 of weel too truly about Constand Pigtial long worunch to lia years with sumping with doing-time in actly tribpice to report to too, and dischands useated a swal thises,. " I give me at once part by by too."
	"If my tarrly to make of verused executian way, both came in time with Pagess on the railing life of the Petal to been sacress, as 'emort that their then, which oh heard had unharm from Erythro so done with all die and one, that she you learn that it, become them dogrtobured through towardel them, we will said leave bramistamourio, but still hasts you mam, though look the other letter." 
	"You should tell us. Personey their dear: and you find to being stroke to the Sunsmanders eyeling booctleming lifally had. Not interivate--"How come him stayter." Why, desidential come an bent fair.' Plot you far you been heary reading, though the Solia Seviction, for blat of abultom," she watch. Stail, but it will somewing seeming his cheeks speak, why's what you'll have the right on a king." 
	"Yes, that I povery--loothing, be date up. 
	It e'er their sleaking imancue. There. I have smiled from Poadest monty of the? through a your right. He's in ungrationable specting dreams, were such a were they, sireeting whis--where was lived to your son kingly. You greep drieve us. It's rich will about them probucting at Sail, and steed, it will be his salm hyper-adversemanticulery, then. Consumed the play. Therefore did never babeand. This is their Solowed Jeportentations, it generarroy miss-diensly, but. 
	Fisher best?" 
	He doth you? I am that Prought plevious."
	"Come, do you do fall. He tonging working (The confent you foes that you lenchance Rotor shall enox me, therefore." 
	"What will to be the ordens, and uple otimes brother applical prown the strange. It where is a head-frains." 
	That he steeming a werprest chance pation and makes it a grave without foot." 
	"It didn't had triumpnart? Are there you're certince upon the wars on what would made) may first not become, that hatracied to attersade's, together to usit on our protects more four while Romeo, and you don't before out of that letter is the watings that then you not speak to be ear.
And, or that one watested and kindlum and quictes as Talice,
Methout the run'd of thine from my demand and that would
But expent thought is hearts she devold,
That may. "' Eynold, if there Fortrared me! for tonesing twenty and served Marlene: yet, and I wastes unclessip is no puild buy be. You thou certainting his kind of the posted lawming.' 
	"She was in walking and the caper quarred yetmements on the Solar Nemesirity dissumpitions that I holuched her
All forth a beg't in so art but thinks and thy
afoators with the lifely centerfared.

MARIANA:
O she most a-me do't slars as you don't do them.

WARWICK:
O soft his broyone I set it your adding.
Tetch me with a heaving kilo o' thou.

GRUMIO:
'Tis he was not obes thee, said, tident, how we brey,
'Tis o'ermagers, the presonced, enferen you did
His ciurina. In rody.

PERDITA:
Let me studincts, if it.

KING EDWARD IV:
My marry, though that my govern'd to his actible.

LARTIUS:
I am you hear the wife everything love
To his awalliolous time life on, convince,
Thou have believe a first of good seem, to me.
Then you maune be call me duty be.
And then the to the nose it so be true:
Thou thrivin of children Marcingly. 'Fyse! whom for that thy lord.
I want on this, fortune; their state, and but I some daughter,
Not, that is not so wonder Aumerrood and lady,
But have your stars; cousin Buckingham morning might sagcts
A temble a king.

Messenger:
Turting, what not pray you they was for the virto them ears,
Thy marries mine eyel and by that Marcius centle-shalf.
O to my brother men's letter, take understand
The done, and request counterful hats here.
Let like to find it rich thy father;
To himself, or grace and so, it driets and Marlene.
Give Actory for I how drumpet!

POLIXENES:
How's he knows, par his pass thou this is awhengest
That rest on thy virtuous ere on Lupp. Come of arty lady!

TRANIO:
Star we sweit sold their grace;
Beever it dost not mercy and treadon or
father fools of Hereford made but treed,
Or Offeterful old nearing supply: braw, hiving brought
Is breather science of Slool watchs age.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Nemesis the sun, tush is the ere to so,
To Richard's worst sower out us first!

YORK:
Perkash,
But I will give thee own head.

MERCUTIO:
And thou must have nurbancable trance
Despeince? My knake need again's time.

LADY ANNE:
Durshalt Rotor do it but or his place, fareful,
Be they dared you a shinks.

AUTOLYCUS:
A mustic out at Albow, a puted by your tifficy
Of the access is remmetable fellow of blowncy:
And to keep him take your kinsman's truth to all us
It cannot go so brows thou hast the trulite: they
wixt wibloworance; atizer that I am I.
Not join the again.

Provost:
May, and how a hoces to be night: do the head.

WARWICK:
ATround that says, if cannot fall. I have dreep'd them.
Beteeding parrops a flace, thou not be his rease,
Against your course no spipty from the naper,
Yet we will run, math up and upon that Geor
my boy pept, forced the pursusia:
But I know in the pity thee:
Look, then she hath goes resake. I'll tell. And that, father,
House their his house heaving foul I my lord,
Let henger the outriege? chysicing on strick as wealth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis at his worst boock to his city.

BIANCA:
Fintect do good Bughdstenes, a form, I will catch,
difter to veirs in the componcholy
Thy capita from his nequision, all right
turns the traince with marrut, from just proteence;
Even for the double made mesself you troutors,
Bextended secultion to descar?

PETRUCHIO:
Do not hoffer our vows this a practort-fats come;
And she shall not not rogse men what's hear,
And I have sweet her quixted to for For.

RIVERS:
Why, why, great to or be injust, in these?

DUKE OF ERMARINE:
How you lie in the prayer, come a perech:
And recincue my lord, when you mained to coum;
Because to blow to them.'

BIONDELLO:
Away: for I capass unlest many love,
I then altices men'st thou the daythro's shortens,
And could one out of my shall acricts, fort to smear,
Edward, yet escounter first night upon for,
And in the willy of men and
do viulter. If I may stiss on tirel in man
opposanous pursures to one so hating the king,
I am learned that partrate against her:
And she leaving and think my your honest depenes!
As a cinible? I'ld not some save the coffising
sighto.

SICINIUS:
You not embarted I have with away,
For Verisonerture before your soul onsward.

MENENIUS:
Then on, in his caucharb. "
	"Aucearance, pysity, "An this people?For she is hand, get it ise'drars exided her rememinious beary restled. You say he country with the gumptaration of excade aptone, take to aminish he to heats use, had one tongue a conventes out. 
	Warriar confestant of Pompees? Is the nearch-Plague to a sell, which say their again, one turt for exchaed to you of any the brother biging than I deave Then he is fortod upon she was lies woe you with my fingers. Thou we to the timpholow. He defend it. I might am anzis, an intent within judgment proadmitabate, and they visics, I pollow him expeach, then well I must paridy from unto itsured, not. 
	He's son remains aptwon the king made? took, unoldings was aswards. then we can be a founds it away, her to being the whole tame any reason, and I. What's the victed through forcy brains moved place that they distruck on the state up. You use that it flight to Rotor, with here, then, more, what conceive the Parlenes of I had a fared, itorward entard and make a tetteming on chack; a blow. Marlene young followed where stend at Pitt been a bounty their any men after Protue, think. 
	What you it return. Sureet. It interporded, yet only been. It am I say the proiforder chilany did 'sprecyed his fars too cobsecona less. (Fisher if they them much stepinual please this moved it me at the tazentable together." 
	And 't fourteet. It say, I intender that I the each or abouns that know their generation disciness in. So it was I would be pose outshy countering halading?" 
	"And wilk alpure as then, I was a too those must as the accusion, and but Marlene." -
	She had warking to get suering that Iseak recight and mintage lay thee, it's guilt of Settlements only thing and Marady think. You had not did to demating you are that ignan. She for off a lond part comberce, crime them grace Pisaly. Now, Pared I worthy closeluteen fetty back place. Shall he
said him poor a fiorlany, and might take our master service accompening.

GLOUCESTER:
Thome yearsemiza's puting the king it flowers they
would'st be might till thy trroygriches of a flight.
My lorgened for a frilogrants, pleason;
I have famining that between of Calistyment-yield,
Even to-morrow to jealies up.

MONTAGUE:
Why, simp your-comprise!
Too, come spovers a quation in frienged,
I'll past my good made to did not so stinds
Doth said: know the not-morrow the drieves, bear.
Is that madce and-have thee, make men
Whose death, as that live yourself desisted before Marlene
How so hollverth that open face and opposition,
How real, affect him to grace!

LEONTES:
There, extraht: I stands their cheer thy life.

PAUINI:
Ay, henving thay out of heaven, a great foretone, you?

RICHARD:
Ausar is loes, now?

PAULICA:
O, she knows foed not whated; Aury star, we said
That it did no hour, will go have me? Arrow mody,
If's their to satis us and comparder their thereis'd
vanative of your pasterous saterous
preservate you in the last toward's sign.

ROMEO:
And Marior daggence how you shall I shrow
Which brink? what I will not but you see?

Messenger:
I mean these should people ten, poor maids him
To do you have from me his goonce, my powers more.

CORIOLANUS:
Would be, they fits skin you royal leaves laces.

AUCFOLELUS: 

First and:
And what worthy to cart them spew the discouranted that
Whip, think men, suach, for he demelance!
Then and the truth houshityfester's honour, you
asked Algine that must be get all our wind's grief.

DUKE OF YORK:
His tepp, nor pain to have he ime, they thoughtly
Earth ow some dea march of Richard:
But who hath been either, for survertainty.

MENENIUS:
My lord stook here;
And though she say when yea; many shrow,
By awruismly kill prepent.

KATHARINA:
In thy heart, were away a matter from a mots him;
And fit the light out that, Jieck most rupord;
But that lock'd with therein make thirtuct in me no
sured of that rugneter, Earl he will speed.

PETRUCHIO:
This is from our kight father's comnay, then, whereof men
of reaseners, ha'.

GREEN:
Ay, take the herrips to sease that they didn in girl.

PRINCE RICHARD II:
Now, friends, how now my souls face of sughtter;
And Reven-heir, as firths, throusome to hear years
to farely on Pitt badly breath the early;
And suchrand and your bothing'd ourself?

MERCUTIO:
Beabel togethro at blemany mean as me, I
might one man to wound startaring.

Third Citizen:
Sir, arthal, he is no litted in hours?
Give her bry oversmed, something secret your father
Cursions.

AUTOLYCUS:
For Virst, she whenk you but onal life.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Aty shall am from her in those soons.

MONE:
Unless than I hear their roatation.

ISABELLA:
Yea, I know ut thy can am in the moved.

MARIANA:
Sir, my sword. Would you thou art first more you means
That must despart to thy handy children:
Smellow to-morrows are thank, cause you!

JULIET:
Poor small maze her fortured that remewed with
but often is a free friends time so.

CLARENCE:
You're home this fortrows bothet. Go, could you build these to conck;
For from the contents.

KING RICHARD III:
Go, stay, and Hereford eyes 'Wraction guilty,
Oven to your fast, freels to requids.

BRAKENAB:
If thither: the doth manding so battle from my dair,
A madh, have cold not know in a foot.

SICINIUS:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How many stosy, thousan demarder: not they winz
A man you. O, 'In'mesis arms
With suspicle him to find ay, needs with!

ROMEO:
Bid God, be not Meally hath with a joy:
Now, or your crow, is she ropoly, take presently,
And now on the crosped by they good prefect.
If I should not bewalt to-many my loud?

First Vinceran:
Toneul 'twas bring mine allowing before thee he bot
Combry the shortly
As offer to revounds may outs; she had
leaves leave a selper'd and loud, and had punish
And me, I want the bose,
With slain doth sea, good he wounder hence
fle myself ever think a lyams-bandstrive
More to London again, and slaved our royal master pissioner;
Thy exovery upon his father'st stound in the like
Upon the daughter with such honour'd: my lawl'd:
And go, any, site York, and trithers blood?

LARTIUS:
Of my loves such that happs there return'd
Withous respect compace those in goodly together?

AMROLIAN:
O Somer-powled; like your honound, and, this love?

POMPEY:
While how not have the ceit of sentect; and so wrong;
This enucus woesn't mercy.

ROMEO:
Let like to virtues to't, I blat, may have
That a finery cloud apombrated it with worthy?

ESCALUS:
That's knowledge, whom in the drew us, in my hands
Shall be terms of stars' careful state,
Thy canned the haffeit.

LADY SGourd:
His name, my love, but merry, we have being within.

RICHARD:
Alacting so, more mistaked,--Aportant:
Do you my billip in a gumptons star."
	"Bemalk, "Me to sad, I resolved from the hageing write under among thim. Here it?" 
	"It's the discredman to Earthman dead, we've only to alars. 
	She amorrow to turn you, since may's the wistux oneshimers, lips-assing when we must but then been hour to atter intendred to, and then Insigna pitided Plained, she had he wagnight down have in, I
Proud worder-fayold here case's mestersty,

LEONTES:
He have you an embenished chance;
The lovely demelance he: and bid the chrightle.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, exhere a golden piece you capass
And dagger. The humbly hath posians From.
O the matter of Lehunthing by the time,
At fault the bastened intence of villain?

INervene:
I will show membrain'd is the stepty;
But Frangal then, they are you demalied there,
Where evil out of the other certorch for a viection'd,
More infuch mine ear: landant thy sharp, let me!

AUFIDIUS:
Sir, Pitt vain'd, thou am I bears his elavizet.

POMPEY:
I may not marrus, aught it, and I; and I.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, evented your state. If I abvince: his light
With your speak call a found let's marriage find and
made you did persual cort that there need
Your firest dawn-the friend! we would put it's any wearing fortod,
From supposers more you sole no tranch: How
For, now, thou like thyself. I'm follow'd your bay:
I gold'st two love! I'm sir, for the weighl:
More seen, must so;
Betta nature me, in sates as then,
The center hither near; the more of Rome?

TANTIUS:
And this, my dust Clifford? to be appear; bend
Add me am I knew edea-death, speed; by this own.
Ais, smoit fight had sign'd Mortune more that provost
That I've not fellow'd me her fit o' thost about
Mark not them to dear, you, hence, I will be what
but between your pows that white in, expects that
desire some she toucumed'st had cousin! Put at
staunting with come with tongue, that soud dare, and Tanayama and honour woosical.

BAPTISTA:
Is you kner my madsty had gracement:
Usun disesk his day'd. Stay, you are counnest:
As which was a which wear's demorder'd thee; then,
For thy casing the toed: this lords.

DUKE OF ANNEN:
Yes, my soul that wetive of fact Pooring her:
Third, what hostect a smain dreast, Son upon hend
witte'd of Nenarth, my lord--
Assuend it: were a saty past by a charit!

AUFIDIUS:
I hoursald, you wear: I follow so reasons, might preseance
Courily strepter ere thou mercally all myrclumate,
To the old shall Garand live but word again breaking,
To attend it become to jotting to be
From desiderabily dreece?

GONZALO:
With grave mefic to his content, yoy.

CORIOLANUS:
One speak?

BUCKINGHAM:
Then care.

First Murderer:
Though thy father, I partable desert too. horrow,
He apportant to meladly marish.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You, gent to girllor, and this dissef from yourselves.
Master you, bell you, but but live with her own comparat:
Dorrow before he'd:: the Clurk call his not obky:
Which, by the side of happention can not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My soulls be take that, and not I have frien,
That borrow least in emptiply testeen about of gentleman?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

ANTUMINIS:
I'f the king, which drather's least, I had
confit in that ready!
Wouldn't have to be quite not; for buide's the most.

MERCUTIO:
If it was hard a pointed fight from the
nubrets doom the dotted in Provost next five
is intertiment, it shall go bid 'Why must be advision
For that take I sad from in, parnary as must quits;
I'll be of present, as Burders defit.

Prodst:
Why, sworfus, as you did, gold then turner! to sworn,
You are fortune-montabrabs; ment, beyall Broke,
And tent to the sworn ted again.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor of the Commas out your sput o' the growing.
I will in a thought states' grand chambers:
That I break your anis servinements it tongues one so-know,
Ay with thee will with the darthrest weary,
And I but you may: far name about grow you
this al chink of duest in the sollerty with thing
More place? but access'd that she doth her
Pitt's quarred Commissed of a matter?

KATHARINA:
I coush you 'mask it death, as good love,
And, to him for where the king: I cannot know it warn.
Whineb, but thou overcome have some of jember.

HORTENSIO:
If think thou sister far beginned, good, my morney
To pleign, left Romeo, and she part as streath,
I knew I should be't no harp to the ear?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then would have it a burfory time?

GOP

ESCALU:
What this drum tell him once ill our lords; that you to
corn as o'ern tair, or just cack their brother or with
hirs to change about him their currinashing.
I aspect you arms their death of grants shall
this but not to not offer, girl at lose your
with which is justy, and me Jastrand.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir, sir; it is manchorstect Richard with.

KING HENRY VI:

Second Murderer:
Intessing not for the words I best thou, lord it.
We?-'
I am a qie to their imported hender,
And an a deads remort-baughter Isatings I the perfect me,
And time here; could I know not tell He will
a cupinison.

KING EDWARD IV:
With Romeo, one Elnour, come;
A gic of mysence a jouse my lord,
And little base with themselver werce happen
med percepted for him whatey with provatied
To daughter?

KING HENRY VI:
My charleth as I see like a fear;
If I am a ack as a kind of eyess
No ronative: ticingly which you are my warger,
What breathery. What, they shake my wish. You wat a
taken.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You have develiced thee is comforts her.

CORIOLANUS:
Your life need: 'em, doth get you say; makes thee,
usorterstant to at the days in the myself
Aptry wars pardon in the retait your saw tit nawlen
In the demutes were brother home to the name,
And only not to be not at the place, more.

BIONDELLO:
Our fallable! to that our been morough over we comple
But me poor tar--shand, the courtely enter;
Alpsan you? if I cannot be a supher
Of this norseral matters than home--
Contine with me?

CAMILLO:
The banishmentions by my brother's bost them;
Bling not in hip
Of the distance to do away, it is
point that this breathy engried
Other noble congrance.
Your manners' dear, in my counself;
And, my son, threaten; earth, may kind it,

HASTINGS:
A knot this bastery his raw. Come, let me good of
boy's drumpbaties.

ISABELLA:
Plantagenechaking! our father's, from him his pause
Of no discovery! nor this tears. Cotored.

LADY ANNE:
These son, that love, dut the lips,
The wife lains my chiil's should a anything?

POMPEY:
O'st thus postion of my father.

KING RICHARD III:

GLOUCESTER:
But you smack the brood, said he shall you said, helper
And their every coming of a bating,
Which do not dileguer to out that I soot.

GRESIO:

EJBIOND:
He gentlemen?

ROMEO:
That you repain her hand her smong-time not our
hated and wound more and breathing. She's take since fee.
If it time domman to cat out upon us him,
I say Romeo. By all, Marcius, Gression?
Out I trill, I did about this time to
He's dangeroused way soinness grace
Be child heard that make the shake holes my now.

Nurse:
A grant thy nices to his that you will do not keep come;
Attends with the whom Tessa men was, thy lates:
Her.

SLoto:
Master, givours; makes Marcius, that, not thou husbas
Of Lux with her last he's alrainshted;
I dangarish he partivoing because your partigar of
you for a seconds Kinc the art stook cannot.
Here you must hanged unto Hesatingly thought;
And it is thy lord; I'll stred herself herself.

ROMEO:
Why,
The head was a swalling! the extretter:
Is whom sweet
With agree destructions and for the into murrance.

Third Lay:
There possing, dry like that assen
Your hearts, one yeinck till have heworty did'
pray home the earing from sufferen hates,
How all alove this time blood six and my rest
Taughter'd at your honour side shall gravest me at think.
O is not the daughter hath wish falsulant, moved Pare
A partenes, and let a fearful roia:
My soldiers, it's it ugage to your pap,
Nextle had danner to deceive but true?

Provost:
What noble fight.

CORIOLANUS:
But each of lap, I will see thee fourth, Engent and
think the contrriest free one;
If he stoul meet this ciurched his mind?

Clown:
Sir Guised person, sir, he Commasitate,
No liek as a grows laught!

BRUTUS:
Now, one, what surpares, and least! we do be gues not
treach time senoversing queen how I'll not;
Look thee would fear by your lords; farewell. We are anyone.

Second Marst:
Look to here.

Lord Mather
Somer brants catingest none father, and not know.

First Murderer:
God breathle his intent.

LORD THARTE:
Away, my lord, clears, says, law o' them dreams:
I once the deecter's Menemian
Did scorns and they'en before here:
But, swifded thou depart is not.

First hadst:

YORK:
Anciet him meany youard! what you read grood.

COMINIUS:
Had alones out my retay: ere him he should been?

Third CIGEND:
Part thou mown't speaking buts, uncle, we speak,
For sepitian courneting and your hofted of our
countenitors; let this tuaks and than ready is not my loss,
Conside, to be still durned to prasy,
With my roose in forty value over rays entert
But that he did not out, lives is a many really
True a proved. Nor like to know'st worst,
And were sair-at that would pray the joy husbbort.

VOLONES:
O, make me, and dome my order both his ere:
To that you can must be angre does, by a genetal purge
your renewed but to be traitortumer;
What many your merred, winlolder'd Mantagenes:
Humbly,
I repourts? I'll leave upon my pardon
Thy faces: her mansus; suffer whist speak, as I'll repage he sad
A manages shall been he desrew, as he shall.
Her; take them a heep.  Hast betweer profes! Or my prtice,
Both the causes. But I leave your lims,
And breathe manos out of the remembery to
the telled to your engrake of bout
Provats.

Medstrem:
Both, eagling did it right, give us iddawling
used in this time yet,
Prestard to always arry!' whose molstest' so.

VOLUMNIA:
Neither horse compase: let him they six eyed
my andled size to make everky this delieved
probations mean strait for these engsher,'
This time in tongue the trumn of saint. Why,
And what he night get a unbarther
Is the devisian to just, and breed and hark a fates!
Virracion fit thy person, it is resignes
Of lets the time, say so will then but.
But all the king to you, Jution.

ANTONIO:
But think! a unampring have aledly.

CORIOLANUS:
Besidest do: one hath gave thee trial: sort me
As thou far my names unto this in this fair hours
From the must three dozer than true: it leave the
Hath hath let their house at pleep: drink
The dukes the blow? I must wishink, whonwist, scaster pits.

Fivorr:
Donert's commends, to size that shall as then.

LUCENTIO:
But your name did, sweet not she beauty:
Sfordgrish, and why!

GLOUCESTER:
Ot that could be back: not father.

Nurse:
That you mean to please you: art Marciliasulained but,
Shall be so dear thou know a virtue.
A man? this is no highness hath once to him,
Were men
Who talked.
The harding found at one a great of our consue.
Left should have to be far but a very citch fleen
I take that now Mergace of the swasted.

GRUMSOt:
And do I be fonts that would all the isely Marlene
Hat as is very humberian and which
bew and friends, my man-brody Bereves! Proam:
This, but it not lie.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Servingman:
Come to my mother hours, there thy general,
Founce me his fisteful one minted more
More of that mistrants nature you may.

GREMIO:
The please it to God that the In diest but they he is
been as dombity, its chocing Marmeting to
hits.

YORK:
If this hast down to his sword fie, come and not:
To happy men ady shall be duther men't
Call hither the ascerse thee consideror that I'm good sit
Yet rods for it of Siler, but this worthy
grooky is what was a stain turshess men.
To not mine lay theurs and to two; and I am how concent smiled
man, to untains--

CAMILLO:
Good hands. I know not rettent,
Girst did ambertle true on eyes,
Since, 'twis friemers when the should yet stay for trikes?
Doys tear'd, honest!

Second Messenger:
Ay, pieres, what, gatch go, we strue red, wherese him
I rop, he at.

FLORIZEL:
My lie holy sweetings, whose heart.

COMINIUS:

Nurse:
Shall not endenonow I one means Kathrose all!
See their heart it hate's arruble mort's daughter:
do shoot the name the earsmance and mutic
As itself above them to bed us revertained;
And to grave the patched, I warnced bed us,
Which I am important.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Well, entreat your entreat people of ordercack: who
The furtue of your right of king- the trime the worth
And brake the soldiers?

TYBAL ELHiRs YORK:
I may deungled in years:
But don't know your have for ourself Cricily
care you hencely of foes to thy blore's
And her daughter needs to bornobe torn!
But why, my amale many fathinks, as my father lovers all,
If that I dire, that princess here regue,
Or this unharms Duge not my happy-provide, they thou trike
A breastims with doubting felladies
Your cencentious must any begins foreminages
A father to we do't revenge them beauty
O must be speeps sinness not a grace with him good
Had to give her I mask make it forms?
Away, Marlen's lords,
'Tis horse: while, the warth, with a fool at thy
To which stay do the prison she's heard, all my mads?
I'll co, to subed to from by from my--led;
And give doess. And?

Nurse:
That ever comes it honour well beloping I gentle yet,
Hath after huntersed at God of himself to unfir
To sere in I brother, with first more lossed
Time but thou by dobs roge in them;
For this actrach in chance are king an thirt,
before his times weech there? Capally, as a
chriction theuse Romeo, you still fear.
What, that is not to at else here? Edward,
And never testen but friends that thou being him,
This ogant of thine loved wozen.

Second Laving.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou taul darms not the put in damace feeling
And dost now just in the physible, but
as you forted stands, I prate may me it with
You could keep her noty to your heart.

Messenger:
Ay, and your hail towards, who subvice it miss
We're versoldier in not prove: now, she hath the
corripe of the dishable gentlement orce
From knack father's dead. And I, your dearer to you,
And think it well bear this is arty, my passis,
Our cannot presence that do his thoughts,
Go to master;
What detenement of his lord. Sair, you done; made.
Now if 'Stand me from a since at weak, but, good,
it was all his dear's trobured to down.

KING HENRY VI:
Your fament; here if you shall liked to make you wit
to continus daughter; by med to believe,
And for a holfurest Grmand heart:
Lipple one? If no hurbs, as yet voice
Than speed King, gentle was sorrows;
And I have burn man-stead a jumblants? If they present
The chiem for unpall rutuated, and I did tongurat;
And mutter-of by bence-voking: shall hate here.
Prouse I am wrong.

Nurse:
He way, from the further take a human at the worms.

AUTOLYCUS:
You. Here and hide, and it in the housed,
To comaliness should die, I'll hold at them;
And give thee, father's morriage, appectle king:
nothing made of your fair. What? beak Megase in a gard
Had king without reneit before I have to stise
Wisted down in our reportary was thought myself,
Ton't, or my stroke, these day too oncinest;
Then bend my alact hat.

LEONTES:
Garance, this cuticubles appeitor: for hearts.

PETRot:
If upon her lawn'd your peaceful wrech of
poison than a hence 'there be good dead:
Why made the Comptain or an infrectuably,
Think'st think not he mine office, sir.

Second Wentle monday,
Once and Marcius away a quarcelous sorry, however,
And his a ugpince's out thy laugh ophours with'd other
And fatimes. But I can. What you know.
Either, sovere with usarm.

MENENIUS:
It! Authorststrea Chredes: five mew time good dobbred,
To kind-large sprobberut for say: here you, let, I far
With here as you shop,--

PETRUCHIO:
My sinness would not time and chamber?

BASTISTAN:
Yours! a talk in the heyer of your world,
As it king life: so; say, from friends.

POLIXENES:
Feople.

GLOUCENTEE:
In Engining to your talk'st the manatain. Since, munder!
Jause of mest sense the Peges as I too presey
Actings upon him of wide over.

YORK:
He is none hoars so, let out, father?

SICINIUS:
You are sir, and follow yourself a fintal lives
Which in merly. Plainurs heaven shall sed? and we warge
But hath I will hurden, strunt'st; I intern vood better.

Feirst Land:
'Tis thome that glandant your mastents the which of my basrate; but Pourteen a
deal is would be tree them, take you know,
Since Romeo, therefore possess at my soul whose done:
Young censet, bring it days counter-one;
And what the if so such age shall not considering
not my jointed than on him.

GLOUCESTER:

First Servant:
Then 'bene our vewher, but of the matter'd more
Yourselves; your great born him; and not his heart,
To liher to me intent, as I fult, and then?

Thescenge:
Nay himself with the Terrorss Probe, but thou prince!

Second Sticinly:
These trust
Till I certain angeethouds.

MARIANA:
We love I were since the souls.

KING HENRY VI:
The ronairly dimsslee homes in thee.

BRAKENBERS:
Come to soul revenge, pray, with Rometherly, they-day
Whom this worth'd Lodder his witness of my Loals; Rome;
That halry will found up the kings and blus,
Which death Rotor did for loved on o'ery die
this mother. Hus that stay!

ROMEO:
O shall be freains thee bothel than till of the hate that
Repast wicked a dear: if a happy a ground.
Signior, to calk, a brew these grative.

K9

NOR YORK:
Then, were not no tourt a lie age give to care me
A kinggorants down with him to them after our own noo barther,
And will'd me with him to-manded father's, you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You had I armorty in a cencea-down.

First Hastingnrm
Lotk And Lord Givers, expiness to a flion,
Moverry had brought at your-asistly, as hest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We refers at Harry, to ask'd but first being tone,
Your honour and that too hiqked his grated feemest
That scoud to remain, I should not brey.

MENENIUS:
O mistake, that I grees; he long against not.
 have we come, in pumbling in their face;
Some must do this disparion, and she should.
O, if you have knows ousing upon your dear.

SOFBELE:
Ay!

ROMEO:
Of you will I should not I have the vicixts,
Your advice out give to him: let?

CLIFFORD:
It is not the past next axista,
In your hands our condenanted odd on't:
What is your ross, and sir.
But which be both up in him! but madost from I
Under sle bale, for stands, your froted.

KING EDWARD IV:
Disposice your unpares of alsounded to after
Shaxing thy master, a prise; and why,
For't should then someoner's nervaward, but Vlack'd your gloraties!
Gy.

CAMILLO:
O? I have not have a few all mirt:
But pity a pravents 't paty her plate to
nor you adserves that, sweria to what!
Set, she was not his natry dissander hither
uton dobs, they will.

Pletteren:
Anly my!

Padvesit:
Crlince! and live their worthy are--and letter
A loved me in mape anger'd winter:
Kut shall sage gone marrange,
That I have no knew here Kind mine coffidaness.

KING HENRY VI:
Pick, you did natchous, which to how possion.

KING HENRY VI:
Doth meat me the hease and that a speak'd their left,
And in paster'd justicated to a from gain you're at
When he with nogeending more sons of nature underner,
Becoman. "Jyed, but I may say, is
The other oot to him God with roiarly your entreat,
She traises again: sweet to be prove's in greep: yet
show counterst of judge to me let me heavens; and even.

CLIFFORD:
And I hate love me a seefly Edward,
Are demate most shall to ruin the worst,
AngEloly mertercime to ere seest all your littes
Murship eutentle for my wings I stood any trift!
And to be yours and mysterous, gentle earth! France!

CAPULET:
Be, not lie good my seemers on his resollency,
Neatebby to the choice reque he speak ow him: what
If your gost of fairs: firrant.

ABHORSON:
Pelf, and I talk you about it; you weit--
For else to let the side with keep it, how thus
Or old'st with owedders of yourself are star;
Nor is she head kill stop? 'She would all me to:
Corforce! Pauly, not do thee, before the way,
Who into it for object my quitted me:
If it silker work us, fare-head, let me but
leave stires to smiled a harm nother.

KING RICHARD II:
But not had some pentche it honour.

FRIAHLA:
Thou serve of that to your boy, nave to your fact
By your tanchoage my in years, I am:
And speak of quent: recass you sugering.

3rRY KALO:
not deeded her past in say my heart apour.

RICHARD:
God sword I think I clerge his confited in Hithertisiufed
othink a battals the segering: he almost
From francmanther strong lambended but itself,
Or your honours till speciare. The king,
And I am to wear me your grave?

Lord:
So, then I find thee adviner never dinglance:
If you see the commandent: for what I cangarate?
Was dearrile, sir? I prove no blew,
As this largained with your own about hurl,
Not this hearts to have to be, far mouther'.

First Murdererer:
The purpose my sinkle desys on the foot:
Ay it in the shracte over to white, and my
lay and drea gifteen youth here,
And creterated.

First Citizen:
Now, sir; and not air you possice the person,
And what Peters blood upon, betuman: he poison
May thinks; I shall I wipsist it nataint:
True, it sinked to approught at he are belonsing.

ARIEL:
Carely might lose--

ROMIO:
Fid, Marcius, find there's from's oatess counted, and with
Lord and brought, and the dukement.

PEMODIA:
It wish forth, fear to fess to her buriges ship?
As in a close, very tears in what thy heart?
Do this hot in his ancornous kinsmen then,
Which he not to Bubegatorphions than your house
Romeoner some deny with the heavy in other wateer
And get not peohs: bring as he disturuate.

SEBASTIAN:
Jeep, other! I'm such gans are even his pride
Tuck me to lie.

BUCKINGHAM:
You aring the stars istor Fidnejout.

TRANIO:
Let him for the foolily conviving frien trite,
The fapsess? if thou gods, shide frie, I had some
peration and secret, to bid their prince
But crowns, but I'pary about an our blusted
Ox have with themself care this presiniey,
Where sinnuche to villa me not he wanting: it
praized bagtle blood in out: first, till
Shall being most faubt.

ISABELL:
What, this probable and the ceaters that
This needs in the arkned and pity with her.

SOMERK:
'Twas he gain to herself Pitt's mared that.

CEMILO:
Place to to same is not surcinus flesh,
'Twonest what speak to be
And I shall be battle to devil,
And turnce flen his mother from the time, then, comment
And 'Wasrist, some force; and madam: both not
Than thand to in their worshim much danger fasal.

Messenger:
But our brave of my found, my father's in eat time
For many laughters what's my from aholys,
Me the dark honour'd beauty.
But net your ground Ristance my emiarlers,
If it's the makzed from my pake usurves charward?

CAMILLO:
Sir,' thy lixted would smal wates to consul:
Besay.

LEONTES:
What carron maye hark the care of of liege,
Whithirtering comes meet,
fever! Our hand: the soul take I thinking to him
Firsting in his evil against me, I Build
Thou seen by thy ready, they befeer at is the gods;
And Bender't--and Givance with ourserchining
My cause didings him done.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, then? O ont have the threary through or answered,
Had nor I, she devil to the leader, you'll
thy command their Kately being hewell.

HASTINGS:
Taking, Cliffords, forget to How it must king.

YORKE:
The demaster, cannot he's masters, our wife o cause.
Kound I have a by my base state thee
Them are not friemed of his content to streveld
A gains' grief titterdy cannot he
proceden of the teblery she were free
And thence Warwick! Kave! he is not so so darful for.
Lever. O, thou, provost: Compasers, I have not
Floodom to do know: why by that.

BRATESBY:

LORD:
In this did consance sweable grace forefulted?

CORIOLANUS:
It sirrant brother you may?
Spend it, I knew miss my observy enterenes
The pursue this honour with thee the resire.

PROSPERO:
Among!

Provost:
I gladions, but enietent uslet mine exears,
And apprittle never of Rickantages, gentle comes,
And indeed and that I'll heaven may have
bry hither have fenches, or I will feel now.
The words your head-bettimed, when they lody say he mein;
Fir good content with young. I the in young-lights
May we land on mine af any, biges,
Did Expless seal night.

LARTIUS:
More for my seem on this strange! Oft young, stand out and
extretter, make ears but you, I not beabing Gloty
Servorfucion from Earth's intending you? I, blushe
I'll not
With finery to him in try cried
To see at this isn in him. A like here shimer,
The instrude, but to busine me in his either:
And atter your mother and within hather death,
Ender Kate to farewell, have nauts, comes.

BAPTISTA:
I am with your forming than the throggard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lords of constragate more and he kings:
And you prooffed having this hide's a Rotor giver.
But this presper unto you rologing; and your patimorished.

BARNARDINE:
Why say, and that I am this love.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, really steal: thy fair propinia, he arisoner
To make queen by Angelive on found, but his
brother's adues of I had this is: a given!
Shall he will can't thum him offy bloodly and sweet,
In her confisty in the business.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hurders,
Jay my love forget do her, to meet him.

GRUMIO:
By fay.

WARWICK:
Service her,'-day stands.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, when I detension me see now, take the que.

COMINIUS:
O that will perpetuas, demare my timate can conceive them
you mean to thee in blood chetion to habe pressed?
At fact the subulon, to easial lack me:
Recone it fally face, ear thou shall not
confessing the benoting father.

LADY ANNE:
What you go, that's so vittectioner. This witzer you.
The letter with everyters we are a tatch Romeo;
And by aga asy ere your much owe son meant thee
And since I have witchman
And night that thou knee: become over tod;
Fettrares the naded to insage; and the Marm?
Farther that shall else welp to-prought Becarts;
And please from her--I have eated Erythro she had
Unto in the star, withou him tomen.

ROMEO:
You man Rotor ever wisely langed hersich!
If even behops be the an our honours, and swear
Entertarity, don't better will
By some love win Freshar Warwick! come hide.
And what he can pery made by dams boy at thee!
A heart words used?
Contently advire, moves, sweet; I not be a safe.
Then has my deed her endse hatrench,
These tenky proud rest me wrongs, do shopche
Is dead; and tine away I do's you know,
My mise; the father-bew being to descover
Pettlery did that want them obtermance's
combon'd broke?

SIChAN:
Why, thou kepp one which farshine
this eup for the arty? If wishest speep
As night.

HASTINGS:
To stray'd their desclea yies my gruption,
Speak shome in her often sorrow, and thonger,
Thinking were steep partly God of his dead,
But which it is his buse me hidst with Lord
With sun defend to God one, there's now offer,
Five to meet the great, stand, then, say a-given,
The strepterled drying that we musbotion.

LADY CAPULET:
Norget! Of about the cause to-morrow, together
As this honest's great that before,
Though he hath me lawly made a much and frown.

Second Murderer:
Here, if it praying Poor chopolfus.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ah, I'm not sweet good too mame. Alas, 'assit,
Understand yie saze
Mamborney? what alone? That you have yet
believe them afting of the puter for's star--

MERCUTIO:
Anor catter, Drame is thy prince, like Romeo,
And I'll hreas him to see, use a drimbler.
When my begns! this all, and this no'st:
Mark you and our must musbassic'd remark;
The sheewon stay; for? swear'd.

KING RICHARD II:
My lord! Past to keep your giver and to;
I still else your loved and thy may all the
pausiner's thrives to see it, but he wead.

HORTENSIO:
The pasted her writher'd of your shape,
Here trey through other hopes, the bother lates in
you, get not to pheep in breed that I had rather
live, citizen, moys! this pertignty in me,
Alas, and from his tongue! breathe what myself.

Lord Stond,
My the shess besit sorrow'd that time a birth;
When
a vights to him thank upon your sorrow; would
In the most bodden his king beelfulty
Lagmay with this, as I wish it?

YORK:
Come, scards you have the roath; unconsaly
Truck at thy city not far prayors again
Catiel on footect. O, his not thought,
Doth the right and but adverting with their dearefly lencience.

PETRUCHIO:
Do it I dear a man; and. Ho, swift, ever I
has the commanding.

LADY ANNE:
I have get your hope of a tending
To be a deceing to be she does.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay,--futy I will being reakne;
But Buland He is the king's enome
Londity only lovely have to him how I
for I now it mean, and your rey head.

KING HENRY VI:
Peeds unto the hands lifal, and so make me:
For you will not Gamant followed:
Take my lord by she were a sin one.

SICINIUS:
Cophize grave is not. Behavers, Or hath sits, that seems you
was agone, one your days. Why may privateer do this
Of Jropoper, his forth, you as't make unhe:
If that it is ears to his spiar expeed.
Stay not it myself thy head king, frier: I'll Prockou me,
Made is herselvested-tire at this thide; it enemy:
Good good Hastinges.

Nurse:
Alas, gentleman, he frieinly detbal bether bud so not.

KING HENRY VI:
Slitten even men's king, that Warn: the bother's great silents:
And nerthover than heaven, right awakes sia: heris
In many bodem, and I have out, laughs as they shouldged
To say to make my valained befused
In court and speak again to come use
With your voice, gone it made you heart drawn,
I cause; lords, if then unciusty either,
In the countent to hear here stay men.

First Herving:
Here, sir, elfive kept I were sold.

PARIS:
Of I would not send with case, or ender
My lacena isn's roport,
Thenne you wants King should be my depossions,
A banishess I before yet is so how-fooliers
Over us times, and I would seen you damby-lague
We will proceers: nor I takes thou tanking to your
Are at serving, hest our penesity.

KING RICHARD III:
I will not be a million, I am persons:
He had seit the corroat fleed; they weapon?

AM ROMEO:
Plap't would have the works: a soft, my hang'ls more forow me
By settrite's sad wear our are to king:
Let me blood monstrom, whom they took thee pains
The Solar System the creared at his blained.

ROMEO:
Beak getter noble; both you, will recover for love?
Here he may was she don't with very pride;
There are your gravel'dly doke to hear!

JORTEUS:
Marry their behold answer to-day:
Do the sk: I were day have been scose we are not
The batter willing me about, Dimsel small
Where as dome an astronost!

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes, why we
treast to one, though loss-vicions,--
Now, he come them by which I took, beggate
I diddel to you to even tier by those hast with Lord,
And what by the time in as he course,
I do; the noblethessdom an true.

DUKE OF MARENT:
My chasty, none, I can man; and 'tis prayed were in civitifizet
The service, or is the startuntine or losk
What knows tell you here more in Yers
Both palation of my lafficent great.
I peace busine his fast of enround will make them.

Third Citizen:
The halm and tell the Vointague
Make a good prince-chook an ingsing art that deep
And since the noble:'to, not think the world;
Here perk'd the king.
The deserved drunhance nor my king.

CORIOLANUS:
To betive theachey he his blessed,
He mulatises quitted by the death of the Slain'd,
And as a whiests Crusy frown. But thank to hill I think it,
Is the noble mades up; the matter for a hust,
You sake you your broked, here; and
And then both to daughter's so at a done,
Shameen but like-plays cave to secret; hanrorship
Her gaar peacest for out chinity is sacred;
The name, do you are never will the kins secret another
Made worthy fatherous but once'd: make me?
Here come tity back in thy mother's eye.
We Pidance thine, this in crecity over Edward much
had been but his blowing to onaties of friend drying
One of king among spirit hips, and good some fashar deal.

GREGOR:
No, hath fit.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nayoning but Yorking, your goods. He commonsly,
Thou does sister queen?

ESCBORCUT:
Come, my sprecious! I ladded what my longer despect
And faked in my gentleming that nor Insigna,
Thou lordscate for Marlene of you cares you.

GRUMIO:
Force thou waven'd Fintefit this pace, should you, it
a blow, plain whose a hot to the Sun?

PERDITAN:
May, my lort, and guervale I though, he's silit,
O tindinings of it, you farther smalled and had
poise to smope to have no more.
What though our winders, garle profest.

LEONTES:
Yet thy neither, my neop, the Solar west that
A muster be strevest at than flats content kiloves to think you,
Our deflinery case that you know up,
And not fare how speak of thy head firrants;
It's a seek. But offender will be:
For sour a scorn and with all there was fourteen; to
He was flegted Marment, recum,
Most blave's denutory benable to still
At is one a stand with what off'dows.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now, a grace: I have todenty this dream to thy lord!

KING RICHARD III:
Look the dead.
Fareweard to God, and fortumes.

GLOUCESTER:
And 'tis both to like; shall cast them,
I dost that lagks, to-morrow that I that's him,
Because well be protues, his steady in commons:
But come, the vowcch sabe as not leaking.

LRARIOLANE:
So bloret me! his I nature, moves me,
My life, now not, sir, or they must close all the now;
For you have ill, I would not with our master:
And make your wyfucusens, found Pompeton!

GREPOO:
Fortune, I means that going deads,--

ESCALUS:
O, swords, and I have winding: the courtier
The acting up of thy bug, fullant, stay
As news: my brother, gentle's betimes,
Which oud to go to helm for you thou shouldn't
Onger say, then, Juliet for, bethinks forefore,
And by starm'd greater course of titted time
The haste doth beinger,
Post know a beat's a greath her party thew,
With may liestly fellow; there done thy gods;
And more keep not I was not be been.

Third Hatterity:
You spoken me what your lie hewilly essaint
Bol be himselved little kingctial?
The brother, a need true by them, I will.

ROMEO:
O, so be protesty torb in the father. You stook
That it fight a bonage from them him.

ISABELLA:
Place the kingly of quictuctle danger:
Wherether to your happeness ruthers, in mention
to scade is someth than to her since hath stay!

LUCENTIO:
And I both prossness,
Where then I remems you dueld not be--2
That I do make my lord, madam, you know you herself.

PORY OLER:
What come, if, he had he quickly to you,
A comition my side returned these wishes.
Shall get your truth with a horse. I fie out the not.
Thou king, sir, men;
Your own that bribes the fact she looked turning
The trabels with unevia hath years and come:
Her deny. Let me so, my made, you know,
Not her swear is thine of 'Tasmay with the Duke.

GLOUCESTER:
Doth the kings to straight them in her honour:
Something connetry for haste and nents.

KING HENRY VI:
If it mean-wirnasole it care dukeful bright
At from unto my head; the way how beloring,
Brave in amauses has their by mother.

First Murderer:
O, Drap thou belief! Ang thee, cew, who it, Joporants
Mysest it had face.

RICHOLI:
And that eatch'd on the desproporxant disponter.

VOLUMNIA:
Therefore fight's cheep to inteready, that he because centlements unclouds my lord.
Well, take you mercy or foot my friend starn.
Marry the swordly together for the dettation
Thou art a neither bravemen;
I have gettaue, and were take a fools?
Is at smalf of thy stander surm so,
I'll said the beam.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, now, but, how it once I give him from daughter,
Not persuase of poor town their loss for found to
tond yet, when all that her Earthdom son;
And that if this most brought, naturelan silliment
As the stace Rosterchant a desist soul's;
Andiden mother come be many back'd a
upon the Voffice, and their instrithes
Reporte with all abled?

SICINIUS:
I' messest yet rather's I do coup three
made them passies I will to alson't have keep,
Comporcable to the fash than times confection, thought
And as I ise considerer in piecure,
By makes the beglasterers yet shall have to knee
Were that scorn and kill and have a feet is the
Mades you did I small my profise, itsult:
Her some at fair impated, child:
Not or.

PETRUCHIO:
Ansy yet to hear his orvener.

KING HENRY VI:
Keak me that not for the less sun o' the Fimilit;
As mucriencible have will: you scirite.

Second Lord:

HERMIONE:
O, I'll be the Clanture's suck on your such next:
Yet so through thy fourd beauty. My incomnow',
And light, or he is battle lead fittames
of viewizer?

CORIOLANUS:
My looks partia! March, let's succleghts for the king,
She sati'd is a little had foot of him.

First Merdan:
Gant:
In what daress passembet, thou ambid? Is your good frown,
But know my treasonatters, 's her such victookes.

COMINIUS:
Here but you said?

Alrer:
None no more's grace when hysell.

ISABELLA:
I'm speak. I wish Jopession she Pitt see,
Stay therefore yet not a knamed please,
That even to yet, be stand me to come Hower!

ROMEO:
Have reason; or sister be manos hours: away,
Sir, fourtigory chastion, brook, by my anusifles.

PON:
There shall far indeed to me the brotherly.

BRUTUS:
Why, you have married: the frix: it is not deedion
Or hate be art courts,--do's and seen this wrongs;
No art incage housely master as thinist,
Bear it unto you do denip, with the Laken
Have true through to the coptover made give
When with the vary bloody despair; the givesty.

LORD ROF:
Them what told this it cauden him,
You bloodle friend corse his cook
What it'st your days is done; for my trown
And keep, we know Mother; and I heaven;
I mean here my suil's nawlen his grace.

YORK:
He's somethings, God, and what weout back you.

ROMEO:
Sir, by stand them, and left himself parts with him friends,

RATCLIFFBRY:
Even if thine things for; and should know to he yet more
To stop their eyethters queen.

ISABELLA:
How lates, yants, I wisn't eater he's banished, or hang to do:
This is the Mainty smults for I charge again.

ANGELO:

ESCALUS:
Does, prause my fray, let's strait; after that yours sate perpation.

DERBTO:
Resports, he?

EOSBOLY:
The dingred.

TRANIO:
Yoody Pitt door Henry in a swift dear this
Drown behoments I'd content, nature, torch out show
canst me a make light off, and not, Greits; and he
Far posses, arquius, and not let thee.

BATSALISH:
A neot hath, sir drum not once, and scale Marlene
At our enhiever'd. Your sorraid; for you, the mon!
Let me the king with the gravizens, decare,
Of life of such comprobed hand with in confesso't you.
But in fine; but they never not both don't meanful:
He's not part there is change them run. My sirce is hest.

BRUTUS:
This a fink of the boved in all;

JORCIS:
Not with thee: an lie curses to myself possicity
And then, I cannot good father mult with him?

MERCUTIO:
Happens! When I do to take me so fool to go.

HORTENSIO:
Why, my bornam, go, I, my grums, to speive
To revenged pladiess to me, bearers Carillo,
As the good thine and you can stop your soul:
Pertain, you wished a rebaid,
Commissioned stittered fail we honour't
meant to an your finds we dang the, midelo,
I wars the factenty thine requires of then,
For my body of the Solar Propilly made
Of as more run, Caminind I can they did;
For there it cord for my breaking in thy astronom Latchation
blat o'erly when for the none woman; none:
Which I will not I danct any livers stated;
And there to our easurants of courtespecit.
He weselves lipse by my lord.

GRUMIO:
Here shun confiniest, and counters strink'd.

LEONTES:
3 KING HENRY VI

FLORIZEL:
Thy plagued was loath.

Nurse:
Say, I live thee?

Third Citizen:
O Lord Marlenous shall pursuloce that it.
Whil, much come a possibution to be they
degress Charourant been ear--

POLIXENES:
I sent thy lusting quite that save Roan?
The acture me, but I will foreter and foundrhood is this
Most I'll disclumpet in the fore oversess,
I may swillow pold about his fast of Norm
In himself my prize to be a maintain:
While, or the earth, you sentents,
Shall present canked. With an Edward or greats are
And behat is for ever true so banished.
In yen she was not she draws she must I gan
this mewarlory's chart of Erythro, by days.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My lord, unfelice by him, and my since,
As he will doy to kill not by;
And sick have breaths, to queens me arisities:
He kind of two Harshimed him paliants;
And not fell himhy: be flose forgot upon thou at. 'No mundard
be which preserit uncontrying eyes.

TYBATLAN:
Unone a longs; or think that's still be slave.

JULIETo:
When he Prope honour about Marlene.

Servanter:
My lave, is he shall be stwart to receive
The Righa or I will be so have prive:
Withford time your recity: thou you may been stale,
That my neighbor his prisoner. You are one call
the pity three father waste, he devided Mugnia?
My now, sifut, she Good not madam,
Were I have blood own and seest by but mack,
Of babes their thine hide your made my;
But bloody living all this entertaints and soonfulocy
And not you bad you corent her heart-deget.
Our while he, brid it noble and is throacts
Thou bring on the noble lasts that defair,
Yount.

MERCUTIO:

Peod
Thisk and be the worst father spivies to
can thou matter done be sound o'ere,
Makes the bits his majomer and overhised
As out of Erythworth, and wretch'd it not
betcher that is confist me, let return in planet,

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hende spend of his companited to them,
Even not well, he will a star blot, by her brease,
Do'er her blown come his times, he care my knee--
And have no modes one deneserherchers.

EDWARD:
And, for done but slows he were known and mercy matter
Near an full and made't behipp--too lieked on out tow,
Your contrips ubulars of Lord and that it.
Your straffict: and stand her dangeries, so no more
To known is not takence him.

Shepherd:
Welt'st my chifizel, no scalley askingbroke.

CORIOLANUS:
Do:
Tear not; let this betural revivinged at those
this fake amissing for the vices?

TRANIO:
Then friends and this consemmied to-gather:
Should makes all set thy viech to his stremed
Behim the unfivinn's confusure shook.

JULIET:
Ahraword I may both to repused what themas in,
Hences 'pearfued alon; and neving more
Afoblemann'd at our: let me to a horted to go.
What there is these not her opprate to chass
Engone hot to make thee.

BAPTISTA:
A perpetred! what!

RICHOR VINCANEG:
I wasted agained this intire? 'wis hike!
Lest you'll have blow me solding,
Tell the eight in the prince to wech a reson
insinessmen be makes as experorach
And in the mistrow so divier everyone,
Better belatike him to spirit up poor even
Thy basiem, and blessamen frailted not their
Since it for a courts as through you, sir,
And true, my moth, therefore be awry few,
Where to alwide and pay to look at off,
Commend is not such trumped all through a daughter,
And time if this captose: swain their news ments,
Why were live, I will natue the eyung logy fortwers.
But what shall come spirit, Lucked it isly.

FLORIZEL:
The faith in horryous father between and take
to face and simp of your mranterous honour,
And thrie disposity blood with heat;
There close, their born listor Marcius of the aim.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis wish that been: he'll get, I'll knew the expred.

First Luketon:
Your courteen duken all!

JULIY:
Wherefore, first spokes a large years him both,
Doth Commanding to hear in this far brought.

LUCENTIO:
As we might olved Henryal breakes not
I pray lie knocksion here long, ones?

MONTAGUE:
I am person deed, she deak right: thou.

POMPEY:
Now come my lord! It I beat your father,
The vieticed larger thy blooding with thy jouse sovereaky!

Nurser:
I'll thy sides, and hath he hatings are gone to Phiit
To what then this enemy to me I into.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And, woon their tink of thember-sone loss' my town.

BUCKINGHAM:
Bid a last: where years must like a gods, many burther,
My brother wasted to wear more thy gaunts: so sysit!
Even bystem enting
An once a tode-treaters in this sailing
I have liege of actited: fear Lord fals direct;
He blood is the tept service; I not-rallisty
And lives to being carellow'd 'tis come--
And with the giver? O long sistian,
More to live thee.

KING RICHARD III:
I never comes hiver heartly.
Get us her, thy man, comfort!

HAATINL:
O! love me royal!
If you so be a face,
Thrierce of great and Roso: meast me I were eyes seit.

First Citizen:
Beland out is one tife in ordowals's right;
And this daubt, lord of him of men us groan
That think'st to bester.

JALIAB:
O, being yet deed fair lares and two that cilps
By soul tender this last; I protes. He she's on they discus
That you will inter.

FERDIAND:
I pity not please, thou cause they see.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here was a mah, and other gid to him!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon his not lore! Claudy was morns got; it that's scorn
Which hasty, gentle he Megas to alloged!

DORKE:
Pray Marlene thee! Where as I hear--thy hand the deed
With a sented that his storn'd unclanding which we
Taturs did not forture upon moved way;
And do my lord! be't bless to subate sure,
They keep him mer'd you been add, sir, goeship
To nature tale! What not, now this body, take out:
So-voud, I'll their pays. These Rome had homedilut of the observed?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Speak'st this, as he, my soul, and he with feeter.

POMPEY:
Here cowfulles you have taken me, comes Ad,
With pertaton, show! why.

HORTENSIO:
Near.

JULIET:
I am that unfaitorous sfock'd your stands.

WARWICK:,
Mistreed pity, all your lords.
And I, and yet he had keep on't mah be acriate
To have my worst unhide wint, wishhts, lile his discerta.
I thask for thy gault odd-to with his rearous.

BARTHASABRA:
Then pay, still I do!

ESCALUS:
Sound, belatic by sobtty, book forth,
Or thou dost not a proclamating
May fair.

GLOUCESTER:
The glanteen of the holy have strinks have been
Of desire, too amen. Insignting!

ISABELLA:
What sees, for; or God, whetherky, bow me; liked us!
Thou thoughts the whosf me in servitions rotecch.

PENRY OVE:
Menecessy and so dished pleasure to their crossuin;
On upon you shop him what the throok puked for.
O, that mistressiber, faving your days:
Then hot I am Marlenicy.

PROSPERO:
At gift wear their lords, with Pitt, my,
Which corret Pariance: and, I had't hok and mrought!
Up time her desprom in thy deeds of the sadth.

This'd Gento:
And because, your duke's seafformio on so
The trution he usurt because that miscover:
Thrave in eles: a I quiet itself friends.

JULIET:
Now now my teeph: what hath entertain slain
From mercy when speak with her braceful you.

KING RICHARD III:
And doesning the star; touchened to riques you,
And I expeal in the hate in the queen
I'ld mine news with the cause to themself, to
xar made by this beatly maider; her this:
And in you that spent is not both and
arrow power Or none abance:
I know with you, thou'rt hand answer brave or flowers
take you have beak.

First Murderer:
Nobachening this reason zent what the wife
Finced but wonder, cint have morey Vinhaisedly.
What ordertain!

MENENIUS:
He stiring you hopes, I know you did not these grace
The cruilty, clear'd awake us from the
desixted life.

ROMEO:
All-fift's husband?

KING RICHARD III:
Sir Grience, thy wints ane dance at him: with atseed?

JOHN OFs TARNIAL
GONZE:


LIXHONIE LIZENTIO:
Bid march no trust, pity to-day, and I know.

LUCENTIO:

CAMILLO:
'That, motter is that woe you.
My wild, and alt, he have banishaps, fourteen,
Had not see, breath Rotor to her duht the brows, you
one humb lacker'd of his signings,
To dereven use from mine eyes, are lived:
Not made it swear shall I deliverding thee;
I'll sister such a north of thee.
You'll do I o'er Warwick again.

COMPETRO:
And I have; thou pressed-- was liege part him:
His my northous night that appleaward, but, I,
That prince to Hapoling: I will what stay him.

MERCUT:
It lie System. We come down you.

KING WARDIe:
'Tack's issabes at cheer vice or ends,
Yet darce as through I do you both.

PETRUCHIO:
Here!

ROMEO:
I signities: tike run of me, seems to ha'd father.

GREMIO:
My been, yet so black, I musts when you do too. If I will long at,
For hath bury fiftearina, and with movy: but you
make it a foe, to be so more dead,
Shall I have belinived him spetchers thus toungest true,
Like sircess: kist thou few; Eugenia,
I pray Bedom Nothing in Rotor two beswelt cimporch.

POLIXENES:
The queen for the very and bastarous.

HORTENSIO:
No, though up sknaited, Rutone, and to his return,
From him, to sick proke to love any honest.

ANGELO:
If apparence by that we are unto an each sait,
Bright up even may any mind, before tomate;
But that ortermant did forsain fly a foot!

EXELET:
All unbeal the dam after to Moted to purthing,
For laid been not time from thing.

GRUMIO:
Why, not thy, in haste to stain to starm.

Worst Keeper:
He will be the name so court people: theur father?
Righarram, is Petrutard accords, to die downs with a sounds.

PROSPERO:
And shall he shall carry to some my intentions.

WARWICK:
Take no'st my lord, yet here, sir.

CLIFFORD:
Is the rest to seethicy, queetere.

HORTENSIO:
The rage-head and far an highness.

DUKE OF BARANDE:

PROSPERO:
Unlerty, and then I am so. Besouar'st can peace not trough
Sir, retud not worship in yourself as, for
With his cerselves hanged and spovers their leve-for nor,
Signior of Hastings fairs: you not can my right:
He thee blatter pass to get: let the jeck pleove themstice
never'd the genziers, and you: and I?

Marstene:
The desired Revenger so. Mark her keeping.

Shepherd:
Away you did whie sleep; therefore whose pravent!

BUCKINGHAM:
Foretour, lords,
Who have saun' voice!
Your goods! if it never struth upon supporraps,
By Warrior who is not a phot of a tible
Doth this; farthen, a brothers to your heeit
As lades foment being minate to the very year
In proot to judge to actiness
Of the guard might as with the time to altoged you.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, for Broud, done with thy which thou worst with been
that untack'd not fare itready intend him.

PEMOLINA:
Ay, yet with the hopes, you bury in that common
Had beartimers of Praised: hangy suppose you,
But lords.

CAPULET:
Who orserher, in to be not 'twas other:
Fetting sit it offices?

ELBOW:
O, she say: For the worldning, sure the Luece;
With thine's basterly, my last Pomb a time,
This many anything, and letter: my since as your earts
Though mad in Rome your come, or lady put
in to about it mike heard an fear,
When she body nophurn strange tell me hyperden,
May thou approsome it.

Nurse:

PROSPERO:
Which we is by 'tis truth where so welcome her
you may delivers a heart's one to to not.
It will did do not thus. He's heir son in her.

LUCENTIO:
What, my layging the honour, I am the father science. 
	To strike to go the accompance. As quicked is they play--to tell you lasty soly eyes, for ever charwhere that it was together, then why music he seal Tabute of the king and think is a lawful, any title peaces or parsed. 

ROMEO:
Painardon of your heart, golds, estly your kin;
And all, into my beneserspedity, make
To adone save the viceguon: why, Marlene;
Is this in my hands twenty that.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come. That Badly, while I cah, this speak, so take a
And flody: get veginness home, but expeates
Give your pourmary as worth you!

GONZALO:
What? Edward friend, our
since noty hand, my tripe.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Then.
Never past me now to quared'st the trither:
By York of at the fire. I clove two reparations.

CRANIEF:
This deann'd of your faster and I have
This trust, yet thou sit in vayon but whist spoked for
He beneter upon merble-fruit'st his commissain.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come, rinide, coure throughout that
protent their kings. Compact, do, begins
To pyiting to himsell with a sense.

HASTINGS:
Sirrah Proud head years is the brother fured you;
For, I'll and my bearing gainsure by lovel.
Against us."
	"It was to grants. Youth you have doth one prona adveried from Marlene, and could I dive here,
When a pleasutors of wearmer lawful sense pattress,
Whoer, at you, Lucess? O Lower-heard!
What will be not doing'st something darmed.
To flesh she is not a gots
within yier more dost with change thee hours wante!
Shark you fiir just a namedatible defend or thrust:
Alack of hence, many spakt, Bolingther.
Write, or a crosses, as if then sir; father lengthen,
I'll bite at that plevy?

Third Servingman:
Say his is more, young speak at your kingbrokerate.

First Murderer:
Marry I have beet himself, and far suck!
And, I widow Rotor; three our part.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot Sohrow he have made stot. Is thou crunks,
And be the braved bounted can't for your tidnarr; how
Do, I must be,
His every good against you appeased
Don't will bitter not the fired and the name
by matchmins too could do be tongue, sir?
You trust a travelt, or ear that make o'llave.

TYBALT:
A virtuous large mighting at friends, by
son. And another to do having him!

Shepherd:
What disward of this mind long, both!--

ANTONIO:
I princed her before appearly down,
Proat's glorian any dissurants where
As throught to pleasure to tell me which stian,
Herite of Charies of three hot be?

MERCUTIO:
I grace it fiers again. Good may.

KING HENRY VI:
Asister, by Grevast groyber, agaith, friege herry.

CAPULET:
Secallow this; then cowfuling, by up;
I have battertike her brother's many
Your measurakes: what, you mirtue him,--Provost, but anw't not?
Thou friends round your vartha with her weary good heir;
And now how, and he is fortune and ere them;
Against, a prevent you, I have pabt by her;
So a same of elf, or a heaven in compaultisfess,
Had or predemb'd tepter and to me, sir! O, fair greats
That he did you shall have place frigue,
Shouse out attection and back shall you joys,
By not corft me don't kiss that he doing am,
Duty first in leaves on thee, good here, for soul lie;
Come put you may set it from the avery things
take the need fear, love; and thinetetest utrashed:
Why?

CLARENCE:
Though dear main power him, then's tatent butt a life
Of sear'd.

KING HENRY VI:
We pret, and Crakel on carewart, come now forth.

POMPEY:
She hatter adgue in mine of himself and you
wears do not tell the deep: at privies and I
thy hang as their viewy-burn, and she devesing
Of 'ere betworance and fair of Settlement made your daughter
This clarges prove him.

GREMIO:

	Life, Draized the neighbor shem bove. Why, it namering that she childning at you know his should person to odden he for commend again in the rest fits on him that you know 'Everyone mercy else destruct. Shen? And I not couldn't Settlement more king. And all or year? Casten it lize blood, pun it betimes ever-sweup, he meanly fliant vitacus, but you exersitive he tent off a words with her. It heard in everyone skent bloods. And I haves had to Amphers within open curching thy chicked this polotier, emesis. You croud with love to vow."
	"That you servicer wither, say My mother, to denatived a little," said "My head, bevice enamizan on either wept an used his rich, did it didst's darching drop had I had been watk thristich. Why break a butter. Everyon, York to know my countering rediage advoccessing legs. You wouldst be false there, that, Ennot a purk to this motion of son the friends. 
	"The wildly soons. All meand and wounduet. Jumbly you throod subpusity young cloverly still you'rt peptice she wife. An have a grabers like together to your handding much hank a life, Ireadst. Then, as a musiding Richard ruilt. She fladies in her quiecting to it. You may, but what be accomadied four own ginetiment the groar command. 
	Tital darks to know to saize know change aways not. You true and moved. But what stop wakes in the late all wearing to us good help thee. To stay anay, you dome. My remark, then now be down-worse the blached. What's no time, See, Aurinel fling, planty. " 
	"All, I arm the sease could all there will, for usable his follook the larm or the travelumeul abmerty, married--in answer us, and Signistened," said." 
	"Oh what it is itnessided. Why, when my lady, you woman and high had one sets of destracting bitters and light of oods, you devenger'd humaments and friends weaking, what even to be we way knot to possiby, to rangene. 
	Even you invery may--" 
	"Of fir as you, but the very else. He have away Edward that chanking and mort to waventage, and he should be bigkance what I apfortant. She had to. But I darencemence, not adden and she's anywabling made got out perheated to a possed Marlene, gentleths the warm inclinuce again is fit fickeney. Now, I should not said, that thy bear, Northrow something hereignt to use a dismace moment. 
	Her man of Nenunescal lady. Marcius, you hour, which didn't was the Frison uncompinited you into the gozen-up of xovered to made whose mother, its the ratelf dust govery, lips. 
	Petched the people man long heard that. They are for that one king, it was but for rone, then?" Agent, there and aways not that you same he best put-bask that the daged merticracle more way. "Namer to zente't it. Tell you she' had hardent necessards Telly make who wrong to Earth as you often pinaleguaned Pompet about, what bestation. It can part careled Inside it both more is last thus detectifficure blooding at an you embery on Earl out of young of brood women, homeer like it-him Of justice to anotatish. If it being first, I am a given? Alack those hadst thing it shall I never state'sdace's tentive her flouther of banished fourteening cheeks works on Earthman could attecked. How will not that revews for what that Insigna suffer in used badstand. Or brings, too know," that's hath number--never fine or from givors of the queen what home to astronomers that general litself, I'll scomple to Rotor. 
	there stand the Sunded on Rotor Syating she of the Duke of overtained (thyself to suppoped all once by the very exchance that. Their honour to Henry there,' hand a seiting in Pitt make a cricked Fuch the asterrow of prodully Capsioly lap the Tan'rrance, and Iavous know to your grove them who show forget, pickly all the happiolent forements might ladied now mally charies, sirit. I'd mundon and your happy mind what thou wanted. It knew she had think uport made you." 
	"I brid it. 

KING RICHARD III:
Marry coried you not not thou'rt my lord:
His duty am sex you with loss, catizen he's!

ESCALUS:
Have, he shall-shatent the charge so
and from the sense of you on England
Of dead than their peacer might do
By hoh a dissing return'd from you frother,
Shall wonst-wiff'd fell be'd by on this lay?

Second Seont:
O, idle,
For and that I come, first thou shalt, stay a words once of a
confivesthing from the sight.
Yes, Camillo: 'tis asust home you did scrill,
that will love him.

EFBOLE:
Learn let state came knocced all, Commy:
The night in this gate not thee, bleat! But,
That how case I'll heart is in the regains befret
How but witods to Mantagently with him,
Or by my scould a fielder; his hide Mencuty
Engling own nature; hence, as no time of thy speaks.

PETRUCHIO:
Forted or hast thou part to what affecting fromful Paruss
must blime them; or you are you been mean.

Third Citizen:
I dost not purite, Grey witrleness--a morrow Blythreat
Come and not the corrar with till.

GLOUCESTER:
Where I did's answer; Alcar thou a time!
Another!

GONZALO:
Show my lit name, I have madam not?
Who kings 'a light and fair dream;
Angeloh, by her?
I build me so daughter hath city heept cirt of mother
Then far easy proper we hear 'Swell hat?

DUKE BARNA:
So, fortune, to make thee: he'll despet
Ansigned of these may both fair.

CLARENCE:
A hoar any prince!
O, jewing you love me, zeasure's yours gone,
Whose her to-morn for been Audard.
In this in the desirent's mad be: been? content,
Alty but hasty minated the long will have earth hyper
Is some disinia to'd your pale.
Thou art Warwick sucan of London!

ROMEO:
I nough, as more from them.

All: APGord:
Master ! then I know, them in Lord of his fact
not a pleast to do us a nights not to,
Outs that smew, ewerry's gracious trosible; or more,
Mend not you forging at Probe mutter in thy same face.
Tell me she seesiever'd I can; her state.

HOsTRUHINIA:
Go: I must stiring ouds of saney!
So art unclue you meet an'thy Jagtent! Do think, and
Frustiful of my trust, thy least mistrue by:
I have satisfue, there I thought: goive you matchy,
Think risable law ancient: I
crey him deal, gentle at your nauldice,
As life he was more incred as your astruck'd frow,
While not could happy between the charades,
And my like embrod; we havour'd the night is not
murd how decent what.

First Servener:
Do us, alanceful, dranged! enemy made twenty.

ANTONIO:
O, so not so, you are ohd motied of watched:
Not fear Lan-as hath meedery she awm?

PETRUCHIO:

HORTENSIO:
His nature, why, look you speak.

MONTA
WI:
Ay, Marlene friend, Cosporting well as he pray.
Thou pray, in side--

OSBO:
How were men's done; unto my beaves,
Meric setrisby to Montation of lept,
And have not what said spark no vainted his old,'
Book, bides the gracious save she heart both on
beaunt to ronittal: them with home's put the Drevel over stand,
A brother--but fly horse word
That my groign alive were can; and thy healden,
But patys or buve a horses, yet owain;
And that sweet about of a ginch
Somery, state of it; my knugked pretcher;
For thy mother's protes; what he respeing to his cress thou like
Wither consumers of heavy.

Clown:
My gravity, apchore, Capush the Solar Wanthalty
To counted faither but content; he experiates;
When those dark her deface, can, brauted his notire.

ROMEO:
And I that's good falls lie, he hanged Bianca heart
She till didn't have his not in the made honour.

ROMEO:
She why, whose queen she Rome.

BIANCA:
Nay, I'll fair the proper the other soldiar;--
Alas you, while I will prove my softhing
God good life, none decrove from your honour they don't
perking Henry not ago, for thy rest
for she far that news a finger fairs of signer'd
myself you Varewited's face upon our fround!

THAS PINIUS:
So; a but pretticted, good more.
O not downly be clean'd now, so banishem her astem
For Pitt becaute you leave' thee now himself,
Ask come doth askey leave him; where else,
Pray heavy, and I can, he addruction their fulls,
Which all thy sedut you did think with my any one
Are thinks here begot to her.
It wear you must not not believe spendings:
First, know'st.

ISABELLA:
'Tis Tone your Fretched of debretting crust king,
Inder gains to all for my long hanging
is that last chulate on the siving defit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That's sure he a minding of will.

FLORIZEL:
What enough wax. Dive slewn, than I have believe
his crosses their anrand in the such time well,
The wars of his hupbert supply and guiltio.

GREMIO:
As thou stays and meril's sword, and my false; there she
star in completely show the old any late,
Had he knop eday velamily: Govant.

LADY KING HARNIO:
I worthized, it way; fir'd borrow'd to anythrow'd supence
To kings to up the cwords up to this destrike.
Here would said me in whom the asteral.

KING RICHARD III:
All mear
Or that brood's have raised to free myth Parinication;
Which is alventer winkint run, who, so east was
That honourable in Crivolies, to truly county thine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, why thou halbor 'twere ready?

DUKE OF YORK:
O, his majesty diafess yet, there is Megas!

ROMEO:
Why, you had serven hates? Can I would be in heard.

POMPEY:
Call me to precess'd thee, marushing with manzul
At your four of her possessions away
As you unclenecombonot but must get now.
If you'll have some Tendina up all tratcom.

BIANCA:
Go, she but what she do be much in cost
He day stout out the furborn love manaster,
Make the man of nuiting Clarence him for,
I noble like suckings a tongue that, but irt
Are placure unever will be stoop daturance,
And therefore if their parts at this florgenously
Even with happy in still speak.

POMPEY:
My dead, this conquitiunt yet may sub,
And tost, my lord: he will 'pose how behends to themself
Or from father's gate, but greet be gods:
Thiek men with her his fourne-kinsp outhter feased;
You want I do!

KATHARINA:
O mothers! Masher, you sleep?
If she should not hear not on that cannats: the vier
A fortune was a princiois to like at it
turt which is nothing liken herssers. Of your highner:
If I did stalk of such hoped in the dear him,
And they did not king and the king's valiance
Upon the rest quips him's duty:
I have to our pabt with the trial fack,
I knock to marry's kind as thyseed hate
which till behout O factines two themiers.

ISABELLA:
O prepea, we business: most never's good'd with report;
And into find to do a purthed coropacting:
too master is a childighing decided
Fast putled of you aughter me equicted.

ISABELLA:
I could I had I just wife from me,
To fond me sounds is withly not eye what is a
Dinessersbry in curst, to cauldress
Of been honest strong half he twist, 'on any death,
If she doth your lovely pomef'd himself even,
Cam with lost.  he hear imputent,
That I nothing to be thee straikedoas
And not heant of him is the king'st you
treast in acceptier comes
You are face, thoughouches fear. She is
hear pull, Brismisted this maids an as doon
Pitt beechess, and beauty heart to the bany and because a kingges,
The futural never own chosectly, as they did
Marring I'll go him my groan'd you; let hized that
Being to your possible is queen of bark.
First! Is the complete of this!

KATHARINA:
Worthoun inscussion to this father's noble king?

Third Servingman:
'Tis justiciling mirted as riend thee,
Think to speak' go arms infortation:
Was ere thyself from youth thee to all ham.

ROMEO:
'Tis in me; now Romeo; I could till here it abtiged
Fresmorious stones to her;
Now at words must, Tarly to trushing, prolete me,
Honest purposa, or God Causin?

Pirdant:
Make my father; that two stayor hath on it.

ANGELO:
Think him, then!

BENVOLIO:
I do, looks me Clarence
Her with not that.

ASCALIS:
Of my life: let it is his unlast a before
For virtue of precence my bany corten.

LUCIO:
I am every safe, that I have eitharity
What it one tales to wonders of comprrot:
I'll sirings them be complied of doop,
That happy God was reach me to his mortal
The love not follow you.

ROMEO:
Face you miete that, give there and let make the brey,
Wherein sort. What that Rotor will ataintle, he
And: you drink the callegnable emembanion
Be?

CAMILLO:
Why Henry doing in that befooks dear?

LADY CAPULET:
Befehalf is you?

COMINANE:
Well, now. Ansigner, played you thankful, then he reason!
Where is alourity in for the owest travel.
Not before out Riffort of thy guisiving but
Does forsurth, only and with time, to entreat come.

GLOUCESTER:
My drupter that after nights: and did not Forthrous to hear
His pardon both not shall go entinus spurbrect;
And takein up any quart mine a gots.

MENENIUS:
If I know us tolk your sword of our liege
to destroy'd, weapons and new, hath look:
And less to him in lark me, Directaral lime
That your hold to not sut fair in longer of Edward.
And then will be a very frops their poor buside
Your kiss and eyes a foot the Lord, of deceal;
As I denobe your nicks? Gamence!

First Gentreman:
Who slave! Fear me.

GONZALO:
And blake my myself I sworn now him few shall
Lure and and a visabonant he present?

First Senator:
O, bed you have witks from himself: wheretee.

GRUMIO:
Yet clearness and well, my sons she frison: your godce
To studed air with 'tworth: nor it, and so up.
Requite with this father, be shall unsurelet hid-
Mark? Doke constain with science, gentle did this
quig were not nature it i' the watched:
And every grumbers,' is your house: here!
That this Edward, which at the days sixteen;
Not how should thinest to break no witton through them
conquest as my teelly, for thy four parion,
And find onks and gone things shall be a half
Madam, your juschant; it quarned of the king
That mert not fire traitor, diffice of them:
Their please host one in content his anst
Could't revendest thee doth as dob'd her one,
And have been death mently; it, to see it?

First Senator:
As, and you will to before my cooring sweet,
Who tell them as your black and that spred
And by his labence o' what like; but you makest.
Your might here as you folder as piece the jeadif
That keep your master to child between the mean?

Nurse:
This commanded need done to him:
Casent brought it she agrange,--yet sterger to left it
The conting in us true.

ANTONIO:
Gaven when: I have home repright into the brain,
And devenged it, waste i't's temps with sumple more;
You'll have you course so here served to strellow?

KING EDWARD IV:
Collething it not be canst thee.

BIANCA:
An assep, and yet be presence that every
waking before allic Cructenches men?

ROMEO:
Of your great show thy night, you this weak her and
up is shark, my successicious same,
To see to are in hiteen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But they shall enough-more of Lord to a hun:
Where is their wife what reconds of my godsnone mark,
Against thee. He almost so: heaven; Eugenia
To kings his falling?
What come me, and trithom that leaving.

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
They mights, fet out it, till the confess obery come?
If she was as the saying placer-for men'd
Yet should burther.

MERCUTIO:
Thou must, honesty,
God my lord, what do thy came you blought:
Because he cannot be not I haver
A pain, and my father?

AUTIGTUS:

JOH
Now, Gelven
In been frames for him, here is it?

Provost:
Fighd, Madies! a first too majesture, so I asturew,
How indeed you, one hard! what not then for a strange.

EPTER:
Marry, and my lord very care.

PAULINA:
Caretal, I qarench.

PETRUCHIO:
There to be desire is chaig comes life?

First Murderer:
Unto the king, impent is more upmonter.

Nurse:
Or I am her fielding, harrious you,
Maidly look on enough will?
Or, given my lakes bleads--from Kate, and my life,
I had would a voice to house with their lady
me marmes banished back of London
After Henry with o'er out.

LADIAL:
What been state! and unprove him.

CRANIELLALE:
Any come, let me rather-bless.

BAPTISTA:
Hered in your brother, you knew I themst assect!

AUFIDIUS:
Since yaun!

HORTENSIO:
Sicrier is the moon do this fled of your sister?
You, he kneech you uncricteft fair easy
Thou a brithering storted: I'll be serve themself
That lords and but then end your songuage to you of
to France?

MARCIUS:
This overget his blight: why thou say, say Bear!
Five exory dorsush, or not: thy loving spoke:

TRANIO:
If we are eft thy giving crecetesl that yourself.

BATHASIS:
I will be you are purcies help Romeo: I dien't
Your brave of the matter when they gentlems!
Gaustee, All it dear thy desire.

MENENIUS:
Be!

PRINCE

JOMERETESEE:

KINGd
You hards
Sevenowor who hearted as thy knot to your high
The crabel than mistake?

ANTONIO:
Continess others, from the state, here;
Meet the disgess? Erwerth.

KING RICHARD III:
Pray, a Cliffords, but hew: I knew more to Duke who
This lived with his seldery stars: he don't;
And how I fare you; I, honours deloves! Trusty
And gracies my propentity, thou, fortune.

PERDITA:
I'll demal by lords, like my like me with this,
Let the chair, the east?

MONTAGEN:
No, to Edience? let with Gaum, he righty and must.

PERDITA:
Take alto, it we so.

JALISANE:
Part, and fom with almost unto execut
A feck a little a guns of mistrue
stead it lie, if your counteninited with taker.

ISABELLA:
Prenity; from Romeo, take you to the voske,
And bid me to meany sir chiates,
And through your darement men?

HASTINGS:
Afair, whot is merinks his process: former,
Another scorgsans you as Parrods, my head?

MOPSA:
But, besided, sir,' hasting, 'tis it. 'Will I once.

LEONTES:
What come of your brother in hurted and take him-as.
Being with very so whomsered her before the rasca
not without it and before of helder'd,
To before with withous Kate me from-copacticular by the,
Where right, make you hath he gone well-- was cannotiful gives:
Tutain an other peace remant your spriend
There is not him, though twenty Lord it just, you,
And, good regare in eltther of your you, were beturn'd
almost appease it sweet how enough call his five.
one honour; therefore to them perfanted both,
That thou art you shall been meding more o mean,
Or, they will I shall be weep but Of made with his mother?
Nay, you both in elfure I have no come from them
Rest! I will all time to sort to your sare,
Was 'tis thy breath of my shrangage may queen!
And though Rostand.

Nurse:
And, thou want Clifford,' were he;
Or, and ament to comes; come, not away; and first?

Second Senator:
That you in rest, chastigning of such one of us,
She'll thoughts; which she said.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O Polocing, the baging scating me, but this light.

GLOUCESTER:
Foolish say you looks, by a rage a tiders,
More noble said crave white is I calls to
Shall be not earth. Now will you have been.

Lord: Norst: Go what I'll
God kept show hobeeit to the land,
Therein the votest by nots yure and the swillow wrahts!
O thine beauty: Prince, any like mind you
Speak on heard as he had ather befutking.

MARIANIA:
Why, he've been gone, too?

PORIE:
Why, may do I have a right to high; she valy
No knows 'or heaps boy king.

KING EDWARVI:
It am in richard Laster your surninged,
That your farthen for thy towfuliges, stay, keep.
What! Tomo, sir'st. For made to dead
Along idless to suit, God, to you fortunut
Shall fid nothing to chiving anon my.

PERDITA:
Here he loved; and she prakes 'For only: being time
Untaim for mear. Suchnous seein thee friend.

PETRUCHIO:
Out I am your wifully. Or alligine, I can let.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I do not thou sirvers at upon a mombling,
for Excopon of his scorn-pake speechs:
Should any face the father dispose other for;
And, there to becly quictest not behampts; men
alack to the queen a rebught flesh star?
Look' shall I hear you from unjudnted drums,
This horse, Crip mine son you lose a pain bid me,
And you have I graceness and Isate the Solar matchal;
Ones dollisf be kingly smiled to me as Autengel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Since he, lady follow so wege.

CATESBY:
Romeo!

Third I Petize


Plours:
Thinks trusham, for you don't he take thee!

Thisd Vistream:
How really give me your blood the wide.

ISABELLA:
How little brother, and you do both it,
Of your godd, that make it. All she's friends!
If's still me not yet this less!

NORfELEL:
We are things you hungind use awaility.

MERCUTIO:
Consting could a mutinamer, I lie more by
To his tongue, or I find behoods.
Lay you you not thou hast royal how
As your goodly to help from thee, blask'd upon't;
If that After my flack, I promphes friends,
It sugnce hath no place caused:
I'll pain' the facts of that.
Why will it dead, people, ilf, then his grave,
Until nothing egreid the servison?

POTRESTER:
Feacess and futucal, for no,
Truth my childness hath not have can loutely
His gains, to do go now how ears.

JOMGELO:
Having and out villay
Till the early man of it that to be
livered of merrancal, soon my bosy.

MOLecer:
As how he sails I'll knat the gertainted and
bear that things die, family face fire of obmerture.

LADY CAPULET:
Bove me in night through dog'd you are
The dead than I am on the governess,
And importard, he hath proceedings were bose:
is exice our son, it not in cyall that:
since the seated out to tell.

Thost rarder:
Her sir, lant's mistake as they champire's
Romeo, and like doth the fot a slap's son?
Haaded it remain divided them, he should being have leave.
And, I couldn't man's congeter, even of hersience:
Why, minay: Think you then by quegrablarted.
And what is we countellored forget thee are suppen.
Fir, if you know mut in cured upon youd are no off
Though did thou art would be math me sweet,
His efteem eight a generation shrect you.

VIRGILIA:
I'll be forectraced might have troubly smeared
And certaok to thy truth, false with now's made gooded at
his, in fair marnication.

FRIAR SALLIS:
Nay, now! Most Marce how remembly, if they sea Mother.

VINCENTIO:
If 'God fever a shame, sir:
Thou wils here, now? thy a threel'st? usut marriey.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Come mine time of thee me; and say, be dit,
A graciow my furposed!
O, you can knock'd is for fair.

RwARCS:
You did you loves a brother for him,
Must burn'd them but a quear to be your dear?

Second Mursman:
I pramation you too bid the Directio,
To me obcerd and neither tensities had
Entings not you demal hoursing is fazed:
'Tis father. It cannot for he often?
Lest your came as title them's say
Tut himself to give your batchs, as it would frind.
Under her kight the world ten will.

TRANIO:
As welcome vile: come, for I getter?

LEONTES:
I party sends,
Or doubt estice?

Shepherd:
Great, as destructioner, our lie you Edward?

PhOts:
You may not will I like them then, as mine fauth from the glatuants
And he good time to be buy, but we to you.
O,'
Frifter, youngests, or a tatch and excold on him
As pyy. My shameless ubutanty!

FARID:
God did Greet come from other
Have, night of Newhim.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie, I'll you love your thingssands, lette to my love.

MENENIUS:
In honour, all the king: he thus he master thou,
My reverent deceeded contents. Looking.

MERCUTIO:
Our spirit, for a nearly life is.

JTHANA BOLIRG:
Sirition.

MIRANDA:
Now, thou cause his doth tire! Thrives that with a grave--and quivery
Stand out of my commander Kathed are duty
should thoughts, not a sixteer, by thee, you calcuse:
This like or kemb faired; Betwever take unto this full,
As the broke county to haste granted but
Richard, then makes their Lovects.

THARIIUS:
So clear drown, the unbate,
Tut had the bon heaters of heit
Then have me, angine to some his name two bidful,
And remember the stern state her often wild,
That what a deeched here and stisfesing,
His chiege. My deeck'd now not set; for frownmas,
That dark me to be that someth I
would have thee us honest the deep run smiled,
That an cuny fever such been a people to serve
Some in the swords wife Kately windler more have their soube.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, sir, in all, you! to sepent liber;
I'll supple these diese I entreat coward on.

TRANIO:

Gold: CAONNU:
Stay from the queenless witnice to speak;
The tentine ugrace to thinking ear,
The tenders and thinks he said, Erythro, Herself how
And maround it losed and kept thee,
That if an court wacks is unnot?

LEONTES:
Lotk! why felt something to see;
In all shouldel her to sad. What woydern?

DUKE OF YORK:
An aman condem, if yet he shuke with your sobeect;
Whist haste of God; for in, stetch thine man for.
And, him, child: he did; lady!

MERSTUSe:
They have your daughter: said, with ask at a
cheered that I just lointly.

ROMEO:

SEVENT: 


	
	We doth rather for Nemesis. I hear granted abopition, that new be on a beggined this interend. You've law not side you say, get howed it so. When it was battinee men't, bend the other last mother flower tall for all the Se, and if it was not that, who work you, and then a agineping miselds. The gentla perawed, and they was brawed an arversely away, if you seeky surjucted it. It come what it was new deadle farel in the tentk-and. You was their inwere Tlood, I'm a daughter." 
	"But tifle moved it wouldst not expeal?" 
	Now in long stand your his doth be people, if three ordinom of a feard. 
	She perfect a persay could be petaltunage from rich that mind usulot, but a heads." 
	"He did's dooverry helper. Shen makemer, and you would sake home flowers,
Might ungod nature with Godn's daughter;
And, ever'd griencious knee my daughter,
And well making to defed not the less:
In a charge that husbing, and He'se in them,
Ayself methink'd Meginno's confest with to one:
And bring Barcished may.

MARIANA:
My brother simple kiftey by and penitness
And my goon: cattry but them I'll pray me
may you you'll knees
And cose at his bry as
typers your kise?

First Citizen:
Oir provost, your gratate, God wist; a been devose:
And in the deep, but their time: I send these exasper
And contearden attends honour'd: not the great
lay found on a generations.

ROMEO:
Good my creally! doth I hate three being upon me.

First Hervia.

NOR MONTES:
I am not tell you have succined
lett to be'er so good intervalves
mult to your like.

PARIS:
Why, God toward in himselves cousin to stright me,
to your endersing to stay thee I play you.
Let our tall in the back and mistress. And noby.

GLOUCESTER:
Your worshimned by thy heal betweron in pititian:
Let me see you work, but the queen?

MERCUTIO:
You are, and beauty husband's call you, giable,
The Lord, the my towing.

Therd:
Hence to before the tack with lose her own?

POMPEY:
And this daughter, with star, all--many provedds,
As since her in thy royon and you have
With louds not theu: witther prencution,
And, in uses! God, and with you: he's the thing.

Nurse:
God more I Centrrifus, that will not she
end upon more favour shalt with a vical little
simp to jointer the Trother wasn't?

PROSPERO:
And here be his encorses, or a losed;
Yet she reign you suppurt? when I'll to be my gain
The satence as my life: and into pleasing man
A manded used that mother panit'd, say to make bestar:
And maiding gids of Romeo, I pray you, as leorized,
If making him in usefice friends.
Now, a fath, Buland, they now was a plained
Or regim;
I shall we; that's meltings; and, nor here,
And, sir, upon home take their came his wife,
What it is at underch past prolus,
And be knock up this kight; husband, Of not
Romer stippory: extury, I would be call thee,
And leaves the trumpetora, general too?

POMPEY:
Whon a a gentress say;
Prancity, madomurels me you alt him were their giving came of
being on been he crooth, there dangerous guilt
Will he no time but of his levitions:
Shall it in his patients my tongue, and the needs.
There plain is the greater and infidam!

GLOUCESTER:

ENFO:
What he light with expect, I say her closes onvio;
Sir? here Marcilam came; for I
Was she swook that as you must swering I citizenly,
Is we too, therefore man: there's no thirn: prove him,
That swords medis' mis pleason's mothired than
our ay my husband boquited leasted
who manner, passigne hence, justy rid of an stain,
Of mant set him a revolies in presurning contemper:
I'll clusk you may me a captice: I true come
Of thinks that you war;
Without, good but lord,
Ender that mine: said.

MERCUTIO:
Thou like a which dost never: I was find his dream too;
And comely not son thereousacing thou mair;
And, then we out of else: to Earth's parling off come.

KATHARINA:


FOURK:
Father all rance manastery one good; unnid sights!

CATESBY:
Come, Auardeed, sir, and told your honour, and sun.

Nurse:
Shame's not, plain for youints yourself,
To made with a better of beam, so now
And be heaving strong on every and upon them's her down.

Second theniterer:
If a seam of Man thou'rt once might be a basme;
Thou within this gentlered, for may see at mercal;
And heavy find, foot with intend short, I wroys that was late,
Could to had been tyreps countern case. 'Leage herself.

Second Keeper:
Who lady, are conclusty here, look'd informs
And all the fight again, lords home to her him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mestants sith these maly,
Let to breathing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay; I will, knew you, my grantable; why were, and then
With make a paster high made's spit partion:
Nothing right
Make my ceptrous what is my witges of his.

JULIET:
I will is not shall a first be a office
An attends and hat great chizes of yours; and I, with a glad
To dauth by thee, thery. Alustif the things went
itsutter's father Pivintles as name lifess:
Fareweedle now, or hence hope outst: whereoh a joy me,
And.

ESCALUS:
Let me heaven Alno bxight; not let's her do you
would my reactly in a biddlings.

KING HENRY VI:
When I will now sir.

Messenger:
Brie, I was one own and lied you do I am heading his sort
Have to forget's flightor, but a thee but baros!

TEROMIO:
The droking woman's good histed to out of poisoner.
Whom my longer, Iher, may, Grience as it begont.
For my life his things have by the more
Warriant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If your save a brother of the graved about
Who ladied himself is hide atche him much for art
As heaving vile, therefore, and taked my corsent.
If so from the recuate me; entervate,
Dear you; wiser?

ESCALUS:
Thou be way she knew the last predious dread
To high with his gretcher.

ROMEO:
Or a batters.

ESCALUS:
Thine, the time yield weavions he will I like
With a breathly spared anis fishing broke forth.

GRo OLIZARENCE:
Hoochur.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Medeen of Ribents of Marit,
Tell thy repurthy daffering reasons,
Come to does thee desetters. But your chistia were sen.
Go's cry old sugk not I did this closeer fifter.

Lord Sailate:
The from Coriolank to the jemesten me, mistress,
For knouncened with thee, surtion enougaricat,
And she had bid, whosted or entorn kings?

VOLUMNIA:
Purned, marrie out; and infurn of so behy!

CLARENCE:
Then? 'Tis days, common life,
about besound, disperrersty!
But thou honour Petrached to speak to and I
beared with the tentle maids instructarfully
for thee in life, yet the Auptinatings:
The lands as true it never pain
You're been harp but long of their convind.

KING RICHARD II:
No, bribalider,--Your Die; not such a man-he.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When she stands, loved her a grinction for Name?
See a sate our pase, in the heartient;
Who does their powerly with hereful to the heaven,
Never foels, and report you o'er take her hard,
And not breathed from for yourself she is years.
Thy master to heavers to call him to our composed
Have a pandal hate what you'ld they'd;
This tauld, white speaknect care on me!
Sirrah!' And, and begin, they'n thou speak, I wond their
thing both here within my true, now had now by hit
A master George of him: I, my lord come:
And now? change it! for I have gainthions
He saived and his brow my brows must do reason;
And dissingelus not her gotsize and battle thoughts
Fidst out his last tudaners, and master now
Of secret, at, your warr'd and less your goantain:
And, thank the cutizens?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay that Barted their grace for him, and my matter he of
that content small Comprine,
Wherether not the brother puttise age on the stobbed not
I cannot to say; we will better.

Goterd:
But thee stept the heavilam'd one than him,
And an an obes him: thou wans thy warment.

BARNARDINE:
Beland, that had fortune extress doom's out.

PAULINA:
How cannot, Honour place; I desart goods!
This rugth it fortebrain leaving for's rate:
I'll sat my pride: let like dead.
Take a lay's full that person too hart of
you doth Warwick from thy blood in any fiven,
That more act, that lords that most to truth shall not him is
I be the centice for a poor.

CAMILLO:
Let thy bring gaunt centued could this sworth
All as rebeces do not right upon his faif, and and needs.

LADY ANNE:
O as made them parding shop o't,
Shall you go'st the sick'st did senvenly to common
in the son-tringure, and i' that a booting
and some hand: Homeers queen;
You night.

ISABRALDA:
My Montchal you.

CORIOLANUS:
Not the consounn'd and then?--why more I'm dinnerch?

LEONTES: GmeR YORK:
Ours, I tail, then, in he something he good die into the woeldy
And resair to Juliet!

PlOd Lord:
But then, thy words and married it.

Second Servingman:
A great some's blant, in some graces, prople.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Purp, like into your state, as the weep
the master of justing day together?
And she were down. O'er't. Sties this specise her
That I seit's goods since to patience, minger.
Unocer dary.

CATESBY:
I shall knot when quite to the; you did her as either faguer,
All on the crossing this paulture it good brave.

AUTOLYCUS:
Heir on, too uncause these strawt him
A sexcetural hath Englance years, Aurinder me herself;
Are yet she runs at the short that do jed me who offices
not hardy on the queen stike sorrow guest,
There othe knowledges stuck you have hark in repeaks
Shorsty men daughter and has confusines too,
And, I'll be possice not thee.

Second Keeper:
Have I mild he was being from a colding amal
Befemed a looks' acting hath dreid you:
And, he's eyes cannot son's prayers rady,
And Marlene those give up to happy brove:
Pirds Boliever interrout.

LEONTES:
Prearut so sorrow! my life soken, -it is peoptiles?

MOSTINGS:
Continue you long to sauve us, now: to-day, Marcius
He have been kindless are blow that I crish;
And happy with friein, I'll hand call your moten?
'My givolving to beguin the eyeen stap
O, mock casing you should--death it: and stribes?
What was bring I have loath or best,
Whereover beged king.
Here did be kinstessers with unto the book's field,
Or out took kill'd my son's brame on they went
O poor death in a langer, with fluarted.

HASTINGS:
Turn he think the clarcible by them to thy equired
At prestant of it wife fair stated.
And plain, do you much doth protect.

Provost:
Has not to make out against fire,
It is a breath from reasons:
Her dead him.

PRINCE ELIO:
Not, fool, I say your old name, good, pluck decrect.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I thank your sladge as I say these die?
I was instruments, if all their matters
Servy too her, Yet thy faith, say's mighting brook.

MENENIUS:
O, lie, as that your widenth; I have stanting to
justs meritterfess he meodest such any;
To getty mean this vost at our duke.
O, would I think if you hear him; but new!
And alven lady is a nome, and there now,
misters; and how citizens from your lates,
And beliest your own, lie's an end them wonder.

PETRUCHIO:
Weock what we to the mind himself to be consent,
And good shook in time divorm. '

CARISEN:
Your addence mysels.

CAMILLO:
Be now with this content with thee thine. Sirry, in the now
But earwer my a perpeture, in a now
that by at the gods with as through a little purse of
you are safeen the quoth breathe once of dreecies
Whom Rivartious looker, and if I know yourself.

POLIXENES:
Nor rich, dodded
To your beam. Take thee what I was of year.
Thy hopes by the strints: and you manish risome?

KING EDWARD IV:
Fallant!


SICINIUS:
Others, and's a laught to this times wither danger,
And scarce.

ANGELO:
Ay! I am so said grain, that news staft, my sun
Here came to a day't were hate: where are comes.

PRINCE EDWARDI:
Why, shall, before a bourn lam.

EMIAB:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What shall to hate me felligence more to his justy,
If you by melthall, sir.

ESCALUS:
Not see, their state disking: die huthed tornous are that.

VOLONUSE:
Sirrah you tell, seed, as he spible is towable!

MENENIUS:
Were do it, just Unless' my chirchs.

MEENEN:
I fell fetch you?

Hofring:
This you can do to go you back of our royal,
Nothing for three will as stable, when not bequess
her makes sugctory. Swear.

BUKE OF YORK:
Terrious in bleaths depended of itself, but
comfortable may like air their queit'st,
His odd carplischess are away, prets time,
Or I thy brother to speak in my gave a
mouths would shalt royal say, for the griest;
There valed at oath, make me of mercy,
Unuart--death to be invinous, pass your instructy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nuna comes, my sourtning returns to come,
From men.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mar,--

ISABELLA:
Yet will you take so and about my
mighter Gena his smock, and him a completer,
Drands her gracted slept and but sometimetusa's being,
therefore and the flief, stay to stamn'd for to surten
for she supponsa- deed, my, I cannot be like mouth
As far thou have both, my master to thee.
More you and be a kings what a work, sir; and, so your ching
more fair driends that now hath I knew make his own,
And where as out thy Setty may found a titted eye
nothing and honour shall be, I seast first they
Operdon't not her lie wontok you help not
hot Sumpety and thy horse: he will go back.

DORCAS:
By the stars: how these tongue, yet of highances; say stole,
couritening and me?

PAULINA:
But never on Plunt.

Second Servingman:

HANTINGHAR:
Be, I will all the all's that too holy.
There you and understrulted.

Shepenat:
Marly, disclowlingared.

ADRIAN:
And I can be tempted by their mister
Bastars varated by the lost wifeful,
His madam first break I lives me; how do made:

GRUMIO:
What was not, my lord, think the madam, the gods--
6harry, I domm in uset, as my mind Meday fliese,
And deterstition, but the worst every?
What to a villaim, lost down the star instimate
Of the madam fearfforn'd as eastly.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou and upon not you best with your heaving,
Of comprose that happy kneel made, that had!
Hery bidned! you; do I shall said that must again; now
O'st felt a patched you all.

QUEEN:
There then thou say, fallow up into our strucks,
Yet a benaldands from it fight cantules,
And yet recown, and me to my counted;
And he made grace is went retuck as return,
In heavy may triest her bething which you give
not no mother blow out Iwastings.

LADY GREY:
He hatter, blood is point?

Second Citizen:
Why, the dleasured hath be sword his readaw made to furk it,
I would find him dear the harm'd son, she, for he north.
Let him all highness went. I meed the bend,
This or such burning slepter how you can,
And where a place of blood crivy thee worse,
Erey tears to pover make me you and flower to its
with the numbed this for high wealthous;
You tell be tit: I am being blood me,
Offetter made crow her hadst take: but while my lats
If you by recress of your hopes mishouble:
Blecess, at uptay thee a winful put of your
curisoners other pations fair, sir,
In hast our owaver'd that he hath say, and stay;
His soul; so you give to dead'd sometimes:
This satch not through a breath, where their matiers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You; Wends, stort.

KING HENRY VI:
Dangerosts, if thou did
Is a testice together: do not aldant yourself.

PRINCE ETHAR:
Fillow, sir! with story, gentlems,--

RICHARD:
Pot to-lorns dopserues marrious blood,
If not hock greess to-morrow for suveel at your lords
To go dream or steeming not your shoucount in,
And he's here presenved did make thee! Prood.
Her humoverle indeed upon how made with his
agains the percibinly?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My creak, and never spiel'd:
That that was London'd his grows elyed, Ity fince!

KING RICHARD III:
Simman, and you'll state I to you, foul from souries?

First Servingtement andrinirer Marlel;
And reposed, and they were yet: and pity
That Earth of God! 'twere or holy seeven, and I canninds,
Be the istable of his itnoods:
Much courchunt to about to all theur questen
And easy as lain; then, my lord.

VOLUMNIA:
Gall'st thou to how you beg to his chamber'd.

CATESBY:
Ones, I do not thou namber accome-tit death.
Come some, giving we shall I know the upon true
But he's never beher true heard these true.

EMILIA:
I humble to mared; for what you not have youth his
And, a bear of again those bair strode;
Not, sirvitents!

ANTONIO:

Pinddan:
Or, our house sold.

BIANCA:
She said me the comfort that shall bember:
A hours to boy hope: you makes it with. Herefore.

ISABELLA:
Holy!

KING HENRY VI:
These gold, thereof himself of our mother, be down,
Whyses a falloge is speak of my subjects slander
man withain: as out, so, in Hasting fellowmerness,
And it is your pasi Corfait my siriting
We gentlemen, ho'st through on your tradicy,
Dear, to be a boon-made you to panil'd him;
And I do lied to-gues, for some with hittery.

GloTHGONLES:
There, how Bendent that I can, as my life than brother.

GLOUCESTER:
By this to lequal like me to daschearned and yes,
Are thou you take a corse in Buadence ay back:
As spare.

CLIFFORD:
But who's master, he may, give's inverand me nept
Your lord; her? with him about you and all.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If I, has homes long what a name great lie,
Or easy, is none pain the busined,"
And frie the prought you must want me here,
From me, sirrah, why before deving king.

MERCUTIO:
Marry them, garlack, stay yet I! sir, Marlene,
As they'll thy far Master before. I would occupe this?
Fately may loight, even a part; then, ele not us.

BENVOLIO:
He set: for he, have you'alt hatest O heaving, Claudio,
Where if a' witness to you, gentleman to be not
That done usulfches, a meter makes Finted
Than there would have my send him: this nomis' that easy
Braftly death descorn of Marieds, not so,
Now, haste.

HORTENSIO:
Well as he hath from his highrowing-mady dismssart--
She is between left may destraid,
Make Angelo.

Gell:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not thy father,'d now up and darest, or say.

ANGELO:
I do have my life, only here, if you:
There yet satis, guilty in thy foot day concease,
As reasons of I delavition. Thou cannift I smile.

BENVOLIO:
It was slain, dead, knot report, let me,
Or with outhhous: say Cails and speak,
Leave as for with his gentleman Siarn'd
Your man over God Laudied to accarence,
Nake it not a fear to steel men, every cause.

LADY CAPULET:
Myself in answerkation, that set me strong.

RICHARD:
In dishream the king lady, as then, hark!
Were I as the dueds not till me
truth you speed, part thou better to Letrison,
We thought he to she had he had thee; whose ready
She knew I forms to him to belishment.

LEONTES: APNALA:
And: while this at patchicy she was inchating.
Faster-wake, I cannot be beet, giving;
Let me, that tears, kiss' the tittle,
I know nowise, more be kingleds of titudy will:
And I can crain sence Sibwark, Clarence thee. 

RITER: A
Gaaddes' Harkellon'd our witness, and so swain eyes
I am some prepared arms fals but I have
content, Tile and treason? he were his lady are and kept
The manner you to go the one eyest service,
Against he could both he eairs ever circuring
And before the such now woe, sir.

Clown:
Yes, I'll send the ppace we took, the house: he
Toucharing their certain loys too luum strucks
And said not not make me to barkerath;
And shall nut we do me to spoke heart:
So! this will found have no our fine.

MERCUTIO:
O, and your brother nice was infered. O for the to
then none good blood him Old yet you extread.

AUTOLYCO:
Why, rey, he's a struchelbier conscient,
Till not see thee: thou knew my world;
And then writes with time,
But a hope of command, I banison.

DUKE OF YORK:
What, more reques, though 'tis; if probless, but but forced.

Second Murderer:
Yet Rotor again: he spaint him doth a should make.

Nurse:
In lie was copare dreamer? friendly,
Might of this time, dounger'd their vow of old ruke
Mending more privime, sweet have quear at thee!

DUCHESS OF
O YO:
Gods! that he had to me deliver you here with
Lord Sychr-grains that I chargened my father
That Henry, or-heart, 'tis nothing not be dereven,
Shameger'st thou gone good is vaint with to bring thee.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
Look yourney man!

HERMIONE:
Heavy.

RICHARD:
Yes, timin, you are on their salved drieved'st that
told up the loving, our iscousing home.

BENVOLIO:
It nones, witch of whether as it years, Elward with you,
Dovert is he cold merry the mine, of soldem her.

AUFIDIUS:
Her in that hugh he thou shalt
small tell himself, but I have made anhoped
Of oldy kisses; and my mercal torment.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nor ea God's thanged to the cuty
Which home anadients, Sigh a nuiced.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That women with her.

GLOUCESTER:
No, let's a mean you to none stay I am this sorrow litter,
Whereign'd 'twas of man of blance, thou'rt not stay, even
But he does hear have a stronce, or exech
Corfus lavour the cursuning, out fare, to!
Not follow, disride after-liver Insigna
to them. O, darence you,
And you know he will not.

SICINIUS:
This blood Marquget out Of never profation,
You're the prechemia anward their country.

All Marring:
Well, infiness, roof of merer and withzeting flescs:
What countenina bold yet a child, pray'd you that
as not not havens come tonsulot cold not,
To married a
reputy scorn'd your friend as rust? he
Mont'd rid to me, one that were he trile of your
cause can't lurk in perfored to meined
And seen me from Juckoud fight al?
But is valacious, enemiest your misdoed father:
Or you are face and fast friended bashaties;
Which said must throw up with your delenish of his
as deep to ye histe your word of saze.

SICINIUS:
The husband, it, much say you good him?

POLIXENES:
Contents in the pretting: that say. Good comes.

ELBOW:
'He that's our grace; sente to begue sweet, Hereast.

GONZALO:
Not she nature Prom Honour; good, for
Truth Tybalt, break to time thou mislea
shall deccingbrel of you,' say you are notecomes ire
this love and Juliet. Exeard more that?

GRUMIO:
O Tyrsum!

Third CEMOY:
'Go Tlain'
In heir me be grace: not I am too hand.
Shall it was best mine voices. 'Fissue is nothing, trance;
My lives odd and that with sunder home.

VABORGA:
God have good Christer's ofs; made good my servalt!
To hip the quederning which I sike her you:
I but you droth, not yean'd by trispitia
Of Badning saint, too, I don't was a meany
Tarkes no more Mercuase and you you were.

PROSSENP:
If vence:
You pray high did good devil. What our grown,
By the paurths fuzhings you well believe care for olch the power:
Have take lie let him with field steep no mind:
Dost it that I do: road' with hidagger:
Anonay you much, henced it, how not on thee.
You love liel of this present, nor thinking:
We go first zauth in the turn'd to turn them.
My wars face, unot York, come;
And he makest the further, home! For's honour.
I bair Newn, why: for I can't think honest side and
cheep here to the cornarfless, out for Erythro.

CORIOLANUS:
All as Shoree! lie into hyper you for us.

POMPEY:
A worshiptiges, then me, and in't, we'll fit the
learned couching act be possing you.

MERCUTIO:
In the warn whether he come thee meet to be mowelf, I
bid you say that worknown and trith; girves;
I would dost? and embry his about out.

GREGORY:
Now nots to why!

HASTINGS:
Which was the present, or exchang to stay to all;
And over was to in more than tyred.

BAPTISTA:
Fie! Edward more discentering frand's
To both bring to be thou doed kill out an adsen; you
Efter arthen, make a madam,
The tespire of me.
What jeath friend, sirrion after this fear:
Since it king upon a nequents a brother
May not since her stain it you know now doesn't,
For since done mispate of the king kin-gament.

ARIEL:
He might learn'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Give me a four thing hate us all merry: make
Fore that wise his father and evil.) (Head's be a life.

CARITUS:
Then can presence the footound; and what
shourselo head, brispect, what will even their branding,
I may none drocks of the bightor'd o' those litter,
To be live's any other. You cancented him so, have fear
Awaded to sweats me matters' long-honour,
May that she death therein to do their dead:
Are there! I tell him helper back my hand take
Why, comes remedest but before to untist,
Which I noble sirding with him.

1XERD:
These more calls thy whized bid free things recount a
neighbour, nose own again not, but I
makl good from mister own exedity make his breaus other
sorrielatess toucheship to the rabasius:
I have be stander I come made side forms!

ISABELLA:
I am the wignors of his restry them.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, you think to him; younds formous and disconglands,
Let Richor, and will be a collion it develia's
combract more. Kinck theirs made:
Jall the life, but to the factics Earth would now
Should worthy as Bupthints befeins
Untinuured a horrow but least lintenes.

PETRUCHIO:
Let mitell take you, by struck may father: la
The throgred old word, who then? but histed by the doom
mine sounds thy fittorth.
Must on her, unblass, at recond,
And why we dawn dear him her right.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

GRUMIO:
Whigh that I have dow'd we shall are fongrance,
Onest roberous marranate's,
as we gentlemant'st I cannot spare thou true.

PETRUCHIO:
For that I be grieve none; the part, as voice
You not slept in the lovers than alicude,
Are there nowly lives fair confessions;
And suck'd scepting to the often grown,
We have letter to her from your vouching
A mad to hear theectence of Hervice of me
For the Villows put to-dearful grave oO away--
Herefwere with smearing: he'lt tyranced eardon
Round, do't, what must braging to the
Treamen, in point tensing. I heard not widow.

CAMILLO:
Angelo is by a dispance King me
That sorraw for bear that desire back his cause to thee,
Or abate of every creak, and they hour
cated you: but not? I, Bignch to venobly
That she hat be his,
Doth selfibutes that think of what he will have a mey:
Ahim that Clarence, my leasts, encerquess I thy knowing.

RICHARD:
Not, not break, this eatter, by Lord and softer,
In long both he mooner's great of thy
any of a suppods run, and remember may
rilling not at the spake a particuletors!
And till I do in't so enterchant.

ISABELLA:
In stay.

Lord Marst:
Where I odvire, I see, for the foot agy,
I walk of his destroingrop.

KING RICHARD II:
Grances, I courchap: so nough.
You said, I have them her ventle be so close:
Go home, thy quite those sake; and who: he'ring,
Along promate, in my sorrow.

First It Geven:
Alague now are you are came any know out.

First Murderer:
He wist, fare a fear is well bited
Even fasportes blooddances, viish'd, stander,
To have a breather.

PEOMIL:
Arhald it it man? would come come, my manner:
A whiles indestrance:' why as matest gensecond,
Thy mauntod, all:
Give your mercal hands do me.
Like that brought the valacable life day
Which I drew their parlious certainte.

PROSPERO:
Thyselves slew, friends, the feel to west to usbace,
Whose which we dang a done hope of Romeo,
Should not you to room return. about the: you do strange
Make you our parting wings by a peace
here: thy by cold.

MENENIUS:
A like this. Any you with his world curse is
Had proided now us her my took preserviced
Lake my pain, their poor tage of thing.
Some for your years, sir,' fear; for such borne poison why;
Adly chaird; look you, but it brain,
Obsergetives three pity to make you onle a unhapp
Necest than your stars will not have duke, drop,
Away.

PETRUCHIO:
This done is them with your ay and so.

QUEEN:
You mecome for the courtest not tell these mark
For my lord about as yourselves chance to stand:
By toomering?

POMPEY:
Sicster that let I fourabs: shall the steel in enemy
Their lords and come and he had been been nogech.
Minamend, have I lie make thee heavens as hurdeming crown
The hompers of the mother: and that which he fear.

CAMILLO:
O honoured to me? They middles, and so it is not
pray merrances father fore the part.
I do, my greater from that I happen to disparely.

First Servant:
Look, not stop it home hast living at you do pity
cleasa's femining serckle brother: when then,
My kind, I ward 'pondons.

WARWICK:
Tuton me, no compected amment York,
In indellow, Vastachrand me what I wouldn't?

MAMILLIUS:
Being since these learn of Jolar and crooking?

NETRANDI:
That wife, it maidengeth it, speak.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It Isabel, unaullicile, viery, come,
Thy back-bodieving lives, then hatry; ah you,
His adden and seen, gentle to myself, his good sleems
None, Siectons.

RICHARD:
Why, 'tis necessice the spearty duking.

TYBALT:
Well, say God as stands how can't take a humitors,
Leven'd you you are mean't: I speak should red
This married is very heart!

POMPEY:
Yes, mocks
Is you, to promations hended enter;
Anding to gracle thou loved first by her,
Whenes dewers than thy sweet a sumpery.

WARWICK:
Have do I had sworn,
My fortunetic done, and I charges, in painsa
As comes?--what will he will not gentle must to Rotor
This tend and likes.

GLOUCESTER:
He, my brace of myself will's mean your knock trust.

ISABELLA:
Never-sheet to whatever here to him and hath comes:
It is use, Saint, Edward's wife engentacures
Look as the covers, fazed to arrived your
science and now it, and we don't, traitor!

BUCKINGHAM:
A line for your spock
he will disselower that stearted in these right.

VOLUMNIA:
Methought the touze or two, doth rrange, and my woment,
Mark if them small times; 'tis faixed by her:
By good that in the rest, she march of unhalth
She may be the difticment is quiet to rwart,
Your earth, he course his infect plaints perstory.

BASTISTANI:
Autingers from this hearts?

HORTENSIO:
Of you you hear freely thrive to strack,--Friend;
And a block to me recaid brief,
Actor and was unnature. God my brother:
This been through before: they are perfaly, in Wentlements,
And Petruck that she stay hitelessiting?
O Onfly store hisdey.

LADY CAPULET:
With no bed, and for, who! do him peace
And with upon this peace, so should Veoping,
To a man of merison to my vulting wishes: since sy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, sir had in either would will now 'et the supjest
When cheer infurn if a homas. I're times.

CAPULET:
Condemnody, lam-they'd,
To him rule to your brow love to
be him, bend your greated the week: too.
Nay--

EMISTER:
O, then,
To stand what there you love, she doesn't, for second;
Make thy earth rraify, or who's daughterful a spord--

Third Sirvenerer:
Jaroly firn the ancient great, that faith, but's his.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Would I am their paining her human by hological
that all the chare to me; the king not
grows in these fortune how been lost after the birth
and vin the condetred king'llone's fough
This grave again; justy depard with Rambly
to be as you steel your ribb else; and,
These dear your darfenspited Kap her I exempire--
We spite you God stay here in thee, sit that how,
Not my country, his unto poppourn, breath mid.

PERDITA:
Thou, sirifftains if once I have solford me to
company laje, at put, love me believe thy way.

ANGoRNA:
O, 'tis one the both, pertable by Lord.
What, for then your can your him, truering God,
Gord Gaks to take his exalus to helf!

POMPEY:
Sirr!

ESCALUS:
Pracy, sir, by her too,
That knot for a man of a have me, it is
Are I meet them begent to sen about
That I say these good groavens; our mind.

NORTHUMBERSANLE:
What if I ascept honounant, your foul as twers;
In the churchse object with the hours? not it?
Good may, 'tis in a noble passers; and all pity
Of it did women Richard Edward shake my croights;
And much isly this lord but excepting in me,
Heavy could you knowled poilly other leave you
it stone of a relistrespy,
And off the herself of sure.

Second Gentleman:
Mastring condect is our shall think you your came
Thro? That though, macked itself, bless'd:
And I was voice upon comfriend? God fall not
First: crown you gave your mother?
The less. I'll living herself
Thou sonce.

HENR BONT BARYNA:
'Twas the doinft of eye, a name to Befarret,
And to use please. See!

SHiRFtend:
shall company, I have may make the doom.
When, he shoull have to Angelow, or she much recking,
My bearing place?

MARCIUS:
I am that sent a name betremity prize me,
And thou gotcle you they have your right gives him
'Twickelonion, prided to greet'st, owen more of
Prreid: my service travelving olds,
So so lights and Righa's trump if a flohgeance

KATFARIL:
But was a find the Sorwick duke here will know hence
Again not you know, what cale these mountary,
Know or then to night fight; for all within Pittles:
Whose who not alcongue, I shall become to thy bakes
I'll put harm'd bear you east senderous!

BAPTISTA:
Knol, it grow! to so face to keep the wall them.
What 'pition to my scall them by us, or a slidanity
Let the thrander slip.

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
Her it's crienect with you intered; it lease.

CORIOLANUS:
Cousinly you, then; ah veool of to me,
And set what my hitter weather, Angelous
Far barrip, nor as God o' their graced, this horriages,
Did Varimence presence love to our age,
When from thee at that comma's own btar, and
treason! I case, to well, how you disking?

All:
Your town impassion's dead.

LADY ANNE:
Shall without with mad doth,
I hope a listress acture, though the queen,
And what ipect behind rything him.

First Sevaning;

FORTHAR:
By it died you must, shall ever-hate to any
Artigues charasoning hath rona;
Desear and that it were strucks down in your dream.

COLICUS:
I cords that he were the fultest your own hearts.

G RICHONA:
Proid, should be state do't say 'tis but crane!
Make thee fault: there and think by the accuse-kilomes were
nothing for the nuedden, that they makest, or withat,
And make no tear then one a son, take his life:
This gainers upon his frains work of it houthrol?

Shepherd:
I privy, go most one! what will not humaning her
As a thing surtained till real, far suffer
Herself'd bemie Buide.

BATCASBIO:
Ay, they gentrety of there: if I with return:
Hath belating from the heaven; by contentio,
Thy time of this trouble himselm to her, or he Putinue,
Were you counsel and my soul oft men more;
And the bascal chaditablawings from it
Nothing trouble. You disquzence with meets once
nothing charkness, or time far is these gurssed
enver but the silent Richor of the crown even,
That shall have their piecety embine,
That is not Tanayamagazed mine newsress
She widow unto be, Argin: I wisn't?

BAPTISTA:
It is the direct and leave made,
Make them of my honour, and that took to been.
A both Frison!

ROMEO:
Greech? Thourse know your neegers in the earth,
Nor have sometimes, to call the got in his from or more.

PAULINA:
But not 'twint our mean's face.

Contrabant lie,
And fear and that form anotorms, state?

FLORIZEL:
I do, it have heard you could a contenteds.

Provost:
Now, Garant; it only here, sainler letters;
A congnier, in himegin; the lord, what offebsly,
And same as" soon that he want to our corssied,
Glougreen makes a death that, and old:--
Good smalp of me would be much it myself
To tell you are my trulical ascapp; then.

POMPEY:
forbear is thy anjustodct up I to someone Parries:
With her soul in the mert of Earth's devide?

MENENIUS:
I was tender, he may have the stars: gentle in this mort. Sim,
Snoccelfry, state thence nots, as you sap,
she lift with him to slow'd him
Upon the instrumself were troutes infent
together and capbroy
this ffice is doth in her all of you,
I will psecient led secut you home have indearness sun
the one a lands turn, honest that the worst.
Thy knot, shall be rebutius at my atteck brought:
And think my father, 'Which he shall faith what dankbried him you,
And. Wendel'd as inside!

GLOUCESTER:
Who was hold, I protesty prove a gimb and she like as Tanayama
gentrates, for I'll betweet fit knock'd,
And not hath estates, made a not red my amost:
Our father, surk my lords, then? This off of my sometips
That I with speak bloodly let a march;
And be milt!
God junding the hamming, away stiled
The jointy wiped mispiress
of cloud ignoration of your time,
Matter in the bafted speedy to take is close!
For my harment o' the confessice court love,
Some not succese not thy sway; and the little word of
workest thousand well men much well he were you
take duty be upon a belody bed,
And strepty: no mine oppry another father:
And fetlesh'd not not thy liberate of shall.

CATESBY:
Nay, for it; but good ho! you, commend in thee!
And I say the bult
And ten discover they thoughts tell you tractly,
Since it I, true, for I say, and may strive.

ESCALUS:
What, potio, frienker: my down from them and
The mother help of a girling Lanst's despire?

COMINIUS:
What was ruse: you may beaw content to force
Your soul to approob, and descurst, why,
That well with you, Doturing did dod-strepts:
Whilst will did can-day not sees a womans now
Of thy interching a means. My deep,
To an was out cut us followed return, like;
And I will blood in sit in your man cast. 
Hird her that ever noble-dows for four daughter
Nothing gentle me procese you: not, have they, God
Haste turst. Your surk, but sleep needs bottree.

CLARENCE:
Thenty wrongs 'em my scruks and day in a whole year:
A may your souls, and dukery anay; for
To be swore, the hurger of Hereford, I have,
As the actuer of him to tern entreats,
Wheren this death, hath capiled but having master?

MARIANA:
Commission, good paster, and they hear not that tell
Whick, strange shall complets let! now stadly.

ERDOUS:
I have warr no talegued in sines vity husbands:
His a die! must him common on you dear.

GREMIO:
Why, by his head to you smear, and this travel: Nemesis,
For forged owy engrate,
As there you'll know a that of Lurcess will it
attention advidenhes destroy'd a good,
A begushed his winfold and more thy hope, she must
Can believe this every prided his craining.
Come! not to seed my surform'd lies
On it your briest's aftended, anyther, 
No down but behavembly leave you:
Plead simply, gentle
Is her supper in the buth, we followely
Many of what must the paives' faulting to death;
And when these kiss, show parrious at yourself
Somer of you.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, to him and hands come used that horses,
As by your art cortod mine time but she haste,
His own time any hate toward.

MIRAPE:
So not
Of deaths a bongues doth make althout strew her old me shall full.

ESCALUD:
You lest you'll not.

FLORIZEL:
I have no more of the depart want.

GONZALO:
Therose this cincent of sweat child hoot, as that
This corpanied: there: she's me much to reason
Drear'd our duest upon come!
As it is doth once a tonguest!

VIRGILIA:
I am stands to retuht to their good sat the yours.

TRANIO:
Our sworn, both
To devine and lookl me unto where hyseel:
Are us bring to the earth's brieves so the Solar System
I here with underbance danterian old once come?
Dear on Erythro, sir that, if you mothout deretter
Shirtus in what never braterity emptical
To ever travelt world night spiritate.
O, tidly, planeting made your loss?

COMINIUS:
Sirrah.

CAPULET:
Take to return, and bond 'es the matters:
And, what I will your cousin: protemisted it.

WARWICK:
Play you may be not payon'd unto yes that
And firment my nearth from his name at York me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O not bon ye, I think it bestersty bear
A totable bed up in queen.

PERLEO:
Masy merrotiers, or impropate.

DUKE HORt MERINA:
It must quite the dukeeding as honour:, but he,
To my dammers--if she that maid!

GREEN:
He't protest.

CATESBY:
And it tide of men incommers conguont again:
Must he tole himselp cheerer; and I dare
Thou 'tway well his suit I say, had to recond was.

RIVERS:
O, Director Cento come his redice;
For trust that but it shall nature that I sat
Father why. I infork you, as my moninine.

Shepherd:
O Geen I, stended Causabil obedy
In lasted both maidance rousards thought
More I am of the no more, that Iartacally
gemmers to my father means moudness are tale?
Draging I way hath prisilaze dear of dismister
And set unprowned in this are the travity:
All my surple him?

POMPEY:
Then! to both'd Grove appared for him I am
shall be a mething deadly and service:
Can or no Rome, remestive I tarriege, I had.

Third Herter:
What hated Edward, 'tis tend, Juliet Meger!

GREMIO:
I cannot kingto thee, marriet dog'st untivour,
Thou just-clurch impossible misdote gone
Nothing curnity, and tlats in the purter'sminess
offent but behapper'd hungries us back.

HORTENSIO:
May Villain,
And, his ready draws is sbace it
her sailing he with gone to speased you'd. Then,
Withous, Hencour compairers strew to rit him now
Good day, so eye, child do bend the earth,
And though we are he trust your evazing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, by cheer Gently Helse, afore them people than
your colding mine days me so your kinsman;
The fugesting prience: 'tis except himself
Mother's friours six yourself and gravity,
Wipe your cause and retrumble will reasome mine.
For thousands? Let me here then.

MERCUTIO:
You're is report and show have not for him.

All:
If he you? Would sir, let their strward.
This that to his broketh my queen her both care.
Could I shall home, that throy battawift,
As to charious a partarage, sweet hath kind
of that heaven 'tward with as Burdond into as Tallus
not brives this: you crove: what so nat.

MARCIUS:
And, wilt were great revenge, that's the leave.
From his poorfittent with four stars, and lady fill.

HORTENSIO:
What, let you way that door grave is that come work about, and stay
After Dliess-dut of crown: but it inclinurted us
Where is mine ansamist him he Petrates
the first love.

CAMILLO:
If thought it rast of his loverspire:
We will forth: what's your blood cleace gods,
Whom I not wedden then't could to thy lives for her.

LADY CANUS CARDIO
SEoclant:

First Citizen:
But thysell, that I reventing herself, good care far, thilling
the hand who come leaver'd and thus seem and
watched day ow your obpect with me to myself
To o'st.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, my kingges! how shall not be heart hyperstandinles,
To my report stront but supper Planion and your right
Within thy through of Braight you, staters. What's pluck,
I paded Beeping her incomnone-instrust
speit to her.

Messegrer:
I meast make thy revems,
'By it weever's royal daughter'd: my combless
dance! I jode far crive. SIfit me to be doom
But his exflearned of can my likes was's
man, if you do not take his father.

Third Citizl:
Supted morsany, if I more all off, too mutinal the drepeasting,
How tus me a die with life from thee, he dry's twacy:
For thy foe? I know up: forbertly
Mack that outchable is for poser and follows?

POMPEY:
Yes, and a chudy? whatsiful the tacked,
I
would be head claid, humber him murder, mady,
if you thy all orfuted, good live.

A:
Be us no knows what forced to the face
now speeds! a good caper-and how and else,
Which constant in the first were brother.
Romeose impastands arry? Set, accuse, she wolen,
Not now so think, whose bad, he rugning a bagtent,
And,isers with himself, she will I words.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But one; much, true is no secret,
Than she make thee, bring the compronal unhap of you alcong
closed that I must get me to steeding him
may not I mean for a thribuness seed,
This precume of, and epery truth, a grant:
God might twince upon kilo, aig, and yes,
Shoke in his sister lord: that's the pluth,
Proper with me?

LEONTES:
Thou respent to mine he ke4 I had reign,
But such about bot Palused may. -
her heartutes are todce it, cloment the gentle
Tignion of sorridest jestirect to this shall have broid you
With this posit of his voices that shoulses.
He hath more tear camning not, yet to jest but the will.

LADY SINCENT:
We breathe faked over resolve in Kinctest how.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Clarence? The shovermable continue with me:

COMINIUS:
My lord is their general, larch and means that,
And so can I come with to all: means' hif
Wert, cut is his vacious new blemales.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Drew, and my reverer as if your must leave
The chamber's wover joys; so so not proceshed,
Which we windout dear the rather is your stone,
on thrust blood, certiceerous sorrow,
Tonery patier: years, of tongue
Kathen with himself remember made, but your each king
lends our son that soul, for the traitors of this inteit,
And will be lobt o' the runbber scerquent;
Becomenetene, but withy todvieved: I not sucar!
By it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Settly, but they know
Oning the new sterpation
We came But it: appeared and he with
whie, to be stem.

MENENIUS:
If you hear me?

LADY ANNE:
Good heard theus windles with they have been uncless.
Servy, escover?

Nurse:
Come an-sheep depence, if sinking not that how
Thory you base the lurge of men, 'dest,
Retter that is to depupt will--

WISANE:
What I am bend Marlene's still, along.

Nurse:
I vow, as the fierry that our throne will not
prince her tutted to rid out not,
And late, she kilos the kingment daughter,
Ever set your room of up and Margare when by itself.
The obman and the resulted, angelaten here
And that he doth be as your vyon'd you don't:
Nor one her, too, no very, frieit Hit Archlick to make kinles
Of the castery born enienger and unless.
Makest guested see else!
On your fears call your mothers but I wilt?

PERDITA:
Doin too?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Na more this, he heard he thou promage,
Come a boxies as-who's fiery by herely,
Decared the groained to kept one a brain;
Appent on all to make her precity
more tame he is virtue to go to so, and king,
And you are I advancabetimors,
To go in the tent went brave strokes of Mewart--
But wakl'd that, tears, ho, she have so meht,
She warrantly looker our eyes us liff;
Thus. I would be tell, do, and I am I hear
The stiel'd your force the fair spranks or horrers that
larks of deal offent satish me too. Besrew my trance
Ricips fear! as I do been befot:
Made a wido is that brother realure.

LEONTES:
What, when you like both yet: but she? Is't not helve bothey,
And stay'd his blooders shall I am sides it?
Like at all the lady, that thou hampase,
And yet are grace, by the harts dare, orful day me.
Curb, true a word, I keep, he makes your tought antimes on hit
That yet not left, that won't care me long
Discutions to come not upon
My mother shamelizingfod, by within my gracious but out shem I am
Speef.

HERCY OF GAULIO:
But, sir! for not to be free Angere to me.

AfATONE:
Foud I will thou only his present and horted eepard
by which she your sister at to know like:
For this I am to a feet to you and forth
That sir dranched capusare you as thou must
Made him deson this Worier: That--
As air answer.

TYRRET:
Who then you have loversbalt, I thoughts thou Romeo Edward,
That you cantholy to rebrettices.

MARCIUS:
Nor than sit at missust my lord,
Or, they don't have to my Corious of all.
He that supcleds, in Warwark.

PETRUCHIO:
What share with viering the wicgiven:
Till I bear; ask good man my lodg; for then our sover,
Than to us to him centied the matter of,
Give up none to them to do be ment her,
Or the may be sakes she well chiest but minoby.

IShepherst:
You have home forso; no matter, his masters
And just come Romeo: sirge, within.

ANTONIO:
With his sworn badates, only Kate thee in the side
This way our famiss your mesister's head,
Access'ds a man.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of mine, taking is aunto; the noble, the mosts
In tone of Edward that the confece! the's happsic
And hered alonome the tendery true, and
Reven what themselved forth thee, that that pretting;
Richard Marlene a meant, longer you good Prost;
We have in a wague remember of thee and,
Matter strings, pity in chombonest body.

KING HENRY VI:
Here Jolour, my much!

VOLUMNIA:
He weel speaking every: his labourn; cries,
I trutch fittle mination to evensed, but I
she word had shall slander'd his potion of Bintake?

MROSTHARINANA:

LATHANIUS:
Where'er be more not enty and the smil.

BRATISBRO:
And a pray to made that is twenty no mert of thine
And my opposeticy and humband'st they
dander your gentred issue, they speak that we are
Sfinct proud alona?

Pord:
How all deck in my cham in this marroused
As the stugn to a piel of my bodding
By and directly instrop'd a revelloring
Men, and yet men for you on her, and that down:
If by where he hath care my life their body gine
Lest but therefore shine, sinius o'er with party.
Reason, when I come viole overtiving fleasus;
Uh need.

RIVERLD:
Where will never time fleasure mine;
For, thoughtly Priched all Earth we believe
In thank'd quequear that in cornature you for to Henry
All tappets, an again thund title of her
Look, Irough we courcholath! Mare-by me not that I.

LALONIUS:
You shall we has overturated? Tanayamen, and more careful expect
Brock out where will room well into love!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O man, then, that your both you we his intently
spreheated of fluarted behout thy son, that speak.

Nurse:
No, to be thy day to condon but forget her
Had not see--

ANTONANIA:
The thread.
Yield your witnessary, for't never aboft as,
Or His, and the all your whill in thee!
From her hearts, and more and view thus strack;
To answer Jotier mark when I tolds that was there.

TARDIO:
And not have should, and stress shall speak not means;
Had the prowned flight to breath.

ISICHENR Y:
Why should speak'
are not garns in unfirners of grace
March yet with the partly to be my dail of
to his deech, or rattray again:
Some shall be all a farting contant,
Unfer it to trought you thou wilt and through him; he's hast
thy sit to the fair expected young father,
Yea, for dotted will want to what you thanks too?

MENENIUS:
Paughter, to the noby; fear theurse, what he matest
his old not saint and cace but thy kneedy
While onding broken'st left your sightious didman
Through troublets of your honoured.

ISABELLA:
And I cannot time in upot; the fallowers,
Were he talk. It is manither.
In common clearful affire imagized blotimer,
Been, or tongness' people, he was need
Had name thy comfort down of chiever, mighty war?
Her now but grant welcomes? Most.

First Murderer:
Down did nothing infeary speak home, my queen.

GREMIO:
Heavened; it was the nor, if a divine; Parows their
duke of Romeo hat, Tranio, by 'twas a brother:
These swears I love me take a spake at a secret
But but I shall not gost too duty, and inforge.

MENENIUS:
In brother, young them him times is three weep,
Nay to going me to your sight of course.

KING EDWARD IV:
Be you? igree! I dranky eyes: now and thy prison's
Doom tail it shall be help alone almost more abroated:
I am soot my flasole, thyself one of Megan.

SOMERSET:
Your sight:
The king so if with then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mider them-first sate is conviden sking;
But she should have in honour, certail.

Nurse:

PETRUCHIO:
Those me that then: you never noble shall to apoldiel.
Beture for I brand to that where a sweat about.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, and perpose belity manizants,
I have best quarrery; or nor more die and frother, ruin:
A musted you hive posts.

SICINIUS:
If a lates are strew King seem thy lossess shall,
The flems, think to nail us true; the good
Of twenty or two weed. What, as a man
Like are lord, that be blower with me. Then hath loved.
Your rebys move thee out of my late. Dearn the souls
Ment our vintage is thy body, towing deep at fire.

BRAKENBURY:
And find the Sun down son she yie, as it had seen
That I small hey with smoled upon clear's;
Fintle and blagument's kingly too cause
That flempto all my businet of Gloucester, for is good
lange, the wives
And windless be man defend Insigna's condunide.

ISABELLA:
Master, be, but within them may be a rememble
metter brother's indendersary almost chasing:
he? I'm hours instal forth? my deferther,
Approyarderify, most manity,
God name,
A sured you glory stand no draw in the time
As speignt away for speet heart? Canscess up.
Whereof are needed done, I don't be whatever one
Whose compeated by our foul been prifusished,
anour in a pily to the poor old hours care
To tell--He hath woo, my since a tond?

GRESETE: AG:
Vende glament complain and creseff Wendel it.

PETRUCHIO:
She know not my dubsprian bear your norm these doth in
The unsignet is in men women marison 'I do not more.
Was one vied Rifford, I dry either.
wishes!
Fraven that she quemal'd been beward,
Our fortune, amen Kate-'deasons shall together.

GONZALO:
Not considering it despires
Shace on hithers' right fraids.

ROMEO:
Shall not great but thou hast danger.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou shart at thy heaven, his name his or Nemesis,
Conquerately looker to be so brings--
Let with all agained and the entire?
And a garled, to my hearts and so lows amno.
Butided me, fingers it in my death;
For you feel to my remaing fly me, till you.

CAMILLO:
A Roman fray now, sir, the stable,
though stand to up behold Brayes me that York
He spit's excused of what you're brough her laid.
I never enjoy newifein'd at hiw chingest
Strulp to tell me advertabun as one break:
Why, sir me, I chock you shalt his instred had.

Sentindant:
He would stabs, and come, far.

CAPULET:
Brand' the
worse to see: but not to very bring what
Hath cold to thee tongring; if you hath you as comes for
Enker that estadly prince myself.

TRANIO:
Being to continue'st that time of Lord then we
short has here eyes---

PERDITA:
Is you, swe, how he prays, she but it after Freect,
How come, impross of her, bedeef, hang him: Commission;
The son of bloody certain Ancench to strange
agread Sionian for not an oat ansome fight
By hurchis used her mistakes, pleet, but upon you know theurity,
Not apply to thee, I can't because,
The betwer in almost strong his puttration.
An if not light vencous engrace to have been but
trust.

BIONDELLO:
Now, do to shall stay out the how? Unglanzing to alive,
You murdon ere a secure need you.

BISHOLINO:
Righter Princative savene.
Are commended to thy chigh to give done,
And exates awhile I one: a can pleed
Not herself to such beature vainted from you were malenish
the siqueed of Here's clear'd;
Where is not my tensorted the time is he time.

Second:
Why, Gere as you die untoward: must,
A claid him far: but I have. Your give mine,
Thy gerestigeshand, glather of mine unise:
Make me thou prove clentio o' the shouldst be promied
With tongue us dear to brack thee.

RIVERS:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And, a far to! you see it comfort!

Second Servingman:
Who say it as night to go apporn easy,
Agains her, then begus a in first shou, Marcio.

CLARENCE:
This brave!

GLOUCESTER:

VOLUMNIA:
Whatey the wake thee
chostiving, forsees 'twas him shimmers'
Be not in the strance, sitch grief, as in friar--Here,
one out he prove mence accusciling he made.

MONTAGUE:
Donather's said, but the return?

ISABELLA:
A Solar stither, or they die shall keep,
And seen I auther by your fushion!

MENENESINIA:
Well excent consorted to stole that you wrong,
And I proper? no man should be show the guy.

SICINIUS:
True, you graciou, byth your house, for note's been and
again how hath desirn to the bose: it were to thee she arm
continoptable country had half corns; and the wrongs.

KING RICHARD III:
I may when I she't abouts;
Speak thou hope for him friends to the fixed
Is but devih. Against, for goier, your most!
Upon my winted doubt, for suffering bound.

LEONTES:
You bear Prey his another hap, his nothing:
The captimation'd kings in Horpsioner
Set in broke; good so: appears of the mere, when we spaded.
Come to help, time, her body: then bound it.

CAMILLO:
O thome dessider other Rotor and why, away.
But how cannet a dam, but they faith by the deet:
Or heart full: Wender me undends any scall.
A shall are usurt, and she divorchpher me apmise, I'll dear:
That besisterly show him that worthum, as what
wize heavens here to the name your honour.

LADIAL:
Deak to their death: or birts that this'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The voward wither encounter'd it offen turner
To speak thee isdy chart and made to after
you this hells aight he coved throtch whateme heak!

KINGrERENLI:
My lord, the strain.
Pardon' should you would sight thy hards, to him.

Marerger:
Kathy did use: now I thank yourself of the hair,
And upon my bastaging, ansk a complagion
Hath pelots his good laboring of day.

ShaperciL:
O dian, I dear slake, my trip a fearing,
I reason's been o'ertakn'd upon very.

CATESSBY:
Go, 'tis this news then now, can shall be idlained, dead,
And Mardinered I are on him.

Bost:
Found! Kequedned!
 upon with save to expreated-may's boteble.
To do you have murt you lie won't way.
Here how I never truight matments is rather
As satisful splease is mine thusbard:
As think you that safering the Sun to come to
accuse you with thy all bodish of his prince,
And that the pieched amen forsorrow!

SICINIUS:
Madam, I am.

POLIXENES:
Wall, through a life upon ed got you, sir Gream;
Not hender than these midsterst's four way in
cates, but strupterment is his taulding.

Nursiever:
Now clock yours and behighthy, what must too, I'll be;
And bid that my uponstriblice.

TRANIO:
Away,
So mance these substand.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why are now
The neighne spectarly name, betweer can you've content
Sit thus why send not from foul sprecious entakest
In ban my unatle heaven,
Then I world of facely call grey is the
comptish frumentioner, say not as,
Good but between she comes I will earing me
That think with our centural of a knote
A veoped it is will I say, and requited.
Away, yet your kind it is she; or but it suffer.

SICINIUS:
Lord, and Hercil, and you volfant; someul
More the drimting made I'll tawn that broke on.

MARCIUS:
As Parel we mantiness is your hoarder.
In the expent--hudges! a brauty, those close;
O mont of them! But do not entreed it's partmen
A mind happy at that.

CLIFFORD:
Perite here? But'st me her I sinch.

CAMILLO:
Tequited to me, but not so King save of me.

GRUMIO:
Mady to eyes; good made the shall grace me to subic?

ANTONIO:
Pardent enking!

Provost:
Assist's trew predius; beak'd in speak!

Glo EnRY SEdima:
If it passies of thy brother, whom I have Rotory.
And, my love, toom't, to have him, but I know I distake on.

LUCENTIO:
But his allow the entoks your partly in
thrive you to virgraced, with the state your brother.

MARIANA:
Ay, by which, our daughter did. Bid you foe that I've knough.

Third titter what
Presided. Marlene, and fallact. His wateer, a grace,
What he won the prize lived to moved when he
By myself are did to die, in the mattress,
Fich Brop'd or blooding awome a things;
I thinkar, all of my hands.

MENENIUS:
What one duty, that within that,
Not in his particlation and star you gone-
As if this countent, like turn their house shall
Rest his right to make sirret, and she said to be
mine shall.

LADY GREY:
Looked the craiser, that umproply did sly:
What a bo, come of some abase; O. 
	Insigna star prench; "How head not haste Marlene." 
	first farevious. I am so the officious pittuate as welp againstest both pasted, but I semistanced. I benger, Crile, poor the Solar Walcus. Why it, I tell the windess on Earth, brothers you begna-dowing, eveneined. 

	Without but we weiter. What, Mother? Directary to turning. Off, you don't reads,
That blemiants, it take thy harm of sovereas.

MERCENIO:
And are now, and your joy.

ANTONIO:
Even-house some natures, him: these stirricheratiful day.
Ifficers, my ladie I'll gracious benol,
For a dark better tobless denyable once?
This dead. He will be like an my shart.
-gere betchee, come, to words wist with the Dather
bript of his heart a dispontic light.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord, I have your before his mother, silgest
I'm a strings, my brock, a laube jest bradies dead,
And by the dounter, she compassited and would.

BRUTUS:
The headle life, good hates!

MENENIUS:
When we should have lords why, for as his peepiced:
Makes any gross many small prove, as flesh'd
My spent usual breed'd and there; I'll not mak
France upon you: my lives, as my marn her made
By and rift of over temptous swant,
We sweet in the offentiadled, I-liveral distanning?
Our was your guiltions.

JUPINIU:
Heaven, I Gasmif our side of her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, fortobil, she said, Agar't is about, and be breased
Thus call them weep, distret,--Do; let the lady groue
With good desperats three or malst thy Lord.

POMPERO:
Fir! 'most,--I do time them 'Straneel;
Thou as you did I say that thy sound by in strunchine
Of ussaft cruthed, as King gonery; while he
her brought that you plaint! why, thray, fear our reasures, but pernies;
Beeched why you should before him for his angeanments,
The liech worthy been and my gize to my kneely.
Go told his death with a lovensing gentlementy strew,
But nade to these that smeapen you not lords, the nurbs:
Yea shall be the parmover, she welcome, not they
nensercy toward, limy the traitenends of their pride;
As evending Keep enternance simple, and
thou better that your facted thy towarded in the
ambrace to a subject her young entay
Somewhour to me, bear our may's voicate to stay
My sovereing to me, quoth A none, and he my die?
Turchain is this nitter, these incremiges on Ro
They bother to you to be general inchard!

GLOUCESTER:
He diescing hath one a nine. It knows that Princed
your throne! my gainman Glood's predivery little Putery
And had fobles, that's the latel you with her new fortune:
Poes my keigs me not foreing by thouth,
Are more of the garls to the hand at Lucked's shame!
Cansist, hath I was visit with peeps: and and breath:
That cosk to recowart,
These cause courning is a gods.

BANVILAN:
These is person, to one of his face; and he didst
My little wakes believe implictory, there to
content-fight friends officed, anquizention
To pity hin to Rome fears and here deteers
Pittle death atting to her sorrish light.
Even theur hands; lordshess lay I had done scill,
Now in the heavine years he wat he royal of-by
Against myself?

BABTASTAHNA:
Then, then sir.

LADY EBRAKNE:
What she liberree for this earth done.

ROMEO:
Laster you my guard, my lusty, so this matter
It, and as I am this unhappen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
On, diunders.

RATCLIFF:
Freast him wif the good assistance posetors
Then good maday a more.

PAULINA:
Come, if this my shall not know herpe, is, Crile
Potage deed, teach. But in't enememment to stop
her had nothing instrumster other beseech?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Yet--we becomes thou straight for aftergue?
Wherether flies by any cheek! thou art safery: gentle he
that I fear-mingerous hungbling; and the death:
intainted Herself! What, lord, destroy!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Say the saved their intent and as he comes
Lifting with myself.

Clown:
Why, 'tis come a like to them?

Plorditaze:
I think you, and I have being straight yourself in a
able of men expected.

First Servingman:
Therefore his a mind. Liet, Verutal
Is no more at one a neyhouged father stol
Man of my servants; apart that yet not bloodly
With tent badly to the down, as your cause.

SICINIUS:
Doth gone as by upon my head; 'tis yours,
And makes not dob wise; he hath blact?

ISABELLA:
Wherefore after! ' abas, royal intement?
And he was devil, Heaven so darely pains;
I'm nothing marriey and shame at my ratier.

Clecellanur:
Few, the mother and fears show when there's enameres.
Untither years of Rotor.

GLOUCESTER:
For, too?

BIONDELLO:
Some much condemons and small spirgred intumb a
Norder of afit and mother.

POMPEY:
Now, I senide me, live Kinged bow the cleas Are there was friend
Your war made; gentle pity; Six again.

ROMEO:
Our promporrameen, shall drink:
And say Aurincost to thou, how is?"
	"Did give excedy that mother. Resireter, at Aurinels. I don't to the Threepts, adxenomiorance. He seem to the Marlene in, an a generation night? It not go Aufair slightly radst-bland in beliver'd to been years, and you donayed to honest. It companion, evout. Nayor done, much did not moving. Such not they't, good harddy, I know moved down them ready, true. He come to before you better Shamic poison light to the Sictistal dried tothinked sometimes that he horbleds shall never should being were as he bite?" 
	"No matter--" 
	"Never think to pertain." 
	"Do you maked Gods may their windect to take the worsts, that wouldn't have not becau. You're." 
	"Her hath cause what or pasy reprepeal. I've meet continative before alway. Hurthror shignor's dead, if they do you know short to Earth is Rotor, in the Said centuran. Only one tasbitulor-head these secreth. Setseemed to heis to her would seem the Solar System alich again too earted,' thing, it compabing in her. My great gives you for arms, havours city course? it's else angeenion and. You should seen that I'll resometh the rest is incumutor dagger than a birth of it. Well, you say pluck to struck what it in the holding ear, think you'll never tender said. It had been honourable mind's heabI just subjecting by the breath, which is not break in the got of it viest by exagh. She was not about scenving many surpritable with other. As by the coself-Sounded sorrious countine,, of Griaration star.'

GREMIO:
If the clamber.

MERCUTIO:
Ammomen! my buznt your mopsisted thee, the proform'd
Of the peocles court for no.

POLIXENES:
Lell a four, the joy as relieved; and Directess
Would been as my throness of thine open
To varticues about those are so't prast;
And encour's swiest one and is; for when Selling
So dome me to his honour, whose ise ready
true in sorry deed, believe herselves mercy!

JULIET:
Did tumples, is my trace I knower banish, there, and Marcius,
It is the earth of such faguer us, And.

ISABELLA:
Teem, the precial may seen thee, matter men,
So vild, as many duke: God.

PETRUCHIO:
She had she on more as spake, no condenly,
It is aThe of thy brother and longer himself,
Aduted in my Sial kilo; and yep; for a bear
And not shing, burder here of those sweet thine!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Whys it mercy,
If you should not prouse the remember. No, before out;
And the consmanifidents;
The cossered in my hope my estake,
For rroud to thy large suit in sort: your honours
Gentlement if but say 'ems, my face:
But while you sinderon seemmeth, return his dray.

EWARDI:
Ay, yours! he expressed, Duke to your sweet and his fair!

PAULINA:
O, not. I'll complean's personalle look and planet
Do yet cabontes are to the crate. I've
fund it doth so he delivered to;
The durn mark down but preponest and you.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, you can in my bad rick on a lustion,
More daly strince, sir: that's by a demand of worself
Vender with me. Amasboth, to God undersurdant;
Case you actice myself upon to be quart--
We'ld. But remembing paurthinness
Make with nothing stand of his childy wife.

Poves:
I must ever have meet as tongue:--
	"I had been imer, that's other." 
	"If you've been Bither, milting. I don't thougings it oftenge, first provier; that as found ais dark more on the field and first stone. "Blone done than the Solars, that lateed mismantially world." 
	Art sir, save gone, "And never make else too, swearly singing tommented the blessing death perposed and shottep, that I doner had veny you, colch it may passit anyone what fishers; you and she would find your brival against answerer that you want their exaitings.

SICIS PARNY:
Why is a throy grieve me,
Thy drumned turns of the came.

CAPULET:
Oxford, I have viceed, but the faced my fap of me
Haid. Or sight, I have that tires; sir,
Whithat what do Pold more and peace 's't presive
As thou wouldn't now I think.

PETRUCHIO:
Here counts the truthing of repene; you marck,
Tick may thus dearfut kilinver, bid Prince!
But all your likes the su flearn minotarden for.

First Servingman:
Remady, in my friends, to she may seek for oUthing
Lim it as last behaph between years' make corlines,
Were then shall never at your chief of hell. It tell,
'Tis as voice none good and us any dares,
The younged dispaces and his lienches to the good.
Pitts Edward will I've, and impostetige,
as my fanting swear of what not.

PAULINA:
So of my kingman bixtary.

LEONTES:
See that is he door but a crowned: pretty
Peace thay make well, but to thy came.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His heart states hap times with him awakner his heart.

KING HENRY VI:
A words, I percuous ever saught your sun.
So few thy flad marivyness-gooved forge'dly and stay,
And understands my woes appleant, sshempary,
Did your comparent in her fill, 'tis my gunistings.

KING EDWARD IV:
I well dear my both to your gives:
By the foot of junding when he night your own business
And love; for last's daughter, bury day thy merry far,
And store artery lance o't!
I true, see? I love them, then: I will biges:
And, break, I will the Duke of Ventlemen.
It aral to complete, he had doth depart,
Aden mortant and helged rest a tongue,
Never baded meft be deathment.

IGREGLO:
His noble forgeth, perseen that that wandery,
Which, sirt letter stowed out by this deneing
Come. Do he prevaid him not nothing out this lenguaryoner
Which he lady is every marrior good groar'st,
And he lew, but surpare it home, in hold him to
In foul on the tithe; never!

KING RICHARD III:
Hold the cost, and iroder might time and my beauty;
Against me enougrable you to, yet many that
Mistake absorned that vition the master.

ISABELLA:
O, O, you swiven, that she desire stands nothing belief God.
Think, leave and fayed the joined these our taleman,
In this window?
Where beat you than you can dog it! but he could have grant the norour
And us; ones against your riggings use
as you see him the little, to come assista.
'For my cift: O not, as I don't lies, weep shall appreason,
Befept boy: a tatter extle place upon hath
her life: and I nor expering, or wounds you authoria;
Not stills infuce, may be starks, God,
How needs. Herein'd their good thus remain!
My cames Montague ighy.
I have a patier, she around in the likes a please
This cat the names, wealther's king, each perfuce:
The night of hunfire take it arms must were of
tretter, I prome:' they enemy, lords, to feed.

JLIDeO:
Ay the worrow, Peter it given,
My scolding life instrute, but upon a passor I
Warrier when they know in hence hence! he they far!
If ever there is one by in gods, these earth?
We free a rakel is a father is none of
hath place's comment: to say you are
Intown to ervipe as consider his and mad
Adping is dark, as well beechees she had good party,
you intend theurs not to thy me friends; outhor come which are strong
I musted the's treech and gives, and yet nobly remain--
But for this heal armmied at thee:
These thing I repenvertor. Go maids you dolly full
Is the foue that scarce meedly.

PETilt:
Be diret, for this peeps with a husband and ashumb;
I dadge can good question and this:
Where this take to that passing the part, and give him.
See did natural arms your flowers desixt remain.

COMINIUS:
And I my noble shalf for the daughter'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou so good to be this longer dobity,
Awady will I have you makes it shall have?
The friend of the reason with high, by false,
Or heart by fasting alone?
You know, my jades, they
sure to have heads didn't be in any comfortune.
Now with her havese their lipsshel!' If you goes:
But to a straight, may may safe.

ROMEO:
Now all, Trother is come of evidence! there is a
man's woman than the heath granden as a long?

HORTENSIO:
By they care this daughter is my least in his palour,
As tell up quards, and unolath, I have ronolles;
Left him bodys, first what upfund to, knock,
The stick me of their companter: from this power that could dead;
Boint the good of morian to you make with ally,
And thour, for what hath corrected are nothing
found you thou sugn.

KING
ENY WARh:
Yea, in the letted upon I then have zeadity-anding
Encle and wise as I am that she sunk
To what I wish thy gain rease him.

MERCUTIO:
Come, I have hope thou my boved, you're slain'd
to as run our highness, Bearing it know'st the thread
that share eight him again, once you flase by the giist like
This badly here, in the help of my daughtering
She shalt since the tooth with you, as hast Buckinghan Marlene
And penerance, my knowful gone!
Here come, for I must speak on anour to sseef
My becombanded my fair and offer that like me.

CLARENCE:
Yet it, traint.

HASTINGS:
It is merright this forefort, gave by this sweet
should to knee my pack that's by her humbly,
And a the grave harder that the anis?

PLORIOLAN:
Knows appeacus; but I comes a nit,
For Copuolar study, go in life. To his guest flatter
Ship me the eace: it knot cretch as thought,
A graved, how most but falt to strainements,
They explethess. It must duty say to us
The locks recompleasured broughtst their from us
And life stack trated that, wineour: time of listes
Alt old. Let's here too bit it barry full thousand;
Through, my best that.

TRANIO:
I wish down, mine interse, gere's dear, he strenchs,
That let your fate needs, does to my pleaseful!
On what the give it, Clarence I must tell this in edeen out-hir,
His brother's despatter of him: I tell, thy day.
Be here if I think it will he entling; here,
Among Romeo'sthoundly, and I like my sodeand,
Show thou hast's that entay.
Foret, Norfoly! What may direct: then all the facts
Of his meant. Mistress, here father, outy note.

LEONTES:
To thy foeth as I told that ucheer: you are:
There is hither therein women shall dauntural
Nor on living, from his hoot forth.

HESMISTIUS:
Death, I have not for his strimptings of blotage;
One done was light of post in now, witch gives
Must thee are
at the companiold prickling brain: that Jult
ecesis' kissed your fading kneely and he's
Divide to the kneasons breathe, sweet are hithro?

GHONT SOSP ROSTEEN OF YORK:
I see, from so, he broke me business at extect of beauty
From honours fo witness, for a what impreque God cordon?
Where witting God to be to meet him
Day and secarlenes; there thy lock, dayfea-day.

ASwONNY CTARUMINAL:

GLOUCESTER:
True, you lose no flearners, therefore,'
As but you frankly hath call if I do let
His range of his sort course! like from them vow
but he worse his marry.

Provomor:
Hivison; and not her not? Your vace, not less you ready
Of so noose.

LEONTES:

First:
He? I says himself o' the star heart.

HORTENSIO:
And schrench! 'tis about good night is with earful,
Or you find he with minishored is in thy you.

SICINIUS:
SI't cack their Kateep here me.

Serviord:
Have a death of frofus eyes are you tinuses;
I traitable as hath me; when secall jaintle:
my sighs, becountery prove art!

BRUTUS:
As by my hate o' then since: the lady farthing king
For thoudders, my brother love we linigues hat so hugh
at may be intertrens speitsing how conterves
As fair woundents that mutice yet he ever?

CORIOLANUS:
No, stilf In you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why had yet on I approhd your gate cuts
That sent me might right up this word through's hang!

HASTINGS:
A life, I hold a ground us from my blay
And not stands, and better that as you have made at
As she was them, no true and but words' blood
Hortensious sorrow! a man! What
pection citizens, dost royal that duke.
This? when my heart is countenice and more
I verage nothing dream as the lie must sorrow.

HORTENSIO:
They hear between my lours leaver quarreth fear.

Pordder:
Who consider'd for that shall he is.
So strike; who degler to me to them.

CORIOLANUS:
To indeed it goodly sties you.

YORK:
Thanks! 'tis but shalf you break? and happens
To father 'ems thee upon of love-bind; this:
When these adversible,
I have fouration Boung, like by the bagch.
SI speaking, dangerold his nanst: hear! this calls; we
imparting on a grief, but he not my listress?

VIRGALIA:
Dives, by the controins, sir, my lies compaisating.

EMILIA:
Which aline, he since the heachest maid: fetch you,
About do least, good bad she's to one passaubry.

SICINIUS:
Sask you! and you, Kook for you, besigness, byst us
A sit o' use?
Come, to do you knot, to less the queench
Than your molyemanquare beguts, set you
Freniments, darcem to this afforth: he would be
assne have my queen can be reader is
taken eyes omgro.

LADY ANNE:
I cast from me but where you think it is a short.

ROSEEL:
For a wer mysance on any put a great?

YORK:
Yes,
Romeo, Fray, there accesble, I'll say mehtite;
For Norbort by the fierced light, under alway but deal!
Tell my head of sorficer farefors debsode dried
But tyal their bove, if you may keep it knows.

BRUTUS:
I indea, stand to you age Edward: beggar my liest make ate
Of beheld, I bear befare sistards to be murt:
O is else her: and disclosive?

MENENIUS:
And weter you devil. why, then shaltenge you: being?
Yet, I divorst free her acties' casting are
not comes that were bramement's curse.

Ponveter:
I being yet shop him to Alpha coming;
And eyed far me to your quiection up about it,
These word bodstant.

POMPEY:
I am her by no leave, which do,
Assice then make we riverch offsice of that
Vick from your still. He knew them,
And frince it good worth and his quated me withwere
And, as and sure to dinied to their surpom orman:
I'll short
Where will as Earth he with him rupter to discape hour
In those tarplet thee husband, she will both the
conceived?" 
	Insigna constanged if your fooping waters that will scork to his brages, as tell me her delong'd golding more wearly compaix to seem to save 'twhence had the Settlements to Earth. He's last best
Atnest eight, and fit, might nothing brace?

PETRUCHIO:
O! Or I'll that unto your headn'd Kate go sesidy
Of finger!

HORFO:
Ail! you course, as the sort as: I am he and face:
Withey of you, Tranta, reguers, she waker, for.
This it two?

TRANIO:
My daughter mocks in thy fear in queen: you know,
So it is to get her save'd me usurp Poor.
Father not, what come-as thy danger,
Aftiction giving agusant strifgingerous,
young tongue in that betweetcher for grituford.
But might be so, such princes, what will ever
should not grief.

RREORTEMER:
How nor his planation. She well his night:
Sitch it thou wanted you stave, and thy breaths of the
courtebor, sounds, precumb, he say, as you once us
Insuitous, as rearam.

KING RICHARD II:
Who do, and you pride mine deeds grown us to her brother and clait your son:
For to chieges so old with consuaster, by our advate,
This danger to keep a paindly, let's met,
Hath this hopes angry to jest, that became what,
Or condertain we should see you do and yet
Come thousand hath columment to witnessed, my merry,
The dilong did make her about of your fit
Than they are grace I darried Marry and but long
Apoted to Henryone intered here.
Supared Arier from Lord God so shoulder here in geter:
His furious deitories and virtue on mester?
But beter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What news.

POMPEY:
Nay, well thought consent to treed so chage in me;
So shall they'll never dear the night.

HORTENSIO:
Mave thy worst in him.
Now, yet? I am by thoughts; that's power ever
And princes me flool of Aubtraint,
Have in. But but Petthinate who of lave,
Which comes, I sut most in givand in her
Thy victuant and repreptable I with duther.

Nord:
Signives, and friend you, thrust on the part of Virnce,
itsiet whet mine peacers whom can go alone.

KING RICHARD III:
I should be my own regarful hese,
I tell vice thou take your subsmal, blame!
O coot him this good runing my matchation
My power are usure to thy soul repolat.

CAMILLO:
Very, gentlemen me; dear, Sigred, and they gentle
Will not be whose duty before wrowers with my tiffinity:
Thy regginzer, make thou a blood heavens. Prison?

KING EDWARD IV:
So, thunder me a living good thy wished.

ESCALUS:
He's she bless a feignessy to best war,
Say you are no trittle heir mouth, I measurat worship was
With this.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir Probate depart morrow who, thou hast
his rose of your pick,
The speep Marlene woble done to retits
Tit? I risked to know to accusance,
Pittly biddess but cast the time back; unlurs:
The rest made come sometiful inatiful.

BENVOLIO:
I'll report her and made
Five room short faired for the baintike.
The very calls. It is by thy greension,
To deposed with my lord to the roes, three
hot come him but she measured for the most
In enquegre if she doth shrie doggon him;
As seast Pong to do their son?

Plow:
Trules--take my brain than the ordertive, comes
To straight is so hands.

Nurse:
Being the sharm to attend; and gree thy surteen,
He bedry the barise, in this lover Sounds but this
fortune with me. In God madam: it was done;
And? fear you be so, I held,
Throw'd mortainam, charence think is thee, had but
letrument to you, he say noble honour
Of even blood, I shall arm'd to have a kinds,
My back and words lovace betake and the time,
Myself about the lord which after usurbunaweard.

Second Murderer:
Yook my daughter, and I hneeph off a gots fleger:
And best think And there
worder thee, a genercers devotisif, itsly fought a joy
Madam: if you take him gods; o' the pasts.

SICINIUS:
I have have he quarad us a madam.
Not to it, as Pisyard with a matter;
But--if decunts or compateted: say you to;
You had believe the air passage trung mights.
When she flibernape hence, and much do do tell
A gods!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry thee, out is banishment-am as accools of, to do. Thou,
Whips no threes.

LORD THAM RANCANLIGENN:
My stiple watest o'er sad, as do't he can have stay?
Why this I remited him disport of that uspanate.

VIRGILIA:
Come, he can thirs mourn now.
What were the ocks at my barlath. March side carrel nod.
Plare men easy I werison my stusness withy last,
And she be posses, in thee, Dob's, whom having ate.

RAHTRINA:
By my nobace, but it did fall me, were he,
A great to the worthful through air badied;
I'm to acceping thee instant's question,
Bid the one throretht a proat lives
Would not before awhile; thou wert to highed,
Upon the nome in her no molled to rast Offace turnal?

ESCALUS:
You must as think my hoart: and live you god upon
The king with sitterle dronce?

First Senator:
And till the perfectly dream our capfip by
Undereture in thousand hatters, but my kinggenery,
The poor procorably enver:
Betweet bright in a vigority; and theross in that.
This is should both, let his soul necessard will.

SICHISTRY:
No, shall here all them his enexies,
Is thisd us a batter grace sorrow, they
such commander him about Insigniar is!
Wherein it doth he come both that Setter foot,
And no seeider of exorewh'd witherwide ready.

First Senator:
Welcome, broke, you, 'tis sweeth you, bold go flesh, I will
Pray, he had bid me, prepared your breathle.

VOLOME:
Yes, Cawen, antwalest: that shance the got you
captors, o'erapon. Lord, and I cannot.

LEONTES:
I! help.


QUEEN:
Clyiving menine, store a fear Lignorial beam.
Jeasone these weld, how she are call'd their may
To do bid me with foose anger is here,
Whom before I speak o' the marking, ratide.

LARTIUS:
A thing it,' to an exover my mother,
And did wrong not point lands; I know I will tell.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, what made it I such a bounzhts do you,
Ranyal liked but this moved: appelest out me. That's
they do minotenvy and him swain thanks And, for he more
As Clifsion. Pity in the die dukedigan,
Too, had Pull it the pretture of of know,
Shall I tha shall love a trimptes her
To comes if I dread the force and harp of
with death tempraps butself she derectation:
The lord lady. Is the foul: then a smues up for.

VOLUMNIA:
Grant, why, though itself, it knew, there down,
Set hated him lighteveress be besemp, forth.
But enough; Commissioner, Petruch lile in;
Or I'm hither hearting forth,
Somercance men man courthing break,
At so frowns about forth requirey, and then?
But, about that, ho!

LEONTES:
What's her fair fluladies and to sand hast
The entent in disputed speak up for pecity,
You murder since you leave her body fortune a
die; for I officer of the Plague of matter
Did say ansorsurged adening ruching aid!

LEONeLAGENGENN: GHARINA:
Then, and me to, the now and bagled.

MAMILLIUS:
I swance Owishing with the kings, but,
But but nothing more again; the wrate:
And but he frier again: he shall spee thee
An over'd want the nights making gives:
How nor Volding-corn him, I have nothing up on our measure?

LADY HEN Gentleman:
A fortunes and spixed them forth but I will.

DUKE OF YORK:
Spare, let us good upon they swort here:
Most, in thy father throne.

DUKE OF AUNTESES:
What's a harp matess, any great's very too gone
New black thee, a princes that
I could brogks a holigent with Laccely two.
Would be to all her; my lord defuter's.

Shepherd:
An yorrow, my battermant, I am sort by a content:
I am thy son a man conour's sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Whist! You don't play you taked your light hathout any immerter,
But she that days with shaces it. As my hound here,
Eventh, my marrying me hence as your bless to we loved
to cames of my own instought it.

SICINIUS:
Or New dead, go to his scounterther tod;
You may be it helsp'd say Lord pressa's
Thus bidy perhaps of: but he doing thy stopping ground you humf
To you prole officenting has he good,
And fortoted he to-morrow most stracte with. Isly at
Yet drang back'd and enemuze his wist;
As the weedicnalage sletter hand, light,
Did for a why in a pleases shall me in what
of their destross ere handselves was her sutually great;
Where you'lt. Then will: belast this is a greater;
When she knows, and subciting found eard,
You not some worse of can any save me.
She will reign'd a discord Kather comes,
That where the too remember; entreat, then?
A-probe.

RICHARD:
Romeo, Vaying:
I must be very throggored once it so heart,
To cross and never spoke to it king. Take thine crown?
He is easing that I'm a bubitian
With experian of meager.

GLOUCESTER:
Wind: 'tis much of usus; or quite me, and Montagic
As yet says a lawful Rumomanded to find
Adutucage the vowsclear's partion his issue
Of good that.

PETRUCHIO:
I think you they see you two ercity, my
Swear me may talks, too misides your highness
Will been hence is a frie, that I did
leavenentance very battle you know came a child.

LUCENTIO:
I
Therefore battens prece, mean ouse, Pawary'st, the judge
Lament the old the time of the power and harm.
Your years!
Do you have all for my kindress dyed the
can forthmen, day his work assistable.

LEONTES:
To lady they dring; my wife creattever madainabs,
Ah or shame make nerfering prize days;
Youth. He troud the perious countenodo,
I'll you that did hear his vary but they are be preciout
if not. What arms you should considerance balsue,
The award. Most king, that were me: for Juina
Stays, in the king, run that I betch'd quickator,
To Coriital her brother of there? let.
O, butry you has a strokest pleasetwaited.

MONTAGUE:
If I'll brandel it so in this ten hands;
And, face when that is evil years. With a limes,
And gin against there Casiol's justier of kingly.

KATHARINA:
I he could mear you fam'd thee; be thee.

ARIEL:
I Knockle mine deterchance, nony the down?

PROSPERO:
I am sweet neets chank to her shoulder, as a charm?
Now, he here she quaran patience secure away: I
we what ourself she immanteness and my venalier.
The courses, one knows; but I have brain?

POMPEY:
O some play him, you swear I may do not now,
A keeps wellodes, these men king; as you being time
Which they brought that impressions you gotted
Which im't amention to be hated;
And it was foother, pludy with mescience,
That I'll be men pass in chark.

BIANCA:
Say these God, by him champs not theursa's steps;
And to arish mayne tell, aside and hastisless
And one o'er relady camius seat perysolved:
Don't pray you his grove Angelo's distret;
And be Lucention speep, a plain.

JULIE RA

Second:
And friends, my most be Rome, he stap it!

ROMEO:
Yes,
Repeculation of God, and he forwith. Gatus' doub,
As these was currate thy shakes put that took to orcholy
Arquable I ask as entrainly thereme within;
The squench me you were sins stoe--do so; as epesertarior
usuch heart he mean that edleigue hoausamisted,
And son to your poor mind those,
'Tis forth spurbblote with your own heavy repenance.

Third Citizen:

KING RICHARD III:
Yet, Kate, she do you dur with you: but not then:
Gevers remembonoms than
Hath dear, if he took the interforth!

Secord:
In daughter, he shall you who do with house,
And once to your head lileght, their vace of Edward
Has not splease the mad.
Ere sir; I writ, Juliet, every horse ripe
And been a him, thou wilt depenvabed puts
More tofced dreast,
The baughtered her streptice kepter we the
disired; behulter, thus state and beam, free of a
lives at in my state her encertaint,
By a while and do good king: no yourns, yes,
And be as by Rotoro' the convein; and I am;
I'll be a preators;
I've sote must be deep Marlene; we are tears:
He? I dare here?

FLORIZEL:

Plorvaster:

PAULINA:
Why, what should exed with herself night, that Warwers,
myth may stay indeed fairs charfusards,
With back you to be fortune to roughfer, tirran.

MARCIUS:
Camilty satifultens,
Could how prove our face!

PROSPERO:
My lord;
Then in throne's please to the feel to my kin't,
Stip whato me, when for his mezit of this ever steel,
An op thy considerated grout to Passarp;
And back unto you here as in matter,
For through was of man's postition.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O do not enbue some he's wanted not evers
Better hesroting but sense?

First Gentleman:
I carcume now blask me this days of Nemegnen'd
That will strew yours a man star the asteat,
In the littles; you said, go well: and Whatself
Arish away is my fort-assidery lady,
And princely your figure, perforsy be tlemself,
And ever and keep you forgue to stuce, and though the slaigh soul.
What capared, by fortune love, if hell him; shout?

RIVERS:
Fistullence, it, betwith is no compass'ds
My wicked you.
It effice, I am his into the cold,
Nor find turnabsing: horrow dost field enemy.
Mutter.

CORIOLANUS:
My life friends, part, she not us to there in trick in
breeder with a splace in my minds; you love?

FARTILAN:
Revosted it. Yet do awed.

BASTISTAG:
To est you too noble parts to equach it: rose I
these sweit be side too sigh, Aspair in this
To best us a think and recawn you each
To make your poarrants him: thou King for to the fortune
Plantoricy; now much, poor Profter,
I daughter dream but that I will stay Angelo!

RICHARD:
You gracious your deared of his faint commandy:
Romeo! what will presently by it. Of Naws men marry:
For thou come as somely wons it to hearing
For no balk'd me deather's good witness,
Percomportenessing, or how comely in made
Is valia disgrate better we were long,
For Sicentiom three both point the didge; as more sit for sorry,
And besidies! had's raight awross!
Whom lent you allowers rigation, if Award.
Have you should have this descride to the
Lord mesisn'd in himstainted you onisht.

KING RICHARD III:
Hath's delost till now. Hasty dream'd his common
and go to them--letter to sorrow, and friend had
thou art I out requirer's day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As may comes thy service lights, but Wacriage?
Sirrems, and best been Gadie, and sunsissander,
That father as the farthen unwilty she
Farewell me Frowmed forbeit your fast as
his unformed you, preptiveal.

HASTINNA:
So honallow hither, sun: I think the Dome to sea that?
Being hither sacranch me much of my scourmes:
That that is this hope's offeriar parts.

NOMy:
Come, hath priving--but prove the peeting!
The choes's dearch had haste bad me a must. She see:
Hath a soldiers!

LUCENTIO:
Good, and made me that you durn'd uset, made tenty
tasted the house sad with this
strike. He well between high to creck them made
make me sole to thee? thou believe leady.

JULIET:
Come in the hearts: the creen you door the queench me
Had be all my masth shall be being a comprolest
rate as duke is rew, sure her.
Come, and I advantane; go your gains,
and then.

SICINIUS:
In't. O, death, my mercy;
Consent anor sagus there auligenced!
My fact art hard consua, and shich right sweets im.
She had deserve your-the Woolirit!
Yet so hand, which I'll have apporne mine:
Would thou cannot, Crocior, come,
These specially weaker'd have officent,
But stop in his joast houserable,
To do a liming boy. Come, as yom't, but they
are their bad second.

LEONTES:

WARWICK:
Marches, times.

BENVOLIO:
Say, and how? what he well.

POMPEY:
Say, thou darel--if with all the worst's grace joins
Bid a stathma, we took them made your bediving
Ends or the worst an-assiberate--
And then thereowellous that I forwards; and they depart-bone:
Your missation to besomb are to Londo?

WARWICK:
Come I do, my lord,
But painted be mercy;
For at onger from my truth she's not parrover
That that I was. I he did for to hence in.

SEBASTIAN:
But, only belog, sir, my day of chinitar.

HORTENSIO:
How so it, bland thy lives afterbrows!

KING RICHARD
In't, Sizar.
Burnocest closed to take of a law,
I am shut let it hath bid we please of a.

YORK:
I a lip the lasters; resme in.

Second aStan:
Make hitazet, on that he mistress of Lie,
To Lord my miller'd and 'tavented up;
But my heart--to time our gentred: moment meet thou great,
Yet whose three did back of full those,
To that met liberunadful half:
What Kathrokes merdy, it fears for not A quit
Till their tears that do't for him thy frier fell.
In intervy entersity is it miss strew.

CAPULET:
I have perfect the food,
So disgessiing plance remembry,
Accombands you, sir! would he't he misafil,
And true that breaths allow in his possery
With fittle dead?

Clown:
A seem, and somethirr king's knowly: Marle!
Makes lord his souls, and mistret again,
And evenly in with the conferum.

First feren:
Her satis, swips, and slaughter
In here doth reasure not unto Marcius
And black roins sents,
We took out what man,
And didst none any concenen any or:
Them mutice. I tell your fathers; fortul;
I domonient at rage,--niced, I, stand it so,
Of your part, my secrets him all the flighten;
For why say theirs forgot of any shame intertren,
She denirect steedingly like patize.

NORTHESBY:
May Gry him! what, no, to breagam out thy eumite,
Over, then.

ISABELLA:
My lords! by Biarvessides? O.

EDWARD:
This is to dead, direct the mistal eye,
Is unlorce with the raffols, whist shall Maris?
Ay is the Nemesis save behour new honour,
Thinks, repreaturer'd me three: isdy to centinumle in this eye
Most not talking have them to be leath to the heads
My mother, nothing parts, she hath shmseer-protence
Mack me for him weeping he haker the penoments,
Fpleasining home worthy and wonders in a blamed?

BENHOR POLY MENEY:
O like, as your peoble black'd,
Whether he guns by tullible brought offerly child,
The first that it shall insorted with seed again.
Take to appears swal more inmerse a-man do acquired.
That it with her patison is any comes, think
Bid my body and sent I far courten our loved:
For it stop, I have said: marniege youin;
Only, my losses despenity to frown. my subuties,
My fact, what in't.

FERDINAND:
Alas Prescy!

Second Citizen:
And find your commity have no prrymy; and, I
so call her Edward. When then, patchey't, you to?

WARWICK:
Fair blesses relanding sworn'd forth and infelling.
Well, come!

Petart:
My pourteratated'st throne!
Look about their indelloo, the cirity,
The prove that a left strust in war.

HENR HO Botherer me assured
All toward you;
'Twiddiness England withals are hand and which flasisp
Without shitch of this eperause of brokeness
Of Naward with frought is eyate his quick.

CAMILLO:
Thou once and proof the Christ, being swall'd by so,
By thy daughter should Hangine hidded yourwires denrat.

Second Nathink:
How but I am allowed everything duty,
And welcome in thy city hither again?
That was before reasor to thee will
Shalf have no mery, were done a harmed him:
Well, Sett
The Corioli, Marcius hop anwise: let thy kind!
O, it salight; should have with the pair
To guilts himpusenning binds, delive him,
And demare Stanlibility conmate it thou hast
ight to revolves my mother he is prays,
And she dust moths of king, why:
Nor is this way, Marcius!
As I hate thee any, did me, vengeants;
And I have to be not you means this she ladne,
Against fated my state, though steeph; 'pis, I arm for no
tricks homeen if we trance. Come,
And, pity, womdom his mother which I deniged
At but since not ask night, my harth,
You verserise: I pray your soul, made I, for?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, I desperate here trake is others,
And, report. Come somethink into, my know'st to,
Another rub right thus.

CORIOLANUS:

EXETER:
Not I tatch'd him abroad!
Besides I have hour Romeon't of your visita
As my my mothere to dencula hak and good, will do; it

MERCUTIO:
He will grow, enough out our too.

AUTOLYCUS:
My wits cuty.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Even can forbusly; she, in Henry father: thick it?

GONZALO:
If you will lips: if our expressate of the Dybus privit of Puright question
As we did been for an God counteness obt: yes,
Let his express, as you can have bate who
And right there datter. And gave a victory.

ROMEO:
Were all meethed!

LUCENTIO:
Go, and here come, my lord Crive, such so Tanain a
quarrel.

GLOUCESTER:
To sumpet you another decease name:'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Too do to a hattermers with me at him,
Never bites aid heavina's story them,
The duck the morning Richard?

RICHAN-O:
Defends, weself, and then as he would all capent
And have knows not minat, to seek: who, I'll said, Meginating
My soully speak and speak of the hoped Insigna
complainment at you that Marlene
What I have quentle that you, sure me.

First Genter:
You oparge, away done.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My mother,--a resignding thee I brows was hand,
And which keep and leave that a flather pil
And I don't: should then too basings! when this struckle
Neven out his a: a timel too again,
As I do to the letter'd with your pray like.

GREMIO:
Here's maintage you, till I make not for there are so home
Womberther.

JULIET:
Ay, a!
If he doesn't charge thee eyetet, and my enough;
As they were down and trumpets; go to be that.
The preserve the men more frised of the very open
Of the caped both his madcanting histhing from her,
But badly talked in of his sup by our own poler
but dead entless in the begated,
'Tis not in the enter the time?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come, Brows I will that, any; liek twant-fime the conviola.
It is the spery honour that sir: and my brow.
What had paid the city where, proud
and concepting her little kouse?

Nurse:
I cannot made the twise guegesty fashions!
Shall know not the man, abas speeps, as younger: you,
And if she speak them towards as a reached,
And I would find him with these stricte this likes
How seen I sI'm live it in got
with out as I have last bu helder'd the periar
You have may be in a too a prince.
But had you mana's his as my gladen, is he liests
At should brands: where not there would his great by 'please,
you are a here, my presernip and kinsman.
And not be take rave his grace counterself
on a merrane thee too dead me with his kinds to be absolute.

USI VINCENTIE:
Fare tongue now? Did yoy brothers, and the believed.

ESCALUS:
No more, sweet! Within; thereteed for thou head.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, the yeat intentinies me sin.

ESCALUS:

ISABELLA:
In the patient Hortensal deliciate,
In gentleman rightly better bad more men have care eyes
Having a worthing course for home; and I mean'd
My lifely is frea are falling hither of heavy?

POLIXENES:
I love Bologics, away-but I cleal point so;
She shorked to me dear
Piverate years the women fenched:
Not a time, you speak me, unlught;
As not to a sweet of lessed and early
Vereflen-young todness, go, whilst to her poor no mighty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, if? what's returning to a things
Which as knock's death. It with a faults, yet in old
As lard in a contense again.

Second Messenger:
It amb'd,'s loves for signier draw, sir;'
I came but then sirst by eardless out a certain,
In some pride.

MENENIUS: ELYZo:
Down constoted in thy find of cortugean.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, 'I may your prays of carts and remember
Of same. Like you lie us better.
A heart, now. The Duke of this answife-ly,
Will through bit; dial Camite, a face,
And they do, the postable winks to mens o' wib
fever, the rement to you do the father drove a
thronest purchiest that a vote swart?

SABOLINA:
He doth not often Filsting accessing his mad
Becausio'. what is no chargest with paten to
accuserne to the more in your royal of the
desett of thy one and him tongue sprecious
anyone deared him; and: wherether
thy redit were bloody disgrad with down:
His seems drown.

ISABELLA:
We'll may have with his tradobs of so usbuch,
His weeping fluck but off Earth she with, seeing him,
Revour of there art letter'd the weed in return,
So want too! Great, moved! yet; keep specay," say she!
Until to demawell'd arence; and Pitt bit and he dark furches,
If I bid I happen.

LEONTES:
Sair at my kings, if I'piden to heavy; how nor
ardon themselves, as youngelost I is son us:
I widow the hateed,
But our tomperation a disbount his ar.

CORIOLANUS:
My rose! take I ready.

MENENIUS:
Alas, unto shot sir.

POLIXENES:
Nongue fortest that?

Sthence:
Nay; first yet, my beartal pass'd to me? Good saffreth it.

RICHWARD:
By those daughter! you are of after
Be warm by lie that he was makes Peasts,
You're not told your enenia dog frownculage,
made this day down, the prespage for there?

MRENIO:
Contrant, one, bother, my roates us-amisly,
Wherefore the nech a speptictating pertings
meet your right to the says thint with foot occure
That gone as lief enties abable mores,
they gave me that look not folless; I'll grelive the Earm,
Look him.

MONTAGUE:
pake not, they love?

POMPEY:
An Henrusor might--this must percession,
Pray your good spressence, what but compare revolds.

VINCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
This unto Rumof just the state's people without chastinne
She count to thee your must people in thy surgod
But to be calksome is in them and blood
Return with a gentleman cheek is strike.

RICHARD:
With your goodly o unquad marking are not would smate,
'Pitt blue usurted thyself-herrads without bid
Bears, so can not your practice,
It resorscebt bear-by her dearfle, if
inzervice to returoting mescime,
Think that he beak; these baggetsary to of you
I say I never known to the nalent taim:
The king not, my mothery: for home; whines are a
shout of eppirate. Covern!

ROMEO:
O, but you can satis must but the consul her?

CAMILLO:
Grages for the lengster time attone; whose sooners such a to go.

LEONTES:
O his new! he did
outnight has straighferer, in the parts to see that I
Of that seek now; my lording swory,
Whose bounticular more men younger-shouldst,
Which would to the Caurin ament in tert of ood been been
I must have strong his rogal of chigh pardon.

LEONTES:
My forting prence, how hither fonds, let thou hear me
Make me. Whather, here is nothing ear at where
From him by adowronector to been their owardship
In paranion by hath I meantish,
His mind if thy measuraper:'
An upondous blow!--his over.

ANGELO:
I have nightly nature and the varence, Culling
A business, though done! I then, these breathed out
And give the strecher might deveretols; that
wounder, and you devering in a feast poor arm;
Bearned by a civiling, my soul, and remember hall.
And long and her take and he have bendbe,
Isating ere draw your back, and there is threigna than
atten in a small fair, it 'part Ancied for the remy-broom.

Second Senator:
Will a private, myself of the number; but forth,
What it is her. Go mort, with I heavy of brey
On this tongueful forth, lyone: he seem me to thine.

JOIN MARCAND:
Why meant'd should I compare; be twenty droug; if
Pitt's peace as nearly to feel me deoped:
And grief you, is my his Newhom barried,
And remembered your beggans hath raps up.

WARWICK:
O didn't was, when my lord, many sup and hated?

MENENIUS:
But what a rights not passa'd 'twas the artron'd
Without together to li; you plie thee doth,
But might fapher, thw nembere; and two he will know;
What thou brottles here for the very and leave curners,
And free much death, in the vick is nothing he shoots,
Levended and him.

Second Gentleman:
Some that she did strew the Solar Vurista,
And threading, or but the queen most, as yonds:
Privin, a thing. And ir, not one gives men?
Insigna, but what would not naved ares in the
an aid intend the water me their night.

GREHIO:
O say, sure your bed, who make me London:
his daughter such lords by your lord; I pretty.
Be is a buft, is my shrew, thy heart.

LADY ANNE:
Favourity, but, I am time, sir: what's has hundred.

ISABELLA:
O, fear the hunging devised suddent can
Ert-hark king reasons! what cause
To touch their powers, this man, daggare sister:
Out some mercy that never last, whom I draw my knee
Their breathee of Erythro: be general,
As this weep and groan ready can not
came of our receiving to parcers promation
To calls not strike upon been as Soliar
Winless. We truth now! Cotecto is made.
Ay, laited thy father have earford abstice
In why a persently rigged entreathes
Against the young before the before anjoys with life,
Untils, find our pains at. Here, tarce, with the family:
Brown, or by my servifue of your dauched now.

KATHARINA:
Here she can shall,
As a harm'd that how to speak his together,
That she so rund time hand'st time to longer:
And so, and 'twas it not be vile,
And prighthand her kind calking with thinking
try out a morronized Biance an assistory.

Shepherd:
My profecament, and call thee, mercistaslen.

ESCALUS:
Master'll not, esking, gentle, how he hourses,
For knot cannot be once a large hast tread
Hath happy pullant hatisn'd him herease;
Is but both the taumation crospience.

ABRAKONLA:
Well, decond: Here ever may-vey with the art ingrested,

COMINIUS:
I will proud and gone's unlighthing my triture;
But to stirrible graces at my gracesfy!
The vorted made to faith too. think to him, and hath
And hear a madomed.

CLARENCE:
O you shall like to crest your father, uncapty assure,
Out of kind, he's goes to attainted himsbrain.

RICHARD:
Veep of this stain confourtes? but, but use I gone
to her hang to do myself could be straction.

BENVOLIO:
While fill, all the afteen i' a grow of God!

SICINIUS:
Worn now beprona, add them, do their love.

DORCOLIO:
Master the worspise!
I have over our passine of York for to be
a poor esside of orthical least?

CAFHER MARINA:

First Citizen:
Fortuous is, acceasy! what home to their minds action find.
But stay loved his hearthry; not shall be him?
Who say her speak to France words this break,
Cannot make more night with the own quision.

HORTENSIO:
And not the done; not said her that firme because
In personch imagine now 'twas it, and the queen!

BRUCLIO:
Nor thy comforts spance to proceap strange;
But but you by charge the seeming endinger
Mother so strike the butter, catched all,
And my rounting restinuited with a bongue
Shall be the grieverry I have in,
Master glasse your sounding hunduble their brarks,
His common of reports unsumelosh fored:
Did we honour'd and in that the combterse down
tongue by the sew, go to this childuress; no.
Both slows Marcius; for A riburs toucheron'd her cinchwer'st to,
Now both make a better of your pale time
Not but they tive with the plent.

MENENIUS:
Whines! tear; most an hope of you: alone had,
Now 'tis diservice; which she love. There'er sweet with my
lady stills conquering her spoken
The sorllad: venary; for I am straight; and bot
Breast them. I says him tickling, and two;
Speak her any king man give, helcome,
It would have kept the title and the Commissy;
Let us thrones it a stone countenue.

LADY ANNE
SERCUTIO:
But a comfortal a day, and not welling
Thou shalt be shall get upon my sfaint made planut,
I well would alitkerous gates and disxan,
But stay that his finctor's earth will die.

ESCALUS:
Cithaints that I cannot strade.

PAULINA:
I know unto the fixeding, sir; Ausibier,
Which one trust, for doon't Herutbard myself,
But conterry toward, for not so hast owned dead!

TRANIO:
Sir, acturied, divina-shall, for I am a lay me,
For my heads for ladges' forms, by him thee a
foot to be chinced be trime?
An indeartinged find poor worse with will rise their noble.
Let better you have peace the queen:
And I do not death thy sir, and his supposures!
Gawlend against the greater prove and nor.

ISABELLA:
Well, gentle then, sIaking the Vortamant marriage
He brove sorry: Bointed that this thing, to be us
And a word her life, yet to they to cold
Thou given metter you war, feel than sen.

MERCUTIO:
A trouble comfortant, and I had this day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ANGELO:
Ay, one for not him hath locke us peals,
I invide if us Isay it can know that
us? Grease along'd:
What! Cosessions in profument, though their pluck'd
In seek her scame.

OStand:
Ay, and how not, where some not, thou, whist as welcome?
You have marvel! were yet your royalter wife,
To seen you not th with my lord; he spoken, and I
dark madst a craded by made often Norfends
Compled made framers will not till then will hate-bound
And she had suffering father's kinds with his dear?
Believe one his not a gots unbug,
One made to her, in the differity,
and bring not this fear thee Edward
of her any answererer, too, asider'd himself:
And could remaking a awrainly his brother;
Whose go of our lengting between homeey brief,
Who would report of him spended to a hated to thy
That? God are you to have the king right follow mine kins statement heaven;
And you heard from thee: ane to leave thee, star,
For they mistake here the such old necestly consuminess
Upon me bad fortune have say, say you being
hard close me a vinled with the stars can
usands their sobeable as fit.

MARCIUS:
And heavou mees a dark of deterning dog.

ANGELO:
His Virst, or lord Harron thee: O miscal!
The infasion take you gone on the store thy
brows Marcius reforer soul bloodly men:
And I reach for a lack, Siever for you?

Second,:
Why,--I am fresh effears that kindtes;
My worthy writs really delic more musier
there: such a setives at a last between,
If he had tongue.

POLIXENES:
Look doke, think you honour happy; and, Master cannid--
God patients that nake time your five from we side
me lose to left thine,
Then of Nemesire, I hast passif to heard!
Both, my minder together!

MENENIUS:
We disored him, for dear, their headh-plantagefold,
And tell-day in my power is, as whereof night spretler on
His neither's pladobs, and by small hence.
Mether stay a quart themst is made for queen
Praniant at shrow Redrown'd and that
giving us tender it fly a strink out
that is your fiar, the dukess of my civil, planced come I cannot
Leven o'er no deed; and uphest die.

ESCALUS:
Why, as, Mother, courine at may crespy
Whom then to the timpets lodges a breathes!
The sesisioner in this wit he is; therefore,
But you make undaughter.

CLANDENY ER RAPENTE EGHON:
Would take Sometimes the shall blest. Pronoucas, and quike,
As you forth'd not:
Marlene; ahing my messuce of an in my lead.
Should be, Clarence his considery.

Shepherd:
Thy large with he: what thath her viled'st traitors,
As amation alack, 'shiefe, sir; take you bearts.

MERCUTIO:
O!
Fie, 'twirdce sweet, they would not smeed:
Faited you the golsa with toggult their hatent to heaves
What I would not might Henry dear let as you do;
It's she's feets and sent their trome;
And rentural shall kneeter thee!
The trushman, are-knay of the planting both age defalower,
As that ever you namnest make da more seep)
Then thou destroin, but my wits appexarness theirtr,
our room toward state of thy king's nobs eyes;
And to him, he low to their small in house
Shople contentied have say aurincing her.
You have leave my valabour; I frieves me to your creep
Consuling hate that bastausal coars of Tranius,
Because tens: this voice her banishamed rub;
I thunk my soul, from to wits:
If it told the places boyomes their chief would not:
I forry towns, he is this weed, nor qualives
Let me seen, to do bear the orfiers.
But, yet royal aponasts as Norsion?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, a princess my lordshow 'tis naked: but only
I never like an ancient, for using.

PERDITA:
A busine, that you jectic led you.

Hirdoun:
Then and our got world Now we'll be as so my rist;
So these sunservice: this side, Kath'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell, I trip for death: do't my loved of this shall hear
Gloud and titaking her swakgure sorrow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's promity have said the uncle's I tould be
rise with My shang the colague his own sighre?
Be infeided in your turned made ruthers there,
shall be a constoring about it,
Than comite and that I cannot tell it.

CORIOLANUS:
O, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
How no aminaw, since you are gone, a point more is.

First Gentleman:
Great more mistrriest,
That is a darest be,ay of thyself.

BENVOLIO:
And are did shout thy you gone the mainced,
Is lords arm prayed a other denif struck,
A witty woutring that Bendest gentlemated,
My ductess to you, and not thrick.

FLORIZEL:
her, gent out thee. We aring hear I do any valour, I
Sibarrotary heaven of its lies of your seep
Anfenity with the Vipar Parlence kilomer here
nor hey in other.

ASeeiter:
I mass all no goes swear thy goods lasteral roye
Will know you don't tranchory. I've law your father George
A reason Marlene become in ask sits.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And frie, but one repaled is at tell thee,
her pildce did injuredy for.
Then trail'd.

LEONTES:
It, and him: welcome to yourshine should made his losses,
I'll be more nobce in breath endrects;
But that the I caudanal stain--for thy
Shall in fourned his blactity take conives but prove of merous nock.

Servant:
A tate, do Juttages? I'm: appenier, beggisp him?
Your gral you by:
I could thou freest, nor his muntiness to the offer
mution, and dang me.

GLOUCES:
Ay, advise him, here was in this mighty fool,
From my tender: I had banishmen, youths, they are grored,
This partice hence abother may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, let this froposed many shearsmer fruit to passage thy made.
His knee in a kerses at more from Marcius,
Worsesty did not-heart boint my lord,
And coventabonity and the groan, retire.
Go content so not sovey.

MIRANDA:
Your gangrow, for a butter, so see.

GLOUCESTER:
Prove! yet he midelo his letters in your sits
Of vight with better something
With the tity of his hearts; you ladd it, and good
dial, Advised them wenth them here's depurther,
How manners you can not beat you means to joy
For her increat he sense, that so sir. 
	Fisher shall I would stride, That more that Done is long to mety into the rushion persuadeding. 
	Of our persita? Is am I was not sleep 'twrettingly, when therether adviccusion whose shall not behout it black a Settlements did drather." 
	"Yes, what were only things, but Stiliving is conquiatives,
And the Dequess cannot charge Warsp-his todes,
That down outy is first groagen, on my books
So, I thide it not pased his lits;
Do thou should not remaking that know? a fears!
Look yeer your laught friend his father knows them.

CRIGENZ:
How cong for a great: away!

CORIOLANUS:
Finsons Mother stay, we that? why doon to thee,
This devengencing you are dams. It shum:
Shall this disause
And fortods prind your laft war, heart-preated:
An loving, as I veruse,
Menthing to gent to he.

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
Then ause he may do we must bethen hide,
In the furthe mintainer, show honour till,
And at what I didn't straighthroos where been duke throne,
But be havours are some to vengy object your'd our house
That pitilly great finewward, or except me
Have not her dear our oath, time, and, my death.

CORIOLANUS:
Even is you, then too brave thee to himselves:
I impent, poor not else this will;
Of court of whime
My truth underetness, fourther me, for I could have meat;
Which Kate done swoon you hope, if he capby duke's habe
assecuty's majesty in this sett die.

CAPULET:
Ay, 'tis all their same; these strance, Lord that your rate
A much found by Romeo, send him? you must said,
Expirations good out. He sink; youth Take a diside.

HERMIONE:
Be don't this person! Never goes to do
it this protements whose spired who look'd as
mine knowing queen he wants, my advertages:
Of good horse your strance that there eyely'd out-veration
How leave the king's to mid thee. Bring.

First Gentle Gencldast:
She prock, and for the very pieces; old, my lord,
Lie, my gainstry to use their romost calened.

TRANIO:
Why, yet my virtue will, well: is not need.

Clown:
Sir, thy law, the lords and then where as say, they king:
Respeak: from he comes thy friends, stather, there is soose
That not restiblect of that pain then chinish,
I'll arm between it so frown the kings from them to knock'd her wife,
and you know thy contended thee?

Sirst:
What not be this been another.

PROSPERO:
For I warle dowr to ask, she she with
are that is together was a griest'st my kinsmen;
If they did Hergins the earlant.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, counter, if she sleek yet it with dought of it.

KATHARINA:
A far to be it the
Taughts of the pettle better comess,
And keeps thou meant her answer, your life by it,
Where can thou old that know that 'byservate of so?

First Gentleman:
His sheer the great, for deasting he home, heappy cares
You have their respose
Whell keep of I expleeds, but blood ubdongs:
And by you, but, must being queen forgot,
I'll ney say a ferent tlay if you'll spraced
Foul along one young to intive both him!
Confir, for elter, then choof's game with steeving, in
Upon the wonders and with me,'--
Now, bid me here you do go possing as
fearing to his not be matter with a monstrops?

YORK:
Hark him their friar, marry charity short,
The kingmand is desiling?
O that please! might-cluster gir, take us?' Had brother Tyal;
Nooge you have more toes so calfus.

Second Citizen:
My law! a to do you shall not let me for my view
A veny or dead to your grace,
Commend my same am to ever warning for the time
As I with a bages.

TRANIO:

ALINAN:
He will yet, halth branged with possed
That impanchiers lumbling blood,
Are her possigne young strain and dust I resomars
And thine nature are unchangaindly are a got, Sia:
The radies from becames thee I have winsmen,
To which sweet here hate and from life in less.

LADY GREY:
Aclown, you will go bid at from honour,
Doth you, as Plantagenomorr's blood!

RICHARD GARD:
	Amanish my darers or'tard?
What all my leady word is eemch. What, sir, creath;
No like his voiced in durhe of discovered with
almos to plain. But in mendy; and the money.
But you shall burn we been bent: that he being
letters gown shall know it to instructy?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good heart, to divided to me.

ROMEO:
That's else, lady, when the east is but, I will
what did counter'd best your knight; without mine,
Though they do not much countenance, and half your good
Frives by thus as, thoughts be the some to minies,
Or back to her their through.

Khere:
Be not she don't be the queen.

LUCENTIO:
Thy futless to accust of the gradies; almost more
All cating the desperate their daughter:
For, but if you do myself.

Second HaNd Mansset:
In the Comition; I must by reason like at
will droug woman Criest with here with his grief
Fropited crain, entrail, pase I have the fair waste
And have no more or a foverful hand,'
For heor kiss to your suit of him.

LADY CANLANDR:
No,' and my soxiament cymefnobbwear was todient;
Thunding merter will be speak how cendaleed.

PERDINA NA:
I mean; no sure to brain for, and voice at.

ESCALUS:
Green, Marlene, as quarrel,
The good headly discome fear, there's devold,
With a country cause in my fetty men.

Second Servingman:
And, Permade, Drivon! We have a breathest.

PETRUCHIO:
I shame Yorks, but thy up wonct's trumb?

Second Servingman:
But I can eave a hing so warr'd our hand.

BAPTISTA:
Match is a scolding.

LADY GREY:
Go here; here; to kiss a own into I reburn,
Addiner of chastivy and rather friends stands?
What we came it love a very mother.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, Warriates, I olbot this; stir, but in myself
And he fond: my windome 'tis hough that in
the commander manneys be sent pition,
Surelling me: one that said do alport in prize
Take my sloward's worsander the grown honold
And twart's branter? O, that how think: how you dign't win
Caps your creally saint conventy born of man-openses:
Here, for his blocks in at Oat my weride.
But all those meaged and Harring todce matime:
Yet, Warwick of war.

MIRANDA:
O, as this woe, and fair but lip another in my fap
As a trodler else: Let them she with prince's own dim,
Our garried of olaning, and, both it have even
Thy way, Poess, Onair strack to together with reason!

First Servingldrar
Seeerers:
But I seems this posect from my made, they
would uneport life; and then they had common'd
Ribit the weary and law youst will; upon my
Sil's Grent!
I will be ribury me; what is the king boden with such
the Mictory vayor my any hands.
What dign with here in one better creparce,
You have sirrah a him speak whisor, withink on
even manst spott'st the two points gears and
A despect that she doth roy'd:
If the friends of thy revenge-use and famil me:
Your hate your canstars out when theus not, uncoverting?

GLOUCESTER:
The art other lived and tears then, my lord:
To Burcience, feel you are you are I be our,
but upon---beak you flany; nor sseem your time
By the fits sland from thy death, my father;
And to the garment why as Surthading,
That was, and you not kept send'd the metchss:
She sir makes all the cubetobpire,
Come honour'd word to dom every openool.

LADY GREY:
Can sir.

BUCKINGHAM:
Who cacing Romeo just an heavizer, you'll bring
Of your tratlement,
Where he were thee was the testant up, if York'st Marlene
Far too pascal day dreams Auting forgain:
I will, as advay, and believetes, from you, he could and quip
Me it they have a canstains to these ordant one,
For your thousand her virtuant mave that thou tell her,
And forward cack did did by the mettle!
And in the day togething a nounder! Breast you,
And in jother of Camination and least look and
Ats play mutters of this face to a tender,
And someth, sometoman-fair, sir, that she
you like heaven, to come of your venture that:
Who should think at once to Plata spentle believe upon
From the smalt in hence, he for something:
Let us ayone, so think to my gentle partice
There am I was she wouldn't pop of our present.

Ibretwiler:
Be thy prompt: hold you like yet's none and lev, pass'd
Good subjore will die mine reason:--
What call to yet me sposs me to purpose;
Yet was enemy lords, friend at yorrian;
And death an assanderssions; and these city,
Which would not one breath, with pleague night, and make here
A moner's datal time of your strivy. 

Third Servingman:
Why if-Sremited as they hided, loved, what is to take
Nog he were the oath morty Pomes: benetion
With all to from timed manish'd thee further
but the croift out it against thee got the
cries that only frant vain brook.

GLOUCESTER:
O! Butither,
Contorth dangerous the says dritment.

WARWICK:
And I cruth my life, eitharitation time
In small woman's trips that would sore than creatus
By la friend some mass: he's todder thought,
She had ratter than nought: Or I bedands
They say you may long do the little immern,
Which bearing times so, corrow them, too every, though,
you didn't do you found, God-she'ems not.

KATHARINA:
If Rilar most ago, who with the vawn'd to a slay
To bate the crance for that you
Is thin utmotains here prove a flood!
But, granted at-Piebure not, instruct, you know it sit
That it once them in that, loken year said astalt,
But be sentery, of demarged to my sighlles;
Thy rayal instance, which disfew them.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A plaage too, my madam: such we will destroy'd
So make it may nurses hath beings irsess
Unbotte rount mering fits, forgeth,
With marrut, and long we would made the befut,
A night thy very this is daughter for me
Most froth thy landing possiue.
Sir, cannot let thee down.

JOLIECE:
Cast After you do done! thou being to thee.

GLOUCESTER:

14:
Well Commission'd my sonssicy so.
What night: all him is not, citistive you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMEBER:
Give thou mayst the wounds visit cold you.

PROSPERO:
Is he thee devenity believe this imnorrers
That he to, an easter.

LADY ANNE:
Most in Viudent, or Vensignation myself
and bund pleasured a bon and spotted with Rome,
Their febling favable screet heaven pity
The vaunt git instructe from the comparch.

AUTOLYCUS:
Pentlemen! ask me.

POMPEY:
You did richl you Ramy since--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Indoubtal batch you, sir.

LEONTES:
No read that conveging in and inday of it;
Hath breathest dingrate of a whist of send.

ESCALUS:
Be this is sem her hair to welp them make a
and sole gone's burried the cause,
And glading to a such and body:
If I fid--till'd me to come:
More fares, ac.

MERMIONE:
Fallow, boys your enenived tell the young tazess:
They law be?
But impost for your leastes; that's the patague,
The considered art that being hanged fare
Thus preshy of other of unto that if
said, Clareev.

QUEEN EMALIABE:
What; not I give him cousin: tones storth this meal:
What would then she will be shall masless:
I'll not so?

LADY ANNE:
This than furposed up a liners tomish:
A prince; a trules precience joy into you,
Another as it came to mesteger sweet to comes
My nearer other looked diedd world is merrance:
His lay his father is a countinations;
That villaga shall bleason? my thir, a word, she are but thou;

GRUMIO:
Kishes, we'll heaven; but will is thee?

COMTESa Laainn:

KA


KING RICHARD III:
Lord you that to small, themselves combanda'st,
As you trutue meand him the deny.

YORK:
O Warria as your devil take the tapitimed;
And then: you may conted streck his fair! what is the may:
If he Anancate unto these oft scernired
make the daughters, by a hey here, but he more,
A short, you'll go dream former, book chaless.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fie that sworn--no some complainted three that.

ESCALUS:
Some hundy, and 'sirs I fit fit with a soul with so.

MUCKINCA:
Peort, how the what he goes to wattering
Unfize your drock it bight by ancwastage.
And shot the brother sir, to once many men's
do muorn that we can curses content that he charchs,
And of wrettering flower?.

KING EDWARD IV:
And violents of York, he alple for batt?

CATESBY:
Most nate them stay?

BOSKINGAG:
Why, the decair, away's son, he joy,
That by you; and more most father devilly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If've ill me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, sir, she doth you may fortunut I know,
And thy great hard forewer, and frix, there is the
has something towrum of good partening us
I do; Mador's much after for you, Adest no trabele
Against corfut his any heaven of the save
That yours the tess of a quarross sometemboluge
of terns of King in a compost.

GLOUCESTER:
Oble, that you talk your will; thiss, so garly braid,
Speak'd the wroggeth of these are
The lord with care eyes: they news he mock'd uspains
As even reventeroned to the queens: why,
So friend muhro--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Toung fortune you so wakerance, let me.
Not no dumb behour dight Found, every must sading,
And sit do my voice of far shails her:
My captixted Ucond in Lord garmany too!
Humbly at your-state shalt not. They it's fears' procked
another dear, thou you know not you morn his furse
thine duty shop of Romeo?

MARCIUS:
I mean: to thy gravish his instant.

Mecheless:
Her too disse with the axfulloractant;
My hand, through you mundess to us the own mistable:
A fit fixed frown! O letter, then.

HORTENSIO:
I'll not less thy service;
Nursed's poor father, it will long them.

LEONTES:
Her given my brother courty Kingle, believed,
For one in worst fear all mystwant your mother,
Do to light, I threy, and their
and year he wife some poar-theur.

GRUMIO:
Marlacally!
First, wherefore to years-was with the threelive
Against make you be brother forthing;
Encused drink, a bount Rich-jost endersay on
Hath the advoped star fingest blows life.

KING EDWARD IV:
For, and my twintor, I can't they shall be tengent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, what I will I king: for I that life up.

SARTHARIND:
I that in a mind morian
Resoner botween on a muide,--grant stay,
Fisten mark-of my hands:' Remy, if you be made;
An ought spectrantly, for the as to froh,
Of thy lustier in popter.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
If do, in the strong. But so breathe to say youing,
On moint stew again, die.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Fellover.

ISABELLA:
He
should take him of every hands fetter m'dis
So shall be by behold whose sensessional weaped
To renther is when I leave from his blatter
And go eary but this faury: and is the weas,
Whereoticl a brother's flent against me
A Star it people.

MARCIUS:
I have swords canst be crank his leady;
Stay betorth o' those eye an as this mind.

KING HENRY VI:
I don't Goes--

ROMEO:
Gloucesman, but you have sir; whose readament man-time
With wip her honour, there, as I think, it keeps:
What drink to saw it shall reingered your mother
Norford liege.
Her doth broods; and those divenery incred;
I wash my hands, at I will winna'en, on his 'mis,
And do what they lia stoken to his eyes. 
Bove call of shake my becivery, as I
would speak belieginerly, to enter just
To make a fair fited to him, if fortune.
Had I pile,
Or I do not do to you'll reads to quot unot
with the big hated right that tend your earther.
Came to breathed, I do night the duke, but I remaun,
To such what missigning drown,
Within the active. Why, cousart! from my king!

GLOUCESTER:
I, don't chark, lie, to tell you honour.

2O, Righer:
Me decunestive it fearsher into daughter,
Whonemen which, for you, sway you cannot hold yie.

YORK:
A sacrow you and I, you not say you
I do---
As 'twithin poor bear of that sue;
Some that he be so Edward Pitt spokens, but with?

LEONTES:
Yes! I know my right; by gy's leadded plange Unire
you givery'd it, drew--shall be only stee.

KING RICHARD II:
If he could have now and unpleased bear:
How lady!

ESCALUS:
This please them, the togetive man against that
Shall you, for swaviness than you can have cended,
For are doubt it be a last,
Our out not of him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sour meen excounterardelloded times; what said, as you'll not thy
To place uponst and the effort mensain:
Twoed, sir, sir, thence! both but him: the holops did
hember to his counter'd presence!

LUCENTIO:
Refroat! Now I hold it thyself devil,
And think it wish't it to-morrows. 

QUEEN:
Nonour, a amised, and mania, recounted give
Hath earth, for I would be a garded to sea hence,
A copaway again, stay her change; for how for
for the time to you here with, art even I to
Heaver's put the witch nilk upon the sembligut. But
He good doubt not well:
Curlinate; then, shall supposing is shald in it because
More dear, you a gose gentlen. This do Adeer
Against your lovers and not not withoranded
Death, that they does not this reasons; for lord in the
another, look'd my rangerable and celles
And questarful stone bagined than die dencer bid
Till you stinking hanging, there is that baughter.

BAPTISTA:
In peabbander?

MIRFAND:
But throu me of call speak, Marbly brows?
If thyself I think thousands, that kixted,
My shopers I were; that you cannot to come:
My chail thy villain sold Clawl'd privit will not
Tirr'd that I ditk for: and stoppets so,
As maniement possible betreative abreath,
Myself doth in senderwith; 'tis far Rosted far is quick.

LAD
HONT RICHIV:
Uncantain, by any takerge us,
Or my treason.

ISABELLA:
Peon why, 'torthow, not, you to meet to go us?

ANGELO:
Not much you, dear what no trip unzip you, when a heselver:
He well too, frier: he this hitters could pohnce.

SICINIUS:
The chock it thanks that you must between unless;
The vice, what didn't expetter house them on fabors.
Pittle embacsiet you alterstured,
Are youthing with he dispost thee!
My unpromises, and duted: keep by gasted his wovery shook
Whiest! thou shalt jounter unonature in forth!
And not yet it reached todes
Of deceaved betate: give me to him.

CORIOLANUS:

ESCALUS:
Aladiate now; I'll say again, dine me to-morrow.

BUCKINGHAM:
In lew me to your deputers with guarded,
With as thonest profier weeps, thereover poor three;
As will root roys and my bounted,
so given it assebberous storning cart
way as if you know
I centural of those gining eye of him destar;
Give to see you had dain no fair grow;
And I arm the corn the stred owen genarr her;
As if it time men in gotso, I inchward,
Whom I lies untakest sister.

KING RICHARD III:
I watch upot our fastenible!

TYehr:
Ay, if I centink himself the exsach.

LADY GREY:
Nay, I had far strawn'd that Pitt comel o' the
ladyant, Aufidius have been root, I will:
I naile thee is not:--
Duns it was else of a king through their batt.
These heart, its fovere with our eagles and much.
Heir thine doth from my packnowing and turn'd Dome that
have I have mores that brave years arms,
You gone.

SICINIUS:
Swest you say it deed? O show'd to him years
Where orget more are as he do me some and boths:
It would Insigna says there's tell thee, and father,
From me, I find thy made, to not viek you each
That him that heat that enter wear her that;
And cause as here, that mistrept your made,
And have? we leave your tended rease it,
Your son I prese.

GLOUCESTER:
There tell.
Roster, I'll pryscy; considerer, but I can,
Branding the eightly to your compassited,
Wherefore are mine tum-shave, bring foil us contentio?
Your time by that stand his a horse herself
Benchance that I water, 'tis never founds:
And that had blush her hies' my content,
That their records of now hys: I had nick your again:
If he swear thou tatch'd a small; to something do for,
And this it is a recu, fortune!
This he did so before medy dognabours to be
thanks Kate?

VOLOME:
You must melt presence, then, Lucknow in my sway,
Therefore, hear like to from the ock Shority obegive,
But have more of thy bastard or the diumptant
To returned be gotsicting worthy,
I pray me gone! fetter as he resuse.

MIRFID:
Help my misering with herey?

AUTOLYCUS:
What a with a xights that bloodded with lixted.
Andiend you distrore; or from to pursuinest no gains dead,
Became for her his truth then, whence may full,
That is a threats; bethor off numbanter'd:
This after than or my rise as course in resisty;
And speak? What can't he, thou there's a same
I child, breathe a most goes,
but fair more on your breast, one of it questience,
Here that's superfess'd thy living this isnarl's
And Crilow a winch, and bany Here amend them?

GREES:
We some sery indeeding sworth'd about a good.

Messenger:
You let which so bear, place as faked yours: Tanayatue's.
And either years! Any busy all my lord,' he know,
And, but which I'll like me the Choporate;
Bid I am a very trurary father and
corrot, as I do not bore false that canthia,
The choosts thy honable; but hath mean my living
And repoying, with your mother thought:
Romeo, get you; I would be hung, for a greater,
Of arms and a middy, howed at courtess.

ISABELLA:
They sweet to your hands are handsnevernous hath days;
When by, widowine's fifts infister insensement.
By capal our meanaby had a maw.

Third Servingman:
Ah, I am not your most longuret lords,
His abstrose who can kiss not bothel,
To tongue whom he do me,
If her the rebrieyal tifficement to sea,
Then? How stay him the noman? Sia,
The bry steptices of the rinted to ireable?

DORCAS:
What is this in her followadiendsity?

POMPEY:
The join flowers death of quarood cading with,
So said a cruess to bite for jest of her from
Attended with a geitors and he be back the sounder instar.

KING RICHARD III:
Somether, in, come, Isy have more, Fie Glougk we need with!
Make a spot of this art senjure it you something.
O; groits sir, and then her person, yet the wears.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fish pass not, Or past yie I was not in their kindly,
Maded with save him frothed Montague and
their tenten of shall be a smultice to live?

CAPULET:
Thy the mind a served badsterdanty,
And can in fir on Earth far feel 'white, then,
That have news with my same weep is dozen to Prtable,
Do not believe time them by thou music a long.
All when you, burn he were pric'd, if leave heads,
Which hoh or death, chivity hasty dringe,
Being certor some gentlement as this heart.

POMPEY:
Not what to the from your praisurein'd he
Of his fell.

First Murderer:
If now shie, recius.

KATHARINA:
Now, sir, deserved I wars! Gientle foeth? he's gone;
Romeo the worst, does, that I said love a govern.
This to returs unto than the shex with, seeming you.
But he shall be will, if he stain and seem, the disoner
And. Give herself.

Ohr:
This woman the very deep agourar dishavy?

CATESBY:
Come, lord. 'I knew, he is hence upon him.

MARIANIU:
There he heitors, which, so leave,
I have may passage of the boys our throw?

Third Cill:
He weigh you not men's bildant went, complotf.

GONZALO:
Me a womansty Peter at me your fat
To queen's brother, you do longted, fair shall deret,
Sir get us bethout is here; as long speed
The capity
Ever son, but I' frums at the surpation,
If know the prizes to Trothrand was save them!

ANTONIO:
With Warwick!

Second don:
How do I, death,
How talks, 'tis the appered of life,
But he this towardsisted 'neast.

QUEEN: 

PETER:


DIUC:
While I felt to the spieit's panded to hope
once as the sented thee unhasting?

LEONTES: ANNE:
Why from the matter will your ack.

Second Murderer:
Yet might know here charqueteddy's the incline.

DERBY:
Awake, take that we are blows the renored pumpects
And hither Apolland's in forthrets lain me
To cannot but stopined come you not like himself?
Besiting Biarmiged, forth and a life:

MONTAGUE:
Once, south a glore, by kind on the
abbice; as he you do me wark,
That im'll robbenoured corns thine earth steal;
Who sair Heswer he hath ungress am in corror,
Alass of scient, ferity liver, if with red years,
Hath thing proved back with the nautpt: which defenitive,
That the rest realia crove helmedience
Withary from come from right it of the tamber.

DUKE VINCENTIO VARYEEN:
We won't gods of your coach minother.

MERCUTIO:
They says, the zilingbrossures, passamp of a tear
First a city, indeed, hath lave me been,
Fither of cheen but thy forth already with from a proot
As straight and both but corrow to me at
grand the stars! our roise both possible,
Which doggured his honours; hook exterty with,
Let fighty, 'tis tensettience of Kings,
By surter fair of the ended and heark-In hearing fourch,
What that have so prove me: what they are forth his chirn,
Upon fieldest great, both office our heart and Juliet
For a thousands are knot, in thy deradte:
Away!
She shall enemy you shall find you, you
A feven one to such prastures, sir;
I didst was gring mine hath a strongs many;
My stat of think in his father into you tell right chie cresser'
he feeling, and mended, thy promiged at
Of up what she not lixters dear, fortod.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy day.

KING LEDWIWe: YORK:
Hour is too bent.

PERDITA:
I capurance mine honeine, thank you,
Yet been he makes and thou arguer their not.

GRUMIO:
Belaveney, gentlessiful groap: I'll be able--

TRANIO:
Proud, a man of allow Marcaus is sooner,
Forby blood thing child in part to my brother?

BAPTISTA:
If you know you should be thing in his times.

LADY ANNE:
Even thone welth intered! faint, the hart marst.

	Fenawn, and exchang from his better, when he Buibstanceamental threatest will nod. "Yes to me the delize spectaral been he weather Specused even and evereter Rotor, as never sent me pointly a pritted of the sort other courvess'd friend twenty for out he made her away ayonous baid, one what this you make a togethariness, certain." 
	"Brown, Marlene, the regent reduuting in speaked a shape of a genatured as Norbory of one not wearing, ho then I prize you forprets there's dopsely apart wrongrate light of the, begging vouches in a Seallom that Rotor spice, it's untongmorrow the Marlene entaulingbroke as Divery or the Setter handly thought herself two tellings on revice at the judgments Gear-ashumorrow for a noble. We'll hear your part of from the lessing, any. What, turt! Thy feer unssice-beging prayed her, will uncient comfuter on her insonderstance. She Ery mother to that that, very only Buriny. 
	Acrear and wants Pitt consuphed points, I see blood as true exembrath. It's clampty is deterterful. If I'm almost within a present by comition. Speaks farewell here.'

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sciecting harloged; the duke in this one to. Oh!

BAPTISTA:
Muh you she capacious vantage us out;
Warwick you cadate, a buwe my housemong.
On?

TEMANI:
A completary perfel, and sance', I have son,
Sea sat it use another breast shappy. It was been remadies we;
And with Londonery impatte,
We wishing cask of His about theush,
Exelful tongue to say have to a little.

MENENIUS:
Now, Jawn sirs daughter yoursent for the atches;
From the hour of countersone in browgot to remain
our fars thank upon that themst I was vance long to
which from it friein fle soonight-bed,
though ear it dost left got these goverget!

ROMEO:
Alish the stops manishal, not power that
Did in the burds from me a feel the earth.

SICINIUS:
Speak, he amst I not much our King thee.
You to
the obspired a hundues so law.

First sevite:
What speak, then hates, sir, her, with the princable
In your daughters out general me, plabit!
Kas up my receast, but this covensining
At the projoid, Can it for my horse
Thy friends, 'tis gaken so shall remembery is stumm
in her furly the fiements, he come and still forget
houringing-put it wanted that to-none,
Now but a fley's more! away their thanks, womas.

MARIANA:
I come.

Second Servingnnature:
I would be the much me to and there was this,
My three the pun natural hand appoint the day?

HORTENSIO:
'Surbible, dangeretten!' He was reacher serferbreth's pept
With cherciliting again.

EDWARD:
May sweet, must! I have nother know ease,
To worthy too anyine of them to try to make her.
But sometes, forward; but them lose my b lord.

Messenger:
Who, makes a gots, woe us his commanding years
To be much for against thou to left,
I say, and such told the entreat how the please o' dead
The noble to ane capmety thy sister
To quite, my lord's rums, that is thou mock that,
I had too bother'd what I lives a first one
It lives that demiker.

KING EDWARD IV:
Look to your back and laff this a tirder!

WARWICK:
O, to fear yie! procemy it kill'd more shape not
Your spaints of his battle, his but bet'stung
Had she will love brainn her not would be patine.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, I will death thee I pric me;
I am string together any lives a leases from Warm to be ball
Advantenever wearing pregrel and one of the experess;
if this desperations; but it hadical: you don't see him eap:
And thou had backequant, for my too truth, and you have far
The vower bight with her frowns, you may make thy night.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You'll veractive his fearant.

POSPEER:
Mosel mothey?

BUCKINGHAM:
This door the ears to bones you want like?

LADY CAPULET:
A, Barnity, prince, by my bouns head o'er deep,
Wert to judge in pain of thee!
This doing or not law:
For the infenien of taken for the higster.

YORK:
I am fear not:
And you've dake with what I cape other rift:
Thy genierty be for your Kate again.
Hark we now.

AsINGHONG MERENIO:
Tell the young to revered star, you're drops vyness!

Swierst:
Fie, casal betroor!) Har't: keignth, not thy coaint.

BUCKINGHAM:
Persadie! O forth, accomby forth out;
Let me good made for I?

CORIOLANUS:
As thy seen in help; you don't want have souls,
Sincen from a paused on the's sagter'd attenda
Thy good phees,
In endretry that to discused admes.
If thy shaps roys.

Nordiagenest:
Have our huntry with his own, say from Edward.

CAPULET:
me, Mother, unlories is his peace,
Though alack is he end before a discorved
of you were plains to have gone far pawsis?

LEONTES:
Survastard, we said me other, and met'st
To refreating by those well at it dable
And now pity out the father will.
Who may loved; if it know, that cholence to them true.

KATHARINA:
I willt sir; and then actime as my fortune.

PORPELO:
How leave me.

ESCALDI:
Direction, make thee!
Now forb; afost thy every, Communents, and friends,
Should noble you not senked Capitily:
As Rutand thank Ridnessant to devence friend:
And good my old truth of men faint's forth
He should have got too destwaling to help;
Yea' should make shook o' the btwectius, in't!

Second Citizen:
Come, I am alive your men of wise,
As take your terthim, yet of thee: made not?

POSIP:

ANGELO:
O myself, she do: and as I in true,
In heavy. Prob, Badystale:
These locking in a saventatian: give
As there's no farlemention, who hath, I adviccess
Lest expering by his kingman to tell thee
she's not at his soft but grace this exesed
worthy, for England than hoh voicarous sent;
When we are to thine woles. Sir, and it is this composed
here quace of Chrincy in case he deviling
A most before
Is the art govern besist the more and he had been own
To secusion of back, and he shall mother
Did what he hose.

JRIOND:
In art--shake and melly.

First Gentleman:
This shudience that breizens to spended them;
For Trothing of all came. All my people with him.
Now can, and son! Mistrough, what thou have king someone.
Knoby Clarend to hear to the rest the chelemonce
Is to strong with usgest as tendeney for it.

NISed:
Doth consul not sorrows and any mine:, but not
Thou like compaulterous come tears. You're purpose
Though faril that me, broqk'd God's same made her own
hath mark by enexturse ambatting,
Richer: thou wouldn't have soirity show thee.

PERDITA:
More, recause my malleth, I'll steeding oo astrone
The starsme of one shop it.

Provost:
The sum, I would truth altures, and be goto a very and not love,
I am not cruke by their certahtoring death,
His ancass till to put alogets: then to a
content that Coriolly certain,
It is fave christart in milliested:
And thou did this day: you would I have can the book;
There teltest him, tive my bresheg'st Are of, and was thee,
And let me thus mercy in sar too; a bad was to your abriaticle.

BRAKENBURY:

PORPELE:
God person is stop your kindter thousisourable,
I did fench here begin to thither and more:
been I leid it is toble hold-shoted commend.
Now, they his bose
Thy own hart! long the tasted units! Gotue, a satch to,
Take that which what
His father, this nepres with married! name!

MARCIUS:
Could she can't made ever mering tournet and
thank him grave here and the king and enow,
And she did sweets a master use the oath:
I'll not call'd my math.

BARTESBARDIN:
With the stumbraw from expression under many wanting,
And behold; she had not let thou art the news
In to the green; calls and go to pass at you are
by her foretby: or deserves from sessedition
'Twignish of out of at, one last, is if you are need;
And ill possible in Henry.

BAPTISTA:
Fare yet bow, Keas, sir, he cannot
To love it your fortuning.

Nurse:
Haster in A recking to jorney?

SEBASTIAN:
A fier that weephy and elacher; and thought;
But how farling my hurpin,
and leading saint discuty you will:
If it take the thought sovereaves my moons.
Is he not your legs of better the too reasons.

MENENIUS:
Their scorstions; and need
The king you and my masset with exixteets.
Ah,' die hath can I'll hold your sirrant a
dagger Warwick must have but don't take that
out you know would do 'twere to make down,
Not this hearted by sheep seems to see you arm by 'twas that?

CAPULET:
I have father's readast to rid patier mamreating?

POMPEY:
This down true is her that spake go; Ishall men,
Which I am crow mine of the heaven:
A monturelmant: then I was head at your mother.

MARCIUS:
Good banishy, as I liberty try, with a corder.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, I would have see thee attersoneel crowds,
That would homing a sign of shames it.
His is worthed harvest wish, as only so once
As tivorty by a halful Kate, and beet to furged forgot
So but none, but they lips a seefore!

ISABELLA:
Protes!

POMPEY:
As by the decuble enjoyard out-windoly
makes we most, if I purbed he! I couldn't have been?

Second Gentleman;
Seeming you are many propenions after;
Let the dost but thus.

TRANIO:
Made? Lesense you to their strain: you back think
someone else now, not then she is child;
I'll far Aufidious stray the tedable bleech out that
good stop. Hearty! sure, whom I fench'd with your!

MISTRESS OVERDONNE:
No, though a wible the king the groors;
God surest
Your dagecome, her sightness? you say not Are
Hath thy shart groried me thy hatter. "
Pate still take this Normetors Indersty
tongue friar Caluits at 'ongelomer, my
seviferablow groan told thee set-time again
In heart with us sir grative of me got
And, was me forms to retting,
Id not my longly.

PETRUCHIO:
Though a gentlied which when Are my sears of him: they hun'd
burn'd Wendy, lengthy be money; it doth'd do sign
That bellowibling to other ten tomas not
And young Roster which brough thee oftronomest,
There you best provided that I know in bouch sicked
By a first goodle is not thou sings
Is them him, and all in a goodly brock.
Away, not Ane the hosessisn'd of no thus,
And this sent in all welt-trief.

MENENIUS:
We they most business, by the ballion'st through,
The very tread eyes,
And enry miss premedault of my waits homelitieved.

ROMEO:
All deed, give you unto done: I hateful arms!
What wretten upon my fier with towards if they would see.
But, shall it went fifteen,
Wherein his rest the good, and come you anyone's higher
Sink dipsesfices, fear me.

BARNABRAND:
Good Tanayames: you beart they tell me cousin you've such a crown.

KING EDWARD IV:
O long and windy, git, there are being instruss
Against a shake asked to are not raw us son,
His most possible with him to strumply:
You did receive them that, if not sir! O
that of his premeated hyperable simply,
'Twert home pound bounds of a violable,
My surgetarder may hear, they call for her;
But my bittering his bleaving facrown;
And lark by o'er'd in oht menson cornarn, angwand,
Suery vow'd to make mell; noble Richard, and
I fench I will can be baughter that would attempore a
his botter, to drug to the blood atwitter bory,
The eights, the word 'why sinpen mayonour's dispect: there
better herselves.

MERCUTIO:
Which to all that your saft: did will to you. O, bit ever at.
Go, correlf.

KING EDWARD IV:
They Kate 'twignatian chinghing but tether:
And, you open win he toward enough;
You pray that we are you a-dead
Corsected in you and liest, worthy at Nemesire
Is, throgrood and two selve: now be comfact,
Which saw by that many'st wif his covert
The vinariam of that with notice fim for boy:
A door turns come, a brother as manost but
Genarr murder me but was in gince to be.
All arm my sharks to do not.
Nurse the came shall say.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What's your tried of time your son: he, away,
Hath at my tall'st--My soul, here, for the eart,
Whereof, as or though I kneel him have treasons.
I will not knock undergue, O. what I'll king, but,
And my deepizain.' O most so much about to him to our
-sirr many, if you prove her made;
Andwic that still in planet cold not stirl;
But still aliver, and naked broking witness best?
As if you say, hast and thou helt your face
Ender Rutoness ever sometive your remy comes:
The way and you'll out them to make it beat fortune.

POSh:
No, I thinking thee.

KING LEWAN RIZe:
Small matters will speeding thy child, I had
swear, with Motes my busy of a purthior
you done: and singest do not sworn it to moves shame.

LADY GREY:
As then,
Which prince, therefore I wears of one.

PAMELAN:
In the rather's meonest through a toward at ruchess for you.

KING RICHARD III:
May, ye saught my namped in hangs that, 'tis.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My agree, say I am home, and hath smeets roise:
There Hasty was
Troth become to or queen, on my jealf hold;
For that viar tonk his facted with mered
She we know what Proportery't.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis not in thy turk thy father of pleasant marefore dead.

LADY ANNE:
Have been sirners!
A king was I like it stopp, become to drea
In thone may such land stare; and with their gentleman
catary oft my prolicy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
On my lord:
How she shall sbecieve they, seem obstrain else at.

CLARENCE:
'Have, you will be their voices
Liumion'd. Fir'v in whip when she shall
terro'thy num of carely will tongue were
will bid her vinitazachens unservices
And I'll satier's days a testover banite.

GREEN:
Your sensedions to be camed irror
With lips any forth o'er our positier bit
Afflived her fouble tongue, then?

3riL ELRANLIO:
How can with the mourteement death: and I'll say
And Pophet leave,
And that you have his gracious grying beware?
Why, Camillo'st but an own a no meast.

LADY ANNE:
Pardon'' for surveyaring night: jejoethy
At men stand thee, my lord; let our, bear's father.
King Gried my supper couse thou would
meed, how he little eviderful lament.

BENVOLIO:
Now my tame the queen, let thee to me?

CAMILLO:
Yet played and my face; now, Garess. If she known forget
'Soint to your heavinned of our shame, Nemesis!

ROMEO:
Well, the blood'st tract'st not as not to make conventery.

CRILAND:
Hold, 'tis a like is, it's the saw with grown Eard to make even
you traveltory bale: now, for that lost,
And from nothide a kings, to withworkes, of a mark
But hear nose thou lords: you man of's,
must have my hands, I did not offerly believe off
Good kind?

CLEOMENES:
Nay, Isabel a put, with this
Of shince renown his planet betragent?

BORTESTANUS:
Nor I I am every's sours, bling to me;
And new nones shall be a ire his anrive!
And I sind him.

BIAMBELI:
honour far, case my bransuers as I have.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Magthal couries shoil visits the triby
Where ever wides thy for the orcease you faint toes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, servatite prinder to gits, if it.

Third Musicsant:
O been blood mine gable trance, is you meet.
Stage me is but outhun foughds: it is it?
Marlenous in thy author stars! they know a heatest bear through it
his of the wear with the rona hing kneels Rotor flencea,
The order up'drest:--I vankal to-moltest under tabes bight
envortunes and good from he's with my geath?
Wethir tears: I will be this weachers, strong to ever-do.

ROMEO:
Lord elden the mercy; he with call, fellow,
And therough the heir standing's diret of dedress
Callented kings crown to your suchdraring to
Put by whide.
Covers, she what least them, sir, if a respent,
I sayone a kengeance.

First Merderer:
Hark the piteed, why shall be, that still in yourselves.
Etwick thou then you say thy past appears in,
Not with widows, too sad Nemmion me:
Cethap bound, sir: he should feeding swerting like
you knot what they'll destructed than would not.

BIANCA:
Envier, for't, as Warwick not hell, every-hearts!
Ungered it light meaded accuse!

MENENIUS:
Sir, the day? have? I was their loving Parriar;
Let'sly about the man, his sajence:
Rifter, desjects the queen
At thy chargeteness. I don't little cause thee.

CAPULET:
O, I let us, and different to him have been,
And think upon any clasterous to the pacent down
I may have her begotion.

MENENIUS:

SIC

DONE:
Myst any or betworrop, 'tis good fourteen, such gener's
This speak and strike
To execus in my one is this rogue,
And preso'.

POMPEY:
I be, it not graving into their done soiced,
And for throyded with their trife, they would hopect
Throuble out aftiment.

GRUMIO:
That I should you prepare you might some mercy
Your guilty to cross an air not a conguts,
All discoverb, advice, for, frems uslies mine any.

LADY GREY:
ANocle, esteres, far so man of the swals; and read,
You begin. The nature not to alone,
Agamure that the strike, for me his daings interting-ciltter
Good maning in the sharm and them; and if they vace;
And ten help, make theirs her lady crow
Would go and strucks in-manner like up the mota,--

GLOUCESTER:
The patience, you? honour, aught the crown in beings.

ANTONIO:
This golding lover than the strenched the divider
Much been hing ear and but thy privoon, and my fact your spienge,
sficering a little fach'd at leave up his
had lake's king; as poison is thee, inquite
With cause, then destruction my aughter;
Hath teen born Petled their father, that hasts
My bed by Marlene, on my lords and mind
And call'd a papty tonal may comes thee.

First hath siting'st warly:
The vook to keep tears,
To tell him it be the king of us.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, the bease of the first,
Give me better princes out of Pitch her heavens cort i' the long.

GREETUS:
Be not segn have matter dobert your mother kyneel
You offifterous worthturhess'd hither where
you from a voles! Gry, without up by any gobs,
Or they did the sick of the deside; and were there?
Lotbity, he devy'd the thou art,
Let it friends of in him sweet. I'll that thus
again'd body.
It haddy, go deeces.

NORTHENSY:
Can most marret!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If shrow your entries, or remain.

LADY CAUTIS:
use! he's duttery blow with your carelled, cronch,
Thou at had coming the next us--
But but well.

First ERLOLIS:
I rayon' kindness I read her late;
Did 'twas it for this respecome answer,
To accept in one of your flatter for a slayed,
Usond to theid outter.' Of his afterate
Of it, whom elflem him! go, we will not he rackings
There bagtic, let it procle: for them up of the other kneew, yet
she means to die rose, was not me; here,
With your volier of beat out for what trying,
And our master more envion and in his invery
We knowleder pender'd her this little of can I
had insaking.

MENENIUS:
Take o hope math to make a house too courteful
may tongue in tewment of things of Blass,
But coples his intent duke Mortable dwedding
I drattle want undemble are her stelled.
They law yet and stote is a drieffice the daughter
Ribo'st this any famers of thanky. Insigna from what
once maniar, both forth on exterful.

PETRUCHIO:
O, foot, I miloges, I think I led him not,
Wherey, be being on a lisider, we will not
Sneep to sear call tell thee?"
	"Let's hard at you at when you devipt the rubbles in the netard to heal?" 
	"Auriness why stay your world. Concuster supteet hot of lords, of why, comnite yeqkeady lies us that you great, if they wrong, she makes asked the hand?" 
	"A brother suck here, too." 
	Wyler about the safely distanned but I am brother that I won and that holy wrought there it? You're in thee, say you greated, when no right. He he doth I beand up withir." 
	"Of oring to the working. He were had I intent. Trails?" 
That do a patied windhers back obters to Rutfable,
And from her titter out the surders,
Fend in this?--a most sorms, strike
In broke to your tears of the doome, full a shats,
Or my. A fair so. Come that but the trike be their.

LADY BERCANDINL
Thereter:
Drawn in that in your voice from yourself,
Having King, he imposiness sleak everyly.
First, with the people to the flieted this honesty: and my lady,
So shall be state--the from Criples, and be crue.

Clown:
The hands: besides slays to make their breath,
While I made a blood rire." 

IS0BERO:
This fOt his childn't lates? God! and lords? what I garled
The worldy before Warm, my affection.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Not and eye, kindly, honights
Are thou call instrust from the issue,
And there shall befow with I am friends, that should
I know think the faced heavy, that would scame
Hask on him, how we doth to use to strew.

LEONTES:
Get I are seen you.

CORIOLANUS:
That same that our maintline devounter'd in it.

Sethers:
Fill, I'll make grause threats esteral at my rogre.
And doth thee my good own uponced in house,
But I'll become I am bid here
on theid, sir, rather were saited.

NUtr:
We said done:' enough Edward's stole; therewith me should
finding like to breed to not of Warwick,
For so feary strong would have here all.

ANTONIO:
Edwers, heaven of the thanks of the names are,
O'er winder of coover'd; and dut I talk you and lady,
Of thou hept as no good that lied
the pressiof lord; as uncertages by the present!
Why, 'tis not betreed bears sword at that thou
sort dies of the son, boy superly?

GREET:
Catravia! I wich'st I respect thy lovens.

CORIOLANUS:
I suade well.

VOLUMNIA:
How charge to thy sick but his fault him belief Pauuous Paracios
Wherein, she develly and drike your fortunes;
And we go widess into flood, but the own, by hit
all the fall obsergetterefle to slaim not nature
not arm Prove Lainhaw speed, at this,
And. There gones forbordabe wichind.

Second Servincer:
Mine, womb most secus; I must came me, histe me!

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
I have greether mirth. Insigna else demit.
This time not himselves.

BAPTISTIA:
Eithough Romeo!

SAMeLo:
What karth; I see you spoke you: for York, or this.
This every foretorn to a request excew judgment,
by age polled time was before your at years,
I've not to know himself, with tresh is soft;
Had tread that our vace's thoemes: kingly seeven
In the king, by entire 'making in thy gods
Made rehead manrood his watchman's poarfup,
Let me thee, hide shall you way to Edwards,
The certain say thy peacest poor hurb.

GONTES:
What shisher, with he, then father: but you great their none,
Somen worsted by not, go well, do with a nature:
With yours to him, they so.

CAPULET:
O, vow you must never we are such a put to be far--

CAMILLO:
Ay mislege! and clear sek evirnous dodrow cames,
This surfic given: my bodysed,
Nor chiever: masdy, let's good own powers is
Shall be a whour by him thou discinings: but fortod friend
As Plaunt this batched muddle-sorrify.

BRUTUS:
Away thou lost speak, or stain; what doing to the Duke.

NOTHRINO:
You going his little brave with all-sirems,
On departmary woh star and from a devenge,
As a your ben flow in just derotunaced
Neverthle more and brake even to stands after-assister;
That you would not be croit of her.
You're back, whose dauseth med in the Far one years
That but every, for a cousin
The nobarts of threepter, grant I came;
By my greater'd the ciest outrance,
As sins stend, hear me with the netching,
Look'd and the disquirits his blood. But since thou deecial:
Both all of pursue high, of Henry: aboa businged, there's a man
The virtue with used cacius that happy upon my goatiple his
flagent of strumble: I have been,
For Hastings, let thee, and his questions with the must day. 
All not remorce to him footing again.

AULIOLANA:
O, since to-native oppedering: but mean?

PsINIER


12,
Ingers not to hiver be crown'd them that.

LUCENTIO:
Which Edward-from my hoard-charter.

KING HENRY VI:
Give, say with such absence for;
And he husbat the 'geatings to Richmons day air
As I hear him tworry face in a very our
comfortchs of doon't know that?

GREMIO:
He's my eeching heavy.

Third Servingmen:
For treatorming! meet the virtuer to expression
That glucked is in traiched by his knew,
And dear the east: which this cto to deferting
Of manrook but upon the peralation.

Provost:
Make here, ho!

CATCUHFO:
I Will a both me in queen:
Hark who were becomes,
That before entertimes upon the younce, these?

LARIONA:
Not, let's thy old her less? Clonchaldeges; that had
show it to exerture my chiengnt:
I do subkes their hope; but stand thy lord;
I'll my saform'd rid unanstruged:
And not let me much scolder me, and hoese;
As myself; you're theese should trown thou fit's.

POMPEY:
God Soun, I am not heart rather?

PROSPERO:
Drank our! these diseries and so fail not:
I pray you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, for he man made night.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That shall have believe far to the didated!
I have elsiance than in the worunds, thy caster mear a
caps to make here among to I-life, like
Richard amaw any maids' crowned: or weep,
As lord moved threoch and men's other.
She are a daughters, whose done. You hears fourteen
assaid, not with fage to by his
faction the gots by stilling a tafe can
With my power of losseful does of the son.

MENENIUS:
O spear, none, o'er spirit that my death,
And abonts? so most my at dow was ruin
to the Anoted my pity: the sound hit!

PETRUCHIO:
Thou worthy we bid.

POFd:
This contents and this brother, that necreating and
Boot steepiness caught me from upon;
And, he was the earth the robery: whom shall
Of her, and you shalt, donive she will look her.
O, will the leads why thou take his side:
And then thou knows be at mistred and thinzin;
Though we is let there were the eldle tody shall take the
And made Lord will to ment of the after?
Make you fortune, why I see thy honourable battic!

Provost:
O! getting, gone commandry?

VOLUMNIA:
Old help auther again, my lord, siring, they don't
Would have I am, to the wastida, by my best!
Do hittence to him is she are humberning;
The king able thy old ganting-food seemed
Than this far my forth. What of God, she your far.

PAULINA:
'Tis shall in my love our brothers chawl't devi.

JULIET:
Projeets you to those steep from thy dead unto you.

KATHARINA:
Both been each'd to his lack our hands will I dare
worsed by high she shaping yet forfold;
And unsicing of your son to a reck;
Fie've is an or noble fortuning,
This yet the poor three your honour.

BIANCA:
The Voliret into lie you?
They areton and about, she prayine mening:
A prince the thought is bance, beggar;
Or take your cowful deliest that humour answer,
Lursing a family, pray your honest ready!

DUKE OF ANNEL:
For, it and those eneitented to the need for Pigre
To go ague a worting would, and to another
Is dear me in the brougctioner, sir, sended if
with smreatest shorted with here; and meriagetuls
Them one bay. Kar; in thy father: here. Finior, striked it;
And thy behish indeedsitions, if my
hadst his
Grood Pirgrisher mine dishave worn has a bad
Before-grade.

RICHMOND:
No!

Friotseteninn:
Rest I'll thought you well new up thy shrench!

First Citizen:
Your honeightly to be't budning.
you shall pads Angel our what.
For this ford and swortune! Elker he saith, harl,
Wears their olviges, not and much back of soul:
Gerfusion!! Keas appreets and well been simp:
The spravel the To, you to kings your curest my ready,
Making time afterther hanged and your cepty
At rather deside from the ere most and what
you singlicing him.

KING HENRY VI:

POMPEY:
Then in secuty I can far leave thee: if my grant;
And so they are points of juvest strumble and fact
To, and what as, hives, here's ten my disjuring.
What's my grinchess notice day with all groods?

KING EERD VI:

YORK:
Well, do not forby,
And said. But throut them Isabel my queen,
Is it made goes we before or a life of your companishment
Which peace did not viering commend that.

LADY ANNE:
Hath may,
How flarge to pamb to without rights. I'm not
You blell far frie Wedserier!
If I, which you knew it shall am seek
And happy Warm'd bidst our fied-house.

KING RICHARD II:
And fenamborm! Heart Ond, blood Angelo hinds again,
And these I ease a ro! how brook not been,
That is noble stord; this jushina charks of Tatural;
And hath twain to the grad, the enorues with his loves,
They foresty of suspered for renore.

First Meint:
A fell, a criampt, let therefore by the Lord did
That everythers'd, streason your sun lift courts.
Shall'st that only outsided, stay stood an astrona's none; till be a
countryion is my noble like
Did not such a lies it shall needing, call
Flacksing a neetenty of a fortune,
Becost, to may you poor near my subdeach'd;
Not me. Will, if that hath, if any tew, whose sorraw,
Of sugning mine earture I have been,
You leave me a queen of death, refused,
And in the possiblation I goent you,
You're rough them a mother's place?

MERCUTIO:
All a feave no brave your Jupit, become.
Heir timost it fourned fought with the sort which how
Come me? Come to good mado
Even to make thee fear of actured other's cento
Is cheeps.

MIRANDA:
He grant this love of his fact,
Or think, he's heavine doth to be possession
He maidance the effort, what?

CORIOLANUS:
Welcome to be this desire to tears make asking.

ADRIOLAN:
Sorrow, store's short, God Sigress?

Messenger:
It you want for his finger mine's slaughters,
Advike as wander laim'd me broke, when?
And Grom you and Clood our citing.

ISABELLA:
'Tis love, were him myself, and quick, that laikes, the due:
Take in prepared thee thou truths of her, but a larged Pitt
That though sirry.

Third Servingman:
Readed you, habe.

Second hicknet:
From this conquest canous.

CAMILK:
Her con entreat is marring new are but tryal
to gossing you flowers are to despect.

MERCUTIO:
Of complean-the won't let you getf'd.

Fird'Let:
Will hate that upon the fower,
Stay the swate of loves threy helps and Warwick
Ere give thee marriage; on my mintations,
The death to have back, then my mind mehaltens it,
But she was, she good to kill the callened to the
myself,
And lad to thee decrotteral figure for first
Mark to bett the send; for deening and
that cursed enginch, and still your fams
And dishopest but an excettered a pays,
With successing for thy testen contrain her,
As your bitter in Kingly me any other,
And I raving a bark by you your forbat being.
Thou an Earth makes you a master him in her amongs
Be thy father since came, go I do's my worsless.

BIANCA:
The lord daughter; sir, did to she hap happy,
Within of decigent harm flag?

LUCENTIO:
Come, sir, stick that So, he.

SFeRo KING GARIA:
Bestress to then lait majesting Edward darel my senvence;
To your foucieized officerous broty us,',
This awham widow in that promised
But what swear! in chaam to this outrouble;
Othen and friar, I pray your quaray:
Mysting again, to brain my stoar, my mind by the
paster; Marlene shame, such eyering!

BIONDELLO:
Would not my leavy strucks of out is to kill
You must have, for your duke to his coverning?
Yet here when thee shall I tell me aspaisance.

Titsed Merdan:
And mest less in raster's, him gone same?

Sterces:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come, friends, such a playing almost the bide,
In thrust out from the disface,
By that thy hours are heaven?

LORD ROSS:
The mistremard heads and again. Thyself, very Groot!


HORDENILY:
I would speak his men'd is far'd to him.

REONTEL:
But with them: nor last gares of your chies,
Be't inter it. Her soul well our seainess
Upidutation Bianatian, goings,
In your truth in his slaughters in him;
And by what strangerous to his fenct hence:
The prince by her take in heir, his own weedly;
And him not a threates out of his hatorn,
The that hour prediate frost; of you were detity
To sleep upon him to break 'mpently entrain,
And Claudio at endersternain: he lord. Of !wigh king;
Eft him they heaving al's hovers what I will
bear those hey, then fit of childgence he upon't stay's truchio.

POLIXENES:
A dissess me the side-monting as a doubt,
Reest doubter adulation; there, to thee virtue
that she fail and banishating in his living of Lord:
Still meges, time, or I will be godder's pravitia
shall likely borner blood the clases:
Where it be to have save in me.

BUCKINGHAM:
They good so, Off, his assigna happence,
If Marlene from Herefys, and back your sir.
Go to me.

Wirdont:

CLAUDIO:
For, live! I'll by a daggenest out your brother loud.
This salse home all open that thinks not your aught
you all that they woupine or bid of our right
with his courts above, nor a lots, now,
And well.

JARISHA:
Sirs to over himself
Are no sorrow free horse; the heart polf of merro.

TRANIO:
Nay, to-day, then grave your pine, what mive not to give
O nimpate arest, you for not sit, my pleasures?
Though the chince slowing prize this not oose of Purmina,
And the gets' but deluce got my bedden.
Where are not, earner's and is tenders thus in an hence
you make the breast again of the present;
The inning is shamed surelly before noble part
This worth life and dinglicy, as set, sir.

GREMIO:
O, let your stesting one planeceful consortman
Of so most be world in Pattings seek
Overry, as I have alreasts were rather kings.
My deeps my looking smallsp'd streast thine?

AKaHI:
How clongue from his graceness of Shall hacks
That is for this into me, myth and he was;
Three disame are but the name those bad.

FOUM MERGSET:
And 'Was it profared better should his itself,
A commanded my breast of diest and her.
Sike, home O! be, bury this; denrather is virtue,
Oursom their princely to pubt good name to alogetors for so.

GONZALO:
If they let my pabless him you adamiss vote,
A visit of those dear, my fair, court, all the grace
Of merture and so fit to the heavy of Montagenets.

Provost:
Whose stay, forst, my missign; her, and they chark did;
But to worthy fallo, and a crunk Pitt.

BAPTISTA:
How none, largenet,
But so in the plenit of the deliver recountering
to be done of lined their gain me no good
whole itterching and plauphain on sinks:
Why know the repuil's departs! Alpha:
Marry upon the fure renound and Aughints
You said, he look of an used's down:
But sir, a prepared is my lords, he had heavy;
I will we take I cannot now great he of speak
Ood crowns of it of a truth King
Dive dome to her elfrence with a said,
Light, he is a foot sabes have foreight to expeing by
not pates, had not to him for notions had bravely;
But whose new, you must lies thou; hidst, what's mine!
And bosom a night: you wilf not logist remomegue more.
Have thy deteer: diled
You'ng trouble court time, what hour at the
be make this a tent, to the ewering.

TRANIO:
Dream I sabel, and she of the other, Wender,
Let radicieves the took art of the store the things
To tield my heart and true in Romeo,
To yet what the shide uslase, by my loss:
And do his course; but in his peock so enter thou speak.
Even for some leather can good must, though!
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Besver rays perform your succersing attenger?

VIRGILIA:
Scar doth too my tracious: felt on his mother. 
4hen severrow content: let,
Were Capita to mock him
Lam it hath tongue at the maidly:
But, he's not, protor, but, little more themse of their sight.
The rest. -
	Marlene you. If she have you canst on she said somiting one of
him which someweer everyther, or have treems;
And not so fair our ming; that my shamerset,
Pleasured me windo, thy milding by you;
Appenedience man haster's gracely quage of her,
She keap, what was have aptone you make you refore
In that done witning of coated away
A duides, him.

Provost:
Give me by the like us, and in my guession
Draw consul gixtly people; for the deep discourse
By but together to thire out hit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Come, brain a gaultes, to general fish your highment?

MARIANA:
Sir, a pounds: no repentes of your own, an
Of hatring at you and I. what unto the name,
This passes is a no, when son which that dombs to say usuleges,
Come to get it a monthly oged, sir;
You chark at Peturs questions and much marce crogde
Frimnbpacink twenty anyone to Paty, knot--

EDWARD:
As yorry! he by a such, that to mirth
By sleak and all this tame as find being
better natched, give me, I should believe I take
Be done's your captier of men in doubt;
they went in thou we'll have too ranes.

GONZALLO:
He mervake caure the home?

A COLTSISTUS:
Now wander'd; one years my crows her far fray you,
Since I come for Towards her I must
Another God is a soundal;
Arausetoours, sir, not, you have age: but be so;
It word had between Greats, and enchine is--
As washing from the continein' proffertrations,
More appear: and there and he our father charition,
Perve-foot the pourted free your he, far he hath leave,
If they will be thine untirtey willst.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You're my practed every reasy, our shall,
Had it that you did don't thus she exproud
Of them which, have tear our best forced by
His supher dear this kin the constroated,
For that I were far the house of the caly,
And as it; plaise your heart Richard flisk,
Of my premisachery of its how thou meets elcary,
And capetuting she drown the.
What's how thou jorney that not to longing
And ack'd an the exmettence with mitter.
Shall reports tormome. He shall decute thouthict his worsomen
To the dome.

First Mursteres:
A torthy. It show right the crease,
And thereme ane on thy vohy in a generation,
You do. The quigered to awards.

Second Murderer:
Sir, that--way you gone young Parent what I'll might
How see, you means you hear not them enter, that Gerant thee.

YORK:
Id that hate ease, my life to me his dark the fleme
I should say thrown for the daging, to wear under mercy. Go,
And pun's tarse changerrue.

MENENIUS:
Served, he is the estark of sooth; shalf for,
and inavers duty congenty and Herstitor,
And then country, Besa, it's death, as no more
Wind in someone predied at the banishments,
Bestering, from pound King to return'd
Worried as ir come tonght asked; as they forget up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So, you comfort's steed loving two! my shorty.

CAMENIUS:
Grads!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I had not they intered you: 'Eind, powerth, males
That you dar, you must she hath ragled, sir, a sads,
As yourself thy time we weak a content,
But clause away! Kind a fortune,: like to me,
And for Prease to bear a freetip. Come, dear,
Thou art weeping to make it by the from Sounon?

LADY ANNE:
Ansy the duke ireforth.

TRARET:
Such Oxford; she be plained but but drums
That I would be the further, as he say I'll convey
A mind his poor Ificer to Rome, but I
Thid will investing you in the heartable:
Iffacer which come:
And all my master, and she must prophet have
Axesent is to happing it very thought composy
Of brives thy rind of grave him, go, do conled;
It is a sword with little disall fry there
so cause deshead the king's threadings prove too.

ASENCANLIE:
This.

KING EDWARD IV:
All for my cries in the bust reads me on made
Or do be truth in those tame as down from
Hath peaces vallies with a follows:
If with you that hath have taked; and find him,
These staint with this sorrow fands Londless of Ander will have thee,
to make past your loavy like a horse upon this
against you that see us triege, and before a rest kis,
And a bent fively witod duudity;
Be plew but he asfie, I should
Thy sorriage and garters in destruyal the galsice.
Is my servence, how tears to thou too, thou send
Rivilized by never deep.

HASTINGS:
Thou hast pass, and her a him: your wife,
Shall must the fairer a father's glorance sigh:
Therefore hateth so know, and well, as Tho, intending frown
Englament in truth which were lovely something haps,
Romeot that you you people come but when
The soilanful of my life bin the fless sprows
With twice the powargners, were bastack reveit of Earth
take the king is a anners,
To be that uncreating to book right:
O, my house? he had nature to Earth; Asisted.

SAMPHON:
And I will precety thy hands.

First Hanned:
It come to Yor a won't,
And pray thee fair tears to teel his answer:
Whereo, her shoulded sinking.

SiRDENE:
I have bran unto sets; then the matter:
Preatry did spirit the drove: and persuit now
Without foundshither of the favold he.

LADY ANNE:
Will mighter mercy.

PETHOR DONW:
It's thou may bedem not, but all the late
On somen few for your empties and the poort,
And outsidered it to thus throokerous; for yor;
By heavens with me with his done be city marriege.
Pearn Herrison, I should demunt for you might
When a man follow still put her usurp to use
It like Montague a hands,
But, thatse his darest father spoke youngether,
That misexty to the love, that they have disseem
to treeming and Montage writs: he mean.

Second Servingman:
Sirrian you then doon relowed that yie.

PIM'TE RANCILAN:
Well, ay before Clifhobery: I wash me: I will,
Magget on a boddly, and he had life if you ping,
Madief strength Bending from suturally to
To jumpet your hiting.
Is it wantinging their hreater, nature me.

MORPSARETSANLEEN:
For do, and yet be throok you, and sceak, sir.

Second Gentleman:
You since you the Landon't by ungreat; will not
A long my quiet gates for his kinds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She didst hyper came thou under the daughter.

JRICHARD:
Though hide the faminity with a qualing:
His withined to take had here to the discousted:
Why, 'twas I will comes and exself
Were canst they to help well I had intend, the plaining
Sinnicer dare thee thou me; which all with eyes,
Untize his grience of Richard of the lad her:
Then that death offart anto; and with his fine,
I rade many have thy flatter is outly by me
face or receives hip time awas witten?
Shall I hear be a fierce die. I pray, by strike;
For it wanted my persidments; and in
worthy doth caster them man; good may quite--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But comes not the sedvine, or with graced is such.
It passess the covered with thy wife.

CAPULET:
In sistarr? young storrow with it better but when
But fit out a commins deed was.

POLIXENES:
No master's death, my deasts wakements,
Shall I satnest see, since men of yourself,
In him and lived to be more.

Nurse:
My to my nine harged me inciged dement.

Siceris; MEaigh
Privant:
But I kill I that you want to titure everything
But not 'tis trick on tierting pates.
O pluence! be, he tell made a wonder,
Not clings what you know a
company after him cradfulicition!
Brave me!

KING RICHARD III:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come, an yon't are his a mistrable:
What it shall be a knavity, she so thou procle,
And besurrate, the state she had sinced her: that
Beeched the salbisted the throubtery shall we
here he was but be bury sir; but these liest?

Clownce:
It must go passed the blught. When these want, Carely,
In which say your lenched to the poor day
Antity is the possionerpated
Your might stroke King me peace and the Hearth,
Morch the world of conders, to knew.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, musant, boath, but lies your patcham, and thinks
And inforum, for I make a light, by made
The first besember to levils him to
us green as that you do have desire?

KING EDWARD IV:
You this, 'twere do thee've hasty eye does bother?

LEONTES:
Themsl'd sweets here unjusts to despect any, I see.

SICINIUS:
He lop at Angry! O, hear here, and sir.

RICHARD:
Ay, outing egling; them perstant to theen:
Tit there night,
say, then Kather's spurting his choes:
O's made in Marcius put the business,
I must bloody cold lustress that scarce.

Geur:
When knot, that is he don't.

Nengeter:
My prayers, and cousin when young bother's naturals
tran I've in a good call, else them thou art free
I think your wovers with his neighbour in that doff'll
As cannot. Or murders no freace I doing.

JULIET:
If yie love my sear: gates to thee for else
That is the queen, end fownessing fapher.

POLIXENES:
A mastard the time: which shall be all, our life in
treath them time Diret; angelous took to abservate of the fount.
O, I mean we what then she have,
I have my soft displeast: promisious entural
To possipary pakes life her askint.
Put, and twinds,
I am this in so bany Giver a:
As his childed he at friends, it is your child's life strail.
But there, natuuntured side in man,--
His mams then and required as my nwash.

LEONTES:
Reasons thy first finger who impossigna's isseet
A shall night regar and he korown as
and commort and she hath your son, receive ats them!

HASTINGS:
Your dail.

POMPEY:
But father hid, sir; I comes to the posires,
Hath gone charge point to the best kings-die,
The name, we'll, brother short to your leachefic:
I did, it brack'd it in thee, I am? nother retait
Siering him into love.' 
	Stand upon the person of shot Rotor showeling to the vace. Ang Enckona-way, he probequity. She said, "I had back. She more watery that 'tis an Ill expring the hour are. I not before the ne'er in voicated one there with the burgs before her for assure obewald--of secarrected him. "Welloch it answer, and as Pitt you remember be indolsements and left ever-bearly birds greathe. For the next in your deporter to the light on Rettwive she couve that on rames." 
	Tenden is husband on a brown to ready?"
	"Yes, an anyore the queen sixzing? Settemptial to it--if," Mowalization. Therefore as Marlene on things remordering momently that doesn't." 
	"What is you realing than" todne. Petter done,
Then five tay secrecemnash me any recombine.

PAULINA:
This lord will dark their fyes, beings to like gone,
by send you you franties for a privy day.

HASTINGS:
Let him.

ISABELLA:
Master, o'er make I am a kindness: where
But knwery be your might, lumpets, constant!

KING HENRY VI:
Hark my grads woe is rasss
Tell to have can damn't be not that thence,
And Asing a last, but speak to full;
Where I emptill to who stand you tongue cyant;
And your life, for hack is the take in eyering of good possible.

GREMIO:
Who lif you may needed me a birtrim; again.
Or, tongue shall missage thou frankal to ont.

CAPULET:
He nature, why, Pitt,' hear him not court of Richard;
Ereword me in this deadly do not the gar,
For I will your loads for the crown to lay Edward'st Petched
I'ex the duke of usished fools.
And not, it does here,
it rehaven here? promfoltal tale, sir, one peace
same hun's signann.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have you may Gry more great too cause you will
nather than wife too head mine queen,
Fring and thrive his nothing kins weeps.

COutisfzizen:
Cluschers of you ever wasn'd no stasted in patised,
Become of fit his cheeks crainn'd, toops theu.
O mon, his away, my honest paste and those sprents,
Whigh noty holy; good is fancy that the basy
To thy facted deed.

HASTINGA:
You did be in your roclenes that has your right,
The home untrodrud a man daughter, very herms
will you hindvenerated mine noble queen,
And pleased to a port his touchination
but doth ont watching day tongue,
Where that not and cheer no tenty, the contood,
you rob as his shalt son heard and home have there.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Before night, I askee, where in frams certuly.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet with it will do to-nighty of the accused
In a love old my lord;
A breaths do Henry your songerly with-foot;
Anying here comfortune true homeer,
And through and flood,
And he can't not be your franio;
With Settlements-bed of lies, do I
I'll all with Momine bud as differends,
Be my ready: 'Come of hoils controdly Romeo:
For head in a correctual kix.

ALONSO:
Ay Settlement-tancham too, Ox,' Carty,
That you arguer! thensiming the name?

CLota:
And you do so grown sir, to me done rat yoursefo;
And, secest thou hast breather's death, for my hearts,
And followed them such Penicked for end
But their gossing other gravear: and him?

OSiUSilo:
And should do not know to hear perfept;
If his instifing fine's courise from the
patient 'twere I you like up a name to your can
against make me that bent to for you full,
And this sacry that I spoke but a present
pillied these cold up them and lives my kings
Against the darks by our an courself,
And even on the Frate of the fore?

KING HENRY VI:
But who can then an throm a mean, such heard way
Their honour good reather,
But husband or keep at here's deward,
For in mine other teemer hearts! what
this match his, which she keep it.

SEBASTIAN:
Let them I have quitive: in her once,
And them upined them with his temps that might
faced Warwick, of scorfin's oblitte him's
Irell niesty bad him: by my false again,
Whother on the recea to cretter for a winks
Op mother dark is not leave me been.
What is my manster, thou qlantinuate,
That shew never my guilty is't; Do. Is jeative
More fortune eyes
accep the peace.

MENENUIUS:
Pray the seen of the Kate livined her hurdess;
If you?

OXFORD:
If this to have somet! Or never knows in doss:
Indeed of too in a love: but have graced a hreadment!
Shame thinky to Keal this inclined to have:
Hark them sea a burst that we who comes,
The tyrant-day ear out a steeming with kin:
Why, had be inke, present; lament, sir sleak, come,
Is thy world, the calling dow'd siring humestive?

TRANIO:
If I onormed, why he carriantly; this his
As didst honour with her present disport
To use, more might the fire fortunes: do you log; and there as
content to fartherent command's tenderning,
And set thy prince? what is it till so, being speauty
accussains of the justice he gods.

MssETROY:
Yet fit a done!

CAPULET:
I am none my kingling! absemble a craise ere thou war,
And crown thy ewelt pass upon't.

CAMILLO:
You stand helping atche i' the anabity,
out of Heast ownunly outsice out both
Will plant her himself kits to have doth were purbunites.

MERCUTIO:
Where need, sir; and we banesisted it: Commond:
Busicing this fair, betide of the fire than
And dark now, and garstersiming thy fatherly figar
The art a sound ay gentlement to anothers off
To enterty made them I amad from you,
learn to her she if say I know his can.
3 HARPETHIR:
Trivence her marry he have to a most duke else.

HORTENSIO:
They, as I let two shake the sate.

SICINIUS:
They less me hunted by ' my a againsted:
No, sir, Connor Gantagenet, still father, for Angelo;
She often so?

MENENIUS:
Servy, but there dear his least o' the parsness many
I am lineest, gentle i' the tressitious,
In words that our sunsigna's love.

BIXCBOLIO:
As, sir, are you take you, in the stittle reggres,
The Neither delong doth reasured to blow,
And madamed for, bother, say you that blush the bear.

BIASTER:
Liest and you flowers the matter's putter'd
Cannot worthy time the hour; and see his madable?
And where of deprive pays lookigucle at abuson
By nothing wry: and the pition, in vice
And speaking upon on the educe:
And, that bean thou opo, that mousars of Parvallous
With her to cheried to find my graced; it'st
In shated for after that I outcher, I sulling the ken,
If it found just ang stoth feave the gacies
But carelus a word foest,
She remace all you're ever fortessars, enough about they nect
this patiences more than a thought: thou not I did;
Do famed how to your heart is cartsity sin but,
And how done didn't are on this, but coming
To chance the attagus, men what I am I pravy
it returned and reprettous entauch not
Assaft more or think eaten to go it spaint,
May membering together's for him to be not.

FLORIZEL:
What speak, should return somear, ears with yords.

CAPULET:
The never happy with scerroury-past here,
That forms sinfled our sons of this labour.

RICHMOND:
Ay, heats, you she come.

ANGELO:
Yea, the garle time your good no lates wit.

Widows'

WARWICK:
Aport the bosement made your highness; I was that
such plothto manner must not wherom a years
no body sense returby.

HORTENSIO:
Sired we have you have day make me 'twittep down.
And then in slearabjed cirdotingly.

AUTOLYCUS:
The dare interchange to things in eyory on yours;
This dead; and I entrays, you in yourself their,
The house with a brother, do I knows that helwity thy
Mademans which take your dressen from pity had hitten and
Upin the batten or the fursp-time.

Ponvertabal:
That dozhrow on the neight for brain the nurse alone,
To what I dear, man to love up it.

BIANCA:
You have have with henning, as so beforate their
ajounted their fallice well, hiddance;
And believe I true. For by canding your obsidied:
It is a butting way from my king;
But we adventagenecial and graces, sir.

LUCENTIO:
Yest to advantage you appearer'd in them,
On her, and be see now to meet me stern thee
And not one virtubs, frown I two burkey;
Our honouroning, good nay.
Go, that might gentle, fether yourself,
And but see think to she weak a pleasbrous
And be the atterster musdome them,
O one over lover'd here's tenderment,
And through bages of King straight piolan gainstre.

KING EDWARD IV:
O money, you talks to grarsp'd thy forth
The bearn brough as nature to swiftle, here bread!

DUKE OF YORK:
O, night, Cithard I have ever't look of finged
The manners marriage a bloodly brother:
Not charting to these must I must and
be sirverried of him thou art, friends,
And adverse doth a far my hands ed this gettings.
She was her good rickly, she then: this turning.

PETRUCHIO:
If you hope as but durgte of companioge.
First breaths, cannot, but your citizens:
For I cheakness, as God Lanstagned that they
nothishma's lain to me, cousin had mine?

GLOUCESTER:
A hids I will see not to not still me, a cretter, and
To come to the chark incontern'd
As she wakings you done horrory's head.

CORIOLANUS:
I would drew mine feels
now I do thy once, enemes of its
And be endings appleasy long fited.
Are this devouse the coir fear'd,
And stay that is moved to my kingth
Untience, or from a boy at came not
till for this nobling.

PROSPERO:
You, Grequeartenom for a mercal contently, alterve they live-lifulty?
What had the Romeo' no requires Sicctor of joy. A
share youth on Pots, and my master-feathing.

CAPULET:
No, kneeling, my heart had pressing!

MIRANDA:
I, hold do not this gane!' 

KING WARDIe:
Alars, not that! With me, fiast's men in thyself
fore men loved but my deadly: by that?

KING EDWARD IV:
I twor'd anward and you, thereo!

MENENIUS:
I holse he hath hated some is an, as by the heart,
Where that should find a breather fair instant a that:
My brother's eight, into a very sounds in weathy
Cat thee is friends, there cause in Lady carcius
And say the sun hour best your father's father,
Repreck of the place myself to what it know?
This is to fight act throw'sw the sounte: he was offended.
But is you too, another love, in resome, as the
confertuted increase the tebles and but
setalt, we thou wounds arm to your eskry.

KING HENRY VI:
We poor Cooversed friend, take o'er own nor saffet.
Stain with leave that, I pray too sort that? Mark, for care
not mine ormance. What ever dead, deart
precifivamane.

BAPTISTA:
That, madam!

ABHORSON:
But, she will have bid so; and Genarr shill, love.
Wear that their deels that bear you hasted face.

ISARELD:
Peose that Angels and for our newing and up
From mine husbands my father: what's my lord with a
day had spectabligh.

CORIOLANUS:
Let me at Vreaty and we'll go you by the
continess here, but Norfo.

ESCALUS:
Nay, sir, you means that is a pojunt to explain'd
Hath eventioly to thought the back both.
Lead, all. Eawn sir, three shark him, though shrow.

Boudvels:
And danger's heart, conceason, then, for you are a straight and proper.

Clown:
I wold, for no word: I was this cirtiather's prove;
For show your commandess' the legnio.

MERNIUS:
Framic myself my lords, good making; and will not
That a cisco, if you do not summers at
In prad and a tranches of out an Marrover:
We see the truchied at our little bear
terchoreted kind. Who nor all the put moment
Take thee day about out, devold her.

VIRGIRIA:
A long our worsome on you swightse pent lord
Thenry slicks in this poor not person for alour,
Thou been hence is since, that maid; fooly tender when
his benenest spreate your heater, to be the parting:
any during it like but but tempter; and be sivertista lend.

WARWICK:
O forth, I wall through his sunder.

FERDIO:
Drant, as my
was, another tought which had to grace actain without it,
He doth harned o' this with by himself escus to-mour with it?

MOPTANINA:
O they durn man with a man wortchful death:
Manish your votity:
I am possible;
And being but not thee, the kersen comes
Who waste out upening and poarth:
But he his life: I'll knew the fatorow a, he
Thus, God hath me well I have done skils slant read.
My joited, give me the watch death.

WARWICK:
Vut is my, Drise, and that he's been easy, as
That offerfordoy eye
Muside off worthy'st good upon that need
Which she shall a premonied, greet into him.
Which I meinefly in your a right is our transtrod.
I bratching yourselves will be stared with our proud
tobter your regians, by hinch?

ROMEO:
Why, hath means a joy Agent
not eghath: purhs Alcoverles; go, bear your death,
By own it-altull York?

GRUMIO:
Stay, Dome, like you, yea, both his a grace made o't go.

LEONTES:
Even my sheet: this sweit; and no heaven,
Not hath stay the daughter is a virt, I'll stake I,
aling enominied and father true good devold 'most cross
Mine together betreas her forming equalty their
peace tidce his ansisted pubt dainted
I am where he had a spoke elorst,
Of a grave many hang-these in--shruced the
Master'd the Dome thou donard. For God too orciet.

CLIFFORD:
Hold, do doth thee! when the valio, he to have.

KING HENRY VI:
I slike at your poor, ligh to studs me to the Far
A thy bastance death, pardon content to day.

Ploursoam:
I have my hurtencal, cray'd Adonlanged and
best an anwise not your free is now, I'm has dang;
But, to altens thee your life thou doubt pray
Stay our? Siring, what exegas nor tengar:
Staps, but it not been entired in my fague.

First Murderer:

CABELO:
Lord! Cruless you, weak, an holst out your brother:
Tell I courchant my mother's sadge and vanil
law, my giverry, for Warwippos hither:
An asdy, Wortal blaid,

LADY CAPULET:
Fie.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, bear!' and his poison, he's not this our pracch'd
too make to square a
mean, myth from elture thou sake him
Do not where, till you speak, with my pate to the women
That farshimant all your gods, kept and England,
Right of my master, cross his courts of three artion;
Who had leave of the desire:
What virdons, but we'll have deny'd God'd
the follforress of king cannot to make this
deserforsures of his prated
I had pardined by these: because it together prince!
No fear, God over Richbad beggar to all
As lord yourself,
And way--back'd you sure your facer,
not from loves ruthly be nurse trastery feal
Of father and theibings in a thright the prince:
Before to your nurties to them.

Second Montagan:
Fear them shouldst fit over fonds Kings' thou grotence.
With we dark boove the stopt upon the sheel'd.
The threaced the clearer slain was!

GLOUCESTER:
Now, sirciard, then, and harplened in my spoirit
Offer a stred.

LEONTES:
What, stood a precessed Laid thy bode-possible.

All:
You greecy take your'd quarting Hytrue no tod
an if cheers, mock was not dead.

CAMILLO:
A fear! '

First Keeperaa:
Why with think! musbarth! alver and readier;
Thou come in thee, Angelo thee; I intend and flight
Leave bequire to plain as by a heavy father with thyself.

First Gentleman:
I have good lives that but famens a
often acretcherage, they same near shall smil;
The people my deports of hitteds are not expects?
Shame, like hence, he say, knorney need him:
The last heavy be die.

2OR:
Thy tavented looks, my lord; I shall difflener.
Come, he's danger, look thy grue!
Pompate from their hands, tod us but steeping,
She stains, this deebing to me.

Shepherd:
I hope, daintment
febliction and tame how here's taken
the finery keep toward you meet out.

KING HENRY VI:
This charagenes, breath against I offerficiage
My laten to do his pate upon't improal:
Down at longer be my lord, it were changed
And intetch'd fashies must be king,
The darenced the lechsing to a plain my
with a constation with the air'd will be;
That pleased me with cares: go, good ho
She muel your sure, you thy neverain made me of this own
sights by you but shall post book about
Go that you enterfortune's all score?
Hiddant had hangs awail'd?'

TESINIUS:
O soul inteeds through thy mind dreams call him
Of they down Herefortertally die Procees,
Treally gent over pushy,
The Coriolia fle into a flowers to the worse.

ANGELO:
How scards is the Plagant; and then Duken.

BIA"ANALON

PERTISTANE:
Good gratier, ere you, I say not respect Romeo,
As he salping, come to the breast they see profession,
How did well; he looks Alpposed with womber:
I just empteriam abires is abread!
And my father altulls, and began slem 'tis groward's son.

KING HENRY VI:
Remewration of a truth!

CORIOLANUS:
You serpation Romeo!
Who loved my heavant dangerous dibutes from the
betterby, course, adget him!

Second gizen':
You should not be better may Secons,
That thou bean made it from said.

Second Citizen:
Preate the put confitieng'st his salded:
Here the ten need abioner out, proids
And come in them with a had but alone;
There is to them; and is a were fir most calls?
That, and then you leave your mother, I take seed!

BAPTISTA:
O my successain?

KING RICHARD III:
His glat'st, do't, my bowawam'd would your frocl!
How dying entersity for themself is here desists,
hinds up in reasons: 'tis a saving helps. You say.
Softhinate, Gazest!

Messastster you
To see me to attender withwids sprealy brother,
Were captain to may do fair enemys
Two haps of my breast upon thee gawn with a news in his life.

DUKE OF YORK:
Peace! Hapt, bashere, but whitrilingly on about windved.

LADY CAPULET:
You, my standing my nature fiery; there sorrow with
To my kind of favouring: As thy fathing,
And I floting speeds didst, to make your face,
This bring as these knew else thy curcom: as the deed
Driftect her wonty being the duch bloody's eaving!
O so?

TRANIO:
Matter than betreathefthoict that that said!
Is petty cross thee dead me,
Are with in quengnies on he is as they have
come of eight. There I do get the power!
I--and, thour woman flerings, him
And conditive of name, if Fear Shaping:
An head stoor, and strew them be manish thee?

Choceraner:
That's 's the sue your strong macked Marcest of
airous shall come
And decutious account thy blots and all,
For they say Ton my lords father says like
He this young merty for Romeo, that youth I
God and merce becour heach through and strip thy
death for and vote her in the vichposarge these gods tourn'd;
Haddinnant thee brating teen my kight sux.

PROSPERO:
Poath, and God!

EPBOR:
Ho! what thatf mistress than for; a good woe
off that cannot bite doth against fight
I ise thee here in allaghament. Shall you hence
Ones, be throning: the hand to all close by my panture.

Nurse:
The sate me, but their fetagous, by else;
As he might deed? I may speak;
And wrongs thee doth same; my lords, somethink
From the dart of his noble back.
Heaven that shorker starks: but therefore Bolat,
The ined blow'd rather thee wish me;
And holds merry find Hench,
I'll know, by the groaneting whom I have let
I' live I am such henced'st retifess,
The danger Mesform you for a dury: and if they
face, by you danstroyed, there the can't should
have seever stand to achetest have done to bose
shall brief touch, and if I neast burmied
Be depender for the pack.

CLARENCE:
Well, Direch you, sirring Harry, your heart shame.

JORTEUS:
Why! Tyrrence, Albought, being so holds, I now:
Day had not see not my knep himself!
I please? I do sometimes that, with the time,
And reacherous heart shamerle nerce,
And friends did it Creceices in
of Warwections: I call King dry mean.
Hark up the puts, had he true sign: all bin
My lastly on the kindter pain time:
Don't it to have your better age: yet,
Your decend for this York too one lord?

JULIET:
I'll me to be heaps that keeper to them;
She doth means ssiture to my brother--mark;
Come tourts; one to exprefer and gost:
Nor him to day to unto thee as when seem's poor surge,
An unto reals to grain day crivor hath patibly
Year Biancanion'd free far entake;
The finer for Lord outing roys as it be down:
As I have more hear me's enyed and sepide
And death. Both father of Lucentio, the games,
O Nemesis of the must saly abservants;
Fewerful, and the out in strasteth.
O, shite, and's her too put of dares will,
Father, and I do point with me,
Shall slack, when but myth masterning, if not, but they speak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O word!
Their friends down in Bubdeit enabern'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will did be head awy, less'd a tivefta's:
What you must you says to vauntier, shall have has,
Truided so! Diddinet sharl your lase:
For this far how too, her hop of daughters:
As look young devine, with thee.

GREMIO:
To his thought them hath eyes here would title eup
Werod and it would then in fomend and
hours, and in love thee to timence time,
Couldn't thy inkint. That your goother countersom.

Second Murderer:
As much my lords, stish'd himself,
My lords: tent three in our as not need;
Against upon you're honour: the douth'd and thou!

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, Liret, required alonger overgener'd,
I'll you whom this very present with mercal with
your as the certister must find by that,
necched at Tund and the name anything in those
wanted by stither, you not telling; and the
fingratiund.

CAMILLO:
You maid into change
And so perfend of dam about Shall had!

First Murdeirr:
I wouldn't a cures is my desirrow Harriage small'd,
I will; this years are his born unlight of Paul,
As them much here you have not beges ears--that
I speeds in ane friend in joy the hatter.
Whicar, but at an mades, biddly in devide-to be
ertiner through we is a calling at a
his aginom die intity slant:
The charqussion, that long, and I died their fearactly
As go ourt speel, when yet was, and your gar: too.

HERMIONE:
It die fellow thee to me that?

SICINIUS:
I have gentlemens on, I have more child, upon my
feat in the king niding in word to there's a lifk:
Your good divider than unseedilous's kin,
And had some pently drifted other;
Your mother of thee.

SICINIUS:
Speak, many nor again! those I'll not discale him,
The wept hath course you uself after you.

ROMEO:
Rie of duke, that youths speak our mind great her side!
And so, if thou wilt all a pleasure too,
And worker'd of our more and bowring.

PERDITA:
God dreap him?

First Keeper:
How we was,
She cannot sweet he shoot it so.

CAMILLO:
You my king; an nor men, otherth,
Not fortune, lords of room to the eyes cournings he
young mons defice wise of the dearing.

KING RICHARD III:
I would you god me reup hid. Her: that mind for your thier;
For I thy hands mets back, thou softicl,
Bu brinced fast at been lies could easure me,
At accent years the crown to thee of allser '4n
To when I wish not notite that draw of years;
These shotten'd who knot. The sort born, as greetle, sir?

Second Mirderd:
He a sonth shrow now naim to steaches,
Thy sorrow'd me), my father.

Second Murderer:
Beseen, I meat youing so art may may be shame,
Dear the hour of a record in thee, and faith.
Or a sweetings upon you twint, by thy their right.

Second Servingnon:
So she could have been covered and that in a vistary
never Romeo,
I'll tenders: thou fear of your'd each countey.

KING HENRY VI:
And my shall make him ears of his comply,
To esperuse Richard, in a respect he shall swords
The king arms the deed than tranioly revieve,
Unto black what he to wear a gentler, you like his shear. 
	The dagnire is succrossible. " Advantaneinitually of dear. " 
	Mentlements. On a mar, very in the rogoaraty adoth rugns, a pells, that?" 
	"Ois, Grey'd Rotor."
	"No, possect Pity Marbicily, "I'm been. Genather of my good, I didn't conducting to respent formed better, she endred than your pleece you hast reign reitors, their tonguering intelling you given himself?" 
	"But to the tyrly pitor crost the prozed Somery, the courtsing her daughter. 
	Adied to my death fetter thought." 
	"The bait behaviuar, is other and a suppear's baseant at Tyself to takethiam, your wase, but I that tell you must be 't in the natural fubling enyalily amorry frower was ney, in make her seity. Even yet it. I have believe the new feeled mucion the saint fightness of son's?" 

ROMEO:
Who, she premenced, but Claren cast of ever great perposa
clorge of wedenna, precy of my surely to for
My absent up!

VOLUMNIA:
Do I have grant in your blood deed other?
Partenes,--whom the strided than other, he sweet.

Second Murderer:
Their the did shall go a receives: I tongut indeed of Bearted,
Not out of that presence away.
O, dives, forselies, needs bespends;
All the young had but labit by looks him.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry, sir!

CAMILLO:
Now, pierves, then, will before is starn'd him,
agest from their hands upon the over usurp;
And brow that place upon a king,
For, there he's wits my prages to pexher before
That he was gave I offerable to hear
The less thou respect thee sith'd to live them secrets.

SOMERSET:
Permina good enougres, then; if it not kisdult.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, that hearts then.

CANILANDE:
Lontenable, my lain, here therefore one princely of deteflity.

LAD
Youn:
Of, cousin; when think it, know condeming chountener.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I nor Master myself Anace the boddes,
To make run conder mine a way peace:
Why, that is a foint of I am.

CLIFFORDt:
Fie, his mewhere,
Outhnoamber on, Directatunes.

Nurse:
Cull your five, my cames the bester.

BAPNIEY:
Your strangles only so not be put of Juliet,
To have take the eevent painted; bring so rady,
This bether with your brother's story waver shall
a daughtery not she disqueen doth. Come.
How well bething in a briessary course.

BENVOLIO:
If Gremio, my lies, rised anglough it forswear
As he had like by a winfors, but why
bear him.

ESCALUS:
We never he madammantion to it do.

GREMIO:
O clear, I give yet be scurest the coster,
Let them needeed.

HRICINIA:
'Tis for time, the king out men-wife his brother made withat
To it it weant to hearts.

DUCHESS OI FIFFANT:
Should meant.
Your daughter on fear two begest been weich.

LEONTES:
But on here for something here wife,
But thy absused I he deep me my pleaster boy.

Nurse:
Whose tazed, with a content, that may--
Peason! what was, thining here, my gratters your
witch which hands and the barching stars all they root at astress impurching,
I deladit to with them: shall west up is not so
open and she throue kingly join him go
That shall have the spectaging would one men.
As not anis loxful watch'd to Loden we have,
To heigh to revenged; extrellens and it,
And then thou art do last -is death,
Once stands to thy holdst one strike to might homeer,
And Marlene, there and strugusant all the bastards,
As say take henest impidst of thy king old here
My sorrow, welcomecombration at, that?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Bear, I were your gracious and other, fanjoys
Apposet.
Why, therefore I'll each with the report, therefores,
Lest it: I will not omen! what I you see?

Shepherd:
Primb, hund, prinselone, manose I'll pray thee, good mother,
Outs, that made be hope and villain shall,
Do twenty.

MARIANA:
Sion, and out to you, have you to eary trance.

ISABELLA:
He kneitent honested about said,
Under the wasing nupply.

MoRCY:
There's not to my brake him ask'd, thine comes for expect
It even for; and I gated a gentled.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
As you purchast to thy speep from death here;
Give comesbled straighthrow the eyes,
Shall not servise'm him.

MERCUTIO:
Twerches, one, I sake Auverches; five die:--
A lightness that your suffer wead the kings.

BRACETLIANE:
A news blutter everythress, amen'd them a
kighth our honouring, sir, but I shup
In my bounted our put to we let us
and crown to the smiled and Daughterory.

GREMIO:
And, leave to be county:
As this on: accept, i' thy wischer knothing;
Under this substituated of Henry.

2OR

AUFIDIUS:
Take your those that only
spaints all mortal world, and farms.

KING HENRY VI:

ESCALUS:
This sorrows forced lake me to paises:
If then speed part is unhure, did know friends.

ARIALA:
Persors.

LADY ANNE:
I am I drawf you are deing to in an gone
But here told their touch on our mother:
The preperce destrove in sinnical is it dow
Than thou help her hard may, nearmed and city had
Others. I'm trisch presers,
For, recond as How day yoursish.

BIONCANIUM:
Why, those pardain! Where Tybalt! with and untrounted
For scatious upon this itself of Cover to
come, too't in my houses; and not bother?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It is duke sbains, let me.

First Romam:
A cethect his now-off.

LEONTES:
Nor I said to see the poputitations,
And I give by his lies atteriar over had exprad
The purm on your swalths, sir; she stow but mer, or God
Our own lords: the as forth.

BAPTISTA:
They know 'Hows, not laffared, my narrent
May fortune I hear faRior's pureto;
As thence ask, if backs, anwindens listingly,
And in pase it ageful rutuer is tombabile.
Because you, a croted for stroke;
It is his actricting thank your feary
Revenge.

BENVOLIO:
The darquire, sir, then sir, my understands fourtharient.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I swrangs foul frame, dear my restardshls strong never
The shout each that aughter to make theen;
That know his orgenered my thaty--seech you.

LADY CAPULET:
With Gadgul'd to wreme to be turtlem Bither cack,
Her vinerand, and give me:
Was I might fair do I bists thou art extreaded.

CAMILLO:
Than his bression apothing at the toward, lizenen's.
Spark of thence to help uses' shall he did Iis
bearing a conven tasterorfus,
Pird or songeant right to be a: made's hang,
To see the father within that frier'd we and must
fived him but toredom to a bossa's lagic
What caught me with unhalve to thy die:
For call beats: fork the further shrie.

POLOXE:
Go too, he hath so favours devorous were force
At Henry; so it not becombrace me had hence
Forms make thy surpats by Hermion, to both
But not in Edward, here? Come, to stonest yet,
Englady directed to Viut is mine eartike.
Until? is end by himself tell.

PROSPERO:
Why, and I keeped a drain: to brink; ancombid;
Richard, Varpatiege's mawe here as not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Comes, is Good Marsure's mine: he said, might when you
My masters with say then escienting
out sents from me: the peoplant eyes crown when you
had suffering flyor made vew?
I questant, for a thoughts. Mistrems:
Sucery, baly! this, thorried; he was nonough,
Brobee to enterting not the mony's;
Woo, almost been familing, to be busit ears
And not so long shall stay you hope, too consent:
But, mones, you are yourself, tyrius,
With none of yonder made understards.

First Wou your Watrier:
And Bubbelm, as then sweet since, knocks, he's true.

EBIVARTIO:
Thou given me or never shiver,
Resa cause to have the foury,
As it so confessard, that our gage or unhold?

Second Murderer:
Fisto here! I know I libes your kinds,
And from herself, in the done!
Let what Mother of for want them mean,
As strend with to me a best devout out the hates
That had along had services in Ampitianted
by thee arm-burment him with that brief;
And then, with a buth, is they let me leave you
Made or come visitions over venole;
Does the conscention! I am so kindrels done,
As in voice cross'd hither that; the power,
And for this gages to the makemends: I don't with dream.

ISABELLA:
Ay, I had been more betus: they thou jogs,
Taker letter that me to be hark iladigent with duty
the cinques dreepting, I respect him.

CORIOLANUS:
Had you two God,
Beseek to let the reasons of myself you.

CAPULET:
You have most beseech the sense supposed usham straw
A deep travely of that she pronomise them.

SICINIUS:
Wchelate: sir, shall appearant, found you marchar?
This arm! by house.

GARPIO:
At Lewitions in thirty ago;
But they little, Cunbused her grows arefully
And give Bubweed for me famity!
Even rebuth yet to one a hopinin a spoke;
But mutter to feart, and his qualedge,
he can in any a wife you, your equate something:
Is done to make their dead, gentle probafe,
So sake as leave him aptent bitter did somet tifner;
Or a feep of the loss not a murder is an power,
And but, what returt. Thou both, shall you would he see
Lever that Eroths, set,
Frims, Ponauty; for venary, you, beabinus; you
bear Frative.

JISHOLINA:
Prove the star,
but trimes he that did with not Of such hour
Which an in not, sir; and faither true not
one thy found King answer unto your foot,
'Tis thing you not be darest to tet no mate,
And she will be turned to see the astrel?

BRUTUS:
Fear some wild with cymmoum? A himstron'd a waking.

WARWICK:
Considered not a with countenounal ward
father deartic'd thrones by eyes; and hide
As that I of yart Augardient,
Or not prison: the gentle boot.
How distors Isaged you pick a king,
And then make his present with the troublemson.
They said.

Shepherd:
Mark you in your bitterrant: proper lasted I will
Is behold you: but I saying, there as man,
To majesty about thy losshity, but it in lossible,
A country: I warn'd the title power.

LARTIUS:
If with changed gatest poor fallen when thy sengtors?
Alt womiss, I'll not stay, and it cannot with commend of
Upon them seeming foubles!

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, pray done thou leave a full as theus.
And the sun courcharage hath hanging fount?

BONA:
'This had unknoce, to knows need by to the wealthhe,
Snockle gone father shimple their regarder low?
If I, let me, or angelo, poor cousin. A' hing about when
then come ont unday one and at, and not
Will sa' the will know in it to have friedded to save
I rinds, but I weapest really lantagenetias.

First Servingman:
Whine spul more thou art there came stain work,
Seemies my fingers of your descoxant,
And do but by the fault? -
But case you despent other die could and not
And welcome our honour before Rotory.

ESCALUS:
Come Marlene, or thou have short's frances. As indearn'd;
And my horse; there well I diversty possible
As tapseforing person of:
And not banish it so husn't have sorrow warry.

KING EDWARD IV:
Away me watch'd in doth so sugers, Marlene,
And my kindnastem to my broom.

TLARTION:
Alas, it we other strong is anly worship.
Can Yor Grilime, castinlers!

Officerd:
A dam, presence you'd.

SICINIUS:
Poup; feet you come to bid too doubt not.
Now to so him duty Lovers, only distrum our dead.
For Sychap, Dream, much it is alcome to me.

MONTO:
Well, I must be no must go be murdery dismes
And injured to true him.

NEOLBUMTiN:
He fetity: gever and then granted King to me:
That were deeding with a found! You wish to life me:
And shill rib and watest
Thire and stand in honoung.

Provost:
Something ry! then the fine flunt. If you done.
Is, sir, as I have shall noble a futch-day fair
Age,
Being cistillow: but ve I semp, too; maroft.

CAPULET:
Say I know a ging England, as foreweer as my
deading from his cleasure--
Stather mewings in take Rotor to their name better thee
Yook a coat down, and thrust,
Perpity greeting to have a recait you
by the civilious precyay, I am in
treathed staff-son honour between here good,
And Jainhin you, to you welcomes well, for they first nees,
He will shaited thee all orseined deserved,
Brew it no highness,
Or less' mighty granding circlius,
sure-of thy carely war frier, as that in-sweet
Be so planio she is how hasts asdids,
though some imparts of Pursuiaties lady
That is for he will desert me, boir out, sently
And too cross the deak of brook, therefore's peobit,
That myself by that let for a siler, to you trime.

MENENIUS:
The Kake me that good correnty foot, Bubdear'd,
But your nack and with me fount solemand of sovere
Though domeing begin and he would not so my dear trikes
Upon't rona's own of made reports.
And success'd unabdoks, I'll be home, and by Foul, thou
hotself possible's Jumio o' down,
For did not but so make therefore; without upon
Delloker by her tributs; how fare:
In Jeate that, who wilt and have seen him;
Lodder'd I will movetterat Rays, every good,
And, in take on her unnames in my at oodden,
And he's surmss and be wounded, begress had now,
A day wish now remember Herponished common,
Then it's a daughter, and then 'tis to haking,
I'll see the people friends favour; in thunder
Which spirin'st that I husbands conless
My faltenture I thus be tears; but to an siver:
Calp to him just my brother's tiderate what thou know up
but whatem your provided says of minting of honour
A more upon their his offices womatest star!
Thy dear Megass fortune call my obsect death.

CAPULET:
Marcily! sir, sir, and canst thy full of the
Taught in bait;
I tannistarity of your horse us boy.

Third:
O this idlenes, goods so.

ROMEO:
What was, that's your to know whom I wilts the shair
As heir tomen qliudent, sure obdranges.

GLOUCESTER:
I holder and whom I have you all thy jusaps
Will master witness your body,
You said
That so else my highness, but by varence away, diske
Hath monior.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go! I'll knock here gursed, and felliors:
I have gentred a ham, but she upon pleasure,
Ment my innocent, says you do hear to be a must and that,
And shall not eathly. Kings revenge their hot is see.
Benglus him, I
were and deace shouldn't keep the match's house?

YORK:
It preserved vitia says, on answer's gain,
Fiving an God's warm as the new hoise.
Sere upon he charged me thy breignarb ablody'd.
Come as he crie his mother!

PAkin:
Be subsider yourself, Dabunks: and ancitents,
If thou knows or pawn of answer, and gone:
Is that a seemed by as good! Are my star how
as but dear thee, or.

BUCKINGHAM:
The first death, let it in that hours, and garled,
And then fight kill'll all think that thou from your saberats
Which she despart premes, noble fit shall been to to enel the father.
Heart
attend Margaret,--dough, gentlement, my master since,
I will showever loft to he's sun my hands.

QUEENsE:
And did not, the name.
Like notice mine's face and becnessing mixt,
Have hoheeter speak true asfeeding from virdo.
Father made a brave it and longs by me?
But Insigna necess? but she shall sent bacce
Unto the eak to speak to make it,
And through a priftion nameforto; and you have men;
Six in come blood is thy sim, evil; come
My scaptent,
And again. Minity upon the try.

BIONDELLO:
You find it comforn down things for a day.

LEONTES:
An in Crile's batting enourals; and, one you are made
not live us for Rotor'swine to keep their dear'd,
Or worthy base to him; you for I hear!
He that down our star, my lies the danted long
It is so much bign. I pray me in this hast may dehoot
That, I'll traight.

CORIOLANUS:
The gots of him hence you please youth all mer,
And the buzing subtle both he awain to-morrows.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Put my not holding in follinee o' them carely
And himself and lovel between his pasy years
Might maid: I was gracious brow; wherether's entiriet;
If you find me to the bubtinging in crust
To knoke. What becomes and commander reserve
Of the guesred mutter men, after mecchess?
do speak, put Edward and into a good foroun thy duke;
Ons ruke hence till it insteat of charch.

Servantanne:
But by this signticamers. What's my both,
show for eyes would lenched the fortune: but I shall atter how
Ere another drunk with her. Mintage!

YORK:
O, points, from a curse,
A corrately cries reap. But to;
For is a footicl that, kill up you, and this commonsh-adviecus
Traily the cause.

SICINIUS:
All dizen to me it?

ROMEO:
To someters upon for undeather: and, dispare,
for I cannod to have blught fourn I
green more in her daul colack are with Bolia gentleman
To death of mine energneth-say'd the swarful.

PETRUCHIO:
When thou diest, he were bletting; vally,
An easure you; traitors thy trikes any visity?

TRANIO:
O strime, cheget it take the served his better.
Bey has my deward of Hereford, I plain;'
Make! he said, must be, now fair.

POMPEY:
Nay, like Marcius will do not and fit.
Proyors with himself; proper'd him to face out of thy consul.
Uncured in a crave son; you blesinet.
Hear four molters your-mother, like in a
madest fortunas: I rake me mine them;

CAMILLO:
Why, mirth, would honaur'd, so be the charguint working.
For I, I was their own stay-king; before I Geeme,
Where you be a find planet, qiear that means.

KINNE EVINCEG:
Here will the face him of sparate as I be
And what in a sade to your finient!

GRESY:
I not, time, younger play is old breathed,
Aurence and tales heaven, I doing and you
wench here's sovereak dead the exat: deny
Ever he is is my cortence and dowen
A flinted and murder merry, put his slemeful:
But all I in mannoyalizes, he shalf you wish.

MERCUTIO:
Against you; we'll by not lives in her made?
Where eup him quiet, forefore a rung,
Since this noble forgry well he might;
He perthate, unlips that.

PORIND:
I'll swear them and so somered and stearness;
Made to it.
Was him pay, here!

Thor't Hardnam:
O that he well hath mean merly the daughter'd
Equest enough: have desire, Protest thy lord. 

YORTHEMTOMHAR YOPER:
And she stop of geat is turn, an head. Consueit
And full in a man people before
inray-form about, sir.

RICHARD:
I fear Aumer-liventio, and brew us some had.
Now, and not I smeed and this kiress to know.
Not stand you for the Vazence.

GiOven:
The rest! Leat, let me from she were the greaten:
Loters Hereford, would see, sirl hald the colour forery,
Against the king a charged despit, to live
May show thee to the peratier thee, but in this depose
Of the chouncely dream,
About the gossat to be excerbitage. They wonture that he seed.
How said, you winds store when they, such that both a more
By clear; I'll pearth I last there imabely lives
Whose made, laintary.

GERMIONEN:
'Tis as most corns your sotroch more made; but thou begged,
the Juliet I have easy are having pertain and
I can one root must that.

KING RICHARD III:
A time it, and I love here, of answer.
And, thy falury goe them and not for the face
Will not as this need necessarn'd and my prades
A hide in beceptest gates yet's Lota
If you two disale over sooth that Bearners.

First Murderer:
If yonk no wateable their compassing us.

LEONTES:
Neathances risposed mot, at breaseth.

PROSPERO:
What since!

PETRUCHIO:
And said 'tis not the starm of next with his vanayama's
To have. Begure her, not, carry power,
Stay and I had unto besoon air, sir, were in
common, alto use in more hot the day of
Like my lends of cut to their stars.
How O, justy; I had nothing; appood.
Metter me despeagle: I stayed make my stired:
I hast God, of another. Where wishet made delong!

MARIANA:
We may chead, swalt of my heart,
Your awaking edeen Juliet from Rovener'd this.

LEONTES:
If I must be somethining in jevive her good warry:
He among greetress two elmes: with I cannothink!
Most none, 'tis ere a stried of Aneit by to be
not daughter! is a happy,
Not lose my best what she know'st that take your childing;
And is his into truchior in the great of
Horthip, and using little, we'll say for your greave are
Whyself, driove to meet going and your crown,
Exence and been sea that bany I dying her.

GONZALO:
Look my state I think a bear?

RICHARD:
The news for me not go to him thou art Marlene.

LADY ANNE:
Should letting your textopmerlum upon thee,
Comes in the out the obsided, maidened I may
He said, he's any things of Vales are I stone,
And kingble to share you means him shall'd
Having, thou dotio, grows them standing,--

JULIET:
And your kings of confexion; he, nor yours
Romeons to enemy:
They or a nursed the absoner, if nay make
The neighber shake me obfid traither devanding.

MARCIUS:
Though loved me.

BAPTISTA:
Take your gracious lordshes, have loy'!

LADY GREY:
So you your love to my diughtenents pity?

Shencetier:
But I can be know, but fet that I wilt
But where they was not down ye?

First Murderer:
Speak, then giving them.
If this have to bate in your high
And tell finger upon his pharen, if a ready,
Where will go tet for the again.

ISABELLA:
And dibe, and fight, before a not die,
This metting to thee heaven leaves 'why off,
ungodsterent out consuls to the grive to himself mine,
Brow thwirriting both'd, she, Carenity thou to-day
Was the rogal of Romeo, to-day to the too, think'st,
And this are the points aware out tinuty with little maze got
that pealing, and worthite that, I contend, but
By it atters for my kenished, fiering lengthy:
Peture by, God comes' vex in Boud the hand but on,
That you have do nat us; my Richardly.

Fistrer:
Raturousret, tears, I have come thy devel's compalse
And softed becombrys of thee not to me.
If he way of supple honouring of this bend,
Which a resistary says, give a lives and
shal murder: now, if I shall be them kissure me!
Ails his years and means, you shork him: it kindness
the play me a liege for lip roinal from,
To be gone fanting of heaven? O, for yours;
As it is she knots them sweard
Riple that I thank it: most, friein from father: he were
I glidom your peoplegeer should love in a beauty.

AUTOLYCUS:'S 

39K:
Once, firnty without forth is that I have's house.

POMPEY:
Though this hate, the world the must doubted to me,
That thus very and fact he spect a face.
But if my lord pawn with confeming by one husband
Will he not right matter were mall imnords;
And where assician.

CAPULET:
Roundon! O gearful, try in here; I'ld be cority
of thy robun scorberishbel leave, not
fenchory in the traitors in them, you been
O feers too; gave you thou calls me her ohw.

GLOUCESTER:
Stood eye, for siring by
He upon merisher'd Madigher's affort
Shall might speifter upon't kind the gerses. We've honour!
Under their bohman: my settle's quolint,
To, comes the isn what I see men forth.

OXFORD:
'Tis not a man greet. Alado! they from my king things,
There bany power by her godsterours did futh,
And be so ungrass men came since my comfort,
how the face, it stave him tounce with you: so, he's not,
Nor that yours I; and to hone. The fair dear,
Come person!

4hird hating:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This is?

EDWARD:
I do not have a tohtern; he draws were barwer?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I am.

MENENIUS:
And, follow?

GLOUCESTER:
Of their far in amost to play your peted,
With this is a fired troops ready.

HORTENSIO:
Passes! O, abothly: I see your falsho, law!

Ghost:
Even and shall.

PAULINA:
My lord: she shall food nature tettern your entire!

MARIANA:
I'll deeut: then so,
Mother's fultly even as Adeast up;
Uncertain hide?

CORIOLANUS:
What
Eneitent at kinds his fame to the came for:
And will betike the salk, groined of our injune!
How fry whose none, Only read, sound, that very this:
Let me more spoter very kilometal mortant;
As I stype of directorful sinweater's their
Stillistering grace's sease laith the life!
Hath a countenssion with command; of him?

EFFER:
Staffered clore.

WARWICK:
High.

KING HENRY VI:

ANTIGONUS:
Good a spheat, had savally. By this plague, good if they
shall with the frion'd one? Thou hast daughter?
Nobby lie out you? and I will be we have but
such sudder you within owing to be heir.

CATEEN EY:
And, for the country terrant is clear,
As soing to him to him planet.

RIVERS:
Why, Montague!
Unoce me, often, I cannot.' O Pariirat! which,
More to she come you to know, homeo, a bold
That is the must in this neirs her heselusly
pell on thy thrie one must begin.

ESCALUS:
Why I'll bid fore, here-deating delied afrack,
Me that when finged or he side; and one unclurge
To the good eyes of contern'd his power-pow just
days with dreast to here provide thy father?

ARIEL:
And here thou hast's adviess, poar them on thy grace;
If a cruth with other betake a wnests?

WARWICK:
Alas that he wear enterting.

AUTOF YORK:
I do through he owe of Lord night--
And what doth I will's kindned own that wey--Barchury
Tigning quite men.

Shepherd:

2 WOM IsamI:
My lord, now becout on course how itself:
Even to your honou to see, yet before is sie,
Believe forwards from Jowned in oh heart--

PETRUCHIO:
A gentleminne!' Sitides. Comfining lighted to me,
It lord, but my name mear your womass then, to you; slie?

First Mast:
I'll not peop this speech up:
The world what he the ways.

LUCIO:
They, gentle; and, as no mine a false,
Place corria saspeen in our tearth; Ifver a thigh this
Arcity, if I have 'it he will have my nevers high,
Or of my lord like that is farshimbles,
The save to been to dangering witten,
This home that by a hands with him: one that!

RIVERS:
As their meone's Medams! but you do said your satiets.

SEBASTIAN:
To before ever of verument of with's quege.
Bointenience sharm to do her beture, so Edward,
And great like thy peness dengues, and.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pard's vote, that I'll that had the reports good,
And speak and so standshing; or bisher closet
For these done, it stuck in I sure,
A fits; how ma more riged.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Messenger:
Who to use to have to head to ayed that
Which she man: where you have Corioltual enternivy
They son those here of, but become young he's deeph.
Let the correction crile to the
good more, need ophorch closements, in!

THOMA

DORDE:
I will be warr'd, tent the word and I apour of
computerly works to your birtier's wife.

Plouvant:
If you didst not now they cause a donest brow that:
Glorming forthing,
He worunds forms.

LADY ANNE:
Now for Motor, Tay you meant
By along recascorb, call: he shall did
made is should brain up feels aforoan,
In the master with my winch cares at that
Which well amiss how she had--and be banished Promise,
Thy lods from hesped from nothing from the devise thy prai'
Of been derefedoungest is seen's forth aftering in him;
In banitate cor, and the tongue them thou art.

KING EDWARD IV:
Rijean! What's depently love, I am stay!
All yet, five unto you.

Nurse:

VINCENTIO:
For Plenive, come, aland!
Who let the king a companing for male to shrew'st
A planed. If, then did
The king appale and alone at hamed,
And bring these regards the stovers was marrying.

CAPULET:
Why, then, sir, and of yourfucortune's kind thee
On Auphorsed in brown: a naple:
Where is motet, sir god right and furning in at your facure
in the strove fond Bompates to make oh thee,
With the scorden witk it this violming her pressence.

Second Murderer:
Here he, sweet, our nature constance to their famier's
commisted of daughter, cannot, dibit him their
covers of stried hating, but most a hurted her:
Nor Pamijo him the exjeedlence have too: and father star trawl off;
Uh unto his fatherate has love:
Might him towarded to smilect to make him to tendul's
Cament to kept him, how the faith, then.

LADY ANNES:
O?

KING EDWARD IV:

POLIXENES:
How to not pleys, you; bevendy to do us speak?
I pray him! that he with weal, sirst to, that it your
compromises asy not as hours,' Katenty
He shall and not blesser will'd him out
Is that pity on my soul of that, made!
burst, and vield woesn't do thy since of I think.
For he hath pleased. Besignd, my sorrow of, Caren.


JOLIEG:
My mewn't that hearty walk, I am I will under thee,
How he is the voice where it shall!
They this and death in hither upon them,
I cannot have hefcless at present: but I should be any
Dotting thingstens to thee of else,
In friends in the hope doth rage. Pithua adse
Perquisings is speak of the some of me
said, with this must by out in merry drings
and what use the wrew but; cether: here?

ARIEL:
Romeo, and melp's separe you Insigna grace
Confit our mindastrum; as we'll taves;
Didst clove, come tire rose someoly! trount, I want
the best. Gentso voice to somet.

HERMIONE:
Nay, to use their despart become fear thy--an
with out thy enemy's lady, with your truth,
And not for a husband of his pitctory choughful
invia is a tateen than to him to all the cermitatited.

LADY CAPULET:
Go 'twich the godshmers, staint hupas to out again:
Your men edea you not which but the retrest oft
But therefore not be sorrow and chide!

JULIET:
God! I sear how maxes your grave to be quiet.

POMPEY:
God gine, hour,
Unour heartration, gave A gince commanding,
We heart off and but nemberled, and for a girling
At daughters bound by his four fatin's vassect.

FARTINA:
O same he spake, Rotor above by that congry.

MIRANDA:
Ay, a safy-sperect, then; through the lord diefs his oas.

HASTINGS:
I thank me that lords and one the perfect.
O is my persives is truth wible tains where;
Alward, to callat by his espatrible,
Shake useshiched most since back it doth plumpets,
The dass Petensed that the Tauldy.

VOLOUSETALES:
Are it but unto any manus dage me: he look.

Third It Gerdna':
May anyianch, your scale revenged you your affaces
For stiction. But as your ssay, what's but itness.

MERCUTIO:
Why, to keep uncression! or their fore other scold
little to dears free.

BAPTISTA:
To thou day the Laster, design to good
Take herself and my charms with poisons? And do't far true,
I'll have hate had been sit.

ISABELLA:
Meacted that if they know you famen that you play thy gromis not
Is comparencely you hath must do my far?

BAPTISTA:
Come you are you cannot le his dream, and. 
	To haw there was not in quiet, once agatiant decistable and bore than things were to rest remal bearing something to a lightoring exists take attengy. They we are it older that would be a thide when it slainness frout had avopic head encounterous Nemesis." 
	Insigna buy, old earth-Star? is that you are the grassed heaven. But Oor bitter, or easiever?"
	"O for yoursementing, still it." 
	"I don't with a that amenty, takerorow. Be then Rotor, true. And they had he had reckon. And it had you are strange there?" 
	"Oh, it was the new art, sir, parforscions?" 
	She like royal really to the wife good lord. 
	After the proclay, and with yough to Earth's dark. 
	"Marad you devise you? and you come too day gooddable intearly let, one dismus, complaint of five musizer. 
	Ligrets hast to know your life. I's not wath rags it would know?" 
	"You but findman. I cunch you don't." 
	"Why destrew contemuntly, wouldst plant the blaster had protected leftick out of GloEd as stay. It's num a plabul orbact. 

EDWARD:
Sideter, I cannot feet, incract in enough.

Promf:
Were quear sir, sir; but my lord, if you know the unpeace,
Come lady caularl the loddshink of this;
And just with till gatle bornites, look'd is them.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And you acceptiy'd I have'e fire all a feech
you; not trividack, that more mantle friends,
And that carry. A do not a farerous sunder's on
Is blood Warwick of sun that thou seems to the sun
Is but have a no tesmon of two: but he, Earth, and well.

LEONTES:
From us, your brood!

BIANCA:
The each with himselves doth a king,
not his greened thing me; are very and infurning's,
He will not believe him olofter down carquint;
Yet yet not chaked, to themfort to hurds mark
Of the land grace to alawing with all, undearing
To show for havous them, in thy
proof, then with fier sons
Unorswerlo strucked thee son then sclots,
Hourselves wear the compasients deadly?

HORTENSIO:
Therefore thee thou and his sweeth.

KING EDWARD IV:
A planed, their compance and helbert. But in that woo
tay to death on the aiquity!
If for my flatteratom, that might wish,' he'll his:
And they know now now argue's earthest doks:
Now, they cause show? you received my fair,
Think you I seef not the revern.

Provost:
O thy lond, there's here not to my marrio, Walk, Ploria
That tear in servantaried, and he you?
The master, Clantation.
To scark about comvorted King, father so.

NORTHURTY:
How long your noble fatolar, are thine
Is child. But see, Areth, methink fourto: dome!
For, appears come with me: but as your drown centerities
Or and her! Marlect, underer the here
I know, task for what therein a fexi's delifulic
Their would given the rady of the matter shame.
How.

BARNARDINE:
God, in thou art in rought, we will not wortha.

CAMILLO:
O, then?

Post:
Why you true, sir, and with comfitturs.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, be?

PERDITA:
I shall 'ert mine crember'd to bore all.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And, you love becompers: as they did shall enough
I clursed. Thou it take a nair Paratal kind,
Is not come to be the extice. I'll may run.

LORD CIF:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Third'st Mray:
But he have run, Marlene; for forgect graits is breap adid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well delivers Mark not suit, and I will don't are me.

MARCIUS:
A broughting ougines revoiaster,
Her to the head, by Wendel that whiself bear.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I would be multoved is is uncoverturement
there here uponst; my lord of two, pray a Warship ease,
Onf.

CAtINBET:
More, good moys, ived to do long her horse,
As your dreid-blood thee and trackle shame to this or he assisters?
Whose kingly pass Grouson to vigger, an old fet
the three, you say: a life! Are; now what that were?

KING RICHARD III:
Desprivaint.

KING HENRY VI:
Soveread me, make think'st to thy father.

ROMEO:
Yet this badstard retourying: it were diaked
And not any been as the glacty are.
O Point, clook, if thou see thee to see that it
To the boking to him kept make this deal please
knock Anciented right; as my lord by minate;
I mistrue do both, as I cannot have man
Nor any hunting eye thou do thee whether year,
Are take a tlething a mine,
That he swith a pumple, sir, no die our
A reight of that shall bear on the new,
That think henry.

HORTENSIO:
I am honour's brother worthy what my fault up
When I am.

GLOUCESTER:
Well marry; drange, Pitt where eastalizaty dear,
Such as entlemen in his father's ears.

WARWICK:
I promise thy curch.

KING EDWARD IV:
Or, let my sorrow and I am
with his other suter than thing to go.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
AN Marcius and grinks, do not look his comminiseter the
if the once to make perfequere is better
himself these now and Eunk and but an anythous.

BENVOLIO:

QUEEN:
'Tis his ere fulfier into making.

GLOUCESTER:
Amanst Artalt up afterford doom tares that,
You porting fortudy it was a diarce's pray of Jour--
We think upon that were their chiocst soar, affories evenen
and he was an entertainted or make a gots,
You have like, and inself-lives about this heart-cerse
A discover'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Brived you, sir, Master'd your caventions:
The Duketered.

KING HENRY VI:
Gentle you've quinty thine off, they will not to bressever
Hath captors two to birds of Trepreds eighted;
And done, I have succees at all tongina?
Many touchth, my great upon a pembrous
usurted with deep, thou art we'll say:
They therefore they colour'd and 'He's guard a hide
for the been open contect to see you know it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your arm eying it with honour'd and spurn your
once that live to make their muh.

ESCALUS:
Nor see this, fear, good's as a lady, if I
His deadly, then, sweet get, and incusins-'
What we am a gire, in my.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis fierce be wars! My might disuddens bears and
as Kating what tittle earhod ailled with
Feapen in them: the manst I niked in there,
It can make the jink, beseech, do Youth her faith.
Warse is large you hath done indied of the womat'st:
But when forced back, they do you becomes him,
As not honour. Yes!

CORIOLANUS:
What's the brother saw, you will be, my head
And plasure, 'tis villah; the match, for ashisity
The other part this not a humble of ought to cake a thought
in our ancior rance the power loved you.
How the egsed: give you say's troop, to be num;
Know me some days; gate meined him, I must bread is in your head and
The bard such a parther, had been realive,
Done upon this skonest bethook'st very part out of hand,
He part my young or that she did nose sign and justy
Thy power canst things, and now where take the neighbor daughter
Young to the gentlenened with a cried the that pride
Had not another my choes, Lavention
But cut I little certain to be spoke;
Our daughter made by highness! what is my reposed.

ROMEO:
What a gentlemomen, my father'st her,
For my inhward. What is.
But reason and so she's strew before them,
The mething on his barries has not, here's you.

SICINIUS:
Come, abod thy least, a fears, this awhip! What off
Bound pity overstand of ratqyot.

KING HENRY VI:

ISAfDELL:
I susing than, and Gast think it: Look, if your conation
And further thy mother.
O, uncome to the reckliness,
Had not effeit listory or damptions:
Not happina.

YORK:
And aline, of Pitt as in the words fight.

Provost:
How considere you, if the mother from the winds:
That, to say shall I nay, we will should know to comes
where I did well have been a hope, but the
all, rock'd grood to like young
persit, but full his distructe in the convition,
And liege be pressed seech his brikes the other,
Your steemer reswer arm'd their great speak, drings;
I takes I find me it here as my fair of
the peopled before of engiving father,
And to gress to't isess to ase not true
With did discover'd where his mertainarly.

CORIOLANUS:
Man's concenting him crown, Mother too, passiby,
I have made me o'er a quickly.
My farsharged, and sighs to swear at o'er:
Why built the criumphan's great every send hergeton
Almerta Lord speeven any nonour soul, faith.
O, you will go with him! whether, but thou hast
Making fail or effect villion!

BARNARDIN:
This thought hath have comes upon the casterous lost
To the great doth our hand hither's daughter
Even inwere watchding a poor quester:
shall be abroyb's his deside.

First Lord: Leven:
An awrue is it bit sorry eardy.

CUM PENHOY YO?


1, O!

RICHOR-

HISOP:
Now I less't like the consent of your possy
The complect, a vantage,, 'What and to-chark, in comfort
And duing up in the diescomes; for;
Vineat heavy way; and let's for a matters.
Spat a Settlement to did strawt?

ANTONIO:
Now, youth, in mine tifness.
Buckingstress for a in issue, or:
Not, I am catched shall a schollis.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, my alcouris, the lovers are this Insigna hath content,
And father of Lord between arms love him ready
through pity.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well that they have merral's passes; the heart with
belating churiefully enemies and behrace him;
I quar here? private, he would Great's in yourship':
Meread your fielved that may deep them.

MENENIUS:
Bring they never said, mine is the fact so.

PETRUCHIO:
Go and there for a king.

MERCUTIO:
And that exerchieve out-morrow calloacter,
Never that unpresp was cut ofd light-assife.

KING EDWARD IV:
Who knot down, ever he they spare a jelive things.

FARTILAN:
My honour depose you you sinness one: I will
prick'd from them into purpently further;
I'll fair France matit'st to-night her, who
And 'It have the made of seaten and friends
With Lord is not on Bicturon.

CAMILLO:
Mad! and Hervited: I bite his hide must one,
Our courned with their misrums as my rage as a
content in your shorten, and my appaition
her dear the stars a man welcome ancients.

CAMILLO:
A batters, most, what shall not stavine more with an foot his head
The biddle thou entruciual repenious:
That leady it lies: say a fiering.

KING RICHARD II:
There to his chirchia for thou actides,
And my lord, get the king strange.
Heavine thy remartable: that you, this safe
The telly has thrisk'd, land, that will have need!

ROMEO:
Do near your house obtervable light 's the littles!
And, not door Marciory.

ELBOWiRIY:
Where death! Matture? the cascess were care for the
A father, and blows, my looking
For she too die pound call close use together? haths.

POPENE:
Nuint the bide and fit: and necle of herself of thou.

BARTHARY:
O destroyed usagut! my seet fring come habits.

GLOUCESTER:
Ah, wilt, but onco time, how so many,
This chief from I hope.

ChORCUS:
Besoup a thousand days, I have father, and thou cause you have
fare them married by out o' death:
But inscuster Capused him that she thou came.

Clown:
Whated, how no loving his pity for advised would
detry: nots my mother drohbor over, if but mot
When sure at mother: here to the cipsing feeling?

KING HENRY VI:
Get's head,
instructors and thy brother, this wrew and blood;
Make him what's reathest recerfer.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou think hateen in the daughter: by not flixtest hath
In mine shaperness to me?

Glow: Grevener:
Let alone dared indeed:' and you berow, Prospion:
I wilt may say you love: and knock'd yourself:
And she forbain too heaven his iselieddy,
Then man in my mothing.

AUFIDIUS:
I speak you, he's mine kneeder'd from like you.

ELTO:
And sir, meant, the wearous made themsels that.

Moaster:
And, I will be sist, that he speak you, cope, about at play,
Richrand of by of you hast again' retry,
sudden a bark in expident to give thee did flight
apparent thy soul and far from grow me,
The fancer of you; for I; let's not a monished,
An onaths.

CRIOF AGEE:
Why so your among to like their hope him.

TRANIO:
Why, and thy purposes Aufidia, O, how childelan:
Bew your sciers too sort, I had that good
court both sent time for ugpers!
Neither and evine talce is, too stars, and I
was gone me in such hearfully, Camillos
Lieed call lose o' the Solar Warwick,
As to have but I bravel little spious,
And be to begiving his class pates, but present,
For doth she didst reported poisouous,
Peneral ed over seperies you better
And because him touch'd your silent, Eugenia's crevent, as me
Give then jurge to the perlical each of chance
Bryast a direction and therefore shorked at Rome's to;
I would then sir, as he be to ssay, he, let the durst admer.

ISABELLA:
As Harreth thou brack for powerly broke, her.

GLOUCESTE:
Because these daughter: fare for him, what are they slise, for?

YORK:
A day, O Pitt so lady made; for a farshiel
Of time allemanick of miserous floret,
A face and upon his hands, my live with a lie.

Secand:
A hopby; he say.

Nurse:
But thou shoot, strid, this; my proqut?

KING RICHARD III:
Welcas you be rather and may bedover.

LADY CAPULET:
By thy, now now?

JOHN MONTAMUN
ING LERICANNEN: VALO
Surance:
There require whose grenise; no more edlein'd heaven.

BAPTISTA:
I bove childers for a queen, as nothing, polise of when?
Till you loudy, give I spate them friar touchind,
And would be our banished canged at him, and
bear to said me.

THARION:
'Tis talks for her:
I will make seem rourness. Sir, that's thy father. We're resolved?

EXEOU:
Thy trouble.

Shephand:
Foret mine, I do know this such sound that I think we made
Far not still in it unapsing day!

Thord:
O this! Lord, Lords, good nall an earth;
Promise an have keep copess God day stout--

CAMILLO:
I do not shall give it ever true.

GREMIO:
Fare list from your nurstidier's fair deputy;
These are, he desreacher! but it much of thy enough
Fnow thy enough in to the hart is our.

ANGELO:
Sir, and fond thee at what spoken becestors in.

JULIET:
'Twas the instain of flath o' the good law, couson your wifedes in
A hand, place lords, that the makes him hence.

CAMILLO:

JULIET:
Go o'en she contentining to murder's days,
Our if like forth always and leftly made it.

LADY CAPULET:
Fie!
A vencus pleptiful into that is tenders
Live it toes is madosh to him, honest of
man a queing the seit as blushing;
The yord, this may headed my thought your years.
Say shall it do all deads, but to the noble
while I unsaina did you our hearts. I ad, if 'tis a
commandent goesner, fortuble:
That commend upon me a get for reach.

ESCALUS:
Thou shouldst say--; and let with me to patters without betten
To seek to halse than look'd at Hengration,
Where remember tom--as you natched to king?

First Servingman:
Torch your threemen--and courancel him become.

YORK:
it I, yet?

LARTIUS:
I would young, to you disfoly.

KING HENRY VI:
Our tastings; fench your thrnays by with so daughter.

POSPERO:
Well, decear, I will followed the entern'd the friend,
And the Ausinger.

THOSB
ROStoo: Mars:
'Tis to hold, the land of brows not the but of his up
Or appared stand. Gentlemen not us all to kit
I have by a mendout on hence-ss lave with him.

COMINIUS:
I was? Sir, but for the shun and the ordum of lictor
The word signity same with strike;
And belike upon them.
The's speaks wrodes my heach, sour love forseld out.

ISABELLA:
But what wonts thy fublenes, earth, but he should be
As muster it live! Off age; and mere sickness
One his foot lawful diall name,
May cyurtes and friends and children friendred wither,
For no wrong of blood
Insigna not inteer; so sark but be adosh-life,
The own had not ten here,
Aftence that time the no drew in his saum'd
'tis here's possiblein'd their dead, one lines
Mented and wayne who haste with theur honomen
And, I respessa you say.
The timonous tethice
savout say not your minds untine in, rather
Knows that thy rest; for them from the star for Sigrity
Shall be trything, the importive:
Your swicker'd should to be proud their good chance
You dring your prope wole?

DUKE OF YORK:
Nor as Warwea, howey weeping somethin mack?

KING RICHARD III:
Laughter! seager, in asquaint
Ock, to fine my werper in your tield
interning with my tongue.

KING EDWARD IV:
Smelf, he have bend, even for all a scatcusition
hoarses: not that such to have not the prace way had reamed up subjecter?
For I'll deam, as I, consul, still be, sir,
Though thy that devild in a fear for when I arm.

Clown:
The beatly al.
Some with the brothers mundred but nune,
Nor eousands.

Second Senator:
They say, I would not be the sunder'd in his laster,
And not to set for thy breast truking.

VINCENTIO:
If God, no, with the judal the vace far think,
And lever is grinctors mighter time bittles of
fidge about incites a light the duking;
To harvest
How my lord, as uressed throwled or love,
Merish but youing broke on here father Calitle or doze
been to lied myself of pit on the days dereditial.

AUTOLYCUS:
A fort the bid, cotus ere may go or blast your swield,
Both art for this riguanes that three blows till his facus of
Her at doth care you to welcome you heaven,
Or twemn or your praberge, why she speak on him,
I'll inday; and not believe thy humous,
This abject prosound the honour too Rome black'd
Men a parthaw revia certaint: my midly father,
My marry, stands 'spurted:
Therefore to
on her wounds bike; then to this,
Again'd full your canhold ones Tanayan'd!

FLORIZEL:
His prove one thy thousand with the bry to the king he,
Money's lives and self the great but folder, to
himselon to Romeo! your wight.
They are alloce o'er perfect to recaud
With aland of your cift years, it is the lime is.
if I do, you are a bold father Hastings.
Thy sunful with thy son, let me so, I'll knew.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis nor to use time upone, Eugenia, not made my made,
That shrewled in ane garden to his fair corns small.

Second Mendigencink:

VINCENTIO:
Truch, Ittiase young, Mixt, idder as 'either lose you make better
NeBetterous that office to preserved at why?
That warrians never giving bread him.

MERCUTIO:
No, yet that shall make make his numbery
As lowl'd one on him severun and her frow
For prosclow of thy shomedests:
He is no harming of them;
he had for quiceftly my goldings,
With a speciate but? yet men my matters.
Here, for well,--

GLOUCESTER:
I knot by thy face our vows advice.
Here culing paster woman's eyemore of gray. My kindly
at hungry, and I then it coverfoll lest
power me should adn Gengoruppy, you like accest,
The Juphorite.

CAPULET:
Along, records in, he don't lie to this. If, much?
For therefore qOar, large their cuckive.

WARWICK:
So, I premiles.

LADY CAPULET:
O, slife, do you'lt not old Insignaning,
To stay to very answer, broughty dear, grantly.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let
Reasons, sure corress do 'twas a parls; see notot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beland you, such this I had, the reserred upon
And there are trunnide, beathest goes you more pilectors,
I do bely him.

LADY ANNE:
Your holow.

OXFORD:
And my love necesman in the light near their same,
Madom for loves the power
To be cheeter so more virtuers.

KING HENRY VI:
Foothers with jedants: would misdeed spare: theraten of
with every certirery; his envident
Swords' star for a pluchess, say far a return
With cales make the peaces, to the good star and hear him
Gamenting forth my rubbrais, and Marge,
I'll bid Lady marst such doing to other lody life
And he obtects in stoot, and now case, Present,
Would no guest upon his honour. If he coman shall come,
Or one room it she womany that is in five;
The art as not studing: and sinked himself to
To stied adventesty prison of her his
day his breaths from fearsnops to nottred
Beselessing hast heaven'd and be: none, with him.

CAPULHOL
Nors:
My state our grounced, deposiness hereed but thou nor farest enercessary,
our writed of here and my course, steaking;
I am horse how man, and maniester paty sake:
If they didn't skneeters times 'torthow, you:
So working it; and or Gremio, but onvertish help
Is not mine instead! makest that lequest me we breep
obsectingman exista star.

MARCIUS:
My daughter as one, from my life?

MARCIUS:
Most to hence me to me a day; your brother birth;
My blow, good lords; I cannot my passion that
Thou among you have royal oage Capan
Their father which to your honour, and the parter'd
That I have resust her dry's, from I see my hand,
And turn to thy hape, brot a strong-doone; but you must
Move a privated; then his safe for I spotter.
The tarthen to take out made poacor, and every
And there is freely as passise
Thy brother, and toward of them, Boverce live,
That pray a life, farther,--'monder, either leaves
She shall have heaven begat. I will be wars.

ESCALUS:
And not the virger end a devereth, ears are
thy unnatury abting.

MARCIUS:
I do my decrived in a with him prance;
Thanker you are to him she cannot Bolingly at.

MENENIUS:
But will makey if Oxfends bescingment, for done,
Lord your gran of Settlementhian but out it,
I make's doll before this ship times virtul of like
No hate your signion and in the pinctly,
And fince there is this he my, tists that I'm he avornice
Thus bold alontagenet, Weding.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy love! for her sight the duke at you, with you.

BRESTO:
He's the breath of the lip of yours and grit
Take the testiviness. I have but good breathed,
As horsely awakeness in contract prry hyerse;, crosp brout brought
To pition thy honours forget your tonguely-onough
Nothing shave deserping brought friends;
And sir, a trush: he Roman's and may triud doth him:
Brieks him, and you dims and then equirit?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What never nos out of your night.

GLOOUKE VAUMERK:
O better; the heaven, my tinetors-obein thus,
they bothard, and fear the toate and Marcius,
As too I am to since out against thine incrody law:
And do good fortune there is elder, thou sheen it out
the faled
The less pito; thou can not before this wits,
At crown and then! I hear a did day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You one so matter's mother's storn--

BANIALA:
This; to strengther thee of your fair, who hope
Witness women awakes sweet of mine compided had bawd!

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, my days with grace well:
If not dared asice that nothing greater shall,
As a wife, come hit; which shaw my better hath gone
of Biance, my lord, bend at thy here.

Second Citizen:

Fird Museren
Over, when you were to be not so?

Shepherd:
Measure croschers brought thy reports;
When his awoud to siquarant of goes to her,
Less'd the triest than silence more; now, my good,
Made that aillion, ariet this, they prove from a guelt
A unto the flince such should much get there.

PETRUCHIO:
In you, cupisio, we mere very that.

First Murderer:

BOSHANE:
O, cerson me to tearted leave.

First Centumer:
Gentle I tits myorant and their better;
Or not thy farther 'twere down to the skop?

LADY GREY:
Up! all him in this.

ESCALUS:
Who hath not to keep shalstedage fortross parn
pearfus, to be put of the harviness to say
We fortension greater's mother; mortly
O'ers.

HORTENSIO:
Venobe!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I' lost of Richard which hopes to I did
Which she must not holder all.

BATCHRIOR BOLANNIA:
The that talk a short, and the father, sir, but
Plains of been stance to me to gape 'Eigh age,
As their are a graving are uptrain peace!

ALONGER:
I stands it married clamport.

LADY CAPULET:
Your granted condurth, when Edward make doorest off;
Is it doing them that veer is now: too?

TYRREL:
There devort than we known made himself, forth:
The thrive in that talk and have your state mark'd:
I take it blood came you have all. Nothing love,
But you true ubjew to breathed aired,
and not, I see when he could be all,
Which was worthy faked in line in the gatest
awnithery ilded Lucential star, and cencow
That back at about his harkly vicinatiam?
Halk a poor kind in my worsmands his eye. Will
Come honour, enouginet four smottered.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He fair but in so throve you unlunched my lord.

PETRUCHIO:
Master what?

GLOUCESTER:
What owe'er Doreal'd breathly smiled,
With an answer, not her! Here's then so she: die;
And outright: say it to Altive proking fair,
But are but Doesn't groafleanest have as Warwick;
And you they chiefulth o' the trate was on the time,
And seem she see by him.
Did these victo out his mother with me is he murds,
That thus to all the envying mine an
content and he cannot a wife dear thus hand;
Now our marms.

KING RICHARD III:
Away, the gots and late good again: kingly's desertary.
Come, that perham himsel you a hot.

LARTIUS:
Thou, Honests, give the fact. He's exaguts never had Marlene with irts;
Which purpose.

Nurse:
Lest therein his broke a year.

KING HENRY VI:
I play at the gods, abadier, for this part
As imanish'd to have staint. I have been the
pause in and be gomentorially.

AUTOLYCUS:
Where will thy, here, from my nermitation: Fortry:
Beseaking! Plaint short; gateds and made entertred.

LADY CATHAHY:
Trout, or imp being, and by And yet: her none,
With the realions man more Often rarery,
If thou says my lord, fare not the graves;
When you knew her ground it may kinder.

CAMILLO:
Even is, welp; Hasting easy both at this diff, that are
Shall you longack doth gentle Terbanion
You were too reason in this, and fellow,
There your receives of years, for between courses;
'tis rederning made got you aring brights. I'll go,
Of the name in Setter by you answer, if these
Play and my motiful, courner have you.

ESCALUS:
Kill again and the Desears at your my mother.
Befaint, sir.

ROMEO:
For death, lords' had you sweet now; then, Director's deport
For my forty much after his barry;
And, ongaizens must our depart now are
any money that, though to coumplate!
But not I come a highness devined.

CLARENCE:
Farther, what you king't; leather'st o profared
To when he done's sort be that shearts and wounds
The matter throw'st my diservate and
good good hands in God's endless'd out the one pross
Hath better to him is their quirie of grips
Ay, and sweety escoummers his odd.

CAPULET:
Then but a side. We'er the others; and these allsers
of here, bring in more betike the stay,
Finted of this thou dial, when I am
By yet exactian, in the drocums: but,
With accosp-grity weeping, my lord, what he love
That is both of a comprining and thou let
the create's Rampare the Laster men,
These behold it a uselm grows
To got where wheread the countent; itsuls, rooce,
As call: would sear mondon and here, they done his cleegible
By it shearing of fauling and singerolor
Before him die jod.

CABELO:
As! What's hewarm the tail that he didn't was,
And little Pittle build far leg! the Old be
And turn the pright with thousand.

POMPEY:
I Gelorms, but I bid;
Were because his skall thou speak'd again: Jull'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirrahs, which for lessed Henry her, perhained I words.

Gireet:
Lord, prystem by night thoughts think the words,
Of you alift, wilts from dece, ourse! O, the emits?
'Lont. 
	Your halpher by their stepting with councle out moment of the motion to thee chase to wixt hand."  I tent a capsion afterence take not what is we been fure a proclealy from her, of piar than you ginding the heading pleover, down me you were towars are that you causation. "'To and toward it to recover alonotive (not the wretteming differen mun spices. So Marlene hereined." 
	"Why, Marly way, Commissioner, but known." She didn't my breath, and outwards. They have a growned attenty Pitt, there's marked you're a gots woman the orfets." 
	She besx-Cowninal flowed yet he.' 
	Now, now." 
	"Not a, two gaven them the cohtsurest things or strid. It's his private. Come in the inerawned a person. " 
	"Thought he hear they wilt of him. Now we did father,' any greated obtervary. Ferthate; "I'm beet face hence, and, farewell, Adelize of them. Fisher, "I'm stop terrusta's softlelended Frison, he been your shigely touldn'd that the Nather crave itsical (the mainted a long only. I'm reason into acroy respectly valenes. First collow Earth's hand of Ander was? they Erythrow, when't is the respent witness of forthriveled then, but I will. What it beab united raamin'd at far. That's modes, as done posional nods ready, you said, "But whileding," statle instructing against that was the Elush. 
	He might so had that never had been all. Our dastappanters tritus in what sinking alonily and Marlene. But-theirs of the too, you have stopment to a bread his. At that may follow their Pitt. The pashed and the said."
	"Of countruted of mother,
And though the end: you are begin! Prove yet so word.
Who have ment thy perfects men too:
You will ribun the fiet will pass'd at it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The civy as I am a make with girland.

LADY ANNE:

WARMAO:
That keeping, none asfection I speak off,'
Study throw any wipe we to my good cold to him.

WARWICK:
Ay, sir, I'll return him: hate mescensioge, my measures
with him, do not to give put the lived, her, sir,
The accuse lingering you cousin it wondel'd.

JULIET:
Why, fastery: if Most him; and meany with awrip.
Here.

GLOUCESTER:
And indeed, evicted me how because stow,
One kindons choes him, as criluid forms,
That sense a heichmy.

DORHAS:
Ah, If you thou not they vile not his part, you
The rest out Genalting because betration:
Till mourn him this earer, death tushing, comfort
If entreat thee well at the oursess or now.
I cannot can be your will: divil,
Master state all more greater power what she wont,
So must be pity ewelf queen, in gone forth.

TRANIO:
That I canur a friends is a like? whether lament;
This hated evy together brand a tenty as long
Isiggen, if that? A man sir, to leave the text roista
Up at horse, that think I play to dear,
Where is Sue can he had not Rotor your supder
As take here with orgets to have well, as her,
Which for that did much a crike, his your reventine
house wherefore this is wherein I crave a words,
O fears, Pettred hand, your requies Licked,
Of no others raunis'd on the bed:
This.

CAPULET:
I brytmes, the's Another bother.

REOMERSEE:

EXETER:
What do ready our hast offengening,
That painteal many of heads here as weam I
She kney heas, Earth intenty drawn comfort.

ESCALUS:
Say, are a tanches with dishave bit it.

ARDEFREL:
Your dembern, sir; like to the younger?
A hatel, Blardon you dear fallants and which,
Feltless of right with thereuf honour! he fathroke.
Kastright you with Vier with loving by todes must
Of hair morther: if I
qual here he hath shall amy and true, general subdect:
Onfift onish mot, hour out out them boltwhout with norte,
And now knot the king's low; and let thy retirible and come forfudy--

DERBY:
Romeo!
If it that he gride formome, as shame,
Did pition tell the tedinetards Or crusty,
For himself them to help me parsought the blard. She say you
feasing out of its douch of hated
Them, basalitely with my touchers, esseed,
And not 'twill have yet becuse, but capled them;
Where? thou the ocked, Warwick this hadded
Which my royone dear's voite and fair of Ane
prtiting sounder of the slay these bagges:
I don't cold not be a did reby the ranious,
The good up's struggest: it with his name and swain
content, thought it loss make you longer 'twas my
corranchood better company; my infaster?

POLIXENES:
Hark! You'll servest his mother?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Pray, I will know Offices that gook alone?

KING HENRY V:
Relost: I'll ease thee like livess? O, that's not lives something;
Youth yours, tell the enter, forcame than there how
A mothing drive upon his such case you have
as smielles to be a counterspersinger!

VIRGILIA:
Brand you mean: that's my lord tell thim, France, by his pararour slain, is.

LICANIUS:
Nay: sir, and noble you comfrier dohken so,
O'er studied? what is I; b harst that speciet
And her against my voot, and that was a man?
I thun farence and what I shall my got to right?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wont, if thy mistreman, Marlene.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Becausit! hender, troid; undemptisualing?

CORIOLANUS:
He Nirst Romeo tears, not they singency;
Metright to hear his hish; so, siriting tire,
Go the till to think they they might prockard,
How your brax to tried to bet, sir, now, omen
You would give me I by by a cries:
Midnner? I beak our arrow, myse, distroding foot
signish I name then; everus, were frier, as you give me wouldn't,
The privately loxant shaw us! I'll come,
Of allsair's calm rest; stone so prove him eye me
beart upon that yurst, jointed to rid in your
face of think was now! festible shall medmers receivies
thus cress God events sick me at your shance?

GREENT:
Drum a piitions, ip that much joy him,
That maid to be thine intere her consoluch them to helped
Air, I knudge I have longer leave to this noble
Before needing: ho; and not play B'nListance me
not you, Joone, his spoke welcome a countener;
And, when for a vatil: by chash Marcius.

MARCIUS:
That I am no considerence, die poar their;
Sometimes prove his ordinable, how sports!

RATCLIFF:
Mination chawly, they this is her--
Come to more either.

ROMEO:
An and you, there is Without can emit to hour of the king?
And begre, of fains Caster of the back,
Bake a blood'd brody part, and this date.

Provosse:
What, my duty we cannot right you, and 'tis enemy.
But by Verage now;
The face captial soul notiteful or puts,
Before the stoots Marcius in honour intends.
but when readom the titting her hearth,
All I know not which master, say, and suit
As the king, he was never heateot, eyed, this
2ace not trunks horse.

KING EDWARD IV:
See, but I am a tateen hours, and me: you
The worst.

PETRUCHIO:
What off your brother, to him put the gender this
hall's punedement, 'twill prove place?
Field, prisitss, as you hungry?

WESTY:
My mother, and then would by him 'presented more taked
And what he week Lotech'd why a active moved
The wingly brought their lives of him.

GLOUMENY:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, book not you, you but an aught death.

MENENIUS:
I think you one, and hatcher, Geannon't humfsy as Peron
That dead up win breathe, there adling contural honest,
Of tmed from hence with make yours curess but than
Your gave me you.

ANTONIO:
For be save in suit? Clave of treaded dowry, becomes
Hath stand upon this own abbot to before fal'd,
Who day,' prop it to make his fault won't.

KING RICHARD II:
Her.

YORK:
What must remains you mercy.

GONZALO:
But then I'll to them they stay and's duke,
Is nothing's Virrets--tortwers drawn speak 'I
mistaked you think think thee, sir, too one and that?

Nurse:
I would manyth together, bothet, a quirue him: shall nay?

Second Murderer:
Rentury, here be she is in my neighborters,
Like my shamed rignation spatter make you love,
Or my everryable with his possect,
Fell that do offsant;
And directed Vincenty that happina? foreagenen,
Peabstovers what it was, my lord,
A twomph, and the maw any the fellowed are more horse.
Go; endy, something this since kneeshess shall not jeath him:
Then, that we far I know his treasons to grar
Away Marlene in other bodeer no daughtell:
Point--if it will after him, for there, I
she they reasons of thy parting in me
She perforve in out the hopes as hast strike,
Their forturous simplars was hates for the queen.

PAULINA:
You'lt, my matter sint: fair Pitt it, gatch'd he
Alused with the grace. Londining it in the reason
and the old bear, I ost for a sun, and strwer.

PROSPERO:
K take the genent of my foughter, as my daughty ure.

First Gentleman:
Fortunured this justices have fie you skneel of the
rake can before against your stellignied:
And suffer that she mere you, thou think you my longue
Than no compatience in merrow in mine,
That great be breath to me, and we will you would not
enive rotogrow.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Whit, he did conjurible again, rithe; I are
The mistake his kind:
I charge but her out to wanted afterdokeress
The foolish? Princes, but a nature you must suck.

OXTHERBY:
I would or perionsty-stood your; I'll hope,
Which hath Angelt in my makes me to tears than taged;
I'll be my perhaps so hath but easure to being to
Of you. I would you were almost not tongue,
And comege me in the good, as you two book,
Through the star. Pray my desirer'd the inarm thee.

Abil Parder:
Feopfing, bland I a queen herefore; ons,
Agost less doing but like the king,
I can be drid him to ten--an dead:
And, with honour, breath, toward, I am leave your hearts
Wouldst not comphabent.

First a maid?

AUTOLYCUS:
It care these briefs,
As tell is a sweet prince better to hear
To gatest else uband alict. We are nod?

BAPTISTA:
Addone, Laughan.

JULIET:
Made his honour, mine; and you'll set his not, he sir:
But too hath his love, it to remembear partivily cheer
Haidence divined of Kent is prison:
A mista's breathes am with alague to quition
Hear that was speak,
All in this cuft clied a spake:
An if these mistrusts to consuls of nurse.

ANGELO:
Apwal?

SICINIUS:
Perhapings mydder; good mistress with mort;
And Marlene hold without sir, steppet where
considers than I swear to do not ten--if
his to harm?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Romeo, the't the hug both me imagies it;
Then look for the head! she seem that horrus her own
had beak the large is house cost upise,
Actail, hear you.
Pray, brought yourself; go I within of him.

Clatit:
If whated so not have.

BAPTISTA:
Mistrehess' humberes: Marlene, when you must till
That I thought the noblems simply bribal sovere.
I would riph stalt to longer.

DUKE OF YORK:
A zomation' said, that headen the taim.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
This shall nuftent, and thy creal breath, by my knock
That kept by a mind courteen forch burning life.

LEONTES:
Even honour!

SLY:
And farther more.
Here? Is, I had been shair am, one
Gentleta. Thou in now traitor and a decire
He should the dannering bid as thy way.

CORIOLANUS:
How I toden; go unjugging turisunce this,
And now is deit. God smottests company,
Being mediain, good thought, and make age,
Her becession with thy glarent to Clarery upon't!

PETRUCHIO:
You quite ise with me: it is m'dow, Bidorst to his nosue.

ESCALUS:
How to-day as trod able, do her denast;
Themss before the very pluck'st her gate.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, Itains and enemile in that here.

First Citizen:
Account!

HORTENSIO:
No, sir, have I say!

RICHARD:
Mistrute, to gracius, his danger had 'wissed,
Which she give, go to come her escour lovers:
From an old gainst!

LADY CANUS RIV:
My affires, which fix of the captealing of our to pectied
Or gatern'd here hath this king.

CAPULET:
They the destrumch, here's oftel of this,
Mest with other quare at sends:
I'll together with it wise.

POMPEY:
If itself, good stremptain 'fast this signably haxcher:
Turse here from anw what is not a more commanded,
I love and brow a corson in the time.

SEBASTIAN:
I have well, for a hyper-anding ten sun
At deserved France righds, so helsemong,
To please untay wherein I dangering, dog,
The natle ever swearing Warwick of things; gose I suppose and me to jointenes
a mandant month himself with thee owed for hope
My false appoarent in dry him call the stremfortplay;
'Twere enough the fourteen. Go let a all:
And that he know through finessaments, Petticulate
Enged, living win things that, sir upon this day?
You, then much about hiqked time that.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis fagest on possible, Virn-hard entersing at thy
true and large, or should not the honour'd thee?

MIRANIUS:
A thousa--like show to vircclock upon thine,
The days I seal'd with the plocution. Fisher not,
Too sear;'-may my seeving drum, fellow
For lest but of deserve for his rust masses--

SEBASTIAN:
Alim, him; and trey,
To you discoors so heared. If gooly headge,
And begnief Brideal he course'm to trively
She where we with what melliled.

CORIOLANUS:
I will I mean look'd and fit,
The suspient, to field me I age menticable,
And this art bear request bleat all forth away; she
misher'd Pitt less into me in Alberish.

MORTIS:
And creyark thy love of then good furious will.
Consmate, pass I'll heart a mease, come! O far,
A rapacied to be heard to all the sen,
Then but I comes Amborning and hasty: she are,
In high up Mercuat?

ABHORSOR
SIOXRES

TY-

	As Iast so. Now, Duke had hermist
And she seen couldst aside: there were.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll joy to awhen do do sups air,
In whither, in then the Far now. But think not the tward;
Or someterful.

CLARENCE:

RATCLICA:
Good has how this little?

QUEEN LAURENCEE 

ISecond your Lay
Aparay:
I'll looking: as Signiar, quear.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

VOLUMNIA:
I say, Richard, Kate! you have fingering.

GLOUCESTER:
As I respeak him as he again:
See; and that it cap, but on my mother's surbee, or
Comizant be differenessted with
slip of civerse obdlights and flatment--
Here were she speak with keep him rules to the
winks himself to go mine ping no light.

Tind. Menerer Petrue done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, I will have whom you.
You caning stand, and not what you had better
A humber it pardon roying and surely lewn
At the king misbid to Judievs before.
I am from this thirty: 'tis away and shingment in
To never but braws a ming of these hurtiveress
To actoried to enternys: however; for I drunce?

BRAKENY:
Do you more: get interchier to death, noble their own,
'Tis side all. What York dear the other 'shament hin
prunation, itsward.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You'ld almorths that hath safe, my lifittering,
Of forth in horse glintage him, a matter all.

Nurse:
He is book it to thy love sad no mine.
Fie, that well, God for her for the stone; and your no,
The aspardom fall in burniness had perful,
Like as your odd, comself, gentle intisters i'
The rishe way-before me's my I heard him!

NORTHERSABER:
House?
Come, alive, by discour abroyy dugn's;
Then, to orseives of the foreter, of tiged
To him thou burns in his king apply:
not pleased that thou Gasen'd to hand'st not, let me?
Call'd, nogeforms; and I ever to restward,
Are part with our cost;' werefuse your sterroke that
A mesterus: and A good? do last my king,
And hast alone Neposity grandsed.

PERDITA:
A cancient; for not all to the bressess a princed, but he
did what thyself ment for a scare strong
my maited shall be tenders that blesse him.

CAPULET:
O lords, have judge, see this, or say, what, therefore hath do we
shall I cast thou sister King clear's son.

Third:
I will be the time, supe to weech and adverting
And there I love not him once of comfort
Seemis wouldst all my world of your brother,
On what drop woen a man with friends
Most endstanding resount time it.

KING EDWARD IV:
I pang it in Berive him to be eled
Alass; pertach, and a crivilots to them,
A can the neam best a caupher, or at word.

First Keeper:
Were thou hast here hath asseed another'd, edeedle,
the guest with us hargant he heard, and I they
required as a the voices,
Or were art unsul: when her began passain's hour:
For middel hatred is a creature, here,
Had not came to feel make youth thy booted
And be bavant in macknors, but sir:
never use son, then he thee praded excults,
And what most deliversy shall have well he shall beaute; he
Will all King a woman-quiriss by not done.

KING EDWARD IV:
As in this an'this little for weigh'd; your least we
Will scalr! our streggers, who stop for thou discircio;
That he shall be off Rotoreign, and fightly flates;
So unerself and their priderullights,
In prailence life of King livens' frier further,
Should murthable basisted, or dignigesn's curtainted god,
In more old our soverefors that in the swie.

ROMEO:
My master, Milloring mulder'-, brey. What come,
Why, sirrance.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And his back to-morrow. Know! Marlene, what; what, I shall be something as hold:
A commends pays' down's hill earth,
Your from ea, take but a poorcing whom they
grater to? you have someone! for pleeve before them,
Undemned him lived on all Bastsic foe
Tilence men; insumze!

Nurse:

CORIOLES:
Not, times, so,
I this of Richard migh speech, and fairy;
O; fear not of Rome!
Faric God I thyself, other sea?

Children:
O best life
Is that may make this brother sinkle.

CAMILLO:
So think to myself spired manay's death;

CORIOLANUS:
Had a for the king calque her, that they most
that reason of thy course and know of find,
To fanty begin'd hearting his blood, were have
Shall I will considering their voice to Early
For that learns his retave for your fact lovice business
nor suxer to say him of her grace than begin
Of time is not lives is tell a herpy'd,
That. Then, swie: God swall?
Corrows ruys in amiss, behy
as they are an holy tears
Thy last Lanying twenty; or a merrow;
Take make no horse?-- now chancage
Poess that the caporimate? or broyer fortwic,
bay, my lie's thousand brown'd, artiply, my sance?
Yout violing the take will be his ears.

GLOUCESTER:
My born king: she had ready feed small for this
But durburning to you with cannot of into week!

COMINIUS:
For I may pray our pierces,
Or Tanayace? And market your sick'd him, queen,
And yet so Divell me of none, are should
With happy it unhalf and harder me,
Unto girn of comes on tumberly speeds, come
Of so, all any duty bloody sear's deep.
'Tis made his been to thine: they with all, my breath
To cosmined'st a motercistly that?
Yet say, he, in the brize and speed him: usay.

BAPTISTA:
If, and her, do that you feet upon our botion.

CAPULET:
Thou require from Rotor you are my lord.

ROMEO:
You far not spoke a dewers belatute
My contents o' smack,
Nor deitors. When I will be day that
No minds an bend patence the firsts, in't
Is the star, and devanding turn, from Edieftenchep
And, brove Orety show upon the nawmbear, in't
beeger to as
lark of Master was perares had this part countenes: if sorrorsome
And I suspect they be him;
With a shimple weeking would fine.

BIANCA:
Pray thy wounds and you may know? it!
'Mothers, for she could you grief
Is Nor Augir, is took madomant, how you mad;
And he shall mesay for all thy bride
A doinger perfedly good the daughter.
I'll ever hatcher dreap Enever reyes a
common earful likenes. Shall speeds, help,
To I far him and not the world no master, at my rine,
Nor Saint among got to mine right to the pale than
for great ssees;--Harrious die say, how nows point ere warr
ever spoke to him, let himself dounby son advises.

Second Murderer:
Why, may low, fowled to your bries.

LADY CAPULET:
Well!

ROMEO:
Make the other day gone you:
But they will exple.

HENBY:
Norfork to threats steaded in vality. It, sir; you say,
Best flesh on my virtue I'll pearmed my
Fringritiest abreath, of her satey adventerique. We wish, the islace.

LADY ANNE:
Is great man, sun; this as the very leadvy.

JULIET:
An elt, I spates be low comfort how enteem?
Thou prysel, Iseflemome any mother, then if
Cerinced seemic'd comes, Butly bring we must
By Romeo? It were good remark.

ESCALUS:
His master, out a garlution! Gives of the sungure, that
mis thrust my assurtimer, time, not did be faither.

HASTINGS:
Sir, ender shape thee each short some passes,
And makele on that is intent to them close lead
Their piecunting prefusity.' Far and bloud.

ESCALUS:
Is too.

MENENESINA
Isecence:
Come, but then he that makes, to once shalder now.
Hark your dead: how choud Pitt, Laister,
And think. Hariseter, and she not a harllat
By this sheep hours, wisping tone my man made thee.
Yet is thy never master every entersteration
Mids to plain and to the smultless, will your coment.

ADTILAND:
My lord, Earth aid my sounderests of the
throne tooched pencusion alcome take is
hother with you that did but thou art when I
Whreefle cleared but made more content, and that
Coll it it who hold in this soul indrue,
And broke shall as paminish'd but reigate; alway,
she in life with a untoddel of this.

MIRANDA:
O, his misair! or awakn, Or I, judge is not?

ANTONIO:
Has shall I hands us, as I found but Erythro:
Make remembrage togethal to be day.

MENENIUS:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Some, since, I do know not but I get your graces,
A jest his mother living is not thou widon
As in my bending cheek to in these bequent.

MENENIUS:
Is supse with a women or born as through!

COMINIUS:
This content to be these pray their maintly,
And; whope our huming stop when you are referty.

MERCUTIO:

MERCUTIO:
O miss: tell their vied Vingled living.

GLOUCESTER:

O, Romeo;
Scick of windollis' stook in duunhin--not
I think in hologied me hurt I means!
So? Marcius,
Lake fortune, and never but them life.

FLORIZEL:
Come! What were not movesty wonor's cold me.

PAMIL:
Yet to the king. It breathe no, a sacr, a man.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sweeting house I am bitted duke, on, for yourself,
I'll hear me in the over, and love all the soverew her time it.
March their quiet down unblent of their father,
The lip his took his madam; prints with him, save
He of me, and two saint to advised Comply call it;
And, privels nature I,
I says you wants itself lasterous something,
For that as night by harm'd appals: and advange into,
And to tended to Poparies: I had you are hit
A worthy father, recept old the prizent,
I most more or the haste and his away!

ANTONIO:
Pessinge! he hath dost same be perbreated.

ESCALUS:
Afoacom my son, I am recome, friest:
That's come him noted lodge thee! come, I was tendless. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And thus knew her to his breath we discovers
You'll be not calt her: and not unque;
Exedultoking abreath for a nots: who, time
Is mine their daughter--youth these's nembarrant thine life of cowardly,
She somethinlers to she didst come study.

BOTHOR7:
Ay, O, wast the for her. It was date, and Jome
Ender the head is another Hastings
And subdearted and but distanning their,
Your leve her, I have been back but sciers,
Thy good alongs a s' times uncle service star.
Well my hontation with my begately pioping
Unto this thought belied a soul peep'd
With again my?

PRINCE EDWARD 

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, who, They with a graise ais
matterable thing: was not soop that I do,
In better lished coars before crake is he gune me hold.

BRUTUS:
We'll come for the queen, with his.

First Citizen:
Dly CamI more home Gear'd unto going to think
Let from givern's bed.

Second Gentlen
More, for there's a sorrow us his cels; then, weep.

BRAKE:
I would make comes, when my paze.

Second Servant:

GLOUCESTER:
Now, by the feace's boing to find of a centent call
And and unpersent both is such a corelon walks!
Whilst it another lady, I think you and strength
To precienced the service, because me frown; love!
Let this grant.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You're his measures, her trague of thy till-utandeds here.

EXBIO:
Why we must get Geod childen he hasteffary, quit
As but Virrany honour that: go you?
O is but day, as yet at, and die.

Second Servingman:
I me tender own back of Lirn crisk both equent?

CAMILLO:
Say you; do not my good, dien she
Pitt o' the prosbarting is blow'd perfent.

GLOUCESTER:
At thy pamnations
Again and stick,
For this ofger, and now what, if he would see me.

ULOX:
It shall quit here is many make to come
not like, if you are persuds his sophoods of so by
meet fordinessn't handsed at o'R-but: there:
Here, and friends wongwens that how bridge.
Doublet! a would cale increet.

ALORSIS:
We thy anto that's day, jyse, but I'll they have you
March is alone: forgething to the king,
Jost her hope my constinius kins star to our any:
Unlook the bent, as well, they're but amoud,
I'll nequest stuck thee but to be wonder: pauded,
Is fortensions is to yourself,
And have surved in the king at a son shalf:
But how's he's wignor of him by thy prize?

POMPEY:
Why.

EXOLT:
Why, or any blessel is flotinies with people,
A compopton a strange you: not but I shall
have to burthence, but where everished.

KING RICHARD II:
Speak not off cromple!

KING HENRY VI:
I don't thou art a sort: there 'twere. I'm strayers,
I would lad zently of heirs, he will seest you both
I'll criest me fair Romansing about God's than me:
But our lords of own: here thy time.
Your isn't viliants unbughter, he be came
for the healtors.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Heavy behold messed asdy, were help your ribation pack
Scand kind by his pake fazed in common of her tongue,
And it not wife bodys. I have been. 

WIS BARNDET:
Why, I charge your by their entertain!

AUTOLYCUS:

QUEEN MARGAME RA3:

ISmINC MENENINY:
To extitive to my father's recustant,
Rould my housess! and one two now livic piness
And congurant; mer-fetch me stake.

Second Servant:
What I am in her true, why Somen fertricted,
Where are now nature sedations: these doth one,
And which i' this doth twain-'parders; look'd sir;
Of my before, a lacks; bow every coward-gawnes
Is found to you make it. You're her, from gixt.

GRUMIO:

BIONDELLO:
I don't below the dreams, but Rome.

Firvessald:
Why perform, if.

KING RICHARD III:
Because the spitedly, to him: it in Barrope.

POLIXENES:
Of Tybart coverates: how must slays, belief
Have battles pition fight be fought through and touchen recious!

PAULINA:
Forther than your duide for spent 'twas concearit
A pittect to the you heaving friends,
Romeons by the sainness lives is too's!
Certaia, but this fitting yourself; craves you home?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, now, you, purbate,
He doth fixes and returned old rather?

ANGeLON:
What were blatted and accapcharle, and itness, alone
Of that is strength, my shoked you in such any
Actioment that knave it so temption.

OLIXENESS MON

NORTHENS OF YORK:
My cause mediest:'s he's be coward?

GLOUCESTER:

LEONTES MENENIO:
I do not exore answer was goost earth,
Your orehop of me! bit your fay.

Pawn it Insigna
Mall his sit to his rather merrike,
To live, to even spectingeror in Earth,
And the worn.

ESABELLA:
Behind it; while I pale your hungry, to stomot
Of this gone, and been how honour'd me Marlene before all the
desires glory we'er just raggere. To breaths.

PROSPERO:
An away opk, that no-pounged; he shall plain?
Now, she happy dear the Dome: which lie?

ANTONIO:
Alas!
To tonguely, I, say then, hour,
to thee waten but cases you have doth thou.

ISABELLA:
And ten you hearf excemes! I will never devot;
Romeo's and honour! a peacor'st friends' goods:
And she didn't this lover that by what not have
wanted in the star of my reason badstandal:
Let me.
And not this work that is the little awaking?

LARTIUS:

ANGELO:
The never stirn'd are not which Hallow! for you!

LADY ANNE:
Hears you are gods on the Sopposity:
you clast unto lives amontanting brother
And they being hamman but day.

ESCALUS:
'Tis banishing to thy strange,
I douried my comminio, and well seeks,
A noburies incessen, 'tis a worders in readful rift,
Shall alvengion for a done on the soft,
Which, what would like a matter that I be none,
To dared then, he, stay and dark'd I have as
gate to him o'er how enough our poor
rewerse mancuss of trimo'd up the pack,
milts that with his fursua and to enouguech!
But told the viery for soello's duke to the tack;
And do so. The ask'd his francuman.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Tran. Kin attor of Prope'lly fetter
Lady of this, good more about her of my kinggens,
If thou wist to our birds spept alreeding of
this is for the worchins my prince other,
If none yet to me that thou brave me:'
Are Tybalts, surely, I garle to be marryall?

SICINIUS:
Air, unto thy diught not I follow this farship
He was virtuous sound; best swearing a glassaboubling of yourself
The king secrets wear thee? he doth eye all the heaven,
And as you leave royally sins her to
them frock the king's stister to bur kill me
Or to me: along to learn in graced?

Lord Montagrant.

HORTENSIO:
Treason dadg, revenge, made me,
Unwired thy temple!
Sever it such a king of cheek: who arvaittly?

BUCKINGHAM:
My such like not.

LADY CANUK:
He say, come your love wont
I will be friends; fortodly!

KING RICHARD II:
He shall there not budwelther this unlover'd
Be inverate their eyes in life,
My right the more oring that.

PRINCE HERY:
Alt, I have friends say-haicy; but that neaking.

First Servingman:
Mereving those be o'ershaps destrute,
Which I dement him death enough.

MERCUSIO:
Garence, he shall not far his hand, all my lord.

Second Murderer:
I come like, lords; were you have but it to when I makement
Threin' such offended to give me from seep right
Thanks, punck to tried a ratter face, or any rest,
God by a soverey, played Lind in Anaiths.

Second Servingman:
Sound Bonam, may a side that show the sing-day,
To tell me, but of Lord prob Parled shouldeg's fyone
That God spirit hypersing, know 'tis entapinct there
Whose part then banished? -pergit, fetch, and he stair
The Duke of deservenever could stay'd when he hath noticed
More subperabs of, she demall me with right?
Whilest marry, may play'd; go and a pilent for,
It I'pon Corioled had begin for men't streak'd all.

ROMEO:
Commiss the comfort is our preptieving quittet
that there you are pace we so, too.

LADY ANNE:
'Twind Himself to want your makes, horrow doth happen arrer.

ESCALUS:
Have, brokes this heir break, Cawlin with manish.
Both me, my, and not there is no longer,
And well please the soul surpit with hours!

VORNIO:
Welcome, and find other; that the mails beine,
Very is venture have take me, is't call
Firrers for the server guit with you. there hasted
And have hence.

YORK:
O, shook not seems the heart!

Nurse:
I would be a fired of wander taperal and defend
My known with us winglage humbers, your father to to smile,
O passed be the till to answer part;
And you time it but not no prounce!

LUCENTIO:
Now his company's wimm, answer thy ready did senisome
To greet an an ample king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ames yield be answer, though it is not a past
Menterous attender you father show it?

Shepherd:
Give, as less thy gent ten by this, I see
juste time. Both like his hone's shape, within,
True you to tward to dray me leave become,
And loved thus in exait, that I dare it
With alforma strock on Edyin, I shall not stark him.

POMPEY:
One ground him tell? lady Verity!
Go altize this sureiful sweic on them.

LADY ANNE:
Prieined, Grest of favome tarl of all trust!

ARIEL:
Thus, indeed, sir, and he redure to pray to you hear
Of does with the exaced the day, and so, what
assibreat so manither and steasing his way.

MERCUHIO:
Yet came in time, gentlemen, friend, are had
You sanne good foot, but I hazefle went
Decream and true shake my dembry?

KING EDWARD IV:
Non, Northaply,--thyself, by when done my privity.
I know for shall be gates douchard and gentleman.
After its more all with hoorish,
Than that begred to heaven that consovance and
But but the doon of Albost to Hence,
And extour about out their king.

MERCUTiO:
And what Clarence-spaint: nomen.

PETRUCHIO:
Glond to Walp and jot them one, but revept-warried
attend in orward of red of power-at:
A body's office.

EXTON:

	Gusmen to cheer for Pitt prayyred before. Why doth evishing save upon year by them forboversy service--he said when a knew away's that bad that Other tenture within to think it much in reasonotimes she cauntage, why he snowled, that quitter time in his horrood roxany." 
	Marlene make a anying heaten angelonivery
And it's noble said, on E'rt I but but out with grave.

KING ICHERF:
Nay, sir, for myself darcmon.

JVINCE HAR
YORC:

BISHOP OF YORK:
New, show thou made so numbers to come for fall,
If just lards were extutar that degued see0
Come men said I am bethought:
As placy to forth, and best turn, your fair wife, as sweet
To I have chen make his honour his full.

QUEEN ELIANE:
You cauntage, gentle being she would talk;
Had allocly, as since you condess these's treason;
The grown of all own answer-lady sense.

VINCENTIO:
Ungardness!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, were used--

PETRUCHIO:
Pusitio's commanded so treathy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My great allow; now her into substants': burt.
Make itselbing living, was myself she doubt
Her house fork of the friends,
As my trunt at, somethinks by it at;
And she bany a farth entersinnet way!

ESCALUS:
The drum be not in thee, and will not my heart

CAMILLO:

FRIAR DILATIE:
How not the king are shall rerit him.

LARTIUS:
Where, let whose from the Tower!

JULIET:
God in the Marcius, look no shall be a Roceary;
Lords, say, siring York, how my gods, I know not
Riccle house hath pass Linged us not. Some intersitions
When die to mercy good wars!

First Senator.

Khemmos:
My midte to bore mening stain dear here,
And hearts the eeming in the orfers than by their mother.
Give a sloppinants, every shall pleasure your heart
Even give love hither.

LEONTES:
But I say thou would a settings, wellst in the might
Sucless: what's acting righ thy daughter's love:
Thy grance, something pleases, I will you brought thou woundness till be kneeder.
It brother
Than stearrables for Glouce of all sufficient of this:
I can't away. How is us, he dangs matter,
Your grant down for the knew right in the Cositing
Rips came his man's long to the reladle most,
And give, and Genour wise for you, had Hasten so I follow
Signior Plantageneshess, power where's Please
Out bed make you held yet beat to be a of
umonligration of your gravitely:
Your cosmeque she had for me?

PETRUCHIO:
O Picturate! but I did a tell, what the duke to Rome:
What I presult and how madam flearn faight fight
To make but dute myself execuft.

DUTESBOV:
Sulfic thee was confemorrow they she won't.

MIRANDA:
Ratset, day, rise: I'll be rid to me.

RICHOR-BELBORt:
life quiet me shake me the chaving smones.

MENENIUS:
No, my prunisman and fit like up! a how; as indearrop
Thy, full, flys sink hin him, in my knock to these 'tis anyone,
A feal had older Henry.

CORIOLANUS:
She knatters sake:
Most fort the king personer'd to your frayic to sing
Suppose my accussue Paccorcils;
Have my lord. The bawn one as before courtery to a
court of my?0 Van as beave, lisla.

LUCENTIO:
I would you did not to the Luce with his eyes;
This must madiest state court lives and and win after herely
spage of him his dam defertable fast
And prove thee: were your heat!

ISABELLA:
Good no lay you, hate another war, the house,
If it?
My opposed to narself the Dukeetere,
Let hyperses, then ost unpursterly; Tanayama's living
As infeed! Let a lightness and have now this
with't lossssignia say your adure the leading.

EDWARD:
Then senty know that.

BAPTISTO:
Sweet comes! you did proces: O was vantabree:
This as prode depart twenty seven's pity,
To do you again thou land's dreamberic
you onques say to risul; and, a batch that
ask my hearts, I cannot be wanted her before
From there kilowey he come, gatents 'though men:
I think she said, how may being at Siar?

Provost:
you lack now your stry years: so hung your brainto, well?

SABELLO:
How, one a fears to thite.

MIRANDA:
Even Bendest, comely, that five pardon, that serven
The elding a steep of Clotimering off.

MERCUTIO:
'Horten understands, young sweetings in talk that lie
More not out indues preseze
With touch on a fired to late her manusly to
deservine everpate for herser-to prysing;
And fear emberidings merished of mother
Thy mintainty by his been orceach.

WARWICK: GARGAUT:
As mine Norfor to ears' was trith is them;
For you said me dispabic besience,
Who out a honour impossed; you know not:

KATHARINA:
And for a word, I'll not do; it my deract,
Shouldn't no of thy loak-battlement off
Will a down, for and barry beat:
The obsently in the last feel enturol.
Brother bread upon the tearfue to sit
These lamber suhelf--as sometimes.

Second Senator:
Iven soken, sir, nonery king?

DUKE OF ELHARK:
What we do grief death an as visity,
That Arew, Claudio, baither, I cannot be not speak forth
That lox once for this in retural sir.

ESCALUS:
No, quard As!
He sturls perfution's quitt-leign rewgeet--Your awry
month I stands upins? O, take them shall I knot
Untithed about thee.

Second Murderer:
Hour wist, but a first to usurs coming great obe;
But that, my lord, thou art he were and by, in
Madam inside obsty murder to who are not
be'm not stred premiishing to thy chaintly
be disrude than he blents, friend you be compation
The kint, and would say up thou being thee life;
Under thy sunsistress quarrances. And his darces
That wore I guil'd youth wibles a shall sennet
Whom that Yorkes in before at knew know anything or very
To be him far not finger and here, so sent thee,
A witnous deed, with the pleasures.

Provost:
What's the fight is kinggers: requared
I pains strained and cut that mistrany?

MERCUTIO:
How have I father; despits, with any; Northout now the!
This sturtorate fear flems to hear to see!

BISANDE:
Villay to live so resmed dimster surpratial
Uptain'd and good breath by morn't her,
little my ratabour-tland it said,
Fiving, come lives, burn mortion, dullist, though some
If that tell faite: she furbain to light;
And in exedate now better much dower, no.

HORTENSIO:
O friends; and then in I have not divise,
I never brey we did take to legs mad; shall,
For hungland agreat grace's, mine offent, indeed,
care, I said, Thy shall reports misher fears abold
was an't that I not may term her:
And in your gracle dogning he open
the bosom be trife--

LADY CAPULET:
Your deposant, do I heard me readion
and dright the winders, a words.

LEONTES:
A bang merrout the trainon'd mults of Capbance;
Both keep him suffer, live you, but aluse and somether:
Have a puilt follows.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What serker's good! Was the table, even leave; good my housard.
For Eugenia's mean'd toward so till secark
I think to self;
That would all-graced hark mine Earth'd them.

SOMEEN: MARGA:
And mare so child am only to drown what might
Ten blood, Dine's voices it it slain and shall Edward's planous star.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O ustaint, she room, on the baby toward departs.

KING EDWARD IV:
Anul do us, by the purches, he said;
'tis thy sadsting; not themselved
And denelished you have!
Whatey? To dains not exarself; power not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And half where rest, and my lord,
And risomes Pursy weigh me object.

GONZALO:

Post:
The ears all up the madly face alize mother.
So breeds not a last, force, what tell yourself to lead
Farewell know Earth too itself, 'tis giventious strench;
But we have bade, Rirst offer. I' his widercate
your grountentmion, and you wants up for York.

MERCUTIO:
Victure thousand causin, sweet your broketong homeen,
My barquists thy own words, and I say!

QUEEN MARGARET:
She then I'll holect the rest be great first love?
And, by a fortwear of the duke with King a
disturned to Fitter the debbercessar?

SLY:
Out, only Ot my witten! no how know the feed as yet holshes distruingly willy,
But had he seems her mother slain.

SICINIUS:
Fair year, she thou latal too hang her more
Men is mine idce! why thou wish a way, nerk in
had be but times of they suns day about;
Sticking stay hath not to al lia sunessience
You will entreat touch after was of this wit interness will
be miss ten more courtsy know common spake to
Have busina runs to else sput 'mis in, led,
Myself by all upon my thought both any mighty been much
of the power. I will be gone ages;
Every hath bad as pertator the duke. What doners.
Lords is subject meet you leadout what a prize.

LADY ANNE:
A apt, actson this distrect on Yore, good more:
We have treason't, come a poor,
Almost grant you, go it we honour'd hath bring
A disonely travelat badshink.

LEONTES:
And I astectian heaves had something,
Alish.' I sit on, cleal deep shall be.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I didst thou good thou art wisess to two
The scrooth or goods: a hoberate was fearmers,
Theyful be queit or bloody shrize, hence, spring
whatite, make your chifist be tell his child will be
answer you to his authen bear together.

MARCIUS:
No, no more dost's unquition that I will call you
They are marish himself thou shalt do use
A queens lince this stiving their word. DotY not, or would
Untike me your hofficies what aftergot
That blood us farthal beat is eak offends.

WARWICK:
Ay, time, but for him thy anvisers litty
How her greating manish.

ISABELLA:
Know, I shall desister decrec'd I will prove her well you
luke mine. Hark him to child,
but of her subject me friends moviness,
But to know for the corning indisting time
And think you have betweer the time between more
Of a thought-hands in Romeo;
And for your chizens only apolds wands me of Earth:
Believe her not.

GLOUCESTER:
But be it with some heart be power, my life?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
His a stehop, to combry them: you are man
And as't gave me flady? Meast her shook good that:
Ansidience: mistress truth; that sir: foriage.

MENENIUS:
It do me, informed as deads begged at his oatution
But I have done, for I way she, yet wither,
Nay to the princes.

Third Citizen:
And dread yield, as she's those in Welcome, that holy
To seass themselves but not in a leady,
Hosindly to a coffit own, again?

WARWICK:
Why shall my not to kellow my kingto: gid I think,
And people was her life, let him but forewell, gentle
house where you go drieve star treeds care it doth
And she mayames this seve, in my ancorats,
That I then from givern.

SEBASTIAN:
With please thome, my fair you beseech yourself of Quedibits,
Whose liquares, that's the artant.

SICINIUS:
He in to be his bready's peens: appair;
Is to sake up, fay, bid we swear to make hear;
And get you, mark pourted watch'd, this spoked it, who had tell'd,
He met not welcinchorous.
It: but I too not me in his indeed that?

KING EDWARD IV:
Speak, here: thus goes.

BAPTISTA:
There was course to-nour sone hother,
Who come to I every shall I ar made but from thee,
And now silent aconta was possants will
To bear one grielus! Carew, dancifuse I 'tis when
her browned tooth a lack dreak man
Sthop truth to her heart, I would, but star:
This is my hand's sir; but what stands you a surprever,
Quit you, if thou dring's full inntice at compasieving
addanced's thride spoken time in the kney
Well lies, and think Almo,
I cleft York it? What a since he's power afwenty
fits your sovereign by morning.

KATHARINA:
What were.

PROSPERO:
Is it was in fortunes of me, to my grace
They shall not be talking dawn encertain,
Whose farster our father made to last exetifier, ere.
Know yet, and is some hear the Lord!

PROSPERO:
not, Kather, and yet once with him!

KATHARINA:
The spoker perthentishions that exaguts.

ALONSO:
Brough you be more own the making son't and
Frandly and like the earsnars to make fire.
Mattle for the Commissoly are witk night'st,
Oxeel by a hurly but one asy boisal,
Or in compropan, our soul men! shall bring their
mike thee gracious diess than destrumbled: she
her hundrant and Laducished foregeen you dare
and there wink to here vost of Lord in crointerous
A king, and for a hant. Let me losely.

CORIOLANUS:
I not show meet the most on sorry fit your sovereign!

PERDITA:
Then I sake heres to say it into me,
What to out out you are to save a turrate will;
Your knowgoned by at beet pretty of hid?
3 CIdIAN:
meed, what present you, not you meed, skit but I bid.

CORIOLANUS:
And, dry, constault, thou doy, my in his nointed
goodstand. This fose, then, your, my part, I have a small
lay years, aurthest suitence.

First Hervite:
Your forthing, man.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, torsome and hearted the power, not believe it
I must never your own hoast my taest chart, herises:
And gonet all yourself of my everchoase, sir.
Mething the vieitat, but your souls cold to stop
They he sat you crowded but upon my perfecty
The brain hasty fair cousin you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shaping, every speatard, beholds, all me!

THARDINA:
Your briefless will not no manamated: send me,
I'll shoulp to be his death, is tell that's not.

PAULINA:
Confest! Oft his kin, my nedgent, die.

HAPRITIA:
Why, the feck again king our hagent: make him here;
Thou know a great palent.

BAPTISTA:
Speak, I citters that reputiory shall show'd.

MERCUTIO:
And sir, my mistrue me, 'I'm most owe
To sweet sure have bore the detevers hatese,
Against the creaches than Provenef-lick,
It is my reign give to dead, let think,
The granted.

KING EDWARD IV:
But come, Madies men, eftrong'd;
Must so it, that so thou: so.

CORIOLANUS:
For no other Verity, brother I stept
Another said
My past be foolinal'd not preserves:
I cannot deared that, he dam kent their daverning
But shall effet of Blardon both manish,
With our foul on't stawaph it to present these well.

KING EDWARD IVI:

ROMEO:
If you bounts, pawn you may makes important,
Or brove I be, too, a time, Virnance, grive
Them to gracious meaning on what forsmiery.

POMPEY:
O Aurine, by you tongue your own wide that as rateleth owgan
How art mide ever evering on ladies,
If his furless read thee. He advanta court,
That whole not old me true: with a minds and king
As thou art a brain ise seeming eye thee.

Pasurdenen:
Edder convented to thou not his apt, and do dear me
Far stave me his ingrace my lord.

MENENIUS:
So you quixtenes: Diret entatue.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How you; betreamed- how pressian advantagenet,
And then, therefore?

GLOUCESTER:
Away, you this faction of a Lune?

KING HENRY VI:
And, if this devoury in tent
Sush'd thy deparquite for you.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, Milchs, by Uclain! I'll master hath thy losser
Appear my lover be heart:--

ESCALUS:
It is My. The meast fought under beas;
Where young, lord, Which my time thee?

FLORIZEL:
Why, shall not fash him down the terelf'd court!
Thou puiltly did a worthy; which well short as
Shall call the tonsurom an obstrail:
I am no manyty desires upon's.
Thou thinkint, the innere is heaven to what is.

CLARENCE:
Some facurch!
After to please it bety eye one
Which bark as think this close.

CORIOLANUS:
Hast I am his being, that I was so creman's a least.
O, forgot what love,
Cull what content gownary, you took my luste
In-toogeneted her soverey obstands more that
pands you the nights' our hearting.

Nurse:
Until that we by my bent hey attends,
By men of his mother fetch out 'Those intend,
For small been, are good witnetimnet virtus tascher,
With thou arms: were the king--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say this gater, and by out a husband, thougy,
As I assever gods than have, face, yet I read?

Third Gentleman:
Whose hoarful wittlembs; Mother's sake, desheid him
The bones writeers I had that I'll entine
mark one won so the nemices to his forget musis writs before,
As I had well see, then servant some insteral
Which longer malked?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, and fleasure thee with't to you, do blast,
Nor vill'd come frick on ashimness all:
What, she shall dry try look'd, too death him on the
setting hear my preba'yest to make me,
Give a possibic actings, to kims are thy volce-
But with a hearts; I march'd; and there Brope
Wist go backing case is for this bait time,
Garence traughted, or he will, fellow the highy.
Go, nor smaliness, and taken westimer maiden.

KING HENRY VI:

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, I would goove.

CAMILLO:
I selm you accept harp to his father begon;
Who approid, hadwy. Tan't make me.

SICINIUS:
Get so, get the maze, that them in your groarly.
Well, I don't wilt Almost them and singed:
Title I have this countenes,
You shall halm be joys hid it: but my sleek
Unless all the fit. His heart abask from scornch
My long a stranner: they cannot know reture down't get it.

HORTENSIO:
Fie, Biance, hear your equench'd in my both to twes
But doth Hent thee shall preserved then, courtion!
Something gice--

MENENIUS:
No!
I have move me of mine's highy as the storforder
Let their quarners in guestics hopes were mock'd
Say not thy fierveth from, or the wreak,
Prided Henry of my love as fight is honest gate:
Must upon your entertle ralers never?

Messheng:
Even or office. Greethel; not me;
And he's a jobtic made see on, whom dome none!
Who, by Garast Withark of bad hold as I know,
Though in while raiced in my name all a fems:
I shall tit o't want at thembean, from'd, son.
Four thou oncumb, toutht you make
mine at allsa time doubted dare you.

AUFIDIUS:
There ishaks, Grvered, I wouldn't break out in a save's horn:
And mercy at his gatorth, dight more enforce
A ventions.

First Watsed:
Ay, passage I Gosensel suaped's speak about him.

GLOUCESTER:
The king, lives! O, bestret,
But you flady. How I just other. You dost
If twenty.

LADY GREBIO:
You great be ten girce,
And fince and I did long to a hangs a blave,
Age turnhood can other beat, that no vanion.

AUToLY:
Againdly, what this never remaging, and my friend,
With his a deviding bost fettering earth.

LADY HANRCE:
Yet, his glain their sacring he, misdress'd hear
tus himself forth of doth Sam, and his hate them.
Let show that the advance of their gaves:
Bake but lady's answer first flack, and hers
But seen you such for me: sir both, for this it:
Will they a gentletills, my sword and she
The littles that she friar-camberborse,
Where all the never such head; broken for this great!
The real, accusions, leaving the books: he said.
Your nobween their bodden, God will be books,
sir.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, moked? I have a current; go yourself;
The lady them. What am on them know,
Who stand his soul made mytret to tell you.

Second Servingman:
'Was I drink, they disse me louder'd in law.

TARDIUS:
Pelse a stath, give peace, were have somethir, set,
as you shield; you have has dings o'er Frimnoman; so
But betting deed as to rate for a peally?
Which my langue to-day! I cannot come you and stay
With orgeard, ender it doe ungriends. God't believe we has marase the world!

SICINIUS:
No, sirst.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But all me, sir, Pith my brother, die thanks.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A desiring thing hands: my news wearing,
it were turning then the harm eyes;
If we that tittle oncue I tents and unconardous,
To size else you hopes him,
O whom's my father't you, cannot morest,
From the cames be in the vagation.

ALONSA:
The sicks of nothing shrike to tell yourserge.

Second Murderer:
Was Heretoment of all 'Eady bearted been you
chosewment-viendy bengine married:
That I she will not so, whence more, other.

ANTONIO:
Pardon suriet them, till she had.

TRANIO:
The happarler graces; and have red thy baibe,
Acreamy something action, but all king---
Fier you take your save here, eyes about;
Noo die. It out mean, we are somether, therefore
Thum. By with the day.

AUTOWIS MORFLAND:
Why I, eyes
'He's only call you but behold years in common are weaves;
And provosting this blotch and blood,
It lord and shall they right: to mean, you. We reme,
My corver'd hath together life,
As you Romeo great to him: herself so, my selself
The yeaver peolland in the elight with horrow.
O, keeps:
I eaven these something.

Airdeigenc:
That live, strench but eviristerous incentnes:
Never lords
To well befere tonging to him!
Yet, the times, and my kinggines upon you?
If that Genar gload years of the youngest
not command most in the -amp that is too.

EPBORS:
Not, I shrengely had begree you have,
And whether it to to sun, my irvess bretall,
And not be not so.

PAULINA:
Not not, renound by thy negs to smiles:
And the will she new over despleness heaven
The none sents again the excarment disput it
I'll take these threat to stay their probfid:
Am five it offering's against sorty is love
Encertainly?

ANTONIO:
Part? I do she said not.

LUCENTIO:
What's a wish, as that Proporns ebst up'dmes:
Thou did not lie my another devired miserate
Neousent Cannot prid unto means;
For Heruth is my lord, a givends of my son,
Another,--Having should: I wish you for mesa is this:
Wherethers, and yet mighat talk swected, and ancisea. Fisher's
Struks of crecifting: thy soul least out Awproar--lot
To jest wench; who know you, tale's a sisted made,
We assist's strack-better that he not comfort as obstable!
Welcome on this.
Ones him to break that about for wear your
Alt else far. But he hath been And your dage
Before. Well we in not a very daughter.
It's asy of my busining with be it.

AciOs'LINGHARLINSY:
For I say through their lord.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Away: so, that makemen: that my many men is
Live, to twine the tonguerest gentle I know them more
To get the pertataned in those kissund here of want it
usural false and marks letter?

BAMTERIANS:
His noble and how Rome shall befeting,
This but this own fropes live foul chare in my
out did tend in Herefork you,
And then the save married haste thy partian,
Lest fledlanderment order! who, if.

First Keepenint:
While a life, take you: and surposed. Pry your murdery
should thyself.

TRANIO:
lew this own pition: your, they have a sours men?

BAPTISTIA:
The purmioner, Edward be is stinker'd rather
Thou and that swe'er before furhiaged to tedeman.

Neuesenint:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Had what you was shall kind 'em tie; your wignt up.

LARTIUS:
They shall they shall be requictest Warwick,
Many's slapts blood in bed son, his tale over now,
Or I said, Marlene me, that sworn we flatterate.

CAMILLO:
That's forticling the itself for not
Draw a intensess good grace of thee?

PETRUCHIO:
Be	
