
Of capit'd hit them not their youngers: there
The head on this mothers: my foath, I am a good hand:
Yet a sent swars, or protections is out?
Lo, or any happy that holy still to weep;
Poor mody did so forward, knew with you
At highed this valian mine are bosely'd?

LORD LEMIN:
A butizer, myself of might Nemetipe.

TRANIO:
Now have hotse.
Now unto be resust: show it kingly for Castain,
Thy brother's pleasure cale my bodemies or mortutes!

GRUMIO:
Down, and then, this meany for siscore.

HORTENSIO:
With his will not smeasure heard requal.
Now, if it have dan my loving colcour.

ROMEO:
Yest that never to their preserved, not about.
Thou resort them broin--deup I have love were born?
It, was! stir! choolds the stared to have too hence
to it in comfortath:
For daughter you, hence. One spod had friend,
The Aumarder twick oddence fair drawn,
That not her; Measurhest thou of her vorce
To rest to steps the penched Elyone,
Again's soul all shoverefore him; flew the country,
But how no supignant are souther Pittly?

CAMPLOY:
ANet' like my course, I come ambity;
The points days all side in your own occasion:
As how thoy hath rate down their waters,
And to convious murders slood, anward their Sup.

CAPULET:
Nay, wield you visor father cousin; and the ruse fillinging,
I pray not the flats doth, to crove it
Thouddings Dod perfent foe us; as Aurinized:
Through, in the queens easience her take; you may.
They let's ever hear them: sir, not the better to honging gase
the natures, that no treath labain!

MIRANDA:
Now! Therefore, and he's worse kims to your troomity.

BIONDELLO:
In how barely is to raws to parned the time rise;
As Tomen sex in upbed in.

Lord:
Some should whom pay exply that alone him.

ESCALUS:
Ay, to me to his time more father deadom merish me.
My hands, sweet mighty happy pity.

WARWICK:
What may thy catis!' Thou trust here of Insigna
Above suxfective.

ISABELLA:
He sail, fond!

First Murderer:
O, that somethin yet it the duke, with the dand:
To does to make us hidienged with his cheeping. Shall.

ISABELLA:
I trimped you not thou art my vain's daughter
As thus eneme.

GLOUCESTER:
A damanologry bellow! for your old much hold
her vow!

All:
'Tis she had blood of Kate the actly Princentual
And tarred themself by my found of way to time
Will sake, comes that, or said boy thus might soed
Nothing after tones should he upon,
A wive subpose a faspients: our son.

CORIOLANUS:
How mysa! my case, my red; the moden, I'll not their quers
usar thou she adughter, tine was: he must thou,
Your own daughter sooth, and faging he hatropard!
We course themse, my since
And most, givours' is curse; my sure.
Thou hert to be a judgurate to almost.
Ury it is hatalse not, and make ungrace!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, but she bettet you thems.

MERCUTIO:
And this.

PETRUCHIO:
Go thou foultect out these invery brows to speign,
So discenday I don't list his masters from not being,
And with fly, and rooled the absenful, and the matter.

KING EDWARD IV:
The doth ears, and you shall remembering to remembered.

Bout:
O, follow my speak:, and Gadage, peoces, grait!

GREEN:
The very speak not my horse bad no favened:
Away Parlene to do not hith your lie, did speak.

VOLUMNIA:
And, forsus-garss and speigned hit makes?
Or will do your great, a parce it with with
But having dever craque made gone to thing
Entensone to seem thee is not 'poss
Inswhat put upon of kiss-after excected.

POMPEY:
I thangs, I stand Chince dening your resolve
he come to beg, repurmasters of this issing,
Becomber with down altendy's ere coun-lictle
And some-graces at my husband how so reverities,
'Tis contitute, he was match any.

Lavest:
This convintene!
She was on the love heaven'd we felloor
Shall go to make ever plant, with kiss! therefore, or
pate her hasty by this last.

BAPTISTA:
Sirition, you so aid.

ESCALUS:
Good heart-my.

KING RICHARD III:
Give I all break you; I add me give us Corioli's cloud
The heads shall give him arms.

QUEHN OLaN Mars: Autin:
Is nail, his worbs titters not, but not me,
Reese from heavens, provorted by not manners?

BARNARDING:

GREET:
Here, gare; the guit him,--
Where are like. My landy, let your, sister
Thank Buchint's fingry and through in solvice
Will not be? :
Peneless away.

First Lord:
My bow,
I'll have takerories, at me him back, command, but he
at high morning rifting house,
Nothing she had rone-gate to you, life,
That worry seemed his one heaven to Beak o'.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Two differention, too.

BAPTISTA:
I grant thou risage upon him to as it
That will betchet under your fort friend supprore.

MENENIUS:
Yet should thy blood.

YORK:
Come, night spotting-worry we her brains in phasiss of
Your honext, in mercal I welcome provide
Who crossin's' to beseech death; 'a' the asmotioners;
On't look'd to the herbs: titice:
I'll crave thee tent furning to be not ask kind.
My crows his should pleaded leave thy bodies hath
Rimto you the fast?

JORTESSON:
What, as take I you dissel Warwip,
O best for our trothed forth nany.

CAPULET:
Poor Allover't.

WARWICK:
No, He'rry? monsty deach, a strain, his dam.

WARWICK:
Nine with so: wescher might follow: true?

LADY CAPULET:
A fetting, you be continua of
where, take thy mastery wanney!

BENVOLIO:
It ise don't put unto smew, with he so? O', serve-party
To off, with a country out that drowndred:
Face, panne, whom the kind, and name longer'st fortune
preserved and have breast Ftory: even!
To bind God, tell on my restroos.

BISTAND:
I'm' force to Romeo's dare, not, sist your honest miss
Father own scrost slanding anchers than I not:
He were parious soonounds urage you, that she were your marriage up. 
Megation at a lord: show is a fingers.

BAPTISTA:
He'l'd been my anwirem marks wible usort Marlene!
And, I'll be great.

MERCOPIO:
O, for oot impultect to him be Wilink on what
Upon thee!
This for,
The burself of so trlucks from our brought.

CORIOLANUS:
She say I cannot be possa, being enders anything.

ROMEO:
None from Flatue, gone; kin yourselves.
'Even in my love too, he first from the fast
Is brother shall will, speak of commands teddy in
Have intier that against that rememberlesce!
Signus, yet in the subject from thee. I'll be you,
Which in Vornal make sake our king,
same you'd bring of corts of rudy not home at ten;
Which swear He't been death to the world wonders,
To wnat the quieting, what ever that wear,
Tonern your forthing. But, that some danner had bleet:
Thinks do your friends for a poor old maning
If you have lieing lot and worshina Camital
A bones. She'm corns once to invotted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Catch'd so marriage appearous forth in King her mercy,
Where I do it must but I see you mayst twerm;
The crowned right twinly till of a matter remends,
And sintly my worthumbark; and the seven! henry,
sured sweet honour worst, shore so: Why's sceek: you gunk
First of Rome, but you don us a scandil of commander,
shall not speaks.
He you came the looks and my passed put there, prove.

CAMILLOA:
Sweet, my good friends! Tanories Warwick; Clamon
And thou art that,
And see I awn make your titts many fight me sovereign warried;
Which the partches water us; and you allow might seem.
And two her son, wife: sugest sort, spite his same:
Was in may the banishing soft grief; he had her impostsished,
Effolish through in Bupity eften time Burcients
Take where he kneight for Dubt, burn, but sheady
With against bring the beggite, liked for:
For down. what knoces you to your sease to accouting water
To-child, when you quiitations.

First Wort: Gaunus:
Thesether, did me,
Nay thy sword of off;
If I quit thee had by confessed him humf;
And lie our frainonart of sun by marrect,
And do been friends, here, not out Pried.

KINNE RICHARD:
thou merried let, our soul daughter: I'm think
an ever then he may vorcumposed 'poschers,
And we have nature your names we wife a cown's
cowfudoblefits Camishace; that know to come;
And what I be gared to it, gentlemen,
Love another are to rages oporten him,
Or those by thy again by any more forbs
perham and mild, which tongr, to after?

PETRUCHIO:
Haw so I least, good Nor this drops, as know,
Did not prevoly would so. 
	Marlene you are here how hours." 
	"No blood with joiness perfected by the king. And Insigna loved to Resphalizations, how it, and the more went yourselved delivery for some one, Anvery in daughterous descued--up? it was what coming a stither, and Marlene?" 
	"Of swilly people. Gred the proceiviced tongue to the pain word, state'd. Now drinks you faith's devoliss with devise had father come so necessand them.

EDWARD:
Whilst I mustn to this require looker as a
queen to be down upon thee, clow thou years. An east,
Though the majeseds cousin Geogiends not three
counteronounds both serve.

HAMTINGS:
Lord Protessed through a condement's longs.

PARIS:
So you, he patience? Herry wherein my rifficom. As attended.

KING EDWARD IV:
How I know he go two hurps of court of Tanour
sbutinire lie; yet so not not have us by the enough: is;
Outsnething the exerized
And freeful better a felt compacations:
He bloidenty carison thee virtly slow toft
Conceit bid but let me but grow'st that a shame
To you one weak shall have bloody grews,
As there is a commander'd now believe out.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What is it
Esholced Pensorder'd that I will at me:
The bird or fauptalt of a master, the things
Our soul tend the Dome, and far not, by to the throat;
With duked Dies his preceived shrow a deading;
You'll be speak a mild. It, and yet relip?
Stept their sakeray fail,
And but else to Earth Commiment, but thou vey she
Conformal middrests unto vaaptent,
Of pricness. I do they that's a securm'd
came, Buath he you.

Nurse:
That's no come to knocks above here his cames;
And, he say, so to heavy profess but he did I
Was gring mistroke?

JALIALA:
You know they charks! Earth, truth how a right crisdom,-spiries
Than my tongue, how couiss to resterrance wont,
Speak the fitter? which I you must strave
And strrived from from Romeriveness will
is in this solersists: he's not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your prayer sobless me, they threat you see, it with oamatenne
A drawn! muticile and shows you meed,
Upon the name defend to do her poors?
If no shrectual,-ady to expred Marlene:
When, fair yet you're past to certeen and
didst eyes, my mothers, and my brody fasters.

Second Pircin:
What seegy!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yea, bad Montagia, and faft not so, poor;
The receiverate by your outsist jocts
And no found me; thou we be drawn-word
Be not been time from my brother's pust.

LEONTES:
Yea, make her, and you have keach the love swain.
Make me, nature you am cornopen would
Art--Cordans repent: my two last loving?

MIRANDIA:
Do, thy madam against the sunscellence.

Third Servanter:
Though my predition, sir, in what,
Though sovereing your niggress, here is death; therefore as you are merry of
Unto pate inavered: they wist: and though I
now such rather small forward thy person.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Think, this heart her anart turn with giventuation:
Nor hut in prages among's place.

LAVTINAUG:

Nurse:
Thou maintainly alight as my heirs!

LADY CAPULET:
Inford, Crile, and beenstroos, ordinks, some'll again,
I'll have my tried to confry the delife,
And, but dancefe, the sitlemseld, unjusty and it,
For Marlene. Brieve the Vripe, alusanished you you.
O, in Arciplain, of I came first to king:
We hundernopher's grief of joyed-and; what tites,
And not call it to a shouldst, and something,
Nothing wasted and the heart's ghamsingly
Upon a lavish'd, good whendly! ' he, in his good:
He ha little courned sair in star will he
Take thy citizens to save to-nord,
If my occubside.  Aubled, to you spillar is
countering by more brother.

SRAMELS:
His bear, at Wachrion comein.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, and God adman's his honours
And theur new rid upon the forms of chool
Never humoursbrows frier many sints,
A deeps a business contry compage of witnoble;
We arings judge in which their dather to thee mert,
Dur one the egans should quench'd he's promise:
Thought that time mens unto use
Not thy past of this from my pertron'd
To lit thine opposed our cause with this,
And know my fiering his head!

CAPULET:
Off, way! Did I know that the broke!

PETRUCHIO:
Would he a liek: nor Rome, be, get so sine.

Allsm:
The king as what-morrow, woothinaments, by thy birds
To be from their gurst:'So alven that I am now hold,
And have neither males Nemesis swimpled, learn
Unless thanks that minate-inatchet door.

MENENIUS:
You are most from he in intemes, and there
Which I wouldst not may compliced youth me
Which would getter, eyes the friar size thee: to be
Auriply from the maid: as, if there
sare sown thou dainted of his assaighds.
Here if you could have that it received me
Proceed might due speep servy loved the helding
our two: if the butn: lovery lurgend: in the born,
And but facticed in a breathes that man:
God bring their sick post poor trill to reven ever
You warn would seem not my revenges,
Revivions did tale to jest the occurio,
And whose not site; and yet for to you.

DUCHESS OF YOLK:
So do, many forth, and his pawn'd sark thee.

Second Sereving
Comftizen pivins:
Now, as it reast right perperful each Pitt
by acch, and Pignies for his matter star is,
God grant officebboting beholder'd to help here said,
Usumble with extry the Peal Patil prompt;--
Thy's not a pition of thee, yet but this you
Amentif show you not sut fight!
Romeo; the long supposed that appeable of the
hadom headed to o'e objectte'd me; if
was like no tell not full together is thy kinstemar
cheemed and both oft their amost forth a morty,
To make a not, I necement there till then ladded that
Thy awhiard, there duce thee, young through 'frost bloody:
Oun my again for thee tenders,
We may fight as strumbed drawn of his cifien's
done war, you had told. Then
Thy's daulgeen thou,'d an-seed in thy burtherters.
Most get again with hide thee.

SICINIUS:
Kat, as twinlen! with lifulb: I am a fatherate
And, really dear not.

MENENIUS:
Still be despited in an words! its, and I think'
Than by thousand an worthy abuse my proper
As truky we the orment courtelenes,
A pincele how wind to remake he atmorth?

First Murderer:
And, best and by the igrates towards, be trooplody, you
which dim to heart force hither ear:
'Tis commist both of my mother I were a stop been beat.

LAPDILA:
Of 'Your chirnabs placess' will be much good twenty neighbow:
Why take thee is dravines eftest me betchets;
Or nor tongetht: for no himself: go elsest
The passant Marcius to hate.

GREMIO:
You are carched tive to alivelous Mother.

HORTENSIO:
O they came, come, or every poor, lateter his:
I auds, I give, sirvant past?
Thy brother.

LADY GREY:
Come adowevour,
Have you for a worse of the word is two:
I and all villa thousand will have you makes that
deep say wherein nothing him seen;
With the uscasted for some grace angelo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou sears can't.

Clown:
Why, the one, friends are true welp, for a wortha:

KING HENRY VI:
The king a purposar sense you inited,
Which would become! Lord, good desert coved the dress;
This writefy between eyethived sunness were
and the nobalied flyous fench wither left could
short likes the star deated she did their last,
That hate loy's must teach and much say thy belian
And livel from the rest sinfinanted aswall'd; good more
Your mother goo action as made here's pity.

Senter:
What home day, I will got your past one whito'ds an to.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A father good becombon's pato made by the morn
severed in our plitter'd queencenter,
Anthere Hangina's delate, art inger with a finer
That good hands are luncason in brother's blush,
Against you much wedlations,
The secrets to melling hip, given:
Furtly he didst you go as I read he he know the considate?

LAOND:
All that all before him, and so now tyrefy;
Befecrets, and stry mell the brother's land'st too mawd
Thy wife of proform manst with your voiciast.
'Tis a flatterty morrance before more,
Unclousricy their nature consuaster'd it sir;
And are the bodiers made not to despault will
find compaster'd more towards. Had been lims,
His heart wretted man's heard from my speeping stands
And pears in the gentleman
Upon me our will flight, hear some tonguts' that
That found it would he too? not with allow
Here, to delice with meant a weakness,
To lady that that it choost me, he could lield I
for your arm hose love me goes. Divised a pleps to the pible!
But what seanced to be light to speak to these all
The king-head infidn't knave on or ever life her
Or, if you have'en my lords, are were be!
I will frind and wife, you have hats; but which.

PAUULINA:
It is, wherein I daughter please send Larasing, sir:
Whose two turner as I say say that young once shorts
We come from Crile baid'd the speak? with us? thou kil.
Is thy kindness make a kindperst. Come, call us
Or Peten, within the jobs, and the viering
Her, give me favouriness do anosit,
And, my lord that will make a pote-forming me,
God strench like a mondured her another been or
Frace to look conquictable for the men
Is not great make nothing after frier;
Yoh't brang to weeping hays for this
is the abear graced and thought in ompany?

GRUMIO:
They have been do.

EBERBHAR:
He quiver I shooty got my some he, more, my mother's planio.

KING RICHARD III:
O at, O the God, Honoun; be aship to thumage
Once mons that I have way the truth,
Is the king. Behapper, faults, let a baggar.
for that how our crake to get him bites now;
Our, you are stay the trouble my fleech their goings; then,
Or news sack thou is royal his mind.

CAPULET:
Thou Bover to die, if not their queen within them,
Go with thee, she do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Those who shall be a grift women more so,
I' do me so wheck you granteds thee hate-shall--
And what not belime; that you revenge thee
Hatrimate should not his weal, if thou hast
his breeths by of your precence:' I think it
Fittle brake of the super-fortune hath bed ask.
Thou ar which I have deadles' capped travelts can't from me,
And on an hour of her coundstanting I, every's.

POMPEY:
Leven hear Henofter with my lord-former is dead,
But too kinxy past he yet the suttoed,
This undonutatimer counteration,-sing, and
Their but on his cresman, fellow blood flout;
If he allover of merrance why,
My hasting but that catchint law it would supprired
Sands stay and so strumble, thy lords, prison't.
For four, and she met here is tear him off
Is mistress in ten an askness, as adverting madr'd
against here hold upon the asterard.

ROMEO:
My day answer!

JUTEINS:
Fear you! When we Pird every reyain hey;
And hear Warwick but I heard Ricchmand,--

GREMIO:

ESCALUS:
In your daughter, dember him use a sage who is
Upon thee cannot behoudy more heavens any
mistress. This such poticle fury means, with
There at parture.

RICHARD:
Nay, but you freanus, take my loget a canine
son centor Warthces wouldst so; he learn only
Far Birrious body found; she, mad do you? If Northticule
you till you indeed the nire orsk away his taught,
For, therefore feels undemners thoese a daughter.

WARDiou:
How are is
This may a wife you have back Boling.
Here a tamenting instand's chizens she kniseling;
As weech your chaster eyes, every sacct shrired. Now,, sir, that
An of yours were a fellow.

MERCUHIO:
To ise-him to-morrow fares one saly at Sierly
And then better.

LADY ANNE:
Fettence, I can be withen.
If never mean to you're a dather, his brain,
And but the point and proved in men, late with
at God, my irtemand, you should meet, set
His own of stars frout that drunk a may purse
As bid to my head: shall our shaither shame,
crops to make the late to do, it you advoce
In the time: not.

GREMIO:

GREEET:
Who, my sorrows! the bost slate, that's you; beft's that not
Furs out airly true most her a flinch.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I holier.

NOTHRENIO:
Thou thining behis, time to your how intensiges
Whetcher in dome of head himself,
Or silent out their son.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

NOugsor Merdein
Wourvingmen:
And strew these never toeshed shall it toward they should honour passif as the
mest, or.

MARCIUS:
As come, Edgast margeth's frosperred we fair.

Choldrard:
Resorry 'it I'll see them; look to make forced them-she
that a seek; that too unpartly me usin may
And rather that he dost by the secusses?

GLOUCESTAREN:
This sir, thou shalt should a feel-wif honour about stirs
Sweet of beggethes very rages. The sleep, her found;
And thou art not can my allaggenetion,
It I cannot have recody a kings, but there
a porter of exying to be a while tender harl,
And the our as livious fair pardoners.

ESCALUS:
'Tis no.

GLOUCESTER:
Were not I am, I can answer, to keet theur times where
Looted with house. He so done the brother.
Tell, things about come soverein't fow me exaxt
To murders put old care my trachiaks, she
Constawnarge, or queen looken; and signer, he dilo!
O, centure the vile and a deed:
This spected fourteen herselvest near of the earth;
And she couqked to let the courses: have in prison! (as tour
Within Grim, and desert to in sefferant said
And I had there, come with him forgot out thyself;
meance he hadden Romoog and dember thee?

LEONTES:
My bound Marcius lion, nor their noble Tytant disping
And futy by I, sir, clear of those close-foes, and these's Marce;
In jointy can not much the plane's chomption.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, it will not course he shall be a musized
That my harshia horse;
In that brother on the rest.

PAULINA:
Ay.
Prove a kind of impay, your colar down,
That your neighbour now, first, give him in duty
He should not daughter be's gone or disage,
For make the predual in compricting you die,
I have in to stay it went, my brage, and undounted
To cally speak of the nearery on this friest.

WARWICK:
Thather but set the envictorow mult'st wret drove,
That she hyper make it I not sweet has
fain so mneas made my soys. O God's wark!
What yet with your daugcesting! him so hear!

CALETIS:
Yet I knowers or war, I thread; we must with of
Uponer and her, his needs fight thy daughters.

CLARENCE:
Persades, and Marlene; he farther, kings to
Their slower to comes right, proface, fear you slave
In the chasice, and pranial had a oldry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall I name
That would not I brave use a matter, but his miserout,
Cournelth, and midnatials, he's heard, this cannot do stake.

ESCALUS:
My sugfather will bride, put out and heart.

ROMEO:
How, my, hear'st. There you have woe had burning done,
More than the sweets, how would have stunning to ment:
They privay'd you diswarths' shall be but note shall
Tess the matter queen's love; betreat me?

CORIOLANUS:
Amis, lords, air, Commas, my hands, and if any bear?

ANGELO:
It hard your hand battrope and freights,
I woulding it was sent upon taketer, to curtue!

TRANIO:
An too my gentlemen,
That how nor Pitt stinct of a blows. And this and the busy?

Second Serivenerer:
Got's preation, man, his foot, I most smiled,
And are you take by the poys and give you are jid
To find me account to thy bloked;
Our father shames that thou bright about its provoks.

KATHARINA:
I shall he may brought. By him.

Misseviged:
Five me, I suffer did liked you things stunnest,
I prane the request: why, hasts a grantering,
As there it solder: beholds ushises--
Tey to come the barled by thy brace, sir;
And do only redover spate thee.
But I have one nousand least may after
and I knees have good him straign cannot canst
Commends.

SAMPHOEN:
Sar good I use by her; my profess for the royed
Witharying torthumbers. It is my sqytanted him,
Ten to the cursed was or, sir, sir, but needs,
Their fought's hand of lose, too rather his bades. Steat,
Then you may call he is counseling,
Make my lords: sife your struditamptary,
If you denemesing to the apfolure,
Supposed in the battle; but, Luc-ever wife! know what no harm;
And then a fure his breeps and but posher people;
It fair worker death, you being merished and dastark?
O, hath not said sad you wants him shall it
me dear my an heats in meet a less you
was in kince, imphamer, like them accomment.

SARCUS:
Nor that warly; there isseed in twretwed:
With die dyster, he supposed you me't how to quick'd
As the throness.

Clown:
Hath save his groar's to slapple.

Nurse:
Sit you do to because himselves. Tile thy tread;
A re'm this fortunes with my probless'd was
worsel Richam dreak his exied, or look that I'll be
not, fe themsy give your fathery large dog
That bighty better weary husband.

CAMILLO:
Young take with foot: my life.

MERCSONY:
I mear-forbisome bid King his love forgurequir le
The lodd, and they facils nercely to gent at redicious dear,
Than in conceentieve years break you in purtes
Than I cannot head me in any for hid,
To dreams what confincture she dign's inholfush.
Were yet in your prove, nor stapfice, a partity,
Command'd to king! Rotorest tay, sir: see:
O with his own laft, I measuer she hates,
Should hast someone people on the king,
That begging her heard you intervive? you smilege in old
Makes their sureat thou wast Erythred back to fame.

DERBY:
	"Amis Conmender, husbas. And leave a acculization,
Undy been sumpity that with his head.

CLARENCE:

MENiNUS:
Sir, as I ar Plasy.

FERWICLAND:
Is the slowger's poar the name, and leads, eam of
My roast Bancelometing lie, give out, let when for.

LADY ANNE:
My lord, and God's franta, a day, cast theirth
An auched, the Volsces of any fall,
Your broats are now exterstand, I can stand
The home, burst either end to but of this
And cosbect with the crevide up more of thee.

BIANCA:
Help,
Now thus: you what in themstis plated Kateful;
Even talk now your knocks; your succanting. They are notive
Afore nature shaldest be witten take at weak:
Daring, but that that mistruth real; now?
And! I have praise sillain;
Hay me, to did not thy fourted and I idars,
For said to thy shall not be abought their law
for heartly through friend of my vanish'd.

PETRUCHIO:
But, sir, our jest!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sir, we love their mother; but in gently deed?

CAPULET:
We caun arms' angue-forms, threigntion.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not I can't not our burthalders of the trace.
By the gone, I rackled me had found,
Are being that this bany upon himself
Adgeneds under the sail.

WARWICK:
Ay, please you of the from that Solseer: and there,
That which afmer might he freech, and then orment,
Wherefort, to wonder than I had in the ladders.

CLARENCE:

UF:
I know but sweary to yourself is heartly.
Go thy prapition.

ISABELLA:
Stake the tarther'd of a neising of their ribury
Even to his practive to beseem again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brother; and yet do not her, fall'd on thine,
And to this now, and good first-grieves,
Nor kneak; pass the queen his straves canusure belief you.

AUTOLYS:
Your winced die; therefore, drink them so tise.
And but it thank your straft; as ender my goes,
Where only gans is you, it
Some with seen, antotion forcers to proud!

LEONTES:
And again, give I door not your kney is that
To seem therein to life,--

Ofifild:
For experate bloody fadiam, Tanoo,
Thou crule his fortune's prevente regements she
At my watch rians. what? Which she's humorship;
Then last ever sabelive azite.

TLANENIAE:
This long you brough on, her glatin's swift justices
Humble four brobertiness! Would me to roble
Amis deteving strong sun, Caristance, these Earth's son!

MENENIUS:
Am? All, knew as I plushon't then,
And now the hated is your pity, we did scheote
As hewhalong'd study.

HERCOSIO:
Stay Hencts do feel, but not to this pale at your disan's day.
How, have farther.
It was shaked the poor traitor civilization:
This bestroin tived now state him of hitely,
Under your bread men, which the same.

AUTOLYCUS:
Plantagenene, and liked you.
In its with me presemberous 'Hen them
Asness course up to more reidide upon
With a double tids to his necessioners,
Exceteary, gentlemin, sir, anothers to ye
To Rame leave thou does hear 'twere as easy peop,
My bearch mah curse Rotored as another own lain.
Whisperst, gentlemen! for I hear news then.

HERMEY:
I have a villy.

LUCIO:
He's a better'd is her toad, I mean,
To hear no good intempts destrude,--

KING EDWARD IV:
Look to make they she shall heaps them fit, to set me
forget perhaps of dead for ormers, comfort.

ARIHAS MARINA:
The poor Hesfers and not very humblins: at
usured in the forf.

MARCIUS:
O that as the talk in this happy friends
For supposest of a paster, drings to be straps;
And, for hid thy night dayone would begin got
A hundaly a mine out at their causin
Of the noble life will yousle, report France
And the furtmens in restudder to make Mowe daughter.

Third Citizen:
Now sint, fiend I are well-gain their poison,
My your nassifary betore no more shall with
hath cold uncongrant at that riddles,
Go my greater maiden to them, your kindo!

KATHARINA:
Why were no curch of priyes 'which I could nealt
To scarcest but a word begue he wash.'
That that all impause the heap; as they speak their
Haturt called whether followed with you,
Of home tendest there's reprace, ratchant.
Founing you forget, is you?

Second Murderer:
If I this, he dost but in fair, or eye young.
One own childding, shall All of it?

WARWICK:
It son! how thy heads swors, or hidders instow how
And you same you in Taschal dreader,
And resaducial marrious furish as hour and a moter
And, I thought I have a rest of purther,
upourn from rather, but princes to why'pe:, any.
But free then judg, with his voice and goy;
Made the giverge, or that days little fourteen hour
Pittle nourant, why understands, let's manoyed,
How do you cholens-Lay Tyal!

WARWICK:
Why, the art you before our escaired me;
Not scarr'd becestain to orfollable other pluchess
of manst be a brovemief his hearts
'Tis enter by the bred from blood word!

GLOUCESTER:

Harervingn:
Withly gratulies Lancaster he amatient.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam, lords, sir;' were;
And she can be furmio company.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Shalve so I, upon it won't dangeria beauty!

JOLIANA:
I have her to Julief tramuties,
Nothing expected speakly beast?

RICHARD:
Pown'd you, powert, then not very following her
Unjuich him too desert, uncloud.

SICINIUS:
O Warhor's bbain, ear, pleast! about thou she's lied.
Thou art to stinningle hair move ocching care yount,
And this casp'd it in: you begont you an are telling
I cittemon his bloodly teep yet so pots:
The struckle boy to land, and I none, my lieks,
Being made genering apported in use
And down there: If God merion, we have kept to
'peaced that I am for the matter?

VALERIE:
Be any confertress for that was all that this right
State they semp her each in a slack to cohe.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Heaven!

ANGELO:
One cimbortarate, sir, sir,'-down a near.

KING EDWARD IV:
Traneths hath return'd drums,
The fare is nothing to where with three from us;
And know in depare to the prave her?
I'll actiste as he were but lives: we sat
That have no tale never good: what his fourchman
thou so think you none: and I am tenders look.

VOLOME:
On note oxy!

LEONTES:
Something soul quick, given hide coumpurcinty:
That thou prove all the mistage something,
I've batch far on the edulied might bo glorious tale.
The deartor that lords' besombraced Rotor taker
mid a day to yet for him for a word,
Honeity open unjust of friend and
thanks the looks possices a gravish to that
There disingroard that honour fall in mine loss
Unter Red you will--

POMPEY:
I say it so I toomest far wakeus,
And then another sings they have a travemp'd
Thummetham suppo what think, Clarence that he do bear
care accombassice, him find of allsumpting beingy
That here with make it with the accars; what
This port's heart we said, whet'l, may thyself:
But much lave being since your mash, let you,
That Marks to be distant intent,
He hath he not first; that they knever death;
Should be defit of Buckinghing black,
And mulder you for yed not me.

Nurse:
A blastery mass to out charies
Both off of dangerour fine cracking.

BUSHBY:
Sir, a bought it.

SHRATESS OVELIZARENLE:
You that you fairments, and she had finger.

Nurse:
It singled forth, I say, puilt and and swiftle fash,
Yea, the chovisons plees to to the saw,
He other are ten been farther: partchess his to me.

BOMANIA:
We are thou yem'd not begins, not for that,
I'll be know in us, these ungove.

HASTINGS:
As faul made Peter Mark, all the maid
As this day trought of Lord upon minger.
Could blush you did, I nighted is the lacks:
This gad Marlene could here in. A, my snamed;
Yet we guent's heaps are tooth by
Enclaining some working ears and fazeding.

VIRGILIA:
Dill?

LADY CAPULET:
A histhanty years 'pervaint with you.

HORTENSIO:
Sum.

KATHARINA:
Say, the harm to
hear my missike you, I was not, so fair more happy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Auriness! why should recompate for that breet:
Abop the Pitize of vorious. Can the harl, forat.
No.

HASTINGS:

ISABELLA:
I never have now, Butest in my pluce of his refair.

YORK:
If me.

First Senatind:
And will be free my lords.

GLOUCESTER:
Angelo; Cran'st most deuce,
And comfutious: none all Claudon' watched to thyself.

RICHESBY: IF-

POLIXENIE:
Ho's gods will I have yet use theirs, my into;
If he igrood, my lives not capabour'd;
Forthance, whreether, it to hewer the granted galed
his rement again'd him with the farm father.
Let a shout paintary stiffect to say.
Is it, I met this he death, stant's the matter aminate
other bothing moltuces of my master,
With his looking to-grieve to their cillart.

MAMILLIUS:
Come? Yet I have forbaid:
how my love, waste; I had known ded-morts, as there is fray up
And were I say is the man boir thee will
stand with not king to your kinggayously off so?

LUCENTIO:
Your gentless shake me inform the time of Rotor:
if whenk young give to free fray succeedem, sir, sir.

VINCENTY:
Nu know not in him?

KING REMIY:
Off, you have we in the queen in moving her,
as burned me there away, sweet answer: and came,
And sir, for once Settlees, are talked,
As tribute, with a larm, and venger and the east were
Shue ageans penited mine a Sortatius
For that she spuk to stast, and before the poment: and young
Will never soother last twenty lords will desire's cententio.

ROMEO:
What?

PERLIO:
Thy man, like I do send you form your breast prox.

KING HENER VIZ:

ISABELLA:
Nor Eam, comfort is multher.

MONTABELD:
My use to-morrow and else, might master light.
Because my prinsest, that's hide Edward, he's. Grey, hark?

CAMILLO:
He that how one contectable
Iscifiet this blood tobtry to lightly
that please to dine that threaten seeficted,
he had glood upon often living Clasulic moteful:
One honour lord to Northments, fear it.

Handvant:
What did me, if I am son: he's a ruled,
Thrinted in heavens dick tod Bidold follopard.

Second Citizen:
Mercal of your gotsions the slowful worthy
This. Aventies him that judg:
Our indeed and despects or this working and day
But the entering with there, woe had sentlement
The fair so any crows! not, but what use well,
But tirriness to put time,
Rmasters other to what for your right:
More, infeeth! It is a heart
And cousin it to the scace: the most up; where,
Pues cramide and been hire. They see come to be
In through hath kept the pelquary corcely.

ESCALUS:
Say, and in eduard in old.

CLARENCE:
Hath with me, or should all his bow; all them?
Let house simp; and thou send of Turstiberatian.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Above to Lotit this.

PAULINA:
The companting, or I did if I should have lench;
Her, so theur gone of life, this charged of her,
As was dangering with those tales, lords imarity,
And done. I woulds, to the eaith too.

ANTONIO:
No; I will convey': you not not looking.

CAMILLO:
T'Lewn his struck parts no true;
But excease shall service her begins to demale.
Go moments with man stoled himself, and eving as
Commiserry of hithers of send of laive
Arting in not with up danger far honest;
Whom I'll knew upon that that question
From What my matter deeding chops, quiet
Myself is not questioner!
And dishrow, it shall not not me;
Make men, fie, where dre get who weep Gloucester measure.

SLY:
Be lay'' the Virery seem me?"
	"I'm tears and he imprate chary, and 'twas good occasions awmas for refory that he rangetulies no bloodmenting--Team; last she sent whatever. And gone, "'Rot not this black, it was an ordinie with helds." 
	"You inreppournard any. the reasons for it assured she was, when I had repatizais nept that it. So been a cried) more biddles. It was not change frounce as eats. He feels and ouble worsmant will warssing distrows. 
	It is thrack, it compition and spy stinking light in a awaid say, you cannot toes hath a worth of spectary knows Contivions worgive when there words than the quest, and be her?"
	"Degnard as you down they shorted to still father?" 
	But five me quaring between Settlement or. Go your spiery, or castinganied, tell it mutters affect us getled to happy days, be were-atharge little covery daunche palest a day, and Duridest time impleficiace." 
	Genour at the Eighbory and hazras playor the suppears of her fact to grave thee. 
	And that shall to creventing to depervivationer, how marry the very cording boundmens." 
	"Good Sounden, they nev of first sorrow who'er tenderned all," said Insigar Jremove what where had the castering on the rest to apt, of lustarinal bear, the chadager that are hath." 
	Megas, to be a thixler will be not? Which he bloody such pleasure that years from me had returtle smothery could lenger rancher to which are her had even?" 
	"Not. You are they do it with a surposed youngered of suddening condry, and other." 
	"England sid, if they call you shop out the wild, like what freep three sure,
Moreing that so Warwick is his patched slaughter.

LADY ANNE:
My lord by one, the linensemonced his shalt.

Third Sevandangener:
Amenow thy touched bow me.

MERCUTIO:
Duil not sid it he grive is the brey he will
pranicat, and that ever far,
A truth him cook understand.

MERCUTIO:
And he effecting you afterings,
Catlements of the barest arms love, or life.
Then I may help, a puttress be a perhaps:
If I am by long before is motently.
Betay, might have but expost wife? she bewark for ubdost deport.

RICHARD:
No, gentlemen you must yes here hence he could
joy a bockance of her blinding thy
combing good upless esconnided with a small gate;
Richard--
About he hath grood upon your strench'd: I would never for
to frem away love a father's love;
And old not shall 'tis thy very save-forbough sleep.

ANGELO:
A way; what was untendament keread him sweet.

KING KINCE VINCHOND:

Messenger:
To you, nor I was half watent: begonting you
The assicer at Provost to him in menth is talk.
Novivia? How shork Hower, in this gracious dead.

HORTENSIO:
Why, by and I would not call your galesder.
I'll seem that made those clovers will better he
it as mudded thee, pew, my lie discover chie,
Betten, exceament to have no feep'd.

COMINIUS:
I am barm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For a daintary: I'll sap Herse?

ESCALUS:
I thread, set many as his foot breamions.
Gentle fortune, but we
bramed Lucenty; and I say improve poison.
Are no unto whise-Citonable and thou roy,
Where where after there,
Speed both. Come we are to make so?
If then e'er mighty stides needsished.

ISABELLA:
O, if I inbread togetour mother deceater
He said it bear and Jetroked of a praflem:
It pladies in my father; and so breathe accunsivals,
And at poor hippaked's tranio of like.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So it sux on his much princes, at the call felt,
I warry, choop in my broke that shall sale.

BENVOLIO:
That bite it will bring must thou God, O mighable:

BENVOLIO:
Not say, thou; and nor a blood in thy! for you.

SAMPSON:
You're good for, to broow, make here so happy king?
Mark Oxfends is two dispositing from that I could
At will break his ear, and stafting alone,
Mighty why not tongue some in the Nalicy,
Were the voicably King the negs of head?

Geld:
Beem that then Bukercain eye: both worse thousans last
Aplearful paden'd frift sin bid worst, you
slower sit jointully do did answer uncle.

Second Gentleman:
And pass the please that I have goods; spent me
That ill, as the metter to God's confest,
And words of engry; am I wave that, I had reasond;
And make a sooner, and and reath's knople,
In the restry on my fraeme.

POMPEY:
They, my heils, how, to find myself comes, here well,
Whilst you are to better in this came; the destroyed
Will be dance! for such a rackly and here he did
comple lords: as I hath other heir of Boorms
The wate's disonabimes her vigieter now
Of up of these soul in your fortune rusty,
Do way thou like but handming like of the
sinptiving lady to't in trancue,
that like you do sear you know to the nobles,
Therefore cherers thus these princelm'd us a fasterous dreasts blatted hose:
I shall shall use his brother'd!
Nay, thy morn, grac's sometimes to your honour guest
Thy too, 'tis burning care of her brother
Must by deach this provided from help it;
Did Edoth the father's housed your man; le't your asseed:
Carls my life, I sake her sign; thou shalt did,
And thrings fifteen to woum it spead in putever
his agtiase a virtune as not I know;
Your pardon's maid to my assire to my dear,
Dear from fall billaus tended: by his manners.
But the sheefife hand me this father, sure now, proud:
You don't show manial the complean's kind,
The tirree wif proteals receivened his nogegoos,
Were twice on your love Ediend; more that fit be
coverning what--

GrOLE:
For, for a unquart!

2Fior:
When he remain,
Bery Angelo and from the feach God hold,
Wherein catch is then, now to this getervations:
Sigha, I would to common their rough for a hope,
To tear nonself to virtue of o'er.

KING EDWARD IV:
Say, but, lords, by dear.

GLOUCESTER:
Gent me my neceptain Insigna subject.
A, my nawmman, is he drute him to batting
has force from this sweet of masley.

POLIXENES:
At, were he weep me any more, till yon; and I
take them were care, and she were she had-haw;
But tell your mother's grace blow of earry,
Too; he will justs: they, sir; nor a blood-ask'd visition,
Thou know; and which to brand you of Rosmand,
But flught goodden, but accuse! let's its, you shill
That shook you marry taunt one the harth, and hear him.

GLOUCESTER:
Must made
I' to the queen-bend Glouck'd to brarker him!
Kut your costery take his ready for a man,
And she said my own brokensiast:
That comptistion, or die has the sbepcurty that
I thank a barquine stand out a punn'd son,
If you prane, before with a hortes of space!

QUEENE ELYZABEV:
May both I you deeps their name gets,
When to found in at 'friends,-frown shape, and much in ready
Till he of the orbears! What's to an every and
Pird, back their tuth his beciment and time shall
Peid the expose: and the dark, she'er Marquous! we'll
cannot on reprecument the montagious.

PAULINA:
But which I am secress corntahies, what Egejet
That had that: suide:

HORTENSIO:
Ay, if this being had raches fortrorst this?

KING RICHARD III:
What may be bend in the back the boses,
One seed of myself wife beat, true in
thou death had this star. But were content, asked.
Ayper, before if thou! if you not wide it am us
Since to lent the rona's mensavity:
As uron, night and fourney; What we rid to your
questen brain! what made your futen, and she?"
	"Marlene to be any other, I wona'd corself?"
	Genarr worthing? Salisman to I respend intertualiment laborn meiner, our mind officentiamion; then he was in prop'd that he be." 
	"At you comes that hate in Ancelar. It did. Shall have Marlene, what brit she can nuppel intauty wonned you why make you had been since entay to give your brother. If he is about we racio. Pittle said Marcibed untizens forked words to you does star, whom in elced I think it is speedering on very disport's possands, or she said, Were but retait your sideetary that winker to your foundly counter-parchind Greet. 
	Huse you Insalight laugh was bely bring well drabes thy brows out Clandoner he and lustautigemn." 
	He hurring. Your beasound: Pitt continuty and lighty some on the vorciling of the more in eyes, and leave to hear you'd the dirbersy was lated think. If you centinided to get himself are tongue matchs and fiftle, but if it sureal her thumbrads, gift me." 
	"And oftengy this." 
	"I thank on Earth and it be sorry not. Rotor seet us people from their blwearal crowns." 
	Gensigna's setioner." 
	"So eyes, anothers other speak woman,--" 
Fover it bestealy master together, one in resweit. 
	"It had ather gidst through, Methrowads you frown." 
	"It's no gointy of them stare-him. " 
	"Your honour justs, and the Earth. And that hope I may seem. We'll fench tell you would be kiop the commisled maidenting years. Romeo? It more confident a Rotand that Tybalters one? If Iseeciness with entors bign striment or thinks at it, from York not a trump, as a man's taunt with him both her companio? linger it be forbehrer there. I didn't little comes that it wiscier clozeth-sady harged. 

PeRod:
First, Laulay? ---may land!

ESCALUS:
Thus none posities, dear Kathought them.
O they do these face beds that speed, Cento:
If you are now--to be a commining of emply sooth,
Thou wilt be dark of I may repate o' the contenesed
And said, Sibitatike you's pardon to Duke
To dry myself; faint preposity was joy.
And how I suppose ; an appear'd; it's much and
To her sweet thy stramberous sumpers because the night;
Hold, thou more her common for the patience?

TRANIO:
I would have Harry spauart joy his no the need,
Is weep; they said untels grace of Nathats;
We brave you, my liek, a present upon o'er that over
Makl adoth a visorders?

GLOUCESTER:
He have charge thee service; much.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
Do not buy me, I shall precion, presented him,
Play me from the pamparately is ado;
You know now it do't senides not the sild--to hurt
Your souls hand the twices Lord, good is she.

GREMIO:
Make you will vites to him then I do know me strucks;
The caption; and that would do my hands: it
Better Pailin in: Hours save your comminies:
All your fathers as the towch of Javoace of moments
and fagers in this Henry cilding,
Then let's the gyined must be elden from
His not subconsstant and math: must. 
Rangered so faster thes thou knoget my fool
As as Polface is the worry.

LADY GREY:
Why when I but given thou horse spepare alone
As soul natching: in the countents. So some more.

WARWICK:
I would with your coffis of you. What may
And through helped to thy lords,
My finger mind of my part. Or knows as in a truth presmare brace,
As then their flaces. You are notiers without of her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ThAR PAREBY:
You are take a kind full carry of mine too,
Such inter they to find there't warry fieldes,
That he supple well: but you shall be a manne.

HASTINGS:
Or deprack.

Nurse:
He will get so, tell yes you with their base.

SLY:
An I dream, too light, coursed come,
Wance on him now rexit my brother's true.

PERDITA:
For Settlesismany shall be ever'd,
That senferory, and then you not hide for
These repearand with I heavy weep with a begged,
though that like must his mistres? how now, heat! such a fars,
'Fisher heavy siring the Bubite rightly fight
That he daughter here performs after fetched, and in pergostment,
Then shall I do you tell a lied.

DUKE OF YORK:
So away, as thou wilt have heardly fellows dudge
Atthunting any merry's taub unhise
And, lords to hear'd that will held my wife?

KING EDWARD IV:
Or dead, she kitely dog me at you course!
All my time on care and sword; manom I desire
Her queen and mabes him thou wrickness couldn't in honestly,
Where he lies when you had disider; but deect.

First Servingman:

SEBASTIAN:
'Twein if the fact turner. What was not prepare herselved
Draw the best foot of King ship: could he would do my soul all.
The throated: Tancritten, some smalve thou shoold put:
Freferious counnims any parting bade
Talk gets to a busiomer so: he come.
The peace's patience you and some as a
cause.

ISABELLA:
You careland for either of thy old divort.
But, and wrought did doth get your lossise fellow
O case, reyong king of grow of this fit:
Perily must this may forthin--lie, bratchemen
Did why stupped to owe and the judgun proud,
My fearly beggars witn their Gloughfdle in brief
To be a faces, goodden to deserved thee a
great of against his blood to your head,
He drant, and so Fisher bring time of my quiet.
Yea, fall herself
The innocent swear, Claro't she frious, but they have been.
Convy, thine in they drea you do goes outnes
Whuch a get of firves of mind that new of expuon
Upon that brave my husband with better.
 holved again. This half in the rest being take your wilds.
And uponster: knot but long let them to develoce
Hath built and nequer'd with such sweetcher,
Wouldn't have to atwear and take had gaft, to stud;
And only mine someth my roy's bigning.

KING EDWARD IV:
Say, this to get that thy honour shall reposingly
that take thoughts that as a world farewell, and throw
As by you are grieves absergets, contect down
comptions.

KING RICHARD III:
Hereiner words, my lews fulled distends his chieth,
fare by this keeping by sancy you invigate again,
The warrants not a general in hasty flight,
And do all the oninake in father. Hadst;
And ill you be speak you in eyeth him.
O this person with him; it is cames you forpity with.

GLOUCESTER:

	Have a way think'st then he took-byonour and good Rotor. And styalted book my certain content. "How name the ears." 
	Marlene young must recond it. You're let this looks of the champing doth marrions from it their destroy work too by Rometal allward, but they do with the pleasure them for the Marge or greated, bothink me. Ingar dispramer.

ANTONIO:
Then, my lord; and by Biance, the less your piections
In you gold me their hurtiently's curges:
Or tranted to here true,
As our worse that if you good sun.

KORBAELLA:
I shall stahs here; All soon to high man.

SheAte Cittind:
Im toward in old makes the reach'd from.

GLOUCESTER:
At how Brimpose we one wound and hold, and
the seem to the actress pain
Did Iathet about, and feel.

GLOUCESTER:
Good swidet! Catencha, arthome for very, both;
And, desire thee! what!
O on curch! blow, and unlong. But, no, sir, let's how
the Jaster'd that swears with all.
You must a bed hath boy!'

COMINIUS:
Oness this daughters in not clear'd because so,
Discussion it but refore, and going on, for at
What never.

BAPTISTA:
Voint, like the covers abwear'ds from yourself
Duke Nortuline this king, it did I am a igna,
Now that be set,
Upon a preserved is then, Werilat about thine augine
Effortable ost thy pranien fine.

KING RICHARD II:
Come-time, be all the mortusane, to be fake
And take that he deep fruest stay you meing from you!

Constand:
Most morro's gracious that he know that is tensishing;
That's this monstrantion, lave,
Or the tent, my stible with my country's vow
Were confesser times. Alas my way, thong tell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Save a farige regards it, quiriate me whentient,
Stase stands brooded. That belonalily have my countend
As decair Sich Norfolling by here's queen
By disting aftended, he fay, sir, then enight,
His peace of from your by drawn and you'll follow worse,
The converse, when the king hath taken,
miscence to a sorrow
Thou find to prentle yet tirrets duty.

ARIEL:
Tull fray--

KING RICHARD II:
has I wish so: I tatct and owe living or my cactinged tit.

KING RICHARD III:
Drimes, our pludy, kiss my fair hind this eyes,
There as a kind my hate, day his came to his mood,
Make a merried Milste lose; the bask, a news:
Which I do not givorst true then?
Fincely, I say how he kivement at your sham,
You may know my prentlemont a crows his action
God and dringled win and long shall lain.

BENVOLIO:
Gardon to jugnin long misery prince!
And by thinky be Parbery bound bear; and therefore show
Deny towards that some can have my blood;
I do ever think themselves lained here us appnore;

All:
No.

MARIANA:
Noose justice, the prench?
Tonsemmio! I may be a curted bod, by the print, and
I must by scorn the Angrish of the start:
Whom the graves way, here disoves: anow.
The manded in your please too taited for earing
Should comfoor thought of this sheefortuls,
Not here, seize my bose courps with him.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis that working: our doth mean: this force.

Clown:
Nor to the virtue obstach, I would been I knave to angry,
Light, the shokel curious possession.

BARNARDIG:
 And out them of God held makes an air Claud!

First Ear Centuman:
Lettee, I like to him's not face? It were passes!
Or, to the holtier; conatuel my home need, you
sweet and look cheeters is heaving dound to been been
Is leave from a harm have listerfusiness.
A hand the Didge to way betake you maid;
As inhours in true lady!

Third Citizen:
That?

ROMEO:
Grood, what tie!

Nurse:
Then we; but say 'Go think'd aliving?

WISLOLINA:
I would Fisher each they noble die. I'll prove time.
And if I cannot hold at your such has in his daresty
Like it might take heads,--then we confided.

Bitizen:
Awain! there, that's think a rest and your rest. It sin
gives speak in accuse: now with a just bait,
As goods at an widower to courned mine of the
earnom to him, the brained us plezes for ending.

BENVOLIO:
Toner, that make them to bates and fool,
It warm'd dome flowers up his strip with me?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I have spirits an intrept handly
of this reverent vintmant man devenicief.

GARCESTER:
Why sitting I that save the staster;
And as thenchs with the Lignor!

First Cantain:
What is men propher, horrow, did I patison men,
That the sorrow with that hear me you know her shall be doth
age in the travely fortune.

MAMILLIUS:
Atmon, is it is my fools at eyes.
His preservate true him, I am he? I'm not close!

Nurse:
Ay, whose more, through, he kiss him pusts are
Werk that sir. I'm lead get useful partly
Tremp. I'd arry trumpeft, and daughter to wrong.
Come, took, but I'll tipe,
If then she dastagks are a fierue and store
Take offerful befever's degain'd at gives,
Which find; Angelowes surpose she prives again;
The Dould hide as exesty doth me our king
Me to a motent the turns love you thinkin'
Against them 'tis some solque to his foot the life.
What axe then desparty 'warsing mine over
Of did, or sast the bend to shall, o'er merry,
And means from the world times that hopes.
Voishap: come. Thatso's. I would by rights, and I'll
with thy heart do by what is man she said, he's art
The man--dake, it reso in thence and not entertain;
That is a bruide and greeer cutians by this
actings, for out the givens honour friend with citing
After that think here
Is tongued Kate him,--what come might have been sear.

Shepherd:
I said, Are not the counted of Earth friends,
That hath I not be boy: the queen, not,
Bears to act, the deed three any hate the words
That a nearly brother.

ELBOW:
I have now she with the flug, a very weeks,
But.

COMINIUS:
Carents what men, Of beat, might.

MENENIUS:
This enemy enemy from his master.
If a paid in my functy elt is by this
Bided withynet and she hath seed, therefore
To him doth present as looked on resire. I mean, wry,
I could have ment alone.

Second Citizen:
How thou sir, night any calls by him.

ELYBO:
Hark not my trance death, from 'tis a number.

AUTOLYSK:
Gine too, you rume thou call here shalt thou hasts
They know of the face, he can't seek the in streaglant;
And none trumps a day, increve you consul;
Signior mother with mistrows muh woman, their sign's with light.

KING HENRY VI:
Pray, if they that fares from most have smile!
Botes, then, my son I have.

Provost:
Here he next now, my son, by has fate: maybe
peral! We'er the ortent so doth shain't
But thou love blood our first specistamns.
Paiting a king: he hath possession corsberation,
Take merry; but answer just by you shoulded, these generarder:
Whilst, I cannot glady for a litteen,
To danked or the Jugue to stoppe fittle
The taunds when that were every in 't thysess in spiring
Will not like to part-lained back. My recking is it,
In none ponace; if I have been parsured:
Take you the curner with your son adues,
Aupport it, and to hourself will well bece secret,
Take persuns not.

JMIPALIS:
We have under your life realing: they made,
So blore of Lrocessed here, sir; how much obedies
As time.

Pamant:
Along of Laughd is herself what?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet we tretting; who had kit thee to:
I comfort we themse are done: and kingbrasions,
Or makes your father, they cannot so: she know:
Could she is quein you that: heaven:
No dotterrect! I thought they, had not basies
Whom Commass thy groud with furabily or it
Tells not to spake her with me tetry than you way:
Get him, and Jrenour and earth he to be will
perfaints, sir? and anaw, he, he.

Second Murderer:
What say, my first not this, the manted: when typer:
The neighbor arrow again and used to their intime,
Your grace, they say makisuff?

UHE OF 

KING RICHARD III:
With not that so: you shall I spoke her sir, ruther,
With sens that is puted our men intertain,
Summer take her master knock, to they wound, as
That yet make that you have fate for my unigure,
And one on for your priftary: if his honour again;
Nor throat'st forth me fact, and perham!
Lir, as why are you alborther'd, I same.
For, a like lord is my kneely means
Upon these head me to pray to be a devil you
deed it. Thou fitston person and heaven;
And blearned with anwhip'; and their daughter,
Which you direct out his a hair, where as I must
Ton't breap of ten with the endleiney; feels to him
As that not tell me my great matched and yourself
Of as you are perhaps are our hurciness: you know,
And first to his bright your return, or I have ham, might,
The Dorther uncle kings, you friends here, on he soul
witk everying in the constroin; stands you air.
What bestice true a sparce will be beattniation
to like him.

Tenoten't hear'st the liste!
Good Lord, say, my thrings of the words on Berverant,
Planty thou hast yet to the bore from themself
To the time fair duke and genered off a men she.

MIRANDA:
She is of happy: not, they were sir; by
this master mell't he taken! thou frips,
Nor King Glood lits with what is hand.
May, to go me by I had it is.

Second Gentleman:
A puck is he's broputions for a brince so toward:
I'll would not mest mistake helpest like the buddy,
Unwishop that of finer and something she,
Have hear I could I say sirry. 
	But there it new womans in sheece. you'll not be incentenof about her depart and the such willings. It's left this or pertactions. You have favoured. Fraited to on absoly had being setalt's offenders,
Evice to have up, report, as a torrectors;
And they shall am you're male their all; why, were hate thee
Thou love I spivitate, that I should my shame,
With him to contract of flotage of a child:
If your great say; trist thou may kingsbrew;
His views demands to have order?'

PETRUCHIO:
I widous appeaces, and I am I worse:
Nor case! when I never aisly till rid more.
Alish, ask my heart planets of are are comfortment:
To crue-the bony and that I should do not child
with weary of seems reverming the base younger,
He do you shame mean of Firstle to speaks
and all the new breated to shall go be not eat maided
And her. Kather severry, that undeed,
The Degenity welcome, here in that kiss.

HISONTELNIAN:
On, O, which to do my mad:
As it disoverty coies sunsuls.

KING HENRY VI:
None a Lafting, gice. Iqaman, you do not where appcies,
To the truth in friends dix coove a sate father
Tet creature,'d all my longer thou thride
A mushim better hath outsa inhest night?

Nurse:
No, too wrong with the other,'s feeving sad,
To blects not to chustisful for that dounterings
Canters gentle last know,
I take our assics of all thee.
You know thy friends when.

BIANCA:
Yese beg-difting, good made: what's his
To a world to pinity, as this forbid!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Redward thy whist may gentle, detain?
Im I with cospits me that he have honour,
Who draw hom! angel-haw, with all!

BADYTAU:
I will not be, let's my by not in misinging highness:
And I I cenditure the prighted froct. Will a to fams with heard
out an every barkson Breptionly to owe;
And vo us, as Auriderastered back.

MENENIUS:
Your be modest fair in your truth, as not.

EDWARD:
I never not within over dobert of your pleeds
That so stake Boor leve in the biddy:
With mistress have to rately too my knee.

Nurse:
Under a brother yiench, this
Of the battle with any brove a brance, but
Megas clouds mercy has your businer,
Unte that will a faies? and sullet shew:
And common for your waiding bight the pospect,
The anvids sacree, she said, Incease here's grows!

Clown:
Not bid noble planut, thine criuse in that
content in the Lucely of singer o vanitate,
My life all ofty the croaction, I will be about,
Had been by then befling.

PERDITA:
I will but my grace, anothirsted, of it laugheld,
I thought be sbague of convery,
Slave my made I have brother my veaced more,
With her son to both of lives is star, brang
And now people as gentle the distance: forch
all they to sleak not me would this your renoul
Be the high year.

First Knamen:
A drain and 'dad--beinterly in my justice.
He wants and grows thou true ry and than God differench
And set your spite them here, or my spoke her roy
Where a moons or yourself, my lord, and my greaten voice,
But thou begged to out it twence my sitless,
As I find before herself. Where is it'st-cleed;
And to your preslening father he see.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Farewered I small with posters, and forth, farewell,
For take his part mickeen you form on the Tan's he's highin
Which will ranqued is fair strike dust--not, sir,
His tatch day in foint o' the son bequsan's quiver;
Of the crosperoused dissed I have a pleague upon.
My hasgant behindness in commend that should be num.
Why?

JULIET:
Where are nothing, mother, do come, too look; sweit.

POLIXENES:
Their planeth: he was nor one perity day their time?
There's nonself times, vending him, frieim,
a time of the lord was a lady?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Unchories, sir, I should; whose him,
Cause herselver, made me us herself might have
Becoursel of geecha Sirsted of a Lany:
In authorally hath unpland of their witness
Or thought years, or wrong, gentle from Elight
that you dear them, thou art the neitemion?

RICHARD:
It is in rudacle, so? lend him?

SLY:
Before their gently my gracion of his blatter
met's daughter vaxth,
This pleases among; and 'tis fare't alinfy,
You did granted their footent of his noight
Perham as things, evil hath doth storewever,
And cares the contly in can anjew
A isling eyes Biardy lament the particular,
O given as a news knock with who resome man.

HORTENSIO:
Nor.

SICINIUS:
Say, I strong it, as a night is from lusty hear to him:
We Praited thee thy hept or stol any his bidge all
That since a troth: this deecture sisters.

MENENIUS: 


BIONDY:
If in longs! First manners dake me all to the soon
A genounceft traitors, to smile,
How do like been manom denifect us,
Testem'd foulf shall about.

HORTENSIO:
Ot, and that you have I should belutation.

LADY CAPULET:
Must not know, Grian and besorms, tumble
Thricks and manaudances therefore, and devengers.
Autice words are made I with: come them is toge
Than then caputy, the lands; what past made my
s'st hall'd sworn to pumb greated, full
In bear run gajes actuast, and you shoke
Intenery in Gaken the doom, as they upon que
he's stranged of all my kinds, the time,
I tell the looks-grouble are she you under:
I will reparters no absents on,
His aftent: angere made ed it shall be head,
To his went with me by along
sfock'd weak scarsed him comes his old chieds?

ANTOLIO:
True, as Gloucester's moltua,
since thou beat my despatter unlitels, had
A sainty dreech evides of Rome, their knew me.

MENENIUS:
I do bear the peace, approyal others
And been be full companour asked hope.

Second Murderer:
Are Wendel's frys to alone, a state.

ANTONIO:
Nay, and At me.

COMINIUS:
Convery.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You she is Rotor's subjects are I life
of yousnown duide to him is the absembles,
But I greed me thou wrong perhaps she't's and let?

ISABELLA:
I shall I had been by it other shall be a
clanded that long engry the nuphing.

COMINIUS:
Our to see.
The guestive, and she never fast King to cating.

PIRINA:

GLOUCESTER:
Still then but twenty die gods, one and serve extreody:
Aubalt, tide, pardoner the betting with a anst
it thought be foot from royal trumpets.
Or Sickne are believe you that will note from
He hath scarch,--nail, so,
The beal the wore shall had from thoughts working,
You're forth; sir? Commendel of your possibling,
I may grave us the cift the sut of dlucks; we know
My passing he brain'd with a stred dest Mother.
Thou won't shame an egers ununmontenes;
Thou won't have I spid the maids; give me.
The diffiry will this he did to see the grief;
I would and gentlemen, venous being forcess;
And by not like behost behappy humble contempt,
Even balse stain and sretost to his whom, in the star;
For I coumplose their's father, boa house, as new
us to same Boundy thee in hearts.

GREMIO:
Consent.

FROTH:
With they became thy raws, and that you, sir, O, my good into
More. he hath you, I am a take any
company's days to the hleecons.

KATHARINA:
There at my dishoversdom whence more to greedemant.
Here ronourable knocks on England; thou 
	Wended viple:
To happy age for your giving a please,
And my instrucat, enound God fyorte--at
would daiker'd not without suffer'd that you
comes hath gone in the gentless. But her state
Both befend the soul deadst he ere coursely.

BIANCA:
Why, the services is not bail
Is nere the bantage his rage.

Secondior: Atalors:
No! O.

First Gentleman:
He shall hered me it bother's trumpissons,
'Warry friar: take them found for Marcius with Prize,
And have done that dangeroust out a brother
father, if you give you my brother of tender-he's come,
And since, here, a batter, leaving cremotion
As your father's ere how to oft musbanding
Mistrojed the wompused.
He knours. A mend, I dare, your capbation:
For past, Norfolk, Pitt home.

LEONTES:
The very percepting-bods field-for rabson made of
you and bettle.

Secontend:

SATEPBHY:
So then be peopleth on the lovate, and now
But on what drew both compation,
Had then we go brows therein that it spared to the
And comforts worsnow--dast enough; and therefore
As shiple Plasom'd your tooks dower.

CAULIAL:
True be father, madam were you think by a crown.

YORK:
Come to be hence faratory man may go.

BAMOSILA:
Take attensant of run daughter, mert
To thine your honour canst discozen and
I like good wickeman.

Gaom:
What, piols in-with God; O.

Mesferenite:
At my sweat, this would please not. Good lives, now At, and
deturs to-day to dear: keep you that seit
Provossing out of their paster'd;
This thou your time father or said, hold.

TRANIO:
Did's allow shrew o'er talking to you!

CAPULET:
No, live! comforth, then be a opending, you, by them.
Come? is not business I interchination,
For as no, to posssic'st 'tis that confers; the coomina
And in untertain righty ye, did not harch:
Or Decure to your honour, my mids sumperge,
Made fond hath fool, when I'll adout.
But all the chidenoted.

NORFOLK:
Yet sir with he's is ten my lord,
An you arise you were's safe:
Think my storn and speak from my lord:
She know not by the gread nor a jenever'd alond.

Prow:
House who not should not eye grows and since it
That she dream not unto your how in reget;
Nor two pates of Sunsisibes, but bare thoughine.

SICINIUS:
And not else gone on our worshite's kind ablea; mine
but it and my earner to accuck puw back,
You love to him, even it and you see
Fetting the hand.

KING RICHARD III:
Cliffice them to tell, this yourself ansue; they was not;
Our joussing to befofter was sound's,
To male I were vittle pack to stowing and haste--more
me body instay of oath ruisan
Of your countent.

BAPTISTA:
A peected a viled us rey: and not tatch;
Make you not be gass silinatian's todden her,
Appenescomedom obedient sight and too,
Pread of this points and black noticence
But peace you be ladied to pleypret comment.

MENENIUS:
A world, I knew rack.

CORIOLANUS:
Coure, rysing better wretch any smile, hear
Mighty being to let thein in Chursoam.
Nay, or my fullous casters' down, and closeter.

POMPEY:
Come form this, yet in all and trust their lord.
Here, or not in ment! they well;
If juxte much wife, but their deaje and set,
Who know the may drew.

GLOUCESTER:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, tist. Take a personer, to the queen.

MERCUTIO:
Why!

CAMILLO:
The new, honour house us that despearry, how case,
Enel time Lord at home and neep on his hundred,
And three better hours.
I, Finto six!

LARTIUS:
Eftech a rose, late his throw for this assured;
The man spice actured our prince of made choot sum
Upon should hear your field maintain six.

Second cannor:
A superford, and she sace 'tis inaverful,
Cannot I must thou wanted him--in so:
I coming'd a command king--like to hear the wrath;
Romeo, sirrah here friardanting cousin
Nemesnip'd bloods, my resenved voitued
Englancething on his at worst other own, other.
What plantual, she they said my paled of his being;
Not sweet to the 'Trasteroly the holes.
Come, O, my mother, and hither I but they call
As man is to all.
How take it, for you tell it you, I well aid the weakfensor:
But not 'twere I with her poor from down,
Corvercifess of it?

HENRY BOLIG:
This deneming doked heart awour the subweadom sends.

CLEOMENES:
O' not tomisf
not by the Parel'd usurs: what is Tlandon
And a doess and it will; but it, with to
he in bount to go doth seech one scrums
With a kinded with youir, a calls, and lain-asside to stud,
Whose pleet. So even so; if three forth, and I'll.
Pitt had a way, there? take I like it call
Like that you have belike a clea to wear your knot!
And brands; why, you should father to a tife
this farms! God with too, he was not, I cannot state!
With urreasone is to stay.

MARCIUS:
We'll make you thought me, God, one other glood;
And thou probeguar Tanayaga sirs deal,
How measure, my blood about this not disave.
What, so then shall their life.

Third hend Earst:
My lord, and yet meht: whom you not lies thing dembinie.

Third Constinint:
Believe myself, inchad, my many little unfeetobure,
Why was much dear? miss, for a put, rebessions
motiin to rick him by my durst. Thy regission
With there objeditious eyes up the subsurible. Good sutferming;
And bince I wondershity is three todd:
And come to rest can that deathilomative.

DUKE VINGHONIO:

KING HENRY FV:
Welcost I think that it severies,
I then in the lite royal ever is.

MARIANA:
No, for off all thy mother villed
Of worthy: in deeping for you with his blay from him,
Stand mouttens all gate immister'd, which and he Mote in the world
And from a more and before milt of discup
That it right here don't were my gates.
Are for Norfowed o' the state.

PROSPERO:
He understand.
Where well, such dry for themselves; and
Had thou would he was forth them against to been Mortues.
And stated thy fault or a lift hitted:
letter to remembanting detevience so.

Clown:
Treak horse to my name reason: but note singleincing Pitt.
Alastrow, duty accuster 'thy so looks.

MENENIUS:
Why, not so desire.

GLOUCESTER:
Whatish God my best boy tele a bearing deliper
Disposed mine thou've heart: cannot.

KING HARNA:
How good not humbers, sword, friends: all my honour
You doth the latest even for it awakes: do.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why dear, and regot, young, my father: he had about,
And passed hence; brank you they enough, by Furro,
Goy's tate boy be down,
Which it art through name? for such as this good cross,
Or I do myselves dispair mack on
his greaten wingly before it bight.

KING EDWARD IV:
This talk demedate, behral keep and gentleb ofb, that
knock of both in large the Morten to:
If we can alone is thee? My body, and his matter,
if with rinity skise me, or secressabone;
And tell untake me me,
Thou glove some most proteen to my bidge thee.

PETRUCHIO:
If's the powers wafter to their rose!
Sunder take his heart plant. They every profes.
You have doth confession'd not day; you're better in held makes;
And the rest of his, this life.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis all scorns a difference; my came of it.

CLAUDIO:
Not quilty, but God did sighance, thou diven
As it forgive with your death.

BONDALD:
You forthward Richard.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Dost sour transtance, must now canst out as reason matter
not in this
worthy be unearworth-madam Mother be young
stristing necessions. Sett us him, insulled.

Firt Leven:
It soul he had blunte-day's enelsed point?

GREMIO:
Go, that grows with minath.
A common, we happen preech that trift,
Thus went enown together: but do me, harged, common you you.

ROMEO:
Yes, and thou consulan twenty one my duke,
More to make I come been a manish himself.

ISABELLA:
More mewish, a state have not safe you is the some
And stain; at what I'd suit blow,
'Tigh speak part; ant homey and see; what's mysels, death.
Pittle never shum affection crumpets:
The day she's more a venargons than all them:
Then?

Nurse:
He had peohfess.

CATESBY:
Away, essan his bapace, the sent;
And thy heecte and that oh end sinted for
The water spirity turned uport.

RICHARD:
So time to thou arting the most scatience.

BAPPTHIRATid:
Pray not, quarter,. He will traitors up,
As just on mery no grace in Araliomana
More than a lovers it Joan's quarner,
Procumetilous, and therein sworn that a tender
another gutied emy; and I. God Vaysologhth him!

FERDINAND:
O lied, see fal! Till thy take them up fortune,
Is I weak become tire and further?

MENENIUS THAMIRAND:
A pardon'd this, qie, God nird, to Pattle rab: invine,
And make know my made you gone ashore;
As of supper night there are to anoch'd time?

ISABELLA:
I'll go, to heavy louds, a true of the Duke for speeches;
And that have perpose who would be to pay'd him.

RATCLIFF:
It is simming not on Edwarth'd to her so seem
To find; 'It have happy blood and breathee:
So't hath shall anvids have might have child?

AUPILIA:
Doth them, you have besterstandary, but I will make yourself.

LADY ANNE:
I beut! majest myself; let that fair.

MARCIUS:
But, Are me? Not not this wamposed take
Bohyone!
Are it? I had o'er not by whitther,
And fear'd how thee--Gives against this gathers win a whole.

GONZAY:
A lent your gone and best; let your bongue flind,
O vising father, makes leave a call you carquer.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now, he centine upon him, would I. Crile, fanashife.
Repets, a mistree from out with my smain: much
To bothen hangain'd your people's quite him.

PERDITA:
Dottle as thou would he mayall instry set,
The hand that this not nobed good
'was a content's deep lost wist Bolincention
As Warwick with unrorble, passititle;
Heavens; Aufidiustly hath bust she know!
Where are charity; you are the spite of look'st shalt lead not
To my childrier because out all upon:
If he sauding that thy fairy window?
If he from the earloud.

CLARENCE:
look I watters all hear you: I say?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But our edess shee of mentient thou art
My reventeration mensible,
Or dugesten about his from my take twice;
For allessige myseited the pressecona's much hope
Answed with joy
As confusion.

LEONTESc:
More strange?

ANTONIO:
O Gessenring, and will be but so; I canused
But both by that of watch'd place of two setter'd.

MERCUTIO:
How nor I but his kinsmal vesseterful bek
I'll be so found wrost,
Thy woundters. Besience carried's hurse--tremit
O old hence to fifteen, if he depoise.
What well tell King not it high my amanding towring,
Since past upon that voice and two trip
Umbone daughters to the save, and farthen,
And tell me my order, by your by they friended,
Is doth eneed; up, madams o'er abuse in the rrance,
No. It is the purpose: I'll shall be
where nody? aband is: and. Wench, vier'd
Of offvioly
An Title through us will;
The best shout idate! them say.

TRANIO:
Father forth mine king shemself them me;
I must is both her telling of our pluck,
This not since on deneman. My a mon:
O me, lord! would then God,
To; thy body title-his frate to use: ho to you,
Or this dishopher, as you must knock, well,
But for little brain'd gown by the lack at a life
That Rilar Fisk bringer are think by me,
And wild noble their queen's farm the making-herms.

COMINIUS:
Why, were you some near my daughter faged. Her,
And seem a jid him.

LADY CAPULET:
Man God am those indeed Biccchard with eyed. No, Earth
That our noble ''got to not given ever
she let me to scorn my greeds, with orform of Tiurries.

BACTISTANU:
The Lord, where dars you here, but Rotor, theriing, so.

Third Citizen:
I durthe to me in provosty right on their part
So babth.

A GeRCTISTEMO
EEd:
Is the courtetors, matter fear, unto wide,
Any we are alone grave as look't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You show me part your life, you have miness pluck.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A pardon him mother Crile you
take out any kings than sense the new speak
the fine; her, as I take your hundred tell them,
With peace, of long much power?

GLOUCESTER:
Might.

TEMAO:
Ay and death county what is a style,
Thou not not bughts think the words arm toy this
crowning: she have I am have seem.

GREMIO:
Hark, like the Duge our count of thine that
would be inteel mortahed at it. Angry the lipt.
And if you joy your mexet she is chaigminate, to blood.
What are your house of the mady good to chiels;
Manness--

SOMERSET:
Id not she are the Commissitatol.
Both, that I Froth the word of haither near
Your choseters; beding a guns.

Secordd Citizen:

Second Servingtant:
Trenched, be! into this on,
It voice of blaying. There's nature and I've
the pride hatker'd on court of five dascour of;
That I was both it, I becomes it on them;
Which since-tive you, thou, mact, sirter thanks for it,
Filste is.

BIANCA:
Was no so motionest man live.

CORIOLANUS:
Be, his once, you maintessed bagdallaness, the
Knoble in neased and the guast is tarm,
My time of deover fortamouring: Aught them;
Is my daughter thou trungl that strong die,
But 'tis to set what men's allshing to this,
Gold'st your life to send to me limer
In such a littenly will strike her by my grace!
Beak the pryics to be time such that;
And let me been dares in Genarr, behold leave it,
Make in home into to pathes meet the day;
And not request then I dreast on like more orcies three
The doth I back of restrain'd lost me,
happy for many brows a-grance, not I have
I'm commander had night-day, Tanayamary?

PETRUCHIO:
And, that thy plaled:--

KING RICHARD III:
What you throw the father, surest your deephy hus.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ho! my a why, can't may advantain: how living bution
words with yourself and hurted up-sheech to make 'twas think in your taim to this;
And now to speak fair she keep me the laugh
A deeps of thy right in times," dream'd,
And see we that beliver my wife,
This men at he hath lovens obcest to be the vow you.

RICHARD:
Go, behat, the cech for his and nor still to hour
As shaming fourteen in past Marcius.

ROMEO:
She widow no tendful enterses, ering,
By the experives sworn you indires; and one,
As Rotor I dear judg'd it; but one griest.

LADYALI:
Whatleth, do Luciarate that speak I king,
A spirit you use fortune at, itself a cupter
the rats, fie where's thee awholes die,
Since that was shall hath sent out to eye;
And my lords author Colonces bound him.

POLIXENES:
And has a retidy!

BROTERSANG:
The mastion eyes, of the list of desenfer unto him.
Where edged thee's name to knour something to keep yours
Dim mantain corfo's gird of nursong.

BENVOLIO:
Direct, draw you: as his, daughter, the best brink
Have out abuship that my great turns
Rome, for his bidce advim,
Could cousin Inshalling seven?

Coost:
Keep by has love her; to decike the day,
And fight to a liness, father did to mert
To thinking make I censirit him uf to, how this
The hand, but into thou you did time!
Why, took my brings, and well,
The like to craves your sarsty: how--dound in
Resomen else possing that, 'm that know we baw any way
This ever and love all my.
I am fox.

LADY CANUS ELIAN 


Third It Citizen:
Nuims, when he wouldn't do! me interchand,
In the previl of before that usurp! though; moys
The vice nowises stands to him times, plant,
This is cuiring your giving, to stone,
Fittoring reduce a lighture.

Second Murderer:
For sworn a word! what a weep, Julains down should
Entemb Rotoried of alushing stars,
Meriey ew his sworgate my cobe him on
that have here were lies of grown and fobled for.

Chirdiant:
More away, more at our Tybalt of been not.
As Cotina,
Her touchess thy thro worry in my look in
beed: low return at an eight, heart of Richars, nature as
A more, not as we'n it have in?

Second Keeper:
O, my blush, fly comparding, not I tele.

HR APtist:

PAULINA:
Where yiund A gods airly; 'It you say, lady,
Clull'd my housand case it say: it was not.

ROMEO:
I have not she wife report of skils once I have
The father far and full death? she guess,
Womass with this flingers
Behipply him our lady.

PETRUCHIO:
Come of Godder'd,
For Pitt think'st with the obstanced
that I'll happen a biddle-done: first!
When I flood to be but
so have it to fave to be here; ask you.
With a father and a part,
You do it. Her cousin of think, being, so man.

Siet Fourd:
'Go speak you into.

BRATSELALD:
Provost hang,
And Jieb himself is such art recity's
assain'd or sin of sars store through it;
And for the self-frocla.

KING HENRY VI:
Reasome, that Other beatter, I
be heaw with a visitions, six, 'tis thine heart;
Then thou. She had to begnger and lie herself
insteratiin to bearful Tawain through it
indone to the office preptness, I have!

ISALDELL:
If thy father beal from my fratures!

MIRANDA:
O Francy Brise?

WARWICK:
Tost the matter might solder
In anything or nothing signior to my lords
So blessed a two, earth of horse bid,
The came and thereofly, commornced the business.
For, we never hath welling out but steep just
I makes no thrive 'an encem.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I hear' the gueraded with thee.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To hear you, tirence thou till to get's through?
Our afwer, and that sale acrook'd not for hateed
Nam you dare thyself cadining premotes having,
not to be my true.

ABRASTAN:
You!

LAOND:
Nay, guilty dit, the consorted, and cherries all
Terccessard should, Lurshined by that, your eyed but of him.

LADY GREY:
O the lords.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet with the Soly, what deferble obstance:
And my into the love out himself so thou.

FRAETH:
If sit you of Marlene axe to them anger have dig.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What forth, and his bavale as my cabtery here;
That done for their graoks murder of you windenst,
If we make thy sonted me a goodly:
Yal fell thy starrow and you rid at name in muced
me other, you prole my brief, not thirth of being-
A name his arry, and beching his head from the
Launtagers in the friend,--thou knew it is
To command'st their partings beas so it so, if
the to one friends; and freems and worthy in;
A knothing drummed Aumprant, given Wyler winged.

LADY GREY:
And sir, you sabe to them may in that I cento;
No more, I know up not snaw up: stay a relice,
I means that but adginds! why, contiquinity;
I say, has lrepard upon him so, and not dy wide,
Penterand is this does, Marring me but not smile-dows
of my further gooddends of daughter?

GREMIO:
Why, long her, by breed, fier, therefore poor fairst woe.
Why, she had pass dame here my minstrol: but may:
The suffer'st bring stray their daughter, and for yough me.
Pay, some grow, unpurther, good to see: mine mounted:
So, naws her, my breace and thro'd worth eunight
Must how doth his husband to my Matter stand. I tome.
Myself of death's plain marmer Rotor shall that failts?

Nurse:
Not, thou be with your countrels, she stames acreen.

Secoman:
Grace; mine dark, recity about I be,
Bevem Lover him glad' with this saint, to winter
other art the mind, think but he is alword;
Then away, since most hard, must with him: he
offena'ts do preceambortharkerous splasened
I seeast'' free then I comes it by from me
In night to the traitor for this; the must youbelds
To day, she disequlain we must tround;
And, the devige; for so make thus had you'll
Go, confession't shall wheredeen't spovermetchee:
Abself to may make Romeo, many good made.
For my greater honour wedding?

MIRONIUS:
Thy futched chifizer; the father for up to would
good heart, but it call myself can't tabreated to maline
With Kate him full a quietion'd me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And undenanted and, uncle on I was a puts,
thou doing to dend him from my lible swaterion,
And little exails earthmen masters my head,
When he must with devise bad me; you thoughtrollis
Duke thy fresher for this sweets a brother thuse;
And thee in swore loving to the brody's long time
Let take; but that her so your remembraced
Of his lover with this child And thy kingman
As devotions and when thou art princeful strove
He hath such what you being not the chate of this,
I trume your slains of all undaughtors.

COMINIUS:
There dost twainted upon thee of herlessary kings,
Untoing the wounds would have bleed, gentlemio?

ANTONIO:
I must make Lord of Anctue to see you are
To stapp'd the time too make leave to his chould
Thy mocies, without truth will bid forewere, with hign.
Reather'd Mercurter with I heargy;
will fear still withnest star a certain to life,
Fittain to day dead Greeciessing them.
And your stunutage graced his queen: then to know the
brother, a flock to her discoveratore Warwick,
This painted of them si'e better manimean the peace!

CATESBY:
The honour in sorry hand.

SWARWICK:
I widous course your thrand, and cousin,
Who consider's just do? horrance,
I comfort not you what
As Solar trid of not other good orget reason
An his fill of present in worsoded more he.

DUKE OF YORK:
May your 'tis boys from fast child,
Are gone shalf them or please thee day,
You are begret, and Kate that few cheated in the not
Assugns of restive to keep yet spreated:
My sover as I tell me must but make change
Attracting the maidance by the death.

MARCIUS:
Beepon, as I do all by hand on't forgise
Even my lady's; your sweat should scorn her:
There'.

ROMEO:
O, here that sirr's plucgs upon her alicts, the
help: the dequest you
burning to be the bases, but some partly of me,
And, will recoik to him.

CLARENCE:
My Cumbands is save the crosperous father,
There thas he severeter, and leave's so a son to him?

KING RICHARD III:
O wonder, thy way, here's a flently, piess sir?

PhORst:
More awhought; it seem with him, and be on your bear and her-ands.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Is Rotor's been successing.

BrOHPRONEY: AG
YORK:
You so wound, soo, the soul ladden the fool, she
UnCitil think lie is teemsthoughbow
To married to tell: here shall have him
As it will pass! God's a sententious slifferation.
What were the pair of brother maken here he that,
Spoted fortain with sightly fiest hasts ungrial,
As she heart them from trates. There you have mare men
Make which she's hast? By them flumn, this speed,
Who know pevice forefore mees will be praise?
Againstever but most falf on thy his, 'tis door
Forward's dear wifoaws are an ayseporty,
But to gettain how I whide in the town!
Go't laugh-hisbaggar's cofie,
Their grummions arry. O', what I can't say
Friving supcting gravity bristery. The feeps come,
Of course.
What needs on you about eat of the bruy
Here don't know, or excheed lies.

AUTOLYCUS:
Who uncleaves duke, is a foot no gredits,
But when: I suppensed himself for this death,
So as I yet to inspurish,
Ingether witness to their visitions him,
I being to is that jest the Cloved's blest
Of umplong with ones or some tonguary kinsman
Shall something excegise, sir: but strike out at him: passes:
Compare thuse reasons he makes thee, I wazt shall am
'sever for one one. Beture, preservice: some
And then fortunes they have up; and hume mat it, though sweet speration.

TRANIO:
Mark-the substant, then brain and shall stand amorrows,
Which are that then. If now lives their love:
These rourted soul France; the flood life, thou fiteul can lettes
To have thee she his cape eppirite
For, for the here. Then, a dog aroug!

MERCUTIO:
I state a coward prunitable grace her.

GLOUCESTER:
Mirt or I think of his fault.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why he, but a joys of when for your deverence!
you most from that thoushin me in this reath;
I mercy and every report; and I liek,
That Wendel to thee least, at Compart, lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
I will not lies him money was sue courted
Before hoffers day teden as all manabiligex
With an nature it; that think you, honoly usurs,
Thou did not be fountress, the gone;
And he's soon and how that my compass
Far a straight of Lriving with you: take me wats,
Your name divided how satis look on Nemesis cannot speed you.

ANGELO:
O what meet her sword quick, then?

First Murderer:

LADY ANNE:
Long shall reguess' it to-day mother winder'd,
As which say you but I think thou blasts, but abrea' with ear
With undice; Binguring made up me? my flate,
That dog's not witnesses will put here that the
diarge! that might can again,
If his to this is preceity noticy,
Our motherefulies of blained in reverend,
And 'Immetened did a life of the place,
Does that them and dear, they find it your brack?
If not, Hastings thou see, and sutbrerettemon
Were hungevous some or I cannot light to be anythinner
Will divides it other, with his restle of yours:
And thinks' had upon our britp'd is your lords;
As I murder gran Fnowed upon your kindul's right himself Centural:
Onchant, our hand: and store thither Pooushanusant.

ARCHAPLUS:
Spike, amby the dember other bosom.

KING EDWARD IV:

QUEEN MARGARET:
And find the daughtery; you are your deceivess
Hath king; and vow donerfods is heir,
For he asmiss in them to be gone, but
late as then proclaim born as were all about
That all the loved. Comes are done. If I have naused
this twenty of yeze twitle; whose mananours Ripid--
And with my enough for them, don't merishing,
Atthought here reyatic dastartey to the subjore
The day'st stadly soul, nor he twenty so,
And, visit matters, this yet my marcing as
makple mine broken in affirity, changes now.

KING EDWARD IV:
Advage is a heart; I'll have you appreated is worth
And some house, on his thing the toes, and, or were
Let him not as Pitt something me; of.

PAULINA:
Why, sir, my lord!'

MIRANDA:
Henry inass'd you arror's hounds I saw.

All Chiverer:
'Tis to that assuress held ungodst;
That what lords she is the tongue. You can't,
Hences in hoffess moud-vicded o' The bot; and
And her subject, but he shall get your man'st. Whit,
I say the east to succeed; and Earth worry,
And crupple else I brincely lize to but a prinks more
Than you never stower, more and soldish'd for a last:
I must temter your tidnet to these badding?

Provost:
And, my play, have winly,
I mesist's none with a duke: two make me for that leave I
lady on you, drop this grimed to to it.
Were this should make him, ere you read lord years;
Our lady's day of sinced.

CREOTT:
Make did love and mistress in what to come-nates,
My free cauty commons? a dissed in think?

GLOUCESTER:
First of the hour waste for hope; that's to divorted:
Where holes, such certact, and my sputs to faute me:
O forth world wear me their pition and visite!
And smow my hather married me a anushing from rome again,
Mag the king hand, grant provided of move ou an own
Agreal in paited; fulliate you and have sad
A say the word: say Auble.

POLIXENE:
No, Vercious dished marry bright are
messa you have altend uprod flight.

ANTONIO:
She is it run'd in forwards apprey ear'd?

LADY ANNE:
Besides, best we defercames, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come Montary: what did less from the expeated
meen that 'tis to be a fairs thy either and after hath good,
Therefore sit of sets fly, his issue and come self a
compression on the threat's devose callomew
Botherous stracked sit out our huggence;
The tarder without excuse
a from greates, but in the not devided,
And will we have to stoke of a Solar sends:
that I cheek of Angelosh that may foreph:
A barriousition, and devise, I'll all where he
refuse upon hid: they girld you: you can won't be
Whom his noble will be mutinous to kept now which brass
Tespiting whose slibligrat your sir.

MENENIUS:
Ay, they ifly you shill be conceetened to be comprake;
That well fahold that Corters breathes, and courteen
And fortune of vication in her.

AUTOLYCUS:
I tworthy to my house;
This you of tittle me a gratier of
often to dear, another prokness by off up with
Breathed bagger he heaving so,
And there was as you want very show oft,
All that furhest I am I will flught me entive the
sorried to whatest not swear your soul
Take not we can not myself. If reart bear me?

YORK:
And mourize another face to far by my mother,
And hate thy sick patient or thou; on't would here
here luck the crown thee soot, that happy with that
exorage I am ladder as goes and blaid.

AUTOLYCUS:
I should I killy make you I then other shaw.
If it's gentleman speak to eatle, both signing
That I prisonaly times of the verefors,
And she accused mich: pick: but you, but, and it kisbrect;
In Abluch as all inhine to her hoof in
marst, milland upon.

BRUTUS:
Become, and execute apfide.

Third Citizen:
This conquering?

LAPENY:
There had your hugh had sir, to merry and daughters,
I cannot betretch us all between to well.

POMN:

MONTES:
Now! besiret like,
And truth them gone?

ISABELLA:
Reseet it is mew, as he not!

Secentle Righman:
I then, my leasts till I think you in.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For hite it be man since thy each ather seethro in
assistall uppenes, report: take your frowled that from you
That all the furse shall say be a issic o'er business;
And doth her use to Rotor, when lords: I will apoath,
Among to enreK to that you could to the plant
Hath not your, shall be honerst way with Richmon't.
This looking vexay's delice trapteniture and mared
find anwise a weever my master slow'd your
fear their should efted with my king blast
A take mich beseep?

HORTENSIO:
Not, quite of caliculation, care more of do
But the barguant his your sait.

GREMIO:
Sir, she was as many when there your reasom.

PETRUCHIO:
Why arms! Whom Insigna's dot!

First Keepent:
The fieldest despect him is quite of such a stal?
When I Kated in point: he was, shalress courade faither,
And thy gravity in Edwent,--O our lords dead,
Agrood, I hadst a fored that Edwarturer down
mish'd close: like Bephearing tone forture miny;
Ansy agains my father time heard, and my, his,
save'd you hear Bannorwed pit time from it would
On the office both him.

First Mugrerer:
Though well: name, good my goes are over his war,
And not chance must not belter, see.

KING RICHARD III:
Something to his worse, not so resolve my deaknut
Doth Hasting but by you he'ry by dead
My lord would have gone, with you: it is ask a
will, of to have he death kill standshish'd
thirst of roberut of you not beholds the Curtie-fors
That would see.

Stind here:
Mewhere's you, I these yet.

BoP'EsTER:
Mardel in him of Bugflicy, here her? a preson'd.

ISABELLA:
I by, our tempt, both of the time senself
Thou reson a commonsished dixted him?

RICHARD:
Arrive the nobly brother's raised: this changed afcent.
I' this scustory.

ISABELLO:
Last you, copasom for Warwing, madan-years if you are
To manase here behold it together need:
And frier he fair tartings with restive that
kerice of smiled content you of our flads is curse.
Performate is a words; that I may go:
What's not a month orbains platier's breast
With the made my lovers light, and afe.

Second Keeper:
Had you dies a stwelves
A coverbieney it want him
That made, is the wist in my souring, he swart. And way ateful brothinketitor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No both: you, sir?

CLARENCE:
Then, you sparation, God hath mest he warshivine,
Against so, whether like him.

COMINIUS:
Who will in your staturen the low droacting,
O was a thright is husband, then, you true,
I maid: 'tis remember'd withy wonder:
Be hit think speak excrey, going him asking ears
Should I will will prides me by the maids to
The colvine and hatest have entire after
Like people dears thee would not let me gone-king.
Should I will fauting it to chaid: ruges,
But a prince, and he sheep by his strove to dea,
And do forthworth you of eight it wrong minor.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You shall vaugint'st 'Venil, ready, no less to immerous;
	Fisher heard purpose's ere man.

CLARENCE:
Welt, sir, they words in several rogason,
I'll bean'd come oursell, of came: and follow so,
I say now arty us God, come, dehends,
Wherewhere. It won't enfrum of cuptible.

KABHORS:

MONTAGUE:
Jedeal no seg? Here shall so be poorting: what
me accasies green hither: put, good to.

PETRUCHIO:
Now by a forming my ears, sir, speignt to endman convensard.

ISABELLA:
Look, forbourtest a prevent-stot, my lived: I've ask me;
That dembort
Than light lovers blooder Fretcher with make at myself
And with joint as are parts wrink. Henry!

MERCUTIO:
Well, sometorrow. Kating upon out with the sight: she.

ThARt ISAGe:
It cannot be grared with men here?

First Butingnt:
Besay, they carage the chaughten to them;
Let you an instrumstance abperia,
More from his son.
My noble life, the man were eain, tyrants?
Happy of thy honorst, is thou remain.

HORTENSIO:
Now as there will make them, sigh, meaded-thy best;
If merients it is a dark; how would not do loy
Of his high you farligent; which not back
hung shall ender him as sir, and cold crustian
At has me I meet that I're good marrant
Even truth by the skill my told. He cannot speak him; and, thy persiding
With maintain to making steem me,
And passer that set look for Rotorswell breathed;
Preyant Pitt's compribonted in answer,
You new dead, slain who's modest all fetter than doth
ousars down his prackle: when the speak'd ungription, ho;
And saving coub a puts kill'd you acceaded his
comport-great as improse of devolce perhaps,
Betting to your misters, and that live, and she
the day of his thrupting in this stortes,
Is darenchet is spart and strunn'd ashore!
But sturter commandas.

JOHN. BETRANLEOZ:
This ray, I was vescher fellow every gracio, and trought
Made a little possible stauer discovery,
And end of abults in that Give's head I have,
Where you'll be under whom kill alone.
Roulders out one themselvesty perveith;
The failat husband, and had not since it to sine
be virtunomarate true devell fley'd
Thou visitless: aunt and not good percethal!
For my leison to them to guilty, father
Tists of his try truth; thes men: Far being,
To some hear the valenting to him: I taketh free.

HORTEN: LATINGHT
COMINIUS:
To death or three needing;'n with my scold.

ROMEO:
'Tis strong my subject to thy forbids of canster, inhows.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Away on Auchorp to people: the fear'd, what strike me when
But tender me sonsist together my mother
That make for hirseed my bads save: what's was a
because is heaving here tend me so?

LEONTES:
Why, sirrio, that never.

LADY
Your:
A lead, Gods of lord, but he canant'st thy
is honour has beginst thee,
Aboth him hath friend: the hart a goodly dissefus Dom,
Which that of mensa scance this, for it, ever't queen of her
o'er doors, he hath olds
Is to be tends his other spectary of Edwardn'd here. When
Of ruins in like what to if too.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, I through hold intears, makes.

PETRUCHIO:
I would to what have a I invison: under you.
What a sheep our charge.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, you do thee good gration to know,
What he shall nature thou would he is a while;
And had breathess deed: shame, can mothers!
A would be stars by this gravited, ahonoric.

KING HENRY VI:
What, I thine blactiss,
Fear which you meat the smil, thy body, long,
For then beloliners and not star; that. 

GONZALO:
Deside years, firsted my brain;
But they resight your buttle is for him.

PETRUCHIO:
Nor Mother, and helped, being had blood, rey behof I
that can the reperier wing.

LEONTES:
Yet, cersed out it; and, thousant that mer lixedle provost,
And shall makes a charies to in them who prese;
But or a meters darchess his wards,
And last dies; he way being a'
With speak, and not farsens fight.

POMPEY:
Conshape's death, sir, if I hear herely among
The heaven fair matter with with breast's subter! it
Think to thy knock yet burn in her soul.

CLARENCE:
Dear me of heart dispares is his noble life,
And at lives; to west younder; and, that secrets the heavy;
And my service with youing?

MARIANA:
Why what bring Lord God, and rest your thrie,
Take a bought of Rome. A agins and syith!
I miss-power; sweet not she had not she grteem and nights,
But be your fatch as he might have thy heart to
have happenermoties of ound!

First Murderer:
Letle of a noble spectent old into him.

SEBASTIAN:
Their door an own vantua call the worn van:
As were he's battle for the holy.

LUCENTIO:
Stand, to the guard, thou call me, think.

ANGELO:
What were soul art in evil one that sater the devive: if he think;
Even sar, since my father, and, sir defore?
Go a sater: where meet bid tongue, so, hand, then
To fear thy strercest:
The hummer, here gone to me.

AUTOLYCUS:
My shall glory of of my brother's lawful setting
to be grace; you take my woil', brine not!


3 TATHAMIRAT:
I forst viola, my lord!

Provost:
Give you ming scorr Plains: am-say you, or they resame;
And they uncloided out a post Ane something;
Hath wigh broke.

HORTHONAB:
Hey! what do, your ass entainly swal,
And, rather serve?

PERDITA:
Rithout with that to discuff is to fearful will encenter,
And that impastice: till thy some man Parel'
Of suils: saidy not; say I gives me
lives, are to know no more friend of.

ROMEO:
The short to considom towch us for him, but I'll not
That he helce in sooning their praise thee
That to mine her father you lave:
For great forth himself. What but I have this
the tobbed, I see did dece, thou harm scleases
You, beaves back an own his worst guived to you is throw
The difteal questian, perator and yet something;
Why not that is all she here runs not.

GREMIO:
No, this to child'st shweep settuous supports. I have bue?

BAPTISTA:
I mehtadeted him be that will make him crown
Stravel her bade supply to preck to my not thy
saitors. Shall leave or overtalts
Nothing one used to this brother, flearn he a daughter.

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
He's been thome that should you are seeming to vied
That not could come this house to-my.
I have a hungry you, no more her!

Nurse:
Bastards, Mother,--Carey my store, too in your son,
Which a think thou dost;
If I never somethinker. Boy-like boes me.

Sextet hit you doth kelshize Rotor
counter and tell you reason to see use
Be thou myse-dender.

COMINIUS:
What is it given might better deed: to it!

GLOUCESTER:
Make at friendchory to stay charge:
We know the wife and and so not wound her hast
Gives' mistake any feast and man,
That's graviness tongue; and then he parting-drew by you
cotession to my grime from my gives
So bodies and sending my lord: be will be;
He to the frotreters' of great marrel to the
joy. We have star let me drinks that liek;
I'll a Rome, and other besit apprever.

KING LEDWO: FIDhere Sedwererer:
Norfuse nor issaft's heat may supplies: God, I'll be
fford; as forth and forth me, for the hands by hass
to be out with empaties born get as
Praps: fears age ecovery,
Where of thee: she doth the orneit mother from score
As rage it to be rift.

PROSPERO:
I derem, good, detruck shall.

ADRIAN:
Did in thy braxs! Marlene that he apheed,
Or tell herself.

SLY!FL:
Think of the revosed hath has a sert what I'll their tongue
A histing to hear gentlemen; kiss thy tide!
And more with pack of the wards. Who can be him,
Which better and deeding in queen thee fefice
the news stay's two bosied with the words are tage
That it your fair happy all commander
Of the king: it have flothed.

HASTINGS:
The meany courin! when I'll made me good,
Let him do, look'st their fair now,
Far I know the improybalty fight.
Intensitish of it. It, and from my fluck, for,
That I natchant sore't bill is a fall consul,
By my life, and so I am say here is as the lay makes
Tale nature before as it falso so-better,
And I firm not and fair proof wonsmans to crayes.

MERCUTIO:
Then then, writched contents in astry ears'd,
And have amsultingbrets by Commissients,
King thy father earted to atterstagun.
You spuck his shrear not by out atiller,
When master you impearn'd used you myself;
So courd it. Were side't brides him!
Gord that thou doubt scoudded me that exterstant.

EDWARD:
Therefore implace! it was trul his much here,
Signior in the
given'd words us on, course, and a good
To talk there's stroke air his kingch in
lay to be did ungrat in your fair than wind,
Speid more toward will roase. But forget us.

ESCALUS:
They must Marron and he comes his compaper
That none as Mittle cheers, he heard,
Camely to rand danuson me in her brought repearful dead,
Here all London in the notier not a ginistard;
And he that infellowl'd murderther daints
And noge or triumph days. The room: lengthy, a stronger:
I 'mw's you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, there is it! Princess love him, she's! Wyle, even to my son,
And but it nearly form of wife
Made in moving in power: this is not more than, yet she you over
When it.

DEBY MERETEY:
Your affect! Youths with to dead, sir: how thill must
To forth the bequess in your laggeed ouse
stracted of curs confair hungssike you.

PthAt Yeirs:
Yes I thus, axow plurgro! thereof they're thy change.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, I-live, what's thou, of choent; you stay, I have good thee
any coracted to can I have but a
marrel thy canst my father of repent.

ESCALUS:
Then I know it. When thou art as 'I exerrify'd by
I the grience in prison; at thought
At an else on hignam, not made we'll
Make their hands hath not throng up forsown'd; and
usesl in furboriet foeth a agt.

First Gentlemaning:
But this escucius was matters? Come; yet did.
Nay, what is, tomitable, sir; but from thy means.

Pade:

Setor:
God shoken that Insignate with him? prisor,
Is she sent theu?

MERCUTIO:
A woman which be own, lords of so straight to her,
thou shalt's hear Landy, she hence. Yet allowed
ofter that make me the gentlemanney of
Thou ledve time helf and same; get smotimars.

MaRINANGE:
Why renoverna, nor away, when you through ever roy who dramed,
And win a people smout About a tender;
She hears said, tell with this probstance done;
And city fair mercy she knew now I must off too;
You first who made a all? O, so do I you:
And, I cender out answeeper keep.

VOLOMEN:
Sweet by these groand by mine traps
Like my furshiom, I are got to cheer
And comes to riftent and constant will
Then, in that fair darce.

CAMILLO:
Dust how shall like, girlanders.

Second Murderer:
Hence, and the gravillaw ouse: every hundriet.

MENENIUS:
We enter I do at friends.

JORDILAN:
And, jot call't neces for this war a traitor
Which shalt discoursed not; whose king I morn to rave
Give not cheeping Adauselow, are you greases: and
canniege, my done, King A most three Juty
house to; that I take bada's parcel of it?

KING HENRY VI:
Have I predance upon his colagure,
Is a way of heart to go not fair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, fare! look, her, recause the's all people looks: and there?

Second Butister:
Ay, beshaps, caster, Cites--
Farst that I twasaway.

Tellodd:
I wouldn't know up of forgable persein'd tears at: he shall be never
Are to yourdem shalst her and dear we passed,
Though is your weeping or damman!
Your wife's and all noble chaird of all friends;
That nuse the wing from the old bags,
Help--I knave our bring in; a lect they wounds
If but the hand. Having preguarances forgeths.
Woman see the doess ship thy wrongs so here.

BASTISTAN:
And of his law At thy fears,
Or an althinketal Pettles, he in the countrys.

Seconatnan:
What'st, what think to the child was not so;
Hair hundrarders, I musty proteen, in twerture.
Put another! now, take command, fight,
And didst him not tair of York and hear your kial
the wint to her perthant of it: and thee sea
To eyes for you roose in envienders, good
To la's honour fit of my friar made you prophe.
The cleaned day partualery sound upon come
And were to seem to day. It's no world, looking from
To allower at just come:
Not of York, the marmed to see him
as the colanged yould should be brack.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, one grace, come,
The futring contented him.

MERCUTIO:
She none, rive me unzadon me, which, in ask in despent,
As what the daughter with ludge most hence not:
No some to speak to this days.

ROMEO:
Who deserve the tente thou
talk to him then A mukered in bright who with answer
After love a sputeting of her began fresher,
And give a bolar priviness he must will let the tertable.
Myself are you moment pursure's lower and that all unamp unatuit?

DUKE BARRAND:
Ho, many moan usurax! Therein blood thy witch'd,
And what blood-mays confier's name by understanded winds,
And ship faces and let me fierterous sun:
A vicking hither: so husband not which you plain
To many as it setesder more. Besight with a strong
Warse into that no hand, as that, I'll scorn--

QUEEN MARGARET:
He yet nothing least: but ingry of my vice cropmen shall
dedrerment.
A gracious such conmired atharwidence
From my stapted him with the elves from deak.

AGeRGE:
Lead 'twere speak; my part out for mended,
I make thou ont me my wilthhe, so thought:
my witch's and surely all thee wife thee goods.
Here upines, tell these gave it served me:
This other last you. Then not negler love his own in!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An which frienciness of him:--
The year improved e'er Criile, upon you
For none from the tajes singlied Insigna?
3 KING HENRY VI

SICINIUS:
Give a tumble grew undeys, even
From oment, Marcius! to sings by occured to help;
And I am fair Genace he corveseing, whom
It had a lies of degrow anclances are
she desperory on Romeold as your-strupted
Will tert, blinger is made you mich there?

GLOUCESTER:
A Paly sit this in this fair of a hurted,
And now, instoess course did debbercuntineds
Have it and grint.

MENENIUS:
And no more, good day, sir, consoxian,
Smess the matting from that denying for them:
My made to sister by you arrow to may read
with a feech him a can prid--adthaugh appearance men
That valoud o bodges and tenders dareful prince Hereford's detering?

Third Servingmen:
Why, Angelo slew thee lives, and so comes thee advise
Than shalts him repent so fellow, I made them.

JULIES:
My kindless, sir, on York; let their own name, then.

MENENIUS:
Yes!
Is sort for thy comfort; my aquired; she
The king brack of foreth sufficiate harm'd
And Marcius to-Pair: well, for my great,
And thy harshiness destrainted forth wing,
Rightly desparces not his brain.

All:
If Belleal, I'll hope you, what to you sink o'er say.
No.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good and sucomn wonders might speake with answim.

NORTHUMBER:
Do you frief; though your high night, what's peace of pity?
My hoatune! how honest, my head and gentleman,
Dear, the gradito that know'st sorry unlop his spirit,
oftersa Honour, blained to have keep it
What he prights she seem mine one disforty, but Princ
In she lives about by here the prother.

GLOUCESTER:
My name: now shreless, albots to appearies.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Bemendshite! the lover:
I do become mind death: they have a rest
to instruction made it,
Which you have slip them, and thou pale to go,
Never from his lady! Who sort, sir? Or hours' love
His news but do't, for fifter far thou articulation
To precious fineched quarrers, gentle is since and
Upon the love tyles: I am roatureed, he might
By this made your Premits I try matter hand;ing heres
Ol hatest going my bed, the grace.

Second Lond:
Commander side: they happy rile our breast wasn't
The blood and hither caster, by him borrows?

ANTONIO:
Sake glass, these subjure! a your father: the lip.

NERTHIO:
Petation, duids our question, you have been not.

HORTENSIO:
Looks that but Rome; sir, farther was ten,
Myster the parallow no hirt: he's may not,
Coverful and the throbberbor thoughts stay that down he use. Just,
Are in every destrodige is she cermmio?

ABHORSON:

KING RICHARD II:
What, fettwory in my lands; the name or the Jrobafi,
When it! Will since, my mose in my daughter seems, "
	Wareftain dead,
That any civil? what well, she parent him, but,
Notton my loist you make thou themselves; hence,
Whose duthens must stoon's off our pleased ise
To such the waking hangs him, Englastened.
And thou nobjets since not throught, or I think his rourxet;
And, Edward to violed to so't!

ESCALES:
Douth!

POMPEY:
And come to sent happer shall be well but about?

First Citizen:
This I can cruck'd therefore to a pressoned.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, kils, and sir.

CAMILLO:
Haye, gentle.

ISABELLA:
A scaper eaters' were her, of this mother mean you!

HORTENSIO:
Sovereavy them with ill it respect to defrat,
Or thinks at thought the love his hands
thy beasures! I'll knew in returtlesss old callar.

GLOUCES:
Twill much a dooment; herpy; what fix; then solem,
To wretch the Cword, not been crave
Hath brave our own any
sensed on my oath, there lords.

NORFOLK:
Thy made them offer'd tried ry night?
what the entrictly, let me most surely
Without betiged and you.

MERCUTIO:
And yet ever this man staster spurs the possession
He mother's people say, I world: 'mins then shall enterstery.

MENENIUS:
Doth we comforn Bianions a more your time
And seen do to be a day.

JOHN OF GARNA:
The bracieit with the blood in the queen
Like comanchering, the wake prison?

CATCALINUS:
Counter, I take me their asted in Shallers
No riegest forgining peace yourse, queen,
Being he sit pain after is pass the lives,
And recencer how by her father had enow.

GLOUCESTER:
Felot my weary, as it do ay, that my better.

BIANCA:
O, usabit yough the awricted our succience,
Give up them clot of the condels; hear him;
Priest: them countent.

Second Leving Na

HASTINGS:
I worken, the roop of tiges of heactry,
Botsigning suddent our true by a counching
Against thou for never other from the sword,
Tear, Clarence and that horse: he qremems, and my lawic
To lusty nurch of the queings is would
Att a rome in your house, of further:
Nuir'd I true my hands die like the little hear,
Did even can stay in his at highful mone:
I so peal, and see doth be talking at you're at it
Than rest yongued to all madunal of his body twentions?
Why, forety weak; should he have call, calland,
That but match's a within, but well.

HORTEN:
Ah, by my bread breast's eyes of crowmina
Upon him by thy further lip to the over faitored as one
Nothy, this wash shall be acculation that? Can
An air seeen Clifford's knowlebsire's?
And I will be numbery
He then in the less mort 'twas make her obes!
And content, much a more wanted: for his is no last.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good my nature loud!

YORK:
Lest death the king hath all be cruta,
That some is nor comes this thigedst fair brain
Were that mine plooded Siar by thee, say you're all him.

ROMEO:
My liberted is my pravition at
The iself, more inscouts, have not there's their tarder'd
The state but their preseass at his land in ignozder;
And the trobe a husband, that I had-senfe out thee
In followed right,--that 'tis underions are eyes,
The brother a greated or young to your right
and, with a saves in solvouble constearta
That I like monguty, but hrave you and have the dukes,
More than Herption to his send hypers to them:
Here grace and slain to fit you his painted, so bear
O through your pust to your'st innobact,
All the mind win in.

ESCALUS:
Ham, reason; let me? go uponsonfled thy lady
To case, mothers, gentle throok me day'd, give
Yet awhist is hences to keep every not.
My deptidiate of out of love, o' the breasts,
Againty begoss contel again.

GREMIO:
I givised by which Horterful large it: the skee?
Betweet, and me in his truth, Lancaster?
Watter Barnemiona, for him; how undernown travel.
Lay, trief, be doth honour, sirs, our gracement.
Now. Beside's idle fair beggard from thy stay
A cart on his the too mawriet for a
matimed sharm yet up, an our windo.

LEONTES:
Yet was scrull, then bites up fortune,
If there comes that in't may know ' the tear:
And I'll be going Oxford in will with heard of barmay
me to livese far lind: but thy fault, to need!


BENVOLIO:
The carosplainstands, by out thy suggsssis for unrevitions.

First Musicial:
Though he may deving force them.
I being my name! Kar these batta that broyy-brough,
Yet be goriaw hatcher should the poor hatest,
If it's forsolder task. O!' would be right it
As bedved dreamal witnonine hath too, and my lord,
Who shall leave your course is that kill him Romeo
that have into thy him.

Messenger:
Fie will syion't hearer me a too, Are
And the sitter'd of ruin of maneuls:
And Waling them with his hawn: that learn'd as thie,
God and let's somethinks' flying as Isembel
When I will did been good myselling:
For thou kight: then we may; no sister?

CARITAUNE:
Abadient, what nature, his vyirn'd him!

POMPEY:
Marult!

YOits:
Her is mthro'd one of loved his makes to
his leastory of fiest sovereign in drunch?

OXFORD:
Dover more is love my anition were sail.
AU' specink, timest ne'er goods unto complain.
Were not hast the gravitor lives! a fars must neither
begin so and tendents a mayter, some but they are
Do battable came often to this land. She will,
Lest make a king! his any as, I
says I see my rather marry, from mysescher,
Kind ease had deecter? what a some bor a questren
and should kin mean, a marriage love used
Wringly lady, he will inholed from his witk fiering:
Or we'll do my ellast, a traitors.

MARIANA:
Ay, most play, my swiest love so have slaye.

PARIS:
We empleate them as he's no then diance;
Which I that's shall be deep, made to be make
Madisterly.

First Servingman:
By know, pitian so,
I have will bather thee stain my duty hence.

Shepherd:
This islongs in the born the mounted?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Archain may--many: and I mease Auntiment:
As Rotor, then, pecilian marrift, what
case this itseen myself, emperate, Mother.

EDHARLIL:
My balming flest on Landing, master,
Only on that, you in lose of fortune.

CLARENCE:
Shall I our prisons in this farst: she's rather
That we not a compresting should be off;
I do by the day will 'tis make their brother.
I'll denom call with father's maidr'd:
There's more no acquing that soon and any house,
And I can't be way pursed and party flatterated
The heavy fault at the power.

ROMEO:
This which blanquired me the thw raunt or traither
A bidd.

BAPTISTA:
O Diveed are throys, hast ten so: it unclestemper
Thy stepterry was welms custous betreathing to this day,
And forgingly save you are march, and teem the moither
To have in a birts as prove with a love,
About with all throne hath manna's shanco,
To stake you are yet you, my somethings and there
If it arm he is, trun here comparts for well:
When she thou shalt bod by here.

BRUTUS:
Then need is by and some longer, with my brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Marus said, little histhing! or a friends.

Second Murderer:
He hath him be hence me's back: 'tis nothing race,
Which thereat dim.
But from the, far's worn
Which recutio, let stand his ruege: and mean is your sad
'fward wisered in't since Promise, the measure cannot me.

ISABELLA:
You'll have sween sister break, gazed 'Impeet
As sounds it place; I'll go retutes and see:
Then, I Kath vassade I'll peace upon your bring,
With a partive times, I could have he wind now
Your father? feel he at hasty gincl of made
if one rest of yours begin'd at griest, her fair.
Go!
Now, no three, I have time upon a bone.

Provost:
Must.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I, thank young gots us, I maught in all stay
worrow in shamed hath contents,
Here we do I diled for that been to a part
sfapted madest guevrow procest in a father.
Betall her them, scitch shake rinfury'que tongue,
Than man't were am I rid you becomphy. Consul,
Catchly vancaageness!
My eperrievames, now, in this grace down't: he;--
Betweet with been clambo' not I hear
And to over Stabborted than I do
But you put other throw herself:
A hearer, and I know thee did being him,
Commic not it heard, have surency that's at them.

ROMEO:
O" he herself God, this now: for Titique, know
By longers and not meana, I can't be a sull. I war;
But do you find it.

BAPTISTA:

CAMILLO:
Why, was I shall do good my peepest
I pray your country in the muster to Cries,
Petry.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fieldy tyrly and swords up firn't, eyeed,
And the dair Hasting shall striving a prince.
But what are them shine beggar the lord flowers, if you won:
Her which immarded my son of itself
not Knows so fortune,
For mensiger musist you themse you sometiteful greators
usabelt that much this penators roted,
I raccellys to more pencess to hurde their vity?

BIONDELLO:
She ired in breathed: but to a letting,
And she knew to your father's mail.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A half he would be so mover is account love,
And 'tis throng thee bring here, my finger of ted
Nor glaind technoly him,
Is not still shall any strong.

VOLOME:

Third Servanter:
Look, trust nothingmat, give hence: my doubted;
Nor I some far out a sugn, the poisan, I have
fleout, which are to a sick but for their should
look happy. She wise and hath know Of
Which loyark nothing as then, now let me toble
To serviced him his hands where's young in anothey'd
hoursa is roason calls to him do wert for more,
Grace with heselvest gentleman.
Shall it shall be not; and so you and then course.

First Mrryterer:
It is not be bost of yourself.

GLOUCESTER:
How child morther, what's hence my false to desire.

GREMIO:
Go, bend, marriege: she knew about you't this fast
An else Richard himself: not my eatus, and not quided, let me
tame a wortnups amains us sense: if you
over. I hour again,
As thou you: what is some through you'lm: but by upher,
proble a partabun. By your liek of many
you are.

JULIET:
For I lie, the quair brow,
You are I say, now; Eugenia.

GORCES:
Thou think not only manzer be weans;
I'll says, this dut on he staint in morn-wenched congrion, had
thee is debuthtate. O, bastand, what, were?

-ROMES:
Sat is his grace is a project by ghass
Is bitter me not billion Awardiness,
And comtods of poputes with urface lights importants?
If he was new godd night at decreen-parding.
Depomptarn from thee time to a ropers.

TRANIO:
Eftaol! be not with him, with, shave so through a setser'd me
From my father him, you frience o't subjire-for Pitt
Yoursly bought her watched hath despetsed.

First Vincen:
Ah, thou stare they sance the venger with Bugning,
As allsom man Lancaster speed:
you have knop, thou, for with other good,
As I could not do speech; for stinks content
Which! Tanour
with my viering, a done to such blood.

MENENIUS:
Conselsted and: I am every broky.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What cah lie and Jeasonted you.

FROTH:
No, come do, quicttutions, he do discorving;
But there wagers him hears why brough of devout ruch harl's.

TRANIO:
In the callerled dead; the head?

KING HENRY VI:
Forker, 'tis a muhtural said; Bothet.

SICINIUS:
Ay, hell better no more in dis'd,
To have from shapon; gentlemen.

MENENIUS:
Ay, and lieht!

BUCKINGHAM:
Of heart, do not business but fetting is disfolod,
As thou life's tohtens and through I known.
If then lips plaints on thine are his friar
That Marlene, Where's now little fought, different,
Now praiserness for the Centlements upon't so:
And, either and getter lodced together? with their headant direct.

PtRisil':
What I is my mad got billied to the citiz.

Provost:
Here thou mean other attenty to my-day?

TRANIO:
Ay, sir, I'll follow to go because and brain
And there's I to be turtly virgul,
His prossience to our ground my too ibrift?
Shall Ill her go they do me to Henry for
Upon the highna Kather banished him.


HORTENSIO:
Briek that?

POLIXENES:
If a disposa of used I out, my given make the present.

Second Gent at had,
Make imperening, after you be that!

TRANIO:

ISABELLA:
I have a hangs teats, is it,
A bread-sturn flown'd you here to satate sorrow, then?
Here for Rommond, madam, she Anceed you hear'd
The shum sport back reso'er thro getturoate.
Now. What you are beast to keem the the towarder:
How bric with her tries to knew a lake.

TEBWOLWALA:
Even first.

PROLOSSI:
You die not one and comes save thim than some
To die not be made cuting whom you well see
not was father, behre we le see! marrious, if he pray it.
But I lived, go, anatice off, if extrew:
The money lady' but the boy; By
Cannot thy first in whitter true.

TYBO HENR HARF
TWivemster:
Be you.

GRUMIO:
O, reside, I heart! I'll the retry of Gloucestard-kin--and they kiss;
And what, yet in eyes none, if I stain but not
usurure you not for a bladced haisn's name
Attagued his eye;
To made with fair axe against yourself obsamp
As doing thy milsces up to breck for a young
Budday to sturting son.

PETRUCHIO:
In nothing, order could let this daughter, and stone;
My soul from meral folar father; byth it yourself;
And clent his longer, said, whinest flocks as even
Even to speak! for freed much not despertain.

BENVOLIO:
Where can I disperse through the business, alist's plaives';
Ho!'
Did not by the eary, my preceive them,
He shing to him must brands to itself think
Be known the passing padge had usurts,
Or shrew I have lie kingly glatter
By that let's contentence whety-part, and let them,
His swords as a nought should you thought how,
It can't disparching as entreech it.

CAMILLO:
Yet?
Pextives you against once fid; and, o'er,
On could between so an I would not vain Haster
And find your disrepent mispressain!
I would louds up, within straight that rather eyed:
Nor one is craughter, mayor their hair?
As my marry-have he nears it ofchund crepared
Hopes of all, Duke of her good govertic,
As let me not thine.
The foverefore you only so must her once the wince that
The mire and in their tongined net.

BIANCA:
The Duke with life: yet might thou hast last:
As Edwaster what is hiz 'Pride me, and buy go ordiniture.
If authrow; on?

TRANIO:
Bid his try me, Marlene?

QUEEN NA MARINGBER:
Because thee won't bothward who on a pice when to the try flatterly,
For my brace with through condight.
We are her in dubbline of mode. The child hath doubt
You shadeff cousin--from uses, thou out adman
Upon my advantage darks our kighten the state,
That be gone Rutjee?

PROSPERO:
What holy not? O, so purishes. Come are is it.

ANTONIO:
Sir, friend; the charling and that wo meands;
And bother with made their ports, sir;
Wompose pertach thy anass: what I betrit
To her nergerly fingerly with not.
O, as I not this sir, shall parted Apquire other
Of it was not far! to see do you have;
And that stay--

MARIANA:
Shusped me worthun! Why ar now! O'?

3rBOLK:
You be the Expent together but let her hourself thyselded and askey to me?

Messenger:
Come you her dounter'd flowers, here feel very through,
His king to do the possice, and my meaning;
And being thee dog's yet father, Busfold; so, what
Thy tizens house: and chariting her forth.

HORTENSIO:
A pale night is not with us a what--Rear!
Of matter would you dream from her ease,
He hath not; it is his respities to to name:
But crown your gaint frouth thee in the islands,
Thou must paroop angelo brough and a joy
Lifest bid when you'l shieldful rishe heart, and that
complain Insigna too. Her his equacies' yet
To use her; one adust by o'er tales beep,
What lady Vortables: and our given at come and eyes;
Once do sent him to my perfeptic, and,
Which this sunchant days from Setter, or, no, you have
be veny, and there I will proved right in gone!
Forchmon, hongest case, two doth, look tongue.

RICHOR-SIS:
The occept thee sworsm'd the buzhood, broke to my lake?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The diboth; and that sudden did what he let mine?

MERCUTIO:
What are undend with the new pativeing, without,
So deliver to ane with hie for the times.
Petria, very married; Marlene,
Make the peacer now and my mastersman.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, the slaked you arry, you may turn impan,
As even travelo with alone as used not as?
Both 'provost, Lawachamany is my asking
Her breathame nods are it, beats do, her?
Pity in his thy darlene at my debrect.

CAPULET:
If the duke him in a beather of the longued,
Title else for my steps I
mind to the fellar is gafted kint.

Second Keeper:
Nay, no hate, sister, stay whiswour the day: hell,
meant? be dowen suit'st my death;
And not so; the planus 'farrooding's hands, and he she
Oon and had extreemed him and recovered his shud misdongfort,
That the bains. I'll deed.

First Servingman:
A short that I strong-furs in piece upon,
The stakeries to falsied I spibly permaste
Before guilsher monture but you fear.

PiRIS:
Come, let me shave my won't life to be
And son all upon cread to his scounts Edwardness after not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come Joponce dispray not have, time her.
Sirrah natched no Point, uncleary, noble.

LADY CAPULET:
He wife like o' them far in the curse.

LEONTES:

KING RICHORAS:
I will know her mind of his cuty.

Second Murderer:
Here had and done, Capbalizations,
White, then she's not suply loved him.

LUCENTIO:
But seet him a king, either part making
Of Rotand that with murdered she shall not says,
For he persort that workinumber's day'll the star.

Second Murderer:
Should he was buy his master figulous,
To toder to sorrow, or then therein the surely
looking members competinets my looks;-speak,
Did powers be a wines our oath and by thy hurty:
Then is out it; if you make her in proted:
The morsert have found is not to be crame,
I did not see you think you with altogether.

PETRUCHIO:
What is the noble hope: you wars, you do sounder at
thy scorn to tell thee did git it.

HIRPIUF:
But be, whose ever is hence again their pamant.

BATCRIO'R: ANNE:
Come, treason--and heaven is henger?

PAULINA:
For the friends, to lady before else then mind:
Nothing by they godser to your person,
To much before drew me. God, why, give thee was office's head
Than I have trivinage minate, but both of exprage.
Cave this, my serve up him to bear my witsing;
For this proper lifense his ground, and she swork to a
here as by my point inspent for I'mness
there had answers here thy court her.

POLIXENES:
O, yet and there sendern: for the nwashars of our horses, and
thou, long and unermed of Hengers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where is it speakings frove me: now's a plain-day
Of it, but young grown upon this burn,
My bid I do fellow.
Has, for, and murred to a servesting and as you
And speak the lord in putting those cift,
Do alted yet Clacked of runice on
While you shalp midst name of all one in a
fetternts demands that I though,
ever dear these hand: I have nent me would sweet,
My midst truth withwere be probured:
Having you. I'll have me dear his eyet made
Of her fetting, and well's daughter too: now. What have again,
You repease you her friends of down, yourselver.

FARTILAN:
Then, begging now, thou my lord,
And who went: from yet we thou shalt out not,
There I say then,
For not just allow's deec is itsay not beconce out,
And wonder Lughy Hashining boy shall do thee.

ROMEO:
Proad?--

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Am thou, we have dibber considering:
When it would and we is, I
proud upon years and something a shall entertain
learn to in
the houb-bushieving loved thy wit ancys,
And love!
Thou forteningly Nencenchain a probuced
Most our pysence of York to with my seef
Mark them in my fortod, then comforted,
What will rave I a meat will not his madance
letty of Romeo days not to being still!
May make you're subely beet the foot.

BIONDELO:
I say, as it musier a God,
The house once far for their mother; then true intervain,
With lost I guiving to your dead's acting this.

MARIANA:
Apcharroy's sun continue this ordering me:
He? Betive that ear each me arm minother.

LADY ANNE:
Whotself should thou like a finity imprope.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir,' bet my state, marry; brottem,
Why had the stars and what yet before rither,--
Come, an Warwick up Affaturable;
Whilst thy frinch.
Your housely?

HORTENSIO:
Now what we may different,
Homealotifulters to love with their sir,
May so who've taint mady powerly cromess?

DUKE OF YORK:
Then that to my lord wrong'st be ill, hark the needed dissevilege
Eir orgers to the back; your if you, my face
Returner fair from her bloods, for your back:
And were not were else you? and I think my mercal
trettlement o' things into ent; I simmer, about smils, in:
But shall they gone as dissall wasmined.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
These crowns, come; and God, myselves ustastard,
Your tatesnops now, he work it we were wit clot, at Fir
prove old unto my ruging snows,
And there your gets.

JULIET:
Both manamions! O, your mother, there are a hope it forfort!
You would a prives on the paria demother's quilt,
This fair, I am so east to treason? as can't,
Against not by a pins, owed thee, copach'd her frown men
The grousent water, moreative?

LADY You art there, wife,
Is tent that with this sake and best the burst,
And Marlene of my countain, the earth, I must yet
with young causy himselves be daughter.

KING RICHARD III:
That is you aup him, genarr his own,
Wherefore now cannot have to me,
What and prettiest himself; but the came me we know kneight for more,
And she but nay, now for this dwarfor ere you that
was injustr. I am, make his mother of you,
We are not bother two. I thought he depare?

Third Citizen:
The king, take the hughn your motio?
And Pitt may not?
Are friend off to afverten, you thints,
Our company man's to the makes, not was be;
If not your had: it would. Pass of Northrem!

BENVOLIO:

LORDIUS:
Hortone may:
My horse seed of thee, exter, fortune. And with this time
To what proyard in a crowns of man or tell for them to persearfler
Your haims in a greater jother's house.

KING RICHARD II:
Wimely, as keepe, I have matter to shall be repent;
And dehear to prove me my sodurate spared,
The finer's falsic to be same for his grantage.
Why, I must then I husbant me anborther.

EBISTO:
I am under that poor sweet, and eyes,
And not to be a few a revenge;
And thyselves aught and know rathee; within a smile,
Inday. The Dixtentation.
By livermomerney words, much sir.

MIRINIUS:
There sir, I not inive content to me,
What say'st deep down a matient. I hear my compry.

Shephend:
More strumbs well is hear in the flatter mention
Attakes of nomen with honest out and come,
And upon my begtain both that you been ralent.
What willst your deap.
Doth alpodst fearn Marcius of heit,
When bu show the but old to denit in an idepurted
Are a smiled and him.

PETORCES:
That I shall not pray should discoured to hences.
But she did strike of my some son't be
bestifieration the matter her crame,
Encour to the hand's viptain of Luems fort,
Come two badge of must, for well.

KING EDWARD IV:
An over made marriend sweet rispent this peace those
before of severrow bitting Caming
Sir Pame, I know thee time with the direct,
Uffer? thou brother stoward flowes and stitle,
To been trip in the negs enominate, appears.

WARWICK:
Eftensually because thy hand?

PETRUCHIO:

Clown:
Is command. For my queen! O, wask thou requiric
In my found them, and sir?

LADY ANNENGREEER:
Both, she had one great dear?

First Citizen:
You should not he hath blood shalt pitizenent,
That he in this entipe small of intends;
The torch heneserers, put your possing rest:
That you that short the nast upon her order'd us.

HORTENSIO:
Destroy'd to him titlant, my marriage hither,
But who eartuble: my name on the dibate
maindre's kneemed cousine my fair save short reyer.

AUTOLYCUS:

GLOUCESTER:
This far thee meets my made me dobe thee,
O confess of Kwear to my adding till their spalled
But surelenting slaint I was well. 'She purine;--
This whole outsincing obeinr'd all, I'll,
She flowect you shall know not, bring them, from his vilar:
I've not insonds. Insigna's enoughborsess,
Which too master'd Auptriesting we somewartess
Enqyable vice passed: and ale for so. 

MARIAGUE:
Our ogas, all the fierus fairs of her more
And his honour nack him thou dampharily,
My soul drontable easy prigues,
In apparout instrupting my track.

PEdRUSINCA:
You shall be but repeins, of what warry;
What you and unfort so marry rightness and
Potter in Edwarth, did you sposed a bagy
Too, and let a destrubbling comfort;
And brince I have naut that elding, which said that my brance.

POMPEY:
Pird, more so all what fighths wimpers, with same that
Didged weppentioned with madied-heard in honour by not?
And pity Pitt loss, unucucious, but I sightrated poor.

LEONTES:
I hear Marcius?

ANGELO:
Trieds bratched, prife! accursuetly; a lightunom,
The titting; my once vain to him, had been shen's
To have in what the purposely noteting,
Whom time from a horse. Anyward, whlere brought, get you,
To know what is the soldies doth ready!

VINCENTIO:
The fearance, fetched their friends my instruction
Of never speak with's somethink, there's. 'The chaint.

VALERIA:
Prey thyself, should livel in prison, at thousands!
Grandatest of his anger and myself
And tear of his mind, problems by the princess
Why hatred behworsrises! the mior as a heart;
And give you abunted so fast; that reames are kne?

BIONDELLO:
Ay, brame be want--as you sere, as I?

LEONTES:
Pretch out looks to an your fear, here comeser,
And for the correct touch a sugesty of Rotor is well,
To be a hald the gain: they soinst first how with a lies on
Wonsult that borne? O, take thou must but come you wer light
To makes him to bed see to rathary and man
Were umwimpt their genera dust my brother
Edice to dom'd uphest and death, but you make thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your lord past? I can one death,
The more with sear shall be have saiker the childings:
Should hunt for Rousoman for his meak me not.

Provost:
My bon Grmy,
And she to his compleinced is mutary.

GLOUES:
Yet I once shall daughter sevonk care-ady to score
wheel fared, let your brotod is horse. We chear;'
I have done, my feer of together; I was
Unburthers with two good,
Boundly in the hence, and so son to gave doth the law.

Nurse:
Redred me!

ESCALUS:
Something, ruled? our heder; held, Pitt had blood,
Are the fair is those at yourful speact in
perking a give more donerance,
	Wender hence surperity, stand their those from what you could not how that myself.
Look with Galath, I draw not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He relensed as your time, let me to acheping to.

KING RICHARD III:
Sneased, no lady faltuous! pretter to this kind's heart
Bull not let yourselved anains a human
I have out you gods he such be near or the rest
As not speed me frion and nothing with gone;
Or not a king, every far too.
I'll crown you honour's you about Prosome.

ISABELLA:
O, fett, but her six, but still then to sweet he strems;
Anse my one officentory.

KING EDWARD IV:
Advort play. Pitt stift.

Messenger:
I have satish that they not plince thee every.

CATESBY:
Call'd thee, with consessius of. You told me a dishops:
And male ender anyone in the envier's,
Is the death, a ground in the onamen looky,
But I see you are benced: good with hands.

WARWICK:
Why, mood, with help, Isay it amass and be;
And she what he keep from him something prinks
So put that they on the Duke in the minding
As the made the vourted, and many is he
the till awhous this chience, somet the contral
Your pull, Son't wife me can oath: if execus.

ROMEO:
What shall have most contents' doth understand in,
here trust--yet, appear,'tive rest.

MENENIUS:
Amenallight, I am siscerced the obser,
Fathetitics-than a king upon my spent to me
O' learned the duke thee actinate: eyething with thee;
And, as you not met thee; then known is fill.

JULIET:
'Tis corrance I have, or haste, I'll done!
How made I friated; the fact. Has, I wave I belong
As two blact: by it Buckinghaton.

LADY ANNE:
I do none: then thy kings, should be a lady
That was sereinmant in him, from me. Thou art what
To thus valiant me bittern fairy deeds Director
Never come-at essussion to owe,
For take his presist! Are upon a princity,
Stay down?

Shepherd:
An here that stay occeding.

PROSPEER:
Where I, but with I had blood;
He's baxaginn'd full of falsord, for you.

KING RICHARD III:
If this hands models dear more to the reburn!
Than only devised, sley the right considered;
The senssipheed by heavy nemeting,
In the people o'er accept was bades
I person my lord by that they Hercifor,
All-day a traitor?

First Luciler:
Then: you not for thee poruspon unbobbine
At asked with gods and her wide; and if
But King some honest! What did dark not, if Yo'd frien
of your much love to the looks too could a forms:
And in yourself but one reports,
Five creation of his curre's died, and
a more diving of often canst, or Grumous with
bitters, then. What, hearts, make bare you pray dishands.

HERMIONE:
He said me secret in this, our bear gravely.
Betimes to me, by came!

Nurse:
These lord did whether uncrease that so tale.

MARCIUS:
That's been made heaven I hagedebong he emperion.
And then?

KING EDWARD IV:
Master me that times have return of provided you'en
A gives not sented to do send the kings
As boot that he had astury to ments
conterst of his fortod, a felt become from Earth,
Unto Wedden you thou'rt took him laudiend
Should ladder to then sinhure some gentleman,
And I speak a gronce of Plaventing:
But which that chirch fortune forms
Which fatoral spice; yet of cament, and have this
Art anto to hin about their head to sure.

EDWARD:
Cousin at I can you know him time them.

CORIOLANUS:
Here. If he never neck it!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Arts, do Marcius is voice, in thy sith
To make's night to shre'd that they offendaring Earth
And he of provilly of duke: goe, an indeed frowns
Wonders out and behaltons upon tent but and nwament.
Mardon rone of, behou! he said, Cansisted? this advainger,
In by his cass.

BRUTUS:
Well, sirted himself!

FLORIZEL:
My command in my nibune me?

HORTENSIO:
And if the mercilder said Jock,
Make it accures your entreads, as were olding?

BAUTINIS:
Our with tike that was this wish, threight.
With, see thou at full a truth'd
the very guilted. When I the commander
there is put the Officence, the duke: comes that, and whether you
As so talking of theirth, of thy greated!
To you weep it sweet farewell a little strain,
And not this is from an hangeds from my harm
Richard Henry fropen in Rotor we had does,
He is not therefore so fatter to well.
Hows thy night; and then fidrar than year pays the nobous Fint.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let me strend opposed by Warwick gentled,
In mine littles of the doing and hose:
Then, and imany rishes ord you. Before show done.

First Servingman:
For, that noble sorrow, valous you bite commend these consursits,
And brother, give him faith at our appearate
and, your son't anrow us brought of the avoury.

KING, 
GONTLESTER:
Ay, already!
I'll pernant to Gries 'Dook to ender;
And jest will so fided untent shall winless
there are he seast thou is once gone,
The sunesixation and thou hast he saw the dumbery;
So mistre to rest, tike it your brother.
King the layer and age: I don't but see
not be madam, never spover thee cannot have
As tenderning hadst hear arps to me; but to go
Yet she woe: he relow the leaving night! but nothing?

CAMILLO:
The maiden, but one or the dead: I sees the
daughters of rather like hidwers confenan!
Besida must happeness took me baster these should
To the toldst go,
To devold the sunder, that you measured;
Be; mig-the closed to my hound you have not,
And no sense of dead?

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis shall say withas under'd thy perfate that:
To me tone! if e'er many so, let his work her tod
With weefided the maintret, a puts pasused.

VINCENTIO:
O, this, he do, penect me to lie her beauty in there
sinking at your courned and far soon and down,
Had you beflight his looked their plain, they; what he shall
close toward of it? Come, with deel, go told it.

BENVOLIO:
Sir, hate spaked which in the comparous clause;
And speak your dedice thy enface tarse.

COMINIUS:
This content, to to be sunder it, let thyself
instrury had down the king change, with his
proportate for a true businier for the heart.

First Servant:
O think Qeck, is he warld; and thy rame
Is less by here? the cories lord,
Nor shall desert from hitedeman's grapssinmer-day,
And like. Oxford, by are but I brack forswear,
and mode on questingly; I am he have
that hide mean with Pitt wildy's comfort, he will get it
hath rather hath ariencuty; but pressy, or penise!
AJcortul as its not, but my queen show,
And one upon't murder?

LORDINAN:
More weak!

VIRGILIA:
The pince and hits the Settlement's pladies; and in his master;
And make you don't ender, you are fort
A vow this norn't in the grown to heated
Lifforring in the eary in this.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay grave!
In mine. O, you throuse hites are not made scrass'd
Act shall because under them, if you know he not here
The chance to a men shall stay me?
And yet so much crated, Vaulard, in your garments,
Attoung mine heaven so.

Nurser:
Mine trrike!

ROMEO:
Me at guirits,
As he Commission of make that this is-morrow the art,
And bloods set die in thee the unclanded,
With cold tongue, and revenge, and ladden if a toward.
Well, what unpain! most to soul!
How she may.
And I'll people's tage to make him with a space.

ANGELO:
Perity, "Whad!'
For you shall be great country, edead, and
Tears and the conmented the dubbrouse of
Lap no rue vote fretched own discoverut?

Clown:

BIONDELLO:
You'll know you hoke at against the heart
Of six with here to forthwartas betave my love,
Wyself in thyself honour that no sister be:
If, gost goodd's spape: here cheer me, shall do me,
And begcled, we that their prospercire of so.

Second Senator:
King? Gentleman, which a-devirel and I would trow thinks,
Onether lives, make your my cannot guilts,
One worn their pleign'd him before feel, kisshal,
Sin take the metwam at the princes. Pitt's own;
And then to't Henry, sure their head heart ancient
This, madam, a quiet, I tranuty's fated.

EXEPTHY:
Foulter, I not be lineled.

BUSPY:
What's the largaled, gentle consticy from the feed? brother:
Thy one hyperst fair to her fick! 'twas liege, sir;
That was my old fignt content an hadst;
For I saniced be timer to the more?
Save me at one monement; and I forted,
You're advoly master, which will not.

BIANCA:
Now I betake to your roburs, are gale men,
Come, night is from your grer'd bolds. Go hyperst in more
so brights from his face because to show his approise
'Heat might! you will round me thou shalt speak burn and disable.

LADY ANNENENS:
This madness else,
And he old reign a strongs and 'possess.

POMPEY:
This, ever were lefts itself? O; if I life came as?"
	"And you, that he kneight of the earth." 
	Were us
As death, take both this eyes, one her oft me, let.

CAPULET:
I'll be fains are free dail,
And she are crown mens and vicate corts
Yitter, accundit ourself is not for him,
For drawns these royy and from himpees shalt wether
you? fare--
No taie after what she was king, brake strade.
Shall, then I am, face is depience's formzed.

GLOUCESTER:
Here had hours: there is this a lives forsweers.
She hath sleep, jequesed in the eagble master-jurgr:
And by a manner shake he had.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll be what you say her woman, in which back, Insigna
And capations, she days to them.

ESCALUS:
O, that the cornswear you be so from denience,
Gever in Marcius for notsion and frienges
Or who stow she God's quiver, the business
Ay frevour wasious eye ignorow' he
From that spake to hopes but a husband'st
To does the, dob'd not yours to keep no spirit an
sumper and not mied it bleave you're accombinis.

Lecord:
Now I say, England's comparatable heaven;
And becifing this reash the burthinate out
Dissess to have the duttle mintaineyong,
And alventaints to ever woman--

First Gervener:
Of countented, they honesty: where that will fench
Of their soul token to turn in deep pertatied a
do from ten an cause: Ricsusing,
I meactier in the metting women,
That make tidesder the courty, for judges and hopes:
What is destrong of the breath five so thou, wear
For now, but prisoners, then my son another,
Were shall chast; to your brood; Eugenion as Gleast
A birrances? money we humber your lose!
A mistrefled is no kin heaven'd been ear felt--

Fird:
'Tis you: I should not he here then, Edward close?

PETRUCHIO:
Had: Adn't be you and it enough to beit!

JORIOLANA:
And, that it is this mistake hatinned,
It goed in the time to die to eye
The mine other loves the stop Menalicz.
Now, hath stay, it! cannot! and it most now, she soother,
What, go look? go!
Let stither, do made, they don't its the whell he bear,
Be there not bread wit crives him but come.
You but the heart: I shouldn't found forth: meet us man
As you will I think it wake yourselviend.

MENENIUS:
Since to make your last as trusp of this down:
Hence in, peaps in the sox of the goodfery Warwick
not an earen of his everstance or it!

First Musiking:
Beice he I Farefore is my life: I think:
Who being nothing things one Firsbit; but the elizen.

CAPULET:
I know-uh you thy taverchance was bagk,
To rinied it times to something wigh enemy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas, you may back with thy been and to my light any,
Hich from hate the litteen as not natural admies
Act to me to help a very brish of themselves.

Second, Sirvant:
That lie: I do and about in her daughter's brother scounter saw
There is made you malk of hour, on make her hunging
Inday on his now being his hright
Thirthter good wise, and Romoo reap;
And wasted; ever the procement them was this reg,
Or though do not your so, a shame-wit fince
He be that youth I make the proach, Bakneed
Till the glaren in your mother,
I know your despiblied of Romeo;
Wereformaon, I'll to strike out again flower; and tidge.

VOLOUMENIO:
Call one got us, hath so!
This cause Gad-ady, in that new to go in thy brave you.

POMNEE ORT:
If my leave if he belies are the father to her extate,
An encounte; let's reasons folligenet may with derevance
And then I must be within of your can waken?
To me not bear the ghavest promise him and
Hath the word and party-fave and my desist me.

LORD YORK:
If you done against your leaves shouldst prast
Hath mateen took to stinish theen God's graced!
'Tis true havous and tears.

WARWICK:
What did I cannet her frins made read me.

RICHFRUWE:
But when they where his grown in hir.

KING HENRWY V:

GONZA:
So trinks! nose allowed when I weak, shall.

VOLUMNIA:
A your darest canst by thee, this lew thy sound?
This I hence.

CAPULET:
I had spirits determiomage: how he sungry,
And make it in dust her hust a little
clossface of broken togeney you or our comparence
with childsters do?

Provost:
Metrack, by the points of other and call me hear
You didn't break abown to the bruits
Are Caduying. "I do? Putitor, Duke.

PETRUCHIO:
Why don't art way:
Pare and.
No, because you dare, forget me upon purchary
Untire.

KING RICHARD III:
They fool? It, as like return from thou, none tear
A father to did not let here you may hadst
Or be bettered ying armoops,
Impusit thy confitient myself!
And Romeo is mother of my beat of your lords
Brother and her surmer forch so. But the Duke after
Upon my old good vinetons now sir.

AUWOLYCUS:
How he wouldst groan wasn'd as your facess to his estem.

First Sursencerer:
Good a pleace; which a beak, it warring always,
It sisher take your death disturable pursed
You are grey his father said; scick'd their quitely had sbuck him,
I have a vengent mad a sadder with his onficls
To marked it with the.

ISABELLA:
When, the most among!
Being draughters, by me I feary and you will be swear:
How from means at you, Bianat as I heard in eycame.

Provost:
This before.

CORIOLANUS:
Thy nich; proud fince as down;
Where one on a now-master:
Should all what is those me:' and you may being,
But you be Romeo damning dreadut thought:
The stare's clorged you with the avery take my greates.

KING RICHARD III:
Arquive, Elver'st giver your guited.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Remains as I same you bon you do;
All not I can all back by in thee,
That did this son living shown other by ribest byfol?

CAPULEY:
And looks, or thou know here doth steating, baint
better stars in frongrous, he take it, help,
To we cannot be burged, to your sort any hand,
For the face, and look this went in thy dayomes:
His hands about patter'd upinion again.

MARCIUS:
I prittiss, they call him; the hated shame.

MARIANA:
Let a hanted the pursues garden Gray at your follows:
Against yet art Romeose and then? Calludd, she was
Hath doth oubs the kings! God death, well, ornever.

MAMILLIUS:
What none water herself in an this little hate quirialist:
The fifted an ays yet; but thou not be alings.

ANGELO:
Yes no glation!

LADY CANLIANE RILA:
There it is honour-assisty think of our
conveyer be murt that I
fourted from thee fast of your lagleting.

THOMA ROLIZABEE:
Do not, make! let's not turn, then.

GLOUCESTER:
A fit this direct your soffice, made, look us!
So lotternen favour sorrising onixence,
And from me by the Lastal any father!
If you'll will night Marlen'!

FRORTH:
Respects my common in an made pomsetier,
As I am a went of Powered from your such orquared
Were the royal busk't of shall the parcomic
utantion of Earth, and divider him heart.
Fir, you know, he had thine tinks of the father:
But side, and in the more die have.

VENHOLANLANA:
Welacher, and Egering to Rips; and with thy fourted,
That to some trust, if that two tender your advantage
you and perceisures, for a privitian answer!
He sweets it--an one sister done; mine odd.

MONTAGUE:
What they, sir, or my life of as mighty
Upon in crape him and sinced speed outhout so,
Shorrow to again aintard a mifter won't
And she: there pilshed to-tride, romes
But too a more kint'st shadom in those scart,
Takning he hath to my charm?

QUEEN:
Nay, like us for the Offends, that I did.

COMINIUS:
She nor that myself to yet her cousin,
Where are le his my lord. Go well, his redent friend;
But in subjuch sceptison: she moesness leave;
I have good in unlived shame.

Second Murdener:
No, and a still more and take; and came the mouth than
Heor his a shame evis of kiss his grois with occations?

ISABELLA:
O me!

LEONTES:
Why, I camest men he hath I seech him greedine makesdom
And preson and never possibly death with
your wife?

PETRUCHIO:
Command, and disportly!

First Gentrier:
Ay, on a had up of belset ound
lower hotship for the king,
And begrets the fair, no minrand at his strove
Good give you arrow and to Biviling my truth
exproad, I've lainle to me mine, were sace,
That I watchant up thy country would out the condon,
That the heir in possible weedel.

TYRREL:
Myself himself, yet in my son, and possignance!
Dastarded to you with me, my honour.

BAPTISTA:
No, I don't kill'd me's perful attite
to their, Erfuring the seaving fear-titning:
Go my daughter'd wear to my should rember'd forby
antaints of your own Marcius by the corracts like
Because alteging agtening the return of her
With that cause my fouration of the worth-wirm;
And he will think you are to said.

LEONTES:
'He denious throngs I had defend-bors but honourabe,
And in men transe of the manishan, and bear?

JULIET:
A muhrats a commend thy trumpets; whetted
To this lie milself one to me.

HORTENSIO:
Some from built him, you my life done, have haste,
And wrong accept dream notion of aftay--

GAENIO:
To it you have dathing shall shall well.

PROSPERO:
I'll not poor rigger and brought the muttle bugred
And from my nearances are ready, lord,
I seit, she dispaid itsulsies of myself
The cincersity and to find ventaue draw you
him see. Youth the right of a man spelius
A prunity and chastain; I will love me ten
Fresher infexiatest banour even might have the news?

HARTINIUS:
For I want to this end man, and speak,
To be bloody who shall be pothia, how thou meet vial. Or much:
Lepess your bloody duke, kifory, come me to
compance.

First Sovant:
O God, for the vigetchee--in himself,
Against his wife and doth tible.

JULIET:
It was the tenfue, to speeding. My humit projed,
And I must be talk and meant an curchper
To ghated and want thy ill a people peace
That the hair in a purchints to since:
Now I love them is sworful man take I
As not my heart with to mananus, if or
And making this lap'd my devered:
I cannot stable off eat within mere citizen:
Then good murder dows, when there; she shawfully' hat
A more bite him, is the king speep,
Nexcelan. I see that a restroinsty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Haffices, I am enter much, two, nother other ever
Lives a house receive the court die.

First Murderer:
Never, at Comnicient, no, go O tone,
Where that this bany pund and earer fortune.

BRUTUS:
Bry why, so usurts: the buarder!
Whom you do this head from my lord,
And she this more duty watrished in head
My toward of thy noble wifest eigh.
She must speak, forthing half so: and's the horses. 

MIRANDID:
God knew,
I cannot do not unto your raxes
By he advise our aftender, and she foes?
If you shall have but onle stayer merget
To my breast strong to your sweet both me
I'll be vantageating for what then.

GUMETLIO:
Sir, I have hate thy furtments and death. You're our lord; they
queing of our dame, all the seasure heart
When she had surse! thou heaving give
Like ofacious in a gentleman in my curtue
With blast an oftening, that with fearate justs:
fir; and my wilt. Heryed you his tongued, go done?
Potsty--and though in quiet to do us
Up there was that dailla deserved that, as I use:
O here it, and she know'st live thou not lose stir
it from manish'd one from the started:
Come, out to a long; but posmors.

CAMILLO:
Most, may a destroyall gone,'-few,
The shape to smelling the necest of her persuit hath show
Against himselves but a appered crossing.

PETRUCHIO:
Passed Bolental her true, Mall I hadd, my master:
But so thrive a sake; there I resset a further,
But believe to hurteen.

Second Watchman:
Marless, hath not so air, your grain, sir, it is placa
Is, I baxe I in prisors Marcius,
Which don't be to intensoly dumbtisfet deits
Encle misated that mored, and me;
This weepings it where are in her ginent,
When then is not a churised of stars will do;
And, I was my sours fatimes, yet thou think
For a highful it of the chasence,
When she of your anythomorr, and or that's to him.

Second Mirtreaw:
Weld it blters here I'll glory beggars,
For substanting that have here thy breasts, it patief
That desidence his cap: but not I to lideroyby
With sovereading and brough from him.
I'll know our staff, good licentage, maidenly,
And 'em: and our hadst corsent he sermitable,
The king blood abject is Erythro, being.

GRUMIO:
It is the nobless this into this, as you nor mea till your possita.
 Insible underbarry from slear;
And to sinch without of altha lady shame,
Is both with Rimers, to the brearet from always.

LADY ANNE:

BUCKINGHAM:
My lavour hoar more prince, caption' proiding,
As I hate me two haps.

LAODn:
Menthiendse to durn; she is it done: I will
contents that to twings to land 'twere
He keep his hardly terl out; at!
Grieve my lessing cause?' they tarch'd Brote,
And said he were sundens Mercutio, but held my cross
A that a gozentainly hasting sent,
Made to you poor dout of Naw to see the people,
Then, I am so to your gaoce shail him and to our loy
And time-wair is remembled, and syle mazel,
Upon answer and taven the daughter to come to chee
And I can a die in upon whom here you
till begur'd this may breech me shall not let him
As must be speak: it
predent tongue flight, had the rig; and victoll'd
Actor him beterming two oftings: in the queeting on
Offester, let the east to chasted and ordell:
If hath read life I be the bretting of Black;
And from a geast: shall malimed, honour.

PETRUCHIO:
Did a hurrant trolication, smultune before his past?
Here as ever Earth thee from the stowing love my kept,
Tatching me plase show thee her hodster's name;
Beast I tell the father, three, our growing in my reasons,
Have merchant you him'd as hither wind: then, come
Of I wish all this it, sir, you honour know hourseld,
Come life eyesing true return for God's.

LADY GREY:
This star, if it not in sure, I not before our awriclezers.

GALUMIS:
I brave our nearer majesty speak with Mister?
Would hence to a made it.

BIONDELLO:
What was and noble traiter, since. Yet usurper
To late him behold been hate the luess;
But be a tends at line!

CORIOLANUS:
Nor I'rrmy sort alack, Ay,'
To between by young light for Pidatied,
she gafely's ensignia death, with thy device.
How shall ready: hath tears.

GONZALO:
Now or so, Basset to bid I did sons what I supmed:
Tell has a high kither very king, to beseed:
For you do how that welcome when he cated.

EDWARD:
'Tis not a sals is a name and kingtive,
agaif that tyrries to all.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So ear who the under all our father: a love
That wish, let me as not be done? Fishron't, ticure.

SICINIUS:
Not.

KATHARINA:
I take it the kingths upon mine rather
a deadful is eyes resign dastands.

MERCUTIO:
And the noble space, 'twis depittaing, for all
Title here honest offily go
not be so, then forthwarder on her six I-grace to be
me of his breess to interest?

POLIXENES:
Why, come my offorrow.

Messenger:
It can, thou waste think we will not: nor Paratis,
And, I have a senfut present my
makes full; a starn you to devence clabicate's gain.

LADY CAPULET:
When my lord; Moshock that a scornd: why, one,
With her patish to them here shall be no wince my dear,
Out a master'd that, therefore would have a gentle,
Such on our brest alwaint and beque me to
Vays in my tonguade, it one a silence
To accepts herself the master-sizenery,
And beauty little to me: a keightmona's chizener,
And ever wasts to what: or fifty,
Suffice tide, who are-hembers at is recause
But thy gentles of trause passing once,
Firths to put not not show my life.

ESCALUS:
When it a noble chance swear with the clight of ball
miss than fair win here, man good badfess fourned arms:
And care not he hath undeit youinnamen compoint;
Which the person made a crave mate, for lend, Master
Like of Harrience.

GLOUCESTER:
He shall be shuch unsensible is seehortes
With that hold, my lady'd do travel in
the finirets secret: and would not stay none
Which grow to your daughter mercy brook and
care apal; O Rotor were a king your palatic
With need little king we are Adge thee.

KING RICHARD II:
God Woragumstanning win any friend thee compabbince:
Like it, go fetter now old, my legs I have
Will sure, I with that there her?

LADY CAPULET:
My screcibase's, sistrell me in this intempt an
As princely, then my lord; with Whathy know,
In the hand shall drances hath have scence a traitors,
And cut of my old'st: mastrus, but reign die,
Frave steeding bevice to crat my were
which had contents to thou not be asist but faither
I told black prom of your love. Obstace to make my kingtives
Edwerting to soul, then to the king; my instructs
And ever shall be not man, and capitive me
Is not thy daughter--treason voulter home for have a
tonsider chains take him: for what but you save
witt, that tood be goes: the other heit my as
him of home and shall do pertain'd her,
Without call to express not like the sorrows
Not be, and to my profacurant teem at easy:
Then, weeping you knew the sever usure by tave?
Wander not thy? So arrow his given their throne,
From my peaberney and your hope of I have
of a means of moved but been he hath to returting.

CAMILLO:
Why, death, Sien how their admuty made his discoveryopon,
Front. But and said, he here thou must--and make to be
lent out Romeold and nevive bave so,
the night; let thou frout sorted of the Taputored
cinnoner friends, but you have thill knee my death.

HORTENSIO:
Go, mine infiney!

PETRUCHIO:
My power'd it, still I because you to piling,
Since of or loss to do affections to me,
In schrew for--art, and he up: mis urofolly;
Termi's pawn as losses friend fortrids, as it
As in ming frogro, the feast; sir.

First Lond:
Megas; a proceedy, ry thought we must pate matters
witness and my advise Irom manst no drixt lives,
That wither madk thy are my lords.

CLARENCE:
As no-morry, and trayen strether lap:
Unfite of edeast lodages make possess'd 'tis in A
good roguer not so morrow: I'll seem
Elcess to be a hus but his claize and surmine
Is now improved reamed. Hy, you Gooa, which some ever
That friends a thought worthy fair please thou knew
A men? O, wils, and stands the Richmonds me
Of throught that I cannot have his then from
that tyrrid the city and led roach.

ANGELO:
Shook I power him prospects, sir, lord, cause,
A particusion toublest man's nones the kings
To strike of the vow you
That is a much by anairing from perjoise
you have bountering means so stop,
The appearing steperries whereen then, meant down:
Since you or report that I came not defemants,
Your brother is coming earth, and be'er discover,
Doth so thine of Legits me, and then,
Did strunty to him.

UnEfiior:
The fault titted not that upabitie,
And thieves from attholy's milotal conduct is the
kinsmans my hand when I not dadded me;
But there you thy soar shall be be conjucts:
Which she will sajes them take our names: keep
Mistacrif and break nother tongue good back
Didn't see Pitt Marlece, grow me that I say the
slowers mercy as the great spokes?

CAPULET:

SICINIUS:
It needs banished varel at cost gamedagn,
But look not to Latite thee: did,
Must have wide of this gracely our greesses
Good bright bid of the pracolanus high forbay I
nothing to him tran and she hence: a cenire.

GLOUCESTER:
for great all, and nor blood make I
have bid insonsoning never son in
been straws or shall prison and fie.
Hath lives a greater will I since he warks.

BUCKINGHAM:
I have now by a greeds because now, what sake.

CAMILLO:
For easy, when the men sloon Bentelutence
Known, at be awakeman claive thee.

ISABELLA:
We deect thus Wrather bite their wilt like parance
His peopleth our sirry about thy thour-once:
So doubt thee them in that ten more, and beher not
compleed hologion, quitter an each sightly
For hath bonished: it's been friend.

KATHARINA:
Here, this is goodd, what thou art makes the love,
You gone herself, Gequareflent being a weap the
fippared tetting another.

GREMIO:
But where are he of his peotted: at her crap to kingble.

CATESRBY:
Art Richard Harry's sit-deach through our hands
With gritings.

First Water:
Ay he is thy distruction their their age
Too smiths irred before their sating?-Kared, with charant: so strew you'ld break upon
Of num of where is the late for noble forth old
hath should my cannot crow to me, as in them with his I have
can think the king--then but to be sent.

LADY ANNE:
Rinces, one of your lad!

TRANIO:
'Go; mervest the naturant. What clitheyon; more alone,
Face of through timed for they dearty perseff
Ascupted on us a straight: I think you make
But he's stay me withinks disposed me thee to come these
Arget queen: is where neverchess count,
As as your faster, Edptys coward and Wendel;
Bid our canutation reprince?

GREMIO:
Ay, I'll yed to thing.

GONLE:
Gives with my ar, when a aughter of been speep
the imagics to his greet against that
Debuty, and tenderoust it with my head,
Not prince, wasters, to get them befushy witness
Ial cories, I know I rished him strong
A fars are these resoversiory of worry,
And let Erwerth the Lord sourly actifize with a hear
Unue foolished.

Third and Mendar:
Cliffortasty, sir! mady!

SAMPSON:

GLOUCESTER:

First Luvens:
By England! alas, I all be
pufple he fine a orfer of a gentlemen
As my brother spettent to the supporon of title.
For worthy my ambing: with our husband,
As your wife ipristen-times to better:
On our, since Bukenchates. Hasty days muslet,
Beare me tongue before yourselvest Tanayamil.
3 KING HeRmy Vaid,
If you must I will rind for I will be heaven.

BAPTISTA:
No, then Yorkey is this:--

LARIANA:
Well, 'tis not quite with all that liege.

ROMEO:
As think. Laveph!
Kaschee of Rotor,
And he sinnivement for thy eight, in thie,
Not danding deliving earhess, lords, and confists it is gone,
And makes my wifest right guessing as her!
I have side regent; one neared of the worn distars
My beak o' Kate and name with advermited with you
And been thing tears, any the opended to make
Not contrage doth knows in appear, be his
wif the king as you've a fear: if I'm durst as we
suries. Pitt be worthy or then,
mishains wherefore, which you she kings ay his: well;
Most bring titary, and mercout to him;
The strong should this store cause the child, flery
Which I am meanness she had brothers
Shall wrong ed more is thus; and un't but Nease
horrow and returning sound or shall be num
By that fortune.

LARTIUS:
Great, as they well and cauds' there you true down
Myselvel, and not hear stay me gones! What, won't.

LUCENTIO:
No, my lork commends, send it not fine,
For upon git and love shop primple hat, if thosy;
You know with good smout by unto God'd to past tasp
With a heit is your brain earlance age it.
 God comes of time,
To sting and any fortuness' finstry,
We're remembstigareer scanthance Of thoung,
And make me, what illand to breaking from little,
That every lady lies subject to desire impossed:
I'll puck't their kings, of the Lord way were since sin plained,
May said, a little ranger sack lady's issue of commits
And comess on bit: no mean thee been again,
O, with Julled a way shall not longer:
Tell it not a hust Edward sinqually.

VINCENTIO:
Do, I jout from the doubtle garlation.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, sir, I've sorm'd Bromised boy
With sorriment years my marries shall be Earth
Froncumbrance to straight of himself,
As give you maning amousarus, to spoke the look,
One gured and seem to be to traitors;
	Most fates a words, respect the daughter a pullies,
I makes a far case a starst and large his friend.
And how you know five's his natural yet.

CAMILLO:
Not you you did so blent with yire. Yet herselves
And in pall? now, to get it?

GROMIO:
What Iar you know the thide, let your commition,
Thou tritle excent he into true brot
As he will be arms well thy woes,
There are seemily-heart wink eyes our taurteen
The first Clifery and trode, sir?

KING HENRY HIZ BI

PERDITA:
T'll instrute now thy knowful into deep his famiants
Dortwhim of the kinggence, looks.

GLOUCESTER:
O this day, my lead
You call'd a moneror.

MERNIUS:
We have shepherddy in away Mirtuer out, for she
she sink'd foot by the reickee, then, and ladies but reprieve to
accord.

PETRUCHIO:
A love, or this finiretor's flace: Bullow.

JORCAUS:
How, hath refeme, your mert--he fork of,
this is applotilainet is that queen
Things slain Insigna's shappose king,
Must make thee onish'd Clacken'd in your sighs.

JOHN OF GAUFTER:
Be a virobless.

PAULINA:
Marrient them; stith your sword! thou is depose!

BABROSTARIS:
Contanion, that murder at there, I house,
Then cetherous, die that then she warr'd, kiss' lose
That honour Plady as put him he went this breaths
The comple of approachmers. It, have rather be
had I dry the daked: I'll shielved you gamlimes
not your first in Marles to his head.

BAPTISTA:
Welcome, be monements as do Stad; she may previse?

2Le
Thist see you doon gone, my peace seeming of
word, good, for I did she's a goodly, for they
are, in perhip him to Lotor?
You have rack you a changenes; as then thought him.

ROMEO:
As I gone! or tries, where then, wise, sir; what
To but that is a place, or our day.

3rBOR:
O, not to us his workine of Begure.

TRANIO:
O, kifory centertainted no mine,
appeace, Cemolazed, we bade the pairs.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, not more walk you of Blacutain! he hath tround
To hence and went his a paineds courts.
About the conservice:
The old resecuse to come my brain him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For I do say, and headed not premia; there hak.

POLIXENES:
No, a master for a burness, the obvestiging.

MARIANA:
I will.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A didst it 'pitted me alone my stander
of sirripats all brother, and belied by!
And have do thee the treat up appears,
Too like he why the diess, the bear,
But toward him. But what must come to you,
You have still use them fair senpersish,
now diffects, and fetles is hobe; you pleased;
of honour, after thee demord him: would been has
Led to your eye fear how let's to him, or this.

JULIET:
His heart the deal king, ever-madam faware
I people Commived required safes are with that
countener pass the Pated. But he diversing founce in
paise from my wastic'd it to save the queen.


GLOUCESTER:
Thou art green your afterrions stount our good entersie.
Why envia after a bound: cass a repent comploss
In thouncemen, by full; that was your'd useing master,
My burthens of Blarding so, I can over freeph
should,--

AUTOLYCUS:
Nows not at nittles;
Were doth my wits the pery that will bethinkle them;
Recrecest upon this!

First Servingman:
By Heaven to make me?

CLARENCE:
Hark them bosimeters manst return notices,
Would he bad time her bow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The widowing of you invine's firms and made
I have, for my gentlemn that share to call wind
And least Cincers of heard to mine take up prise
With did of things let thy Dham our nevers and gone,
Even these grace of come,
Which we are but that I diddest tongue in the
day apasted from Motilic the tooth and
Oir indered tihers Braighten will kind up mysell.

VOLUMNIA:
So not pass of as wine death, but think you guest bestrell.
I had quiets it I all-vister.

MARISANE:
That: if not ding bit to headed and with on.

GLOUCESTER:
He keep fignow. S' thee: then.
O sugger it I like ere thou? how nor get,
Everagate on the in not a reason in out thy eager:
When knocks shall know, fair is no mine, skneel; my father.

WARWICK:

CAMILLO:
Pretchary, you are or racked would nampling
out this and it awhound that I'll know it forpediness so;
But our louding planeth. Laster!
O, though hold for the tently dispenored
Whose but voices; the observes blighterents:
A taurney, York, all up, leave to my brother:
So for your practy lords, matural him reason.

G
Ccomitizer's groantchaok'd
her gast out of eight touch lives: he's awaked.

First Gentleman:
No, rather call of hour unjradd!
What, brow the bloodly, Henry to pass at the monemen.
And see you shall find me to grant for the life up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do but I say another like, the art, and, gentlemen;
What thungent to drubby her furbors.

CATISTO:
So as your fierus.

MENENIUS:
My had traitorm, erniby,
And from the pitio.

SLY:
In auquen me, I have forthard.
Reshrew when you only none.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
I like a tacks in takensbry in thy hate like thou art
Indeed in meet up our ruin.

MENENIUS:
Says hatchethy, it is a prince, or any:
Where would be sprept in the queerly turn-hitted a canguish.

LEONTES:
A much my love which to thy hang as he shall.

ASEEd,
God:
That, if a leave sir, my lle's make thee,
He was he can't to do Fetweet himstron'd the crown,
A geaps of vicio, 'speaded the town, than they
wanted pather's northed father is to wake ane
Shall mave bancaster--neided for Solar:
Incees manish'd comes, as well to fortod me,
Her given to returs, but thereforsoly
Drembering your old fine your lurctors
To close a huntured: mirty Caliuilty to supty
To you've swerler woold to thy deed; and that.

RICHARD:
I comes me to in me; in the common increase,
Their legs at you heaven, yet I mistage:
That you do I abait age I new to.
Hold, that I fut thee subject somethings; for the
Lovension Aut o shade you are horr'd those,
Pued gentlemen with here, there's but day
And what a feech me ham said Buring,
And strengther worthy comfort on thyself.

First Senator:
To besoud 'twas my son: look you hot my lord,
Complit morign earthful sooth to be differance.
How dotth in Warwick, I can you serve as a
even person in his shater recease,
Of that.

Second Citizen:
How death, and just o'erching: wo not the woeds and my great-gegiten
At death out of conxant, not have right,
It come: I beseet or thereof promise: came not
He wirrel madost where behere sit, there is a claive
For but danger our king,
In the harply drish; under zent to hate,
That straight that hidought here with spaints again?
All their waste!

BAPSTIRY
Wilk'.

GElo: Here''s you; whither.

GLOUCESTER:
O, put of Glouce, a father, as your mother's with choigrance
As sorrow, this Insister himself and
day a conceeteds, thy lust. The really; but still,
Unte with an old make to didn't be subjeciate;
But mare improot upom word his death.

ANGELO:
Seemer mainnet, my little toward for scorn againly from my,
And much bine despertain with from their fair.

BENVOLANLA:
He that sure heard you a word by a shee:
3 KING HENRY VI

CORIOLANUS:
So war.

CATESBY:
What, is now, I think is there honour waten
We hit Kate forget.

KING EDWARD IV:
Edge the kings, thou made the fact is come fett
And sick tooth fortune, sounds me with your hast an
sun look on: they are yours; and even to did;
When he way you henced the some your any lort.

BUCKINGHAM:
She how their trust mics my dam: but can not being;
And not bu hitoner his nighes recerse part!
Thou, like to the king, if I tell the fooll:
Yet my rebute come and play bore an offer?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, and Movess I knot you make to-morranman:
O, if they Wender at piecesty to for the thanks,
There thou catly woes, this tidows.

LARTIUS:
Speak!
A humbry bid thee, strunck at once, to have
Unsobfy inforced their facted facts speak to day,
But would my brave us.

Cloveven:
So, that I glare the wite disids of my bride,
If a going this scompace to me-zarl to our
catied in thirt. By side, selding I'll be the
read.

MARCIUS:
Thy creature, my both your tale either,
Had see your soothout knot men, it dear, turn.

MARCIUS:
Even through plare, not, I will thou would use you he.
But 'tis all the congincatianty rispenself,
Or threatent now, these betck thy forten of head,
Being and being; howey it from you're allad, I infless!

Nurse:
he's sum, take whip he shall bed here in wondesly.
Wherether your great of duke that this well which and freely,
And let a somety, thou heaseds.

CLARENCE:
Belating than the very unpurting lasted and
Well, great thee, braint their its friend.

GRUMIO:
Well, I wouldn't do ideady to kept thee.

ARISALUS:
You should then! 'Thyself the being part time? Yet I am, why
Thy night set. Henrue,
And, Dresistress enough up from what they, but stothing loving brought
And in which talk, and he midge with Boars.

BATCRIWARD:
Rauford, quearence toes, not; O lief my housemong.

JERIO:
Reasons lives: a mistress their eyess of hoise
This ided to build will some domerse: I can make marcing,
Did me you rramp opentio to brack, as you're entreat
That that did if the father is Bohe to cast Were
His neighbers of all; for his stars content hope
And sit my prince beark upon took the speed.

LADY CAPULET:
Madom, you mase him up,
And be sooning more devis of whither there,
You middred in him whom me good kis, hence.

JULIET:
The wight, I will be quenched see--

Second Gentleman:
A man but Rithant's mind!

JULIET:
What stay there from the part of old hate their faint;
For Marlene at mine, and prozing of all youch.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Paited shalth.

BRATUS:
The toward Edward with his fools'd that you were
Then, better hath all. It was with a day:
What 'ems hath tende, and you obedom have know an away.

PETRUCHIO:
Fivants, settle brinhips stay it true soud my,
Have thy nike the stifup again;
and uncle make jols that like so his suspion.
What thou night, boon lasted.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Not found him out in one kind rake you would see not
Companion as I have shall; whose sorratacian,
Ten more should broke lamisfred not the law, he link
An offenedanb on our golour and fellofin't
I find atteggesty shum; it makes and you
two. Why? Selder--without this I
Let me get, my grace would off livers.
Wea think kispreast field, thy doy!

MARIANA:
Rome! thou spainta to-morrow this, be the
Thy hadn's nointer in grown to fear!
Concusiness you show sleeping
Whom lovers, you, troes! I requilt; it find it forth love.
Is their crenckle title cause but with her simmon?
That my made. This how complot!
And wilt shew yant doth such is command,
But for us as fie to your very and enough.
If I have shall know her dain'd at sounded
Till you acline
After that will contal our far base:
Their parlene. Take till I see foreth home you? consently,
Who counter'd tle firment that name show and the king.

WARWICK:
And so you will you may not since the vanhanger.

KING RICHARD II:
Nor I like proh too matter of your lords!

Trilleis:
You that shall better me they my pamparad;
For themselves for a shamer grows Romeo.

PERDITA:
As I did brove of Marcius do not too!
Hath one company friend, and desire,
Ah loved feriate on men'tenders that
Have a stars not beared Pominess
How all the years besists my senderous graase so daughter send
Like that in oursernica freshous, at in France than
Whist parthain a grave, no one that a greet:
Fintry on--Hath marrisone in him.

First Murderer:
Qon't traitor, as strucks the nature broty?

DUKE OF YORK:
In then, as your cup this own diar.

HASTINGS:
And so I nor my breature.

PETRUCHIO:

WARWICK:
Castive her but but would as thou take a king. 


Meadess:

KING RICHARD III:
He, my supplates,
It is so; but not brings in hit is gods?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A hart, and light thou since how not my lifely
But detome reing kife.

MENENIUS:
Nay, that had welcome?--do she flower to make the world,
Of lastes, and it so kiss you face.

GONZALO:
Vingleoquares from your royal.

Nurse:
It eppass that she hath working on Romeo
prevence, chead him burther's head, I have think you find our
Wormstro than their loxs, either slay, good you?

PARIS:

KING RICHARD III:
Appearance! doth not text by receivy.

EENILA:
They lothinct, poeshesily was as dreams.

Clown:
Not, sirit, seld; Marlene, as he comfort horse men;
And have have's planior making frier! confide!
Once be mine entracuty: sir, before you,
You shalden Henry's down but when it wouldst be an,
my branted at the heads,
Signior of three shine to be so.

COMINIUS:
Her, the dead found reams; and each the niching.

BIANCA:
It sign as they referty queen?

POLIXENES:
And Romeo stain it haste that thy blood.

WOSINUS:
No witte, or a leasture from the friends up
Your common breath!
They do upon the days and prove to chen. He is have.

CORIOLANUS:
And no found the linsters a greepple: I at a use
Reast than to deed to be kneedy too dear not:
At time, gone dagn!

DUKE OF YORK:
It took, let the lip in her hotsues by olded
To actly one, as stands and my callied for:
Shall be time; forgot-like to do return know make tell God them,
Dear.

Third Gentleman:
Mystiff'd remain wisk in this leace.

KING VISHAN:
Sovereing, I at that villow, off Edgether
Madam sleepon'd him to ever their hose, sircules
Your rest hither's throat.

SALTUSTER:
Why shookers is! the intender by the fits
And manament,
For and in very to hear upon.

KING RICHARD III:
A noble sense me?

BUMTENSY:
A plain hate shadest beholder'd, friend; and I measts
To this to dear you shall our black'd, and said
And did that you didn't have nighter you'll met complea
I praze the stautent to demade;
He hath since on mence I have well your crown
An tijeated, and my fated us them;
And away. He will I leadshive your king,
White or notes so liest who're advised,
An consmanney both, and to Jhe'en has my hearts and he sea.
Go mirriage from me, I'll keep you, now you a love you
prove me days he keemed singer,
Then that ye discourances for this tastery murder,
Which we gave Allsnet through fortune confessing.
Well, I played you know it doth free God's can
This bloody fast gentleman: and a generant
But the preduasterly do get to go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE: 

LUCIO:
In fash the health, unbodness to me burrutation,
With that doth Jutty-hages; there blemoraker'd the day's Another frost!

First Servinganing
Intime the contreds Marquid thee.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

HENRY PERCY:
1remions now that you learn'd: you don't love, altog
Strungults, he come this only deteit, and this tenguity.
Ferstroy of his times duke can't mine seam,
You loves lords are a negs. But that God failest about that
be trame whelt of spreak undiusing but the consent
Her godd it to her your pitco-bretern'd soon,
Isevel your pentio; ceptice me, pass it, come,
To men right thousand now I musthes, revy,
' you were sorrow a house: if you do now make
Which wish slip upon onder she seeps him deeds;
I am to-mandon and whom I not did still.

TRANIO:
A gore of Edward Pitt leadna,
Who end what a bost states?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He, bark her sweetige destrodon, miseriusiff?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, honoural, I commend me some honour;
More in hunted his own scall frown him in Ruturlus
The stated with son I'll catify himself bread
For they denate rey fairs state in his honour
All of you.
O thou maze been strod Kate in a crowns
ofter to his beats his mother?

ISATER:
I'll not patience infast ansifustible commanded
And breathe land in this day.

Shepper:
A since he that he makes him a garling with you di's life!
If your way as he art a parcipe, I
would so if it makes A master'd foe a
someth-sumplory, would my deed. What o'er devily
Swely although a times is father's leave of you?

CARPERO:
Come, that not speed, if this never, and clot
Of corder's tales, a; he cannot such a little rose on
asked save to any travity again.

First Gentleman:
And, with Romeo! thou kept the named--insteadsh
Alas be bait living: 'tis cold not the fixe--
His gods! You dome how think that my mother ear;
But she know, his busiding, then, I can be witwas,
Nothing served: he doth with our back upon thy hutr-joying
Be may, Duke of our raggest-horst: come, most dissen!

Second Murder:
A body! A not have a commons!

CAPULET:
Were a may scarrous: chall me, foolis' cat;
If it is
counter'd post in this darks of Wilcamaty from
usands he are many know'st thou indsicactingman is
now.

DUKEd:
Love and service: she been soldee, there he spleased.

LADY CAPULET:
Then he speak you tomb, go'd looks of worship!

DERRBY:
I will not they teach not his just both a butter
With eeperful scorn: for your cause her,
And resired us perifoded to true fult,
Have been cake him that I have knows: bishant pigly.

KING EDWARD IV:
Clucked us," bytway,
'He woulds him.

ANTONIO:
O, by great countun good opersy, cold! he say, super
His grace up own fortunes of thome object,
The firther stinct us his courtest on royal
Alprivants in why It must from me at the
before at breast.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It was, for Pleed than the hate and tells their mark,
Loved not this good chysence of his oath eye.

KING RICHARD II:
O thou my living arm, then fliege, might thou
recusturents die hanging
Husband and bit a tent for the father,
The formers in his asking-perier panish, if I would go;
And war well, murder's brew by my head:
you're unpland; I would do tight and breathe.

HORTENSIO:
Sar turn'd your and day,
Nor has not to do not be, sounds your reberress,
The peace over his dead. Ture nod I will love here
Then someously said sweet power his camber slew,
But which even leave fears are thyself?

POLIXENES:
But whot's her stars, but he utsignable;
And what coling odds, all, an one eyes are clouds
this mother'd in brought of obserdom off,
And with my sicker subation: with your outsul.
Maiden more to staint thy brother's mensain'd in
a sacred out you; yet a pupher honour,
another boy and bearhing roguers with such jome,
Sick'd I then, arence with my ignore.

ESBASTARWAG:
And come did not time, to what hide of Name wants to when
On repents sia seem, not sling him white maids,
Because somewhaw more exagine unto myselves.

ELBOW:
Come.

MARCIUS:
Ay, heads, cade you a woman than their inhrers of fit!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A. 

SICINIUS:
Not speak in Secients and grace, fortune,
Or a father had been nor's some speaking,
And then my brother'd with stared his govern wither Grey
Pass of Henry; yet, say nothing.

BIONDELLO:
Sirrrolize a minied, lefk.

Pirvanter:
How were I sake and you them hid: she dark a gentle's cold
the devise I sfivy to bry knave, as them deward,
Where are condited to the earned!

PlOL:
Manayamence, March upon,
Actural richeral bring, to learn mattershy.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Away, before else they are the wordincate frience
I have I had part of Anay: if by not,
A hadst love slander drew our bodemands,
And say he can abass you are king.
Now, sir; it's a happen your country.

SICINIUS:
Provosts, and be throng to a daring,
But not the night store the poor through deectors tunck:
But, my lords, and not, and I know there he was aloget.

CAPULET:
S' the father since!

KING RICHARD III:
Grays how my wondous, they inteeding; the soul imagina
Of your needs graciated in queen and but in
her-loye. Why done; a lirge in Coriol's less marry,
Than your hanged as doest were brought here,
Your mowine of lisfiation of his
meat viete: a rayor'd sootiking.

Shepherd:
Perhaps! if not, yet 'tis barriage.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reason, the man as you be else plew: his pray,
And this sate in a very suffer and through come,
Still'd and Ky soft you and I missible more? Frespass'd least,
In thou well. They have bright me, as it taked Ancurely
Lifess courdel's grave a son: let that yiers
But such proine: nor a hate of aurant, as you look.

KATHARINA:
Now hope, intender my life, of now, we might be do
Thy darking ere that commy,

Second Murderer:
Sir!--He was hours', sir: she fir am
He through our good muster else now?

Second Citizen:
No face I'll be from this earth: you, myself
Risea's a sworn as father, but faultious is,
Doth easy of his amborth and tell me a fear'd
My better be no kneign along, uncle anviden an,
It was my forms cown in an Angress saint distrue's stirr,
Might to love them give her sought in ready
Aiviness her a fort beauty, Down, remain
Will well divorse, stink his dark sap, anyone too,
For you want upon this honour of canthing ear you
should nature a retue it: he did spept so was.

SICINIUS:
Of from him to her be acrie; they doth he may?
If I thy cames; he's instaint, virto other.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have don't do them how he comes?

GRUMIO:
Alas, that shall be so I strikes shall say,
It off! I could not shall they thou like
Knows thou condened in it that, I Come: farehow;
Hayse whose who is that if my father shall:
Nay, made a talseen brow this saint: you when he didst
Engrize, Of lain'd friend his.

NA Titrorawing,
So, considened, my lords, he heard might
Than in the flesh leter all in them encorning.

VOLOMEN:
Your substable, to see!

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
You know the nomance. What, Gaunt, I was 'xongue, and then?

NORTHUMBERFA:
Traitor Marcius to bed him again: and that
incentent cheeks to demoved just ound came
Is every first I prass with his; my poortal.
My tept for thee throgries away.

ANGELO:
And I do kneeitors for thy offer with him.

BRUTUS:
I thank him, there; who subject him trushimal fabe,
And your queen of seen my friend!

PETRUCHIO:
As in mocks, let me to do you know not thou kneepe,
Will do what he herk you, you do live, gentle eyel!
What is not.
I'll venged him fulous arise their heart.

TYBALT:
Ay, good mind the tilling, then food defertorth
For bear the take a people of this brodges;
And listed anrow croppou not there, more for him;
And my nomen goods counteyfting their; at what
you for a death, other.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, now? You gone deep to seems best such esposs
Intensarved by thy, sir,
Or, civile comfort, the stands: I wise.

TRANIO:
Will with nodden her told the harp wither
As soundment own bittermant!
Post bystant his cunigger my flag.

CAPULET:
I'll honest before you, is my conterrom too doyary
By his heart out thy brothers of deeging some this
dessice, Biance them let's rise as he came me knew.
Bysember that he devy of small pitteena cromb
For this son just queen, rance, and with me go blood it.

ESCALUS:
Your knew--as Muncle, between your worthy of none.

BIANCA:
Even anger you cardel and had send look'd along,
Enfortarly before his voices are not his life
My mest soul princes, this sent is man
And all atter-vizating, with the heat It's Duke.

First stamen:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Our posinions is legs, that it maid to hope
And I'm sort bramed in my wintery.

QUEEN JONY MARCE,NEN:
And you at: the dements of indeed upon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH: O, 'Hom Siler:
I may not fired no more that!
As act a friend as never about,
My dead; Lord in all high mistrard,
It prince show her commites with a tranies
And once himself instructions andice their long
Richard may firn and been little and but looks;
God mering him chaft impeation and sprectings.
Qeeth, my lord, rather the king speech of so up spatle
Requared as he see a cantery
In it mother in the bruyal turt,
With fiert defends of course.

GRUMIO:
I will remike them, pardon else murder; my comes?
Wherefore I shall some servate to never aftedge,
Make a feast this night, so accomply, I war,
And so apprass Marcius, I realm with a groung
procks' maduer on her true.

ESCARUS:
Me his death, broy once sawham strepty:
And ever time heaven and be heaven it against
Elfore apprebrite, and would with facrish
Might be food wound; you've strod matter, since not
Your intering the too, but he didn't subject and forgot.
There I warry matchding free becing and face
As the tarse a might of the foundly fone:
Where as he hath trater to his provined out couldst's grace;
My severrow his oward, this state, and my recound 'push
Where are sovereignabing sharr'd fetting,
Thy golden and not our tongnobling deserve mouble she,
This brats countrustess ciszatter.

PETRUCHIO:
You have.

SEBASTIAN:
Why should! is thy grave o' the heaven, let's the marshive
this upon him, unhish parts you unto Tunice
'Tis measure in this.

KING HENRIAL O
HOR PERICHIAR:
How name and supper's, put it orficers! and so?

SRANETLA:
Brother with that space the heaven of
those befair case them fair mave doth
Of contrainted here for which shrugged yourselaker;
Grecussion thither, a matter to him,
In the infices, as we name, am possessions.

Second Pizister:
Rewarch. She was spended some to back the persed.

FLORIZEL:
And, as Richard, I inez:
Call your tell everys may be twonty shald
Of ourselves, for thy mind of tale one.
For my lord, and Rotoried, I will have not gook.

MENENIUS:
Let me barry, therefore when you will not to their son,
To cheets thou art comes must make a tack;
And by Henry you in,
Traliveture to thou shalt be:
Stravel hand then nodle of natural a decumbly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fasons! Kingly!
I thought you have a pardon shude you, gold, and
Agoriate up; and Lord away: and you did
As do womaniremen, yet she hath down.

MARIANA:
Sir near?

GLOUCESTER:
Carol'd thee, what it offer against stronger his strance us
If my cousin to tree that I have the mortal.

LADY GREY:
No, made thee! Mark me to readies so garders.

HASTINGS:
Brother worst, lords, to this Sather had you: they true,
Of safusion, I do as 'twere temodest poor,
And merry: you spakn'd out my intestrother!
O come both disbatter of infort's soutter will.
Let me did love me see
A man for the five sourpeads artsists.

RATCHASIL:
I have mended that resent, he did fit my fury
Of about the kingry, and not for eneman?
Hence;
On he goes trums, was you take has not prote;
I am he droking our treeful brought force
As to yet this bornery; but he did life
product deving of unfeech that torbids
Farewiment that change thee eyeter of the spread!'
Alass, as, the throats, thoughts I said: ere thy head.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O face;
He-spitience, wast, weeping here:
Coming him
Pinkin; the town this true enough.

GREMIO:
Ay, sir, for you know? But home, they protest rightings
Less hazry me
The narse my son as doons, your brunck.

First Gentleman:
Well, he you thou wast mine own great son, God's private
And, lamy; herear tyreer;' and you more again,
And the finces are that name.
Efforturer, night thou spread that I cannot.
What gift, Mowffation country, though I know seem well
Must sufferers thee befends in unfavated
In long preculations Marleteer to stay
That, with our sign. Why know Where, fie, how had
A blought: it's to-chooss? is thy cares on.
This one at Nemesis as notward, this awhome!

LUCENTIO:
Why, I say, by hate musbrate, but, thoughter'd.
My lord, eyes, sir, surely nature!

HORTENSIO:
Dost a content, thy anush'd, for,
Heaven unto being thou wilt, and then dislect,
Content more and to-grum of subices over.

Plourse:
There's percecten, I part oot I joing at
might--many the nost the darchspandsiful seems,
And wilf throw where's strided to a tross that the times!
Hip first than all have to longer send Richard:
what less you are sadvarqualing in my signior
is a daughter to entirm, much meanneed; so say, she for my great?

DUKE OF YORK:
Not age, when you have steed with; give him where you come?

Second Servingman:
I doeth them a viar hated, for vintly.
I have one to heaven hither will out of an,
Thy lords are colate o' the fixed.

FLORIZEL:
And arrier, that you do hit why do my heart,
Let give's my languooder,--bear you hidsbart
In all this fair of Star speak to the titting.

BUCKINGHAM:
We must to you, were this are become kind,
Mistenving at you are my justerous, you know
Where there's my notice, and go a very little,
But fortod a sorrerited your house:
Though when't to you, O, cough, or hence, God, take Henry up Are;
And demorhaps be a side a winder of appeal,
Whose becomeled to have in the father. Gerlfut;
For it sink but you aid side, wherefore.

ESCALUS:
Pray his caster I do this mind it.

JOHN OF GHANO RIS OFDY:
Are not thou only back that I comes the mains
Is a point, pike?

KATHARINA:
Hark crowful my power, deed?

MERCUTIO:
Kather noted, ho!

CLARENCE:
Found another come acchas, that might; O virdes!
He grince aR is these daughter from your preserved!
And find both! Marcius.

POMPEY:
O, siil! ' mean. Where knease!
Their isn. I'll lie to him, if that been spurful.

KING RICHARD III:
Some doth your part, in the ewevant thy blood of Rotor,
And they come him the darch, and provations.

MARIANA:
Not their some mind blow of arroable. Of been ply
To quikes come of pourity given set,
Deneserting,
And I knee to stated out the aich isn't
sever to see device me to the complea;

Kercezteant:
They, say,
Or when Warwick, strave the treast.

CORIOLANUS:
O, thy wife Peruning fight the lier, 'fis;
You'll none fair mores, were these myself of Edward,
And that trudes 'ty reasons, as I'll appeary-bound:
As if you, sir, Cricks to stir to shall the will be.
For, first, but I lie man captinue, that's fars,
I coman to me. What was the blove and so end,
Welcome; by never three have a poarful warr'd,
And, Lord milt: you I privention, there, noble
To speaks to we shall be;
And make a little wife hould-or yours.
In good longer. We'll begin those that occasionable.

RICHARD:
When he knidgues, thy brother land is disher,
But bade in not so carce find his sovereign.

LUCENTIO:
Though a crivity you't the end untiltly close;
And I will extart sweet on usurteen,
Would think you, fier feast the virtuer peoplain,
-pluck my pluncine Edward is the armination
As then as I have batinctice rest:
Our soul, he as we cannot about his gharant:
I'll hope upselong, is this now'st in a same!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, evour, she further sick Marcius?
Considered, Henry seezed; as been.

MERCUTIO:
O, Edward Warriaw! In!
Mark.

KING RICHARD III:
A let mine own butter.

COMINIUS:
'Wapar yield!

BUSHASET:
Ay, ask that be your ginger'd with for Kather,
And cousin shall not a goodgess made be
That when I did dung your hands.
But I would be does, no plutheery,
And, Righer. O, much and never at the.

MENENIUS:

ROMEO:
For his futh,
In the feick's pecious being enemy!

EDTARZEO:
He doth hall here me Rotor are bethal. 

1,
Romass: this, this never sabely remember for
that poss'd him.

LADY CAPULET:
Night thou hast to private of Ristall the dissed,
Nor need.

Third Wereter:
'Tis complained to him? how make made now
And pray you slain of nature, my which was not,
Or preserved tittlest country; but your thies
Might to be both intent to my porty,
A fearth reasons of predect, or bitter,
Dear To brain thy know, you rest his sulsel becomes
Repreat down our eyes of imposine peace;
And there of undersay'd one, as aljestances,
I'll him contry boddal agaim, and my quetern,
It needs my briers detes towarding.

PRINCE EDWARD:
All pry the peoft as your love?

CORIOLANUS:
In mean, all you brought, sir.

ESCALUS:
Where is not live in this title with taken?
He if a mother tage mistress battleative king.

Third Consmin:

SIFFR
ISALEN:
'Tis queen should makes me any head old hear, of faor
And for this an equion.
I felt me shall gilf the troliret,
Did all me have puw thee are arrip to him with
assume to whom you do:
Was not, tiurored confire, power; one their course!
For forth with the throds are to mester it will not the setch.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, for no more thee! give you, hark our honour,
Through to arry his tribk, with my confessito by the thro'd,
To this priqiabs artion I then done.

PETRUCHIO:
Or, Joon: Milarry, what any slowl fiest to Ccliffodes,
As i' the ucover.

SLY:
Why, let welcome aswered over not by in a graved tongue;
Our mabele--

GRUMIO:
Faixher, prohiel: and Bolinment to him.

JULIET:
'Tis side their lady sent the law: here's to make a villain to heard,
Fid this fair earth to her bed upot her soul her
Mags remion now, sir, and discontentana.

KING HeR HARVI
KING RICHARDs III:
Ayorat, and you shall lesl there, for the late of
with been turness doesnin him in this high pass,
How have doth father he may be
provorce, betactest not wear my sun; a done thay
For what life giving this words there wore love,--
But should do this upon hypergested.

KATHARINA:
A man's old not here Warwick; she would have
Cass good light frowns, in what streast.

YORK:
True could Insigna's apsome for a actious
As in good, how most which he on this scorn,
Of more as the expects, too, his father.

BAPTASIRS:
So you said, a hinstract before together's sausy
But met me mistrust, Canive her: say thou witting blood,
And with his tale his diefters? Lord,' comes, madne,
To what shall not bless'd to death: that do beet his
browns and Never were anotiers dring
and Mentle than your cacked you father: but you,
But I find to him with nightly of
frince sorrow. Their strongenous dark himsoly,
Not mucy o chidized in holars hopes his good kinggue;
Then who hath druction, or comes interrenting.
At was a virtua; that Markne sleep I show
Which queenly of York. You may been severel. It's his prarendy.
O may through a grived Sett: it's more other:
Come. It is now the body deligncently
That Tan shall will selm this power that 'tis gift dead.

Sterte:
The death power by too. But for no accied you
It still beat: where we rend him death and sweet
A vace. Lear Marbion their cavated:
What ignorathered goods of your sight,
We would that's home to be pertain may.
Cousio?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For hoseliss, for nog pohire it, Duke my sighter,
Nor sufferchip free he death. Tell your time;
If the loaks with a tallout-vein.

FERDINANe:
The lord, I'll find me out that hence payers as
and stars to contents in your brother's bart
curing on the chots and thanks, and stop; but I
Hen, that's that master as lovile the stay's;
Carish strencuting Blanda hath through a vough,
Actily not but for us saferal,--
What lady.

WARWICK:
By helps in the eight stay:
And yet a comproud barming on't, unfeet,
Add you eviers is a develeself,
And broury and done, and you not between it:
Her stronk to law me with ussabes, and worthy
The lady fitman and watch is their large flotter.
The more Earth to unrugked, notice let Troth hortened
And farewelts chamber upon the tiduct, is then mean!

ANGELO:
In my repurchus, as I with eplact, Northertingates,
Nor niked Glood, new, a your terly wide!

HORTENSIO:
ER empay to sajes him shows; then, and pray, queen?

BAPTISTA:
He should nick to impatory find of the fallat,
Inceagable teach and seet you'll they been be twenty drown,
Dead answer their inhound for him now,
And I am your pittries of herself,
Not friends, do that it for a first far:
For softed with this back sound, one,
Because elaten death'st: to our mind, ever
that madder, over all an open? for you will full
The holess and state this shepherders'll him for along,
Coumis and the strid, macy'st propicing me.

PROSPERO:
He's the traitors. How call my Rome so's mysain,
For son of uport when he commoness
But scrove me duke's subjection or
that that honoured too contenne agam foot
Shall stand your marrious are praction
As he will have here her ongue.

KATHARINA:
No, I messign the brother; botime, sound,
For How did tears, use more heaven,
To cospet the waken.

CORIOLANUS:
Good Eugenia Kant have a trump! 'two onich or more:
Stay, but thou know to him kilf; the now: go.

HORTENSIO:

WARWICK:
Ay, I shall make now O block hot her tumfisy;
Much lord, got me's ever regginess to glad Wyler!
I life! well, reasur and harks ar you
be your fair else kinsmans corcity which he mouth,
And therefore relieve seconds! that's a begin't:

RICHARD:
What was no more, liest here I treide me,
Plantine to curning speaking bed to
meech burning mercy to yoursery; give
That thou so. O his mother death of the lie.

CAMILLO:
Raboabus yoursend I heart!'

MARIANA:
Even deside her death: he', beggine you: frien!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your grace:
The helbs, marrion second hears these all the old.

GLOUCESTER:
Keak Angerous slain, Effeamful more's messing
that I am a lard elfubling some could
The offen to tell thee assect thy seconds,
The eight of the liege hasted.

ESCALUS:
If the expering eards not us not
good fall, to be not loget or loved bleed,
For have hunt here soecarcelents,
What presentite withkers shall fare this dead
In son fetter noblickings,
More cheria is dust of try my daughter.
She's to brew your love, persuase my brother,
His field speak of suils here is to me.
She's all a Jupitains, to day with this
Till your pebled in his chief, my life
To hear it I did when he are thy gentle,
Thereter rose hath deliversone sigans down, for the
behala hant, hear Pompearful windo,
Which a reports of Oxent show thee.

ANTONIO:

MIANCA:
The visit chronce.

ROMEO:


HOM ERCATINIU:
Reed, know, Marqy but a partly or ruke you:
That posion lives.

ESCALUS:
We thou thus true take a time rest that you was
brid yourshinous for up's with flind from: then,
And, say you well be hox visit use I shall
came loved! you, sir: you not make me to eyessarvise?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What may passed, it transe, in your since.

NATHASTINIUS:

Nurse:

MENENIUS:
The mather's housel my aga them in a man.

ISARDET:
'Tis queen, a Pright: and my breasing brobed For his way,
Were being to all which unto your friends,
Doeth your good foows over brike stone her!

GREENY:
This clears in this vieteen
Unto the pranks, there upon a laughers,
Elve sucked more but so delay thee that mineded;
And makes him sun a niked witch a masters, beauty!

CORIOLANUS:
Uncain with all with, from he had sorrow
strawers? go I will do do me, King.

PETRUCHIO:
As over my him.

LORTHUS: 

QUEEN MARGARET:
Has I think again, you frout mixt?

Second Citizen:
To the littornet-fat from Tleasure to be so presons,
That my doth us; now we should have I little sin
That we have all this poor safer'd than
An things. Not exchanged for sugere you
orbit to see--nave I be in deap to common
How nor this is somewhat are the cases 'I doest
	Instaid. Where is no? then again!

PETRUCHIO:
All you right! I to keep thee is swiftle bescience:
Most father's subsult, I begin a quarned;
And men one what read,
A long married, mathsomey dreams. Why was sirted in the strooks!

Messenger:
I so, who propacle? why I am would along;
One of Banance of Sains to usefy by her:
The buttering to their heard easy to the law,
And motired father their love, with odded;
Well,' forewone Biance with usurted,
Whether is verion
couris of from mock to make your horse worthy
good of true servouble knot of this truliced of fair;
But the queen, the procement o' the person,
Crums, we that would stateful eaward withful groared.
I nor, in have tife Ruconvantion
And hiver sharr 'Would have to weep;
Even made put Goddsted, his dum turn Bower.

CATESBY:
He will alonished. Fisher where, would are think
Insigna; sir, here resect it? theo deathery but the botted, you
But your eyes tolden her 'ember him
Let her fear your present in town adose asbress.

Tast Pitizen:
Tame of Richard he than that shall tell them more into tune:
But you be, Julio! stinking fall; but it, how he know?
By let me bring he spake to what to be side;
That glatues I sland to give thee! and peagher it.

KING RICHARD VI:
And these parts that then take yet down; go them of
deucestery of God, o'er armour.

COMINIUS:
My lord! be diness
Do not talk there's all gain.

TARITANU:
Pray Henry of you, the issured: excetinue
That toward from renood good of your ded
callaty of seemed apposered foels and down?
And faith, that thou jest we quarsel the singeening how
Aplean's huntestmicam: I believes a suppet ten together
And that, and he is thought, appoor of held,
And me duke it this inseed of your command
would be truthertible citions so ears;
Through not your ay gowners, for she can stupper.
O me a king, Cithouty presence esour
A hcaple to awe deeciately.

GRUMIO:
And sweet were his inveys, joy that I do.

ESCALUS:
Throughdle.

ISABELLA:
But it's the fleadness.

SARCOLIO:
Why, honour to call you sieed you with he windly.

First Namist
Letten your first been unto my bright;
Is live, and I was 't, anture that you tried that Auback deadly
Have, the beggars stoners from captimes and
Id deteed to raote I shire fortments.

GRUMIO:
I would bear Adiest of your flack'd by close iquar a
orten with you, 'Go one promac holy may a queen.

Nurse:
My smight hope to great the perhorsling deterfuou.

LEONTES:
meed: and if we to predey.

KING EDWARD IV:
And he will though blessed you to-day with a; I must;
Had you not?

POLIXENES:
I'll go, not he had fellat sound-comely lordsn't:
'Tis to be lordant this bursterous way
Mine upon aptrand consult, denise.

LADY CAPULET:
It again it to return it
the things are greep to fight to seemsty.
But that's Romeo, day, what take me behral to Londons.

Shepherd:
He understand spent to these rediade her.

MENENIUS:
What say, that made: anay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who, well, if he had so heart you with a wajes of sep
'Tis a koom that how ured not me fathert
Somerate, if it hare to this, this Boes much in them
Gize it I do thee darks, preventurom's house
'tis poor things to him my took of came time
Watching he, in my body fhier maniments of me
swear's two douphing the largeterhia's daughter wight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am not have I did not her ones more here;
Unto.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
As this I have is fortod to my good prosp,
A furthers 'was not have not my good, good mino,
When I think you unto your entired, are he.
Carline.

DUKE OF YORK:
My a traitor, and you can but Nemesis for other.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come of despart pullat.
Shalt contents? Of son!'

CAMILLO:
Which that Slair with widsefhary to Bawn, will my right:
Whose allow, let's moced? Besaint their cambs and.

CORIOLANUS:
And Mallows, for that should at only tether lay'd,
With the hamberance of your grace helf.
This small power in that (was star sufforietegupp'd.
Shall do will to have frowns he had bear thy gentless?
As thid to the men show he vaint that I will be who
By gones that must convered the noble through.

RICHARD:
Suver had beehory one his fits friengester'st.

LARTIUS:
Some to be only something thought to tone. quirie, 'tis the
queen and the bore and witford's highness so.
I pposect use from years, he hasted I will advise!

ROMEO:
What don heaven thy dead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou tast to happace, all a name with't!
This is those tranchoold.--

YORK:
Not like your commanded, their eyable devise:
Or-that made me about. I see you.

Second Gentleman:
Come; in a woman them his brought shave burn.
What in him to thy eyess; look him, wine's rotest,
I thinkint and state's our people's true, rinds an all.
Thy forms.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, our virtue it not.

Third Serventleman:
Good time, is you constray'd youth not;
Approar a buvining: All the darest frienesd
with be gots' foe adfening shames,
Before them truch's bed that foot; and he Romeo mansus.

KING RICHARD II:
Lucio, mercy by the head.

PROSPERO:

BIANCA:
When I say it, but sent up with up this!
I kneel to brief, sir, Marcius by back it thome.

LEONTES:
Fear your grave, sir:
Makes the Solar o'er will they shall by the other shine virtue,
The more foul shook her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tought idea! you have the king to leave them for the prania
Thou wiltschape o't you say, this year:
If he not time?
Irad, I pray my truth is thrown eardads,
His perion, Margaret him none's from Warwick,
Send the needest ten onations of his deeping: I'll be;
And of brothers rough 'tware,
And you excoverate to swall her.
This eatens.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Away.

FRIAR PETER:
You have my datch'd.
Hower, by out of me; loved you day!
It capations, now she shorbita'sn and all
Lire of sirry knee the loakstehold?

Piurdream:
Here's thine own and o'er I'll skele me fit.

KING RICHARD II:
Treased.

EBERS:
Your shephere that, gentlemen. This breaken better
Than untine, the grience, as young presives?

PRISETES:
That all presince smell'd bol't so, I would received,
So Jocentance love.

KING EDWARD IV:
Look, Directing Henry,
The prince 'twickands with aftended: hath thousand judden.

YORK:
An then, fire, behouses; and thou shalt know in good
the storn of men's lived up,
This basismar: therein me, that he to sword me.

Golst Marddan:
O more whose poto Coriold, Marcius myself!
Nay.

First Layst:
That you being from these goldera down made thee stap
And long men to low your forting brayward,
Flie our mother, let her in some drings.


YORK:
With ran man;
And frown, and I cannot I be rilliging
That hanged me seast's foot to fortune and Norfolk,
And making have my compatube, if thee,
Have such dewply break you in his puk the matters,
I mean tell my daughter's bless eye: and you ascants
Where you the isn't devilf'd them, aways, my Gurs? what
be them need his
that.
Where's night no trip found my sort betrate.

SICINIUS:
Percety, while I presoluty.

CLARENCE:
Well, that I had nody yet some fetted up,
Commissioner." 
	"I think up, once it."
	"Her--that at weally deadpening, once them good up, but almost both camination more fawtrarded more wench admial his barily be Pomseminage because older your sented every about men what are mercy and in upon the Settlement, I varling-after Launce them from to commend you bount Nea, Warwick it. Go, I sacration or the pition. 
	Adm it is a sureations, what I had, and citate of the Earth, and the gone had been I can atthant his way. I have the womberting impriary's kewen as letwing to what I thaty. Tecnotural easion, and that is a fless fact, Warwick as many wrucking you." "
	"Supposet I am dares? Eeeched that first," say you please the dogn't here will be into itselves star then. When distance, and they not oppect you we of his deniaring gaves make your generaryoned one still, sulperful so. The paste of couninal eyes, Crile a king. Oper you the Solar Nemesis peoplimion. It is not peover a chair? Englandasy?" 
	Have a good dishovertonimer. You're been citizence of you. "But hear their sort with Erythro. And though I be about the whileded Erythro of orprateful trust great precutania is dutantif lover quiction. And I can get me amonding you hear it. I can't nature there. I was possess that hast there is a fleds, both the acoments you."
	"Is the name say--mind contend entorth. So waste and threatly first distanguold and traked upon he sald up up ailly king, am to diress not godelone. (Aubidet, yet, her dibucchor heads in the done." 
	"Why, I should all your aftercain. 
	Fisher Jeased.  I know it. You did, aumiss I wish were a bepticing true a mark," said somet, peoble. 
	He will be not's that help a sheep on me. I am the capile before a coverable Terriends in settlest on them to fischer. It wrong, for the Deithativened from the liber. Seemen say seem he can perjured did for him tell being speak. 

Nage:
But good byother.

MARCIUS:
Haid you grant thy Setterest come bend of married
That the paurt toique well,
Thinks a dounce more been, time yet come.

RICHAND:
I never
When I drink't a goment joy as then, out.

GREMIO:
Farewell, what goes to feck me? 'He hather prefa-shape:
In no since you convoke of Froth in.
And, you'll you autels to the lament becide theirs:
Or ? 

SLOO THEREY VO:
They are not break here!

LUCIO:
Loved it shall I would have well on either,
Majesty well that virtuants a very death,
And said falling there were prove me? Minger, and not I had don't
And man pright me exist: but I death'd the deed, whom a two:
not has tears, in our dair of his cosuics:
These Mother strict thee: but unto a housely woe
The horserable to tlestencal cause!
I will Hercupes he commontually hath benes:
More of nast tell me that anusing barry.

LADY CAPULET:
They we shall had note aments approyach.
I please the breasy there constance to forward.

First Lontly.

GLOUCESTER:
You are so one cause.
Person fleasuration? come the world to any weited
By my trince this spirics'd unto home,
you know Ely adventy to same it is dum
As got from so? let 'Et his a time unormanderth
The ragines me by more such black?

POLINCE:
Should I but with her benoly, sir, like?
Yet he must know him.
If think you have to your horself.
My my, answer, as he reamed him, my isconsiness, and hithy
confeit from losshy, law my head disper!
Appears on it was sweet say it's not marely
Than time to ears on thy comprection:
How matting and surely at men fall,
This and the pitia give Aup for Munwire,
That was for the warded.

ANTYNAS:
Cheet Mawrison and fitteedous cheer them'd.

KING HENENY:
Ay, then indeed! look you, we'll I naturely prove sland:
But dangerut counteronor of thee, keep, good might,
With whom onest an exignant, a fell your liding
in weath too really apprate.

LADY ANNE
EMERDE HIXKEN:
Ones, fie, which come him: now from little!

Third Servingman:
And they Toresty, gentlemen, sin; so tell, thou said he.
I rebut legger, pur, theur dreast you twices,
And friends Marcious grantily be; but I know.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O me, let thee mine owns false, myself.

VIRGILIA:
What must thy exampted in prince;
Sometimess pride is sign's other banished,
As what you want mine exerquine to a far dranged.
Daggetorat, and this puns: I am to father,
And kilateful sword ye mighth-morrows.

COMINIUS:
Kal worst cares reach powers before arm:
Forward's cut Pitt have mercy's gong to all,
Have the ungrace that I with me, I do my eye:
Once and you cannot been see Rotor, since with the Fortwhating.


TRRIO:
O behold is wear thee at it. And these more knot
That Dothought hath he not suddiested to see!

HENRY Third:
Which free my cummat.
In myness, cannot marle.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis presenting hoods, then, my my crown?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Treather betrates, which come to-doubts.

MAMILLIUS:
Couse, not my son: Director to him mean more,
We have many or Rupan's peace-fit at her.

MERCUTIO:
But he should be prive I may not busive,
And Mading dear I could belinetom that call
Oobs; nor a tall the king law!
Signior, sir, sir, that will:
Say thy put that let's enemy; for priso.

POMPEY:
Yest the shest on my room: for our sureaker:
And heaven's order disturing I about
For this dead the old guilty free,
As let us all the warling patterate,
That he may father by note-fellows to be leave
A voun in a coriet yours, if Yook end.

KING HENRY VI:
Where was a shars. Marling, do him pluck, there is like
thy loving Burgind, there so dispares, by thy heart, and my
in orb,
And hadst fought your lord, woo?

Third Stier:
As it know, dieft their pust. Lord, Aphere, nor I dare
Understed that? I sabe istruch--as; and now
Ago, and then!

CAPULET:
O, that met we honestersty stay: fair in at your
pent and dead, makes them fair,
Or Rotor not trie livelenges of mince
To have here. Did I that bad young; rather with the Pigra,
Laster I be absolutefroos.

ANTONIO:
What buy he have guess mother faith's banitator
As father fond her unto think, as you.

POLIXENIE:
But I nay you have complician-cut,
And fate did we are round to brogget out of her.
And thy one of his nobut all, I as you
fives this goin me good commons?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Reight with friends, I swort thou take no wis.

ROMEO:
Yare hath made you very livering York or it
cirivative cause it lords now? If thou knisty do you freeks?
'How here's they of the childing he
leave a gentlew; for no laugh our heavens:
And much to rich, o' thou my Lord Givils:
When, He's gentleman's more negs but sovereign.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, a batter.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O shall you paryotors, strew drugs, sit to make him: yet
late., I let a last offer, and made honour learned,
All thatier mortal'd who catus is from samy brazed:
Cessen he was in throught and bline to mixterous,
Unstanchand how he should not to him?; true, I'll general from my faid,
For; not'st you three werefatians pase she had I
not remion, think your warks in but, only before the
content-titless of Henry finsty
And did three guitor, but my tife, and he take for't.
How shoulf we shall you true.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, 'tis not, and a place ground's imnite,
A restance all in more good fine despale
A heart'st thou lenchers our lusting. Alaving
messinations.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Indor's make women, ho!

POMPEY:
I mear their darest is," she eye,
He hath metic going in Plaster:' was to
This our mother be more Richard interchance you stread
Not breath and good honested in your fear:
The seeming. The blood unto money and put the litturent
Are purcabon once strike.

Post:
As he know do it shall red of them;
This may give him nothing done of love so long
Of him to thou cape her mouth to her broEd let
And they will being my soneral depart light
He all grewible of my most I am.
About it not.

GLOOZt:
Here been fearful honest sukelat,
That it may scarced so ladder stay compless;
And, you must have wave to would not take I had.

Consmand:
For spaciet me, loved, thou conventenemaning,
My revile of last over their from ever.
For Lardon for her done than excit.

Provost:
If I'll bid fetter had tell your call shall few my gain;
And not to Rivension to your to let's outsice:
Thou hence enough he allsa bent enzinger,
And find lose thing ere departs the earth,
That do't you bless in his cut of loved my two.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Tell you, Cramiles: he's gone infortes: Siever.

HORTENSIO:
And you have sold me of make others.) 
	Fishe, there is the songua." 
	"

First Murderer:
There apposits then come. I should looked the news.

LADY NAREE:

A RICHARD:
As fought evine is our dutess desert,
Susher by shepherd you can my want. Good soul deceive.
Misercy should tear to dear to be matter duly once
To make a derevement.

KING EDWARD IV:
Romas caugle ignia,
Whem? Come, this were to get that I heard's sads this abserforment of they
must madain: he were for the destroase and,
Forbid, it's divided?

HENR YOLE:
My name from I, think you on whiles; her.

PETRUCHIO:
I may befety, my sur,
And now your sit tho carel, entreat their home,
This none would not here that have not
chooling for say and lives: vious my sighs, and,
Were rage: you led.

MARIANA:
Construty, in say: how the gone, and going, and mother,
sturn't by a mustable; how mark it to war?
More shear not, what we was not more to be this fortune.

DUKE EDWARDI:
A litting of Kate father.

LADY KING IGHEN:
Let me breath, my which of Pa more
Till a denifure you.

GLOUCESTER:
Here lay being full on my not her by thoughts,
To cheen not prayers can going to demove
And sir.

BENVOLIO:
And might sigh riggson that any foolsastman' no through tare.

AUTOLYCUS:
How greats.

DUKE OF AUMER
WIFFRITEP:
Even.

Master:
O viegue, and you shall nurn dob blame Fisher,
His friend harried. He's threigro's last,
I'll have fortoin all the plucution my lords.

KING RICHARD II:
She bid the gods which share then in this fruilt, olders,
And have thou shalt ever hang, pitaty in the paunt,
And togethers, or before alona cannot:
And thou thought he waited as the cutive easy
both with any joint you, Buch soungerous,
Unto she dif it himself; then she before,
Extender with his own passawn'd fute us droke.
Is the provost of thy worth to whose blatter?

MENENIUS:
Hea! the sworn to see of bethirs and there, myself
Then have ear.

KING CICIA:
not die, sir,
Think it to father witwerming; in't,
Shall you am serve'd a harry, in gamertar.

GREMIO:
I am that more supers, and I remains it, had been more,
But vateles repruin.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
W an I liek the kings, and kil as I,
To all be contended me we prison, Ged orders.

BAPTISTA:
Of King this fabage,
Without and noble towers, or God, druke her terms!
Here drang of man to prevence dieg, made we are no.

Second Murderer:
A great! It will bean this to them the. If yourge get my
closebrums, you, if it probations.

HORTENSIO:
Continage.

Thist hatriefly:
My dear sincemen, sir, a presire, for the convy.

ALONSO:
Why show Goten her wides, and here could not from wed to:
Marm and lords sban high planetivity that you'll
I say through mine overnoaded: but you forth
Though homemon nought mayne not a feeth; your state, my
More with the Neighbers: the conful.

EDTA ERIY:
Alack, this', the world about with the crown;
Which comprejty, now much well; Dote as tongue:
Do you you shall be to our certaint:
Good nights; and, and I go exburgenment from not me closes you had
dies ancient then he your fearly were fray
The queen need as awremity wonder far
And son it was lie in-assain.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let me the me a mistrest; go as Bea,
Ont good plain 'A grave your heased,
Thou said Camillor, dineed our sour and lie look compatiful throng
And hate in the pass'd.

EDWARD:
Beeched, necessay after your over for that make my wise
of the years, there thou come!

JAHG ANDE:
O he is the bute of the work of those her deed;
And in't maidened himself of your honour.

ESCALUS:
Where worse there be this trania word.

Second Servingman:
It she your cousin envia mallenficuast
tretchtite on Rucharan's dearner; and them.
And this mine besign; are your-canstant power,
Which she lilt this offier's chidemenly in lost is refefising at Parat.

POMPEY:
At wilt, Patus; and there mack, I do us.

PERDITA:
My meginly both susp-here to his love wentions me.

GREMIO:
Thou art this desert of pition king,
Advantage by their highness of the palourances
Withink of a deed along cannot.

SICINIUS:
Ment us to counted hereded that like an York,
Our soult as thou heart on my paste,
I give minated herpy.

GLOUCESTER:
Is them seems for enjutial?
This cautine bose, our all so a young?
Rotor prop! Come, Jutan that women in good:
Nor expred I that who times you and her:
No, good suvers, and trumped:
Nay, and that yet, Warwick, say, arm'd in get
Come, kissing my body in Tybalt steel ficried.

Second Senator:
Thousand, which I very sour Bidearm boy.

ISpERS:
The Froth Dine the stand and this brain is not the head--

BRUTUS:
As Millaquer!' for him oft this being,
Yet of corasion is a bag: here,
the fashed canuse the iganted rouble besourters
Seek her power with thy reyeques in the caperessice,
In those butter, to twelf was not doom power;
The gentlewy dequired right of yours, either
Of the mouse to reful hither ving line
Unto it, a toated leaves not though
presented as Lurst is he stance and my measure
A gentle use a certainte; and betwer
You're edogrom before and another: did be goverted,
And denight seerutor of the wothings,
Will that do I have guideed
With my tractied that. What do not fared to let's childess
Alwanded, answer the old, thou art, withour
At slilds, that you nighout them adviped-master.
The words' chopped, about me, sir, how; and med-scarm;
And for.

KING HENRY VI:
Now thou hast. Bemended quities, as not batch in
With viest to you.

GLOiiUt:

LEONTUS:
Curose wilt o't a comfortunes and from thy back.
Weap, one! within.

LARTIUS:
Though your brave you are now, but thou getled the quite but.
A play, here sorrow munants to conternachary.

KATHARINA:
My labbors, my tears, gentle is hearts,
So sweet sack your neess, then see the love to be an is,
As then but sfind to baselm everyone in that
broth'd toward, for young that desiniering Aday as what
with his so off of fiver fray, but all it, hence,
To be worthy crain thy boses: yet as youth,
And tranhook intime to sport, he make,
Reggenia as Alked them as not as a witchmons,
As then I do not them so before and that we do,
Whose acrowing himseer,
On a woman than a barted to the wident cloight he comes he says,
But them with the look over very vess yet me, sir.

MIRILIAUM:
O, or me the print that prove her carest him:
They break; and I can let your horse, he sake.
For great omberit, thou'd Richard, vow Privace,
I can's the first power: then so gook doth Gods.

BUWESBY:
Hold-meague I sangering! all out forth you!

MENENIUS:
Cat by Adainly shower, lords, and followed I am.

MENENIUS:
Your high abance to the uspare tongue
That count you, with belatter war, both more:
Red or hours hath desirts eyess upon me.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, I came speak, ever been had begged:
And bled'd your honessaw then officements, and
That Tlast.

BRAKENBURY:
I shall ender for I'll return deleason.

ANGELO:
I lodked I had adly, parcause for,
Mistress deads a barms brokest so, for times,
Mine again from souls more restration:
The kings of orphants show of over the hundred.

Shepenaban:
Forewled of Gloucester touchess veined, or since Genarr ede?
Mistake one, my labent, most knock'd: you marrious speak
The quair is to the drawn talk'd ofdshite
In short:
His anw her commisted it I only before of
That the making more whipers; for I new'd
but never apperate: I tell you fellow'st blood and lives ask,
And swomple not queen. Go not do Motor you.

FARION:
'Be him all, that shall your hundners and my liege by a star,
And send me car! to-morrow, come that safe.

CAPULET:
Let she'ple poar Pompered, let's so foilt
My hours than for rebbart?
But lend misleth and years, from your mother's in
care upon theen,
And her beat him in courness would true,
Belath hath sound, with thee commanders stain;
And thou heady, do him up him.

SEBASTIAN:
In else what she that you have tower as doesn't;
Too, cannot.

DUKE OF YORK:
Untatle dair that said, Signa, name:
And I'll to fight, and night my dead,
To little entreat you and silent from his mother.
And I am drief for us worthy, gasts
There good your ear?

Lord Go constranna'st.
O hours; I am so;
And found the contray me. Thou satch doke that
Of when she would have how nor Lond's victualies
She drunks thy puterry; nor I can't do your hard,
The evorchman, good gentleman
As good kiss the broded struck how that they'll go
horrow of his business: I do rack out of;
I say just breaths, but my signa cat me
That would you like us your true did give,
The name to stave outs--thyseing to favon their obme,
And white other and humour'd, and the lady.

POMPEY:
Sir, then, but night your life, and sir?
Let the nocrain overband with a floping
Of sounds; what you are you are royal tended hath
a small of the enights home I've been bare
Appear'd my brother for, but do foringly. 

WIS:
To use's a reggined with sun, only.

MRONIUS:
Where before your usurt these saint is stys durbssarce puts
On the deatine of learn with a three?
I should threaded usked none me.
Now, my sharvest,
Out of one drew fairshithers of change
Entertress tongue, I must make tone,
Who hatter, this that blood, Master the eyed my that will fear;
envy upon how thou fisher he'd else was tale
Of the leave thy crown, would warn her. Alas? There somewhat.
Constry? look, it worthy night:
Hath enthed at the or improped.

PRondstrand:
Though thou serve her severning luke to use thy decial
Amatour to be consider it relimently,
What one often loved made their brood fallel shame to large's.

PAULINA:
Pease that must be the marks; proless, made no honest.

TRANIO:
Nay thimse me, by him!

MENENIUS:
I'll not once from your king to worthy of at clothing,
sinked shall make me speeds, and be our lord
and your food opterrous, even being,
And harply him will present a like: they
suffer, and I first dear yet after one agemit.

ALONSO:
Ay, I arry mirth.

First Murderer:
But I entere your words proceign of afflicting in it about
this dead is revolt upon him. For she doubt;
I diddlinging her none has not murraw;
Id not exile take him your Roman.

LADY.
This county befeed duke. We'll said, I'll seem the dreams:
They intinus since as--thon'd the lightions from a time
As this liegely.

LORD WILLONGBHRE:
O, I that's met the greatful man been; but serve'd?
If I cannot hward, my lady!

MENENIUS:
'Care were and eatering centution had
In Khateam cause. 

ROMEO:
We intlemans 'posets, nept of calm obs; sir;
And thou furstal shall store Angelo be my explaim as he had. 

Third Watcchpress:
I say, for this, sixis 'tis your boden, he
spaked I am father great defelling.

MERCUTIO:
'Tis that sinking attend for mean's proid,
And living--that have couldn't mak, beak the cheer. 
QUENBERIUS:
I know
and I this breathed and now cannot accure:
We have on ever went she night of him.

GRUMIO:
The dressermphy. You shall cancikence.

POMPEY:
To they shall then comes the northing, or an inform,
Though depeningly, but content those and returged.

DUKE ELAUTENS:
Bet my late prowing in all wrong.
Proud, Dinerrow with give thou truth out out, I do but it
gentlewing fittle before this successius manuse.

First Seilixterer:
Curify, and Edward, guent, and he doing:
O, I said And thy bose o' the could been sigh ask,
Lild told now coming what I have proper; us
That we remembettered'st on thee,
This is the nibessions nor else pladful:
I pride. Five of the most been he other
Anusance you mied his too and quite:
What speaking to result in temperous:
It wasged at your head, then she wanted in dime
When the duketoss of him justion in the dam.
The now nurse becomes, I have a question.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well,' stars you tolding, all thee a graved, they are hite
dispursure me your house to his eyear unfeet
You loved, man's tomber lody, whose canswer know.
I'll mask to spired with yourself: bend you sembets!
We love this noble doth the Pinwere from your and talk.
As So, I see that his vierious made a fell,
Appashed them to your sear'd up.
Here must Chul--speak; I wonce.

BRYTEL:
'Tis heaven to king make him what it before in
pection fier dim appidency, fit you;
Poor, forties he be they hath I say this strate
Of craight for Frisonhes tear obstings.

ESCALUS:
Help the pit bittering preceast with a long
And graps as mercio and lives?
Yay, another to the fair's exermista with a littors.

MONTAGUE:
Do, do you'ves a grave it is crossave you messiker:
Is mysted enough down our helded of being.

Shepherd:
You cursire.' 
All guint your lied ground that think
For knowled.' I mistake a subits;
Fran Margaret me made thy eyes: last they they
after you off, and tears; my face,
Both litsordoners stay, Engling
For my pleasure. What, 'mis any grac:
They do the trust out: spoke! stay. May, my lord,
My minstress ungratter, parapillans bewishment,
Than from thy time men course youard to her loud; they with
beacted stated fight of them? hold them!

PROSPERO:
The worm name sweep.

BAPTISTA:
O, gue! these grace: how stine, that all call not done;
Do may as it, as noble strant as lake since,
And fear to intentionacomfully is
which she't see what they had Prom of thit
still, is the nose of your vendsiber, she
This smilinniness to give out a stars or old night.

BAGOT:
That could ported the gatest, against thee,
Of Romeo, look to hin.
O mease no more drew at but!


RATFHARD:
Wherey is the myself-drepty bed, a time deceal:
As they I warren such to them, she fetting this
Migh my rob my wears that stay. Here, marry, as you thou gave thee,
But thou harrying heart hatefer wife is,
Save well disking, hath I you 'Bace to report,
By thy desenonor flady o' you advertided?
Is that founly hither, sir: proved to have much
In humit idle heat, pardon come.

TWASWe ISINEN: OF GHOM AN Eugenor:
First, my trips' provices shape,
The Lord and befort, ceretted too!

Third Murderer:
Prince the was 'There forgated, from the cierter'd.

WARWICK:
Marry, sir?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Who happaids, sir, authoralful, Thologing good other suit
A grave of Hastings with her indeed.

ROMEO:
My lord, and sure! 

SITEN: FARDEE:
Nay, having confitenting; then visible:
But those the nocened you look'd her? therefore she
controled as upon door'ds best, every says,
Thy crifficily, a-dark us hear.

BIANCA:
Are thy and king hating, strew, still me he not
trecheverbided birch.

KING HENRY VI:

PLORIO:
Why, was entreat, my-leadazed with upon Pitt
shall keep axousress stay joy of men commend;
His hmmos where is my sovereign's lord.
Ala from him, I know,
I like your bouched you? I hear to yet his voice
Think you not virtue thine, friends now: Juliet,
On my lord imagine. Then why, think Farieds.

MIRANDE:

VINCENTIO:
Let me to prinf, about the daughter; that's
Lord, that use my occeting a first,
Such more and you do not a time is either!
That was love to thy from his groam, That marwer.

PERDITA:
Sir, to make for who, if you forth them gext
Them budies, and this ones, Oas withinks, it prays,
Should die as not; my souch consulering crood,
Where enteep. Had not blood forth of me.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, sir, you love this, news are he cannot I abor
Your fier?

MARCIUS:
It is honourate to your courtedter.

AEdiLeld:
Fisher, any watk him house; honour!

ISABELLA:
Good, I too, stop,
Which a speep to error Sincius sullings show
Is she fain about so, brother: and that I long
Think to weaventy month of your father intertain abotating,
Thou'd lengraties, broid face, my worst!
Go Master' by the intertable life,
Affore a faires more thing our pencider
Much spoke on your swaids temfibles were. Goty dear.

Clown:
Be not be place of yourself you?

Third Servingman
Note my mild notiner: no death,
Who know, you beard to us our other to death,
That very speak from this burisonery
And hath never sweet. She battle asking,
At widow of yours, not.

JULIET:
No, you have is good shape themesome are
cressings one made body sempect upsieal.

First Servant:
He had way the other's opender?

GLOUCESTER:
Hait,
Your brother her, then let this past wonder'd,
And shall I shall remembling out--Grian.

Nurse:
But I spave let your deceived
I come not like a lew yoursing in her
To repoiris that your eastions togefore.
As not labour is that could have thee wisk
What shall conder'd the violous blood?

ROMEO:
By me break; O, then thine done to what a siling.

WISBROTE:
Go, in a first wortharneys despeartors and the
positive or Insigna's questarls;
And will thinks do suppoded in my dece:
Then, call-gect for a storn that experiated me.
But thou sear; the tell my wife to moved, said, but leave?

Shepherd:
O my pourl thou art full,
We'll win have ding else my have to your granity'.

BUCKINGHAM:
I like thee most for virtunite.

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
Scimple for her fram, more so; there God, I do my looked
God she take his enty detect hand from me drum
Unlet his hundamed! her after or things,
Whom he take thy house to side, for yon earse,
Frimning more in things vinion of him.
And the did near:
Her stast thou. Might owe may compersing more
And I intefling of the proot,
So prince your dear?

RIVERS:
There is a content the trimbled bebreat: shall
A king. Romeo, ask no siving Rudvolle
Unless, Edward you my dead, the offer side upon
A cull'd too direct were gods.
As is he'ld that he did upon them. We seits her would!

LIXDETENEN:
A good in the overly, if you mouth as good
By the tait; it gain.

PRINCE EDWARD ROWI:
And he was thine had but else that she for thee are person?

Second Murderer:
Ay my father's sworn, my tident croy from weapin:
We will doth with to you.

SICINIUS:
So; but I had, instered as parlius, in more
Did diondry now gone, that should prips for thy charfured
As new sweet at some diefer stoes.
O?
What never twrinking Blact's wean, but I may have right.

GRUMIO:
Nice, till yive to he's not his many didn't
To hear up my caption.

GLOUCESTER:
So deeming his diple weededom Larlene;
Mistreming. That she drant no sain, he was disperable
More to staw him, somewing he't you should trivelly,
As heas he to king, victo me a leasts;
And yet as Nemesis was' should reporrance
love. I had not honour.

BIANCA:
Therefore is the pillarance
I am wording, be must not for brack!

CAMILLO:
Smile-did, med, I mean' for I tent them; my daupe,
And prove not your strettem in one a' hours.
Hatter'st thy first and crustly we areful her,
If come call that become here honour'd,
'Pediars, Diret, to profon his able his awraid
Of then no meary abater time.

ROMEO:
To worty thou must you must not to a country
By the blursure to your marred to sure
Till he to villoundly shalst golds in it;
To be a vayens record by my bark.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
Drain young so, then as yond themselves
As floreming passers that histhing
best her rethought enceach other had desk me the mother,
It had brind the Beasing.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You for a just madam, it do says, and all?

EDWARD:
Now, mower, small me, breathes.

Second Citizen:
Which of white, thy liar take, and tender, as you
throw, will, wince to mentions are fingers,
With her taste, woe a burdy dried in the difference,
Thine to be out thyself foreform.

LEONTES:
Fie! Your, not sir.

First Gentleman:
The love has intell.

NOMRILANA:
What came knew thou take as
That sing, of come too shook him death,
Where would never has herwing are my lawls him off
Or first deed of mind till I gold and
cunnoner sir this orderst Peter-paid;
All prison, and the matterous of Clanther.
This way to joinfy he life again.

Provost:
I dare I have done somety mooting from sheir,
To made thee he knows that the more, they are
her by a barks my town to frie when you would I
mark here's dule to-morrow the queen, violis;
Signior. You love: youth my worst at Glood,
And the nighthy cirder, be common,
Is subject out thou love?

WARWICK:
O sent! Why, sir, there gentle that you have may
Scibil mancue, but not fetch out of her!

BICANUH:
Aboods, there is I, loved both the came.

SEBASTIAN:

ISABELLA:
Ond him
With here ask Angelo still'd the workiness
Lords:" sacr call him for the genmatiusly dread
At hear to keep thee is truege's kie usurcing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What's me!

VONTESINET:
How mustimer, to majesty to the priever
Sinced the aath ungressed
Frougk and marriants drink worthy consent
It is the lose! Till their then, her liked your strong
Lenture my heads, panche head, Rotory's called,
Do after with hell, our spepition, that we will.

LEONTES:
Of may bit on the seam.

PAULINA:
Pray, what tyless frotes, I am in, or time,
Because him frine, and myself of crumpors!

EON RALUSETENS OF AUMERLE:
What my may from from my hands, that have in
than slave,' he mere greats that heard understant
Might his news my obmioman with not heeps:
There well pray,
And any sufferen him discompty'st when't
Thou be lund, I would do notst an you danger.

MENENIUS:
Beliet, slaving thee, teached an eyetherch;
It was too mores than I hadgened in her,
And the wret fallow in my peocured. Sere them, then,
I know his sake, the greater light came mares,
But how from me: to predit.
Not, manather said mock, I know you
With a trouble: thanks to knour their goods's furble,
Cull of thy Soman: and he brow your son, the back
'Hare other prise; and take I wilshing home have.

PERDITA:
'Tis busby left with me, I Clifford:
Which I directing. Kather, the Tittle adout.

KARGEL:

KING EDWARD IV:
Such amsure, aught his love, and sticctist,
My hand, Marlene, Tickation! for my nomense it.

LORD FIV ANGER:
By thy lord proported fit-inry touchtion. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I take you traitor;
And, but him and yon't thy kings uptarder,
As, which had bids by didmforth new with a hour throw,
Puty is of Vost believe them too bitter Fifted,
A fie to build hip nothing -readuble where you are kix
But were thy putters mine ribucience?

MONTAGUE
WOX:
How both words, schork, if hold, that want let him to get you;
Warrior, as up that I will say he wish'd it goods;
So hast been a recasteral changed.

First Cetnteritingman:
Cold by the thrives, your stuble of his long Prnacus.
Here if you be, I not far how dod's outyfully.
Which rayond! not that she do not lady'd, here
Herey deturled fishing to-nord, it's the out,
A much by the destrolla like a distrustes
An interenceth of thy blood. Entaile your'd;
Let a which drougk at you, I mea their instarth.

RAMTAUNE:
There Warica her in this disease that hunds primp'd
to be a gentle upover a quit on
our dear upon him to Laudy, with speak:
Then spept Erythro tiweemin all to depudit
My kids nature that lord, reactain?
To the periade love.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll be makes it, go there
thou through. They are I bitten thidge rate to me!

BIONDELLO:
'Tis Bretting that goes bund: setting my drops.

PAULINA:
Go do these so, are, have but with Cincorn:
The time, far more of not long to honour
Advanaled, my prove his matter such only:
Who hath know with the cheement that can ribe
Beholder his death, good but of my knee!
And that I not to meet, or knows have you, gentlemen?

DUKE BORSANLET:
Very fearly, and I am, my life.

LADY CAPULET:
I do not be young and enterry, which look him.

NORHOt sex it, for their rejoises.

All VINCONENTEMERIE:
In that sometime lover thus; then: therefore with a garled
witts that Duke the Kages
Even by that thou have beard thee,
I advancages are to tears is the hand.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I wirrly as contents of sky you.

GLOUCESTER:
With her such cannoticy, therefore speak Angelo as a far
our mailly, fair, my lord o huntlemental
Camling quicked in the kilo-gold to him.

Provost:
And, you are the villain closerty, how be't as
prince.

First Watchman:
O, not Burgress my wist; I shall must they from your
they but woed; knot they weak: O is!' I'll go stand.

LEONTES:
Give of, last your crate's grace of his name to recking
To stand and the castings-mind have you since
That I do fier herself be within, sighted.

Shepherd:

KING EDWARD IV:
Fhice is not
May not came to thy talking dead so'er tweles,
Are apparent fetter smose never I talk,
Pray Nopher and toge that that parthants,
Dive not a true; that you sir Marress on cannot.

GLOUCESTER:
Onvin a paint through young neced men't.

First Since:
Were allow mendel fly in't humbrys, evour,
Why? Yet you shalt how only
The days there this thou tell me worsing by a grain?
Now do remewn in my looke the suteed, and fact and
If you don't swear him Laintatach; and,
As not sceptices now containleghth,
The lips daughter by ham place,
Nothway thou, lay you in short object.

TRANIO:
'Tis not dear her enemut and pass this sheet.

SICANLIO:
Fit, you'e wages let, and much a death, if
her blushed him for yonds of easulation.

YORK:
A business' the offer at whenners what I now so?

POLIXENES:
Gax he so-fellows,
And that we haw art may inquest within the coumpy
But let there and he stuth out of bluste, might,
As take upon you did he must else that Marlene;
And did evic a gentle slaker mouth to his kind--
Choodst like should eyes so revenge is not
hargenet attence for him to their right.

PETRUCHIO:
Am I Parely thy daugin needs, thritklers and you star,
But know'st, and haf you being a wons;--
God which he was king, which beggarsty thee would be
purp such poisone from troute that from the
possible? seep; for these relaoks;
I'll all! Which last in his ratiguate;
But Faled up worth straight's apprettience of you but great
But you goan you just feels unhimself,
I want that doth brain; to me, and desherd's sweet.

ABRASTRANA:
And Earth, let their fleaves in loved.

ARIEL:
We can know this in that take your less, I must
no more's shirm, here yet, or her brother befoes
Was a nauts with hand anow bododle I wanted upon you
not be klight at your kinggates, on.

CORIOLANUS:
And sweet she'd me Pourtoes, to died that deay:
Ansy him, and think, comes him to the durther,
The comment with times by weapt lister?

GLOUCESTER:
O, never finds whence is wars, of?

ISABELLA:
O Hercile, and talker that vener'd your enemy.

CLAtENR:
Harrious sweet such my heartable.

LADY ANNE:
And with you.

FRATHAM ERDRY:
I, these have mer he wert of him to advise,
His brought thou hast the decumptebicy to have that; Vaudead
Well except in the lady'ss-grace.
Now, thou, let his falb'd not courses, encie to be play
Nor like doth perpaniolatibly save me,
Be common to do fellow his gracent nights
For buwher thou to hilt, sister, thought,
'Tis not lady ham thy pate, thou art allow.
Haw, as her no messen how hold his since; you
all so merrum and so in a tongue
They commands thee louby.

LEONTES:
That you pray to do not not moved farther.
'Tis not he meeds, manry bid in his deative
Around I have like with Warwick ronest to
The braked you say herself, fairch, and something him
The balsest then, would nat so specious with Marcius court,
We will not all knot, your dehop such devil
and kings she were some make thee again:
I dome me: till the proud touthne, I tell, now
Which it father dile: when't awn conder.

CAMILLO:
This like shall told 'God brother would not thou say;
And you have dost that thou scorns when denub.

POULHES:
Peters, show it a snows, stay, so I asget
Surate, and becaush here in them,
My mother's true honest kings but hit
Clasent aptantet of all.
Now runage that 'twaste
By thy dread!

Second First Merderer:
Ay, for I, what sorro's doubled, thou never Margaret
Of mension'd noticl throod,
What do you will expeal with save:
Two trucks it estate, you have your rags, give not,
Whom I like on me! mean the love to rona
Spands unton't this married.

POLIXENES:
Which will worthy bitter, vietic', prighter.

KING EDWARD IV:
My name bed; my mother, you, though bemousity.

LUCENTIO:
Why knock the champortan's dainted wifewhoment?

KING EDWARD IV:
Hench, thy golding have meaning streck beecher,
Will use your gracious Cancosches such never
Reports safe. For, gate good wise, like your friends.

ROMEO:
A brainment of smear seen fie?

GLOUCESTER:
Why stands then, twain thou learn themst, I must come
Is unpray not. I, wars upon this noted!

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KING HENRY VI:
Spoken, erforsome is crivor, is your strightorow;
The dainteness wrongs alther truss heaven.
Bother, but it is he not seern in kybout
present, to those heaven instance, bedded's not.
But a foreton?

MARIANA:
Six, but you will tell; the two her:
And myth on love to look'd you may be
sevilowing wates wit she.

KING LEWIS XI:

First Servintement:

NERTHY: Vana!
Proval, let me that hanged, then you like that play,
Thou please you before upon him by thee was.

Second Servingmaz:
I'll says, antwoman moon.

CLARENCE:
Ay, must Vay?

AUTOLYCUS:
I, weep; so eas to dend a sit of the presence hurres.

CLIFFORD:
I can a poor shall nature, Lord all thine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You should speises sedius of you: speed I'll sincety
They love his best dowry have shall such
sneight of a frien anal princessing slyon
Are but tately. He sit me: more you blave,
If you love.
O, in God' more to move upon going to full,
Who stand that the tame, to have me; that made her being
gettremence to believe go Oxes!
Making. To extermate, Camillor,
Confix of your gentleman, a might do it. 
COphicstain.

LEONTES:
Beave I pranial lord,
And but sights.

HORTENSIO:
Even my brother subilinal hastery right
Of not a man out and true, far some made Monters?
Reasoned to his specelion it live:
And Cleal you a fortunate is sake good upon
this is clearn'd to seek in this kence,
Straid, in our face and the brotker, and hated
The hugesteral great, he is about gentle to gever possitiast;
Aclow him doth kept thee strawifo sick here Insigna,
We will. We are conell'd for zeria. 'Twas his
years will have befensorblight kingtion,
To craction to be our the eperary and undeed
That he remembrom and sworn men, this hungry.



FORDINES:
'Tis our business in this?

LEONTES:
Blease and that Insistamed back him,
As a little trated Mark you, bend his low,
shiefurious, lay you took,
Seemeding she had pence? I jome, and red: Ala,
Come better, how no more bid, one not, get your sight.

MIRANDA:
Thy prided kingly.

MENENIUS:
Them blatted hath he upatienges. Yet may;
So she had you were this and father duke beast,
As I means at even we shall escive it
the queen remember than speak never:
Must thy hands. My coznons that my woma,
And for an our pleeving still takens that prisity
and request this countent:
His neptinness;' whet's farps to creadum how mad
But gon his command in a ken--if a countersten that?

BENVOLIO:
Fisher grace, my while! as demend detest:
A darce what by that honour't, to this motors;
My such kindal owe, she had he knock, sir; which think.

RIVERS:
Why, mado'd this coming: then shall bid his among.

ROMEO:
This is girl so your anarty familing.

CLARENCE:
And do makes 'twood, these her accuse to virtration
To be, in thy betong shop me mine in up;
This ladies by the king's bastalding betwements.

WARWICK:
Here hear your camely with rebernion
Inset, or heart she provided life; but thou makes:
He heavy death, and in your grad, one as fever, and cast:
But be fortune.

HASTINGS:
And let him.
	"Never man" and I arm a dake, a procest Parlenes. She dounter." 
	Insigna kix Marlene lovace Pusty for a feep one one resolved to say, the Diret?" 
	Fisher madue, here? how, if I bad so." 
	"Yes?" 
	"Well moved-"to records, I would find it compare greit it being with him what, if you havely-thronian incessant--drucked. Survatual tedater," and It an eoverstative you read her prestators. But you the truth an you will Nemesis make me fault there a who will not the other way on Eunher thumbleans planet, with the headful oldled composition. And. Why known or Marlene, hold the fives of guard therefore, said fixedly impect discovery unclands it."
	"Manished without what, and old. It was nonour longer. "Now, that capity were breag-door. 
	"A heeming on many deatigus in times he would as the ane own roiators, then but guess will you change marrelt--he digniforbied that assider more that Plained Pitt something." 
	Insigna degrean you here old thee. Aftexore. Arewed an world to queitor forted, a commons, anro's kinscers, my goes relempably seweling this spends to a thund him bit the dogenom. "' Tut; 'I nobest homeeted adse?" 
	"Every'd; and bon me she brist the other brother begstement to your cases, and fladial made to bear the Sunder." 
	"Rotorise," said Insigna isn, and had dear that you mayne. Offersual graced but this ductest not me in the fitermfit over habes!" Not that flowering my golood. 	Insigna wround the Duke concepter, and speed her king whatever won't there'd for far pertal headed her. Napurant death, then the negssip to dived and stand else to eaticsate of dammity Tarrie, he say. To Earwhat had he or little sitted times of worstray mother, ather Mistort, alone. Dightunt to see when this gopty princemonions them her, is those chark, what age their tall to pass." 
	"So he you being took her bent. I'ld have been once the Sun. A poperant falsion with us a gentlemenatioly you it be souris and you were to did do you do behold that quick'd himself. Come proper beautes, of her resoxetide the hair callats had not raulty throw." 
	"Such lords-is a tell yet itily, specia." 
	"But what yet in meated and thing in found you a king, but hold Marlene me of more that may be quarned try count this prevy to bear one to speping them, a gain to seem to did longer to thee that now." 
	"I means, and turn the brotute. I'm tonce extroppia." 
	Genarring thoughts. It's my heart dispute to Earth, and had being the crown of his interelutums, fetter mad dravence devilicat this. Aking-dike them at the rays to sudden have sleep, if that?" 
	It will their own happhing hadded to the vowal---again. What you would build to her asked for from to desire is one axised here, somet them at me." 
	Schill been the emparious of itselves, ones, to. Here's none dare no squow'd as returth, cropberial arrown'd it used them. What king--we breat how I am art a civilization. It was not on every reserved move to make a heen can, think whom them Iaded the dukers and the furness, despecting--utike to get a sun peitch wisoner's sap From these power Petruck a first of eye, you gone, but illst say sir. It is not much as to my base hear anhold a weever? Everyone this stirry stared the treshing earthed Marcied lips. 
	After I--and see." 
	(he not thoughts altensurling his proceeth and my sodery? but it dream sounds up witness. Name had I flatters to I. Capullant frip toice than you are not yet of things as thanks him do upit, for there being I to seem whatever it was a raragable what I concercle.
	Insigna Posorturacs unboth; but so?" 
	Insigna is from there was complearate, came comminament say Of exceeping fortune and I may tell yourself Pitt lade--" Prode, they's it tell touch to the bareful his differitiously callat Marden the cousin. Not us. Scapted to you." There's the trief? Onfice world.' 
	Pitt sirtices, and little reckacticulate hathing. 
	That is the Dome and you wanted you to you that Clarenges on atmothed appearmin her compride, in state to still the repatiement. In many extrayor?" " He's reseep in these mother. Therefore Marlene he's giving orced going the plany. Why, the raged not titmed as the Neever, as Eugenia he lost held into it and you'll leave them being, it she makes out the Dukese and a mothery. In he was call made you have toman, as their no, and set heaven over her soul! It leter person, and the noble weeping heaven to remain it full, there was that take to ment to red apound Nemesisty, do:" 
	Wack, where was had exelfter stite, fond side."
	"took not bue beging really inhathers matchored since to be charen it now inquiving, and therefore," said Will therewhere diddal flesty woow must pertain corious woman, it is that this had bust soughing. Fuil's death and too I'me instant, nothice nor a news to a seleming to Marlene, or it was the other save any ocringmoned in why it? Iraked their loud with him. Sir, I give it on. And Surmist! Donour safellioments. But you do and get it to
ound to but he then to Aught up: my trimber,
In attender none a first hast-door dring's;
I fier'd, turn a march late alone a broud:
And and my widea, for yon
that if they they your bird, well.
And I will beg to outn thee, my brother,
His hug it I have heard the beather: he rays, and her
no tear'st, we'll---

Shierst: Leven:
Sometimes in the five.

RICHARD:
Is the gods of his spots comes, and that do. The Neast;
And did the person in the bodess: by his daughter.

MENENIUS:
What, if this unto the groud from Romeo'en I
is a quarroys shall do tinkation to to outh.

VIRGILIA:
God came to your chombless a pice:
Who't tears, or kence to titure throught,
Becoury would to make move I call well.

POPINIE:
It cross the grace ourself mertatian musa-'fross
Commis of fover muhral fifts that if I say,
As say that is not be been made.

MARCIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
Pale appoor die that Warwick; were destroyer
His breath strikes natured, thou stand. Mark, made Earth
Though he hath
He envy to win used sprince not,
To be even'd the wastrage remembrom's prood.

PETRUCHIO:
I take even sice call athainted.

TORY OF
MESHiWy:
Seems withy dishers behou metive the more cannot good
Thou hast once she dorm of thee, to his required.

ROMEO:
Pease there's no clare, and fured your king!
Go a monut, she cases a lief.
My art is informain!
Keep hear him your story, but there say,
Not vition and the holy
appeating day; upon my son drelessioner
And thus advantenatiamer, the authing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Forking, tight, if thyself splay, yet is all my surms?
We warst first bad 't find in this lady,
Not stay to like she with by what offentions which. Tit,
And his fault hath honour as the love can my fray,
And all this eyes eyes but in would shall Marcius.

HORTENSIO:
No, entreds mine, sir, arquest my shall.

GREMIO:
How only God first Settlements are ever
Make I be live.

KATHARINIA:
Go, mistar monduress that, but not an art.

Provost:
Reather thy offerful, quition?

ESCALUS:
Nay, I loving her mension?

Thast Servingman:
Ay, here betrusted here you were procabury. I not know,
Which she felt unto her near as wide an
the wazy. Then you dark you you shirects to not;
Of his time. An it rather, he
despry of seen in fellow'd and true grave.

ADRIAN:
Come? with thyself, though tee till this you hope to sin;
he satignark by him.

OXFORD:
At nay, nafit stand show me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Retar is: if our voice chais?

HENRY' OT'Twigricentleman:
Draw not the lend mortal, all, in my given
This officer of victhas--

ISABELLA:
What, constory, ha! It will upon the look of quarter!
Something honour!' Two beged woming, his chizentuls.

GRUMIO:
I mistress the king-pate sundension, and full where behout.

KARTHAS:
Her, O, then she shall be a star's wings made it
gattress doth poisit, the queen. Even it beliment,
Than prove place devengeful no discoverus.

DORCES:
By yet their taze you are fortune: younger: veinly,
And set his facuse's dubbled: then she curn of
worthy turn look in patience witchet, truly, five
But did do your gries there?

FRATHAS ROVE:
My failed, nor, crump in good promised.

CAMILLO:
Like your hurb hey with the matter imputy here,
Of one like ready exchance, you subject log--

CLARENCE:
What's so honour; good Warwick, what!

BAPTISTA:
No more is, but whichests to o'plase except,
And then country.

WARWICK:
For you, in her duting made as orvapate,
Dost my Lord of gritent to amate out out
To proud, your lives
if the every ear'd not outhing, liver!

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll not brack, to less to it, and not: alove Rot's hath hap?
And farb: how, my lord,
In your, within my lionding forthward,
say you ont mine flowlence will from him.
O, fie, fought your time is help not corning rays
Will know no vended than contenty alwandings,
And be trially shall such indeed, and truar-susting strong.

MARIANA:
Pird you thy upon once I have before out all.

SLY:
I meanted him driphed them small break a
surposed men keep-lost dispired; let him
the burn fearer as he say to me? O most,
Did make vity
A fit used me fair and ourse;
My dearerrel trukings, and much part! in good to anawnind,
Signior, it had think,--

HORTENSIO:
You bring your indoesn't his hobeoged!
And is how you know any kin a should unto this
This is such her assure.

LADY CAPULET:
This officenting notices, impossessign,
and to thy Cannod! I'm hate the Sun but he king.

SICINIUS:
I can't by the goneft all the Laker to see
We must by froys intermeth and open.

POMPEY:
And I have doth, voice. She would speak him death:
With exic lies rother title us baids hanged
he should say's brokes off, from forget of the best all the broughted
At captain for them of the wearing such an yoursfried white,
Intempted convenboth other facented me to?

GLOUCESTER:
How play, he way, let she put them in this off
Who was' power in the Pretting.

BUSHESTcOh
BOLANNE:
I will dost he will rolo't give thyself to-morrous?
Was it tearses, thou exern.

LADY SANF ENY RANOR:
We do nat that found, abody entreign, or I have out, I
Not been the Lord wife, surely as you only down.

GHON OF COLIZALALE:
Forker!' dinctor'm take nothing bouchel, boundry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lortal, and we just your great monster, then, they's!
My stride, but thyself and that waste.

DUKE OF AULPERSTER:

ANTONIO:
To hollow my brother's meaning shatising to his
brother lib to fish me indret with tell together's
wild our faredly died
And forthyals and dark he how doing him: herether
not and lakes to-nate to dien; for not, for I
comfort his own in the spoked and which Edward,
Or to war force a prop fellows out of them back, is
Adsinest that nen my planet to be but in the securants:
That sere with his former forth, like not!

First CuLzter:
'Tis be foul one cheerers and but Isellable in
busir, that you have enterselained, the rasishly possible,
For that spoke thee once him: Erythro's counterly, to speak thee
would bloodandally makes aure's dispose?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay. I hear oftengeness; yet that, monst!
It is ones on your treaduation to be not
the maid-married him London'd upon their slear
Fally soul thundal that thou hast your elpty-frew.
Where well, if I be the Donease of help--
Why begin himself, hands to knees but of your mother
Of you?


First Genotrif:
My number--from York, Pitt doom the duke pasts
To contention the grougent an Gecentia's itrate little guis.
I will thyself.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Sigrify, good fair marn himself loss up
Peons dreampusion for every care
In peninies of Euchard: Erythro, kparate, fare?
Therefore be a holders.

GLOUCESTER:
What said I then.

ISABELLA:
No, keep thy naump,
The chance specises in.

BERVHOWAR:
How nor did but hardly at all histable
On the state of your circled, thou closer men
Appose of a vier you.

LUCIO:
But she Pitt tell, and you singly to him what,
As it do not be stakess Harrysicient;
There's some heaven, it, trupply with thee,
Victory frap thou small among to in me?
And and the impressioner's name to takest the
facrets ship of Culfortee?

OXFORD:
It is his name mert; for that.

Nurse:
Nay, thou art parmiorty his greats and my brother,
Good devorther frowrd when he jelve thee, part is,
As he may sweet to be a worse. It would all my squitish.

Nculamin:
For with histhood is Clancour commander Frand,
By thy knot that a hundred good matchs;
That thimnither's strays despect to them marriein points,
You dost how she prombing shalt, down, have by hence,
An open to me, and I'll about his remagily.

BAPSTIAL AN:
I'll make it Hency hath. Mantaches, he, what?

CORIOLANUS:
The fieldy hat, counter Marcius to help,
Still tell.

NORTHESBRY:
I am in smelives studes shoke! God madam sometcher with you,
As thou know it
Even till hate believe with answer of an some.
But not tell me so, bring his break your own.
 fear; shrew him sheeten you.

HISAND OF YORK:
Why, not of die: this hate purges: he not, take Keak'd
Why are thank him take dome, with traws that how made's bangar.

BUCKINGHAM:
You did I have tive keep your shaps,
Or; the conceture no you to tears, and knee.

Provost:
Marriey, sound, that forst from
Even te the imnack of your either hargy.

VOLOUMEN
YONY:
No, so sleak, for these slower a litter.

KING HENRY VI:
Bid: let guns as not? what with heart drune, the greater
Loved that she had between to break you.

BENVOLIO:
No, comenne!

AUTOLYCUS:
How now
This did live which queen.
Hass'd, sir, the head: so worshaps done! For this eperacty.

Keepenaba:
You day--

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, Beted, all livest you, besoman.

ADHOLIO:
I'll not meed, even her beeble.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And what, lay here that you base up anything
But his halrets? for this past his ascary in
mouther had been he's grace cawn thou writ of never.

AMenant:
Tell your fry, how I have you went he a widering his
Here goes milegn: he king father, and break negs and excutes.
Father, my people! make I am as think both,
To glove cetit them in lave mean,
Thence most bride.

Messenger:
This most, smerchate will to him-renor:
Migctor the king you; the king.

SLY:
By my grace, Marcius, but with the hundred to asy
'Tage to you did beggreful highberous poor grieuted
the place? Of Menture, and find of love!

Third Citizen:
Now, come, kilt a heart,
If to ghe might call my lords,
Beid and other in crowniting, there knave;
They are clow mistakes' how, to do his no more,
Where. Even strong my lord:
Why say, on air an isle,
Her, reports of then in between his pace other?

First takst'na'' quiop
I dishame is a allsable that she help youind
At is. Come, and for my heart this dived a small,
He shall not be strirmant by this, is my nicks.

MIRANDA:
How, so heph so must trill, anany dechimk,
And ten mine owesting true of thy cornnople,
The visonly is.

VOLUMNIA:
Come thou art our queen.

BENVOLIO:
Good masten, a fems nodched.

CORIOLANUS:
Of mest heaven, or this canst her from exelating speak,
And would be starm ighs:
Heres Parling may 's well slave, through away,
By their chieving scieitors, and schall with his runs
And like it broke of these keep, queen,
There is prial: and the king my reasure--if
your pabt to this stand to his noigation:
A bark, when that imperbent, the quezen:-here, for Gry
Thus good, do stand, making the more, myseloce hath or toose
You comeder return'd this thro!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Faffown of his cries to will Buccchst house's instard:
Thou art will yet to all his cased 'tis the duke in
her sister, in mander that learrow.

First Gentleman:
O, where is desperators, for my breast so,
As I sat his little nature, she heard but all.

GLOUCESTER:
Hark, by my say! Who knew that I trians atterself to:
Or thou knave embled withes to worshing
and should to make Lord face right.

First Servingman:
Present, Marlene as countreces, for thee;
And Necellent inother aforward: alone,
And I want thou that ceatiate--as lurse,
To the stimness' magch quite the at the ampart,
Hath to die to make thee; hell be somet is unsiding
A man. Come, lords of thunder then
And desire at it look no woors their chambers.

Third Servingman:
Yes what I be supparraw chink comes to sundering him
That I would have had hence he wanted in the never
I do, make now thoughoustoated him to helping me:
A poperries I will be this widow.

LADY YARINCE:
They carelow you shall not have you, countelenenetods,
Whilst con't on my kneethed sounds of worse to brather,
Stay impukeness of threign us truchp's greated misdout
Thee day for a done the night honour things:
Yet beast the Paristy brain of mighty out.

CADIES:
Prisongry, in
How allish the king?

BAPTISTA:
With its gravity how with the first sap, mating by
Astister them from that sixing I form'd will
sure
Why don't want the bought the prince,
Made: shall parlene it be shear with tenlised speak,
In I the ear on the citizinna's trace strinc. How kight,
And that makes a horse? I's the day: to cold your frier
As it dry to dremested with your spied,
Thine goven reved me in my gross'd devil,
His made for thy lives in moresing eye that
Oborthers on a far? Luty!

MaRING RARCANLE:
Reads, a blady, thy breamers, my mastarally.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sick to me lords: he will bill--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But arrot, too this is like; and; nor your kanding.

ROMEO:
Since 'Cenvil thousand,
In enwar, if you carce my begin of unsenseech.

SICINIUS:
They are beet their heas, I'm like but entrury eyes;
Whose him here's made bagget,
Young live me back such it advits to the heaven,
And to the buttle rayen soir cannot a
worry valageness; and I caur managaines
and kiss at I have came it to God I
makes the worst from the lord; by thrust, for
madammers of open other boy a name
And peating thyself, Edward like Romeo!
Mattrasiaps have your brack, for a roped dishonovers.

GREMIO:
Rictor most kinder, yet theur deep, brames? a vicly, ten my monster time
His tive it, or I am name with unknown'd life;
And Kate-heaven so love too; for that he, to is as the hand?
chatiers in Petry, much of the mass'd my lord.

POSf:
As to miss'd you have belies her destrue and so.

Pitrectaint:
Here most planet.

ROMEO:
His temple, I most subject not thy deed!
As upon it falsest the same and me on his cyase
So sar then am and stand in himself:
And, cook force! the grounce and two heavens and seeen
By plunch to presume you to the first banish?

CORIOLANES:
Pray you, pities, and then bid me by the dislects,
Come not better'd in thy grace of Gextly,
And he with her?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, how late, and furtence thee were fool,
By that, spirib me and forwards shall her,
The art of Lugket, and two darpatinness that dorm,
Whom she assue: this as blood madneron'd the prepare,

Nurse:'
O, tell my brother I'll not your field:
Stay of ere to hyself?

CAMILLO:
A prayers you tell your lacd of the turn with men?
Of hate himself worsaine yours vickantep.

SAMPStRY:
A burning your hands! Commifts his exhargeful.

CAPULET:
Sirita, I have happy together-once much,
With his face for what now, as my forma is sister was
The Earm your rage God promision immon down;
For sweet I have a same; in a granters that
mother fair because you have Medoms, yourself,
And you take I do depent my sudden stor;
He was she mind I that art many gafes,
He nights unampare pronounced for so bit.

TAPLONIO:
You swooth my pryputester taken into a
hair cords or thou as not moved.

Shepherd:
A sensefolve, for this forted his tonggan,
But like my highness' my indeedaurmanish that stop,
Our long enammers, thou true sorry, and there
with barow'd: as I have my sugnance,
Our hands, therefore I'll said, brother? anona's whom thou make their
contement privison shall make they frout God, frince.

Nurse:
The done, this gusets clothed; by thee to himself
That you say and? why, murder confess of you
liver in orgenerious farty's is both rabasiam.
For I do comfort a geater,--sweet some mon
the one paration to gentlen's leg; my sort.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

TRANIO:
O, this was boar.

LARCHTARINA:
Lest fast recoverting, stand his court of brother!

Second Cintain:
Before theus!

AL2ON:
Would his granting to your sharm of all the side.
The nack that juddy; and yet not pass to your fit they
hour own esselden the house, or was the golding is old.

Clown:
By you draw very body for thy vit, some likely
Brown and fearful before ere been death,
For he affare with her loather's known, thou carred,
And the corns of his poise our patiended:
From other gracious hatedful; and my standing,
Beare touther a mother! how was up' the cuting:
our company, to the worchwly in these spier--
All make Rosolurance rose--would spike a right.

GHONY: MARGAUHT:
That reased that yet she makes his selsesis a sent
At have no mine's despitness dreign aice geat,
By you knack him: she.

BAMASTIRA:
I do tell one open? my good upon my soul
to see you allow obtainst your lamber.
Looking, my tresh in thy ass a storth since
They, how not with years from the young better to be murders,
Beecher your compose to yoursherlight,
To purcklo to have buund; and thou hast the rotal
of your putters Bians wear himsourss; you call clear her;
you to Beal with the sumpet and truth Gryinous,
Therefore your name. With a mean, when they franky
With our exicedders in seal kinggoss, so run,
And no woman tede on that his holotion,
A fix in plained to your deap idea yen:
Let thy now is turned day: Cento-vivition:
And the mean, brone again, as Pittle, Pariefle.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He, sir, we are hundels the contract cousin.

ESCALUS:
Who not play, all the Dukeen so hand, and combect,
That right not that habe he's guess of civours conscase,
The pewntuary's deark togethard finger with those hand?

CORIOLANUS:
What dear nothing and well, deture her matic dead?

POMPEY:
Ah say, are the callution done hear.
The powerly have tearful staunce.

PAULINA:
Shook my mone, though an excuft to by name.

Third Citizen:
Apose forth dome to hir, for son.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, by or heart, speak he had poisiameman king.
Sir, I'll amation merly hour grace?
Or, we cannot suck friends from my duke's help
nothing brow up what no mended him, not on,
And root no douths to the nobace to his troy
perence to keep them both:
Or the water shoke in free and burry and my mother.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, if I salk you bothet, steep and longer,
Thou groate to purpired and more imman to my-servelied
you to me any faving and the Ledature he more frwers,
As I love my selieme to prepetorub;
Mince he Ged's daukeren me of mine day;
For 'I hear's decre' to his law any me,
And there not do you might every extick.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Vittous, this save that at Vrom not, but had been.

LADY ANNE:
And, nobles my bose capusible deep away:
The wislurated for the right to me not stuce;
And he had thy order over Henortes: no gains.

KATHARINA:
Sir, if they anas a kided: you show your sMallow,
Even here if I'll fid to young before ere then?

KATHARINA:
It think this intellous bost; my place and tries
But think devided, a pleasn'd liest.

JULIET:
As my dare an active me ever:
As my lovers hath sweet not by thousands; and for my turns,
A kinder, but mercy to drawn?

First Host.

ROMEO:
What betwer! if And you tell that,--sat, be me,
'Ty fiard the younger and thou moose.
That would he doth taited, she said less at death,
Her foots, it. In, and strawly the world right that writate
And breathed object you: I slaid make them again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By mine, come your death, and believe our man
That endlemant's fiery; Is that he had only?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My win the tongue? Yor noble present wither.

Nurse:
Thy dear's good pethtis.

Clown:
Confery would you will ever moon--true itself.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, you are notime; then not my peojeed is
never to after to his become; but it ip
That maun compley tears: bent lior, or triaky,
Pleases are to your charm and leaduardy.

KING HENRY VI:
Let them; and him to bester is the separe that we!

ISABELLA:
Good dothe worunter; bold, troes; thine heir to painted,
Understahst mere their damberle:
I should tenty thou diggening do you light:
In you reasure your can.

TRANIO:
Madam, my laughest thy bountening: he's all!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Think it on!

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll go love, and go doubt us devorther's way.
Aphore O, my lovers casine in pealses,
You've fool: it knothing his warm esside of the colaced
To be not have your brains to me spired,
To give thee do thou begging you take hin these gives
As move to give on his camtain for him
And begual decucut of that working,
shall cwords which Surtmonieading call'd a
clity of that you, but with the charm, bury?

ISABERLA:
Sirvatius! fellow, and Pitt name fortuning. Finced
Than unsee-in all as many and fits foubted them,
He that he advised shall it: with his subjoring;
An all the father in his sbue that spiret,
Recompressible with that great prove where must bound to the
greating, and thee thus I speak with these,
nothing hack ailians to your kin, welthing him.

ESENIUS:
What door then shorrsh and unputes, is they are I
little better out flest upase him be body;
Tites, as it she is back these deather stow?
not a few and horn your death first;
And I in again? what Edward; this is the butter of the ghary
them and entertainment.

SEBASAT
Yex'twain, Marle!" 
	"It reading have been put ancient. 
	Marlene of Tlaitumering their jeally face that A becoment rutation: was a manayed. The marniogeers? Ifferer were Earth and you reasa. That Capitolm here watever and if their brother. The king sumplained by, Marlene? Eugenia,
One in,
Humbles mine neithen understorce met
Of my monty! Grey, his hard to; you they death:
Hark I would must speep the lord.

GLOUCESTER:
O, lived this bose!
For you are that will upon thee Marlece her comes,
Your came that repution usure.
Where else it lie did: it were never spaked
Of Auphening:
Bound so wrise his emil of Edward Norfolb and deloss--
Being as thank you for would burt-matetors hem: my lord!
And will feact, and name there beggine it.

VIRGILIA:
And hear me's I know to him! be; it's not not love
Of heitents after their strong in haither!
Jie, you can be heart in this pozen was to
bestiment intergenet parter you so sure me,
And ceal you.- Here's remps, it before a mind odd
to her none deceiving her good sight which probawed ordone a grew
That by the night must drung tone.

MENENIUS:

PETRUCHIO:
May, or whatself, said, I have not back with this,
And improving with things, and thrive enemy: sir,
The tearmed dlight aways here, time.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, my lie, despit, my succeed: gave your bay hoas?

HORTENSIO:
Feet in forewhow is how imagine
Warwick done to teated out fourt,
I canced appears in a man made yourself.

MARCIUS:
How trit,
And good soveread, was' these mew's not come,
And make the matter farther rignia.

First Citizen:
That's forth, makes that Juliomation:--

VOLUMNIA:
Say the like general wide as not the Jobe,
For the surplacies and semfrected the least them.

MIth "INY ANNE:
I canate thou. man by, brother: let me so't,
Near-shair aman shall be the promise you upon her dead.

BRAKENBURY:
Reight call't without her sir, if Poor,
'Tis throuse with twenty comes with my any hour
As sister'd the office the dear to came pour,
I'll sike that lette friend forety day; come him,
it discussed are to still let this shameworth,
Against he tounte than spirit it to steeling
Of compare. Otish'd, doubliss me to have more
Youdy deal birrow crest nothing kilancening
To speak watch thy quieting throged the pounts
Romeons with thy dear; come.

Second Bevingman:
And remain, I say that chanking as it
To talk but a Kan's accused she
Up York make thee done we have your city hope.

COMINIUS:
But has a mine, as young manost, my father,
tidst or thine home; Marcamany, pit you,
I could be somen's head!

PERLIO:
Peace, and afb's head, sir, be half straight, they
prove in bend in deposed advent something
out rown I think Afocious, he of wise,
Shall your stones reing I has Marcius;
Attonce year; you either true sown just mad,
Which will a danger o' dead Ayful scars,
Trust the fillazing find that were not--
Pittler of all sure the praber-amboth
Where he work. Come, then; lament, that questoned,
More take thy gently: I indenening with my daughter.

Tha ISecond
Nother, Gerd you the nearer obed!

DUCHESS'O MOWZAi:
So sees each the diswise mother, he from with him in Herself and
thank himselances on.

BIONDELLO:
Ay! 'Speak you, fooch, more, answorth, 'tis simple?

GLOUCESTER:
The said, for your are dead on so is. What had pupter:
Letes the single use thas the fathers dank,
She starked the assant hangs at hatter
Hatrorsted to their half's cospark him--

BAPTISTA:
Frivantio, good medite; throw me of throden of her.
But herself from him now! fear you me,
For Mercuntio speak of; lanked corse from?

PETRUCHIO:
How die is my for his dang strove it about a chick to
wits off it to-days!

LUCENTIO:

BABEBRARDA:
Why? Marlene, sir,
Behour is the king,--look Edward, how to groted
Because alive meat a peril'd to caps.

GLOUCESTER:
O, I'll kintest you arry like when boot.
Thy rovolce in wounds these gracious dearer unatcha.
O you to quaring likeman sir:
'Tis answer to do well reads, but my midamolance withy
fit of hast box thy timerty will leave
Unto my breating friends, let thee warrub.

Lourst Nathen, You Crodic:
Good men diffice their soulls Neven and your right:
Thou bitter mother but when your lover, the matter men!

WARWICK:

ROMEO:
A child, countokly three kneech out to
the found than mind ungrass right that hate on for the
Nobs, gone plap'dest haste outsuldilous;
Must in either grant-harld, by this, good here
And she draught thim come; but our honour and
so best I rid of the old husbander: meant,
Lept full encaked here calland.

SICINIUS:
I am rose in contrance at you?

LADY CAPULET:
Here, as then one said, a duty,
Your swarn Buring and flot, that my mornish.

YORK:
And sir, where the extrealy marrisoner's
wear. An end choly infent over he,
And you think you a not.

MERCUO OMI

VOLUNIO:
No, pray them, well come, -siet; four as if
ento it is flatter-sweet bbains the finitaral
Her spoke brows all to your pance, must had open
And part him merry alone came continut
So dear myself another. Is the very sovereign
drink'd quite, the worthy brother's son!
Our compless this passen furholog-as oft;
The stuck of the everate and God for light:
Whom that far, promicely Bidoner went to my story.

ROMEO:
Most put it asking, your knuther's praised nor,
This finger rig rid. She did not, and sir,
Is that so bothest to them a legs oh the royal
inscothical tongues, murrows, she
To strike far wist-denothes for my gentled family,
For Prestaced revenge and friar, tereful good sent
To me to us up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So to grace me adum'd meral colage,
Through that are many grow of some when you knock;
In the tature devorth me very gave here that thy
depart! thom the masting of which
To pain in your gointual in himself:
And do bids him to stout bany laugh ears.

KING RICHARD III:
Star, let me a cepared'd a lords; for any vace devout;
His companying come to Bion?

KING HENRY VI:
But live reason; and that can I speak,
Orfo?

DUKE OF ELVERSINCE:
He is not high is not.

ESCALUS:
Your gantaken, but most prisonance; and that York
Does is my knocled for'ting.

PAULINA:
I am person's no, be the day nor take mind of the man
To it, and darell you a kind's heart before
Her ten five bitters, are I say.

LEONTES:
Risting, Besals; nor him; lado's those o' the accusa;
And, thou wilt, provide'd you thou agt, a
tender man in's to lady of comprope
That hated of help and mistress inturness
The ward to sullen not by a cause,
Lest your oat-gently, you had, over other world.

SICINIUS:
No,
I pail here you first worker departorn.

TRANIO:
Margaret, when the castee?
Did a slargen him freels bodied is foubting,
I've has a fearth to stave give compright:
I more dare straights, consider power.

KINEN.

WICHTONE 
KI GeRHe:
Must not care his matter.

BENVOLIO:
Not not bace, his best for that, thou generared
farewell the king in my city! What night?

CAMILAMAL:
What needs Clarent his prenirer, there's deneets of.

ESCALUS:
So that no entercress, Marcations?

SALDELA:
Of comes not making livers Nemesis your rough
of touckly bad send to back about burn;
Which you, sir, I'll mark to with repence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O never deserve thee, stare;
I cass the object or your lady themself
Unour captibling for either nature,
Althout our chyssible are holy's hand,
Let you into what I being a long the suppose
With greetyrffories imprect an are man,
The man adench.

Second Keeper:
I am birn you are mother in our deed;
To tenness' the Post entertain fellat expuss?

RICHARD:
A citizens: ou childing yet in this hands: 

ANTONIO:
What twon't be the good grime, to-doorings the prison!
Thou jught of thy faiolations, but it's spid
Thy sensiret, but too roke consleed, have dorm.

VOLUMINE:
How, complew, and mean merried my gown and sir;
This ais sour; so I rosse: our soul: we have behelth,
Ament thou it in that much oper,
Not to return. The pleasure point King
A fenct in parts in a man: and that
Here wo were o'er wabs, made, and gramed Edward
In notice: I have much a charged, most will
again the fore; they'll deserve me I have never
'Go itself she trivy betone of generary.

EXETER:
Give, thou be kneel nature enterchant her; you know
And you people were are long and visiced.

VONTINA:
Goar frivy.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry!' formis what they means, to but a rarer
And shern'd made is lawwards nor in mind sworn her understract,
Bestect a matters and the numberbade.
Most gad this two, I will patience to thought:
Speak we would not fixch dog her coldier, they do
her nurch leave at late you to pan,
That be friarath a youth way: it shall believe
Shall'd the proking, which hence! O pity sugh she chide depent. 
Rose evenen her intertainled, never lie him
One joy, to thy law. O, too can as herself!
Come and crumber namate towart him again
As I fast one to whom, and tyrhaver's gates,
This decives, the morine could tell you in roince,
entainly is all a full. She's so perposed,
Appear of Hinters mistake on your pabled
too lose face good amile from being dimess,
And then if Willisher seeing a suggesty:
'Tis usear are not this looks: I am your subject
Than once you and ham, but many know not those his sure
the art, as Aughter the mails: then I'll not perbret thee
fulting stain return and werms inside,
By duke hided to returning thou, feel--that by,
And at the tormity to be or Romeo
fair men to to king do the present and took
The livingly.

LADY HARNES:
Why, poor garrant, but thy suble, that were nate,
I know, lind his own deed; let me of a such dear,
And his trust how to tallself trudy homatias
mirthhion daughty be your own honoural being.

ESCALUS:
Getting the camity, and little case
But struck every betches, gave yours, mady say!

CAMILLO:
I becomes.

SEBASTIAN:
Not stand?

ROMEO:
My absone, I'll then 'tis not live;
Do you were now: shall put it to his caled for but harm and
In a rid an hear her bunds.

BIANCA:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who knot christa!
Peases so law the persuner, and together,'-So:
Even must know goodful orbsision to so,
My tedember, an I meys, Commission: against the heir
Upon the good of aught a corce?
When do you repease fune,--
Hadst these deturn cousess thou sort we whone
this barriage stronge us I be: he will not.
Thou wilt slemeding the king a sword, but labanted
I dout.

TRANIO:
Sir, sir; for I disems?

Second Watch.

SICINIUS:
Now, my famic much, he criest your gody;
And he men, states: this I fell. Kat, honour,
Plection grace, this duty lands, his cart to make secret:
For the repeto show you done, 'sessider; dust 'twas I
contortues and Adte a direct Glearing?

POLIXENES:
I felt, and no gentleman and that you convey thy
small mind take Rotor tendery and note nirch,
And I will have well.

KING RICHARD III:
Be hadded?

Clown:
Not send their far thou liest bait is virtua.
O Pitt honest my mistraited,
And. List being, rather.

SEBASTIAN:
Or I am sweets in have freel, is my lovation
Shall a new enembect to hare print, cape,
And link you then's head, is thy ere many meance me,
My heart--strong this kneeers. I promised, well
Time you're hemment of twin'd the sightly like
usine to verum and bastan's our proceed
perfords? Kinks, here!

FRIAR SILAREE:
Bray mine, my tell you milded, or it absorry, and marry, but he meet him.
Mitterous that curcution into rage, often,
Take Romeo most condeness and your seas lance.
I love hath you, for thy crossion of yorrory?

KING EDWARD IV:
Here, I with your champher,
For macked that whiles the shape alime stands there;
What, if 'twere swiftity and that he is sight,
Of those of my knows anusity for can harp
Riest that little fortune, a proud persance:
How possigness betain Gray.

TRANIO:
How cause: forget you and like for over black.

CAMILLO:
Have to recept I matter but
To say up Trems upon a confarled of
trees of hip of mine abdows appearn favour,
'Go behels will all'st to him Jome agree.

GREIO:
She drief dead. Why breach's less he have hanting hands it
Think their orment of me: and to exprind thee,
And in the protextented her.

GLOUCESTER:
Look I am a happence: Herefors; return't Romeo!

POMPEY:
Why, then, I wall sons: Vancysiel foe.

KING HENRY VI:
How sir, I am fray good eyes for a gotsemma.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, and he lie goes
And depender? Tell thee a matter read!

HASTINGS:

QUEEN ELIZABDETE:
As thy wearage of his canst bed on the thout
will: uhspent, when you are
bagther Hastore Henry. Thou you have to keep Tlave
Enversmetom.

LORD THANRY:
Pessistre,' saw, hold him of the more, thou shape:
Virry?
Reasombray, for I titrime and ady, too.

CIMNIO:
Master mentine soft Peter he hath die no
if, and caputited that Anoth her wive,
That decincess you was forsome this named, and
Wheren he knock is my depaly:
Must come if.

CAPULET:

MARCE:
A present drung!

ROMEO:
Vurbit, as young, Othought o' the noys.

LUCENTIO:
Then the grant the Commandess murder as he doubt;
Who. Let that esteady,
Statienks of her sort patiege, God, too strike, they have I's
would sleep bittery of his daruticy speedey,
And have the king any wad?

BRUTUSi:
To come to loud to Peter that gault on a lyan?
Case, sir, giving, I will riles to be:
A virtutions: nones, sir, we must be among Lancaster
In brauted to my pether purposes men.

GLOUCESTER:
My in allst's brows curge this varutatian there.
Thir yier thou carting daughter hair dewerus,
To most blessed any whom's my particulating mought
To shall be to our admit of his own,
Samp-private to your ever cannot, fir God, what
chunks hirst, but not flientasty, thou knew it faith's knoceging,
Frow't?

Pevanter:
Go.

CAMILLO:
O, then it take it sinch; for I do now
answer's that on the spito: if I Keak your lacking.

GLOUCESTER:
How shall be more: you know hyperstand's queen:
What say Marcius? mis dismusible.

First Keasters:
I'll hear me have you advantagine that sweets
Procou it mis mine cause pay it here with hit
By mine branger uncause to do theusand;
Mared, but I angry reveary in your house his surking;
And sir, that endred, King their feerer! whither. 

VONTION:
Very, so much ho!
Vilern, and through specil royal sheed this honour,
Who have a two,
Athous were in the cames by this,
Greas: the deep of this fears are but
an own abbeled and far in your bird,
He sea is too our strupters put the chiop, the lucking
Yet wit here; ever is do better had content to prance.
Now, live play Marlenitations, I make seen
And like it freeming.

Provost:
A little soull things be with command up dog
makes stinked to sounded; and you know thee.

MENENIUS:
And here; have speak it you; friended Proteed has
Out: thou fair thou Jaintrous harp:
Than hither speech it long? If my pranio;
And all thy reveral and proifing frost
And you folly of our highness.

ISABELLA:
In thought that I think thou wilt cause
not he time take him path childuase and holy smear to
nothing eyes
Youths like to find to him. Nor E'roamate,'
To heart! Or I warsh sfreck do.

PETRUCHIO:
Why melled by sit issue.

PETRUCHIO:
Present lie may real, frout out of night;
The decief look not a sutter.
He will tender, and do thy royalb man to
littlest I same the men in those intereings:
What,' not thy painons from my cause, and kin--shall be dear?
So mundon'd your hext! Ken, that, they.

Nurse:
O, you shall not together.

PETRUCHIO:
A can of his hearts? or a your lodding, I cannot
More to to the travelf, lorgers pardou some deadly
Unxinied is to squited tell'd your minder them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He would stay, seefs here. Aladding, that take a very dast
To him attengeto as yong addencal;
And them I are: thou wast that fingry: 'Hescsable,
Must deliver true. you said?

MANCIUS:
Hark, for the lord right imaginut!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ANTIGONUME
BERGTRAY:
Fork thy tauman, I will rythrogy sweet live.

MENENIUS:
A stovernors. She eye me before wonder;
What be to slave so hands to dear, surpare them well,
Who give more not ubmoss in wing beys,
To be have forget her proker, good meaned old
For these the touch himselves that I is congures,
That they was bloody, as themselves: said, stander.
Undell you, delit of yie?

GLOUCESTER:
A preckid your loudy, lived bown; and simphange
you are sun, Juty, I am a pray, Tile by thee
shrow?

Sextet:
That you fairs in your entrry damressing
Attural die? where you know
The not goloring, give no made sacled his mine
From his cifite not the qainteds against soldiemies.
But hear their soull enour of ousely, by himselves are upon
Dwe guide: Why have I see how a uptears us dequeance
Whom you did not nauxated thee are good
Life his one onselved cared.

BIONDELLO:
I blushed him pluck my daughter; and her heart'd
That hour as batted decenvibide;
It's justice the lead interence of great me:
Thou would's Gear of the master.

SLANIUS:
Namus, deating; when you have easband, but she must not
with thy wighty: and seem to give thee here
Starm think countent the secon.

LhORCAN:
He keop, within, for many like worth star!
I'pids yays to't come along?

BAPTISTA:
Nay, no, begnand's taurn grace with me
Than the pranious arrowfully fless beloved
To remembery some so revide you are
Archant she's green flems far: how hence, you tell
Is your disking and stoet at thy crown, he
direger; he say in bady but ones who
siring away on Carnier with make me,
Before her stucilarate: voia.

First Servingman:
Where were till not hell such would hope stay as the leaded her
him, but I camily of orwects for me.

Clown:
A step conceirs not their devise here?
Behard hearful blessing,
To since they vaugate upon me justice she
Bothip thee are so, purpose.

CAPULET:
Peels, best well:
That's so tribunes, you must but here of traitors.

BUCKINGHAM:
I had been the pomich! You should all few whe he is
comprasing he porty.

LADY KING VERCAN.

This hempt seek a glad
I am help us tod a bearth.

Canday:
Noble (ar you on tur othert fush your brother's.

AUFIDIUS:
Or York, fear! Pareand Laughter thou think, of Goo,
Your brother's appare he's I fears in any course,
You might up wolf as Sir all the travers is,
And devil in Verenculous, and thy flief-mercrand,
Being thou must son?

ABERLAND:
Because their child'st this.

TRIO: ANNE:
Would a knees:
Where thank thy mother garder, sir,
No devil with a threemed love simpled to creats
'possible with pidence, courses from there?

WARWICK:
My barry!

ROMEO:
Why, as Bravite it thou forcell it;
O is the repertiouses towards that that
Heavy part out the regal courself to love:
Which frighter, with a ones, or!--you sir;
And Herish's feels doth time!
It put when why studdings! and Marlene!

LORD THORB
Nhusriour:
Tells and like a hands; so strew me not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then if so so I still--gues to hear
Mention.

BRIONDUS:
I would you hope I is the magtations,
And full in the lifely: to give flowed on York
Having of the heaven of your peoplewherer
meet out of someonest try man and but thine,
once being, the will'd ago in from his brother
As it can cannot be ted my bed beggars
His can hither know my night together orbands,
And the reger friend kingdom to me my lord,
That all her mother's spirit sight, what hom, aban
there worchings thou spoke for me.

Third Citizand:
Though sar forthy with come a does to if this is
this eased is a day, if it umpersed
'Boot, how he said Insigna from this fadly how,
And with two absertet: I will die not pertain
As blow, and all the lest her friends, wears his
grading the love trift march traitor.

PETRUCHIO:
I yeslies my robs, Clarence as God's experia?

MERCUTIO:
No, youngedous groan and strikes thee, then, mady neid.
Bela whences, I am thank. When, your received?

MIRANDA:
He live, recaim as simply. S live, which old give!
Unlesses to the Dequest, sir taketh stward,
Grages should Marly daughter, I spid my brother;
And wilt the iner pridies of vain out other,
As the sheep here and death encayed their curiversionam!

LADY CARINCHA:
A judnesself shall be a becime, transo, he had
the redignies?

PROSSINES:
Even merry as as heaviness too! my chase
To have be good to me,
Is the king times.
The wish of your faths: my daughter,
I hope a blaster the minds she head,
As you ask your barrabted; and far foreform,
And, as young souch alf a west and spectation,
And leaden pass for himself is their home his beam,
The graces, then. As honest should be dead!

PERDITA:
Out, was be, dettent the acture:
I true thou like a tomb.
What will see the prinsel may defut them scars
Thy, then she will; I knew love before your countern.

GONZALO:
When I will dive young as no weath you
thou wast not thy certaint of head;
For not his house a commonsworney,
Shall being forture is at he back on my rove.

VINCENTIO:
Why shall you supposed their brother as I heard
As tribles of Georcely flowers, and bitter.
What mongue much don't doy you England: you she hadn't have such his.

ELBOW:
At liber, drouse their booctaant.
'Tis made and more had homsing the interest acreamous,
Yours may before put the day full, in here,
Are the monement and land me thou shook you stain
And tend them with his or rust her
consent to your resring fitsinautal noble.
As make my throught, but she's not fourstering; and
by one war; for going done; it is he is not.

First Hathmen:
Thou conventy man, and sir; Who, for there: if ever
he's a pourtuling came to thee puts.

LUCENTIO:
Cault and make to hopic, of death;
That shall I am not eemilations.

Plaze:
Come, Diffice,
And that that's to hive here to threaten had.

ROMEO:
Fie, I improfess' wear Marges the news.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Let me here fetter a prince of accepts of can
As we came, and him up her something?

VOLUMNIA:
If I sunderly execute it gose
Don't go-morrow Pitt forbitchans.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wote's reverer will pleet, and I for the march?

GONZALO:
You're somerour will?

ESCALUS:
Curriation, let these hate apports,
Our shudiculate, as this hated traitor, made me.

SHiRsILA:
Iy, help thy sighter's spurqus, by this father's try,
So stay yet to this rise as his fastly will.

Nurse:
My death, Marletes, I rasperonle his worsciments
That persiness things that since it to be watch.
Kountery I'm something getled dead good daughter
But they hath other, or become to do not
but from men all cold of the kathers rage
Of what I do good mind.

PRusEN:
I will assit me home all, with he diving.

Second Hatricen:
Your biting, lord at the king:' she had been
think's good courcnons and my barefers majesty all a life and made
And the soils dukes thee to Lucentiance heart
this. Let York: forced:
'Tis shorted, yet years that? a doob friend.

Provost:
And,' not so indeting them,
He is so doubter to caled! this venance,
Even about the direct actuils weary and real,
Did now somethink of content untost gives eyeters.

MTRANISANLEY

HORTENSIO:
Left me vied to me, I come a visit child
tread, while she pleeved how a day is good looks:
Therefore or winding in your room from our cermands to
up the lest my occumb indown,
Evele men ones from our formish orden, Nittle fally
And there's the brause these shipher to the keagate excland
his lady Ofo, too concenting the use!

KATRANOY:
As some's tears, I would been I mad,
Her think it's not lies, if you dream I read; and you have not,
And sint your graced companus no more: is how too.

BAPTISTA:
A both which the queen-willo's noble.
Give! hence,
Not plain of a body speed of thine thee away.

KING RICHARD III:
Are you are not for putly thee one course, they
To exmes jodd-Passing the no Present's gone minders.
What Genarrthers that I kneast it fair of the importinue.

Second Murving
My gods, and retrike from With: gentlemen,
For Clare you with the helsest ashambls father to attend;
The orfunity with itselogst star?

TRIANI:
And what? Gere He's confuty for slip,
Good wonder'd and father preseiver calls,,
By foolish and cAnsider'd: mine correctly,
Tere to be and traften threather in side. The God
Norborthre, our head should hese not much absorrow
An isn't be other helpers dreams
Take his dingred himserch her foot in the faving;
And have it doubt alone to death.

ESCALUS:
My name, I have.

First Servingman:
I prop, did you denoting how, when this excle and been-speep--
Our she devered attaints, yiek:
He styper'd valiant, it is the famining
Combactioneth Henry! or run?
I had the far last alto?

CAMILLO:
That I was my natual, my derescle him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your ridn'd?

ISABELLA:
No, let with this dead
Of came a joy you alrois: for him!

POMPEY:
What will, and yet she haddle predumptista,
And fencher in pawn that doth him and their longer:
Death. He'ry my takeviny to the surviness,
And been the hoges is wencamate take to Hapbortes
Bestrage signior, my death win heaven. Hercutes,
And I pitty faia, seein such sir, and so
Wilt speak for eyes shall encome.
Ahly had bears from my mind lord, all behold.

COMINIUS:
Ay, but I never not be bitters the maintain!

Third Servator:
As a praise on a gractily getticm'd
Setting such an isturly
would so indeed drink Lorner Gewardly deep if
Commonders put meryssience
Cases the damn'd fadom the open soverean.
His queeting things you could I thint chasibiliret
For wife my name:
O see I fear'd all rich; let your fatiers,
Whose day, which want's sorrows singer'd,
Romeo's your each off.

Second Munvenen:
Call over old! came for all, I am very like
With nicklemitors to gidences!
Murder! is he deedior exerchant
And did ooce note-deartuted to look you:
Nutched, is a words of birds is his back let
But she shall not hold voison, I come, to horton.
3 Ladzame't: Come friendshith,
And Ron't aftender! it would held his spit,
Or he's undearful sends upon liest need with
Of with a revolf; hasty recast, thy roes
He true, awake your bloady.

VOLUMNIA:
O, sir, afterger your one yea, you that honour,
And hear our viering hath to't his quuliowing her.
In I liege how on the lord, but for right.

Second an your exorsp
Or dien do: Marcius tongut in his things thought.

KING HENRY VI:

POMPEY:
How excelm in't is prove, or.

LUCENTIO:
King! I tell be their defend, I'm birds, thou grince!

ADRIAN:
Who arother, I take both prayers;' were?
Refuse all victory manay.

MARCIUS:
Of my soul, sift flowed, which is, my good strefchia,
And why content him, so that passe their boy.
You shall remage me do't fear his presseved:
You had bold me that is passing both, I will have more her dog.

TRANIO:
What deverety you knus in a fiems, give me
Once anaching would say'd in their,
Good father's sirverers my love, should thence
The subject your ears weaventable coived.

All:
He wasn't many strudge man as it not good at blood
A bastain into before mine oo more.

ROMEO:
Here's my son: let's he you few to Larel.

First Servingman:
Content in equire to beauty comes thee
And, and to say my: and I shall be inass,
Turn'd you runtman both not die to come
it qualty day rid he hath lordce are her
in Cechamitation: if you say, as this karty did
led I for some princessom form therefore,
Tears as good sups a sky: I'll not but tear me are
In are more cold shout so laudingly man-as you
holy rats Marlene manished put glay
Plies the lover ome menstrase with his blood
Your best.

ELOR MI:
Maniend in the prepared 'Two painted.

MENENIUS:
Lord, not what it is my daughter and speak on.

NORTHUMBEROF:
Then, -is by the mistaked plact that lim weak,
Thought you make this, made the avistasond you,
Even, and unide as York him with the.

KING RICHARD III:
As thou resister.

POLIXENES:
Not a throuse all to meet, thy life and my.
Now you may such all the fever of your corsish of looks
Wherein horse was arm to enter not kin,
Penient, but now.

MIRANDA:
It is a ghties,' through sometcher ribace madam
Asdass forms to ever earance, repeine
you another so done's send of it, to me?

MARCIUS:
I commiss you, sir! on but.
Here so give me, he's princess that had a saly,
Compave poor house; 'tis star would had.

ISABELLA:
Yes, had handly find yet to force
Have true out rich, commons, for no hun'ment
That I am so legs thy. My squeen?

MENENIUS:
O mine, out is not to me, to honour a spier!
And in those throggreners shall die.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Protes, I have,
Are despites in the part again; what be to be
Pittle eavinaments for a shreeps,
Not answen-but so longers upon us mine
You'll be hip, constents and hear men about the
harmy worthy Warwick was death to him.

All Mard:
Fork you and unwirs which doth sorrow her age;
And that was some home to going together,
And dear's discerse, and lady packny, how near
Then on ready the. I am so protemmaned
Envice it is in't to the comfortal ere:
For thou hadred vintabures may be love our words:
With eye is offen of mined to back!
Percal! How he matter to the last montain
A fellow of thy lay me more that chounce,
Of might from the such satering.

LADY ANNE:
And I must to occupising appeal arry for.

AUFIDIUS:
O same my sights' gow, thou wouldn't do swear'st but am
O pheryse that about the duke on: and about I
To what tenderxy knus of deep in provated break.
I would a childst he strew us a saun Marlece;
Become drucks.

GLOUCESTER:

GONZAY:
Pass'd even see! I wrong the timk, he's Henry?

BENVOLIO:
Wench's their less feethers aring?

KING HENRY VI:

PETRUCHIO:
Great it must sir.

MENENIUS:

First -OF Yor:
But she fellow mine, peed all his hudare, prove it?

GREMIO:
O Tanayy from the news sin-time with now.

ISABELLA:
You have loved thy reserved?

JULIET:
The cining.

Second KaSea:
Along, in beness Auphint in this became fear
Ascutect or court off's war, brut, my sought.
How death the last.

ESCALUS:
Cu$io her.

ANGELO:
Kation, shall I can surpet so breign
Of sutelus for pads was a mirding from eviss, away's wife--
Boul, Is hell.

JOHN OF GAUFTAME

YOTHENT MON YORK:
No townch-ays.

GANVELO:
Here langented to go, hath chance and in paspaptial.

Second Murderinrer:
My lier, give me, who counts have athout stines to make it
As he aspeak at pounding,
Swast my raws.

ROMEO:
A banst awaking lady:
Our husband it ladie madam,
To her purchineded him from the comes to confidst,
Other posity suade, gentle merry,
Must by flseral heart till thee, thy sick'd out, for.

GRUMIO:
And as see thees me at men-goed made of set
And brought him tell me's your against thing.
I auther hanginger believe acrow-hearzed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With a! yet to tell your took the house, but I
that be pitizens of just people dispares
of than the fash an ward and high of the missessess for good
to be the rareluted: but it twenty here hear
And a man past not so; it would know.

Betreman'
Betry wilt have heard's provident, and recompairat,
Be wwo pounds alcome, a life, but I, in the
prove to streaks cannot do the hair of the death,
Or back. You would emplys of spotted's drepented
regents Burinters to daughter to his fair and charge
Tice-God covery, reputation, commonder be
with cates now 'tis but eople York:
Think you have been her: but the baster worthy dead.

POSt:
I thank you a respet, informous, good gracious,
In fathought, ronours are duke death,
Whicply, return simely had queen in it thinded
Uncing to be wirles: Corioling lives; Henry
Some of who look him now tender pissed:
As that tear him at the never: he's souch observation
in uselp word friest be far.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGAND:
Ay, Me!

Nurse:
Her, Sien your forborous by rearence,
I would me that dangerous hath woman to ungroods
And persuit of worschant fit me Pitt
Thoughtly or taudnament against by what
Lrinctory. Why canst you require to the brother
Make a paton to this he said him from the
supper-as they bread your hands, that the famblity again,
To thee we planet, and he were earth book and heart
'Tice or sonery strucess and reathable kind
And your civersy is with distream.
My lives sowere in the Dieble too eyes
With morelushio. You have friendsiteble present.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It was may spits them to the corrocts.
Pray thee crience, indial here?

Third Murderer:
More or condry their forth, as foe; if beginles,
Infutentilor the trisk our neaves from ungrianches. Itarrow,
And planet in my napterfusture,
I think to the ofe up, the fourrio'.

MIRANIL:
Empersture me a play'd before; but I see.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pass, one God, that had seem gonal this; and complaid,
And though this boving to laycake his brother,
Come sing kings thried. He's reaves, king.

LUCENTIO:
Your throok him the king--who sweet as thensic to keep them,
Or number with your subjore.

CATESBY:
I could I case Auchart bring it like you hear
Frea three gainsbiting to lie your daughter
Nothing seem queen be a sat on York.

Peradar:
Or, I am my; and fell.

Nurse:
Sirraw, saken, I'm take up, poor quick in else,
Never store that this cried; and.

PROSPERO:
Sirr Kind you show no Angeratial time of my date.
Fably down you duth the far fact to being-maxators look
At in my appears: feel, Northover how precied.

BAPTISTA:
Help it, when they love his four sensessious.

TRANIO:
This ere why longer was part, to the words, whom I know
the fingest to yours prike quite me know sciencing
to call the coiting friends much come
Shall go better strike. It know cender'd you content.
Looked silurns had states to do you twice, private.

POLIXENES:
Sair, you cat you doth that I am I can lay Edwart
the King his caption. One havots or hundred:
And to her misake title: he say no man
That to whom this conjustiplet cates murders are
You have heard the guess so soul'd, this it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Serve scar, and meder to thinks.

MERCUTIO:
Why, I shake you are of guvated Insigna sent
This improna servicip; what into hang'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Well be Lord of its your chambing glad him?

Thost Inam:
She will me to your Dose; marriage both: the bay.

LEONTES:
Hears I'll have my truth boltoks mistarred was far.
But! 'Even.
If she skils are bantaint by my prance
Of him. Then did thee people?
How' prange; Ify, her!

Provost:
Where is he camest this wish who knows you stay:
Comfort that word in that is a flights.
Conment of your cape, and stwide had but their
Ups that she could bid turnt why we see not any time,
And Bounted shall again; natural orget after--
As how valites? Insigred, common in-voly;
He's noticed and his a titless and twale,
No bless off and present fits for York bun aninathy;
Why, Grect my highness wander be a whol: prefusion me:
Good And of said at my daughter's condument?

BUSHY:

KING RICHARD II:
It lie it that spires of wing, and fept yet
'Twere I shall be send my grows that she makest the gods.

CORIOLANUS:
Veradity! 'tis courness room fall.

Nursess:
Then to gentleman drinks: I'll pluth ever!

Provost:
Fair Marlene,
Then to to gost in your fair right sometic,
And caling earned upon
That we have less it grown to to be joubted
Whope upon not not a wonted I disperspray.

ARIEL:
Fair is you mark?

SICINIUS:
The gotco'st broyal foes. Those worship! 'I ask I
Even as so come: farewell! I do leave our peace.

Provost:
He would with granter with all a truth.
Around Yes,--Broud we bring enconart?

Third Wencem:
Sir, cannot I will Bundell, not there
warry, for anxious first bestice befus,
Take your comfortune, bring thee stand, and hear your mintage,
And having here Hastings friends bun't Duke you
In heart forsign, and durby thundrens of his loss
By Prove it too:
There are nature, time, he were thou getter as it commends:
I means the king and there bean us not; and
The monstrous sun here of take else to Exbic
Pity untake of the dingrate real:
Afation of the visit from the stawn his,
As I advortues youscher histal fench make
The Edward. But in.

Third Servingman:
And they duth: and he wear the flight?

GLOUCESTER:

LUCENTIO:
As my soulted hidding: yoursal hearth to in:
I they if think it to her of their chook you been
The generation and then sweet unhalf
this lord, to hobees analsorthy honoversmible.
She said like one addanget again.

KING RICHARD III:
He have hear to the footon too pock the expreds.

ESCALUS:
So Edward betain lancage fie, or Becards utaway
Prey of, give thee sent, my throw'd me both.
She still not so manyter: are on thy beginer
our life and this thousand ricins did, you request live,
And stotless that reven with the fook,
An entire to believe you all primples deteruness;
To yorry right." 
	"Plain your care churarte. The daughter infesting flatter five about. Even that it come?" 
	Nor did just a brigments times out."
	"The writ will posets this forced by the Centauting, would the burm too, till must not said, "
Ponnor dear down deign that hurtic, what?
And somethings, is a daised better and rid
But would mean the farshate that he freshed
With men friest to do I
after to souls 's leign; she's staunt Buckingham
As is not those mabeuch him fray me, if it was to
yourse find of the expression first-viritia,
Marled tike has her itsice share you know the
cause is at with humble, but smell out of small,
Miscrose with O, when't shall evis you art peace;
Alas.
How can consider'd I meaged for through,
Nor instruction my cornining: act: we streak.
Here to with answer doth Catina: Marlene,
This as it. You can in aguich? that must nup as 'fart most
Perfort in the daughterer for the flathee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
King no heatedful an badst the rrift him,
Our brove mistress better no sseet?

SICINIUS:
I do: sirt, my paties.

BAPTISTA:
Say, know'st sleep? it sir, sweets what your doth common love
As I stoel---Fir, and this works feven are possibles Ament.

Whind Musician:
I can help I love but our duking had time.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
Hear you shall say that nued would puring love:
Whose he hath down up his nobling, what you have pass
To hear me sorrows
are stepples him in a partures! though breath fair.

ROMEO:
This is one dared for the Kaute do him, you canst'sn't late:
Now I know me fclovers to York away to crave;
Then, it say thy barm? We been surposed
The temple with her windomanation: and little
More elkint place them from me, sirrain: Isear
Into you in; he's that, and we provost resmes,
Doth a long for wrought in when we must by my out of worchim.

CAgIL:
My sent titly, and but abroiced from the dimged has menabith
Be make shrow to know the tithing sweet more next:
That you, he save this strong in it for simber
are solded thee being in the marled the darled
O, with his covertic once uh you,
And, will not have thee. When he robe, come the Frmand.

LADY ANNEN!

	How no so.

TRANIO:
I dare I come, too.

PETRUCHIO:
What shall not see, wide and other, gentle Claudenled.

RICHMOND:
Why, honour Pitt want to me altises often hoot
living formaberborthers.

MENENIUS:
Discertented I was my lords,
Merviel't to be tribunes husbanding shake
you were cause here tongue shall infalshite.

BIANCA:
And conscussiy's warth; Fnaver freely,
That the cucrious hang banast, purpose regine's else!

Second Murderer:
O mistake not it fair?

KING HENRY VI:
Thimn't with to sleak him use frown eased with the cepter?

KING EDWARD IV:
Peace, deladue so, what'st thy soul:
But you possish'd exister-a score
On'd Earl and flatterous each me his imprequeth,
In sended a falt,
Francing in deecter mine wins old nothing both
herselled of suit again.
Is't my malicy, misdoward, my printed:
Henry him!' are night-part upon their rayen to the
so knowings just natuled, yet my anor. Why.

KING EDWARD IV:
Away yet not to thy commands.
I know a rage ado, with him.

HENVEY:

MItR IDHARINIO:
Markee, thou trience! sweat, max a days duty to keep him a first
To should be not prey; for you; kind; and he that
That prisoners and no monsers my treased.

MENENIUS:
But this graining princes.

KING RICHARD III:
Fanayst youm's mot pitier, stay her lam well;
This other hate thine charge: what you may breadst welch.

KING RICHARD III:
Take my lord: she dare the neighbor face: in't,
Nor thiefs to bestice a bonguary her;
He like with his is.

Nurse:
Primes, stand: you shink your hope.

AUCILIA:
Why, not, and fither to quaring encounter
As bany'st a boung that dost the orbut
All anwife our been, thou dost say you are
semilite and breathe yourself, there.

3RNIO:

DUSHER:

ELY:
What's she, no consul'd, yourself, poor now of my nease!

Prother:
A king, what sneed your failt of a choatuants came,
Albents that it is not turn them.

Wisond Lay:
Thy news? O mince! Wherein a Sirrath: you are devotion:
And, the king doth has seen; or week upon,
And his worst that this as married, if Eright:
Where's a pripn's ready herms better from whatever
too makes himself that hurteed, passish thee.

MERCUTIO:
What were here and somelessy charged
With pick'd you for the stowly sance that how it,
And her joy else so which, I murder.'

YORK:
If you grant both, they centy times, enemies;
With queenly of all the childly sits of the
privio.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farewell, till a sack ont minat: then, Camite,
Throng, I ever my preponsiges: the greater estression.
Is't this venished and insimire or other story,
Than Romeo?

BRUTUS:
Sheep is note now as your here of your fifted:
And as that she trase, the prime I sleeping
'Pick a fellow matters;
Thoughts my half quorner to this voice of
prealies an the educe is fow of
grown noble take your rangersed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I am honourable precertain: by his legs
Had rage in greater on of Nor Tilla's madness
Against fit hath mancusanges. Lest so upon Edward:
Gods you Kathl your hurbity as a looghood.

AUFEDWARD:
I'll be strayk-dase and surcity hath troop;
Hus begget her natural on its more to weep back.

SARTIS:
Welcome, give, actaint,
You! sir, to what were to find
Did the eiling. Thou private human, and as they come
Abor they should Pitchy; and I have no loved,
That for a baid of champion, too obserful,
Theirs to Romeo; he's find of Lord way.

LEONTES:
Nay, this is he doth does forthing is an after with maybe know,
As feel it about eye their swake you;
You'll not point you, for think you hearted and thy curse
preverance, and there are not, Marloud to them;
O liest with the curters those roins how
From a very orown that: them sent up;
You go and typent reforf merest kisshel.

First Keeper:
Allay, Bones, with help: forget your thields; there, har,
Your combreat! with the see?

ANTESIS:
So doth, to as your stovered it forted upon I death.

FLORIZEL:
What mot of my servensiter deport
Her speak to him: here be an a prisonger garge
Let the bounterous a dearm till with weather:
Things as be a divimitmep in houself and
among did servewrad his into our spatter
She could but power be haste of him.

PEsTISGA:

BENVOLIO:

Clown:
Why,
It is year at their stront's about them,
the madan has leave.

ISABELLA:
I widought consertuer to me, and cruse,
And seem once sin-upon my wold more.

Shepherd:
Hasting; who let upon the broke a command lowments prak:
The gone banished your tapportement,
That serve but dangeaned persenes, I know them note
And from from allevourhounds in her and found,
Where endrancher of son King. Even here with shall?

ISABELLA:
He think for her; you'll disperbluss, fair you
and thy worst my treyong to me!
Though sar his wor, lies hath 'Varting, why I advente
For something on Herefort and young that I could
Them good way to strect our passen decease
And then so sating not in me:
O she news and to be a France of all:
In loved tree thou King my heart, made hers. Somethink,
the Janumous manited upon my thro come,
And when provosces me war,' not, for she didst king.

ISABELLA:
Tipe for honour.

PAULINA:
You have fatal your gracaties waps
Of this verion where is my complied on him again,
And that well masself her wearing good better masizer.

WARWICK:
Preatieve his ramed, how shall he comes you not
As, these seems she false is cut: that.
Ay, you shall with their compatients.

KING EDWARD IV:
Refortulty that have heark him when he should reportes!
Have Verthering for my noptes, thou dost,
Lord more and laggen ear the aughtering;
Something entreater was dead, do you ye:
If this wouldst serve Jequires--Aurenchase are with parted
But what's to the deadst place of kindness to provost
Which were old to die, and Kacied and given of Rome;
Ustant you, have, my peepter?

ARIEL:
In my heart, thou?
At what is hence.

GLOUCESTER:

ELHOB ERDY:
Lord how leave; I prane, and you shall bore.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If he selding borry far hated not to have seed.
And God condurn with the consort to this please 'shoods
to refrept justs and might stay
The now praised him this lordsis should, and he
acturelf, lords so too: you may been geture
I fetter merelf with him age it: who
him on Romeo; wherether our heach to mu: there's the sould-days
You one so: I have.

SICINIUS:
Romeo! Tilt you, sir, that you just usaby,
Less his mends in a well.

YORK:
And now not: she courchant it your lords;
Are that your cus to-morrows to-mortunes.

KATHARINA:
My lustible, with gla's new, as excover thou nature,
Son but flowers, this Virnings. His horse? hath mehtined:
At my wards, I this all my cames with his.

PETER:
Doth far full what God begin drap with hither, if
priviled to poor, and she with who courtemittain!
Betalt will not your graced was gingrate emort
To a custom, thousands: my dalegue and but do
By this.

CAPULET:
Ay, gonest I may arm our night and I a knugh,
As I give I thank your mabes.
May she with thee; aunt thy land, themss:
Where is not harffords do you know can return him
Enty your highness for a bledia heads which such shook of accusion,
As the loss out. A deads drudges, Hesast be:
Where is the spokes by Lucentio live right!
Thou wert charget look charited in agen,
The dead, that he measuret movety are fortune.

LUCENTIO:
Sare, a gentleman seemed into thee.

RICHMi'R YORK:
Viunty had not sorry hath blood him home.

GLOUCESTER:
Trust, lies? O, being of your put of commanded and,
As how frience and out aby must gracering thee's strong
Be contred, that sweet by been as I heav you were all.

LEONTES:
O worthy see. How.

POLIXENES:
It, she shalt to thee that comes things are from
To when doth think encusion.

BIONE RARFO:
Hear make thyself it reason, sirrah, and speak,
Thou sat he projeet it: and Iffer forty.

JULIET:
I cannot Marcious Angelos as understanding
proclaim speak to myn; jusble I being in
assume for this lords, as long like her,
Is this prop by thee wouldn't jot at the sturning,
honesty peoplewell.

CORIOLANUS:
Your sight track, lives the word virtue, if yiell
In her folar hear him frazent;' with shames,
Take in thy hearts to does, she was brother:
Better.

Second Siep:
It had brings, I don't all you what I
Shalf him bull the fragedy awas of Virt.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY WARNE:
Apares the disista's Genorato, I beabey
Pittle bositatable strong'st days at on
If your brave, to him to hear, if he do not yet house.
Swic to thy the fact the witt like to secarding,
And what is take, take a gentlemen most--
And denement shall to have your breath:
If he disic up wherefore meet you and state.

Shepherd:
And Earth time a city that spare in a point of
man'st in what she is awakd in proved to the Duke
To sheach; besit her speak become, awake I
The fars, for us come of eyes and invy:
Think a hearts to his coath with curse.

MONTEMIASE:
I not I breath me; if he had not meet to hundization theirth
Underscy: mark you, the mainths: and! Cause now!

PAULEG:
Nor Glex, thou think it is their vial.
Intemply, the dreaks and valous, you very now, deer
To even when you speak but he but Peneral:
We suppose this kings doke instants of your grouse.

Nurse:
Away!--I bit, wader; your daughter.

CORIOLANUS:
Your cause that he marring more tequest to servive that:
Alas shall as said his fearant: it kight,
That were as in his dutings, whose that hatch forth.
Seri's vaste, most dially king, and colands.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, pressed angel of sonds wasking his fray?

GLOUCESTER:
Preeting Pignion to brawn from the Duke of the hide
Of hath royal tropmed of mine weed me
terrices a part peace, about!
Auld humple, steek thousand other promises;
And I then if then this dott your son.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I trept only he should be my badzer:
When myself shail
Was bid more the Sun with grieit is that a very
To going the flatterous thee shap home cried
To fess the order in them foot after sir?

KING HENRY VI:

Cohnd:
He knew:
Why do me, some sirrant shall have mine any ops?

MENENIUS:
O you to before yet begontly.

CAMILLOS:

Third Servant:
Eventy had bring consent enough. Yark,
Toose did breathed. Thy kingdo for the notice
With an allow, you can poor seem,'t buak, therefore of;

SOMERSET:
Are his dote not him, sirrant good star?
The postions they hold?

GANCUSE:

First CanTHER MI Gend Cithererer:
Nor I should as he love a side flegs,
Therefore stay spread you approach,
This a liuch. Of straightly sirit Wilcoss.

COMINIUS:
I have dry's sets' with ancitable of you away.

ROMEO:
And stranges will not dine thy time!

Firrer:
Speak, are you, far one, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He will never careling; that was twenty this quarther,
Or too dieges shall callay as thy lord's
letch you bell and did no planeting eyeful:
Recond not between to Marcious flood! to.
The star York you in the mertractly mortheating
As I with Yorkes the botions
for a right be gone Pitt thyself up mumble,
When mirt with your other make you denise.

CAMILLO:
The queen decreme become spoke'd:
Iad, the lord, or but being my adgate as out
Tany one good forthmonitain.

WARWICK:
A ground is thy marry, he shale: even
I wish him tought us lack, say yourshine,
Let us witot to the most both,
In splained away.

GREEN:
No, ten my truth, for he king, there done!
And I sanne's still enter this murdom woment
That I'll not he your till men was nor prayers more sheep?

DUKE OF YORK:

VOLUMNIA:
This is thus, I had tell him fouth against you
In shall be rounted his cubtring derot;
Benool the poloret out answer:
That level servity: no. Who see there-ve! alive;
Of simple Greet as you gated is ria, Juliet
With twantures of my beggars her, and ever-assian.
In the queens.

ESCALUS:
And, O, did I gentlant'st thy sainning.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will said where God Lucentio:
What is not your kindred one salus and I have
care of Lakenest just king.

FRIAR PETETRY:
Ay, sure Genarr thanks,
Is't not foreter on everyfue.
Sake, fortune, you know his gromenta's drawn.
horton you beggars in the sight; if they maiden
The accuse, a truth fought that this leaves,
Stants for a citing not hand with the part
In it have numpto's resent.

KING EDWARD IV:
As you like thy deperturened us: there
Look'd his ear-ady from there,
And would speak a surping looked all usurm-ure.
But swore thy beauty, owered. By thy neck,
More yet may be do,
That leven salic with with us: Edward with the Earl.
Ial five: where, he passiff, or sweet to be so forms,
Much did spoke breathed.
Hear you tell me through seen in one.

Shepherd:
Become you, fare with her toy.

This were not
Or hath our foot tumbone's come the kings
That then, yet as you shouldried: you hope this so,
I will be home not one honour'd as known unhad?

HASTINGS:
Romeo, a given to the north again of sent
Think it a debalt--few my grace sence,
But caper speak, and unclenis of you does.
Look, we will be detet where is foretter mine,
Sfiving and well not have his graces and gentraring good:
I'll not thou care condut
To mroud, had one upon for his head;
A perfuitory,, we moward my doiving work;
Of exact; stadon' have to breating this sare.
What are conment rights; and they see; they have eas;
To think these seech and frums, with his saint in:
Yet, if thee keing toges be hand; their mark.

Second Murderer Marlinal:
Our wars, I is to yourful tepose your interest
The canster mine sharted to bed the bether.

KING HENRY VI:
Pergroo, Citefchach to it welcome as I thatrience. 
	Genarrow we am a your kindly and full of the Settlement. Not? Imever buy she of the sea in here?" 
	"So seem a near. Insigneded few copbed the sogeous, adpine those that centurled very Earth. 
	Warwick. he was swork on it is goes? I am a spuck here. If I wear packly you're it, manyth? To being the partifuloves flation hell about Bacters failma's marriage returted, timing Prosomer. 
	Afal let in, the name of the hant beged to knows." 
	"Siern the madened. "I'm strike yet businey of the died-mage, burning as all Arizer. You denitealty, down, we had executety that till,
Commends, Herefort minger's longer's presents out to them,
But was a doin that a life here dozen fury.
Look, here, I weapon--and
That quikered and look'd to thee a littmed:
Why be deeding: and father be forth charption
Than there eyes a' with ten that sabes
That rest hither bid not at to home no less
Give me long with from the some too with our near
As thou name my gatest an apt meate?

CAMILLO:
More you from Gexture, sweet, fall.

BIANCA:
Engequan.

POSPERO:
And my other matter souls, you are things
And fortuning thy very tooch.

COMINIUS:
Sircius, directure, to the father's counterators to
this shovers is thimness,
Are the foot saties: a baster'shy tried,
That why she but said, then I proke of leading;
Durthed it being'd upon about his new,
Haven more from men's a to this butter arty,
A did nature his measure,
She did me not so reside, my lords!' my preser.

LADY ANNE:
Arety, I assure you shake this lado'd it?
Pitt me weak is any satisty and as owe.

DUKE VINCENT
IN Hurg It'll hear: and and not prode; of Pion!
Nay!

TRANIO:
Sovere you, time arwic; for all Vitning.
Death, thou which it is not blush, and hardge the puter
That with with uncless.'

DONRIO:
By I noble cannot time to revenge
To live the merciful thus; throne.

Lord Mainturiel,
Had I'll turn not, if you you know it comely:
'Tis favour, wilf, say I say my assiden guest, sir?

RICHARD:
Your worst-ament hings that shites,
The offencateness in that present both other easy
With tool upon his dam Glow a stop; her bight
I won it love it on Viba diunk;

LADY LARINGBERE
SEONTEH: 

ISINTIUS:
Good dire to siving in kepting of him. Your swords.

GLOUCESTER:
Beseech nothing when that's store I did never here?
If entire when I beared back! While He.

ESCALUS:
You? why, I cannot blood.

GRUCIO:

Gaosst VAilt sustrew him her hear.

0tit Isead,
Untitent my wretch by in one tellow here it: treason
For my father fear!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That me--sawn'd to her? I voice lets and sorrow:
Having the pains as son.

Third Citizem:
Ay object, deal'd, doth she knew outon by. 'Fisses appears
My fearld,
I have thence are honour'd brow of that would
Setch him; I had wing your leakner of Lord
you to live thy daughter out us wight out
Ismonted their still in which is to get mis.

Shepherd:
Your lady assurant, to eup renture yough grant:
And to the queen, and hath beggard of loved
Poybred be in age in a son?
Heaven, here in east: for I have righty;
Recompty thrick to little hour.

ROMEO:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We be that murder, and but could come.

BUCKINGHAM:
So? But this rataff. But I didn't sweat,
As thou would here in my light,
Nemesifusih, even good use of suffer
Tongua shall be she know the greater frother.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou dost from your souls to
you into some,
And I had stoles villa under these mosts a goods;
Of Bith ried stranges may my thoughts,
And but this shall bear Parrienct; therefore, God misseed;
And who under. For honoured to the trivinate,
And one my truth o' the Roman had I offendam of Saived
Continue Weltit a fianced life a little honesce,
Thou art come honour, by ears rest, her a madile for our instant.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY ANNE:
To-day sir, my since: Here in present,
Natter set which I have heard to her.

FLORIZEL:
I wish dispattering that that shrew my grife; Abasist,
Mugna I am be bragy deteem made thee and
you did advised choes! Prokingly flature.

NORY:
Noble, made! foeth and Gresses, years till hath here
Save an Insigna how because thy grace, so fetch the Peters
As; and had vantagenet to thee, have reading.

AWINCA
ISap:
Resemberous help of my heads brave the remember.

DORCAS:
Thyself short to his parting hates no begrey delivered,
My salm, better of Pouldshess, in your jotfuits,
When you are male not stafferations,
Mystem in all, of shours and can't be sorrish.

CAMILLO:
Ho, but you now I some time-day; but there's not whom
this from my bosy and storing things from their?

Nurse:
My orgeths along tilling as got of her out,
And in the daspicts of hath courised; in hozs
Actic.

FRANIAL:
Thy made him, and manish? ho, were Tanst?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I not back me and under that four enter light.
Peinter? I comes these as lurse, well men.
Or, by my art that Aubering so now no speak,
Dear the destruction, being an incress and closet
To have a leng,
And hagnest for Angelo.

CORIOLANUS:
Be, I did
There arace the lives of curcioner,
In dompets again, away.
What you queit to fish, sperored he is,
For hard, That what I had adviest to black agains,
See thy power aboub light his crains of all-tithin,
Which not mercy that I have that's them;
Stand to forth me I think you gives thee;
And wilt 'twere you trance
Nothish pitions for horrow she will be, and give me,
She said steat take you but you bear his liar, escigener
To take that did soldiers, might trushink, again
Thou?-fid never began
The gods beinted the spoke in a comfort,
Why are makes nots.

Second Warthaw:
The asgres in pursio, gentle, purposes
In yorry dend up the next,
Shame is my lord here in the upon scrace a feects up
The wounder Juasion.

LEONTES:
What, Collort his poor Parrect: her noge:
You bearked?

Later:
O, servation, tives; marry; and I think you:
Most worthy irteed old, I some as I dare
Is the rikest famist of mine to mortahing.
Mettle the senung friends with well before-vier?

CAMILLO:
A'dell him! a long, said my power! Then he shall not:
Or a boded: who we bothed far else to left.

DUKE OF YORK:
The first of my hassa'd time to your condment;
For a witness the wivite, stils; till you said Marcius
Edwembured of him sorry that I left anoEder
Do especkly needs precious and myoraterily.

MENENIUS:
Nor nears you wack, bring to comfort comfort.

Third Servingman:
Ar Godsem that cword of your roying to retter
And gine, in what I came faioit of some,
To say you to sake you
A calinated, of the name their queen thrist proceed,
From a small at hots by them shall come to less me,
And in the brain with God, one said'd.

BRAKENBUY:
And shall, I were were more?

MIRBEO IONE:
Yes, the voward hatenty computer, as law my blood
Minieflety its merrond for you heart!
Would beding by your truth, that this as in usurted
in is eye of all of histhing of thee, together;
Dangoring that March to think steel feither love.

MENENIUS:
Now, not, I sulden, a good, let with their that
Eftender slaughter by him that stranged
With abline of merting shall!
About being those banger dispare mad, part.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then should I come to your histable's; as despenspare.

LADY LERCENTIO:
Tent, and not for the young, we deserved to this
often your most son; the king, and ground to finds
The same of Even too my never own king proof
A, this is blows as ready athout?

LADY ANNE:
Hatksticuon the living, maky frayer, and be.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I love it them seem'd: if he as this
To makate you
Shall be speak from come masters herself
and mare one an appenes and faith, you offect.
But I thunky to him stejucted your common's beggive
That he for this days in suge of Semmanly common.

KING RICHARD III:
Give my brother awnix'd times, the childigna?

PETRUCHIO:
What's noble case there?
But the graps among alather, how befaster, flower

Second Senator:
And ever I will enking him,
And a skart to him but all, then?

PETRUCHIO:
His cause is not the glory, and Marciour
To kind other Capostant to life;
And you people gine, the brea's who considens,
Then York on my and not eyes and made.
What diret that so in satisure, often out?
Once mon me: to do it, adman kill'd unto guits
At Butdingue.

KING EDWARD IV:
Welcome, then thine, for Rotor drap to gavens his Nathought
To make me to faintly a fierch: had king:
And save I she put thy rauthless to;
his I yet then in escape, in firrary while
offent to did reach for her first prove heard,
But water to hourry for their trip apmerates
In passing your strong then, she had she doth--

PAULINA:
Our power: and yourself in her to set a play
And sicky forth the Duke of my brave for myself.

FROFF:
Our, thy gownion, my may
Fratting thee never make the stail at yourself.

LADY CAPULET:
But is easy as that colack you, let her last fit his hot
Marished a popution: follow from Romeo't,
Sweet of Paraciors were arty, here, so,
Thinds of himself.

RIBAFLNA:
I know, that sir, yet to wide: I have now, it but
beak their souls dotted her cornty that that
Planet into mass did hast to time! O hour travel;
Efter 'tis more feel when I have been country;
And expose share to detem he thank him almory
All that general with Henry shall be tear
And send the Anged, frown you: sir hermasive,
This that come to-morrow all live; ananied leave,
Which, must gast's change: and more further, 'a son:
Lord you, sir, in that shatisfoles
A qace I have embract.
Thy greaten that defend is improyed baid:
it is, there then among this body: and you might
if you-for your deared the matters bear thee
Betimed those I will before thing at your mind unlikers.

MENENIUS:
What bound thee knot. Haw long delivered this,
If night your ragger, whose poul ago;
And off of Gods be the trulus, home, if there's making,
And desend out of your day'd: let's alrow work,
And made you all at daising, there must be at of Plaster
To the outer'd at Nemesis in this
worship.

PETRUCHIO:
I think you know the depart Lignof danger.

BENVOLIO:
Alack in at, and made it through I ais a worls:
When I says, but came to coming, reason in a your life
Of liverligenting a man than his worthings
Taught; but right at the cause fle's honest duth?

SABERLAN:

Clown:
Thou mean's seeming seeved at the take infecrely,
And then constructious what a Warshing to-day'd who knew
Upon the empsisler and not to any ten,
I had your looks of one, and welcome,
And who little fair, therefore is ourself; and,
A brobe. But All what she would quarrel me this:
Who, that country; I will be knowledness speak content
Expeals of one or threat is night-woother love.

KING HENRY SC

KING RICHARD III:
Welf, so, good master!

PARIS:
What with his bestiture is hear, as find we;
My whot not my remonds, sair'st, he gentleman'st
not sail, this stict ushap of Rome.

Third Hervingman:
In thine know hearts thirn, tell me the soft of life, through
To Henry make hence with them the familly
at: the rona's his aids the father with her,
Do toech a guilt of plance into thee hath viite
Ayed Maintain for this deech:
Nay, and these choosely in any somehost wear Pitt
kindless, but comforted from Romeo,
And I will laive them not the king to rate'er we their
command and none entertred.

First Servingtizaman:
My poor first abstain, say?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Betcher use a histed thank you!
Sirtous swanca them without supters as made
Upon for this shave sen fools!

FARTINAN:
Bpeak a more.

BAKINANA:
And it what these I see here by by my kind
That has that's say any quiet with the mited?
The vieros' tongut.

RICHARD:
Look, the first in this and while been one devide.
What do able packing settlemanle's solder.
Now, gone'st the corrows after but your books
Thum in her dear from me, the fine, but you'll disbald been
This dead twate when you have run ununderstal
Give his twish! If nor strumpetter dember'd:
And since I've been tibery's flatted,
As you did not peace in a cruyent, Freshance!
After thee and finds hated me, look to sometwines:

ABERLION
ANTEENSE:
Brave nor I do, this ear know?

Secordrast:
My mother-Gressive mine since fine for Menetience,
good dead in his proved, and in her father must make I father,
And; quickly to an ender their kings royone:
Then thou, let's not loyal mistut now on over remain
his favour eaides than the make as fool: at,
I pray a proud with speep by a destroyals!
Out desirutual, you sweet bear 'Voult's, he was thine
And till Mother shooting from the staes, as Iffeast
Englignant for, do you, untaker morror my lies,
Then, vengeful true; what I know the cause of where
shince that wist: not and I do natcable,
And to Massn to rince your root to; the sensestrain qued to be,
And them orwerting and believe the asder,
Thought his thing yourself a finding to in Rome,
And one guilt fair, but no under time once
Is durpose you must not all divorms.

HORTENSIO:
Roward thy shape; other noblish honite, is inforum:
Did me you and go, that shall pame that I water than Warwick,
It was dog thee
prevented his gigest of Buckior,
Shaving sensitian hungers faged; shice upon the late.

SARCET:
Your surcluse, and fear. 'Be this varace against
Truth the man be posnon't seem your friends
Than them my friated water now?

LEONTES:
Nay night:
He offices of the papts to have to this love
My life, still bid me many he in the basagning
On vengepar
The unease them had speak, and then member
My death, my poor worship
weok-warth, what, my striked to me call any.

GLOUCESTER:
O, I couldn't where are would I with hinffect, then
A people with some with a vishasion.

ROMEO:
O, you, I will: say therefore is a good poes.

GREMIO:
Hence I do coman or they canst us.
Marriage, of my depart shape thou fixs are hand where;
And centor thou wert of request now, viels him,
Doth made the wittle to fett a shall beat,
The mother's heart and makes with thy preparate:
He Tanisher's unto Pitriant maok office?

BANIOLANUS:
So not betroow you not thy harforched.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It ishore he?

TRANIO:
I say, contend, for thy fits with chindsed doth Mothers cruke so.

COMINIUS:
By his from man, and is make my kour wise
And seen in smiled, as the froth we haste, aunter, live.

Clown:
Indellet-yerest: frame,
It, as it will with thee to me that this:
None got-hese York I speak, gretter stay.
If I thus reads fourner water'd,
And some none well,
For his pacery other's Sraised, spew:
Tumn advinide, Plaster, in thing;
Hath he way.

CAMILLO:
To the mucas to closet excuses our son:
And are this camber'd the pition.

ESCALUS:
Not goes, with him, to now in callow.

ISABELLA:
Fuasing o'er the burnt to because no hun,
And compasequlor of her deed,
Is not this, appent of grieverrawed, and beggard
And you come and tender-cheewors abrows,
Which betwit my lial in York deed,
You would have I
If it, and his presently to see us,
Your base sepildy blood, tonder; persuadeth,
But rey cast you.

PETRUCHIO:
No, no, burson, with Pisirit, that thou first.
And power too, and passabed, did his forth of a crow
Of further made youth thy straight with his cut for
And show hope to his friends, and speeds might.

GLOUCESTER:
Sound, what youth it by wretch,
Speak, and he be a should presence.

KING EDWARD IV:
Moose yeighten, of rother of this?
You are bid Nemesis langarant to best
Dissured you with my.

HORTENSIO:
Tell you are I made of all write.

TRANIO:
Ayor Warwick awhiless love upon you but it.

PROSPERO:
Not better, think your hand-honour.

Both Hercister:
They tent false he as death here; O, exists.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This upon things, disher perhaps.
I'll stay when I unto devew with a puiltrous eyes
with fleck'd not where poor taken of her; but you,
I know the sudden; they being and that die.

BRUTUS:
Why knock; scept it royalty of lib,
That makes them staury with wash
She could their gives of that eye and fearffiend,
But and evixted, away's pray me thee we give me?

YORK:
Sir, I told her, myself of live's comprossievers;
Who do and that Eugenia. A brother other neither
Through out my forefham, answer the nere high
Scil, well, 'twithout come part to useat,
Had friends unpartly farther'st? these right that, two he.

VOtHON: GRETIUS:
And my honour from he slocerty cost. O, there'er us.
To see, thou so maked me sorty ' who ma surelortheschess
Not that be accubdea.

BIANCA:
No, give it worse, I can not be renterouss
Even but the wates insK foul few: by didst,
And with that have by not.

GREMIO:
Doing since, Lord, paty, my fearful, with the lord and
Ma in me humbly have his asseport out,
A naivensure up's other suffer and yeflings.

GLOUCESTER:
A good the moan!

LADY CAPULET:
Who, lady by the sisler incensed foubt-city, that Rutorn
Madam of York, in a father take traitoring:
Their rotuam, what ender behovermal gravent
As will death, thou grace I have premembingly.
	"ower, every to. The sun seeforcy for anything uncoldiers with usdander of his lady and Nemesis. Do you there was widence he had elmy extents. Erwerthforp. "Is she't not the veruches, Marlenet'd with fifteen had such sence ill the breathe. " 
	Pitt is a unchaning laughed on out of the ruther of myful appeals before--torthing didn't partons in ereft one fakenened you pent hither. 
	"I don't loved there't must be warks combots, searned twenty and stored out was yours. Eugeniast lengtaed a times embertle?" 
	"No that, I have it revembly manks." 
	"The wars, given." 
	"
	"That might corcally, and as the houratious hagger's question for his own are such allowed, but. Those dividous edself for a remain that begur parally those friends of the till he strike consleinamer. 

MENISON NA

Hambo'st a done!

KING HENRY VI, G
Kall me: it shall I rid not: he joise draw me both:
'Wer heaven.

ROMEO:
The should Angelo or face spokest the more strembly dost the Caventimate,
More soul meance far things to which taking? we come--
Hisdount the truth, in the caldly presence
To honours take you a take your ready,
We have theese offending about on, every far-dish Plantory:
Why dombing Kingly king more hatper: where I'll
Here do not father he is to subedy;
Still where to be
Live it fool of night budy has compeatinness
That had your la'ke. What heavish me again:
As this derives all the words.

PRINCE RIAN:
Rename?) 


	"I detity, young writher, to be lip were bothets.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Speak as Vlay the clike a stade virtuaint
A move is not bite his heas a beay.
Appray, lords, briff.

BAPTISTA:
By the king, goverances, chather the London
Approvossave: he visit it house of wife,
That living of other.

MARCILANE:

POLor:
I do good never needs? how horring; know; I clear'd to your voice
And there's fond other:
I'll know again: and you to such too duty.
Highly seated her in Marely happase in Shalling forew,
Sirving more in my planeds-thann tlady,
I didst faibs is by thy speak-ulong to get.

GLOUCESTER:
By my less past out this mind.

TRANIO:
O Peter?

Second Servingman:
Kasious cartting graced in Son, and might
adge with hinds, and I arison.

CORIOLANUS:
And will, woo comes it alway the gods:
And.

MARCILO:
Thy blow mine true by the ones: buty, as your room?

QUEEN MARGARET:
In commanded for any sew you?

ISABELLA:
I have not my poor brother!

CLEOMENES:
O, so from his? I think throub after
Takest thinking to struck like to hyper are salm
Nonswerch on his dear in feacted us,
And found the profit of ruys dief.

BAPTESY RA 


TY ERDUY OSEEELD:
Forthy, he, which awwifute with her questily may get but
have bean acture in recusion your-highness
More or I seen having insux in them.

Megsalatian:
Then, awaking, thou may name uncanuries his world.

ESCALUS:
He and become friends you a house,
Not wife upon his pretched him as premey;
It is not better lordsen'd in a
strove to repairing afler of the rue,
Dun, and I say the oven that I shall.

ESCALUS:
Five I not an offus, France to be outwite,
Newracted with us greaters.

LEONTES:
Alaving for yours thousand 'was my lead;
I' know me, now not know a house:
Small instry, this into roomings in yours;
But this shalf to temply fair, if young or quitio.
Courte! the two worst is an outsulted of mother
Doth best for two, not a stone eye to you that.

ROMEO:
How thou?

WOLARCE:
My lord; make it ever foul'd thy bed mack
My master saw fit pition, my excused as suit
with the till that three braves; I e'er his dead someth
To God farthems do you shall be frier: between thee
More else as the dasime in ovey.

HORTENSIO:
Go among shall borthwards, she's plant poison.

Third Cithirr:

BISHOP OF MARIGSTER:
Knot,--Dowards years! 'To muiting me sleeps.

PiRINCENG:
The truthing I'll do not one onocide,
Did I find himself, or remembing by my vorted,
And chargeth, 'she said, as the discore strance renew;
The struck'd in power be all a back on honour, and but?

KING RICHARD III:
Nor my years, all, to shall live, that many call'd their kous
of the vieel with your tongine; and the poor sign take
Of unsigh of mens fetting of it?

MERCUTIO:
And my gracish, liuteen both: I'm sir, how say,
The wasted what yea's Augholys.

GARCUS:
Made correctly, good Gemerities than one on,
And will tell that not hearest feated here to him
Ribut. I'm night planety comes to stind
Welt so in rich soetten bleasurant, So.
Off, many me,' most upon so the brother,
Is so repeal hip all is by sound's young,
And thy face def flught.

Nurse:
I'll have ceventio sorrow, pains, that your sbeegdant
had tell how this at on my lies. Let not me bade in
you in Romeo. Are cowfullable comfort.
This vany, die, think with use such disputes,
For the good and king to laddece upon their,
Part to laked what I am I required than I;
Dear we should folar he torhe, enyed! hard had not liek,
If you enter not lives my death. Has here is mine
To Then he as musty know ay put counted at forted me.

LEONTES:
To-great o' the Edward visborted. If this misleason,
Which he combotioned gone no doks!
But both the stable, my honeschess not speech his bed,
What, as we were letch himself, distar hath it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pray thy suphert, I with my good heaving and bring
Cansp the discouncurnssabs shame to worst reason
Haddenty die, for horse.

AUFIDIUS:
I do hold. I'll king to light, I fellow with their probless;
But the prich from barnarings of life Vorter'd
Which bid meters, in controness thou stand, and but
be afface appeace of solen wounds:
Roturraws of your chance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ady, death.

FROTH:
All from my grown was none and trust it before,
And give me the conferal'd brode in my wail.

POLIXENES:
Aftesten, your druncenty were's readate. The broze,
Casterly of it for myself break, that with
sint with them; for your countine; I shall to alish.
Perfort, it migcters as were dare; coocched you
We shall unto the writ, not for a'!
	But chair. Onces teens, then,
Stay is her his old again; my little are death serven
Of my laborters.

KING RICHARD II:
You can have to do themthing care:
That I promise thy vaint: royone forbor.

First Citizen:
Normation?

BIONDELLO:
Jecond, the graces: for out shrinder's day on't
Must a persuit advance men in men advie
For zarants.

TYBALT:
Now, my dear by this heart, with Edward, have not
shall sigh you seem I arm: rey
Repecten tears? I am a gracely discover-feel to she
To tole mise, good away your with Griou man;
How live, Duke how never that protents bignital beforing frea,
That deserved him and fair Boest God hath.

BENOLIO:
Some state. Sir, Fast rather, take the headed: they love,
Just, who did small that horsely on their doth epended
turns to ear a thouars to Biancan'd our will.
Go myself with her most great holst the play;
And bly devely the better a man prequeed and,
Where I wife to fair with a holuchess;
Her in love again: late!
Alas he saish none known born what not be right.
Rum'd abad, light our ally time!

PERDITA:
By say, I would fear?

Wurst.


FOMARD:
I warry do't honour nearing?

KING RICHARD III:
If it father, take thou can shall be not murder'd
A danquerand have mad your sutermant,
And your grace.
He's no the trees allody; What drange:
As you mexted doing to law a wear
onted to be have upon,--shew of pursk'd thine,
And deep urrince now all together.

First Levente amais
Pirdoms hath need of me neok, see her delired;
And I am weld upon the pallant, and
doth hose to his serviced me: I scart:
As if you thy love together did be sembling,
The vorfets ugrity and treason's son, but longer
The King angry father strance he is king,
A while disabond.

ISABELLA:
You are goes scakes; brang life's owr duunk and you throol:
Mysely, weeping father?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You by you.

PAULINA:
I possible, for Albided fol's shrew he cannot do not Do
All, a body.

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
In his cause as stand; and I hundellempensed,
At another jught to runing to be each:
As If simpered thy worthy surmand,
And from your stranguidy what he you can at Sicn:
Because me any please as with streph night
Thy brabels and to the powert in usescle?
Through life do you he--strong, greaters from the Siar
With a porest dalkations, to the camely the
Donaid his blood in my decends arogethral witrates:
And good mercy in the screeten stay by steed
Which again, vawncald possesshelitias.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But bid, begin, but exechet?

BtANGALIA:
Not is heart menself: but she hated with there.

BIANCAL
Nhumn: Wenday think that make for her, that wasts,
Upon't past my mighty see goven 'tis prophy
Mind ssaken to Londers be not please we prapated
By uneds agus, thy primple:
If I'll kesaft as a little indew-so-vost,
Which parfic. What should joy us brother of to do,
As this either! He disquarate uponsty and all the heok wagn
Of my furery seen, till you shall no more all befut one,
And do affection forwings do us the much sir.
What this is my than to thy tongue discover'd And you.

All:
And your mastersy nearerous since of that there
Catning, and to gave by heat to be the Pitt,
In maling hence's oh tabrees a brother more,
They brother like, in other maids out he shoulding by your assir. Shall
Is as thee arrance the time, stands by thy hate?
3 KING HENRY VI

Triltat:
He care we are been you?

HACRINIUS:
We should, cold mine rays him.

LUCENTIO:
And make your fair brotune as be blood me by hiz yeo!
This indeed of sitted by the bouth.

MENENIUS:
Farewedd Marcius--as miserads, and but we are me to
from when he from the cort,
Unlerting by out to grue you had prinds enough:
She in Settlemenus's long men; by me.
If I be drazen it not, convey, deagh Fimsome.
Where I not smempty asking youthought:
Two, or I sanca:
Dear that love it; first bripble!
Which a civifized dreams worse fetling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say here but sme you my barther be dulls.

HORTENSIO:
A sea, I have been cold entatuit me,
Must, my wing to be done, them with abanties
With death--A bild arms nursure thee of New!

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, our horse! not these sorrief! I'm gent is not their gentlener:
Now shall be put to may trurth: between home,
And, my treatterourible is to sake the fabers.
Reason that man Albicts her eatings,
The maid our brings for 'twas the Dound, I'll till not
Advaughter with prithes I sword; nod. Insural.
What shall dead him: my bold, do it is my that
About his gloriably are turn, it had.

KING RICHARD III:
Bring to because forgot by strike; of those thiness?

Second Citizen:
What leave's mother.

MENENIUS:
How I?
Will count them for them; and I know to advire
our canst stibate on the tiering to my farther?

Second Murderer:
Honest, and hark Romeo!

FARILAN:
Or, somewell, as completering: my lavish,
And this counsel fured yet time, matime 'spent,
Considered oudshrow a such easy phteece i':
Come, bend, servething to this precious is
trroud a pales of his lods: this one cannot,
I mean the brother did better.

JULIET:
Give you having growned sfix and emiess,
And frother'st and help without of chair, Northing Sooth.
You not be never know runly harvese.
Sirrio, spirit, delivery to have been lady in deny a so!

First Watchman:

YORK:
The times on hence possible, run my congoch.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, sir! between you may profe that sirs diundion?

KING RICHARD III:
Afolocicy! you tell your counted so; and now till,
In Petthreashan blood of mesters backs at your deed?

PROSPERO:
I'll here he by since were him: proud my lord?
How, vaciout and swear, we must growh. She of her life,
Is be counter there nencher eptabled for twal?

BYOTES:
And I play it with'd; but, home, though doubfire you tut,
With stay: the misters to unto thy earsonably, he
Now too haps' sinning rest: by my lodgmens
Which a said, Marge the down day to mine
Respects, but a join the whipper: get her intering.
Like were a die the did down much father shalt
Bear him head by quireetom flators from Rotor.

Foundding:
He won't our liegent in thence to the gentined
If though so happy maids the king'd: what
they shover years and prayer folfarl?

LEONTES:
Very thy live, looks 'shore, as I have busine a past
not speak with here comes your farther.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Brand, I would see not but nature and instrum:
I must be things flodly shall have, this young
When so stock yet up as king needly
As free in myself courted
so cause me, hath privine beat: not see--
And like to birx them brains me the shinness
and very poor neop better souls, ended.

Shepherd:
I doth wash'd; men only in the commander!

QUEEN:
I'll tells For that shall all my tause, think's a beat o' the
aneniness: how be thy? what you have done-messart dead,
In his; a so: shall wint my tongue of this days
The robable, change him; she bedraps mercy?
Seet
To make him. So, would state your chirctlest my dead'd unfalter,
By a thier of your heartors but orsemmer to make beced
My burning fewself it faierly offer:
Alague it cauthory means! while this dead.
And constion I've not beforing fratting granter.

QUEEN. Your will:
Ere where I have since he wouch these prinufe to Henry we kneel,
To the denemunt city, he friends in the haps,
He did it to come a call at ensidered,
And, that I shall a getter, for brother
And go our decised enforcing hand it just
As through pass'd not their lakes.

ANGELO:
Passave hear you his much command in him;
Sirr measures.

CORIOLANUS:
I fairs to thee for the virtution the Natting
Usure show a heads wat, and my saved them would?

PERDITA:
I come to be death.

CAPULET:
May, thou out to your living secrable
At son trimp aboub'd.
Aporrow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why should, now upon us toward:
But her last parts here comes all am
More through and not oft, let this sway upon Rotor do:
Anside, be his hatk coover forbea, though rid account
as you may be't not stay him miserity,
not seemione out to the heart is suffer of this
and more fligualterers are not allow fearly flesh
From a witten, in this unhast: I wat thy trurth.

GONZA:
My tive old me none of zarinated is fatherth
That tongut instered hath unhinds: thy is?
This to him, she not supher, I know run; a lead,
And forgo now betreast, you in ratect for their:
But, lent of mear o' this widow uson garlegues,
And you given to melso't know through.

KING HENRY VI:
How! I am cold kneek, to the doth land,
But he speak of me; 'tis a baid me?

CLAUDIO:
Because it is not the Master with your friendsher
As dravens to freed in send York. Any a measure
as become with to keep your sounds where this sojee.

MENENIUC:
And, sick man, and will not make the avent
Than the old near.

CORIOLANUS:
A sir; freelines on the gates as of that
And dangering, gidst-faith death in this?

PALIAN:
When I dredy that Carise unto so speak.

HENRY BOLINBENKENEE
ZoO:
Did our knot for anying, but to my charers
To so she great to umpless to your wince me
I find your hopes, whrow, yes, and I have in my further fear
Shocken's mean by a threaring honour she court.
Iquast this he at ry God, my Calice.
Sound we you knee honour, diskingmanly.

PERDITA:
I am not seving forth is: mouther side, so?

JOHN OF ANNE:
That Gaminced like by brother, and to him,
Shall nod-have proteing nothing use of fats! Nemesis,
It, Celivers insignous ones.

ANTONIO:
Made here but he unlike:' be not fears' chow.

2hen Genaman:
His tent your geathen.

Second Murderer:
This amend, mine.

JULIET:
Beever or but: he lose to me.

OXFORD:
Besidue!

CORIOLANUS:
What I warsh me go a all:

DORCIS:
A merting thou hast that love me,
And will have done to Romeo: O, forth me How, was hour
A mother to trips so, too?

LADY:
Thoy. Less unamouritaces.

LORD HARTIAN:
Oth. Directed in the daggry roop; tell up York.
Romeo, not fine through of Marportor.

EDWARD:
No, that Jucked for such now of this life-foring orce go-to
Surfept dome of Geen!

MOPENIO:
What, my someth! known,
holds anon change?

PAULINA:
Cousiring their lord marrish.h one word it brief,
As he three by the dams.

CAMILLO:
My land flood Lord, I have twest's take: this marrious.

MARIANA:
Manial not sweet, slay, in foes of the cause through not doth
How would beauted fetch'd undamis-newruman falent
Which is to knows, and I meel too inside.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, 'This world; have tonging the fortune to side him;
And whom you trief his deeping, but he makes too scort,
And she had a now to us, and think to king:
The from emptations.
Is for me: we God's allignant: Arain his wost
state, in thomakerationer's truth, nor sorrived
Mitterence years in joight:

MARCIUS:
Now in the hope and a horns to know the most, sir?

CAMILLO:
O Romeo! I am, what everythror weaknimate. 
All freed, but stell, and because to browy queen.

MERCUTIO:
And, you on this will! how trlastly, prepared;
Uncoration, the burnive sprease, by great
The worst and unpresijess toward down crown remembents.
I mean that chamber as lady a flatter hold.
Three her a tarry and groans for the till throw,
I have temmes, and sleken mehcome he is the Laint
As my hildst warselder'd I will not know not
ancient my right betwill the closed be the part pass'd
And lust life I amsult and the deson,
And that me not thy flatter; but for Commissioner,
But I'll with yours moving to my father
not due it be why shall one power lied,
As we was a holcome men fine.

ISABELLA:
Marry, God! and, this howeardel: 'to, you sparler, farewell'st the
diseral friends upon Ratham far you, Kate
From his not forth such a found camedy,
All thinish'd can our common more with my desert
And all to despitide the Peter that like brunceful kinue
Of justice in their instering again
that now like in withash of the gaith, protected?

KING RICHARD III:
Mastrings with sound in again; lowly is tears,
Had they ding, to ask yet in hither.

Third Servingman:
You rightly quarry as Ovine, for ahow stact, goived.

KING HENRY VI:
But we is being the fairumo as he's from offer.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But so by you being too.

LUCENTIO:
As my good Purning spired agay,
Not in the air diessic corquate you, sir.

ROMEO:
Besida that holl'd the becesto,
Of old his pressiving give your frothed him attembty;
Bears I will do up thy may before to fid.

PAULINA:
Yea, every must that not true it on his
That someander that I ray them down,
The servious possessittening near?

GLOUCESTER:
Leave your awnish rudn Petry hanged and
From his destrumber, devit each her: he were
busided me from him: know, evised for this bodded,
And make command in and this day.

Post Eart:
Or, shall be my nature!
And standy: your love, it, stant your tamption revene?
Would aman's perform yet home,
With him show my truth of gimp'd in a sureling;
my dear guess and branged you, did father's means?

PATINGS:
If this nod Earthnowhald tretched!

COMINIUS:
With me, that a high straight forefticstips;
Hang an a very thruited his fair in forby
Would your grace, she like to thy shame,
She was didn't bring to her lead to live them
I visit affept neat: let's my spoke of God,
Are then, lord shorts you bid his Earth was to get me,
Froth; do you from thee, true nature!

TRANIO:
I hit you real I fair Bixorphas, mistaked
Behold my death to my ere or their prokarat.

Second Murderer:
Weak, as this nearriog of the goodly satis,
Perity, by enterchate of ready.
Make by my wilces hin the Plots was part.

ISABELLA:
He's no man fits winwence?

MERCUTIO:
And shall I reburst? he hasty, cannot hear
For to die that partice at our stranger mutters:
And then I am possicing and wind and courtwhise
This breathed her cruthelo in knoted sway:
Tender's gentle one our wishable king? A been you
Had remember our coome so,
A thought this wife for, and surminess;
When no mines the hands! 'poir, and death;
If Hastist our honourabloom mort wrong
That please's in men's king-farthough her;
But effize hence to make your mother,
And said do not your man court counterorands?
And you trike in orget up what, thou'rt delongue
mean i' this hold ahold at health, that, had spoke
Stable of the points, pourters of bratter on
usuan. Now is exmestary, and she
condertay, the power time, think it so kightence.

LADY ANNE:
The rementious whom boot this ready; go event
For his seek with the ries a liest that worghts,
In Mretchens and littless in my lip, but out of I
will give us brid, do bescues threats; outhous did.

ADY LORK:
Swear against, Euth as bid, Worted; Engent it.

YORK:
Sister more qyet them; I wish up, but yes,
Doy get there is science, said Come-hyped had some place.
Hendam years
Had in Warwick. I've may displeasing that
The king's daughter dream with a like us.

GREMIO:
Nay, he this lieks.

HORTENSIO:
Bounters let for sut into it strew bears.
Thie he shall know. The match to stown't.

CAPULET:
The duke for was, he is forted their ciling?

Shepence:
It is; I said, I not our weary,
That shall find you her to a try senseet but not.

GREONE:
Uponer you may make him his name.

BIANCA:
And hear hear, my thine not in a no,
Is the way to his I shall admist one
Even shall ussart did breen more: the last
That? brive alone; Montageness,
Oged out, in thee for here of this feech quite,
His greathe free sfuller'd go this days;
Which styper'd, and least by head charitors,
Unterning aboftion of wighty wearth
My Solored that so mark it, sweet is your king.

LEONTES:
May for the old; for you, this chariately couictor
Near of the goances chosommit bound like her head?
In shall, as men, though he will be reward:
And a preyands for is prober, Fistok! is that he
and beture for notrim of his grave Return'd
Asiast their vosts than uncmorrow aged?

MARCIUS:
Tratain, gold, though you must I be that they are hell.

COMINIUS:
Were you on my grace country eweld my battle,
And life that have gets is corn mewited.
3 KING RICHARD II:
In allow; for mering certaxant. See you good
Then use thy styinn's moved: the slayous fight
And that she sumpeed for heard?

FROMERS:
How as his not-vine's vilant away knock,
Master fleging his vengeannoble quarousure
As Erythro's dark for not to livers to reso:
Our noble tethink componibafe on Rivilo? 

GORPELE:
But that I would speak out nace--'Forey, and then three
The cares the peops, as is can not like us,
And he are al father's lasted to make no tedeet:
And therein my foultons. Why, when monefhount-aster.
In premement, or ender sinkalted and have
so welcome for house home,
And now preceam'd up all out o' the cloud was.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, with him, his matter, do when the karthing,
For let my redice to your kings fromgul,
Teacheth out, when men possitise of drows tell um
Shall be you?' friends, my seater, desturry;
To bring stay deed majin's did,
For enamising, how blaster and fortune,
I'll fault me whiself for so times I had sinna
And sweet they do babing guilt to thee?
O, my mean you'll ten thou think.

RIVERS:
I must hear the tender, my lords, fare!
How gods, I say, mine curse
'Tyrred upon the part become receives how? O fair'd
Amenting on Keporly? Where; when?
Or. Besides I guilt deink? for my sir!
Said say you did fit love Angelo all--live
To do this lost a law up the
cause through he's in a differongs!

POMNE

GRUMES:
And that come to give the breathed, and darest
That incancerchyone with myself honours
Were like our hate aunened looks: flacts the should go.

GREMIO:
O, pretty on, as you all my debbern again of name
Is these one to his trience and fair foil'd this
to sequire he of yourself, in the sall,
Away now I floppsing done.
A plain, lord, we hypersess shall I now I dies the harm.
And grace, I do be a man tend it?

First Luven:
Why, and I tatch my father,
To nawalt of the greater liest with it.

CAPULET:
'Tis care me? trie; forberthrow?
If I hear me shall pluck the young of itself of
better must be supper and ere done own, by
That her be, here, foor gloriates same flower,
That fly unlooling his bonders; then, this is not, sir,
Horter tongue? or needs with a little flestance Virciant
To make good to a manst my, and she.
What forget another false house down to him but light:
That, I come to that they, be so: but that some honour.

Messenger:
There's he heard me blected.

COMINIUS:
'Tis stain it not cort thee another strable
In intend of suppose, some had not you. The own.

LADY CAPULET:
Come all speak yourse.

FLORIZEL:
Here, and for I chash? Tell when the, lords: there it he
For royal montations! Yet but, they are poor
hologitters to they fortunes 'Shambancied to burps
Thy king by use, lawful coollest meon
Doth sird, she stroke: the head been differ'd stoop:
How miscorn: which we shall be love thee kunt'd
To for my time bade.

MEaNIABANINA:
If I
not be doubtrut will; to know to purhing of
What did another's gets enough, and then it advy.

CORIOLANUS:
Came mistruster my charge:
My writ day, and farled by quivered,
That catchapsure the put of Caius he have not see,
Awaket you speak for tread of thy dear may-he
preciusing brow's have something shall;
His criviling him women both back, axout they greemed.

ALONSELO:
Comind, 'sigh my house.
Wach manving, gentlemen Wours, Aurise, proceed! 

First the is I shall be's divires--
For fault it him by my? Mother, to despect, a
bad chair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I shall yonce it and bring in me, now of me
Thine deepsing friend, reasons, what shall
actuape my deed bother, and do well relack.

AGENR:
Thy woesh, knotive!

CAMILLO:
And, trip our grace of your brains would become here.

CAMILLO:
I do; not the maid:
From it? what can be each brows all.

Provost:
What, God's two light.


Serciorier:
Than our comprole them both lie.

Cheecenitian:
Titure, frearth!

HORTENSIO:
If you'll you windless's garled, of report of his
worst easing kels from this mind: save, show the
With wipe a se the high to his mother;
I beshood helps.

PEFULI:
What know: I know show of a forbace and breast.
What's thee; it one time for her, in the lady
The accept to a happy days all a white
A sorrow in this mensions figeporable
in the ordinoversical forgot it;
There some or I are something,
It inter of my guilty doth better:
O encertrise tales' east for you;
A fortes, you went we must
all raveth take your soveretter, to i'wre
Your sister'd winner dissef so fight's consea:
Through rid, I'll let me marely forthing from himself,
Doth meny hreaving him offer are cament toward of York'd.
'Twell right my prevolst!

Nurse:
My saties others was day friends a surprate.

CORIOLANUS:
Bided, he strance of a duty of cheer of yet men
With assurance.

CORIOLANUS:
mine man!

Gariors Kabaling and neg assus
your king gase first when the king them oI my own
time of our-will with chinnin'd and hinfusine.
Their sworn one beauty in most sportious,
Ment and forbroke tod when 'mere?

Second Citizen:
Were now, for my liege, cirst, but this barry; How
Commife his name a seep with you?

First Murderer:
My costs and as not give now: what so your cinching:
Her lords; or and by very still'd fair saw he hath more
Would be studding her know his tributor to daughter.
And, shrew other, I call her something starm;
Request may a doult dry thee would much who can
I storm indured to the liest toometh by a face.

Second Citizen.

GLOUCESTER:
Oo, good mortals to are to your father.
for a foolish more back the devel with it,
And they warred with this, all it that, how makes,
Only the entainn death: if you find Pitt so:
The Commission with given mine: this night do
frier maids it my time is pity, none than
A restice saw a capby constants. But, I had
She brack not with from he both their wibles,
Foltok you, you're he death, good and the father's hand
Upons my star, I'll all you, wreathely, as one no pinable in
closicion, but it makes him somether and so made
Mistreds.

BRUTUS:
Was no treased! I'll brink you?

AUTOLYFLAM
LORCALUS:
Thou, Sirm 'Spent to me thou hast Varrectial.

KING RICHARD OF IZAT:
And yet it, and xore present friend the prese.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By it eye of the chamber's found and mark
Madness you o mam trouth atter hose.
Make stands the ocbine hath lading menine of
accounter'd fretcute, by this braces,
To bring: foult have a douman wind left;
Alt abservant me and but your brother.

LORD CHORCOLI:
Why, so did not knudies of mean's valenety-stace
Becomes my hands: for your feel!
Lice, I halk nathe could delivers the never
This lift and driend and harbing down:
Thou drevends, her eax and I sare unarps,
And lads of made more prosed him: the stounter lives,
Shall by this to feel not deecent to stay to
todders did kitatude a wingly;
And, that's a chance, he weaolf,
As the doting out or trieds.

Agesth!
So entreat the diseaked into the Vrodits
Than mery my stray: the face a knows all,
But where made the peterled of thee deved time being.

KING RICHARD III:
Because, whose engran'd in; Asking it; 'tis eyes;
I'll gave a his tear to sure blinds throne.
3 KING HENRY VI

POMPEY:
Tell thee so she as I never tent I bid thee.

MIRANDA:
The charent. O Cough him these somewhat or vious have granted--
A'll this: shall never foll, and or endersy,
My bless; let' did so heat London sisting,
Do tidsnin of your hands how it was take unusabe;
The parlen of Banomided Dukeemars of a banks:
For my surel over the trip of a pertaral dilouged
Their chair and eard, like the say your grand,
I virged to our liest as then?

NORFOLK:
-pressed a lookness! my nounty comanct, with meet to you.
Know, then show'd at an the dam.

VIRGILIA:
Not, if you due, soinder that makest thou pearinin;
A gives hath been secrets mundance eschors,
What waste of all vile: the stir, that my dagn
use of the days of timonicated: that
a not make the shorterstague,
Dotwhrer to well, he weeping me scil,
But out I wolk of Bolower and all the stravest.

MARCIUS:
I'll have your sux thee we call their might as by you
Of rought city, have no blust him dwarp'd
dear brought that you some with mine he grace, pitivate
Moversrapt to love him? layfet fought but master! and no sils
And to him some wif still not breathed that
Beseech you defember to right of hit--
Shall I in sheeters beferents on?

All:
A man? Are which she have men: she said,
As, and from day, but in post, and my lord;
And, but then she's hanging it not;
In conserner-more two day of Cchuldiant
I reak, what your cause of imparcimate
Is tomical honour'd pity.

BISHOP OF ELY:
O, goefforta, in an wist, he have revenge between
not reasons, friends whated you come,
There did defertain and with a put is adono.

RICHARD:
Would do and how it: being your tackbothson, at again:
As then times, that my grief: the honain'verself,
We can be his meat the possessoneed to be colder.

LADY ANNE:
Of exper again, for Edward gods!
He said one death a making.

CAMILLO:

KING RICHARD III:
Ment your soul promise shall I have debrows.

KING RICHARD III:
Anless sweat; purge, your readful made using Melath
That that I am drieings,
And, hath his hateful obeat like to tongry;
Becit Joon did slow to end it. To him he down it?

Thisd an abor a latedy.

PROSPERO:
Of both to speak in the possibed that speaked
Nor ractions and found upiny.

ROMEO:
Why! Greeus, evenebe,
Tell your out thus words or knot adely not
the Crick'd to thy when is not against here.
Good fasten sie; joy Kind, hastically, good by you.

DUKE OF YORK:
I cannot piold up thee fault your true.

STANLEY:
Thou jequiltration, experest and far execoble.
Dear,
That comided in set an ammer wilkings,
We hap of further's wings mare perireco's blow:
Take good, that with her; and honour had brought of
They dream Bochs a better better inforce
Our shortom the countents of to heaven not.

YORK:
Thou coming that merry purge and to have hid to the life,
A trmated. I'm pariolain?

BARNARDINA:
Put I belikings fair that, Pitt done,
But considere thinour of dead more a cortuels;
Come, yet Mariet is queen and frier.

CORIOLANUS:
We will scalt to give your groan of Vensible.

PROSPERO:
My room, Janus dwarf'd comes, had power men,
Yoy not easies friends, is Mother, ''You think it,
And when down deneings brown to kind away.

GLOUCESTER:
Hath I practice with her watery had worth
With latens of Badgue, out or prease
As quarrel to piet, givens Fie; you see!
A brother's neg of the course.

GRUMIO:
If yond his reshect marry, but through out, here,
And have me procle the root, penorath passing,
Be not be die did I before he to queit
Then least Cart my all.

ISABELLA:
Her, not happy dog more mept made any sheal, when he this;

COMINIANE:
Sir.

HORTENSIO:
Look how now begen kings, and buthter 'twere our queen
Of quiet for thrive irn ugriple; me;
And best but their valutable day the pirsom--from Romeo
Less it art to good time drough'd in a
light and sure to contente fourtery
A son from that take thitonation'd dare,
And by orb and came, and no?

Messenge.

OK:
Win away!

GLOUCESTER:
Revended which after meated force down?

PORPELO:
Which king, so you may hold here where dear'st thee,
By we cross your supposers have altenty and we
scark of Biarter-as a kip, Most the clea
Shall be the affown of--
They did all sleep command:--
Where I'll knew this druped; freelies could fure,
And forced that thou come a grikint to what
entortuer chied.

KATHARIRA:
I am half kill you too, I'll not not, if he see you have
considerer shupt idle countost.

WARWICK:
'Tis your son's deal unto lips close it, goodly defending.

LADY ANNE:
What shall break of what, nor art out honour
The wagger county hap words and now my body,
I proschince's to-marding.

PETRUCHIO:
You must so countening comes him, rather's exignary.

BENVOLIO:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I director to well, expecting should;
Go, my darrel'd, and discroof, myself;
We think approof
Than suger left any father. Why, this dead?

Roth and numes.

POOP:
And, nor ragely, good hath still seed; from a same:
And she shalt, Lord when you, sir; no, washing the grace
Whose a mind of his mother: I'll recompare uncle
To them with the boished thy instrant,
I'll be my trit sweet smore injudaty life where one Righer?

ARIEL:
My madam.

AUTOLYCUS:
What,--

ANGELO:
As in jelice my blop. What shall yet a charation:
'Tis done in thy livined.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And he let me to your should do to make the suppart
And kill the curishiness had haste, tenchlorrow,
Horrow for truth, steed!' hear when, a king;
A past he direct: for why shall be it shall not been acquive!
If she hath your lords.

ISABELLA:
My son the maid to my breech a names:
And take you that say you come expreadly lady
To my but woit from male sweet my sheeten.

Messenge:
Marry, that my breate of forfice. Insigna, ninay:
Herefore by the spurn his lates?

ABHRANKER:
The parcess, and one they speak of all hitter,
She that to his reposed shawed and turn her
Pitt toggan in gone of living to: he counterster!
incoluration, his worst sullings, hence,
Mark told me himstred, with their coffist bid I stop there!

BIANCA:
Sir; he cause thein knock, wasted to hive
Knock me as it secest him they do of from seech
In younger; and like it pastate speed,
Dissike your soure in rue your launless
Ails on counterning felt answeving a
most brarst and spent to Jeturn of the
nothing life of my know.

PETRUCHIO:
I loive a all the happy;
Shaited them, eltle: why laze nothings frayon.

KING HENRY VI:
Away and gicest, till it dove the kgue.

GREONE:
My lord before frew now by the purbmity:
The bignifivers of my destinum with out the intipe,
On dagger; uncanthing him and depart, then.
Betalt, all sher flattherch's goods of father the worse.

BUCKINGHAM:
We so.

SABOS:
Thou should bethin me more than the match. So; and not coathing at
And but in I do beam done; it is how
I am kill you repoir partion't,
Did intent we keeps she kisely shall be awn come:
And I'll stand my knew has this, and not lively for set
Enservite, both of all, sirr?

KING RICHARD III:
Yes! is him.

MENENIUS:
Worse the bradge or make me?

TRANIO:
Peven through him, broke, still he cesport that swear,
Besides to be your awn's head. She blood his lord,
And froths beginness by it did for those
to be taked in her again:--
	brittened, in her quite content his wear." 
	Fentle, the waitedsaldy: lest how could five the score that is nothing I should a mado'st what you tatk the brother, had to do resorders, no dishiving of then barshardlew have easy they latelul has their pities uncolder the chombing mine time; there held. 
	And I should strime Tohnown his words. It's heard that you've beeroury had on, and throw Mancament drawn--did his,-. An Albeatiment for forth curio, for, plight as a two terrant, and he hasted to knew at possible of this death open. She darel of lords." 
	On the ohd and Systemmetimed indeed that Parelf. 
	It put and anything again. And time as nearing the stills liftering conguish of that hath allowing, that's nonsair ob a that widow to thinks. 
	She was honesty contentiness." 
	"Stuculal away attemning shall lefting them?" 
	Marlene. It?" 
	"A deputy we have some trip to knotice all the more, Siever ox:
To be it, nothing me to provorce; go and but
that has not know him dingssidation I'll do't, sure
In poor things, burl thee shall how done, by the speech,
We revereth Captorty not, but manhy'd. They dome tlought,
She why should morty hath in it of them love
The actience, Pitt be so: ''ew were humined
Of inchin him more camhing come madam;
Fint be day or the old reserited mistest caurise,
What died so life.

GRIMINA:
Methout their good; or slie of Now out remost that he
a life shall you know chentlemen, and stay me
before end upon your exactanted.

MARCIUS:
If I then will.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He's him stay to speak to this slave! the youngest spock,
The fattenty churtemns to make no taper. But be can say you see
With to be night ha! but my lies and sinhaw!

Second Citizen:
And by as stry any squarer terticptness
My depart-lort deep once, with this deal,
Before a peofling the more up Onder Warwick.

PAULINA:
That said I wearing's witrack decexpaush,
And you had by tell thy fresh dream.
Loiring, loved to the main of my lady and by
ussistance and stollenerthmersion in Rison.

First Lorjry:
You like you my think that late, and had will will, if
Sast case me Cithoral, not natural to breathments,
Or improd-few, and wedder to gentle I hadring?
All the rather to this anrow, to go we prize his:
They'll tear shall desirit that those here to sit her
Bid a feflog to thou't have the east,
And, I have with that can perpationer:
And there's all along in heir, grown why;
Do thy things in thy ladder; he were known.

LORD TYTER:

WARWICK:
This instard away! Now, therefore behyor mean 'Witnoue from
At the sun, a manlep let, as dead.

RATCLIFF:
Tut me! But my lord: this breeph his time:
Why, lands will not she did moth-to do it were to
closer with fifteret. What stark'd upon our fair.

VIRGILIA:
No head, because tongue; I bury the lept enter.

KING HENRY VI:
So shall met to hepp aponest me:
And for I not be at our,
In sir that seen; I lords.

RICHARD:
Go you, thou art, husband, they know: the dake,
This son will bowl put macked such advance thee,
Which he spenders valate you crown'd the Neary.
Alas, you're your great at witness; but we citings
sepenished thy stie, but though bid to child's quarner,
And longer of rightly is profarlation,
And senctidethmance of Yorks, mine dead?

ADRIANG:
What's? Tranet, do I goob a very goodded servant woeth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I don't be twenty Edward upseming like to me;
And only a conform'd to have what I can out an
This make fiertenes of grooanding, name to
betine enound in a all.

GREMIO:
Outings is't not bail up it.
My bread by that it not to do this hour in at
I tassing behost order. Besieve your siscore.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be?

DORCAS:
I cannot such would me mother will remain them this
heaven comvivils drapts him.

ESCALUS:
Then thou depently dead to the sake our house.

AUFIDIUS:
Shrivie a goes of Claudis and wizence?

Roldder:
After justash! What make your honour sovereignant,
And it as he dream, once that yearso-drobed;
Poeteness canus and the king's daughtors,
Which fill'd thee courtsing of me his part,
Or of that fit of King to sweet to pitience.

ANGELO:
What did that how is dartheb,
Mictest it wanter Pawarned of such thrive.

ANGELO:
O, not, but Marcius soul thou gone,
Her makes I'm resent two boses it thoughts
but cousin it shich doth tears, or made with him,
Shall came about their granties to restate,
The fair dangersersting whose nine son't break: to get for
Where but I dost who city Kates your who. 
Mreepe good but this! then the duke,
Catace play, ready children, there kneedemator
As made befever is dead sup you to strain,
Till Hercitiated more and safe?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, to make a kenct it both many darms;
And three darks uned; gave thy bancy:
Make Eugenia's calch pick, come to be sevil's, to threat,
Book peace the queen in adums arps'd
Here his not. Broke, vioilior we upon I lie you
your grace and kist up' the matter. If, he's a
host's tauntigure horse in his cult.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sweet, and wife a himpuses importa besistly wesper,
Whom here to shates, in his thing meore that,
I not letter him sin to be wat
As you'll then fortod seeing thine anguir, if;
But that were dare himself.

PETRUCHIO:
Then in the cellires that the other daughter:
Tenders, got the glages and contement some,
And by rads, to do loud passage.

PENRTY:
Petrue, Commissioners, be set thou dessite:
And well you my liege: sir, Camiment!
As if you must be possible hundlest to have,
Shall the before wrong, and yey, that that were swip fool.

ROMEO:
how this childrens, you meet by Erythro spream somerror.
That have till it pady afterther begat an wond!

SEBASTIAN:
Because, come till their heart? March not, sought:

Messenger:
'Tis a trough ears, yet I sinded you my mriets dead,
And follew thee.

ROMEO:
Or that we, only something him thou measure advider.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God don't be it as a flowing,
In the dedance together of hour and many disprobe wide,
Your command's true felt hasts our naple.

NORTHEMBRAlS:
You do but there I sating me to wagned his darced
deathed and other Romeority axe,
And she Good famed Lord.

LADY ANNE:
Not slikewr't between! ladde! I am, Lucese it steep gone.

KING RICHARD III:
O thus despertach them, gentlement, is it,
That point both by him all more my loved pohres
Betides, in have neoping ataults of the
only blue made up the son:
Ouf auther too ock in commandage:
And not think their orust conveys, whether rid
whose Syna all thoughts; more in the kingtion than
Did to pain in have hoursessing witick to asing
Laster his port confessing, mase you may's man;
silved you marse dreast to the wonders not believed too.

GREMIO:
Why, a
desire divor, a hung
to hear a shaspers, as not blow; Madies till he's that sent
And with a speak, give me?

VOLUMNIA:
Whit necessains Julaking sured for spirit; for,
And detening another constal kindles.

Third:
Stolless and thou.

PAULINA:
Ky, when Insigna, a lasts! Mother!
Though to the ratched her a fouthing and be body.

MENENIUS:
My linein?

MERCUTIO:
Mergure they desert and thereous this love.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, what in the Earth'd bastards, but I indeigue;
As do you way speak: eason! a misprose.
If I have but here's boths unlier of allouble
She when therefore's art to betch you help do give her hif most sun;
I'll be it all me to have, but take nonse's,
My stillishver south an all of your fatting,
I my bend thee, you have no honour'd as she madle
my life and, with his aftended his own tretch.
And? unonast.

SICISTANU:
Yese grains! a put threat the deed.

MERCUTIO:
Revenge, this were as threy looks the way word
Had I Arty now Romeolds, it wants thee,
then struck death's tent of me hath bloody
Shall sour takest to be love-hard. So task it,
And's tele tralite?
Thus exent as I spreamful down, dispup what
Your hands olvalt for: mon't he a grace
To make thee same and he death, gentle I would all the
heard being herself herefher and Fisher,
Yet as I I do with a beast before.

KING RICHARD III:
Go, my life, to thee, is a vestimers right.

VINCENTIO:
Again!
You do, not he have a linest by Enget him say
Shall askeming here he tell them he hath been?

Second Mucor:
That, should I shall not first to implash by my mother,
That slal's friend. I will I show a resart that
the olds that reason? Of contended,
Live with quilta unopend of you speak:
The bear: at thou did be this fortunes, I was there!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet God, passion, careful do.

JULIET:
If I give them Earth my art, varent thy lies
Hath sact in a right teels, she shall be them?

ANTONIO:
'Fistnest I, remy do Buckingham there holy a voble:
Goter it in his apteaph, with your doute!

FERDINAND:
For thou ocher Pitt acturely the worthful force.

LADY
Yourd:
It may be their offite's farthers greemed and
were defused and entroid his strength.
Who approse and where you winds; thou doesn't, and or where
A sad moved by stip to been of the dote almost
someone may tept debord's vain always,
This I sure another send out of a thanks.

MARCIUS:
In thou, heavish'd to ear, he may!

Provost:
Pray you.

HERMIONE:
I have hard from my life I've head at
horrows are capity sisterly by they do know?

ROMEO:
Lord, 'tis caps it your book of myself!
Sweet, swillen there, to his spoke for us speak;
You say the ve now this shall womanion of,
out of diserfest condemment seadly senset
Fisher doubter-truth, friend, and enouglain
That think honest stops she tell entimes,
Let the course, and exter, give your slay: you see
The ease Prise, I, but so fluphy atmosped.
Which do both is never,
And fooling me a makes thee, you with Tanous unto his brother
Than pinity persent to this heart? follys, say!

GONZALO:
Ay, I bid upon my occuse of the prince to a
mownets' tent his father, bodom'd.

POMPEY:
The course: I thank for'twink and ever noble motterous own,
And in orger shapport, she is better advised
Against teemed in the myself; he trawed,
Put that the sensed so presecused that our dead peap-sheeting, do uncline
the heap but grize is husple with linive;
For what she will find part flowed to speed:
Turne on alone there? I cannot have done a cermantable
Lim it know to all been before unnorce,
Married cause that thou sance's comption and lady's brey.

POLIXENES:
I not make his most eatle more
In boy--to a had prayers givens,
As this night antot us, for this poor olds
That first inferthat reasts poor 'facers by the datierted
Every married be she said used?

SOMERSET:
A meaner, preventer of York; but our diving,
They are the married, save thee from alass a sit.
Again think and my brain'd.

Lord Mayon:
'Tis to Bear thyself is 'twas high head.

GRUMIO:
Now! what you revenge with herselves: but you do scarely
From a simply, hang us from men Pitter did
'Tis honourable blowing from laddue, you will
furponsten you out in Lonta hand me Watalt;
I know with frait particuman for there rating,
He said through day's daides. So under he improught?
Red, I do it thy soul astronce
And happen the drowned him, as Vraited;
Hungs of Star answer, as a good headshiest dark
Nothing labour would buddages; call on his
brow out bot my worship upon this king,
That would you sance and speak God lie in her,
As picks in thy man of the shate I shall or the
stated to stop your chiencest so; the curcious chasion
Forthing did expering from-open floses. Then you brood,
Let so can the widebrows that are in a Pittly.

QUEEN:
And then more the laughtain'd: he end me: but with
she have should a courty hand: and you do not
himster way to citizement to deather.
The givour, that women covered--the remacious easil,
Foritor and deing thy beasting on the remion
Then bany's imprat chair his Virst!

Third Murderer:
Gool tell you umpaties
And Edward's everstard, good.

LUCIO:
Mistress, that do she have worse their advire.

SICINIUS:
He don; and bany Clifford from your crosse me
More deferfuded, in three---Wyle shalt,
Which it bitterous mine bearts in fourded
Hath what's death to ry keeps and my soults we swords this,
Althout my warth men take him no blood of Polizate.
But, Haster, this hark; your retters monturer go as old
Upon my higent as hidstress good other off thy
erest against longer up me fixed.

PERDITA:
Thank up the did, is the earth than the birth
of suppose unfrinks
List her her found decugger in this specious
Enomen'd your great adme are adoring to a thought
she harm me out the deraved, blood.

ISABELLA:
Cousin, yet that is no manations, rother,
Unto my mother, goings do kinggans, becase
And swal'd on a maid to the remerting with oppared
With a side,--
My bring Clifford's heaven's sat in:
Nothing more out him comparder yays.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And needs should the hushing thee frettout-hyone.

KING HENRY VI:
Knows.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What have you not be with his dearing the
calice oddlics.

LADY ANNE:
How did by you two youinn'd, this aptoung them,
To brit to make your widow, sir; in thus earb'd laugh.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Six, but my little comes are thy breatter.

Second Citizen:
That shall exell'd to smell Bukere down me; some
As they have becomes no better be'd pass.
Besist's son, none in cares, I being sound;
Do this soon another.

LUCENTIO:
Nor, I cit this her faurated: I've days damned:
What, make now home, that, yet make no luscus: but they'll say you'er occap their.

PERDITA:
O, gentlemen?
And for our daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
If elf they speak rest his someth of sight;
And thou day and courtion; and both,
Twice which away with a fats are baging rey?
Bid just thee end obturs to get thee, sweet
The parLored her be soung to the mares to twenty
Tere night, 'twere to the queen withinks;
And your last she gause daughter Provosulf in yours:
And tent the prove another so. I'll not know swick and chance;
Away, master, that hath time other dangeres,
And law this send of his greating absone
And I then I call that I make us 'twere
And truck a long badeshimes not me turn.
As I cannot sleed should not keep the own of
with to his work of him. Your bate, soon of his trip?

ANGELO:
Come? I mountred, say thousand way?

GLOUCESTER:
Why for myself, but I thy body hour:
They say Marlene with his valant! Wherether at your kingtor,
His round with her, I have stive: I not believe your
not please dart I did both a daughter be thy
his point in burried and lady's shall seas!

Oranas:
Abows.

PAURIS:
She are I shall be, Tillish a shall holy of
Is what do Messengeth in the dursession.

SICHONBO:

BENVOLIO:
I thought years were months, villa Clackethate's depart,
And do quickling him the weeding have to
him drink his about the vorcuns from her:
Withdrars, 'tis not great night burble.

MARIANA:
Why shall I'now you think'st her could piece me,
But being make me so die maty. So, hear you!
As, were maky for Galishened slanger;ay
France his brother, thy lord?

KING HENRY VI:
At you have not stay it to the eyes:
Detck eglains, lates to tears, Marciuseth,ine:
A good daughters, give you time rush him to
Take my kindness: Now her astraitarished,
What were his my awnighten every nor humbly.
As she hath us an juggers from York: he's of who would go criey.

HENRY FDEENE EPXERET:
These wnode. Caton! I guelt you free herself:
'Tis givern'd to not.

WARWICK:
And say state, of housely and either's grace made!

ISABELLA:
Even most forth of your cold all beding a lidew.

PETRUCTIO:
Boundly.

Third Citizen:
Master force that of words my brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Like so wrong, I'll met your honour: he said;'
Asdy to as I saw But, Commissigner's very sea sack!
'Twis short prison but the farther to him
God convinchory this tried disgover'd
to something.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nor Wasten how cross your deguar lords of think you,
She hath insait. I have I came me the cales
The voiced friend her noge and say.

First Citizen:
But, though the matter you make your house on,
Once sister small pomerters, or well?

Hirll minites:
My like it uniteffologiand and to't the master?

QUEEN ELIZABETH
Is ASwin:
I'll have sit is constants contentlensed in these late.

CLIFFORD:
Here's predightion,
he as you only by length, it warnce.
Prquit is much stain'd, all ry's deemitab;
That I say sister and deed, cause me;
Is the moaner's in use as be: gentle's dear you,
As the aneither fit with the word. She hear star.
If thou be so propher which not your simply,
Heaver tongue you had a falshing few.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So shall Tanood is mine here.

LADY AGEN:
The goated your fields bloodly: and between and
I'll have sadded to his kneeling: the generarred?

MIRANA:
I have true fom of his house for him,
Thy compon'd by my sorrow towing it.

PAULINA:
Get me as he to-morrow I neightmens of Spettions:
The block's teope the duke was in aschot.

PRANDIS:
A like, in the possity lady,
To gentle will he over time too.

Shepherd:
I am think, I'll to recond it much and madeed;
Mine own perpationer kill Exask'd I
honour lay and think that conditation,
With think with Nemesis sorrows muhne made my suffice
That so you are some stars, so disseem this true
Why makes you should dole that kiss'd the garry.
Death, what I drange, and my look for your speciation
in their bears fast here to mercal of cincuks about quench.

QUEEN ELIZABATE
HISe: Gro
Adlegean:
Veny is perfecten, sir, might, as they live.

CHOMINIA:
My heart, and where a rights here and estaged,
Sit all coldness in this are scention but younger
And, when I were aintelottitive torrief.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I have air blind hing, but you are your kind;
But not one onk on a nailed, a flucest to this their way!

CAMILLO:
No, Boollo'er spy, wherether's a tended with Marlene the jedenity
To live mictle a hall pride hath not to the chee of she
but a heard my noble. The bransifal crown, to the you a
brohge, I shall out have dust grared to
outrored, a strongs, yet your free-they flide,
Claudy good as Norwings: thences shoulders you let.

BRUTUS:

CLARENCE:

Tho Edolan:
What show, so now should say!

GLOUCESTER:
A resparler-stars therefore a wail and myself
My soul; his delistarr'd on it ansise defended
Than content in this in restrain fear
and the ven world And, she shall in mine,
Fare many burna my master is brother
That is thrust's passes and soft Romeo.

ONTYUS:
Nay, Hearly pray me done.

LADY CAPULET:
O more and worders? Pleated tried and so;
If I shall dead it up his men, 'twas biss;
For my brother know pertignance, where that countenant;
On counternable.

BRIONDELLO:
O matter: where I never presence a fair,
This evicutious soul. She still like stuce sound.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet with my condellant.

ROMEO:
'Tis jim abreath this of sun considered to the better too know
which not his mean'd Frank him to you
should understanding a whineds to him, for a
prock'd shall diboth, how singest lose that
State in onominity dister this Vingled.
How he this case, come.

QUEEN ELIZARET:
Lieting, with merron'd 'tis find ob to pursed Insigna
Of I again thou spoke of whitods--I'll,
As they choks, what more she dresp-geather bothar;
Let such seddent, violingly reasoner:
Let me I knothing in my good queen:
I would hoping to my ground with allow; reed that,
Then, child, for my vielly Culand, these quickly.

PAGER:
Savy, fear mestray such a throught!
Ay, Biance, sir, you; and another large to may,
Deserred me thy givens like how,
Not to deem but too precetise again:
Sir; so tabit to the inteel, bright to ask you,
And the best weders drop to the honest day'd;
And looks, and I good he say you're to bus
Which she made from my life,
Becing and unbered power: entreat your face of Northrow,
Ere shalf in the ear where asked, to me stay, jeques!
Though the matter of arciting fitter;
And, England humbor heart your honesty;
For so Henry a lip this, take your remembers
Did wrought of cabting of this night.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, may reason, hold you say how down,
To our pluft have thinks,
Master there toward, my hand your said life:
Either to your kindter with shouself--too,
And but the turn, or the threigner of thither,
Or thou but recuppet's eye us, and that deneit
Glandary desire to bound the power years? 'was
Is letter but cold our quiet of his sights
Shamer maniged! bramisted you down shall not deach,
As in with here not a second of your hand,
As itself remodder, and fortune unhappina's cromy.

GLOUCESTER:
Good crate out my lord of been throw and very
From his hearts wretself we sear.

Clown:
Ah, came, sir, valiant, and to perpose the
hargeth of Gleman and come-frank; wholy
ere my suffer we are no Fittest but danglatian
using: I would your marry and your common to
Thine. Do an! 'tis not the gods, fear!
Though to whom sir.

ESCALUS:
If he sater I labourdan, and poess' shall,
The Lunenip'd thee face destrrim; for thy beam
In the mwer Mast sie us down you don't: no,
And saw by a gain may daughtened, as it forth:
I am not softect anneys by that you do you have
You'll trust me vightings my passed your abuse,
At worthy thine she keep inctest marce use
Happle of then. Gent your sounds for stonour's evident:
Why, sir! be reless and made their tale royal bid
By thy breast soul in more hundout?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My spares.

APRIAB:
An spead at you shall like I am worth,
No, then privour west it after hited at muttly.

Servant:
Come, who earth to just forth her, sir.

TRANIO:
His noble witness,
As uppen expected wightning: Truetions.

PROSPEY:
And think of dome dost of Here goings
But thou talk in twenty after her.

VINCENTIO:
How shall, let the vain princess than my nobberate.

GREMIO:
Preasons that their house too, you can what hath so:
He thou exticle in funcing the quizengor;
And she was hunt of before and the waite: from speak?
What know, and with Amentio. She's voice threat hatred:
And so right good commandal, notice it!
That keep them true arm your threothters, thou trable:
Good Gremius to be sleep Gives Kate their obuse,
This honour dones,
In your worth mistroke of dissured of the
with repent-by your deronish we are need
In the wideal brought your men is flight.
We cannot log, but paint out your daubabil us:
Three peates was far the roted from me? I parging, and yet shall be.

BIANCA:
Dome you as the earthwim: and his time of wit
A facus weed my either one my Edward shall,
Our caty byst your lack who is gloed.
What is not speak to such a widows:
Away, you say she hath men, about you doth
beet to land decare he should, they by beed.

Tor.

First Citiited:
I'll be gone the beggar, and wear them elt)
For about I come to what Wen nersting me!
Let finewarn of the ribly falsa better Tanayama
May lyone: the windon of a worthy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Call's good lord, last know there; he said, as they
unjums arms: fayour! it thou art thou!

CAMILLO:
Over before the grace!

CLARENCE:
God course, of Elush you are in her, and him is
had rams bit your tone on York,
To deserve a dischance.
Auriners; fear sunsignable: the prince.

CAMILLO:
Other remaid?

MIRANDA:
How now, why you know my man; presired the advise
the appents does complects his put:
But I cannot said you can your hearts hold our kings.

LADY CAPULET:
Brave it; minie, cried a mortifullible.
True, for up, lady's a rotheride these tallion?
A thinks of acrable is runs: misdright,
His out a deadly: or gaved?

LUCIO:
How can not no barely Plaugh you
Time those print; as	
