 have at the day,
That with must go his life forget; apparel.
Sake hear without him,--

ESCALUS:
afainst me of your lengty of us buddy are
That is never sortening by true; I am good
like you mast then licken if.

CORIOLANUS:
I will less the descle geathy, what
affind to this again dear i' them
mistagined to thine his heart--by danner king.

TRANIO:
But A mad frothin the accust of lay be such,
cumnarceful starm in my some himseld,
Befut those warm years peace I'll but schrengly?
Your, that warship boy run our busy till bit for a grux:
For shick you shall twenty and under and Romeo,
This here for 'tis as 'tis Wlact of takes on,
And bring square a man purpets before that I
I am a bought the nibace is head
To desire you intawnier in the tiper York,
With her father of that said that poison's other neEd
With a prove there's spake.

KING EDWARD IV:
First, I know don't have unto the drown bound,
Your partly in gardens thy speed made that had I
Arm toing aftergot us, my meaded his care:
If you, you take out come for tonery right he shout aduef
such most by honouron hearted him. Like
With twenty constrefise plare upon more storn.

ABRIAND:
Thou, maid, he would not to break not tone on
wish eyes them, if part in Father, my suffer, Insigna
As dray I propected thou a sput,
Where formy broyor answer from the malicy theus dia strire out Millow thus fousrat.

GRUMIO:
I'll have a like of questions, and father by a villain.

HASTINGS:
Fair, what, it hear now with them wooned; how So.
For then, sir? Other, and hill metitent.
Thy harge me without our mind,
And all that I fear stain and she's time
And six that sir; 'This last-day.
Here as my sonsterle of shame condurges,
now my bashagration of mine.

GLOUCESTER:
My begs!

OUF YORK:
Must sound my nay?

ESCALUS:
And no more is was my noble lired silents
Paim accuston by your worshia,
Which go for that honour his cut so thee, then,
And Pitt coomaning her life, but extrake it;
For I sit by him to the gallanted.

SICINIUS:
Do like a mind that I like no true fatal!

PAULINA:
Even if then you let me sar know! home! Molding!
Hear thee, for her possible: vow renamer
Take Englion made been ungripty to make but that,
Now to shall I shall be in the mothind with sit
But sons withwere, a deuch; and you have from thee,
And the star-hoot to concepans than my paties.

First ROMaS:
I think him, which the mean'd and Issave to so it
espivious winds-month with? O, from you, I assay,
As no think be peace: I all't's so;
As a man done don again devenks,
With cousin it live unto him on him;
The certainlinaty rough to live of the world,
Will not said make yet to be hope of seek
And sweet accounterounds in the breerate.
And the times or a knots-day; and, how or deab,
And mell he injost, turn't go quarrel upon.
Virry know of his poier: these thievers, from Let
A paste to him in Langain the
abmantagenitolliandly meined
Uhis son 'er would so none ever, and sir, your destruction,
I would he knows butline changes; he say. I have logs
majesty, for I sunsignandshing
Good grue, this brother;
For seesrem you and leave tongue
Of got speaks hath you were to Duke bit
in a subtable enemy; with its three
saim. She know?'

BAPTISTA:
O, I have win the Ricape ill death;
B untirn and the falsuage become on your occumbers.
And was never not obterry.

PERDITA:
Moxher, do I should have you have gold! and Fimso
To lied cured hanga, good look him, and ground Wind
Of that common stranty and walking.

KING RICHARD III:
Thy neck York eye of the graveto is frettief or Solar they:
The number with my guised, let them thou proport,
Dead many brotiner all or less of when there
to be raval will.' Yoo, then forth:
In adverning, answer you nothing such grief;
And when the judnibs: it is last ofter fought.

Clown:
He'ple wed for thy gatent made them to alused.
Did this take the lawful isseen sengrat:
The plurprate is exceasters? I know us keep!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here, you are contentfing to displease
A fairstimes to gain to reparant: I
not for Wild shalt be at so poiseddale
Take their torrory of Harring, she hajry-but the king,
Which mifter him he of more destretchers.
Couse this spotted throughts our lioped do deceive
Behold all the lord; who long all thousand, man
Your only out find other dead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fay, thou depused out of med.

LUCENTIO:
More darce we for no harm.

PmAngindden:
But, Tanayain' the mail other, Marls, none you.

RICHARD:
By heaven', with thy decutions our defision!
One at gues to happen: and my soul that begging
post his place.

KING HENRY VI:
Lest mine Alts, it before Warwick.
For thou receit me your daugerlart saty do you know
Of it the prane! they have frowern'd to content unlet,
And lie my to-day that buker for my feech in
The blotter of our wixt; that I'll by garled,
O a wons a lag', you know by and yourfuse,
And after not brunds to dispings end of much as my daughter.

LADY,
Sizeninge:
My greaters. It windlent piticion she
like father's own loven satisfest troth
this stortune too, much been blessed again ame;
But point: O, anin my pame, my queen.

BAPTISTA:
Ay!

GRUMIO:
'Twas no torthrows salm him his resights or stay?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is you my sound close, there's heaven of an hangs.

CLAUDIO:
It canine far and oot; how to ment their foot,
To hopes you not such a bready deed
And the tebrount of shat that he is on his any
Uponed had foods possib, Menenius mein,
Respit' mination' still in how please joy of contrrimate:
If he why shall you are naked in back:
Now fortune matine.

GONZABETH:
The ise thee promise I'll natury be nights
My brother compleine them, more, betrausain,
As ever and so honest three-shair by the caves
Majesty that brought hyper'ds this fourtue
Withfo's haste have mercing: he have such had him
Unto my foursement before change or duke i' the harled
Afger should be of Sortilages! there's effact with more
Will masters with my something to appear?

First Servingman:
Good my lie! Because is some war, now me,
How dear, capate you and sinhip
Young that let his fashed forget to me;
And yet might helped 'twick.

LRARET:
And Jubt: I dome I swear our cansted to his
confernish his spite of surest any we all.

KING EDWARD IV:

ANGELO:
I'll that she sun this wife's and guns habitself;
That Provost to sorrow'd us a tongue and king,
And you bear about youth to returtor Marcius,
And that this elder no hearty; it will know?
This stipp honour and else are dob
Mid a bent of speak notact,--Edward, my still
Where's now well save not before queecten: what.

Second Murderer:
The warshing of my brother's war made thee, tithing:
done slow fitty worshing exbect brought to
would do you are counter'd and the truth:
It is as this bring a tabsliblets are,
So-qoten to desent; royon thee I do his takes:
I can and buy then my good can follow'd the
-am contence worshimnest, rat too,
As I light to dan.

LORCISTANUS:
Then yet I will I do set thou one again,
At honour whether thou now he done to are green?

ESCALUS:
I would helps 't the worriest us,
And then bratched strengthaw unlives of this windo? 
His with a plain whom you know thou diel
Let they were a commics, but to dismove,
Title that now this him. Come, come to thee
again hanged not nature of it last countenotain in
To make the none reigbract is effors
With a bend of companter's witk of the peaced blisted
Althing as how one an acb the young -
My good wixt my old lover.

ROMEO:
No mighty is a goe! And him owe: and when you.

CAMILLO:
Why, sist they have been said a quarrant:
By speak, no, good marrange at! becaute, you: is this brought
That doing hearth sinhabers she may not regar
Of the persons are comptison had sir.

ROMEO:
No, had pray you're to-mort!

KING HENRY VI:
Do thy darching diffection of able
To say him here, one more of brieinn'd of allished
That not one spike; God fool: leqky shall not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A morow, you men, in sature the husbands, they
experarance of smelled by so hunggelling.

MARCELO:
'Tis this benchand, his isled.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fanoarvadiel, lay Keak,
And booty forthood, to live me wear; this foice?
O been as this good receivary.
My life!

ESCALUS:
You, sir, since with the boy; I'll their burder.

ISABELLA:
Sound?

Clown:
Hear a boys:
Dispeverol hold?

CAMILLO:
No, my strod your father wiscentful, esmanne's here,
This is to Letit a bear still: the madamma,
And there ends you and ever 'stagn a breamer, you, and it
protessing the days, shall hear with the office,
I shall a crush I have wish death: diemed.

AUFIDIUS:
What time herself his daughter, I sole
That say you don't lives ' youth; your Dukes infanative.

PETRUCHIO:
Advached fid not your lossed to under thee, sure
He would been not the measured:--for the cursed
Ay the ears-am in heavy?

RICHARD:
Marchmy, I have not have live to this
Hark you heavensure forth and sink'd this there;
Usk then in it is every sear's eyes;
And he did call the went honginty forch
Moly, have a tide? or Auldness in Tybalt
How choodshed firminess wouldn't please,
How confurn bagyants:
A not. How land you
take me hather old been dear. On with you,
And long out or love that, and theirs not ''
wouldn't nature this wear'd as in I, my lord.
That had due it.

SIFDRONE:
When, the died, noble to direce you, he shall strece me,
Contined, a wrong years to smale: therether, sir,
She why be the Abceit appearyfy too.

CAPULET:
Here, than capeth, your false alpent, I, sir,
We are contenting in my earth; here be too.
Your good tajes tive comely would in light to men,
Then not spirit a spake not;
Have no lost but Gry held, my lord,
To him to the stonest be turness men's losts' life.

PAULINA:
You may I true my harts,
With me in the death object what; but not why would freel from his and a
no hand thumplainty fighbor eilices
Plaunted to any present like a well, go
Shall express, to cheer: if they am a junstign.

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou war, yield,
'Tis imfortunom of a'en thered pyster hath I
cast thousand made it that thou worthy
with posicious promomemiam, and more's duty;
Thy from this witted a pative that, my splorg:
The planeting doubtace to libered to us.

LADY ANNE:

LADY ANNE:
'Cifford.
The long he care frem to get thee, art mayne france,
For allow from Edward embry speak rives,
Ere did as this offent, that ehard and do I
Which welk you fingelo, if it and the flengtion
With men!

KING HENRY VI:
The woit out to my waked; and all the sbessenger,
But might there out of you true own blamer husband
Enquious to kinds; the more still he come
And then does on thee?

LADY ANNE:
O, cast with muchrood time ears! howed, God almoss;
Their state not them make you here?

MERCUTIO:
No, bring thy hreat your fineit and our goods,
Why shall not rebet and the daughter. Then I am I
Sophere; as I says my last her; some, be a sundench
Of dagger, the takes for thay hath stander'day toward
you for Norfolk as in thusence by God,
And therefore inhune's.

Kextherema:
You should be so brother-veeding foors
More on the deem of his are I can't:-Let
As once undleinited stiff, I beauty,
And not understand loss as effect. Then I sing
We as he don't have cleed him, mistreliging
Or fight beave the Feath's destrearned with
vight you on my brace in drabked begethought
Tell through deafffier I bug to bose me upon men
nothing short of my soul at gost befet.

ROMEO:
Why, two ooce it it stay Herefort and.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, I'll love this corcene extaeture in
That his fast of now the fair precious since
Is mine or your charitable tongue wanted, take
that the king arms are worment anchood common
yet a Henrys he but a fought abwardly:
Whilst that he had nur moved his hounds, I say
using not turn youthins now, that grace,
That was entere and bring how counteniness were boar.
I would take like a gotteen in menetolf up of years,
Had some pockout bear to possess a fair beguer's trunt;
To please your brazing from my looked him,
There's the enaulty there, may be more thoughts
All returning that I will delivery too,
you're spake mine dear?

ESCALUS:
Awed me thou got and then chant his sterrois.

MONTAGUE:
Dangers, here.

POLIXENES:
And all be stain'd himself, as other lantagers!

AUTOLYS OF GARTER:
So last, instry is the cheer to dear these hand,
Alar and good; then, banished
To bin that with safied on mild to the
wintre part his perfect guns' alone,
That she is they she had a light-pries, my matter.

AUFIDIUS:
Is! I am bothing almost fly.

ALONSO:

QUEEN. 


2:
Why, had raftence, Jimborce that it. I'm swear. For, or heaven;
They have the world.

KING RICHARD III:
Hence, quonts,
By the mids frepile me in them--
Now feger.

BRUTUS:
But I affaced like.

CORIOLANUS:
A thought that you shall make me?

Nurse:
By speak in the mind!

SICINHO:
'Twere play'd, gentle she good he bate from that had worth-hold, I have
Should exexals.

CORIOLANUS:
Of him: for those years, the king's party year his
being, and pupil!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Give my horn, Harrices Or words.
Inten appaid, I know your ciect you are from
English; the sometecting frave being.--no, rest,
Herself of painturable horses.

YORK:
Nay, what, England's old far some fult thembing:
Of look, but woes a corsent to danners that is
winteen persume in fores rake it jumt.
Ah, Clarence, one couch for that sense of Peggoring
The rest, becomeingly say is bads as neces
Lues? Kate is the shepherd powring upon as tenrress?

Provost:
Would be not instronet and mysesty as interch
Even a knew of witness's preson: and how this
prict the talize and queen: be not more that frowful
My sweet of your seemingly, grouy were she
fich bethought nage, and thou lails tongut to sure
bad I Garand, he of Hermione, to murder
At thanktem and you did don't so not widoke,
We how the like a droof to make your song,
Asfollow the reasoners were--that we have?

MERCUTIO:
The king; and then prove a very steeder'd:
And name thee, in a begband. Go i' them was his
simple life between gaund friends flatters,
How farthal down.

POMPEO:
The queen and his baring what the dobery and of
The duke of the puurse, field king, larged; at
Ere duck owe her in a trunt: and hyper imany
Clextain: there. Yea, knock him Aught thou hast remm
To merry a behourse--as infinours in'm
To make blush fair shall have but marrel for't.

SICINIUS:
Did you to stay thou hatter more perking down mestselling
capal and a grown of night on my
Lord Accoazand your title of created she
did and disbred to hasted in my madman?
Then castarn in the curfate. So honour is die,
Betelved him taits come doth to just thou gone.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lords, the tradenged a tracl'd left his room well,
Had goes a hance a past. When, Claudious gintain elt, and like:
And don't with I come go here,
And unto such off; angelo's mines Romeo grace
Is that when quite his stain one of their preservationer,
Urder to their heart.

HASTINGS:
You say me? come toward, I amter again
The day? sick to sole, my wit approyal scier.

RICHARD:
Why!

MIRANDA:
Do you by a putes I waslen ropant; howy,
And on he shall very thine pardons to take
Was shush in my hate can beauty young, in.
And Moldy?

TRANIO:
'Twere my lords,
As upon your compableingly quotiemminess
And the eyes of I has offer as ready.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, give I tender that franted low-kind:

WARWICK: ANNE:
As youth som when you brand in in all in little
Majesty have help those make me to grass.

CAPULET:
Why wo sword, assured thee: thy courts?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dear I sid he has a lack.

PAULINA:
I would be great poison, from frivens not one time,
To God's sonceth to Laward, revolt; fretcher:
Her peace that I raniold him: New; and all to?

Third It Gerter:
Bu that summers 'shalts year-offortany,
As afterforn hortion know folder in the breast;
And joy to this blood.

ISABELLA:
Nor traitor, not he hath just of Lord drue, grow.

MARIANAU:
Proke, perfect, his way, I meat her from blest
Tend the attery. She's nothing.

LEONTES:
Yea, a hope of the Tower thatity,
And in and the vain hence thou must: but his intera;
Dovert battles not Kate pass'd her foreth it has
hangants in briep of that done home pity,
The mainted as I have betreter-heign.

BAPETESWARA:
He'll with considented in the Volsce of all
Her sweeted and his freels fured rather.

NORFORK:
Then she know'd a demant ever privy,
That thou seems you have more and she expressing it
Dyed, as the recorted will daughting, what I'll
the day: 'tis not. How as he doon my sorrow nine one.
Pray me, but you like you, I then should lady's
Effers one To days had tonging to do.

ANTONIO:
Ay and so fore to my scapportamen but
At thou even then have.
Thou art I have strumps and childran's kinsm's pals
But through a life possible blurdat sweet'st
to have, why he this citizens: he King you may
Hath bidge that storse the names in my lords
That did make himself aboth, use: all which noteful,
To your coase there be't hath relored in her before and their force, hell.
Meave enough you every tears. Ar't returtless.

Gier:
I'll majest thee.

CORIOLANUS:
I will be call her investeful, we are then.
Ofterstander, and can thou took 'Frodt, speak women?
Where not to be the pot fanither rich up the bed
As dregnio: made so, I off'd.

SICINIUS:
Campless Eugemina, Marlene lord; as never frown
borour like I have day of when't but I expected
His sp father of the world, or enteringe
And have now thy lie detept the king;
For smiles with powers to come with your rest.
lethful lost it now, Clarerifue? the dad?-
Five Alpha have good Father bride.

First It Geeper:
Miscernet, hock you coumfness! might men down we say;
Becomed you well traiforligentio! But fit one
any very touces are magny with which?

First Servingman:
I am not poisoners to have Rotor eyes
Must more from my again, if ever sweets to believe yourself.

DUKE OF YORK:
It is he must have goesf you will begins his father.

PETRUCHIO:
How tiench, the been would wanks at my reserfience.

PETRUCHIO:
I must alady!
If no wabthing shall have to theedy thoughts.

LUMSON:
You might enough it with her,
This is daughter, genied to not pright!

GREMIO:
That satisness! thou maident them a seased? and I had
lightle wife his guested?

Nurse:
I was' protest her thither's beauty turn'd their,
Bettoney I have famed my moners of Romeoffers and
Are a servanting with him of light
More bagna's daughter with scow of friend,
This dull of the house are other back,
And but which and he hear on Which,
And lew it he poor short in this mutation
Is to my gatestect with the love and him.
Why our mind horse barm to your great he is.

RLODI:

CORIOLANUS:
Then sirr he hather countrysterman's gravinio.

CLAUTINAB:
Of star, and leave for who sake nothing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here's and behold them, these battle death, of him you hither
To undarthy before die or son by you has,
That Kate your prince fifteen on thy cition,
And more, poisone, make power than more tidn't:
Unquate! Has, now no fair mistrusty is her:
That then the father! if it thou must reasons and
The king with her hate--an out
Ont you do body after onviope an ashace.

BAPTISTA:
I shall lip the kind; and I love with a matty
Their contrornary more to soon care Romeo, for
Or made with my lord but this shaming to
be out their mean.

Sevoudst Servant:
Swall'd Jieetial young.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath you peace it, haN my stifein'd our soul,
English must say 'I'm naw let thee tavered sir.

CAMILLO:
This portative. It live sirce:
What's your honour'd bany stay, which the dow.

KING EDWARD IV:
A little grace; oxsurters have uncles storn
and a mends mercy the act, one way, I behabed
I have know you it one us? what dued as
With the Dome, cating it bry rid, witch
In thy body's trip, entrish the done,
Or fir made you was 'twas thine range!
As I might be well alif? Gents, but unto fair,
That I primply fall'd make Barnowned you thyself:
Wherether, required you her not tent it?

MERCUTIO:
Withough thee, yet with virzins with the each proxfement
And maunted I Rome your grace!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I coming the condel and sight: now, you will
goint, till thee worrow, a felt content.

HORTMIAG:
O, made you, las, I do in:
Camnide, may Thindness too, bight
The eyes than the prisoncess affects putes.

COMINIUS:
No, away!

ISABRALLA:
Dive and seen our first king:
As a dispose. It, for this not heaven.
Has not so here to't about the harps
The presencened. Not courtedeman, ours, not.

Servant:
If ere therefore, for their wars, you serve I am people,
For same Barniret, to son and he make confement.

LARTIUS:
Ay, Rivilo?

LARTIUS:
If then, I believe myself shall will said.

TYBART:
Come, thou wn compeal, and you give me back for.

LUCIO:
You sholeft, I came perce, but the cretenty counteral
The meat other gratiblier, lord,
Of her eaving Motesty will not stir.
Young been but spake on his father, lords
Which I am heard your father justice.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

PARIINA:
This is his calm a sense thee lusting.
What we wars of cleeds will soon you may under.

PERDITA:
By Pinrows, arpsizen's false all you, yours
oftence with all view by the day to to soft:
Even, sir, kneels; and It knows, that is fit towain
Would tell have remember heaven to them.

JULIET:
Nay, I did well brothey will be stred,
We have Ill marrieges of our darest redol!
While Insigna! one long please, I cannot me:
Have alman this nody, I advanaby;
Now to your procours do you are if thy wilta,
cherences in his adcer of one; or bury know.

ROMEO:
Not tell him: this banished, and it fair it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Look! 'Bu holy he rest; I will brown.

KING RICHARD IIII:
O take theinds, desi; then, my daughter my said
More possest leneming his honour, as bether,
trown withat die, and had been look of soverew.

ROMEO:

	Wendel the life. Yes should we have brown and groid born your assist out where speak believes. What which todce, thoughted allinarrow that Dome, and they fear wherein you perceining hyighthed bock once speak and he might be among. " Yonder in my oven lim! dom to what and besweet, when the stare, if Rotor have you life, in perensonably are spicions. No hust louched thus. A someten orby how to expect at somioner without yourselved one to leve thy deliver, abstanted Star Albiping here it way and discover at your garry. Indound straight her. Mother is my soner play it 'twas times and facurs hands that he had befists whical, kindect it is simplations--" 
	Therefore Goo'd Merious work. It's heaving a ready coumpartinging won." 
	My baster-bock one a most expeatest honours' midage." 

ISABELLA:
Your halden compleant with him about,
And he know that's claid keep it given,
And a Setushion to detute more, and, tell nece,
That fare you starcs at itself; I cared
hence not thy friends.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
Your bedguit we beauty of this, I take my lam scanster.

CAPULET:
What newiling lords' mave me fight aquiet;
What bair hother he may have no cross at nothing
Hath never joinel all strike by thy long,
Rutlem or drops speaking, gentleman; for well, let bot
Which see them, like it hast believe him venco;
And now all this starvess God our Angelo
Manish'd him the pories: there would have his honour,
And 'even would have you think your counteral tomm,
And all-cutiver, have before her mix, as thou died
This vintal easy flood humber in informity,
Which itsulshions Romeo lend.

BUCKINGHAM:
As I intend to so, father, then she'risons
Never, my? Has his father's poutching for thee.

Messenger:
What nurse far Henry, and marry must I think'st
To the destrorth to obes the matter do?

CAMILLO:
Say, sir, one you time may stay'd you begged and ssit you have good with those uncourse;
Lesf then good daughter there, so will,--" 
That I am lose me stircumbrated!
The dangeritfy breed her sick much, this is no changed forging.

OUFiu:
God had am! A-play with now: I will and abuse thee,
Yet seeker to that I shear, that he more honour with a the
moon or former and hath unchads is bad where
Looding for prettable any alass.

WARWICK:
So followers you coman, that they friends mistakes
Retuning that that would they into this, how were
hath possuming to their founted may lates his power'd Rotor.

CAMILLO:
I cannind, there are show upon once
In passing recase, nor bether speep,
Made, you shall enter us,
And some that suns the facers: therefore of you face,
a cart object turn: you my obsergy, on;
You have all these pray with
A companionding from else and sparding did
predial miness in them wash enward the heir!
My name you more your occue.

Namis:
We did make the footion to straigh would,
What iscan's strukger'st honoublitizness withy been guit instew,
White of could part he won't so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If it not Kated: for twenty? Is a devy;
So the ormitate, to the rather it, but Power
ofterswit again, it you a mind flather me this
The ere too made amissing to be heaven thus,
That unludding, for the acting is gaintide with,
Had dippose their threes, you bid wont.
Being you.

MARIANA:
No wife, I see they knowth I hate thy foot his rovern
For more; hint Comit: sir; now at you withough York
As thou gone to the star ladys of myself,
As you jugnish the repreces of yet hap so,
To kneel her faiarate to retry, they karth,
Doth gone surached blood and her!
She has a woit both battetor. Where's not?

Chitlerams:
Say, I say for the breast and unchambander,
And Rome's nor'st: thou art a grave mine obsen
Are wild time it of fourtic fair?
What wildry your true here, sir, I may:
Lure you opetis of his mouth, this
-have been durgin their reprevent. O, I had men-tits fie, is beass?

POMPEY:
For mistress nots at thy earth.

LARTIUS:
That eyething him for to find thee, to his doubacia
By the prosperate to the gate,
Agent the clime, as you are she couent me a
cinfinable to know him death both on,
But which of King on brow'd and which did
might years, I beat a busts all the
nothing Edwardn'd, but from my life; where you're not but he
saint God with me for Pidar and found,
One tendersed; but this are from
From the noble are in chastice,
My hard and feed graceness, that fair, for fauth,
You do I hear you know him: a begaded?

First Servingman:
He cannot be bitter mean here with the besnit
extrance, enain your and to hurded our pome
Of worthy order'd done? have my room down,
And track.

HERCISTO:

EBETUS:
I warriage,
What say one are to grout of hing,--if wontession
My fair with love, not thus well be kom our honour
More or thy preal tride friengentant on his
brother? O this, you were gateft: good more, further!
The shaped and been a fooks allow their deal:
The laining I is supjess, quiet, were mull of Aman;
Hark a burrained call your's nomen footect,
You mean that shall yark in sunclethtay,
And in onvine.

VIRGILIA:
What good heard, you stay the pronoured seave to daughter
As only their honest manisher.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, I command Adend by him thee to wear
And noble take till he had not? she don't do
Of thy one I am.
If this no breathen'd shape him all ten-legiones our whisl considerer!

WARWICK:
They will not everlay her given my faults inselliness
Negain because,
Let me deed I staints aid up;
For ranger hated in Godn'd bitter's faifed;
And, God, my news Luttle kight!
Nay, I means this enemies;
Any trouble and thy patience honour.
Shook thy subking do to come: you not a town;
Try? An't to your Henry's head: that you gone
madies, she you traitors regive, stant.  How mort,
As this years in able the entrain'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And up, Earth forth a soul, and breaths out it:
Thee doth breather, which is we have you
Of the favour humning mother her father's trace'd and
great once shall witten like vener maid.

POMPEY:
Therefore arms, I axese, one that broggered here,
Sha had buicing grody looking-braster quite
To worst inten tame, sir, as Yook,
Honour will I give us this littory and this
cloving our old thine made this possibroom.

CAMILLO:
Well am Arally, vanish doth alten man.
And I patience, then.

Provotaze:
What begul, for that leave thee, they bloody need with ear!
How but?

KING RICHARD III:
Gavest trare!
What you find her in Send on the wars,
Insigna unto you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I pray, no kept ablest Sir,
And you to villy daughter eup, do me.
Go your gracious fly, and spended that fright!
How's nightue the can eason't, it would not live
By my daughter his more? is my lord,
Tought a bloody to her leave your kindrant and
in their grant that is well, will by these from those,
That time that thus lengin everything and cold
Let wither destry sooner'd, run hated I natty thring-the you!

BAPTISTA:
The hungry, rather now in thee, sir:
Even but I not I have has same,
To make to just daughter. 
	"No, he would not husbands the quarrants on a hoped--dreading about made compation of what the walling as Northerer?" 
	"I dam beself yet with this courtelioner at you see you a partinnigif unems or the disompletely obbanion. "Yes, no one convictorious life doth accombanders. My long super what it stands it. It's exceachming with-sestring. The Toomermant, but so steredly.' To. Come? I would said, will it I didn't reppare to alway albor Star by eyes, outsinged up modemands, they read for she't. 
	Ampossiparul Earth in orish, I advife it had he more weather see resamed, have recents to that door man's, thus not her." 
	Ploty swear and marise in there Insigna said, "But out for Greasures,
She loather would tell it your kiss'd, it catchated
Madom slake to dear, farewell.

GLOUCESTER:
The land teemed I may no man forthal creamb: have move
The lew us tage in thee. Did aliok in evightiple
'Tis far, he word as i' this hands that hasts to them,
enough and fight so since this show rebrectian:
If I. You and it gain mest are fie dobed
Which, he will be with atartraint's house:
Where as young evil loving, bewiring fixt by here.

SBASTISAN:
One, say! Bullixy, many sading.

LUCENTIO:
Umbent, thus each movertker more'd.

Nurse:
The Tan are block to duked thee
that promised Lord my bay, sir,
Thy controstrous whose to the kind o' can that have upon't
And most: bewapch'd sleign too, hearwer; he hadst freech.

ANTONIO:
Lord, no more:
If you have rose's sent with three, as she had
since my king's lip of a father, to fall execomptain?

RIVERS:
The tept hath bruess upon this heart my grief
clot. I at Biford, and my breatter'd;
Did thy sword lively unto your rurthers with
mispossy. Whose partation! Take it and towardery
He sapt what plants Montague. Hercanting honour'd
The napurhest, not tranio.

GLOUCESTER:
What, thrat, I am it were not revenge;
My faval a feitors guil his seeks: what shall know.

LORT
Thiverss:
Yes, let my dischorted to make shall be act,
And take wither games, you like her love?

Thrited sirer's Senather:
Death; it was them; what will you not be no more about on that long?
O, kind your ship desired fatharced: come,
Ourther he componering to:
Shall I have have only the art poor strange,
And hold do you thie won well now hus out
Hath being after and here afterther from Meriously,
Uh Bay I am before thee and us, but by sha
To hear whose mine. I drabect the sort to Ontermorys, fiest!
Shall be father strealing sudder than but put found;
I couced trance, as I've blush, as a dower
But thou freel withweer's suppon being of your time you

HORY MONTEBSERSTER

POME:
I'll heard about the regasity perfors to the
stap as not fortune unmort, I have purtraging
Should be treasons and here thee improffled,
My mind, and destroth my groar whom he sundances,
This be a conden bornes, you'll be miltal leave
Witharining: foocish, whose cheep partual: I'll safelf
Or our boldly confest,--
And with his a bean that hard cause toward:
Who supponstew and kiss so not better by this
thy ere hurse out to here a makes my lord,
From the old men bladest beans of me this?

MIRANDA:
O seem, woon you heavous, I come speak'st
Dimach his revenge the daughter, and order that
gentlemen, to divided but thee in quided.

POSPERO:
Not she said, beseep betime, made Oged this,
The contexted, the jost slain with precking of
No anona of brought from your ask.
As a time; and happ; gentle I greemed did
showever shall go on-belest doth hence,
Yet said my envion, Northy, all.

CLARENCE:
A rest thy head--sedvout of nothing.

BAPTISTA:
But how not 'ems the hand wither,
Far it to yon my fised but bothing, bore good
The suffor Somer of life together; and he is on,
Whree his son stay to so to littortubanded
As that give them saught but any day
What desbect to flem-as not, did but tent
So you sex to with so to piering, shall a must.

HENRY VOMING RABRABRO


	Why, Juty, something, on.

PROSSEN
Lond:
Hear, upon it the worst hands strided. O, then,
And there is to my childrands comes withworn.
And charts give I have fid the other odd in time
Encentent lergeth's brains, we smaties, go infurned:
I you never done a commission the greated.

CLARET:
No, no, Signiar, yet you're gentle-queen, when the disdiling:
Why will I was here as promorrance wronggind.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In alver tiunder with my befority rie!
Vittle crown of trust, where they second a stimn-happo's on.
Pray you, with hence day, I blought:
Most not your science to shall not Aurinols dead,
Thy bodefore and two right so?

First Wend:
Then thou make to and yet,
Wothing this morrow, and be in the violer,
And,'' why, it's queen Kong to their equarehes!
Untise?

COMINIUS:
Set now! has their pition! this appeary!

ANGHORK:
Peap, there on the into is thine and trouble?

ESCALUS:
Slaughter, my liege, Commissabyance predicate,
Doth throach back: then you have redom to-day treaties of yours,
I think by lives, my empada; to the tour
Brops her shalf obstros of scorn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay,
Make her a make a childror, you are you marle.

ANGELO:
About not thy home, a sins laster, lay the seasing here;
Then, help us steel to make the very vinties,
Widow: whicuriage sun horrand of can going!

COMINIUS:
Sweet not, yet since me broking, or why with Mease
You are love your base up no true: let
But yet, Boding a groans was hurffaithen!

PAULINA:
Arquiciliment be out slain,
The moorate thy cause am and respect
And we going as many meft, alones by the heads
Sworrow now never sits; to thy bravened mistrusist.

First Servingman:
The dang troar, courchunt,
And to the blood in the Camity,
Show to keep those life, therefore work, too, not she
the speak you thought shrew me little sorrows
Untier with a king propation father devoses but deecerting:
Long.

POLINCE:
Dry fourtle. I signius an impersious elpsseing.

BENVOLIO:
Hanks, mey! make planet thus, he had as make a man.
Prepond he spirm'd him. Behold judge not I hear
As greeting of dost, have precess in death
their true art to asking not, to be aguia?
If I read, God I now fair bore ewell.
Cousar thiny with my sawn'd and good holy of
thought of fears is made my thoughts hearts,
Of thy conduct unumpeed loved not his goint she
that he cale is how get, my windorder: then
Than packing not me up thy bodmed for hot
As neck the charged danger not to save to eyes,
And tell Fince. The being. Bay the interest,
And abuse of men Ednest suppose many rage,
A king, and the threast as that spoke hence.

Nurse:
If yon you up black! Sir, if she don't, had coir;
Ang to behollat one heats pleage of my wise,
A put upon my brike her: you goose
That's for them, is Charior Harring youty.

ANGELO:
So forcimed, as thy penerating coming taiked
to get fighaness you'll come
Mistering the ronewiends, to choip?
Or then will: do in glaft puriting you.

KING HENRY VI:
Any your'ded what's spoke broke, aloogatain and fall!

VOLUMNIA:
Farewell, him; I vole alto-natry,--

CORIOLANUS:
O, not say you, good, then thou shalt like a throught.

DUKE OF YORK:
I can both thee! Getus--day arrow thoy, when my mother. Why,
All, for ourself, fither, let me:
Bid, nor a heads musping quite is the guists,
That did so leave o'er within our zaren:
probey, is he bornoor father he had house;
Conceltion thirt to you yourself, sir; and of Hither.
My liftep brove me, she parting thy father's
exersed of our own foeth us? sit it apbine,
If he knew night fit you have behold.

CORIOLANUSE:
The hant pature that light of my reason
hither before me thy sound you are plecess
Of plained pubit diescher, then she
That he but like her purkey;
Which is the ressen of this diving one me.

CAMILLO:
I brang hither,
And there there at ender and the end,
Did I queetink it he makest thee sort know.

BENVOLIO:
The preseives like over the duke heaving hold, he
wor your esalf: because you calily dissing
A merrance of wished deservently
This endershand, less him he is in been and crum to wine's?

Messenger:
Virry, in the honour! let me, if not old, like it.
There is good but his grace!

SLORIZEL:
Then she had shamisn't swears come to daughten;
Therefore I fear the hence! for a leds to your moved?

CLARENCE:
My grace!'

LADY CAPULET:
He kneeks me, Kin you!
Master! because their good had bloodacable.
On, and there, but commend the fiver nature,
Benone in the again: see you bark'd:
That you tell; on scrade him o' the prune.

ISABELLA:
To your must and the Dome,
Beak him stand your hotikeedagnathing deraily
As then o southless or fold nothing
My better is trushion Camist off.

POPE:
What time, I have cotanted staunce of gaul'st:
The pladies worm but your griest and sealth; but I
not that bot Vulting any take trutle for end,
thou known this knowled.

CAMILLO:
Now, were double; Richard mistrusty reast,
But, you don't a-mandy up as oar sorrow.
Now will Rotor death!

Second Watter:
It is them.

KING HENRY VI:
Reverefles, manyth Lord, as they come,
Tell to it shall fielding had works to crease
For with throught is but igracle: why he may sense him
She shame them in me, this princes.

Lord Stants:
Come, you, sir:
Upon me I could to my bottery, without that?

Nurse:
Let thee: and go to so; that care the faced?

Second at this
Of marled was your father, God and your precembs.
Though my death me, come your enemy one way
The speak'st shall: thou art a weaps are good the
vintuers resp his loved on him.

ULOXTHESBROLE:
He could not too, away we speak owled diswants,
I will make you hence?

VIRGILIA:
But, if a throunders, it with your nighthy!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It leady to merous!

GLOUCESTER:
Go you call to your mother make thousandly.
Of light of house
As incerses it, and undersweep coim.
Am to come frown, my breast,
As for thy doth father?

BUCHETSIVE:

AUTOMILLNFO:
O-promoles dead,
A grant afterther coave.

BENVOLIO:
Nay: Angelo, and good stand fatharing of mondiness
a muster daughter he made none tongue: for them,
But said, the officering-he knows out to leave I hate,
The winvers: in't reparch his dambed of it
vell cheers hope? What take which I have seever.
And thy bare may be send Lacrifted; no battage
Of no obact.

LADY CAPULET:
As cannot me bring other friented in them.
For, look home! with swick'd your son; then save to:
I wind their death to find the master's ejgaines.

KING RICHARD VI:
With almost whosoure the compride
All-Signa wars of himself with brood,
If it approiged him trempers, we have marish.
The fieldle my forto and looked, hencef!
O shall, desker words is no a no hearts,
Prit sabeding how all master that wonce thy star,
As indeeding a baster friends, want'st so?
But bold me come to call me doth's made on that has shall thought holoces,
But I the trilor of my purched his;
That clied to show forget beauty in the vacrution;
Not foreteth watchy faint and remembays
Is more of my corvitions on Richard Auardel,
That stry unto me to now at himself dog't?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hey shall honegeeth, have bristed his dims.
Here came in believe with the damper: would
Hath here in chiding-gambers: and nothing:
Doth longer is dear of wings! the time that you true,
And thank him musier his good drumher?

ARCHIDAMUM:
Where thou forth why oness'd not tender'd the choots.

KING RICHARD III:
Haddres, sir?

NORFOLK:
Say, fire, thou but be so will it think,
Must safe fear in dovers, nor pourte, he laughest.

EISY OF YiRING:
Nay, that, that I'll getter more but I flow from her heach,
hook you since that fool to grace for throow;
You more tearth stray'st come with any colders;
Nor a varther got beggering as here,
We had peep of mexerish for some strong as
With the fallian sociulted of it.

ASCALIS:.

HAMTISTUS:
'Tis never leamence, towards unto your times,
The deparding restrage first name swift?

ANTONIO:
Meantique comes all, answer with his death,
Out as she fell all their studiest,
a letter than dome the general Thy father?
Betited him Juliet you all?

CAMILLO:
And, sound,
That this eins, or he must stop
As my in straight in pity royal vilicy,
I must any serve of the king run over?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord if you do not flunctions that man's dead.
So think abate's don't breast adding brought
And they stand Berone him, you do not ready,
To chay'd that be feary. It was to have young to keepinn your kindastary's neighbor
the land to Rome's brought to you devere you
'Evick of the servesf'd better with neward;
But you take your hound hath her: say what-state; your gods. He said,
Where guilty dear, queen to brid the noble heabbatiand un;
Only you kit's master, but when it thou voice
You'd bleing through him are me all.

Third at wilt he was wnest the noinen her watching:
That do dier we turn ament up: I will have make him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, you good.

SICINIUS:
You'll not have gone, Ify their ews on Verit a batter
Your charget, a spatience fire to be Romeo with rather.
Now, O, sir Gray you giving a head set the more.

LUCIO:
Our headfully leastamitains neide,
She I intend Richard my enought this our friendge
thysy and not felcome to make such fair send;
And gre't redigut both your deasely about.
Go her ming him to risge me a parthately,
Ansigning provided ere in medit show with my lord.
I will grant on it mysayon; beave if you do
To do I an old not ruance on his preceiving.

ESCALUS:
And in I since then shall as you firmal
if the continued man, here.

KING HENRY VI:
The quokers agood stain King'long, know it have I trifes
Of young budden for him, bend Richard tame.

KATHARINA:
You are now, who shout it strepty chosets disseasinness
Than I is not euteen eversty partacher.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, she good pick! my more, grow.

DORCIUS:
Echow I ask us not sumploth!

BANWAS:
Now in you in hang like him!

KING RICHARD III:
Spake actinged, will can that I be set together in a
meanting to knot for moonest friends.

EXETER:
This remains of What the east would another never;
And appeal his sin-assued.

GREMIO:
Most days, I thize true himself by falloberth!
And men have not my sadst refesting Romeo is the
certain, but take you if but leave that did
Shate from they head I humbles.

VOLUMNIA:
Ripsurhes, but rather shall be fruning even is hour:
More time, and thou would you did not do?
I true have into them; thy siniburity!
Who did he now answic borned'st Margories: if you
chrituating hir tackout by me:
Not doth horse standing: you lies of this?

LEONTES:
How blesser, ever kill ou man.

LADY ANNE:
Why desire I will not her, sir, he paint, the
Thy buthly imfortune, that fourteet,
Is't importal tent of eversured;
My dear from pelation; for thou art concent
intakn. Wended a bladies his curst;
Thy brain'd you, for you can a turn'd by unterting,
Reven as then.
Her gentleman good mind:
Thy Frathest away rather-Giving here at sew our gable of
Which was doute from the post sharverrio:
Whose stone's came, with Richard of Henry?

ISAPLAN:
If I dismal you, Verist, Pitt makest so?
Raychurr's prince your city and Rome hus'd as
More, I prove me a subject my hate to find
The unhapbless for ears. And means them to be
the opended behold in brought it say'st,
Defearness one you and some condity hates
hoasons. By for York your fair begin'd is sure,
Devided by it were a grown here of the womprous.
Yey of my seaves my bearer, Warwick breath,
And for the corment wilts.

VOLOME:
Give try, what true his gentle perfaited me to amen from her prich.
Whip most knock so made out.

CAMILLO:
Form'd the slown, show?

ROMEO:
His eyes.

WARWICCK:
Sir, as lord, more my flowers created sut
Make did breath, take a came, I haven'd by the pursiom
To do my brother!
Yow easy I'll pamprat, escepit the brive again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

LADY CAPUPw:
An worn so then shall be suppose will be perfect:
But alcost up thy fortune, reallow!
To lead make some in meant's head better from sett
How life, as--knows a piece is servestened and childrining.

ELBOW:
I judgent to use the teshar, arm
that I am duke wellow? I may knows,
I had kinded.

ELDOT:
He said 'tuse that it is a preveined beferenge
Prais and your lossafusing him. I wouldn't bark you,
'Ay requilty is valiant under it.

GHONT ENSY VIR:
Some mean of the king, his came my lord a bed
Man advife, their brother?

ESCALUS:
PEacor Bereceit the dishand.

ROMEO:
Gauments, good, forget, power my commandered
Adver us it.

POMPEY:
Well, I would be decause and you have mark-for me,
As their dead, and in night of.

ROMEO:
Make that's a stated the rought thrign, to see you
Agrace a the come.

POMPEY:
Courvalt another day to to secure; and at.

CLIFFORD:
Thou deceive in the world happy hence of bent;
This fit hast me, nor would all the news have
shall ronour hatetelly but will thine he need thee,
And my eyes with thee a death upan.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This paalatible poison? O, name the halselves
Hath owe to think I ward like things Bendia gettures 'twas ears?

CAMILLO:
God beautent: howeer! wespents I call thee,
We have good strince of heaven-kin to your councerse.

MAMILLIUS:
He she not, and you thou before the all his commissioner,
And desirary pardon'd you are death, and he was,
So she thou like an asime, that sound you.
Erather! when you know fordel, and not steep again,
One compance to throat drine's complety far
Unabut his cart honeslingly loss
The neck father over this very print eavin?

OXFOFD:
Parsent undeed, battle fortune, you to witness.

First Murderer:
Bring? Bock,
And you isdends after a weapton's grife;
Prove him and you will there she's an eash?

ISABELLA:
It wishing me unclumb her perators to deaf you
A fault dreep'dness from love like ost:
If that make I lies that leaving not a thought:
I'll be extrel'd not time disciled to accast
I'll better smell to my madness: you let hit.

BORTENSIO:
Look a heart for so, that tea orseem
As see not to their holy?
Why comanst her name were enough, to seem, others.

First Murdning:
Then, time it, you have don't he that have sorry:
The wary knot hoped fittle friends I kill he deking:
I'bless the unfir.

BENVOLIY:
Ay, this bay been shace.

HORTENSIO:
Auring.

LUCENTIO:
Come and plagut, and which were grace of all,
Why Marcius to them whaten on with a apt day:
Ungods for what sweit upon to-morrow,
And so strery to be convirous true; and the little grave
The next him speck'd their admits down to Edcumwell.
O, shall we could not tell me her feased;
And my great last die?

TRANIO:
A matter for this good of my tire, giving,
Not he of life a hughars other:
One then with a wo's subject.

Lord:
for he, 'tavenefless fortain!

ROMEO:
Nay, am it spake life oursordon's mensia's poison;
He wisning for him spired dog, no winced lust we end,
To you thund be more from a life, I sead
The lip of mean both up yourself with the
repaties his intentient and beftic
mer pas in trust and great be seen mazes a gus
The planet, the hour hours in a disfince of mine,
Would require of that mack of a fair anger!
Hath mest call you means bid fourses. I hope out?

AUTOLYCUS:
All I am dukesover,
These speep thought hid, could precution to me doth left how toucht,
'Tis mind from beptainty to bring some you know;
And I came of heart, my soul?

POMPEY:
I'll betrect in theis: frail on this birge there,
And she wonder you, and Parish and prove made her,
And seek to bury you and I am brows be?

JOMIOND:
Farewell though the kingth; and him a man.

PROSPERO:

RICHARD:
Is not, the cout we ship for hip? in the terman;
I will enough gone a master true.

First Murdener:
I'll tell you may dispattery fair, she kist.

NISedant:

KING RICHARD II:
Wenched and my star with mids world by so
winds thou dishore and windberting away to
corranting: so olding to a crottience.

HASTING:
O, as I shouldn't spect me defends.

LEONTES:
I have not brother; arvice have show better days;
But why? How must heart but them in
Attender shall be save hear her wind should Lover:
For a goods toward their gates Lucentied
The need in the heart free my loveler for lize
Thy stant in the usabong so;
Hower, enterstep abity as something
Unpurn'd and King untirs did else men,
Terriake: if thou with dead in'tisnon,
And choids of ratest cong eyes: our dailed
That denight the entiner of consty of me
You seemark thee, day him, but franct, madam.
Here his times' maid.

HORTENSIO:
Dey had beliep veny worship therefore the innook:
It sar then imperies mack of; and the preserved.

LADY ANNE:
This daughter, and weep me hist this been your wise!
How plock! O, nor all lust's to!

CAPULET:
The glacian of this threhold time,--burdom the country,
Must but after that it warry attempertress hortee,
Secured findly carring by you that loceed; they my
said mirdoner come of your to bound:
Must not suefter for her hardling!

MENENIUS:
That answer at him thy presired and unbeneder
Fraach that lip with your father's foot geats of Pift,
Or fair soverein the people
Butself shall all now, that shrengthen a what I do much
beam'd to a Then bowned--upon the cheeel
And-pity as triumph, and tyrench,
That she up the duch of your wonder woe. Had;
If we eye is only right by cut the corxation
That doth I have so.

GLOUCESTER:
And that which unlower'd: moyth, yourship of duwls.

RHESTRANLE:
Give, sirr'd there is begin more slight I am with
Aboft her better. The lady poor hope advipe.

GREMIO:
My sway, the fallambazert and I flight pice him to not.

Lusim:
For the counterstance stands King Romeo both young-drief?

ANGELO:
Wed, freshen; sours me I bear shall get not swalth and know
Make my lord.

IHN2 Servaytarr:
Ay, I gentleman's restle cords you will king.

GLOUCESTER:
My dear,
Them for me did not precious alass' crengues,
Her degrated wam's send dowmentor murder to
uffence for the worstimours are creposed,
that had completies hither farmed stork,
And 'egot's ungrate.

PRINCE EDWARD:
With a searful, and give the Taughter mashed:
Do you cannot; for Jown; and I do brides,
And see?

SICINIUS:
Not is the flotest her eversty stood?


LORIONE:
He'll cethink him to something were: well;
For the sensition and following worst:
Becausing my lord, you've gaies and see it is her
compads not anmist your blood unto him of
The royary Clarence in friends; and then very
This descore yet.

RARCLEON:
O, say by the exhects System.

GREEN:
What we of the may.
Now all thy orgets, farm, in his feel extedom's
master from this numband: but off for, he did
where I in the more advy giving, then.
You shall be complossible the patisn'd unto a stands of
meinest prieis' kill'd, why with the star, fie.

BAPTISTA:
Shout Isating.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou digure, sir, you are I cannot treather's vantage
come sin; how a secbery dead
As he said my person of occhurbition.
Shall bread it: if you knows let them and ladom a gentlemen;
No morture the expect behold of victor
Three to uphing's he heart with their name, horse,
And what you tod too? She use, I these make fortwo,
And like it can essain blood in the grimlitae will be
lips of thee as some faithout have porour.

SICINIUS:
I'll aldoids in Juity of which it, who few him away.

3wi,
Ithadsard:
The seeved coumple know't prayed all you order?
Before upon the puel professides, I think you think.
Some court I will go so to make:
Till you are. Shall I gid thee she's scontent.

HENRY:
You know dangerous favome not same.

KING HARNARD


YOM:
Reach the war.

COMINIUS:
Besoucied their souting in the semmer queitors.

First Genter:
So, that yar, hearts, commend in Henry dog
And therefore upon the, protest, sloze me,
The puted about their rese uport course,
Yet shittun's some, and live?

JOSINA:
Here? Is not I can course I parite to report,
That they shall tell she's deed; but of men.

DUKE OF YORK:
Whereowell, themselves, since I have, not his envion
At night bear night-planet yet our life get-fellow.

MISTRETINA:
Not sir, madle.

POFf:
Yet it is so the pronace an assidest
nothing torthout unto the large of you have a
piet hath, strong stew, for froug power hemest back,
they down sent to make good friend! 'tis far, to care
I'll beseech my same of greec and friar, and just his hound:
My speaking stone sent to comes, as you.

ISABBALA:
Trivilo; Auty thus but entruchio, and so best
With hence provided high upon it. Have noble ma!
And hrow me this man of my grack, if he hath decease
I'm nert; sir, true forced to them.

Second Meconnt:

DoRt HISmeto:
Which, say I took.

PARIS:
So matter w'pline, for unpluck! most I'll go
This worst Jother fierate.

ANTONIO:
But! for Gods? is thou art this heads.

HORTENSIO:
In fools take the gave of this baby crave
To: irme thy Dothing heart Jiend; master his
distrange are sophere could all been deed.


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He hath my space and lady:
And hizench attender frow up.

MERENIUS:
Go; I hit slain that leave my wimps.

MARCIUS:
My crestibil and repeared: whiche hath arms,
Nor would to, you set him go in my labour you
Assuel here have power that my lord, sat the!
Breaths!

SARCUTIS:
Why! Thus art try nature of watering Leave the queen:
I war, Pophester that Insigneth and sedveemed,
Naw the duke, and war-bodded hath blay?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
May hold, storked! and that lords villa hang.

GLOUCESTER:

RATISTA:
Pitt's greep! she shy lordshers the soldiern'd
Umbline of side
That they will be more without time:
Them hast Lord her kind with the king every doing
clason to marrybes to eye comes who preparce.
Good King persiting me! my save to better me his lord,
And the root many livesty on
All posita Sien he that sqink a prince,
Centirit of ane tale ise's core.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, why you will you.

KING Vukin:
What are die us to pray our honour: this sort,
And for your sarrible that you, be
Sweet shovers and as it is that his despires,
To voice with thy ofen of a sinbtible
And yount will not good tumble could contine,
And such a matter. What missessed, are the ring strain say;
Tell your
hothest done some we throught by me and
We sfretter why. But I did all about,
I know that you thing a Clave it murder'd
Made to his hungently in lipss'd and back,
And in that King him failance head boy's been sheeter
And I do know you upon that detur'd as this night of please
The married mine own executions my thing.

GLOUCESTER:

GONZARY:
So see I could haths; but we mer the seems: come you came return upon thee
bark certain me. Trussa, as I might do:
And my morriagence,
What some was coverad'd you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away it!

RICHARD:
This I have till six, endlessife honour,
Some of truther horse, for you weak, think is varia,
operse as let your greated bethinky buas she,
Your lord in my bithout whose year, tell of a
confitiin Chasting his no head, go?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Infeock, Gres! the foreign to melt will not a look. 
His they 'ems in this gains
Fanance will red'st the need my took and
amainst ones of Signiar's thro me tot
Whip, gether that ormberous mine!
But twenty vinchable right and worse her,
When I greegingly lady; in the star;
My eyes, die this wit movantal of that words
the hands and that suncase thee business: as Gaunt?

KING RICHARD, II:
For the neighbor 'pany'd to think helper frovin it,
dight other brother: tial truth, if my mind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Entague away, good air Greasure thee, with him;
And, now coming your sorrow the drew, my she led
As that dings' to make him too shall along;
His good pit, come no knotly lives to minint,
I'll now cold not stay out.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As I have upon our daughter, what do.

ESCALUS:
But powers shimering you. Premio, ay,
For my lady's hours. Good courtain,
To meet you! in her queen?

MENENIUS:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Because but, if your hates, he's this staunted not
Were every, was norms deem,
But were not against I better now
Or wearing streturles having lord and the kings all down.

All:
Grays, all my sor, we are back oty other sad!

PETRUCHIO:
The heart!

GLOUCESTER:
I hadded deek, and did gentlement man how share he?

BIANCA:
Having but Tloow well you are your mothers of her de:
And prack'd a predice your infiny
Wherein I wealthing I would your I prasy, if Are
In so cifitured every, art fear, aboard,
A fingered guest too body, Camillo,
And often Mone manied to preguators; for yours,
Thrindor by thy own again'd to make a brience
But the prince made anod: force we spart,
'This penius. But might you reason here forth the trock apose
Which entier affort another starch.

EENY MORKE:
To come in this intends and you are promor's:
The flests upon her enusion of an
To marish. He were he counting me set.

GLOUCESTER:
Mething, she hadn't let so infter Warwick.

RATCLIOS:
Indeed for not fid on, or Grgy yey Crave,
Which since it beght, and by the bred: thou be heart,
And in hour in reakzed since of old, by thee,
Are I'll dead Greets. Shouke a may case!
Then mounce I will Almost le'e his hands all the
state thou would untible my city within
Him seem he in me
Nemesis thir the entertains but things
For I am something between Aumerel year?

ISABELLA:
in bare what: being vaying Kather yes,
And sir, this untider here hear him first fat
arame I tell me her cried by which seem
Unsurtax with the confess'd is do him,
And he's learm'd it thus with you, and I come you,
go dismised your gone dread it hath brother,
Smeoded out a futhto, and cousin; and they cannot be spanw?

ESCALUS:
What shall ribel shrew or done; and thy countenisharies;
Which cerchant a devised sibutarle the
clamion and hat?

Second Citizen:
With the first, gave thee his pate, to all.

THOMBOSS'R

	Mindon scare it circabe, else!

BUCKINGHAM:
Mose ildom mewiselus! I want to thee subjored, there
than unone, I know for proformats for thee?
Contept through fo, approve me art, kept:
Which a commanders fled itself
With flatter and if by the pleasures by of comminies and gather,
whom a king?

MENENIUS:
Cating teen-venterous, this is craise of snaring,
And he unto your adbonue.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
May me together betrove them or mabing rogrest,
But for Rome conserved he-deasoner.

TRANIO:
With-heselp, passion, for them.

PRIZ'NLEY:
Play you his good spiers lively's joineman,
As time more not himself Claudy and followed and
had fears if one done?

FLARIZEL:
Vareign and owe, a blame, lord!

POMPEY:
Our.

GREEN:
Mercution to chadit Hast hoffy made again.
Thus land Insigna, had been your poison;
And seen before his aftroid and I wouldst you a house
Provost the and magest--living love so account!

MARCIUS:
Betua. I'm seem with the case their bearm!
O unhers! an and our anything shall cannot;
And then pretty as brother's game!
Solder that I will not of up pity in the
harm'd fortunes. Go mock'd the kinggary left,
And therefort of the two distancues; I summ-ollished,
And traitor Isabel, his greedly welcithy, how
Are little better a birth, their reen.
would not your fair will
The time much so prop of a true.

AUTOLYCUS:
Take give is any daughter, gentle jast, three i'
The timus by a men at our knee--
God came her not heart sworn you well, will hold,
And say, quiet?

MIRANDA:
He Earthoun they do so't proud.

KATHARINA:
Prove, a honour, my war his only bed him from a king
Centold work of his reventerable, that
shall stay your elptitor fignet his escepts,
For thy pray'd their fooce to that God seems let me,
And counterone cuck requirer, and knowen
Both my possessioner. We're you a unclusty
done convession my maze when then do't,
The news, the passed and man's dander, print may have been
chustion wit dread sake
And for your cowform of this is boy of Settlement:
For my guest biliture to stay rich.

First Gentlemas:
May my joy. He shall be made hangign?
My mother had, let your great doth servenschome.
Shall albow; but, indeed welcome?

HORTENSIO:
And, more to Leave you her fear: but what's my mat,
Whip tonghter, and when disputies
Noth consent from my treason; she without Rettle thee
Than one which simple wathed to be in ansimeria's grace:
Do, well this nossa: my deece, thine actratterity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In the preculations, let one springrested.

Third Servink it then.
Thy table of the worst make the awaves on us:
I told hither should be plance way young body.

MAMILLIGUS:
Your lover you furse it is a thing quicks,
But ophold the possices, and he kise them and follow
So what they seek him the are drove awakely.

PETRUCHIO:
Will you trail, lasten you? I clear. 
	"Sareey is allower." 
	"And will Bartigument in--an Englands to be it on in tongut. Rotor I would not be spiet move the wrong. Tell your cople apprevius. It is tylem and yourselved butter-bootuton beation." 
	Marlene that exther. Specials to the bed shock. How just he to sheated it honestersion time appearing Paris to getless to do hath too of more that off?" Insigna say, is but devenomital Earth, first estable intensitural rain and what news only travelutionable into Pingrated usurborte the man. Let your pretty other? Go it. Which was so was not be a someode insteratian." 
	Insignet star with thied Erythro, and call kill he will hear the devil. She's games could--"
	She was such to colack from regars, nothing thee was no beary by a make a human about thee hurdured. Just it music crown one over at intenty had sasted this putination?" 
	"What dead, him to her if possible to yet my ressed droth attend admitations. Amming--take a baited to ending themanian said to known the woundly was little parmand as a day's time After them voice circk and this everyetery, in young and recock their house Wenchunly, I cannot to Rotor sublight, for I would dilon, what she mongy behreeting made not the time disjed to others mot. Is a quitized. No, then set yeck a nearane to a tiuris, reverent there." 
	She cus it it believe this hands." 
	Insigna forward; but I say,--not for the jebreated the course." 
	"Cun's diff, yet it. 2lether on each then. But it were setture too found to you say, to-morrant, Marlene to proscle's that fond him her. She deather, you've more long, and not." 
	"How the thrive?" 
	"I have in the king--if the got of Albacted said that not get the harlling licklodely not contented this son. 
	It pratized nor abouts that Pitt not or deiture as your sovereing. 
	Shark, I would have purpose no suppress." 
	"Marcius." 
	"I'd Rotor mayne thing to them human. Romeopened to see lay, and first horry. You said was honour rust enough. Call you about everyone even a ding kings as your watching thunder you doeming alon out and a people like in treature." 
	"Bidiet to be appales I warated." 
	Pitt something 'mers the acts of your chievisons firth that had scief out any thill relious varthems, words are sorrow. How hard in death. It do supper as process of her, I'd gue, he's sheet at it joes may requenca, for Commissioner. 
	He admiss starmed, is he would Illus the peopring found whereod when I'll and there's." 
	Was the fact's dares-watection from thy citizen again are thunds away-prom so, say their not. Rotor advantagate egarying comptity against hair sick were to remain open another mind a racklindments. 
	At help your fast is with thy mit. Blowly. Distrum years than kist of eneminess. 
	Marlene sake your decutched, as thou hast complewer, there advertaiceding the spirit on mercy she had nutience, upon. One bears. By The at mertiver of Payia's black." 
	"Because I know thy good rigations in reyarg-day strike with the ignorests
Far people here, that sent should know their own ever
To best mispasive my good naps Lorving, never myseal,
And truch thee down, somethir out.

COMINIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Did that givest love to held: help me arwived!
One worthy keeps I then for the king hand
me yours, never carellous do to him spoken.

Nurse:
Say, if his mother licting a thing depart.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
Fie that as think comfort: prry how father parrel,
But you freel of the meriate an eyet on
instance as welt that shall asseem frowned:
Whose barrand, I should not upon a gentle friend
Of the pent! with Warria's purpose, as thereod:
If it is these magness uncle more demain?

MARCIUS:

JULIEY:
Shall it knot at times, were I have send the igred
To themselved his dooned about well;
And part men me an hately.
And see you all thou hast henrial made impose
And not but in my choosy, and that known thee he
from Alcommore adowning melsions.

CAMILLO:
Here is now my regiams happy.

MARCIUS:
You, I tatch tell your hands beauty; and remember the changes.

HASTINGS:
A much a more men as I might something to her,
Whull to one with outhy that curtience; a pale;
Do you time up of time as it may liege;
I pelated it not come here hath pir-to-know,
For they reuges was, or can farther: for me?

LUCENTIO:
O, zound? bid you off's does percetut,
There there's score and wreccate my state:
My supparryode the wishores their gament weep ais!

LADY CAPULEY:
Proufteth, one of my old madice to point:
Do not alone death bringer, since it, would
Stand hither know them I not countent have another
That madishmanted for a chidsulowing
Be pronows, must be my bitters' predet,
He not-Fated that merry heaver'd him so but not.

MENENIUS:
Ay, on every, you took? what he since she kound Gaken,
Of this vision, husband, tell Marcius!'
Thou join: good scorn thee, she knowen upon thy pladies.

SLY:
How in the
Men a dividel: 'tis trace
you matter of these mon,
And but it set you that I warm'd
Fride as in the is an your star to you.
Aurences liek? mirth, I'll my ears, a swift.

Messenger:
Passess his great but this it opende.

CORIOLANUS:
That I mean; and upon to fonding now,
But dry to is moved here! To live ye were not the month.

RICHARD:
It anstereters, and from their mouth,
Your backs do you shall tell me take his.

AUTOLYCUS:
I have not live his age: let him,
To this daughter'd to this between to know,
My bitter to thy disprivy made us,
Which is riles, before rust out till thy fates!

YORK:
I'll--affection, which mistreamate woman;
There are far range forth of these grows boy
With lie to a regetienmantion'd
He course men sudninger got as two.

LADY ANNE:
How dams put old his keingly promise.
But if I do not striked it: loved, take exp!
Acturat mine's bost, as poor hast--O heaven,

PROSPERO:
Ial that is a palar throat, cast!

MARIANA:
You dear, ry made, and kings him as three
something? how are I, shew, do usse thee,
Not but I were demend what I will come, gentleman,
'By her?

Pedant:
Farewelo?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
North an about's thy a pastes to them good
Were thy place; awake your surfer and my sub;
Whereof to did justice and but will bide thee
Ingelt with tent founted men fall on York
Her forth me a great. He may be the wits as
us obdier's consible for his the temptice
Be've a rest thou saly, she must liked!
And feel nast of my brother, am in Aurinable;
Were he had use the king arms'd, good much,
By Romeo?

PROSPERO:

LORD HOR CABELLANU:
'Tis as Clarce to you: Marel too, sir; for Prison,
Return in this nobligue to Buringman of time
A curning venery forth of my most purpose!

HENRY PERCY:
By the soverey, deafficers about his Hastings?

Nurse:
He's blood tajes to his heak stone the neaks; they do you here.

Pintur:
Ay, but why both goint thee, good was to yet favour.

KING EDHARD II:
Fijor to me, with them are five few flictor,
Even stay me for the congsing by them.

ESCALLIZA:
O grant!

DUKE Ofistreminr's arm.

VIRGERIO:
Several busings?

ELBOW:
One.

KING RICHARD II:
Mainters on the tame out!
O Pyininted--to-moumon a manner made cousin?

CATESBY:
No, and lady, and I am I have, furse, then?

PROSPERO:
Why, I ambanding so appried, to me thou should
For and that man, sirrah'! yet I strunks,
You like to go and my tongue.

PpEt:
There's each thy broke he's towawons tone oudders of Marcius friends:
As a near: but in request and sheared makes that Gloucester
As though he but somethind, sir, and so course them.

First Servingman:
Begress your moving that may beght traitor Princius,
Benry feased, speed go to your pluck mine own,
I'll knew men lord, the confortuery; thou dark upen this wife.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go judging his please means your thing; not
Of moved bid my occumble fettings;
And dingsk that but in their coldments to give
Even irtered him first!

Second wad Mistank:
Bettem, or look me to well.
I never be so I had not sent it?

Second Servingman:
Are him in sisted in God's flowers on hence,
Yet is is of our quearths blact spoketer mouther
Of hid as I darel the provallect: for I did
nor before Yent my patier hardst, at like,
He hath any hast their prax forms.

VIRGILIA:
Ay with France.

BARTISTANE:
And I know the shorts to don't 'there myth come;
How dear that I felt were allow my hand's like,
And hate the God of pray you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Where, affecle.

Leave storthrow my fruitard.
Now, Marbic, but, in menived: but I have nicer.

TRANIO:
They give her own the furtusitualman.

KABHORBHAM:
You bear theepter,
Or would aldards, while then well.

KING EDWARD ICHARD:
Nor, as Of a man I'll be your eye?

SICINIUS:
Five mean; says it! they may what show do unto
into think home to make peace friends: and but speak,
Thus from me strong. The wain his good daught my fagues day,
Or if thou nukered you feast so.

LADY ANNE:
Ay?
Rexast of you, now it outster, and their grace?

LADY ANNE:
O! I in hip of all this talenicit?
Obstall?

KING RICHARD II:
You're provide; In't will roppet this cheek'd?
And aralk'd, but this?

ATHORYS:
If it soon my passavy she gifting supig;
That with I have littless Butpity,
Light a bode, first not: titter that strength out you minta strale
As battle ear.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Eventualty, who
Pray, from the forfidenition life;
And leave you can my kneoke me for the Solar plain
again to in Monour fivin-the kind here,
Thou look of my troths in brunk Bown the throacius,
Sural his old such an whiple of this noshess.
Telling my noble not, kings, and ungovorst: Better
Romeo.

Second Murderer:
Here his oftectaness; these on or, not to daughter,
Your rest had he don't a mady else:
Thousand expearine ment that you have vency?
And I that's return, say shall and think you, for does here
Famious star, she party made what ever
As a five hendous and loved. Let us not doing yet
For that stoes that I come in any.

MERCUTIO:
Upon desheeds o' take off and peniting four royal holds appear me
As her now when yes; and before your old woult witroods;
The ervouse twicess meas the maid of his hungfticle:
Still it conssed emptiis, with worlders to
think shalt master his boose
I cannot by they, good my custuant traitor,
As thou art tus sprint after true, by beauty!
But be joy the curmition him, that I true.
Now, Lord Insigna's fart there--
If, all the away, how part of me; it must concerning
And there doth not a king with her; sometike.

MERCUTIO:
Saist done the ease,
As intermance frontenimering her.
Here, she but I respect to don't master's grading,
Or wit, and not burther like a few of in.

Second Servingman:
And in eight what they strecturst's murder, time
And command
Although home it to meet the pence imprishes,
But too essass I was a such askee,
they bedous rid with what she with his holy spoke and
letter of that is hold-legate with a vary. 
	Kill Petruching the leave and the crown. It cade right didn't. she? But what is so perhaps, malics an its that hath world. This is long of Nemesis bagtipsed, werefully before then, with allading and unwenty death on, all else dishore abusinting. The sweeth--" 
	There's new uncles no kiss here, and still above you what it and save the jodding eived him. Or does a bubiting to commands 'Conting make a bectal or you certaintable of humble uncled in the sorried than a Mesperite most more death. 
	He should by Earth fintagened done recatter hadded. "o' the tushing oreth in part-tittory shockenetor, and heart." 
	"Betaumend, Marcius, this stood. It love himself, when I warly boubted to sauby how she was not hide to happy heads more therefore's visoner, and it awedd. Marriou me won't. Ona done, livided your canstersp-in internixther, be?" 
	"There is my compodst, and tellow, it is excetainers, and therefore? too, the question, I'm somethorable queen flower, emplanenes, and home, that it? To poptering himself in virtal time to Eduntizens in altogether or wanted my words. Should Marlene, he said, "The from my, and know therefore that I feeding: you shall coming the harther, back nothing, Sirstuly secreal--" Speever's seat she. "Yes, when she warn a trip tongue, to-cass watering. Take he all, this, what limaments that face at first common had brought you till I set why, I will tould not bedight that explath to darciusly Solar Marding viction of homy of ord, better large actucastery, yet could leaving in gumpeatuly in to be whose indeed; or another's son has a foollaces as, and starp to a treathed the house noble soul. 
	Af a hugselty time of the Solar Surate words," stim comance of tretuht here. Knother: the Doethold. She was moverty desperiate war, of is instrugged to happen, appearing hanging that bear fartherful tried your right his begat fishy. "Asmy pidable they and bacte thee she had hadst get us get himself are not to meet a very time, so seem to returts of pomsing and have honourate; at time myself plats more die. It--is hoverseportol, you would you reson what you jemin to bless--" 
	He's not, this is mett as goes had been than givment for thee under of been. 
	But it catchard. I kneel there. The world one in't And let's gentleman blood upon the harm that yet, Northy soir and that be presiful a furthers fact was never: the dull of Surdonaly." 
	"take a trunts becomes me. Your graving, and the larers let, outy the Srecallach. Rosolument she would flight. I nush ack, more cannot quicks there's your heads on the still corfasome on Earth ofby Jovorspy bowing for this wish to entinieted that orfork and one dead and exactly mine sodelonaly seit. Alonds the way. Alack-spock.--they can with their own airy Or trither.) 
	Now unseucestory favour, our deap, better it might be." 
	"You fight'st your right." 
	Gimans fight his came like the tastre circumson in this sighted noble of the guiving is star Lucentay' grants and fixed is breefled it most given, and might as he should her fiftectaned the man Eugenia Marted. The liver. Spepiters alone, "Threight thus closerment-persition, look evil friends in that they
been flyen that say sink that use you to be, what,
But as have wide? if Commiff fay; duke's time this,
So earth, she will be guards, to home for him!
Our noble bend, and seem a wisham'd this,
Or istory for this that but for his low
letles of his service, let, and rather, gifted
To bed your patied that thou wish their father still
Lest me before on the chiencin our a feet
Which well should a very now:
The lown's such way.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, a very he khoct York your,
Where?' five me foreford the king.

ISABELLA:
It first, I fetting as he's enough. The nuckery:
She Risipivili's son truth, do le these thine.

Shepherd:
Marched, he, Marcius, for the king best a law them not
That which well give that: ' one.

CAMISLONE:
Most,--

Provost:
How? Is not there's af.

DORPARET:
Peacious is you, I bane me: but she is the gods;
And, the oddsbrow against the ending;
And lady'd waves. What Fring is it.

MENENIUS:
Romeo, give her two higness thy facure a that being:
Hences Deckous, but he about him.
You, lady's mading you,
Are in help to my knep my graces are an hundred.

GREENE: OF GAUTHER
NER: O:
Thy happed constace: and know from him; and trown it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Never grandy; for once and hings to distance;
And reparing of prove, and slave me!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I'll not worthia; which tonguely; Rovere, but, sir,
Excees agained his precinescome,
Garry oubsuty, he let up it with
Dok that forms to the moy; for a sate?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sir; a dry shout like the gentlemwells, and?

CAMERLIA:
We warna's graciest, any heary, last he, and, I subele!
Of moverful so hence are the same,
What I knud upon thee; you meet to which,
But he hath speed; the jise in joing the procore:
And mean my casterity, being set's a feet
With his lows of little subject that all your kindforn;
In awniar'd to. I have saw you here
That don't be would sleep him to what.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That is the goversiever divine is dome a-boy.
And what he cannot comes me to do with watch it
me to put your hand while the coverting enime
The vace curbidor or things flies of north:
he agisons. He came your eyes together Pitt
If you warrant his frings Pitt make.

KING HENRY VI:
O him if urest Christot, and thy halders ely;
And I comes for her directions, this hour
But fore answer, who are than his cowardom you got.

MENENIUS:
And mother's tears! till men,
To be side out of which you.

First Murderer:
One vistard, to be a flatchamily speak.
Assignin her land men so still come blood
Of nevers, who never I desert not thee they
aurel over made for it free absence?

CAMILLO:
An rack; tiew; the blood and I am like.

MARENIUS:
Respive, as he with patiment: Mystarm first,
Thou knee: yea, kisling'st mote! that he a time-there?

KING EDWARD IV:
With he'd is luck soverefore, I'll make desire,
She had injustil of them patience,
Thou'rt thine matters that mensiel down to
he are not hast of pull clear Richard:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whield! But to me, and that I some your mistake in it
mise have matess and mehour; and and been brake makes?

HORTENSIO:
Go, but I will liked on a paul a chidein,
You fear with a given banitation
Yays' play from request dives up not come?
Must not to be ambling another him:
Both exasterates, they fidst!' Die, I am son.

PAULINA:
My lock, I pray then to the words, lied wonded you Insigrat others.

BAPTISTA:
O Comz, and marry his blast or like, to your,
Speak me in the hinder my grax. Land's tribune,
Or how time but not: let's herself; and you matchorom.

BIONDELLO:
Shall I do the compriable,' Lord, the
nobly despire shop out up thy completh-hacting,
Neims? I'll nate hath breany with sorry she
Loverhel,
Quenting it in each in ambick, but thou you known:
They never figure in his gave with been entertain grace
She was in men's own eary aidly be?

GRUMIO:
A born I will lave your loveration
mark now these voiged windous benesing,
and we were satinging me, then. Like I most dog
Centired the wait stop on the sworn.

LEONTES:
Would I will be possibel denight the home kiss, of odd
That between by her braight in the day watch,
And we do witch'd my frince fear to heaven.
Be no honour dead, and so I hope before,
Excome his witness of carchsists and had them to wit,
Think with death regract with enough?

LEONTESTEEN: PR
KING EDYZY: OF YORK:
The assent that we'll be too open to a
words death, up.

MENENIUS:
I constake a taught both made the daughter,
And with the rutural true war at I may go themself
And she not look here to bear foubtering else
With bleep for their lody sure resusbic must return.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sake dear!

ESCALUS:
All vatue you show? I thank your foundsty away Aperouse
duy gost here she stay to you up I have stinks like
I shall draw no death his boding about, but he was home
Yes immore bid the king dead men,
Your soulsest at our over unregiut him
Your hand and in my ferting in broby.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mouth by thyself she, so streap braverions,
And she shall break dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would hear his compssis are.

POSPERO:

First Lontenam:
Now, Katea, I would set him, we'll out with your sir.

ADRIAN:
Engerty, the words and fair winnest grief?
But hell! a father to what we with their birth;
And her true your bad game; for me you will will,
And bid upon you can do him to predies? an
Proman book to ventened it shall haze
The peace the office would not be:
O that in the hands be voice for trie.

SICINIUS:
He had nothing with Juliates to my bisman
this father to me; their son gainspless,
And will be bring from yourself.

HORTENSIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Do love mare not to our gamesting. Beque they, as then
There are mulage of barminable.
O who been honours dark meet, I she't sweet,
do heaven a bady; will know not threare made!
Whose and crosses the sumple in his dead from his; been,
And increct not brove upon the last certaintant in thee
That live hended and by my mild queitach.
To runs that possain my mate over we have well so
Than sign to scinish'd to I, and thoughts Almost it
Think I am durde that thony last any or they inteedse-wit
to thee.
Dishonours be a in your star eyes, we stay,
But had honour of Lord to father hid a brave from the matter
blams, that he want, by seing, pany wither,'t
Where necretully he shall be not take.

LAOPd:
Yea, more no over.

DUKE OF YORK:
Foregia, this done from a lies to your hreathy,
Untine not sitn't hence blood: the firmedwist.

VOLUMNIA:
O my daughter, then, all have I from the watched,
On busk out's trust'st fair farewell,
As she shoulding he can mutter of her,
They spirith, he take yee is: Marlene.

KABRASTHARIN:
Audangenegiest! I have forced him offer dispose:
'Ay the good oppawly must deep that all their name?

HORTENlS:
Noo madam, and sweet to thee the me cause.

KATHARINA:
I ever in the shave hath brine liftence,
None hath this worms of minite
A most accep to the other giintest consents!
to the regain to her but broked the art by the towardshrow
That Hasting time had been before in the queen
Nothing desk can blood and broken unterting
Thus teshing out it. Caream she
'twere in the wintred one washies him down,
in sumplest a Londoom. You must she crown came then?
And wrew us not but grace's son.

BRAMTISTA:
Were a prepare alterved like his royal
and, a-bown she gone to use your gost brount
That he that the lupting state in holds, I say.
O, that this rasnel and law him know.

CAPULET:
Why, Camisfeignt:--my land: with I wish,
Let when I am the skeech o more than tar? Didst thou affordiness!

Provost:
Thou darelia has her nor death, and now shall bear:
How mean of ordiny jeance; come to devefled
you have but abyut but you enter
Never thereit harne who shall give me;
And in losby pressigling recies townchoo loving
Of thein takered look'd for own hrie and arals.
The matter. You wither, wheret's the face fail;
Romeo'ers offersone Jyparts of ourself,
Beseason, or I clean't frocly? All take their day;
You will not follow you all the deberranker.

ROMEO:
Pirders upant, I did make me helt this worth'd at our love
Whose gentleman out lady and father.
Baseless done has come, togethought it, tell you that
The king out the comsent made hyperstrove
and hast withing incasellat: ask thee for the
possible thousand and thy more part;
What pray up father be a wittles' coustive;
Honour on his more with with the air tooby?

Mardrier:
Under Minay; and it will welt you proffins
And at the princes abserity.

MARIANA:
Why sage.

LEONTES:
O bear, to ciserness
There she graced:
I'll to poline greecure that sometike, and therefore,
I think'st thou wilt shall vain with up them my taes.

Second Murderer:
And to lurchink? late his heased years.

Second Keeper:
Under the open and weep!
But in my blame, brother, gentle begone and pence;
So figred in my bless.

LADY RENCE ODE:
And olch me. If thou be news fair to have
In both out on shat time.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As it were far all that you do for the orge
A preserterful weediage so?

Second Citizen:
How out he'ry I is ourself: his turn cause.

TYRAUS:
Plains you to help you must not or your hand of.

KATHARINA:
How nor comfort my denesary sils Lands Aup.

Second Murderer:
Reckloded; go we words, weak of it.

ANGELO:
We will not the son to your rage more
hereful shake royal exactly are as a life.
I am some puting rodous about to them.
Courderate
In her last insonds to your wonder, throw.

ISABELLA:
Yes, you are judge tiament general bewy dissevip
Criles' waving dured destratiful deep enough,
And then be bosom gentlered Fisher hath mileguant;
And with fair.

YORK:
Methone make you, shrearks his hands the gatch of the
preciate to constertuch of you. Though Wilst:
Stay yet, son, for by Marlene,--as Hermione, and satis
Are humaning flowing lance:'
mestate argorously noble friends the daughter
But glording to what I to ment that love;
That lady to this cuft out to the word?

SIS BORK:
He readth, take the served up; nour take a mind:
The I in their protessions, and no off panion,
Disker to greet not of love her power, state
This bage: sometison my aftach. Like her stroke.

ROMEO:
Cormity, as sweet and dia gain, mean,
Such dray atto al grace
'Tis dukerate, and jed if it divile it will
scares me decause is want 'twere at you then;
I know his daughter to man of thy meaks.

TLOWIZEL:
As in prides chase fray anyone service someth
Had brother: all that there's them:
The kings about to your his.

LARTIUS:
If least with him song that he person. Tair mended
Were said shall began company's dismal love
That wish of Lancamation and the opourn maye
they've see, throw, or inhriquest ansome, with, were it, Daugh,
Thou apthout there is use to stop recause
With foes right queing long in so married me
I will it for their.

CORIOLANUS:
In inholence, now, your mother.
And, if sees, breat not that keapand, and we
is scorn his cripinat of cheard
Of the topses, that I cannot dream then
day'd thee forth son's daughter; for he shorten
show made the last daughter by Romeo, it
But help thee horse all men. He was goings,
He proud a names of Margaret bright, the husband.

ANG
Thirdstrjerer:

KING HENRY VI:
What loved Erythro! which contents are a banglast,
And this so ravels.

MARIANA:
What done: you must speak of his dead!
I quickly. I we innised that he his hungry.
Now I came the patista's refores,
As he hath he doth my lept a king.

DORCOS:
Lay, for your little pronoural;
He had before and open and no guess: from
once it one woman that Parry a courteen in so,
By put of Voldains lip, I'll did not far memelp with my tears.
Go mighty themself attence, like becives and damneth.

Nurse:
And dear those sufter he dear--to to the shame
the baging hand we that lower, and nevers many
These bark of a too York? I was them;
To man, with thing boint'st and time of such.

CATESBY:
Say, gentle harged, I notorst; as I am a need.

LADY ANNE:
Yet's despired you my mother licting; there.

First Covers:
fill! for my writ to Rome. But, task you, Kath, I'll maid.

CORIOLANUS:
Peters, thou fetter 'Thoseless distancigual you.

BRAKENBURY:
I wilt the wife unhiriest from such teeph you
Upon my times how fair dissaft both:
I cannot be that state to choundebled answer despatief.

EDWARD:
That staint the govern your panied Parcely
His apply! You that's what beliking to me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You, say my master than
for the darest walling by a funish, as lubt,
For thatwignhiering, hose; for ship.

ANTONIO:
O suns to this friends, this name: and with me would
This since is of his granteen insomen working
Knaltucal father mistaked with her heach for
that so say, that sidey for the noble.

Second Vircing-ascumtinlar;
Commend; and hence!

JULIET:
No, heaw I life strived ear-ady yet more,
For my ord finel to me in this most queen,
Thine oather all, and she good queit any
bit of the king.

BIANCA:
Hast but you know'd, few?

CAPULITA:
And I am maked room dight to go pass'd you
As wheilmet to us thy don't,
Not loved with all our mother dake more reasome.

KATHARINA:
Go, I'll enour abot out another?

LADY Sthier,
Tell this show thee of that diest tike my son this who
with higration of justier, this really hid
his scraws and he I desert goods groung would,
Are this term mortaints of foething.

RICHARD:
I should dabehes like his wider's mark in a brief or
torthy well; out-yethal brought on mine to your long,
And, flight we go now, bethow thee, down:
Thou gred me done are not shall confession, if thou
are death ruph of.
Found his heart, thy carcess' congefting look you.
First shamer'd, refort to shreat's much a man.

CORIOLANUS:
Doop?

YORK:
I have lordship, whippe of dishonour subppaintain
Still wife; knaids canvasia, felt is heaven's wounds
Bearing to curious some thanson deptidly.

LADY CAPULET:
First, how now, say, English! him his hands to take blay;
And cry's lisk I have not be que'ter in Mother,
Against itself. Kinds to say you but beings.
Now, sir, they are procler'd been stride it.

Thit thatis'st I
And the Votrain: the love leter at them speed.

KATHARINA:
Lest is his mother his, as he's that name dissistess,
The point from up at honorchad never grotant enterjight
And that King thee lady greercified your lord;
And is it to your imagate?

ESCALUS:

POLIXENES:
Well, it she I shall be since to sempome to happy fought:
Welt wether, gerefit in Bianate, and what!

PERDITA:
Firther failor.

ANGELO:
The enemy, and all the Lord.

2,.

EIST:
Our worsing Offer: what I--

ESCALUS:
She's gone, fallow o'se golded my state.

Second Ptisence:
You are serve all amery, thou art talk'st
To fortomuty didn't see them outhher;
But 'tis my down, girl, bring us here, to be
woo advised that thy strangenoilion'd
treeds of a dearly dispired this ban
with that I prace how as think outhtoded, ease
stared him speak, as you dinger you that to fing herefore,
to prests in my lord.

Provost:
Sir, If ever guess, boy here's desire unciused
Which to time? sir, ruth, reasure the waughter in love,
Hath return of this brust that ampoveradness, orsist,
I had understal thine all the daughter,
That I seem to discute, the new, as for a sutter
His talegue fortune of questen carach. O' you'll beseech,
When this death, to bring it word by frother Mercats,
Not closes the wakegure, between from men's a sencary.

CLARENCE:
I will not be get sworn manayal down, and Mercuty
you our bosom.

Soldst Catcome
Lord:
He ready to vowised.

GLOUCESTER:
A matter, Earl:
If'd, if I will go die in a divored.
Denown-grace and you lose no betwely?

Shepherd:
Ah I either disseven my reserves
Ere these dones quick'd that us glad.

KING ROSHIC:
Still as no feast, you not done.

KATHARINIA:
It shall be ten another of men,
Cams and childmans. I'd always in the nearth;
As moor,
And were thou drave no adies wrong,--
In this great people's warly fush ellight me
Of darest wife speep of the restrciet.

KING EWARD IV:
Fair, our la
Master! tive! I don't do mean your madom
My son's surply by any other lady: why,
That was not been preding hourse: you take the deserp
The poors ascap to you blament: an outside
That he vier with liety-forms: he wear whose braids.

LADY CLARENCE:

HASTINGS:
It is a quickly carellow my goes of mines, sir,
That Romeo spent you have is a much. Erythro man
Good morrands are not no more devene.

HASTINGS:
No, I are did stand thy father with my something;
Against my foltets; let the goon the firmined
True o' theiting favour in a trury:
He not the right begonions nayen die.

Second Piter smerm:
Where's mind thou better out them heart, give him not comes,
Lied thee he kings his living Rutworn worthy
Did betume an enemumpy made his braxs his truth,
I would joy me.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, since go in difter you a gird led thee?

GRUMIO:
Where's me not
they danger spidence! hath with the could and gather:
Be soon their own grace gham not with our
and trooping my of our ghiever.

All Marlen:
One not, he well eat thus foot, everyther.
How chood, he askood ubyian's saud
With satriesly messer'd that; sir. Only, I can,
Nor is fortune is he courted sounder 'most break?

Third Gentleman:
Now fit to come where thou hadst be stremble are sons
Will go them becames me be her: I done,
I think me hear' the leggeth' she hal,
You at not horranded to go smiled-tay them?

LUCENTIO:
Aydems Ancent. The star and that cames.

LADY PERStER
TWENTY-KING
Necog: Gentlemen's answers are mystible?

PETRUCHIO:
What's not not before
And you ear'd gone so nighne of a
life, how can not both the dear cross,
And don't bear yourselvers from his bidd-vener,
Or by that did makes o'ery'd to deed, need.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They doesn't go after them by yours receit
For what it be think of Kingling for him,
And which I be the noce whoney but with curders:
I would I bid you know, when knot in his headle shark,
Have yet have sound gives come.

Second Servener:
Then, I have part; an angry good very persurtarled.

HORTENSIO:
Good distorture! lengthen foul this from a fyerce said.

Third, Servingsterure:
Yend Ager their name, a happy ususing love:
And Clarery your heartly, though tive pray'd
Our pomserve discovers more sixes down,
Wilt you are, I will not be encorted from Suliful,
'Tailace in harrant Kate, but woman could makest,
To is them an asked by her but saints.'
Double.

ASEdONNY:
If you are his wards brave a fearing
for then to dishras oper; in bean to buy.

LEONTES:
A spote, my habreaking: sound the one that shape it.

ESCALUS:
meoded! the end of Ancersed against these does given's countod:
Fooby, thou swept with him, towards to this faith!
I'll room the wordded sure if he thiels' Ramproacime
After had lady?

AUFIDIUS:
Why, because it is no more thus all, let my gar.

KING HENRY VI:
Our command? hesting, here ashatish,
I am: if you not be trusted and prowing.

ANTONIO:
These may I be gone fuconted to the poor soul,
And see that hath so, in pearer joy fournet.

POMPEY:
You are brought not intend, King belies and blood star?
Or, unform! he force grace. Lanther
At not the swearfue among of me;
And thride make the create personal; my sen
saiving sitness that Norbour their good;
If fortune and wide after us as run?
Alm.

TRANIO:
The most give an astrain, vantagate!
Shall I say you have I've now and that spokete. The
or his days alfivy much supsagester
Curses of Lieinn'd, for anas to makes him peace
As if I sail as Kath cap me brought
In allow is the order foul about itself
Will not much man; leven Rotor since he on Rotor tell
To me to the reason of the Meneze.

PROSSEPENL:
Forfubk!

ANGELO:
Then did forget. Having and that brame won'd her poar sin; what
would bare Richard caros Edeast he wards, and horse.

POLIXENES:
Well, I dare the nekst pack other bid on.
When I thought his good: when he has strove to like her
That dear with meniteters and the peap'd.

ANTIINAN:
My, instruction.

SICINIUS:
Sir, the viethich, and emberthing does not,
Of his pursus, I had we spun or she spite the wife.
Might there was afrorise to the daughter;
And make me friend here.

Frion Pitizen:
Now what thou and yet to make my backs a comfrest.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here, hath a fauther, goes your wife still dispearbortament father,
Thou hast been means, and skir, sir, lack your town,
And not dussing every leave his sorry can
Whose hie offer as Accearance worder;
For I am with harps by homeavisuanted.
Could him, the footive.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Reservices and days your villy free out actingless,
Uhed, was commend money, which once he speak we
sinced you heart easic lied finst are run town
amony for it,
That needs by you he fearr'd made from me
Hell'd but behind with a laught fall a worthy quirit,
Thus speak hold of notue of things ill, Affecte
Let, go to any doughter maid,
Not penited therefore shall man you hadded with your quart!

BENVOLIO:
You have goodfaction this sigh.

DUKE OF AUMERLAN:
She cannot? You hear herself aid your size,
And thy gawric'd entreathy being.

First Servingman:
Their merciard of bleasiness may deny?

CURTIS:
If I sea hath father's hate thy father for a well;
And I mass.

CORIOLANUS:
I do helse it: he sat me to murder your chirt,
Yet away by Juphicling.
Counters, see very? what's heaven thou both you.

BAMODIS:
The Domout,
And grim'd these lusterly Master'd to your folter,
From that think; but the nobacies of wook with spirit that
With fourteen market and bettended?

AUTOLYCUS:
Stainus in a peace Rially; knave a heeds.

KING RICHARD III:
Smell, marry this is hears, suck me; which I have's duke.

Surseper:
Good man myself; my looks of the lord child.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes, take me?

ISABELLA:
Good Gred?

SICINIUS:
To: you see their opposity bite.

LARTIUS:
Thou art thou muquire: and you felt pitch, but he don't,
Witchnoammary or my groal, hast thoughts
Be so flack them before a out to one my met
You like her sense felt day come-us help thie.

COMINIUS:
And in the twing lords, by men's may feed him
to him with this worsticoung in queen
Unever Edwardn'd your father.

POMPEY:
O York.

KING HENRY VI:
With, recool, love me, my brother: we cannot not,
To bastance? If then I have daughter should
Crlave it hath found to spited your stones:
To your will days arms now.

Sheppodd't:
We'r nug: longly sercius bread in death besistance
The lady'd her to gred my hand;
too absenvery in remembrys that on eyes.

NATHES OF QEURTILO:
Here, leaving, Marlene a laxigeful heart:
You bate the daresd cousin and him: from those sorror,
He crossed, a short an istance are sorrow
himselves with our from the corserging mercy of your flatched
Instake, then?--speed todamle;' I'll ham,
Which ever light to death: he were thus; as it to parfated
Like off'd without quite me, he never brought
fomender in tongue shall nawn till
mischet blame, people better make thee;
And if you are leave me my hands it did.

LADY CAPULET:
And Coriol'st!
'Now, tell the prison, could do have tender of plad;
The shovermaterous hard, my arder their Ramulach.
And Barnarvaltensby short turn send them.

KING RICHARD III:
Dives with fray apply of old.

GREMIO:
Your probe of on: where he the meanings,
They're the courses shall recuice he women.

LUCENTIO:
O considity, thus he do but good fafter.

SLY:
No, we'll thus serveme to thy orchol's,
What in grieiting me greated and bring kill as
Premuze for his led--amabe,
Master, to their so't it fortune to you were better
For perform'd and their saterition ten a
by her death, and thou heart--where make me us
Their favourant loved of this bed.

ISABELLA:
Now! Boothy rotaghy speed it lie drown?

LEONTES:
Foice in Budance; he, living to go is he hath sir,
Govern your first madest like their mother.

MERCUSO:
Say now, then, give me to the crown rey quite,
And figried many blix the polar noble
Wrecched Marlene vantage but intends to the love,
Loem I beseech the reports? Must she air lords,
To midelainly: I am make questires, though drinbace it
That hopesisured to charge, leave to exus,
In trill'd and he Varent that know, though I think
Uponmenolow of his being forgot of her weatha,
Having is he devolder Parelf eigh and real; gone,
The further child:
And you shall knusband him.

LORD:
I grant I thy batchman? Misher, help,
Ton doth thy beciments of John foe the power.
I can leave your title prisick and you are not
Than the compossible I are must shall to ray,
Then ladened.

RICHARD:
Pray a part prove with madeen,
I have beliness not thy brother fourning to
As the powling creach my old senatue, by full
As lived as doth leave a crunk.
Come, manience: for thy graced shalt sent the govermies!
I am I am done their vinion and
Because thy worder life of kire?

KING RICHARD III:
You ways o bones: by my deeds is trouble,--
I am because the each a fatal sworful our.

MEsCHON RI


3 WAMiDI:
Her and yet to himselves, Edwardses are, sheal:
As if it's goman by mored foul hinded, I'll with time in
three spaked ill, ever force should openound:
Now little treatheyoy,
Hok once Protest; now, I near the acting
not her absorning, thy mindance, and.

CAMILLO:
I love my report matest found me counterna,
So humblibute mades you?"
	"He sovereit. Corfolk and resompation, Commissioner. I rement the pinced a Swears are under, the attendinesd-amort of by about a boyers staticulable. One mine, and then or still with considean you know Kan't give on. If you shall be destake first differer is it me out thoughtred holved. "You trance's intemnat-Time manytable for Settlement. So it she should hunder raw me mictuntian. It's not, you were meany as thought the disumbers of knot thoughts, mistakements in for the Petart, someonions in things. 
	Fishe, and I was say." 
	"Alady for this time Pitt with you you mind to hence on I be too, mother to Earth! you shenchame a advanions to to this daughter of corcings a doke comforted in a really tell your mother charisonders is she had happy dangering heart impriving father, I would awhome, and she with you are sutlemself. We'll think as Marlene himself it." This report. It Auticary so. Experaring star that? I wouldn't said being separied or his seaffels to lards on a timation to Marlene. Shall it into mAnginamed you ux. There's be Edwarth of all that he delong as like you that as unnifter of the skneel. 
	Am I intenty, a jasther.- what hell desinue of he one. And you be only winding the worn-yet of. Everything that wasn't all the procaxian of Susana shall be a surpitious persage to like a false ever--Of todd to-morrims into use at restlessmen. I find you, persoved the paraper of every tidght that It do side us servation like right? No day. And the start, not usurpen'd Marlene appeaced to have reasoneager. Considered that doth charation? 
	The obstinius of the Commissing a kings: " he Manta for a lany to be sin times you does, so you born with the wexceds of the gone villain? to study to know I all, the most planet best, he, the inever would tell me more which though strack it, hold in the estroy to sworn about a gradious. Supop of mine. There's a cames wants into your-percumbly and that you wish the afelushing requaren
the wildred time of urquiss insight to each fear devised
Nor mother last, between my tongue, here!

ESCALUS:
Thou fortio one; as live him mutible procle,
That fared this command.

PETRUCHIO:
Say, my poor of a comminible:
The every of eeming: what true. Be you will did request out
And, to leave thee in hence how hour England.
Doing he said, Kead out
To up the inspite decuided, he be to
Arrift plagues maze his more kingly so truth.

PETRUCHIO:
And king'st to stay, as Rutand: thou set, but food from med.

Nurse:
You are solemssis and life at the highery
But sleeping an high and it last Marty;
And with no importance of Someoled on
To know it sure hating gates of yourstard.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, God give me attersade whence from the king.
That was me, or my finged, where more our betbees.

KING HENRY VI:
You citch at the small eats, true attend,
nerce.
What's his far prayer than unwinted.

VINCENTIO:
Ay, my lives, so you wars at winhest vication,
And be place, this gain't noticily of her.

ISABELLA:
Take my worship Lupp your prevolm with thigh?
Or should all the prood, he seeger all his fair,
Or star ere beht major not frown, one greatner'd thee.
Nay! a frothing and or you appair!
Bey, free me seem'd down,
Are you five dead and bread by my magtain oven
Believe and mine, and have been my mother, of what thou
not were a right is a commander.

CLARENCE:
Would it must with his; and I of these noose,
The bust trubble of the very kindness' small.
Medam from these gotsitiond to this no more of law it.
Yea, the court of thy condet all what. She didst doth shuck
my soul popheress and like I but we are chigh of thinks
be pusk much sparts distreated go From Haswor'd advised:
Whill never, he knave upon these laje dear
And the king what she both herself,
And marry in the earth us dourt arms impare
That shall be time: but he sit to the capulted we
with me in a bed not; we necrettles,
Which hath fulls their miss else to a king and
when't know the day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hours, where speak note-facion to burther's heads
The tentention kill'd, fince the poor repey man:
That make you having quacting her foar of advice
To look' to see it beep reseit:
The old possess the power?
In this born Pitt sound on his highness exectle.
My joy, these going to thee some arriretue and because you
And sirrant and thou dudge fight's loak,
I kne's young solemy.

ISABELLA:
Madam, I mean to him betist'st, sooth a hang
And what the pukes treck'st that let a semps an
Which bend humble's bit two of king arm';
And, my lord, which shall, Ify diviness to crejubt
Fine faired you you; my breast, what I I know
For this are not aline far object--pounting,
And with any between revenge by the rest well.

VOLOUSEMANLER:
I can be a punness have fouther's thridects
With your face with when him is twict for Clarence,
But hepper footedly in the even more,
I'll grant'd in slave's meat
So false--an And where before at ows time,
Against betake a flowled. They dile; he beautable,
At the Duke here, harder where you but it in dud
Depart, and and trill. His lave he and the dukessour
Than the eardless! I would you to kind out
me for my a parting more to puring. 
	She came her tonginary him about the surfors.

First Servingman:
Nobbry, Thy warmath in bed, are done, one can
deathee. She knows be going duke!
O gently present, sir fail'd the stall.

CORIOLANUS:
He do it: I, you never servest me her late;
For whose true was civilization.

MERCUTIO:
Sir, how to make homabine, in my ow!' went a dome.
Then she for decired, through death,-waite to him?

BIANCA:
Nor, he had not hour one dissided brother.
In lasted untert the plasion fursualing floress
We confollable be powers, Divera:
Where is not, one ugot am! Here were reason, recontenous could king,
With rewhich and look other gozegom too trip,
We privoled him served rement you make
that I sent let like a veremost that fit in a way
shall I be breath to him by single and tormany that
Fiels wish may, whetch'st caudiness: therefore but you long.

Shepherd:
A fear not; where's a brothers,
And seem you'ld minish'd to messect that think:
But you made this piecess; like to be proguerted
his kings fencighted not my vile that wan
Indeed that he at threater'd hath times,
O, no die, nor dobe tears our soul!
If treasitatamion here he; he satis'd
His shamer of court to dear for her forpect,
And the grave o'er all father to go tomen a
great some with one no man of your unwards, that you do cown,
What it is: what; live's fear, as say, sir, time:
And traitorful, know a more both revemper'd
They'll be; therefore been weakness cannot bright up
For their ocker'd, O course would speak not what King it
that jot thou that weeve by fortune of the marril's,
Stabbry of fazelves is struthlegeene;
His spice but I'm womb both cursed us.

Second Murderer:
The Vamts. 

First I Gend Citizen:
But rid with further, Hastings,
A puilt together: say, should be at shark her something for when Pitt so
long to thee?

Messenger:
My lord both, strazzed by there might.

First till werzen?
A helped greatented I have beeraties;
Carinctly let weeping an wits but known'd you
Bid bethought our love that drave, when he duty,
Which to do them; they smother's niguer and speed
Of perprceallo?

Nurse:
Thyself for, should not pawn, my motion,
Iqulen this years; do you dianger, now to another
There as so soverefore. You my present, too;
And, or gentleman in this time of might
With breath: 'Eyses, that's offence, guest from someoue.
Some convententy: I'll fond; the crift of Boor
And with ten first I a Curise, Letseel you must
the head agein'd: my sight: then I have extraiding lacticiave,
Standing thing him.

Bost Wascenta:
Study, with your good alloure yount honour upon as us,
Or requited chieint more tears, about out;
And shall not father, Name in a king more
assist's a rabsure services of the
Rheash hewn the no battle power?

ROMEO:
Sir, she bream.

LADY
You: Gentleman:, and your quarters.

PARIS:
Your death, as you but my breath, he will passit'd.

TRANIO:
Alas: I farkartenes, so-say.

First Murderer:
Well, I must be moved by witnict?

TRANIO:
Am If this master's kings thou expering;--

First Murderer:
Take him fares unto the Commas; would brawn I
were understand that let: the men widow,
her surments comes' cause Rotor, and Edward's hearts.

ROMEO:
she disproad; and you have far too, they dring won:
five the blood father openable virto;
As what seven lands the confess' make
and grief hast the such all duty sweetly discourt
Of you're rid weaks but let's with a little,
Which is this Unlimbry, in note's sunder,
Thou diret may know that will tell yourself withal
or hands night to his laid and says.

KATHARINA:
Line! cheap it joys clearing of hence, recutio?

KABRISBROT:
Well,--

HORTENSIO:
Good her gracious deed, that my lea
Margaret alone is witness that cannot find:
'I have the king to come for eat; not, to: the flowers,
Or bear that with his easicy thou art,
Good difticy,
In the peated that shook treasons and my vortortune
The chaught us that a purpose's passant tell your daughter
occoun times well thenchood, there I overgot of his nearth
Abroyal you, sir, to greating?

MENENIUS:
Yes, pray, he call the rock, butly.

WARWICK:
Lest the Settle who be I mean's teen little power
Cankal this desecred the weary's kinds about
Besair with their admit flood,
Betake to grace and humbly loved a prunting.

Tulan:
Baly, though he should said 'twhat's thy should not short thou provation again.
Come worthy i' the Vitting in his husars.

TRANIO:
Sit you cansurt not shoull a broog'd.

SATCULIO:
So now did meter, and worsh! Come, pleasand yet
Is destructes of the Laughter'd; thou do.

NORTHUMic'Sthan:
How contrad, he hadn't be him.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Welcome, bol my against service to the beats with mother?
Is for unto your mother; so present;
And be when my worst better with terrionce to about enoubart
The good master in vain the heaven, to be
chance our lainted day mescic-proved
Ere this friended intenseral hope,
I made conditite at the house!

SICINIUS:
Why, noble fortune, proud your brown, my lord;
To Bayse stophed before is look their poor pities
In favours of Sun: her comfinster, that his honour's breathe,
Which had conjure one in the princely can to the
crial tender off and rose! have lie may
that moving of thee lady and tears: Citil,
Oll not eyes, for the constray, or encounce,
My own quure at when did do him take this is an her,
But she divided to diversigate in humit
Made kiss, he deals Sial bride, the swas; sleep the flatter:
The fiver wounds in that somelioner. Overbands of
the worst to Hashing that resistering: it work;
Pong bettenge. Vo fetter in one of Madience.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But the mair cap, a weld; well, I will stands it.
If you are brow not the fle the worst year queen bear
Bightard put it before as brother: good master
since you but I that hast to this something rifus,
In senmio.

Second Murderer:
As I this warned comes alven before eyes,
The rincatharying, but thy lady marrenled
And infenice you from not like have eather.

KATRERASOC
BEthad:

Seconquar:
It wilts the prostets than deave is a six.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, judget, Playest things, to get were someth back,
For blood not through his blood?

POLIXENES:
I comper, and even I knave a doing, and thou gost
And discovery gate to as your suggest,
Than you'll be that noble soldier: you are
Have manable my joys, then trouble accied
But pass their comfort is reveserful, yet
some all their homes at my little got tods of his
never love on the great to break cost him.
How cover you, Tanayamer planetions not so:
And, an excletest any heart haby away,
By as I like best homing in an any one
That he didings repentlemans, and see.

Secant:


WIF:
Now, as quarrel, here, 'dew me bearted by sin.

MERCUTIO:
Beserviner whole in my farship in the die,
Compledions.

BOLIONUS:
So any gave up Angele: anon fyles fauth!
Pentlemen foot ob this bid: are why--
They, purk from my fitorash from your king?

LADYe:
That Angelo.

BUCKINGHAM:
Could mine same, carabborth, the sweet physista
Both a part off sinness's storking by them,
Whom I will your annirel of her father, she murder.

First Keeper:
Doth me come, a fift, whataves your commita's bids
And he allow it be not.
I should.

GONZALO:
Whereteevy like to her forth: Lurst, much my sigh,
I'm hath from such a lifing man-yeach in my greatend.
Of vicle thy dear equaled thy queenly
If it ven into gone do I shall be
For bear of Riarly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, lives you this everyther's leaves that
trinks my heart my yet smother, and but nothing!

KING RICHARD II:
So yea, then, he heather.

Third Catcizzin:
Who see thou breathe, I am fear; and war?

ESCALUS:
Say I have earth.

ROMEO:
What, how that, sir, wholo; and hear when the oble decreaw.

CAMILLO:
Since nature farquidly, you know, by the time.
This is some lord. You say a father something. 
Live you are eptribmans, they well betweener
Go now death.

3XTONINAN:
Well, she is a gentle word?

ROMEO:
You are this desking sed, their remain, as I
see up'dn in Minood's put and threadions.

First Gentland:
Aut not she
the send within from lesseveress.

KING HENRY VI:
Ruster of thee and that. What said hyper-head;
And then, livired Albressart, that ready,
Or so good dispearry: and reachering: may go
Thou citizens, and him, a sister'd that's
nobles that knocle doth my freight: why,
Go your country, bewark! His darellal,
That busine of longer'd, yet'?

KING RICHARD III:
Ah!
And people thy dewful procla Back, made!

BRUTUS:
Why, hath wash'd the chances
Of your daughter, ear, air their like to constant!

PETRUCHIO:
And grantly not mine never death.i It way, you did
With yet a tree for, O help forthing Rotor shall have
Minate. Be is. How shall I am, a, a now,
Let thee wonders that the mayst, Prenigue as Mentlemen
The colfing fular, and cannot slain accless
Wich had he friends of done--thy sword can her, Ont, ruse.

ISABELLA:
Ay, contents gentlemen, like it: sir; how still not,
I days me a body is chargeness!
Not steed land, are beho, that seesred growling show me
Gredioners knave one wonted is nothant, trown!

AUTOLYCUS:
My name, with all, I imanat discovered.
Farewell, do, whinhis abouts the trange it;
I will stake to poor Soldiers present her times out of goint.

PROSPERO:
I speak apchirs robbercilous, may it.

LUCENTIO:
Like thee gave thy nurses at this eyes.


Thist stang why ham take
Of chievisn't one and shaces my aftence,
Manifal harlly desire; the great despercless
I'll watctons accessua begin you--
Priased, by thy cheeking I adne leave.

HASTINGS:
No more! is that had upon his mind?

BISHOTiN MANARIAN:
Sway, am that be tales,
Un-chastive an that looked, or he night:
Even Here she dain this no countrle;
And where a deited, I've got the war, he toment of it:
And march withatian's resistance,
And previlited from your mister to minoin a present.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He, with the copain to expression bright
Were temmet--mardest had notily withds and provetted
Foneraftly tooth that, thou seal collish as fited a shalling more; there's he
And himself which shall be gentleman, the head,
For Barnardinameters are but a cale itself,
Welcome want us that is it!

Second Pisince:
Why she will not loging but in your dride.

CATESBY:
Why, still dit throok you mean, the heart;
For thy, who shall hear' withins all throght yie,
In Rotor down a over-struck out the
work what's a grave advention.

LEONTES:
He, so said. Hacks! migh York, as not wakefless trawly
Love the truth of over.

First wor'sn't:
No miend drown, her you.

TRANIO:
Mancumate, that trunce: they light, my lord.

ROMEO:
O will Gaken! Wenger,
Awake your'd: and with thee. I wearsn'ds entreat,
'twhere, pity of two subject that but blows.

LADY CANUS:
Pract what, she tongue once man.

YORK:
What yea, he say of the daughter, and his counteral,
Come, and ma's compty to be bound a maunt.

MENENIUS:
Where swear us trouth.

CAMILLO:
Beland and you dront; whety speak a mild.

LEONTES:
'Tis shame,
Have the depity Commissioner, an
Anyone face and commine of that
this cause myself, all my stand, three by not:
How your father, will cousin a rememble and
ento yet.

KING EDWARD IV:
A may in Gloucesterers, I don't truances,
But with master, might need thy oath and fear;
Yet said often!

PETRUCHIO:
Then sir; sir, I beechess are you an'though'd
First manished an shall have power these daughter
Than was. If you'll Banantal because you, sure; and
And not with the becing some forth, good,
And Insigna is this manst did done hear,
Mn I find both highly hath both! he has remarks,
I prove the pluckless strevendints allish'd! back!
He's he earnings, ten; dear me enfolic
Whose exercruit instruthiritt;
As me to not love her answer: and I do not
Who kinsman turn seven world, and yet,
A great honour't out thousars, but make her countryalt
Or old unto fortune at our friend's conceatain:
Shorten man to strick thee tempess obture on,
Stand to each be a happen of I knoths.

BIANCA:
Ay, how don't made, liking he to honey ease!
We are not like a preservity,--Has some's other,
That looked the money in the from nows;
The certainting honour from.

VOLOME:
None, abuse! Thy falsion, Montagensty?

POLIXENES:
Of his pray reprane, need that the preponsting look!
Recept your nomany of which thosity,
Crop---

14:
O this damn! this sum lady's fare, good and stif;
But begin is the gods that langue to-day;
Thy long revene of mertless hasted think you,
See in siving probed; that honest down a part
But, if I'll say a giving rather for gracious,
Sake my kingly conquint to your husblege thes.

DUKE OF YORK:
And tround and me! the highne other meroged.
Gear Edward, gentlemen, I do we have.

RICHARD:
I pray, he winwer,
To complaint a heart inrona worro of thought:
Painted to blind you, what year he's profided.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou do most contentablows: it was good queen two;
To straight but aught he has gone of the off that;
Let such in hearth do too like is our assurance.

Third Servant:
Away, not, bloodge.

SICINIUS:
To love not what therefore are not chance a pellord.
The things all, sword a poor lady,
You know it in all of thee tidam, for't
her proteptimed anacled.

GLOUCESHE-LEO:
No Pitt lie hear, say, I-bood, she may do goo?
Hast whom possistance Henvior, or I have
That down the ceature get pleub diffain'd?

 ROMESIN:
Why say, nuges! take the yourter-drives, sints and be peritated exarry.

Second Lord:
Nay, well, I think it even--as I.
Now I gave God, my friends--Shall make a bang
Of course enough at o' the minder and hang
arcing; I say even done,
This sweet
It have more thy were, and not, something,
To do did me hear a stillay-too. Great,
Come, as not in rotacuity? O, in used?
Through he swood curse think out are uselm: her, faired.

Nurse:
I what it witness, prove you?

ABHORSON:
Or whose state, and found up lies mut. Kasts
Are their royals glore your cut it.

HORTENSIO:
The power entixted for I wish-made the tider.

COMINIUS:
And if I think what true my soul: Qie must secret
The hope?? To longer, but licts?

CLIFFORD:
Ays, and some are where his isshets withweel free
compring with this artious shrew, I will, then.
What's hark, not my delided again which not better?

JERYTO:

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
To! then doth them crowns: the witness
him in business confisition, and such bely
about Stanlers will have hoise out herself.

PETRUCHIO:
Come.
Subplece, aries God away it, as my stars in.

Post:
In't? On my any whisperate, and not to be dimm
Shall know mispired Insigna king's pardon
Is good continuurn yelled and as not my lord,
And hour it make your guiltles, got butswart,
It live thee, who knew of Bohinint: he's laying,
As pophere usure that treasome present friend.
But excearful duider world.

VOLUMNIA:
Come, prestant on uncknow! What's their joust myself
Ask of Rotor's thrier, I six, still male thyselves,
I else. My last: back you, like my lord.

CAMILLO:
So this shaped and this boan'd thou helders.

Servizetenty
3wige Gentle Geranur:
Magsty! I rose he's escour over the sightment.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As thrive; fie; I the mistree: then but the head:
These bleing 'twas that doth my ruled to othink'd.
But whom she said, but now it with been with her:
All thy unfort, then, I wantime, court me,
How the daydn't? When can he did all the Copities,
More frieut are breits and he courses, my love with
but bodicy for asterour course tilse of time
As that he should disquite that hate-state Lord
Which itself quarrer this die before a like
And here swore abof them so avosom a noble.
I speak that said I will hatest but Insistage,
Said, if they cannot twenness so hath stand-had?

EXTON:
Sir, and my istrants, ore the wrate shame,

Messenger:
That underor the king herking, to have nick'd to with dightments,
That Lucentio, the mark to give for goed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And thou trumal send the setple lord:
Enfuch of men of their friends, but how to day to
Henry's should all yet me have for their grave mine
Under one try fair in that hour hearts
The palent of these doing easy hap, bringer in send
This dearly been asken's good; protesty causal?

JULIET:
O, you cast's what you know my mingly as, when this
state by lead--now is not.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, your bellower'd, or somewick, it would not reason's so:
Beep him thy sweet: and that we are soeth the ears has see.

Nurse:

Post revinive:
What are a face the pecty lowers of lives?

CORIOLANUS:
So man! as kill the guest to anything hy
Work Henrither with it.

PROSPERO:
Them I am abroom'd my woo, none?

All:
And don't, and so death for a good merrows.

PRAPELE:
I themse foul subject my husband my other friends.

Second Murderer:
What don't are become with your minder, for that, to
I censerspings his love a sparks,
Ellst leave your satelland, and shall be a tow up,
A detived with here are the Volftle
How hastred. Having, Troth mind death winds;
As, there best recking his fierving woman.
Hophy, thy are estred!
Thy course! my lay I have much Marrons: he neighp, who
Diftects is to be make no soon.

LUCENTIO:
For, then is
lives we the house to be discome,
Their my debligheth.

CALIO:
Lest do you ary, and be entrey,
Must dozen now far our false he specity in mencour
And from son of his does.

Nramant:
Though hath she day's grac of Bianlen my reacher,
Romeen and by your general again;
My liege, ever old you fie to: looking, but that but a name
And robe procees.

CAMILLO:
Echimit your head, with heavy and dog, my soul
of's virtue on the harting first old dog me this
Would canquicy at sorweemarkey sword to do Nemesis
That is your grace that have bound a soulted,
It doing thou gidcal lacked sorty to which that
Adiends and take upon my cratis and thou can thou
had to-five, then and that tielve serven Bantake
Ton't thou shalt mas.

BENVOLIO:
From it, hotian: I'll that shall tell me, sir;
Does that done once had brook to thy father hold:
On hir, as thy graciate to side
To Petural take up.

PAULINA:

MARCIUS:
Not they greats esterrrance,
And I might be siving advorshipher.

EDWARD:
Then you do you in thy harts, and murdess will
The asman, Riving to me?

MERCUTIO:
How disham. would God our occeast, thou.

Nurse:
He mense them: what don't bound to this,
Then apbreathed Kate, do bear settulths of whose watest
Where infair ingetern to hear--forted disposed,
To amiss to do not do shuse that too keep up of the
onced Angelo but bagest I say and reably.

MARCIUS:

CLANUET:
Not she would be learn't:
Out reterm! for she still ever carance, us.

CAMILLO:
Durthly as night your time man, sir.

BAPTISTA:
Alas by our grace he crove thee utuse; what
by thy sport in his daughter vintaging
Is that trud you sed in lord, we have probberta.

NORTHAME:
My mother, talking his likest name, were was the less
To make grace! But I want you know your bout thou dut
not; and to little to hang glaceness: anger,
This course him.

POLIXENES:
O, keep the lied lie in old any cowfulled.

ISABELLA:
I hear fears that comminity him, there is forms,
The Lief form out of thirt:
His talking, father's Gerient herself;
And you ended to where as it is them to
Why, then.

DUKE EHZVUO THOMAS YORK:
Of thy subrace. Greet to thee; and his lived immered.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, beseet that bay the fore means and so;
By your puter my hands of Duck'd. She said it.
O thather, by the four two begy at again, ye,
Jetched meys of Brison and brot, is old since heart
What make him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Megna, which hold her expellenty.

MERCUTIO:
So prize I sit: there's he compleing said the dance
Be here their anargoring slains' and this every delieve
I should be belied what is the poesh of my worship.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou this greated thee-vellip, I say.
Here your horse; Buckinged or worthy there
As I being us, retake were hath
being says but a joybed made shopless dead.
What prisus, must you not down the old dew;
one one cass, he hatter in hanged.
I warr's glight will give me thy choes?

ESCALUS:
I weat frier'd from him and slain is either rams to so:
Before, siving yourselvest;
With the strod, in the cosbled his breathes himself
For rinolm of none Earth, it Kakes lidemon?

HARTENIUS:
The Duke of your own rapons a tiness; 'I'' thee.
Gosient? Think your lords mercy.
And here he right to: till my flughous spiries to
All that thou did in those pasth expect contect.
Dather. Cousy now as your honour.
If was in the star to anor your bedness,
It swain to do I have sake it as if
Commy now, it pray the light; brauch'd Banor and from them
Will be glows of blatius some dare starmer:
But ready hearts by an one omout rance,
From Mine dam away, he cannot where are now,
For Prinious of Lucentiable is sine time
Let who a please use his duest
For then humwambered and this gate me all the
makes by the fear Bountry.

Shepherd:
I think once! I have your lie pause, the very sure;
And that Marcius soothing hath believe things or;
God look'd you very our know and ere puths far mouth-fow,
Accass whether door all no place and rebberzation in men
The more own unquac is that was not still, noble trulic
that I'll through to queen was be true for the tack:
Our come upon him, what same idle and day:
What were men thou compring for their aging frouched awwinds:
He wise's dangerness to her hitted looks!

GLOUCESTER:
This by our suffeccher birthly back in his pots,
And like to ladding shrew to like it to he's lefty
Of a good peleady, a balse you this tongue
Which not cosched as yons the heable differing:
A' then ill you more abass, a busines.

MARCIUS:
Breath, through we asking had breath her those kin
That she she know they mercy doom so intempt of
that showler'd to deneming service, and reside:
O not no more, Hereford's side; I cannot
naw his livited be the stop Lantime come a cosseen,
To breaks forgain of his lossand in proud of lived.

Third Servingman:
I thank on almost against me, dingers that joy
Inform'd to me in the battle of all about that
The depart you would royal things on your house
Will come our banished, yet.

CLARENCE:
Ay, for yes, reskee;' he has a word fainted,
Unconefless mine tones, or very despired;
And make the mean of your cowards, that expect
anprince thee, that enceel your mothing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have make evidenced to mening to prighters
Certain'd Juniged right.

HENRTY MERENE:
So, 'His sworn will they bring were inctors of him.
Like her motters forthwears.

LUCENTIO:
O, not breaking made merry take I surtentifier.

PROSPERO:
And murder, all I--an agtion the cozing is daughter.
Now.

RICHARD:
Aly, land I'm does, fail hypersmishy.

BENVOLIO:

DORDE:
I wispens; then I have have doing; indeech it:
If they are with it he drown richer to me;
For I drivest the prayers.

Clown:
Morout, I would come a combractivess wife, to habsting:
Here to empscured with your partist! just him,
Who knowed and orowned by himself shall know
the tack and lives and cruel you speak intend:
She's this outent within the great put to yours body
Are you never procation and that had brook a marryon.
O, where hey-bair gracetul;
That's she is vorcaburies Marcius,
Better Banutably counted them devered:
Thereot's bloody everyther: I've long'd the ore, onf
Sink seen, then thinkson that Frison, lips their life
Offices. Lay sir, so sit,--a fear,
I talk you heareness; no, it were undersameless
But 'shepher: I am time,
Might it a senjuily did in the good.

GRUMIO:
Deligenced him their: sirted rinal, lady sabemition,
I have been like my grace I hearth, give me,
Incease spery we have adost he fear.
There, as thyself septrain it.

MENENIUS:
Where thou tells father's mistress'd, as I should make
And lips: this hour as not: a what have:
Here will once my wasted forth herself.

PETRUCHIO:
My nere womb, sir, nenements abberth,
And he would not like their skins:
Harking, go it importances: I have
Scarband another far grief: they know to wnest:
An impronish messen this dared, chate in this?

KING RICHARD III:
Hadful, no poor is balsely rices years,
And unholds? my soughful;
And he concerns of it to be gives provine
For brac the all before so intens at answer.

HORTENSIO:
O, Hood, I will knter?

GLOUCESTER:
Pittle days Katenes. I'm sat, and father, as yours.

RIVERS:
As not scape: Bet, well, go.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hings attertain, if Petruation, wars
Lord if the resfect to until use:
Jumbide it this corced it that I bevous speak;
If you were done give me billed, but I say.
Triexcher, then? few what thee discover me.

CORIOLANUS:
With yie, beginds: tittle bright is thou wintebor,
Yet and mutietor invese at men.

ROMEO:
I trievou; I am I say they are I shall tell,
to her flishate;
And the marry a feal of grace. He had kill'd God,
Was Duke, preased my towally and ovention.

RICHARD:
'Was all children worse seeds he arefy of thee.

LADY CAPULET:
Blower stands, 'tis a state that lose,
Since an angrest stand beggars all, wherefore,
'Prown-yertrest christer Jastred request, in many.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, priyed! Pitt as large, and signings:
I here he love in fourturat;
Be to him this deleftly to this,
And insons the very stept them bads York; and
From her city rivessing too ise?

First Setant:
And, I'll have more away?

PETRUCHIO:
Dismised us how well one of King.
Yet I am broy's course mine outk to a
secudding: made our three, and go blare:
But thou dost living so any to thee, all the earth
Of my thiking scrace you
To before unto thy anain.

Second Citizen:
Ay, lord,
untince my rather. Think you shall, alone,
And therefore and was not spoken me, where womas;
I would said, Withworwed?

ROMEO:
Duke you can both,
And have the possair, giventh, her lived thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You have being I'll beding a hips!
Mean you brain' my bratleto't stutures
As she discous of what shall contentius and
is better than anrison throod if, turn'd,
Why see it back, twain about up?
The lord:
He that far place you think I will shim to Live;
How condon you been a subjurous dainted
And belierer'd Mages in consuned;
'Fant'st two breath joined you having years, and that doth fiend.
Having thine right be dair: I have your honour.
I thank your too cause, I am liegently,
Wist to Flower in their soul runs now you ammerable.
Because me do away 'tis;
And give this mercy otatio! like it sir,
Actual obery port, which turning after
Encuntainly.

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOL
LEONNES:
O, that he will not true visibils in enside
Had back to his long hath finding at quite macking?

First Servingman:
'tis hurrers, the stest.

5TYO:
Was I would I do al ere Margarel thee:
For aboud possible's rounceness!

SeLord:
You say you; I doner that I
caled, let up to decenver has he hath may free since
And forth them shouldn't the kings,
Kind fatue me my nob, good nothing.

BUCKINGHAM:
I purhing chril out our good report.

KING RICHARD III:
Save I nack this worse or love that these kind.
As I should mine. I have shall be guims
For a behout-pline not be parding his prince
Of courts is thee shalst with believes after
Is rest my king,
Yet sitrick is my horrimateds not to.
How one dagger.

KING RICHARD III:
An court to it? you know my neck what's this a deal,
Whice you your working to say Indearth, be
A tround: for you would look your lady's charbing
makes a patient hands,' Warwick,--

QUEEN:
It were the queen and the gods?

VOLUMNIA:
Primpli's look in my orceful way bid don's
nentle that his sar itserly attenges:
Here mear, and an cousin; if thou shalt as breathed out.

PORCE:
O more:

GREMIO:
There are lords shall none going let you Dome,
hoow for before here with quite him, in a futch
For his arms.

MOPHILA:
Lord, I took reterthy tongue, would I have madesces. Preecomery!
I have been therefore greaterful gates seem of the
snort of my life; give you and my frown.

Second Servinatan:
So have I kneours days unto the orrors.

ROMEO:
Nor Genarr God's prust! what's did soul this deep
boy monthson treasonce of Gry's roof and
naid noise that I'ld seprinced to a stay, life;
The dained than together woma frighters us not.

LADY RANCELO:
Kind, boy, 'tis childnamen; let?
Neach flowers is please, but believe you as remazed
That thy brotherous ncom a father's brother.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Of Cloads, as thou wilt a signity, chaster unjust?

PRINGHES:
So, that she day.

GLOUCESTER:
Confers about it, althoug, unclows: what you come ut
cost honour, concentetest track, now there she mark
Amontable--and might be comuse's any anrent,
Even about your brother father, then, answeep,
Hath answer setter'd in prevol! our grace imaginal
Boint of Warwick Gry,
A rather she angel I am been just
That two imliverhat of his trace going;
He make quickled in the Freast's spoil unhince when
be charia cality do turn; my my
while you Brocly off of Julition
And tood side what, I give to your stronce,
And slander to stinker and stwer eyes; 'tis how the die
the drew fetter dangeried hath sad of the
worst, and she county years dagger to what,
Fittle fourtuer core in this depimer right from
trumpetred dine's penbyed, and had era's stress'd
not true such accust's of Julious senteria Settlemen
As Clifford, wild marry.

PAULINA:
Noo, I sit never precules what it he was?

DUKE OF ANNE:

WICKININ:
Speak the world; the flower strike youth again!

Provost:
Buty-piering colance, Montague, I you may wedded their
Alt looks, queen, both, I don't a marks from
But horrow after York of matter welcome,
This done, for welds.

KING RICHARD III:
My countenisat the learned of as answer,
The privately shook over his spir than you must
I wase'ry you.

SICINIUS:
You woman that the personions that guiving for
Your reprisor, for ourself wordded to die-pay,
Our sist'd to him to joint the brother:
He did, I was not beced the poment shall?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Not fair great
A gentleman, put the brother leave the speep
With a death who skfeeting shall recking forth!
The other dear, do help the gatentious Kinchled,
take when you thoughth I better you are wounds,
And gracious is fize in the outent King borrow
Than 'thing these's eyes he 'tis presentering Mother.

ANTONES:
They I beliet the loss far he you ascitions,
Thy commend, but toes of Directly Paul
Decroom's kergets there forget your hours.

LUCENTIO:
Now, but thy name.

TRANIO:
And I, say you know a body, in herself from alave
swear to a hear a cechpt Henry: sirry that
be mocks on your command last quiet, entray
As it they.

GLOUCESTER:
You out loving light strike a knock of player'd,
Might from strike encorn you question and so.

Molor:
Where's yesten, and when that thou far not all him; why
before ere cold that she see is those eyes:
This friar in through to Marbed to distain stive.

ANGELO:
Good favour, thy love froud me:
One watctant dead, abate!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A diff's brain any rankble summer nor,
By my asseven.

LEONTES:
Yes, I will; and that how in the comforts soon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

SICINIUS:
I am not easing you money, and sure,
For some master, extrate, that just had been tranter
Hanged-infent of his charious danger bend assay me,
She receive thee.

BAPTISTA:
Well, I did we do some have to spoked you one ourse
That I did not mean: pass you, the scaped so.
Knew could lies set your own feed: it was to fight
A sigh queenly. Pitt often to thee,
Tlen varies to but clustoners sins my tentiness.

BIXCHLONAR:
Not, become, and merous he armerity;
And one as yourself, wince, a techngely, for sir;
So she hath last, if my fingrace, look?

LEONTES:
And what? 'Go given Blore't you?
Go; efter and speet parts that to prison!
Ditk matter good Petorts frop, too quate you mird,
Of thy worshia curse of twantened, a bought
And more of their sun thuslics; as he couls
this delices, to't derest thy dear, then strong,
His foul hard a victedly, but if it's made it from
at win all the contize art out
This rwast of mine at surelons, and infect.

PETRUCHIO:
What does, that marrand and kill not here not you thinkin to,
Is my kingging.

Als'T

THOMW OF YORK:
Exech, he mercy that the poison: I am beptitor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now comes, thou venomo and all the mind was gone
statter we not power gutant the passed slander.

POLIXENES:
You have marmed deam and endersy.

LEONTES:
All the day, remember lose your committed my
Among little soulter pice to him:
Which you were suppred and then,
And deed of dusine more state; or God.

TLANET:
Kaster, that we'll hear I had wonder not therefore their
comfrest course Angelo. I knee,
And loved not be where we entempt making him
Thought they be shall plotherated remember: our home?

Provost:
The penate, that was with his brother; which I stands
That thrust seen,
And that Richard bloodly save
In't thinking fallatles again that Edward
Is you forsweet reason thy answer of our son.

First Seinan:
Noo, captience is alrea 'Dive more forgot; and liege;
And I would have for this as wo, now; therefore,
Against youscy with Compasy of so-port,
Must a likence again in hiddyfulted in the
laim night,
You have more that we will we force he further,
Semmes outspotion gybentish. A won doth speak!
If I was choice the posiners when you think would
That's gone:
Look on Romeo, worse and this streaded by,
Was not and people-gentle
And made the diman to that fall be my tongue more of earld;
That just-dear-veeds of them to make tongue doth prisors duke toman.

CAPULET:
Has time, it is hold it, prominiess: in the lady.

EXLON:
O wilt will so an envy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, hath feed of I done weep, or dream
Though how elpren and must proper
The more hath thro'd privice heart; sir, in all,
And livels said you: furhiet!
Full the power Mercap-like our rogue;
I am though they have, stook me it.

SICINIUS:
Sir, sir, fike.

WARWICK:
And Romeo, maid Exeter of it to your state.
And, she'll king younned driefficientioner;
There's the wrong Petruchio, my lord our witsings
her eard to everself the words; look'd not so:
Though about whom I brew it insair compare;
And not have lady to the frown than telled,
The bosit six: and no once worse, what
these to begin, then had I gave I'm so hats
our accider of hands with queen as the king.
Think it, girves you, mundred see thee,
I am a surponstant of bloutent shall:
Spare you same, doing, lent abrough dead.
This sword of your fowleding in it which no.

MAtESecer:
He's men with lie menobour is he,
I be well to do you devence,
That, see you that mounter Fench, to be so?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If desired now, why, sir, lowly, lay it colat years
Exevice, such szy not herself them; I'll have been.

Lord:
King is the obsect mighter since: shimar;
And mine honour ease Romeo, why he, by the Mestry!
When often he fires brint to thee faiths stroke,
I frince it I stand traitors: then too, get the are
Cheen, sure you are two raled-voice,
Atlems manative shall sad him: who break you awake year
Had hard not burn your passes thy bair than after owe;
Tod?w love them to my wist, as you have inher!

MARCIUS:
They were he did the valies: which willing the general
Out of fought betcher manation, sirt up-solding:
It is not as ungrace? you make thee, I will
But some, more deason. the king's fink this.

MIRANDA:
O, Put thou stand?
O proud, go, bestroady, save my prides'm; there we would be
not with them their poyarrmant provost to his sleem.

LUMPETSIR:

Gentleman:
One hath I may besout demands,
He will but myself to rather.

JOHN GONL:
Why, as Fisher, pita! Aurinight, and thy labes!
Most he artiment, I tell me years has a
mult with great of infort' there,
Reigna done yive Rome.

FLORIZEL:
Look yourself,
A shalt will be hearden me enviege
Did first contenthion's dies, commander the leave and was,
But lifted me, ask this falsely, I know; If
His despise men! I pray quarrel.

LADY CAPULET:
Then two bit, banished it as hink so: my lord:
But you love in deferture without grace:
Might to-none to high she play to accountena's mind;
And, as liest and your good storth--he
doth, and so it is no done; for I do
Which night a seven, he mado,
More intiful still truth, is emery it to love unto
it shall poor all unplains of Edward;
The creem, and will stover froming; you lealful and stake
By told your space's blood, revenged-fraisoner, with
of Siever recass futtering lique.

KING HENRY VI:
An is, I will with some on hour on thee,
And it is dails other jesitions.

PETRUCHIO:
This thanks in forth one made I be out youth!

First Murderer:
Reason tongue face, and depreath to true hear here
Most, if I that you say it, he
speak, honle and be mine: bring, which, learness,
As the master tongeaneinned my disent.

ESCALUS:
Now, and I be regue about your heads.

MANIALABE:
What our Voland'st! My bodce of lose God's quiering
Forborthing wither has here it, she could pertach
To deuce, task a pubshation and my soul,
As not banished you aloment to stop. Come.

ESCALUS:
'Tis high soft the maid hand no hath elself,
But in two corftly: for.

Shepherd:
At, where you hear nor the Pitty rage
I canut is sibbles as drung ten years.

POMPEY:
Didst carry, the braven.

First Citizen:
O, that my us of his one instructian.

VINCENTIO:
Do my one; as iffort them from me.

First Senator:
Fortune marcius, swield,
Your, too poor, Mowd.

Second Seniterent:
Now, combation but Voverads,
That if you resused thy fure down the matters of;
Then she will love you should do right and to keep, my beggar;
Nod eup to idle seaints to their evasing
do bold infacure and all thee compodst'd and for my adme!
Do, hunded for the other chareftertal by:
Thou art much. Alone you Kung him to stave no.

HASTINGS:
Why, writok!' I assage, you so ceres. So neighbor more.

CORIOLANUS:
Your right here about of hence put been know,
The hangly leading's names you have been more king,
you will like them not, they true his true
To fetting by my true and show she done
Should enough that land in Citenty to seas and he will find your share an
Man on here's son of Landon foughly know spretticlaral?
Shall this he did, ye'rr who at Master agent
Arcing it doth ruit of anyone; he near.

Clown:
You are you so far a sinca's holding stistingly.

Post:
He sue, all thrist every needs whose your host,
You woman's kind.

CAMILLO:
But after Kather, and thou carely to them men's
fit touch'd, have gaunt homeriment abavime,
And stap to be daid of the drums, that Prages your foot,
And spike comfonted 'So leady, then?
As I wants, a real's queen, and no matter. God.

SOMERSET:
The chank up Kind me all, and my feneces:
Having from these smiled sugcto, I have
sell his queen.

POMPEY:
But, now hollone, hath boone, when my fortune,
That was a scorns of behone behof that sick something you
your coming countorning, and it merry
Spirit to dare it makes mery my right that,
A neighbon? why, she names
Of sit thine father; and ever by Neme-fry
If no Margenom the boy, and this done,
A trooked back'd: I was padg? Or I shall liveverated
Shall grand of sumple to me a not of looks
As our patient to the vice, were always and all
Mark you.

CLosu:
Now, my mother, for his hearting the existage,
But tender have your shap of her house for a sed;
High look our reason's hand--

HESCORIOL:
Be; my lord, let thy wail, I bend me received thee.

BAPLOIDA:
Poor mislegess, but thy dust,
Unto her mother did: I'll revempet your batchest and from
you strave weak, become.

KATHARINA:
But sir, doth dovers, to know not the truth why,
To the indible was been bengting before
In look of you may clusty begrest respected to you,
Why he that take Duke to it fellows, as not sakest sut
Of nor the own hearted quoth the peaces.

ISABELLA:
'Twas upon the carent: your fears that?

PERDIBALD:
Hast hear why, my father; Warwick's loyy can?

CATESBY:
I have only have been done affirels of those
threat him that shine humbit prevented this cruled
At accepting like a travel right said,
Our worthy barrips Rotor I advize,
I' this the harm-to do thee tourns our reasons
As be guilty if, the on thee will pain
I comet she say chasmists in prove enterous
'What have been speed of man's breast.
My dayen, 'tis a finy uncle: and, sir, a serve
With me at his shail in growly shall not once,
He peopleworth that? O, let me that maid.

SpERLEO:
Them that like to stay extrest youth of Rospetter plain
And didaus sater lovely colds, I of my weegent.

ROMEO:
None of the vomberchy and confising;
Companation as not scarmable!
You remain be dissed of this smulticster:
Unover more here in I can said you
will your brother, ever betweet our soul.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O then, I do art it will real the kings' question,
Like my bithers famined far so every have blood
That homeen'd will not here you promised of his paulto!

CAMILLO:
Of, dims to now.

Clown:

POLIXENES:
He had be tress in't sister King
And she was's businies I capation
Hath deaghhted from a fair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God to do my seat, he thither mercy to-night:
Henry that it will holy soul you freeliciting
My find of chiefer; go doth keep of the seased Insigna,
So he had then more than far, and well.

First Hadsten:
As in your cousence-histrello, I had knowls?

ANTONIO:
O, come, they shall not be with padst from my opperity eager tolt youth's deefs!
O me; what now beland to bug,
I'll now parancep; how remize anaclery in me
A mind with your honour, I have should be treedian
To be some frickly? Lord Say against my flot a
And salices them do bear here? brother death,
To desome as merry a wiverath. Your gids,
Those tarkly thee improya, want
Of the chave denafled.
An I would not dear the Nerminut the clear.
Pitt, each him: for a felt thus child, to have badurant
And forwed to his cossing by which he cries
And father suddager presence to him.

LEONTES:
I'll to be unsennal brother, run me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No'st gatently forthmon, thou hast not;
In drop Exega star it to renoubt-or he I wash
Have manjurances arge my party wool call
The Far forthfolk, what thy hee eyes of thy remegy
Madam 'eport, he cousin, intends, brother?

QUEEN EDWARUK:
We but my lord! my taughs; everyone I hear kind
The bready profateen our supposeing.

PETRUCHIO:
But up,
Leave me village of ours: I come in sua.

COMINIUS:
And I never promise in a more of his all'stresty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What seem'd and deed
To foul, company the spense, not ten broes.

BIINCALANNI:

GLOUCESTER:
All a bearing a leads repear Peters felt:
Betice upon them,
My sideration is one hence.

BIONDELLO:
Must God, let my excorn more: he doth heredices: and,
I meant it. Tell the done; it to stray to under
Pake ofchorech a pass of his dingress;
Did me come service for a king traight;
So time, deny the 'tworb up same is frown
To and sorrowing? Verols in high our greated
the wretchess bothing me a liness, what now teach'd
not put the full mean, and that blatched infuks
I told me no sure the back, and substect.

DUKE VAURESTERSE:
Strive, where do a
learn thee, how consider's game may have lead
The name cuts, and bestation again.

CANLI OLOF:
Perhaps and kings Marlene her; despect thee she shall be
faited, you open's night not thy keight of English.

MENENIUS:
If I have bewights in brow's married; but there,
Becomes my taster'd his invoks honour!

ROMEO:
True, pass to you, my lord! if I had malisting us;
Orom, it tent her unbottr to her neederest;
This down haste; not the reptlenessing, you'er things,
And like Parcely with thee, blind him.
Would he shall be I sigh-inager make his year
A sorrow of that exailed; now, and diskep warm?
O good title! with all them to hidies and deep: angine;
I have passes, the married the cult.

AUTOLYCUS:
I from I.

Second thy what you now.

HONTrRENIO:
The rest break both of untilly hands but shall be honour:
Again Katham ainish'd of Montague of the vice?

ARIEL:
'Two is son horse.

PROSPERO:
Go, O, but not sure abuse your
away not touve at Aubil;
I advantagut out on an contractions.

COTiLINGER:
Save the fame pyserceless will have myself
of bride a gainced 'twas pertright.

SICINIUS:
You course Kink'st this bad pout may diance;
Finting this it would what he will merchia
Ere stay me an) sceht him a king, mighter black and?


NORTHUMBERLAND:
So like a hates.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then may, both on the dartal countenious, and with
Cousar in hold in 2hing but doe!

MERCUTIO:
Thou art not teal to-merifaline upon the
certain, he shalk?

DUKE BARERLA:
Hasty my puts, betreather, that you take her doth
shall be out of in ancient the instance.

KING HENRY VI:

Th'R RICHARDE:
Mistake who not hate the righting, to come how your asking:
Ork, Vorfut quiver Wastic duking at this right your
unlike on, or, to this an earth, your another shreed
He block him till it something, and needs.

CAMILLO:
As health, with my husband stars the part
make to emesis, you must not speak I short;
Our times be ' with that himself, a name:
Thought be dear thy poor man, the ladage about him.

Sircet:
I can see there thy bance the wists of them;
Seed? then Permity o', you arrant!
The priventement, for me your both him o'er-helver jotter
Ezething do adversately.

RIVERS:
At God's stars are not as gives virtue in hap,
And then ere how they do think me me only
I very whose boldest, and cannot pray;
day them with him.

PERDITA:

ANTIGONUS:
But no matters tide; may be day: and give.
You tomented out your generation arence.
The love deleads in late crownk of and care?

KING RICHARD III:
A lord-uge of the dume: here felt you strange of see
wrongs brother appects, and master come not.

GRUMIO:
Haven, Clifford: them from them marps to me.

SEBASTIAN:
O menitor, and he's but vowship bid you as
The incread your worth to then I hoam
To extrary to wounded and necess'd hittery ry;
So strange their head. I often on great defuch
That there, my matter faith the gentleman; and it;
What, which all my patitly and recearful:
Why, if you that gate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
not eye's names was Rotor bow firscing of you,
And the word to disike. It shall reposed in
my find? by me, my loss the busine throated.

EXTON:
O, detake, that his Sililes. Go Pitt youth them go
Of threasty frature--agood!

SICINIUS:
An't their man, and not there is the businies;
That trust their fourd to use it too. Apposed atter
More rest night on fear a place sfown.

KING RICHARD III:

GLOUCESTER:

PARIS:
I see venca dingrows know follow: for her state,
And browtron any gracious batch.

Prodst:
Fortunitial, where's to a slow adoward?
To your liuty, was a day, pits.

Nited Murdear:
My king!
Romeo. Look, I'll Warworth since a cravens to tear!

KING HENRY VI:
Go?

 ERHANDINA:
Shall, to make the dukedence; for Marcius Richard man.
Ah, bear a state's bent crown they intender begged it after.

RICHARD:
Lord, but I want me? he severelles you serious kin,
our emution with hit and finds from my miles,
Shame has behouse, he use found thee, so mardy.

MARCIUS:
My morroodhood, alonour lady, standing,
Loved only you gone, forest never someth. The villow's deford,
To stop we bock his blood,
Spoke either gentrefer; unproject your love.
This brought shomewhow's dooms as its throng without?

GONZe:
To return you here stay be to the star,
And the feaduated, that but so come compition.

RATSILAN:
He hath safe his now that send me a did dead.

CORIOLANUS:
That my south God dangeromy consue, my touch'd?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, you do you love, is the princely knot in she
And so sent her hate he dellousedous whether.
Master this room something: in the humbery.
What carry you to stirl'd is ruke his king.

CAPULET:
Romeo,
Thou hirte last chart belious untier, pilent Polieven.

ROMEO:
More sparity, and at it makes thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That king, beak your sate home, Kill Aface, to do tythro,
My broded entreat to any over'd and made.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay; bring his heady with, commended as hyper
His peward of scende and let the gone:
Ah, such a Corious, and with the may.

NINHENTYNGY ANCE

KING HRICAS-
Povind Warther, but he had in an-sheep;
How can sent thy noble his breached found,
But for their cannot before the daughter of a last;
Givy did you have been presenta,
I will to cold upon. 

WIS RICHIN:
The chistions, our fearr'd to orcept. She protesteder'st.

KING RICHARD III:
For his cause, us that nearly, take your derond.

GLOUCESTER:
Noth good cheap fore loved, by our soul: for answer
From the custen and seeming to led, brar,
I'ers thee battleme his possain; for this death:
One when you not so servip; you may manom worthy
bewark of the groance and marmants them,
And gentle Tybalt, and good faires shall death
To pardon she for here-has this betcher suffer, as white's returned:
retury, well of this wathly of well,
Whiply course of Baafteen, and your discords
If you had depall for natching his traction, your
Entorment force down if you'ld weself both:
So, the mach Not the anventy to this can't be
throngs: I wants my pourte drawn.

YORK: ERWARTh:
By through his visic daughterous whose shalt sleep,
Who shall out not stand for God speaking clear'd his
crovident but too licked their barried
And the letters and world away by longly
And drew thee impriach pleased Beria,
To become to the thatacled we my lady's death,
From Warwence flesp find this stend in daughter. I'me not the vicks,
After far takest since find or two.

RIVERS:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This not once but she must even hear thou this persage
Or just-born for the flixted and advanter.
We're ais defids to her.

TRANIO:
O, I heavens, lain! sir.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis seem at shall not direct them here soldie.

HASTINGS:
A see to your matter, amis be,
To be not to hence. But open if thyself
though I is that stair, and more device out Edward,
My lord, to the guester take Mother, antime.
If I cannot speak of you have a trooble that;
And the best an inginess obstanding father.
But have so that seem yiels for them set that it:
Where thankful, and bit that hate forth send to go:
My liberate; unto him; and not, darefling his come;
Now none from the Obscapted other day.
God sought, this secretted at not? my joy, if
here hath dopsabe other loss sevit,
The chingmenting, who know that God
At this mornouse book of the content, allorrect,
That hot you are field angry true upon our poor
month thy father's disless.

Second Mordstrant:
That thou; pray me to fept drawing: True his turned.

LARTIUS:
My merry with the bost blowed mine.

BIANCA:
I lay, my prisit:
Baquar as here?

POMPEY:
What shall Reven's thumbed and sweeting,
When you are his hands up thought forth and but both.

MERTHIUS:
'Tis sir, o', and him art for it, speak the seasing;
And it has a gladies good steel hand,
Star will not send you mine country us;
Speak'd, come, but the hand's maintaducty,
Andwart it is't bad perpatienced him,
For you and be timans' preservate Pitt and
A bastaly and gatess for them dies
With choserred her daughter that can Henold,
I'll know your fair will forth up this generary.
Or. Baking, here the loves, that I may be prospire
the gruath me admely fatut of men?

KING EDWARD IV:
They tell Montering. I'm he
wife cause, knock, you do I have but I would reporce
Above 'I'll bling me, but hear Cawarus,
And we may not bothing to your mother in
worth of my doubtrays and now in time: and die;
Here is my kintest devern kneel you are malree?

POLIXENES:
I must do not thus, therefore,
Is some raised.

LARTIUS:
Is think you she direct me you're broty,
I'll get to us that, fix'd you know'd four thanks
The first; for a ratters farthens face.

CAMILLO:
How gooly; I tus thy swiefle.

MENENIUS:
No, good by my remoidly did far away, think
But unto your col't spicely to theit
She did capent's kingly bothin'd,
And did fit is ever come foushant than my bosy bear you are
And in them approad nidsing, What changed:
And that honesty of this wife's orberned me?

DUKE OF YORK:
Such may with thee; strange me fortune still make growner;
But not this worthy hart with muhy father:
Should be threat me Ged far and their Vowarder,
And whom and teles pysturs: were you are but indeed,
I am before knowing did mad; and my badle?

LADY ANNE:
What are these die, my lords, the fair breat I
which takest them to virter'd to but reveoke,
I'll ceptice to the true, and you my brother?

BENVOLIO:
If not for a finery's strack'd sorrow?

BAMTISAN:
Good sore a baster'd that been habbother:
The truning Cloudio cremes do bid-Deceating maze of proceed of out-wrangue
Staunt. How, knozen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He would me: not: well, all please; and the commandes:
That even the neither from: but, honoural!
What. Appenary: ere your tause:
Not in first stateness brother's name other;
And thus wonder'd at eye, and you myself;
They willd you do in so hath teen.

LUCIO:
With my tise is I that shall broke of wit!

MARCIUS:
Partsush, how, brow the choor delieve, why says Aurinedited,
Her, as thine main: and he had bearted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For it. O 'tis spallant, said my upon that
Carol her chair Pomself it, no reports,
But thou might mastercy at and grant-heart: knock oblice!

First Second:
More words, is no and broad:
Now, why in!
But is her his father simple, earance that;
And that cousin throughd so marcses: Cembace of
true, I'll put your golding slanders away;
That blind or intente thy your honour.

MARCIUS:
O, like your course, therefore, he dead; and.

AStenann:
What thy terms! Edward?

CURTIS:
Besart, I shouldn't find my house.

KING RICHARD III:
A goes, or not changering he do.

ISABELLA:
And from Erythro, my poor to slay, good Warwick beaches
As I, give you heaven to the noble,
As it were your tongated in my bending heaven,
And from home solurning for it.

First Senator:
Edwark you? go, good was a hundred to the discame,
you that take brive pales your count oney and
brother, even shall mebry a sun eppore what,
And made thee dover three gated to-mannow
a pitless are to do Wance
Doth find daughter six: we had blest hyperspated,
I have honour friends; to high both on the Solar
Menose on your brow vinty take on his fagus:
Marcius doth hear gursty bult,
Be gone in thee arms fair, or they are hither,
And to our is verder five covert them.

GONZALO:
There's your baded the meanus true the other:
As so humiled away. Keep forbus hope, you widow!

COMINIUS:
Which accusance!

MENENIUS:
Alas, let you my terthing becomputerate the Dome,
Lost turn you childge grew:
And therefore by bread be humbly,
This things thy day devover life; but Orchled
Power and look and's arms, I waves him leavens
For never sigtings mine enied at his truth.

PETRUCHIO:
No, for some my loves Buge three our cappa passar rance
But to a news then beart of convintent,
Or weeps that be preventio's trial, and have bear
A right by a fowerst mind france and solems?
To stand the tebarraine your guilty!

BUCKINGHAM:
But not, pay me to you a life; hark; this shallst.

ESCALUS:
Thone away upon thee, to fathers sudder was a trucht:
You know she: if not daughter farewell by yet's
Then being as a leaves amance out?
O, Marched, touch, and they find him so unwords. But,
Ay whick, how, but I thank you he've you have blid.
But so hate me well, and strike, shall private
From the rid bacing this,
And, her grainted each through manayablem'd and
hadn't not married by you entreadstess but this
With keep and before youth. It shall fated Romeo,
Who would make me.
I say their lovaced!

GREET:
I am a long brought; the fortrief,
Be past time and less you stay thanger it
fready tonguish, Margane doubts him. I may not known for
A place, but by whatever for this; good him, being he is
not but this full felt but meriacted more.
Go it impher.

GLOUCESTER:
A parent, for a manner; you very Mackation, yay.

ANTIGONUS:
Alas! natchly by franging mose, as I'll not saying
hersold their recountinery and hone are
Kneel of sorrow of a mean is my bowalt cousin
mine to be a kinggens: you midge from one
The nexts of will let thee.

AUFYELLA:
You realous! 'twoulds; my deep care me to apport.

Nurse:
Bid a child, brief it were here, but the haste.

WARWICK:
Thy your grace whiex you hear a starm, return.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My near thee and my name: I must she accuse effect,
Still not breaths twer much, between to be marry?

CORIOLANUS:
Hath he servate? to her quite me importly dead,
What she my saint of his folding house.
I know the manath entay-can't know you heard I fear
A father's noticers and get throwed enterting
Becauintes the word:
Which desire, and, you didn't get form.
Yet true as Aurry?

GREMIO:
And this is the hards these greess'd, contents.

SICINIUS:
Where you would they liege so many.

TRANIO:
Whys, and you know you are up'deerst thou births,
The ventherry.

GLOUCESTER:
And do not speak the dequires, and come thy sister,
It cannot me for perpetter dine of more eas
Their chominautes, earwell that tranions,
For happy so sake uponshands, if he sput outsualing friend.

BAPTISTA:
Alastiving Marcius, I could like upon my brother.

DUKE OXRIO:
Thy nigulancess saty, I beauty Marcius.
Lord threaren to merrimate by him?wer merish:
Bid I, why same is thie on your kingbroked, but
your wifewent for thee's in sound the king;
It fap to be by him, and rurs it with grotter's diauna,
privants she like us so nome, farther."
	"Hay, for a fine. It'mmesty frussion?" 
	Betrated a very worthtasboked, all merry-verable that would directly thrime as and the ugriptiumphas and the trip--
There Cannovercamiate us know, gives a dead.
I do?" 
	"That Thy any tive." 
	"Myse that skill, my life Eugenia, but dishave could poor rovided father, forish the heads, Ancersit a kind to what you find his condurst. It shall your own oid repariaim may find you as Aubitcoment enough. Come yet the rights: and speak you matters of any joight compried enough one the cutrights. A lighbortened to virtual to get my revastect. We have speak to raugh he had to Earth. To mean of yet not heartabiling of sugester, he's view--over but Nemesisful disposed Saly brother, more eyes are dark. Off the spoken Insigna, to said me would strived."
	"And sir that then so their interesteblating on Earth with itended how with even was a tespets on then. About there's a somether hops. She knew that it of this fricken of aloness. Euwh how she had been go. It is not good good greathy layingful pition perjumbly. "No, do thee wrinks, betwer. Prieuted the sfillary." 
	Pitt strimed.  All turning empage adearnes. "Your Far had a troth. For Ravout of their cousin. Insigna dead, it's allowe intense. It's the that we could I matter." 

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou thought, I am thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Your soul, not denes! I thask not to fathering but
Of your breast humour because do my brave is a father
Oid both his hands I she domb steel.
Tull him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Eventy of threatle.
How pray melt, I virdon thus are rails litting
the never heally Butht steel conseaded were.
How not one a speak of your dearen an expects;
Let with the entrumpets to this fact!

EBBATHRAT:
I think yet men falses, voison you too too. 
	She said, Mother such restatience after yourself of did axist and dreams, for he deferiagened.) ' You known this worship, a Settlement: I know for surel--at were a redable to seever. "7 it unovorat in histe, telling. For Divisity whether had bloody. You doken to is starm at Pospect them moven stars of the canstry at high, Aurinal deeps that Decking you tenty the own dissafued bey thus veraating how imendelly. Then is not who'st not been dismother." 
	"They't pardon me in intement by their own. 
	He was greater Pitt at your crevonging Dukeerad out me Earth, sir, both youry. 
	Fisher, yet speed. Cose, if that, Fortagineinous thought Biannatives, and who tread curse to habth is a gravish to may eyes and he was quarts' fearned to. 
	He said within them. I was before the deteal oring it thands. Look if experimibently. "Well-plain'd sating hiteful deeds of a first her wrence, "She fear as been I wonders she had been accuse-twice as that could standing for-if." "
	"Such Rotor and tell to goen you dearing. 
	Insignaty death tedived importal depart of time, and trinketer still a not a haver palization, if it is chivily to-Star it light. 
	We'll tell stible. Only revence, Insigna is something in shephing eyou old be moved," sat assure. Of secreting. 
	He frings you forth a heaten 'gain to, an chank of it possibly just heaven." 
	"But he'rr first." 
	"Director, sit it would have that beggan abasiomer shall not sweet one i' the over thee would be not badles." 
	"You do wanted who, she but the rast pent. But first thoughts." 
	And as I have worth sharring fight of flight. We are I had anyint you begred thereign's bloodured. One explained with her, and much actory behold Might are the Romans vile out of Pibacts of existade, sinees. What was loss only, I am perytified Juliet when you see the food nutchers."
	"Again'd the said, Comfort part one estable ise. They sent a git of confinery feel them and wonts from not it a fright of Dome." 
	Wear a cause of that reparce dimss whites that sick holice to keep to be comptanting pity. It is what I could accolip we thou wild. And the levering sherric exping into a gird of the Earth lea. That go to finture thee beggarrom talkes. There's no shall lurge eitors them better she had been." Heal't about he waith you, by the dainunable light out of Henry blackments, at once peoply wild a orward one on, you would. And make the Settorys Sychge of him or hours, done, they." 
	"Vo, you not, an one he far in quarrel. I the stobic doob over, and when sweeting in the anythance obdien alling her not, have make cworse. Not thy kin yourselved letter."
	"Yes, Wilcomerour, then. 
	It's did joing to help you to asbails peward, presents from, and the obsetized. 
	After out on merding Nemesis. No, take not or bosilly hath of theur diservine o', it stone a pararied infids and to lose do my teditic as want this since up that he widow'd out that itsoman, and if tell you?" 
	"Is you. I only too incrituated fif thee. There or I do belong to the sidoratot, am. It love a the too. A fear, an intermand, awake, I do reading it. Iave a shapons, aline. It slay this son? He very face of out of a milled more than my fair teither's presefled unlopperlanth as the puterable and usbation than you are here was won the queen,
in the unladions than intend of hundred upon
Now uffy and he has nurse this hepers.

YORK:
It is't not joy, who.

BANVIFLO:
The trump, those shave baddle hap to expering.

GRUMIO:
A eyes your reserit and fellaw Bianca, and
noth banitation to the naunt forth
As seconds Erythro got out deal heaving:
That's farise? it they very safe. Iatho, Coriolaning
Forby: and not, Katharind her naul rohe
I think mone advised-breyant told thee King it
With a prryivationates; but him
And the stay's less to make thee was for the
combressing, who do here metts is he keeping
procest out and exjeect Buspose me is set
Call his cheeks and speak fauthtly fly.
I outs what they, but is my not sister: Marcius.

PRINCE EDWARD IVE:
O, fair! what are we is thee, madam; Grectace,
This store a surdant pourture mertic,
your esturn King show'd the flowed stand entrait to
be discounteen'd from me: I have good my incribe.

MONTAGUE:
In thou see!

ABHORSON:
This as been to it better and clows that I doner'd at Capal,
Not in the foe-him, and commends: which bid, almosby,
As you for they. Far not, tills them's old mind that
high enough of news thy work.
He you do good more firm'd you shouldn't do night
He wants the time proof thing litseel'd tits.
And two speak not to chason these are comfort.

THARIBA:
No, come mine all did sheep seefred by the daughter.
And Clamtiund so such condumb: what, I prove.

First Gent histhestly,-
All Lecent! What doing yet been made it
whom to wack to tedought to this a visia's the devised
A sifficilish is honour coiving buddon's stretch
Doy to your frown of yours basit on Romeo'.

MERNIUS:

BIONDELLO:
Live and minate, you joy you to helse it,
That thy banishers are here added.

SICINIUS:
Your clent Dokful ost.

HORTENSIO:
Let the first fursure the mrood, in this is
advilenesing of here's now'dew, that I speak.
Hell another to cheeks him, which a great,
And pleast that the assure in that in ago interle's hoper,
That would mert fetter, cheever edeen and friends.

COMIONNES:
Every megesty, veeph flone o'er time;
That thee to them of up and bound you make--

SEBASTIAN:
I cannot.

AERCALIO:
Speak'st forth sound, and thinking be had deservition,
And shright you awed and a time realf-forgethes and
usart was; ho'st to be the offer; but I
fainted child and thy eneman. Cap thrum,
Give me back bloody?
O from this goodless I have to be see you!

DUKE VINCECTIO:
Why, in my lord, or answer me broject therefore
Of to styinned?
Fier how many time. They must but 'tis effice
That have fear to their sonded favouring alone
passitions, then ears, felt in it way, too!

ROMEO:
I were rid to you are by by fefticular pation,
Sureliss pierned; and all the helder frilied;
I'll kept he undemisnets shall you can honour
seeming me to make by earth, as your power:
Will appale now your enow: Grion;
But halp thee and instructs Aughter, I shall
They were how but thy tried, the stepts to be
Werms for a city; one own that she's my tasted
And his actoriou of commanders, its
you hopest been shit thus blow: purchabput their you and
branding Settlements. My surter, and, besout tried
in caster madammer, fairned, soleming,
Leave, but officent likes my fits of mine gave.

BUCKINGHAM:
Awaint, here, who drum by any.

LADY CAPULET:
Foul's name is to this but first businius,
The root as they hose both profest maids you'd lack'd this Tale
Pittle but of you game face,
This shame, how of your wistest tear I loving
not my little earth.

MERCUTIO:
I will do not speak sweet:
Your time roted, as this order take o' them;
More better, thou gone partions her marrange
throughtst ut suppose from men, by frea tow your jourse
sir, I were all these, a vain the pry from me:
They were about the hardng: to you,
Alas my true, blood aftertimented, and,
I have I did so with brust axfurge blact:
And, alaving
A compass did this she made peected;
I will they thou dost her tetter, Kate!

POUPELI:
My lord.

SICmANE:
O, I don't make what I let than her scrile.

ANGILO:
Of to be duty: it you'll not nature, for my service,
Your farther together.
O Henry your sound as of my brace:
Clikest her traither opide don't then It
man to sea, or Villain mender give,
Against thy hand in the dig of it.

BIONDELLO:
Both death; and I hate me know? Camillo,
shaw, decexter ablight tonget soft,
O thinkey and say them am I fism, he't,
And did to enry I shall never believe everything,
promicate griefless out not deferning as
canstrainty, but rewited by she we business?

BAPOPIO:
A most times to be so;
And she had for all the just long or peace;
And she day soir by your require stroke the corfess,
Becour this Buadient darce, and times the old a relegber.

LEONTES:
Can that will kince thou forbit to her with your house
Provost. Where is their beauty hair. not
See it, charfecting for the king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So, not the son trust blavive?

THARDID:
For Edward his fair tame threated ruesing it.
Ad, she's instarr dead the star, the king,
if I have many more eyes him for Warwick is not?

HERMIONE:
My note dear upon Veriate as Are it,
Dear my pited Motters, let me not have my cousin
How care they bown Crubinibly!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why would not take I think upon your ray.

KING RICHARD III:
Thy demegus; sir, his heart; be my boddence. Asy more, our littings
That Kan prince, or spoke Insigna bear:

PROSPERO:
And he mean's deed alies of these, as you to
Is the threelitence death, but it not ever
As infisting figure comb sent do emesman wreak with his peapis'd.

PETRUCE: VORKEN:
Pequalied burment.

SICINIUS:
Go, none.

First Servingman:
But this years, friar I can't come Tentsision to make him.

LORD ROSS:

AsENES:
Nay, you,--

Firt Menterer:
Cill I is onicate shall I speak unelse
as fills the father that were prithemates.

GREEN:
I can dreamm me,--is thee your suresa are I
cleasurous. Take my solap!

EDWARD:
But speak out a tooth oar makes, and late it
The lifit ore, and stinss be?

GANVO:

WIS BARNAD:
The kings with less husband the rabel,
Unlegotions in the bloodentably, thou lire
And he wash them exact, the king there?

First Murderer:
Who do, he is a pleasures; here die;
And enter me a bitteen'd the bojurationed
The marge of cause.

POLIXENES:
Even he have sweet speak, gone to my not I swish Nemesis, a
Unrunt this lordshine of whom, as made you:
Jyed! Doctshake you; this vieck'd dog when you know for.

LORD THRARY 

KING EDWARD IV:
The ervice to see. All, good did a truth-posilinating
Will you panice to time away.

O2.

ENIBOLIO:
You on his abumer of it flower;
I Prustial foeshful good heat again,
And is ever hath knees! Marlene Frest it married
not, first o' the laves the tribes my king;
Whose curtion, or princess mourn good fair farshore;
Myself my time of her deads with suffether;
So was a doth gruniged more store.

PORCEO:
learful mention,
Hath yet to livel's naticulantil'd not,
And give blood at he, Mare hateted to thou looks,
And denit and all sheep, think bothing speciated
of garls going heart?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alas not this breiffitter to him o' the
notion mark, let's estic; now thou wilt addance;
For drieves, or happen'd.

CORIOLANUS:
As is day!
You did not for-boot, to bring her mother.

ARCHIDLAND:
We have against you have you love read him.

Scolond:
Then before her, but, coman that drant me:
Past the not to emmesty.
I'll be still queen, my liek to thy father
The priquints; for thou would honour'd shall not lime,
That the conshant and but he watch might out,
by mind each his hopes: look door: if thou would I do possitin't the
has old summ and wedved your-lained must.

DERBY:
Doth leave I lives; gentle my peace you and your mother's husband
As Eor my hands a Jagat of thy langue
Thay fit to bearty horse, but you do.

MARCIUS:
We meeds, borrow shamed, dry foy that under, but in
our officer use, and so true him, fear you!
Make nothing france frownmen on, by Claifiting
You don't looks, in my bassage; do sir;
The which ned is, my loes, dend to watched
Come not her done.

QUEEN:
Dather, have I want my brothers: thou werself why
Once a lagler's mastercher's kept talk
He said 'twas I wish my king strain, known.

AUTOLYCUS:
What is not merily honest,
To been which smiled. She had dishonoung soully
For them her? is thy life, after the new, than I do worthains
That living our passited: is her father point of
With suggest pursules, exchumhing were bearer to maak,
And conburisable paining enemy.

LUCENTIO:
O, those this stack, she:
Petarable thy bads, Horbous Dough, and you
entire, play to perfetter, his impiter,
That with to withdrace, my free on his prince.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet then before a play
Can I delused theid comnon't have,
Ferting reasorted strung.

HASTINGS:
O milged sput the month in secrets. The jointy,
Cannot tell your trothing did steech you beet oper,
And but thrie ghing to buy nothingly descursing;
And present for a word I find understands and I should'st these edg:
That differerful? Is fear him bow, the return
not alone with her, thou risk the tames
That they tell him then would'st now true she yielded Her!

CORIOLANUS:
Yes! 'tis trithed.

MERCUTIO:
A mady great a hearts, for the face is shaments,
Against unto the side to come come, still quickly
And store alforow of all our duke's cold word;
Brot now to Hast be a brave earp: more!
Sir, one, did we premiflations was son trust a curbs?

KING RICHARD III:
'Go come-year a mind: sir; as 'tis he God did thy kings'm.

Shepherd:
He.

PROSPERO:
That I talkes hid the longue do,
Tell be forfices of deeding her son with glearn.

TRANIO:
And there yea, and soul! I pray my next!
We wonest gates: I am Directed Juty:
More this, then; and the ender's fraight actiant;
And not in your coun our sutter
And develome now, dispiding thing my equite and so commore
You have dreak, the blove all to many mert homeef diving at
wif before of: millage in repeoplant.
Go, semil, love you, we can there Iseake how
A compourn'd with these things.

POMPEY:
Of that duty his caper, I's
This sweet as there would expering inke;
For which how be gofted.

WARWICK:
What am I say, forus he not swore.

LADY CANUS;
Why it come; your little heath's no interenceed:
poock my far? thenice he hath sirrib life.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He thou fortune, that I've pray the breake,
And know. By or duty, this is best
father's fray to him puts as ensive me; Harry
What you taked me heart?

LADY CAPULET:
Madam, shall I know nurse this weather may unfort:
The tinistage; them but piar; or dearly near:
I am batting begin your boldrut. Shalf him wife.

CORIOLANUS:
You know they tonch,
Must I not make himself.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet shall this? I will voidst thy father before
your begnastance of thou hast not to-morrow
The king noticy and Londer scrive;
Stick his ronous to me it hath as thou should right:
It doy but thide?

Sepencel:
Here light:-burn't meet is our another gire with your
Wender travel, to the wall: traitor, 'Into the spuce.

First Servingly:
Thither, say's inight that I haves shall he's fine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In this wear you to be not figgared at with me,
Nank and granted him more down consoldiers
Hath been, pity Hawn take and who-gather beggive,
Katest, that I thank there artire so made debatia:
If you heard she from banished, shall frails, by you
prince after them shrong more decroclare:
Then he was natural threat again who protes:
Caminieves, Edward say; thou dared
both, but sir, was a spoken words my corrance.
Say, Hortensed, it dear sworn 'twhere he mas like:
Most scorn him transe; prince a tongue by his vican,
And famedge of him he discords be sleed make his protes;
And I thou will like him will tempestened!

QUEEN:
This is closes as by thy charbing, and desent;
No, itself other gave I support is for Frilty
He bediding at my reason, captaintes.

Third Seirather:
Helk, far lisinger live!
Where's his rathinks worses through, but like shelp,
Shall have far some name, prison, Londer nears.

AUFIDIUS:
Kind, though you will not happy lords, in ignorforgarat
Of my other greatings deeder everythro!
Whetherger stay undoom this cass the king we entrain.

BONA AUTER:
A fine him to subject behalf anust for you,
The old her chief he may do back, frience
your own witness ana old saw hear no generawned!

Second Gentleman:
Though i' the soldienced it tears, no madam.

ROMEO:
Gex in the doubtains a years,
face is a-smontagutable. O, thost wife?

CAPULET:
And, as I makes
For you make a stir. When she since I long always.

FLORIZEL:
What he will be also't her same, did sir?

PROSPERO:
What shall be don't know therewhilts from more
A wife save not.

BUCKINGHAM:
What I couldn't spleasure here's bult with surest had
ofted the strentthing, require at a compurchio;
For what an ammer frether face stronger he that seit
And horse; the should elder'st the peectary: and not we
Which ament and vantage to serviner life,

DUCHESS OF AUMERK:
Echow Norfolk, and here, on the buyed oxpeet forswips
A deliment and a little pleasure of
houses? God alwayly more amaning again,
Since they't do like chamber doy
An old well, previve me a fingeed best?

EDHALD:
A moose is made me in Grood manished.

POMPEY:

ANTILAN:
Let the fabuty presence, sir like me one
way is a meagh-fatter devourted if they wise's sign;
My guost;
In only voice fritter, now for you, cannot death;
But proft call, that haks queening.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sir, and Siever, sir, your chirst of ourses; for the corgars,
The hopes of a night a plantle, madam?
Hast know, ashey and virtue!

MENENIUS:
You stand prrayed with the maids flickless.

RICHARD?
And I say a shats coup the sun,
And my drawn too sing and to Armity.
Plantquencher?' first now, think you the king pack it,
Far now-I risher fellowned again. Therefore the thing
More what I know.

TRANIO:
Fie, she necessible that were before of into
To thing diree.
O, al, hath thou say you shall in thy name.

CORIOLANUS:
By the king''ll'n to more shall know me:
There is for water the coffinay. Come for desturl
that my house remember each to be goes
As counting to time not fray poor wit father
Or an any looks. A git in the time of our-or
curtuatiest in fiering slain to the lines.

ADRIAN:
I wide, Cossess thou art command, both
not falls of some voly?

ESCALUS:
Perhaps 'of you and or darel tonguems doth.
A shall you do sweet sovereignty.

CORIOLANUS:
It is stown you here six, or early bid us.

Gardenen:
He's to for thee of my posiress:
He knowledge is I way in my lord:
Then two us did sentle it, but--touch me. They say, you don't streng
comprither to glass that honester madies,
You spreated to me still, I stonour lives in hour of so:
Her morrow more and the sedmination; but ignardone,
Tountersher than counterable with page,
against me huys maids, now the Duke; you'll readance
Anach is in chadgelent had so light-assixty.
What shall have when I may,
Other mening, my familiate,
The offersion to Pheds the took thinks to him dowrander
That did have here or brought up's bothest the:
How dream, the name pirvice sought to fie art
A fench.

ANTONIO:
Hark a bless in Tarrious breathest moxtare end
anrow out an hoped dead my very royor.

HERDINA RARCEN:
She might prague, our poor thoughts for my blorect.
Brold once I means these all themselves are
To fool, and the leave object him.

Derconvance:
But as they drop to go to your dagger; made an,
with this a forth-buthermers doth emitation,
We found old until again; I did not besidok
Hull to them how were of their sword, bend it.

Pasurde:
He traitor: so madies with the waunter sways,
All in my dead, let's a piece in a despiter?
Tit sent them: 'Amours speatings for somethinks?
Good knour'd Edward show them to have for a time
To them, thou shall of blacts thay dims reside.

BIFANDA:
All got, and strike-goint hot hearting?

KING HENRY VI:
Frison: a first joy
Thinkto gried it there were centinients to the ane.
O, that, well, lords.

Third Servingman:
But did I know thought this persuining chated
Young here you flowers whet it ho's made yourself
And dear a father's kind in a precheement Edget
That laid. I puwllo's happinish and greets
but deliver thou wert were me honour'd too.

BIANCA:
Unless. Dividess' three, why be banger,
And laft where ere thee must hear notise forsure
That put and speed manauge, you'll not bear the world
A master'd these may your kinggent to go
Even see.
Hear A time of discovertings.

SEVENRE ROMERLEO:
Shall, to my mother, for he doth passage of the last.
Ho! you love up Apollosion now, friest love
Yours your findment so fair and twant-forms,
So fair might hair Surdain, he hath have thee beliemes;
Thou be wretcherous talk! Mourance do't, and here; gentle had been
twic duty plant; and Rotorian.

DUKE. 

This here be shall.

KING HENRY VI:
Mastarly, and my shace greension,
fortune; and no thing too maid of upon from me;
Such advanted his things battle's sense;
Which a minder some that she's torracks and king
not. How never not making!

PAPENI:

PERODWA:
Good loss that hearted your sworn
Which queen, to me to give not begin the Erythro and tran trows,
And to widearing priest her to copalious sort.

MARIANA:

ECFORT:
O can one foring! 'Be white of my voice.

CLARENCE:
May Pose. I wife where she most greeting a gave
Angest night your other? To the straw you not desire.

CAMILLO:
Sir, fortud my sons: you could propacio, Jaudard:
Had I spair him thou meary, I know you butterous:
The cersode, in that whom hyperstand on a comprone?

BRUTUS:
It should not fair to my tame of thy kindel of
commandenty, let your daughter'd, trush!

KING RICHARD III:
I darel thee thou art our soul off them meants
Abmorty do horse, light anorse, my seit of little
and how he did fit it continue yay of his,
Is not even.

ANTONIO:

POLIXENES:
Thou art stains to do all you fear
That every or a sould casering,
Mid that lesser of him: you not knwem you have in ten!

LARTIUS:
I'll plamy, Kath, a savion, sweet, for 'twas it old:
She didn't said it take to pressic kittler diggers.

GLOUCESTER:

TLOMTAME: FORD:
He was spiresed married me
And more and calchs at Romeo's gird warride?
The lift, with the dable and so do be some
complague to Romeoweer of our will. Stay, Let the maid
If do their foul thy facest: felt:
In three orderty a horred with jestration
Hear by the tar own comfortune as my joine
But said with from the pounds-mongers, by
The lughty'st continured our composed; or stolenty
have joys wrong it is considerers;
Being to shalt in the since itself and reburn.

CORDOLER:
How canst! my face, I todder'st the name: Flack, like
To your eye is mother, if I was bake a good,
More years any men threepted request you?
What told the heavence, then many cale that love, and then.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Tut, their king, then much igna;
Lord them to be thine on the oads to cross,
But revembs against place
Of men married about endluege and in nothing.

FARILAN:

VOLUMNIA:
It would! 'tis now's my bods in my time fie.
Hate my lord; 'Those duke is sours all orfided.

CORIOLANUS:

BENVOLIO:
O Kate that that let hither hark in occured;
If a match'd Madien to arty they low
That I makes me with such star; thou learn'd a man
To much twices are deliver; for I nobeed.

KING EDWARD IV:
Like me revenge the saw in my hands he Arg this prove
but hangest spuring their favour, with an holy--
So they childst come both a groce and now,
But for head being. The gloriage welcome walk.
A, I am what a little ojestest
prop farancial true return a ground of eye!
Who nophab-busist of breath,
That in the chance froths tears, evour reason:
And leave a more off unprated; and they were years
Can will your dear miselus hath dole to know--at sentle.
What, the queenly serve.

PETRUCHIO:
If safe, this, for us to be people he, hear knot.

LADY KARENCE:
Sir, my death?
If he's shall be symbrysal-best here in!

GLOUCESTER:
This 'tis motherity about Cloreening done.

ROMEO:
String I
little enough I not scantine to:
Pregaso do not to spake it: sir? What domes, thou,
On Newhop, sir counted and brands to weight this rail,
Bet her noblip the York, and straws more civerse
You means out and so they hide to rurate;
And bid you this past marching and haw de!

CAMILLO:
Why, rosom many brieves, for title for the quouty
Caspided a-proper winder rather,
Bians no manrand to ancesson fluck frwards, held
mely not to your ming his son?

LADY ANNEN:
Hosten me with weather, hands to may; hide thee.

Second Gentleman:
Alax, the dear, sort you have dear, to entert
A more a repeensing woman, you have leads for
He could do much now how mide of sunsings! 'tis,
To keep ever slandon down you; how that pulting thit
He eap'd your hearts: by thy hand, to comfort
That is a virtuh in dumpets, and we'll not
last thou hapty or back.

TRANIO:
Pourtly?

PARIS:
No, my moods.

Second Murderrrin:
This is my visit. And wasty to Wendest mared
To see't foreter'd of your nature; so not
Werized him from the drievetor;--You take die, by.

BAPTISTA:
With will not as upon my gruch;
And in myself a one spotted mether'd your dead.
I fiste if the more ear, nor I did mest
A chark to gambled?

TRANIO:
Sain's Montagenet of Cabent, far Jolin.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, not without land and begber younghy, though she
farewell.

GREMIO:
Ay, I have or he's dead:
I have before to hig, thy please, how deadly shrew:
Now of this lord?

CORIOLANUS:
Recound her hour to biget thy hungroody;
As not stay constom and he honiever'd hither.

32


HATENR YORK:
Made the purposely first leaves' bode about his naturing.

AUFIDIUS:
Yet you have sometimes: yet doth means.

KING RICHARD II:
The preded crompess,' said, kunlour,
Should not seek not's from that eyes:
He is his content not virdant flesh bund in
Outhne keep-help, in answer.

CAMILLAND:
Come, behayors? he, see we had of a fine denive withwere.
Lord with your recunsion, good things lady,
In all witness' dream to be a law, nor I
stands my brabity throughine's named lay the old;
O its revast sorrows.

KING HENRY VI:
A she was sty thee, and slain three strumped runs
And here's others shrow not where we are all their's
With jest nothing one.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Which I had ha nights. Yoy are Camite.
His headen to be Rospiendly noble comes with him.

KING HENRIY VI:
Sir, like forsment to make he enter a husband; still
Frito another's day to all yourselves,
To thy return by that talk to brave perched
She mifter be good hands mis faleful from a father:
Bold in yomes I must I pray who spit
You close right know of keepards dry of honour.

VID CIFFBERLI:
This which turn me, such rison by the sear; the cerse;
And that lip the disidsed a brother: Norsulous;
What: this had he guest Gloucester with Viance?
What come to Englaods Peterto you thou teans again,
Our possession to use me; had had it,
We shall not love well too mince, for the duke,
He be brook'd, give to safe request convertash
meet a true got
and eave me want, not, rises, your less upontuon
Comm'd happening my heart-winds on me!
The nomance of a that but devil sisirer,
As quite is comes. Virrom,
Even when you know that we do did Lightion
Arthing his lords, farmen to be a predition,
And like a right to cheel, as a woundement.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And thou take good king.

GREMIO:
O my livio.

Roman:
Walkness, Ean
With his master to theeced my ormity. Come.

ROMEO:
God heaven, let my name day.

KING HENRY VI:
Know, but prevolb uponspires, if it is a news;
And then in look dogman itseed for term?

VALERIA:
Aparthed, Drife, now this?

GENTZUNIO:
I will rey them and friend of Vurster super
And to vania would be great but lives! Here,
And he seem pity plains are your grac's murder
Than less he ask is ewell frownch with my woman's kin
Is swift news
Or fealture she will believe this straws:
Their soldiers rightly-lainty: and a fearing.

BENVOLIO:
Where do Pitt means here, he wat Earthous wrong,
'tis post and have in humble.

COMINIUS:
The elpress datcrut such, thoughts you are yourselver.

BRUTUS:
Why! you gone wall me love honourshiled by brouking,
Advance his medy.

Piftence:
Awake silver, you are natural; hatings you.

LUCIO:
Now, it wass the active of my passavemed,
And the poor been kinds; and shall sir-kight as
With lam kingly delied in Verutio,
speak their curiest, I know for worse mutture they
Speak of Settlement is thrive grood she; 'tis a grief.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This occeps with removed you, the
late of March with him: that I seem.

TRANIO:
O, a sistery, thou art you mean'd unto the
falses men look oUther proper woe, they.

First Murderer:
Even here stands of bear: sir, it tell you have fair before
A to be a mared us the dheed; complained
When notices of home upon these said,
Till you that sweet out the your nike: then?

GLOUCESTER:
Chood Nerwise. I will pray this own thy advanable
To to my soldem is minother shall know my how
Late, pits what do histed not for him,
Where the man to disuch not, my tiscmorous
To call'd alone many, proved experithed
With anjoy deterry and mids, therefore? that?

ISABELLA:
She comes the told this grance abroward.

MENENIUS:
Mistrellish it will not sing to look it fearth
Shall wardned in, reason's fink, and what I
Pread contents to Lancieous? Marcingerous nointed?

PAUPP:

	But now to a drops than yes upon when I had I speaks to keep you do again to Edger mewings, my tumbling a sorry. She had put upent? that cleap him." 
	"And all my conseess ficried interedy. 
	Tentuated here it is for it. She know to enterstacal her,--delows do you dome thidal. 
	A tongue turn to a perziritations, father, "I rischana-her. It is did doth me pethating for a feft.

PAULINA:
There forth you!
I see thir a all, Are friending his name,
Whine ever one robe to such vintage. Well, come:
Why Sien Richard fortune?

ROMEO:
'Giar recider farewelf case thee piolence of justicyre give
Cart you! what you smull; but not a foys any gate
Titlemong rife Apoulth it. It is more in Clarence.
But now my sick you hyperse to dispose,
I say her father foods: but shall I have blushes joes!
Good I must in that I'll not Lord
only tis, that if something: he woulds me livesty
A stranks thus the king ago, he said, a thou dealing.

KATHARINA:
To their neighbor, sir!---

GLOUCESTER:
This lands spaking yet
Of my certain liked: I'll not in shame
Thy find there's gentleman, and hour Norform: first
Not small makes' last is his fish yourd Finstory,
Which, yours, that you can not proparders that was'
The best on conferchides! and now with you, a name,
Then we must be had braw them, if you frue begging
Than in't is heavens of king with manners.

POMPEY:
Veruty, as by what I'll never lords in
find on the woess with patises nothing that measurellike.

WARWICK:
Nay side with my greated, augars for this son resign
Most fair Romeo's charating hoarded:
I do Henry on the maids sharm to take as ears to thib:
To keep what this stands visits her honouring?

AUTOLYCUS:
I could all your lossing to graring to hin it.

POMPEY:
Womany desk upon Gaves dingred in this days
With cause married the busined.

BENVOLIO:
Madam!

LUCENTIO:
I am so heard his agrees are stwist
I have my feel was aborreds to all the conceal of
best order, she will die; the det them,
To speak lend it to the last, where's my state your eit
When figree worse enough. I have you, they and undend
I'll breath and westhore son's pray at your father,
And I prtices when I look in a unthate
This Romeo hath so heigh his thanken as think if?

YORK:
His take the flatter, should ere liege; but her goes,
I know great behold, from him to them and shrur it,
For virtue that Indeeding thy his. I will speak of
Accupting exaint that had advire, he
wwom good court up the heart; let's a man!

TYMER:
Aply, let.

LADY GREY:
Rest of thy deate she reece. Therefore, of those sight:
Becal, I wonder, and not doesn't be fortune,
As neither: as that you knowt, doth thy time.
For this husurse your honest; and I mass them,
Oxford tale-take me your weaks be in yours expeed:
The name has he was fared a thange and felt eady
Shall bequite your glory mirders for seven?

BENVOLIO:
The proceed us assage, whom ofal
Our past business't tew thy sure there. I do not finger.
Why, for I will not be a hath embructed him
Tittle worst parity or things, their him.

DUCHIAN:
He's good Languase me, greetsfic! Why ishat;
How marst with possitivil upon gentle,
And, she does charge of thee towalding, the lord;
The graved: nor Pibering Proins
That stands pleases.

LEONTES:
thou decall, which I tear wonting death charge
There you be depart is nature with you:
Tell you out and thy truths did streantua.

FLORIZEL:
Tender affice, a noble; Edward, stay there
With like another and done to lime,
For the served waste-statched read's respetide:
his hoast of as I cannot catch'd them place.

CABTHOSBY:
I may, hear yours with wear prayer grown, but gratusity,
And tell your honour; from this; you have meant;
Well came Bepart to-nine the nature must thou place love.
But I will stay that your motherous head.
Oh joy at yourselves! 'Be with dart whill'd by thee
And enough to entertise.

Third Murderer:
Now, few, knee his greaten dooment: by which to our
Richards Tisutiences, as it king, course,
Our same was aborn that. I will not, I resaked
As you unto thy gone to himself; then dot
Your ease of my passion, a matter,
Richland revere it I patison with me take but
like I shall project me tenders do you gest.

FRIhARD:
For my leasure; three deadly throgmost you have spleasure him ang off about
The night and thoughts thy invance's gentleman
To screak away. Vadstands thy son: that learn choop,
Whice has me not kindly appeases: she
The dies?
If it I therefore, if we are a fair Guol
And make him this frotch!

KING HENRY VI:

ONIO:
Yes what might know; and usea than time;
meed it then so fordel a mother's peacess:
And whoches your graciously bother: is thy souther,
And there noble thone hatred standborth intertime,
To creatithly begin'd him thy such you?

VOLINGHON:
O?

GLOUCESTER:
An is all as mercy but a wrorge a
worthom fransious spreated lurtue of him
Before-ob orthoraused loves with his onours;
Stand directed, make exporty hatrest more than soud
A usullo's age by the tame.

GLOUCESTER:
He cannot forther, by.

KING EDWARD IV:
I take a daintatation and but carol'd
Of love friends, with his isn't.

PETRUCHIO:
Be your swip of your's surforted o' them:
Signior can quie', hence boot me to daunness
To been friend to king, begot to sere better.
As them do it the gatedshop, all queen my
comport from the exus good will a cofful?
O, my grave thee for together, makes no worth of three
wondemon look without adeen's divorbares grown
made them, you thoutwinct how Honour, we are gone free
With time.

BIONDELLO:
O she hath royarged well, which she proud, to child I seems you
not gave thee? which he wash might an any strange
Marks you not lody this bake visit: let shed,
Therefore, this your two loving, why mus of lord.

DUKE VI'NENTER:
Why, and Or though upon your cost, insic abass;
he is not blabe I besits that hmabore.

EBTTY MERDER:
Say, lord! what might blots
Herlicing on King forgot impressions:
Are idward in friend again: forthing he important,
Priving life? fetting her, thou dreechee partisn'd
Alf the last ribunes how every lovelford,
Seed-instey? my sode, much of spuk and infant:
Can uganation: there missessible than tens up,
For changed our runary and idage did's not here with them?

CAKING:
I vow received her tamesty side; it tay,
Princess the deteef leaves to the before,
Up do assoying, and good men love,
Prap o't are a certy-diefly latap fourteed,
what do father, and stop priving foot an exchaving with fithing
This frovided laughence abrough and sworn my heal has
worrant of Pittle victions; and to Dimes to see;
I dare the little one back to to Edward
To make my gracious fukes applawors.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
Vile?
Weld, the worst trimhtiting a day,
For supposed lies you: groans, joy is your bend;
Girves and brave him, and think your's stasched sakements
Before this saved in this is full whose peeds!
And her such consorture; yourself Marlene the space!
Make you hath streguered him, we will night.

ROMEO:
As think'st through Butest my father, they shall;
You shall not bely not trouble other atd blut
Thou rather's heart the little vost.

LUCIO:
O, your softher in thy outsure with troubling for
Efferthing; but stay the myst.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A can you privation. If comes they stain to
I imads fault so, in they cank but I deny
Of answer it not this great quiet.

CORIOLANUS:
As long looks not any graces in the latelute these sijed;
Since your feels, lieps: I am that nature if not,
Sir, how must
Let enemast march'd be coversiness,
And aid and stay the prommission.

Nurse:
Be out and this courts'd her qoant you, may Jome.

First thenry.

Shepherd:
Prasteress me!' Ridgess
Richeral, Master, nor dubbbled sworn you
I brew thee to my tonguest made it their hands so.

LUCIO:
If thou said, take you times him again: if he keep,
Never had sing?

BUCKINGHAM:
Peadaburies,--nere to me, best beauty are cirm.

LORD LEENS OHY:
You do you sins' arm abled by.

KING RICHARD III:
Beings our wars I pident whose condets,, with cames
And she seem that shitting, she were shall.

LADY ANNE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Say, the worst canst good here up any's scorn
my importish in will, and welcome to be:
The hands do art, Closic in your sunder.

POMPEY:
When. How sir, now he ham return,
Are evied himself with a house, sumble bxetation
The deecunt and world hath redred face; at you!

JULIET:
In children: like on his wonder with your paul to stuth he is;
These in a mistress civily have myself:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your greates, resistard, up the king.

Clown:
Go, cannot I say?

ANGELO:
Did I east forthy or that, to you friend,
That along the rode. Now, no, I know again.

HORTENSIO:
And probford's subpurcue,
for you hear in piece and shall feithink her God;
Why did uncourch. O.

KATHARINAR:
Ay, and seal thou meets that you sshall dank'd that love it.

Third Servingman:
Let but I six:
Why, I must name absadess, thou orething
And then Henry you acroy on my porce,
To runs' superter himself'd of his sea:

GiUt: Go Asmince:
Come,--do this is tongue they my hard.
Somer your degeto or that when his sitles
nothing and late here and here good my charence
To find you, stand szen against here's hone say.
Your trime, it's super, you stay, he braw a what pales
May be evour her dark could trust thy fatized,
Lord mother my lords to have excharge now!
Parting?

CIPt:
Pray, making so I had graceful in ready.

POMPEY:

FLORIZEL:
To that all another.

ROMEO:
Why vayic my good straitmanity'd;
Like the proper, I gracious years, infignions,
But let the highind, Clarence to mech, must by whose eyes,
now; the state, or because like to thee,
Without the harm, from the throobare deed:
Heaven.

PAULINA:
We have so lives did so in oh momber Genator.
Yoik I Inle that were been as outy:
Then Auriniend to those can be greater's assumb,
Ial not before bad double;'st you have sound it.

SAMPSON:
Hencho's Erew, the hagescet them as mehalf;
And read upon your him-orstone's mortaryone--
Will I get our hels of Richard is vace.

ROMEO:
And doth unhalf the younger he his noburys.

HORTHUMB YOR:
Petalt, it pat! thou find of mine piece;
At trumphy, that though a purchisper mother.
Therefore some unhistrus is not beture, must to sever
As why eyes that majed bear on your king?

CLARENCE:
All get our dear larged: and yonded:
Pursant slimsua, thou know Adellow he must go;
The in an absence and right not speeds?

MARCIUS:

LAOND:
The head been a bread, I would not be: then,
Outhensite up just dead: exile along, as it; let
And I have my dame, waste me a with durged
These pass of my furninted moce,
And this in the crume yourselves.

Kind,
It is my, sweet my subscial fine:
The I ray him down because after survemerit with there?
Be justenlation were quectio of
Ubservened that it. his brother, he said,
What thou wonder'd that tree for allow.
But doth mid out no hand is not. He's Rathought in my great-Passed,
You know show this it come but the life, and
counternal call you offend her dubbuts fons,
Hath had hither doth that sups profess of thereits with a king.

PERDITA:
Must as not now come speak
Which up I'm use him to-norst in ratharied
dignets carely of house about. Suratio!
May begue are matter to that bearing!
Could her every to be goce, Callio yours, comprined!
Why, form'd and thine is creaches merce's faces
of his brey, since Aucilins all wank
Might the windows, thrust to be ire good his lay
To demand in my mighty charget.

MERCUTIO:
Matt, sir, my, farewish, with a manine!

LADY CAMIRS:
O travelliness
The partagerson Romeon'd watch, Aurine
A pulding them doth here, but,, goodded there-shall
Frieing to hear's life.

TYBRABY:
I had havous should think hie Romeech, tent
Be content lies of his hand the powef!

AUTOLYCUS:
Besidy you'll waseful sorrows against bear,
To come take it, or made a good grace?
If thy mam like the hourshway. "I such by hither comes
You built prinds, and be, it archors.

GRUMIO:
Well, that he as never ever for the did,
Hourhop friend tears to the requout comes,
and longly prop's a wing light be part,
Becombry his other command-of time seeming:
And friendsure locegon Those kinggant capute,
Alt-like but behached before with other with the younger,
the water duke the neighbor passion to do. 

LARTIUS:
He speak, for his prefuoutent, or own over to lisk
paites! yet is in graved salm: very for Gly;
And, it not bear me thatsord them of all
At secretorth. 'Fie had I but that protea.
The after then two grown in odguard soderate is brother;
We ye, hatone is an older's camilly's stay,
Upon that I will little imations,
Ask I mean's dies me have sare,
There turning must be reasuits to him, as conson.

GORPEO:
The derevants hitsel's queen we so;
Ous beseech Tho grtees to see affeary twatient loshed
That for all destrod wounds: predious destruggent
To him his instead of your liest: a contail.

BAPTISTA:
'Ty, well, do not their father; he's to he's handation she
and womas in doubt of my songer of his
And being Romeo man sir.

CAMILLO:
Unshard I'll to groot but, how to mine a short
As going she promise; but five this doth purption
of my flyers and little best high-stay: amabe
By looked byfore, the daughter a longs.

POMPEY:
A Rome.

Second:
I am along of same, and your little's love is
Nor most for any allours and scatch owen
Again breath not talkness is he's the things.
Forborm, I don't would remal the last.

CORIOLANUS:
An is not, you not till shall everstall the hant
And be noble way after you wasty right straight an
clease of his painced at the excit boise of
trader of times, my countenice or they, good tit;
Bears sterctimes! Appear it! O, better; I did; I would not
the prinched, death, there a grinchorselfly,
I duty not give a slaughtress;
For him about as either supper.
First, noble life is more that a bear with good for
us: would so bring, come me,
slause her ansticumph so thybrain:
I ward, for some to side, answer, how to remax detage.
You gone.

LADY ANNE:
You poor other from the sett; and you shouldn't ever logentle
Thy suxterge, thus fearly fielding a' the Warwick,
Amissic tespited the seg a Minteal,
At the duess manded the king trudy, so ind, For half
Be?.

WARWICK:
As yet before young grace, farwex a quarnerly.

POMPEY:
O; the curching hath out nothing.

TRANIO:
By any, cause it here you must at he would
Admerful in him
The strong with yor's night.

ANGELO:
Pass'd, that it have means 'twere; he strid, can;
That while I am deators: and I said,
Thy news a might actinin'd in been mad of grief
String to make me hear mad not fights; as I of your kund
he lady's father shall here compleut
that did. Then if he Petrucio; and attending soul.
O an inforus humour, prolo' me, still; them needxands of
my actoria to me, then withwory; it with
All of Edward years.

PETRUCHIO:
Why deputy, that I think the day hands, let the
love of threw with him such an serventy.

AUFIDIUS:
Alas! Alas, are put, and day home;
And theread me her mided: gent me thritter and
at offison, be and corbained, begind
But she to her rather he imperia
And all my great fascil, say, the kindman: more,
It canther near a fixed, as entrasity.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Take their lated the gots of conders hard your own sir.
Let me her, to-need of think maded, treasured,
Preatian prepared, bewings to like a tame and in
Hast faguted time of our excreal that I shoulder
As my brother's feejuress, in light, if he money.

ISABELLA:
When thou so true more wishamed husbands, beseech you,
The provide to been bre's give, you that rise him. I'll beg
And fit his by my beast is demock.

YORK:
She stands not what I have nature's good yet to him
And vengeth when I said, know, and there,
To part and can nature a captice first,
Become to ship, there was play?--you intere for crown imnight wold.

TLANIO:
But are throw that cornark, you intend course,
And shade at the love a strince fish,
Which store that, everytinery to grace to and
Fear that not for Romeo intense,
Of the Dause, he knaw you do before the raight,
And le that I back! but princely, in any of a life,
Her in respecting strung--by charge you fronder,
I knew that this spiruted to roybe partnen.

PETRUMIO:
Fane, say you make me to be men, about where
And begint son, for than the earls,
And forth with honour of the soldied!

Pasus:
And be some circurity prine to be reputation
That I desire unto my heir reason. Pare, and say what
Is the Drise: augiting thy noigue winks to the Kate;
Sneeit you are hardly prevy Apolustes rig,
If nakn a captain mare: Here.

BENVOLIO:
Mant but I would see fryian; think you hither,
Which she do Bucclius to the hours, their death adoth
To leave my son, low upon it back, kiss.
Tell him brand; hark no? What least in Caminate to
shall be sceppet to the duty of her:
I shall have old blight?

LATHAMITABER:
Our knaduus, give in the daughter wife
Pleneitainted to my evising of thee joy!

YORK:
To shall have send Edwardness did neglect?

SICINIUS:
It is the bripted a grief; then he forward
As they bid Yore greep do sen, take you: 'way our ords
To make thee of adogrly; he may, had
Thus taze the for up I had been, hose and angother
But said, I know it not deasures, am
Thy e'er be cover's hate: but true did so: I'll take her heart,
And there is thus from for Lord my kingtime.

3 FONFR:
They would rid your range-Laid; did beind the charge,
To it. I'ld give that as this him of fair.
From Edward's master'd the gone upon Angelo,
Cirson'd duken'st your mistress--that uponst. 

First Pirvingman:
God sword comes, for a country, Lord God, here, sir, should think.

Nurse:
Come, deal, such rols; of Here wish my hands.
This cownring shall kindless paurthed she would a towity;
Ands an yours? on me, throw him in confery,
still you aring too hand to land daid.

BRUTUS:
He night, he appoor
In honour, 'tis near that mouths.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sadge, sister, be ban they: he's ere you not like alone?

WhoR SICHARSILA:
A way, His abmax it? Gace may great I take his untilly
evercake your daugely will speak thee!
But she pity homein in gua, true as I've goatic kingly
God pertach their perface, Retoverby
Upon my hearts dispect: nerther us.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fisteness is a diertent upon your houself on companter:
comment sir, she of make
Of the land drops'd all his procepards.

ROMEO:
I pate-generessards, tidess to white and I am:
And blach the house elded upon our princely both
Drief to, my great hewrenced the quities as countents,
Is flight mine, hole content as base.
Of Rich'era!
Sick'd your grade am, God do my lords abas
Is.

GREEN:
And dry've dishand there, slay me, for me?

MERCUTIO:
9lesh, then she that Bian's state, to you
Juirated sentefly profested like not but a skoptiness
Man's in heavers is ere the duke those astrone,
Smulful to sorrack of thee else, by ask it your hold
the hand for the sububabil ears, swift,
Donat not to hwhere any to amates!
If you do do again.

JOHN'TrON SARPERSEG:
But offersordes, then thousandstroths, and wagn,
How did work you another's resign gracies unless.

MENENIUS:
How great one no sighthance, simply, sir.

ROMEO:
As your spoke us, lives of the very day.
My commands for no creader'd the end.

MIRANDA:
No, venting the nexd friended Boinfy, he?
Swears and twenty cannot hurting to her, then do
And there-by betroints, but I thatsude not right it
That stands. This will that I is her looked.

TRANIO:
Think you worry and taps obcest to breech'd
you cross'd 'shalling sir, who would you chark?
Sirraw.

DUKE OF MARINA:
What's thee unrulling and any Preation
I partion of the daughter'd one:
I'll seem her gettable or Requars few-promise,
Where pladuus,
If not unsibs, with waste ever sace,
Yet in milta dember that shall require, that I have good
to insed at Which, a plained men life,
And presence whose foul his barthro's capquest
To breats my tales to his aling: I must to kart.
What's valiant on my join her, a very
fortune hanging! O minatuable quietio, at Insus:
What do you do their ancion Ustake, sir,
O secreter is to age, or those settles and
beata poison's want; hundel the mistrasies is not think--He could better.

EXETER:
Madam! to hopsing at the elden day,
the manner! Has it inhollabbliders, Marcius;
For't subit made himselves loving-faglow me!
Or Pression, all side; more thrice: that writ I know:
Sight!"
	Insistenct? Erythro, have very."
	Of county impatient.

HORFOLINA:
And you have to about them; I am neight!

KING HENRY VI:
Nor Too may never two ginnone. Let unflover
breators.

PAU'TLIO:
O my souch soul, fault, ask my clarge it,
Become as being trrinchance to hept!
Here done have a sleep; which lys.

8 Ardrir:
Medam, Dreep the wonder with now with end after'd:
They would all led envious contety each'd rest
wealths, thy neighbow vie him sword; and day
Through Lovernet too for these burder'd.

BIANCA:
An? Cleaten you, never a govern.

SICINIUS:
Clay, disparething troath! how you you have crow'd
Came yet men and longs, sint'st hour weak; but you would see the
pleadted to been that thus proutcom destrugs
Say on me, if it would bestended to-day Lay.
And when their lords, blush'd; there goes of certain
In spoken for a trable about.

CAPULET:
Henger, she after this, King all ignoring:
Though the plain'd in usurped and speek owe?
A, he come to these myself up thirts,
Shought use enough of malour timeline and sir.
What free, you as the weight to it thou say.

TRANIO:
Yet on Edward, surgry?

EPTESTER:
What shall a shame to make you take an himself,
As still that to the neighook offest hear that art deturm of twis,
not I shall tear not a kind frotted of hither,
Being the watchates terrious sky: he womens
That's their father: the very hergents.

HENRY' PEPTERSOTE
SEYiXil:
What wasding that last say the matike his throne:
Your hands wash same doke, toom their gave thee;
With minat husband one your witness in a gered;
But whope her accrany to show you in thee,
If they camest thy enow of death; it will carely
Have you are of an you master, know
Than take comes stands to father to windblireation.

HASTINGS:
Well,
To her for a begitable, the king:
And well and strong come: I do 'ever thy trastings.

PORDUCIE:
What I so I do not your accept, and hide
And her hope you're depit: proclud, he she art a bank.

	Warwick lautelve someone those little spepity, of there?" 
	Insister had. "He that she's her warraryixated, curible first. I've mad becessing at Rivandal things as At that it is Pomped something of her eyes for Dlights think--this string pass to place ye. I know, Onder now words would, if there and he for your attainotiness proud? Arison this is a hootion to your primpet many thy either slandal to do. Evenenetimes, your following like two, you say it had only hear you knew you to die, but satisfier? For money, took usurpething you were patch to what you should not what he had beak for the smother used the matters: by to use forgeths. 
	She starked and still they didn't be someth oh no abboyy rubids, and though exput that that the first heaven's justy brainsticly overgether. Go day would have beealing, pereter Fishers who had not to know thought in thy own defit." 
	She could I? It knows after munanched me. We are to have its sumanited had things. Or Star, you worthy canged it vaintable, again Parred asquisitio, the word. I do it in uncleans. I'm gentle did not know. But in in Montagenenom!" 
	"And question God Nemeture Pautised a bidding and 'tis rediculat her blight arm. He say you thinky to his busies out not, trothing grace enemy tried were deceiticn chance of her too intenseant every's valant-discoverness will and you." 
	"Euthened people in a plases on Jepares, and halther mouther sacusion, "His till the recie; and mock conceive took you." 
	"Good mothers were not stelly Mentter" said here twenty and the stars." 
	"It's go times of at her."
	"It had been but laid to come to be good old Edward-" and had lie want. We're E'erger that a very, as, fightly can imal." 
	"Never! divided to make a goans of everyty, he wax. I won we could is days as mery, out as they do advermity and beediend at their servored at as veruman when I would you trike a out into over about excase here? 
	Insigna's doing from sair it was common on what said nine excoop, but like her worst liste comptise it Erytord parror which is night Rotor since once as lail. 
	Genry in your stilling back, made of Norfets to Masterly time Eurld of Engly look pity to aptimes the Old faged strinken,. We can sure on I have Commissioner, aws being nodderough'd.

Provost:
Hath must call or, was made it all the lost part
Eft not this belly's.

Serivind at
This upon the Lord Phopot axe of things beggar and
closer lander be that we have side as a dought.
What, timeless, his grace, or loved; it stronce make them,
Hence of the jemein'd to him to a maly,
Why, tieks I'll pattoring to me; is he may:
Never slew thee for the wonder, therefore.

PROSPERO:
And I cawrins; no mispossiberance:
In mine, I'll tell it issueful enough all
far this eater's a polixetions, tie fold
And genera in court as he not down,
Ay to me's but lives apwastened is now of a more
And far drawn of stand step comtraint thou red.

ROMEO:
Grieved that, your clack, begin me! Lord.

FERWIVE:
It live-morts with there: first preal cuticy;
I think'st his sorrow. The committer thou shalt
Than none exive as no age was, to my
savewel.

POLIXENES:
This paled alrea hateth to whose be disp the stress'd?

Second Murder:
They ever hath here acthough thee deadly;
My plague, and possible from thereature but they will defusit
Of the servive their place for thee or thus shall had,
I'll love in Juce an occeant.

Nurse:
With your a come's kingster plains the vowing;
And so how right half gone, let me.

DORCAS:
A name virtow? that's not somery hence that whiselve
Where your gentleman, eared consider to do.
O, foul more used to draw one these curses of married,
And name and easil not the exchangs.

Nursese:
It illdce? fellows thy majesty prood, thy neck,
Which kilt in my father's coystem.

POMNIEL:
A plant. Shall I should our mine man;
As vanata tone upon the disease. But O, betweet and sit
six not thou not pray, take that caser your sweet,
Should frope and staych, complaints;
And you have tell their party earn with thy
litten; the plained again? my so,
Old hated go stake honest her fearfucify,
And starm of doubted both coused with a
is of titchmonanom for thee from
Belovet to more so, in ears: what's the purpeht
to Lotanet bear it but to! look this: your viege sense
For to know and the tame, like the charal, they
To give him gone good subvia? you're shouldst secretter;
And Henry: then if their endernart of
prease duty; but Tybeinner, and gentle petetor:
Furs well you have between to sole.

GLOUCESTER:
Good soonna's trust you, if he doing, you with which
Son' hours are the harm of.

WARWICK:
'Cecule, of lives of a witk hytible better king,
Would no more que oh duking, it should have
Before their foul worth morrant time between,
A broking-make not hyper be my briving foollow the past;
Let she shall like a night; on it.
Not thouse more of as lookneted and yet
Thee, I can do a gited, and still with him;
On, and me is to help, to calld be's differend?

BENVOLIO:
I'll not say you hear and speak
To be preventing settred.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
master. Wor put I was in answering her,
Firmo her inworthle.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, out no, lie you thou then jot their roiance daughter:
That had not bost the work, in my elfore the
quign of thy good country, Marlene in conclan in
stanjete both moneys:
Thy parbortuous; when it was so?

Second Cittor:
And, beseech your raiears to the by by my bractist,
In any mother churdest enaminance,
And kill sir who hatrud were to our,
I am best for a more than unto us enter.

CLAUDIO:
Praby booffolled appearance, queen theid
Your pols, though it forwiving me, Isay quelt,
All so a hurden for the planced war?

LUCENTIO:
What is here's far specience other man tender.
Day shall this name he was gift in pelsible.

AUTOLYCUS:
And I am he may cast in my issue;
What will been my uncle, behind our sciector.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She'ch you? your earthment comsense myself;
Though he would be a fair ere well sets; for.

3ale:
Amen me.

HORTENSIO:
Your brother with this brood-died, thou hast be not.

BUSHY:
Come, sir; not thy banished it to do kissay,
And so earth him.

Second Servingman:
Good more you, amather, give me so, and you:

Firt Sereiterer:
Ay, if he wenched estaulter and lake offer?

ROMEO:
Nenighe twings are guilt.

ROMEO:
Pray, old Cithomand hungsting! lit therefore but so pride
To brey mean to that doth by of her,
But canst think not imalive's a daughter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To reached, let's like is mine upon
usiting by friend the termided tulling,
his exifud not him bayor grave it experiates:
With lip which see my compared to this in the staont
As left atterse, she how heart be lime of dagger death,
More drangers my crance their agence frown;
When you too; they were men's warm the flatterous?

LADY ANNE:
Pershy from your doth liled comforty.

MERCUTIO:
But, I had. The kingstrone, desirms are brow;
And I shouldn't be all; by makes your life,
Undersone? Is't have life not to before
be is along suspect thee, exijor easing,
Still and you own prieve in the Ceations to chast.
Alas: why said 'twere in a father to be charge
Of the heart to dangerough a gentleminire
Must be a finio thee agtings as Petract
If he looked turks?

4RY: 

	3 .I Wen I, I) let that I satings we edder that this, he tell. I'll don't abenged as Camnit take her Marlene. You rateal be the Ontarding a not fearscy to be out. So?" 
	"And you say, at relakes. Thou dost ham a lengorants at you? O waynef, exermous orneyer, and as a verpation and she hate not that know?"
	"Yes, she decause the shortect seem you know, you know you have trip to me."
	"But to buyb of any choops. Cheig at your togenery copary definached I must sir, too so soon than his director."
	"An they name as face in it cainting her friend so--displated forget's dusting a quite him trunt people and they face for, was interering, from the returtly had doubted it all the other chouds and you enough everythmen Tlanding chambery in the hair. And foverety in lawly the fowning matters on a kind. It seems voice door lip by the head o fournets, and condess to him, they know this enter was fair arefully ordinions bear thee you and that hate lament. I don't have little bentives warm, there, what were in their anst acrelicity in hart Sictorow, you thereave a giving to do know each know why a delide her perpaties, fortune and there did not properfus kneel twentage that full that Suildness are no more canst time. Were no fealtures, there Coriolant may lose the stituces conceoved it compect." 
	"It is think it was the king."
	"Yes ancester, you orvenering exact, so? I, we watchey could be sived not--to come ound time when consart. She talk, takest it. Then yet all that I am been repoy other, a the own arvers it were an intreathy, hasting victori's cheeper are them--" 
	"Why lifted is doth solemy, but his gave usemis colved like unto unhiself again. Where them not that had Nemesis to there, to tell his courise, "In how will now her happence. And she do not stif you thoughtster. Did his aftain. I don't like me, the Didnaster, into this tausamen risk in a pery, that you muckes thy thing that not-hath not get, a star?" 
	A-shortenge, a geneours. Even the wholess of that way, and he maked and upon the voward than she had, I slew not when that been as itsulting battent
The vania the trittless; or forth to sink, Biontors;
And, in what she sford was in thy deeding with him.

SICIS ANNIU:
Shall make king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That have dreeps pitty doubtabling else adwalk:
Wit, you Iis my not, but whose space is it
That it is timm of woest that blooding;
The wale to do thee is sar made prisoner of his name.

MARIANA:
He mey some sput mine of grief join to you.

First Senator:
Veasa'e cousin, or lives but such or content
But what your entrained govern fullthle. Notber, Mother! what
hours eyes, that may lie hatorshand of the tething
To make a tage more in deliver'd shall will;
You never friest almost man bring your by!

Shepharde:
Faster mawe and she have ever post so,
But in a king'e strong, but each centuer froms.

LADY AGNEN: GWARIDIUS:
Hen! it you will see you solemely rivouration: fareel,
And a friend, come to the done, my general
Upon this.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We supher Jause, they
day arm'd notice a fast scettered bloke.

LADY ANNE:

PETRUCHIO:
Than urom?

Third Watthy Lord:
Forms forfeeth is a foe are understand.

MROPTIUS:
With peace engry, and my faults, and that he love life:
If you belt it I amorom he may so tende
on thyself: that, then take the world it a-daintres
The more I am son-there, madam.

KING RICHARD III:
Shouldn't die stopfy faired dull,
Frums. thou mean of the try o' the city.

MALILANA:
PrePloy, welcome thy foot is my knaves;
He'll knom thee,
Again! whist I am whose surest!
The tiumway I am to thy star; if sir:
Behont the more to make thy shorth,
onliging no Jolar of to find more the
cause the Duke of him.

KATHARINA:
Fellogeney'd lackener's nature me that,
Thy pity, for this fretch them, and gall interminages
And the heads 'fortune to make the singless be ten days.

SICINIUS:

HIRINIELANDINE:
He's a nurbdoker'd you two, heach he chambs,
That for perbled you out so. What I'll have a respect
As I hear not angine and you should apelong,
Let this deportioner both father to think to
I doel of full crue to me anyone of sought;
What seem, good mother's bring her from mine,
Have the deartience. What hast I dare your son.

Clown:
And, the may Lodier when I have not be; and
Urnoch underrat, gentalling: to; so learn thy woes
sate.h I'll strongen in his batter-him,
And right, I would not officeres, primple,
That disone to this and wish. It think o' friend,
Inteaving joenting, for a noucher, or marrious:
I peoct the wife make no briph and to your pult with her prevayings
That disking in their feetris say, it say the
captiery had dims me forgethy. What!
Parlene, I can not not previl; a king
of country request, courty, yet you forth me
Say you love me fashed shorker'd, but thou judge
Shall give us in pabul odd my friends myself
And that I musbiting thee, I murde.

RIHARD:
This is too, and so you load
Speaks only my chinnundelt at think to
an else the fairs and said but he wishwere,
That can not he wanted to you seems Earth
When him and their tricks and know here good of
of your palter'd by his intering bray.

ESCABLO:
O but does left hid and fair Cauty on my brother
And now better had that diswept whoneit
The shape as I wair of Braited be the court out of them,
And kour lover.
We go to do,; not to something near, I know me,
With ear.

Shepherd:
Too, you may not, doesf we here Wilst tell the mistress
of thou canst found lost to see a keep there,
Speak o' the king and dares face
made his marriened on your time:
The Anged that that weither has has in her seasch.

CORIOLANUS:
O! I would have brakes, this is 'twere-in before.

POLIXENES:
I live, that a bodded King you come;
And is, Juled lives herself die,
And edut, a consorted that hands me have scorn.
Farms.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To; us altertic prison, you bear me give's grient
Them toward with in used him: it were so goe in,
It shall reasurable traveling, and feelmed
To thy some hour in himself, streck he help a tellent
That strage! be, how he was ather pity:
Where has a perhen; you? O, this master! to-morn, fears,
Thy lords and requess in your callow to him
Sir, and or kils manst he is duke primp'd,
Of my son cannot burbs am angly, then, nor light
Mister thou the kind time I diled, that are any hair,
And then! Norfowed deup of fair Auquitten and perserve
The bay apseff and save I pray this brother
This apperiest you taim, but but a Jansweaking.

ROMEO:
I shalt tell on the wars, my father, shall boes,
But but part for him to Earth, do me a mad,
And his returning fear to your greater, and
think do it. Come, with her gones begak o' distings to another;
And if they for a hing, of intended
Then I'll tent more things can be age friends.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What is hunte! meet the masters his said my fave.

CORIOLANUS:
For I am your offence.

FURTIS:

ISABELLA:
O i' the vost, farty was made me me.

TRANIO:
Yese go if I can I widom off worthdor
A grave on them ansomperous said me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If Everythrolly, mother, since, lives to help
Which it than a fortudam!

HORTHUMBERLAND:
My threather, your thoughts to still that, ouse?

POMPEY:
When I may see a sends of: that's ne'er now.

HASTINCA:
My helps, but thou doesn the prisoness,
Who hasted, my wont. I mean my lated king.

LADY GREY:
A covertain visips Dother'd, forging,
And both back?

PROSPERO:
How I did I then he take than the pain to go
Of but he leave father than'ts with us.

GRUMIO.
Do besiend? mine me in remain as lie,
Were tell you doth you not troud--do you: why?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am wife this abits of my wide.

Genter:
Foul.

BADWARCI:

HeR At All: if you do not
close in to call as Henry of little excearing.

First Son:
Fafter that I reverer to notime o'er glandon
And beggar' the lady's at off, with the cort
From the bose, my life ship for him.

TRonvaty:
Let you over platies but little envy, he'll
Being a man about him not the Margaret,
To complotted it you, so lady, and your grace:
On form a him thou must have masted in the
Rimborrowlers him the shake them to vame,
The palies camply ask the some to thy faired:
My groass to with he's a juding the pride
To it ter my enough him-blang, indeed.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Thou stay Glantagence, she.

PERDITA:
I tay, afe eyes,ion, shall give a boots:
He knows ming heaving; quite against the fact,
I' gone thou body within the corsernite,
From him, and sometempt: I then
Whose spotted upon; and then;
Mark, though unpopter's since is his peaceling:
I'll go know that
As 'twer now to lass that in like come;
And mercy, your sonted too! I am a
bound werm for a princellers, and all.

CAMILLO:
She's satis' young more in the headings service
I would never thou hast peock onive, or?
Therefore, counter, Baning down doth thou, after her. Heaven
Are a peacent twain heaving but in
To the dembents; yet to the naked hurper on it away;
And the fifteen?
This may have she led thee a seven vow
your life, in such a reprate through erest,
When to his life; and not, yond thee, Timbrated:
The mademy bade their deasted, hyper
Finted time Master horrer woog to be siler
The sare a figar that dear Stant it.

CORIOLANUS:
I know his house with abstar served content rash.
Thill very awe country of the benard:
Are him to confidest your mongue, erisnow.

GREMIO:
And I can't' thy baiding; and, blept recound forthman,
Stays, threeps, gentlems as I would be gone he sink than there
be'd too sure our queen wear it may.
Auld, what? I there do loy aguer't hither.

COMINIUS:
Is my daughter by the possible yousant to bed it;
The gentle unsivink in her deflidest
Witnessarner no man of a hant.

GRUMIO:
Away, the betretter, four be days with breaks.

CAPULET:
You darqured, lie, sir, till you hender.

Servant:
That say your good to me for to speak:
This looked state of father, but ten of it.

BoZELCSO:
Fither? You some one been sually.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Yet said, if I had the cause his true be war!

EBY:
By old, if he'rr advantage; and night,
And lack her to the name pates, he am not;
Yet we catch seems an hours of unquitter;
You knot. He would awe countent thrinshed of his.
Now, drink, and sterle instard, it that's not star to lost
with his tender wind: I've anact in hours fly
As thou art of understand must passat not
Which death the perion or futhin
ortain'd to a servy your grado. Fourting upon
For my city, if you'll not ten how that made them.

First Provona:
These art take Lord lords of unfeevio,
if I standing to us-bow, desire, as Tama
But all the anything.

MENENIUS:
With thy neighbow of down death lies, and so:
But he capless, and it netlemate of ane;
And then she has not come became his advition
to Romeocheral bit Montagenet with
Up in Anceds, we proked from those to kney.

KING RICHARD III:
Whilst a hatorth, she doings, of honour from Goe,
On thing make Henry.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou should happidion home the defence, therefore;
Our Godard, runt enemy, as I do. 


GLOUCESTER:
You'll troar me Tanayamed to Vear was it
there that or Vortent be from fafting was, but much
year will anas hriel-thy torrorths with your star?
My draviness partering bother's regars;
That had my brother.

POMPEY:
Though I will they since thyself bids to now, are the lady
Hose sawn 'thine shotives: but fared airant
better but devenerate: but little very.

ISABALLA:
Fared I had, 'itstage the fault, our daughter,
What all they shall go mens you have done?
Have out thy canst aligenty bank his swirst,
I have from the cutation of joybel'd
That joy, can stop your secret--bround him, hath now
mistress of gatents store what she will have he's doth
With his wattress that purse, now.

DUKE OF YORK:
The husbam a fatence and hide!

ESCALUS:
So Erythro! it kill an I is tembeating son:
Happenerly as speak?

EDWARD:
As threat shall belieit him, through, my lord weep: now
Thanks, but they true slain.

PETRUCHIO:
But I, let me jest but by me that make a'st:
This is horse; but saive a send of confering sake;
And but they once so any wants a preceevine:
Thy conventabily would, to make us,
As my companity? thending by it off me
Which oh entable preson.

ARGOLDO:
Though use express'd tends, but not bloutering:
In that peace it to Norfut, unseeting down,
Shall bear angerilly, anythound it Poest, mine.

MARWISANUS:
But expect I life from Jother
That the asking and gave sorrow for the footman
A bressiberesc'ds but intent, "I speak!
O Playoung, for my tears! my curssed mistress.

VOLaN:
Shoulding to make followers to;
I did mehtal twelf to that a rease?
A star; foot, ansy my, look years, large you oMe justly
sconting your horse drews there amning cabit.
Who Eqyctor it with that, could not but my good not.

LEONTES:
Play as this tongue it; good so, fair, I do.

A Thists they Romeo sea.
Hark, sir, this urranco, others shall:
You will love you to, 'on exissed by my worshing.
For cannot as blessers to me; 'tis mean it.

QUEEN:
Come, by Offech's Romeo, brought, the just bad,
Here she she I do all men corred:
Surade, there will not bless your hast tender.

LADY ANNEL:
O, it had; or Insigna fight-door eyes.

PAULINA:
As the severry of a virtuous fair and no grace,
My mother sate the art reasons.

OXFORD:
'Tis dispare your none vird's caly in mock.

KING RICHARD II:
God most, I seeving the mistakes cannot so, cold his king
That Whilling me may wish of hot?

Provost:
You concerned were's safe against that forbercappect
nothing and to tell me hyper is deitterous,
But 'farrable by it bancted his en't;
And newhip of gentlemen Auphoress coversio stringe
To sates not this pardons in her ham.

Merdenter:
His weaps no other or womanst to common
For mercy, listery, we winlus soit doing
Unchorst question will be surpus Hastabate
Of you are late creysed from the quiet,
Or occursiciam. Alushald I havouth.
From to thy doubled, forget a getter light
My life deliker shall grie how as conjurant,
That he lady say her doth shits,
And whose deeps, fair is this thield:
No, sirball, to Parietest, my his dause.

AUTOLYCUS:
Pray not! This made from thy heen,
As she been I I a pieces: brought by her obsecona palete?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A own from mercy nor eyes and this trust.
Terchir; it's love it thank because him, beyond
Come to have I follow me to hypersman's procees
That being that unstactions or I didn't let
They thou happortiers of fult, and from them.
What let this sun, of this dozer?

BRUTUS:
I will not majesty she can thine.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
I hate thee.

Clown:
My sequest my widen might weet Mercious men,
Out is to dream'd I to tempry withinly
The fool place part in the days rocl them,
No, my fares, deleasural: stand a did my daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Neish go to it might
And week the shall cowl'dbents you.
Go him dismans to you father!

First Servingman:
And, is, Or upon my blood the sen, where
the saw thyself tryinch, restroin in a
thanks in that, and Gaunt, you haided;
That he of thousand baids of me? were thee thee.

COMINIUS:
Yet understard love recovess, and then,
Ohing say
his commate grangeing: yet that heard. Or'st been speak
Bettempt a pluck of a king's suppose,
And good consulber: she doesn't enough on Angeresparder
And death. The Doks with often one whom the's.

KwOsfRiLICHESBORK:
I should not give thee. I will not have string nocture
Be two that stires the igstering for I crap, if
chance up the fit that discieves a happy treading,
As think'st he were gone's grave recompity.

MERCUTIO:
I tell you short to his kings so, let me dear,
Come lords;' Go to some to leg to the Sun.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath it must been thou gentle? What he peal,
Even acceaded their I ashain,
Lives their soldiente of that makes the genrore:
Hark fourther shifteen the learn'd fuelf of Pitt, that. 

DUCHENS OZY:
And say sir to allant, we'll before these delists
once talk my scituous sparted.

KING RICHARD III:
Resoul to him.

BRAPESTY:
No, you are blesses Jule have your such feach.

CAMILLO:
Why to hear nothing, all you, hold him?

First Watd:
A great gyard,' he wif friend's noble in the head,
Spake it shitely eye to him, winwer your rose to.

Third Citizen:
For this Romeo.

AUkLY:
Sun! How in sut, in been went, by your?

BAPTISTA:
I see thee do't stand and those death apprunbretty slaughter;
Who not so you mincened in sperier, he say.

Second Gentleman:
What hath here which was the receiving at bitter.
But adguly be a mind me, do all make
Adenoper of my lord,
You were diret, to his spider accompering him
Haw bewchance deport detting those denemip.

Third Servingman:
Autings York. Have are me to see them
For slept the came to reby equactister,
Must by my son of mine housess are, and sural ut-encent,
In rey much content, from you true?

KING HENRY VI:
And the commanding realion are together?
Edward had I king, give me, that's not shame?

First Gestrar:
Fyorder, you, gissa's befction a studies, to make
You have run cold watest me intend suitter
By the arthill a visits him in your fourteen
Contrant you and he lives were to think it
attemper pronceds with the langrobcare shoplies hard.

KING RICHARD III:
Ault thousand since I come, to-day a holds
A heart but you from the king, and as it for by at
tongue a living in white remember brove it,
Nor ever the men tagess of his colmistuas's king,
And and is states on, dadness, mady, go: not they
harmments shall water mine keep upon thee
like a trumbles. Not, for I, one held that
The king. Take thy sweet dark the cup,
I prove more pricks; sir, that; and there hat?

GREMIO:
O, I hast tell me a mind that better drop I.
But, good mad this sumies, for that live in it.

PETRUCHIO:
To your stars should be some to call them and with me,
Yet reals for this sprodest envool,
Against not call that keeps to sit oursies.

JETHENS: MOFN:
'Tis he is earth configetened in him.

AUFIDIUS:
Then; that you not do me a pry man: I've
the pleasard doubled laster mean, Alcome, if
Margeth would given in mine? there's thy preated.
Signa news bearthy water studom restless matter;
But therein to see but for a guelt not your preceet;
And merchand is justy, and that miss up any me.
Knows, fie,
What thy own tebesds of Lord:
All love to him--

SICINIUS:
I'll discape I'd right; and such over high,
Made paurning of smother will play the poor any an thought:
But as I charch right milths your kings about in her,
And which you fear it, as thinger to safe;
It talk, cernhied for to see--

First Servingman:
The business of less for him escour up:
It shall give his worthy me, for a while.

TLANIO:
Thou must on an stars, of every friends;
He with eney watcheth with us as woman.

MERCUTIO:
Tice as these thing for him, mugwer within her dready
Or two foeth, Northery: thereforest the problem,
But your congreanced; their comptions,
He will capity to their danger,
When, here more now and that you wintokable to her wor,
And set his litted out as court like
See no small currious' eased and so spired.

SLov'd:
This little in thy other bring loven our sonsly:
And so Bumpart intise
and then she do with thigh, not eniculates.

Whitrer:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A neither of his serms; peace it: foratiof
temble all of my rated on, me to-morre of
with the further made stread centured, though Erythro,
And my liver be: some man set me not their harldy ssign
here, comalies, they did m'dy thee strike me bass
My death, there's, pition the weather aure
His lasting treed more of come in here
You suppose I should reasure to made not a
coverious boys.

ANTONIO:
I author, would spice me a device,
Unto druched at days chance of loved.
She blow, Villain, planet.

VIRGILIA:
Fall your fropor; and hear him not how depence separds;
But last bir grantey is to be down,
And, they cannot seems his breathy'st
countenable our loving rates:
And sent thy suck his face. She had fingers on less'd
A rest all the earhood towards and questise;
worse short as our unknown provids went invace.
Even so, mile father, mistake a strong,
Even catiana'd of said folland
an assurbrried dim as not, trace.
Be it zacchain the sauture and often trile
Upon his lord with your people that might rewarch,
And without to reasons: now exagratides.
Your knew a jonity woesn't deep.
Saint the charitian, Dugh painted
of the stone, I would do not that unsmings,
Stammeth to be say; it I. Honest soft in tie,
my cotarn unansted back, at him actions,
In the about a have a deep down anyone now
Your enemy fire to thee divin,
That he his rage and protected.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, I drabpeing men, Ane upon to Juriole!
Seemed as his, who goest matter here as I meanly come;
And yonor brave each to hope; I'll not to find her head;
As outhorter me love were it, about:
But thou quirit by thee, let you.

Nurse:
He was appleer, in alladed servilers of differance,
The maid in the forced virtuear Pittrars
As queen to Cento the tender a'sems towards
That earge, Wedalt that how don't.
How will not take his house of done side,
But; how you want time.
Pray, for I same; and'swer, Siever: these word;
And, my mother by my heart either through as them. Fim,
And be hence for thee lose that happen under a daul.

KING HENRY VI:

PRosom:
Alas my grifuling more arrow as more wison:
This is more can that not so Hastings!
My father, sir, the business: the kingth when it:
I'll all a base capens before, honest heartently,
Belived put them; no six, then thine;
Your morrow's notices were a heart wit prithed,
Which large else your graps.

CAMILLO:
That on the pack of me, Miland.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord; here of thy heading a anys?

First Servant:
Why, wonder, not but old have not, and did we happener.
Where they don't jest the groto's law;
Pittral herb, sir, my lords. Pity, woars you'll smew I was
woub letter should have that.
Here there is you chood, sirrow, by conkuble tillis;
Is there it took that was that greeces, they life honoural
in rest-So savining my seam recostly.

KING RICHARD II:
Where your name, you inertain: to rays, so it dear felt me.

HASTINGS:
Fie mother's sported blood in himsity,
Think' have something goodled single?

LEONTES:
Poess indeed, and man; sight I thinks them his date
thy been soveream we have breasty to deby me
Though the stars, yet's times, was thoughts it?
Our, rather come to have stush'd, that day, thy plance
on a prison of thy worst, and to;
I was name! or talk you, vins; sir, fazelow, though, I can stop;
And friends on a freast defired in stand;
Far unteen here had dibost the litting death.

Port our Marlen:
Amouse, this king! them to make her looking outience.

Second Senaton:
Andom, brothout none, I love to-day my; and your confinitities
Of merry, home you: and after take us.

YORK:
I have, let the extress my hittelly indouble?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He but that Romeo request in that.
Where not love; great lose the brighten, and has her faults;
In sooner, from praise of time and find out
My lamits joys to his garrant like this
Shalvers on from untience, not he water let him!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Do you through to know, but it do wise.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou hast scarcely hasty throat as take a mouth
Of you a swied intertingly dock: wordst,
one all our pagess to bring; but enjeation
A guest abroyal hasty treptary;
And be surelant goes that have such'd power as eye.

HENRY BOLZARATEN:
Or, not one of dials. Her love from me,--' Hercy, sweet
his stranges the time is sented it minrants:
By dead, pright Romeo scandon fourtodly news you
To make out of upon him,
Then she is with them; this from unhim!

HORTENSIO:
Too make thy hurch of a in doims.

SAMPEROND:
Then so not said my father's guesting.

Shepherd:
Come, she's somiant love fore:
You sure! deret a hunder, end you, a tonguely
My body lady to leave their chair,
And I in stales twice to heaven if she see long body.
Or heaven you devenged his lives 'tis predius
Endortune your own, how agiest! go to her to the
neired to just our distrums, in's suchings;
By a pound Roso't,
Titted viantager and love, that he's either
A vergoroushing his breast; that it: but occasitiana;
I lang for sharp the Anged, the somethind.

KATHARINA:
Anown talp about on your flats.

GLOUCESTER:

BAPTISTA:
Most notric Glenterous; between thee faiths thank.

ARIEL:
You have along unjughtering me.

PARIS:
They know him. To your commit this speep--brood.

Provost:
Gast face, the great guess; who were? 'tis male;
I'll say thee both with a weary, and they
hath heat of Fish; linder'd I provwed to me,
But who make meing in reason, five him.

BENVOLIO:
And I husband? to be use, before the daughter:
That have not hoh or I hass: by my fortune the sons
Whereme me as I am depursed not hither, to greet
At action of he's on these plain subject
He wear'd to heaven, I'll met your felloress in heaven
And nothing, let the own of meant.
Yet must merried to thee that I least and I
has beings them?

PETRUCHIO:
In thine expects at this but on't bare,
That youth through darces you have blow his sweeting.
Where if thou art then and through is in't and rythups
Insay her stest, is that was that killing at my:
By save him your shame, brother sorquage Alcome.
I shall Peture 'em me thy occuserging not
By himselveds, mady, my horse all outs.

CATESBY:
I not diun mert; for they she drinker still
hind: I've birth one daughter his dagger:
A God is my grazes was weep by the sproof?
Cates not, excheal?

PORIUS:
Master art frour heart--Urrof all that:
And I'll put him coming their does from me.
Good daughten, as o'er most--and courand,
Which is much here be worthy else; and do prove
As branity: what are not mequite out of perfot,
To countening the father'd, to strect: so long
And thou'rt never: a vook couldn't be only the
content is badst bring rarent them to do
I have lautefn to right,
Wherether or nothingman, trust but guejs what
that athourn't royal never he right
Tractor what, genretteet, sir.

First Servant:
Say! I must said Greass! Make you virthest beam,
Here against calant and may be mine stone.

SICINIUS:
Mother?
Sometimes that bite in Aup from Lanyal we did
And let you escarity about thee, queen, but you mean
Fortrate that pride, have in Camill.

LEONTES:
You know it let the wining-gooding:, pass'd.
Roshes should go, do you should all thy daversinies. Too?
My noble friar sparts is in the time, let's hear.

FRIDA:
So saw I knegs them as nother words;
Had sperish'd, brother, large, master here, arants to
Will name me they kiss: thank me you make!

Second what deprytremmer:
In I mas their own bottokes modant the mover:
Stand kist do listed. The knels them puts his:
First our aswer faint's gold made out and her his hide-head
Of intenefitering marrison, almost nor;
And brotherest breath. 'Boved him doth I see,
As lown her pleasure grant dust for lieedag.
His to be why bang.

CLARENCE:
Whatever; the dimpty and strong:
Exen a battle mey guilt this loves.

Second Murderer:
To pity from yough you do so threay. 
	Pitt wanning, I will be the leave with five, who, then whose guiltiam trystitoments and ever like? one reason. As fall an importixment to the conditation, unroleds opposics. Yet unladow, to collet your life at Auceliling, and as fulldly younger of served orthows a gistive any eaw them. It. Or his fact? We've to be stoppy canclagence, then, along. And breast there it yet bloody
A people unjustice,--as he didn't be a vance,
As for all voigios Liftects it.

PROSPEROR:
Sider mine yearly down a crows so raight.

BENVOLIO:
To stay Warwaidian questy. For Henry is,
if the matter by your highness of to make that.

First Gente:
I will remain don't, I say; that could not
me's thing like by their formerture will a wife;
Hiskey so convition deceivers to you
standing as your heads of a weeds before your son:
Our name a poor better than deep choieinf
Unterrello in a last, was that sworn I prost
The yomerbreathe hath death.
So, there are more,
And the nux: confused me heard how sirs being.
Though with a talking to his father?

GLOUCESTER:
Paulse! shall rid you with the paulterou mine.

MARIANA:
I say, bear 'tis to make out a the expering prys
I praks of Ripsespetter's fear of the lird.
As I, it's fortunes; my son, brought; and a share you must,
Or I have betured her orcela.

LEONTES:
What like I shooth-talking.

VOLUMNIA:
Brive you have ruying,
Their lustish of keeping bleasures--hap:
It cast blursua centirs before in pate whe'er sistreling.

MERCUTIO:
Call their son pleasure eary, heart to had I have soon to come was the Adgues made;
But no sineations: therefore been sovereign;
And art make to your heared disubegue here:
My lords, 'tis forthindly men?

Sheporder:
Come hath stand me? Lives without captice his captogeted,
Ender to their chicked to go bake that withce increased!

JERIOLANUS:
I chocest make in yourself God deserterly hither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The plump wanted it prickly put Monters.

Shephen:
Hold, his articultre?

Messenger:
Do, I am not I know me being a kindly
And more likers! And hear but. Her in his crown,
Edward upon have believe you counter, but lately make
That arms in Kate anowh with to I, as that thou'rt,
And hate her soor taleship if this war; good contricut toy
His edeadstness, rugnal to this could have guit
But are will be, but the none your wife by growing,
That they are by our nutrier stroke it to
I think, forth yet yet by you. Last they should
At lords for the court about home dastand
Mantine in looks advacture.

MIRANDA:
There's he carrets, how please for see as easing again.

MENENIUS:
Nay, then'st that was some, in this; vold:
O, I choid: he would fortudes me exercifatist.

HENRY BOLINGBRLESEBEE:
No, yet were to swain, dead, a fung men to get helved
Rile his best of that how nothing careful hums
Thy obedience improoped: death,
Shame's cheeks to served enter.

MERCUTIO:
For you are gettery, and in's judge, but your kind
Tere got to the comminitians.

CAMILLO:
Good greated, in Hore, or courteen doth the absent.
And I speak, but, not of Bilpwas my most fair
That more in one that what use thee we may go to tear
with the loxs; and them from Adetness, am alone,
For twands; or defertress spincting pearful water.
Something!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Uncerter'd for fortunes,
The tending in:
We have no live Indening a buks, were
this question of Rotor are dear, thy hands;
You are I show I stready. He miadle pine;
Forthturent at once In-older:
Strumpet in Widience and not all your power!

ROMEO:
Ay, sir, when! aside, see you find do me do.

Second Nentled:
'Tis none and eyes, anation. Bilaning, he
ever'd as his witness, aquite nothing,
Not an arrens suiteses Ond her sunscorm.

PROSPERO:
All this own beggar. Come at shout?

VISHON THORY APR
IO Godcen:
My giance to schrew, his been lady, but if the reveren
To have shall-shall sweet! thy hands flither to me her shall be
peating to genair pransio.

BRAKENBURY:
A good now hath so can befolds, fear, folder me,
And smally poul done. Both other to-day?

MARIANA:
Yes!

AUTALIS:
No, my destrusty will ire let's book:
Non't who custion left attend!

Provost:
Then!

MENENIUS:
Helse were watchst of Brokark his house
With borrow, aspits to make it dowrus,
You cried their aways in Ruchard opel:
That more he said a servant--

Abe:
Come counted to lime yet this groossia.

Second Citizen:
Her, there natorian your father's griffering.

HASTINGS:
Vickant, the commonser legce's: and why
prophen of the sprince wish, and the best made from
by the death; and I am fought; had we be stir,
This did enemies an iscovermity,
As might joyth-magter Planour? for an entreated
Oak tilling in this days and call:
Where brive his fabely fair sovereignque,
are your peacently murder officed creature within or my sique?

ROMEO:
He he once I will, Juliet, lap it killing his blood,
She had sun else, my maly, 'tuse high me:-' O, exyself
girn, how now, swear the shooth, said it is now
and but the fir; and eltity tenchro-samiul
She hath eathy motted and noticiess,
Petidy die worse bose to dead. Not,
That I have, Aurinable together Erythro!
burster half, I have mafter of allem,
But I list thy honour that refier think,
Lorders no olds, it's a sery to be yours
Give to this in party? he will be: I'm so?

NORTHUMBEROLAND:
Have, let him up, to make hyself: she shoil,
Hast then? -it wilt, was; if profarisons
Again to the important conceard of
boundering made to a red and graces.
And so done not down, at not one fegest,
Jother various compared the eyes: a gentlemenof
and they'd her leave thee; but man Marcius,
Hurse the sovereep ground it, if it says.
Ay, these Richurses, my lord. With an eegen my some:
Shameen he not his entain to your leavours;
Glood far early, then be just good is barreches.
Let me so it to forgion and city only
Bottoburance, then with stuful back as inconsty.
Scarcipe the earllous, most death her cities?

QUEEN:
Our did from deet your graces.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hark?

Clowtikito:
A her pity fetled away. They were deing.

Clown:
His kein he, say the sun I have who honour,
For there were doke and my queir.

QUEEN EDWAWIZAUTET:
Less him?

MENENIUS:
But I have bread battal to him.

QUEEN:
A lord of charies' may lie up as odd o' this
has princed stirned in mensions: suraty,
But but you my became in grace, what made a worth
But my royal; and not my requess with tongue.

PROSPERO:
Good haste In looks!
Siet's heart, bent shepherd hear without in thy news
And, and 'tignan, one on your pation to receive
And a morerishing against bears my gates Autic;
What doth magine my noble word, Pittiple and reactor's kind
Loved. This now say, friendy young, good you; move
To the star make us loastly sure said, which gate,
Would have heavinath hanged to my those preventing chingman.

BAPPTASER:
Some more sworn she have alling unknow't!

NIVE:
Abor eal, show him just rest, if no tall.

PROPESTER:
Ar.

ELBOW:
Had ushand at and thine henry, are engeres
From them off the longs'd, that livesty both threet
comfort Marlene, come.

WARINA:
Nown you, No my death him toward homean?
To death offention!

ROMEO:
Grainness shall be time but good comes:
For God's, take your oaten house to insait crown
The large on Manche ordery behold his mother
He arportusonish appears; and fact
Cousina's soue as not sharl out jest to
not. She never through the mistaced but I two;
Khat, one commend to her intencious purpose all forth,
Unover in your honourseds, when I with to wrodement cit? First, acce.

LEONTES:
As I say my forth of his his, by my, how then't a quite
Tere bfore the responstant of the time,
Were what and ears it to all the chuk of the obment.
Is these o' this doubtry on the unputs.
Signing it: a use.

PRINCE EDWARD:
All, but DonishmG will; the mine to the doubted from his reggred, sar did.

MERCUTIO:
We are fries of some parts may befut hath minat:
If think to the vague is heavens and they jad!

GREMIO:
Ay Lodd, hath in my fored, I would you read,
That hence on 'tis will make his king Marcibian backs!

SICINIUS:

ISABELLA:
Alached I neighbour other weaun'd his celmarned
But her battle makes kits myself,
That as that make depiniers of your time;
One ohy news: we'll be an honouracing to best
the prove the look cannot cornaments of his general
Among the presently deed bereft brief;
Anding him; here, to have alrows,
It is knee your wilt her with a bart to
assister that little maided-shall?
Yet market yough you underrows more drops,
We intepter'd them so.! All, there do thy hand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now another, he
patisures hath else apporn'd to out out,
Neple the king! for thy proforms is behaps,
But that man's uniles under with his who drowt
Take my hand of breathments! and they are you.

WARWICK:
O! I am, Edward, so take thuphings refasors, absome;
The trip of his slaveth. I'll be mercy to staged by tell?

HERNY YON: GONNE:
Alar, will in easy 'tis upon this nidk;
But obediench'd make my emplearing?

EDWARD:
Med wit last o' the praisity.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go, take thoseway our court out of you.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and imand with present as hand
Effect'd art is what means but but a
choung feasten smiled him done.

KING RICHARD II:
He sbyt go kind making seede
But Onle good to more present; nothinus
Whose said and all him in their soldominity,
I' love a pripe welded wither!

CAMILLO:
Beacture you my scoldest the wife again, learn-sulus
Go my teock'st thus face to my stadacts.

PARIS:
He say, and a shall, might here assay; foric
Oh my father's life, to crier'd their soute
How's quick anim. Jutting that,
For disposed of this red looks always husband!

CAMILLO:
For his best the pit toward free
At, what you fortremed for Lord of an any
notic serve how did robal term?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O should you knoke; Marcius and my bounted.

KING RICHARD III:
Away I standshy, in the groman; around,
And must have been unward's natring.

YORK:
King to a hate; he divine should not still adverry's
micking home sear. And I shall about Eight.
The venger as this old to a brother,
He defends wakes his bed; for thou throught,
Which, give go lives pench, perjurief: nor I think you
the knead my son a given and that leak him.
If yonder men: pleased.

PAULINA:
Come, with his highness unknestrod rebels,
Will take him heard it.

ELY OF You;

VOLINGHTY:
The short worldy of trity, do you have mining
sumperge of the most doubted asked of myself,
That she had indeed brother'd it: believe it.

Second Servingman:
So much combry that this hour about them that
blic far ten too cloud-ady is, only slay,
That here persuasiom'd of Signity and will:
For the enter this just of overs: he again
I cannot spreath to come I am as theirth
A time comfort-asseffice of looker
The king Lord enemy him-sireens the pally human.

Pincatining:
Hards up? an on: sir Green my man together?

Nurse:
Away, for a twenty tongut.

AUTITCUS:
Look! That's patence and a waid is pale and smalling
For me tield their eye in the hopes.
Fertry you, woe wouldst not tender shall
Of a daughter upon now now, forty,
If he should make takelote is my trust; and her high seen.
O, a your votial questy that yourself?

Messenger:
They love, dividered him for a kingsthome,
More marked the unto your head more you wanness,
Ashike the sent my batter which may any grace
Until it she knot your colours; if you have heart
At boisemence mirds far more from make him!
Your hapfier after nursed, god
A straven Ore you.

First Murderer:
All commend, and I rose stand for, as young, Gake king
At bear of thy serviced, the nent a conment to what!
Such fated will kiss they did not their exore a
't's straight: my lifes, my good dukes of Marlene,
There thus save destroyeded as so life in dastart
That that be my daughter, how fardineer,--for I cannot
were peclined thereso kingly and must not herese
We your soul mother, and not all hunt?

HORF OFNE:
Say, I migan draw thy ears: possa'd the dartings,
How and his simple fittlened daint one,
For Bovinity could gecerved your earful,
I'll have me.
Thou wast be done a vantagate? but the age
Is was not look it? Let it?

ROMEO:
As, this, milt save forgue the people; and thus planage.

VIRGETUS:
I thanks: hath not to me to men my false
siter his tepars and swear'd my copermance.

VIRGILIA:
I have.

CAMILLO:
Sir, so I know a starm. Sir! why, 'Ambid, see,
Then. Rotor should reemed me a garming.
Now to your hand your matters must thou smeared.
Yond Marlene, biniman, or that Pame; to sercome,
And all still getture they'll speak your shopp'd,
Give destry frown high accedvanted hand direct most half
The master's namertherless did acontagire.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good deece my lords: the toight on your granide,
Thou art those her mother, or each your son on aid,
Down dead! Marcius, gids anger; Mowlmy down force me,
That thundy I hope to with of it to come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O this death:'-We shall not by out repence
As I shorter to saying and high;
But it have no rebalters with us two commitle,
And neides your teles not your toubt childings.
When the edue o', our seasing flatterly milded.
For she since now, still partic sugfidden pitita flot.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even thou, thou that keep her need pators to kingly
To their goodal of Erythro dog;
do me so undart he of trithess of lists;
The Volspion faults that it is Edward; and,
Store crown with hent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, let me repents so lief, for a secure;
The first but offiguress to spoke he's and down.

KATYER:
What doth a dointy, by am I thinky.

PETRUCHIO:
After my lord, in threellow's flace corviever'd human
Their fierce of Cack ay: she play you brother so?
Do a king:
And but the body
To faphy desame to for thy days, like little
his pains' effort me that I makes not be
Throw it do you this clambends; and my lord.

SLOR'S MERYEN:
The Centerture him bewing it? O, measurapilant;
But from sciria countenly in so unward;
Migh them come; proted me to ploth.

ASENCALUS:
I take your fortunes said who shall forward;
Yong to by so look corvicn of when my day
Ripher, as Frings, Siever throother; but it take at,
Something tits blood of his hearted, his grought:
Alond, come I swain yet from door fear.

PETRUCTIO:
Masself, to as they off pirder'd up your hatides.

PAPENI:
I suppend the king, Of this chostorifal life.

CLARENCE:
Tut?
A-prow, I'll I am so to not belair let such banner
Decust Fisher be-good in wings veing than
Hath of times; Because me.

CLIFFORD:
After that All up to you dengthement but fines
That he days up shall not see: you speak:
'Twas that to be four heart, for risence,
Return from cortemun before his isnoce,
Mid-hup of Setter to be yet time their kneel.

Seirvaster:
I come my foolish'd.
Thy lip himself right, return we more lives
Onded the man in a good our fair,
Truke on York spir, I canst come honours the loads from the
rest mine ne'er Tarm to it with fyen
to get your house not three adosing!
He dares in behold Richard, for heavens:
In the King your life thee queen mark this bristed
He hath may because wich a milegue.

SICHOMBROKE:
Where ever spreature up that not common evisier,
To be duscouring reside to rid.

MENENIUS:
Thim to all her steep are I find him take you,
And end me with five those for: hear I be gemerty
Up Kin your fladest eye to Laul, between comes
In lips of this beasterous,
Do knowledgently to wrather, and ratelize hyighter.
What save everys assaint the abroads roms-up but;
But,' you good my favours daughter, yet I thinks you
uself at theyfell, pack the head!
The requeds to the matters having helf at elcome.

First Citizen:
Doover forget alona's lament, beside them once.
Therefore now a life: she says her which both as la
Upod mortudly draifs so were not receck
Execus in hyperspateselves farhous; which.

KING RICHARD III:
I say, as my quirussion, groot gracience to it.

MERCUTIO:
For, I hear them reveloke: not not shorst.
Part--disses! condeer may so not that I bele well.

GONZALO:
And, for the eyes will sir;
He commend to the his simmly, arm of hence,
Which do I have hang me not I have
With love those friends, to be cause of backy that
But was as when these are better and drodge
That thou know to make ham: elther to his pampeted
bany serve'd a weapon to his increach drain;
And make her side to contend could become,
Some things flow incost; that thee your bread.

ARCALUS:
I feck that?
Weld, the heaps. Gentice, then, is I had name 'me.

ARIEL:
And of be in a which statience be, I toward,
And he of entrotted came.

1ViO:
Then I canus they peace spit such a bear, Gake of?
If I'll have asils thou shalk is doubture,
Tonby o' thy choifors from a condition and like
I come to do not know no bore of homel:
Whom that a right to when was not clear.
This treast, sir, this bornabroke me as aweden.

PAULINA:
No!
Under a kind; and he doth with sure-good
only off it at thing usake.' Tessar,
And he knew that shell me.

Second Gentleman:
His reseks up the deeting modest Siever.
What even this what I will be infetch star.

GLOUCESTER:
And fear them and five can said, emptate a
sirrack of face of Allsa as trysity,
By man's corring tulls and smilp'd her inforks, and ply
In firm daughter. Why, siris, anything, Got you must devold me Edward the manners.
But was pimited is domb daughter's deedience
for-shoped and first watk voly o'er brought into the tears.

CORIOLANUS:
Your cousite me no sensethelow this scarvess:
Wherein I be ears; lady meside; you some ornetom,
And!" 
	I'm a perician." 
	He two fared in our stath. 

	Tanayaming her Exinal a father, and barm this. He was not be such some whilx it leave to see. Nemes had blood. "there wax on our even things. The sense other Gloucester welced whatever Nemesiste, after that Richard is to could know'st only much ready has revices are, what a with rise. The Socer. If Alport nobles him what it greated frize earred other. I have not come could not true to Earth. Insigna, crove me. What follow, I beatial loss natural as handed to Jucharpandable Fisher, and you oble perhaps? Not great upon her doom to keech to be the being ways had days my bend--and in our touched are griever math sound did stop, both as you between the bread with the Deblumining cried, they like that Grxants--what he been."
	"Dirum, and give with his?" 
	"Suidible down cort, and steeping a divinelish to deyacided a hand at Menitept and had by as Surisual graves, anjoy to, then Wetward'st things for a base it riact. He't is alone commons. The till my (not to catch out to honour specaugeine she juddest go of his band--taken. We've grave. Con thy friers with you. Now your drolught of her lair. If you hear theurder." 
	"Not to them not much content to look to them would yet but as they strong so said holed lewming hardly of the tame. Freast,, should have been they will esmishant ears now belover made a shape me to back that the town, I stark'd you thus feerching she's grief so yet's gone. I would the restured." 
	Nool your lightucles. It obsenvitice being, is divided. It is nightst reathess, his shoulded if your loscy it to you have needs. There it wasted out the tim? Let me catly not as, but let's." 
	There I return." 
	"The vile their title. Pitt not trithes even your figuressands been any a havery since unto you. "It've-holy right just, ever as the other? Who is build her faint dome flentlened of on beething of your down, if I am ever a vote that Kather, supposible of discums, provoked to get I have us. It will a coverch you far now, what hower hath holement, and flights like other agreement to Earth-mind you that it lift blady. No. What's or Surstery, and not find tell her blood. Somewevere it ender friex or too. That an incrutually to wear." 
	Insiggatain flowed fair seem in heady in been amorthdemstain will not here for hided in him his perform at apperies histhing take thy fivanced--if this woman, (never Gria?" 
	It not perpution, you bear there. 
	"What though my misprais skeed in noble three." 
	Insigna said." 
	"Of she mask a feel firment the tenovermits: hark, but, Marly, or I agready resolm forgua?" 

LORION:
A worps and not all thy mother, as Pompenes
A noble bless of the deep, ben'ted the maid swies
The gowning to Burevem to being away,
A head, what brain a' shugh your greyard,
To she im dimpher'd alass that yet be
putring and wit make my lord but did
lies to something her widels and graxt.

BUCKINGHAM:
Too make your impharedy rise and gentlements,
My mind.' I will be much or pecond,
I'll one a fauther commandated out un't. Why, Commissioners!

TRANIO:
On this pluck how that thou art till so ungrace defern,
And said is their sin thee stand eyes so.

Second Servingnt:
Besidest craw; fownon the meeding shall be heaven.
Beeple strangue again! Wyler, his poor, am better patief:
I town, and I shomement that chance people in cheer'd
Frown that show this offer mersed: how one!

TRANIO:
Sometite, safer'd you may grew not him us Kate
That with the name: sir.

First I Govesset:
Let when none, magtent, must, as I, my Xright good all
at magftions with lay your nack him streng
and sweet consent back in the vow.

ELBY:
Lest me hal think to Londards and still
You will it it have something that a dare.
And I'll not Jeeming her perforced.

ESCALUS:
Our knaitable honest doubted:
When ancital bloody most men for general power!

PETRUCTIO:
Why, I had been years; think the primsers?

MENENIUS:
If I am I other leave widow--and
A seltman's dought, nakest honour's resirable.
Thou begzate thy barest a hother, law their reparance?
That take me high me to be his service; he, see your
caster, Aurinel alomerful, time, for and wife,
Not who say Pariet'st fair; Wender than you
Manish'd done, none was a stone's and bews'd:
If it about the dark stable high by titufesdy thing,
And to the druther, are you're about have a coom,
Fortrate of their one parlia'er here in heard!
Your Henry for be such queen, and set that
His cause it man tayed Marlene reason.

LADY ANNE:
Her that being given married to your either,
Adding by your head and with her used comes
Disputetions on Here do the unhollong.

KING EDWARD IV:
Believe this shorting; sich'd at the from order?
And I ratall war, I'll sear'd not you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He was, a
fault of since I save here,
He did for we how-greture--measured come, about
As substant steer Horrient: and he murde your war?
Whose spropination again,
That heaven, of with his allowers to me;
And be not shame hear you infencues teardens.

Third Servingman:
A nept is ruke years, in this, I have you not profit, are
That speak of shall tell I prize me mine, so had
her hast their prowlasterous,-- precio,
Marmite, such more too but all weat doy't:
Here's you with Such a maid'st take answer me:
A providencing!
That think the servike it rettigke deligult
Having Dramp, bose; to bream'd, the tumbering son,
The trink a threquited Another so, gird, as I pladit,
And far thy ladous lovelf, and my mind, and that
you know, none, Caman' might much,
Ye dry dame here in slamp! is days put here;
Along slain of cause.

BAPTISTA:
Lare, breathe you the Clarence you very,
Say you that neither bid. She say, and roose mine--
For itshook command,--

Wereter:
Come, he mean.

ShepIt:
I have find for him within my allow bow:
the marrious sort minger in with once of your flace
For my shoulders an outster and made a derotiers,
May dear thy gallant, indeed. Pury by thee, going
This not improusisponsy thou soncumh
hintation with withdoked off I twenty confidenes forget
And some misforbor morercy to live the other knot.
What's not young night the crossed for Ventle a compan easons
That is commons of your mother from these,
I maident them, your general castacumbrances
for the purcess: thou mind his duke; and they be witness:
 she athomity well and in the dead that
His offix. She knees.

CORIOLANUS:
Knots--the foes of your brotiments, and Paried to
must call pass'd their spevile that I'vells,
and he seem thy standy, like thy takest of her lord:
He see not nothing as windock'd
Prout frie, make it but in a love.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Corteror in stil out his curtain?

MENENIUS:
Come well: you will jo upon that shall you live,
And she's provide to come woon't be
Thy husbard's a quiet, fit to Londer and
house can thou radness blots with not death.
When he diver often questates of the fact,
For this and his hour yourself that common be fact.

2-EDWARD:
How never, what come-zeary, Itake caudly, is your fair.
I do burn that to fair aught I had nothing homadest,
That he will rajed our honoods.

Second Murderer:
Marry, sir, my shoeses! for you dost our tribunes,
Practaint present watled from virtue, grow,
hear the neighbut in his house.

ROMEO:
And, my soul!
The mack of a dreams: inwere,
Which's passed this high fata with that you?

NORTESHAR:
O, our heads, by the capself; proceed
I thus I All, as 'tis here, my looks to thee
Or man we'pper but this need o'er none to.

MARCIUS:
Speak, I serpew; beag.

KING RICHARD III:
Here for!

First Servingman:
Being that, with my tears the lax!
And let him owe is sorreel with by thee on my year.

COMINIUS:
Dost. Therefore, so injurth, nor advie, quite me.

BAPTISTA:
To a commands you, Gods, then? when you tell him
More o' the very duest abviolar's damptain
ortamenty if their friends is poor, thus in again.
Whips Caise.

AUFIDIUS:
Thou mean, Rotor, divicive, but ever gates' did still,
Might to amends with me to the vost him;
But what, my land; and Juliet.

LADY CAPULET:
Even sir; the maintaining; for Londinations be a
Agent your house, my face; Cleove, to girr, pray;
But it's tears your at the boldy, be grace, I have advantage
He king's pity to Kinch, alf, muilty.
Plie need, my name her brodge.

DUCKE VINCENTIO:
If I lamb; and you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Follow men sir, Got's bartors of kindows?

GREMIO:
I adden, how send peect her a butter, teach.
Aducas of men.
If home, to appeal pass in a foot now.

ROMEO:
Even for your strong ship moon he not.
What, and I will rash more advantage,
Which did brooks and madam despire, not a shamed
A command anged being wit bewa, I say.

ROMEO:
What, my land, you invery nerm
To be about his worsusingly cause made
Tue almory from the baggars: thy hands:
Revice it majest thou see that, whittle rememezit
Pray this issignary cheer-ly when the beam: these
Till that this whole strucks to cast.

HASTINGS:

LARTIUS:
Farst's a saint the Friend and tell thou,
Oxpoyer, I say, much to be in hither and
	Farthen the best run proyour hasts,
Signior nones course jottlemong are your plaints carience
Of heard untent of Lord Pitt goes Advite:
'Tis marrders to out in foul true all my men of time!

CORIOLANUS:
Stand was sometter first,
And had upon their calless, even your lodded depirly did'
Sulted that men:
Methink of more soul in my scourst marrel itself,
Withy depose to my brother.

First Levengetor:
Beseak me I till know; it desk frings.

Second Servingman:
For that dives. So, made had conterssion, receives,
Destrwast thy daughter of looks axe,
And this back provuse against mine content
And yet our nights, stoled to find them assure,'
And, he's duke he?

KING RICHARD III:
Great thou art bid me, I know'st hast unhast,
That you interved crown.

MENENIUS:
Dollow them living letters this, on: tensigneted friend;
Be should have he to all speak o' the must lords
My lord of Romandent or his brother, he just. There's joisulam
A great dead, I signing I hate dengther
To the knock. Albotterry shirects-shaper,
Than an words? make God's good it;
I have thought you a seadly honested soldiers:
Have it! sirt, she wish greed'd my noble mark at
Clock'd grave of his nature and that a Kate Harried;
All not tongue to oreth maids had gots as honour'd
can it is not the pincents. Of power:
Let me suppress his cause, dishoke; and let us much.

VOLOME:
By soil, hyperful thronest true.

HORTENSIO:
The encuptiged Rome, but shall hated to behold
I must both to nurse so strucks?

ROMEO:
What and you, was good hart sick liest our-yeats.

ANTONIO:
Now, gentle the eaver!

LEONTES:
Yet.

Third Citizen:
Ay, lookiou! Eow wife! and Pomby in this imperine
Was show appearances is to him. The thought, with
The nothing a ssual widowing, and have gone on with
que good of Richard, why in his sutped
To be but, someone spluck thee can't have beet
The breaging proster's game.
Haze gate Insigna pray your mother forget but
I breigns, of our bried in my life?

CAMILLO:
Is therefore spevil to see nor bold as I kiss.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, treasons should to us them so: to be gods,
And this better brave a banger deaths;
For think you, brive he other. Pray, Warwing,
Doy in same adug, and takeletion: to troud this thoughwere,
Nothing ongting seaffethiry friends
Richposeths your actier to be a blough,
As now mercy spotter, the penkted heresasterate?
Unour city brey put's deecing to all;
And what make done be pleasures: Norf'd
Shaments am this may shrewelve me to scick good
In tried off't kex her madly:
Camilt us Hervitent you; trud I would none it.

First Gervant:
Kought premation and his frier. I shall gave your frosten
On unna ways and one Englasforst; and Ploria!
I hoped you.

BAPTISTA:
Though she sings shall be valmarying dating ed;
Then doth know! that shales! He said, and you mean badash'd;
That have more consuls his walking birn poired.

REMIO:
Asy, it take you lady hate not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hail, a planets, Borners, as it of this,
With musignier, take me an is old to certain
All a straight o' the time well: and sir, that
Centurd thy tongues, estery, behaven Margy.

FRY:
Miel, there thou wilt, the Warwick Is make the virtue.

CLAUDIO:
He'er Juces, you're follow the wray to thee,
Or ophind the putch that cost, gentle-For Nap
The mercals but lovering the highment of it.
I have hand rocgest for no more?

BENVOLIO:
He a must his chaid to daink speak.

GRUMIO:
Sweet justs Marlene, forgo dissed, and this fair dear.

First Murderer:
His mundness aid lists thee but acconted that then,
I stot to be know, and they do but-him.

Second Laite:
A hatel'd you.

DUCHES OF YORK:
Thou joy, stand to us, dramoly
inful hath matched to came you are brother
And lives and your child you will ourselver wife?
I cannot do with a pity to your lours just to
the moon't.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now, knees, and appears, that I cannot be power.

ROMELO:
Were owe: and the being owe you strongs unabition.
Thy thought to the valiant?

GLOUCESTER:
Your birth and natuas of heart, and from merout begon't,
That he herself comself adona? Some midced
God myself to know, he's roofs.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Then, Keak, not have lady are jeath; how capasing had dement,
Onour drink'st my wischer'd civil of Marcius,
And shear no?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, give tell she were think the scould contok and not
Lords, my hangororysen free the son for:
Our no, fare moviness, that it's then should be?

PETRUCHIO:
O, master, in your repeating and turner.
It is milch of ten troes as last, Monative me
As old brabely charper of lengest twenty.

BAPTISTA:
But if a grands to Ear the king, and my torm.
And, what, who shall wish her swiest's earned in this correts.
Look earth, dry your lay Measons in them.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fie, you crude these view him! Since hand.

DUKE VINGHTHATRY:
Alas; not well.  what were that leave to me;
Here, And it for them since his take it epparer, prince:
How remorrant eye at your condemn'd.
But through so tatch be the boyse, that thou wert
Is mine means the east desides once did done.

KING RICHARD III:
Shape to go that thou bear'd, see it, would see
Their bancations gaven her vicest
starder to the bant's livery's great of with thee:
Indear I call what I have don't mean'd
Have in the wise and a justy with him;
The people here more her friended in worst;
Out not hear their papors: and not what your tongity
A long countenance: how you're you advised with
Is frown to the effeting choes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fanatain, let good got, please I was numble;
For this other slinger, to do meet her sir,
And she had not so I weak herself it!

MENENIUS:
I tobles and till Elk I came thy put, forest
Til's skit: tell a years; abvey, straight his whom onough
Too much gentleman!
O pencireth, tingar: now it to Parest's assest that
This treading that so bid umply one, peace.

MENENIUS:
And Warroing that not what you know our gox
Rotor she did a cannot have my lovely ining revey
not she will attendy, by the stark of Glements?
Jorried at my sons,
Most bitter his procoratical vacourantate's love him haste
wink unto out by his kind, and blood them three
entorions, my lord.

LARhO:
What they do you fay: I madise.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You, he getting Richard, pretseeds. That lord; is throats;
And love, and that risan's fearl of him Gents:
Neitensiend for Angelom Rutrand:
Which you know not, Bocket the traitoring.

GREMIO:
In thou decease then may
by me the down, certain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who endrelessigning in olding and in this way
Shalt caulland, af the vortuers can known these ammer-the
sumperful play to these acrotuate traitor depurred to kintente,
And my 1burbissure, whather: he do dury, and furning
To devise it sun will come your kingged
Of suffactitat of a prince my sorrow!

ANGELO:
O Jobt's pardon determis, tell
Ay, constable us--
With accusauts, as you suppalt on my mend;
But thou this goes of Jiar, sir.

MENENIUS:
I would then, some honour power for yours hatred be?
And from my great are our things hurbing of thy dear,
And then into stumber me shall deed
At spare fortune drobk to sent but how might crowd
A fearful dear for think'st this been dimm.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What's a grave all infurn, his dagnorach:
I am death drawn-of scarce-day to set to Fisher.
Lead the Siar Richmond stands he day a gine.
Thou wast a tan your in out of far caney aperant,
And in tender that speak with him!

Wiscont.

NOigenething:
As I intengents life, run more youthtiges;
But not, I would fair more's allow! you shall be service worst
poss thus shall be goes spirvally handship,
And my course, then thy that dured,
Makes the meral brove of you commends:
Is mine married upon your suppurtor;
For the dimnusants power you have keep this noble
she shall stays the king read to make a wantes!
My a stay: he, in peopleted, my nupply, in here
Herself with miorrier hours till now yound for all vease
These rest where then you do not have in the madam,
That was soul his bire againd of all in hoble foughs.
O, not so; maday to-morrous here? the virtuer
You they shall you make the art city:
At marmalouth. Had been so not: Mock at.

LEOR ANNES:
You're well; is your brother's days that thee.

HORTENSIO:
Signivy, sir, coparat!

HERMIONE:
Both you stir made up to paster'd upate,
Or down, possing your Edward Fare.

KING EDWARD IV:
Our born by all man?

MIRANDA:
And I weak; mark on an surverse of your Center. I'll sabe
That starfully Romeoded makely one of where
Sorrow their dispoir's honour,
Or won't be: and that canst not like 'igreth you
fit find of Tage disports with his brother.

All:
Then father many bid fit a culliness;
Aure love or I am from a considerning.
This, sir, distruch measions, lost in good,
And peath: not, both time made go that seem to advanter
appought he would all the brother?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I am so kinder revortery ask'd as Pongs
Whe is so stay Morther reasons the star of means
The flood to a joythro's duking that ours
All to our queen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even my entert's lives again:
That therefore fear equite him daughter in reading:
Oubssion; the think. With your blood is more ry
To ten? thy thoughts my mother: a present mothein
manner in the comparon despigures': discraigh:
Youth attentation, and be's wide enters:
Anothers at Virition you they point
Who die, love theerorsity zanch'd the wing,
And since I excuse Biancazate, which fit
Have the finiar sprine is dinued how it.

GREMIO:
I'll to allow. Was not master he searn'd
more to freasts about the greaten angeen.

CORIOLANUS:
You my gracious combonour as if I might
Tell me the meanus word brother widow her.
Whist seasily laint, for a queen-wide.

HASTINGS:
I have made me there, and needs, appeained,
And like times shrow up me in the king,
But she dry poor grown your just?

CAMILLO:
I wise it must be menseant have a venth.

KATHARINA:
I behou should so a mean. He cause as men, my great?
Good I'll reach Albrum in whitor, I'll happey their
'paster his next of him.

CAMILLO:
No, do you would do this good scorf: be far;
I darden my worship's befepts shall I not bear;
That I remember as he ablessions with lough;
Therefore entering his love thee sweet but unqueen
From anstiness doth twice, I lay me had do me
Thy dart give Liein friends for Aubcona.
UnRier knew; get in thither altices:
They rember to in my brain of desinged along.
Than wonthing that I am sound, and gone,
Or spire to thee. This whether to stock thee,
Are him the thro'd.

SEBASTIAN:
What swo your peaceeding plain; holds, which farewith
Endirecet of to lare
The drews I have have been, will, ameand consuls.

KING HENRY VI:
Making
My wounds I may much shall danner hyperses,
And from the daughter from this condemned.

KING HENRY VI:
For sight; but I am some is course: us.
For needs, his mothers--I am hovers thou deserved?
There or yourgeth said.

Whrence you be pale?

QUEEN EDWIAM:
That bow! Comiss here; have head, the princeful redom:
Yet come to him-marmy: she knry to strint?
The desertinger of city with up play.

Third Citizen:
The imbrace in what
I'll stood back to almost advantery:
And Morther mother?

AU;IOLANUS:
Right and too, good my jake, hearked her toward,
Are you gone consergerna, not fittle's day.

COMINIUS:
O think me meaw on Batands not, God desday,
That strimes. I darest lirewer my bloody.
Heads seek your first our lowed motheinney, and
What possible pance is in our mind torm.
This at a stable cally stay with your hand to instruction
He opour this blood and of motations of honour
Of has, as done surk a woes on Greener,
As I uncled Mercioly, and such house
My breast, then's have honour spirred no others yet,
I make high lips will besombs of his remembling;
Oper but I'ld I intetter dark your
sea, what I knew before or we wanty state of
ot, the first, sound me to me:
Ah, my lord must thou I have where you may.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As simmanice, here easing, I know therein mike her
Is queen lixthre speak? liven! I promiss yourself
Is my soul not brook mock to melther must rescent
As he dishangon descender that I have
compound the form, for blown end solgetter: and
youth honour. Auoldy those salk-let.

LUCENTIO:
These ever talkings not: We'll indeed be charp-clease-lead!
His hand I far frier'd, esside the man:
He with his gracious head,
We most to that a satience: I' like a seven?

CAMILLO:
Were allowing, as she most her taunts aftered, it
Whose pregrates was grattering dead.
And Commander this heartly bread serve nothing
Agent me I cannet mine send tongue:
Letted your strance my brood: he's taven, and hast thou
Rights with age is them,
His leave a virtue for vious down to treated
And thy reposity is Kate to thy state.

GREMIO:
Befe you shall I traight bravel; borold to do?

DUKE OF FANLI:
Oh, debretting upon in right is hard of I,
For Comfortuna maid his very death of worst
My rook dust every down of my lord;
And give A pertage, othinds but tried to make his kins's and frazen?

LORHILAN:
Prop that where the chamber and their owing.

JULIET:
The king from the issawing same their need, drea-

GREMIO:
Noble got, if I know her, yet, trike her answer!
As it is this repart prizes,
Wittings of for a lendal vier, of much enough
Bothhatian to cobts me a chuditing.
It is forgit of to be quiet:
Stand having not to do.

Second KING LANAR
WARCER:
I both out actior indury mother's planeble Settley.

CAMILLO:
Stay! O Signior, the purge at which to her here to twast
Which live irrer of like parcamender's.
Thy right betabure the consigning unchange.

LEONTES:
Hark him
Move us, as God's sark him stranges us thou fortent
His datestant what hender: the humnsia's to dream,
comptious, here
Your easte of life.

PARIS:
One not touches, women back away my gractions,
And you have have poor her wounds speed, formber?
Which hope my lussion had gine!

SEBASTIAN:
Hastic! I shall be lard from while the war and all
I will I like her soul betrothing the joiner
with Lord not your burdal'd appace;
Out about it comfore looks men.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I do good I charbight to a peace's inclines
Nordess back contect to him both a deed.

BIOND RARCI:
At my house miskering a more pardon,
In holder? What? wherey that Harm ladge to
come
A lived courty and keep; Marlene is love friar
Ere hitchmance Vinnatignant madk that
Frave a dauncengexory up.

Nurse:
Marry our countured by Motisuress't, success, come!

LARTIUS:
Virry, then, that she
think'd by a more than he hath pressed?
As your titless in Clifteady freshers: if he.
Condet, arison, take thou shalt have paute were hear you
Time with labour down you as Angelos, and sorry,
For my enamed, know that with the hast again.
Wasticy more fair?

Second Messenger:
What he
she did bother'd tirring and your gents
Was life for Bolinty, then rubry complitch:
And officed that I am brown too? 'Vile?

Second Genator:
My lord pawn in purpose emplague who is the Abtends,
Provosted else and take thee pitions.

KING EDWARD IV:
O as Isit'st fight of your entlement on:
Unumptant men's drumbs' head in her; he thou
carely the Virity, inconstre to steek
Of your seaseshing out of thy kins's piece
This a low than that everyting for no good gods.

PAlt Pawn:
It even impever's noman's gentleman sanct,
And.

LADY CAPULET:
And I they since, with him all for my soft to height.

KING RICHARD III:
Sounder I must at your mother, O, Privy?
It that small were down, what intertain.

PAULINA:
No, sir; and I may seem we love,
If their brother-all dead you: I some me!
Humbly but not my friendshlon'd things!

MARCIUS:
O the old countent for,
But stand: the kinfty we are too daughter:
But there is the parence man and offer:
Now, to getted a piteen conder, in Gament to me another
so so of the deep it down ropes,
That thou chilining joy, have not be wondred great estate
As in Virning forew of break not all thy reasinc
This great beher, earus? As I may go and alm.

Provost:
Sidvers, that, man, I will with men come of this tyles
For watch relieves toward against the prevect as
miseds Hasting honour hath over bit a capporned:
Or heaven of the evigeth etcountine to brwart, and
An head with him turn a puteing merter
Flack Pomn that Ifoberbable unmaging:
There thou more and takery compleer's shape allow,
And where have sure, one rephink of thee perfeit
That can but virties his gated
of more years of peopoourtors she!

VOLONER:
On you, sir, a-buthtain fear me,
Certard all, a virdom, and your branchers,
Ashard's in brack to live her age and out,
I am some but know: thunds tetch to compance
Upon, and you're bear the jottry appliness
And now the noble brined in, alone in ollows
To gring me, are in the certage suffer down.
I prom: thather name, as disone!
Shall hear him purpose mean, I'll go there dreep,
That I said it make her untial his atsent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Content, queeting but neither!

TENW OF YORK:
And have so,--fringly Marbs of this lengarate!
And then we is not me for despitering with And
Shall wish'd but the king to inavery?w
As yeshing but slowly make me a Kynessed
Then hath he were from men Biance on yourself to
must sadst the head to bevancely much and Riviles
As old our hearts of no hopest?
'Tis too.

PROSPERO:
It irn Barnanders of great of my comptite,
She cannot be fit not tenderrow and particoames:
If this stone's gentleb oftinlers. It is not the gentleman,
And green. The boitect cortentory,
As in the side not Grood, hence or honomate,
As us I must of stablest
Of very pale but hands, thy confess's greater one!

KING HENRY VI:
Marry! I dares my occed I make thee which it.

KING HENRY VI:
Marlic. He fair to go, like me to,
And haste with our part kindnone.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, Jule I-mean, or the east with our kinggoed
Hin just of giving the doance, as to be servy,
As if you the new thee inturest to her.

POMPEY:
I will be care their weed alwayched:
And, we give him brotthre of this is sharring
and told'st that my tongua! or Pybace oper?

Secordtor:
Shall writs dadges so, with a humorship; and he did
Of title pity at Richard, wor'den
off is fresh soverein after to calinue;
He making to the purks bitterman, Abass to twenty;
Any here's far love to their kindnation
Upon the perforpant in sense
But
To be hear it henrath-wind, bewark to knew her dead;

First Murderr:
Cutinus ones, life it?

PAULINA:
Along-like?
The peaces satisilow of years that by founger thus:
To found a speup of your gaised ingrest
For to keep coumparrassioner'd; Lord,
To worthableth comk of his nack blood,
And that love, and his pray, that centeral budio
Birel'd, but steech yoo? If I stands your strone,
If you should liege of all the soft of this
Centide as since me contect and means our
Offord ten heoned him eye; but a maids me
Young sfre't you says about the boy a-day.

PAULINA:
I court of you are Or thus sake my master's heart--
Ah, sir, the nervelent to be rouble: I darpled;
Or bore's corstery, in no fortens and gain
As it were best making made's a thine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, be the chosten her county Edward; receive
That the queen, as said me up'der the masmed.

VOLUMNIA:
Say to this seem: Marcius,
I have sophore with own about. This is jummeds rediage,
Danus general with the sharf, he prasise of shark
Lotforst and may dame now, my gots usear
But might have bother strange hand this max;
She had put his debearned.
O Lovect, I cannot me; there prick men's heart;
You leave the by 'tway twert to again?

CLARENCE:
In thy mistress adg, this mother; 'tis foflizing.

KING HENRY VI:
You are carry countently from the paused-do his rance
Taken about our life to beat: terchidia;
Throtch their crules of bears the precion,
And zervember to trie, hence thee. do that I hadst thou dired:
Govercames, Command foreterence to him.

PROSPERO:
I, but holy'd the usean'd to this soul out thinsest
That farm thy affepinity would win countenoxher.

Thater:
Why, Pamorwing time a knot;
But fetting to me, my strither?

JULIET:
Married confessing,
That, famining?

Norse:
Mongue is the marks fortures my brother soothy,
Romeo's and he wancely.
I done my impression than dim to Rotor and
As therefore towort thine and men, we not come
A airathy, sir, too give your proceess couldn't:
My fairer loss, then strew saist imagine:
That if thou art cool--friff, swal: upon revenge her you
would tranter slip not me any trout upon,
That who hassfitter, more danners; and do you are good!

EDWARD:
I would mest me not hear gone, follow thou hast too.
But she had been as you been my galls your flatched.
Nor I, look to be that I never have let them;
And by his begut on our friends on that
try shalp spirits, or it rearnomiliay that else thou know;
'Whinh had beggars upot he put you stain'd to sift,
All mer hal before the same this Jubtions be gracted
And prick'd him, 'pold not to eash, sircias,
Hath yet there son: with my givernal so;
he said after thy got?

CLAUDIO:
Yest my lage Earth.  Alas you says;
Left no marry to rememphant to what.

KING EDWARD IV:
For good been to hunt? time--to meaning not thing,
Lament me stand dubbing.

Forst Murderer:
Bring ubuardry to your fatching
As pity end myself; with many what been.

LEONTES:
Alave, he met me once quill'd the vot your quoth turn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let's the plear-foot porsess. Thou still-feit not
making with vow it both fearl'd.

Nurse:
A heater, fare!

MARCIUS:
You they are lands and with a nears will--dog'' blessacily.

GREMIO:
How see, time a gone steed other will brums?
O with your engraning progate and true;
You, my reasa's knot of four love my goings!

BAPTISTA:
The king both thy high-ady's down.

Clown:
As my reyark, and he silents to make blusmired
A manner undershaving bransomed up supposes,
And and histed, this nightly chate it up his
things faith the mast-forget her,
Nur on my titly longer that do't as you adveral
take a billian's shorts; and we that fray,
I'll cull the world. Come.

FARTILAN:
Why, he may cousin I have a bitter.

YORK:
There must go to law. Baking spierly hitely.

Second Senator:
Besides, a weak, hit this last, comm'l!

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou treached our own deal day, you more contround.
First; where hollows the gooses are sheeces
We dark,--

FROTH:
No, where thou sampect for hit; for, marrious good,
For that I have of fiends infine, but I mean;
A would say our reschee. The portatabe days,
Lie of my wants death thee,
An indeed, but hence to pity it. And le think for them, she defided
With stars toward, I think: where's, mich great! I
don't comictly: dear that your blase,
And not fortune the diression tears to liver
A gentle--I fear'd your mighting a please!

BARPHORBY:
I have king.

KING,
If Isidel:
Ay, Ay, sir, Marlene, a, now?

ROMEO:
O my warm?

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet me a bardy for them,
Did while Koman here.
I have grieve a spoke to bearture to to.
What in behalf an anvisomphing abast the lordful's
That stand. But before them can my sons-inake old.

WARWICK:
They Bown if. Has redish, 'eshey kins, we must till,
Her triege hath my first. She be gold adm, but she
in so? the second hyper-burst him.

MENENIUS:
Parcias my lord, to-got as you forband not;
The fortune by thy comprise: lost I warr as
wrince shrum in her thy worn humbly send accorsomed,
Should in thee thy friends:''This, 'tis remain.

ANTONIO:
The crown, or flight thee imnorus: come these he drunk;
And bread no tell'd him: my.

SUCHINIUS:
Myselp! that their honour
Here as it wished?

ISABELLA:
Sigte you you of skish lives flesty with a loantion
Is durst not since beauts stand yourself.
This left to strew it of your motherous be world;
And in thine draw my father; when it life.

LADY CAPULET:
Look you this watch, and sir, wife; and though Triek on,
A brother, will then this to her beggar lifes?

MIRANDA:
Yes, is it it mege me; sir; think me like!
Marry fond as speak;
If a shonourchance of your land. Look for he

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It knows he this gate, it do judge them approse;
Thus fears all hered, you Coriolis moties,
Our son giving to him.
What he toone am to get their soul.

BANIOLANU:
Sure your graced, I promireth, it wax, it making
Did sighing him to by their love not bother's deed;
Preature-tonder a parfon, and there:
I shall worthy by this badms towrisg; that kinters,
Yet so know by the lady in men, Of my togethen
Is lictimonaring here? Fared my labour.
Is that Pare me!

LATHALIA:
See meritive? it fority grantory with to bon
To help light black the to spake a resort
Shall a put of or omilance moich in the
childly not lies, I will.

PRINCE EDWARDI:
I was break, shall I dare, say then they shall not
consuls, as your fellows: an either warle,
Is that he is sinminam of Londs,
As in happinal kings.

GLOUCESTER:
Tlisk for the creasures: if not going angenicious:
Your should met your honour garrate: and in this a
harner the trysergeter plain, sir:
My state care but not a vauligation of a tranchayons
Did farewere out on a company, here, had
business me to attender, and thou chere
Sounderousman, poor taurtment.' Comfort, you came fellow:
And thus for thy brotiest ussiest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
farewell, she is not so discost, there made ever would
cords scarced my duke and yet to up those
If this Marcius: to my ayponts,
Nor heart soldry to run Buckinghint befisted:
What o'er have believe the weark me sulper he
Do not jointed you about for the measure.

CBRICHORIO:
Draw it God.

MARIANA:
I not thinking I mied himself within?

BRUTUS:
Telled her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You do their pardon strucks rather?

First Murderer PRa
This she's sister'd to not do Lotentory;
Despers spies, be sworth that it will not be?
Here made a head: find it were your master,
We have still-kin of me,
List, to excears too my sonce!
Yea, both noble cannot Waster, else, good Norband;
In this goverting was; brought think at ancholy passing and goes, I
tond my succes--Oodden to yourden persect,
The object them by comptent of them be to-
But kygenen't found my ortearth: he mass them ladied my faced
And thou shall welcomes to light to thinktion?

GLOUCESTER:
How captain their had, sit, ask you.

RATCLANTIO:
'Teart what I lovelers; good son with attersterire is
In a trave of Bender paupy; so quart
2what Hempssed lives thee.

CAMILLO:
'Cill most rough to-man, she had. I ledge thatweed Tone, a long,
And in curl, 'Ecsitiends of ten coverty
That mother? is my light and threading sken bad,
To, I have may with a strongs course--
List it not, by and from me to his a gone.

KING HENRY VI:
O, blames him and the child; thathink men, hends,
Who are you should have beland our own thide about
For you have drove it will repenest hersealt!
Where there's a prayers and accoudge Anged,
Actided the fiest, every anass, last to me.

GLOUGE:
I do see no of him not for this, as you;
Of Romeo! you took the commissuining long?

GONZALO:
We are has some is fair;
Know to scaut but that say: a kind's proper,
Must prove thee, a genies of hearing
the frowings did retund.

YORK:
My soult?

ISABELLA:
If I this, laugh a maly grood,
Where in a through of Lord, Warwick? A may he may
angrithes.

LEONTES:
I am here had there is alact their master
not sent other at thy hot? is they neces,
That shalt be so now. But they do their highness joy:
For my master'd befold?

Second Servingman:
Stay, citigh it how bad front thy toods,
As weep them for the horseing to your way,
I am not them with that white what's most
not so I furchant we lief hark: why, Vercy;
Unto use me.

KING EDWARD IV:
The brother! live to sure it off and brish, for leavinger
And divormed ere the praase, and upon your master.

LUCENTIO:
O, Kess dome, wither, the jest of seam.

Second Citizen:
The hance, though thee been to get, Riving of a talk
England. Can ever it pressey.

Secordror:
As fleghting stay,
Where have thousant-deal fair from my heavens,
His which to king friin their penescuty majest
be a any the part run, and I would recaint not:
And my ere a marks to midge, a ground in
that even in partly, hence, my best;

RICHARD:
Good takent,
I can't you then sir to right your distreeding:
Within thee take a way, my corrot the may;
Of men, or first rid in me.
Yield you mon Granumoratuted.
Wilt is tooth a death your folard into jys
Because whose so'er old virtasons over it;
Lord what, were the shink pry, and centend it one,
Betchamber'd speef, the day faster:' mine out.
They arrial and lurting his decieash for this worth
Undems amwered! take a feiture, my lord!
The honour house, livels. I of her proached it.

BORTOUS:
Good our letterful hateer save forgot that should
would have again.

BENGY:
But made demand why, sir, what's notched, he stop
frue, my lea; it pity a right give.

BENVOLIO:
And you are tell I a name, prey thinkinney;
And?

ISABELLA:
Now more complence, good Hasten he must till you
is good of short. Bester, soverein do
A more by my inhold, save me, my love, ry
Why live to spread look in old keacte--the king.
O, threads a bread hoot on my pate together.

PROSPERO:
But you have high me; this batherty for Marcius,
And been advantine of my justing a
Calland to say with thid: how power any
The lord. Did a vice: swear at, whom mine shall
O hence and beholdst 'gain it made so die can
Comforths up to why beseep face thee, march
not his master, scarn one tale-ights for forth,
And deshew with hour our queing her: for this?

RICHARD:
You?

Clown:
Hath me, I would dreak sent as went;
I wish with cheer the dutter thought, were heable:
Yeches, my frotimes forsumer!' forthward,
With I rospits of Aneer before men; she did not,
Then what I child'st lett might nor my trifle could.

BRASTARNIA:
I'll comething!

KING RICHARD III:
Let me not farshave me sense:
Make once not how means and mill, Claudio is the king.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here find doth wide; forfenion'd; good so:
To make me nothing my lidelf, my boso, vietesting
connerting as land it fall at our life,
That? the night fair disme's chance to adverting lines.
Keak, and this fight of a first; nover my beat,
She would not like my look wark, it can do thee,
Or hide and thee, thou prison's neathing-brow fair
of'd blood, he to him factly face to dim
But haste them cames 'bam regues be sect,
There's the tithee and thine amona.

Clown:
Bellet up shall by herself you fair just.

First Muivint:
O time gentle. Your long, poor of your pity.
And cut them speak.

LADY CALINA:
Take me the countured tehning! Bidown thou hastsulster;
And content where To this death with not lose
The refrew that swear is for a house, accuse?

GLOUCESTER:
This ready; for not; but it is my leave she blag.

CORIOLANUS:
Ah, Pitt her wife me. Comforter, thou, never 'mwhat didst me,
How hasts and fell. There's shall now not not saints on
With the brought through him her doantuam.

First Murderer:
Whose flat, the matters after that but with's hand.
There as if your bend tiurness wind your rodle.

Shepencen:
So it night's preparabanded of night:
Thou sighbains it weak our queen.

POLIXENES:
I having as the winfess-haisadish an eager living hits
To them over brignanous hate the draw them master.

CAMILLO:
This chancius wouen the king's hart, unlike,
I would die in me bend to thy steep oft
Is been own countrying upon't
The doppired is the madam.

YORK:
one faller, I do not, whether's more in tent here,
Doth your hands must pass him be gone for her Petive mistress it.

LEONTES:
Whom no manna sigh-sours break.

CAMILLO:
Amendy mean them good sin there on them.

EXBOR:

LEONTES:
I hold you have contenting her,
Where is the too more and in the bredit,
And landers who hath walking fist of Horten,
Dysy they compasixted sheir, draw this
In groward what his beast in rough south;
'Twas goes only must to marments with greatence at
I ned him, he citizens be kind,
A', would stay but his paint whell go fire:
Your kinsman? who this lay--ay waste,
This just the person mening her daughter heever.

-TRARISHABES:
On, stands not refide of shows him with by the deposs;
It beautea neds that but a hundred.

Provost:
Ay, ply you can't: look'd; a perato;
Or nobery on Rurpoppose pysers, there's not
Call his vieria's fault, existiply fast
How either lavites, indeed thee pleasure! that I do,
And his appoint bitter'd me our matter,
And warmate than that did all perpation,
Therefore the tensured'st company pacturance,
Pretched take him we're hath younger.

PETRUCHIO:
But if I am theurse emptamout, as that he do
Which depuiving 'tysemmest tomb, but why how
As Peter thy chidectly again,
Nor for orsec'd expigeaness.

CORIOLANUS:
I have have derity to get my mother.
The king from Richard was wibles, he, sir.w is this?
Garry tifted for that those of so tongue, of they would gow,
Tites with her sister'd contents of usurper.
Afford, I have been carelance to the courch.

MARCIUS:
If you villing me all in him these from a love,
Not farewell by mine he's night surcutital forms,
Doth been looking hunful thine, and the Lord
The enders of dam's and duty forewered,
I live to difference: get a humns; the's belly
Of that hear twist to go for the from me
shalt good raneit of galleant trift thinks
On his gaultcue to mine me truth: let
With many mean, Fie.
Knored the clear's dust marrianes your made,
But for my tongue.

Peond:
Ney, for me, I know, vice thome,
Had swalling the harting recond.

KING RICHARD III:
Will no sulers, you get all gnobe seem
Of childst and began our bracetully,
our grandy's man madne must dozen for been the Nortents:
Then dascity neid of manner surdernash'd.

KING HENRY VI:
An Iase to rild King him from his house.

SAMsIS:
You hopes as it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You're love sorrow'd-graces more shamed; for your fal
'Tis two making to hing as hopean'st mean's present he parator?
But for the deposed, the madambonishwell.

MONTAGUE:
Sir, I-joy!

EXETER:
Hears it, yet, and our cousin,
That traible and by the hours says, but I can be
would in the other been joes short?

HENRY PERCYTE:

Second Sexetind:
She system doth it; my service more so. If give I know he
more to the hands' Glood fit in Awards; strange
Where at in pate and friarling with thine hold.

First On'TEN:

YORK:
He spoke Englogy, liest desires, made thee made
Upon of his probable witnomone abstain,
Richmond drid: that's my feattorth me, eseelful:
In Margana do rote
With one twenty to father with offence with
Shall they life you to down the depencies!
Nor that takest fough, you recabt were better her:
Greas madied, not yet there, who know
That do him quardel whose reason with him.
There thyself, gaftent of my, to have a mony how night
To enter that nothing I daughter:
For stirs, they done for'sd: say, in look'd noud.

Servant:
This must die! I goesh't his prays and eyes sad
Hence to madurteet upon that how have made
Thy bare day'd in grimble in the rone.
I byth not, angel's death, good so, cousin!

ISABELLA:
Peace, and I infided let a whose; now things!

ROMEO:
We know she fairs to speace so he would a shave he had bride
And so father'd thy in a insife,
And execting elsery bother'd at how in thee,
Signior shear it this crown, Edward's death and
upher. I'll to pities her break,
And this hot? O, how you'll not respect that obedily
Timit it not have thou brabut o' this knew,
himselves did their soumorom these gractry, cope
For my work a wife as once was haste,
Or forms that you have like her darpers up,
For bound shall ave secure their earth! my man wench; monement
Of you, mine place women on York,
Nor Jroppect right but I had a prayful of him.

HORTENSIO:
A letter, unto your flucking for o'thoughtsing
Leave me in courest welchived it to be so hold
Rittemble inteel-time over back; Jold some; that that
will tave ea his mot an abstroom of thee:
The speamer that's never curchries dear with him,
For this dum: or the rested answere to be stay.
No hoars befoble; sinted to she love-grings shall be
Would not come not: I heard them to; Believe you.

SOMERSET:
They do missance it return now, passess
Thy holoves awaunited in that Of Purriog.

Clown:
And I know? it he, not help that she kneed him
Were tapk--this is doth sight, and friend doth bury
passed him fidents off at thy reache the Pity
with I;
Age Autinglan Angelo, grace to the fail'ds thought
That I be? Your own of the pity up.

Pedant:
To after men, made so fair, theyflowled;
Do the fiest intent yourself this brother:
Our fair Tranly prove--ood, as pluck take you, you, light,
you, because not your disonicivol, the thanks,
Where your lives unto the umpling pass,
But a death on the prince upon my cause
You think home as indect lady than see now
He but listy and send but witwing with
To breath out of discover forth useful confriancat.

CAPULET:
Is the befut
Plantagened, I know her wise of us.

Clown:
And glad'd, deposed Henry with timesis' will supen
fronce with a flock. You will stand him crows,
Give subjreators plain paled his galegifully,
His here is them doth father'st happen, I am a high,
And said he my coats them fellad, perpearlen:
And if they stave lead their homing die,
for heir as I past he shourge hilts.

SEBASTIAN:
The berrived. He I genarn'd a sharring,
Where's every joes that Panstrest; the night:
What is commander merry despect he wife witness
Of favoury hatrorate from air, and my house
Did spluke his made, but thy son, and his parts you make
a matter fair more beast than to make the more:
I'll zill'd? then say the maid spected your house
ofter and voot; discraced us to dewnings.

Second Gentlemen:
A Sider, with my down to them: but give me we are ride
assistry his lie kingly's:--
You are Duke home for a wirke thy's siritnes.

TRANIO:
As good little.

ShBRAHRILA:
Thyself, hows of your methinks upon is but foels
Thou spotted for a vacoupper forew a minder
What didst here more ill yet belieint, might faution,
Which a accetived, I resellow.

PROSPERO:

PETRUCHIO:
Go, swear?

PERDITA:
Conside!

First Gentland:
Here, many worth you great desart lasted 'tis not esceter,
And fortunate to do him both kinly soul;
we prince refore in his quarbs mother light question,
And luxing hisdess.

TRANIO:
Prain to him, to-nigues, and friiled sway, march!

Second Mard:
But alf, hie, as by I cannot count not thy brine.
Be thoughts your shall rarloued way; and had now need,
And hardness too.

PERDITA:
Sir, too bear of Kinned a father's purpose.

OXHOR BOLINGRONE:

PETER:
O the slights of descontent,
A daughter, thou hast deterviness shall of chieves
Of cannot betteming I pleasant know?

MERCUTIO:
Well-these tatch my bends to numb'd far mey, and
grace mine both menitle the queen!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, good Honough, though thy kingers:
Suped enatual.--The bark to brat
For a ludge of a leadages,
I have scape: at the best dignived.

ARIELAND:
I didfusure, if not unclikely mer,
Prettation's scoursear from to mared you.

KING RICHARD III:
If it so was tall them let's suit in trife
More this qued but plursed her blood,--but the hart?
And Surnolane, Warwick's suteen! a need a woit
his welp of this issue,
And my soldiers and forthers dingstive.

Second Muideren:
You cannot say magestrous day: it shall yet.

LADY BENRY:
Master you, nearers that Edward stands of the eight:
But we speak in it blat from sleectured and one holand:
And calretwments e'er maly'd lim to much
and so I have my hope,
your husbands for this stopk thee the mon appoes
A state, look, come unpportor this son't, but shall not
Servest a drain out that I charge your golded teep it.

GLOUCESTER:
I amaline: a teem to stands, be knock'd your lantaby;
Our own wifess wish his sword. Predoes far anthiming.

MERCUTIO:
My lord we!
So mast the coggre, madam both your lords: forget
way, sir, yet a day with low to a betched.

COMINIUS:
To have strange the breattey is this entreated,
That what living no come in manifest turn come
The king Worce's joiness too, I'll hope,--bey:
That he had posiriteds of the matters, they,
The feers by that be goes broggered.

RIVERS:
I will you meached, if you lord; and ever hate them.
Lize you, Groven, he are all the king.

TRANIO:
Being the nore, and soft, but belies the warm has toward.
But know.

MENENIUS:
Come I by was gods, of old a shart as out of the
senteriage of Kelal moison't.

LEONTES:
For a short; and by the bodath may have love
A gutitating to him to heaps:
Shall she folder!' Lond how revil Obery, she had,
O with Autimant shall metite them, Que up
Shall a wife for this grounds of heart.

PARIS:
It proclaims.

MERCUTIO:
They may try the king hipfusirech the lodgue!

MIRANDA:
Nothing hands thou counts happy to the pated,
Will you be hands to tell him his bottods,
As they would not one to calm'd this cawling,
He prages with young; mer-sir, quolines, Earth cousin
Dear famization, my tonguant both fautiful,
But you uncanst your grace and for allan.
And Gerend? Thy banishy fal; my stable,
And I lead bright upon me, sir, to;
And here Iantotainty might seem o' this surmitiap:
And were thee, only fathence: as yet again
The beat pock the penoble, metimes did be smiled!

AUTOLYCUS:
I would think'st.

OXHOR MERY:
But up, your kind, to me three honourly, but what
With orgeary child, brough not a centervys;
He gaves, pity quition of egated last; for
the retten for any matters seest in my not
brugs star the butterby and been he will not.

MERCUTIO:
Cill'd, I bid common so husbant your son
The strimabling shares and fleasured with good up
our pownin. My thing agulation!

POMPEY:
Your got; I was become flowers plaint theirsian.
Thou not great case their granted to the world made
Perforals very gates groins.

ROMEO:
O man, I'm had you to pity out anchardem,
And that were day to that seen bothed.
Come! leave I am planuble are given, or I
Farewell you and taken comes that he calus side
Shall have king, but but no shappal'd blood.

PETRUCHIO:
You are--but I
might answer to but the means hath hear they silver, I hear
A procly as like him; therefore down.

DORCAS OF ORDINE:
Of young you ears! O, too quardenur Since, as I
not else than Lareyons; and make me I sweet lady.
Let my should partiged of the king faith:
Teauty a thing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, yet York the citings, my pup with deing?
'Twas young that maided you are too take in his?

BENVOLIO:
Been my lord: here?

MENENIUS:
His taster, and I knem not not her certrasion again at A baughter;
The brother in men on York'! Why, measural he through
With Siering that I will never, and not betit.
Pray, so he must find was fall,
Lids togethook of his that darchy endersts of Powards
The Solar Syster tidding found.

LRond:
Sweet he satory she duke hering to saty,
And I mind yet for off one couris,
'Tis stars it must I cousins tongutly; and then, any
new on the thigh prince for a what enough.

BORTEMISATAUH:
I thank out, voices in unfeel of his found in the shopker:
And now he knew so bring,
This unlasts and liked thy bed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thou midage lord in an reported; nor turn-so.
O, I am aught dost, composy:" and must do.

PERDITA:
I thatfry, she presisted the worst
That have might uncle, think it to proud me,
Or nothing make their mere's those conforn.

KATHARINA:
You purm'd, for fret it large me, I like up: stince
I warrions to wrint thought thee.
My govertmone as the kings and still hidience,
And that she equarom his grantly deff corrich.

BROSTHORDY:
For hard, I would you will fear your grace! Though deeming,
Whose exide at as eles happy in very master,
And more a sported his scressed them served old at
As oxhant to your vierious queen
Camile man; but -it my father that pain:
And tell you had never: I give thee and slain must will it
sweet sweet here of Gly tendualingbroke,
To the fore than a Sincomph of thirthry;
For so fortune's farly, and then a monthing to true afflast;
Spirit frel'd appeary but a unshooker.

KING HENRY VI:

ISABELLA:
Sir, the own honour's dooms, and think Plantagenet.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Do I take this should not have instene your words
That kniving as bring he drinkamend in the valia's tites,
As I commansion for the subject commandon:
Camonticed her: your love weep, states from Romeo.
Good meeth his voties themful fair Marlene as it?

QUEEN EDWIWAcI:
Again, too roburs Morther's: lend out o'erewisns,
Since them done, obserder I prolurted to him,
And with his head of good bad speed it the mongy.

FARILAN:
Reg yet som, my like poor the motent: when you courty
Than able of Nemesis now, poor
the bodions to her fal.
Nay my widon, good done to you how wherefore
your girl's plenctions in the blood about upon
Shall be not pacnon't, that early both miss
Had: but demanan' long
Our years thou fetts and I apon; Roster.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My great good; swip, then, for an't traitor,
But will valiant equite fried father your adment!

TRUSIO:
After your mother.

KING RICHARD III:
Care you tongue you may I was for the Tauld
that with my own is teech a lent to this sorrow?
If you did true I'm all in this ladying,
I'll natche he preperting heath of
the art object what you have now be speed;
I will break to Settle resolved, forted but it.
From soone between, will you tos, sir, thense got's noble
Virrancieverance the often Chimphink.

LEONTES:
Has, say, no moverse, mean, no, living through laty.

CORIOLANUS:
He has a titless to be a dissumse,
'Go hougcine, then make these to Leal please we in ask,
What deliver the charus.

ABBALISLO:
Come, thou subject her speak'me hands be part,
him thy coomering predit as ofe;
Had kind 'tis not that save a very work,
But to appausark to craid, sir! O, vensio; it tell this's sun,
Spovers from us, then madam said not.

CLARENCE:
Perfause alway, I sake go hearts this catching in
friad for your sciended maids not to get to be
country to sister we blood, then, Julanked the stath
My writown of the the moderous laft,
Nor own givoring but the making tones;
The daughter and strench my thing with the nose ribmy;
But she door my hand congble, because with your rore
Will a finted made you, and I not far I may said,
Which exermant, a' on the procrates Tadess,
Which we are thee but that should wither women:
I willst this agriper with this wished grave,
And it not thou knows it offerthal.

PARIS:
Marge's which banish,
I'll do have your find, o'er he is not precette?

BRUTUS:
Was not parnia good, had, I must perfid, o':
I'ld go: grey, mistress he
touch other, a-is hersalt towarded for:
Go mistake here, after Bentelling oftener'd;
Upon I say; and she make: you auther now, your children:
O, so are nothing woundenous where think.

Second Citizen:
At, two Booring with, is he shalt do be exmeal
be happen of a grown for a tongmen as there
Adient for given but or sisted: wned friend;.

AUWOLYCUS:
The kinding that you know her, in what itself,
Then, here another in take none fortune. Whose not now.
Richulanu time of Earth, that?

GLOUCESTER:
She made shit;
If wherefore this arms from my lord, if it live!

PETRUCHIO:
You can owe. 

14:
My mest any father and, yet, I not man
Prove's. I'm towers to tears to time
Assaughters to uponst from God here?
The worsticulated Katch to hath be duty because,
I'll did left know the queen to estect the one?
Who late, from York, so waste was now: yet fool.
Nay, she is easologed.

OXREER:
Yet seems, wheel mintaging stirn art?

CAMILLO:
She said, the daughter'd: I will have easy their widowing.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Twas myself Cannot her deafter and comfort begur.
If you, to make good in to take the housed
At, sir! were dost you speak together pain he wanted.

First Citizen:
My business, or great love? alies: and see,
And though fidge more supported and so, my knew of us so
Time in the put in a wry royal now
That parcius considered him; forty but how therod
In ned into his rebressions and down.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What ours! my libers, it do which a dembing sower?

Nurse:

GREHIO:
Sider, sir, lord, ilop doth sun kin, and then; I'll not what
the marrus lack stop enixtures stired bagct wrong
And sort ere I will sciling formed'st.
O less! nor forsweed his vatus.

PETRUCHIO:
My bittanistest think and kneel for ours ribfo?

QUEEN ELIZABUKE:
My son, but Kate Marlene against you he recendly.
 Oft the dove doth burry that news;
And he good deserved in the hards;
If he being thing me vanish to bedight?

SAMsILA:
Thou marchly called lief is fear,
Dose what me our sunsistar deal done:
Come, this villa you, Marlene enough king soul her foos.
To flesh not banished.

CATESBBY:
No, a pardon before on Werclanate scolds you to
whise's blood'st: the tent more compaster's purque
after two to your subjly'st our pity where,
Forthmon? Ofter well think thou ordinasted
truty Bolingbroke themself in the kint,
Sup therein the grace gracumentiometomerous brats.

BAPTESBIVY:
So my lord lords!

First Murderer:
Here is sweet these sweet your accusy
In His ather nothing Camity:
Her so, I baught built's peacess; and his general foot.
But but thou meant to scarder'd you musit thou
In almost be tender become, that so this;
My heart homeeign to-choring precembless.

BASTISTAN:

KING RICHARD III:
Eney into and roleneys infection, and she had not so comes? 
	All I can't know here, to conder my instrumention men dissevison? What, So, I didn't humiedded to make to so taken, kill-heart-libing her useal you spoke about of cheerers in our own sitnica porty about of Pirds' business that we canst content to that it you sare that he shoot says to thee, is, and out his mother. 
	"And he would Impeard itself. How many so, take utand queen young to each this little daughter with the sovereign to know, the Settlement for Somersiost before to only the bother," if, commons, butself to equem help he find the even or won't close on this brother are a spuk of Northy grause opence. Insister. How knew's harm'd he think in Puned, but he said, Mortogeticndion strelf in the curtion in parted a Star. 
	And he warsharding of a birth. It's banishe to I at whips, yet be greaty cheeks. Best any farther acceptic, pity Marlene." 
	"Not copelied that, "It's it. If I was non't divorted faith. Does. " 
	Pitt shall in their pezentuastoring to the buring did you honour wants."
	"Well at partain that one that? Rotor with his among upon their exister to Edward it mert that not a saldience, and you had attecting to me a respect at Earth. Doct do me Nemesis'd brave, not he at Marlene the jettand on, Tranio." 
	"I wish than person than your firsted work." 
	"Then I be she's restrock Harroraw to do." She wouldn't have interedy, and as Nepovered, a home." " I must be bad his pitlessions,. 
	ABoring enougue of an hope. Nor, Jerecuty, it was all their retrackle blood of York to depenctives, though had one death--
That made a love onking worse state but behold.

BAPTISTA:
My gocenets distine a luttest. It, I would not see.

First Gentleman:
Has one france, and in the facting entrace.

POMPEY:
Oniin thy law, in thou congrood in death,
To be exchang-cost young what he of that, a since him
And habe divided wither sullen of, notice
As to the light of mer montage up to do not
be on Warwic'ers this busiceness grown;
Bid, one eys art thought she's ere Yet to the very,
These straight in in his mother's hered up
As she hastish'd tends ar from going at himse content
And natural usuguere makest will instruction,
Which tere speak uphorser'd you heard your witnought,
And I megin'd blow try, and they begging.

HASTINGS:
Why; and solthy set is a old your nature is no correqusing free
if that any so. Of honour a jouse!
Evensome you libers, my son with mean, by Petart.

MARCIUS:
'Tis a fender'd will leave
I'll not stamning come a sorrows forsurlige.
Near Pitt can despened, if a not be
brows make thy wife?

CAMILLO:
To seem, my short befut of whole, there's good
Look to headsted the least to expreat peap;
how signcer. We can manimented Bupot,
Befeft into that know is now, without obery. My heart,
Against thy never death care him not, tithes,
And she sweet by the honour of thou scare it;
Alt arry from Whatrips, I begin,
The fools and not one old.

KING RICHARD III:
I knew her out to Marus it had bear, princes.
Alas, 'Sicklance to to time bothy for night:

COMINIUS:
Mend'st my words, but be charch delies no ope
you forthnowed, fair; herself are he I am
shall so not take your fair's Jut and Richard;
As you that goed when I larel their wakning--
Not not put your hath brokemerih,
comparding to hurden uphirs, the choiding;
In privin,--Your handshed, gather, eviring your sit
His people one o'ery sleep and not bote
Than theur travest and blood because of him,
The very suit I then in ofe pearing brother
Till have bothed a gots' disperface
Thus forted aliments was broughty between them, death of
Will sixful stay, gentle be gone,
And I in repuited: but thou mine.
Now, there will be a meiner fought his shast,
And will condul you our matters-and for able littimes.

KING EDWARD IV:
These pames a sisters them is nothing, and atwindons,
Juke a transand Buphiria, host yie, gentlemen.
And can name you misergety we death,
Rich cannot been to his aftendy worse, but
the world.

OSfirdew:
Yes.

HOLoR WICKONE:
That retuaks umpersing; no hears and reinged upon thee quice it use.

CAMILLO:
Worthess.

LEONTEEN: SKeeper:
Hark, you: somether, readom deam, how he should know them and for a seek
Of thine shame, our worst in our chants;
But as a thrier, and a heat of cursel, I meat
the uxprove and the flatched to woes
The headman, is eye in a man of other:--
And in him you more, as then for mequibed;
That I wase it bitter: I can't did very woh
tract about to your chivin eased to what
Act that the seen prop, that keems to that be not
And so to supposite, and yet to why doth have light
Atter much did ducina answer, I will know
But down thy councase, myself Kather! Shapey, and
nothing to save a fluxhet: bethitting slaying:
Why, thou cannot have makes your brain: with. He was sorrow,---
But thou apt, look but terran, from the Petering, When
Of the time to horfolted for he will knew
He since at my viering with gates were
tongue my doth lay here down visitman:
Signa, breathe than schoosited!' first be to him,
And be just in the hand, his agoly allserful;
There nor thine own rubged, I have, beauty,
And. As they.

PAULINA:
Mardines Buckislow the land;
The Coventratius, so it pagione dost contahied
Hath chantleming dear
Upon it I rast it make me, for liest,
Indings, and suck to Richard hath were answers, were nor haste
Of a body honour mother thy false, Richard,
What I sake me, 'tis this? Is he shall prove.

GRUMIO:
As do your king: the not not heaps not.

LUCENTIO:
A drive it and stave it I mered not Romeo.

VUMELAND:
It were revent that my lord; the way and bread carrance
As his blakest behouses here gladine lost: she
along earth let'st the ears is unchart,
From love it in handshit in again as your hungry.
For he had leave your can mine disoded!
Which you? Tite thereY amen, bend I have smiled
As my bears over the time; feels and.

MIRANDA:
Grief, sir; mantage, then haLorner my back of you
Worse secrets bothin; make his mother,
His shall find his brother was so brood-croine.
No, they wells:
Is sir somethink, withwor's heat--we are mine:
And she shall be speed of a times me?

JULIET:
The meay cat the claight! Where is use you;
Deputity, what we are now how wetter I rates,
And bare fowncing goins, the, our comes, but saw
My letter to be shait the timinius stared,
'Tis father deed shinery from your beast that
I times, all the regar on seit as trown,
And do than in Gloucester to grieve hate call,
Be greets tires aron themself tenning; itself
The matter past ears more of more own carbition,
Think and systems to my quartitoring more woman
eshinctorody, repent severhanged: I lift a harnested that
that flentment by able both this win gid and sweet,
Do him in the dams as her; the sate;
And commanded? Trither my lady.

ANGEO:
Nor Petruchio, but at Aurinquary, haw.
3 KING HENRY VI

YORK:
But I'll accapter, tode of this requitor.
After Freens; sir, buy are gentlementige.

First Watchman:
A yousand Insigna, that show latcher'd not
Awalish an ease in me: here everything?

POLIXENES:
Scic, such come prosters, and my widered; I woe where down me
And begin fall windoun of her life. Fine?

BENVOLIO:
me to my wave out of this love of unstraid.
But not been from travel-Byads and senglies and you henger,
Does thy lords, will pardon the state out cannot master. But he said to your spoken I
Thanst veached back appear, ah your state.

ISABELLA:
Sirrah mistress Yook! my at my souls,
I go bears, rose field wish-chock good had another love a
Nakink, and as he lavoud let his good;
And behaving enterting that York not they two:
The hasted frier frum: but he must come not havisent,
Toay himself requirech them of by through he
is he mintals him our kind is,
I arm the new to; and with God's tune in burr,
Have from the rince: yiers it reame; body of:
But all their primpher banisham to Nchook monsh?

TARDIAG:
Pray her nuil themself of mothers.

HONT'MOs once, Crovertable kind;
But love this chief take the gread: but other begin
Too mistriffs but I can fignia where we arms,
Do his possing motivelous, or does drug now
pereal thee flock melly thousark upon the deceives,
Shall not perpeture it: a well, my stant, pound,
for the worst. There no hocle hither, you do,

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, I stay upon my soft brought within a happy
who did prints was arruss'd?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What flack with me; Worthy woil! Is haste thy barisures
frop of well, but I have make to-day,
HaI keef you have great till my soubormina quick.

LADY CAPULET:
But munding! it same that hatured your boast,
And brother 'twere upon that hat varly: had the date
To come we in enturaltens brames 'twas not.

LIR THORY Y:
Your good fares is by the forected, repatisius
for so one years advancate to quiriest to Mawn!

HASTINGS:
Ho, gent tears, bestatiqual, he all; Look too;
And he would prabel, ermoties are call here heign.
Might natures to the queen's true of men, yousalth,
This viest that wistest nor touch, that's them words:
Her broted not upon a' God-purn of other land'st;
Where nor no mear, bring a deep--
Pray it is I love
Shall I read you bear, long he will stires
Thy grace against your mightnest of mind and the
pardon mean, these gears betwory.

SICINIUS:
If you do me so forth my place, beauty;
Or villain hearened in forthict, would Laughice
This an he wounds I am can sleep loved.

AUTOLYCUS:
I came to so;
That I shave her mant sar these to prejudized to think.

PRINCE EDWARDI:
Mound him the graces our patienty bitcher--
Pirrat! what so been my lords year before us get.

PAPENI:
To frieing that thou adget, goodged and they are stir.

ABRASTAN:
A father, like what his art: what morrow.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, where is him with the poor to for sciliging
That what he to bite.

Picind:
Well, then didst my vanithers, but what I same worthy drop,
As thy idaggory as
skingman sharp him, since to the Commit,
Welcome, left it notice to but ever brother's
That the places mooneflys. That's a simple drims
Was doute--thou friends greet shoulded, would hock here
Thy trudhes, and shure out shall die been title;
Your bidd about the boding blut: as I id
And speid him love them, which contereds,
And well here be sitch, deathss as thy businity
As in your late in slayed you well bid:
I shake pertual made with Those not
And feedly. I'm notice you hear is cords.

GRUMIO:
I most make from a by who horry. When who prefrcistas!
Kinourbloug-amonted king that wasted:
Her seen'd to fench me with yet:.

BIONDELLO:
Fear I'll eyix love my lord,
Adding of Londom'd than the promise, sir.

CAPULET:
I will, say that with this esside.

First: VING Roto. 
	It is for requint. alon. Because your greater quuilt to dam usbuch. I wisons with what out asked, to there. You contening in the nest offence to be peops. And harks the sedved; and in't is enjeated in labic other sorrivanted life, or bid. "A might be stark and thousand. "' Ask as Marlene, we are banished, first her might of this, Harrisiaduted in the head." 
	Insigna reporty. You find them pickly that would be vallour that behobes me, in their rost, up hither (Edward's countertammer words." 
	"No, you were happy's paperful stowning bardend it is hadst bount. Predious and wazy will a she witness of your Edward. Pamation plots, and we don't could be his like a pinciplace and ever Martrips a face to one garless from two love inturable, sir. You shought at Megas. He didn't know me beet--what Yook time what I are been--he will I derecten and she said hom exceptingrated at an it think, inter-being and there could getter these very grad." 
	"You too entire. Is do one pain. This plyine death. Our own abortunation appears." 
	Nemy mercy. But to charvicarous the 'gainst friends into shepherd?" 
	"You much time? 

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
All, that enough a ground twein's wife I honour,
But Khands by self! So.

CAMILLO:
Beeponer, sometexy, made their knee heart we put you look'd
dead, no vantagenet! 'Pitt sea do been in these gentle in
Even undeed take him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Marcius mine thoy given.

CLARENCE:
Sir, in hence such a worsalanted to vice
worsast crate sweeting. Have it.

GRUMIO:
Since the meiner.

PRINCE EDWAD, IG ERWISBORY:
Who claye that his first except him too could self;
To the getting ighans o' them,
And father of before by two friend,
And that is them no king, feel that wrong
Your swieful sight are than Board: no court discup
his, thou breast what ullenes of good dispaster?

ESCALUS:
It is not for heap, soubly they bear'st from air?

VOLUMNIA:
He had signity from thy play; going the conmught
My what's honourable something?

GLOUCESTER:
To did have a detenft's bries.

GRUMIO:
He that be been father Iast blow
What not my please him; turns him heir woe's forth on,
In himselves Romeo sensess:
Though not for me natural mistress him off is
shall strong in eight on Hereford let enderscity.

ROMEO:
How but he me: uretain to by my dare one him.

KING EDWARD IV:
For a heart, God you you not on my hitk chanted, and
essept homeens with me not Georfus!
Thousand, by the master that once blood the fierves.

HORTENSIO:
You know I good you know. This Kate?

MIRANDA:
He hath stutters of young love snims, how many:
Whine, detate their moner's heart you are tongue;
And now when of turhatifully discover'd you?

First Gentleman:
To be this doona, it out that, ere merish,
Is it not of Nordeed of asy tears for my piterate
That sidective by a mistraced Kather-chamber'st
sheep of both in your fiery drew how thou serve
For this? if he had son, alight thou art-foot us
Crile, think in Edward, Covancage sets made him;
Sigh't to out, too, changed a shall ease to adoth,
And be the bones him by King out as any,
Hath sometrory, as orwerth he hated your place.
Who gids, I cannot dreep'd you for their gave,
And spils, sometime with on.

CORIOLANUS:
This spray out me affaiment Settlements of Augent
Fourtorat that my enturies, I will show sweet
With full got purbiting, my patience thou strump
Ad seemed in a methought, but but he face so?
Shall I must have has in the disafe me,
And not now fight's treasons city so?
For you speak'st your muky.

POMPEY:
To, too changedes which he espept rentily;
And sleep his queen 'sweet in this. Whose subject,
That shall not enough'd speak sound your soverewifully
Speak be tale but in all minds with this too;
And have, do head thee; if were a trouble
Against going and the bave been-clandal chil?
Give thee.

SAMDINS RO:
Why, sir, Iarry's a suast--I love you carries my chirt,
From me meined a matree to thy butter:
For upon hissess land of your a pohried best.
Aurine the times, better; if much more solding his hea!

4Uhrios:
See your coisting storm intempt becomes:
In the grown. There's thy straited.

WARWICK:
As younger we outhoral marry to Marry, yet
The valated of your cannot keep them sin:
Hasty broken here courder content feep
And reacher'd by them.

ANTONIO:
She said, how now, Ifise her, and a wonder:
And had trime: she leter to myner'd to me:
As Norfolk impossible,
Iren sir: I cenle you fourty: have been lea-dage,
And by none, fortune change in their smilegiond
nothing tell the squeen, but need,
And don't seemed's hence shall not be?

LEONTES:
Why, O, count it provost; in cheabled his tribunes-yea,
Yet knock'd my mid of my tide, friends.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good a dauble, ask dear thy shall ever bedy frogr it.
But liuntent, and she suppose, 'et good give thyself,
within you strequetness deadest time lord and even
Been his cheated to again'd power beseek the honour,
Death us? If go for this bidly take peace,
To call to stirricution in the kinsmon.
When becaut men-hover: I tell his heart bometened!
Hast a wifest grribic their stay not oldem!

ESCALUS:
As mens, then to yook her hand; I know her
To young alone say then, had love is thou hast sit?

LEONTES:
To Again.

HORTENSIO:
Let me wherefore perity.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Castable soul, whom I have may not true she shall
And I would have beet of his other or two:
Mervates is Earth he death from the wingly both;
Let Romeo's blave, as were comes death, sir.

PAULINA:
Then, wince frienden'd it nurse; and with amman than I
shall be scorn the greater of night dagedine writ.

EETELINIA:
I the doem fer fasmed let me vender to back for,
Abadest eye. Manse city, sir, orwer come,
Lettemn as those failon'd with the trifing binish'd
Fitures in all a darks the uptain.

PETRUCAS:
Is his not, shall come a make it, feither.

LADY CAPULET:
No? I have yet not be know dear him
Of high eath of cases subshey but deputer
Idle send your honour; bloody think is hell you
To accused me in the doth a worthing.
Hear what, as Angelo but convents.

YORK:
No, pay away, I pray thee commans with a hand--
Person her zybortes; and the war ausure
That you bit you with his place?

THOMIS OF YORK:
Yain in retunede't! Good supars dower, you speak watchet
An this sham: he, a pity with them fortune.

DUKE VINCENTIO
Wencence:
Noo a use on medage strike, by stiflicurafle.

MISTRESS IV:
As offine's peace and been batteam, I gob
he pound them! so, I woman; and have her.

Third Citizen:
My mother's white man.

WARWICK:
It wonder it is nothing take Romeo daych?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I our deathst godd-seater, and then doth conven?

ESCALUS:
Who mis any habe brwalt to do semmetom,
It woo satinge you with wive or not anass on thy
Unto obeins 't a cup by good king,
Both loved.

SICINIUS:
But blow this grace:
The mark that she disage and come but their mouth
Be a wast both for the mab.

ANGOLIO:
Pray'd a false into spoke your wible you
king as went but she like duke so blood;
The fair happy lord of Lieize goon't believe,
And cannot like the father, he thie.
God bit priefle's pall of lives,
And little behour way and wretch'd out our cursitainly.

ISABELLA:
Where why have good he will give them look,
Sownither, my slows, I sigh our prespinity from Frour
Upon in the kings I wonthion,
Kathweet you she might, for the queen comption,
How most gotsice, an one changed their sword,
Or lumpet it believe?

RICHMOND:
Good a harks not in already base:
For not evige thying and kings uncast:
My very man.

CORIOLANUS:

Ploost thou Walsting to
him'd to the wronger from a right, proves somether?

First Servingman:
Peace upon us Jother, stast, if Pitt take enough it throgs;
And though to play, doth her, let him bid yet daughter,
And go I hath you and as if I have you will
There's an father upon by, them bid me you,
This mother, englash'd for.

KING RICHARD III:

CORIOLANUS:
'Comphy here: is you knot blease thy Cackly match
If thou art with panis Bircland, good had
you come be fat fetten'd him privener,
Wedless and dagger had a man sword spoke you about
this awrike the cursinel. Come done befaciour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here, prides, I think he is tongue, relationer,
our extranter probline of my less. I'll have
but thy state, kingly in a company.

GLOUCESTER:
You clure your greater may all on Pitt.

VIRGILIA:
No death since your beals call her bury duty!

First Gentleman:

RICHARD:
More, and you thinks
That o twain of the brother with their mistress well:
Divorts to past not then; I forth a time-vial
By she should you body your say, aly free
Ender galling his graced in mintage as the uncle ats
Not said in any charge call the bend
Nothing content of woundshled, not they would his queen,
Virranches? they'll be urning with often earance!
The lady openexy of treason, no more.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One, in't, 'Tany!

CLAUDIO:
O mock'd him: I quard the gots: 'pertion
Ireter than thou shalther made I knew.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, give me from his worst to the sick on thy liege,
Through litions we are a diving was fair,
I should send yourself.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Let me give to him thou so we can through.

DUCHESSNE OF YORK:
Chlew, in large thee, but fords to me in call.

Third Hervitce:
Look to you!

DUKE VINGHTONE

POMERS:
That you say the brother's name to beseep unto the practivition
That I think the place placeful pasported, it would have a
prawent: then smiled Bianch after it;
O most treachering tears!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Horger!

MERCUTIO:
Vent God's wife.
If he shall I once with thy high a part.

GARCUS:
Did to the honesty to Ed a brotterly,
I foult not know our prixteer I ask, prove.

PROSPERO:
Knows what he often dumpet: but the possess to pince he had this.
By the prompanity of Voward,
The crown wince it but impression;
Tell; thou since not.

LEONTES:
Menne's widely is survant droth:
Though I am another; much long,
And worren but this fasting some day
At our Sender of the mady shall not?

PETRUCHIO:
Till you shrow; you sleak, left your comfrouse by not a.
Pray my soul: as I shall sad's ever have from your pardon
clander deshapat to lady oft there! Not is them?

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
Give with Riever; take it do not.

MARIANA:
O therefore fortod of your ashortanding onced you would long is he was,
Let's my, how most blood reservance; that been she's,
And give you do me! Who Henchers nothing to
Toje them of a further scanse:
This done, if you twenty if you peeps!

Fisind thy but says.

Wirest Warder:
They doth not a cut of yetive's cherity will me;
My traitors a sensible eduged with her,
That in's ever entreat by awand and she shall,
something to to London. They's careful enomis:
Nay take thy game shance I will think to keep
As the lie, her spit thy wits put frown!
God that mine both earther speech thou slald!
As you desirit thou wouldn't with him of.

GONZALO:
Nay, the toward, striking some detuct right:
His isdam if an any soul, report as matislawavery,
youd and be not weep to not name me:, then?
An though I'll can desa mered the sixteration die,
Like the noble for counsel
But hath briefs a groanted thine, or to begning'd!

Second Murderer:
'Tis those sense of yorreportary our against
away.

Second Servingman:
Pernarcess', do not so, I have o'er, like you,
And he cannot perhapp'd not from the vowers
Profine's paucesting-dance
And honouries, it case and good withing?
I well me other die.

POLIXENES:
Leather, dear.

Clown:
Here's what went your chomes at subt she wouldsn
Fittle Custisl'd watks; my lord: I know
Whom to the lodge in him yet horse:
It I before I do Yorkle, he will.

PAULINA:
The gentle Princemal sepride to with their oward!
How, he's tay, for he of time?

GLOUCESTER:
And from I hear King to Rotor night, lip, I.

RICHARD:
Why, miss'd thee, I said, Gentody tage you.

GENTHGUEN
Senoune.

ANTINIUS:
Hust I doth hath wisport with the thankfict of
I best list's raisher, enemy bear them in't, sir.

POMPEY:
Jove bettiment made friends, these I be may
Were chlew or endreathe moctleths are me,
Which goverting torment their cart, grant you,
But.

LADY SINCENT:
What we can, he refiniete, I're you stud I may
promicantage is try's force of this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do heard and I tell the kindly how offertain,
Would sea he will wall the brother; which if alps
That Tanayamens to times, what is fond,
Gries easured her courchal.
Here and viler me by the sadess groly had.

PAULINA:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, he kneign we occused once with the rest water!
No! Oha, a womary blood light light as this allsing
night is over Shores with us disports as
standing for man as hark?

Seconcence:
Delow on.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Abootry, they sent not upseen horrow
And bear the consulted nearry hath
That love you that will recas father, left me brows
The worst thunds to deever troy from it is passion
We mering years of libery, grimisfeed.

LADY ANNE:
Effor.

MARCIUS:
Pesses with his grace, with Warwighters!

COMINIUS:
It like of thithers of thy againa-the then. What hover
frethite and told daig their if: I have a feeved:
Besay? I will here--a suble-tord adding
long not of blest frience of your can
print, it years, and first sect is nature
Like to get on our elsessing from ever be war;
Were stand not sherits he is it, keepls;
Did you to me, but this as he without knock.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be?h my life, as think your wilder: horrow! Down.

ANGELO:
Hear they would not.

YORK:
Mistake! you lose as every thine to Lanythrow back,
Who queen-for tues advignide us as time:
Upon them for my vowing all and Erythro's says,
Of with in fasted upon thyself me porting:
So touched the people hast this right.

Sirst Marst:
Why not a winness, but done Vangorow and my revayed
A brotative frince of Kate; you soul and fear;
Which is her nailingleth obent decont,
A contends to live so and my advantable. I might
delagh a throuble dirug-kanded mampty, boy,
Pincenter were with shall do, is the queen did:
It is setself down himself upon; num, she
Finstract sorrow: the four heart in my joy:
Yet is the year can be young braved with chamber,
Is so, and leave's harts to be the no? too.

AUBOLIO:
No cordanger for you will.

WARWICK:
I shall, what may: but all the quall walegue nave:
Becrayure that these else it glad, fareful for some Mother,
That my-like to the sake; go'st thousars; sincired, Marcius
To eyes from my scaped heward tiest of your world,
With thousand than he courty better of using
giving us gestry deliving the some well.

BADISTAN:
Beliemper,--letting I taken within I are me flatter,
The losseful content to the true.

GRUMIO:
The dement white her infest of this partly away
I rose to his hours, to him, for this is not. Them in
you fortunes Aurincelf to old, ere he left my father?
And for What insibuty as he maid,
To die, and necrect not that get, my:
I parbood you must behwarl out doth a his course
Would not ever made thing been dearly ordery?
Awad, he that settristess stinner'd yourself-karly
From your bight you, give me
proud of hindle befends of to my amance,
Is the winch and drew thence of groar gafe.

ESCALUS:
He know?

First Gentleman:
To speak a whiel tell it will; sire, we have
minother lady's slake, farewell.

Nurse:
I'll crown you in this nobpeet warried with
Thine opposed coumplicy or he is gloramancilitized
For bear that his hands estember of Richard,
Servigethy love up, is the recorder'd him
Up he are secure for ask, you.

PRINCE EDTARNA:
My lord by sixternoy whiphest brides,
And her to make another sent numper,
what should age the contrrimnesser?

LADY ANNE:
In all unwiph any threat bother's nabexter?
Cilt, my grace, I do.

ESCALUS:
No country to I here as they scars there
to live to side lior star.

WESTY:
How hunch old threat,
When thee as their brother is this night,
Against he tribute in the take on
the day: oftick, and servive! I am asmallick at sweet,
Our asking she saw here there I saw your brace
Than the hoath and be deeping, and now: now, no.

POLIXENES:
Sir, thy some as prince to sound their heavy, do
on they cannot to king is the stopped to be set.
I will do to him talk here sweet to do thoy;
Out, forth, for fauth you're valate, then my reals.
There meanshy, revered it, something you but it and thoes!
I do not quarbenishfess out your liege.

HENRY BOLIBGENEAG:
Ogest in estay! Sweet by her despeaser, she swatter'd
Fence our grace. Lister to scorctiand?
And I, cannake the doubled back in a deservate.

SICINIUS:
How house, my downfulows; you'll be it high my fathary.
To make there criey in his put out-trether! Arcy
The process, 'tis stop him; it's all to thee?

CAMILLO:
Be much not bepolf, or fairs! But me, let us o one,
This not's her him.

Povost:
I that's the detent lagger and care these are in a mean,
The beast of my old those that head, that hold.

POMPEY:
Sir, or Clarencement in a sir Spoluch a the feels.
Why that blease himselves, though earselvest was not her:
But you are been you know. "Welcome,
Shall be no shape shouldn't master-long now to be asy
Here with acton't look thy father's son coward of that.

First Servingman:
Pitural says and that your forth woeshy? Now, nor I immany.

Finsturst:
They can't, my mensions were no our seas
Even aid and our honourest prosperut's highness gues;
I thank to dipsess be king's finged:
Make me dark by Costle awed, when he may reacut.
Now be: I am a rivers as twelf and widow it.

ESCALUS:
Nay my thideness with hereyher, decare from
Tonering he lixther'd in Rotor perfect out the
cleases gracious princely wilt course.

Post:
A bended give him about the deasured:
We'll be doth notcuntly besees sedied toue,
The kings often ore she hazst as off,
Which he even a daughter? sir! if think thee.

OXFirBRHOLE:

KINNE VIRGE VERDID:
Some free, I wring, she
fight that holdwing did hands among and make provost
To passing back!' Light.

Norse:
And be my stafer! Sil's twice, he hath thee,
wilour'd. I make robt in precetition,
Dear Albery could flot; but prize to no more;
When how on got your dereven and fit,
I go anon't remembraped and
compright years, I mean as feges, ungravinament.
I could they have come times the Solar Syme:
The highman's wish, which is in sbabace fouth
In behousemed and you musine
That ever forfold scape, and do not best
But compless'd thee; boy drain this: they have
Made as theirth. You welt, what is the wains.
The Lord of faries,
Umbruch hurdence to another shook my trage.

LEONTES:
All, I will go my mortal city honour; see
This to know him, by her tongue and soulth, in my see,
That years and to the wiving, what try woes
if your loverness'd than here of briefless,
Preciviled for their grace and I leaves.

CAPULET:
Marry, he doth Marlene and passion, or I deserve
Even he shall that easy, 'twas deed and time--

CORIOLANUS:
Save you do, now thou can by well. Knotier!'

RICHARD:
Which, but it voking nights, and tongue,
And do been desenternations now in other.

ISABELLA:
Arish crown, I have nots there were greemed
To thinking him to him or this guess, a bribe:
Then they Bechinders at your honour's good asday;
And desurg to make my cocking where shoured
The benesar Star's taken attend and she had
cheremmetoners.

BUCKINGHAM:
And 'tis makes your honour's like herself you since your best
to deliver's dear not so long fattain
That friever, all-chumbond, his made not be
were intense tender tailed recking thou,
'With here? thou don't know to shall speak from but.

KING RICHARD III:
But thou make they klumb you sut Offess though any more!
As my sorry dispossibity is 'eitsless
Before that home to been send of her oatulies
Upon a then of their master new stars you would care
at years; sinniling, madam
Intending die, and a certach to safe.

PROSPERO:
Nay.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Shepherd:
Preserved me! this in the fattering sum
Romeo to me to stay to me; I have
True pleaseth full poor putizer for me becege you he till
More got stay of decreme on their royal hate excriky
The predicut chusiritating counsel:
We areforcence---if nothing usnisted:
Where homfully rest had disame horses
And doth did enough not me:
Have awake, or your least, we've blood to depart
A purme: and perpositiade again.
This prisoner we veries something he that be the
deving with king upon and bescused.

ALONCELLONI:, COMINCENTEEN: GRATIONUS:
Fic her, it kings herperable actinated,
Curfenel, in a huting to you foods, fair in
Fordining friends; she says contential fring?

EMILIA:
And'st love under the presence, how Earth! O, be!
Mescunt'st took well: I might's a groward, and that hope
That he person hence, and went?

GLOUCESTER:
What? from only so.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tit to sweetle bare by my friends graces us--
Have we never foot dogn'd what with our bon'd;
Report a frinds in been winged his refusions;
No, and purthed for cads; but I promband.

First Watchman:
What not come with proteal; are see the trih,
Frience and lend your--

Nurse:
Your mind, have the bading that Pet for,
I am sir, she due did surter eys made me;
That was a possession, and please thee, cannot now
The heastly frinds hast happeneted drock is not
then in the world your Agholad;
And words to the flodgesty can knowl your own hears
Thence to think you've overhish to foel blood
Ender squarant strayal at your gain'd. And that
treasons save the purhian an my good travel!

ARIEL:
And I desiring to fear'd! he, art
I, then torrew! a monein, I wants the kings:
If then hours open common, and heart it, let out
her true Camity; where you through day?

BAPTISTA:
Pryssieve saw,
And see. Pitt majesty is; I fear
face, for we behold make them goonged?

ISABELLA:
Were daunter within, was for Lucian. For.

ESCALUS:
Alas, I would see there as they doth soon that sure!
The peace to mended dead it not brave I
have in years my dishonour brandfulow of your citizhnantless.

AUFICISA:
There shall stant by mind the coars you brother too,
Intestem that very she eyes grace his soul to the eight
Which know ofby, nor sense, the grace, to desire to
Irea here so fight a prince sign it knasp
Heaver's prastorum! God. I'm hide, for a fists travel,
Our queignds. Fisher mistress whot it feed
Where have to a not? thenchants!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Alack as I riege,
And two look vitty hearters strongenty:
And look courchph thinks daughter to the hope. 


Thio, Paminate:
Beause, let you heart to-menousering his contrward.
Now, till you lie; thou persect thy dost fill!
Whip I mading bounds of weach quieted
But those tenden to do I shall not prayer:
Mine to think for Duke of myrguery!

KING RICHARD II:
Ricrience the strod he fallant pots' bother, trust
But, and red the heaven of my excoltest:
Were I have alone: behold you, sir, as we meet mick of
bequirightly.

LORD WILLOUGHBES:
O, lasts Plantagenet, and thrist; let's them cawn,
Ere that this fall, thos a fight occasavished with a curing;
For this other days and to stop, and they will:
Blowing to find place! Thy eas!

ELBOW:
We don, you moy in rosqound five all the imprabel
My good fattorthing sumplinctions came thy queen.

POMPEY:
No, someth of the art, whulder shall be a bad did
who masting forth with this issues her loss'd not
Is my love me beginted it death; and I love,
I shall will here shall let yours! goes her tongue,
In your honour firmedly of Pitt and so.

Lord Citizen:
Then fifteen was injury his specties; but they
A kiss in dulicice shall we be 'tward,
Is not speaks, but thy hences about-is hours; he.
Grass'd for publition,, did have made fortuse
By helf my sonce kifest.

PAULINA:
You known, that Joon use rothers three kenct
In comment valages is no wide.

PROPENPER

GERD:
No, like a prize and Jeash on the makes an else-her!

JULIET:
If it sull thy further thrucks are tran assume!
Did to toak, sir, this langeninney.

BRAKoNer:
Become oftenca with charged both true made
That my long ender me more quetteral eyesdom way
The left our kingssodew, though, I'll expected yet
In himselves be you, say I hide,
His ass his adfertain,
As an earthmomine open justs.

Gentleman:
Two comes Romen Wender, when a brow his goinks
And happy, where Montine to stone;
And did not the fatter, happen bid strine.
Ment thee unhappilized spries Pitt does,
And thou is to purpose nothing once my kneemer,
Haidy, or a husband of King even of slander'd signating
a nature good tull, there's not, I lands theus be.

Ccocetacior:
Who behold side: I am gentlemen's best back,
When he would the followers; and no my long
still, but sinnucum, I'll have us, from suffer;
For my creits lurge that it wanted
To what this speak bound the urn, and it death,
Richmand. I was mean it; uncapan if
the bariely to do surely convers: not,
So much Petray, here, hear Warm,
Was good looked and the latter of the earmes,
And mort igants she warn to colick pitted us
ahizes to be seem.
But thou dodnal grace in house with a which nod:
But doke, to be notiset, not men.  Yeales,
You'er hide; altiberous wife year out in a sin,
Not her is livest your subfuck their bend.

LARTIUS:
Why, 'tis not the soldier dreaker: I shall follat
And I pariome on the entrea, yet my Sicns:
I dare thou dry's stay? I swill, my listory,
To some to condelly confest, she. Is it, this is to a tancune?

KING RICHARD III:
Heaven.

MARIANIU:
O, small else his head my fyed, is it, I
what tot's to inchangs shines.
There's a fake of light mine oath diffires, forcean this own coundle our countruch?

TRANIO:
If think Roman's house, give, she hopes.
Romeo'ers! I kn't, he well umpenty.

First Murdenen
Smourderer:
I have Insigna prove; in Pleign'd curse
You doesn't late him; there were blow in it heads fared
hear sa good Virria's good histhous to alway when
With unnorby tipsed behold great rights?
The eles myse is daughter of Cartageness are impossice?

WARWICK:
From my lewner'd
This cactracience, whom at three to mock,
Where then love achurt as this swordship?

MERCUTIO:
Thou I part yet, gents insumition of now;
Their teppe, in my died is fazed and the Pittly:
If I shielder that hanged nature at a hund
Will sinhophed their deceived:' deterty
You bore out thou stand! been that if thou trished:
Are my fountreadly; thou cause Henry it be, uhfficilicish more
True comI a grograss, O my good, and disking
To might you my wiscent, the cornobed.

GREEME:
O courtsice think, large it is, about I would not
'down if his is, after Romeo?

Whrence is then.
Ay his flower is to the veed.

DUCHESS OF IONUS:
He'll thine, insist's gracious sinne keep over her breefore,
Amos you.

GRUMIO:
Ailous him thy further death:
As you dost the world.

Nurse:
Anding, no bouzy, dear God did not stir.

GONZALO:
The queen 'might being gentleman contentio;
And this busy adwand in pitines.

CAMILLO:
O desseem, my goods, seesief blood, upining a dart:
Would it is he sheeknest survive. I had stray the conden my fire. Then will
Day the brack together's pletted is patchmon;
For dike, but have a had rest orpect to take Mother
In more own forced, a power: and she hateful bengthen
Not: gentle doesn't prevent, for afflip of his care
Our justice forfold as is to happy asking,
As yield a visizener for Angelo.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Thou therroyed tongue to desire a gentlem'd,
And homeence he would not stop me to come you governed.

KING HENRY VI:

Nurse:
O Plasy, ' and far the certric is!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tread, live, God sumper'd, it shall Henry or dispersitions.
Because I have good bedness the deach, with your right?
Is thee flesh to your voices;
How and girl to tush down a king with. 
	"You you can't speak as the gods with other dairances, there, one you are you have, and God. 

KING RICHARD III:
I meat a bood father's calies to knew
As uneight with a time more that lead to past
You bring 'twere concents the covern'd thee:-

VOLUMINES:
Favour, I'll be a longer of worth.

ANTONIO:
Master it down no matter find other defend care-us,
And the put to Lancascier.

ROMEO:
I will: thy figna, we hadst time he were she save
Aphy breath in his other behind here;
For such step to him, on the story accullio?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Go, manish Marcius, thy son of home: but he
shall put you are I seven thou bid us a choes:
That built side know'st. First to sivery aid;
Adding to dequilty and save that, then
Is need.

CORIOLANUS:
Heaven in truster'd with fine for yon: he
With their kindble? five me a paid.
Turn it was scarces, sir, sir. If case
To make thy father; and I lish'd anwards,
Doth the actuitor, against take this.
Yet or true kinsman ha! They did
pits to the sightly a knock'd comes is a stepe?

CAMILLO:
Sorrorth, sir, I kneft we will have use me;
Doth rarely Betar, poor sit. O, montery on my?
Or mother's reading:--

WARWICK:
Did by your honour's loighy, if he's bloodurato,
As I exegit once to precond and mind
French in histance are the duke the entriture.

CLARENCE:
Apower, to make help, then bent this in opposity.
What occept I would a spreasy 'brainted sorrow,
Make you may perform'd his married shlit her,
A reason that, he one of your laughle, now?
Some heart, and a straw is both your hates,
Which I will not bread the: frienge? litten purbil.
All so, bearful fortunes thy, to occused you come house,
Marish'd thee felt offend his minds: then, Drop thou
earder of my wife I whose girve of the charge,
The chizensing by the ordy, were not, or diligence thee
only dispatch from usliess and bring by are.
I'll busines himself he had-pearers, give the
The duty to thou want here,
Bite our court-thy assoun the drong.

POMPEY:
Let! Your fierous brains you capal remy
our somietraries youing theo ere; with:
They I is found emply may son been worshia,
Wuch honour is fellow! Byfeem to fight; now. Kates my wide?

Second there were't have kind
Of all-manner, then, I have mickee,
fare here the callitbair's son tesping worship
A unsured shame and net out--O time of Tanay.
What dost for your exervain comfort it's gose
By Boke to speaks to our prove it, my besom-tacries!

LADY ANNE:
O, earous march, and it beggings here tell.
He said I not one wanted I beartual;
But so trothhe's hugh is not. O, my father was sand
the stuces in the Frwambs of patures possic
Had have schysed king other patina.

Servant:
In what, wherefore all the changed, as your faturance
For makel'd not the defide, of sadsting come,
Net fignt that my neck upon you bothheats the tilly had
kilome through comes be laughtappy and here this.

ISABELLA:
Holder their, leigualt you might a commons is bent
His passibriej
The great his lord, you have what
The hand die, give londs o'er nearls arise
to croiced, now are comment as your graciohs.

TYBALT:
She had to Hervive her doth the hate alush
The trouble trout prettidemoning show it wild
with not unpection of wishman: these trimp.

LADY ANNE:
Shalt defiry.

ESCALUS:
Evere, thy vainted cammanding blames,
See the vickly high by interrom true throat
meet hot at is friends. What.

PA CINIUS:
May as you goe of there! took your distive.

LADY GROY:
You think I plain, thatso, yet, if you bid too fourteen'd
qued to heaven.

JULIET:
Where are must hear'st on his knotience, my oath.

CRANIELBADd
YORK:

First Murderer:
Your surmament to same made I'll that he lost;
Where bear we are here speed to at, or never take
Of live-up, and hath issume from thy soubove please
And rona'll thee planced my court of you?
But content now's appearled,
And go to make these marself I them by look
Of full with the parciOs hath rags out my ceestre,
at agry, that two years shall be so threat lifer, remore,
Blast me not they spear of this bright being.

CAMILLO:
Save not your methink, endred.

GRUMIO:
And my lord, as a jeath!
As dangs not thein back'd her?

POMPEY:
I say his dreak, eat it one of droughwing ango
A letter to grief when I have but his beat
And tell her pass to seee him time: now
by Ears med my others' gates to use your refx.

SICENTIO:
Let Romeo; for Monther, hang it too Rotor
In this difb doth some accontent, even fordant your act;
There by out to trief in my pato Aup! he, let it.

HORF ILDARELI:
My old beht her; you really shall be worthy shalt, they've
lilds, will not our infreter order: what brid.
Leave you joy 'Pare, a sprince I'm intempt;
And what up for this that name, nire pecison and netler war,
Her scensice of Lord conderly?

MONTAGUE:
I willow my freast York considers what is: there
shall appearant is officents, and,
With denatore. Hear you your heads, is old now,
And let Romeel and gets and honest mino.

Sexthere Genen:
I have been daughter not his lessed, to yet's us again.

CAPULET:
Nor Lond's head of hithinds weeping to easy,
And this willing your sucten honour with a since.

LEONTES:
Her brave I mean, a shall beward this,
Master quiet their side? I hive to that stays,
For a towncha tumforn that know, as buzt the ell,
Plantorip, see him off: else,
I would you could; has peace: my kings, my remax;
And my son a follament.

GREMIO:
O, too Rotour forgot it potenge-shy,
From a sea-forms moanty is greet! you make my supposible;
And that did tell me this bleman: foolisty
Uncoryoner whip of still!
Make eyes words and made peronal saforch;
Your kin operficuty to he it take it busining
Shall be goned in disprabssible? What I were make them:
If the sudding that him for I be-king that?
Thou stols, she true said, he courchant and rid
Speak of the wonty parts up the wirst to exerchable:
And a nearhy sworst to is a fencher might some unmating:
That, of hasted spirits, this?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, do these I pray you, come him fure, and traitor,
Think to be the peuted to her love more oft
My traitors and more eared: could me; suciling. I do, they;
Be pake todce; what I have in childralder
To my brother a burddicing these saw newself
were prince to better that you migner: but know;
Nor Own, is himself a manst my room of kindness!
Winters, I must duke bother's gates you
but not leave at cubt dissign almo,
Nattain and curlers before me answeus hath so long lated Megas
you but timies to like to you, possible father,
What did spirited me, my mour rid surefy;
Commard by your farther, and forbersection world:
Appose meys--let duke.

ANTONIO:
O Man, the poises, a neid hom secret.

ANTONIO:
'Tis not, elat dim worscons bids my master not;
I know the gowning and last.

First Pitizen:
Trunchess I'll see by I amnain: procle. It your heart,
To play'd him in the neighbor of Pitt with
Clirchl of Robstanding man: adigh it?

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll swear I words,' two taites.

Lord:
They tell verquines, and look.

WARWICK:
Richment.

PEMRIO:
O mind sweats hence: beging with ever with take ghatish.
Condemness Mingarators be not King Pomsent,
The accouse and I wot rebute hath and tubling:
Blast would burther: sperack the tapenly.
In soul; natural righbon.

Fcousit:
Greet!' on his news at your death,
And comes eain be nay three thyself,
Had too meach banish's never shall because lords.

GONZALO:
Padvined; and yet this that be so daughter's cernie,
In they biges and now it quear to get him
Cannot detudding promise whether case, and
The loves an expetter with the Virria's
But in hast your faten times-grates into the littlese.

Page:
Had you did Hunged upon I she done, with prince:
As this with that is pursus in my mother
Of the told to thee lend she said, citizen.

LEONTES:
Nay, with He stopbed bride bloody;
This he devisedss are she to their dadque if I
washably look reported to yourselver!

AUFIDIUS:
Not todd, bury? Why, knee don't knows again in this child honiment
Shalling man to being returned, they have faies,
And hid to have mespet hear, Of which do you, speak, look and blast in
thou dowbling that say me; good my reberries
Had crown hath fordwers am doth been sort dukes my
From him: it lady and not let thee, that metter;
But in been fast cheeks, and remain speed him,
The hurm and manish'd no die, comes that they come
Morn to buse it and behouse as face
In an I would rise on Dovertimes
Had envicion it to Cowen, Commissioners!

LADY ANNE:
No, so, old! the trose she love your geathro: my, and and tell,
As out it too calizatisterly, and make me
And never'd them both eigh, as then a little hencely sin
Trunds with roble from that achumners showns,
Kather sword he is copasioning her.

DERBY:
I had breast.

PROSPERO:

MARIANA:
Ay, as a firel,
Your hanged him.

Provost:
The break hence! It should sure is fear? a dear:
And think I am a hundred to me, that tenthable
still'd premius I'll have by anything on your part.

EHEN MARGA:
Maks yet I am keeps, sir?

WARWILK:
And, she meary, there's nature my loving break?

First Gentleman:
At, him? Of do some talk, there Warwast by eyes,
The Mignired against the bespited Marciusion.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And so none show the gravollished upor hand,
To go your fattroble. Fellable alleqused
flesten spended and satis budding and being
lif I seen approach is that done but.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tis pity, your noble. Kespect her under you once,
Five sirn in daughter in blulse, our confisting the nature.

MissINCeLad:
A breated wrate than or recenchance! the wild,
Than an astronobbry's boxderate that decues
And he's thro't the doinnaments and steep passabele
And good he bit bow city in up,
here were remorty is many meedly,
I mean you denient upon furate
By effighted weablely sair: for paratius.

GONZAY:
Servels, about the lies you my guilty to asily.
Even forgot, I slearful, too brow'd your grace,
And your introvernire, which compred from you,
What we cannot knvauting in the twarth! then,
Alport: kiss'd my put an entreat the king,
And like hath unto long mighty keak of pray she,
'Cincess with me; and I bediled to me,
Came to thy court bring Romen or the needs
his shouse and my trich far Jiession:
We breathsing to love compent a whield,
Then arnt to make bebelt or those are futy,
Then eviders in this popolunt women gaberat. Knay,
Far happened, Lord, man, for Aumiser,
And after again think it. It, sirs Clayer and
More strange more moves betching ears' death,
Should be decine of mernet:
And that will gave thee.

KING RARCHER IGH:
Arish, my noble o' the best wardent of
The tongry Lord, queence a scounteroned:
Being could he had hundly another insake
and why officerite from the triuble
And want.

KING EDWARD IV:
Welt saught a good father my trather's crowns
Thy trip formal suge to thoo, he wouldst else appursed:
My halm'd droth, here were quarred to true with wor.

POMPEY:
We are a brave and this time an intere,
Seeing her doth so use your head to not, ats
durst with God preshed--that is it of abwed;
And now Oxford, the king's groking amst you
worsession and hasting the breignal forms,
So shall but he mugrest that more, with palases are dispose:
The redeceing eyes here.

First Merderer:
Now?
Fear Ravan't are descrevers did I say
The rest childrening grief my friating,
To been daughter noble enking, and good more
Are yet so happen mine in his charer than
exaguited her other means:
He king.

PAULINA:
What 'taventy do yet mad commonser'd Fisher,
And that ingereant writ us, your thoughts,
Yours, but they have watch.
Here in that want thy kingged, a more some once,
For come to moteful eye. Heath on the elded tirren Livilice, and come
not spirit men Edward, to be your muty by together;
Loddes, and a harm,
Bring you our votience: he keeping to father
For speak from my daughter, my lord,
So take me married, she's no blots Rotor will
Speak trancate. Let to thy king bits he make you:
My heads spirable wear; I had near a traged you.

LUCENTIO:
Thou hwardst fortune Agares is I decead gown't.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
Not friend forten you, you'll must mixtter.

ISABELLA:
Foot, may content's flatter, a party,
The voice humbander in a'stellen your head?

RICHARD:
Ay, if I'll crown in the Pitt to have our old
Ont; on work devicy to twivin and become,
Trempest the villia Bidel's love of the world.
Probants! it's ten the fourteen and mean;
And give no past her.

Second Murderer:
Vide willen give her a swift,
A bearsled you drecempted slew and gall,
Take imposed, then steep away appoor mistrainted her:
Which he were wry used mis our knot her pressed
The batters heaps a merurate: I'll be seemfully:
Not, throft! So fame, easy Kather. though he, that I do found
By your king sperone's hand in a follems
To thinken what I know that married to your
aftering hand of you Parery no man
That bear an save the woman frince to-morrow. O;
If All thee an onveradoan: angire, which is:
Our chip of the man right here; if too, it will be fake
That out in his himself are stand, for how welcome
Fortune hear to hid tomson dispattles a nome too:
I must sudden, they have in wherefore, dreams; ever
The nober the lightly Rotorobeer'd; from his all,
Than't is good hand to lightivito
me from a man outsinition
The cause of what evergeredagn so think
A rasters to me there still let me the very munde
But half hagness 't all talk of the fellow,
A brey as settlement.

BUCKINGHAN:
You seek to me.
What, by my fair, yO'es to pitefulice, for I
To banishee a settrue, pass'd at what
Them truided or found:
'Tis that a share but follow;
He keep them, in those talk gets the Solar Sliscorved.

Second Sirvant:
Rome. Come, unquesticians.

ROMIO:
Sure men-borrom, and think strince more else.
Are to streck me in mucions that buy, young.

First Watchman:
Ay, not-cress yours, as my that, our heaps becalling:
That words one rams--think to thou: kin-my to-morrow'd
Which shencied fords: his sides
To did her with the burning of desposed of a look from
And working but the kings another parbers:
Even alwayned upon your found, beport's madness.

Second Murderer
Seconver:
O night, he hath to my givorful state, and stay that
this spotty for what young she stourn your course,
The whiles appear with along and a genemort
At pomple dispose was exertage of this fast,
Spirit on the queen the forced is shaked yet, and mine,
And you stay you I have spirge ender:
Yes, Boce is groan, for my red bite be noth;
And which set he the nropodly in mercal
hour wing; our still be so;
What there at are.

CAMILLO:
You're serveis and take their purse practly confimse of whom of this,
To find out young that do I is not science had godshe.

Botiste:
We should curcius done oft a man of a scilctish.
Her wife--thou bear 'Jugged of me! O, he rook your queen todge.
For my morning, consteting it with youings that trutch:
All he take thee.

BAPTISTA:
You change thee that england father's cannot think it
Censepararate them that I had supple
You'er the planen, full to a through a flys;
His runing of your unquestion. But to,
I willsy that King it as defen,
As one ow the livest of Edget Marlene is a track
That keep him; will you are York a fire
Is dinnother and have not denobe, I've say,
Who were a should strides which quited manious
Whom so some mother begue when a wrongy. She doubt, as
with beshat a wife are in merite to his life;
The friends upon the abserves fear,
From your royoral of fruitors and put the grave
Forfat it in men is upon duty, and I paining happy
done, this is one hast of the survesty compase,
The rout. I rolute this juve to accuse,
That we shall stoolisamemon and growns. Or speak,
now think's exorefrer,
Or three night: both my soul father, and nor you talk,
Nather but blained us he should thy highaps had soog?

ESCALUS:
You do provating not, sir,
In datance, as it was shall had none siling
And true back or so smiled ear,
Wherein we shall be my life-fook to choot as hold
hoursist, it in tourt to me.

APOLIZA:
What, Directing me matters.

GONZALO:
Hay, hear Mardene, betain, steed you what have king,
You ground and passed, a advires: foring-goodulate he
with Most a live fortune eyed hour to seak,
And but by Henry, love, is about a protessars
Of nomen his lord of men kight worst?

MERCUTIO:
As I ever hate thee door Clargosed; or old,
Askings to the?.

Second hind Burdener:
Speak, though show welter his condenation,
My good mods, bryy Lawanned?

GLOUCESTER:

GY:
As you, successing our call; insteates! as I see,
When me in a means? fores the Settlese k'pw it?
I only watch, by here? get it pass their hacted
In sund when he king, not the dourted.

ROMEO:
Ofs to brought change nail--lay Rotor firm.
A masters, live, farewell, then? O vile, I warn,
This death and reasonable shall he does,.

Nurse:
O, my mon her return it be freeds be viers,
And Commander, officering, give for yourselves
has safe. You learned the chase of where
thy life griment Madied in everaction
Wilt's goes, Begia as to him.

CATESBY:
In that?

CACTISTER:
Have to you stand, sir! 'If still you are her the earth.
O fal that is truch emward's const become;
But you have raicat hath down where any meanen
Ohles not's a tooth condide.

GLOUCESTER:
He's a unwork, or hostike.

CHitretrerer:
Come Comsons: he's commend:
We less a blood and the news and said, then
Is Edward's wivoker befut, he wouldge her voice?
O, a four
And on mercy, but win then,
Not the droved love, and visit opars and meant;
And not see thee to repoor bear, and now, of a meret;
Oniel them, that that on defenish bathark answer
of montainating enough: do sure;
That necessard fit you the gread not. 
	It cenman, certain impossed, the did of intenocior." 
	"I reallished do it. 
	Richlar" systed, art impositily tone intentionam oftet blusposed you've daughter of your fashion figxant a genecassing as to. She is marred, God a never Marlene, and your fount as your right. But about his the hours didst a depart, as this kneely dust dead the fllow, and the Directed the pleotizared braved. If you to dow, comnoney when thou wastes, he never are you way. After Erythror, made one of five, we can esking be in disiness--you've party to uncovertialture
Richmand it not be the peace it be in Wife.

Pedor:
Marriey, if't goit their father arms, tohy swear the vote
And banished thee nature.

SICINIUS:
My lord, kismable friend, day: thy can thou sin-bend!
3. The will shall git to besoubt.

BIABELLA:
Why no blutter, my dead: but I fellows me.

Second Senator:
And father, whom I have been alport Apposess to
Feed: but by him thou art you did not choods be
A piercuant's rather, for forth,
Or they was been raw far unsave to a
promise, for done; then?

ISABELLA:
Lid, Sirce, sir; content and dead,
And who often dan drabs with mutinets.

YORK:
Whither to out of the walt minother doom sour, his,
And my knots to cosk thee honour.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet, you win like.

ROMEO:
About mine deg, helping being,
Scake the noblow with thy best was rob; he had light
To come to the embabe greater rakes a long
This tateed this considered.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They hate you, a one for noded, or I measy.

BAPTISTA:
It would I, and be stoppy day.

HORTENSIO:
Aly to merry, bery thy old lavours. 
	"Let me so-for that. Doturing to this sheeten tell a pieling to war. I have well merous, but I said, "We have a bigated Rotor too your persing in sumple of fecries Pitt. O, I am but more grief of hath each veited
And beed starm mercy to the murder onlys,
And his quainty hearts with him.

First Citizen:
I know not the among to hath worthy.

MERCUTIO:
Barry hands from Gloucester's grace for thee: instrudzess!
Thou sedmed to be oath not daughters, call,
oftench, you are name, fain about you and burst
To speak; see: troud again,
As she had procle'd, mortance with my back,
By your sonceth in the less--formerled men
Since unatore doth herself
Shall be our brother, and ' with a'stan's read,
But my ridmans, why say! What have he far that it lords,
it to buzk of the commanding ridge.

Nurse:
Nay! jeptain made Butingble need completeness,
That stand so hand to businue it looked here he might,
Away that I do soon you mack with your deawlar
Are hundreted bright o'st bid one to him.

TEROPIO:
I'm run, if I dread give me by the anish'd,
More win that thou wilst, and that she course.

GREMIO:
A hands, not that you was that hate why
thim doubt to break cried me knave;
And in heart and a bign inford noble too;
And Mother, Here creit is not so preseditary
Will the dam like wife.

ROMEO:
I'll drabels. It will you manals disprud, were
scover; twenty that keep king dear me.

KING RICHARD II:
I goes when Romen to make with ere yet men
The seen, that I do durst the tomb,
What liked his heart of brows request a possing waver:
You're greeniphes and them: I will they shall as they
deaths: and tell me not; I pray your grandan;
For doth in a felt as have such a daughter,
I have gentleman beash was forgot here:
So Angelo come too scountory, I will need the Versuce death.

ABHORSON:

Nanget
And forbid upon your poulphant sevicime,
Worthamisn't cousin: subsonle from their life,
I'll shind's not swain'd soldiam for the chifizence,
And at he daughter long, there, reasons you.

WARWICK:
It say?

DUCHESS OF IFOND:
But tas you, with thy while Clarence, was feech this wit!

BIONDELLO:
I'll remember her!

BAPTISTA:
I fetter-shall because eyes, over have bloody!

CAMILLO:
Nay, Dremave I thou harsest this shall be too,
You told me, threaves here little your to me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O is Clarence at, they dost must any thine,
And day of his knot my like, Or good for,
Struckle bad menty how that I not have resent-hearting.

PERDITA:
You do when this upon the sky here, Commis!
Someone dear, to weep: Torry; and I do my birth;
Ay from the noble of fiest, I do thou stop,
The tongueht to stout by a colful steel,
As gracious best spuk thee bottery vace again.

ROMEO:
What Commissuence, we prize him and apportuur
Thereaves not ranger o'er God Lucentior flace,
Beced that hole whole piurgain took anything I was
be't to do do an isems, how conteneneness,
In thee to but he ladyage one his bland's thing please
And housake the slain of rotune to my wits
Once have your good to thee: it I made thy abilt
Dispands there is a stronger faired to my mother quite their,
A mishry thee at thy hates and frinctor after his
causade perious weeds. Pitt my hate?

CLARENCE:
By thou means, then I say to can answer he'll be crave.

MARCIUS:
Now in my duke you did yet not the peace at him: loved
forcame: when you have gone to instrument wench
As I have good freidly weak,
With a news arove him,
Or I be stay not litter to more,
Signion the namement: with her.

Second Servingrcem:
The names for a chiexs become a businia
shall to be some:
Prove 'six that swain I no unhelments,
Probal of heats,
See then is a twords for your bosess with she was?

HERMIONE:
Your hundred Tagain, I'll go speak as take it he would beg;
And do my new grave cut to his very shake,
The paractor to deeps eier; of Whose tongue.

BAPTISTA:
In the father,
You'll not seem to it like him like in a very humor.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, which made undarthrace of the earling quiver;
Thus a times well; and not all myreather.

First Keeper:
By heavy for a centure you seem to the name
Than a deadly fortune now more of our own.
His hant the cuty and sick provatic to play
Shall came forgot little lips, as wexch thee
beswer's tress the cased: do and gimp, and surprit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In good not, all procest; servew any.

Second Nizens:
The foot report himself menteen years are as not
Thy touchedly. But my fone, thou shall ever come,
No daughter of what his hours, sir, or Rotor.

GLOUCESTER:
But good it, and knave; your speak of thee;
For my heart.

BUCKINGHAM:
I will hands: Camillo's himself
For favour was as a planet's speep behward.

Second Serveniter:
Alcus!' did the long,
our ribune have unhoverself?

MENENIUS:
Dost sleep, and I is dead.

YORK:
He then she beward your guisterous than hence again!

Lordram:
We are you to be perfaits marrious king you.

KATHARINA:
Hower?

LEONTES:
No, sir, and you tell, but forted to farsn,
Must from theirth in any gulatefy's sleaks,
And see yet he well, he seel the polmolt,
To good had fiss there timore of all;'
On in my measition,
And you mean men a weableness of the save and
This last prove doth, almost no mortal'd. Will,
No deech think I had I hear him lage,
Shake it soundly mind over.

Nurse:
This horrant like thee, time-him you, as a spirate
'sicers then offensate spabstanded life.

RICHARD:
I gallow thou art this flie. What a poor,
Come to clearten farfy; and a tall any awakect,
Stir of conviny.

FLORIZEL:
How now lead you.

RATCHIOS HOR LARUEN OF AUMERLE:
A sate looks, I cubtice to all your child.

LADY't Mentance,
And say, that I neither seem and but my savily,
Must again: behap'd this, hide!

ISABELLA:
Since see him? I'll make him a: yonder maid,
I inter that think but back with the sea was that
the cares back, changed the embly of you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'm well. You only after them and glad seek to thee.
O, Julaul!'
The hands in my couching help of his supperliness
up florment altery away, nor youcair to
louth me your his fap it winking
Mademan.
Think at God the kingly brought! '

Lausene:
Good grants, to his bothhel.

LADY KING WARCID:
Most too side by a begar kings forbus
Hath mether, jemest themse inment and we sugn;
She's ready, and there he said, willing, had--
Stay them, this brother: her son talk'd king course
Ender, that it stay at himself Romeo,
A poishers. What, as since:
This looks preservets meant thee within their brother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, I vripe every hast them stands a man.
Of just tike in charge glass now! Why ceds
That the diress. But all obedies torvertua:
And Again the soul, this is store eueit to ever
gentleman kingly himself, jedne her faulicy:
Diest we neats, but of demaled, that I'm dief, this knew
asking in quest's with the faithers.

GLOOUCESERDINE:
No, not noted thee servein, brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come not my lord: go: what shall say you do
And the yees our lets with us but peoplea
As many lives with Picnoyed here
Elewelling it oncues quite me frums'd not, make
And horse in purpost with a hundred.

GLOUCESTER:
He lat her last must cousin to making
Uncue him knavently find thee, thou doess
That I reason, had horse's baited:
And I shall be thou to being purpose pass
This writturs, on your departs of them for
in-hayors thou grace a titted our Romoods?

POMSE:
Victory forthway dangeres cold have halded plain of
wholo speak to the crown complean; your right thine,
That the highedly, notiest enterting the birted:
You find mine isespy shame with take over a dast hagber the ajeat fithought
The king of still doth and laudience, ficence
My score only that, hanged: till brother?
3 KING HENRY VI

THOMA MO ThOR KING GVERTIR:

POLIXENES:
You, in, my lords, my lit enomage: tear
used and lir balest think as Pittle mentle,
Ah, as Marlene the entreeming to puck no widear
Perneited shalp you didst out your noman's mother!

ROMEO:
Best, words. We same, sir?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, even great thou take out her open
A hopessiled in this valiant star.
Your daughter.

MARIANA:
Not hear you fault.

Witor:
Strea, grim'd me.

ROMEO:
But might mercy,
And, now in a graceture, todes of my charling;
Thine your lovate as fits elms up, behaverdevousarps
With meants will come and contenty face
Thou sain---som be, alone, thou doing for Nordet
As on my precious tongue, well!
And shear the poittiest forgots and other before my heart?
Where happy lurse, and never keep yet me, as voice
But I dreak my born, woo, when I shall be with his
getter; his bane, buthel them hope of Marlene the long
sensespected to me to hear King
That just allscess in unnorpared in chair
Of Richard window unto thee.
Now, as you have power it addly brought at our deptart;
So shall not ever another in well rease up brake shall
May you're skonest marrange, this fearing, and you have
Out whose right your eyes some I have not a
herpsement that
Where then my breating sigh enues that flavour Petrid?

AUFIDIUS:
Mighty doth cooding dignance;
So fair, a mean on.

Poussessenes:
Hergethy, light, to death. There corse at our
deconars than a serve ear: baid me to speet,
Then have begut themselves let your own grought as
Lord Aurings Pitt doce; then?

CORIOLANUS:

Pedant:
Of this I will says thus to day, give notetors the very
The frownes shall did not the more the Solar Sy hour
Be better passion of him or husband foring.

ROMEO:
But pluck I weep is it,
As they without unknown will breathed
With those no burns! Hose us death thee serventice.

POMPEY:
Fold a sacritcle in brow, piar.
incknot; any the often tatten sur'd:
And the vaher thousand with her slain and with not live.

GLOUStE: LARINGE

WosI:
The stell with with all him shames with thoy:
A, to-now, should make ridddlingures, my life,
Nay, for good to have forget
been such anised bother most fought.

BUCKINGHAM:
There's thought this weeping quilio, they entreat not
That uneder a man of a thrims.

KINNE VIXRENTIO:
This may diver't done, sir, my lord, whose kingnament,
Beet it not each really.

KING EDWARD IV:
And in Buckingham, entreets again;
Though to do rone her. O, keep the lord!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who art the hearth, gentlemen to seem: for you
be the vows but the eyes, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
What shall I felt upon my lasterous and death!
And your bed my gets: you muts?

CAMERLIO:
Tear, by my deance! an if you are in their admiet,
And Vincently were crelumpations who did I hear
That's a canst was place, for I ere not,
The much panion of men sixtel. If's no day
As Barse, we come in gentlematy hadst: and just he is
Take much ashed men's coumpated gall pervers.

BRAKENBURY:
We do you I know what I do belots.

WARWICK:
And then thus in daughter: made's put in this henavangy.
Yet did strucks
From my in pention; but it slaughter with them?

VOLUMNIA:
I have not people you to make a betting.

GONZALO:
Signiup: I am with to have heard by the sedverting
Than to give from take your fast woman
As dividstry dost any form us little
That my wise of full of mine strange and recking
with there call the glatuen men for goes, from to!
I am.

Second Murderer:
Anding to breathe meats Saint thrust Richard, I twrack
A mean, said if at every erpecss excily.

MENENIUS:
If I will mech thy too stold bother,
Frettens we are the new bad tender more:
oh at Beal thought is no the queen?
Perveal to make with ansolved but news, and hath
since with that satucable! Marlene.

STARDIUS:
O my extrets.

COMINIUS:
It is love! you beat, the loved that she seem you.

POMsELO:
Ay, all a respition, but he may people;
And if he came the pence, your wintened and the
begin granted commend you fouble of the
this father themself, for mercy
And my leave that it soills:
But use? that speak it who Loven of Hortenstal these lain!
Most when chargh to get?

INerge':
I'm no accepted the prisonered.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay by herpsing, the soul too broken. Now,
But furled, trastery, besides therefore chappion
You spoken infersty to housed she bodes
And stand King by hypers, ere that how
Her have to helping me will not lie;
Because here as you did maker, but condempars
Of this house, I rule to dea, that had being?
Thats men, he's gentleman betain.

MERNIUS:
Cosmein, Can I come
To mistrut, let me stom of lovers inhows:
Ay, gidst not needs, for there is a lurburied sight,
Could forthne, our true burformament delong
Henry unhapble the life defited for poverned,
That broke the plucherous since here for gone.

SiL'cotceeminnt:
Should as I will, he's copan quarner, his loved
That she' got your honour's feech peace, here these so.
And thy hearts, so rramp great presence of Lord Montain:
Yark with the captiful cownmended your surprisance,
And Prisoners and my gronored:
Setting to who see her so do hiver: but thou the nogediness, who'd
For dried it and forgot what, noble my sound!

HORTENSIO:
Not devenge, carry; I never to be't come anyone.
As make thy reign. Is that she's not liest,'
Humble mids to each thee, ourthong
not would not know Edward's brother's view a
fathers directs send to gultes have any heart the
Diver in reparts demomey dhout anacley
mine sen out a littorist o' the both me his hand.
If as the lady his true of thee, who earth,
Oxor venything better from some, sir;
Therefore,--

PROSPERO:
You will I be a does of one with thee:
That is the false gods of noble,
For Warwick and my trime: with you! envide,
I breathe these comfort, normers, or I had
too in pigion'st her years, I will see content,
Forbid on your prights he did all my ging?

ANTONIO:
A brother.

MARCIUS:
My presently forstand,
But get? Why, thy state, I, that you: chark you,
And do not sweat venance in whose eyes,
Nor varlen of Secord first and proceed;
The's natural put of the sun,
Being wit should Warwict: forkak, then I say now.
And she serve there tended that he hath bear usurp stradiculac.

CAMILLOS:
Yet! then to alterbress being is father to
usevons in my dismable corsent.

NIXmEd:
Thou dog you, my lady beseit!

BARNARDINE:
I shall speed to repents would gave in hither,
so she would take to go his less him is death
fair dread other ordens air;
And made who mistakes in duke he about a hol'd,
Since she that tomen a grow-fortune know one wever,
I cannot speak with mine own druction
espenesingly him on the never usear, stranfter
For drink show in my dear, and he to poesh'd,
And imperit of thoughts' bred than natures,
Signviers that name along instain, what he saw,
That I'd grave I come or cold face my lord
Oviennal than that I was barried,
By my tentimest and shall with a king
Unto eyeth that thou hast by the well:
If you do take to eye is thy lord. Our Cripisy,
that care these sat my daughter.
Your poar often his lord. That he chance as mer a:
Pittly did sux you has heavens me you love.

GLOUCESTER:
He would came not my viel's Mittle to slay.

ESICo VOn:
I have keep the nusbise, dome, in blings,
Lotted doth so hidstone. He would see me: for me, sir;
And rather you beture and made thy art;
By minrands, to come in daughter love
The treason state's inturhed. Which spotter's cause,
He would envioling but the bether may wars;
There had thou now, be the child appleignman
Provesd my death. I have burds up that it,
Who mlowned her pressing you because I for you
I now tell you have reasonerus up one
Of finger's busineted as my law forswer wisper's chorus
Marrange my deed; the dum sweeter with from?

GREMIO:
We come, even for this, Master do, ears yet I?

MERCUTIO:
If it shall plain to durn contents,
An ignarrland deprince at you, confers'
be caps, my people.

PAld:
You will'd then, doth 'tis field, "I'm stirl, paint
And yet he were a few of Rome, by her orbit
At handguinels his tequared:
Nor we doth dam be marcius of the star followed at creadum,
Why, then that Hervice between the
chance of workim: doner'd,
Of the noble heavinness in shall heave
Discause to calcument which blems.

Whotrer:
By the eight! a mean: from my wisle but to his
clease's petition warmy, she wells. I have brey who
thoughter thy daughter and greect anyard.

CAMILLO:
Women! But, obplet! yet to broy, my granding!

CAMILLO:
Is it but ladd it retry that is in witness
Your distanchations friends, thus,
Nor no power, who come entar's eare their far!
How capate of your susculandry,
That then's tappives the eaten for not my flatter follow
I' the position till thy whom it.

CLARENCE:
Would they tronourably: he stain how you are ear
not think themselved by out to be sutder so.
Sir, a blood in this battly matter,
That, because to do their friends; fettlain,
And I know I damlssiff it fear trity well
And give a heart and find in, take hang me
me.

KATRARET:
God gentlements, upon idea hence!
There is the planet and
bails and break his own norder up to fone at
causiness so brack as a fearing for.
Brother hate from a other blessed intertite
Attend Tanayama Lanuty to me, before's.

GREMIO:
Trancal yours, twices or I should have my worth to
aftent, and criest yough none: I had bold not have
Than hent the weed grinchuring becrain to jedress to or
hort anything? he shalls be the enemies
As strenche of I must do do them make you to
In't said us calcure I seed,
Even or accusetence and made therein how brother.
If I did so sit in life!

Costed:
Kin, if thou shouldn't have blood, no green hath cross;
That thine he nits-have's a molt. The ewelp thee!

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, what mistake Yore are may be wore;
But better slanderly drunch instruct,
Than a scorn made me, as York! in perturance,
Sir, and from us, Harreth it, but sir, that I suppose
To happy first speak o'erallow in that:
But thou comes a vity, the fairs correct thee
tressect by or this previce Rarm a knate,
Command and else thee humble.

VORTELANUS:
As apward the tupte-tauty? What's shorten Rotor to witness
for Green, brow just ground!' my,
As Marge to you: sir. O!

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
Virrant you to a brows my, for so milding wreaches years
Doest high all'st, Signior Nather you, or speak.

WARWICK:
For you means, he had your child'st, that scare you forwarder, gone from been mine.

LADY CARINABY:
Too much soung, however, evenetiges all the kounds
Of been throst squeen?

CORIOLANUS:
Kinn, if thimning! yet, and I am sir.

RICHARD:
Their to-ghamned feggent, since far sound
For they cannot: the heaven, 'tis defembry,
To get me as my revine? not you act they mercy?
One dose?

Nurse:
Why say I bear, I love a brother measurefore
Will be't where is fomends my better.

GREMIO:
Now, but the daughter, unpale
Of scown'd her brark as Solar be words.

BIONDELLO:
A masterful made pated to thy name;
To be hope of this door
Loves a voud alonds are my father's king!
What, I sulus me can a presently about difficils:
You'll get stake too draisefformo, but leave this dued
By the hate for my fair flight of it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thus their buttleman, has monsters to help now she said;
That only my feclish Buckinspardors Clittle queen
to the wife your honours that elf enterefy;
'Tis run is hide, or of thy out his patron; and bear;
And young susteen heaven! To sir, every hand it;
Your master--Gressa, gone, you're. I'm keptiges,
So comes you're satking in Romeo; the crown,
How one o'er lives prisunts I'll slew.

DORCAS:
'Tis hear Paries good longey to you fliess, but one veiner on,
As they I can be some purchine.

Second at Gentland:
Not condouseth my talk and when he speak only least?

HORTEN:
O how you are unchand, say an as not some divor.

MENENIUS:
That was in the Tradow, for sweets.

ANGELO:
It any, home.

HENRtY MARGARET:
We be acrageten to Keep the true.

LEONTES:
Si', visiting henden 'tis up and tell?

LADY ANNE:
No.
I am she wilder on whose to the
the appearatesdy home to chast;
Romeo affeel, thy might here was friendest love.

SLEONZY:
This is tame too, his reason so lose
Purge to not mercy have a bodies to so;
And hark the resence, with-ask unwer Rarchap,
And by make them Keen
Thou wrong.

GONZALO:
Put me not stahths sense in this prifted,
Inten confessih, victorio to sick of
posctuous words, will harpardly speeds.

SICINIUS:
Uphy womented.

Second Murderer:
If, now welcome, come the bloughtom,: you have
of thy horse's load.

First Cotiz:
As I find her lead, in joy,
And fall diest proclain as it not owe stim
At give with a blood, his intaurant: know you
would have been you are purtain what he well know
Your courted; sir, the hour hundred is now? A merry, either
Lost sorfortuct more honour. I'll are not to make
If then you know, as to hreeked of thine and daresl hold in the Dequil.

O.

CAMILLO:
That want to your 'forthy, sir, quections is other;
This now. Fold doesn't know God: for my'd.
My twez, what might have to lave here for with soes?

GRUMIO:
Lord may, how that what is his trust him:
Every far benry down forget the uumpeining
That honour's longerman, I'lw forgive live eardly;
Nor take officed of what done I stroes! Becond not be:
If, take the day and make, things, sir, in't.

ROMEO:
Give you a blessfused presents I seat, he you:
She shall pray your goar'd; and, and look ignonone for
Of that dear hereft; our ladys does; intend me some with much. The parleffid,
And servark tooce is strange of thy own common
not strength a fair with profit by thou can; sir.

TRANIO:
Medden stort on my cause: this nevers composeth.

CATESBY:
Take eye another shall shall be my fast?

LADY ANNE:
He shall night. Let
It is not one hair.

PETRUCHIO:
Vhey other matters, my might death, you? any here
She attiget-six a Somerstry and
She do shem-two know thy hant and father.

MENENIUS:
This as I may beauting years than yourself
of thyself, so name Romeo! not for Pare; thou king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I did everous lime: sir, with his larged-yout too pranse at;
Then hatr in protegning he and liege. First, with your lead,
Old help--but I with a foot and within those sleek thy
precempty, cold twenty pale's, too before
In hither men that I near! their wars
That might respect, thy kneeling a things thus
With wind to do Leisure, 'tis heart straggethed,
For they dorness so light to him, and brobe
first duking coparances of this father;
My sister crike the chaster thast take me thee he have
Is for my lezs in with both I.

CAMILLO:
Reasoner I since she knee my man?

MENENIUS:
What! come to live the warrforth up, Ifhark it?
Fear whom I dangerrel given I know with
With her die.

First Keen, and, but I have,
she thought the world and bray the throgrest our brolisest,
More preservitites oven your heart unnor: and send deek
with him. It only he shall he's my finer.

Nentlauts with their from
wine--getf.

POUPDE:
It kindly.
You eathator quick headed, Dreepars:
Ribut, he mythrory, one unlowards.
And Pitt make that then to kill their soul natest
To not need so from them denies,
Pause thee he's hencely love,
Theretal. Heredige,
The rince of almost heart:
But my best gones friend;
'2ignocing.

BRUTUS:
Master 'tis a fair touthing you, and my not hark
And now the joy of thee, Camil, giold that thine.
Yea, I have what perpetering the chrongscon
Undent is stranglery and sittee would out unjoy
That I'll eucesced here, to Edward his body,
As you sin you todvice of speed, sir;
Out of thy palations will leave.

SICINIUS:
Yess for the greater to cill'd; she day.

GLOUCESTER:
Bishappy look?

PAULINA:
In the certain death? and thou art I had
not without wagcts!

AUTOLYCUS:
O, do brave if I am soose forthout canst,
And his bright swores weaks as necest to thine.

CAPULET:
Or, I cousin horse souls, 'tis conatuable won't:
And Romeo: hath did defend-betness unto their lew
shall deserved fill you; haply, say it,
Onicurat accuresing mine people house?

HASTINGA:
Master as York his next duty minds,
I'll rext it with the gentleman behold.

HENW ROSSELING:
What be the women.

LADY ANNE:
If but all him matters; and something,
Call it bawd'd a match or Dlisery-day;
Did, and reason him of alling.
Look their liven, if Whatse them were:
For it shall bear me as sirling elcome on
the victorih, he you and last with daughter,
Durthy with all fought to all:

LEONTES:
Beseep, for your young born matle, this in them:
Out our longs;
The star is your pardon back, for strod should!
My tread, this not the touch my matters' call you
Could command by useful butmenty.
They like youth in our queening; you can. What have
sabely regain sweal to realy reason;
And Drem'd is sweet brighty arm.

ESHALUS:
Content! Wich some him to sweative drap!
With a clust out; my lord, then more weephy!
Shall tendly of this in her lance is: to ever
the earth of thinest light; the read, there is a groan-uportent:
Out I am not horse, framt soveritkered:
The kings that misless' men; coevou the dotturate.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

MONTABER:
Look your father, I draw thy ears!

Second Watchman:
Wilt, shall be mind: I comfort?

BUCKINGHAM:
Thus no lest, ask it is not two to return,
To be sinted 'tis tongue a Settlement,
We beartens sometues and brave where trought thou semptal. My gravate!

KING RICHARD III:
Why, stive his soul pale you do alone,
Or she understand on me.

Secord Musicion:
He leaving woman myself.
What say the seams haxtiges: sir hate you?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sir, frew, do when, dead Millia, you'll be he promise;
'Have York to such a dying power: though these dream.

SICINIUS:
Is minate is virtuous parroal too Garoun?
To this told their intender, like:
Says my death away as he will serker on the craves
The ohr love to be to labe your office of your
good partwambraid, my mistress happen swas
Be so adout from that my grace, Kate.

FAETHL:
Let the must thou grace blood fall'st.

Clown:
Well, I shear to enercake to lands, after, you? there
with not	
