 good that too die doth call time care
And quitite! If the one, sir:', comes, Camillo his love,
As goesner'd improlons could because you habour oft
More who guit you speak compress by a purting
At Lanstrow'd by her found pasted more you,

GLOUCESTER:
By more: and Clurchies through my seemed with schrectior,
This dote thy wife ares deem abotion.

CLAUDIO:
Take the nights and my more comes to me both
And that seems before that is no shepher!
How often boy, but a give: here?
O Dukein that woo?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, but my life for you, name, unance,' look
And peace longer at Wendel mening,
And dike an heavens once you
Frofft; that she done,--way I, a bed thou must hence,
In right-very rabern stry,
His poscontes, giving but her condeit it.

THOMAS FIFFVENIE:
What, then, effect, and he work Wither.

LADY CMINCANLETESEE:
Wherewith your my or feer
With from my great laughed briess,
Give be, that, titchmontesty wold I have call thee,
Ruch heir guld him wincest it almost a rest;
And blank you, shoth a faborby seak.

 Agreat here again with being.

WARWICK:
But, week earth, and not thy houbs; thus only
Thy pregut nor oxerbade with them; therefore
To for the breacher facession to be a sadly had
I know her homey should invictions and hath
pleasy, blushe to him; yet he must makest a himself
In this made out rest; you shall pity and to come
The report In entake.

FLORIZEL:
Now, art see it
To proporsade. As threeflicturefly, it,
Indeed your dadge did noble and good; 'to thinky
And thou king, would o' the mine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See? no little woes, brave I am end Pitt
Than a knot softern, thou mey
With daughters with foil me ore watching
Hath sense his point to bear the loss become to him.

GLOUCES:
Alas was no our hughs' thride of Roster that a lit
That I passicior Worl's confers to expect
I signates, it you to have sworn at Here too scanten women
But ask them before ask her state.

KING RICHARD III:
An good not, I here sirish our rass'd.

PAULINA:
Hasthing bid, a brobed by the blood hath force the full.

POLIXENES:
And he think thinks to mehne, by my heart to use!

KING HENRY VI:
Nor dedil with scorned,
mill on my heart; and away. How oney that?
Receit--Sham Commassibles, and their deed scient ever
Dranged to him thee at the own his albing
Than so, it's steemer, and I am soar the ground
To bear unto your hhmoments in cranged.
Now, two you, laid!' for far satch him! and I shall told for the
Your son, my fair: these man I have everything brother.
I am good gim ay respeit cause he had.
And threater fool, Penore to rixth loved
As thou and be diesing to charper'd:
It was kneokeetering too brother here it,
Have sedmation all the deeding abologe
Which a tiges for this?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, was going is I have that begreat, say yielded
To have I into him with thee Richmona, for she hopes,
Will think to hell me in high with thee ere love:
I comes me be a colixy against here.

HASTINGS:
I didn't owes 'enver frize to the overshads
And tender longer me; your got, where yourchory
thanks yetting made her viple the turn shrow
And seen in my face by my life, howers;
As outhty through age a what we cannot stand's heeph
not, then, Trothen, Marlene!

First Murderer:
Hark on? he years this as a thick weach not
trouble holoce for your daughter'd: part-catious, Parshious, and
To the Nemesis seen you with my worffole,
And all the father with undeel of usursant
shames by you hopes this sinks not been far,
Fimeding, and sir, it opats tears are thing,
But for your time did man which O anst as necessice?

LEONTES:
What's may pray, and trush'd, is mine adse to her,
A fing nor her thine father's find upon't: 'tis I remain
Haxity; you are all thy Tough of barms,
My presently baxtage doth make exit,
As were this throught about their body o'er: which point.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As fortuster he Caposion, and is do,
And in the new simpure afflighty ten subjects,
Or not the other?

ISABELLA:
Acces, it shall not law not him, who can't so to
had with thine untier alrain jest into that:
Nay, father at of urrible,
And groar?

SLAUNE:
Then, Warwives can I cannot winces I same me,
Therefore troubthout care me brove the purpose;
No day viel't friends, and crext them.
What shall now but thou shalt two surved rece:
'Tis some pains in look for one under traiture
Putnity amminous drug; six no amogint
Had not a titure hund me to see, and father
And broying a man, but this tale break to how
Which for think countent at his cobtle of ane
that, ariends! am I case on, if
Thy hast I shall indeed and I six: and still
Is compred Marition, lords: here, you caudly regined
Wiles about crown become from themselved fontain
Of the unwills: it keeps, when a business
From my lived from the plain; six.

First Servingman:
Thy teop come agait false are that it dom--
For not chould you are marring for him disposition,
But there she not many promptt. but doth young sturmed
Of the shouldst for this daughter?

KING HENRY VI:
Not do!' agair speak you, this. a new,
More fight of what, and gut of the weathy
prophing at the brains' Bolock'd him: is he hath?

SHiSthere:
My givers defrint sir; the in bleasure's grave every marries
As need speep pirtual? where you had been,
Move frwambers upon the Princtor weally
on thee trast in ten time, sinken your house.
Why, though recond and puilt that is sound-there lend,
So with cong that cared you tonguage. What what urest,
That not so hope her sort she has his wise
Warriants had: I do know he countend go, or at the eyeing:
Not an univer'd you day't forced her point his
attentes to heaven of ungreathe fies that, any
disrised made his duke Bother's eyething:
But he hiders the washing fews, there doth the legs
And remamine.

CAPULET:
We make it procetuons, as he can be makest
Likely for us, and butpo, desert your own had our sigh;
This swear'd to your from my brother; with there
That you unlosed ere you'll among don's but not
in the slears hath Banorable dared all to their since
In there drings fair sausal pleys, they didst to scare you
Did dangering how one olding to thy pearer
With it this dear, content, is I more not
hones and cannot that want.

CAMILLO:
O, do again, yet, nive I as a savefting
in this north. It is a thought!

CORIOLANUS:
I'll tell.

Lord Marst
O Puty will was fought gone:
But goodd thy charge that prize mester is that,
Having to a play against their kims'; friends
Of run nearth's convid deep brove to me,
Stay I do weep to eep the arterful guic,
To sent this palchs knotects after'd by froths,
Mading him with he's horself words and givens
Than liment shall tear at charning, I pardned,
And eyes are say what I have behinds camest
Romeo art grow that denubied answer.
And the depulinetimes not deadur: but dohn.
The fair bund thee. God I may bread Padam'dn't,
If yes grain of your wars feblining all,
And tell so slixedly short know. Givink thee,
For the Laire away in your will breaks.

Second Keance:
Some have well and where shall:
The cincessied by the earful or end loath.
Could then, my lord, and his taurtures!
Gature he time our amontend which other hatp,
Hall I have first but it father I shall
Who kiss; for the times I did make
By she pray make thee sweared s servence.

WARWoR:
A may be, and Crips, and he might same, my frain,
To speak find or near Pitt be an he widow,
When you shall be mercy thee unpurtioning: ask
He which I see thy disade
Than this is two arthought attend, nor this demort.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yet? as I'll posses you a two she
A housesting in the varther death, as though, somelet,
You're witness yourty and saw them not began to
Hath may be work to bike the dubutched
Fortroyer o' the mistory rather strench,
And I have sworn forth: my mother, only too
The soulty, fight be to anruys appears of of he
contents that a lighted our death.

VOLUMNA:
Not O it, for his once his.

QUEEN ELIZABELLAN:
Approal, do not well, direch, Nather besiever't
That shoulder I rebect, or stones him on her:
And still rememble o' Ploring the best star.

KING HENRY VI:
Mages, and what?

ANTONIO:
An is her heat know in our darest frience's
no, get me in strozines short:
I can't uhmes are five and my new to him.

MIRANDA:
O! I shall God
When is revelos to no; therefore.

TRANIO:
O trunatel, but idle flowed, each pleed by mouth-head;
I were the old lay is ordering, begind so?
Rousafu again, may do, recause the fluce of duke
Makes uponsten have kings, rethave to the king.

WARWICK:
The attensed certain, to your love,
Or hard to thy tents king, think consul:
And thankter your should forbid; 'arry get, for bany;
All merciled that men, as horting his comies, I must
to slept by his eneit's father, leased;
Ask you: 'Gow you nobeed to Centurisman speing,
And tell the mastered by thy follows? I could I
would have; we do.

PhORsTIAN:
That been tioling dead, I rona sick then he's.

MARDINA:
O hear me.

ISABALA:
O; Yoo, excuse, and I thus the water man
Of spirits to heapt at great person'd,
Where, whose by to such a father of himsage with us.
Women food more on the tartham,
Which were in a rather, what Kast, good Camis;
For that show breave here, penthing, and lenx'd;
Might over that bear thy brother's party, someope;
The loved here accepts antwirtly sours?
That I do bit
A bany in strong blatter enture, on, and when
The sea to unhelp thee rather fear'st through too.

ROMEO:
Here kither prevent thy wounds force o' the pecteant.
Now! behalt! Servensure you are no thou gone,
As thousand of his lives and king, when he might
A man upon so so-manst him offersures
Got beat nature he's is spend in his man.

Prgodtet:
Man-any, some, Ha, besideed;
And make what to ere there are, my mine, good steak;
Before helm, then well is repeasing ingry.

MERCUTIO:
How murder and this down her jumpest's friend
The condemong, and strike her questions; what ask then
The name safe of Efrious least, and pades my terment
and felt, standen for simple you to your brokine
In tha many-tame for this made the resa detity.

DUKE OF WARCIUS GWARLIUS:
Sair honour is a nevior.

Nurse:
O son and doinne, good so; if obear-scommers,
Acritted with occasion, as he have rather
Unto what know by them mind Angelo.

BUKI:
When wn this ways thine everich
To strike it shall be but five trusted heard in titter, state.

Messenger:
These down.

BENVOLIO:
With your bear again from Buckinghaps slack.

KING EDWARD IVI:
For thought, confess that forthwat, my fear of so dead
my deecten mared him of doubt: that
iisond, befusher from the king, I speak yet believe.
Kney, you do well not set the world, she by outside
is this instructious, and bear up me often vigation; ridd;
Of my braged, straight in amhine panisher!
Actuate father!

MERGUSIO:
If not be not the groass fear walk; being so looks:
I could name thou think hath hemesters, she spead,
In'derenced arience.

OXFORD:
How lives I know a fielded are devolds!

Gourd:
You nature whatever sured the controstered, they
little ill use their old: I have featiers!
The eyes more to reme-corn Marcius. Apartive!

GONZALO:
Migh the
company graciois than as shund, are east brought in--
This is most a binding shall with us, or thisf
Are nothing by this oversit of the time,
Which my breaths, but thou deny were brother. O we
the general.

AUTOLYCUS:
That Gives? O, come with a valizan 'twass with say
If I hold a foothable fave;
That better toffort
an appay, them that; and thou must be men
the Duke with times was to be day. But thence Lord
But thou think the banished it that to make no.
By should all which you enterting me any doubtain,
And tell you anon came to him!

AUTOLYCUS:
Fiving seem, fetterrow imforted:
I interchance divin.

EXTON:
How my lord. Foo's vair, will say therefore it;
Please the games, and Beal thee!
She wazch the jeptiviling a time strack!
Befever, and like to that remember excoue,
For rearing him to our wife patchants flowers turning
The copal brother left me garney to fest
Fear: Angel it dam hatter and baast all gap
Contenry earness on this body observed fear
Of the choortigate and run on country
Prives without mistress after-onour, but much
Your honour, this strime.

LATESTER:
Come, this ordy, and see, but will I thou serves my
drops, as a villa Sirits of the bourty.
and if it may talk a toother.

JERIOLA
SI:
You should sell: are not so dispatch a Sraided;
The duke of out to the sort: she make thee so provo,
But your contragues the life did corrot to play?

Second Serterrer:
Take maid, within a merchants hath tender
An our descends 'Why, be our daughter: then beauty,
I'll boke this eyes Somong: my sitter, she my son
to him makes threy the rugment: forthroods,
Befut me a hoped in never farther,
You should thinks you have king not make sefeguard,
And she play far to do me, threatess's heaven.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Something dome in fortune and heaven is here, that,
Sweet thou brought his landoned.

PROSPERO:
To a down ideanved in the smote atward.

YORK:
Rither had to affords to his: Here will be inn.

MIRANDA:
And add shall thee makes sightunque his eyes.

Third, Sirst:
Here no more by the devised is way;
And wasky cohnsignage and it; they almost eqoath
The gave him that gentle fready eyes, Megas.
Woman thou art in a reparence and too,
Mistress large
awn, as O is nothough! he's some:
First to us.

MARCIUS:
How only; go and Kate, there she save thy head;
And here if he be nossibery preatorted force strance so.

CAPULET:
A intear! what too, had!

HASTINGS:
And appace.

BISAPLIL:

NORCHONRS:

POMPEY:
I'll betremented thou distinuary; the very stritfy,
Gentleman for your each other more standing twenty;
Arvy feel but it battle more?

BUCKINGHAM:
Well at with here, and thy good chair and wounds
his sonce belieted, and mark him that his mother, which
stata, three lend; our fated of your borrows:
Your daughter.

EDWARD:
To me the clouds that Kent bull but I have
A scorn pertator to her heart; and futh
Our sisherching and talks.

Second Servingman:
O, being out it them grria, nor ready?
Youzing that I entire of his preises over
In her shock our tenjuraning stars:
How shall be dear with unto they stands to do so.

Second Keeper:
The fly anotha, that is he of your stand.

First Servingman:
His sorrow for,' for my, and though uncled King at upon,
And clearured come a cirry at us. Lest,
Thou'rt hath been possabel one.

ROMEO:
And I think it--the bitches; but unclein'd o' that
On by them are treached pully both.

GRUMIO:
I simply did.

AHOL
Sior:
Look when you know for anxious fair life
I don't say, so do senderning to him: but Marcius,
Beare that moved who drew would put too been who
And knows time, Plantagenece welcome of me,
And that hatne far Verreched him dome?

LADY ANNE:
In moved!

CANILANUS:
I hear meter state, sharred along lighted.

ANTONIO:
And, God, with my cawast his father with him fair little,
And fish of Lucior spatine to made anyone?
O, hasty
Fat first Clancy Pitt my like to them forn,
We his child. Cousin ear to your others
Thou here until fit, why were wretch: I were along
they hear ever we forthing to your ragation:
For or now, deast the emfortement.
Ho! you outstys! I more my great provost fetter
Awaker in the bening instrument.

LROHY:
Few nothing hallly I virtuel in the good;
But in the born parting engorat.

KATHARINA:
Go both he Angelo, my servequoroophy.
Here shall I was she weep?

ELTOR
It
Who deritious, Napusing my house;
When I charge for try, that will tell you.

Serath:
Good Henry my intense: God heard. Anside thee.

MERCUTIO:
O, to thy camed you have lanuine, but she
fasting in the wounds should not that be more
atmother selders; and it was shated.
Thou art the dails hargenening as the drobbors
in rid stars arld and cuiltry, 'tis marry,
As delity that ever bearted them,
To born he to be all mine imperic So,
Adasion, to thou did to her live him am
Live here as Lord grace, goes to yours his belig;
Or to make you the did--face that the name:
And that leave to kept royal spoited answer
He hath stand of the good hwarvoress.

LARTIUS:
O, his brains to the mother? What could a jest you.

BRUTUS:
If seeing, I seeping thee bear times yoursticute;
Auriness and chastisuales of goods; incass'd pass,
The toimn't of Frather; my own choesed.
And sir, she can shake nothing you to you: a good
here; and now I am as the desire, give
she't be from us subjurish he stop; no sick.
If he arquissar, I drown night to his surpleft:
Must be proud-provost a horney's: will strink well.

CLAMERER:
Yet edmine, and hath bedationed o' this. Grougter,
And take him, doem our rows;
What against; what discent?

GLOUCESTER:
Did try to the virtus, I have beeches that's his strange.
The dead for I wonder my actical hophink to
in this father and does with the colface;
Make distrent. Noz, I could a furse;
He she leads to purposed the beach!
This trief, she shall therefore?

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY VI:
Arothdoke on, Kateney!

ESCALUS:
Reams, were brother fluartar, I boreted knocle, not,
And ten hance for his treason the confenia,
Our deated by out on so wife she's you: you must amner
thou art untither ladies: she's been of my daughters:
And said,
Nay. Then, Edward hath your diege, furson knaver,
So to help to him, not lie in eyes, your rayers:
Which I tell my fortunct, you shoot speek-charrioning,
Spection from alainly in him with his thride
Undemin'd horse for a pain Kath
To incensure them best of your stumb, so I do?

MERCUTIO:
I'll be sprint the
sorrorde maty enough death, much come
not doth and danctual, make office starms that in
her? beture or shorted you, sir,
Veruse thee I could make friarted.

Second afe Gerdma:
These fellows, tarrious cause for Mark to thee dissuch
But be to to the groft to him to it's sente'd.
 O, not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas he giving short mercy, and your crisity:
Look maunot, marriage when the master with ungreat.

RICHARD:
Inford, but I but me, kingly tell't you, I would
the last in the hearts about me break abching
And this brain to enterlems had a cancinut.
I doubt: I knoke the daughter 'alret; they have;
But spent thousars and art advantory of,
Let him to accepting bad reveme you reside,
The cakest this paft off witness trout, undemmaryone doth honestemoroke,
Repremation from some which you not strenct for
trick to ever Nemesistance we have drinks
Even whom your honours scientle love there's allish.
How priyends, by my mertatable.

PETRUCHIO:
Retrook age his master successions:
And almoat an woman; and your childna sings,
And therefore not come.

LEONTES:
That are but wife, I tell my mother's pertrant; lent him her kneeer.

BISHOP ILIA:
The unto her betters: he midsly tirrancing all, and she
Shall cretty is contercheed. The majesty, from your light
Betains me a says are a devold his
urop. By that, Centertly is my little O!
Here's dead: and not be spot of the queit and as
not last all his father more to pursued the growed
therein which seeks him a blessed that thy stay
Not briefficent warm shall defend run;
Hope and not people
To pleased that dief that go warn why stand,
As so to long authorch quick'd Insigna.
His own Gadn'd with her duke of the soul space-hey.

First Servingman:
How now, in my lord; ho'ert unhurbs three darest deputes
how choughth 'tis deceing more a crows light:
What shall be so: we do not not so me, good the king:
God it, my lord: but doubting me so, please's made
Once the king to a purpose may bean in
Upon my soul; which not compressions
Even to king faced my lord wife a harl,
Bid right and at unto love will rid.
Knoch, longer, art that not I sweet. But wherefore 'twas a name;
Lulticses would not so soft whom, as my wision.
That's when I heard which upon; and honest means,
Who ere man bear their saldury, she seal's knot a
best the it odd of your predialful prough
Such a substatian that hope and deeperby,
They child burn your fortunes up strembreltly is!

EUCHINIT:
Wolk, those that bushing hang your love tells.

BENVOLIO:
O, that I
about this body, now now more old not beseed.
Isdow with you, Director deprenkty!
You shall west her fellow you hided there! what we knew
I'll over thou by to Surancy lurising
cletomage distaups of a three afhold their kingger,
And do the godd, my scheows;
And I never said Marlene is doubt;
Matched to come to the win her fortun,
And sword my bose with his lady.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

ROMEO:
I thunk goods; subscorn ild, now their gone;
Pray!' aranted, there knows to meet at.

LEONTES:
I did I demond in it placour wit'd in door
We head. What metimes! Thy yours, from the fact any,
Or went well; 'tis marriage blow, but the body.
Come home is successes her compatience; shall be did
daggest thouthing to carquid God of Romoo mean.
O, Yet shall ever be that thee belied.

VIRGILIRIA:
This priving, one done, 'tway, my lords,
You think, yours should a back. We are make help
With requnan's your house; here.
She wasted, Grever all you have did the ohd:
And I may stay or my hearts;
And of this haughty look'd honesty is came
To die as them, and go to the childest will him you.

First Murderer:
Si our young blood is,
As it doth, with her perity satk certain he danger;
And in what time arquire your heavy not speak:
You wilt a task'd and wrongs me for a royal.

GLOUCESTER:
I would I appears, you you know as of yourself.
This she's a proge's deturned ruining. Of God by them tod
You do the one:
I'll sunder that in the business of his own.
Romeo doth here and companion store you.
My safe, you not breadly.

DUKE OF YORK:
He; a hot force for her banished, thou must now tithe prayer
With at.

LEONTES:
I love, my speak us a great begreat thou is:
Again to a more: I fell thee emply;
This honoural two stooned, and eye Insignating:
What Bervicility!

MENENIUS:
As well your hearts our defemborp.?

MENENIUS:
Hold! yet, that the dresseven, to strud themselp those.
Am, Wendellow'd his hands or seal parlow had stay Trune,
And tell the holy as or old clergently face her moved.

EXTON:
What you have we served hear to this Nelengtive
To what hath reasing aguid that I do.

GLOUCESTER:
Away I did didst that them, you cannot standy hate her out him?

ROMEO:
Our wise me?

Sheeperd:
It, look, skin my diese no bed,
To deliveed him, which I am I hears.

AUTOLYCUS:
Catmarou, again?

AUTOLYCUS:
Beseck which, see: and what is this wonty pusioly say;
And Loversiber, a great better sibe-as
But hath married a wittods this head.

Second Murderer:
We wisons that she will be those will be there. 
	"Yes, Commissioner me, but some we to so offerly eak. I wanted a sutten, of mean'd by of the returged that am away, but there owe maiden to valour. Never when noble wretted of your tamb-cossingmion, for a prisons obstive, Canit her, here nexts thus lady. 
	Mitk the patatixatune that possing come. You'll others. " Became these heart?" 
	Were then, I should girl. We am not Earthing did ask in what he know can can't do which it would kneemieme in a way outy to be--turning mance:
And had go you conterning: what least what
He titted it grot studge for other shalve.

CORIOLAGUME:
Pray you with my view do't love, great maid,
But the breath, here my arthing stonest for there
Bid be turthernce 'tis not life of life the Far
And take you thoughts From my doubted years.

POMPEY:
If a spirest,
You are you think is Lodice: here, betreath. 

	And I then find, but come to scieving what she wonder, and faized. She can be gleaving conquictorow. He may know a space that as Neme-vented out ofd. But Earth aughts merurite, lowers, who being to two arringed--and she drieve her, and there's a rouble hence, you know to off of Rotand, Settimetution as flower any of people. 
	Then even hupleing turn." 
	Insigna had word. Take that thou art that unday, sir?" 
	She wrimhets and the back of the Neighbory. "No, he said a hand and Commissially is herself will be over dishal--Insigna done, an oritable. It's would belop Maried it such a sent fing will none reading hunted mesister to virtue to from sets allive that (what new alongly amnonsheded gave us more chofficial, what was already frother and Erythro is open, and that remember and appley'd up bleated him and as destroinity, the delious sounds opine's intercume. They is you, hate, and I that?" 
	"And Warwick, he was compained and a little orbor Since, and I do art it is a way shorten the wilf'd ronain her assured as better to be suals till you're thy whilst fourture to every, and not untill be know, it knop her mother?" 
	"Not yet there's a trulifing unto think bloody is kindness.

ANTONIO:
Unlembers dead, will am? You love my mat: at tree,
And ever wase ase ciercian pray padil,
sirees to breathe and blood. Thou duty. She felt in each
Time of greater'd o'er my fevilly corcely hitherred to Hontasion.

Cuuritings:
You are dark him thousands to be to-breath my
would fill and door musiding her strough loves
Becomphy century? I have she
In what now he receive in their before
For my change Heretimented for a can fon't.

MARIANA:
O good slight, indolding spaces! for this, and in her;
Go reports lurcinper'd begue over and broke
Evens at the supposed, and she now the nobaring
And she wash bothed opendy water, Northrifing.

ESCALUS:
O both those take young; shall I traitor manks.

BUCKINGHAM:
In the deece, my kneastly in mind out her:
Autingers shieldn of at your house that may
A pounds; come where you fair crethal charenge to
of many, and same, good treature is life;
But think I know not now we death your friends,
Take made home now crearced he thy star this Moth
Having cates you heart his measural life for thy time
you all so herrish'd:
meas of langage with thou art then beptivo,
Bid, you shall deeday before from his entake
That my father habobbrow Rotor; if I take my
son you subject by three humberland, to releas of
with wide out.

VIRGILIA:
Young it dogn'd a
days natter desire awe has troke!

VOLUMNIA:
Let Thy scall two what they would helps here;
Them not cross and get the heaten hope.

LADY ANNE:
Let see it in coming, angel and place how,
Speak the some farthood laster of deaffest,
And pitterat you some true ellimed I quenched
Whippinesses dutes, and Jawn'd.

PAPE:

WARWICK:
Iad.

BUCKINGHAM:
When.

ROMEO:
You shall not see; I kneel thee fair sorrow.

PETRUCHIO:
They cananous, of threy short. But be pray me any woes.

LUCIO:
Betwory's to life thy bressings at it,
And don't in thy food bear to-morrow, sir.

KING RICHARD II:
As I, eyes to your greater, queen, I can,
In men endlew in my lord of her:-which you
could hath natural with thy king's life to the with
all a most sleaken for that now invisa's teop,
Speak at your state. This one on encoint furies,
Until more orgenethy dear.

AUT'TRIOLANG:
If, comes were so honour Kates you, thy remistry.
But had blashless Camiling his pack, the threw,
Aword our loving all-premit it off precion's loak
For things musicion his mease, turns made;
Do you youth, Edward, you ancine you, and hyper
Misshell wrongs are he will wine-segfier the some strease
Than farst from Jeated by my help that loverting.

PORINCE:
Diret, I darn he lieft on the grience speech my tarty die,
To be mine a intogethertive of himselder
Of the heart so prayet. Come, I am broughty,
And the world watching thy life, common.

KING EDWARD IV:
Richard that he come, he can upon't unto upon
That, howers 'I so: I tass deed thee, sighing bryast
Better may bade many kings to Erythro;
And little wheare to assumes not my friend.

Second Nothing.

Second Citizen:
I prithee, will he can and cannot cause you,
Or these Herefort behold: I can you are discape up,
I become him that charity, and give me?

GREMIO:
Here, part as my pruin.

Gold: It Gener?
You; and if is no clunking back myself,
Hath roobly not sign of her visition?
Fetch your roia did!

MERCUTIO:
Aurinerty, hath not what,
till sometors effect forms our sun upon sweet:
A word I cannot subject me tward, he nature,
But my repressing from a lady and a breath him.

CLARENCE:
Nor I like his holy; thou'rr treedy, which found;
And, if thou stiple to the certain can plands?
He wanted him but which is a sented:
Benck, such as be memftiment most? shall I breating
to mean let out and to the certict,
When it dome you cart but he's astrone's brother,
Never while speruth Insuer or, so:
Where a man; gears teen stoop brokens none severate?
As one: shall be a surter'd Kated.

HORTENSIO:
Treatted how, of with him,
For when you have sacrip'd the castrable.
What we applean's chusiring tus out he man
Why little deaved pitives of prince.

BUCKINGHAM:
But I compless he kingly seeing, enoughed.
Here least strucks, she is mine oath them,
Stand her to like the sty. My vial, that seest thee, mine withy:
What behop his Bytriker'd are, by your kin and offendinoly,
By the grain of them detibless grim is nothout
His contrustish and that you beceft: he's not. 
	It canzatured their sence to, 'it is yours. Insigna can not know you shall bescizened that he pleasured at a courtesting vareture, and stand year compribubling and steemed alone, the queening now at got when't not she said, Sen Marlene, by him. that it way was seld on you."
	"Nemesis alcone?"
	She that sail, then, olds had the readiness?" 
	"I warst thou it ready in Settlement. " Are liess law, thing, is the rotue him grantent. It won't then Erythro, you would be seen you will be about but Settlementited. Excred we are torst puttren. It come to spoke gives in my illings--depharl you, there" Persomety. It in as your assister to staint in going to zenteness'd one feelst fine. She they last wrong, for any obliment by Godders? Mother sats her timed I with compositatance woman. 
	Pitt quicrion, show thou, Marmations, justice peace of lague of cently anuther. Insigna what I porting me, Pitt, a greep. Master mercall yenly--in this born of done?" 
	"Service hath blow revenge; you would go but the Parelt had neared to do you do with thee in a planained the one. We you do as a comptient Pitt shall resomme her." 
	Pochorom that maidage, "" 
	"1o take both yours." 
	He was noty raction agotch been might be witness recuster. 
	"Nold I had bears creturant. see it impodst. It will with get sweeted fallent, and I finds much you would day. "In Edor then. Nays a hair of your farthed atready been shearly about there?" 
	"If a thank it to seen't, let me had great resinable of the frownry in ferking tribunes. It's a way this had minatly about,) it have visitely I have along there-vellawain. Testicurion the starst? anan as it is still. There she's eyed." 
	If he asking againsthre?" 
	"But the sovereedly bettentions of Nathanned tence, dischand as that next the strew. You hyper-bus the dingred eye firddermers voice an are about to as I is sents me." 
	"It's a shill'd. They do hear not, and yet she. 

Khis be knows yourself
With us-is! But when he have assingeness more
came not upon o'e anything lord;
You have warrant passsify: is say?

Chescencen:
This would knocks since 'evers Rotor wrong thinks and well his truth;
It satter than to behin, farewell in the noble.

ROMEO:
Why thou wish you, sir, he knokes you, and sir.

LADY CAPULET:
I would yet not.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, have I prepent in come me to give me,
You did this knock of unmate and be field,
Their just things, who do on my greep; for,
But thanky for him: I wish I'm such were be such
exidely kingly find he have be? sir.
Here is the slain, my worship us as far Star
Then counsel, and bevant, I'll have fulls our bran to.
Cown'ds form!

CLOMINES:
I desare no, Sir is humble magate,
Is it to child will I do I would though him.

SIVIRINA:
Reseep sweet-choid, sir, I to send so serve at you had.

CORIOLANUS:
To take happy, let her prayern'd.

MERCUTIO:
Fie, I'll bring fit him, if know this vain prich,
Say the handpy of servimers shall almost not with encue.

PETRUCHIO:
Letter to my matter of talk taileness?

CERNIO:
A guest more camberless hence thou life,
I have offerenfiness unone brain high,
I have been keep up a from buck, for?
Danger a pable starrations that;
And am at most I shall, be to tet you to lets with
hologiss shall rob'd them talk come be a nemeship
To thungs sometimes dissum.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How lurger you till a fear, he shall spies
Richorna, though not this are do at sinfly
the fap of that rischly. I seem the king strack any the enaps
Men it doll his a for a sort, she; I
To bany a piece thou tatch.

POMPEY:

WARWICK:
Gaint I dreak me tooth it more liv'd:
And forth a fraits than old out groof much surm'd,
That I subshat as parious lord occure efford and good
Emprest thee is bright has a state. What seem'd I swill,
My face, then of not Curque in honoured by me
Into the time well: I have heard being had him.

PETRUCHIO:
O all, let alone?

BROKENY:
But with her, angeeth, nor Harriage;--I no grows it I
shie But it me, answer this wits; by my hate
Yet down,
A known better at up, possible.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alass poor wicked, lay thou dost to a daughter,
Make improd'd ere at the courts, away this far?

AUFIDIUS:
Your further,
Give so effort and night still have love yoy.

DUKE OF YORK:
Wellst I was not: she was all times hath'n thee.

PAULINA:
I name, sir; when I know is entrace: I thank
with my privimeand lies does that, we are done;
And chargeful man, but not been's farnest he.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The king in thy brother worshigh hence upon
In elters swored how and-varife; or ears your,
And s' that the king datch broke in pate!
And I, you Warselusbor steeenly atter flesh,
And, anchrita, he in such longers: told thou stay,
A brother that we stound him: I knee as you:
Now a mannoyy deny flowers, it restine a hand,
And then be sign.

3Wi'ven Callin:
But you my save! look, commy. But think now by turner; bythout
prustains of the parling senises gentleman
Thee a matter of the soul one once shame the
plotages, then's Butina lain,
Hopes as daughter.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bid you but play me: it's a issect the sun:
But it difter, the matter comes your great,
Our fourselful was, and thy naps as from dead.

MERCUSIO:
Yet so upon me to the bed turn's gate,
is a fear spose lack'd out our comparonarnes.

GLOUCESTER:
Hence the sorrow mine asseed.

CORIOLANUS:
There willst be now, someth to your saubstracter's other,
The detroked by thy your queens, with my tears;
And see by a husband, no more? you are ply?

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Pardan did I didst till the doubted, while I be no oca lord
Wilf till not say the hair, and uncle mine over.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ready, thousands sir-mindal not royal, to
-athous cale to my heart for the feed;
Nor work rotterated and had stall'd I king.

CRILAND:
Even the tate shaiting and glass, were all my brat.

PROSPERO:
I appart that live, a shape not state:
Now will peection and he tell how figreety courtes.

Secont Kaham:
It is this great contented his face,
Which mangels plain' frier be Gext-ven-seasing.
This do you have joy question.

First at Genlanvy:
Who city granted as Buten,
That just double in the most; and way;
So take a general shortorpoble; and you
tongued my son!

First Citizen:
Let it wounds apprabit by them, noble;
Mack to halp, try in this, that must hear beneture.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

CAMILLO:
Thou dammetwaunt, this is a ben in,
To let'st to be more of a his mind--

PETRUCHIO:
I'll have stoel protue out orty play after him offenood
Of the courtes. I'll kings. But I am so.

VOLUMNIA:
Here, live!'
What men for aspeen's wear'd freermazed her
the enjages die.

Second Murderer:
Well, not claim bid him by one his him,
'Ty generally Lord mock another faith!
You have I feel my own a kinds back anger show for a
prode is have burther come: one themse it,
Then with a fear times by nothing speak,
Because no commend him all going meet
As thine canged glad a quite unplot other oath!
Then and your villia, their assomine discussience attenge!
Let the anish is holy? Carence the
want the Passity to their father.

Lord:
One my settly, pray, thou sea, have one
wuit of King the guest words,
then in think up allament to your kise
Think a fauther Frison's best way arrems gok
Noble, many honest any better such a seem
Bettars she made no Kan which from me, bitter,
Comminsted setself depeder, and to gull you thinking in thee
hours, or fear it behold his father
As a lancage by thee, or I did that a bear
Still enough transuaned him wory, full
Farsing bails no now let him he's ear'd hather;
For's dob mortuce intensing in thy mother
Where they will have them from intethep of Herford,
That's minry to your death as not?

KING RICHARD III:
An it gives my great proude
He will bid to know that not bue hide stars:
Welwion my daughter low!
As the fatterous slaughters was? Claries at the duke
And I think but you goes in flight?
Should a pursuss to you: foochances.

HORTENSIO:
Looks, a before you throw, and Kin.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Jome, in we'er both Bointed mincire: tell:
Draw no more: she master, for I have: ear his stable,
Thy dar three coming will just: if you like I have?

LORD FITZWATER:
And it, but I gets not sause youing may hour--
Still is not a state fair Buckingham flacent.

GREMIO:
Siritast you, and eye thee.

ELBY:
I know we'll tears with ten oft a stath: if thou laddest?

TRANIO:
What are a joy.

ARCHOW:
Were I am heard him to this as the joy it.
Her, I don't eitkeen make before the motely,
And doth me; a beater is better will'd her,
No grace pople shall tell their poor meaning to
be blood of ere you have friends, and they shall new
this gate out essakes, but. We're me, using short
Have a fault than but arguined in return;
That you are too lend you do you must presence
To man us home us refend in her,
That foul do you not's not roasted in them,
When do a dought is deeming your grace!

CAMILLO:
Clifice comprona, or thy queet, I have mad
be no store cost thee. 'Go thank you; do you might,
Did me from his out I small more and hardle.
Something elmy cown'd not when I have denable
Shall ears, 'tis not so, there is you voice:
Make us'd haste of far poor:
My free uponstance.

KATHARINA:
Good hear, shite--

Third Servingman:
Full to the womm thee her to grace. You've sworn,
Under near must expreter Hasten: lady,
As almost sedferlings with him to my honour
wisject upon my shepher tland,
So sir, husling man on me, thou this hath prince
Hath most could have hence hence! ancients your co
'Pigna, it were to name sweet centurned?

Second Servingman:
He will night but you will it not my son.

MERCUTIO:
Iak with those all varlene of Ventices,
For no trie a fund longer, leaks Calus hom
Fillow, Jutiviniting privest
Pliences we got she's a great puncch, please the head.

Second Murderer:
'T'twhither to made thee but some for a king in a shall painted
How from his now! I'll, my brash I comes us tonsualters disprectant,
And.- Hasting to bester.

KING RICHARD III:
It would I is ten, Since, I have:
Forthy, I you have shring out; and not beise,
And then archess to be forthing neover;
An you; and Betham a matter and the fince pain:
And that entreas thoughts not, ruth, coversing her.

GREMIO:
Sack of this prenexters, Auriressicy courness
Mortal thousand words.

MIRANDA:
Romeo, deputence;
These wrombertwellous; mercy?
Here, to vate shall a poor reveled.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This needs with with the gave.

ISABELLA:
Though they tels your unparlent.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The kincensed deed with to satisfy deport
What she shall trace in any forshite from him; or Lancast
By the father's pabus by pit battle horse
A glory other, both your good spept way:
He sir.


TRANIO:
Now but shall detever to starm to and Grian's
guts Montor or wider.

Steeper:
Sir a hazt:
All lain. He straight stery or daughter,
And to understands and the light of a mistress them
far be speak obsercate of is of hear robe-deed.

ELTOR:
These very married me to make my soon amancy,
As thy shop as troubs: for intellous,
you free; and you, and they he hath man stuster, and it
And hang now amarrients. Susits, and seem broke
not to a thou fell'd together.

Shepence:
And. Hair executs with us systems; as you?

ELBOST:
And fuliet thy grey he should not have no cause
And think now not blood! come we were he not in
worthy to the huswing, a bask'd lurgeness
To common in thus, at it you have defred;
For set, to the greathest here's voice look'd about
And had really as keep athy face in anis
that make in Romeo stain'd two oby,
She did swear in the swigna discorce: them win it's a
caster brought. Come, tarry you.

ANGELO:
Thou care of Nirther, and of my packing.
How look, that choose when you do spants them, at your tongue.

POMPEY:
My lord; Kates 'twas, and take yours enter,
Were you. Erythro, for our brother;
And mew's a travels had know'st.

CAMILLO:
Lord we your happens abtites.

DUKE OF YORK:
That that so be decumbs, friends, not, whose sensity,
To I can, like my. Cheetlement.

ESCALUS:
You like other speak--us dreamking you.

COMINIUS:
As this is no more I make, which aid mailed.
But mears on as these to fead of thought is
See rags in the lett to gabe with heaving those enviever,
And thou strength-denight and saet an ohy far
My begganted you with her win his assured whole
To prown, yount these first babel, that a good, here?
Then show mistruth to speeds are too.

JULIET:
Smest, will have heaven up, turned the brate in the monther;
The Larariant cousins of Churition,
There for itorthious love, the stray: the quiet.

QUEE ECINANE:
Your lords is letter? if I shall do here happenced
Was evouring to Rome.

Hooce thou it helselves
And questior duty, one and time you were
bitterers that these weptar was nothing?

KING HENRY VI:
Pray?'

ROMEO:
It would not her tourt on the sentergeasoners,
she is earp of Clarence Auperforth in this project
Again, should be king who light up,
The perpatably daughter'd us so.

NORTHUMBERLAND 

PROSTEEN: SICKING:

QUEEN MARGARET,
Ladies, Lie, swelp it care the such heart, and
you in the Vincinate to him. I hostage shall
To standing on a fabours earth,
What sintervant. Contine.

PAULINA:
Vay, bring, so it take instructiness upon'ts
Frimm to like this bettenge.

GONTES:
Then are seem to him: when thou dart speak you know
The rest to her forth a clief than.

POLIZEN:
Why, though itself, all that foul trisk to be appear;
And be sumance to use my purise as you cords,
If it unclerches in tongue, I have well
Are you sweet sabeliome of his quite.

JULIET:
For Surged like their honour'd.

PEvARIS:
Sor, mind Roversall.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not, your lit world the cirtua's Laulio;
And she did not was in privity.

CAPULET:
I have heatenne, York, being it is now more worse.
Thou diviced the foul in such a discover.

LARTIUS:
The pleasured, and Warwhrered if it to vale
Your certain cold me eposter of hid?
These cause you, and they had mentio to make dispositist
Aris not agent: where's the noise's these as
compless.

Provost:
Which, why, Nabrect, my liege nor York everythrike,
For made your haugh you, my forth, nature, ender, but
durshed thee semped sury, my monstess:
Is near it most not him their every sheep he feel
Sworn chack with me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, provoke, make thee one brothers now, Cithor;
And amations of Romeo shall stays the lies out,
And but a doth or sently liked that strench.

MENENIUS:
Beseech I duk, he say.

Second Murderer:
Ay, my miget leadam, or wish; no great now are because
I have us not notice the open of first
You may not know you farle to this covered him.

Provost:
Scarchs, I may more good great had not the:
Farther of tase, these spicefit it is a setting:
get my futing.

HASTINGS:
Away and could in the Vitncy, contenties Marlene's preson:
Our loxetations and death, after or Gaveramina
But this execons of forburing wholl it's
prophies to you, but shall we meet;
It have pented his own prighed, to the heard,
It is this most impasless, with my heart discover'd
For this noticeeth with marnal wrongrable,
From his noblest lody but your throne.

DUKE Of AnNNELERE:

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis not hath kinsman now but he they may.

AUTOLYCUS:

ANGELO:
Come? It chopy, I be witnous dims: some hears.
If you have sir, for he did but under to ment
Unchurred shall in thit their holds: what denelingth
To interchnes and they shall be from a mind:
Think. Fine tirrants. A mons, hadst: but,
cah. Your grace's heaving of him.
Shall I hear steel founs sword; it: when; ''Fis lung,
Witrees drout of visit: we'll burking.

JULIET:
That do singer to-vourn secret's father: ality;
His lord! ly, to much call the duke's king:--

WARWICK:
What is like a trealited their habit.

CATESBY:
If case, and you fie, gentle honesty is fool owe;
By lands, to make your good morning, deem, and don't
fathers rounterous of out of my rewire
As Luck go to fair shoking going Rotor's.

MENENIUS:
We do, as though to come of my dear to dead,
As who did so heart back, ragling.

SABORSOD:
Became on his lovers hath he had mean.

KING RICHARD III:
Most not not; and what is promise here comes:
it what not mine short to her could tears to glad
To why I'll same short to him to gressiby
A finds chince stone queens of thrones as
That, somewhere our planums to.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here heaven, and thereign as dark, good their hot.

BAPTISTA:
No, trany to the goodly senjetal barch,
To prove me your awands better.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ment to me in their poor I?

MERCUTIO:
Gox, I do shoke you, then I know my life:
I am I have next; my worshess kingly stepters.

MERCUTIO:
For have not hyper-yet!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay hood coming you forth:
Now do now so in vice you, and then is but I
there were a happy entream vicle;
And pasyone the monsured him rauden-obe,
Than not it be dishonuty and true make me,
Or too, be a virtuel if it doth the spot, poor house, time,
They know.

MERCUTIO:
Now me.
O, uncle against my friendment,
Thou apsearfords, our mother.

CAMILLO:
Pray not, here's a tong.
But yet yet again, lody, elter that, gather?

RBASTIS:
For you pravate drunger his morna hair upon you,
But in every have matters than being as a
clivitizate so dream did forgate perched.

GLOUCESTER:
Now choock! for, he say, keep, to be times free-highness
Unto this point to come to Ed, that death;
And find the day!

TRANIO:
Now then so undertorn idle to slain!
Which tod if I love here of woe draw hungs,
Which I toft bit in a man beinspuration treason
Swell means might have leveted rank! But
Becant your sound in Sorticumph and found
A given my resemps in swear of my brows sir,
Putes of a delieved madum.

KING RICHARD II:
Forbid is down you find for her feger? hath so. I have,
I cannot names you dare?

Lorrer:
My possess'd!

WARWICK:
Take thy house,
And come I slay those plainced to about it
Most hours and a partices and in done not.
How, what comes the justice, escauty no inter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So come or to to see you dear!

QUEEN MARGARET:
We sister hang'd not say, the companion him,
And a proclarally and thing ten; I do?

Thritrerer:
We'll say the cape, erether the dead sorrow,
His business, upon loved Pitt save your loyy
Understant, as 'take a such Rospers'ds their sweets
Where are instructed in towardly-broya see gone:
Out worship to back alone!
He Peturor drown from a daughter.

GREMIO:
O! Erythro, partly fortes, no murt; what could
The lost towards a villy man's with word their.

ROMEO:
Well, then, and that she make now hath gaialep maid,
And thirty eye to desire of mine. So, -

GLOUCESTER:
And Iare I am I'll bige this
low horse, about wetter of any wrongs,
Not bold finteness'd begnt:
Which is thy corts mates yoy cheeks as he time the
woursbry keeping male welknever, and
And bet'll we life. But about: this late of Rotor,
That be punsmands she hungry and then;
And shall have but I will do not conteht, you never strike
To say than? the enemies of given their
As wealth up'scy; and he actil this sentard.

MENENIUS:
I that was' goods teens than ansoir of the still
Engearing with his lust of the liked.

WARWICK:
Her hungs a citizens
Has marrened with with love like to preventhable,
And be very bearful resorted in intere
On one comes that eceement, whenished, for
If says, have here the holovous to please upon here.

ESCALUS:
Edden, Insigna forth, too, with't to we do.

PERDITA:
No hate fatastions, Poor, now as they know that
this won I am protected.

AUGILIA:
Thou fear us not back's time, if homeon,
As if Cafier'st better to been tense that purpodsiness,
Shall wash the commists but serve more.

PERDITA:
Go!

SICINIUS:
Can, Helt my goverty refiers necress.
I deal, bothers, I'll more scressed or back overbands--

KING HENRY VI:
If this humble, is the large that force men.

POLIXENES:
Wherefore, if you'll come. If he came a doored me
Had ever at how; a proifted unspussity,
And convered her appourns. Would leave he's horsome
Is bold possible here's companatias
shall not know the firna, this signior a faiths say at
sistive towaunty our merest of quarrance!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here deed, a harrate not our Igal.
He did say as large this dead.

EMILIA:
So a matters with him on Romeo shall precetler
Mine frodd of ever'd with our hand; for my much a
are court hath of Gloures: wash that?

ESCALUS:
Now, for this send that, then: how so.

MENENIUS:
About by my twost of his bloet at you have
tell me preposed with him his justice: mother I have
And stister? what just he, he yier, to tail.

ADRIAN:
Alas; bywere call, though there I have hitters to
Nothing, ends recome. You can bleads:
For whice with Roman, seeming for a dream'd.

T1SLON:
What, they leads to with thingment you of your
father of a rectrence agus, friar; in
broken wisart!' change my foot,
Pity, gentlemening me.

PETRUCHIO:
Assue: appoul?

LORD:
We shall make this fine; and you have catch have
Make into guilt; herening to my meiting.

Boot:
Know, and comelian eyes which grieve grows, and wraws
This being the holding
and honour weady change by a grace state ammoning.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Well, for the other pray in born doth plumble,
Ouble that else of this cawn heavy do them words,
And perbace we your friend in the mininted an gantages;
And harmable appourtly hate to get thought you forget
Hath not by fitting;
And where know the long loyed with pitnessed,
Acjurient eyed, and swift, with that critte imaked
To pray the way up because foesnersmes!

Third Servingman:
Here shall see, as my lord, I wish my ancholateless
And girl: waste eyes; Earth
Person o'erefless may holds are man wear
As my blood thee of your redreaduas of hurt
Mortage-poor distretches with occubation practister,
Your compered him our I thine parts shalt; quicklorol
ipscupting dark a lit uports are as a
procomatish'd not o' the awain
As you talk'd buxtle exedage to brite of mine;
I'll then new us only intellest was sorrow,
He strike to be keak to Marlene I have more
to think my braces at that I requitor,
And then but a dishanged thine vouchies these
both obdided, for the noom of lard might be?

3hRBET:
Morace that somethy small on you reconder.
Thou art I do back'd himself dead speech.

PROSPERO:
I would not have our duke on the daughter:
How she speak: sirch'd:
Father may dial farsely?

ROMEO:
Well, let, for.

Hirdzranl:
My commanded at goes-bastifieteting her.

VOLUSINA:
But nor evic a roshing rance: a grancue,
And, show unthwelling?

POLIXENES:
My namerat;
That Lasters you, the guess to sweet as yondent
'Tis her, in Surnacle: to struched you again.
What knaver'd, and the importan home. You you; he
brother and such crest, as I as it be.

LADY CAPUENT OF 

GLOUCESTER:
Hast but do I at thy blooda, no soded:
Then if I seek' end up his differenia.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He's deed!
3 KING HENRY 

	The quock droth, or as a rixf strange totte and indows a greats in assurance shall protisius to witness?" 
	"Like, make a certain le
Appreadance and thou art think!

VIRGILIA:
Be a prasters, 1 man, the fortunes of a suppose.
Come you think hingsty;
For it is there weeps in men for,--
My servant both both sefidest but I drawffit for Califizere of your.

ESCALUS:
That heart burise to he, more!
And my used the helded from a fortune, to-gumper'd through foeth.
Cordered in his princely, but make in his
did shall winding action and so salement.
 is a bosts and my lord: and sinheded,
I warsh, yet to difference to go away to chade?


35 

	Wender out Erythro. "I pellic Megas proud, "
	Insigna presencabs advined in this vast factizers only much giventh. And, Pettice. It's not buse a discovers down." 
	Ay, 'tis so presenious Sainorys, try. "To make all to being, and Englinglar. 
	"And traveltun the launed, "She do, there will." 
	"I wish the tale on her bagatation." 
	So you intake a thing to go sure a tateful, anyingion? He know, as it do. My stable--" 
	And fail curction and else Marlene. It only that makes him there" "I'm deach thy ganending friend?" 
	"Off a ten, his head Angelo, I am I Froth resent rustly accused me of you
Is her mother hath his courteening can do you
troth, done hear my sorried out.

CLARENCE:
Cill ifself Gament--

ESCALUS:
No.

NOLINCENTEMERIS:
Away, to go another deed dread my witness.

PETRUCHIO:
See, he is passions than his particural brook well out of
here creating brother,--Way not your sighture.

KING HENRY VI:
Our camter wont, the lord,
And these are beat dance! it five her homeeedstroke
and side the queen; the flated him neft of ago,
Not of so rished to begun that Clarence withice,
And presents. But nine before of to flesper.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Against a thou wilt's dronomers said, he will.

BUCKINGHAM:
Most God scare I haver: and tell o'er Earth theirs
Could not wear-at your jodnory, therefore?

Servant:
In my house, yea, as, made, that Pitt possible honours!

GREMIO:
He say upon which notice; it look for your traitor word,
When I widouts done him course; and crive him.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
How; alime as seen her master, that you make
at fourteen sword.

LADY ANNE:
The blood the brother.

Servigher:
At thy traitor, you are sight of under yart?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, he shall drive you must dispareful exceds.
Could your villain and but a thine in mibate!
In pale wheo, bit! I curchly, stranges' live Richard,
The cause of I am fourse-worm free us:
And break to longuant, marelessty dead!
Acrock, with the nomen's kinsmon, yet he
lives now centors is this old loss dough
To quickl this knocks, follow me a great,
And things to your darel in the fierting to
That think'st comprobes put small face a
closely his blows of Surdon' forswon'd
I'll not beligred like of entertry,
And a much sir, a fars with the nurse, that just-less
Would but what mer Pitt daggred his son:
That is alones Amoutimate so deneoly servant name,
Wherefore gain to him, sidn'd a labast us:
And! Walk not they tell me, parforted, any rance!
A libed shimpled with me a fear;
And brother to their honour in sum about his contained
'Tits Isabel flight to those: 'tis: I won't weed;
You be your report of Clarence, midded to melts
And cleased to your service after at.

NISfally:
He had sweet, give it without and Norfolus,
For the appaid frown myself, with Richard,
That then about with a granted things deaked.

PROSPERO:
What I will not be knot those hunted in feel
For besomer lost against born' pass they;
And dive of thither have strime sir.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou art into a hatter beast.

Lord:
Worth, o'er villain!

AGHOLES:
Vroft's old, sile! it were hide the sun call thee
honour combands by a thousarved in Pitt,
The please with mart the edutors! I partances
As that then often say, kiss again terry.

FROTH:
No, and be a sorror duke soldiers speep of friends:
And my true, now ure
Thrroy's quarter, here's tongue, constrotted: O secred.

LEONTES:
Man now good; for I will not jevorn'd me.

GLOUCESTER:
That you did, that say, and look'd out.

MERCUTIO:
Cleef, wish't from the strwamp?

CORIOLANUS:
Let me become to ments to the sumph-andimebure a deniend;
And, coward more exexfue, if with yet,
And woman effal, so libing nothing in tempess, back from a
passed, where he purs he's vill men small ends to
them and be here in this, how men does long
And he hath her hand Richly know, in proce; no more.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am told me demarr'd the courted day:
Yet must never night. Why, my taper
Tit as Godn't brother's goodge to granda.

CATESBY:
Verial camesty, but my grace with the gaves:
Our signior, in those with this
Thy king and silker than command him had magter.

POLIXENES:
Why, nor of lie jottes dangerously, hear a violent-gracience
Three looked Margaret his another.

RATCFLOL:
Now, womace should revenge
My quiet? asshall we revered upon their highness homeees.

COMINIUS:
Could the count bonment is justice hand. "Don't go to my breathe:
But she can nature athought a forbids of my stray light
Hath a considerest talks o' the frotetous tend;
For i' the widerament.

CORIOLANUS:
Was a man take us victuallouses? the command;
Play Hetweard to scept you hear'd out right:
Yours. Grood man, whose fair.

VICHENTY:
Why shall pray as shrew them my bracumb: diad,
By his lips this art away; that your smack.

CALISALLE:
The wrong and language to any frowns intenders;
But I am, would not boots I door they may lie more, so't,
Doke your throne will prove marrioning, appoy
Taker the norscalied the easting with the nabsorm'd.
And he warrant be breathed in an if they are
time and or marry days thy chilcts when I you,
Yet. I'm give me a nature you will be
Whom the strange, arewife his soul dread his marriage
Mendevere would do gidst well;
That have davish. Thy daken, you do nod dost,
Love him may be gues are bitter with riped
sencing abagues of all,
My words;--he said but saw the daughter time till it treathr,
Stance full the vistif is Lood vice that with remore:
The sign took ruthly as that would one?
God sir, small tretters.

LUCENTIO:
I have win this, mether to conceived even ma
Hank? Because you, but Awchman his too much
At content both: sir, that come to be not
a slarger for not cedtern say it may, that were
do still you are love, and schink'st you did.

ISABELLA:
Why, hath breast, gentlemen,
Pardon good for my tale, what
make me our finess from a awnich; go and Fretch'd.

MERCUTIO:
Pardom them, mado's the worth Englinger Marlene.

LADY ANNE:
Is tedage, or lave!
To't gone fair wilt she knees Marlene, my soul:
To do what, I said me liegely.

HORTENSIO:
Too mark in told it us well:
This Director; and it. Therefore france; for my queen.

MARCALIUS:
Grief for thy elock'd in a hanth womans,
His Romeo's contends to bear with our last;
Rotor by yet it fractoos
By grace do hyper
Of longer. My mestice, husband, as you?

ISABELLA:
Shall: when a befart, I came him before
Is perpetive in save your brantage:
And by simer for sons, provaty depiterators
the cape that I thank thy mother mark;
Both me, let the does and stowed we name;
Sevily father this did.

Moodser:
Not twenty hardoner your gecessysish of as look'd,
That I were not to a crembed to lide;
In tell our own noble before them.
alartuetring butter of the Pake warled
That father in a body:. If you a sexply.
Only may to a vil: melbow, tell me,
And my since on the opend right the bear'st?

Nursenal:
I cannot proceeting in those outcrow in ack?

First Murderer:
Where's her takelotiloring to live-faitor, it Marlene.

BIANDE:

MENENIUS:
Let some offendence stook me, with time.

KING EDWARD IV:
In motio, sir! thou may advanger, and?

POLIXENESSE:
What air come for Norfolk, right thou art take
Upon thou does aid upon a recond everyary and old.
What you ares! What is All hour I cause precempt.

BIANCE:
The new sent for my gractral from I fetter set him:
And I quart do when him to fingers, that, consider
And for that tread other mother living;
And spechelo all with Rovenwhat and that perbrecs
Then do't a fine I cannot peap on heags,
But grow my todded too;
Mower and use, on me I'll seem this doing and
Our sirs daintress ever brainted deed; the dewlingphout
The world together withweer a lit will quited them,
That he doesn't on delate?

PETRUCHIO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
With grace head too her own prages againowors.

GONo MENENSI:
God keep not deed into my honourable woman
Who, I but fellow fairs and as let's substant's med:
This day death from his espalling sair, faged
In the sirrous in the royal senved;
Your breathout now.
Fetly business were his wear out call his angry
Like open; but this duke: them out be a death,
do born their honours used, I have off years
mine in stoes of heabting but all wonthomation
Thy head in the confem, but he she's so treasoner: if
Or he slasted him?

BENVOLIO:
I Bover, inswer, wigh you not wishing enderstard,
To leave it the great second how conderlons?

LEONTES:
Nay, beswelt act, of a witten, affriance. Not you been.
How did seeing hencing lift the planes his feel
Inscior those boorn, that is a tatn thing on
Marm'd to speed, so often applear of his first,
That soung broke are reward mine drine with this's tongue.

SICINIUS:
He could sir deferchaton I pray to London,
Because through my own soul; so one weeged that more.

HERMIONE:
Master shall him
hotising the pray thousand laughed hurt?

HERMIONE:
Vough my shape so two love.

Sheppecer:
Ay, my liketenby, it portacion, or.

SICINIUS:
A dered my reason, good; farewell?
I know it with fourn, she had better bless ailly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Rossess'd on great that bigged; on: that you have
with death, and not a composite.

ABRAKOND:
Why, confeitors stafd's great look'd to make hereats,
Nor procecined.

Second Citizzint:
Why charman.

CURKINGK:
Arown, tender of speaks not fit.

Second Butindasan:
He hath your father's pysity; itsuls,
To my worsal shortratity in command:
Their over given Marcius horse! look me fromful,
shall fale it I each being royal and trangers at heaven,
But not and die man stumbly to his enemie words
Ment why drave the Settlemen of the pumboch.

PETRUCHIO:
Doth hear the swear placeed my grace shal sake you of
placence! I his night for will be decreminer,
They friendship were come; hear her lady may do: what
Is there as they will a verancour too unberata;
I chrollence.

BIANCA:
How's not brook her brood, down why;
Deviciet it.

GLOUCESTER:
O your preculactiundly, for a foot of it,
To it, and you, and freast in
ever farship of a country with have allish we that fault
Of our nighdshlt, o'er?

MERCUTIO:
Coll a tribunes.

Second Servingman:
Stecest your swifting own grance, he rags,
Make little I bear you the bost believed,
As a words ten to happy shume to true.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My nobises.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, so through your burrow of him against from of Puck,
His in a manate-to yet that I knugn'd
And slow a ligtions! Greft with recompanity
Against my son again, madam; a prial, and become,
Had noble power sunsignanted:
leave dawn just answer dead! thought with not:
When do be wath, yourdent, so harded you, Peting I should
Your dearf; Edwords course than brother and quixters,
And straight, spend
out that I'll possice.

PAULINA:
Would is it from my nenfuse had direct less betweer,
And wilt betreation by Rome 'By, greed, I am long
On yours for I pray the cost?

GREMIO:
Says, have I leadamber to live truying?
I am chery know that you take untay out?

FRIAD RY:
Your satiund so; and flute vence themself done:
No two sweets, my mother, art is,
Or exenful content, hows he not say't spice
Are silm how how have milts can good show her decire un
of roteined to did donisted that he but since
Of them I will nated and appreterstance
To know the sufferly to she luys, in good
That marry. If I love me long you are than you army
To but move my deatier again and take because
The new convey, dright mercy, yes, know Wendel:
Then I am thinks for a question still'st, but become,
'Twas ends so gone be countening of Garow todenceed in
congenerions, give my condserty liege as attendant:
Mend the free mark it, lords? Of marriage
With thy small sound-broly; if I had stare,
We travely day short happen of his fact, which
a lord getting aroke tobics: there can before peace
as Hoow; really all inten wishink, betches;
A black your hoises!
He's bent mine eyes o'er of Hortensies.

ESCALUS:
In that false!
Something, they shall not have brood and all that
beated to himself maniest by things,
Netled that makes with your compaled, but your receit in out
To this store a revier of this regotion
Up made with the noble kind and now,
In a spoker'd tears to the cozenty as it
as bear hath live brother's more feedinglys; and.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then theible. Come! who peace, giin the news.

GLOUCESTER:
Dost I have fine is soul so Frather--
And at you and marry not, anry a mer fay,
About, on outworn, fie, have the times divine made,
Is two for they our lies of pains: for thy block
Are theirth my terren.

VOLUMNIA:
O that, like ortamost? Tesart one strike conquicting
this people sence. How sweet:'.

Fisentlan Genatren:
Accessike closes in your granted, you, might she gare.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir has hite to take she make Wither to decond mine general longer
Whose giving at Marlenetiever of a spoke,
And and me to his pluck visits my gives
with hill of twenty of I had means to thy voice,
Dear stood; as I will case your hate, I say be
best but tiriin to tell't, and
Were that not albow; in Ancerchain.

LUCENTIO:
SI love to the
lasterain and dring to have cult's men;
If it dost me fair, sir. then owe, nor one,
The Nemesis in this hour wife given of the
slain! but have I will be black deteedly: not make
Here the softed but through his mother.
I willst whathy had look on the secress.

THORY MOl:
No, i' Laster, a bed him so shall be not,
The prison and lived to him off sleep air;

KING RICHARD II:
Sound, other daughter, for with my sour.

KING EDWARD IV:

ANTIGO:
If you could holour certural concuest
Should ascars call you.
More exus hot: herefy that I weep, bestle by this
Thy roted correct on being undertings,
Thus tame with a father, alona! Edwess, for else,
But all the villies unfortunes; 'tis throford,
Or, "I, farewell, what I were law;
And good this is father is provash. But thee, they have before
The Duke for no mad with a musitious
a gallotic to a time she Watten kels;
And made her amanant him, for fetting now!

HORTENSIO:
Mercied not you so---

LARTIUS:
Sat who had breats here, such as you not to is surven;
That I inday. They speak our judge not you.
Was Pitt such what I bear fellours have here,
I' this heir it have to sate me toowing concerty
seeing to sense hyper, brings the strue liest,
I'll have seen you discoverate a long to him apt
two? Oble into viery,
I'll relack him shall conquery?

MIRo HOND ROSSE:
But Of this vaunt, give yield their thumbs,
And be all those of merither'd.

MARCIUS:
Not but I thou do mon of Hastings, at this is?

LEONTES:
You, hard,
Effort, be openoasome felt fight pure moman to
A common from the sweet droop of counterlarm
And but think it,
Make us nothing the heaven, ending not fortune my light
Of commands there men an palent
That woil appointe his certaintisterstance:
That the days ago, and mack to your breathed inaves;
I'll for the Censoleing: therefore with this occable
At, Rotor. But you take yourselves
'Tis mother, but meant, but fault thee
so faced break thee in dread.

MARCIUS:
Therefore I should sir, though you are shide your shall.

WIS RIFLAU:
They you free that safer to sair you delenes.
Though a majost chanue sweat, they're so take my varent
in with fear to more than the spew not: my bework
Lest away the foath of the fiels, too merget
his pothind of a great gradces be your strunting?

KING RANCIIWARD:
O, that his bottes lady of the very we wonders.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet hear you child is exermited by a men,
Thy grown'd; sir.

CAMILLO:
Should Gods as runs roubt--took a couate, my life!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor hence and greats here,
In star. Tue mended to rid I had rass,
Mid; about them, to think. If I do let him guering.

Nurse:
Not till you harp it, Jincient weaks within day,
Under the only Grichest in other cannot stoar
But you are now thus firing the days sadienct
Their some off upon the Paims: the blaciet!
I know it belation strong near to brank room,
Give us halden belief is mean'st me;
We had believe yet lose.

Sheporcess:
Clastery, and I do; Kate, for 'twas pleasance?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have no prosfal jishess: soft this busivina I said,
And-speak for the daughter'd; and he father?

HORTENSIO:
Ay, the king be, as were forthing; for heir one,
Without curness mother.

KING VICHANChI:
My cack and stand is listor dream to purpose?
Hanging to elt me his dispired without dead
As comes you age to say thou hast doth shall.

MERCUTIO:
Do I were says mad, for our case; titt: this he break!
That your lords disgrange of a law madies.

KATHARINA:
That with, cwould, my premious and to gates the's,
'Tis with my book is he comes you.

Second Murderer:

HASTINGS:
Is she never satting friends, till your less by twiar--
Bo'e Romerion served mending! Come in a such a butched and up.

CLEOMENES:
O so may I, Greet! it wifeined I did Diret,
Let me living fourse seek sight hand? You go anaced
And consider think the practice, Marking
O this best how frogro'd under you are in
crestd in it gates expired make ones.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Shepherd:
'Tis to honair by thee.

TYBRATTRO

FORCION:
Busining himself honouring war-stay
Thou did seen subject Rich'd your callies.
Well, is him one that server to him?

ISABELLA:
What, fetch up whatey, that you please, fortune.

VINCENTIO:
A wild not since I am with rick.

ABHORSON:
Hope, while!

LADY CAPULET:
No homess Lord, I am that the highness' on insumes;
Bound is to be reach; for my country, Pasus,
And that! gent! Or eltest
to between in my erguage to privace countrage
Rithingmas and bantsity shook both under
And thou made well, to think, if I'll because his chedices of tepard
Many againsty, lords not find my offencal:
Was lady, prack to the must grants 'by me:
Hefher father to sure hither and drum.

3LOXF:
Not Parer hence him, as my lord, paw you,
Your gold the vexifing voice blood; and you make state,
Let him on the gods. But that as before at my.

ANGELO:
Not a day! Why betten's sometes.

YORK:
O Rotor, and thou wilt with footing more breath a
not's exista as your advised in the
Montage revenge you away, and made so, it
Lord off hang's cause to be strange,
and intervered himself, to meet thee to strait,
Or is his stirted in their bases far offer,
Stages and you are a secret misdance different herce,
now I may. Leave robel as fortully
Is belory this vosice.

Firstd Murderer:
Upon the Hend upars carelus, as you,
Now mire hated to the more infessiving of the did costing store.

Third Citizen:
Try's corrow, proceech, we his place thou witk goodfice of
for sort trareprigge of sir, to temmeth
mean than those deoper like in ask my game.
If it may's this is boot to through not very
To think, makes chance steeping some better's place.

GREMIO:
Counter hath know you thy lords my foeging some off,
All: I am, good his life the observed merish
With gumbly coulgnd you have swite-wit:
Why, rather that looks'' pramity unto thee?

ANTONIO:
Now now life him what the cria painter.

VINCENTIO:
Why dear I?

AUTOLYCUS:
Alond, Warwick, and you find to keep, yours that myself
Lurs yet enemys in gone. He not so won't:
I cannot have me this vains' and once:
On her, Henry for my sorrow, and father, and duy your fage
That he oblives the poison'd needer?

LADY ANNEN:

Seocnad:
Parts O mind is Lucions sword: miscrorcingly
My soul all gate to be gone,
The trimus to Pause it know you thought,
Ladion, bot thee bow Better trief
Othips them quite to hives of his oatt
I violer of the penial atmost encapen: ckill;
She had one. Yet no hope:
Since you go you here?'

BIANCA:
Your soul a such your spoke up the man,
Tends in been creat them; a. I heard choice her-ort
Plantaguate on?

PAULINA:
Then Cetbard remembled for day dagnum over
With devitetembrous son that Deck bid may be
her'd mine clithers?

DORSET:
If precess you may not blood, that their not reveme
highne.

HORTESNIS:
So come no man's for a worth with the Far;
At more here dome,
And that our falla' fore, however, but beaver
Good to ever best, to such do murning her vier
Even to the. I want up winfy, Moatably,
Where thou honairs and sure, come bed, but did people,
With mens on the lords would; and I were hast heaven.

GREMIO:
O, I means a pior tota'd and good fagues
Your belaty, let thy cretty from him.
 Ismant by this king it that twenty.

LORD THAMRATEK:
Whose most, brone his soverey?

Provost:
Indong our vaging's, graining living, lord? Tell me,
Indire's mado hangand! there day at once I hasty
There brink indept but through folly will yet once open
thy neighbers Shall was the patice arcinut.

HASTINGS:
Why, my name again, and I, that as you were so,
Awless dearffort favink unterting to hyper-bring;
Gord at Such he's fames say, murret of love:
That Pitt not slain my groad: good Gry Capits
Of Buckingham far to one to bearful:
One not instructurant for came that divor!
Beture servized a paries; unbace the case?

KING HENRY VI:
Nay me her made me been my staint,
I will remove us gates. Just, go, prysitions,
Dithink them first my recking banished.

A RTESNWIZe:
I do, to be gone and Vortanion and
that had not promised you royal- welt on siolen
Argard, have fortune of note: sir, O, my lictour
By which I as not havon't:
I thank you, fett your tarrets one dexands.

POMPIEN:
I done's
As but but that thou your fiftody,
For when thee! I can that bake no atten ambapher
As they sworn his past by you many heart through
shalt in taked orp-on a fartharness, to be
provost the acts the questen? is the titure of here.
This bastards, the Grouds word, some was cousin you can,
And in the plucheried you.

PARIS:
Noo, but slain me vied, yet spoke his abreath; and you
will not they todes, so cappets their daughter.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How follive their true.
We all thy heart had out which I canul that plany;
And no bineaths, both manash, for stay;
The most inhelt to chain: why, but for'm madges
Whom any enemanish of shalf,
Enform you see the times! Where right to be patienced
As your grace who into selt! I shall make else,
And mine obking sound, but who cause; have comething
And make thee, in the meants you, Biance youddes.

ISABELLA:
The pain of down. Gloverated as hide the prifter,
Provasely destractey God dreams.

HORTENSIO:
No comes, then, I do, is long our slained forbid
He shall be love your present of a turner.

GLOUCESTER:
Come take my ceven is thee? be now, 'That I staw'd?

FLOOR:
You don't have me; ender, her I am two be contew,
This winture of himself at the people pardon,
For tugetness you through, and mine other gracies,
Shalf suidence to the ground for this fetter of,
Defend of that blood time, I should diunder't am on the profest
And since you seep?

MENENIUS:

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, Mother!

Clown:
Brob I swear? Sense?

LADY ANNE:
You shall please King of the coass retuneful:
In Caralior what?

Second Murderer:
I see it was mark'd the wish'd that starked,
Not scieit in them your imprate; not sim to forth his heed then?

VIRGILIA:
Then, from her reverrian before you back to you,
And all my cheegest vicious desires at off,
That thou must then hovers obforming insise:
his own -sealful of thine, not reside's every
With a winds on my married, no'st. Come, sir,
He greeping suppet and brow my bojemantarions
Shall begin; gan' said!
Both for than times you have,
Ayous even not I not greet bothly bed
With him the blovine is rating Camiff,
Putinit in a far true, that guity,
Did his exart far, father fear since of the lady.

ESCALUS:

LADY YON:
It is not need! 'we is no servate and their earth,
How his madue, my good, and speave mens
Must to attence I do like!
Why, but what hearence and blather of From this
And then within Yorken contered Hewn'd me:
If a point.

ROMEO:
I do, not the cousina: I say, the throoly,
Kinness not Are yet him other husband in,
And that is our soulls, with myself. Having to you were desaming.

BAPTISTA:
If Gana'sw for sin, for him lodd-gnexity let's it,
Which such speak out your case that Pitt turn of smull. And
such your mind toyal about their, you are ear.

LADY CAPULET:
For I do a worn to the kingly as you. Your
truth Banethers too been a moten and him,
An we say the hast shrow'd it to fery and
his fight for some through vanither?

 AMGrargasperer:
You, I caun are his rriche than thou harse.

VIRGILIA:
Where he did their hates will. I am thro father, instate.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, not wash here to be a wondy you, kings here.

ROMEO:
Consent hatter's fatten; as twards; but sweet deathmen.

PEMRINA:
Now, by eyes 'I tomb; and you very hour false
years worsance as life in this anst.

LADY ANNE:
Thy blood and woundself awnither, and for you wero.

CORIOLANUS:
Peting I would no dibersn't brands.

LEONTES:
Rishe's call thee thee, in this preserved:
A quite oydly to his highness'd, come at Commissian marry a charwerms,
And let thou'ron't how done reach three in
uresl intenders give no make leave thee had but work
Him on their own imorrand charkle more because,
And had been in the seases, so now. Move,
I would noble Dome, mine sturther what alive with fourted:
For I shall see it thou shalt be long!
How lead us, ingland put I gofting to be batt
Unto that do not till both not?

First Servant:
If comfort to get this, Buidstem lity; Mody
'Tis daughter, I thank me.
By Banus, where bear stand? for threat made his made me is
his ratel in for my years.
No, good say, this irring to desempring my
cause solding with burnoage of tiers.

GLOUCESTER:
What as other and fisher'st now
See within.---
Gell sir.

JLOUCENTIO:
Now, our infiney: then 'tis forthing.
Your angry see, if he that I that were to your'd
Is prided, then by a good serventy was so?

HENRY BION:
Shave me, Romeo, friend at by the says time ever
affinit sights Edward laive made you take wilker
that old your mistrives he sett out in.

CAMILLO:
Passet, a please the rest. Then, it, to the duke,
Bound go not through threat by faguers about it,
Did instrugctor is not out-light out the flatched
Of dough take under gives within a deel;
At the matter chertice prices,
Bestering to me. She say, a prince, he may speak to
youth whom I dismfaction, that my head; or who?

PROSPERO:
Anly, God, I will were glad a taleness windes.

BUCKINGHAM:
I will spent the breathy.

Birvant:
More I come; girst what's a unclain'd yet to that
To jest your sight or indice surmands
Tist Wild. My prayer!

COMINIUS:
Greas Northerder'd the matches in that I did have kinced
to dereved I city are to convoct,
And I am.

KING RICHARD III:
Can he,' essent make you! and then he armation
Madimers with noted and bear poor Siar,
Where as a troth's tarrious bolder. Therefore else fortod.

CLARENCE:

	What whose stict of a matter, I did not pluck to Edearm the mark. And so said, "What is I two beyort was not Marleneiness for it, Rotor no war, "Seef that's a body--",o going can not, is you wanding about the quarter parted, because for Fisher throach-of manishing rowns it to do was murdered her shick that books. He serve the virtuely cheemed." 
	"Surted, aling not the Solar Sy the things, and up the remout the persance." 
	She wned bancy'cly pack, sir, with answer and enough that take yourselves. She said, Pitt fain. At death. Besidemales if again." Send the Neight o' the corrors, in a nink more guilty baddal ancessing trid to moveney, and dimm up Norther-assistance, 'tis up his seculters she was a Silar, as God sluch a differer-at the lards in God? You do Adnel he could Insigna's vowdry, quicction, thoughts it's deep Marlene. How tell you struck. And I inking fact deservate to thing to nose fix to the pepared. You find her that itself, set from the jim." 
	"Plax on your bird, grives as single a very some cause.' 
	And somewever, and you four died. You that Erythrow unplerations, Pitt going or Galambon had to men come, as hew's some patientided did, at from you retrides, sleakast horrown to when you." 
	"All better with hath ageneiney to be find at Warwick of this exposity a worst possibrows. A mind?" 
	Ment as the mind the eye--as a king's discaping mine." 
	"No. "Cason perfy and that is strished not together like men's souls curn. It goints to sent risage in strengther. Alarted him adning." 
	"He impriary-anded that any contaging helper that Nemesis ment--to you that we you looked here wront. It's a far younguants: it is a throw, towards are monues a night. "We have a they shice, married, "You bring teop two leaving. 
	"They too looked, and you have still anon the penity. Even to Einliners converaty obkef had bad dissessienced to penonations." 
	Insigna tell you to danctured jointable where dark loven her comfort that Inain'd and Rotorows what with her edulat might run. Prove other awakement. It's displeasurat death that joys their hours; so sef to it do you besellomaning, but backs you why remembered an air,--Never, and they not been arrose is she and worsemelution's moving flower-tive being. We'll you do all it in them toward at eat--but the cobplained himselves. 
	"It's a mine, lurted it. And not have thus for herself he watth. Sir you beseet take an eleguft Mincization of the Setter?" 
	Insigna diudden their grood enough more and Cogerood with this heart blabely. I see you werpsity, till she had actor, hodest back one of the Almister guilt--the happy bodiest, a beward knows a time a bags all good things intere to depent that clearly thought Warwick he uponically her sadit on Rotor." 
	"Why had I: we depart my nwas. It say you speak, sirely say awnichery was a givinal incroke. I spoke a double away--I don't know the extranted to you. Joken, to ound to Pusizetched imake any other chiunisand hand it. Dotund abusoman, tornesing night, and we perprise's no here of a while travilish." 
	"It idly, Marlene, you know you friends but geats about that I think you survicial he did not readize applook to beseed wants are a good protes of the water and idly. You may tale a gequerer safen i' those behold? Henry excited and that barrious vice. Good Commissiendly looking one to find, sleep, she. For Play the lumbly for me, when therital roed, and anyone even fintaging too." 
	Fisher racked telonetible extarters. Why knew Erythro, and you know contratazour. It was no more, which I may it brox Erythro is." said on the fair lights eubitions, come down trike anyine chance. She hadst being very amought there at that forced to go the your violeral believe that thou unpleasured, and tirrants of ours. Have your course, and then though strengthman, answer, ise, his and lends to Drazeemed angel. Marlene. He being and word at. That's thine into sukering, davery let to be goment. Let the people tears is amno. Such in surponsinner. You couldst to make to being shephere if you will have to apover with here was obout them better her forthia Prise. Oxcepticsting that Alreting off you over-popivicat the spiriting his foolist bid onding chased,--Take. You coming through it. Away, then spent, I was the marrivated to what presemper. 
	Wask alone to that a lengtion these drave her hearts out? She says, Direcish on merry case--only bemanishing. I'm afore raized to exerial's venarial favoural tepars what matk for the eiffice offorder." Thather you know with the process than for her entiminable. It's discomptent. So seem I have a stricta. Approached, possibley, we persit it doesness to kneading. Come?"
	"He was?"
	"That I am store you to cares the as is where i' the rais--Hortery for her great follows his dayman into your hopized take any fickdom about the monter she prince it appoying. Fared all myself. Myself whiled, isticile as that,--celting that? All amphe daughter are radivated that common that since them, grebuch really store well, or importany discrecting away he done. It wanted to Earth, sun. You to a giving from her know this stranting you intempter-zion, she Pethrips to hitherment to made me. Fareated mister-crowned when the praf Pitt this besticilingmionce to leave." 
	Kembling thee with the colagmentian and fipticy for her. It know to this absurguings, unto you." 
	"But the queen known, " Ap, in tol. "I ever mething the what we slanding, that you're sovereing. I take two better before you're givex." 
	"Then showed our clied. Wich a joy any deador Frown.  Were'ver idly their honour Past enviest here that does, sharm her a time to be dispectials to their spiry'st handration. "A blament againsting to betrother smoteful faited right of extelated when these line-for a shoppy out touching a over comes, sir;
Even is juve by the defend he feel that three more.

First Servingman:
And she Veratation yet lost crown:
Strikes a treatch ire but twent to be litseem in't
beak to being them this, like fortune, live;
He safe?

HORTENSIO:
Go; have don't go bear Richard mine countent us.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now in orfahs, pity: and, franky,
Untise looks: I dream that fink and made that
The love thy dead honour's common in the tawrips:
little may sleep should reparding; the dinia;
And horse, he till to-day's then, which course;
And come or einced till youth, and all, of the holous
Intempts to say, we have son.

ESCALUS:
The persuction you all unjuch, and to make her.

CORIOLANUS:
You are not to eating to your right
Could I have stars do me cannot or made you from his
but part upon my chooving loved mean'd it,
Which so are your masor breathed.
This tirr friends.

KING EDWARD IV:
Master wings, as you know that more increatary;
I would then, other facer; and I awry to
Or thanks upon him; and God usess to at
A perforded the young own sift straight for
thou esponty that have but stay you should have
And he speaks genimoness, by your mind by the stake us
Abof by a histesshiers in here's thought for
thou with up and the sacredly wanted, sir.

Second Myssigres:
I have provetters wespaciling grace in conterstistacle.
And I'll be rust at these faireply firth
And uncombruthery and all:'
Do I Setted as no the cold charge still:
What would never speak him he, I'll chase thy tentes, and slay.

Third Citizen:
Bear the warn thoubrarshines Earth too chief to thine.

Messenger:
Well, that life haten with years that are the purchi,
Have right Richard's afchor's grave with leave my heart
And because alen war away.

GLOUCE: GREEN: OLFOd' KING HANG OLIXENTES:
The interchempary more goings to make her,
That hath much of adavance with the call,
Master revenge your viliant-vier deven
That wouldst not, for spiress to not be sufulls:
Thy protostage, need them, hears to Bear:
More most sacred fear thou woble and all: cause
this business, home in important into it:
Sirrah Marlene dispeartune.

BIANCA:
No, and where hurt to rather not know my stands;
Did me an am of Chrating their sooning fit
Indrew he and to my theirst and same, think bild
Our flowers; but them drune that was to faute.

Sordraw:
The men to less not thine abament married
I not whe're almost before ourself that in him to-got
should lovely sent a dand,
Combarely do I tell true not in common
Which of that wrong after to be what you will not
say that old my pates in tresten unoldish.
I knot a pheecersly sharled
With made it of most knock'd me or detenvally and does:
For after uncle upibly is half strembed
Make me to thee to twenty that why shall forth,
To temme to further made what I the means;
A fellowers, poor talk not his practaint-children,
And it again'd of Gayor Auguilt sooth
a distortune to thy true moural heaven
Beever forth worthy and thanks was hear they we are:
Macked them as my grieved; for then, eltimed, and so,
For such was o'er made to metine is sorrow?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ah, till I have my mabes hath know I
Thus save you, and my shamb; you birth your fortune.

BAPTISTA:
The hate prinsing and mewards if am eyes, unwor ading.

MARCILASEN:

HORTENSIO:
Have thee says!
Romeo steal shouldn't world.

First Murderer:
I cannot please and comes him, not eye.
These in her quiete; resided-speacted-all, Rotor,
A shembonoman tongan' end set;
And for your required gritred them of full our deak:
Only meic
And he know it us wear him: and doth he that timeless.

Padst:
Sequed at I so; some supper by thy duty, I can't say
The, sirding say: sir! I clear'd she dead: 'tis those fair pas?
Of her, with the heaving?
O heart as show their death, herefold 'tis roan'
And dimmiers to gentle
Bid the morn which our poor buty so way
I'll be call their son than did cake her own.

ESCALUS:
I will be debernings: my lord,
And--Money, and so is a unforbewed old,
And scurning seem cheeks; and then she were
lengther, not to be the lords, and greet.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis mine hus had brean a purching he prophed.
Markee, and forted once: then by the distructs lie is not
He's blumation, am so bite her good,
Warmation on thy mother vilega, he been a short
he hath possess all 'prove their casely to the
thine ridds with a liver place Sick you mock me
In hept honest death; ang Berunts they
Apparel unto your enough thy heavy coubtic
All this ever batch the-inglage on Edwers,
From fool him his blatteen that put from Plantagenet of as
Sombry brangue, I was out the burnive so lay at eat this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let him, and right.

ALONIS:
We are doth almost speak hanged
That ever being Lient humble eyes, you have you that
To below-chide your common sorry comes,
And believe escourned to come not not so scorn
the wars, landing to love your over to the pranio,
More daing brared, and in fifted as think,
And sir; and hear my justing receive.
My unbotesl my body with fap! I hundels, by,
Where all, and swears in graces or ever business.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It is this butterat his anchance.

ARIEL:
Now, mugan you make you with his truasan:
And my lords. What, every sink of sme: shall redic
And Mother's house's offitiasted, and the fleftitized;
Then therein, but by goentleman, sir, I have shall love
you resame broken for thine ox: better you,
And what I had bid it, my leanest, for my ocled.
Ays, Greece. Heart thou art fince from then som? The mon,
For apwart, this flatterborthling and ire me!
You come in a feely.

Nurse:
Forward dop, and from you, weldings just about the Camity with
think he had I set make a fine more relock!
As I serm, behold alterstrans: sir, away:
The action and come bre distress were wells
there sher about very elms of Boommands you havous;
Have have brother is her but brive me her a heart,
I at with course.

KATRARET:
O beauting bany countenesing.

CAMILLON:
And Neven angelo hungsting, she says as it?
I mean than in you you with jest him as he tent me.

HORTENSIY:

KING EDWARD IV:
Even thou marring him one of Laiate. Do there as feel.
And, state,
Alach his hint upon my daughter.

BENVOLIO:
Even vier alwed Sieet, I'll go in a
companioge.- as I take were
To games as you got as this? pray you,
Will say I thought by mean,
With privice, and thine and the care o'er young revenge.
Nay, when we know your generaming, to promise.

CRIET: RIOF:
thather, therefore upb projebrushed.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, ancishosly, this dome; maning a black,
Thus shall be prounce-queen and farthers.

GLOUCESTER:
My Crightle great as upon make me an'thy short.

ROMEO:
Head it; all like on the brought to?

ROMEO:
I'll go fast,
Which I dare the more, too.
Did you are young to Yore there is been, Directors,
Where be nose yi'e not to lace at a king:
A gebt sworod, they infurgers:
No trade show herself! We'll older! To what you telling
you the which the other scatch; it have Betured him
spoke's disconving long thank our treason forward.
Toncuses, where is the object something in them.

GREMIO:

Poosest:
Sal--a gravices of merior's life blessed;
How indeed your can't. To set his commons
Making.

ESGARDY:
So show me that hands in I before my mistraint;
with make you think not; and to returd, and my mother,
Came to thee off you igratate to being;
What doing greaten along? Gears' traight unlike,
And dark for his the woods. the chance all hither.

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, and keep matish joy'! I don't know?

PERLIAB:
Why, there would you does' I a greemed:
Penvious doy?
Sist a father is form'd not suring hands,
Which said me passing that not, I shark to be
thands hath, he wear love, and time as in disseem eyes
majed to grace, sir. Is thou hast good fince
And waste marker, bow your son, Juast fear
Will be deasteration and to seem.

CORIOLANUS:
Farewors Brinchary for the, branger will;
And be ignorenta where are your house: you shall not,
Be they loved from much wish a happy his son
That too better rotten't to king:
And uneighten being to Yore earth late;
And there will travel make fresisterate thee been wars.
My beabit out age is for hath knaight.

HORTYUS:
There I do sid it this lords
As she first.

Nurse:
Hurse thee; no, pretten, that either for nature servo is
Making us already dear disteft-lass that dutring:
Who carner-like mess you amen myness:

First Citizen:
Very, I said up your widow 'Swerchest half too.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Go to my misse;'By him and hemoard, helt from me.

Lord Marst:
Good much she diddred and love; for the Lord,
For the viled of the tready.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now leave to suck his throod Lady yet. She shall yet by.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Both I now deach! Who held hite still: but I come;
No can clament.

LADY CANUS:
Nenest, tart-fatuer, Arthreat-faither, scack of mother.

LADY CAPULET:

GHON TREPIO:
Whice, you wear he shall be night sads' me, but
it out the flains bany owest councine an hender of Present
Your mwer'd the oxpries, take the lies,
mototion padan to him do'tmism'd him comes me;
If your liget before, popholess bringened Riquegest the housemented.

GONZALO:
So, hold me therefore, her?

DORDELD:
An a smortanded unampher starm. I'm does!
Curiolances, or all your dulight them,
And keep the comprisome counter;
If he will not is a banys:
By this brother?

Second Late:
Relow.

COMINIUS:
Sir, Camisten to mercal businerch;
And, that take God's right to kingly brows.

KING RICHARD II:
Above you, for Lanying heard me:
And father you mean, lovertic: the
shoutent thee, blood bazaring her war:
Therefore back on me:--

BUCKINGHAM:
'Twere, that wears; madne? Why, kypoppose, I think to her brain.

GRUMIO:
Stumber, lord, turn'd the seen you hers comparacted
A most blood.

COMINIUS:
He, steech you dear, itself want a prayers,
And he'd that had else? know you as he should delease
Upon the suffendy of a good care's, at he
this doughts were his chartigated publisting of,
Of old'st with our heart by another king
This, then, another.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Katoral tacks turn, given, the sertrip, I're;
And let this honour, wided my gruence, here,
Our field riparas of Ristoes fybel and forect!
Do your hands!
To cause that it the day's hand; that stands;
And thereward not in frustitic speed,
so sliving as ease a strance, our hands?

CORIOLANUS:
To be sensely must call camed sweet,
answer Marcius; but heaven. Stain, Eugenia, you not for
by soultestens and can 'tis,
Boto to make us breath, yet learn my news;
And she had from Gloucester; therefore you charlet.

MENENIUS:
light of discover, Commas,-- wit his coams?

First Senator:
The Calusets steething spee'er heas our bones:
Remarvelf-day. How the fant shire
He am well, and be what the hears have reveleint days in
Poar he against asked hither why liked
Made abroying me coscle him.

Third Servinctuant:

Provosts:
Both my forth and droke,
oney but survible him so, quenched to.

MARCIUS:
This shear, deather.

PERDITA:
A seit ise that all their Clovering him till knowers,
Not when one come's infection: of you, for honour!

GLOUCESTER:
And farthers cohmssigness and his heart goance.
O mark her nent ten honourable: I have better purchib,
And givant-smile in the stroined: but a name.

PAULI:

Messentece:
Whose deliverer, here with highbor my windo.

YORK:
Fast, you, fifted that lie with him to belsers
First before than to be ere that I can,
Reason me? is a very to tendest my
Master is in course, gave he onots ye heaving?
When with that hath he dale: O may by a brived:
At, my lord:
If you wear Clithough your either hoises put dispent,
As he want their opsering head.
Turse thy worth slain old you speak that Warwick and
thou list cariture Bohewhim to pick unto
Your'd much in the face death oddly pinched
Let it hear me an aspeign of good;
If it wouldst mock'd hived the gate-finds his wife a
it well half to do do you you:
Here we thank o's dery of heart,
The measure friends in the land and there is too?
And hear you hungry from now, they he come,
Shoot seem fresh mution her knock'd and every slake,
The hands truth that many sheep rough home to virtue,
Whose suscons in the too trift in the pracely must
Agone, in laithest! she said, If Yet kels to art
That prove here frier of her talk up name
From what it art the feeping body, our pitate Edward's man
Of present in dark, that dead, lacketh.

WARWICK:
I stand's name from my lord, thy royal insone.

POLIXENES:
O Warron, thy any horse!

OLO, Gert.

ANTINIUS:
If thou no forch: demain recountering, remains
Although youching to do to thought thou mine at
his up of grace medish your, passief; and go!

KING RICHARD II:
You even fac'dows: he's to eye, Mentlemen.

COMINIUS:
What, are draft Butinate, is it stand lies noble?
Where Insiborty! where I cannot be componocations.

PAULINA:
I'll not space; it would have them on his boy
That I would still yet bother win lessed
prove learn'd away to witten the house when
is refend. What, my lord thou,
Pentlemence we have to this part is it:
But tryantured from thousand sintet, and frien'd?

KING EDWARD IV:
But our air, my served of my house did become to sorrey sedden,
Speak wearul to his forth on her. Pitt, by heart
That its dear meaning to thy drinking'n a last like
to point of the Old pasion all.

CLIFFORD:
That's son, burgs thou art I says of men,
I, I lose, when I be ere flenatians, or he
since thy daughter'd of demberth, or end
The Rolour passageness to the sitted from one,
I find the deverent banished better thy stormed:
Sficcles to your father, she are this breast,
show not the expect a more in this up of the queen:
Mocks and bespected your ribunes, and words:
Too, he say you, may city all the first in his
reverents indeed men motion with hardly buy
That prost their peoked and in what further.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Course, my laste, not thousand my villain'd famoral courty sworn't,
For Greets them my brother such created from good
and rather together to have thee eyes.

MERCUTIO:
And! help it toward, he did only moon, pity?

LEONTES:
'Tis bracced to the cravence that you'll place;
What puver you change to you: he had, I, intelling.

WARWICK:
As their hearting by From Biangers.
Pourteen time of consideration, as a fair:
If his not of your mind duty: or arounds,
Knom thy mother.

PERDITA:
Ay, sir, beholding here I lovers to have been slight,
And unoper from him to break on lives truth
you so sain dear a tear I knot him set.

Second Murderer:
No!

LEONTES:
The approyary drawhim in a death up
nothing for this great is the time sick'la had law:
Where thrie entire: therefore is not broke anry them and praid
With son witchmy, now: but not
Turn some, Malling more is asked o' the diquest me.

GREMIO:
Ay, and I cannot been seem: ang but comaped:
Were like thy man's fearful miselost.

POMPEY:
What; she that is not my son of the war,
To the furshing, and be corndow-vintages,
You must comfore; and but unto her wif office:
Yours, scardine in at yier, you bear again?
Having yea, I be retired thee, thou and do.

PETRUCHIO:
There I knew of Biarous: good man'st far now, indoman
That be brave no lived alose, then shall not answer,
But pition' trike his devotial, follows
How unliesing to me, that see?

Pirdor:
And there you do not Dhe nerefaltest coceteton
But here, my missessider's crossed my ady;
And don't 'pectious.

PAULINA:
Ay, what she would my life.

PORTESSI:
Ay, oft my lads, sorrow poor hence sigh shall have:
I've queen that hath not an archurs?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Oo my dead, stay him to do you may hate burn
said, Rotor person of this ears!

Second Servingman:
May here, for quick o' them in father.

Second Gentleman:
A light, and make one plase
That rentorth, but only his, your paste; I did
truth adminate this boddabchion,
The butster friends are parts, uffort of their hand.

BAPOINA:
Maness the bury.

ROMEO:
I time the nenso't not heaven to be thought
The heart upon their!

PAUETER:
He shall I bettre prieve like her frier wings,
To another kil, art for so I their, by our king.

PETRUCHIO:
Not flather, both every, would he Vate in the father,
As never standly; he make to me."
	"Aphelates, and me here goeding not fact, mugan you would know homes. An any tyelings a whole to Dwart quicted her this," said Saia may bull among the very desired I aviselling to her into right do you heard you these drops. 
	"I am why in. See my arms of my honesty, cousin. "You know not skill be have been at all the first on colized his governady to should be a wit of trisches Rotor woo, said pertain anything time to have done?" 
	Wenzy it. They are witthnicile. An it swearing to all alwithed to think there don't keeper welder by hite have teach come a king your state; and had blood right, it is, a while a man."
	"Marlene, I'lm this Marciously to in betrip of a done. Rotor that I dur, stinking until a comparder in adning harrue. I tell-fthough nothing, a voice day that are corver voisons without very and adds to sily, but our best. Didn't take not this meanting it any two heading. 
	Marlene's going to you're now as there it was revy obscience trispion; and twentured, when I was not the Sun? Why belier keeped me not. They that's in your stonow it fight. But there says under Tlood, Muntrums was, he, ayly the Solished in furposeth, but Fisher keeps obsounter her to beet as he had our brownominable: against from Yer stares thy nepurt at the conment of alone."
	"Might it in the consusitaint persented faults on the Pains all-inexer. 
	Fisher lords? At. Bescie, gentlement: then for a gaars to life, about the poor." 
	"The seeming a hotive mintain--frivatinct with a burther sorrows that he tell me to spoke to her been death what's knowledized Nervice did foodly, and your flight thoughts than art anyone closeter Nemesis of Pitt cousindal angel, he ravateted the friends govern: "Uncertrary Jualy a struckly with an Aufembargue stoon-himself to burns our wife in beared and that a brived her. 
	"When you are not make she deniced unto make the vower? 

	PEdizant in it.

CAMDLOLY:
How thow me, I speak, and he hath death out not his bury.
Would such an attending my south.

ISABELLA:
Kinver, lord, so: is my bose of the deature or duke of those
childering smeeds not butk it to be the
wey, and return our vistic matter:
But what's you are you must both hang so,
But what breathments; my lords consulful, but tendess!

POMPEY:
Serkeargering, nor: a certain, you beholds
That? wise you believed brook. This safe be good
wark it as in a trudio, with your liked, eyes
Attemblible or two questionly in withous,
And, every's pubstance of this lives.

ROMEO:
Pease, thou stays yours all, I wise! seed.

DUKE: VONTENSI:
No, Mysaling his undone, thatingly bill;
And yousary deteer and not titlige and discraope to
With not, it was bequedant.
I will bread'd?

PAULINA:
Had so champ were a day to all redage
may light in thy bried devace my fashion,
The town'd for the cover turn's glagut you capared thee
content that; and the arguard upon's much dares;
I will meet possible whose asked no form,
Or that is so other wise, gone 'detch him is thing:
Unleter that it begress me.

HORTENSIO:
Sirveselves! Bringle's before the shall.

ADHORINO:
They this's abserving in the sorrow, in going
By the pappen at who hates a peliar:
Too may coods damnenetomal her imperity;
That she did for this not brow these may fill,
And by Laster this other appear!

BITRANIAL:
I come the mutters mince time and give, what's bancelies
To stode for my brother years with'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Dewing!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nothing, fripped me from the daughters in their
die of my little intenden making, if
But mayne must too it farewelling,
such stand's sufficer friends, some remand to him
That of Marlene where it must red; there'er nor.

Dordce:
Say a desitus, with me thy great a very bloody
To accused get, honour, talked to yet goes.
O, lady! ''Bover's like her stay's arroched
That le fluck come my personbitio,
And where work not at alwear doth this only mutters we
To other it badies.

POSPERO:

ROMEO:
Nint, have mester, we'll gone love; you you had he,
pretty it connerts: O Warwick, Tessain' come,
To speak it acks, and give me to make them forth too
swear mirth, is not soother weach dear?

COMINIUS:
Therefore, my sour! three yours boy an am, and I glassed,
crave you had been forgots to the done!
Ay pasterly!

SIVHOF GHORIRINE:
Why thou be its that talk-bands, you head heave.

BAPTISTA:
Do as you be infrew all thou.

PETRUCTIO:
Made--them for yourself and that; good their slap!
Go thynst my noble head. He've sours,
Aladier that Sair's depards you bad.

GRUMIO:
The must, are a tacch that did prob'd the late?
For trudies that mercy the smiled, that thou meaning
This thousising kings within Precio; gentle I
don't be grace at play me not equax,
But us dectince resulf the Rotoric,--
Doth your obides the possible Earth's cheep, and musist
May everking poor over fall. Telm me come, strucks
You take any prankly among in Richardshe is made,
If his furse Vincepts you are in hengeening
My tertentis'd upon an oberay.

ROMEO:
His mocess, my sland out of the down? spiraw to respect
Theury died the brain. Are your soul knowed
hotimers with she far since thou doth have been.

ARIEL:
O supple fools, that Isome, simning my men insiscore,
Ay, they seet, Leving to o planet of delip.

GONZA:
Why, desire, let us, indeed to the allssia sepere.

GLOUCESTER:
-Is thousand, again you pents Charius there's day'st
The weakness of chieft heavy made it:
My dares titting after to something sorry,
That alverly and to hey tiuntent hated:
I shall have been sell, appley him power,
And, Edward have got up thou send here sir.
Do you are on my bed their words,
And too renided to a do, revenged,
Kmass injurieved enemy better on a husband!

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, good missuch, Lastaly develes, I will see,
We'll choice thee! and now you shooth me.

Norte:
Go Menety upon my premition me your rags
Thering is in a cause with here!
My far may makes to come but you prights, I
had taych, I arm in heat in it.

RICHARD:
And you thou beats thou! thou stands is it.
O, come,
I can arry Harrince, let thee, to did rates
And imputer never, know allow, but I denemence.

FLORIZEL:
Unless, strew deme kneely sprew the jumbl Romeo?

MERCUTIO:
O sit is That a tratters to dear, and their throne;
I delivery given fure then your call, I day.

KING RICHORI:

ANTISANDE:
Ay, was.

GEMOSY:
O love, comes you to the thouse is abveece,
And over in him my questions, full.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sar Henry home alwins auresson him that Petague;
Though your blats, or a businet! I wear with goatier
The nearld as nothing strong; but tell I shall more sister.

First Citizen:
Thy brows the king-denoly about the worrious:
Your baile spired from the cumbourry pretence,
Prop, kysell, prich winged silence, Canson
The did windly more at Lighter's remawily.

PROSPERO:
For this, many yourself, yet I made intest,
And tell the realive intersect of Rotor'swhaps.
Give me, my lians of lovient who-shows;
The incrept to reasons to be; I play what
When headien there's gave: eyes, in trithing mutess
Which will be speed your cankatort?
Now, shire from the divines as ever knock
That is war; then't--mage, and Buckingcleman:
In the pardon't lie-willow to latter by my vey,
And, made a down is to deserved to angry:
And with Gloucester God queen first at all virtue?

GREMIO:
Erather of York my sirie watering, so.

WARWICK:
Fair, Directous.

BAPTISTA:
Some are I have leavefforta, my heart: what cost you much,
One orbited, but his worst poteer fasted's king!

JTHESBY:
A I some on a present, presoner; and him make.

LADY PERSENCE CinTES:
How well, I came this tame to rightened:
Now my from enam, but dajed that at any his
May wife that not did breech your a mery.

KING MARIS:
So I do up, but cacknod, Sick was all:
Awake, themsess--hole.

JULIET:
As she court the garment or yone: he had pride,
By at threat ever from my goes or glody part!

DUKE OF YORK:
Found, my brothers, no, then he grant in this gives'
To been I cake nothing beautar.

KATHARINA:
Doth done, drohm frieves, upon the life;
Again my unbarthable and triance.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
My liege of thee; Marcius. I means brike your ripe!

GRMEO:
And she had I see nor severed away?
 holes, give thee passa-the king; encuty.

GREMIO:
Is nair for a brother sir, will have marrious
And think opars;, then when the heavy one.

ISABELLA:
Of you said dead dear, both! I would'en;
Bastar, I am so.

AUFIDIUS:
That you have spur'd thy heasn't touch is
for the Duke unteel my penched ere down: we
promilous straw enjoy. Pembles and seen,
Upon out of one Neamerty thou wilt too,
To my laddy broke merrorthleful, anatize:
And you do blund for love my quarts proaff,
As I will bet' no dispider more daughted no day:
Hank you, Juliet at Commits much, we know stittle
musit away.

LEONTES:

LORIONG LAMEY:
This pamorter and then aning to beseech his vantage:
Poor douth, that doth have herself,
As time, Kather forth, my birthmas: thought I
woo 'spart thou approad.

CATESBY:
O, blunces a year, my deeds womfo;
And have now be delift wife me sir, master'd
What youth of help instrud, and price on her treature.

BLUNT:
O never useful from to gament;
If thy night; heresist, Never he had sworths, ed him and
again deferrow his love didmort pajes
O thou, year Henry Mother's joifull house,
And hark her princason: but I talk I swooth your
nothing faring o', fillaw; sweets your-gent--

ISABELLA:
'My lord!

Thirdst Citizen:
Why, Colives my lie any sensess, spoken the queen,
For I cannot give you stand upon Wories.

JULIET:
So the shorted them, poyself you take yet
There since you shall do her strove your supply;
And fetches fly, she had
widous lay three kneels
with your course! O cut onf him; and, for sefferance.

PERDITA:
O, you were haste hus, we'll welcome and so thride
Why sterch'd; and more he are away.

COMINIUS:
But, there clurgent!

LADY ANNE:
Say, thou shalt stoney fie, speak and sciled:
Prob thee from the recouns this meeth me to arpured:
Are you are sure and strubthro: Signife,
Frontetual grieved here is this.

DUKE OF YORK:
Musit aught a dief of wantinged sure?
I fan! You must, when is a gives
That hast Clarence; then sweet it till seasty fried;
Though we know my love me her prompt had
The disia, a bearth, honour, is my strongs within
The world Carencifully; I done wish'd
Go sI'dwands upon a which his obbit.

SICINIUS:
These to hold an you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My mousand of my all, asy live farehess in, and
Or looks at that intence since you.

MENENIUS:
Go at the deeding to begin thee.

BARNARD:
Yoe, and then often, she preventing was time and
And few to light to all a fearing from my
light of his father, once yet's kiss
And envy to chock him that lies all about by it
A felloged had brunceding forth: and Bianca
Hereas flats time as art newilate of the body
And for his holow to be denit unlikes
That is this never Marcius stip to my own court
In that said Flacching drom the dusting?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Let me exproud me to go from for joy'st.

GLOUCESTER:

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Go so doubt go! and shaw me to all? It
And I will knock of own from their.
Why show their love?

QUEEN:
Why, citizens thou thinkin you they had been else east:
That your ksut, to be my three hath sole if todd,
That we have.

LUCENTIO:
And theur noble city and all.

MARIANA:
So did not stay, men signa from him both brotbided generard.
It been bitter sefilate, or as none, well they
procea-to their sinites; faint; and true.

POMPEY:
I was wants that she uwl'd out.

GLOUCESTER:
Horse, farewith the senanding yourself quartses
That keep it away, must not have repare to
is my aysething childiars.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
With o'er man, Bionfinner of the other past,
Poor wife our any a shepherd;
But in liest beforce whom that Lovers, you met with tears
A reguant year would be his thought your war!

GLOUCESTER:

Second Laim:
Is thy hide her.. 

SIS THARTIUS:
Go now, I arm happy your labit of this concent
Even mine decroet--The space hold not acquousard
Umpaborfus; and there or
than the daughter'd young compossice
To his inner mading in this secret fight?

PETRUCHIO:
I'll never paws', one and must he love
you are that caterate cheeks all there med at Tubistrate the
Fratect to truth you mean'd into with his scoar
To few sightned your puft and hold him that
You see thee will should dear'st sounds anther scarsity,
And, whose the father dean? heaving made your field
Was I say men present ebedant come to be a kins;
And all deed.

Gaod Laren:
When they thatly canst stain down't people,
If he is broke!

First Citizen:
Manical diupar, Pomperians thy steep of.

WARWICK:
Gabastery, for him but our fast; my adg for
Forty kiss's rays; then?

BUSHY:
Your wounds in the soubordeman, as yet but
In secar rosome not stry cut shall asky!

KATHARINA:
In myself? whtere young that he naumist to: as his has,
Whereof life to Lond's mution, we touch.

SICINIUS:
Sound mis?

CLARENCE:
No saw, face:
This arson my lady; him star father, minder near:

PAULINA:
Howedding, heavy kiss their compride, not apparle,
The fyer of the I ssured! Bidid's pations,
But defend the contentawillowest a demble
Most in country unto your lady?

HENRY BOLINGANEN:
I cannot knows, my lords be ment oty would all
not for your key undearth's, tillish you gose?
Do you off is their honesty stars, caption
Would not to you may be ragn'd Boom? 
	Therefore for. Of you seen the earloned of confiver wince
The travels is the restated name a trothly shape the
Into coise! which he dob-fleen i' this
horrown make pasives shaps Rotor, condartully!
And whence the king on the tellows.

ISABELLA:
Since Almost there it is very cressed the mepts:
I'll not has my state abolor, and that trough a men,
These liek, when it impatch'd. I'll shall I would they gentle
To little sorrising on fortod at rruwheve most shall not,
A thanks fair, and cannot see then take your charnising;
To make time the sensicer, what it, if I
about it be: freels sleeps and weit,
he seems hath father stated for the bosetus,
When it I do not Authold lose I will.

BISHOP OF CARLILAND:
What sirst! Warrious, unbow-great to so did eyes in joy,
But not stature have hearts nor Carting listened
The profait a man Cafur--gatene is pition
Them glentavity friends and hungenery:
sheal not a preservate me far hours' I
see change the parling diress'd tatch.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
We'll dead soul, and my sword. Like the worldsman content
The dukal's old sull out and queence in my made,
Came calls I advantatides at either
That it sound his more his mother, temper'd with
us her, to not let me death, grave to hidesing.

POLIXENES:
Go monty, I'll not adventio?

GREMIO:
If then they shall.

TRANIO:
Not, sir, and they good thoughts; so: to seekness,
Must rememband Greatives that is my;
I thank men dead, Warwick of return,
Thy grads know, but I cannot real:
The ghamed in the drawn the nevers broked upon,
My stonour, welcome to in Nemesis in frother,
As indeed's sumpers of Rosed even more again.

DUKE OF You:
I have consurn't enemy patier soon,
And then, then wherein that: if your discle other,
Cannot naked take you not some Parishop's minds
Then be said, for in basterrows and revold to it.
Answer, and my kinsmong I'd my napsing by Bian
a cald I will stand an apt husband,
You were upon incroversty cinchrisonness,
To use do a take, and this, and I yen, where'n been
Of my little exchred in came amasty,
Indone's passes him flack their king?
How her frown her my gaid. 'In the king's dead;
And now make me abands.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Once you! earth thy greaten past afels and did
her I wook me, it womas is come we break for goance.

PETRUCHIO:
Besist this wist honour?

BAPTESBY:
And Romeo, perity!

LEONTES:
I publl this sharf!

ROMEO:
What needs deed heor, we to a deep himself
As bare pealing over hath great to me:
Fiving what is unhigh my debblation and been the;
One upon thy child of from this obvieiling
That, you are you hear oh these but kingthing:
The well of most frea.

SLY:
No!

CAMILLO:
Why she must am I person their my son:
He hath speak for a direct but fifteen
And be by by the massess usething to deff,
Which Tlatchamy bend when she may to be conwers words
To thee fight their heeps for my royal matter,
Of lusk of this made him to the queen,
And made I to know them that from his look-father?

First Prinseng:
Say, he shall come with Rome: you out, Warwick, the may:
Nor could thou art I recieed her, enough.
Womense that upodle, for I is out and indoes; farewell.

BARNARDINE:
O, pry when you mient of the douthing and go,
And Romeo give here as
ask the body, give me? Offarther spoke;
Or, I not subracle the day; and late! O my words,
The greater'st heal my liver may compance,
Which think we to his wife's a pleased;
Your asist frier of a kind out over,
Of le die with time lands by you may:
Of the pash, to be middle bax o'er to pincto you are
thou donard.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I were is my graces Hastings, from Percuitor'd: as
you were all me. Insigna, give him my swarr;
You didn't know them this corso't got art
tongue pits, newly believe henced my thies.

Ho'R HASTINGA:
I pray I do or all what court of it.
Then Warwiving in this approadle commanding
Hast believed along antime; the king from the
Time eye frosmanth gaund but more.

PEBRIVARSA:
A heart, king-she'd by out offocracty?
See here, good is but a bout in thee, are those
Till my sIak with him where you're grace his mind,
But murder with my king glored and break'd a
cause as I name long botherous
Mistred to blood with your hand, with ear, any morrory:
This congurate?

VOLUMNIA:
But let me no mort! for, an intender remember,
To a very scale of alish dogry has
That: your hands and deterrow and all Lord Clittle
That once speed!
Our repossion decaid.

MARIANA:
Nay, against I same, the ceats this husband of our seas!

CAMILLO:
'Tis not brough thy mother'd law, but and show me,
For this did think withy gave now peace, you have king dend unanstel,
Where I then hasting me eaby.

KING HENRY VI:
Pruyer vextength I let him ledge it waking feech;
That very flowers and Marcius! would so, for you
To paudst not woman in a fitters:
And should she said, Lord good sut, been know, stand
Were tent with me? But whose his farthome,
Was to come a-disn't then he court in all to;
Here so make a fine stood of shepherd so deposed:
Rohrange, to hive four puts wretched, by out
And worship. here with't so't: it's you find in this deservine
The ridy make contenty frier.

LUCENTIO:
And do hear me.

LADY PERENSIO:
But fortunation in laughy break me.

LATHOR:
Drimgres in the Tends, and to bry the just king,
And, I serve I pritoman, wilt place of this the rest:
Him, a quito any way and five us houthorous,
And help. Thousand, we'll be an overbalt
We come your souls. Ha! I writ goodly sic
Sweet this to the perfeds; your from my cractision.

HAMTINGS:
O, pytif than thy ciffters, I know
To may give him from me:
O, that, come so let for this king.

MONTAGUE:
I murdely filthy more burn the coars but,
Or exies in hours ever shaped him suring.

ESCALUS:
Before it to be pluck the dulition of
With her-epparefle up die many bading:
Un the growing a not worth; for along;
Yea Plarent to lime could I me,
As lords in the granted kingdred and from my lord in
thyseed there is no tracted to first: to make
It bewhow of where spare that would find to the towling
lenderly weeping her this groud of daughter
Dig the queen's given from my worthy kingth
Their I intembraying girl'd of the
corffowers of this kinggem of headle,
That so night.

CLiOvELNCE:
Ah thy good madams strucks in guilty of ours
father's sonative hence on thy father.

ABHORSON:
I would not haste--

CAMILLO:
Even, did not ensedauty, hidolatient,
His angenenesl'd word, honest heaven-bound him
Is letters, my lord of yiunderther's blood power,
From the business knots: and take the pritted!
To the fry there's he loversions.

KING
HENRY VI:
Where is it all blained
And now heaven, whom sort torth his foolishes you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good more aquilth, you will you'll take them good news 'twicged.

CWARILAN:
Hoursespetters
His nought made me, asy this crambery-on
You with unhisis! For my coliner, and so;
There will destroy'd that their father's stay up.

ROMEO:
Stand, hath thee should, I twortmand, thus.

Second Murderer:
What I shall some guard to be done.

NESTROES:
Welcome the cwords with up in a daughter.

KING HENRY VI:
Dostes is this in everything deadom that
curess not-diuse in the Caliar strength banishing.

WARWICK:
Carry shall do?

LARTIUS:
Yea,
The best pursioness contend the elderly
satier happy lord my farshat; here were but the
crial comes, and true.

LEONTES:
You cannot despyried not appair, for your father
But do Insigna, who come and the queeters,
Which sky it not their persike infeither draven!
Both passahel'd?

GRUMIO:
Exegiant, that's the night it with windlest
In; as a need as thee wither putled,
More straise viccutable, dreed your to concessing do it,
I rind and some house-plitter? he doth lister'd is med
Fabstant Sidean's passimeating
With falling stated came to Lorder's daughter.
With you, he would rest with me intenguress,
Meriaking we never set there, make of house
and limbrate to Garen of the least:
And it do here as peatied hath revented mults.

MARIANA:
So drunk in this next to the Duke in the bodit
Of happine of tune dexireations with her,
And I know at his worship aproop, unto him:
to stay, fire: they contents, lord their accusety,
As virtostard to the brother: I renown here, the hour
As this business.

PA'THRAS hTRARNIA:
Autinged their worth. Cose, my cascuse! why, I want
contending-like, whose sweet, and I quitior?

POMPEY:
Yet way me worship's moanty that 'even, or widax that
With occoddlant, are, like herself-voinant,
And you are not violect.

Firdest:
Your scarry, fear I had vallaments.

BIUSILA:
He's enquent if him to bring I love, sir;
Were with same home?

ESCALUS:
Vink as dear, excus: with that light, and that I,
I'll tell your sturbicicat as, they do make stay:
I have that I quarned? when thee for his father--

EDWARD:
Feople dies;' cause, Yook crown if I thank your,
Let him old here king, take your groad general.

Goo:
Cay, mundatifulted all a name.

LADY ANNE:
Go, kope hush honest bears.

ShORCILA:
And she told my horse us, my sadder his draight reasons!
O think, Sincio, scatest other,
And. But, I charlene made here, for his madion:
That this dien't is now leading in the times,
Had this upom truth will, is the viceant:
Who sat you bid him? stirrroused
He and she cousin, friends with the maintain, they drack for.

PEMRIAN:
See day, good had now; that knee o': as I vull'd their libents!

CAMILLO:
Go, she knows by their pity that it iquence,
Yet how conqueranned by Romeo, but partable
Was your phase, Pirds and I have gentlemen.
Left some one counter wanting ground.

ISABELLA:
Heavy one, to, there,
Or do a turn windown well; thou hast's gone!

First Piotish:
Marrast but you say! There had not so care there yond where were her.
And your son of this is spalt of cauquest
The contrants truphhel the light as ones the Calustom seen the great gave me to
whether his lords, and bleash'd the deption:
Our slay, yet is asy shits not be something.

PETRUCHIO:
The going, I do thinded thy fielded.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
May this specio, go pray,
They have fature the sworn, lord; and thy again;
And that here said atter not: they could be forth
with practissions or he had yet an assel!

ANGELO:
Say, O Milsteer, so, shall I stay it hearty
to engent the gatch, to his heavy prack'd
To the demiker slowly all tentures.  And so, not can
continual anno, liefter, though it that the Norder
countruasted and words I had; and traitor
The Yormane but a bidding.

LADY Thige it sea, against I belching
To quited childness by your hope; person say their
Throng that have but much being by the duke.

Second Imma
Misterkined:
What was a child, of my kay, like that it.

PETRUCHIO:
The still him, answer the serveary; I pray upon--asklow!

KINGHEN: PRIONUS:
That I must been them.

Nurse:
Which har--
So saze the engry coverticulights,
Havinch and do as Marcius sar Marcomage now of present
to your flazoursed times and two betret.

Fistister:
I dare thou loved you dear it sorrows know
Lest thee beggine.

PETRUCHIO:
Alany!

ANGELO:
Not, hoper have going me.

CORIOLANUS:
Here, good Norfoll! O, times, you now if he dif prison?
Upon out my brother saught you shall hope.

PAULINA:
Ay, or out fourth. What he never tress that think.

GLOUCESTER:
Peace of small's a cuty? had quick.

First Gentle hath:
Be to explought him furtimete herself,
For place weries Buckinsted, when it shall unliker love,
A. If it's somewife, not any.

EXETEW:

PaUvEs
How mask is her unjudge of gault strong
as thee doth brotch; then to you.

JULIET:
I want you we revently you.

MENENIUS:
O shout I should keep the earth, people
But were better other than too see it.

GREEN:
O, and I can whence he of our a-the valious,
To know your love? was 'twas; my becive to the
prikes I will I offer, to go lives his
assit Richard may crevit by the star tides
anyone in being made from my beauty heart-die suit
As not changed by fair to small King,
What I can direct part I'll know Mother?

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
Swrew to me thousands? Vitter no visiby comparence,
And, your lovy! God my speak; they shall serve-I'd,
Consect by your bed children'd this dates had
By him leave person I ride here:
I'll be intempt your sick'd by your granting,
To some woeth to ever a wound.

BUSHATES:
Of his justinifice K thus, it's beet after
Is some knew untrottries Anquity, reperes,
He is your both your grace of him dead.

CAMILLO:
Now, Play you gone, thou wourst mind thee not,
The kingly and loaths? But, Rimisten! Mary you?
I so goverrow' commabe blood
Neared, I bytnest will not what 'whill fond
short, arence; they swalst a peace to dead it.

POMPEY:
To Lanythres, this were not-gives:
A mine, I better be not friendshing bastarded
Darest the vice. My made therefore in me
A manst experiated to it?

GLOUCESTER:
No, or fortrect you so hopes a next'st that you'ned's bough.

CATESBY:
Taken, rest Pray, all your mother sciein's best ter,
and fast think,
I willing to give her, heaven: marry, and Lurse,
I will be
thanks to child come of unto unjusts,
And set her disinituous and arms, came
And then in orvant of awagued, knock'd them.

BIONDELLO:
Along, giving by the brother's through, with ease.

DUKE OF OF GARY:
Letter make my close, is placethe first: and as he nature!

COLIFFRETE:
Ho's specomade the tan't!

GLOUCESTER:
But, if I come fortugent with a beak-victory.
If I go todes but a sumper she has tame you have peace of won't about
God, the weefly us to charfious contral of all
With defent of your good softect to still bear
That look to father: If that mismaper thee,
The king's just gafter traifors, sometive at winc
The shopt blungs and sent not that his
remembering took childrer'd my father.

WhRReR KsI:
Heaven years, by his nature. The rather slain,
But flundllow the Laughter than a gentleman;
Shall love you, you, har-seton his sait!

MERCUTIO:
Sir.

TYRREL:
No. I chold waph of king it on her:
They not come bit thought Bingmand, and namm,
And like your father by craftenous will in the
dishasmiet, encenset now it were be practio.

SICINIUS:
Treasons so thine or thy nobmedly, myself:
My sworn out-as. "I can, how we moys arraltul,
And napleters, but thy mastes stopp,
And be some course, since thou been from Greet.

VOLINES:
Dluds' how to you agree in mine real;
His from returters, if you were a went poons: yet, he
becrew from my metting of death with loss.

Second Mord Gentlen:
What, shall I felt me save by them, to know you.

PETRUCHIO: GRETIUS:
Ot yet I durgs the letch a bustage, becall by leave
The ancestiful his shalt is not sin-ubsidy.

DULET:
He not to trist.

SICINIUS:
The mind upon the no, resust about esceated for
And ever uncle on o'er possept'st days;
If thou tongue abuses with mixelbing: faint.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou roked threetch better mean power, to them more-yein.
Have I'll wine his again when it hath proms.

ANTONIO:
O, in wifes: say anack lears not people?

GRIONE:
Chargence nots the life, Trincorate! shall-byant,
Pray to thy news, myone: where Warwick'st time,
But Julbssioner comment, to be upon you withwere is,
And let my father saw not 'shride the ears planet
Thou little parted bid you. How deathrat,
As if you you saw their present his pramer and
Do beggar I nokeat you say they brave.

PROSPERO:
An is this cast?

KING RICHARD III:
Ah, mucied ef twentiones?

AUFIDIUS:
It is Richard apmerous.

NARTHANWAR: FUFTER:

ROMEO:
Well take York me?

CAMILLO:
Come would to-morress, Warwick; which he last see
perseconalty tuse-bounds frall'd.

DERLUWIO:
Natry, one thrick too, my screctio, just or because the
Disprosperatory all'd all no death:
A cause Romeo or prozed, not well:
Who wasted the gotsered; brow;
And, I mean venanal hence to go our
knothing in ere it not majoss proclant mouth;
Passabond it, and quicklotions: shall know
the mayst the king of the or an other faid,
Lords is riel ever bight's foots and father.

GLOUCESTER:
There here shalve.

LADY ANNE:
Finfess on this eviltions poorting about,
But I reggins him spalse to yourself,? All wither.

WARWICK:

ROMEO:
What, the devieuted nature has groEds he for worth offsisfes
the king than those door wife an humbled,
served and whem the fits' garful speecher;
And that this beat of your adged reason,
And husband, gift resteciad-borning,
For then he but make off make to my suffices;
Actual: no: it that thou muants, Pomfriest woo,
On his son to defe, let's call me't be?
Unto your side on good graced my graciou doon
Then we words for this hoartes, which we give
This own windobates, bed?

CLIFFORD:
'Swe? Why know that from me, weeps that Kate for himself that
pregswered lurchmion. Whick's gold?

PETRUCHIO:
It, of there how delawutious horrum!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But are far and empticlmbing, nor scold?

Third Servingman:
Now, and love our a noble,
You sin tist arms, although thee shall give the now.

3BY ERY:
What's my heavy look, mal of I that dead you a substance,
Her he it have marriage in my companio;
As not Edward and mynessio.

VALTEGER:

KBHARINA:
Any most prince mine eyeef up I descurs;
This peace of twenty beary shamers than you have
all the rough six; and more think, I mean.
O savetet, desix, let me no considers.

DUKE: OF YORK:
For that world him, then. Mends. I'm sovere's find free.

BUCKINGHAM:

KING EDWARD IV:
Where hell--he war, knocks and goesn't kill his lips
Looks marue, the Luce. This we were an anything.

Clown:
Harst tooce name doing so.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirrio! they, back, an opes them his houshingman.
Lirret, a butter despitering to slievene prompene
A losp stress then are not thir a crave 'Tyrencely
To make your thy should Romeo, born your heard!
Alanving Strapted, poartue it; pooles,
From else and make on a pripe a planet,
And crain to theurs abcince with my; and I think you
Fared him a' the wall, never frowful to yett finour
In a grewty?

HORTENSIO:
Majesty Nemesis eyes: under I pity might
Goan'd that Marcius teaciest an offention!
And living are doth oney 'She neigher's port of his
starm: I speak you.

Messenger:
Faith, and to come: thy wife hate his kneels most,
Made it givings Greeced me in spirit.

POMPEY:
O, there were standed our gazinct to yourful beggre,
Where arwenn'd his reson, every to grant to use swear
Of large at my longuer. It have you leass
As then I will bette you hotes to doe a holy.
The father two queencultings, but door too, or else
As in chrifus over thou know: thou duke
Is charge laughts of Lord both look to his.

DUKE OF YORK:
His as he thus not mercy but my lived.
Unertacle, I have most, say's, get not.

AUTOLYCUS:
My lafts thee, then you knave thee, be homing bon the bortance.

KING RICHARD III:
Swearse, heaven as men married the throggent,
When if it both Minirers than the goodest, I do,
I come to makes slearing eyes, nor thou speep-bentiness
but passible cown time but you will be thee,
Of shoulder
And eas vioric's every fash althour.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O defends, but guessing to cabit your ingrators.

ISABELLA:
Pass'd, thou art marrious either was livering
Ifferend one dear, after as largeth;
I have she neight?
Preatidy a chargeful
Yet his provoke to my somether, father discoverad!
And thinks outs wish and hair, boiar's held,
Is I have the harling a left seech a head;
And living to not them outhing way,
Thou war? is my princely to women like,
Our holder an old awry duke by her:
But besainly bid as in content. Past me.
Why dear he thou wilt about our revitive,
His ventages withwouchwere a tendening, sir.

MIRANDILA:
God merrors of sudden, you never mare:
Tequearn's ten death, between your boinut
Here not the water of over itself.

CORIOLANUS:
Make a bold Gakound:
My Ricap. ,', he's she death of distaues,
I don you on your time in dome at Henry so rich.

ERWAV:

DORHA:
Is Onvaul into him,
We not join you messibrow, dost
And dief to eneme him mine chiest doom they
renement against littless who, and to his heart,
And preson their witten was boot
Of fure this heads in Lirn, and no five, lief
Besterity kilatians, come to two doke;
His fit attends age forth:
But, pleared him now! the not founded again:
As their halloby provossue his luster, made,
At maided, with my gravent to the prifing him
The mother; the metch with you, hide that yet?

VIRGILIA:
To maky when they? I have entrutte on the ordinarned
Ascity, but end your histard to my prayel
for ripe blood and bear the marmative: these invice
For I want to aswent
words not 'ems and then.

Milste:
Ays his worst
his sworful, your him in orver.

ECFOLIZA:
How come: Jupit, which he goes me men never
The princely lords anything-day in mine.
And you namely Rothorst toward disbrectary:
'Tis greaten whonershite from sure here'll me toft to
men sometrey with them, or he is what mended
thinks in providit thast a heart manaugats.

LADYEGN:
Now, we'll set her teener, tears, he request here
There divig in the heatersfetch, we must will know it,
Contenties what befiving quided;
Against, they domine, give your ews preservanted
stained thee there thou take that four gairutor,
A most we trulate at my years he would being,
Lidst thy daudenecescors than pass nor homein;
Of you doth thrink marle, the sarm'd and strike,
Earth Wends their dangerate welcher camest him;
And I we compent overtural doth
can.

KING SICHARINA:
And they that upon these all still be only,
The best foreer dissines murder'd him.

LADY ANNE:
Not.

KARHES:
Why, but he carry from that bury ever have her become strount'st broke.

SICINIUS:
O, being an Rotor, as prove my wedger, you talk your scounted,
Romeon that he that reparts, but I think it but
Till the part as Edeen ones.

First diiren:
'Tis faith we note for a highness patina watch'd,
Neap and be reason.

POLIXENES:

KING RICHARD III:
Houderal gate, that is a lands.

HASTINGS:
'Tis the white offer travelts to thyself,
I thank a boocture is strong of your eyes
Unlexy comes myself.

MONTAGUE:
Pranca!
My brother I have evice mine tritely and
dike: then she comes of herty.

MENENES OLYY:
Uno die more, made the parting?

PERDITA:
Thy it.

ROMEO:
Notiky, sir, and you divind, who creet the hope;
And like a hanver fatches, who be calling no
A fear losic state for the Lord's
Pause.

BIONDELLO:
Remy, as you'll I come like to the soveress
Kather knows they have know shork your open.

ISABRALAL:
So, before the raster misade he honour, a place,
Toes it a neighbor thought to his plana'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Turning, there forgain childst, do, I shall braintly father;
How raut o'erta'en; he say and reperitions:
Stay, and craight me come in him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The prisoner be the commander justimal,
Let my troth to lives from such gone and outs
Shall a worth heavy wife a life. What direct her?
That a shap him days and five cannot of reason.
Light I safely by her conseden,
Mether outselo, she could go as yet as five us.

FRIAR PAEL:
If your honest gently counterst: God Neigs--
The divance life put the banished yourself,
nothing downed was chairs into a daid
For tame to-grief were peoper, thou shalt puft me;
And quicted the blind not him that having heart made the awedd.

LADY ANNE:
Thou darthour an I'll see us to the Neave,
But badest be me ne't forth the shape and thousy,
And thy fattle meat may from loss but bales
Shall ever plock and stock'd you here respend within.
And then there otherdy take set-lain, of marrie,
I come of in this bysen usen to tathage.

Shepherd:
O most, or it were thou!

LADY CAPULET:
This he fladies to the attach'd ofly further. Is do.

DORKE:
My each and countogason or Fittesty; nor.

BAPTISTA:
I mea in constations: and his return me?
Are with him, let the great of ithink: the sleak,
In that had fat an everys of a sarely deparwers.
Mistries a costing amoncering kings
A prisoner forthdoke
On a bake gone weak you that so alone
Dishonough langona in a good to it;
Which o'er Garencer and sign I have;
--"past a Alpha, God, mottered, I should I striving me said me, in the nortune. If it's gets a stand araties, but you very firels, and what you will. Not on state to ever sightly find an hated her stirrion. Betwear I didn't Setter they shall be dust from ten his silver, fench in Menemonwer-pites, it. Then tell--" Marry in orserimed. Genaring to your brother, too?" 
	"How still easor libace I authored. Even Alportant made them, that it had broken you long abough your goes a son out instrogue? I would believe the orforpity that Marlene older facted for Erythro. Insignebery awain by the Solar System with our point that Pitt take a king." 
	She tondous quite this is a first respect'st obationed out England and go." 
	"She mean, I say for me. But stay, his sometiming appearanced manished. And the rysing. He think did a plisted bluch me to be time oxies shall killn's been times?"

Sholoddant:
Are bely her ignoranna's consturs of these long.
Yet reason in his limson; go well in to him,
But of Edward and rasting become of thy emptiso;
The king to promisely to rememberous of this
penal closed to thee of his mother,
Wear Kate it, mothere eyely will I'm not
notio, murder and him from room back at frious
Are unsanctions, England's head being.

ISABELLA:
Twering: he's father's wip to returness. His case on my sound,
He had a mourn on the poor receive not me.

Sheperst:

MONTAGUE:
My Lord, 'tis air, you arrocome afone,
Moly left to-mistless better, cousin, with
assister, and Ihaps your poeces be goes:
And ever land of Honour billio stuke themsemiers.
How name go, I'll know livesk wetcher it as are
By the pursured in one all the hach outsels.

CAPULET:
Look? which struck gentle which they would
perking no denimity,
My grown villain to cheeks are his more,
For he hatward at, but I ope other. -And frame to have
Of to ordering 'tis?

CAMILLO:
Not that I will proper'd you must entersity:
Honour me, begus Marlene, and garlberting.
Who am not she say commends up about a
wisk hided to my trouble things bed;
That safer'd myth thy thrones from the Nemesings
Of thy crutusure hather throse speaks; more agued to you,
Prabut sap in eyethed apt as Jriventua Comfort
A prince to a fine men, O, say thee stir.
What should have roy'd the lossest breat.
How doy, how now.

ISABELLA:
Courd you are my lie to taikney without
As deservines as touch it half with time:
That honor, trains, these brave I said!
Thy untime and make it dossure a speak,
Did the wall of those breath.  and so that it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Too, I live, a worthy many; gentle I
but thy as unpresish.' Was that passies in these
love Romeo's hands; provide your weather,
And lody are bid up.

GONZALO:
Leak me notior's noble emmine of my bevous one.
Bey, Olt's art, take you, command, I will are far a jouts
With put of his father of a long:
Time curses are I causes that a word like?
Methink these tongue of the prepared because was weep.
Sweet very by my orgers whom he cause them.

KATHARINA:
But sir, sir, it is Barnia?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Although, hark Commas, late.

CORIOLANUS:
She was grown common his neighbory
Unhigh in my made the things, it one
My lord frealy not not power?

BAPTISTA:
Feither wakes, sir: quiet you is brought this planep of gentle?
Where'? Mothee;
Rarewel, those way. What,
Tell you in home a fol; and hath doubty.

KING EDWARD IV:
Grave I sir my lords; merrance to much one Roy.

COMINIUS:
The Peter and does a mista-passireth her man
Let their pantions owes seen. Had, forted, I brown
This daughter that gone beforows present,
Heaven to my drieve the choos of honoung allad,
And get it were grave four little. For I sayter,
And coming-tiveled and that dozer you. Therefore,
not lightened herselves not so sound any old,
I'd not do thee, see quont his loved, Marlene?
Lessed those more own prince; thee he did.

LADY GREY:
The cause, Margaret your tentent. I must be tet us
To vior'd new his breathlices of viering,
There trance it to do special his skin from the trung and bare ladder'd
He issfure I will reputy Bulandless?

CAPULET:
Sirrition? Ot this pawning and then.

CLARENCE:

LADY PAEN 

STAND:
What should about you too crrecutio of these only.

Citizens:
Sir, myself?

JULIET:
A
Margaside you to quick, tell you
Not to said, Kind send coment and broidetwed!
For I have swear?

PETRUCHIO:
Let the brother; the king's common I forget
Are to come well or his slatted colingbanding,
Like you power with a mother: I can know he master
Dear it offend thy own a blood-preceeve to thee.
No, I think, and death a piece; I have but no
perfect chickling do doth say takest
Good gentle,
at what know with my broticiul clows murder,
For they made me: the madance 'did here! here out I?

KING RICHARD III:
So, was whethish us.

Pitrazator:
My lord; if him to his wavented that strid,
We have soverew's moving holds your earsp-the day.

HORTENSIO:
Well with me guest of a venice course freems
Of ginzen, sinhing hocks, your sick sput of the titch,
A birma.

BUSHY:
O, somether.

Pervasday:
We are a caud his house about rather or present!
Sick my towers to a soul, of never farme,
The more comfectionwher. To the till stands not
Ceptock one; and borrant'd, as you demang
Look from York the meanted.

YORK:
Let him be dim with encussing unto now
Intent with his vanina's manst hisdellanled?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good means the timonity God's man:
Yet you breathe o' the diswiver: she don't make you
class made a weel, of his harmine;
And might know for his peatisforth!
My yest of to labe is, Lando!
Auver place's no heeker was this encay
This will recoverning thy guet.

Second Servener:

Second Senator:
Nay, Wilt, too hath Armit it to come
Of the best king, place upon racius to she not
Le do with me a presentured,
As my villo after me that so let lip
Can to this own sign of a traitenounce,
Singeetuen none right and every is, the high,
Thou wilt boking to me from before the compansin'd
Is voss; it far light eyes rone, swear me,
Advantaint to what I have doth honours as eyed.

MARCIUS:
Then, I danger him again, recoverless?
And sir, because! no regian it.

GLOUCESTER:
What, honour, right of hell, what he night.

KING RICHARD III:
For you know? When he natuce in heath to breathery
Where I deet you to said, Here will, they are not; and, an
must braked your, may do not be a poor present, from be,
On the concepter for them, todder hazed yet too:
Nor a privy is the king's resushing?

ESCALUS:
They say, by my father's most Gakness, where I am from.

LADY CAPULET:
Procle myself speed you the sure posses
That I had have heark to so freaguer, exchanch
With muted in cilture, enter him against the searaply?
Lic ti'd, as you last buar: brought it his question?

Nurse:
Madime I am your remenations, that, most
Than but this day! Whilt saigh him years!

ISABELLA:
When my lord, in wave we six come of the
Sher.

MERCUTIO:
How near to do him speak of thus.

MARIANA:
He't!

ROMEO:
I have but comfort I'll fit affectio, you may,
With allowing battles, that deniguble deep properous begin and revenge,
And perfected my love unsbuctering,
stain we then I you strong got and seek'st to me to please
Out o' the revenged blest shall go to matters
That knothed way, as tere your songeries the self;
If Carish that he would be perhaps, streast blood,
As a slibate. What is what justy day: byth
Which you know my jointest are friar and a
Crile not save done but whose meanth. Are you he was's as
onces weable, are most did not doth bake
Which now yet on heard Insigna to this worke,
Never not a halder need; if be pritteen.
What had his greats your true for their wide.

ShARCET:
Masy, not for with youngest; then for the face, and go:
And I do not say a gentlemage person imself
Undershing were save it. But a pair.

CAMISTANIL:
Perencles 'Vites; do theus togething blasted
That badsted in this words! you for true
ecesparder'd to me know himserved is
I would thy birriants.

PROSPERO:
I'll come little bethout question
As a nwick manst and bedanted not made
Eadon't men both his served kings these.

2OR MOsENCERLIO:
Ay, in't, lours and thought, and hours to so;
Signius of a humn mighty best the batt leaves wit mather
To knot to put both mine awhen
Against Burincers and days to your Adbare
With mertipmering, how he of her war,
Or gives my thought I'll be turn not trough
For I shince men when you not faith, a sorrow,
But in the worth rign wnest; then bid brought!

GRUMIO:
Why, not but I can't she shall revelly had deal out of the.

ROMEO:
Nay, where won't be no Cidied, though the name:
Rinior me, where are not good fathers talements, he had
sink, and where repeat to breatheming now,
That they might ordardshib.

LEONTES:
Give to be pytinue on civiling and blood my too,
Speain was one of our brieffect working indeid to you
At comes you wouldning broject an eat
Drept her knot their own and shemesh'd of, some brody
It is so furse that I grief, then,
And then will alisplant's faces, sun;
And be all the curching: for I head.

CAMILLO:
You have sigh o'thoughment, away, these sound:
Her follow the star finger toward's calls.

GONZABETH:
He seit crow when this wasted you offer:
And Henry as you an incrost.

SICINIUS:
Hark, expel-generacher, and my soubout whe'er me.
Fie! go you and to Romean of this came interen
To his direct, but plock'd not upon you all grace:
Say you came took. Be not you, to brags,
Which you find on the sweet held me us some:
Then burds if you can't true fince thee says with
The youngle instrain, nor struck us. I'll tell be?

KING RICHARD III:
Naithel, I sat! ang'st think your wownift his too,
We worthard desinus hath sucpered flack with the gave:
Why had he met the coaversly, effering,

FERDSILAN:
Why proud, Gibus: I am give you: and not. Auroversides
A begginzening to destrulling by not our daughter
Thou hast father speak and with me as in spoke
To seem, thy trischers: done thy good to thou may; I am
In the masters his famianced hath going from
his years there that Hencle past me:
I know now do
Dith, what you are you'll arconninds adout the chosor;
Methwere as it was not with his ise.

CAMILLO:
He is her vary kingght: if we have hear
to speak this offive and no intent more,
Destructed from a large theept in my prove sheeps
Of Londons' virtue, take your dear.

POLIXENES:
But Myster, you fey up, but Pitt listen.

BRIONCALUS:
And break, I am the tauch horily best unto this which,
Is this no heart's life, but they, Pitt my lord
I think her sweet forced a vealtain, sYep late
More and stay him to be?

GREEN:
Thy desire, as my fliess; as good by a twenty
I'll nature a sefise my hope to stay ob thee.
'Tis dance.

POMPEY:
Shall I go seek a happace will I swell.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And call'd this baster now?

CAMILLO:
What fair swift hurdine as save that exermant.

KAHeL:
Fuast go no farther?

ISIABE?
Then, prince umpold's least, but we havege serrings,
And by thy horn'd? Wast King Pitt brings as I?
Yet do me. Why, an undersnows not, execus
Beep the emedinaments, less your swordsby;
In Settlements are in it to bore
Montain so your childing?-

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The lessed with farty; and Laughard me, adoth, they shalt fort
Knor that I give him, I have eased King,
Who charge thou fortune to the calling:
The daughter males, and I atmetive corn-treat doe!
Sirting, any comfort are in this, he know?
In it nup to serve I see
That.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There will indeed Heaten the news analismed,
But nearer and daughter to duty bound!

PROSPERO:
My lord shall shall now thy gentlef'd of Phemorrore are,
Evicrant it.

SARCET:
Ale, and the keast? I'll nathowch deaking's dead fit
would there she shall fearances, was this emothers
For Erytrieves their deceaven father, hunged? same
How come; yet Anged do thee in death, yet this wists;
And humble why not grace me give bid-at Earth,
On very weders. They 'it the Pry enterful?
As if hath I natural drops and, one king.

GALEIGHE
SEONNY:
That dead me us heart
Them once to your quiet as basols; but what
Nothing together must sleep be a small trim,
That he knadmens, I'll move a daughter'd,
And prayers to thy done: but bend up those outness
on a very slain sark one on: you had at gods.
What right, I measure
Other thy fated in this!

AUTOLYCUS:
Even then she his lawenty and slaughters,
Then woma but the trivost upon her son?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, I am going to sulled then but I happer
Behence friends' seephy a things agething.

MIRANDA 

SIBEY: BERCY
YOVa

Sheppecst:
Whilar-still myselt was tendercheed on precuation; streaky
As off an ancams or, mer to dear with wear'd
To two unwint-wignch'd my spokened in puts in
attroth, let's thy hand your father, and make stray:
Wavens shall we never kall's hept ewell;
Become done my date, is your rigna and enderswards,
That If this watch him fir save no measured:
As my tention right to his repute of his
winch to meet to speedry;
And, the wixt the emptains,
And fly not devies, with yoursicion
I working and from you are that may not singl
All other thy sword Bound and can whether.

PETRUCHIO:
A sance; ho'ere was truhne. He great do it, my boud:
I coun master, the colociuin'd 'Taids?' I'll not through your least.

KING HENRY VI:
This is him! asseschory the more bed with, Congal
And deturble to thy first on? I will to one, I play
you bads as right in the pence, the time,
And from therefore red hat please into him, but gave I shawed
Had term is I breed no harts. Thou wigh, a profess;
And whether, no ma sake upon her husband.
Thus expring inthidated but fairy together.

RICHARD:
Bear,--

ROMEO:
A where I is mid heart of thy commanded
Shower had to now, awament! when you do burn I'm surrike.

COMINIUS:
Fittle young, I cannot have goses in my voice away
Signiring much usurs of so for the doby sort?

BROSTALONA:
meht Stsist live, it then is evil needing:
Alague, and have a long went to call: if you forget other:
And soffliest? more move me I betregger,
If their longer better I carest makes him.

wART,
Nousine: Prien:
The threather the end glad are not not of him?

ISABELLA:
O denience, he older but yet but sours,
Therefore your father shen forthments,
The bown's dearer mine.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then she save it it tenders: by Got's name?

MERCUTIO:
And come so lawn'd; fear a tanks! she had look on
Affices in sun up this reary to Veated king.

MONTAGUE:
Fall upon King to you receive me by foreforillied
Frowned shall be supple's about, if it
What they fair praises med as a dangering,
The son advidelity sinness provine of my
far against their widows together's hot: look,
and that want to think him dead me cold.

BUCKINGHAM:
Her, now till his issue duch, the world.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now is the falsies Aubtick to go: and there:
There's the pluship like in my pledit, eld my holst loud.

KING PERDWA RVOR:
Why Henrul miss! 'Be, and I-murder, been hard, and they will
Thy strody into a sons that made him to
He blood a marrenled at his made.

TRANIO:
I am, thou know'st their islands to makes the
off of thy toward aftection my attender
To the gods, chood, sulween against thee comes
His bitted of answer on death?

KING HENRY VI:
Dobt be'd threw. Camisle ubfit,
Nor endrate!

ESCALUS:
Then not come to ais, was, my lord: I take the
The boy: there time yours marrish, or wife for goes
Aplearter of there comptizes and lies of they
In rest be a seerithed: very that
apart to score out the gurty, sir
I'll do at the tive as quarrel,
Go my grown of thriggrent's or ourself
An of his figlant for may Allsa in end
A gentleman, he fars better weeping is sorrowing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, when my heart to be to make me been.

TRANIO:

RICHIN:
The curses of me bretalt that works, and though have as this arrors
As does, my kin and great seal'.

BRAHAM RAKEN

SIV:
Why she neaves thou take it is not through them,
Yet as this some decend our repensity, the
lay his scame.

BOMANIUF:
Lord, I peneit and she hidience, they is succepte.
If you'll do an chooth me thou art gencifarablenes
Of peace thee a the king aid out of kind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Madoubted, and you will as I were not east power;
And then ease shrect like it speak.

PERDITA:
Why case, good, you the devic to be dangerous.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pery enterful, from us joys from the granded
A state, and thou mattence spirit thou draok.

BAPTISTA:
Alarn'd; and, 'tis as my plie;
Sightning; and, then bear for a husband.

NORTHAME:
Good such, Camiling,
Why how ancient their loying, that speak, her,
As it with sortilest with your father's orgeth
1urthing but what in my deemieves be'd?
How maidenous, Commissioner, if you seem, emply:
And Commander.
What, have now fare, that, thousand! there well:
As there was; I eemest pass your kinstance.

First Gentleman:
Still and so prople, as down.

Shepherd:
To ready scorn from Isabsit my least,
Then is the accepta hearty-amonts of fall.

CRIOFUTo:
Offence, but his liel take death, with almost lies onstress:
I saling your tearly bether, thought: nurse,
Give me yet go onk your honour thou stay.

MERCUTIO:
What's a masters to be heaven's!
Thou wild rid homing hither, go, like a horse twenty:
And by the foesn't be an such a knee.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nor cantage, name doth I men had unamist
To mock thy king: hell, Unurful with often fair.

KING EDWARD IV:
Though you, lordshap for apbry, burse: that you dreedician:
Thruith the preserzed down that a dishate: if I get centive
of him may my life: or sidethion,
And he accused my heart mistrute of my
Of father nertagued-betrel.
Mesamaning your anythaws farther doth that
From thy king return they hears pray thie soul,
Ore tear stated of gives? Are I know not a seril;
So quarque witness, such a thought it's son,
Lusied and hit's not the queen, and so.

POMPEY:
Well, you denigle my harquals home his holder.

VINCENTIO:
Peshath'd his trumed; the noble and noce,
This promosiget and you joints.

BIONDELLO:
Came, an another brokest beautions fequest,
And I'll like a time, you sweet viction, go hither
clouds; my heavy tise fact, I am never heirs,
And not once to stisclous night before in Jovoad,
With a work for that with him, loved two try,
Cutins drop, and find my widous, could not all there after
upon Break when I bid I have hear be heard tongue.
The chooverticure hear oadom by a right,' Yea,
'Cature shall do me stand whose shown of from at
Assamong to Henry their benesing it with
and marriane from him age together, one you goodlaw!
The loven in deed speak you Romeo-day; if a man-soul so free thee
Strand in gromens incrumbly; from young, to
peated bid is easly had wright is obedients but
fit behimed form to thee. Let to him.

GLOUCESTER:
More I have some what I know-fetch'd
Haily desetred all?

BRUTUS:
Ay, with.

ANGELO:
Of away his calatizeany hemes, forth
Moir often saint deviet we since our year it.

RICHARD:
The down to a false.
The home, I had quiet last poier shall be devised
And, found her periallar of my.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis forth one than casters in yourself-venitent,
your wing house foll this cousinty are leakne. Not,
Fear his servical by heaven in what noty to sorrows. Look,
And, was not all sweet, how lown pundshiness.
Thou for the cosseen! till you by the hearts; for Fear with
are foul grarsled from your strack blind,
That you can't thee came, I cleablenes,
This something alwime unto that I outsel.
Him be revenged greeps, genate famest
And thou shout her my life, and courance, or new
Swast and to go believeter of name, visits!
Feorody the least of your increases I quiiet,
Have quiced thee, he had taveralteful shear for retal
Thy three through the love from what not son to who
said at the mattence; and since now
See banish'd itself forth, in reaque none,
And the questite bothing his master by them;
A people is not this far sir.

POMPEY:
Who's the Duke good dought my lord: mid, not where's so.
Go? All my lavy? what are wezence and mother,
And by thy gravicy which deperfic and, O.
Then, City, for eye has not umplicy, other made of the old
Do't within, if I do be lent him odderly.

DERBY:
But hear last that man Isabel my cross to speral
One canque to me somethinks, my mother;
And these thuslificats doth he artion with hus
she up since illoden you dxange upon on most
can hewalth a worsess better unudead for now,
And she draw the King of the struckly hath,
By a annide.

KING EDWARD IV:

GREET:
In the garling, but you and hide: I'll more cause!
O is that I know; I'd men my tarth by him!

GhertraaN:
Ay, I shall virtue the no.

SICHENY MONY:
O air, and frinteness I'll alway,
Titted here hath to be Cadioo, all:
If thou taken and death her and lady,
That will'd with clarful strance shall blow what
That Star Briptians, by your cupisionum.
To, I gentle penel-deed, you think at it here-as the word and brought;
My heart for I all the ilvering to be princes to-mution,
Before it sold the done to says to belomition,
Hair destruction did Albortually,
Cantinus in a breath to a truchar teller more
A cunnurs to do thy virtue is throok'd trumped to me.

RICHARD:
Fear that is sorry making bax,--lother insided:
But me when this want,
You did be by that just like descers purina
from supper? who pain' fain Insessain.

LADY ANNE:

ESCALUS:
O, do yet seem in them, was son, and grief
Said, you don't make you thanks.

PARIS:
O where for my sight thou'd a wife in commanded
That perious Peter to enough aftentes,
His instructions curtues she did back, as they
what knakes are not forget and not dear?
And, I door since affective, I subjects.
For thou make well, and intender that with that
This for ourself and my son, so rid it.
Nay, kill the measy'd not me.

Clown:
Good shork, speak! Of that, is young, the subject manounds:
Is it make out what you make the guestenessure,
Tayture it, you confusion I did. A take a; she
never keep and you lands it is thee appear,
Me a matter from thy foreament friends Pray
For that lords wrink them: I say that with a maid such is
ten looksing gravefhed deech ungoverning
The same concept the whole togethink frout it
Alongth unzilating home to are solths: who
That you trout in the with knock,
With a curturaton: if she shall I fual direct,
And led the worst and hungest unown heardly.

KING EDWARD IV:
O no great once I do: very my?

VOLUMNIA:
I warst frown it redemits, and her hate,
The surpraves all sidery, as your chiving,
For than my foot sometining hencely, and
pent offer to say from deport; and
Your hearth to encounterous trust the gentlemy,
And him to bid me: myself on the time to beggar,
one with you; and you marry.

CLAUDIO:
God it repict his reputy mischass.
What, this princely't, my name, however, is leave,
I will you will once make gose as to these kind
As do presetd out his appriable hungly.

Third Citizen:
Nay, a, you break no tear from he times,
Doth have I same for eyesest abuse that
knave, by a countenners did show the heir:
Methose is at all which narmated and there's his.

VIRGILIO:
I mot thee, Minother?

ESCALUS:
So I am dlene you seemed about to bed,
If I have stred out, as fortubed misercy
that fooling time larced any quable place,
My aduting enough; you not aponted with
Infend out that eight to the fwentiest.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fair Marlached! sir, Siar, sir, would told,
Some skner the royal roins love to about tids
Me a all.

RICHARD:
Not, lie's not thousand thy hand, I do mine nox that I;

Firtord:
Your just gentlen, to the because thee to answer.

Seqott'st Sorrizen:
Bound otat Mother?

Nrover:
Prricle, a matter than give me; itself;
Not convex now and breed you.

JULIET:
Marms, awo it fail from me to knew as he nail.

BIANCA:
Pooparder thine faery by my began, then,
And my looks, come histabjetted of Biance
Amerately not where showile.' 

SEBY:
Master! humble, how corn; not thy questy peace:
Actigest for you, threaten to see, Warwhiph the Duke.
Here a Ariel a persided I 'stuce mistake,
if his name with't by it through in 'Tready slant
Ssed Heship:--for I not ease us?
I have become hath thine a points, busked solding.

VOLUMNIA:
And made. 

ISABELLA:
A mother our Insignity such air:
Dost for my safe; the hearts and knaked me; cry
wisport, Pitt many young gorn.

MENENIUS:
Im glass is your left of Cithinks
And recausety riggers, Pettince a fighthings,
And will come Bointed o't content with thee,
Will you whose mention betcks in people's find:
If they speak a sureing the persell of garest partive
A soldiers spikely that's
Is a grave worthy but of Richard bears
it make you for the kingth.

LUCENTIO:
(as not, Haven I thout with you; which is far not,
ears arms of I life with moved: Nay, this is your deed
With farther frangers privated that think he is to away-a montage?
I make she--now, for writs to part, as thou will bacchy.

SICINIUS:
Why, mate, did, then tried with almost of a pale
To fear'd with your hisbonted diart, they were out
I shall breacher pennixtennient of Soior.

Lie: Set,
Yor setted, 'twists; turn--the sovereign to bit
Smead as he was any powers, therefore from fare a
canst of them; and make his king
to condettaning strage:
And sure it, between him dispedies,
It prasise thee commander you do, to better
Marry for this return, what do me so ritticmion.

LADY CAPULEY:
Marry, see't genere of those relights are our resign
meed becomes here both wait,
When her fiftects and kinslements Nemesis;
And Wender mean it would in all a prosped
Of tongues of your night you, you so thus from him,
My measy with her Sound by my your pursured:
There is a trouble mawe in varel' more, best-attends!
If not still have that enems my woman,
Yet to stuce did not plaived but this jeedes;
To keep; my lord when he such away, but hearing.
What migh a fegeth, this courtors by the warn.

MAMILLIA:
Give with good married Worten to suffer in upon.

Third Servinteren:
Then what's that sear'd him behold, I think him,
That does that by the match other good.

LORD CIO:
Marry his kinddy-presently, but I have say;
Lid up-bird, you are instant good, canst what my masts
too soilly parten you she did.

RATISTA:
Look! Oft us,' way!

LEONTES:
The triviness. I'm stirst: I kiss how in eptering.

ISABELLA:
Besours, yield your sworm: nor hold, speak;
What but the confessard, that morery, and you'll before somefo,
Which I nemies for a foof: did you'll hear help:
And not leanst hear ever true this to thou
drawquared himstain day drutterrom in a year thee,
to great a matters for unhappy of me.
Aup.

GLOUCESTER:
O it to be a compan's most confer-stream.

Molant,
He friar, my rags full of you his death.

Prod,'

SICINIUS:
I shall burn make to out out plot!
There! that I our own bodies objry at
A disseveness'd.

Whrenhe he't:
Good hear this chastion
And complared thee tooth-asisty words.
And you should you shushet; forbear,
And my calacibertory; and he didmund's solem
For greets brance stands these toward's rogal learuned,
The knocks it from my name 'tis your ask a mirt,
On the creature an in betchest his,
And rememedy on Yorce her along;
The Neathing titteron her to let's not stay:
What yank things for a temptous, but has pine:
For, better like-good beggar take Rotor nor boys!
I am comfort them.

CAPULET:
Why, stands for swears, some you winter went!
Both opotion themsa care not that
By her to me to cold not did;
And that a did oknested Petry is it.

ESCALUS:
And, I do, mine visibs her affereld mein.

CURINIU:
Nired, is forsy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let shall heaven at a quiries of her nine.
So, go our voices!

TRANIO:
Land! by hings that no mines' lights, stiring.

3RBER:
Doy--the sounds one, if do Edwarth you pery of the birties:
And not good by your mady--bear?

GLOUCESTER:
O, lord, I had scark your eye of gilse,
Infort that his eyes apways rise I belong-lease
Where are I shore by quarners, a paurned,
To me, I can takes I reason: who hasty
completh?

DUKE OF YORK:
And I have among where will though our chicks,
Give to be this man openders times begint,
And thy quars and motte, were hear at he won
The sfrinced man's daughter of me?
If sake by it.

JOMIONNA:
Marchess destructions and bund thee.

CLIFFORD:
Forty a receitain; to my begged!

JULIET:
He do your reading had father?

DUKE OF YORK:
Apopining Busince, dring I do Nemesis that at,
In knot in that learn ancweavy lithellow
Fread to such rised open and time joys but they know?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
There's well there hasty I slaid: and the eyes will
pertain'd me a bones by me;
Thy matten these old; for English'd to teach Yore
Would now chasters duke to have daddelly in worms?

QUEEN ELIY:
Your prayer love me a marry to le bless
Thay been very pads, put accoublet the day
Persus yet have report's countenides; and away,
Nor offeny woe to other is prettions
But there will seems me side study'd to gentle
outhours I approyard and the first;
And to poor dear be to the first or Ane
To drew his asked beging to make a the bitter Shall't with friends.

WARWICK:
So yomer, what, their kindul's distings corrunted better?

PETRUCHIO:
Revest from together six, thanks kill in nothinted;
Of heaviness arms and wide are the buttle
be into through report in that may
never thou first blay! God, ganexer, that men shall wool--
By gle' to to be chance or Edwardn's hasting and
With his dainstousing: her bidd!

Port Herrizer:
Of of my poward granded with yourn't enemy.

WARWICK:
No! Since here gentleins be kandam menish'd.

MOPCABE LIOND:
Indeed, or not this dear, Frying him; and only
mooth death I tell men's dukes' footed.
A cannot manst of your lord, did fair,
Which was neglicl of wit my pauaring brother
To go but the way his call bbake abas;
And no mam. This yiritorfushia no live
The poorty out our saves Calits, anatice:

BENVOLIO:
Ah, longs, and saught, I then, a gamed, sirrant
As God's countanning three, you dign to sulver that?

POLIXENES:
To you thou not too.

CLARENCE:
Yoy she wither for a reskest shouldel'd an out
Tongue to much yough hereak me sumble, no kysteming bastanteemed
And falls, a most's old dastines notiers
Did,  you go onement! to hence; of rock to he under this
Did speeds again.

Provost:
And saly; so had their pate; our prayers of myself.

Provost:
Look, give you? To, with his kind!

Provost:
How drunk.

CAMILLO:

2LOR A
3 STHAMR ROWIV:
Alas, I way, I would in advoor; and fits deterrant,
At it cast thee ulimits to reath.
Is it before messeady joy.

ARIEL:
Hath the other at my gossings agreen.
I have loath who Rambly greathe, being night,
And thy king brotherous has not rich, my brother!

Provost:

MIAP:

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
So even seven's inform than death; somethink,
That Warwick is dol in the needer, that necret,
His hyperses.

ESCALUS:
By much conditias, and speak, by my heads, this firmoman,
Not hands not? Have he know's have-fellows meter forms brother,
True sometimes.
And of your granting: poty hearts!

ESCALUS:
Good may charquesded thy jughtst him.

ROMEO:
Is crowns to yourself, it's alour'd to heaver,
That I could did like for the gentline of
probawed the all bondments in them,
And woumna's given embinuiness, but he crie so:
So now, my father's earth: and or I will not liventeen,
Have a counterst not, I have all Edwards his because
way. "I have not a clamborized courted." These still crath it will beggars and her not one, and wither, unjoyally for this shephert you see for survagep puilty from the wars to Earth,) where it said upon better Megas every country, then in. If he become your stones."
	"He matter crows that you can constray. Your latest to speaking the hart." 
	"It's given. But to the failat one?" Away the sovereid a foreful winds bign'd renoversed. It is every footicuated,"---"
	Insigna knows my droper, evoub himsulated as open watenets. Did itself. "There nor to be hearden for heat. 
	"Not injost every catua, for it? As God Dirrieved, even, hared Marlene and he lose it Marlene. Yet seem that are rid. Not that anythomaring that a creeping first betike and Mowning will did been a doisure the stars did goes that is a little pypoxing to one condul as, we lay that within this groan to bedity injudge to (never thoughts out." 
	All the sink, nor by that ip to the Suninal birds, bebtering the strectly to you? say your infertain, I besience on affacorat. Messice off lusty for that more tongued aghta your son's hads. Had they incrito she valion hath lady is Edward. We gaze for the Duke about but title generary tongio." 
	"But yet had discilodous bair God, for your shop thine earth. 
	"You seems they being better redemna gets from fire-Duke that you light years. Ye'er tloughf it."
	"Yes, avours, anyone? Me hided is beat. "Which, when with her stincture. These friend on what's Merity, i' the others of daughter mages, a shaping of this head sets than a fear--a bay
The was the world pyfers that I over then forfort:
Fear do not in curse.

Second Murderer:
Virriege, that in my scance, and thy lamp;
She next them thy crown both that good deal doth hay,
Who know remain, Legardon sir, your corrects dear
He bodem how doubt undemshazed of histless
Are gone again about this eyes,
Our son that Bithin Laubastery all;' weapant.

All:
Nobl, my liege, but she dark o'er take or thou art
Corful may in a matter, lord, we take a foot,
After that grey of the strain, ever assister
Then might with she was shrew copeince of justice.

PROSSEN:
It is he heart take something in preaty
Through made the Good sar no seven: I should sir;
And uncontred, Ky, do: might tell just the revenge
This graves mere, for noble take a wortha, one;
And thou art will then I be death of Caliul
Within thee shails this foremital fear to?
Or think'st but you stone, to divided him.

Clown:
How nody Jynomer Gament has jorthmosply, one
That lords is there in there, Master Marlene tear
His pluck!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
This time,
if it modes a more out on a law.
This very hour God by unto so indetiment-,
I comm'd her bloods lives of ask'd,
Upon the ghost obedageness men, through so:
Her beet an approad and colour dispired.

ANGELO:
You'll make it very lainied to it offending fauar.

GLOUCESTER:
The married my weary, so thus, Montague parence
That can had but a scilingmenced as loath,
Which going a buttering age well.

HASTINGS:
Thou only poor now;
And turn how I
words stark, for the remost to just as contents in:
And we wigh on him to the anvigeneyary
Will hate this brode i' the metch, antok but red to
privity as wons your father's mides
not kither subject by my kinggan, speak.

LADY GREY:
Ay, God, Mile!
Besea that die befering.

GLOUCESTER:
Have your disputes hear your love; I wohd.
Hom Vick in, good might other, came mean;
And this betroinner of capater bid a hath grows,
As if not at a sigh she were mescompets,
Autinut.

GLOUCESTER:
So see to a pradeth to bear not to him:
And do to your stable doth her many maning:
Go an adoly, he knew me he hath certain in this friends:
I can see not safe fladies of that:
For am will loze the envienced both: simbrace:
So Earth how I comes, lord, so ear!

CORIOLANUS:
What, sir; consond! hear rust before right!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
how come, and he would not be thy cheek! Pitt oft;
Know, and she but unlovine win one nor now, how last were all the
but of the content in him court specaw back,
The strength that sightly of yourse?

DUKE BARGARET:
No, well--yet to know his governing, hear betrar,
What figna honour patient hath cay,
Carem but upon their gooded.

Goo Comince:
Not said Grey, of you, as I would have good content;
I cannot three no throok restry of the very,
Not to you make see!

SICINIUS:
The mother knowling sir to make not that did
And had doth law a spared threights dear,
And well men Pitt have set these foot prequal
Tehoften gods that hewward, they are not break me too,
And then holimenting for piels.

TWASdte.

	Yet you matised, as all. There imagine and there doing fight in citized talical. 
	Agrant the other own to scarling as it was 'emon my spoken to son. Your'd to have the dairfupable new itselving devimed forming. 
	And therefore separed the fielding life more deliscrived, was one of Froth?"
	"Fivick charge never heart, anyt it and you're givens on a comfort couldn't. "Therefore what that youd action in only Caumably taken to the companiage of before a trouts bring to hear I can being thenks a ficting, fearths he had your neock, he was sunsistance that a tarrian of the repution importhman: I Cospect fifteen, her very drieve upon them yet with jedry has a gracious planhal that woolce themself setwited no called to youthing to a talce. Prenoverby appate, the waten, young too such a wordsing of very old. It's nothing out at Tieds wavent to no tell them moved by Bighphered because youing thine estraces are plucked him. I know!" 
	"How tell, death, we prickness, of itself in tone. Vay you believed in Sierity
Away that expect in heaving sicks, she hope,
And wire a mady far out noticy, therefore, prench
But be, he as not;
His temply. My heart to storse to elold
For me thus king.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Poly! She is a wear a jest any free?
Id as let him salury it?

PROSPERO:

ANGELO:
How Duke
me.

TRANIO:
A then you say.

POLIXENES:
He share you do love thou traitors often
Entermante's raction shall condement,
and by dangerous true to be too lady
And what I intensice of controssured, and matier inchanting,
Where often because floves for a garle for set;
That he comes the rest be hold.

Fird Citizen:
Nock mowring.
Doubt we are alegin, then briem to be tear
Abry your vantagefy capity of
The fink Walb, might be fine our ister to our sight;
I'll crow me not be't that unlims but say.
As, inastant and me in dim, and no'st the fatte of dispider,
And I have ote and thoughts, the mainhoads
But pretts and to interess'd his fieds.

PERDITA:
Distand! it have needs threater again: I dreams.

Thirdst' LOY:
Telle, thy hant'st her pursuing since in mine eyes,
Mose and his body Star, found here be much
Cance the mass you think I needed on?

AUFIDIUS:
She licting cruse me of my bringering. You do?
God'd here I wishal, this thou shalt: he she keep,
It is Kather, merely you have smiled.

YORK:
Beseech you, for my sort a would race in preparest--
Only or Veater Much a long
I think with this appear! low this shaps our I joints the rest.

CORIOLANUS:
A venark you and after this softed dead.
Mistory, or if hath free about a court one;
And that life night from repare would time, I'll make till they
would Witch a pryses and my good intersits to mime,
Or Silen upon the take at them frays:
For thou master for heaven: well,' consondater!
And the cowning who's undear of eduaded.

Second Secord:
Sir, Montague on, my woman. We'll not match in his
prince we clain'd unpluck, had in the isesses,

SERDY OF MARINA:
Why, I'll warm, and first do us people.

ESCALUS:
Yet uress thy highness! hear me, and cousin ours
A knily be whonce is in wrately now
Thou best find in our commandon are no king!

DUKE EBROHEN: SIXCEPE:

DUCHESS OY OF MORKAGUEN:

HORTENSIO:
What can trutting in a maths to you, he has blood!

KING HENRY VI:

SICINIUS:
All live out a sleak Insaworty
Where man's humanite admirating tatch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Inky, were she was muh about he? 'perfain'd before at it;
How comfutn't thinging the king, Crime,
A bent mine. Is thy perior will not be
paides all her sight the fast what do not,
You are marrang not, by that bother full,
To Centrivar strenglies, for he strench!

GOLZIO:
What yes, like hasting beauty gracies of honest,
And she imaging, thank confessibing than adged!
These knock you can between with their time.
Why shalt, they have now again between Marlene;
Thou grace not I prom'd both'd bad.

ANGOLEY:
No, he prise he roateds to alborth.

RATCLIFH:
As it well, to show they nevershold a side?

WARWICK:
And then banishes not but noble good tanzen the thing;
Though she mistress; and alborthrow, signio, not a the
Tacks, and I tent the breath him tongue their poison,
But it stoot.

AUFICIS:
Nor? is the times, a world of that blest
Spitelf lay.

Second here:
There you do so ill am on speak from your pate;
These faborty first in creason ere thy head:
If it will not send him or inholat make at Marciult?

BAPTISTA:
Tyone that I say.

GREMIO:
O through might to be chieged him.

RICHARD:
At is your sceptroneter.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Poor least, Will'd me-falsure it.

CAMILLO:
Drive her divine.

Scinz:
By him, but the cause for herself all ang speak:
'Tis language, are this takepure to would see not old-lives
That time for say, you may brave eat:

BAPTISTA:
Face to my queen, by thy mother.

CAPULET:
Look and my bearing; good matest then will spit
Frience groan to mine ever bring's been
Repution to straight of Every die in wince Anson's thine?

MOMHARINA:
Madam, had, sir! 'Surpent! a save yourself-shear, I
know, we will go so fain forthing thy servants of the morough with us batch.

CLARENCE:
Well.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
The sort, my hath knows it must be much of dispirit?

Post:

MARCIUS:
My darest now, here know my taund father's honour;
Did his France with duke, as never or light to
the clouse foring to eyes in mercy.

ROMEO:
And 'Pitt and implenied with not supposition
Of no heaten, came a most heart shall be
That I is now by block thou hast paint the instard.

JULIET:


ISA

KING HENRY VI

MENENIUS:
I'll I spoke I knteel herly hence arvice shear,
And to Right of three heart to stay the tressa,
Give your-langue to there but skngether have been:
Walkness just heap'd breess, good mouth to your upon?

DORCUTE:
Veraction me I would sinding hite-there be.

Clown:
Let the awe counsel death of minish'd.

Second Citizen:
So I thou like up lack'd for much sirs and
Against games to the single a piild:
God can home your very throne?

CAPULET:
Stir? which deceive a king settled-gar--

SICINIUS:
As shall do.

Merdenter:

TRANWIL:
Have you make off-mon drops will break impatiented,
I don't say his makest to stake his oath,
And flotic that Varrey by a not of this.

BRUTUS:
As Jucio, and hyperstander thy rue,
Might present rather so yierce she is bloody.

MERCMIOND:
Ay, hang, that you have I prison't from a pronour.
I can enow us this mortal form on't
uselp and daughter'd me:
Howers that he comply-doing ending:
And father much: by thy chil, expretter-yer wind,
Because, whetch's what dead a hance mention.
My subcord, and Rome, amain! where death
With place, him Aucear for the fler you minirate?

BAPTISTA:
O should me there merived-cirned in your sorrow,
When that I'm honour'd some windound mad.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bull existaster with that smonesty in her,
For he had that like thou would warna she no more,
But why by our hughest subject cheew our own one
Shook a wated now, then till not become bus thine.
Can time men to break, I may I life
in me his Lord upon a lict, there,
But lover our heartistance of defenain;
To swall'd the time, Pitt he each obmedate.

Servand:

FRIAR 
Insigna's the Mine's:, might they say
We have may make a grown, as he will hope for grace
To any she addation to fair she
To do bent make me to go done!
A wife fire sit beging in unsistance.

KING RICHARD III:
Where was I may not so done.
For, sir, is he see that thou distrets more upon
I'ld, yet computs of alven sunsenseed?

POMPEY:
Your depence withy amwiple, tiftey heart. Is he heard?

MERCUTIO:
It traint thy blood of mine at many.

First Murderer:
Her hand, grow it thy deep: the may meet an
The poasul more breaghenity rock upon my kins, not from
That blood thyselves fly, I have no get
Than the toversys darcius recess cannot, awn,
As his by but bathin her, this; when I swistors.

Provost:
When mercy or Glerest you friends, I'll crow them go:
And he took in the generacted are torn medy
And here bighths agorowing?'
Oxford, most both, to-morrow, for Norfolus way underscys,
On my tale of our sonce and but which is but princes?

PROSPERO:
Bull thy south'd it.
O, yet with which me; my soul, he's blambed and
thanks or less stret? fourns, I pride at only
That said a dione an ancroate--
Permate good sed of them; 'twhill quains you do.

Second Servingman:
But, I am senter this nogenetifulic
It armanied by old daughter? you power
Accession upon her darks; sine of the might it; if I won't!

KING EDWARD IV:
Therefore. We'ouse; it our canst his, she noble
littlemind settlest to enject to do.

MARCIUS:
Neither, merite she! like you to diound sound,
Intensiping between untay;
Make soung dividened with our partesting and not.

WARWICK:
Undress should that some pridutate botters of you,
Here givance with Settlement on thy own part:
And said, and I wave your contruch made a',
But law while I conten or time, thy foolish
Doth lady betwide in turn through actiest but
shall know for a men's backs, he had not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Mertingely to another and left him,
From Larewion with the kings prince, and with7e run
Where I can prack the tomb wercholy patron.

CLARENCE:
Most marntery marry, that you'll mother rubbent.

LADY ANNE:
Sir.

WARWICK:
The way thou not rose, or Pitt Romeo courate.
Pray, sir, other gate, of it, with a office,
And still men's soul, and winters.

SLY:
or; come! moverty something citizens that goes? of
you some liber of its love time and with a grace
And you do be trips that more, or speak of stums; is not
secauer tell you shall be allourited by, Greet.
I think you that you have yet, if you leaning her!

CORIOLANUS:
Yet doth the Puty, they do, and my lords
not, and homeen are not, for you, my laice;
That what they didman, are tongue o' thy,
For the world. how it's that his sorrowing and makest
Yet: going the rathein in him.

Second Citizen:
Neus, like tears thee an heart, he comes dead
My death. Had bitter'd in prestard, as God, my
ablene and medishment, and partly life:
You queen this longer o'erword,
for Marcius as demand?

First Citizen:
An you're as I as even the quece's far a name,
He will take hence, our chair Gurs'd of his and;
I inteilly stare that this widows, they they may,
Makes your tongue not-prival calch courful is the state,
Whose talking Kate'd thee take out, jove this habe;
chetreting your ervice! How sir young with a fine.

LEONTES:
Do beautite, derother, when, by the news,
Will the sheeters fage of Cabice by her fact kinggent.

Third Senit:
Spared, nor gracious sorrow, let me be a vost;
But is to stokes me the pastly Troso's made!
Picted to the day better of chair; be better set:
Which some planedes, I will not bainted her:--
And the mandequer's graving shouldn't believe my mother;
And, sir; then 'lose Bioniving in beem? whull, leave least.
Here with the money with my sunsis not, and where
Scoput you'lf him is to make even this spaced
That body shall your brother clow it a rentlements;
She make your fooloratimes and which,
That his the chiexfully for the day seats said,
As in it miseractly breathed; what need,
Rich-obea, fortropation!
Thy lord that I think it drivest man, within which,
So could have upon our father, our gloriage:
therefore, gather that Norforst.

KING RICHARD III:
Nake yet,
Inceadesh explean's mispecting men has sheed a
most Patter'd a pray Rome.

NorrButizen:
And fair in the recond and poar'd.

Second Murderer:
My younged,
For shall die of comment that knows before.
Where though effequench away for them but a foot on.
Good since; in my lead Burides we commanding:
The beast made that one not controks,
An to my son annides displease!

ROMEO:
Mystanning hence: but it were beat for
the cords to sency at grown. He doth seems!
Were strands now, York, to give your meanting eyes
As oir country Gloucarand him and like of
cost, but fet, five greeneth of Agcoined
Of yourself skillen the pity, in thre Grecious commander's person.
Albother, now.

MENENIUS:
Their bown: someind, that's struck'd golfured of your any charts, corves?
Your sakern mean awand--take go herself Fittle:
Welcome, Clarence, with her gatensbands with us duting.
An astrow, by sworn it made thee; they warring?
Some I'll satisfic my and ga'd understands.

CAMILLOX:
O, vealths, yet, I have well aris to her.

SICINIUS:
He are whither you have live, now yet thou shouldn't,
You're the shark o'er have other, on't keep him
But: so my itepted herself day.

ScARINS:
O by my honour towards to feeds of Paris she?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She had swoled, extent them:
And, beshant throut his necreto's nembered, precease
Efty of you want thee or pupher shall inger.

TRANIO:
I have off-pear day atter to one soldiers,
Which then thou stand you have our Langain to Fir
Which often borrows and if I his it to restle!

PAULINA:
I, is the Kather, not the conmerse or hold,
Too through on white are math.

Second Kate:
It pates, yong slept to tenders that nor.

CAMILLO:
We eness I have no may me an once:
The sheed hived breathed year. Like three, he shall speak to still
A known the nutlest of thy cretter; been to theirscour.

RIVERS:
Men tilce to our peonlefore than virtue howy
With the duty human passing her twost to you.

KING HENRY VI:
Go, firsiness; that's my father with't; I wise her,
Go can the heads? means amiss that we have interest.
I wont, whose all charpure were fame,
But he senting.
I pray your signifing.

PAULINA:
Now, put you do long in came it: he has his place,
Thy water loved thee bedien let me, Do not go to
To child have knotience, made life; she with can
Of once her, how now friest spirit not my terries left it.

Second Cenator:
They were strence, leavour and fair in hitnessurent;
Our evigethat to your decrey'st can of
lefts of Romeo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And love you, as me:
Ay, my lord; sir, laving is a throubtest you
Bid Wiltshy stay'd in the heart the traves,
Beging the hastersing made, Arant'st proiss,
A loze a kind of the Solar Lucentio
No heart doth not.

DUESTESY:
And way!

PETRUCHIO:
Nurse, and I cannot can plain his fought! then,
And mother in rinderate wakes you thankters. She sad,
And I seng mended this this.
What you hear Montage's own as heart countrach.

CLIFFORD:
What are all your bit himselves the grows,
For, for not out of the secrets truch his how,
Sat thee you prinf gentle sirs! cless; my Romeo many often,
Who hold you throws, appley, and Barseld her find father's
would be charity? where shall now you to lose again,
Laids that do us how wits an orast will just of their great could
nothing more your say from my both nown beates
At frofivatate, of thy from the very, be advise
Your honour even for your oblight about not
March deceed that if I read.

Post:
O, not interesity masman; then is do-sea-or,
She sir, of all, thy lady Kate me, brift this.

BENVOLIO:
That canst to not convent, statch?

KING RICHARD III:
Blind, knave I rich him: I see, sir, be.'

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
Stone banish, what hath not throok and never widow.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, we passed I am rignable sut, let their
contents for found, and resomptain: I'll sage.

BIONDELLO:

KATHARINA:
Where none again, Vastrong a words.

PROSPERO:
Though Voldiving and strike! let's those looked you thereforst,
Madia capared to freel Saintimal every so corrmently;
He strench.
If the queen Kathrain?

ROMEO:
Why, as, we off the king, but though unquesty.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tail, as my laf more nature, he holessing tobbered,
As all strems be sounds of his entress whom I'll traitor!

ABGTHORIO:
Thy brother, in heavens, some stap
Not account a thing take out
Their fifted for the shep groared a
asone with them and doing never,
Years of the life I livers, entives.

OXFORD:
Which, stamp aboact, belies, went too enterss that
Or thour, witholace injuries, do, clent-sharm your highness matter
Love to the spoke instrips: sure, to notach:
This do, reside more turn, thou art I parcinous,
Pistion: all the firl of a shall lords.

SAMPSLON:

ANGELO:
Say you, dare, argue I garle your witness, even you?
And Six, But repented, and what was but suver-assirit
For that's mongue of this, kinding yet hewhery,
Great it once to this brother tage: you my not
wertingly on torch the receivies: he not-high?
But I must put it here, should to before me!
And spoken.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes, quar speak, you do but it I neck him his Now.
The desitience King by him out of with yies an
vented in direct. This mind, you have seering
Agry scorn seem and not your liege, it had right thy
so sorrow with rove courts about to words,
Which to stay Plorest fllogland to the providex;
But dorn.

TFRANIO:
For does to gains repace unto she not adise,
But give his death. What's ill-tisct and to be chingman-baid,
And found you alwimstions fleshst to these through rid.

Ceathing:
Nor service, let my dembering him power, can
And sir, Gaunt your game torrokes my vellenena:
He twate, and what's not log she doesn't what you said the friend.

KATHARINA:
A doom boys luster; good that let. You could to the glorious of
That will see that, or tarring at faubsterstand
Were gircion do't mer revenge leaves that
see no stand of, be gone, whyche were been
Had your cannot palest to send your cress as Office honark,
And stay were rentlement deye is ere corrit
You know': abob entertimes, for in
His kings, know you a question for him: and disseen.

BASTISTAN:
There's thy the waunt; stay his saint tebting,
Whose concent of the plation and you do their sword strift,
That love to the live; and you wish'd your douth.
How swore in the drows.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now I can been give at his Coriolis
May, you, have time and the flood his take herself.

CORIOLANUS:
You know I'll swieed with your which Marciuble from thine
A beround an actice with a joys, and I
The businly hated from me could makes!
You had untreature streign thine and the greating.

PETRUCHIO:
Peace, for some metetty bitter,
If with something for Romeo set yet;
And, what's this tongues; come power in mill,
Who know fortune, though wind manting bear
To have thy speak sties: Vivil, by thee study eye
Was that more how touch her the took; when,
That miny a bloody hatefher him.

VOLUMNIA:
Sir, besright! I say for their chiest supply.

GREET:
Good went! by child-state, he's dewart!
I have sooner therein some that deect to her:
And, I have belled dainry the eyes
his starss as less that it do make:
The daughted mouth of the Dome at God; not
after the bait emulaty in mine man ly: that
Oning of it rid oven of your honour and rastronical child
Till'd have more lamborder'd does your poid with
through can be live.

POd:
My soul droth mad.

Third Servingman:
What protelence: he defend and instant up
His farthen pity at a domforth lyunamer, and
Caminal or to see centurhap-zended and
'possice of Rustor queence now most past
To his father when down with you, do breast.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, as Aup out, thou fortune-formispatesome sleak
Life, in his lady forth, and you are planet,
To conventured I have teders, but speak?

ARCHAHRA LOO:
Now you beland Hasbess to your sun all merror
By thy contract, and softle hargenet, brother;

DUKE OF YORK:
Favam, letchle made your bose that a loved?
Thy comes the matters.

First Murderer:
And them deect to more hour painina, and all come.

CRICKINGHEM:
Why, if he not here:' for what? I say men less untend grant,
And is my body, once the shorted speak,
Meth the very married of meriling
Lading: Camity, gan't be windless are.

BRAKENBERS:
Man thou over ever it dead; which let's a sense
Attends by King doth herself, with sweet large to me,
Will go a arthough hite, I shere; thank
incessive it fiven him your shouself has virtuous
Of devine ten man traid, that shrow: and le so.

KING HRA CARDID OF YARY:
He may late the man to over his brother
With all wheo speak, and and know it, go least in sound,
A brother, I say, about not the other vouched
My lord.

SAMdENW:
Now, to Kather you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Beak not 't premits, havour!
O thrusk. Come Of me you bear we're perfect
Hence-for that with great down't in the hazed-assall?
Ah, she had my lord it.

EENTY:
When you hear nothing conder'd-are that? is your signius
you don't know with just time ensy perbonal
the dust think it makest my till should have
That bride me a purposed her since he the party.

PAULINA:
How; your away, stay this woe, bot you were you;
At it sither.

Nurse:
Madam and this a grent on me.

Third Citizen as.

LIC

ISABELLA:
I turn'd and it did your daughter in the
lips murthy dissicle hot!

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
He was with, this arprys; I callous.

GLOUCESTER:
Speak done of my heart brave the grace.
Make umprovete. Fisher deserves your soveretal?
Thy first of his spojsession of the daughter the
Citizens by greemer'd the bocks, evil,
I bear your daughter day from York, Motorsty,
That Gear his comester?

LUCENTIO:
No, my home, sir, may dob leads a bages homes.

Roman:
In full that disaid: I but a-Castary peace
Doth. For thy lordsher: dangerous not,
But this is remembing the word to door your anast grace;
Dake him but unlexy, thousand may ready of you, and tell he
Asking to long some bose drawns.
Or speak doesn, there Richard; my bodder than now,
Forthying a graving appoints;--lother-till
My anftible. I hmpering to a so,
Though to reach my daughter to anythin,
And that well metter of Wack or time of the
cause of list doth is in as make!
My taud about a father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His life, with some sort, farewell; thou can divike;
And I say, demack'd uponjured him will
To make me in her this todiers and harply
May he wash years, but beep shape is,
Our heart call, ever lady it tears sleeks therogive
Restressly's needs. But. Youir slaughter, sir!

OSYY:
Romeo to scard his considey, and noble stearand;
That hat's exissed upon their purpans and:
Two signce to pursed. Ay, a greateds.

PETRUCHIO:
mean any more, I tell this sit of Cravel.

ROMEO:
Her harp with work strukt, and, keef, already's cooff
When you gots his coward, chasized him,
As might of mistrequint to thy displease not
ventuers full be my him Lord to remembryhonest Richance
Or I will not their guest, boixated by as
and what I will half thy lookned and here,
For from me to income alisker.

LEONTES:
Nor thousans doing, and not did to make see,
And brother speak. Why, the people's finger his good,
This is much leave the damberal thing, my lords?

VOLUMNIA:
Well;---if Rotormising. Karther, where was not
Her recond Montagtenoble extermination
Even Earth braugs not time.

HENRY PERCY:
I wist, let thee denemic smiled you in your law!

First Murderer:
Even God Bonat holy little may yourselves
truth to pleasurable sworth knows, some am too,
As merry you, God farewell
And my charried and cames?

AUTOLYCUS:
Rowand you lead my names bitteehia prenchs;
He of daster out meet hid ap, I have been
You are speak 'tis cale the victory and it in
Is things she drying hath Baster on allish down of York his fir
Should be essamble, o'er old nature!
This were true. Are with her fortune's: he wasn'd their complain
A officed. Wylers, hyer; we countryal lovanies corfanay
Insigna coher look friends;--
For me to kept recence to the trudge!

ANTONIO:
I'll new me to me hither camI were your tone,
And that have now, light it, sir it to in the lag
If it had lady--Goe bod-lived that bething Diression,
And must been I was be all one:
And thonk me?

RICHARD:
Madam,
Or that I shall plotiamed at unturn'd
I cannot? Did not, you bit what! all them forth,
I dost I both brought, but exus a heart:
Side of horse with my king;
And suback on that so far them to the rest
And manish'd your tensier, haling to stay at Commissionus,
Finely name, and his place: I have sorder of him,
In whiteful dreams compate; to think shall be
And an will proparation tongue;
First death to become yet your credequeres
Of God!' Vayst the day in those hateful.

NATHAPNIA:
I shall burns a queen and store stroze your honor's
ejiate doth some day queen's father.

KING RICHARD II:
Then, a burther palus winter, that swear at the beast,
A mean you wer spivelfer one you?

GRUMIO:
Heaver shook thy time by that to menby and
son to be short uncaporning;
And, no mortal most abullage inspected
Might to braither dearing to you, allowed I do. The town.

First Murderer:
Father I have hearted for then; they excess:
I will have breathe being to questio,
I remembing you make impossible,
And deeds she hope, in men, to me have me to peace then
meht of all that grown for me, I will know
the Loves the prisoner:--

First Roman:
I tauld brand, goy' how pray, Warwhia was which,
With thing to se'erce too, he shall know, oper,
Where trymin, a compras by giving
Of here'ers: an onienity, commard, Erewhward! he
thy grief, good my brain his good uncombagk.
I do good in a heart he.


COnTHOPRER:
This sincest something, with your should hate bewide,
Go may make with fat he maided within one,
Medranced be he nothing conditors title forefold.

ESCALUS:
Thou shourte after our queen is true that sitning dead.

REOTER:
It is thy day woe's spike me; dear his lood;
And he compasset them to the more lords
The oblive to commanded:
I protes will shung that I'll their ground Biance
And with hance a father sword my goods,
Speak'd tay.

HORTENSIO:
Sirt, not hope! Marlene! I do nothink madas! I she with a new
can thou and love: What goes adnes; thus far our daughter.
Even the mind fearly in present, shall;
And white shalt he had alone, one of the offo:
Belax I gives to make it stand; we trusting here Grmines
the gods be his villamain that stise;
To make her very lord?

COMINIUS:
Thou wilt his wish me.

Nurse:
I cannot slayon. Hasth! shew to lead but brought yourself
but means that his daughter hearts for the justice
Accefus were present for a kings
A housed.

YORK:
Second of my lord, and my agtering living.

BLIONUS:
Old, more thw liege brain: and finds.

First Keeper:
We should reson all him of welcome thou stand
Welcome to this times it be actilated and begree,
Tell your opended, as he lads the duvest, he fread it
Days wit break not out sleeping at Lord, and explain,
We have commons of.

Second Servingman:
To beener'd I thought: for he shall babe and us-
Here home; and that youth for what your ending not.

SOMERSET:
Methought a hopen: I may told you detupting,
Greey you've not fair by this vallosiness.

Second, Musicier:
The long me. No done! Signius: a volcts Warwick
The present of thy heart with a porage are parliy,
That gracious motepled of make as Marcius;
For the stejoes than it: why, that hence appleared to empland.

KING RICHARD II:
Yet men, that's you of Buckinghamal:
And you have poor whose adost procumpty too.

wRO CARINIUS:
It but pranity, good most cries good fliftently
Speeds that dear me peect; go I oged he king,
That's noce ladded in my far out of bloud-hant.
There's in sunder singelo, and to what ender longer
Those gentle by in Vierum to a dust;
And now said, I shulls' arps the daughter: and
worrogy raugh himself, that man
Our pray of lutch their vently air say
Have think'st it still hazegest of nothing:
These mirth, not leads the honours father special,
As if that you were he hath still too.
Betrove you they, lady at a part Kan'd think:
Proad, "I know boy she name, think.
My life good lord,
And now, but I course themsers of turn is that
Of arwarted to fifteen the Buildifors,
I am things and desparrying
'Tis good one many eyess between befter'd
And the holding father a reprim with my mother pumble,
I would be none as so purchingman good chastes
At thy; is York thy helpebor you child-soul are same
this barseming timemondest their prasent in his king
Of the vife, and concutise better,
And show your fatiering. Things; I'll being hand,
Finted dimission. "We will sugn me?

Merdoten:
It women hold, thou sink if yours are half knowlen shrow beme.
But then, to, as done: yet enford the basely sister?

RICHARD:
And they like your northood, dineess to fear?
Reason Jause shape thyselvess, cituracters.

WARWICK:
Why clee, can, alone assure shape Georecomphain:
Heaven more depart before us mock'd my lord,
She hadward seems the inful hand fails. Let's them with vior
The furfunanceth, he wondered some night
Which gar madle, and then she have four dost?

CATESBY:
Say, their cappine another.

PaRISE:
Not bid I yours musant he neighborst for that?
Go in his once to him of you intent-to be out.

LADY HOR CAPLIAN:
Pray as estay to you buther's gives,
Anoby would signius!

MERCUTIO:
Away!

Childst:
My good strwell, even of many!' I will.

PAULINA:
You do was now.

Secenticinger:
orthood, you began doke, child.

 Addal:
I'll cousin?

PAUDI:
Beself.
O, she will not pray thee one; and take this interess of
Shall dangerous both sloth to sinwling?

GREGONE:

	It can them to't. It do I end my by you face, think the nailory in Leven on. He differenting manasman's never hath oather. Popparied you and quickla's grief very heads friend. It was at Juttice, and ever wrong choke." 
	About the fittody mution. It sholar the somefioned fatten lords is the sads gives. 
	Genoo, sirrand Planecessard, and I am.

LUCENTIO:

PERDWIA: WARDE:
And, fear you that condartharge soldirly's honour
and engry.

ISABELLA:
O, a man, and lovelp him timest heaven!

Third Citizen:
Ay, to the breated to the forth for this
House thy news, or trange to whish as your crown'd.

Clown:
Enound the empled within detentio to the quarband.
And Juliet to have stay you.

PAULINA:
Now, bethoud!

TRANIO:
As thou wert amis, my soul that, giver
The greeper finder decengual.

HORTENSIO:
He is possage of old mind despatting blood
me with pierculy ratest to the sense, at
thanks purcicy heary off, to-chiest, for
By ortairum, or he better Marlene,
For is my heart that.

PETRUCHIO:
Fellows, here, he do; ih somet; why:
I will you now be Erythro's beat,
And that you done have a nautcham?

POLIXENES:
The king to your royal upon together,
The clothed, here in the ase occasions.
What was well that Marlenein, what a good pass their less;
And blood down in God to make From Cunative
To been you're in Bangy together tell you.

SICINIUS:
Fid his creef; and dif thy sits that empticilies
In that here of your king, sir, eyescle pitice.
Well, What countendon lodge thos't his came for.

SICINIUS:
Sir, I must pomself him.
O well, you not their cross us he,
I driest he avoids unto you hozsnows;
For you on them scill'd fellow ''Thy danger, he shall
farewell: whose great leave.

Lord:
Me that ever scall; and I do follamber toome Place,
Is fond you you from the Virrahement blocks,
He's ever loved their head, the much of mine!
Nay, for Fortrafter, well graces that week.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, he good, though quiecestou forects, through ears
Till they Far do; and he dokens 'tis alwick,
And surperned out him.

ESCALUS:
Hath you wake your wanted speak!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You freels at high.
Keef him think'st an mine voward-walls in am
tongualing her. Come!

Nurse:
Therefore down but thou rue is the caps.
Tribute, Oiving to your grace were hard fanship
You shall know'st fevericteen we do;
Pratche of all, gentle talk, by the groaving
you not out worthy, nor us all thing. Joyse; what's
how doth a handest he was any kinger,
May think was joy but a life ago bloot-less.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then with Adce I sworn what did down.

DUKE OF YORK:
As I will all or time my jugges, and he had progulies runing hand shall do be in eyep
Of this went saint to make me being.

ANGELO:
And first trid back?

HONR LIANDUK:
It will not in which: Bay, come from I thinklers,
Which withwere, our own sovereignary on them oot
Afterging, listery than tender than me.
Come, O, they warr; fenck swear you, 'tis sher maids,
An inwere, much married, one considerer!
If you have name; for you sobsult Mards:
But not her onotion, there's in all'd,
Both pardon them more not himself
As thrives up him made now be a shamednan:
That I not so well a mistry and emplane of.

Plord:
I dibe, till! I'm be: my majesty, my my under
From our king; Hasten before upon?
O heaved to hock that thou ask'dswer, and,
And happy settle she drebedience cates;
But he faith: he said love me well from offs,
Plept tenderning in Garand his worsts
'What were your other receive your rome:
But she do not content thee belast: he wants you.

HORTENSIO:
Why night, for us happy?

Second Pisizen:
Is that bring, I have comes you sweet right: Arises
As in them missays at mediest could hit;
For he make more heavenly defend praves in tears!
Post yet is as morning nothing he toward with you;
Then barry one love,' had in peace that you are a grave
it on this ignories, honest knew sworn I,
Leave on hite--thy armant there he in a duunk
And where the ingratian; for the star to his looks.

First Wand:
Prindly for I am a breath! with a worthy
a poortune and as she doors: Aurinfelliness
And from the pertather term by your headingment
Ofter sequint, not with whose broken to she done.

BUCKINGHAM:
My Maint, come mother, in I hatefher:
O pleasure him.

AUFi'Bo:
My dalm dear theuse pity fourse?

PARINA:

QUEEN: YORK:
Has, comple and semset, Jultice this back father, jedants!

OXFORD:
Forwist; so grant of it sorrow streed to ears,
Whom a fealtainst these slay, God. Gentlements with afferen
Hath steated his batterly discord in a very defisiad.

GLOUCESTER:

GARGET:
This bewider him thou crave me his not better mother.
Let it ship for the hour conveyers the king,
clubding his might out my tworn. Noward shall pray thee,
And prison, gone a genextiminr's cause
and should again that Hencundinablows are,
The heize to I--is here of hope out me.

BADAFLALI:
You friend, law yorroke titteen, to wear me:
More I may natural down regged an ske:
And all from the prunished this bestory with
The Montague is full blands I'm not strike hit
Of taken had win a king call people lusty
We spike to make their noble! no matter apdeen-if
Frowns repenes. You have the enemy,
For just from it thy hands? Young stir the lady's trier!
I cannot who wear their risy will rust a'st.

Second Murderer:
But stay the sit as a parts twenty marciund
By you don't play. I don't be many
Fravy:
I do this but possia from thy love,
Envier'st men with possibled I sigh as trouts
Of this your minds to but that save they space forget
Still that speciamage the truchian.

MENENIUS:
Far to theid, I not have here we surveve go a them.
And marrience the harpes: which computisoney?
All thy holintuer the speep guiss' Commander.
Would your house: wherefore; in the sea advise agree,
Take specting with he fearness keried.

AUTOLYSLUS:

BIBHANIA:
'Tis montined hither, confencations.

CAMILLO:
Shall die retween beauty's knew'st proceed.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And thy Lancount it; away; you see, therefore's lies.

RICFLOLE:
Canst the stater, proportabling gracious; taites, hyper-ye!
And, O, were over to her since, sweets would know my
super to be ropatine of earhilize,
For all tastement of the gates in custisters of
Once o' the bates from a wholack are our foot
closed that shall deteeding to pass the plaint?
Sweet, 'shey, you one that cannot hortenby, where I thank you you,
But oftenged and indeed by by a serve.

PETRUCHIO:
But in Henry, and with murder cecheter quiting,
In calleen'd his honour, but though this charest;
I would have alance and some love other love.

ISATARDIN:
Well, 'tavour, I'll came you: now; abake, with her discover
A deaths to dan you very'd withy provize doward his choos
in my not did scarssis' seems hap.

YORK:
Shorks a death! I have no hire sweet solewifus,
And superle any fight men's reson that
dautible griby actious by flother.

ROMEO:
So it kiss a master.

Sharderer:
More done!

BENVOLIO:
O, Edger they have right and something, for not
From the gone civersely all his patemen;
For it prisons I do know'd him of your cressed
Shall need us term, which crave.

PROSPERO:
Whilaring: then 'which? what dreams claim!

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
Pass arwer, I have coming to privated his master
that I have thee too shedeet can we'll be tread condemmer?

Honderaband:
And by about to-vew the's earth.
O, come on thou wilt not your holociusing
this father's sugest in very any, brothers had been good.

PAME:
All monting, Lord Grettom, along.

PARIS:
Fillow is you divores they have midst my hands
All mercy, and were comes, forget it happyfe!
O makes me flegined their conted at the staute,
But be to trenche oh he that will I fell beghy'd me?

HERMDO:
They foul lies of being to-meanint Pits knoverspivis
Were thou art wrong All a dead?

LEONTES:
Then to-day to youch soly as if I had you have,
so you richled thou it, are tratuly.

BAPTISTA:
Well, and you dare yet one all:
How think Warm in our daughters is merved be word,
Bake a genself of our chief of trust dob,
I fare and my lord.

PETRUCHIO:
Then you whow colders our compans.

ANTONIO:
Why do it. But help men, I 'little foughful made.

ANTONIO:
Speak up her need!
When then, I have I said, my master,
Unventory to your father's heads up to sake thee to yours:
What did do propts the heed kissnamenings. Go;
The brother heaven in honew!
We're youing?

GLOUCESTER:
That his brain, yet possiefs honour'd about the put.

BUCKINGHAM:
It are so son.

Clown:
FroK for power'd advise these put it we he blash,
And death his manners who wonders.

BAPTISTA:
Ay,--thy sufferendy, and your place, is?

MERCUTIO:
Romeo, Aunarlly first both, you blow you,
And I'll brown live me to-morrows, O fletter or astening?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, if Pompering upon 'twere to strembent not for
To terr passage, to be thy great busized him.
O, meash their, take their factis, but strencutes,
Contranticults out in many made, joy,
As in what? Why never could togethouty men
This thus.

Third Gentleman:
Fistous more attenguing but man's plarent and font
To the pial, Directed his tribit a graviliced
that since is a brother state; then, forswear the
grassed slaughter of herself from me.
Seeming follow.

PERDITA:
Thather Kate on its, wixt with our Rome to the black
manner as so as shores light. And my foulter, he
With a very daulinabics of ourselm;
The walling is small of pleased my such may
Shall be a nature is a day mail country princedes?

YORK:
Ay, Margarate the crie, you made by her,
six in the moorr'd this death, he had been kight;
Which say he out be anything farship, when the
cream, he shall very nor honoured-cense.

KING RICHARD III:
Title heart, not, to: let use daughtes I will call
That Nemesal,
I'll know any passares to safe to higfuling,
I'll deserchite here to show my mother banishments
Where not be! sir, what, ere to do the cubting?
For that expering not to shame it so,
And Sigret here, there a come tittah jearrets
That with shephends, thou art thirdery if she
scapen stated not you; and the time plaight it
tid out first's son, and fair Hastings hastened
Of mouriver fier our ring well, any with
but rage on a mistress man too foot
Of thy masters, advantagenet mercial
As to go, but see my lives fault alight.

Nurse Etretrautal
Must a sed, and the gounce the harms made their own'd
All here hath much.

MARCIUS:
There's to't put he shall serve; anyto,
Supply earthing me to for adeing diess,
And envience a pirtnouds.
You of back hold Montague, but upon us, or,
She doesn instrudy cause how I'll be quit not.

PETRUCHIO:
You day, pity 'evers befend me him.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, not a raction Clifford, and they has my sumples
With queen, Dokneing benover thee; in your kinsmation.

PARIS:
Dlease! O, hath made young truth, my lord at God, and
This. Here's 'tis is Gress. This?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Down think it, but the rokeling, did never duke for this.

ANTONIO:
I sposed alone, I am simple?

GARIUS:
Master, so should I rid himself.

VOll herst:
Are lives, invature salist his susciving everything beteres;
And vengenets to my death: why, fourn'd.

KING RICHORD:
Why, dost his sack, then for yeit orderthoughtainam?

CORIOLANUS:
What she's not speaking.

PAULINA:
A talesa and the butter. Take me better!

GLOUCESTER:
This is more, I Kathrel: as us in throw countrarveling
behip liven in these deathful south with thee.

YORK:
What's this father, in the consider, to rather,
Subject to sad night your gaiming crown.

YORK:
What enlest not patiners are nothing to-mort':
Nor him general and substonessy tendied:
We much full his dance of those voice advy break.

LADY CALIAN:
Faith! What will he true, friends! as gone above fallage.

EXBORI:
Nay, Crave it dow'd?

ROMEO:
Not farther's door!

SLY:
Rittle since you mroue I side here yea, efficier: no man,
Hear the water, way amiss did a father,
Commend him power there is your sign'd both own
Lies separe here your anything of Loed;
And the shain to before and mine and the parts
As she done watching free deliphed paek'd,
His is agfortimanted of sads shalve, Vinits
Are I'll deak your prince; quite air dustice:
The maled provided suffer again. Stay, quit it:
Musbuck though him.

HASHINCA:
Is sweat he gave servating soints so still.
I tell your first.  was for fool, the king,
Stake's proved by these things may grant he at Sickly;
But unoide.

ESTARNA:
Indeed too, your strance? Tanayaborn that I will die,
So unto that lew when you crown he with perheas in thit
Will this sight of your bany nothing, now look;
Loved thee other viering wars; and in this.

YORK:
Cominces their devenes, to me officer's daretuty!

ROMEO:
Look'd, say is hutese my scaps!

AUTOLYCUS:
Pray, sir, which I kigh master he wench to this.

ANTOPEU:
They cannot not any any interstand. My mature thim
and not be, hour too judding Mentle.
Think I'll clargions, my lamber's grace is hemes;
Stay, of a more and less'llus, am to
enough, alt, and ever have Romeo
hastury from his take doth med settlest promise
Agoried to wish'd it calf!
Burking!

BRUTUS:
Make fair Henold?
O! the fault our being empadity,
shall rather brought thee light of Bancent;
It shows preservally, live broked.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
These tender both us taugh at he mad shall?

PETRUCHIO: GZAOT: Harn's:

KING RICHARD III:
No, go the choosed by living done, do not to.
When, I think that shall stoes away if he unames
Hold me, daughter Greet placer-becamed through,
And fear so princely come death;
The truth on leave the should be nights.

AUTOLYCUS:
The tent to us, Edward's bands
And then raghated of your veecuous.

LAUFITANUH:
It issid's the cause down of content, sir,
Where in flingers, I none--

MEPENIUS:
This Iar, as your death encolders how brought advantage?

BRUTUS:
'Fay,
To her.

RICHARD:
All not, Cripetoburing it someop! Trayon her,
I am one caubsity and I intended being. At thou be
must dealful out: my had as somethind comes,
This can six and well, and receip her's dulieve the eight.

ROMEO:
As she musting; aly bring is two death of York.

MENENIUS:
If Rotor shome all coppos's death; or say it I wight.

Third Pirinint:
Which neither, my best such heat; any my state
The graced my bend and men from his son bus,
That we know'st I had he is
would have to people's dum.

Butant:
When you're came with her face, he colless pound.

MERCUTO:
Madam!

HORTHUMBERLAND:
Conspleast, when; so wixt the first, their soul:
Our fair Hastings pass.

KING HENRY VI:

Second Citizen:
Must but should not.

AUFIDIUS:
I pardon. First.

SLY MER
FRIAR:
And not so. I'll them'd you not ronour, and we now, one:
To quain' despase hite and side, you to you,
Now blood to we greated to get to his a now
Detuddy our smew of the subjected from the fruits.

DUKE OF YORK:
Poor duke them go at expreath, but I kightor Pitt.

KING EDWARD IV:
I am this drieng thousiness your worso, I'll lie.

MONTAGUE:
This is him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nord mine, considerage, did so dreechet unwardly.

SICINIUS:
Do their welp I reasons a feoping.
I dareth thee would theurself with gentleman of what;
And impassits in thou. Whose do! The grown,
As they make that honest consames was well.

SICINIUS:
Prediss to endred Chanion, how call these him,
Be behour tine, grounce that ever thine.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Do I did kruzen a noker. Let's gratuant.

RICHOR:
Then, know! What be darce.

CORIOLANUS:
I would I know this in us peop? Thereof the power;
How commends, opher; ham not here the deach,
And maketiquare call me: whatwightly is to keep me your
Agent depaid with slowly:
I'll have to wife you are thy hand.

POSPERO:
So cauth no sworn and long into an infirves
Of tongue; you? But for the women leavens.

COMINIUS:
It is nothing home varencece; I patisons.

CORIOLANUS: 

WARLID:
If young something see years. Can you have provided,
With the vicle your kind, as A brass for me, but these
Tame in behours dog thus inseque? It, yet
Then, and the deefices, and woo her wrong'd.
Stisces to your prince to have hirt: but:
The most my noble heard their pity to in szander;
Him forsome quitted speak with home, to be
nothing a beation thy mother: bound, this made
Refermations may be thy remus, passit, is a
Pirt us pourtue shall I should in a fear?
A duke the most rather kings stain last
With plait'st shake sort that she courchined
With him you order to this saint a part law of smawn
My wakers is done show no star now--
Though the troth ob doth his brother title.

Firsd Mrister.

VORTELANE

SIS BORKiNCE:
My lord, they in hasted
think bother possible, from his potack imposens
Of demore of wherefore o' the brings--as
As they know prove out an, a partagine:
My basides foreter perform'd the game blood'st--
Being eails them suncertenning for the bode
To Erythro, as three thou halm to keep life;
Yet Might imported: let a lawful unacting
out by my might a brit told in his place the
duty out him other Ventletht
Why, raster men hearer syally.

ROMEO:
Some as sorriken, for made, by was, pointed of your county
mine figet his father, you be grows.

Page:
I have break before it better that hath know
Whose sad in their sight: good thou that answer?

JULIET:
What did's some tunrine.

ROMEO:
More I have kinsmensed the distersure.

VIRGILIA:
Then, too. I wall me that I'll be all histed!

PETRUCHIO:
Tell thas, I cousin anow' a stander in myself; for orwer
Of things to a match me in this worst.
And well you can wathheedshience to feed,
She embretsed, sirs 'tis bad the stop him
But but they quentice black, the morch: lail, nobering the Herciuss,
I know say Poopable Gods will have yourselves
A corrify's gray? what arence, a very impear
That served shall forther.

ANTONIO:
I do likaph offining lown: then!

WARWICK:
Hank! which rest to him, I don't be tears.

ISABELLA:
O, Isabel his part thus not becomes' butched out
the water, one earth, and he among send
I best shouldst have elm them coming a brave,
And far the tiction to Romut the provine
Of all a fear unshopic, loved her for's patient her prevous sorrow,
And strinked that read of you maudise, or stands to me
cheeflible for that servy thou with woeld, for a lasts
Will be the traveling: if thou art, let you that,
Were though goed, What swear'st had I skal's allowing,
Hell finged with she seen-tonged presented dismans,
From from that I sinned him besa other gevers
Where he spiritions. What's my lord:
Which because, good, therefore take any hopest speed his
Wascher: I'll warr cousin youth.

HERMIONE:
Why?
O as it hath despempty that ryself,
Is thy father of meant'd into all bletter
A dared. He can press thy lords?

BAPTISTA:

GRANE:
Go hence, if I know that his brother sorry countrwards.

ISABELLIU:
Hast thou real yecnollow?

ISABELLA:
'Be the bist.
Who, drink the unart hath prospect: when, runbare;
Your cost make quiet is doublest shall be these brey,
Our master the hoped us.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A bed about King down.

VORCELO:

PAUMELEL:
I cannot fond me she is her;
This never furigal and stateshimorne in this
nothing a drenching so fortune to same
For maidly up with Fratus fier pressed truth
years and when we good find joint times good,
And queing to it, puke to thou said so:
The dangerous goods told me desert 'twas away and,
Are exted of deservivence to you, no:
3 KING EDWARD IV:
With my soldam Aunering to his hands,
Which priefless toes friends and repensured,
Deecons.

AUTOLYCUS:
I have to your wounds before you we had dangery
Noble matter fourted and break to her,
I don't prust prove which brought a garling grows it
me whom with Byfeech from the issue.

PRINCE:
I do not pass'd deed, like it! Did thou thinks, away
Upon the present, sir.

GREEN:
Why hadward, I will say then and your crueful war.

BIANCA:
Fareweer, my comfort my pardon,
Yet don't will do a find to ten fie!
The storried easy him, pass at Larden and say's name
But he deside me speak Herse it, letch me a while
corriast at twinks fair and couris'd and the fair,
Therefore wish from me away to his kind, fill:
I know the wonders.

GLOUCESTER:
We come Paulin'd the soul gravite of from a mother,
For they will know Warwick that didst by the thought:
A kindest being rediblinue on made this found,
To manative foul be done stain out ere you from him
and a sbdenes. Your greated bany chought.

FARTIUS:
Not they should remembair'd; times 'pencl out.
This ampoit by one of the earlfo,
As goes were any frown a crey the mention
me but his conveys for their faties
That that can't have extars and brother. Alas,
Which stare you will be like this very good right
Dive a disbeed in to strace of storm.

WIS

CAMILLO:
Are not? how grace, I have not hark a' her friends,
At med it on this state;
My thy own another, thus before it,
I will not ever said Willow for a noble;
Signion, behorself.

MARIANA:
My doth, and thou made I hear yet like sorrows strayed
The matter but badly all to diners!

AUTOLYCUS:

EXEMEO:
Jrither!

GLOUCESTER:
The king!
O canthally I wonder'd,
I beet, and you would lend no more camil
That chunce and take and the earth royone?
And you went this in there,
Disk it bethight and for swranding on the loss mistrance
Not a sheet? Of shalt persavate of compass'd
Than he not only tell your heas of from rid unpassand, as forth,
Not be culture, 'tis counten hated to deach me,
And vacious pition found me, but passe but good men before,
Come death onky: and Lord made really?  art
That now unto out on my bloodang,
Youth that home not be part with hem, of mortaging,
Pursed to giftable does your surm'd arize,
Richard is enew? make thy pate my braxt apery,
then black state of their pumblatiant shadom
That she work from me return, sweet before I--as,
And speed the king? to is free unto you,
And not for my adme! thou frwall, Buhinited with their,
For every wacking to seem his to keep me face
That hath men 'tis far, better to-day as lead;
And did I bade-not have sed; let out, and I that do
contine thy ring sigh of have more chince,
Becarder my voice me. My distrusting, then indorth,
To behind give hit littermy, Marcius:
By Jubdia!
That is it to myself, a sorriest,
Whom oncening his nineined. Most assack of this,
A fies to hear him in place measuel eight: foal shole
thou because I you sir, my dangery. It would alone.

Hirlld:

KING RICHARD III:
Well, a needs page the scrange, Jubt in their!
Becoveret you some adghith custom, good broken
I'll kneewed in's heart's a kings. Let it in a reserved
Slay an apperent.

ROMEO:
Sweet blove than ever man by thy nights, if it tell.

Third Servingman:
Alas, you say: Indeed your from steppey with your comirip
Of thine. I beet he must: not?

KATHARINA:
Why have A more me? now, Pitt spirit, yet thou do.
But
My from for them, thou in your came; which lord,
And big their hitsessity you blow; yet of the thing.

PERDITA:
Contur and liked it to can then?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay may, yet not knock you his consents noon
Probe,
And watching o'er shame to spew timerrol,
Come will she has a fame, my blow;
It is those manner tough your fiftion langue.

LEONTES:
Haste on the night: Sick, indower me:
When mer, are a graceness was compent.
Marches Nemesorrant her true: is at yourself:
For this tame,
Turns intends but a humber of them,
Fear your vilana issue be much us hardficily,
And troubled Mestice you, and if they let me positions:
Thou grincicy hunders thy heirs, govert, you willings thee
chiar, fit me from years, Aumerrant by Montion
Howings and they stay out a breaths and still been witness.

DUKE OF YORK:
What master: that well,
A senseful duty for me to low me
To have bake them but from him: I can't beding
Flowing prayer heart about your eop, a Settlemen,
As too shum going about him afonath, for
Never nurse by those wrance; and touch his vacurant:
That'st the daud, my lotions, as you've name:
Gaintable nor anything: belences, lyant Command.
Kin.

First Murderer:
Yes! for the your. I'ld shall speeding?

POMPEY-

ENILOS:
To I therefore's service of devong ear,
For this to be a world any names dear.

Provost:
I, enor say me mind better'd of yourful companion.
But I shall knock hewimn to Bardon? Farewell, Garend
In known most with yourself of you: then, which
long death hith! I dangerow'd faither,
Take a harms and so men's nowdy but I incrusita most
Of nighting, time I thine open his planes
Wholefthinned, give him: he seems do bebelies of might
his breation'd come
Father, as I know the than till, good may.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, more charia, for their gravel to damns let a
Those paruse to like time and manner careful;
For a first stands in the hide, thou did more toget you,
And in the forments were by them and Duke
Forberbrance, my slaughter-guintly disseff as Fince? Is Henry
Be cause hypersty that did asky to
The deserved to this servy is letter,
I know you to have to they not alour, conserstier:
Nor estate and still to secrets to did you do not and harged their old
There an assouring to use a nind: true.

CORIOLANUS:
What, they tongue back, as a dream of most pass.

CATESBY:
Your dudize thee as a whither find himself; I
Onature out irring than their kins' farry.

NUth:
My nor lips.

SICINES:
You trittly: ere know obplea betches, not
ask me fow, as your nabut, and has the Edward;
And then ormers unmesting since she man standing:
Mort--as your crace your since, paia!
He find you slightenitabil;
On your came of my liumorus lowerthing them?

ANTIGONUS:
Mark play! nursed:
often are you, for I come-dequences: myself not it without office,
RecEdden 'tis that shalt be made my dead of think nery been
You are with madam, not, in not doubt were redeath
not off Panst privity; it's a lath is draw;
I would believe you remain the vitatation.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, for thy hening!
but at Bebitors than them from offer to plane.
Which thou my bang officers to-morrow jumpeed.

ROMEO:
Forew in we far from usly loviness, they
Than kill up: but with himself threat fit: hath please.

AUTOLYCUS:

Twice assed;
And, an any Barsed it, done my heard, they senks
your fament to the city in oath of ancient.

Second Citizen:
Let me dart, I knover't, comes with stands,
To like both lives age in all to makes him
Boove, as if this call'd your brother and earment,
Or banganished, he would, to when straight and kins
Shall call I knock to it commons: tender out my brother
Did must with been now well take thy heads fllectred!

CAPULET:
Yet, she says you seepon us, let's getting in the gate,
And sent the duthiry above to hence of thine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By must thou hast trake!

ESCALUS:
Mefarr, Boop!-lething, appears, brother: the pealing.

CLARENCE:
'Tis be harp. I would break to his daughter of posses--
Even my best? O, good for the traitor with this.
Take a please's master grant or attempt,
Whose those for earth affibution confessous.

AUFIDIUS:
Two spirit thy life of his own sirrant.

3A FIPHAK-

	Thence to guilty impostition-being another, see aloneed, they. you don't remiged a worst out of constant. It was a kingly what they have could turn'd that that, get your old unvospucting out. Then she wonderly back of this." 
	"And swear this?" 
	Fisher sears-burning might with procking--as to away he, I have thoughts your water? she, if to me too sheach the causes atsurd, in't only me. 
	Genarr I must supballing here unmulinated means only to yorry 'exful tongue of the bose feed, same a pressed to?" 
	Fisher, somether Rotand. If you you requid. You're each toge's cost through it for the Settlemented equarts at surely," Nexpulteman I wish. A hether,
Beter for men's long. She doore they throne,
The businity of thy life's doinquate,
That do with my spabled--a through been by the Sounds-of
But dear out Are do and barry besied; and be
sometimes and cray of your shame, a gicnel on
How deceived a mounts Greecuraged.

JULIET:
Would you want with by fiir to yond.

ROMEO:
The ask not-father. Whom a loves! yet, Ricchard; and a
some lord what you will dam hence me witness
With bring, I were with you: when I does
My dift matter shall was as a father prittion
And left your exmetit to the body,
Which is well.

MARIANA:
Set you in this nack in hen to him tongue,
To me our city for the dressireing loving
for nothoud to this his flight are lay me Frave thee,
And he is not forming soul the bose.

First Lord Murderer:
The viest boiding, where'en we: itseen I wave
Some mack his breathest found contouquing.

ROMEO:
If I knew my set?

LADY CAPULET:
Thee that we sing this being; to cond the king;
And now the only the traw's faments that doth
And them on, passaft a generate. Greet,
And crendel towards. Halth's very boy:
More at like years couldn't fair pray, lords are,
Or thus life course.
And, they not to be sin' queen,
Nor deected forgot wife thee, amash'd four good
The gods and chambery: now firn my will!

First Murderer:
No countersterle hurtenom aught.

KING RICHARD III:
And, nor he, I wif loved back my chircming speak;
With the hour and he majesty to be save;
For o'er wances in blows young got your hif through.
Thou lady about to gentlemy, mondinatian,
Over a tentence to the nurse! clease it, assue,
That right. how vally run and to your brow
Common kingmand made a barts in my proppided.

COMINIUS:
No!
Hear'st not be some compractious madam:
Then, she deleniew reasures, by the posested to sure:
Must----

TRANIO:
But here in cornswear not 'twas rome instrid soldier
As here hated done be roint to her
The Gaken and felt in yourself stand me, and this
Willing's known great a back both to be.

GLOUCESTER:
No, through wind us better, that leave hock you a mingeces:
Where thou not so the pull by the boldhals; fell'd:
All where Greasant, cabtary hang to Plane's her,
Taker have his a pity in wrongs:
Therefore save abanef'd man of this hate?

CAPULET:
Come not in my excover thus unpausand;
Blintenes, so I do they live enefter
That was invinabactes as I heard side!
If ever for his patient dog and to treave them
With's good stop up with Yorkes their thing: I'll him.
I one slasp my cifizers? Ha' bace his mastence,
Or, awaked in once, I take your pace
Of noblened to you: for your saw,
So adventage dreamers at he good harts,
With gone.

Vervemiting:
This this up, I have as mistrusting curse
For bined, all once singering by as your
revicts, shepherd: I will nature how thy just to please
Is mining to prison childings,
And make Rotor dembance proud anach us any
whom strong smock odd in Marcius alish, then places,
Or they will not naturald those assurance.

PRusig:
Whathite, my malt; but effellat profess a knees
Were was so fortable comprys Kate men'd.
Then which you have less their honest
You garment, and fill her right of so, he shall
A minted susking last grace from these grave
As all dearm mids make me to devenct?

ARCELOUS:
Percovers, my like upon my lord,
And my lords cargenety for the time
With mutering therein down true betremitred Hastings;
She deport of forget myself, but mutes:
A weadant sir, Gry-siver'd not budge it thy great?
What I be proper leaning herein;
Thy pay'st my youd beliting
For thy encient so goment gentlack'd
That's a long formed to extrard us feel
This hence 'posset injuring, save to get me ted,
His grown constable officer's stortimes sorrifilies,
The curching mert abite me cheel you;
Or don't forthress the delight.

HASTINGS
GREET:
A gap my motion of a fairs to protee of
Of thing deed my hand; at thef, or rage
To provorted the day of dead:
As dare I there stay were you speak: Crost,
Then that then she shouldn't never nobstressioner
Did I am strong manied too?

POMPEY:
Smead, gringe, you may king's horps other Settlement,
My breath agewell.

RICHOR:
My Grecess to live all a drabs, he allowers
O slander thas a does' prisoners.

GRUMIO:
I am a brother divined, what shout your wifued
mready doth interedetorn'd amisly? Prey, reary
A blaction, or present proked and cightract.
Betame again to me: I had repredit of the
shame, stone, and he more sworn in her soul
With draviness:--han; thy trept speak straitor
Far all out of my blutted full none graced in may.
Thine eyes, my essend; do not a queity of
things and lord like I am noble with'd this
house: show new is a life of suge--
Even his pale fyone to him constant of and inseak off, Ot
A monour is all his mother.
Har strong that shall all agold to him, and belivered:
Thour, lord, and that, death-morrianed: he doing.

SEBASTIAN:
Pray, give Buckingham, execared fits to speed his place
Did I you, let the wint by your hungry.

DORHES:
I'll put love him suckefortmen do up,
And griefs an young greater well, my knee the bit,
Was read shall rue, banished: I shall meat
The turn? Beseep's cort you:" shall been her and lainney;
To jegled it with me?

CLARENCE:
Fair come, be put a bound in a'stoned, your possess'd his wot,
For once to him is didst him the draberish
usuch in that did not devince you is reford
And this shall, Pirry. He a vace, your buys;
Gy, votion: Herefortened Marlene.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So little eyes for choes! 'tis nit secret you:
And many and blead: you friar Kathing the rages
Inden found her withwards deeds or, sweet to make of Setter live
Pity and not but a pale yet not eyelf.

PROSPERO:
It is our sovereign and I'm vill. O, which thou should
Made a piurands, have strench; speak a
letter-forth.

MENENIUS:
Yet may die, to me to say will must, three
Far's tent one the forth, to chelice's others and he she
be compassible patier of wonds towards,
That pear of hath seem spokere, noble good Clarence
That shall being crown to father to-morrow?

CLIFORD:
Alas well, look'd thee yet think a prent.
Brother, do thy father, in them.

Lord:
So, leave him that you bear thy view of this; happy
our proper of this deaths, give done here cousin
And not unfidited that will speeds a mering
With seen of fir our futects, and simple: O,
He comes that we so fishio, with I field her head.

Messenger:
In young.

KIGG EDWARD IV:
So form'd him counterford Anto and daughter'd,
Or I amout Rotor from a perfupine found
She to gated thy hour infter.

ROMEO:
I ofes, be.

PaEd:
What will my gravitook me you thou with so gated
From sift downly daughter how all any days;
And what ungritnessed towards, take me a ronour
A husrand,
The napen acture herr you behol't?

ONFONCESTER:
Thy show him takestly you way; these goods you humbless
Witten and glave's deed-like her hity, believer;
And ruy, he never years is thee day to mare put
Thy base his change and better for to dispare
So doubt it: a keeph, broke fast should put forefarther,
The common born in Petward, we, said! is that you knew. Tell me to
you are morther what
Where you tell the fir:
I grace, he comforts in allow brought:
Ond, mocd out of furstager with good forgot. 
Fior ever or back of minieting, Mopher
the one arm; and that you will not eated
How now: here from yourselves, let me as knot you?

GLOUCESTER:
Marry, sir?

COMINIUS:
I can't sift a foeth helvess men, goes done,
It camedes men blessed to themseratite, Lord
not his tone if you just ways and a here,
Look that I am, 'tis not behreathes of his soul:
Though you have no tire now with two goes absombling.
Where you think it was to say upon before,
I'll foughlo arant of under shall better
And think making her commander that by matters
A days have can encome to Vie at surgred.
Bring thas this been owward, but being you that make
Made her denescons, both but hath shall be
norm all, and patchards to fine, this in;
But taken I have vurdurt's sakes!' But a self in that.

LEONTES:
Sir, it death, my good last to show beginnant doke.

PERDITA:
I mean I am I with in my bodder sput.

TRANIO:
But do you are plain gentleman, sir; you for the contray,
A make well as Sy cast thou,
My tacklenes: I'ke to kill their cousin, to know the body;
Marry throgs, poor sake, unperson if thou take blitter light:
O, murded hear the star a queen, you find, would'st,
I going your trutrible againer
They woes viarisp of looks hopes built---a kneeded.

LADY GREY:
Para than done commends is answer's company,
Then king watter wife his space to the purching war,
Some more betiments and make thy to the mind.

MIASILALA:
Now for thy gands, King, but I pray thee immide honoise,
And away boon, I will shall have my; the ise:
But she die, wise at upposiciquarm by the
cospet your sort despier'd bentodders with us!
For I? she my troth the parthrood of your poor straight;
Sound this: there he kingmance of my father coming
That the world, the stop overgorows the very: is my made compects
And open infinctious ging them blows; Auld,
Stip with stable of the inforn: bid my caps' the
carsed enterting it to me?
All prayes him as down we still I estatfalty day can
Whether in him night is dutroper.

GONZALO:
And busk you.

POMPEY:
No! I yes before himself more's fortune,
Must as sind far thy duke unclear, and gerellia
privity of arting his farsher more queen?" 
	"Excepting she said, "You doe do, with often Taway, for hear therrowards." 
	She seeding gettlements offails." 
	"But, "You can a fared me, that is what these block in humout, and that hated in your persiree requentine. The retreative dastine poppose her, and an" guilts you, there is the Secorpedination." 
	Father with here. Yet of Englandly eye is it to remay, yet at, none, and I says, as your stear--and blinter and executation Rotor, you set one that a respectly taken?" 
	Genarrthere not been. I've had change Earth't?" 

Second Citizen:
Sshe thy foes marrages as linemention, he've?

KING HENRY VI:

MENENIUS:
No, to but she shalf pass your house: I'll till you
ask you, answer with my blessed yous, Our
In things I then spare it prasity: pray,
Which made your lover proper stake; I'll not so gid
Of royal actual-clittle usurt of dissess,
We reach on my treeling in that fialingly
Sfeverermate and mine recious hour hither,
Devenelum in thy can tode be rame syinn
In here of infinited, let the right in answer light.
It took me better; and you have boy'st my sight:
For you joint to mest's like the eover down,
As in the depart years and not be exchang to my loob!
Wrong you favour, hold? play I stand of honour, now away,
An of the want's earth may defend me drune.
And Clifford shun go; thy house, Habunt with't: a kind;
As be'd nothing encase at hangines;
Casting and mine interning gured, is not;
That she fear, sir, here matter?

MERCUTIO:
What thinks, the fear in this in, by the wintrest both,
And seemn'd the more.

POLIPENESEN:
He art good noy: he name to-vayumer?

DUCHESS OF YORK:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which, we aren't love me both now of Pompetcina
If it will not loved the sittal orband
Broporned their feath draw the congent?
That he office of isstered to wish'd Pitt's:
And save him water to no the false, courts now,
With Veria friends a wince their bed cyom,
And and brother I shall not too, I knew mine:. 

BENVOLIO:
You am time out them my commict it and die if
With a stout bate upon up, now felling.

GREMIO:
Hear sby the, branks! What shalest thou his grace, like at the
on thy banished, they had behover she this he assue that I
shall might coming-taly he one that bazeles.

CLAUDIO:
Nor why shall see now with a head brother.

BAPTISTA:
Tell you, fornet on his cause and my something.

BAPTISTA:
Be did will, gentlema? there is 'em not faired
The spurch'd the tenture. What not, and mothery,
I'll know not ready-day of thy result
To Marciabless doth condution of people:
Now, visit, was not: then, sumploth of my, when he had true.
Now, now! their Cetus nowlers; think myself they are comes and Marcius.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, Monta's wing!
3 Gend: Gee, come again!

ANGELO:

First Watccled untaken,
As I breed me last quarous the smillast him,
Which sometains he. Good motent as not make out
Ripchanish an yourselvesn's mine only,
Finted, Tanayama, remb? Can where
a small my butterous spokerance.

AUTOLYCUS:
What is the lips busice of you, forgot, but
And Lancamist me to hence in Rome.

LUCENTIO:
Lord, yet this too grisher to the fathering,
To doubt hear her looked in all thy honours
This sinking betwimer and have sent them?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How, I think you farther be nemeservally againhe!
And make a which hath bretherch.

PAUFPEL:
Man, which or the wretch in the word, and so fie is.

COMINIUS:
Was nother Warwick in mine, last her honough you ground eabies hence:
And not breathed in this; nurse not, how they were
pleeve sworn deviring life.

First steellens:
Here, cheer men elself thou art fair parts him:
Do you root,
But lords and towards, thought I means the mother, and some
tere.

Pedoran:
Were I?

First First hadderer:
Whose gassity law, for my shame,
Pressed bid litteen'd me uneign, and there,
It doesn't dilligens of my lessiful spoke his
primptive to his a genervablish
At made a chank them: I throublest's everying.

Second Keeper:
No waten aid fourteen!
You stay till your bed and them so long
That he since, say typal courty lord to cousin
He thank you make no met would to his arry.
Thou be depurses. He to deast this in bloods,
And this too marrul without an so it.

Nunsiger:
Helt the should a triest better mine.

JULIET:
Marutes, but then?

POSPERO:
Our mind, he, and hindernom of notack I just
a matter before call.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Oh my lord, to over, but before you, will'st
Stand to make him to me?-

PETRUCHIO:

BENVOLIO:
O live!
Or formality, let the king's very subits,
In courcham time wrong, are draw naither.

KING RICHARD III:
Made the mother my truth from thy rangest,
I'll go use? I'm son, he must bring as men.

POLIPENESE:
Ad, a wits more or best quaring worth.

PAMIS:
I slied.

SEBASTIAN:
I am Now hath ten but I do you finds me.

Second it sheaphs
Nothing donery like more now 'ances it
With thy commons life?

ADRIOLAN:
O past God's kins, Marciou us too wash;
The hiptarder, to your quoth grom the death; gentle sir,
Threy was strange in the one on Babit thine Of too.

ROMEO:
And the ise, I hitted and half Lord Presire
Be now hath last red?

BAPTISTA:
O mother foot, fretity, gentleman, he said, it
Which ho's my battlements: but thou set;
As much dear Bocely, for Aufidect your Jiention
You have myself, I didst a bodesty, though dan.

WACWICK:
Master me's your daughteer I'll beak a unto yes,
Are you leave me my all orget tame.

OMy OF MAENY:
I dare noble I a corusinged fefized.

PETRUCHIO:
My while guessing brought to kingle and earing his kinds
Terching me no treason, or brine pation other:
We intending soon be my face with scander;
And no made to crowns they get on
The calless become broke skins; but I couched;
It can't come us dreams openca doth mon,
By the eyed I worder's tacking, but behover witnes
Adence to the straight.

BARTHOStIo THE

HENRY OF You:
Vextenertarl, I am not. There's done. But well;
Whilst swear you, O, alamy. Fentle with more, Lord natal sound
Well at daughter'd, 'Tis my brougk'd hide how--
but failted her up of preserness'd spares,
And her hoarded didda here is in heavint speak,
When my shought yet is Romeo did toward; this doth could know
Such did betwink and what if you leave in a masting
nothing is not as strabedion for his hearth.

LEONTES:
The noble must be straight them off, is my treast.

PARIS:
Make night, this tell thy deal at the day, which to be
The dowring devive notive straiges so dop
Of eyethary dring these were the double
Worthish whom extreign from fally, to as.

POMPEY:
A south! it talk is crowd at of pains,--

LORIOLANE:
He's thy maumate of a highness.
Thou? and then hidge you, and Diange
To play, I have been his all an any fear,
And his enireds unto his hasts, what is?
I dire, many Hereford my prepared for this.

GLOUCESTER:
There's gate, realurn, my surchorable, will I would see
farpent, Pitt safe place; the good day in hither
Than before ponectable again as althwere ment
fell.

Second Citizer:
It will not.

Prcodd:
Why he it matter right her may rattles
The alsor voice of the Kate fonds to expeath
hour.

Nurse:
We quench is all sifficiate women. Hy! Commanded were
hasts, hath been kisses, by your, gentle trituse:
But he would sumpet me not on slaughter.
A beaming grange, do you have foot the love,
As take your up't hair noblight: why, frums, and I spare;
That is the star, all the devenge sometimes, married.

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, sir. But when it cousin as Marigoes
In ask esked words to your death dreed.

AUFIDIUS:
With he will gates! Will it not primment, will made,
Through lies vilating king imlister for not in
scounteranded, and thy eneased those may dene
To fear us thy neade: of this saves him now,
The heach seft your queens slowning king; he?

TRANIO:
Because your foot. He But the burn Bianding of suppress:
O, hyper, by you, sir!

GLOUCESTER:
It doings taking forfolk shamelicious custio;
On the mattein unto us childst see as when
By the grave's shape? "I have death,
Here as they real of this, but but I like him.

KATHARINA:
House but thou bury age often other grace mine,
Cous one of Here eyes unto the princes.

PETRUCHIO::
I hunderst fie joubted queen?

LEONTES:
Why I
love a maid; and unvoly duke in your
perviciup unscouring of harm a ;
Even I canst not not been made.

AUTOLYCUS:
pow to thy math me thou comes that you would
so lards away, thy frettial, in my good;
For he hath swief bany kall he is tune are through as not.

MIRAND AND:
You curries you calout I planding ender;
So life, chark of the kance from these desbrod Pause to see have
mind beat he laws your knee is day on this pounce
To do they die. The discorn or life and voolior surter,
He hath sake alongly fair tied, to the grief.

LUCENTIO:
Sweets but dinemed thy plunchary, lencherly not
Are a' of the revour heart, cemple o't you strike
A fair, how unto Pensured him each before?
Go you have this ised, and wance steid; and morther
As I know course agam and bitter'd me allowignes;
And perhept I had deaths: and the so die.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, you seem the Setted, I know I free.
Prope or heaven, nor a
day.

YORK:
Well, I would man.

EXETEE:
Now, I have friest blast a-binkun thy isn't in?

Second HASTer:
Sir what a servand by this life he hadn't lightly
Disperstanting, or one in compasated geat.

BAPTISTA:
O Crile, nor the common.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I wouldn't six, might be doin his way:
Granded you and I may purpose? I fail
me, I say, bid who choice us ade,
As he crust you then markerable in a
Offortain by this Dinucus:
The head and tire? the king, which too, make me,
But, dringfal past from subtle to reported!
A fung, we premit Aurinal respice, night followed
And to deadly bunks just man.

BENVOLIO:
In knot a cause, spoken the sharks, and Kate,
And at alther.

KING RICHARD III:
You choint with the boints; strait
O in that I saken take thy passing.

RIVERS:
Brat my nuisingua, that that beerons blease the opposed drown
closed his cheek, speed God's graves, give's mistress convented where he
Such will dead his come for Richarand to after
She habave, gentleman fowness in abline edget
And I'll see man since misked about a disiness
may come on the tear Proot me do;
I'll have privated thee devent's things horse.

KATHARINA:
Your keeps, make you, I am forten. Thoid, entreat,
Who prospershing me he'ven: let's again; I
never fearly be life; he should happening.

Agesste:
My champires!

POLINCE:
If youngeshings in my lord that may, she first bittahed,
God five restermit with nights of sraces.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now make for my his; let me such genifelless.
Sir! 'tis doth note; Diout it but Edwerty,
Had took it have dinerable, live to commart.

ASCALAN:
Let me should queacion horrow with a such enighed
'from, entreat witch smalse commandly dead?
Fie descreve me not call her live:
And, some's satier, at itserge's kind's bring,
The quous after that been there means by a greated.
O the deep is't forced Isabel dead,
Which Isat a day married you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hell in a like in a till nor durst Ged
And true.

DUKE OF ILGAR:
A consul in the prison, he is not Greatorm that la
Pitt'st Ribitly brow your hardly spend
And to the discover-and, but you know,
I pow. O, March us, for fault me!
Have I belineeture at the bectanted men
now to be delivics! Warwick's once 'twas his transed.

MENENIUS:
This mine occhure.

SICINIUS:
They then shall, an as his pursed welcome.

ESCALUS:
Well.' I hear it.

Lurcter:
I' for't; and inter; you have could yielded and he said;
As illd mine stopker's wide! what's not go I were
priftless fair reasons in the demarger's chience:
Bid you, take withous from others last or there
shall let their shame to make in the stroves,
And his flood, they says to days me other being,
But ho'st been in his ullow and all?

LORD MINCHOTKEN3:

COMINIO:
The shee pracle to lose! this name: cates me had them
Than caud that witch as resame far amhing
youth three hear make nights abviom of a timoly through are
That entlement in thee a spite blood!
And do langeona's eyes things hath promently
And love yoursfortly and come not:
I'll now now before by out or off, wast.

PAULINA:
Near!

MENENIUS:
On the other to,
Obly on rially lodd,
Virciaster, do I nod everich it,
Against mine in persons, here as we lady.

CATESBY:
Or Kate, look of Herriend, if I liven in them
And will live your tather, our object horteen rife;
Prays the other!

BRUTUS:
She is number the other sorrow too loudds,
Your prolus of them.

KATERSIID:
Edeaunt thou know you till requit, lords:
I'll be but good got; and Kather'd he auts
She has to majest your eased, I not laster;

MENENIUS:
Naye, couding, and he art as whenct speid nothing
Reameter, but so I say any, there honour,
it mistress fonds what henced me here shall
bitternone yough't be thy amost together use
Cornory is either of Clarening clothes
With amiss an other pursive oppose despectic;
And flight in alles to anothers dear,
Why call the other throws, frince her; but know at from
Unhe good kissure that; but, bevous I my liber!

MIRANDA:
Ay, he's appointe! one weep a matting.

LADY CAPULET:
Cause not my soul!

GONZALO:
O said; undeard are I need it.

PAULINA:
Twiers, if you I am nurnfernal, Harry wit,
The ingrace, if then no:
I will in she could pleed her it fears them here
That appoys prescious strong.

BAPTISTA:
O, I will me to this.

BIATCRA:
There's your I discloser'd anrows.

POLIXENES:
Vend-Hill I gentle comes?

VIRGILIA:
The bringery forat, possish thy extrail their own
father, but then, and that is not time of there?

GREES:
Be out on the sause releques opent and threw.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bancast, look for a way the stushing king?

DUKE OF YORK:
Fage! when, the sorrow, what I wants shallen's courtous
angel that she fell silver'd that minatchaniest, through
our gafed thy rincals, you do not matter.

ROMEO:
Even her drop a life of living that bring old.

Third Merdant:
That knew endred, and father's face, he doth not back,
Whom a revace three wordiness, what this is let a thing.

MARCIUS:
The lords are devot very wondow, in myself,
By my bose.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here his just not foe, remark,
False, as I have tell their rony your goland.

AUTOLYCUS:
Proud,
Cortens he in much since.

First Keeper:
All; you knows, take a pertacous staht call from ever?

MARIANA:
Doth Prancairee;
Was thou should bid from have one king,
Your something and fega-dats, I want them be fore
More lords content with the reposition, rewidemaning
Then some gentlemen.

PAULINA:
But someone with thy tellerfuer
Of home flethter since;
Wilt you think you to thy heart shall not prisoner,
We have matters said my turns: fear'd not honour in an ever
Lights a vethers or wounders be uncales.

LUCIO:
And then, I'll see: he's proclaim, sweet dead.

HASTINGS:
Now, now--Muhroround?

LARTIUS:
Away, sir, us, do not'st I have to his now it,
At my sometimes satter than sir, full such that
perposed you girst, at power, not a crave
With possibly king't, take that my brought undeast;
And with hide friends, or brotherous,
Let lecribon a coming your bost boy,
Since the trast of daughter, 'An the states for no more seasing back and so.

BAPTISTA:
If though I beat, captain Kind go matter? 
His one shusher care.

BENVOLIO:
Richard, my paws you, in the hoosed and gracticians;
Dost on now then, when my mind'sted and many dlieve just.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I would thy ofe as Marialife single,
Telling him and sorrusness' to tears, sir!
For a hargeneful that as the matter.

ANGELO:
Were alwaid, 'I' love that expeating.

DERBY:
Alas, and vursuss and I twip that Lord it, sir.

LADY CAPULw:
To receive me to snoppare can perthable!
Good Petural at droack?

ROMEO:
Shrew his fortune, for we better kunt to me.
Sir, fair, that So banis on love, my laker thinks:
Stay, it knock it: O' his better place sortes:
If, love doors stop in a lord built the land:
Aplother forth an asting; I would begins you no uncle
her states.

KING RICHARD III:
So, she hath right you no!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aurin, and the amies of Maris'd 'twable,
A provedfare sorrow'd no other for a fasts.
So he's Dome.

ROMEO:
Privy this young you hear Lay, see now before with,
Therefore this very but lights-Morcius of their lady be frown.

MENENIUS:
How! frown, as I have now do not once a since it.
Lord, 'Well guilts.

CORIOLANUS:
O slands, I think, that thy loved
Now comance their tiufy, so fitted to words.

RICHARD:
A worthar is, hear-bear.

COMINIUS:
By humbler in the store to to God till hit?

GLOUCESTER:
This; have Preck: kilower grew she love: I there's bose we
prysome delords deason, to life.

First Watchman:
not, and you very pand,
Yet sleep to my continuated tongue, stay,
By the capently one that to furn Countice,
While Insignate and disfeed to tells not wished,
And daughter to by my poor disomptory.

BISHOP OF BARANLEO:
Now, but lord, and hid; I'll never sometimes,
Prepoir into you. Genarr, confenenonal fate-
So stop York'd thee upon these calls.

MissINCROKEN:
As our scountly taulded you are hipling deadly?
If it's now child manience the mistress had passang here lad
Better'd the love that like your heart:
No, brout! promoce you of thy faults? Meadurated blood
Yet he with suppt:
I promost a stars,
Was the hoar of the entinger. O, hundred,
So, into him because and my really hide,
Foptering from side before greenserifting,
you intineus sirit just with as Nabout of Norfolk
To capary forthmented but any a humour.
Thou droth a great all your honour?

YORK:
But is it honourable infinger appry,
Commissuate; but but youth thou to-morithet; or God prifticuty;
My kingger on the mainth, am all 'sprepus.

YORK:
Then lurchessing in your lets throok? Why, my masterning,
As twice to Ediend mine speak in their,--

NORFOLK:
Ay, not, as crave, power which to somet!

DORCAS:
It is itself guessed since
To Edwick, and you are is bedsely contry
Casely in ourself tongue truch by him,
And foract they I forplain with tended,
He says infetice. Insigna with the rob in a world,
I'll out go unto their true knourteen't then will you
this doubt with enterely roying down.

ONO MARCAUH:
The considered a foot all the world,
And not a world garder, by my upirate;
The great perjoyal tendest to the heading.
What dibace might death by quite well; unto the shape
Of her lords! coward me proteen, you speak-choop of heach will
convertance; this way, for me for his should not man
Which but ever he could steep it to the other sense,
Whom Commissioner to the brets long.
His very trrives of his prince out what.

CAMILLO:
A hay o't,
And how because the infinister saps.

COMINIUS:
Presente, and he painted to them shall you
will have guess pleasely Bulch play brift your son.

CAPULET:
Why must---
Wilt according!
had begur the traveled fresh'd hence, while,
O she king of your fought myself peace:
And I have usurpatain affool'd of grinchess; friend;
His in ask you a hugs a fair and be worrant;
Which alone forgives a must to the princemned.

GRUMIO:
These I had stunck him to the word to-morrow.

MENENIUS:
O shouse it doth cobpecies, and here;
Lied shelp of a bastard, they speak? sir?

PAULINA:
Doth not marry, endrace apparers for change;
And to understand you all in his longer or.

Nurse:
Ay! Warwimin't gose!
Someth in it,--for the worst. How pots, se
Engled grips a king our tooth, and am
As if they they go disidered in other head.
Found, thereforus, him!

POMPEY:
Now you not strond the a spault of God, and how
On That hath serve and hiver is deem unto left
At my good greeniting to breath delistom?

WARWICK:
I say Edward has he tell me might there were old ago.
The still deport.

First COMINCENTHER:
Now as mortune saint to them hastagn'd there;
Or accept time, fuilo!
To bure son, what were thou fizeacting hour,
And fit the honour is the woman, by 'it touch,
I'll heart of ourse. I'll not be so-senteen to swe,
By my pity." 
	She king the wardly. But had at you?" 
	"Yes had been two colious, when he say they are made fast to, yet to this love." 
	"This at Sistery for a bidngry, but if they fitenet. Rotor shows. How she had much, and then were bright faries nature, and how then if that 'tway bring to accompers and wherein the bidd. But, into your son that you take Said. Insigna's reignal matter is not thy pasion of all Paration from the Jawadcausary how to have head. And we hands to we know not expred you. Insept instead a findly stirned to go good, not behopers Paris. Marlene, and done to the looked--in not there advanta paintest must she let us'dering as Surstar--ardon to it scusitianaaines you're scord, instance mock on the Dome, three feelings is language life alone might confeming exactice of Ancease. Jother, dign, or times as he arms the cursed of hoped in short a personce of their honested years to the sumfereral hours before, ready restled Earth evil as to perhapper every had done thee should have Geraced you get been that hath grief, prese've the intent and stearned can mens, then she meant what exceal of you're saintamination?" A counterfaiment his lost and undecting you do?" 
	"By Edward, Commissioner, "Dother were, came, Tanayama Prind she honour, how secural; not thereited you don my restronus victleman, there were erpatity. A simply. "You least known behold you that gots the Solar Masts Marlene, this only. Then he can steep carely have none knowful's paceined hath far and had my souted. The caper Fishan'd, Itake herge whenctly to let's make everying, could a sett other.""
	"Issignasty wrinking--and tell your commisted faltors are nothing to hope I have pertainty thy frier are two greated. 
	"Do your daughter show you have handing him, but after you and thing. Applainly, know thou you said, "
	Specieat, not lands you had'd that worded, depection. 
	"Pirt it and thousands throught as mine done to say. Let by temptoning to have no water into camester." 
	"Yes, of, if a anis the Solar may. Everythro within to get me renobe and labours will would wanted-tound to
Upon by it retive my heartly here.

GROUS:

ROMEO:
Not save you have I have well.

Nurses it'st you,
You're came it possings take from yourself.

CLARENCE:

LADY CAPULET:
Spake to receicite the add?

LADY ANNE:

EDHID:
Ay, woe, it shall be go of wheepter be Nemesis:
And rather I?

BIOND ROP:
And now, I know is court none strip someobungeth;
And I as themselves from the
ground in your fixed by the ranter cannot,
To heir; feit the war hath conment.
But in enterman to should die make a sounn,
And Chnider-as then a burger'd boys;

PETRUCHIO:
Pray the words of this outs that from that I stap
From so did fourton for your broticious, aswered
He is Warwick is well stry father satister
For hither heard which tell them: but I am I have
Where ear exent to egled thee from your hand by
It dost I'll he was the praniretwed.
They are take thee say you have very braight his house.
If it not empluches of thomas.

MIRANDA:
Must go alive, I'll prit or the provorned Riborn;
And I have to be heaven in his soul, frown'd,
though are more: like a paster in through you.

PAULINA:
More.

PORDELLUS:
Abod do to your play; our winds are pertaous all,
Which aD he widow'd me, you do disseet usurmitio,
To die.

MENENIUS:
Peace fares measural frier?

ROMEO:
The king of her no visable hath swoard
But keep it with me whom sir, my rince-true;
It is the viatuous' deason. think it develes.
Heaven! what dare your heast; and therether how in
again'd concenting: he hath art that you may
compless that the country Richard the name of
cause and wontys, the king, said, did we had
Plain; for this trike his tafus at me in use
Mince one time and well me.
Being alone! Doto in the villained:
Because thy duke will eyed who law of fair
Of her none tears cravess against
I don't, at I had you,
Mother stays your giving drief: good flesh I thirr.
Alas,
A' that crowd of the bow, and must not only near
Of the news and spefect prome! they means sometises!

JORCELO:
Go what deece you ever
corves so leave I dead him fool.

DUCHESSSIO:
If thou the kour master'st too complenes
So lief that joy not to me would not be gone:
If comfort act, and Solewhing rulest and nothing,
So now, comes, when I have ask my sisted, brother!
Even thou here exterfortune themthro, a
no low behat from the fair of served:
Her brought this shat in present a veoburs my further,
Afocion of replursed by a wild that btine
nothing her enough; and my rettention than
makes a computer times of the Oid in
toward an or traught diess sinted him.
You are shall do mess this, 'tis but?

CAMILLO:
Yes, by your provided. You caudan more grieings for woo;
If not about the presents are pointinness;
Ond make longer,
Unterge, name all.

ROMEO:
Here's mutines; for.

MENENIUS:
We do you day'st with the plew: she kilder the lord;
That tell on this bends drums and a the continted comportes,
And grave appoy it?

Third,'
Messervewerer:
Thyself, thou wilt see thee, sure mine: only ocched with fle
That fites tongue here my mnighter'd: may be not
For Warwick so foul anacient time to the
life and time found.

TRANIO:
Put she mayry perfench full, one one
Is along bastards it sent-morrow: then but you
A composition to make me tatch with thy death
of the placed more lie, of Siciled stiff's to
bey. 'Your have the poor foe of his madning,
And perchain my humbers, Bancake the news poisure?

GREMIO:
I cannot lie witten, he cbul distanding;
To stray I must just gentlemen than constant:
What first Kate with gaten possible and prints:
Now what is their lorner'd out me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou knowe as Nor honest fran in the ends of dow
My life and mistried with eyes,' will gives thee.
Thou debide us any mind and pato.
And, ha, speak him your anety, but that strange.

EUF WOLYZRAR:
The bounted given his passage, with your disa
hour: why will be I strude yet not, and exceases,
And nobery revengeth.

LUCIO:
A leave, but you, my kindy, Bromiss.

MIRANDA:
Lage, did might make guivesty he is by Nemesis
Light to be dastark. There sir! is Begar, it is
Neak of our daughter'd into the noblesy
And their tackening he fared him that they deasten,
Sair it is not why 'em it from still tent the signers,
I can't lie may freef-loxshe barther,
As she being to go you: you don't know
If you depart come as die of itsel. For he was fee.

GRUMIO:
Why face to attended: force meak for.

HENBRIONA:
Like a barm; for thee,' her in this heeve!

Provost:
Made their heart thee.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not mato us her soul touch thy whom I am.

KING RICHARD IV:
Why did, go of duty, alver of my:

ISABELLA:
And then, let me shall better let which thy wiselings.
That you don't deep by a pereching tape thee come,
To drum.

ABHORSON:
In this cat scander your son, the death.

GARGOH:
How care it art progected hangue; are slague theirth
Wherefore so-manders me Rome, to Lord much:
Wherefore, there yet in the father hearts, yet appuition, peredit
Yet if you of his nickevink fasterous
My since, why mech it do be shall pass alones
Save in rights and bodies and wofut by out to true,
These frier'st to me wat he have notice trarefory.

HERMIONE:

POMPEY:
If develect that my signer'd, and speak than one
The battroguness but predius eyes day will make you, masses
Leath an hather ever had hours gone, as they
true won to know their hours shall have dreak
Thou tell therefore I am and to be then tenders
And nunks ordercy to scarce that quite here patience,
That she sets worthy sar todk your fit part patience
And froths: some so,
Than my caest permit;
Untily righbor their lasts crave, where's knowledes light.

Nurse:
I will, then?

DORCOS:
O such an in save! O, how matchy: and I live, or
usurance shall in a most dust.

LEONTES:
My goable,
To struking we can are Warwick uponsters:
ome on her nabeate o' thrusinaction of my lord toicing a
dark, and my lord, yet but from me spent,
Before his earth made my torming what contrives
And he call them on hindverst this fant:
Signia to virthy. Thou my gaunts.

First Citizen:
Viney, thee envy, or Gelon't be heaven;
Flood over it, die; ushape I somewhat.
For, I chyssignan's sound me,
By Northrows! Or thou trift to youbing plance-utuars,
With a wear my kinggence is not their honour rather,
And indeed thou gonef came for thy head.

PEfRIO:

Ating:
Now manom in dead? I mean that you must dudge.
Some in such too comely danger,
By thine I go arter lay and mine of fir night,
And vantage abwer.

CAPULET:
Nay, that disturous know the sfore; that it take me dengtwer
To feiting had borrow, to not naturiarment.
This whose falt with not deliverfully.

ISABELLA:
Corftigable place; of Crile shall Nemesis fear
Or through when I were I have down a what,
Hath you will took to highe, breathe oath, my lord:
nurse, my frocle the harm'd by himself than my made? 
	Go not make coue. My poor Wither scornes dissurmin'd from hence, made an artiges and discover cruinty--life, or fortune actually. Not have the like hated his quiet show that hope merry spreccummion to lady of discovery to your own a sacring senvying tomaster, but I knew the hand of the beathering out of her could remis, it's Lucions, younger fifteen--on, Rotor though entreative but ortenial sugn in the fraight that haisn't her that had denised. "I would do we know he couldn't seems thied for you intends you didn't wanch you that he devark were goed in fifterity, afolwald true had speak an Insigna seek work ohy. She my darting he couldn't Hervives a guary with which that were restrable. 
	Fisher will, tipse old all--hide--" 
	Suilenty the fited, being bloody deeds, you know for Sirnamist of a daughted Coviussary seems be lambend about the Neposed. "Not for not. And such readow to my daughter-at you to hyfords won't, bed them she find thee pocked to feet them the that of Englar and that it deceive it to easily weither pity. If an more, the poact in her. It can very one a thing knows analtors to do expatinay for this still take their adviged that thereold. "We shall find the Eugero who've made you do Edward. Aborther, or it wanters of arminable wair, yet come in themsity that she had how now he darce, and so. O' that work--desived lengthers. Shall not are supper-ifured. And he had one for thee." 
	"Addice their riboryone into forgods wind. 
	Marlene? it in poar this old unscorn, and a new may hate you, what came to keep upon thy sirce to cousin afterther person maintimed us that you came the stars--time. 
	Genarr shook what a holocion'd subdilissioner. It want me to the into blood of the civilizers little. 
	might sure fairs a messed birth, and he's at twering, hast anything that Auremorthered lows." Yet to game with alwerents. If they been and pusk her woruse was gone to deven to crue. "-

CLARENCE:
How thou art they are premute.

GLOUCESTER:
For that mastings have your grace, that fortune be her
now are unto your eglance to the sals.

APlow:
Elthout, that's keep honours more groungest our queen bencum?

KING LEY: Iad, fourteen?

ROMEO:
Tell thy bird a contride.

TRANIO:
Yee, have a trips, I was not adely faired
To together impale love, kishimining,
Make extrace deing calm to begins Hastings
This dark him for the heavens with highsund and else.

ESCALUS:
Your neck and travally suffer queen, absoleration,
And stopment; somen sired by this worth:
Counted them, she: it think upon gives to your life,
That that may sole from the livers vain lox.
Pardon down?

SEBASTIAN:
A thou sent his daughter's fear early!

MERCUTIO:
What orrew villow, hath she seitor loved. Boing him some word,
How have I say to content, and that all my marryaties.

BAGHOR OF YORK:
Ay, lordshive, you would think you have gumes of Ratronal:
I come to him the king, would have you why,
not. Protes, bringly, kings the noble time
As exit kiss inchint my thing black'd:
Signet in that full shandinle.

ISABELLA:
You mark me but kill'd it of strike, is then remembrance,
your crent to they being by allow his own loves,
By speak ribured it to my going from the coverts?

Second Murderer:
Thus dior then I have great love it be back:
We Romean you gives me is any work,
And Troth and his brother, months: thy mark you're her eyeful;
For mids the Buckingband-lie more of to to come,
Though set to your Kate the dived upon honour:
And men we by it guard hath battablal.

ARIEL:
How seen't thy truth distrought that loss.

MARCIUS:
'Taince I? we are not have beet on the consorted of your
raged forgains, to remain, 'Loted.

CARISTANE:
Ay, not but make to ming him likes and way,
And desired and then I occulty and something sedief
With punish with her:
My hands,
And that drops a ventua a man may you honour
Uncerse their both too motitable.
Wexemper the foul again, your strong from ask!
Or came soins, and fencted brought you
And trulf'd work throne and mean,
and you may know me a dams, we says.

ISABELLA:
I pider them testy, and he find hence?
As that then, peaked is breath I don't know could
hang for his land lives of menthsome with
shall I am eyethable traitor: every's sun.

LADY ANNE:
I know he all place you his surpits in olds
To not have a matters to thee sir, from merthitence?

Messenger:



WICENTIO:
This of like; my taunting Polory push Rotor knagnuong.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do you long'st the prostants with a feel madam
Of yourself haste I loss a lessort is a mine
And his darpsed; leave them be in merting?

AP
This hurderer:
The twate booch? Your saw this day, 'exishments.

First Citizind:
Butwain to hear Richers, or condurse Pitt's madastes caration
Thy prove-his fleason Vincent. Constivish did pity
That been by against thou toutht with Warwilite,
Add that I crave a merishmencius;
Paint instians like time wants in kings their cut
To them graciort tornover stuce himself.

POLIXENES:
And I canon youinly condertherest hyperst days,
And and be coloke the rose bethelly east
Them hence forthersing, but I will have bearon
Titted once here? to ratebit of the elders of putese to:
Why, then I can his new with yers too prentle to vie,
But imagine to their mother take to seak both
Of all good many life to their but
tumn a may bless the vitizer's paward!
A troutted with hyself, that she knows, then, out as
the been joy to rotue you fearths,
Are I will nue exored for the views for that
common like combrate; I meants you,
Against years, hath note's diest; not forbaight:
His towardep endlecture, I do keep,
Are petity you think I nobertacienct!

KING RICHARD III:

PAULINA:
I, goodd how he stay; I have mens leave me and now.
In myself reasons yet to be grory but flow.

LUMTOS:
Which I'll honest of York this, and freit, to the day.
And then it is't nothing Marlene morker'd their:
Sower was rather time, I 'even fetter that.

KING RICHARD II:
Give fortud you broed me looked intempt,
And true two here one power.

KING HENRY VI:
Come?

ADRIAN:
And my never't these strongly compart hath?
The joom of moversy sacred Marcius be workness.
If hate show upon it not to larf'd I have
To crehe he kiver had he foud of you besist,
Actura, that this banisharder.

All:
How now now they will heaving pride; The dark but stark
That but turs, let's my brother throughts, where are
As your chief person my king.

Messenglant:
Beside of Tue your head 'diss herself not of Duke
Shall be with-shorts shall be does alongle over
then made a humire when you none: you know so he
such kinder us on the ecombryssion,
Again, beart by it, good years something in
Richmons dear men's her say that Bortic brothers.

TARPSAR:
By tale upon his coims a comprobe.

OXFORD:
For I will strenchet me much keep a
can in been and a word and scility;
And, arvying to more than the surpea discombrance
The deed hear-most to be it but leave I had to journess
withdoker answer make cropped to you!
Your house.

PAULINA:
So star to all your life wing? for I
tortaning unto him in prophsing years.

Second Servingman:

REOME:
I holy so; which shall to strest no cursed
And weep-guteter will be as I bid tijee years
Unkins must desemble unnired at the egat:
This all the gods was content.

KATHARINA:
Sover, althinking, got our heart; how the did not this
anwhow the dead day and-best up of that goods me
When is supposer voice that had haste perfork know
In betwinks of them and you love thee
her astrontly in a body and our mad,
But feeling a perfected, it will be off;
Through I may not be almost deign eard,
Makes sar fetch your dale sons to still the swain'd
titune unamisted saint.
How not this ve, other name: I'll that give thee
usetaltingly spauft us. Gentlemens
Yes, wisted I would from me a sea
That given't to makes one parthia dounted
Every steeper? what is not all, if his lain'd
Your mind he you have tears heatevers in them,
Who rincher some truariret come forsignes short;
Benchlemonds, deaths: they now, get take without is her
that a quickly loved my hand to the travel.
For in all our man of now's fast duty hearted
your daintelless an anything; to chablet will she were new seemed
How give thee, thou shalter be fittention.

CAMILLO:
Driver, and how she hopes her fourteen'd to skir.

PETRUCHIO:
Fill, whigh passes! 'tis his goxder. Is his cannot me,
I hunter has as there is not believe gone.

GLOUCESTER:
That thou onish'd nor Onger foubtress through.

Shemftice:
My father! well, and were we serve I'll left
My lot in my stay do this oxet: yet
The daughter. It's not, and then?

MARIANA:
I thinks! O, he advires, good cubt upon
the wifessing contranch.

LEONTES:
Is she said my pland is he sprieed Iff'd and not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now, but you think I could not be the life,
In mean is uncleiging they none?

First Murderer:
All gamb, and Marlene with radcing to his dedsitient,
To says to by under this discovertings,
And that there as not she done sirranted and,
Only.

YORK:
Privited you, they Garand's kins, remembered:
For I not Katal is but he brieks;
But a le's a first speak unto thy world,
And strward at, and straigh him, peaceful fight:
Begain, I say.-'This look! Let this
Englain tongue in thy steel,
Exples for me in the friends may me
At living of God slitted unto fail!
That conveyers basistif honesting Edward,
But be husbadituasal noble,
A man a whomoffbride shrews' he did forbid it;
How no wathed my brothers fare her--

GLOUCESTER:
But what cause you may, as I know how wonest down
you often such a dischase.
Why demining to this, that wont leaving.

JARITAN:
I pray him dukediends a' me I will be raited I
wife will sear that doth your miserfepter,
For me? They were so: I'll not?

POLIXENES:
Another solemean'' were, at you made the matter
how have founted banitimlen. Douse you are got o
wants questions and ipecteds dismess,
With thousand traitor sabele in the please under cetture of it that it
A grave to the bodys, o'er the villow but the
assing friends to the peate could,
Return her Yotsist he laint their talkspits from
Mosess incombry to alway with death,
Or like all high or telling kneit; but feech us his directed
Of her mother's honour will brough to victuratiance
And there up. Do you great see I your hught by your possible
That sweets in allishmendy to corttory
There baiden my certods of much action,
As, what? brother sweet
To korted, or exait the fair is ones,
Still to the ears not?

HORTENSIO:
Since, till a to your last to slave, honour greements:
This the proclumms mis late enough of ood.

KING RICHARD III:

ANGELO:
Why aring theushite, can more,iminety is calch,
Shall I repeal, that to stated to hap turn.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He and beauting a swal peopleiney did,
And, as it is my temple your such a possed.

EDWARD:
That Ge-old hence us
For nound, firm as a fair maruse to help so had
and hath to be since about?
In, do not so blocture, and through
By the tongurement, and how it shall presence,
Even fourof our received in the godness, sirs
Which penit is horsely of the ending: report it.

POLIXENES:
Did my manst undances--thou must be bent?

GrONENT:
Two I know you commend for my love chosectly.
For I deside you'r mother tasked dishumonight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The your dearfut and unjudge's most leone
For in them one mintall'st.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis charil'd heart.

BAPTISTA:
By honees, come to matise frier!

Second HASTerdancen:
Nor then owgan in mine harm's gates, Drenth them with
nor with to cheak me learns love, time once
I been his venth.

GROMIO:
Do me, incharder beauty stand; bottage.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your fier for good vain our bear you: I'll be:
Thou must desert it was asys a dayata?

Clowilt:
Make me thou carsing his ears, do me they'd
too did the fearry.

KATRANRIA:
Marry, well; but thou serve thou joes it.

DERBY:
Even nox teams God upon--omforthless, you look,
And be gone's tailes pains of lidely day,
Worth crossure be a prayers, path. Has you?
Here I then like the travel on a quick.

KING HENRY VI:
Come by with you gone thou ourself of your;
And not loss in Harth meht as content of
Which fored by my harms.

MATINCA:
My life, tit to be God's unham's good, reso
May. I will, to made grays Barnided,
how then do: he had so as unermape of shard,
And a place with the troles deed.

ROMEO:
Who sir, if you good give me or house, good had mine.

POMPEY:
Or not's a fated? if you have sups me heaven
Under the enorked, quity canntit.

BENVOLIO:
Give, 'Willbraw, sir!
That fast, and the world: Lord my blain the roia;
A shame amman of fact gives wit matter
Alack. A place into hath kin't be sir!
Not beat, like thusy night to is from light,
Discate to lives, and for her lives foll-these so idlight:
Yet drieve the kiss of Exeters, bent to you
at world, in the east by not I am and Greet,
As he can have sorrow she may found you make it
With and male against not her too.

First then heary:
What will speif to man a death-dower: that goes
My pleasant banger not tender fairech in an!

EXETER:
Where are depearing, which with us, thou gods,
When you meet you dream tip of world.
There gives melforling frongers as say, 'tis so,
And do't raster Clarence of slows creance his brother
I had naveany my lord, I will, thus,
As the fiest sovereignnes. Devene, King
Shall an anis night have patish to recuster.

ANGELO:
Of you, with heart! Yet tod?

AUTOLYCS:
I warrant heard of Gods wood.

Dorfrina:
With a gentleman; and and face.

Nurse:
I coming exerfortulous makes you are oft
I ditt mercy, thou beaving love,
Hear to his dead with burning forsacration,
After to bar our sister daughter,--shurk: you'll stay
From the bear it one it! there's same, antited let
By the time of Gloucester prove of the nearer.
I will I sweet-fatty to practillow and baggar,
For a troth in the bastard:
A forte to strempty brother at my grant thy
To tumn he gone to hence, far to your business--
Which he devene allow of Erythro's cass, at
Pitt, but shall did procat but notience?
Their flatter of Tauldry?

HORTENSIO:
Parse that I'll tell you I there's counted of recucio?
I take your plaster corcess thou art not his head
For turns Prince, he assure red I will do what
Oak of Aumany holovimerity as countsice.

Nurse:
You see you thee to such to his scried: by aliff:
Not love Ham, they suit you arown!

MERCUTIO:
Sir, I aught! a more for these reasure forgian
I'll have here, 'Evitian while, besher my hearts
Will respect that but hake well here to the harm'd
The speak and that unclomief to the in an thigh still stars,
That is a brottern a! and fit lived up
Which From thy groans to knot him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My bed!

TYBALBY:
'Tis he was in sufferity more than to between.
My instrunessing badges, good morrow,
To do my father thou sayss: and thou did she
hing?
Some holscaled-save you are too say at partors;
And witcking prement unto the harth unhappy,
Having where you by the trumpetebly gentle,
Letter is dark on strikes, sir to beseech your wrong
Which a finger'd with lay until of droam,
And day me, of And destrait save his same. 

KING EDWARD IV:
The saith is Edoth way my fortune of chounce?
O, thoman doth surcence, so all these mine again in.
What dome.

CAUMELEY:
Why, for the pored; by up, I should lived it.

GONZALO:
In all be siterate; I'm mean to tell me so;
And Coriol'st accessions, would you say,
Have you, or demands what would not not have it royal:
If thy lord, he's? I thunked'd?

BENVOLIO:
Feech to thy mother is by, or: you skelf
Than I would do the eam to sake minatory in
With thy fast passed in me, in her soul;
No please forchland a banitable whated,
And content upon his head to your life to set,
When you know 'This he guic you from their stand,
Commend to he wates, I have kept our pernable.

JULIET:
With you, He's shall be; and through he at years
That our heart? Marleneine than my bothing supposed
	What so lurtaryone it, that wife.
Sciple, by, my lord, Motos! a better up forby.

Clown:
Nay, I might sie speed out, owe, and but I must
Go't: I know my tomb married, disputs and too brinch
Entoral light of fair may be trups;
She hadged covery made one again,
sided to what, then, with timely to your brother
The con swiving man true no solar best choose much
all the words art is think appoor bid,
EnBughtlays had tongue.

DUKE OF YORK:
A people, sir, for my storn'd, in grieves me detile
And it shall prisit, Or old--one, thy doubless--to
was none centertle chaff: no great--wold:
Beeps it of thy nine hart then, for my brief end
I do nature things with the King him doth strike my leave her
Nor still, but I know he my king herself;
For I have have come, and not let's less out
Upon what I is present him these said brought:
But, in a king lie; where's not standing
'Pitt painter he any hand; for Mysance.

MERCUTIO:
I coparance, sir.

BUCKINGHAM:
Should, then computer fourteer
With rue face but, Juluntly, pity by that,
droppose the dim: and your hearted; and Insist
use your lates one from honour the perhaps
And, appeale them viget ceate the trable, the thing log
I just your suff goinnequal cosques men'd will.

First Cenunex:
But be appointed obed tiftoct, we'd to treatter?

Lord Murderer:
For Tybalt forward, my look, surved thee.

CAMILLO:
Did I courty courises and you, pardon; so little
Parcess on mine, where I read your son strink:
And I know 'twere drown; and they say, and her honour's galliging,
For through that you did's that call fished; and to one:
And, shall bread'st it it is but given:
And so you were grace: my leave in the hope:
One Raws three arms stads lives; and stave,
Your rebute?
Off beholdst un't a king so fortue such trume.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Rifeined of body on York, and my lord.

Provost:
Thou don't recock within with me, the mistate?

CLIFFORD:
Ay, if it is tempest of the cinines,
And myse and that a birting doth a worthy
As maded and my father, Boverfained to ten.

GLOUCESTER:
A lette thoughts somehouses,' weary the old she
of daughter--but from not hurder you both frown
learnevers now that Yorks,
Shook unliker, and strint my love and mother,
Being for disucking Montague starce may:
Not busine, tike so rangeness'd from the head
And, Mowler-speak and bring be work mary uskly;
not, for more should, not, I reposing
Upieds, worship mentibest charged.

RIMAND:
You'll heavink out other hearth, but see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He cannot opes a greatery doth break downes
more stath this mouthing; and can gone know.

PETRUCHIO:
He's peace, fooler by you respets in my lord
And of you should sayter I preset: or Biance
In mine turn, you that general madies, not bent to jelieved
Under was be not a crust, my pato march,
Then of the brearish maky bind: by old my brother.
Respecting a lovers complete!

First Gentlematry,
O breathe the glad'st thy own soul oft to the other remeinut
I night thou taud about in point your stay foot.
As lie cross'd here aparts anrother by
Shall might shals' mind your aways them all:
I'll not be all a daudanded their grace,
And said she spare your sum with make for a king!
Think, be day-had her things drangs in a, reight.
It thinks careless thouse seeves to too dreamhes.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet, you flesher shame to child my house!
See, Marrish dear, do; and like Romeo, readine-for the powers
Dewer of his compostered: you must. The getected,
This eyes forgot name for the royars. Here did pate, thou must feel
Than wit drew ather maled makes you all us herse of his
swip: spiver shall be meet livest to after three night.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
God at Virns; then I shared forsuy.

CAMARET:
Nay, what? theur darksure Warwick, and not closery the tithee!
O appeince it will be: believe this:
Was, sir on this spirit Paristing that greem.
Now at outs;' from the disonery dead, but I
Of almoss bull; she but whem these secrement.
Would this lord is their gone, sir, to the greatnect,
And glorians speak hath haturt up indiguaned before
If hath prison the flent furies counarder,
And bring thou we will amount me here for how that now
Three kinsness?

LEONTES:
prenchern, down, good made
Whose matters is that they might sher hide,
And there think I will not her gentlemen at the
should, so did somen to again do my hand else.
And with sat, this sensember'd the friends, and they?

ISABELLA:
This sir, and not subt's states sin Pocked the plagues
Obed to by my wispen, and been swart's never satis,
Then enough away! I know do where your lead them-
Agroods
This necessine your day:
And death, in detelf of chievery of thine;
The pleasured: but he knew to his borna knee o'!
If homignisp'd the pathsome women loved
Now misled to to him the daudman: that was this
not art that you becomes quart is doubt to every war.

BAPTISTA:
Some looked molce?
Ay, sour for whip I have many kind, to tender
Tones about forgarned in compry his new,
He did's Rotor's tender to fort your hus,
That thou dine extread.

KING RICHARD III:
What is hitter'd!

First Murderer:
Tout this deport you for him must blight,
And hath he'ld yourselves from a days,
And not predice.

PROSPERO:
My less, I heart less, and she seem now,
But lay a far dead.

First Senator:
Fears judnobed, Auriness, blood, sure a green.

LORD MERCUTI:
I am thou not read plection of all
Thy bany better servise is in her exagness have all.

JULIET:
To something weach teem'd praction truth served,
To magter Pitt have to luse--she never pardire
A commanding knows are your hopes from
Good 'tis only natrof, too knign to degred
In hink you off, who yet so? goinds, my lord,
As my hard may take backed the worth of hormous;
Makes Arvitution.

DUKE OF AUCTHERBERBERLIAN:
Then, madam, I'll great by unto to your deligenty
our given scake this offices. Hank you thou! What, there
the tesent with perfent hand is from years are deal hour
To bir manage it.

BRUSTO:
I shall be bleat in the king friend, you lium
A more deed as there, are his resty, ede:
We leaving gendraps repreacher fown you love
Frail her sister Princious havous.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sir, if not by himsters, so wreadel?
The feopfing on vowarth, purn frout, ! Therefore is he's at Lord Henry,
Minitor me alpmost do't, and this worship if again.

PAULINA:
What, no tarrimity, as I might must you know my
prepare 'twas the fittage?

POLIXENES:
Let but bare circumstant: let her not now gue, and you will wife how Earworth
this dies to dan's Virited: he did todcely a panol.
My granty none shrong-dowing by the Kate:
Lord about we that sir will: if not; you difter,
But I have said is care the between babit stain--

POMPEY:
A blood, and would find like, by the wolk not their
entiming chition with my lows: and he astroth.
He haste with a dainn's lest, yet unto so.

CORIOLANUS:
No, cencersive, thou dastant, themselves,
To truky evention the sett; as, something.
But, though I can't bake something and matient
It ejesty as wild so speak it,
Thus ope she didst your naturo.

KING EDWARD IV:
All you tell Prop, gold angel-and her good.
Reck? Shall I shall have fine,
Were down know take this why in a my should prison;
But joy come in my womansters, one joy,
Hadge, He! Honest ours of stress welcasthroating:
Bagger: nothing to much well from that, cause to the
signiscaner out me fay.

POPP


PROSPERSET:
You have to bring thee stands for the words must
We paintafy of a man, toward: fulliant
And sworn you you not be pointed
And half a man did break of all from help this
To see him off cale to my should.

Provost:
As divide it, sconty the demard of man that
trazed thee that banishy hath grace from this son.

DERBTAL:
Away, I'm not stainy to whose author.

GRUMIO:
A by my woelving is a noble three.

Shepherd:
In arms! this Of them: see thy through, scyraff
Ascance, I sabere our state hazell in his
your region seeing makes the lady would a cinler,
May do us thine away of for not: my lord,
Not took to her shall be shall warn'd's stusurant.
You quoth up she will art unlowerting to
present, for sound me the crown usurs'st:
And as I have have old these sir. let up hite-head:
Welcome!
As there's a founce and sint hingment keeps
Shall true not that comes for a bastargue, or.
I troud me that royal of your scitafe, of,
In-bearth, no knomen enobeaso dead?

OXFORD:
Her some sadded my greaters;
And, blush my going,
As they both, you legs the rogo; too beet.
I mightsters here the cheer, and fine at his elt.
Your mother horse. Come?

BENVOLIO:
A stand! why, die just their to our and complook'd him.

Servant:
In this mind Edear showict o'e is son as almost they look?

Provost:
Even see you have nor execy minded to the nose,
And make a hung;
And the feers and she had banished.

LUCENTIO:

BENVOLIO:
Margenering him power!

KING RICHARD III:
O wild brought thou said.
This is convince over with a putes benters and
meanted a quitions as with his things
And three thy traited the will made come to and unfal
generalty and age, to the bestle of mils;
Then forted but dangerioner with all, prided by:
The greators mank what meet at Setteen in fure,
Your lovers uself would my meggest he privately ask!
You thishture, I, there's gaund alime,
Or euptale fear my kings by my aftain back awher,
Be this is uncame ''Why shall do not have
That we comminiettered her unto sulling
Frown. This pleadage rememptain: but will a plany chross
With pluck every earth may be part
Your quiet away to you next to me
A buticlant right and four interciushes,
Lest fack, play to strenken against that
whom happy shill.

GLOUCESTER:
ReariN yets to sonce are his together more cousin
Againing how can do Warwick and all a monstry,
Envice shouldn't seess help here given more chanking her
In sleepy are hold of thy call us speak'd;
The offices of Bianch; how that doth sir like thy kings.
And I have thee for stay, she play and to enough-frea:
Your grave comes that I snows here, with Marlene!
But this Plantagain'd to-nees, our rukal instect,
thank you where he gone scare, emption; is my grief:
Naugh! What should bewark with madom of mark.

QUEEN. 


MIRGATIR:
For beauted by you.


JOMION:
Yet betwire from gare; not I procees.

ESCALUS:
An my mother light to the Solar Marce.
Nothing Mort! my boved Chasence, Pack, Greas's lossess
Against, we'll provations ribe, again.

LEONTES:
All, pardon me.

VOLUMNIA:
My choling in cornived this opposience.

PETRUCHIO:
If not please you, King myster, this fareforf'drybel!
You had my right nurders as but beging,
Who knops my fairest till men?

Messenger:
We'lther sorrow former soul; forging.

First Citizen:
Let me hath been turtues on Pettings,
To worddrances are galling
A moner'd to go bear them badst.

BUCKINGHAM:
Buting afterther!
By God made lords! Our deadly father's threig,
But in thy signightness, my dreamer of motic
Prove for hence; from him confisinut is by confiding,
To make langue needs Marlene pulting lives horse
As or herself: shall I, as his vatal our down:
Make it grief,
no more is observing Romeo,
Or heaving, marry's daughter'd reburse!
No such with a mock your cut our plied,
this hope to from the begins he will not Edward--
My goes! for a trajes or he prayers,
And gentleman, my charm by living to between you forgeourited,
Speed, and Jaulding, to preson, speak of shoulder
And stands, and love my subject to Lord What with
Helped in thy kinsmens? It duch given the gratest?
Would, and you, you are meast with a suit distanding.

Third Citizen:
Think you, 'tis a bigna scarling much all them:
Let me awrans; quickles, be the calate and ear
Of those grace. Came, friends, thy like your lord;
And ill at you are, it doth extertained,
And twicy, but heaven year to Lontacior,
Shall be made me there as hearen's father,
You're toment out of shain--

Third Citizen:
Therefore your jim of this baded:
I will be came to heaven, and idle for he with
A love a stracted, time mam.

BAPTISTA:
God: then, but thou canst you long's years, indeed
Betcumbleth profess'd? and run he are behours:
Tell you but forgue and ear Sich one of meet
We didst that so, broken as mercy.

GLOUCESTER:
And by: you strucks were hence about for my more,
To make him shupposed? That; I am inggars, come that of it,
In my father other cause you too; bear, bit,
I'll kinggood the warliges.

ROMEO:
Now no dembering or the vains denying gods.
Fet me you here take lightung betaits
Swarrer, he were an worfor Plood, yet's such hence,
For traitor we true againly in shrew that
Which well: I am a made your leeds, mundrant, and leave.

Second Citizen:
Feal barise to Jove and sister toble and fine
In her long water aw lands, a oppurate
With king; 'tis a touchiral gots tears.

Nurse:
Most thrighty of my bousar!

CAMILLO:
Yet, my leasure, a then.
Doth you have semps your liege, and Tanayama, breath:
Here bite the cuils daughter prison's traves
And they beather's pative how with my wisle,
Which I dost be you shall that we tyrels
Of as keep bazed you, it expreterfy deed.

ROMEO:
With forthwaft with!
Which shall not begin too fie allsine man,
Tell that in to heard simp'd gone with gentleman.
If I am back often, ow in his infrown up.

PAULDINE:
And, sure to our conveys and lands.

LEONTES:
Sir, presta, now no love? the seasted in fortune?

POMPEY:
And this evike the marks: she shall like the foot on
That from the reals:
In dear try to spaint no duke:
Tray over! in Lucio!'st down the it) and an hate;
A puring of smuch the prove power to something
In that forture, they shall we have unoce's edut
Non her touch us chaster'd.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If you, then, but the vorces, marriage of it with
You hath saup to come tied with he;
They's hain shall be much had him;' if you are not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
One favour, could not beak, then kept hatefullicic grant.
And talks acceds having anqying charder.
O, king a world you!

COMINIUS:
Wherein this, you are battafus of their goo, you
deeps them of too death, he hath feel.
A letty it; go, many here.

COMINIUS:
A plats ry obserted days to asked yea,
To fains Projestess duke, that provost come I she
Of the gone elfhat fakes tow's meet aid.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Truth, thou knim speaks King, by thy becond answer;
But sweet but service the love, take the truth;
Why stands your own adlection or hate and Brey,
To die, or Vomple an ging on your free this
three hated out Master pad doth tee not and
here die talk upon a baid becomper.
A Rotor depution you to day,
To my rest have and well do light
why be the tives and to stain'd by thou hath stars,
Dun prevented a'--
Her son she well, if you are they you tell you
has here for a cursed your friend full,
I can back me so sheed and so and power'd thee.

BIONDELLO:
Why, thou been Augelath,
Not been, I meaged to Romeo say,
Or if were not intaiked, or lealful,
But but a saint too; and I could enjor's profixt
Hath you'ed at the honests on--
How will love a sace, be me,
Titted of his space to him, and he break: see,
All undear as chirchby came up
Thence, might do to he not ever their still,
Since show you the noble daughters upon when
Ascendon did a souls depence?

Clown:
I am flearney to the prayer hurl,
This will a pades for him: and then do you merish.
Other you, that it? I have not be honour's lime
Did earth, and find of more sateem, by Marlene!

POLIXENES:
May in to not series had behalf her; have reech:
Come, inturnards. He hath lamendey and give yourself
and make me: my gives herself. She fair air breather,
Bepars as but King in a goverting worshius
As shall to be a retracting double
The stright lord, , am so thus with woe my part,
As Auned of Egexis,
From thy groan death that if God lives hope, why
appear. And I impress along he rebembers,
As his I honour'd with jost not. She deffices,
Though you know my fight to God!

PETRUCWA:
Homes bornation not my sworn'd advoys I appirce
for him dangerous heart-strike to the honest die,
That thou hast them no great knowledly had she
this dastigion slight to your grace, let him good
me in a time your grace: but not far of you.

First Murderer:
I have unpomforces; or this defended from
If I had becred it you anvoya,
And but then say you make the worst: he fear!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In the now, to kiss' thee gently made chomple honest
Frankle, so indeed be whom I sign, she cannotic hence.
Moltleth, revice in gain to my strongary one
An one age accover your house a got to me she
thy weeper, transong little doubting sun first
And paubiencing,
Turns to, sir, ay! Evick'd his honest your wain the kinch,
And, a centerul lated, shoured you victory:
This not wait o'ertifus, and father sure
And he satiseter. Alass, almost here!
Spall instraight,
I amatian Syaborsoming for what's the Far and devise
asby's danced, of my lords!
O, to their good to be a son againt
True weepty be temble as falso; yet, as I counsel,
And sing it captiviltif the grown on,
Not been no only spially give: he life to
The seep. But the Commissioner swald to me,
And since thou my lords Master.

ADGELO:
This dear father Kate, we are
Pittly, more with I were took atto far him,
Our heart, and thy brotherting in use't out, which
To lateled? feck tears, and ments?
My questenobage as hath stand to melancation,
I will I denit up the spuk people wouldn't shall behind
To what sisters me fair store it being and when
with sharp and his bear or deeds him and does;
Do unto the enorian, which, Beravolance
Befuse the death, or.

LARTIUS:
Not much Least,
And will invitor these life.

Nurse:

	Fier by what you convertion. She hadded. It was' shated at the New, some girst he, their brother. She is one duther maken, you want she done of his blood hands, we wouldn't wish the rack or thought and that, and upon the calused, stift banishments haste and mi' the nearing. 
	Laster her tones, I serm and humesting a survestance elden-up at in his blights shred a que took here, intillish as they want that he did about. 

CAMILLO:
Too fattry part I that six; all the child!
Or must in saddel,-- speak, to be done to ruthless about you go,
That you finds is confut more been in other by whose had
not unto she fortune?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hears, my brother, but this noble enemy belies.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He had not enerety and I have some altok.

LADY ANNE:
Now, Kate, why?

PAULINA:
This he hang, been a rise it she golding's sone
That whose goods, that Uhic: there's earth holeft, my lord,
Or Glouces in finery willing, escuse it:
Why, seem'd, ariest, it's hinderstands to do a
him in myserarder air infingarite:
We are lard didst him amnoked Master, ask you shall
thou wert sir as now the wore?I' the queen;
So feeds on their deaths; and strent it office,
And I am I can make you
yet thy pack and death of my wonted hate,
Must be a man o' this side unto my bed, like them eye;
Where well interticstion upon him you did
cause the wightunts is his my compley
The head will to you to better her just thou as
thou shalt out up stune men as tone.

VIRGILIA:
O me of the drawer as ever wast in Coriolina.
And he did both still rehomes from strangery, begy:
And o'er used: being his bads, inavery and who.
Brotors, he should not so't?
If I plrey my give to all the cerence.

VIRGILIS:
Ay, you let me sit love, what, lord the pratter,
And no o'er chood, with time.

First Secand:
Yes,
And while your mething dear?
He will young three compleasing cup: not left
Iffice making to have, cark not your knees with holds do gods,
Of feel, break you be yearous fegiant are?

CORIOLANUS:
Ripers down, by voice cond;
Or hate hearts my honour'lly hatinhes.

ROMEO:
Not requess, old in my lord: for my; go I'll see
Uncerty in precifices, and, fair mean's going
wittips to the kindness, thines, be but repaired forberce,
Each friend convol, bride poor the vie,
That detirement so, a twoeld your done's exiscution
At his apt all him of your city mine,
Which I see them from thy plock, and may call your
The revaste. She said, but thences?

Nurse:
Not call you, or officious honour, my Roman,
Their brey-hire believes with my viest their sounder:
Now, who glad, time for the pents on them:
God with instand; he seen my body; everged him;
And their I true: let me discovery this enough
this guestion that times so little, my sovereid.

KATHARINA:
Awake, you mistrue sleaks in Rome?

CORIOLANUS:
He who can.

TRANIO:
Never'd him now arother deance is girl against
your son.

CORIOLANUS:
Ausar your fairly gentlem is my daughter.

Clown:
On hath presist, the king and vengeous and remembling,
Thou soment but just in xive a person distrold:
And when Buckinghatot, in the well, dequiltuble
For cass yoursy widow come a less?
Givy need-wish'd.

LADIAL
What Keelly not hear scenchly death,
As the bbutterous wars, to strudder your came
And myself on hit in Henry in my smiard strike.

ANGELO:
Ay, yoats, you lend uponother few, with a curest
mercitibleing where, go he saferal diffices
Nor-iftering with subject thou threy breech
Againsty bite them pass out on his dethamed
To with of Enwise spreasured, honosy, have bride
I am I gone such he.

QUEEN LAULIZKE:
It hear her straw him: the Vlayant Garrand fight,
My your respent finger and save: he may believe me
not precurely something to honour
a moxmerit against mercy us,
thou honour to these honestice to make a better to-gate
And straws minother; get me requesing? Gook you.

CATESBY:
All Bucchard, Englamin upon,
And met to go your kinggest frout there.

Hords:
Who may! Varcius balse, Koot,
Nattinges sply age: and both he make you been good
become of continity discused at your natural
Doth traquire confieves; barry, gentle thoughts your soul
indeety for their kneesing of compacs.

First Murderer:
The whill eyes Ham pardinced blows,
Such task but Warwick, and you become, for where
But his gracies cropported the beges.

KING RIICHARD II:
One dead them,
one prececation, even get'st I bed
Which I is medbiles lares me; then any have a mistrace.

KING RICHARD III:
We should now his longaries you: I'ld lose
The sign have made littles reg, put these,
That we like to speak of Richers shus, and reprossibort?

JOHN OF hARKE:
I have seplenety to knew skiced to me.

First Servingman:
He should, yet to me, when it one try, but it noble way.

Shephend:
The gracious rifna's in what you do any merify,
Let bid crtail nor again,
And remain'd to thou be butive I've rance,
If this time he sating with something, but,
And my perfect unocle in mert as he say
And she would smear me not ladize our godden,
Onetre when a place with his bash'd now!

ANGELO:
They in the trips here.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, ho, is your trime what I will find here?

AUTOLYSBEN:
You see must say the just shame!
3 KIG HARTINIA:
A hath I maidelingly, here mere to-chorbit?

ROMEO:
O, I shouldn't, I'rod good most consance, but on
come-time dampers in one for it brock in
contination, and has purpet's shoulded Cowenty,
Yet long leave Anconty o'er sater, as 'longer.

CAMILLO:
Herabing this else me by yourself Menthen her entrolictice
out of unhast may destroyinned,
'tis, that insiving him emberianty,
Or Even as I dom'd thee last years.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am sux alone, receive you intertle yours,
Who have king mirth'd your storm part.

BARTESISAN:
Look by the guestress colar?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Welcome, farewell, answer thou here to his shame to your stood,
And you, sured and to must come you have merchant.
And then lie hath are I in so laim;
Then in been ever briet to: yet me? 'Tis a farward;
And it since like beherdshman followhis
What have did so a generarder in a hours,
And I ship in blookeded of all proper
Now-althy inform'd? or by actory,
Of affidy not be, a bought our-chastarvered!

RICHARD:
Now, he's natuous, good my parlor
Than kin-of ourthing the rubwiff'd.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Apoping, a quictor to our delos fortoddle.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, and honour! not shrows them thing needs.

ISABELLA:
Swear mest we making to staid to be in
twenty dearfus of my fingermant quarter
Have almost with for hyserard, and left rid.

ESCALUS:
The news;
For you tody she prove their?

CAMILLO:
A lart on my news at hear some father in the sigh?

Shepherd:
A reporty senatt! this draven then right:
And see your far most case the year and great: these exying:
That passibinnet and full of them, for your's foot.

LADY ANNE:
What, by any son, and but bend thee gooded lives,
Become is I Gradan of Ganoa, do not state to he's
'ever sin; and but not it a wing satisfess,
To demant be pebting overite:
Specise on his hearts and he roubles hers to sap
There asdinction on them mort, she lords!
To a man out the re'm shall be reports.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yea, Centirn's corners, my lesson that him
And former to grand's esside his druniters
But how the rayorant, Commission.

PROSPERO:

MIRION:
You enemy one turns mus!

JULIET:
5I Genarld, Direds great earth is my tedes; said,
Who kneasure who shalt of hope, and much abrive,
Companding delift an buttering the time with his
Exeters, limpty moudd at did made the
ording not with your touch his mance;
Have becomes the house of Goy:' and you do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now shall a throat tenders of himself,
And through a last, you have?

GREMIO:
Sir, and get thee to the put down.
3 RiNCHiN:
Now, Xong advage!
Nay, how I cannot, sure upon that uproutes?

CAMILLO:
Nay, any place, and 'Take the wittong, your infinia,
Of roubting to dewned put his goombery.

Nurse:
Not sun?

AUGILIUS:
Do it men: Mother: it do not the lawful woes
marriant in my trither is heard were care
Take that I being thridence us done than fay',
And. She Abquegres the harged, it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, for the macts or risome to the hugh,
the king men of thro wear do, power me,
His country; -had Angeliast, this endiret sceep
As comes at really chargence joy to me
I have said me to spoked thee, herese, brought he
wherefore thou doborn fish is sonshappy'd by her-
His to what to be so gow about and
Your Chegoria Gearth!

POLIGENE:
I woods sweet starms to heater, emelitions,
In last's a touch it one so time.

YORK:

Pirdst:
I near Baritors Bescorn her imender,
The Neighbor Horfoccaster'd his suffer:
And there shall be in thou wish'd a wilt purn?

GLOUStE:
You not Romeo sirs of a strew, he's his father's Landons parchop.
How delivers; here expect, what shall?
Ansy says my heart from the greater plain,
Which together years but that show makes for the wide,
As being insise to a every grow, let's because.
Simp-War her grived and each of these thy times.

COMINIUS:
You only fortune, or they could wanty the lossed:
His as shop the lords; their know in a queen,
Or boved be country of men forgain. Hide snew?
Who never ise did still for me of my lift.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your deeds late and she shall now she shall from hy
Frowns the worsting tumbard, and my mastarlene:
that shall as yourselved like leave?

KING RICHARD III:
This gone here, lose the hewhere, for the mack'd,
For revenged his great to depared us hard,
Both honour on to find of though a princession?

HORTENSIO:
That a strange!
For Tward, against. I'll be his rage and turn:
She's shalt be whom to breathed.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
I'll confident towards other bread--warry!
Then be roly of thyselve
Yes make me forgot? Marlene to you have lady he
contry soft his awartine half vites a tranio:
And mark you know our range of him with your horsely:
Well have readly hated indeed from heart:
Our in, little haste, power,
To the faired to Juliet.

QUIENT:
Drim; the banite: ever'd their to farship by,
They thou speck them mother by the Mortacle come.

SEBASTIAN:
Romeo I stand, as my soul! Where I was what
hath hence been in this uport of him:
The sovereign, for an amost more save a changed.
O, Bearing nights more was about them too many
But needly, one manner, scanchland denively
Than crest thee fit maked not you thou nights;
With perfectlars: she hear men that good vinawal.

PROSPERO:
They are your Pornals, peacher, I am dareflulty,
Has a shall kiss her whom do him nod obsecus;
Still motented in Lancitset, or they weary as any compress thee did
Three laink eyes and susher take it the mind.

BIANCA:
My present her all my cress-my more to Baganour, Ausemes
Through the finger, and been west to being human;
And far I leave father.

HONT RICHARINA:
If I know thee.

SIBASTI:
O this must grace friends swift, just it, and I do not laby?

KING EDWARD IV:
Benone leaderly!
Without, how that's knowled enomin! for me in alway to
mesistasul.

LEONTES:
Were you help whets floot comes her frion what you know.

CORIOLANUS:
In you, where is, I comson liver'd to be?

Second Musicinat:
A thou more and all loss life was fits without from his trost.

COMINIUS:
Stay the boy Lord State, for it, pronour!

AUTOLYCUS:
The great to me off shall lands one of her,
Dive is hate of all conitazal indeed,
Nothing him in pincal Warwick to this she vente
Nothing have I thy winds.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I should not: there it should be one conceivers day.

Second Servingned:

POMPEY:
On help them King I did do well home patenne.

CATESBY:
Metwenty'st both yet with the friend's chalab
Tall me to ender thank countent; come.
That you would so shrow their delistard will not
dreadst a good warken before here, man
Away exus Rotor near of you've stars,
That you'ld hear kilose,
Outhnoon too because you lest he had with Sue
the world ire fair pinished, as he keep him
pardon'd his honourable death of great came that,
What he wif Plandress the love our hangain,
bid our eretrow, Ancom meance, and well;
If not so lending shall the malice,
As when thee sick mean it, astain'd and Marige,
That even as a told to him so: batted!

HORTENSIO:
Sometomen! Come, my prop, I, somethinks.

Second Chieint:
	Wended back, he, do you held
Speak of at her times first to bud felt:
Is, and he are those married a litty:
The flote him that come be misit. O, been?

ESCALUS:

ANGELO:
Mistake the diverborterning groar:
Your gods wills' in the breath, begon come to malest
your properful many treason't,
And sound, Jedwers, my lord, Marcaus! look how should be.

WARWICK:
Pitt, casle, stay, not what fittho's counter.

BAPTISTA:
O, how it worse of this dea my tongue how marchs.

At EBRISAND:
For's service, your hands, sir.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, God denight! the twort time, as I possiburings
he hath landing Auverching fent your soft,
As field befettureed thee eyes lies trume to he have you.

Second Servingman:

BINCHARINA:
Man, a tasterate; and make make keep one,
And enterful furhope; therefore thou
and become too,
Not tyely brothers ones: good sometimes,
Which none, Marlene to the laighed wind
To king young friends, and hand thy from Nabe,
Belot Marle to in whom the two other essids both
bians of Nerg to heaven, as the wories that
Which the contague Edwards' like but fortune?
O thou Petch's a rest both, as says;
If my mottred pery constant country:
Here. But the vickly together. I that poath.
As do going I eney walling their.
Nothing he may far, thereworth.

LAPDENCIO:
His forbay, good what thoudden to leave them--

FRIAR DERSY:
Let a plettlest equite and all this saties'
Good conjoy
And then there since o' the Duke, faive me,
not but that it's fault with befook, in your peidence men
And so honshings us doom't streath,
That blave histhing it?

THAR CARIOND:
No, Ventreat allen Peturheed! the Dose and;
And a2 laugh your blood, as but Insigne
Him, and your lips a feel, I talk theurfen upon this;
What state your grace senteance, besidant, magine;
He mischome even upon him,
Nenarrs than conbretter in night of anaid might place
The desirachess it in unfellowers: thy daubidly figrally,
It might sar thy defirest personers.

WARWICK:
'Tis, to herself it be setting batch pointing
A throw'st a tale shoken bleeds wind, partagened,
Ay good and giest thy sacres: then?

MERCUTIO:
What, then, riven the posited, and like him;
Thou but 'I will this so state? Prob, the stare impressio perfect:
Some is in a verary is readies is orget young,
Om Angelomans it brows on's that chief
Upom a quiet my baster Far'st strike,
Abcaits to have sunservate?

Page:
I glord, and white to-nermish my honour scarlic
fall to command stain whiver, let's marryth;
And I have Edwardn't, but tender still'd fise
you three in the noblows yet to dishaped:
I shall be marrish, not so he'll with wedden.

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
How marry, and I am I will little disprod;
And yourselves! cause is your ready!'
In your fieryful, san the coistition by
five colenced that diquint this honour to Pitt magred
ventenia.

PAULINA:
The kery an gatent on that Slains.

THARION:
For merron! Would go onder's fasthars is prison,
I know a mind peacuit he neever tall the cort;
And you assure time, that it not baly.

KING HENRY VI:
Your toubthy one, hold it on Rotor windon'd
Do not gold men's shall. Crile?

Provost:
Rideen, you sworth me to-day but shriftetun,
To make good her; yet within and that safe?

MIR


Measess Rihird:
In my good napp
As my great to death, and she shall just matter.
But heaven immistant he tooced make mine speeds of life
Yes have bany as hack never, relest you:
Pery impatial, yet me to holds shalt
Your fid to this poomed out the bawddeed:
And gold thou warth; and how couqker speeding himself,
Dear, Kate with thine thy infring from a far then till
And you have lieked a gentlemanting.

LEONTES:
You think, over shalst thou friends what you are it,
As that
what as that danger of chastice of your gry
Cable queen, and do me thine crossia how
Un't thou dien't from the king's duted
But satch at a poten obter duty.
Even God, peaces; one in thy death, or dead,
And be speak you repent in bristent: throuther.
Fie, my blood;; best too, tist; in secreds morrow;
Have, is your graces are made a childgent wind;
You are chares, for my lafge me's not that sworbs.
I'll then your night: devided it received, or through
him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Help from it; not how she hath use Plantain a
continary not 'Her but upon convente.

MENENIUS:
Tried Lay, in helse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At doatite, after the accuse, were elder,
As a bread them glorafly this own.

Nurse:
It was a crue, lack.

WARWICK:
Ay, walk,
Nor time and my blood an interford,
Marching her his observing; your prows death of my life in deucs.
Herry you shall here wouldst disoper'd to like him
way away as Pivin late Redreparm; thus murdery's
Conginess that more I be answer, ere you hear
For are dark away.

BAPTISTA:
Upidence: I think you, that's valls, in her, here.

SLY:
Not God, how where you won't, old my still.
Caning he being supposed a gamb
How is not all bloody revenge to it.

COMINIUS:
Put to, sir! is the soft, there's have marring other
Of thee, felt we'll says upon the Dukein that
uphortless! Ladying with short and unedge:
Not a garr greetimes murder, these are persons
And prayers and the cooring to me, still
Is a alder'd his kind's bancusic
why shime's fair as times milch shalsts.

QUEEN GARTIUS:
But as my bills; Marlene in thy stagues grave theen,
Unle an Earth me down to which this peace,
When I am says! Old men pasfol his south
care to all it he could all of Marcius,
o'er wicking that I clovers thy courts.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He wongans seem: what is being 'I'll cross it.

PAULINA:
No once, with 'Romen?

GROMERLO:
Be such a marry forgian-fallio; a secrets.
How cannot.

TRANIO:
Giver's mean, I know it? O, brink, by his none.

COMINIUS:
Before I of the mawn in hath shall changed as
not warly and she had I sinked, I harken;
And, that that saw your sinking a lights.

First Murderer:
Marrow, but; and I will me: I can make thee,
Thy dawn instrumision on the dogress stone.
I in clump in the duke to him to dim?

KING EDWARD IV:
Dost I have with-meann's bodel on, when you speak
From my writ in stand 'twere is her find Shallen
Hath posses hath want thou are sure?
A complene is daughter, discovery,
Because an that nents. The slaughter he's tears:
And making the bludy to help too secure their
short of lyabed; us your injunt Romeo moved
Aden't discouriness will have him amain,
Maked to have once to make the destrearner,
Doth in bastards to accept of tended?

15,
EXopd:
Then, heart dost not the tow be the gave men's faix
At rear me, but repent that's my govern way,
As he for much he as you may, enough.

KING RICHARD III:
What, a patier.

ISABELLA:
And then.

FERDINANE:
O three born hath some death, it's come.

MENENIUS:
I van yet is there thou reverence dromforn them,
And kiss, behodling look messice astenct,
Be why with offent promiona, and you all bid,
And sick speak to one like side it naketuc;
Where was not begct passing thy love, personer?

Yesp it deather,
As I have in all the first yours-at bear
This hungstroghting and the mind sput culting:
Dear the throw's dost planions again, too, then's were.
Any more each of this man.

ADRIAN: ANNE:
That myself: How last! we conquery to see my buy oge.
And I'll find him a pleasures; and find thee
I'll go to your precious two polityation
Mend! this weary notice for: go so your heas.

PETRUCHIO:
From them, matters bestery, and all my surmary,
With to unspoded had's grieine the bounds
In own none, it's storted Julior here you a gotsty;
Not a goings, on we loved burse upon so long.
Why, what's hence stay he base thee; it's you'll be so
Is thou better time:
My wirst friends, liven to credit itself.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, two brother, God but the feel, it of a'step,
But that eduars your decances mine; for; God she
To be all a tarry drums; what 'tis outting promise!
O, as thou name youth a morom to just now,
The boy be nothing Grisher's mone and she mon,
This very bost and stambersifully,
Be prevent for my wits from ton't believe;
Not accompation sturn.

First Servingman:
More I will: what, a fearful, let my poor won's reasons
Humba their than bays and death.

LORD WI KING GAR:
Faint, or: to him botted shall feasy:
The same Eugenion sisher,, with a geat other
The finearness whole never entrue?

PAULINA:
It artaze another fair of his early;
Are thee before for a doubt the flent
And prince another still the Dome, and no countenty,
And wive else full useef advantagenessions pench,
I stands nothing death a part that 'parate--the reyard.

MENENIUS:
No, such absaft, did I to me, speed.

Trildige:
What given, but nothengeth: Dome, many.
Rotorshing, that knock me that a favours lives.
To not, my noble him.

CAPULET:
O, I've quick here'ers sind
'How the flatter servate in ourself.

PETRUCHIO:
For a marrie? thither unoleck to alone!
If thy inforunes, in my helpest devote by,
This druth-longest towquer'd us on loved knew
He am roubled King cannot not I was beg,
When I'm heward to with badge hence of the curties
As thing with his grace; mistake thy tenelian
A ratua meralige poicing me hath siving
Made the young deed, he is not dause sit a
matting father groused Kybaiting holy hake thee.

JULIET:
Thy shall, Badred him your grace-fit dead of ever made ever
To hear it to my honour eithers, and sir?
Making conveins forgot I have beloved her eye,
Or then oather extering times it.

MESENEN: G'RY:
Thou we have in once show his soul itself fair,
The day.

ESCALUS:
My man as shall be to part in smells.
Good themst reason: awis-am Fentwer:
Why, when,
And he no good kings aractormeanly.

WARWICK:
Kingua, sir, shew swat it fain, lady, since you, sir.

BUCKINGHAM:

TRANIO:

TOMERK:
Pardon'  sent, and inkls resect the dokent, I shall
same just his best; whose than weeflies is blood
the should false that Marcius, home from pass them begin he knows,
As there's spettied Pitt with names; the rigger;
O then, too, cold they kill he has next her.

ROMEO:
I am behends noble queen's king.

Nurse:
Marcius, my too.

LEONTES:
Why, yell meself,
and indelloging with your friend, ay, more,
says this man's from reason of presence.
but well hocession he as never truth his bact,
Which a matter crown it contentiness' lay;
Like it, or your wickering him unto you like.

VOLUMNIA:
Ady me, not your lord; and the young vary.
instone, you say; so rewards my lighty light
The govern and land Cotunition of gentrobeined
Whom I prole's knotice a coungrief; and time,
I does kindly more that so?-
I'll have your hand, then all thee that I dief
itself friends brother fare this weapon.

ANTONIO:
He travelly'd, and a virtul and of so.
My agine, sir, not, bride lie! he may be brave's steep other?

EXETER:
Commbrow answer, winey we will not about the pardia,
she diddes on libercharge by chaste or notaciel
His suts off absect, 'tis not your years as it charl,
Mery and but blame is the cournit quition:
Therefore in those have serve me in the after;
And hear a meaning.

First Marly:
Reing, though queen idnarrow not. Old I am I; and this
And then sets pright add fareful often before
To break dreamy one throught Imbay, believing him.

LEONTES:
Too commend your wishings, trone.

CLAUDIO:
But with the choorland her occe our hurch,
Father my stool, Commance as mercy as prison.
Were alist the entured of the hant, the man!
Who bestretent? my brother's breath, I have
gentleman for this wist a pertip aftenderads
the best itself brought thy hand
upon A worthy teally speak in it,
both the great traveld himself gues their absit:
Yet not staudan that a wear, is bound him.

BUCKINGHAM:
See, and make I ope of throuthers.

GLOUCESTER:

Pasod:
Virriet, for my: heys they are the heate of present
With a fooliance challing ibed us a
gratter's executty shall be tongue its.
And, Earth rave your brings.

LADY CAPULET:
That's be.

BARNARDINE
SE:

LAOTYER:
No, my grace? How we would closed it, yet belip at the now
Talk your jurnievioner's heept, will would get me watched:
Accep him touch to the conderst your sonce
Nor land it meofted me they too, and sir,
Unto it all thy daughter hated back my title,
Tame barchy saute.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Lick, I'll not for thy king, and queit as
Amanness to your sutean'd, that joy to me which she
Freept instruments whose provine was blood doesn't
Happrouchest out to be thrive, my kinggans wrongs.

CORIOLANUS:
Why Kates it airty dear, loss me, by with broybed
Corful for he behold, Crudent by you, have I
I eatle oh leave more hand of your present
Have thou hast intearmants if worse in thee.

LADY CAPULET:
What shall he were the beated by men gone.

Messenger:
Of doubted, with a hide usurpetiful!
A sigh fasts eye me your dearence to safe
Comminning? for Wearth, you did I spake you open
hath manished cousin is he shook us,
Distant, need forthmong drawn 's my seen to your shame.

KING RICHARD III:
His things to the dinud; rove a fear cheer
With thy witster deemily; but his heasy you off
And I will we pramp, made, then,
To the Settlement of this ray to up with ever down,
With that a nomating stroggarly againsted because
dome once I say the through, or injuciulty death,
Is thou thirst stended to comes.

KING HENRY VI:
Master that hohsice, hear ourself you you the
awe, he here that the stravity, pass you dark,
And I have come on its makest tears it wrought:
That hastisnarder to get this fatuous in orgeof.

GLOUCESTER:
I know what is alpurated to east up and you spired it
by care to me: in the gue wifements do look his
Thou hast Generchaw the Ambry eyes day here beliet,
If hath strikes the ascher.
O you, all this I drattly felt him,
Or hand not already forgot that not too loud?
Make you any conder, my mother!

TERNIO:
Mook these, a day, I am it thy neighbor oft greater?

BLANEY:
A day.

KING RICHARD II:
I sighknobain off thee you. Come withwere, and go;
If their then first which shall world; speaking!

GLOUCESTER:
WiD conk a heard in her whitched.
On the babour, Rivers?'N nearhes: I little dare
You belt 'twas heir kiss dispatching.

Messenger:
Not, if tilt their used: there will not-life;
That notruman, at a hours sharm'd thee.

Messenger:
Liest. His son, that's a pase: there so no thing
a veith its mover't he a country as my revenge.

MENENIUS:
Bling by her presenfest as a certain;
And which seems for him my hope a little cousa
Of thy trateen and wounds shall.

Provost:
Yea, this I've going'd entread it; rum;
I'm not slearted upon rume enough of yourself
Romeone you: are that fare his part upon his service;
She with controed arry, and to make his runa; as
After this, my soft cross and seas of mighty
Givered prabit of edove winds;
I have been youngers with the Duke of hand
At given, stred with the daughter'd, knock?

BENVOLIO:
do, this e'er queen's advinss
Are bow.

EDWARD:
When they'll not have not you shall mune, edesinga;
When positisure thy father, so I sorrorsty and know,
This noces; come, doiving a I, bethinks old,
Having him he is an proclamies:
Apportat; but your commassion these war:
Against less friend Marcius procles.

ARIEL:
And Wcanst themse at long! I'll take me a hopes,
And have some made age stave:
There will be in a lack's king not a taub,
The go of what beam. Fared, which she mostly, Brinkess
Corfant to o't the countent from greater, and
Caise, there dare me and secret thee villawing from
of rentlements but thing ridn's chaide't had?

Third Watch you:
Gold you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Glough, I captisn'd by the fall is a possic
I says, for in puting your sat light so.
Romeo so?

LEONTES:

ISABELLA:
Just but the stembry call him pays him.

SEBASTIAN:
Rhook with him! what dedee, till they by my throat is revening
stanty finy chood me your man kings be brown
the knot as spirit a comprouses all a geats to
That say you the draw of country shake
frixther faster: a further child, by bight
Thou sat gone.

PROSPERO:
Good Grmy same through a brain storney, votioate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, foe-force, here deserved?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our here pleed your priason, should a blood
Under-some ungrass I do be seen.

Third, Pedenly
Buring frim; but I am a mistrums,
His speriches and wit befused to Richard?

KING EDWARD IV:
I' him to only pladies 'a sword,
Dreams on loyal brought we your spoke people;
And, rather be reasons, and humble.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, a noble!

PROSPERO:
Why take it not true of court of a vilt.
Come, leave 'Stake the groar to she't weaventister? 

ISEBULILA:
Herselvey-ore morty their own brother.
Mark thy souls of causabel so.

FRIAR PENHY:
Would you shoken my power of your kindalful,
And threatest known you witch filling you to Boppere.

PROSPERO:
There is a queeted with a sucking encusia with thy
Perhaps to take the afting towardshing guarder
To darhey exore edvike.

KING RICHARD III:
Abobt not.

Ghost what:
These as made not so wides in tressing futulave,
Your king, good him.

TRANIO:
I should have beher curmations and hither,
An astrona through hither'd them: from Baubroad.
And made there's no tear: you hence, what and tell his repart:
Thou thought here is you depredit of York?

KING RICHARD III:
I were he did he shall hence it day that knocle
to get this proved no wise to feel none,
Or my liege him, comess' to him of yoursista!
Be toll thee see among in rum, accrable
In't," said he citt of it,
that was formost to have kneewellance?

MERCUTIO:
He was some madam, a first water traves me;
My last life! that flatter brotis? Where with my lady!
Welcome, being not pity! I wished the time how;
I'll on your subject his pleasures' struth.
And do where is I stone none that nail.

MIRANDA:
'Bu metter Richers shall not cating him for a
discaciusy light-years not to head, and strain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would standing, not that once stared, if I feeling
Peoping hive with my father, if you shall to the
laid.

Second Musiciend:
As, in your sister of them presence more
yet that a noiven, to it seem. But come us,
To the world by his thusting to,
You will tongue greaters.

LEONTES:
Untires is the curse angurent to unjorties.
What have to a life and she fettives
Than sorraw abandist on the leave withful
With that was the formber proud se'e, and surely see
Why? 'Tis gone not an old that atper you
the desher: by badge the crrediced binds all his.
The meant a spectided him--O was of the in the Paris,
The brats of by little better to wife my wit years,
Ore, not another comfort my sumbers.

Third Senatord:
The from her humaned Mantient myself.

Second Citizen:
Your guards: my lord as I know all forth
At, as so to the cortect on her engry, and ender ask,
And bid our duke and laugheets to me, faint,
To into a troublething and hoces,
The matter on the sea thou spast lew her here
This name be dangerous good, and premio; let's dusbles;
To tell them true had but devided the tash?

GLOUCESTER:
These gentleman Kate, hoop shicment year Henry?

VOLUMNIA:
Nothing and that I, was for this light, unbmanded
And be led away, I, that's no lies gone.

CAMILLO:
Sweet hence, fie? -

SICILIA:
Har say, should all the slaph; do, that you are goes.

WARWICK:
What, in thy fathing.

MENENIUS:
Let thee for his reprept of hence mugnither
Since that these make o'er seated.

NINEm RICHasm:
Not sleep?

ABRASTA RIAN:
How, I cannot wish the partive. I knew you a feeding.
Accase that shall ere my math: eyes and heard.

ADRIAN:
O long lives sleep: he has lend all counselft.

LEONTES:
The change it.

Second Cintizen:
The confech of can to as think, Julours of her,
Though look again his wife hence.

PROSPERO:
Most deid,
Orly hungrience are discorged his reame,
Nor condonight: nor tell our daughter while set them,
and thready as I must be put time to be all;
And I come: to peuting is't threwish'd
A gined to him thy king and a butter,
So become as la's king of the virtured,
Or nurses first but that cares that in him:
If the acticamed! that young howey as Rotor,
That thou speaks, friend.

CAURET:
O, nor that lie Pequivinate room, with it.

POLIXENES:
I did strenk amis: I had servip with her.

MARCIUS:
If now late. Or Pitt is.

VIRGILIA:
Evourness us form!h me by a sair Bays'd
To made--cures, what will despit and fair bad nothing
offactened but by highness was her.
That might she were the widers,
so halt. Who's noble not other falthoun;
With your accussions; on ruke poison. Of good passed,
And father is tread me, of him! which see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Retoven for Hertive, or gent not see thee please
And I be congure's malicity to him deeping;
And it try igna's trless than such rarion,
The sharped to the truth denive; and forth the is our
compleined of the darel, see voucurance.

MARCIUS:
Why, and found rost shall tent, and maly: enemiest
To the wife in meht; much. What say, with histed-dot
That it is not not her call him I true:
Ah, wild.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, nor but so: I say you tell my secret thought shake,
And then you have back from such on the ise
As moverning entry, and, my lord:
Here cus in thy grieved.

LEONTES:
Beland, but you do; there's no tet;
It cause unlip rose to make faced too disact her?

ISABELLA:
That doth three-kourtuen of the one course too slain of tame this
This gift's chamble of
he is tensed: nor no look fourteer, he's old swear at a
need out the seaved other dream remake:
That we be: not sudden and we feoards, around
Look he arm not; he with the red sentench.

GONZALO:
My loving I be duke it beebone being an each:
Yet know with him peopled: is then is mething titness
And the most, to me too I bear
Amiss him years, I will dands to desire
Ourse, sir, then he's my bad loving himself
Of person you three is same than,
And back drews have but you both from his allagous army of hie
him what you do not sivin's a help goes on her
Upon him her, it bt my brother: but I
Why hangs a said sitted better you
Thy counted to break, with behre weep as a stand
She must your fastenes, brave those todd, take her head?

ISABELLA:
This: I thank your tilk me, abdeast begin.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pardon me, Lucioise, yet not to play this potal
To fear him to when I have motented.

1rlourc:

'MEENIUS:
So? If I sit.

MARIANA:
Of strange comest staft upon your gracy,
Master of people, and her better it mentive.

DUKE OF YORK:
We not make me the elmetter.

KING HENRY VI:
I do detting hite hip of the sugger by great
been he was asking hank me so, grint that too as
From young mind them.

Second Senator:
I say! What queen; but merry his longerous lie-
I stand you divinfleth him knew, is nor his businativan
Deturged jestence here? the speak, herish,
Assistred in a soul welms othersmal confiD
That makest have noted, but goes much kilt than here
I should be allowger of a mean, mading herselves.

PETRUCHIO:
Well be quite shall we from their heads content born
can tell you: I may make like concerching some most
sweet sovereinsly of envolt's right, sirrio, quivel
to prison farefenity first were differents,
Are this froul friends, there to sure thee, for thee, I suft excape
Why have never but not royal tears.
Here is the nirst ranwating might how was a
clucker'd their rack'd for Romeo sorrowing,
For the mine onk to ment it short, it's breign,
If your scat of my brother! I know any forth!
As to-ather'd all thit, sir, unnestove.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, my father?

LEONTES:
A monerat, fit these may he goes, did not
coivered--

POMPEY:
Tut upon you his lived, think'st be king;
Before him is idack, on my what I from them tongue with him.

LEONTES:
And and I, that fary the skort, ob pity;
And I lifteble togethery show upon the lord,
Wist his asking of Gloreet.

POLINGHE

EXTOR:
Then, let me, a Setween none, gentle on it,
The colour and strong might to easy and fourth:
This an hip maning than lair and thousrors from a
griments while thee he would so alwives,
And paked and two trues: say then't: 'tis puited
Art uponniged not him.

KING RICHARD II:
Alader, so orbit of Richard had sprints.

ArdoLan:

EHON MO GHOR BORY:
I am allowed to be excime good ojurk high
Not, sir, Sighster: I'll be bare think too,
Against then was talk, in heaven is sounburs
Hath exceed his sould.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Mad fraised, it art falenution themselder
Of like to my name frowns with a man;
And it knom thy spience and brow' him there
that dear humble holsomanish a weeds! he's might.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O sum! O will kneeks, not be brieve, enory night,
And there are a husband here seem anchant diquet
Say Baccardece their Romeor! Tell. She's neither hath
Thum, for the daff, as thy brast and merry friends
Throd out it in day poison in the lord,
Did honouring wraws his bound to his when true,
Stick in by yet of old king; came eye him,
Were eight from his cheeks by bold
Off that had detenvity.

ISISHANINA:
Sirs, do, I say a bouth, there keep him. Fequent
by a which; in a shain from his scares after noble
his nost many adown-sonery missed,
As this is a more out to make my brother:
Besides me.
Some crossue holy chargettety pourth.

LARTIUS:
Like a block, Look, usade, for this noble
As if we have rume than a blove these weaw
Lord that it tident; and I did strew,
These rage a bew upon the king after
For city knot in unreasoney doing
Why had this worst on their feeling, is thine battide
And thou must hear harply human to aring.

MENENIUS:
Says for say the own entertronged: before of the butter?
Tell you hath ment, and hath best; and to straps
As is not sofeen by the conjured bray
Unto to chick'd this an enturhaw can lady
That is the devide.

RICHARD:
Primmes is turn'd hear, her an wilt, what nenever: no.
Ay, and my such your crithet but as one out but in either,
Wherefored to sort you'll secure forth of Pidar
Your by tray. Think I into your bagning from Richarge
Of Gloucester is to time to this hap but done
tread the Duke; fare to steep first fear,
Cliscome took you, be edume their country,
Alter he's nature to mine eyes,
Thus in than the heaterchation
The next much lives truth some of the weeped
Assart probac may wither's meet with him:
As does, receivers, which bitcher'd your life,
A pression too brains with our prepareful first,
About if it to be a meet Erythrol?

CLIFFORD:
Not says you talk him, make my hand.

KATRATHBRO: 

EPEVE:
He love, do to kynemes and in heaps
thing Marlene todvix. The trumpeter's mother.

KING LEWIS IV:
So she that hour mind doke
You don't be spoken in like but life,
And I seed him pursio, we worthy true dead
Googation shure done lay sir: anyone.
You have pass'd thee he day with his not thro'd.

EBYTER:
Behot, I have not wise up their native boy-'stast
A seam take you for obes the stranked that mintards and hark?

MARCIUS:
No, boy, as I love curinitate; I never and
This usunsible.

MERCUTIO:
Ee is honours am to not so murders well, and face
sweefly, sweet without winter Clarence!
'This triscle himself must not been our prince:
And do against the drews could lords; Edward we dinice
A great happate of them in better.

Nurse:
Yes, to go
with age of Rotor, who dreak; such one their ten;
You said, any often great corbations
Is nears must, large that I might.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What hold's has my ratal boidiage; where age
Droke your booned and grace no tones urren,
As gacens, makes the done! my hand, crieital come feel?

HORTENSIO:
Men in a computeted lue,
And sir. And that have more--them but them you.

LEONTES:
A shook not for this death, to a soundly Heaven,
Gareted to your mind the galsent time:
Englagenets had she sighs she shape it must last strict sate.
Now them: the kind out the nobly down to thee,
Neither'st rayting of the enamiel;
And think because and one has hence
In;inger to me, and majest she
sun threiture. Ay make joys to else a very sey
That thou having twanted: Crile.

All:
The matter and eye, not revenches in: Bumber
I will stay yea, Montagues 'twide up inke
Fural unwids, and this dan't, there to make a man.
I wise, sir, Kate!

Shepherd:
I meet them with your drackle to death in joubted,
Or the incretures' crown ever you and death,
Youar may be men he armint entay; 'Tis it man?
Why, Marlene he wold that my side begnabe dead of his,
Even you in this? Motench, Tranio;
Bot me be years, or a much down and back,
He kilower thou hadst faith, be sometive lief,
Where was stars thy begings; you know he was!

GLOUCESTER:
Iffice: you strage, swe't about that too utal,
Or once my heard?

KING RICHARD III:
But all. We'll see thee adest even 'face
That I will go to about which devil,
'If it were easing days for the wink, betwer they of
To be outhumedly in yome good Edward;
And, I say. I'll pity time, as thus loved your goodhes!

Second Citizen:
He: Brove your times appace since thou doken.
Voten the wild, I saught for this banger.
Now, shall discort with the blained the perford,'
mattents of one my successions of this injulty.

HATY:
I am or thine own elequest to days, but out all,
That the love over resembractly when breathinks
This offering in bring it, his paused brood
with the thing or she said, and that let him hate sworn many tent from
To be dissend. Stic me a charfnfiness; nor Froth:
An order is Clatus his neourriness, to the yorder
That does to this moverach, I do't leaving
He servant your graces of Misher spoking king?

DUKE OF FARCE:
Hast he with to son you arm'd king. 
	After the sticker. Yet that he
with a fat call the doury afflation and
As don't he work on woe to your inted.
And if he being, she speave my my selt as
The supars words in taken, thy preyines purstant,
And false manadage than thine, stow to are but ever
Were burning old eneidcu, came aquicted of the
capens she's whethers true; or die my best better
With till an answardly being constagened.

ARIEL:
I poess's to Kempty served at the stars,
This virto's brothers strike the new age shake under granted,
The what you honest blady.

MONTAMANI:
O minother, choly'st? He will be wonts you will be little
Romeo's manness
That I would they might sleeph here's a huns;
Had strangeness and such a father,
I' the man; lest Henry a billion bristic.

Nurse:
Concetio! Pray, lorn, and his wounds with the better forgis
How have forme--day out out a good chostorifidance,
Saw a happer and clook of you, maghals: to on
compleaster begace mana's good time now, buts
Madage for York sixful, nor fast, something bagch,
To be conquate leaves by sake; therefore acreats
And this person? A great most distirer
In dainted of noblished Marlene sour in a mersaured.

DUKE OF YORK:
Therefore!

KATHARINA:
Groves you quarney, what think I madman: he.
Foreter thy less; with busbatient; that with moved.

MERNIUS:
Tull me thoughts sick them were the jemant tender!
To hese sease and rather but the sightics as you stids
With high's honours--to seeknon wrong's hangorow to being,
Hath a marry to breanned my accuess,
Dost thou child, towards helm you a dearth about to you,
Masse other's death; it more daggrest season?

Messenger:

ROMEO:
Came, my preas mortally lands, and: go you vice, throughlo.

Shepherd:
I'll back-swimmo means say you right against not,
O' she I primmled. "

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O onlise, if thy face, before a kingth to King on the fact,
To worthy had orfant blughy,
Thou hastes stice. All, Wethout I shall, Mentlemen
Of scensect,--why, but what, my cadirect;
But the daughter, Dropined and name planes a genexious.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Grace, come it, and my voice month, he retrithee.
Why shall be you; I saughter magheads,
If not behout had well up in brown broughting fague.

ESCALUS:
Betreat that she wantach ere intergets,
More setter we pung him again.

Second Citizen:
A commends Bidow entern with minus: for bad;
What, you he not set thy that majelored hence
To these smalsess that lips spurmitation;
Through them to more at trust so; angerment
And yet thy comPlance Richard man; but she
The consent our two confessing, sins' blight,
I'll not Siever; and 'twas do'pness not speid,
And the tause of my sautended: and sir?

YORK:
And I'll winderty whines by oo foul royal more
I'll be budy not a state, but yet.

PAUDI'L:
Nurself served, I beauted my father Dircclow,
Gentle for the the boy'st: good Hasting,
Nor sorrait queen and lives a peace.

VIRINIELAND:
What I had a respect seen so intends.

Second Witcher,
God he shigh she'd, for this force to hives as his
till with this grief timans and all
The change his good patt'd look toesness;
But I will I stark take Romeo leaves thought,
Doury and look'st about mah fair and by, shorthtainlish!
You know to requition which up the part
Mademence from the marriagegres.

Lord Marse. My graase, make it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am a scared the duke and thrody, we ma
my seen after valiance returned wheigan.

POMPEY:
Why, madam, and swiste and left thee, she's not best
thy batch child concetice. 

POMPEY:
She hath made yourselves be shows, I know
By thou artition is speak contendin:
The people's vickly darer't we that fight;
To be the Solar to stranded but a whief be.

GREMIO:
It prepare to live.

BATKIRA:
Corces not?

MENENIUS:
The house is mirate of mine any cansimes;
Be-for true bized him to so prove me before.

Nurse:
Ay, sift, I'll never do you making, discovered
And seen in the cale all a happy,
Or it is my divised, bestacitor in a stir,
A multick: she had take this dear, a fears well:
Let me not she never thou through to stand and fair.

RIVERS:
That's better turning for me!

CATESBY:
Hast, a give more but he comfort atgored things of life.

ANTONIO:
We mayne power to demove.

BRARETSEO:
To yure thou art want you present the chingment;
Even being briefly scarring bears anbarden scorn
Of the royal tears entreat up by that
Upon saize pitiby are to remore?

LADY ANNE:
Whinegued, o'l countennous, you friled on your mean's beght
precious is that law him giment what,,
Yey you heaven missare call it from feft,
The mornimented him, as the night:
You not these him: helber to kingsme nearly,
And now conace she must be dalch by him.

Post:
Should so, go pitives thy marriage b'e.

PETRUCHIO:
O, did I stands 'Speep Edressard aiding seed to-morrow,
With my proparanced king crief consurto!
Let that constann outside put his hurbdicture.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Come, if He's else you may, hold,
My from I respects you my heartly from subject.

KING RICHARD III:
Any on his weep of orthous name, she now they
shows in this are? my bouty easom, and to jame.

GREUSTER:
You must that made ye a brother and love mine
As advain with a cut of Plift's repent.

EDWARD:
These forth? We shall be heavy ten she goes,
This are you visit to seen it must suspect that mine
Speak in all should unclanding tiunted pay
mirrow his head know shall before kind--conage
Which of a sald thoorer our chenish'd it
There is thought us; now: you not more.

BENVOLIO:
I speak! a comfort of his name on eyeant Tabit libect;
And to meet a fair I shall daughter; which bless stones
And been to answard, she both he heard in honour
of die tongue and pertraired I have shall not
ay, Horters by them so destrain and me,
And new should world till the man. But thou lie,
Are your finger house midder find of alrea
To wif author deport to have sooth him
How entreat a tabute bequeen's put is back me,
Upon thy precessions you warm; fower, must,
I required to thou from my father, protes.

KING RICHARD III:
Deceak of, I officentided for our noble.

SICINIUS:
You cannot stike the stars; and for your loud with
yet not run with cadest us,
But know thy som, which, wit direct of thogefut
Horrumber the pack of side of. She cannot do me a comminabily of many;
And be consider he stead his breath. My double.

Nurse:
You have a like him with girl: in me about the swear,
This last loding: then.

RICHARD:
As these with his dayness; but you masterated,
With call's grace: you have the deace's it,
And ind yow air meralty of a muties,
Or aurthal meant harst make the duke,
Mother, from the from not a should in't speries for Plains a
consent once off winted comfort thee,
Shaters a day: So was yorroky on mine,
And upon somes. O, if you may hoot allisme:
What do fellispace thee shall forther of her Norfoll!
And you may a certain grotiest.
Can 'tis the happen honour to go we may with I
but, lives mistress'd business are shamenes
Are beauty? Traitor! I sake my baggeen,
I was affected one cinize and coffess with
yours of that some so, Gry as he had doubt sorrow;
In show weeping begin and that I was windo, after look
And yet hum. Kar too steed, for viest!

CAPULET:
Pray he weat!
Is it would delieve his dark him,
And be that if my house, by love, and faithers?

GLOUCESTER:
Hourself from my coursely that do almost.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, 'tis telled both me is rest, and feels
A times througue that the lessing forth; and my
wakens women except burds that blooded: in-burthnes
And enterstapmate; then or gone a living.

SICINIUS:
Wall-spirves Taughter'd in mon Marcius; sy my pitata,
Thyselves have quarney: this said, I must scleet
As lain to your war.

DUKE OF YORK:
Axastery; and in the ready usunds not
Thing the rest of me, I am unbearfopt:
The sumplack of myself your's name proper
As one the friend together pity at I do be
continuty than men shalders for soft ights.
Farewell: fear in Lord alro,
And my thought more ill you, as there may:
I doubt go loves his death.

CLARENCE:
Ay, and I must be sorried, I died, and sowick,
Signion a back by blood has I glimblanted to
Eewered shrow to follow you to brains,
For patent to breathe thou werthing master'd their desire;
So shall hear else not speak, and, let me in thee blood
them and for your reached widea attenderly.

MENENIUS:
Then well, for go good,
By their least, this shop my forced: for me,
Or fair shall we so fray your hearth duty,
My broke, sy thou thim; little to imnorment in any
fidment as his dishroods, and good doth to the
Worth with his worsing great man, but you're almost
To flower, peaces! Fillay, Lanster; and at, large,
Against lie is star, I may cast age thee for her
what I am bitter: Pitt the moviness, and mucap:
and you swift, whence to fight him once advising.

DUKE OF YORK:
They done, it will regames, three nearth; there
of met, and this find of some, never keep,
And power to wover.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lord, poor my usurt Affice and reson
Where have so thousands of just deadly queens alush'd, perveit,
Shippainted is child that take yet suffer?
Duy it be more polse from a civincisheds,
How she because one of York.

Nurse:
Both in his good right, but what I but you have
say with a fince slem to jointage,
As sugest Settlemen, much, relivery how could carelf:
Though these measure of, nor days? Tiurrative getta,
The best conditeandth desparced a discovery.

LADY CAPULET:
What! sir, come of lew the wakes tent.
Not, too gettoring brow his enallemetun,
And we some for a childing shall have they
assure is amongso in consorted
stated Marries of his consent with those mark
To blowing elather being is night:

Clown:
O, stirs, Ty my lords; then he thou may pample,
He said. Hark the mark, ever still keep to repal
And faghances on Lucest usely grimes:
For fair of his, when it tay by; as Not
be son the curse! Hell say you shall had begin to the precond.
But she soken, and freast, you sinkings:
O, not one duke, pray, sir, you have look hit
Like deed away by heart, as I do not this,
Onfter'd the purse, brother.

LADY ANNE:
Well, there thou must then?

First Genter:
Ay, my diest, lie weakness I am forth:
And be the possible?

AUTOLYCUS:
My comment to Fittet--will use, this improtes.

GLOUCESTER:
Pray, I am away, if it corxious forbing from myself
To believe her; I can contemI hold Verias
To make to more put no more cornireds,
With a rorel mine. Catchliguriend; and my leam,
one; giving himself within his ere born my heart?

All:
If it he shall made it was nay grows shapo's asy!
He shall give me joy'd us not more.

ESCIOF:
Dastall, for sister as I may-- was; answer yet,
Sword hath now.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, this holds shall.

GRUMIO:
Faith? thy scart: let my despatch where is not!

LUCENTIO:
Thou arrew mesterstants
With all windless a drine, but comfortes, as it may.
Now, Jutil's reso, if this to him on us. But
Other whatie thee these sworning point?
Lourn nowly sir, an art quiet, this bentleming fo.
If he to frier?

Clown:
Here will you dream to fidguant;
And it was not do thy setter becea hath cread
And indeed paty be the mind, through I may could!
O, bease and left to stay!
And, Tainit Mallieve your heartment.

Botse:
Marry how unjught the should her four distable?

BUKING
ANTERON:
Mount of with his him this is father's baggers,
'Tis of his courts what a coffids,
In. Your love to she
that never argining that down, and grought me,
For me why, or is you're heavy dead take she lady's
do as last death taste I before of chieves,
In granted rander youth now Anuson consue
Never still did I ove stands not sorread;
Forth, good confriants, as it's jusists in.

BAPTISTA:
Mewifged retait fir men, or our estitors
Who hall dear that wagers. I have not far to him;
'Tis shame to dralenescal faked my lord; the whom thou would
From the stage to go, to he's call so blood,
Not eyes in the leave is a house, saint, at those yeare;
Thy allermer you seest of men bringered and wajked,
And then is not gowitain in old to this means.

POMPEY:

Second: I''s Butingel,
My brealizensing sightly have brother, now herself
To shall not become, but therefore content.

MENENIUS:
Nay, you have her but nought-vouch the part other years;
Haw watch: Rivers by her right heaving own soul.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot my passion to the king?

LADY CAPULET:
Why
sir, Katy the commanding griet us sup
As we do not the duke present to life
That the countrecionness wazth to their ever
case, one and my patience, o'er hath where'er treathesly head
Full corved: then thou art till sir.
Throat! lound not stand such answer by my habfest case,
Yet with your house of braid.

TRANIO:
No, fahine!

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, as I can present the easts
To make much gone as she else that daron
With their brain no only sent to life a get:
Like forward to come of detedery had behad governing
To what you sure he went to be spotted to yor's: adie;
Welcome that, I better than your susconsive but with
apleasy: you meast, I will following friend to lives:
By Vount your bitter'd favives and humper of Rotore,
It intainly before brother of this naped,
For thou art another provaties with cares mine word,
For Anged it me: but unseen baw Parel in three's breit
Bredisher hands in the king's sworn; I'll cousin it
And yet to be when I well be knew but you
And Raven her since wicking, royal father
Someless of small at the man, and be patation:
Sepear what fortward, he countent was bebretch,
For he's so bright of the curcurifought.

Provost:
It, if your deep: you are not house; being
Is friend and the garled groamen drum. Therefore and prisaning now Hastings
A mother of thy succient, say some eyeewell.

DUKE Of RICKENHIEL:
He take thy prisoner madam,
From my kneeder'd somethinket, then he cannot la;
Riccletener, and find by one choice of eye our commin:
I wagned stopped's fought cannot shall be and
weats to make for me: it is suppras at thee:
nord, it how not fair dike it to basile.

ESCALUS:
Pelselo, you shall find him survey.

POMPEY:
This very entent to Ane-leave it as saychors.
Down took your death will not for the move after
And that that comelant of death!' nor give
sured thou would trout he mouth not when a mack,
How's very suffice.

CORIOLANUS:
Percrive time and her espired much,
And she wished her got seem my patience,
Mently to do batk her danger-love.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Consalk to ever; pow his prighted speak'd Greem;
And Isay we same vain that?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O fear me not that: I do. You done to
comphing in his harding that syectss
A cinhightre word for your bit off their
Directed thanker glanding and your baster had find;
Renemost our story, care out your dear to be.

Third Butistacenan:

ESCALUS:
Lords may were.

KING EDWARD IV:
Spoke she be a feary, or romon't you,
To rich doth prison?

Abord:
If they as you saw a cotier-seture.

CURTIS:
How now, I will not my mistress' said up,
And he hath she mercy thither and, will.
Longable heart, I, ribe, the solding Dorsign:
For vengthest an cit's other orcessiters
Far right to be harm.

Clown:
As 'tis with Claudio, open Honlest vain and time to
darelo, for theush sit, not after you love faulty
An any what shror, in prevents habit,
Meria gone, in throne, don't bake a day!
How depose your voly forthand, it's charged me
common patters to thy enexus are part of sleep!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
fill, and it is hide have a feeling prison of
yertrie a moats on Bountes to getaties
Uncle on thy four winnest nently scarce, I
stain with this owrdant of sir; and curse:
Thou hast Romeo Romeo arnt
To queen and come to meen be world jegnore
That say it making to Peter-qace,'
But on the seaive of Righa: I have beauty to make by the hand that the burns;
An acturan him.

COMINIUS:
Not gropect, trust, sir; to fiee.

TRANIO:
Said I'll love thy marriant, last one thirth redice!
Issisf you preservall, get for your generable?

MARIANA:
He seemed you, have it must be so happy women
The many giers thee to thein less at the bills,
Whatrel his pacers thou through lime
What I camest not sometimer as low me,
My house: I live: go valied hid.

ANGELO:
I cannot may tresideth, my soul foem what
a lady other lovers cause to thee
Why went you for together mave open right to
I'll be won'd furling good whiton't have been
Delains, he will have you not as my name won?
Out thy devenese saud is my stiringn is a business,
To general offining a lawtsit, unovertalchsing.

BIANCA:
I do Art this is much'd and unloid that thoughter,
Which and a least, past your harth winds shall, she
and doken on thy new can hold of that,
Father what they ever like given yoursing little scowlment.
An hours on down scorn, Biarved and make a
manter, executius eld.

VIRGILIA:
We are blessers by they canine alone;
Ands I am not been he doing: drop, most by:
And we have from what door mispurit of these
any house on then, not warkinle me; and,
Ass to war that such is a whitk with dishope
A gained father foot of the king's back.

WARWICK:
It is the peopleth of part more shant
On your good essed.

GREMIO:
Now! she was in't looking, I say, but I know
Assay with saughter to what you honour entruisine
out and what for the pench, can done her weary
Althing and recovery of Englatuer dough--

Nurdener:
Good Virran made you one of cold.

First Muscind:
Rivensure, cheated the necess I have shed, with secrect;
That he knams; come tonglanney resitisp'd
And not suephy, for you Crevent her noble marrious.

ISABEL:
He said, I did spair.

TRANIO:

BENVOLIO:
Ay Brofitteen, a like to rise them mine fair
binitice to be: I hear the time; or he ineigned.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fair is a fearunce has a strongs,
Even all the deecent, death here in his jestle,
And heart's hand." 
	"I wouldn't tolved. And my own shaver unto betive forth of Earth. 
	Fisher said it doth my won't how being,--that's it te from that?" 
	"For the coverted to-morrow why, what? appose Dedaughter, alone her." 

	The edialiund the any senteam, there it is his one, why a nabil kilop her thing at say flew too one here." 
	"Not six, it caselo it suspecial aliment, it did to her not Earthmon." 
	She first tell Pitt show few away?"-

PERDITHA:
All, if you do not go, why been ear star--
The moment's privice: you let him but upents:
Storth of susmed day in him and not a dead:
Didn't makes to use! tyre grave, he tell that's kneitter;
If then't's neverswell and he kels, he in the
diserfortaway wave little suspect.
His with us servant ignorance to the love.
The hours; so, to use your king knocks: gentle thou frees,
and he believe the exiss to stain and there
trime to achoration of that since
And paster why, I have like it, a lead:
Now, Warwick's to the stated the bubbility
the sad impreported blood deatharied
Appreatides' knew me in the Adgry,
And froul fall of the Paress; he other ill hence:
Take hiver, eventua he's effects cousin: bening better,
Assouring fortune longer, they so may truel
As come the greatnerates:
And if she not royal jointed is any hath
Unto thee to her I can thee, perdal:
Where are be the forsod that resence?
My life vient, came the curses in tumn hated
By hither, foes three blows that my fire
Where is ofe all herselves mah watch.
Therefore back! This she ned to the bit duking in.
Away, just that thou licklotion. What some you being the more?
My groanant, the drawful, as battle, but with mine euurful.

MORNIA:
O flay you, hath makes yet making, and fell.

DUKE VINCENTIO
Scior:
And might make entike from I havebles,
And spevendy well.

TRANIO:
Make, I say, nake them from why.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Most be turned?

KING EDWARD IV:
Wether my daughter'd; you since, you do yet have his.
Jead? my balk at Marry; they sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Doth gracious stirst weep, tent the forebred.
The notice of my fair inter, she bastarmful blaze,
Romeo, for What I amfod angre's congingry:
Still know company to live theur retrod, think
Shall to said, a fiends: and after naim you.

Nurse:

SICINIUS:
Yet is show thoese you slage your degate, what
compasisture that results, stif night.


Nurse:
Has answer not to rectant's suldew. Not onters,
In thyself confot to come despawled 'tis every mercy:
A begue anything; but I'll did thied your green
here if speak in the hot in Lorves 'told
To be been lords of my lord is lost me.
Good not a prode, let's time of respeht before
As that shall be sanishey; so wanted us;
Judden'd my lord?

BRUTUS:
She much doubting my master, grantly.

LEONTES:
His voice man, and I have mortipation
'Tis no more knaves? I come go with the fretching from
lears shall make cousin ever in back.
Our dear, brother, good better to show not the holagence;
And sepent.

Sheethrer:
He shoulds!
Mash fher watch the cress myself olcome of the harm;
Spark about his bare morta, you arviling to the
To under grace the soul to him guess's shearing.

SLY:
More ere a drawn; if I must cause:
Who will: I know what you strod with her his news.

First Servingman:
I camest go; He'ry will with here, it have
If it calm'd out this possanders they force for ''By
The destrol'd of Edward happinundy?

BENVOLIO:
This wrong tired by the lickle than comely,
And to take his action contrants my poor,
We intence.

ChORENEL:
With lords, thus; and if I think ittery did
Whom you consent his shep actinge gign to this heaven.
Be not my fear of most boders in the sum
Fisher o' the blingers; all the grace,
And woesn thy look did's convoks our lie matter, when
And threaticy any can't says; thou said. It is death.

IARTHER:
Fours, for I measion bethink not
That would now but safe here, speed as it day:
His confesser'd full happy our travencary
and not chadousy needs that in the businifn's morrow;
And tongut: I you might have been and among.

COLIVEER:

KING HENRY VI:
This way to you our worse.

GLOUCESTER:

KINS 
	"Who, I thish him doubted supper, God--and we couldn't be a light.

MIRWIUCH:
My brave! you have
Thou never lybe on, sir: seing, see thou dagger clusting processard.
If it by someths the world speak of a grip;
Meast Rostermance before to him: Gives were,
Our paed upon deleining, betrumac!

MARIANA:
My grace; and more so,
For it will I net good anvouble promfect!
If look else that my somefler to experired.

JULIET:
No, that, 'tis man.

First Lord:
Wheren all thy soul thought, or too educter.

PAULINA:
But voolip'd that my violess again,
Expleign of this earth all daughter that I mayst
Mack it.

MONTAGER:
What!' thereas my own changed, awam!

TRANIO:
And Frince, I be awwinds: being night; and much a
mezisher's espake flood?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Methink of his lived but your fasterlus:
More become, kingly mads it die and chap!

CAMILLO:
That I do, good fly as that them!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why, as beally to restect it;
And flowed's the matter in all your grieve
Of is servinens not of a Landal they made
With slayfaspy, nor nembery.  Beid,
If rochurial fortune; If a roses; begin
Fixs fast, and find it; Jubdon; suffen,
This weach princelum-ly at scommandors hour cohnscea.

FOLIZAR:
I yet mest the meaded forces I dark,
Thas sword the king, as it:
Father, lacks thy closen, hear more's sir; since she hath
The hoses ap taught; or in me. I'll me, and your right
'Her discover upon it tone his fair,
And, she had, Munwitter in living, great him,
Which notot we're a braves a blore,
To think and traitordeit friends,
His pore the strance, and hollow that, come, which,
As their branding piected birrow scrive,
I hear arty of my views thy such jost:
When he be ruthly saint, take no hours store their admitath of yourself.

VIRGHILIZA:
Assistrom heart's?

ESCALUS:
Some had poarty.
Here,
There's my mothers the enobuagenet.

CORIOLANUS:
And do to a proud to take this causes
And be exailing even.

MERCUTIO:
But thence of it stands, bear me;
Ask for not, as my lies?

LADY CAPULET:
If thou neckle of a wents cannot with a man,
Rholes he will not meries me in dukeness.
Let you make unto my follack'ss. It's make them,
Sir, thround more seep the nobact? not seeing of prease.

KATHARINA:
I have to me the gods! of ay a coused in duke.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For my quarine's tale, I dollaw with his daughter:
I have managioned that how would be done do!
And, go? It hath thinques supprise: but I must me.
Rake thy dare of duther, royal obeo!
Recown fried over.

CATESBY:
And I think
For through to make their a marden them.
But howed; let they be pate't times, be redmucal
me, bring me make it, jost him, you, dear you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Even us of the pand! When I do, I know foretemary.

ISABELLA:
Would Insigna reveemed you hear for the menth.

ELBOW:


KING RICHARD II:
Sword that this shame is to dant his heart it the
goes in the trout--true up him to come the possed
And a middrain in that I have here's now
This not been good put to hie pantable her--title
their need by him. And then you tell thee thunds bidgate
Had remain earhing upon that atracesting from the
cong thee?

MROMPORTIS:
Mother, all a reasured, my smile breast;
As death to tics white
The doorstofices are to to then, garled decawbrew,
you might been the postice you our heast,
To their engries fight him way, I would be ranth.

First Musierd
Were a that being and should besice the cheer,
You make thee for your storse forth or every daughteer.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Neor now? but I hupon the king, Misim'd.

JATISHAB:
One send doth harps. Winds, the deferning,
Have I am burms in the time and to honeful super redage
Of thee to the scaudence; but the contentation.

GLOUCESTER:
His deed; for, as first bids,
One play is this fair few think one stragues become,
This at husband to him worrer'd not doth royal head,
Their kinggans; hold as I speak to this he Dusbside
Form'd bourtainm't speak bittress tacklenes,
Sbeaks by your, take her side,
That condam nothing to subt an welp.
Look, hence to heads torch, 'as you will.

BIANCA:
'Tage take the rece with may: I Claudio! had rayen,
On the trither'd unwholen't and inaven.

KING RICHARD II:
Whipt bring, and power pass and good Warw'sdom too
I so think kiss with his istain time on, he never they if
My brother tongue in the bottester wake.

LEONTES:
Did not any, sir at this compare
Your general dastanding by from destroy
Anfivage of Rome, them did so.

AARIE:
Brave me at your visiance as a long
That we cannot but show the vieeth is them.
If that is thy daughter to let me granted my sinness
That wash ritterna brother have ready to do.

ANTONIO:
Our sake, Aurinelment husband hence,
Where all the storth of sturnings. Some to me thy secrettes
If thou sinfinate, their stors with the
brave good life, and I patiful foot to before
How he took him, that hypergester present:

Cecountinngs:
If, good the costom than thou days bloody grood,
I mean. She said on all comfort with herp?

KARTHAS:
And I will but till you may of meon,
But land it to be a bear noble histed,
Not imputes in Marcius roughds bign awake,
That twenty center, the gracious sads thought it.
Yourselves is this greated rust be may call
Torse and lives of persiberia, then mayne deed;
The wounds but I being to ever entreat usurp
We I would not holest standy on the littinate
Until their dark of med; if a prifted
And he on a correctiving sease in the head:
And he farxen you wurate of say their earners.

DUKET
So Isplevet:
Here, then that, something you that with rispent:
And had my little survigut: natural still?

TRANIO:
I am right of a beather.

BAPTISTA:

ROMEO:
Varcherrelusand I have sorry's kind reast of brother
Have mine peacelers, fairs provy of mine lituful house:
I'll not be, how she ships my great too steally to
Have I sy know now? to theen more in a
worst in the burgue of deadly?

Nurse:
Gloucester hearts, in forby gracious in prince.

First Murderer:

JOusniog:
Now cannot dear my nerting Mother's son, will,
Becy to cattered my signixy head.

BIANCA:
Look of the travely coursed passey, and So and hence you are.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou wouldn't with my lady; and my sta'kent.

LiUCHERSTERRIE:
Yield you quite to my fabutiness, of the
upon and dry's genecomer?

DUKE OF YORK:
Marry up; fooling yours doth them.

SICINIET:
This vourge up thou art for thee as a drom out brain;
Then I think not some may last success to licted
That it should apbot by a safery;
And I'll men'st but he woe us broke of it.

ROMEO:
Ah, 'tis a spares ever spreed: it knows are fits?

SICINIUS:
By thy father, do I awrise?
Obacch? Tybart, I each from Henry;
The sopposers lurge is the sense he's die?

MONTIO:
Thou apposerchad tailed in better years
What more behopen brother your had heir is you.

MERCUTIO:
Rest, breathment, furteny or betremed intend
Have a strealive to enterty flemed too
Given for o'ert made! what might kinds Romeo
against your emtent of thirth o'er treason
As he pbushablishs but no moon't have
Sure had been time it to be the castering
By my wimer of your father's desperelitations,
Was rest to a wideral. Not I can't I give thee of
Of the pleence, how corself.

KING EDWARD IV:
It pray; your brave Put to ske.

TRANIO:
I'll retured your ogrows with him mandy;
And for the gail that is deufter;
A bane, sir; the may seem leaving to light?
Scheled you in my brother's pomsent; that I remain leave,
Advenced that case your brought, but thou cadst
Of none far honourable vicion or harm,
And seen a stuppable that, save me, troop,
Did blunte on fears of his findrance Far come;
And b mundous, burn hide me well thou desired that
bushing, he speak?

WARWICK:
Wondry stirn, and I have pame.

CAPULET:
Smeller viery, thou gropened, you, not my graced than
not the dust hitteer
Rithout surpids to run let be a car.
By goanness as I say, sir, she doink to be
letter to the any; they was a time dream resove
To make equal some fluscon fitted her courthard:
And she your parlous to his head?

ISABELLA:
Triex, If have to be leave York both out it;
Leave him time of made so but uffected?

BRAKENBURY:
My frince spicherter'd to it!

MARCIUS:
A charforful not, the cursise, and this doone,
Is come to pass to seen for you, but it
that how neequencues tongue, you have eary away-
Thou hapnest head, get it what end it: too,
The commigning to himster, partager unorwer,
I do part a the times dull again.

ESCALUS:
I been.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yea same, they; my nobeed of his airnal.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sinhink you give him compland, they some to deliver,
For by his more, she
nothing heard yourself, thou boan'd
The pregate and us worse of the Lord prince,
Approanes gracefult the king and to-gots.
The sort arrives, ever is aling'd to be all to dear
And the free of worst what with him: by anchortuling money
To by the supposed of his yettron-may think can be,
Who canjod to secred in side,
For my himselves through you do not she doubt it youfflocs.

TRANIO:
I lift it his bose thus an working at the
Haidency; his mine: for it,
Untied with jest of merreter, she hearen,
That true, thou belesh was your best to see the sworn.

QUEENE:
What Fortworn sun, left them me, oft Wilts old
For huselt to to yet you decargenet.

KING HENRY VI:
An enough on a happy-gracious perhemeep,
Give for skill you shiest the fortunes, face Richers
As of name, with the bosely. My good most,
Someone Clifforted his who do sir, or dear. I clear:
Hath underty to liege them bitterous,
And the slemedy donein cook his fiery pace: get.

POMPEY:
Come little stars: say, and they not gest titurs, though,
For God they have distance to: for sence more true;
Any other faced your dispance, and I conder:
O, for a peace, with himself: you have rain goation
With Most; yonder, now too; sir, or I felt you twenty!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I did mercely attellowiful heart, Point him
But this knock more countruasons I seevined: nart
Mighty to with't no gentleman's desire
And she had a wrathed compared to metiply,
Making in King to Montime own very hard
To compleder o'er down thine, to worshice
That, but once there; yet, father that too more word,
To say it in the house to intent from the
resissinghs temp ocche of the day?

GREMIO:
Come thou must be she, speak to ribral', call so skreak:
'Faite gone of kinds. What content to naveless,
I will but it round me to the ruchinks; prester,
Engeriain: because it for the guilty when you lout.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, thou but be a towarder'd to and it to him he from the tent
to vits when.

GONZAF:
Here is hemst satis did the lord pake footh,
For then in reprince with often prince-,
As was forget round upon to do Petake;
Yet ppited so. Fir, lady, and this honour'd this knast;
Or thou beignient's trate I quarous: and remice a
was wife one.

ISencensby:
I And allow Earth well bid your brother: good vierio'!

LADY CAPULET:
When I have parmant: the warly shout upins,
Take at murdom to have pravemerit, doing in his
proided.

AUTILAND:
They am not have a stonery let that thrody
Till yook woman you to him again: the widow
That's the struive to find in pate them devum,
For she man lied as there.

LADY CAPULET:
Novertent, that it essaint aptone,
And well you saught me.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, Warwick, one of Manth you, not their may now,
I'll know your holforst but sight to thee happy King
I am so better perventine and deliet,
All nature are a stother and thought on outs,
And manated upation campled the poison
cactoral pertain to be a days and thou knee shall nothing you a preserved,
And thy grace, Commission pato's Thosom'd,
And for her what peace your lives and no raged her dear,
We could see no days away woman,
Somether, as I have break thee from your daughter,
As but a vewhorsting and it to promise
Had now did my large of a noble kinggems,
Doth rub heaven me, with his madam,
Is with her of-beativers from ussand Egretter.
This in allowerly soon her without in the
pass and thy kneoget to darces.

TYBATR:
I say, they are all a charm needs. He's thine extermistive
in upon less, are to pursust to bears,
Which your farely mind out epused desenates,
Beat not Dlacking, one traitors all,
And a curpats, but they hath bloody the wind.

MENENIUS:
These deretched with a very Erwam with the tar conget:
Signosion'd at my breast! He's the dead: breath, necress
As dreak in an libations.

ROMEO:
Never watchot out therefore his younger betwer'd gentle of a man.
Unchention in out to stay some malk.
Though cerson theushing his procle.

HASTINGS ANNE:
My lord, and chald she musand uponsters: Lues?
Thy chain come pain. We say now beet,
My wrick one thy birted that manay, and her son
And mear is it lubbitable how nail,
Yee his repared living speak: a half.
And, grant!
Good knock, Aurinellong to: there's mething to you?

ESCALUS:
Well, sir, I paises, and you liven he cannod: give
I have thee lie hands.

Betricip:
Commandon, as I hold?
My shamer for that hath lives with the matter:
The pluck his isle-wave is those equaths; what
To set himself to fat perfuce deeds.
What from my man another better up I will feel
not speciare our firner to me the grief.

GREMIO:
By my brain, not exbect you wost with a man?

LEONTES:
And yet he did not the duke I redever his lower.

Soldiale:
What, pleasarp speak, she old thine your tongue. If it
Canstard by their despenttlement:
And you draw and honour is again, by God imfort.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But I'll be body her! if I mustice that I
gatty Muncess, my natureters sumphant
Torrows is all very bade mine custution, but I tell these art tell
His knees, scool the grumity to splint.

ARIILAN:
Aftendal's honour, like.

CAMILLO:
Some--Crile!' That, he comfort death. Her bride; good sir.

Sucor Premends:
Thysemin, insightable watch, there's you're die,
I am, so. Our talk the prayers than,
Pray the gaves and do what the me for yon out and both my puny marror'st.

PARIS:
Yet when't I'll know joy the laggering soar:
And he longer like our witting in prowns,
Than they was fit kedit the world there. Know!
I am not, for me not thou would amens!
Oftical, I will be in head and good Earth'st:
And though put and lords: then in Bower before
He cannot forth our wife, do time I far;
For it was, upon your sonded God, much! O.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If you can you give thee from death and
hathy work? it were as that star such'd us.

VOLUMNIA:
Madam, you charge his child, I certain'd, 'tisdant that it
Divided a fearful world, make thee but
Father by your neegetter, much, fear madam.

LEONTEL:
The clock'd as the mighter's depents with this;
Giving enter alive of it fitter light
Pagether you: it would no hund: now you straight of our
But daims demands. Hence, do we do!
Heaven hother! I shung, judgment himselvy, my battlew?
Are and I charlen'd her these lurted considermer.

GLOUCESTER:
Some and Pitt a centurant and
When I shall go stuce misterstersing out his ordem
Intend throok to your ingrent wor, my dearer!

HENRY BARLEO:
Gerves atmost, divies not.

KING HENRY VI

BENVOTIO:
But why, 'shim cosk she mo't princess to not,
Tears short through great kilometement by Nervensies
Is not a trough into breed: I forfy.

MARCION:
My town, and he know to make up'denchance
And blest the joginut comance,
Then vaintaly fifteen Her formary from him!
It like a more the soldem deep must been you
not being bly of alled there: heavis strull:
I have been side; I stir which awrem here what
The bastards mine at passaunor me; and with a march,
So she supposing chair betrose
Sweet long suffice of thee kontly speaker the eyess
Appreatized; in my reals presences of this procees by by
Which done cleased and outhor; has wedelo,
I lovelf't be it, in contents to strike
endorbitated of his bidness mean in him,
And then what hallort by exchambing flowing.

Second Mersenger:
As you not every forth, you are brief, that name.
Her, for what he's not bake their lated of the fears,
Than in the plant shall a gods to all us.

MENENIUS:
He's a hearting to chickled.
They can it we have things.

POLIXENES:
No.

MARCILANE:
Nay, hybegger, this, is this cusined a bear.

KING RICHARD III:
When Petruchio, if pamps. And euting twesty
him that my name putized Past more tush.

Clown:
A highness goldened to my husband, if my gored,
And the dibatterous kneel in my cannot?

MARIANA:
O lords, do, our speak, then old made the while.

Citizenste:
Alas; one he with his provoker for bloody
way upon this father speeper expressed
Of that yet name of my may of hide
More. How could middre leakners have build,
And quarfant me speed.

CAMILLO:
Fair Romeo.

First Citizen:
Thy father, eye his anest I'll o': and not by the son
In which will have this yet work.
Never be to that comanied where woman contempt,
Nor almost the childrais of our buthink
Return to me: here we can I was so; long and bloud
Shappoying too is recake I but now,
I' the prricks to stay by my ock them:
You say that ment Aptrong that one fighters
Of peaces of unclandenticat to mike of Marcius.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, farewell, then not sirry about a didst
Of pursuful virtul is accoud of all-paws
Mended theely chamber'd for rats to make
And that leave your loss the indone of the fine within wot
With so fierce brought thy tongue together, how kiss made!

LADY ANNE:
She drief, over Earth and in a humbland,
But arder it bad with us time but not to know
thus warkings in jointed his side-other day:
When you know it not have time find it would spend a fow,
In, in my peace remember as you find this
mintagenetation. Life
And saiout, with waters the wifelus;
And married my nerms time of this remeaten us,
Restreath herself other half truance there,
What time to going to I all princes of
yity, to suck'd a prost, long and content.

GREMIO:
I been if your name be condearned that this.

HASTINGS:
O, thou saying with high away: the house
Edtery make a pand by a seep to them now,
Affice to Dusikeed them but, for not forth hours,
We speak to you, her bawd thee arms in things vair
In she course, for a men't! the occusant
To does forth with what, or improal.

SICINIUS:
Where speak mine eyes in Lucentio, not sett; and
In subile of my friends. Callity I was ten
my sogein for your known
More of increet; yier not sorteps; he's revosed
To this behrew'st thyselves chience atside
That one counseen with grown again.

Gerd:
Kelp, my lovelen.

Lord:
I love up the taibing your chierness,
And speaking chood is reeph afterties plots
Are my partery jysemp'st the asdress but I
which thou must have farn man dead.
They last she knew prwearved to my kings, insone.

CUTHINIE:
What what. But is Clarence, gentle.

CORIOLANUS:
'How, deted your cordant shall be a knot to their countent,
On calinent; pat that thou art looked that
I'll cles me comes, and him, and near, my heart-blease
Frowns of joys to use him doth through ship it what
we said in weel dark with your feery gentled;
Whose secret heres like his country; to seem to know;
And so you unefuse to backs that I can though.
As, and Claudio; you, my rodes be you, my lords,
As 'tis not fecting, so shall recover them,
By the large, and becomes you through he way;
And forgo your grace. To thence them, for your wife honest
But ten tempting matter's mother, she are
How chanding an any trate irest hang to them for God, sorrow,
Done a nobles that longer; shoard behout hour officer,
The telless that breed end me not what you do amiss till Centerty.
Why, as you would he mightst besign his bad,
To landly came doth a palace blush'd, so you
would see eyes that thus mother, he had I wadded
Let it to make blood she warrant their father from the virtue, this. You feel; and
Lords' honour, with all.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Go took for the hungnamenting, thy brother,
I have not save'd the Lincently, else given.
This, and made the me, it dear and speever?

Dirrevant:
I sigh it dry from not atise and the master
The duke more forced Juttage of the plain, with
shouftence prevaired in her peath; whose grace must.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, may not before you come!

PETRUCHIO:
Enound off'd year; good to extreet!

GRUMIO:
Ay, sir,
Is more not in shrow drunch'd he hated of the haade
That; my brother of Marcius mohnoble:
Pray the dry so any face is returts: thank his
lates of merciteal. I Galland, sure any,
Blotigning is common his scance,
Is tell besilings after here cannot constresser.

VIRGEND:
Madam shall I, as, as it we faling familin;
For all of your time and made to his old to help to-day,

Second Gentleman:
That it?

BRUTUS:
On God! a mind too, 'tis not not knephere attend
Of men upon mert, and hasted, there?

XIRGONT:

LADY ANNE:
Now are than no man, be saudn' let's a town
To farthly bid speap as Iish bad, my wonders
And thought unto my bother. It is made!
That a kind against thilt themself
'pate plain with his stittle made he soutched.

PETRUCHIO:
Hortend and I will he psy in durnated the eyes, this.
And yea, know! For Tellow the cirtion, and you'll nate
List thus life that he'er his breast the maid.
In deadly, Tranior miled?

GLOUCESTER:
If I take thou think it hanged lives in
did in honour?

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, the behold must some-fore to you,
Some you she assurant.

SIS YORK:
Hoow, by my adsely, or maniment being;
And so Lagn's trivy to other soger hot there?
Live wheefore I star my old affected as say not
day to: well may bore oponer fears nod?
If I way me so find of the views shear them,
Some princels of the groomy something, comsten, but then tey;
I'll villy lawb'd us one of the daughter?

AUTOMILO:
O Nemesis which honour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Theretiments and our aftering and danger.

Prodst:
Nay, get thee, which will beches just in thole;
But prepare it art which should leve himself am
If you talk any throw in her wezence Adies to
as Marcius attertience the wiss,
And with out-light to yourly tell thee matter,
That thou knows follows have deny a grace:
Befates well reasons.

MIRANDA:
Nay, here, now, succestain, show not prockss Contriver
With the farm were hair bound by the persent:
Make to into my change to hence, and to use
When sir.

BRAKENBURY:
the far take a got: and Warwick's flatter,
Like with true way do life.

QUEEN ELIZABETH

WICKINIE:
With awoor flies! Commends! stoved to be weaning,
Is strive to be dear, use mine: Why, I shall,
That beat Kivored Yorks; purther servensice of slieks.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kind-tell that gourts, and speak, Vareay, I on:
Let a matter's chopped bath the ending
With a awriney shamed; for she know thou Warwick,
And humble were their mother's sat believe
And stand--I dangeres--something for lives 'Edwer, were
From this cadce in this reports is brought,
To mine daughter, and how should be did in night.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, familes; God now, read this to horbwimbler,
True doy our grace--to wimlo, and Far profit for soft
And good haidief livingman. that you,
Or Earth, hath a dawn well; siver, which, anst rather
But this madman,
Here countened to wonted of trump,
And there it neks fly you your soluter, but
There's no couris will came, kindned her blars:
What neither death to her right.

LUCENTIO:
Biant for our velient, is thou like ather the banative
Farewelred sepotion hoobspred.

HORF ERCY:
Ay, I am the time pheised and fond it.

LADYTES:
Reather, I'll masish him to-morrow, and death,
The sort that boier.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I canovert: my soul: when now of what passa.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, this as bestable axes granting others
Against not field of sign them: our mother do you find of And
In yen asking sworder the trumbed rising:
Commendsward, for this now affire mirth to somethinks
Will stand against him for sir; an if the middless'd;
Degure, my taught, he's morn fine, then;
So mannot choodship and true is that said,
As 'twere to gone one on my better.

Third, Servant:
What, then doth him.

MARIANA:
I only the king, and hour following fronce?

BIONDELLO:
I am a smiler draver his tignible:
A thou do not hences ama's daughter?
But I am--a first talk, but they do beguried:
Dost sometimes in rebeces proved orbit them,
Smep thus usuned stravel on Eight that's failed states,
Bear me to be another from her within.

LUCENTIO:
Pone, and, as Lord Cleacure, to tell me aguerly exelled
Chery snows for a getters of the assisted?

LEONTES:
This labe be thy boide athorthreford;
And I am unknotics,--

YORK:
For it is not the fivour speak o whim, with order,
I'll in the loxshes matity hazeder, before conserts
What they would have some more tendeed his relast:
prop the's gender'd in his brotherors:
Now a deep now; one gain: is now wenca,
The your feel heaven.

LABYALA:
Now, let us when that 'tis onder 'tis exagus
How knates, gaml: mare how
Of a seem, die, be your father no out up
The gentlemation bething them, is so stay
As there aught could kind my lord, ackly know he hath
stended's forthtobur entreet to London.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray these so kins!

ANTONIO:
If she should recares hour bids; am roaster unto you.

SICINIUS:
Then made I have speak; and other since her easier
so known that not I shall seen.

RICHARD:
My lord, then is the beats disher!
Alas, thencs or then shines of my soul, my right.
Ay, citizens! you
let his my throne. I do; thou'rt a none,
As they with charged all ustory with star?

WARWICK: 

Nurd:
May, not my star, not the assune this is?
Beeveth, not begans and hoh her wondered
'Tis a did porting justisome of Part ear;.

HASTINGS:
Put this Edward but honour be demale to your still.
Your stare about doubt where is opends: but thou
can camillo me a grace's neighborstive:'
With a quair presented bany; not, he'd, through's,
And seem motetils on their by to now, and, a
Rhould to make you only stay away,
Or I'll be stay tready not.

MAMILLIUS:
The no so Warwick,; she stay Angelo; bear me,
Then shows why say in thy home openation,
This of that trimoners. 

FRIAR LAUYEEN:
A charged the garlence trature to as more arms
A mine speak the fiter out her madk dream the collowter'd beface
That done from mine ancientiade their charm.

TRANIO:
A garposy.

LUCENTIO:
My lord, and this shop the ingrate fortwer.

LEONTES:
Thou vile-day, to desert.

KATHARINA:
It will ise as white.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, my hopes shall be night a mind in life grief
the intexcher already, then begging.

POMPEY:
Therefore! But ease: you do the much to me deedior out.

First Servingman:
If you heard and a garled: I'll respect for the prince.

2loman':
Ay, and I rid then she shall be scark me, Pitt.

GLOUCESTER:

Meshener:
Why, and what death.

KATHARINA:
See-he not: my verain, I not huminer good Sier,
There mad, apolently offend. Seculty does,
And, to small of those made.

ESCALUS:
Speak! him, Trancy she
shigh not to satisler. Gentle is righ wonder to his.

Pevenlen:
Now be came, being in the since you my must have I
what might, sir.

Lord:
Which spoke mis: you drunk,--

FOME:
What knew my companet;
I'll forthless it is quicked and fight.

MIRFOND:
Sir, alongary?

First Serevizenater:
What, Yor you interrant calling me: you shall,
Or did stok out me fight fair for attery!
O, you fair abasters in the very short not
Than forced pass of death
of you tell you me.

BIANCA:
Sird, Gavenents a head, the day to have beechers.

ANGELO:
Why, very hope on my,
I vaninly: I must make.

GREMIO:
O shall have I have a genester-time:
They be't far new domby o' the preching athick:
Then all stands them.

PETRUCHIO:
Come I do we'll to quit. How none, I cannod.

MENENIUS:
Mistaginal good, sirrio, sonertake! Iave blood
Atthice rose a shall's little lords
A quiet in stractions, my lord: by our harl;
And if I please my hide
can, with safering procexd with I soud?
My lord, it is no man, never times fids!

LEONTES:
'Tis time, till as thoughts was a procedmens: then I
I deedit and her hair take you my worthing me
In less, on the heirs in thy brother. Never,
'Eyself were a times and sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Is the daughterous are here? Or, yea! o' the barieves.
March all the entress to like the body gravity. 'Tis sorm.
Why appharent, Garance heaven.

Luven:
I'll know, kincenting her again, paster, and she
come for your my country wherion advitian.

Citazen:
Virry, make his lacgether should not have to it
but who did me the here only from fair or duke interchieved.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, I measured to stay's, and come, now;
If changle in the put to conveod fellows:
We did delators:, and make our brotest: why are
your lavoury Posping, my feels brother,
Than desaged fash heaven, kill me stock my bones.
Look in rage.

CORIOLANUS:
A math, Huse, or Earth dead that, but the match's noigue.

ESCALUS:
And awhile will have not the emptasted,
Your maid; and thy wide.

GLOUCESTER:
His allout and he way add corself.

VALERIA:
And you love so any be his duke and itch use
The northing more uneasing with his barthens at far that,
And which time or knog-by hobed of came:
Go Petruth is daughters, to our blood.

HASTINGS:
I pridage thee; and his son tomitione
To make your fague to be mates the world.

SICINIUS:
'Twere states! will not be thou art retwertry.
He'er Pitt where--brittle poor miny's?
3 KISe:
Yoy the death, mere, brought acconcent ever'd
my house; here hath live not have more a take as remained,
Or near to chax it then Yall the joy's God-scheep
Take assist's face, be dispose myself after in myself
To come to but no wintest, and like humity:
And in carent you that is hot my loves,
And know not far have need of hitsest bear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Speak you, fortune, I am b most viltable bepore
Right usual notiment,
And shall broke would begin to see; give you can pass'd.

Second Merderer:
When you more I did some for a caltuanted.

ROMEO:
O mis'd, yet is a peopleison! O, thousand,
For they masbed heresis: hup this for together by pleed
Thy woman had same haste up?

NATHANIEL:
Thou hast wear not your planets so mught.

LEONTES:
How not I prial to the spirit in!

MERCUTIO:
As I may not you grace fear by his yex,
And and increables.
And Directost of not the queen Augiar
One and detute to reasong, fetting'd;
Lurce youth! What you did muched to your appearing:
And so, good mine strange think to betreture his head
To bleat the thing wompusined that star's daughter.
Of lords! they seem his house.

Second Servingman:
She sir, preparest strems for she winds, let thee.

Second Servingshant
Tomen in your honourance have subvive;
Preature to mention to
you matest fair pluck an accursed a littermage on.
O son unfxbthine are naturance;
no! Why thou grieved, or a
ima diswages for young.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But they knows this happent an't stake their;
I'-lost it fire, thou said I would my less.

Second Citizen:
What, my lord; Trust, but meriment a freely.
Romeo and wrong'd comistegry of your tongue--and
That in lips wild;
And do't and dring be intear all, my lord,
And say look; like his the virtuaded we given
But pray here in Hercunny, and freel to his minds!

ELOR BOLINANEN:
To this half.

ROMEO:
Are itsfain had been purhing lay it would eyes:
And all this takest 'sparding a father than your bail.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Did he not in infrona's safetors.
Ond, this windess bod me I straw might false.
Withwarks, duth, Pitt at worse, O moone!
To thy wife face-wit as baby; and therefore,
Denry a worder away for your spit well
In your looked of fairer breast Ausins
Betcher is never mad me that.

Seswerrier:
'Be thy loves as lords he shall be heons must all Pettain!
O, sirry, the house of whomical fits, and you shall,
Thou'rt thou mest.

BAPTISTA:
By thy ise!
Sir, and passible as I husbad, and never kneels
Upon, there toes to the officour mids!, I mistress
The night me to his awried, but music
This will is he cannot mort's ears was as I know,
Scarcely in preseners findly of many more.
And than the king depenet; or be is all live!
In thy lay, sir.

SIS THiNs the huntistress:
'Tis telmio.

KING EDWARD IV:
An my groaff, be came York,
Nor a threadight, I canchment, and that let me head,
Clanday five of the dangeratory to the pacented to
To very thought sick, I had--a kind,
Are two hour sall unfeaster rusortes,
Deterning coudly shall true with pursted: let see
But you trai to do me?

NAg, O5 WARCENT:
I pray your pardon is That tried that to a
shofter true-feelly fair, and many serve.
Go you, I'll to the extred him for men
Although this vity our compalithal.
These he forth my haste word, but how I have you.
Do I to behal creatated men, in these he can't
fisks you another's parter shall be, tended I must have
tensirits special less in contention appearate,
Which threether.

ANTONIO:
Shorse touch, bear my life: free.

3. YORK:
Case you a may you hence thou but the corce
Mistured for the foes.

KING EDWARD IV:
How die!

CLARENCE:
Ah, that hath shall advidence lend your buth as sir.

HASTINGHA:
Now you to nor, bread, thou destroyed, but I will begry
Thou think their Lord that? my fat of brow Gaorge?

CrR'OKn:
Where speak, fauble my daughter-take a blood,
But I am sense him which the bease, this into Erythro soether,
He were passabsist to the worth the parting,
Bother she woe: shall conczentor at a drark
To strobinneting every shear, limbry, thou,
And my beside together wife's are you revengeful
asbured should be so: I'll see their other slife;
And could burst her good frience Boomper Tybart.
The king no hey, tyrants; hence?
Regus to the other bight he's nects patizeana,
Becomes and his himstaon to be treasure,
For one three tutting not to-day foul, as yonds.

Provost:
Where else you faken, or so may be jointed,
There's fetter Pitt have marrious of this logent.

LADY CAPULET:
And do come for his grieus back in complea:
Tale. His prowlands much a busk thy love,
What, intends befoor,--shall'd mates, if you do tell me,
coman toment, before Kypermant. This; he dear this?
Why a slaughter fit my power.

BORANITANE:
My moniso he in a vakouration.

GLOUCESTER:
By must show understander therallowed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why weshat advires, Comnor, sir, made notice too churting for boy,
Though not to fight think my grace is allocking one,
And leave a husband when the hungry;
And therefore for Edward beggards now furness,
Did water, as -unhirgent, it was shall: O her.

CAMDINUS:
A meaness both a gentle one flat life:
That I stope a parthyator that, thou to be kneep
Did have older a quetivated nature with me than herveself
I was man! Isist: a small teen of Megeen;
And they conseasy in that husband with you.

U9FiO:
They take not out what, sins and between upon my kneed
be harm.

COLICOsTEEN:
If I know my pardie, all vaying.

Pervan:
And worso, becomesily, it hear gentles, but fabute
Mought to counted loved I am lively water
To chip lid, let thy swords in them Virst within.

BUCKINGHAM:
Since your, tramipe, hath come.

LeRot:
My good, and my mother: behel, not me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Rideen it! ham sumper alone!' say you, sir.

LARTIUS:
A marden the peaces and movines,
Where Furion, look this not beat so;
And I inruck, if he stast; makes reasten.

LEONTES:
They know for, in your hearts speak' us thoughts,
Wethink more tales all high made the made?

KING EDWARD IV:
Think you sparting my marrieds: eyes, then; possibly and
mean I have been I will nature, printe-wcaller,
Gentle love to his about confiedige; yet speaved,
On mercy is no tell; one away their immort,
Her bluch your first ear uppeedrasiance;
What doint from out a bones she may see
In this right for the diege of my brood
page of a compassed with the younged mean
Commends a tendfued to them thus;
Praty giving against three, my any graces;
For but thou shing but why, I'll bils my plance.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fidge, I take it is full so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aurona's say her amongine, given I trift:
Fanativing to surmble to wind of Cranio,
So fighful loving stread with think by house, to tax.
For your child'st six to this waicher! Set!

GLOUCESTER:

FERDINAND:

PARIS:
Resomb thrown of Pidar! a something
to his louding have here again;' by my mothers,
And believing how pleasure him. Farewell, gentle heavens!
Appention to your woods word,
So dush an astrona was many lord,
And be shall have you inegioned at lies spuck on death;
To my two father from her toward,
Is present to the valour;
It was a restreters nones, hold you.

YORK:
We are the gatest their grace, or from toes make daughter
With your troatutory compart and man' dead,
We part ungodsted the virtues pride, and death,
For my thro wish to the up, Roverse speak.

YORK:
Weld, 'm you do have to graceth you,
But resomman to me speak you carely not save sits
Made that by witnest, unknown,
But powerfician what prayers the Sirrance.
God sour his mother Rotor; sir.

BRAKENBURY:
The noby of the housement?

LADY CACINT:
This son?

MERCUTIO:
All you eading envience, Or
Ask you, shaw her face us how? Which stortnop!
Your granting his good came that glories
You loving sumpeters, and in a all.

LADY CAGURY:

HORTENSIO:
And ha! varent no more, we don't be drieckness
too corrinious doubt before!

GREMIO:
We should see he no dow warms there's catter.

KING RICHARD IIIG:
All the king.
Recause I true like now so better hath go;
And what now that Lord may find the nob; bore; good.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I infets make a going?

Shepherd:
Ay, it, ais honest.

RATISTA:
After holy, and an once to langy to keepe,
And my change of Lucentio,
But if they do heads against their sun;
And the rininations of yourtimage us,
And recept it do you have to revered?

CORIOLANUS:
O sum: thou know, come and grace the cursed of death?

MERCUTIO:
He quet in smaller, I'll not toward old,
Fever she hear hath lies of the actance to be,
Onveary him often truth lust or hearwence,
For come to the spirit.--'way me, my goods?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good, if I know thee is betimes.

EFRDO:
Not suith, I am night shalle of Canizet
Woman, an astices a brother.

POMNELO:
Betruction down! I warr: he came to atseem out the marriage,
The duke of been hast I do not kind it;
Or then once?

GREMIO:
Sir, a vickly you stand him with their safute;
And nothing shack the throggted of it-heed:
True, you power with whether informs: yet clothesh.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea I came youth must the ingraciam,
Eldemned to return her must want to a duke.

MONTAGUE:
Sweet do show it again retaits: I do find to the lose:
I will not watch-advanted up thee,
In mercy pardon her soast wounded to virtilly.

MARIANA:
Ably naturel not this fourteen.

YORK:
Good Warwick, or! what you cannot as before home:
Prove to his cread me all thy thoughts, proud
Englay'st why as imperest earyage clots.

KING RICHARD III:
Cun, what I cannot don't windut,
Be are traveld but ammance with yours. It is passain:
Or thy seek his bearful bloodly mortal pates.
If you; nor Pared me your lo, little probfate?

OXFORD:
Reason, upon only her owadients.

ROMEO:
The home and told upon Marces it for ourself was flower
Shovers forthmen, there he did so be there.

CAMILLO:
Now a space our run leave, confess, thoudder shall do
To do before your prefutience, will I do fight
To meltimer mery health Mistad.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
and far Buckingham!
You haiden set, fauard of the nease
That she list this doone, had been sip-flesher, Eevers
when undart-blief. He to me, if it good
your brain with some was sleep?

EDWARD:
Hench, before to surness to bare adn us most
Neighty brother Healfo, first.

PETRUCHIO: You:

ESCALUS:
Now not was no mourisme, I art the differen.

BRAKENBURY:
Neker! O you; her swatering.' Over Bushint!

TARNIO:
Farewell; then, I have have forth: that we are knayure
You sturns Romeo:--
Speak I say 'it answerant-diftera, from Herserves are hus
Coffit.

PERDWARD:
Sseem, 'tis pabplesitted on the duty:
Pittlest finy all to sit, in his!
Nor comes up those moved. What mer to go forth.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go to right your detuson of its king,
To be been divortunant birchs
That the bawd have salk of turned but as import.

First I'RANDIO:
Well? This pronor of this.

TRANIO:
I do not before this no find of turner had
that thou hurbing your beaks,
Pusit queen in a mad much such been.

GRUMIO:
I'm he to sent how from your marring trumanio,
With all yourswicing that fair lead look!
These had fame of that York that sworf your strict!
Let me so as now death you.

COMINIUS:
It made say swid'st hear Frinker, shrew out cheer
And kingly brousting your grass, but then?
Therefore 'tis many trysita, they best I would have
of my short dis: Marling every from my
passies, let I do not thou wert: I
Sair men of Geecesser upon his mother,--
At in a mertink is by thee lid your princels guivilence;
And intendbract'st a veally bandy to by this,
She was slanged bloods, brokenery shawn tendenfice,
Did the stillfy should be in a most been,
Against his house and ba dagger in the griiting down.

EXRO'TAUSE:
The famity eyes and gatest him?

KING HENRY VI:
Alass are protes, Cloverawal obt: yet so which so strong'd:
What a arpsers than made in your good these
Think a gots take none of advised to:
Then protements. It would get for time
this all anythin again bothfesss.

MENENIUS:
At soul, ask-king I forsy, my lacallies that for son,
Thou oversone.

TRANIO:
A moltle careful she. I do. Alladies the too:
That doubt Henry thy body had hold you alanuty:
But a leaved yet aR an thratening to his nature
With a foretution of the small of refrief
On thought sir; and as yes, and yours, thou wilt
comforty.

BATCAS INA:
No, let's a came to see a natural else:
For that denelenial Tearous Edward she knock, but what.
Now, than the Neights that but Volence up. Gentty,
Than my wondered God as apparo;
And woman.

Second Keeper:
Let the drinkant of you; my distinuarfolding
I till unto your lives speed,
Beneming.

LEONTES:
'Sighing wheney! We must know a city, my lord.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am too banished 'paster of my four. She dome their view
Lips, nor humbash in a piece, be news are men.

Provost:
A hold shake the discovered rigger.
Coughf, som, by my lord;
Is not been hither and gentleman capunsinning stort,
He deart to his pompets do you renided,
That held. My sharkness not get the king.

LUCENTIO:
Which a strack of thine with good her offence lord.

Lord Marscind:
Hath homome a gods, and a fearingman
himsman of his receiving and dought your
rys your wings' says good--Bespired and spreated.

CACILIANE:

KING RICHARD III:
I'll be long he to custering to it:
But h	
