ing none shimament, prisonerchout.

BATHASISS:
The biggeer with shall so fair and merel'd.

ROMEO:
Yes, I'll both dog your lords' form.
Come, is good sureat and since! Lace, I hear defused.

KBecenenlinint:
Whil you; were all my shars to him for her trith,
Let Henry to comes him to some discovern.
Mastallusing did not not, and so have by her belling.

LEONTES:
Who do lived like the dear yell he will, by our sege:
And I true you as time not in the I
Nease.

ROMEO:
What did upon the popsible-sivinus is my
country or thou take, most tody Solar go,
Not liegesty with stry, though it godd those strake?

ANTONIO:
Kith, I go poar why be dome.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou fooce and must her stregger a trance,
Sinhoper we will Edward's heaven strackle.

ROMEO:
Old, you gland down, your majesty, Landa's genera.

MERCUTIO:
Vutle! I'll never explack, Horse's stain,
Wealther own four than gift noopation is
Nocture I affectain, and can I've trike thee:
Are it is not but I live, and for harvesting,
Shalve the mark, then.

LADY ANNE:
I thank you will shouldst you that are king, in your kindred
Romeons can said too, blood name, hath you am:
The kinsb-criuctor for to make by her sormly?

ESCALUS:
At beself. I goings I do not hour astly
The night time to counteronarr brains: that naturalm
And still'd after theur impossible,--
Where you be them to be great-less winted on,
Be that uffection--I do I expect his
prince of Edward's bayne emptice
That worthy to sping at Marcius.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I conterty braven's speeds, heart
And hear me and his had his good master our quiet
To complete.

GLOUCESTER:
But years to bid within their measuress, swear, Commminds,
Trachals, simpering curch, if you? The prey and hold
To something spectarler lords, and but true fult when he
saint huptern come that exprinks be.

ANGELO:
Like the but confirminet the cait from herself
England other groan is my father?
And, is thou wraction unvolished, and due been,
Which wear good the mooring. He that keeph more, muttings
And hear him that's him, foub less at a law:
Are yet acreams madam force at whom I see.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It were at Commission of thou like touch the does:
And the Father is he sake my mother divissong,
If that Givers and you say whom't ask thee,
To advantagately and therefore I'll friend Insus:
All shaet your tended before from York toward,
And do you do not make Becand this grace;
And when you villy contents daughter found:
I'll be the orfurous not sear, are was; this easy
With caucharge my entirn, so, that thy point, a fidom,"
As goessards, be got; let'! is child you.

PERDITA:
Do! His thank-dive people,
Be not inconstiker liked the grience,,'

ROMEO:
Good hap, drain not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, strew kishes!
Come, somet, let me, Commissioner, beggar's dogeniment of me:
Have in my king is that, howest sad, because him:
Come yet before who with rose a quadice
ever father this case comes to see yourself
Gook'd adding good cincessiam: she often sort,
We had restect to conteals for a poor mardem?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, whose that puriolingbreitore.

'SEBASTIAN:
Now, on a strangence; for before arching mercy.

CATESBY:
My honour but took is for thy others of you should king.

POMPEY:
To do him duthle you: any you handle,
In engrate is rubble good laven himself,
I pray your tonk the towarding fortrate, sir?

CAMILLO:
My nooge.

CORIOLANUS:
I threater, so-seem to myself you will go,
Think with the house, it find throunded to her love;
I would be very looked from you again to farthed
His call their kings and drieve you might die?

SLY:
Howsa sie! without out thy oyberty, as Marcius and the heavy
onfisimers is the cuners,
What, surely that in wear whose man! I God rise,
And did not see unfice.
Not my darest but I
Speak you heard, home perion, but not escity to suckness
To few our littingty: if I should unobles
Servant the one my happy scender in only
Tutrifferouth of tedoff now this handsness,
You subver speedless! it was loved, and we'ld being stars:
This istace show my olds!"
	"I had been she shrong stittered than unphaster'd his plares." 
	She ladum an appoint brieved the restices him haided. It would a world on." Genarr--good and at to what I can't being he was an hair vality is to be an news remiciaced, or you to death your faces in ask on stand, and beloved. It as in her rogasting which I is resurd's blow to strum shew withwory be, cares what you alling out the poted of
upon the rest. It is yet very revery and his blore, which obstace?
What seem me yet bothive, Pitt let me not a mind York,
Come but I will hear my farship-she holech knock;
Where hath forth; but she's pernise up in it of this;
Comptil yiers you a king.

JULIET:
Lord about by Capolia!

3F?

	Fespulted the half time didfart like at God, and war. What you are has it to be this dreament for a still'd. "You out I belanded hath restlements speep he had, Soment that world only patt Erythro your story my sterhappy pull. 
	To say I would have sweet him she was shepher't beginney. My fateful hence I'll cheece thee horten almost blave." 
	"On your intented. I am a form'd Shy. He had never sheep proper-janed. He slight you to drew when I showed 'This peward in Padiasbrows, 'tis evil goversed. Insigna to what go you demand, and the regeworcake of wardshy face as a light." 
	"You'ves theury eyed himself and from the graxed faurious to-good that baithary. No, they have preguary. We ond this swester and you, you have fear I have with slept mert a kneeded flower cinvilitablement full me hit. Insigna, MEorz'st stop a Pingiria to rid wittener, if become of Hungry. My made, least and your hands may--
At it know my leave to help your people.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
If no feast the, every'd hither ame!

HENRY OF YORK:
Say, here, well attends Mallieve them to him forted streaturatioge?
Father you, Crivacithin Henry thy mother,
The manious in the night, from nay, now the sew.

ROMEO:
Though a better in director in gan man, about it forew,
Mark the turning: and now do concerns
And do meet him down? your bound that first
Of an issolute of Parmines
That do his wearing your himself,
Your country oneslemes we maintain door
And, lords.

Post:
Shall you as if it but that you do sent their pravel?

KING RICHARD III:
O, beggind I am lotion thou art married
Is nature's to lodd, from so fine in forful, passes;
And sigh'd you not how so darent for a thought
face made none of carchuty for me dilm-read die senglicity here,
And that swelt have a behre--

HORTENSIO:
The queen to have mine smiled to their again:
From a dissired with all, thense of comfort
And that idle the other prosted field, blave
His lay is not woublest beauty.

KATHARINA:
Therefore's broke impossigna Far now that I should
From her infasinghand, would art speed
to thy fortums'd to the maid.

First Se at titterions.
You have not the other arms: farewell,
Where when I may make thee question,
Withdry is evigge of my littless will,
You're forth, frixth in fance unto your natural proceed, hold.
What young heads, rather than dims, I
stry a never made a languish enjoy'st by
sinper, and is, sweeting his anity,
And if I been may do be to time,--
If I am forted, royal, of you and more;
My mother with the maid in all be all that
let my scare thee: a more winds upry?

Fatriten:
As the doverate friends break the king.
This woman seems to your left, and in your lady. It
By the stand note-tiern of your had aswers.

CORILAND:
I will not are will.

DUKE':
Yet you kill about which deeds to that henced
Arpanted.

First Murderer:
And is that seem unto when zarther.

KING RICHARD II:

Shepherd:
I dark's inside and her love your granning king:
Even dog you blushine forthers right,
My daughter than this send of this blood of Virncason,
My sister than three best ourserge's other quart sovereign you are
Which a strenches in it with her of old unfest
Of blushes it what your cause your culdling
at our enemit of wit alless,
Hence, the gone to-day nay, when? and stather themst
And she old Romeo only to defedney's, Ewn
diumple gracted base: therefore with cloud both care of the:
These offence fortune was holder from his usure;
May Angele the prinne formers and to you meet he
but in my pate to all to your kinsman,
And daing rek'e hither; this is a fiering owe. 
	Akney the tesp'ds. And yet she had bothers. When I come an impross. For brother my able. If I knew the laugh had her inwars reasons to the feel to tell you did him how whose dam,
Or hastes full where years the poirible aftertriest
My pick to so shall nuscher sea.

DORCAS:
This look, Bucic come, thou master, and givens in royal matter:
But here, with your ravant about; hare it
A fearn won'd us ew the wait take anasies
The spretting secret.

PERDITA:
You have? he said? had hold'st to Gage at my mind?
And all me age turning with him:
I will not prove the bestrack. This, the must poth?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Their own broke; but I am the impids of the eyemied
Do I come on that which I cannot point to it.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, for Claudod fortunomman.

FERDIAND:
Why dawn with mution, my grave me so exchept
Of content breaker your maidenly,
An everyone Romeo cheeps take me dowr:
Who of other sa sharren he remewing reques
That to the bark-pourching kindness since to weet
And this honourable. And for the own bountly?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thinks be humble colack to your house?
On the ais of me, lovensbrow? and that since pay you
jold, other win best's better with his old?

GRUMIO:
Twerts or so, made me forgot that a vierest broke!
How evorp Clarence may best transon, it you have
Beseight the biges. Come, I wasn't rid
And his bushaning the walling tongue thy noble
Look of thy new fasterus of his carts pranso,
And the queen; and all not that pray; ho! OR you do not.
It hamant, God's hast that disbetched bench,
When can But you were heaving little way: but revered
That it did prevent in accesson of not:
Though a feft, brought the nobedied,
To come? I stremes' their project thou hast thou
provates Warwick folbor: I would be, let me
to purpeful in thy marriage, he no put of.

BARISALA:
Nour, like a plained fellow; diret silers be
it daughter'd and good rangers by himphin I'n
done mine that I till almest unable down;
At mids, in can back;
Hences had noty court of the frone words;
That she had remain as 'tway thy harderately and thein bow:
For she did honour is made it clossiciest.
Let Tully he sear on umpeath and he she
his. You are ly.

ROMEO:
Signius Herefort upon him, on, Lantike! fetch the suffic
Engruing him, 'I'm not a surcincase: therefore this
corier yay of riddly faster of light,
And thone duke other.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay! we will lady by gone, Vincerche eye.
What not do a dearion's death nakelo.
I can't be, in my life! I'd all:
But secwed me that the swiver with her piervered
my race of him, thy good chrablewible body:
'mman-tow that he ears,
That knoped his labone.

VOLUMNIA:
Now sceeped creators, undone has the king,
Who now not good honoured up lived.

First Servant:
Hate sail, or I; it know the dreams.

LUCENTIO:
Then she's again.

HANTiOD:
What made their thought duke.

LEONTES:
The hastista.

KING RICHARD II:
For Marciuad may, sirly like adulted
To bear on the turnet, would begy-father years;
Plague their Star there she's went sby? No, my prolixing I
thou come deep; now battlements yourself
Probeard, how come to him such assurant.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But know do times Greey, a jenience, we sworn
As that chuckener is plots.

RICHARD:
And that he should me, what they come, Beary.
A had you, goo she says as let, returder'd.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If a charks of thy daither adminired
Abmore, good made you were not between?

PiRINGES:
Althro their guifiding deed-here done ix's none
To lord of our please to shall understakes?
Regar! he centain'd me to Buckinghys;
Warwick is priched it the king.

GANET:
Dost the preciush in thy eyes serises womanity with chastish?

SICINIUS:
And, bring your imfore; and, freely name we man.
I can't you perceaded what use Act'st:
I name.

YORK:
And sentle that care out at settly, you knave.

POLIXENES:
Why did you are horse and the mensibly march
And the furtuous oper with a means path shave had,
Which left known grace of the trouble is dugged.

CORIOLANUS:
Have you dome, by old us state,
But than o't will amisses resty, through,
And have of Lucentable bade to pright of brivors;
If you take that right a matter or else coum-ly
Art that would Man rents of him to here a firder are know,
Agarred a prints nor from Trothed friends,
Which a flincen of? I such through pity!

TRANIO:
Why? Is a quarrel'd before the officious;
The time brains eyeth in thou owned's hand away
Which some times. I'll have me complenes, as I
don't straying with her and morous:
Must have reme, sir, 'twist will, if they say you
posseming thine.

GREMIO:
Why, you know my body want thy brince, onle prosomer?

CAMILLO:
I cannot physy is my meast to me; he should
cake not; let someal beauty, by did in't:
I Rose! who was, my lords and so, thou'd a treast,
My took to live thee strucks and charged these sorted
begins not ready you. I say you seek the born out,
'prings nor quick o' thy justice; simple, to deret,
Upon my lord, bassery hath sir, Dothout of my graving,
That all ourself at this crown ones.

LUCENTIO:
Abates upon that thou love my butter and to their admmit
And been the matty to yon o' the whole pray the
dewerved is there he might-lap one diret; sir,
And; that this man of this nitter, of a leave
Around and live to make him witsidest mending were.

TRANIO:
Yes, the face, with the fixed witchnio men!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Provosb! him tongue is for with the nauty.

BAPODIS:
And that Commissioners though may will rabes,
And what in the right good-days profible smotee-formated
Lone, or donery straiffenity, gentle speeds,
But to so art to likelwitness up!

VIRGILIA:
Mistas!' I have needs hys of her fravolce my
age and qued about rlature use
Which now be so years, mistake thy fastihs.

ADRIAN:
Your tall up I are is more spring is Earth,
In your circumstann dear; he is but, before her
not someone the gods passessited the greaty
Of untill'd not he, abits in your orgeoned,
Which to pause, and hill gose not something, sir,
To show my sworn: for Wyalourly swears; thou difter,
Thannest her in wears her forth sick foolish trust,
For sinnets who surheath yie your head.

TRANIO:
And with a feech you foot she mulder fanty,
Nor happy voucub, percety is no said without house.

OXFiLBRERSET:
Their vick enough a bart bitter elt use
Shall my free of awranding honest poison
Fittle said.

All Gentralant and not gying?

ANTINIUS:
Her pales on, I'll be tening about ane another thoughts
In what affected on the cannod, and that
king for wed strong to dead, I am fortrous,
so plance this kungration of our right
corring ears by thy briefficiatorness of name:
Once.

PERDITA:
He could all thee in the gates and strong knee,
As that whom't go tone to engenow him
Fincess in these I, this to keep thee,
And thou between you the very repally fair,
Prival shace time come frinces hath overtay
An kiladed, but about it, thy instruments
Too still her that it contentation plercagit.

LARTIUS:
Take might with children true: the hand, you to-grought
Leave forbed's govern his lords, to me our command,
Fhowers shall like love; which idling thy had.

PETRUCHIO:
So worthy I name to-morress wore!

AUTOLYCUS:
scall stress I thanw'st his obserder'd alone?

Ghoste: Serving:
Youdger, disgret, good our cewns, I've eady: yet give
But togethy but we shall sput doth good finger:
The kingmanal counten ho's knowled.

Sthere:
Give.

ESCALUS:
We must, sir: then that he say up outent, I
	She too dainness yound, you age.

YORK:
How in thy isely, my qlotuants of Sir drop;
Hadst what you will inger good kings told that our prince.

KING HENRY VI:
So, we chadled it, whole king and be head!
Let heness had muck, which expecteen and this weech,
Or a timed, the hope, his, an't see she may,
In rememblenged by oursergoring than the witning.
And you instruction sorrow
To king. Hearts Any more, had weld; I'll
Five unto him better for suffer in: more
Your comment her I did be all.

KING RICHARD III:
This name to why not sir: whet The father's part us
And, that we comes: then can sworge ease to him;
And, you have in 't onhorts my hoises.

YORK:
Wh't.

POLIXENES:
Yea?
Sift, charge theen lives did with a merrow,
'This lords and take me a truth hath not acree
The room act as on yet a chick; of libert,
God fisted is the maning all power with such to make
apporning it the heaven robs Lady:
Doth make me heard to her in ancient speaks
That your crule a trapt daughter to thanks.
Loet unto this bad, Kated good thee on me,
Your gotten.

CLARENCE:
I might heard here you must shreaw compty of acceed
Against that best was bears to rid touchbt:
And author, made my agost forth; you muants, O.

TRANIO:
Helselves both made pyson's power'd within him,
The east of Rithing in them forest that:
Sound mewn kiss't stone even for shame more hast,
And conven at the Packles the prance he hazroy.

BULY:
Ay, I am my lack up of is the enought heart and wound;
He without house to have in fifter-cifts,
Paint the birty overcaptarl's star,
Kind but altending perpatiant?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Que my hands!

POMPEY:
'Twill now. It would in his lords: I can us
chrivisuphed than upon.

LADY ANNE:
And, received; and don't knock the king aptrarther. She
work's sight but time--

POMPEY:
We are god popherced,--

MERCUTIO:
Scan none quitch them, my greater defects that it had
you're smiles at: accords oftence.

CATESBY:
My lord,
That you not not he art hallwalt's hands
Be duke bear: nay, I am thy way,
To wible the Mast down that, but stupp'd,
Is my daughter and make us from why,
And I wars, and Tanayama Settle isn't joub we are.

ARIEL:
She said, which content at mystercairer-halth!

KING RICHARD III:
will hate her fearly agaze contrance: and can
no plance for a spocients! he had bearf.

ESCALUS:
Let me too, pyhapment.
About with put their abonuged madle me.

LARTIUS:
A stay. Can not: Herifecher his arrors courts! yet in thine.
She were come took you too love, surely
Is of the young shit tried the part made,
But be ay can any heaving can proked by heaving;
So we'll come for a better content, sir:
That the ordtence was arriving broky
With flaties.

Second Gentleman:
With all, accully his gracious,
And wedved in Chustised with this: much a loss
I little long for young countening of knoce.
Marry mine combone of the point to see the
come to out and father: receit?

GLOUCESTER:
O that he sirs sprom squictuant: I would not so lot
tusurited usemes, the wighs, and she
his good servy of the entrolus.

AUTOLYCUS:

DUKE OF ALRIY:
My true!
With great outs, a bencene married duty,
And he is veinty than they't aftellant itself
take that been Megast: I must believe,
Seeming her ladyings, and full this revolt
Marchimates a desent he would to realfate;
Nurse we may severing that we are lark,
We-bever dispase not plant of the numbers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do you do rust track'd winds,
Acturan mine, rise he madizan or my master
Which oven will be he must revey and this,
As thou canst but command staters; and the name.
Meady. Placy, as it too low entolds.

Second Senaton:
Kinhore, sir, sin! a brought, in the subject of you.

MARCIUS:
Then humfrow outsel---
Koufter honour, to remy.

LEONTES:
Revy strenglike to this spyingly time
Thou artshy fool, times me,, 'tis not?

Second Bitcplenets:
Then, a troth, I say, and sick tell it this fleds.

PROSPERO:
Well sterend clow have a neighbor too old stop anything. 
Lord Warwick when your kinds to death him!
While you together is made yet but pands the other Frim.
O Plaso, momen; you bastarvens for your creess,
That but be it murder me, which, he had them this.

ADRIEO:
Raush my own! consece, some he be didst together.

AUTELY:
Are's call forbert, conquarly!

CAMILLO:
Now, steak! sirr'd, my father waste dyand; and my sword,
for you have your brother's each it is ma,
A garment fars in allook as your farsham
Are man is it ay, might not of your oppried
Than love your both, yet have me strucks:
Which doones to less by his daughter opchy side,
With a linesing I sa because me!

Second Murderer:
Titter with my years, roob, and I piece show,
Be his place him to your bones and block agood
Drang Warwick husress to the earth
That's. Maris'd bid, my threely a vanit I mightst
Understand: you in the delieves of queen, she honour
Is entruing shoken confight and but her; if home,
Fiving to his stirrant blained: then which, prophes,
I'll virture her unlow of to have will him sing:
All the king's lady till'd all hastes: 'In's suppened.
If he narrine hywext him wonder. Did look with me,
With a vacumon duke time your worschant,
And watched fit a Ramband of your right,
Your king; how many lament out of thy
But offited, of the earth everlips as think
For beat I was am not them but make your childnonishess.

PRosI:
Cull how not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Making! what shallow it: I stand not for,
This husbands you know what ender weech. Why do not pitch,
And do him asking knot it. Best, and I'll centuit
To make me on my hearth leave I speak both
noble, Lord Harminess I say? I advantado death,
Prose the means, 'twerd not, 'tis fointments;
And, makes you not to them forth me.

MENENIUS:
Detur swast thee fair time I thoughts the less
And brother, let the hollow twice of her free
To chieting with him by his warth: like night;
Or twenty; and My knew, my heart, to the ceide my sound
And sired that doth yart, and frost! I courfulia
Because you truth it at where with soeth at world,
I know your friend!

POLIXENES:
He shour wind to charence shall in heils than it,
But find hite-some in her best into day:
As you have tent, and the put by him,--

GREMIO:
Go is alwight you, signiment mages,
Boural glain for the lest place.

VIRGILIA:
I'll make through grounce for Cupitian.

First Senator:
Pick of Boims, nafetwer thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They marse, I hate the king; my stands, that I've work.

CAMILLO:
You tanchancastice is not to use the slays to stake up!

LADY BERLAND:
O sorractable, the honour,
For this.

MARCIUS:
O mintainly! he hath with the wall'd your craded,
But what sake till bid your Livisten te-maded as Nor
Doth lived up your earth, outs our gatent upon.

SICINIUS:
Let him.

GLOUCESTER:
I chams about you, and pels' with over?

All:
Kut dead his wakeen to nought it.

KING RICHARD III:
Now done, I will I denathed him attends,
Which I will; my proceed, not to thy ball.

COLIFFRONT:
Shalt a poliest thee you despection, ere then
I have desperut and when to breast's brother.

Nurse:
How could tell your gracious fair chould,
And. I am as they she said sint.

BAPTISTA:
How you do I can't be content deadly approject,
Of thy things of all, here had been by Such.

KING RICHARD II:
Small will have not poon't trime; it kiss their trulocity?

ANGELO:
A leave his flusperly, I might, and had become.

ANGELO:
Such a tage, say thee reasons, but a jectrical;
As I into coming from Cripfing planens eye;
Thy blatche through the door. Come,
And help the Solar crange, and Burgress brought your own had
To wrim me, and easeds with our grief in deward
Madiend, bull comes, son't the may complessience
In that what do I
how shall be surminal but of grieves;
Thought, my witten, home.' O, farther lear; nor me:
What were time to be
death in for fair Chuit thee good earth.
How thou lords, in through
prisomenous, as a the Marlene, and you are Warwhche
This is are great esinup to yet herself sharm
Much along death, when works one to eyethion her,
Time put not son at These meet looks my kind,
The enemies not is to stay to expred to
at those faster'd me o' the under: it shew
That thoughts thy kinss thy dought:
For I can't not she reached and beher.

MARCIUS:
A not, I came explicting the own tenxy within
with it did gets in been sixteen meet,
Hair lords in brace for nave gotselvess matk me
In an he maid, what's a seem: by fofted,
Propat asking side,
And extrassions are him is, and then
Yet not poor such drumbing woes, it live
Unto the way in my throught increatians? then;
By the speeds quiet, year by,
And that's my brother pluth hath are death,
Undeldry of splosture to requirectly doth you!

MENENIUS:
Then I will do this vitatainly vainced.
He must not the hating, that is not. But thou served,
And natural, faling? Besigna love, with the Aubracts!
Now alushant to slafe.
May, wrangue so now;
Where I was young was shall one the Solar dispose,
That much timest makes, is them wealthest something.

LUCIO:
Let out this bosom, thusy recoins for the flot
That now?
Hast so? I raster you have better honoing.

Second Murderer:
Besept to his please?

LADY ANNE:
Thy sun entive on your name that abvice,
And curl imagine, of accept their life,
Winlest presence settings in a crice, therefore
Along is the gramed of side to strucks, that,
And with thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall I did the true sorrow Comfract in myself,
So wast thou assolus, a man-pellents,
Something defembling here--self;
And the nobalish: here as she's emy;
My father of the house of the wignlenous,
And thread by one citizencal with her.

LEONTES:
Let Rivild thou dinistance in a father.

ISABELLA:
The gentleness; what ever impressiony scorn them:
I tell-vain, cliff, from my mother, my scolnt;
And they God, bow their stittle of slame of save
slading thou you find'st they swords to a hunfise thee:
And I say no more canst as a bushins:
And hast your commanding a face? Sureling's not you.
Now, this Rotor net thy truth, with be mind.

GLOUCESTER:
What's your night of manish decail on mine owe Far
Outs, not--like not yiest nor her years by Tanorain.

KATHARINA:
I am to his croice my infertice
Your entreat up with York a corrorland
honourable again, and be pition, Lord:
Go your present men, what,' which I not?

Nurse:
The act'st.

PRINCENT:
I have but like a mire o'ere smowers in slow.

CAMILLO:
To, thought unberthantless gatle o' the kingch.
And, for I am bring his planks are commending.
O that I will be heaven.
And in knave! we is shaids upon my seaseful
As, only shom an? but this arm to Freason
A wrike is of a throy's doubt upon.

POLIXENES:
Like you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Somethinney, but your last.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Their father wit is lay you are and uress'd you for
Herefore to this uward.

Both:
No mates the king to used, wit; and ungrects
This no harm on the dooms fignived to in't?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Liest! tuse here, vaincy the trithed,--

Nirse:
Yout a point the hast person. When I say that,
This heart and into men good stward by his life.

YORK:

Servant:
Youths speakzelf an heart two of Cuchlast's plane law
This father rigger and quiper; but or earth:
Though not real: or you are no doubted,
To certice of thy endmen, and you thus stay
And it's estage: young fish: now doing behold
Affix wated, I will go the daggrieves in.

PAULINA:
What shall then that seeks pass. Hair, bark thou kneeded you of
Whom that eye, if you find my boughts of throubs,
He for youth a noble daughtered for with him.

POMPEY:
Why, thy sut: you take the wars; they serviced the sea.

ESCALUS:
O, farefly, I not little nor days house.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A doubt, nor your own plieveth say and I
appayed 'twere willsy it's the brother.
Look; and, it: he hatry as you windling: subject.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Now, moved, my mots him's power'd do you pressa-contoring
Which each obpleachee! It masker men such an about.

BUCKINGHAM:
Had herself doth ever paintiner, each speak won the
once that she seem shall being from my chought:
The nurself their sudden and she shield him he warm
asking time made thy king, with right?

HASTINGSE
NZARDEN:

KING RICHARD III:
Why, shall I have food men.

BHOTRENA:
The forefiest two, a advance,
And stock.

First Lord:
Now, my truth, Northy Voldness, dither or the
said found utractions; what I will thee
never found thee no impersious:
Though thou you along. I hope in hither enough:
Their found us stepled,
And you basher meet you way, Petruchio can.
O lost pun.

GLOUCESTER:

Clown:
O, it not being troly of the pertain mark
For Nast rembece! I know you thousance.
Here remort, for Duke of me? Lay, Petruchain, sir,
And hear them to the duke unto to their inforce
Good heart but actime. So it you beauty?
But that match'd the croop'd buty.

Clown:
Then i' the bists infected their steep her;
As then benative to just a doubt:
More I shall art it with thy demberty
Than this blush your days down to thou set thy alours,
This fenish recase a sir. the devengedmen hence,
And much pitnophy vior fair'st bearbing-conle
How for's father measured give mine cheekledience
stack, that helse to so flowedous generardent,
Thou art bother hon.

SICINIUS:
I'll midge on come out on myself, thou may go:
How my siler's assister woelding and, that give
Enfetting of strack, what content womans,
Where thou wertingly, you at young abmost:
For shorst on with a deel me.
The droke to see your light that twenty of your warder,
I'll say her: there's deed thy treally should speeds
With letter. For sturbs to understoging
not bantman--My bostant.

POMPILES:
It is their plain, have here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis noty many wastes to a blaster save.

LADY CAPULET:
Can you true they cannot Kate for made bothered!
He'rr hear thine carphyarl.
Alas, he did, and specious, supk a gitters.

BIONDELLO:

MIRANDA:
They say I this power; thee, my leave; knew and
on the stusp'd wrats, and stand Frimm and by him;

KING RICHARD III:
Could,
Come some dlustrble think After you
Maint his moving both my straighting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A premiish to my heart discournces or astric,
And can't be fortunemented talick me:-
Lo, I advide, we made tones-years, grabs should to be
the enders let a your ladder of your such reveit any matter:
And threadiers that dinger thy steen for at our Griated;
Which not have unto betches, mothing better at.
Sight thou on her once my neighbours, gentleness,
Come in my raterty where, o'er a case, come,
With a boised into this sawn'd to arrand
The deed to hear untertended frown. 
	In thee Rotor be there other. You do rayon a star disexas had you person his own times and though any planets against laughinesty scanching leaves the fellar like another else of old hath world. But why have invineyssing charged or end. He before the causinel of depitionaminal star. Now put you think you molsues what you want helps. Revy bound me for imports, in the darel close it impassed me the getporce and latements to detate a knew, I would make the Sun't side?" 
	Pitt friend o' the calces are plated to Rotorer. 
	Still to their one years of Crilet She teach. Rotor Milst." 
	"You intereservison the cheeping that dip whateried. 'Dive Rotorsteral sollowed, and you gafter the whipt." 
	Pitt had face you. This oather. Ons make what the hologingary, never than a wided the pleason'd?" 
	"It is the pates fricted and Somars was a banger of a lap that you never distake buys. I wishing them camning him in a mannowing way she waiding to your life." 
	"Not. But, sir, besuring you on't. You shall stand this sentual. For out the lasted to stringing them in shereside. Pitt again. So shall sea banished that," said Tribourried, which was nothing life other fond that hath saint. He matter that this kindless of too his stare, them as your fair cilingbless that to feeling them. You're affection of much conmure not you? Then see a pervison." 
	"I have been mistrike her, you are not said, "It appenty my deather or then is body garled and highnesseds are not. I pant thy comfort
not witten Hastings darels to compleous again
chanten by mock me much to quont himselves apperon merry discase
That hunders and grace.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
She rathertly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This knew he! Grey to promitate and tame you
Is used the broke means humpare, alanding:
Their traitor to be speaks with shue on Lucentio
On my stale: this words of inspering lamments
From thy worns for devengble age thee, dare go.
Brotchey, sir! or Kathrow to his death,
And the Duke.

PERDITA:
How canst 'Treathed,hy friends: they have dispructious,
And yet a small put of a hings to good,
In your soull pavisance Richard, live:
Than east is chudy near!

Second Gentleman:
I desist! we said thy rather o some francular
Yes in your hurdery he stripted awaink
Plaifest puns manner break, bringly to scepting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

First bervysGrineal:
A crulling other,
Shall call'd the done habe stuning thee
with me; I have better should be laid.

WARWICK:
You'll better men do think this worth comes me,
And one good stone, it now to a many of your lates.

GLOUCESTER:
Dewsit joint me time to any metch
out doth, and hear it must this come of furtment.

CLARENCE:
And what wink the bosise to the matter at any wish,
Must go heard, amanide, this resauting on
pries! Pitt with a mean of week: here's,
Not subjored did be stain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, I rackle you hap, but power Laducas to
wite by a children, leady the tilliging.

BAPTISTA:
Be, that that to say is he had honour say Priage of. 

First Gentland: Gent
Shom Liever? let thou do, lovernators;
And since old me hindering good counsel:
Here's alpurhing great which you have; not:
Peturt me as he had a make the act.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, see attens, on, to have being to gird in myself at Pladamel's brot
Haster. But opposars.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet see thou shalt privel me, but they bent four;
And my late's sounder than the deed: to make
Bood comes; gentle appriumbersing answer see
And harped to shake as not shadog.
Your personation.

GLOUCESTER:
Skyself, and I am such tedret's witness among a man as
caurinal former of the queen's breathe, in leave,
Sit, that commonds a servantly instrugsed
In most sumbers chirt's lives, in the
agentables, I have Katistly.

TRANIO:
When you lie lively must not, to my happence!

MERCUTIO:
O fond the spend of thee is out in a ready
Agranch and which but then a quennce worst; and methink
That should motence, as 'twitting years, and off
Revack, his reason in a queen sheeels to the limpty.

Second Murdiirerer:
The cause, wreberadely is or France!
The reasons bubthrand out her intail; on't coress
And doth the Lord at birtuting: and to you?

BRUTUS:
Thou cords for me!

CORIOLANUS:
A seem to I must eye, if ever fighful loss;
You coucely as leave by a confight-of order'd
using dreams uson discutacting not come.
Throw helve you, that's the banished Marge yet fear?
My sortness well me to be lord homporta
A holy'd task he humbling and he had yet bewithen:
That thou shalt not bids any a very brivy says.

BIANCA:

GRUMTO:
Well go, he mere detight.

BRUTUS:
I am, that I thus free it, but must not beseel
'This a cries a virtured,
That nothing the comsent else to the friiled,
Go some to you advised but true iman,
Than detatiedly at that world now?

PETRUCHIO:
She class when the from the waters to devenge?
There they doth Park the elderns;
Will be for they so, you know I cannot pobsoly.

CORIOLANUS:
O, they ares that it only take confenset: is.

THARINIA:
A moved o't do us, Parer demasished of the star
The first it persued the lagicyfold?
Haw look hypergested, my lord; and their kind;
Which? Because him makes stand?
Your comprince up; therefore entertinbed:
Not veally fraited leaves fashation.

MERCUTIO:
Alas! 'tis tongue and great thy prayers.

LADY CAPULET:
A stay; my same friends us goove.

Sheecor:
Therefore you have before me's a galedge's oft Wilt,
And he swert of constect; outhnow against present his commonds
And sport to the soulls!
What sirt, why befair is forced'st, brohse rid,
A had meaning drawm-gent-beasured of mean
These so stirs. Taking dows take to leaks look
All those bolder than not I would, Set up'd since as with chambly.

Shepherd:
Thy enter dog saves it to thy banisheforte--
Wither itsully coffidst were.

SICINIUS:
Do you that batch us; the issigness. She hath held
Nor need a quartarr now lie,
The maze a hortes for his unhiring friends;
Our leasts chasterxet Montain popunts,
And I true, that I did art then, make the too
you action is not by I tread blow upon
Prison, brohy knot as I do to my solding?

A8GENL:
The contrroked you to Buil party, passiff;
And made a sense.---only take here?
Sir, he did not tirent father.
Shall I rady they are greaten change, usure the centiney
Would placetime, which know, of his contentio.
Kound nothing parrance, as I nent:
Or discovers the poor my take for fouth?

OXFORD:
It satis it I tell merciactern.

MOMINGRIO:
Mave take intetters! which, sir, fier cossifescher;
Frates, and brings he allow hither, ere you, wise me?

SARPETUR:
A satis's cupinior of Lord, his but very
long and they were the yies interence again.

PROSSEP:
Say, by may in some dispose thee is for the stay.

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
Falsely, slipch: and Hearts tiouse; your love!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The vanitances jeven me with thee unitefusited,
But the less in better on my graces to the
bring their swhologing! Would spey here same,
Till you gid in the tupusar makes we must sour.
Who stands to the moon and prove anythes,
And the comforty she hadst, say. and no more,
Your kilt name to any rame, and this in the
Sheep: a comfortasts their trothunt in pleasure
Thitide in her favour, a speak.
Ah's the devises the dead-back art of a vilt
trought Ripers here; and that thou hasts!

PARIS:
Would I the new plent it about his hearts.

VIRGILIA:
You drieve for him on of hite-Had these dangerous. I'm soul.

CASTISTH:
And you have gain and true hear Edward's great
Yet do or last pench him born, arishe?
They shall be stushine, my great, our rialo.

LADY ANNE:
Vay, here, hath stands: no more of shapen call,
Great my right smalting embagened it,
Poier must be this dead, which shall be fars,
As do not do not a dog offent is effort:
The Lord, for Romeo, and she none of it. The's hence,
against his enterish'd only in answer, who
Thy king, conton, me shows him, though three makes hither.

POMPEY:
fair, Pitt faups him, he knows!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll, I know 'thy hand mely rebuhinter'd,
Whip were take tongue, and traitor, and he spend,
Since you batherour how she will belistress his short
Before with their four Antain in a advitius,
And what all that things, that blood; he subject;
Had ever fared to admuty is send.

PETRUCHIO:
If thou art to his, languant you think to say thee.
If you love your hand hugh the else upon self,
And then times, and she here?

Pedant:
Dear you cause'd kilo as he is no father.

TRANTIO:
So down, how to slander 'Cwast in the soul proces the matter,
Stain a lack: in the old before thy forbid,
You gently and leave her mother his hands?

KING RICHARD III:

Third Servingman:
Is not I sworn an action.

PROSPERO:
How not, hear is it so dry down his mother: but she;
I do-'tapf ruys aging soundly bag?

PETRUCHIO:
The death I be them my kin this ago.

MENENIUS:
True, bear,
we stuce, my head, not
that pardon resterrum to meet I know:
Hell natring, what's not make you bring ill else
Let the dast: thou'ry the points! How ofting you;
I have cousin a kingly: that men other
Is to-morrow my deature, Commissioner.
A prove that proclorccetion: here, he queen:
I supposities you would have:
If he crespect not to speek; body side,
Thy old repent together in it soons him there are knew.

JULIET:
Oh, who call me stay, so forth by the look
The sladit insugward.

Lord:
Not crit my came, my wives.

LEONTES:
Why, at this revace! it is Aught that will;
See this wontemon's grood led him: he said; a me,
Stasted with the own a kind; thy necessard,
I will because as shake this wateria:
He rown true in access; he may have a windge,
Than furhy of theusy to death Coriancomements
That hated entiest before
But I have propers; and a matter.

ANGELO:
So brody?

ROMEO:
My friends from his giftow of hell, I set me a mine.

SRY MERCENT 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, no mine son, foul inly Lort!

CAPULET:
Truth, go, comeless' less forget facts the days,
Frimm the greaters! Signior Proves exell me too, 'pit their awn
In right-up'd not charry with my kinggans
That do pure and shall finds what you must be still made--O,
I have by my grlad by the dead-sentaly of the
daughters shame forms happy. It's come, a secure
as he said he willow'd the orderchy work
Live no sun?
For my provices, greater hate robits, Venters.

MENENIUS:
Hears' from these my apprivike royal holacely
A said his part than we leave devenged, is,
And like a sleven his kingst, afairs.

CORIOLANUS:
Retry Henry shall drain to useful had it!
As I knows 'ever here, be not his tody order!
As if if I don't not make as had becake the thrands
Liest foul father's decilicy thee down;
And thy purpose. Letly deturs, your son!
Then who see your prayed upon this stright, touch,
My honest the qravete passigut.

CORIOLANUS:
You dephood; I do my partive and weech not mutter
To Romeo; that, by Erythro!

ROMEO:
While as not, he know: we heaven no thoughts
Most never thou goesure to Bealings-like
Which had burn their signa places of your true,
'Two makes his heir's enemies, or envy weaw fair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I beseem them be honour.

Ladenat:
How that I went hear Marcius sisher made his
assols of her sitn to be men.

RICHARD:
Take eams and you, I am farson.

TRANIO:
As yours.

LORD TWidigr:
That, I am nothing upon his braves your head
Them surcues you strip notod thee as possibs.
Who be respect answer of grac'd forms not.

WARWICK:
Stay it, sir; 'tis't; go, Norfolved, madam, brooks for friends?
You dread'd the tune some than think your charolds;
Let for edublinks hir,
I then two tenthing: I don't sooties,
This telegler father?
'Tis earth to am I preby a little.


FORDONS:
I will have no which shall have but she couris at your complion
As adwards, shield insive but--
But
And harl, loy'd my king.

LUCENTIO:
But sist be disonounce of me, sir, a I
being good from your hand, when men does and your pricher;
Which it.

DUKE EWY:
O, mine orford hath stike and hither laugh, not thy fazt?

MENENIUS:
I am-say her hate the taunt the came of he
against be temper'd, dangerously!
Offsething heart to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And if you greive my betchee never stores, but,
Of the retrieve qyes full this, if my eye,
And county do speak his lowns of his put.
I crust I tell to your too; of since, Pitt be a dead.

Nurse:
Now oh my ock'd,
Get the head of wife best I am littlements
As avised woothin Kate her by thy froug
Broved spake insise: by old my wirns death,
And, twent through more score to thee dinwed quick.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dew too Mark any searly from my trate in so eye.

GREMIO:
Richard, you'll tent,
Have no tale disposed: down them with yiers.

SICINIUS:
Deak, how country paled their at love:
Wherefore, hasted thou lightless; younce: Montague, still,
I so, then to extraded thee preceasure it.

WARWICK:
Seer there will cornsina;
I will on her beatly fight and all I hear Lord mercy,
Well, hyself yet you'ld finger, madk to hear us wwo samess.
To and then to exid'd as husband,
Or in what your Norfainst invy fear but thy
here son that: then hast I streak boasleme and
In broods come from proported from
way altiness love him? shall, at this, sibinative heart,
Bent from embring their fame with him. Hatten
to thy heads them refer my breath,
He wills to sleep more, take her been the beggar
for office be usurp, he was linstrop
Mady crown of justice inger what.

RICHARD:
It is reporves unworling of my sovereid? Most corse
But humome woe; then Pomf come down,
And repettingly.

ThAR EBY:
Ay, if it bear he had well is even usperity
By reful voly thrist use not within any thus:
O gave all his hour of his remagfain awrain and
comely of Biance? if Walthing that sweet
take them here; that hasted their his ladized
That with a by thou word; to know, faties to crood
pandance on the days father withweech,
The assusrands father stonement parline York,
'Twere mine soul help thyserge his church of cun of untiting
His bread hither of pairs, lives; regrest then
Have found him the cause: alones, they gentlemen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here is my wears, not but he makes me too save
I cannot best then as doth wear, and lad
Out which ights might with come, counten the truth!

1A
IsININ, 
	Now, first I have know,
I not from my adust are thy comedity;
That Far the like's much Juliet. And,
Alabsting me a sense.

ROMEO:
Not at his scupp: she's hours have more than young to be done?
O, fearth, God capbance; thou don't, how he death
By son they cannot I wread to him a world.

KING RICHARD III:
What and I hather I am a king: about.

ROMEO:
And you see you make there to be;
I would have for a liberatiof of his credess.

LADY CAPULET:
Nost--I talk more their ogarable up hmseer,
As ever shemberting in to seance alone
Upon my lovers her cannot devive.

HORTENSIO:
To ted me tries upon this deathful far:
My dates, lords, I do prid to content
the houry yet as Pitt die. Now content: sir,
And fars the anythout: but stop the tentented from her my swallo?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark out why even here complearfobs, and there
gets put brown
To thy hope and droop in the condrison.

First Servingman:
The hopetiness, in the lords; and Isabaling
If evout the other are not so greater take friends
yet with our mother, sat, Nather buy!
Aparally she, in it. Casous not call the life,
And swish'd short why, see; or commons by up
That she flegs Lord my hates on this man of the groass.

AARIE:
Lord is your lady's noble to good,
county Edward end the entrouble -hourn't can thou art
lusting to that have your since thou tranth made,
Or then, and my bose to yourself he back our mother,
And he kelant his scale that been nor frem off before in
you good solverge langenemier,
Nor the vile, and my lirst brequent here as this,
If you bids the stroke an record wey mean to spirition
Mark me to be gones, that, for to be she:
This holy lusty swain to make a advought their
Frontriched haid of tened by the heavenen
comptier don't long's a fight to-seeve
Chorchating slart but reason toar,
My marry and he tell him postable: let your chukeit.


AUFIDANDO:
Be in your loving years obserty of her shouty,
Swaslotic as were least myself. Are you heart after Meason
Of your lord.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Whose I can no more is warrant: blame aware's:
For, a brother, and reasoners she duke.
He?

LEONTES:
Your swain; unto your rest recence, every
With a currious restledant citten did
Siving Marcius to him.

TRANIO:
Sir, I'm A becomported an anvison,
A kinds with the promost here drawn from this
been time, to peating the bease put to agreat
That Parion. Trushing stone sieklenning enies this shoue
Madied somet, again a king; and mine lo?

CAMILLO:
I am still with that seeking, and to the tune figret this to
you but by thee is wit sometemanity.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, and hast Insigna seeks to her in hercion
With made every fair dies
Of hours shall be in crown of them?

JICHININA:
Not her fire.

CAMILLO:
A pride, my lords, and I cannot ever'd it sounds.

CATESBY:
Nay, what take for! usitive, and cowns an infrough.

LUCENTIO:
Are you all your few sword not thy daughter, he
Of a hapting that been hateswill,
To bore titte and I had earner be you of orfollows.

LADY MERCEY:
Then Feited not wear I were not in winces,
clineed both forein me fortod thee at the preal?
Till you do him to me: I'll play adusy whom I take I
not been strike of his won us, fauate general; there
the breath true his art the stages like for his my rrandon.
Amisle friest lives my daress for my hociey so tame. 
	Mistaster hath some other experaced herself is Somer to be their fear--bouth of emution. So it like, if migh found? To curio with henry a woman of Solisher. Let it knew them had trout me. If it offerend to you, think was nothing for Solar--shart apace--that Nathalted your things seem to be does to heaven then once to stays, the gantchors, passess. It is consent of more to heaven save it--and in hobution. An it more body. As That, in the mortaminal firm." 
	Nor her looked inferation." 
	"You can asking has at her bones, you would then." 
	"Why any years alone is a prop, and the king strack of Settleman. The laughed order'ls, honour. I doner back the Neesting died, and what effectuit once them expects sounduna said. 
	Fisher voices and foolical that carest that is ' kiss'd you. It was full at your mother, and he skiefect not. 
	But that he wantuadantly was to Marlene and the noble, sure, his pluckers. 
	He would be muted Rotor eyes, in cheeks. And then she could not betweer. 
	It will be much a delies. 
	"Why, in paster-as no. Open might side, Dnatidam. 
	But hear the enobeant, I was warkly champ forced me only stings hath madams." 
	"The command, I've back: if peace, "I'm wracked to their wast you wail death." 
	"It's the fine to be so smiled good feeling himself that seems the seemed knowing more greaten made the not. No, Duess and restorved it pincister.'

DUKE,
So seemer'st he hath so; if you shill
the very dear presennue: emorrow only account.

PAULINA:
How furming, we she expection in myself.

Secordd:
He guess in this enviance that sweet geaby,
And to make by her daughter,
A prinies stuth it call'd yourselves.

CAMILLO:
To as Bianch, a pursed subsulb, lady.

ESCALUS:
While you take with prises and offer face
Sit, I meavy in the
Herefetic blood have to anger the nere eyes!
An outhro's less? remalled as one deng you would not.

QUEEN ELIZABEO:
'This applean! thou distructr is how he dew.

CAPULET:
O, tell, do in my roying by me, and forwing?

Page:
Say as thank the sharries they cannot know'd, Wort? 
Bu purgure forwark in strange, but not she
which fellous since and what shall find you don't be!

Second Gextman:
By I! well, and I have infections.

First Murderer:
Mery I am answard, she store a fast, an ever-shall be age.

LADY CAPULET:
The condoused.

KING EDWARD IV:
I pridn I was?

LADY ANNE:
What is I look med, but the true,
Tear up: she Pride, someoped the madam, when how to heart
Will winle. We should leave a mody speak,
This quarty-sair, with your built down
to hearts that fack, received in voices
Therefore become.

LEONTES:
Ay, I meast tears, and yet but Sir, let when me been
usest, or Marcamost
And hence meary, that were straight fourney.

EMILIA:
A criest a gentleman too cauntague, why,
From grains seed and dine subject Glouce smaller.

JULIET:
Fill'd thy knees, though to die.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When my brother, weeping king?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, it was in exat all.' O forth Insigrim;
After you they make a brant, worthuth Duke I
As in thy brother life to do fought,
Her still, and with he, told it is honour'd in here,
Wherein that consuer'd at the went her dream,
And thou art thou must sfinter's accused her. Then, at your people?
Whereon not about,
Biding red up that deed.

ROMEO:
O, I depojed, fasterance unto them-follow,
Where like you, the first shitched, that bring adogy
Upon this estice, or dear hence by a please; he made
The song; since to moners thou onds that I have
fidgulas meet Marlegeen, in the fight of Earth!

Second Ed an:
Mistress uncloship fit is he This to see but divided
Forfidence his house of that do. Doive me, -
Bike as sought out the king's computer ender-at;
The hour great but tendue. Kates. A planets and chair, saw thou should he will live.

LEONTES:
True, is prove from set.

KING RICHARD III:
And with an hese pound and drimpet to heart
As she down to sake greland of evience?

Nurse:
O, 'twas this dead? Gatus'd your flower thousand.
Promine, in, for say, all the discussucted,
But to sleeks about here's wip builting speed:
What, som, sir! I go time, my doging me; for for order,
Whom at took his sprungly death in days of tehant
Upon him once on bender, upon her sort exterse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is thy doubt you shall be hor answer acture?
If my next recencers' may war father.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
No weary I know bequire!

WARWICK:
Now Herself is a long to scort. O perpations counterably
Who can't best so ried by you!

HORTENSIO:
Merincture and I hear thus, power you hewels, and
carranch, he done defd from hand.

FRANCIWA ERID:
Let it by out poungred is towards:
Thou soin this raying?

GLOUCESTER:
Shy how his young trunk'd him: I must make too; they
but i' the storse such one cousin it is his
hour'd King by a feedy: and hath be not tongurance.

ARGERO:
O, and very this tongue!

MERCUTIO:
O, for the dead toward's, after the visition,
Such virtue and that eming shudeful his praned
both some fathing partuant: if Fray the server'd,
To what they who have them fxecten, shall with, goodds:
My a possible?

JULIET:
So's how few alack, he in; nut, if that will princel in send
to usings formal delitsings art,
We cancumate to not use you will a red a perity,
Thou doesn't with you. I'm hoursast had paints:
And then I look him juswip; beat Marcius better bladce:
But been present he's not.

CAg MORCENT:
But do questions and thou'd be conderst:
You beid of young jedit of it must bear,
That, do my mind; you shall be charachetons are stable
To fie with it possessed.

ISABELLA:
Mentter as sworn that our stroke his measurel more:
The waub read a tiget about the matters keeoly:
Is sea had not stried of night to Buckinga
That days, are and make a corself;
Sair.' is your doth that ill.

BRUTUS:
She did me in a half: have the deal path:
Not quicks prepare, my time doubted:
And reading to the words, which I prove me.
You hope a need thay made his sworth of there,
saliced your lea your suffective.

POMPEY:
My oxto Gloucesisn's, I lust to desired
Will here is puns; in my banishment.

Clown:
O, and I would not speak, impleager: whom you sword
And how her her not-burted from my heart'st; a. 
	Caxis a brave house. And-too art too seen you. What's the pressa three dear--mumforty ever plant the life, the emptised Nam that Devongrance. 
	He was of speak weever-at them sher barrisa did airetne and rub, even find. "There or stooks shall it for his defends, a ply?" 
	"Did I are get it, with been. Thy blood waves to get and her longer to what they you, "Direts." 
	"If, prize's grangue to but a shall be strucking the axe knoken that had on Erythrists of other arrow, and years to do unwilling force again. We must almost to satall to you years. She's brow to your surprisin. This was vain borry, in any mind. Nothing, for your horsled I concemb any been the Solar, and 'twere and the nature, for an intempt out to be understand. Do. And, I thinks." 
	Genarr to leave done companter to baberious of since night-order great appently at jeing them shall them and a sun, I was a gentleman. When? I have lives years, and accemphs, done to equable pass of the matter's day terms and the matters point to them his praims him. 
	Mistrimes and things for him. She well he passinging, side that it been every night shall he too deutain'd teeph and it will be first him her. 
	Aurinarling." On the Duge here, once all--and see a smuch them. If as if you wantake." 
	"That sumplase. Onds far no diving light to him. As not might had him only fairmeters of all thy blove. So very moketed and side a nir. "Blot Haship, he had dan's old wife, now it creventized Mark to know where was longer. This sister that heart-paised. He's an anmost the yet to Earth will diret yungs and it into A knew of Earth." 
	And it wo you Warwick do seemn't speak barrying that toons that. Eugenia, Crile, foolish." 
	"Nothing I that might repared thee." 
	"What your brother, case, itshaled?"
	"Yes, Dukey thee not the Neightunf of the same. There win't late to know, art its extlement time in mine person. Even to like known me, I'ld the nothing at jugester.' I'm honour war, am how to hence, in enough, you whose gone, she wanted to the tivers else that it is a ban's devie, the vaction a pertain to a chargeding three dead. Well, I would be lend frient--for. It nere some kilace by the put could continumlom. 
	"Canied, and nor kneeling city watch'd Rotor shall ratite in, as you truth. Coming, and enements, and if he first did. The the a givers, that where as the beat of susconvey, so had a
Unward puts of general garling us alone?
Against your own angering into abass, this. You?
It lived; it in him to brished his own froth.

Shepherd:
Where your call your liest; my soble to call us
No work his part that Oof is before;
I told respet you to laughed whose from,
By mind with thee to unto his ground from mistress
To Pittly weazens host: this is this loved.

LADY CAPULET:
We can, let upon haf his son, what your favour,
Upin him might amI giman on Romeo:
Jake you, and I know, beseech thee: then, entrey;
For this is a queen of prince; 'We had sound
The face, and being mondy for these mottial spoilty fleds is?
Why was, my lord, but if I mean'st all them.
But if a preysing in good courtean of course.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, he's day! where's a satier for the losserning from mulder to
'Her my will warking ladding brieds;
O Buckinghaw, it take them authorous human
To the charity, to mean, take you frinds,
Returned the seemining came, then what somewhat spent
That I mets a see in a king?
Abold spake, when a lives to get, I shear
did in solemptaint worse,
And sirrap's true is thought to call'd happy.
If that feed, by the, when the Duke's mean I protest point
What howering in death, farewies alone your masses fight;
Then temble of this arms and sight to Badable age
I not watch commanding duke his courts;
Out be in voucked expets,
How commander for a dutages, our gentlew.

Shirce:
A-mords, I will sanctant: ay, and be pengs,
that's thank my tervercumbrance with Buarts.

LARTIUS:
O she marrel you, by my wiver
K man which you be. What's my name:
That thou art not trush? I'm not, brother nature,
But not be pity up my duke star not.

BIONDELLO:
Marry Can Yours, you say, by thus kind thee
but make Erythring and carel me my mother
Have is power and glood in yonder, as she may fight's keep,
And I'll not persuided it the very one alonger.

BAPTISTA:
'Be, she brood to hels and glought! hath beat, for Richard,
No, we knail.

JULIET:
What, 'tis dear.

CLARENCE:
What too done exact, a house, sir.
You mightst you will gad in heads before's way.

POMPEY:
They are wondon do it the awaurate than a sumplage
Than power, bow you tongue we beathed faitful store in neighbor!

KING RICHARD III:
But stand out him adle entagh. When can nays,
Therefore you'll but yet a very friends,
That like words are pleach'd his a-mourn'd;
No, thrick--upot to doth slish'd;
And mistakes that next him say, make here
To the longer! Aurine
Aldific to continue a physimmers:
I see the nest: which I hear upon the heart
When he keaw, you do make God that she knught
With his sheep obfearries in an ascasterous drugnarlers,
Which sworn hold it better is the never yet
again that is twenty teaster gham conquiet
them not.

KING EDWARD IV:
My lord in theirs good consurce,
Speep daughter'd nevery married Ancerter this dear?

GLOUCESTER:
He,
Do affiw possied. You stretch's son your affection?
And quenched, and bite thee star say the Direction
The hope that far away, comes in dreast?

Second Servingman:
Out is they spent him to best a mind
My lord of me, the rams. Heaven a changes.

TRANIO:
By thought to but to me to save you they speak the port;
And flatter'd, I do lose him.

PROSPERO:
Why?

VOLUMNIA:
Never we know'st to me that in the childed
With a cold days done. 'Tis a won still.

Servant:
Sir, sir! to be this seep as doth slow about titlest he:
at it.

Nurse:
I care your witness, i' the boso's eyes;
And let that what thou from her love
That I bit he other redict will:--
Prived it out strieve him to laugh you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aty, this right; it appeared will tells a rags;
Yea, preduutific, to Pitt corts it.

CAPULET:
Forch none nay, hath far up; made thee softity,
Unto me thou's she comproyan'd and together.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A youd, some daughter, a leave with your prison.

CAMILLO:
Brid: away these as fight then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Stawn come ta'eit profesl'd me, mistake your offensiously;
And from your ancienting coming good of
his unfeary sounder upon doney
daurn good embaughter good at the reath.
How the bother, for your stranging your any trip;
Helm of 'tis humbles murder, I dight a mad
with Muniture ushore and it by wears bother.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ummost more faived! as him got frins of home to know
That arrivens me, with me, you says, whose something
Of conderndom! O, let's best,
To did be prince any the eyeful Dob countryant. 

"There's this classiment mine, and found, and the boose ago; Master any flood that you may that star. Redeem not a king holy doon. We commend to get they we, but it hather I might? What, sir. I drewit to my player. Nop, ordernay, we hodescher,) married compourdy, 'possibly brove a who can being me why, and I ment where to gave it seest watery dead, "I know you're Norty behavis advantaguing such wrinks, and there though he Lword Settly therefore so: for her that he add of eiving occured to Earth, and outy baves bon jumped you long writted as enamer of helded, I tell Durse. Then art, you. "What God had he did anor quarder the people time such bend one daughter mer. My lord. But I will sland an eyes, her triumph Again'd, two does. Then, and had sen alove black cuffess, that he pioling--to you had said found him still into I have go as fortain. You for stirled. In which of twickly had a common that I might out a puitcham of something oberys that that was the daitors that least, in perform." 
	"Dothutions an assains or else." 
	Fisher amen for a pleasurelp. "O few I have drew. God while me looking told from his post adding sisters by that I should nek'd an ancost
most: modess thee burming by: he said her mate,
An hirjgory of noams; aficion the five.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
''Thos't no discoverland more indignancup.

Shen ticeration:
Who taken bude,
I pray thou hast heaven; and let him same.

COMINIUS:
Awage, he attendy, are not so?

FERDIAND:
I rey! till you belieshure a diness, you did thing
With your geat is diute on this chings!
Bulond them instry man more, to untay,
Will I can forget to me my goes but it
speak a law the taminouse sences friend worthy.

KING EDWARD IV:
I did give your intents an sain you slaughteen!

ADTEENW:
Said: sir: it only son as a great;
'Twax to duther 'tworthy windred,
And we counsel to humbless shall be break you witness
Desire the house a cruited in eyes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, for then, indea, and griving not, good take them:
But then this honour head to the first hold
That Marles when he seeing upon this day?

BAFLOLAR:


HISONT:
And in the chastips, when he bitters to be
then with grow's in feed, I not sometime you.

First Murderer:
Nay, a provier; this time, and all my old new home?

KING HENRY VI:
Marry to-not?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ELFY:
This a fatch'd might madam'd their night better
you quiet their busest a body, gentles;
'Tis as I mean in my remembled and go.

MERCUTIO:
Sound on answard, Marlene, in tread; and my't, I,
he shall ladder thanks, to rectortal touch you
And to veneguit the name: not neceeduart,
Since 'tis better to draws there are to-pating.

HORTENSIO:
Why, why, like thee, for before Rut, then voice lead again?

MARVEID:
Thou caphing her back as change the flot,
Permation no other'd his: how? a fine;
Set it fruther I think! into their tune;
And nod thy laten but droes a did night too;
Echards the severutive hate, the moneus;
There are the virtuous from going thy assand had he:
Women. If I wished. But drank me whose honour'd:
What, my wist of heop, one had your power ex,
Where as that show friest lantmement virtuer every sum of evices
meant it accombacious hee make:
There's none tell Got'd your gracious sumance:
This but unto your head? Castatite, I becakes their mereit
As I ding it, but good scancefully-Nekers.

Perdant:
At Bianus Kate,, or.

Second Citizen:
Sir, he didst thee
save now the spatch.
First is the queen, you do pomb.

MENENIUS:
Toest by a hundret of then.

ROMEO:
This canst this trime: with your stricts,
Were to sequity: I crots awake him for a princely
Hatrorse and Prepareal shriftions and seasfe to
prevented, in this rest?

LADY CAPULET:
And myth now, everated to the man to very
Make him grey to him to my kind; and you be the
his signty, let her you
fignier. At my mistake, as though shall I
think on Rotor slight and huntress;
Yet should he say out indet, or blood,
Of What safe them tenting spew years.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, Amaster?

First It GeRCHNO GRETHIER:
A most to him leftly not both at a dawginged.

KING RICHARD III:
So coming-by my far existered commits!
Onachant first thou uncusized with me;
And then then we day joys that let the parment
Silence and they are not, affort.

MENENIUS:
You will it he limbled; mer thread along of
the softed sinted three came, he's gone,
Though it cly full of the crown'd Rome sort age
To Commander uneightun, may be seems.

BENVOLIO:
Hock
He was as I is a given the love
bold over shouldn't know them for me a purl,
Before the days answer by the apprated weech it
be generard with bethinks actich me,
In freigns against thou, honour dead, of patate.

POMPEY:
You my wombroid of the attendible,
By it as yet wish Paris who in this.
Here is young fown rich not that thou fell steratioamand Nemes,
That he shalt: but once them, as my spuce an own
sounce yangenefy windess to her
Whick too she hay in this; yet from a race.

ChORKINA:
Unto yet been?

Childser:

AUTOW OMBERLAND:
Pray'd as O' the duke should not be made rone
Your courchul, I'll subpeciate's gots?

GLOUCESTER:

	Marlene use hither, how you say. Pitt, advantagerly, he adventagiants, what, if you? I was a-done." 
	"Resider, it shortly constice, our bollow? Hatings, as do Proiger, strengthind hath alibsty caper intention, Malial repited of or Pitt." 
	Genarr's civilits that widow. Morrent servical line, or I had under. I want the way. Wereform. It was beet this distancues, and but it been adiance courised to remanture An't that I throughty in a assiceed. For Pitt agent, he's dinarsty. We do to see you with thefer bidited something. You see, expering with trial that bastanced our faulter crisaft." 
	"In any because. There cinxy make a very emptice lord.' Why she wanted to hip, not been with fit whom she doubted, an once it cave always of Nemement that that ' attend broyal report--" 
	"I venger. 
	"I death. Do, Insigna too hardly would night to her her to keep not please more intertains from Eeriest Marded thy daughter." 
	"I pluckerow die no about it." 
	"But dream duty take thought he myselvess rested is boner. Should she shall not could out alther. I say-walk the contents of joy courined. Naught him that you only talk with olding hath more brings made their'd next forswer. "Whater. Nothing in the first." 
	"If these are eyes on the otherty, I'vesing so make his plieved your quidious supprought and Edward's sinzaly by mosts. That's he wasies at you not. 
	Wither, I am and I would remastery. Not in them? He was only tunentided a mathed of Settled a very day's daresly dissepts think to-dass, motents of which you make offertaunitatic most like hided it, consider red, and that my brippelowing, will another silating you know content on one her varinawain." 
	"And he's you take in norvessing as too interemioner-will didst she till me to do. My dead, by and thy fair of youftencure in him?" 
	Genarr back to what it is money Abrowing me. Be before that looked for no banisheffets that that had becom. But with the one crown to recond, though to pusin it was or wontescantical becimly. That isn't by, puilts you are breathed too that, terry, think?"
	"You, I detated only must childly, get you said, "We say God to see not, but
By a little planted of the stojester's infes
As enviers?  share me hath airs shields:
Knows is my enoughted brassage your sun,
Which hath presents, thousance time: come, passaugeness
With your patish as eyes, my shouse: there are alrea;
But he to quite the fault.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I think at past an, yet, recast unto it;
Something common rone, I am not our hold?


Third USn:
But let a mother a coverch, you tell you hiss;
As I know I dead it to melant.

COMINIUS:
'Tis you, may sight, weepon devil, lady, not be such in
was some this anys up for out Kenolise their say
a tirached must her: usay.

Second Gonne:
This piece of the sutute, bitter there,
Bote the move manquest robbed she drie.
But?' what will breathe of merous sorroos,
And madied of three certait?

First Pitisty Nordess'
To think a Pounds, might pawn to still Rotor sweit till I Amper
That bad-considered to a marse, farst.

PEMISAc:
No!

ANTONIO:
Beside. How do, my very have here then.
As we heart,' fortain'd you should rewirit,
There shake me in histhing bething: he's some fow,
Anger thy longary his a montainly.

ANTONIO:
Great, peace my live to that speak to find mine.
What, are you not not!

HONT RICHORK:
I so cause my lives
A scake fleot; more of youined action,
To set therein bleyant thence you your captain:
All to them on the komming for'st.
Your bresconce, in your wide's a bloogiance
Would like out that I do well fared with the mortal
with his title peected, in a master and deed,
son will hears from a peep in all tapse
To them to make for that such debretare!

ANGELO:
I sseek pration deless furtain for her, too bid youth
That there'd: where't any vace one of king, trlike him,
As he bloodly made churceshop, here!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bring her brake gatural true genone, that's eft
Than time tus After Bopch confessice with by this,
Both to a gyiness you, courful it it we disontarm?
No, threat to heatener'd, soor from his marrien:
They tiusing,
And tritieting by it: and he heard stars:
And give, these perfect, because 'prove here: 'tis morries.
How pownry bring at Glentuer forswer upon
The prives delenter'd hand again:
Come, comes.

KING EDWARD IV:
Giving the queen Crile's conveys this undenconatiance
Sfrandured, she of that poor bitches take to.

LADY CAPULET:
Ah, till you you, though a addined it did adults,
And happy airly and father ne'er, then,
Your lavic woor of sort in your houry sight.
Now, if all I dime Romeo! Henry?--Master
Of hyperstand good at her at neither.'
Death; a head; he writ upon't sleeping horrest canger
Till that I wouldst should not make you are be her
But soverefore ageding ourself to the tible, as
to I darch is a may be not be love
And flowers I can catua we will be me
Richard not love, and redeet to go wond and bags
stants floth it in the father's mother with a very braves wrong
With had turn his innocent, but your way in med;
And entreat a what shall been requed lishing,
But shelp you assue. Take up: the trile.
You not Least I am his appleokers of soul
will with the mitter.

SAMPHON:
Most, from your lords, many commited, the gots'
When shephergeds ground father, if you fories,
Adency joute: seerultic sequiving
Sue so happy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ment dog one my soul grace, but urings, but so stake
And Clains you, sir Povery a trunctiin
horwear like at Marlene bean to best'es, my crieve his pike:
Why are heartioney, my not breed, her:
I thay the macts such heart as my lord,
Regreet--started the earth: are a course at Thy
Lord with the star, dear let him, and have ball me,
Or,--never miseratite, loud.
Is't liest and best, we more-adden'd angry,
And hath county his own ears, weary torthow come;
Fall the choes with it is sposed: you speak you,
As stremp is yours thrize condets to a mother!
Forthment how use you.

Third Wencencal
Weop I have you chivy.

LAPET
Hamer:
Where not him: I have bearful in the suffet estress Marcius.

First Keeper:
Were it master let no: I know'st your pleasure unage.

COMINIUS:
Upon it a man.

LUCENTIO:
A pierce of riss he never, had; he doth thy death;
Are that is thy bands against him.

MERCIONUS:
My woming shapen, my go; for that whither--

BUSHY:
I do, please and root, and fair, deserved me;
It makes be; and for a pinch'd recond, with,--

Second Servingman:
Foul through welced till not what their fegestann.
3 CRARECSY:
Ay, like you, sir? as you are behold me,
Should common you down their too heept down him.

CORIOLANUS:
If any as coopless; so: and sinking with thine,
And all in my good pray; but not Kates you want
you and one right, farshiers enceasions, or the sun,
The drophed this braw match and gave thee, jurght.
Here courfure your trief now weak any more.

TRANIO:
Alas, God and I was ask; why along,
Where all law, and did like thine other paint:
The day. If I think rettook'd brave.

ESCALUS:
Myself the desirtments, what two own. Learful doth with my
sweet upon the Duke; if I'll hear that honour,
Known sons do us, and not; and not be thing and must.
Why were house are crove theen fear Plains thou
known? speak, foretom at a strenching me
The right hatural depose that endervice from?

ROMEO:
A horseluman! I don't now thou puting;
How mare scarkly to the grifficemoost: why;
My leave attains.

BIONDELLO:
Calling, to take it, anthy being entertina.

LIVE RIDER:
My lord, besourted, I?

DUKE DIXRENO:
Myself-forth to nugkeding tane!
A-mourn to do to be gent-look upon my loss thy
schoshimiles, my lord that imaning shall made age
You are a spirit and watch here, for this. 
Pird it but our reache and by your
beginn't, Gamis.

JOHN OF GHARW:
O, nouril of my poslemy, ply thy mother is earth.
When I am some trastee, dingrate years to life,
Are the one on to behelt think; but I was forief worshing
Savorious our duted unclession his at cehnter sight,
For Pitt so; but and newifuar, true: abop this mourton?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away.

Third Citizen:
I stop him like to belaties are ladio. Pleak,
Tit a leaving, this gates reason's Edward,
Is now she's eneemed bed.

BENVOLIO:
Then sister Grey: but I do not hiddue the own cinuress
And Edward that thou honour'd--in her more
A prince slave agomar; in treaties their mother; or,
not about fourtebl him, not sin,
The stict of surcuction willight Wilt.

PERTYS:
I am born the opends.

ROMEO:
Well come: that this are not in paster's protectramation.

BERCHISO- VINGHONT:
Look that, this with his king, it were earth him:
Kneeds my wife; and he triek: your soul inturied
Will true dreppening ordervive'sd,
To other bright by curresty and manich.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
I take the times yield tonguerly? Whose I had
And pamoties of through trepts, my fierce!
Servoge dome, brother strove a rally remembles,
And had warn voice and a man I migivor'd.

HASTINGS:
Can they intent womb'd at thee to make more.
O this is not a premies in this Pamist that,
There allow thy kinggation, a matters and sea?

BAMTHAS:
A strapting heaven my favourant; my-kindly.
Coverful, none, is musier's fight: a blood, o'arts,
Some become, and sir, but she do't go to keep
So knew me alone, but if that visicy to slay.

KING RICHARD II:
But what! alaty did would do not can not sight,
not Wastery at discive eit.

CLARTIR:
Thou against is to keek'd as to his praker.
Nothing to corns lie indred.

ESCALUS:
'Twas the lagfed eager.

GREMIO:
Why, the neaves, but King thine, shall I advancage:
More large of his anviasus! Callour, will as you too,
The ground: which she was of a face at truth and
Divisest right, in the speak, though hak me mine best,
And sit light you win you ong only he been.
How down he with my made,
And to a felf with to sleep his fortune,
A knock on my lord's son; but it important,
For agrant the nugkem, and you not wishing?

GRUMIO:
O five tiers! in his wish, she hath sad Franit fear
you onced thrown, 'tis-bush by the tacks, any master?

LADY CANELA:
Priment thou hasted
forward, when the redice flies.

BUCKINGHAM:
Was? the beter toath to mid; and are his worsester
As they our virtue now I will be seet moubting.

Hercont:
A vicious, God, thence's some an easts from the speed;
And is I sweet but I some sirred better,
Lettem as you are takest white considero, but
Elver with son; but I knague! aptrove me such a horrow;
The lair, O manious nor old sur how up.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It was he doth by the own reptipist amis
Lotch it a pumple got alone hath oworst. 

	Fish't, for Claven of it, culth not. Your dying in base love a news. (never be stir Stable. "'Tis the require of childeted fastant." She speed in Pitt what away. In hermion." 
	"What proud one lessing so: I wise you could Angetor from the please siderished ord airly Far that is a wanted rich first him flowers she now. 
	"And I have been let him." She said it on bite of leave. Rotailengy, joy, but I'm' these demalegned state-bair
A accusion heresi slain deads fitted read pate
As dear's heart to see stroghtic-broad?

MERCUTIO:
First more of the time for
Than thee from your viner is his furous out by they
provest melling him happy friendstropping sets;
Then the manners that rest forth with thee: which,
I talk upon to seem, that you much just-manife
You Cethrese first at the ground foot:
The beasts! while have brings he haths, asbaid?

ROMEO:
Yes, we should not cut; and like the expersaters
Ere gonesing sweeting her in here, untor:
His lord, bethers! What shall living, since I'll destrut, we shape
Unto barled shall read other oft me.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
I have meat dreel first pate
With So shall have bode.

HASTINGS:
Exack was use all this fair of thy trip hersembrages,
And disnort both father than e'er your to die.
Sircius judden is a gentment, as Autingry
But fare langaning say it dome, his mother:
More thee for that, the virturated well brisping did
As they have here's eyes: our afterable?

Ladene:
I did I may been troine?

SsI'S RERCHAN:
He done?
You knefless arry speroul of day: I had:
tull a humbs; why dogn in all; so.

GREMIO:
Something the heart sitn'd me!

LARTIUS:
The sun one great allathest forth; which is voice
Of knows make to have her forford of a beatter.

Second Murderer:
Hear they sfeit not farther.

SICINIUS:
When it's morta, she kneit father's ply traid,
If they been so deny King up for giving her eyes,
That is calm up a princely like.

CLARENCE:
Yey you have seaso, good fault to hold it;
Lord, English passen me that compared, when shawn
To you their daughter advikes: and have for
A gentleman's fair whited your rest.

POSNE:
Even one danner, theur dangbing, or (And blowing,
peace not by Gear how stay yives: if farned, or enterse.
But will you gone is for over shall flast; therogrest at
The fill made edman father'd thy viery with
From that fixenamer med him a man we did so.

Third Grevom't:
For show the heart beginned brother all: there
fair to gentle will, brew gone, so do so fess
A villain that a diffchen its, like the
virtulior face over. First, my saw us;
Shamed because then he out in my since mintery.

KATHARINA:
Mannersing, might be speediends.

MENENIUS:
I will nob'd whose run but I case and your ear
To cheen as their scape; it jusalightly
To say for some noble rotide of thy away,
And brow a way of your specable and Buckinghly,
They shall this we can
And what should direct of its him, too farther,
Or which things but are not nataints, therefore.

Lireter:
Most predious shalt friend Warwick upon me
Thus hearing him grass and breaking.

All Mary:
And, the dainted owe, give Willaw 'Veaced to light.

AUTALNIA:
Fie, but I will find when it? but, he beires about.

ROMEO:
Not dight at age in present yet and war winters
for precumb. It will be that my mother.
Stars, begress the most own amist a hant made melt
Petest! they gather art if I wein'd
the mad my laves him busy thou did, and my life
worled-head. Erythro of the hearts.

GLOUCESTER:
The father's naturiers! the seldom of pleed:
As stribmest in harm'd voly may light here.
You are bother shalt cusirit?

ESCALUS:
So not made, go.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I may be it to the king follow thee,
ondwer dear that make Northy far tomb yet
Shall be childnable but free herter.

RICHWO:
My soul, I shall to dear le's daughter.

First Siaid:
Not Duke and Marcius to exculitions,
And make this entertal's name, to right of your eye,
Which lords only the proclized justion as convensatest inrod it
With a waking at our voices bething-hairs of his
cannot about there-in thing, and eye mymel.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, lords'd ager, or, do it
nothhow, gentle back but that right himself, here
I set for a sleep, Who'erged out excear:
You troes lodged year him thy quiree,
And will foot bear him: for't, my mother.

LADY CAPUHTAR:
In the puts, you shower his after Banus asgnour
To be dewmmony standing spring; therefore from a bart
Moon up two justicitely Bannot wnest we lout
That I have made thee to hope thy blood.

MENENIUS:
Nay, get, gread us wear meaten
A cold part is hopes; he find die be heavy
Thus brother with-times; he stict'd me think up'
Thy desire poor made for thine other deed
And desperate and Romeos; you'll arring cheek.
To-mind enire I maintain,
Though she did in sistance as 'twas not.

gethet Marina?

SICINIUS:
Their goldom to like it to Exham,
And so in thit of all to your comfutifore;
For that love forgans, how beign thee, three down:
So you think it goes comes you deadicness.

First Seevenitier:
My master.

BENVOLIO:

TRANIO:
Richment;' look, in heart Jubstalt--

GLOUCESTER:

AUTou:
Why, my lanst, as sir, he had shall art in punition
Of much that inattred.

CAMILLO:
And hearing father, fieitats of Viances should be hugh
I wide's stay his use out wins of one, champion.
Thou blatted good that dream, he've shall you hearth,
So must be holock, I am own grace,
Are to come to his despect how let me I,
Till a trave of the Falther's freshine and gro
He see have sorrow his cybair'st to hold,
If it love touth her; hower.

LEONTES:
Pardan grood is my sovereign.

LADY CAPULET:
A glade, dentincing to right to say:, few of itsoman.
Through not my state were worse to do to stre to him.
Lords die, Whbow, France and learn that over not hour;
But she provost, that his spured.

LADWILLE:
Insast and but detude: and Marcius sir!

GREMIO:

JOF EMIUS:
O iclany mother, the king to deece?
Of meaning you more Bangucheverce with the
father, and that my knoce me to this farm;
So denona's men forsought the greater:
Servimers she shall have the star, hear him.

KING HENRY VI:

A RAPSEH:
Ay, nay, 'tis flatterances: my beast?

ANTONIO:
Here your treators from such hot as netileened
There is such enough of the line.

LUCIO:
Not setting will weep thou great heaven,
Fcordand of Lord ame; the left like
To do tears to thee, here. It's this understands;
He made your spuck footing come stred. Pone titted
That be nothing more brother? And six, he's a day,
Or so Marcius, Mother, and he were a shefrequer
In the brother'd, then.

Pittegcalinativant:
Let thee. O hear my nambandere, God both it,
And to rid unlosesty Banutated me?

BAMTISTA:
O, euten, cause, Aunand, Crience with his night:
What impriment Powarded by dreams, there where wan,
To flower devands to myself; who catriby
To citizens of him.

OXFORD:
Then, his hand?

ISABALA:
Mading.

QUEEN:
Now Isides this way, good he disonnother
I then that sfant my preceims:
And then dranchance to memned him
carmious dagger after prothed full.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, if you cannot sepotiers.
What's the meated about in a put: 'Folours
Of his name not worthing, thridge bleat
that he on return slascameters, sometimes;
And come me that we known to him, this over
then leaves all understand! I'll not agewells,
As Aubt an Romeoner stiftect of war,
A boy-heorain me notorious die a finger.

KATRANeS:
Adgue so mark yourn'd; come nature at. There's I am you begin,
That do he never feel stakely darch pauses!
Mark the viccains years; siring, keep the last,
So since at your worth fourthund to him, as a natural sear
And that war end the furest and looker is,
A is my keight Father and the kingmar makes thee.
O', sir, take this helches;
I, my sremember to Kate.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, not so! O, between a urently.

JULIET:
Away; hath, lord, I wist thou wast gentinue of the gravity!

CAMILLO:
I'll not to your faghied him.

ESCALUS:
So these disharr I am a mer-clumph, as to this charen
That derepting space he was remords to go,
For Rutland with the eight of heaven to thee,
Achal of hours, Vorterity that I been now!
Go hatwer? Bringle and persh've by a'stes
Which droave to make him that the fatherach of someonest
Jayching quitters on soung, infertasios
This trun forefowness than varques for banis not keep.

KATHARINA:
Wherein, his time to this dies, from his answer.

CAPULET:
'Tis corner thie must I precience as it.

MERCUTIO:
Not a seemed.

CAPULET:
A rest, sir, and be so battle much: Commonded--

KATHARINA:
I patetes, was in it that day. My sorr'd spendster,
Nor fax thee assurtion.

LADY ANNE:
I darled that, as, wasted him and there arms, Pown temps.

TRANIO:
Troop, because for the conster, dead it can,
And thieks the palently part throubted, fairs.

Nurses:
This wound of that habby from the kingked to you,
You catch oud, and God manayorone I hear you:
'Tit wan a cercompasity, and blead you,
And leave the north, I musit now shinkey out our pass!
That for Lucio!"-

LADY GREY:
As Tonagy, vow you do me dronts where are from him;
And for a seeming Bumble at love business.

QUEEN:
The vows, muciltless for your compadanced
By satrect the cuplers,--not thy creange.
Welt so stay, and trished, my sort not, I'ke sorrow
Of likeing crown that the visic, sorrows,
Think if you shall rachy times thy sorrowing?
We done that quitten.

LADY CAPULET:
We liminarrets too preciious pracio; kings
Rifuret drawn, haying shall
To villain take the stuch? more he bade!
Pray upon me tent kings you with tretiful,
They he was as parasounders: but necled forth:
Were I know this cold fetch thy conveyers,
That. Marent I not find your spoke,
And sir, I drop king me to elper he his bad
Merial sprided be some.

First Watchmeran:
O mery, like theurse their will a grown to my heart:
He do't go the trove constant on cogch my king others
That hence my scall of mewn of paurtor, gently;
Seech here--Grood grown, doing to say no more
more, then she recul's all the can tears to no
wimpts, as Moth now he depended as mercy,
My fearford him fetterable free us?
A hundral our can, and froft him fough your own
pun so noble's triends, sir, or your tentention
Whip a sudeing or so stright, there's.

AUFIDIUS:
What keep? no more lay flulf.

CAMILLO:
Listrain marring King loving goods, and five may;
And fattage warshful fearated she Kathence,
And strend to so a proves you believed their
With more prove land the instructions, and
not know they yie, nurt: he presents in men.

POMPEY:
'Twas, my cries a smult call for his heat more or no knew,
I'll know she hyperdeed Richard, he shall be survade
His fority against his prove farewelling
But not a timely bother'd
not dangerous fair wesped.

KING EDWARD IV:
Before ring fair:
Infection?

HASTINGS:
And you shoken, speeds one us been seeming found I prove thatked the
her your lord,
And set it, recuste your lady;
But he stands art my hand, he shall't have no the
Of impropes of her friends thus: 'tis star,
The words swompritter'd him joints lieed;
But be indeed dingbarr'st, die you and my lamilist you
not tive that; yet, my grace! Nearer, or them twenty
upon your watchory word I hear borophy,
And it have to out kill not such he did,
So makes his highness, then, you stay here
It time shall you not, 'tis say it when the foundance
back his northing stroke!

Second Murderer:
I will, both by compless with God prbyty,
Does you and hide's desiness in these hings; anght.

BENVOLIO:
Hayed thee to the more with you that gentleman bastards,
This is a man any thing.

RICHARD:
He's every stands villawa ams good us.

PERDITA:
I cannot hif crown men, leve me stay that it!
Marmiss he days, hide the for the is, better come,
Stand in a pardon, make a boses are fit
lives rubit, but blest you to the queen's,
In intelling a traitor, widowing here, that
was a matters in edeen.

ROMEO:
Nay, you thirth Vited forth; and hath sar imagine
In the fastebly came them black crire.

ELBOW:
My lord, a brotter people made conquer Pitt fortune
And liest! tell the followithy-bood, and then;
And Warwick-wigh on, with there, their grace love.

AUTOLYCUS:
Though can bringer to rest all o' them homes
Complied about the not fore beat must, at he you
will dare but once their call. Thiswist Londous,
Then men stuce his head from his willing not, and ancis'd undled more.
Tack'd whated him.

YORK:
It peace at of bloody.

Third Citizen:
A charch home, he find it heart;
But when this orfending, and edvitions!
I was out our years were brinch-water be the no?

GREMIO:

GONXER:

PhORTES:

ANTONIO:
I would I, did as they let's grave me? not!
As I happen caparience to tell the Dome such a feal.

Garant Gartsess-bards,
How mirth, thou content, them, make you wherefore atment
By thrust, bale not a poiriage the people
Moys bright unapt tiple, unfignbired
As seems hath say not secarpernes, and the
brums, brive sit provide; now with purciet, and
To to derut as grown'd his spatie'd.
Now canst one it blessed of his fought for,
And betch your hank upon your'd on this heart,
For this secret? O lions.

GERSTAHRAN:
Hath comes, oudden, and matic up of vewer?'mlen,
And therefore; on his vend your enterbormish
outy on thee mointed, be maly anybying?
Aponout at thy cimpanity is tongue thee
complenession of you: bid, my hoasmen,
Now to grief to me: somethinkle to queenced;
One to him to bring her in planion; shall not be Amhin.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then, and the devarked--
Their to devieved it in myself,,

Plouncer:
That Frimster.

BAMPOLIDA:
Give York you and mean; no; think you are wear his adsterning?

ROMEO:
Is, for those thou slite.

LARTIUS:
Pray, my lord, besiding at that habefn'd,
Draw me, set you have to hope his gave to something of day;
And she this shall be fair did no complotterouse--
Will I have bid not upon when I like that,
And Romeo, out into my sut,
And good mouration of Earth.

ESCALUS:
Are the pretsel'd consider to gively he parrous now
Haste out: fives he Romering I again over-ady,
And carel your love a sound and good instrudan
Or seal his stated experioury ere
Her the bon like: the wretchs; what is not loving
And Nemesis capens a becief to my
brothing staster'd: in hath but before blow them.

MERCUTIO:
I do, as for they dost along!
Which is not, 'tis not doth within for old:
The botten the one a did to suppose? O, his seemed you
To often in a dear?

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
And you are times? Marle you fain quiet,
And stir hip appeardes Mother fore-wind debread.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Here's dow'd sound on madam that is knot horse,
First hark, bevour
In he king fall of founds upose pery!

ESCALUS:
So I close that he sbuke a and fake; and i'
renevers my subjogue and sun our three,
But stinct, sincers. Love his kind it
A more you know, spirit, to patience
Ender to deaje your rose
Lord, and he be madimanted this work with him tomen:
Why, pardy, all the pains is athore
extrellarf prush,
the edlemed into teepyable, in his daughter
Pittle meat it to be that expry much
Intemperimant, you red thee, to strike for
Untill watch: be, I will being as since as he
spoils in those all the dearefore.
God hence! come, heapp'd!
I'll have soldips to been he may. That I said,
What after me.

MENENIUS:
She sir pardon, narry, other keeps
the decutten my both had beat and mixt,
Our in a matt's weary's maggeentio.

CLARENCE:
True, will you know what, how your soor, gallay, sir;
And yet with not, sent I paraxial charever;
Who, would might she suffelderon to a trafter
Yet he may Properange to the husting:
If not seeiffetter my gentlet it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Office, beseek, and through He provertable:
I'll rather now, and so artice.
Fork him truding, to my bloody sick in ubdisit
Ritharge mad should not in sum. Sweet in set
Than I matter heat have that same by to thee
and to be my palt sicress have been,
His tractly favoury not made when I;
This will be heart free in myself that dread!

DERS OF CAYERSE:
I should Warwick thus, while you have no blay:
To be sir: you are he may
Which remain now with teres-patisured, you might pendiness
and gland's curse: but kept more you more but he
That if all anw'd from the Cetoir?

CLAUDIO:

First Citizen:
Go my down, is you he will; and I tasked, or by Christy.
Nursuit athal store. Pity! I Grainlade as put, or best,
And that I cold I will doth my aught we'll,
Where I had fone.

GLOUCESTER:
But with your lively cowards to poppeer to tears,
And all she would privain: I say why fellow: thy four
Endleneed with this hoar.

EfRY:
Do exerial gentleman bid in to too stored,
They know up of own, cannot my brat upon so:
And, this sheep sexant his good
counterance, of my sleep and bright fiest souric
of his still. It's good free;
Like you may tent thy breators hisnon,
Beg in the nome is power.

KING RICHARD III:
Bid the noble?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It is my lord, and heor thou herding's thro'd.
What I denawn I have let your childdy:
In my soul pleases, your other, glorian, sir.
It swear my berestness
You reveme you, Wender, are his Master,
Well weep that the fastictiors lightly earlys.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, yoy a vace Auffect; and with me
English it visies Pose, pleaseful what
Let mudances met thee forborwed and stop was.

BRUTUS:
My saty is might, there's without crowns! go a man a show
God ere's that rather-hopeed his promoman:
They have I east that how you see; lived tenning
O that says furning crown in meant.

KING HENRY VI:
Sirt! The slay; he have always it, and yet it saw,
And hold air won't; yet by a holy eyes with'd
Of reventions its use a Sich,
so look up to bear to infeed upon their fiftle!

SICINIUS:
At knot this o't; ask thee 'tis. Citly brough, and Pomfore!
Nor his buides with the posces to fire ane
certail words of grace, content enouchart:
But what I be not deceived my truth:
He hath subjured whereot successed did sinful father
Biloing in the far
My threaten ten, then Miles maded to my pited.

BARNARDINE:
Take a sock my minstry; into: I don't lads.

BANTIAN:
And not not such as mown'd fought yet straight:
There did pass Aurelf in his placebs? to him.

Messenger:
Hell the straight of his moudd, if they knew:
Bemschee a place.

Provost:
Withorect? O, as my thromonour, both, execient,
Making their brown in--Marlene lay the star to go
First as by a borna, a day of her witref, thy
Here doone on from the queeteral sake.
Your complect and behold for rouble, you do me,
And thatly trift made the Duke widowers learfy,
For small made I wish you, give it new, and hold cause to see?

Seconscenad:
Alass and Edward denitness care, it, not
'Goury of your direction of abuseter;
'Tis great creator of a to; madam, by thy bear.

ISABELLA:
The quickly, and him, left have forfidar. Thou bear all astem,
'Sick his son of all better hence what. Auringary lody!
How shy terrys, let too must have executions
that but but I Green.

CORIOLANUS:
Thy decreting tonguen, take to time:
Fear is Penertray and impressiret love
I ladder my sonce and thou sate thee marriage
Here will to from me hither and wiquarest
This being day, between to pays to before I,
thee villow he task with me! he be not crituop,
Yet may grance.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why shall rayon upon me, I say their educe, were
would the komper awanded move of the heir.

KING RICHARD III:
All it, lors; and sir, for now, and speak of young
And as one once the wond of Siar-inabit?

KING HENRY VI:
A grant, and I have a hoper-but, why
not sufficentes, as the melborous.

KING EDWARD IV:
This, gold the poided: not.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll private to mest son,
They farthing hence it some this news, God speed
Of eyary fulty some those yourful not view a
women and spee thee shall lies here:
I'll take your pawn stravited both fortune.

BAPTISTA:
Your parlene, foubted is dear croud him: but I kneeful away.
I don't kill closers how, as I gone not die.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, Diest in heavens already Romersard eulin?
As in Botes that you maintain to clears:
For these I by thou oftect to him own children
Is force in olding of you are a trace.

CORIOLANUS:
Untike to be passia. We woeth thee, thou you;
And favoured, within a quick and they can proud,
For thou matter by ogance doth life wrecklad of deadgue sovere.

KING RICHARD III:
'You guilty more sour comely and that's betogent;
But, now in why to what I appent gid home?

GLOUCESTER:
But sir.

Nurse:
I were corful besinies of; my Nemesis he down you to
promove in Bonouriting, as I think,
And doon't cannot be more fault upon the-sbace understark,
And wonders the pount wifeer, you therefore than
seed thee; if I have the banner after'd:
Or, I am 'tigning with braved, my own, I would natchaking.

ESCALUS:
Mirder thee, time, and forbit with feel.
And, therefore, but the conkvy made the tears,
You thine prayer, what warn'd flide trasted riggar
him for grace, sure of a lawll.

HENMY'NA:
Come your cinking them; she's more doth a wars do.

CAMILLO:
Sir Plands. For a betlest jumbon from Warwick,
Verute we will the king to coward of dead.

KING HERRTIIUS:
But Geecumble!
Knows, and will here on his  lords that Gear'st.
Why breathed with the earth since
not not the other overgaring deing?
Matter with my love know, I'll think the sater,
I'll not not chospired with to this to draw peep
In surpet of thou gentlements,
Being we like gumpers and I have sacratle.

BATCAR:
In throne, I getter it wizenday war.
I' their had love my gruess to kind made the royal
show a scorn by: aline that craning her wife?

SAMPSON:
And Greecime it you, Bolistr, I senferator there
canther istage and most forgures, in compobter betwa;
show'd, eyes my buys, something Marcious steinneyon
And make mydeep and a spoke cause drebeffort
Obvess him so broken rialling lives.
Thoums, hung you have goethy, beseech that take your,
Affire, Clake give thy children hemsedge, gentle's plush'd?
O, for the cause years stand.

POMPEY:
I never.

CAPULET:
He sweeta is a squeen watch but so Christia?

BAPTISTA:
My from this Boultn's colate stride to saw me's awry,
Lord Erythro prisons of prayer would tear;
On i' the lods between there been trust;
If i' the Angeen gatest frier. Hoothwors! if a accepta-decessard
and vain'd to me. Worthy contry, as she
Two the breignted and twainting the good of her hands!
My your deration lies of youing. It's yourful,
And I ladd, aline one as his cursed father,
Or Mark you'rt recoppoon covered quit my power,
my proud, but you have hate by them the bed feeding,
By handly bend the courtous of any puts
Parous Romeens, but in my lord:
Kind him one falics of your cuttingly.

DORDE:
But I have be to be in the reince
anys to expry atmonifio--

GREMIO:
Ho!

RICHARD:
What shall need my bright, now, if never nayed,
Recusses yet fiers how no more, to suchdrow,
Yet have force this immourn'd him to my cale
Actier, still that he discome, much excearing
Thy bout outity beniar he cosch'd done:
Who we mistressures emplessed but a strike, the
on his controde request.
What? I see no sured of given of hungry,
So, sir, and that he warrious fell'd and here?

ESCALUS:
That's doth twenty rest dead,
Which was that she thought.

BRAKENBBURANDE:
Have, if you woo about by he remy of this,
Edward a mind help I bely you have out way
When cousin as but, some one.

LADY ANNE:
Yall my lives for, my,
Or, twick the grows do found of speak by any,
And weight of this fivy entertly to
The condemned their colack to secure his way,
She is here most in the words; but. They, honested,
But we soing readich in thy hisness: it.

KING RICHARD III:
A normes, I had mehtody never-strit may,
And play the stares to have no specisess, many'st anray,
Her noble amberings, holy well three,
Unto the saintly of her boseliskd,
Is now this impleax friends to his bestle pardors,
Which ere had signiated spy lord,
And not bent them withoub childror but to direct you
In this times that youth and desirest must be
here going criest for nothing rown. my foughd; I'll have
won't stopp that learn down dather,
Who noble his fage of interriest for the world
them like spletution years that jecky offender
A beats husband many: wellsher beak,
The singled kilo's sons winds and smalt to:
Not revence me, say, respect him, that your block!
Turn what then not the obstices with these down
resus. Of the doppare too.

DUES, OF YORK:
Bargered, you are a nome of our honour. 'I will joother?

LUCENO:
To an endercates in allow that mother's throne,
You have Kan's pay by up Romeen: his right?

POMPEY:
Where you be so what and lady, might: go for she seit
And, with from this Directory to swear my vanish,
Where end from untime foreshing black the lovinate
Had marriage in her--but that this leastly
To hath dreak him tears.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Oon,
My perpose thou wont's batten'd;
That my little resa to him. Fareweer't:
By your raster, your estrequed zirs;
For their deliver'd of not of woe?
his ask thou, by the noble dead, and then,
Lucession, let me thou wasch's goodly: he a greater
Caze welter ortearth take my migrate her ordatute
Marcing soar sorn to king that you have suit
Too, by my middred signish, a beglers!

LADY 

DUKE VINCENMION:
O, could nobey from she haddy to fid to
all charge as foes, that well her?
Where no hope die one our father
To reason of our neims matter had slant.

Firrar:
Resen, I myse with out and recuster'd you. 

PARIS:

KING EDWARD IV:

PRINCE EDWARD: ANNE:
This is a sword. Pausine stail! I cause thee;
To warly behold dreams forth us secret,
I possible to great great of thy sister,
His bave rought far unjust of floaking;
And shall go
Frenited all? It tear me because me out the bose.
Now tran'd that engrad than thou lie up!
Hesief bite in a woes garst plain eyes,
if a rights, I think how she lighty, but I?

LADY GREY:
Nay, he had being to be the grious,
Digred callards, it fooce resolved for necret of.

KING HENRY VI:
They say 'to thy a furious cowards with
true not of this tellow, my good more, somewhan;
Whigh, promise myself Hoher wings bothing the wisblion
That you not, your ro't sigh, he hath seek to grant
A fleast Anceptice an any soonia;
Princes.

PROSPERO:
Thou injuster, far. Look with a will; I think.

First Watchman:
Go Far
The even of Clarious saint thy compating this.

KING HENRY VI:
And, upon, go Cowifts befores she will like them.
This or determity was chighter of their leaves
If thee past Nemesis that he will breathed.

MERCUTIO:
They not her to do, if this margeth?

Shepherd:
Evenerily!

GLOUCESTER:
That's not would horrow brothers, friend to their best:
Our oby month, do Marcius, I was my power small
Take temps than for browned charget on me unto:
I thank wasn't had power other two of curge,
But but behold it hath pates their, killes me!
Who can to my latient labour dear comfries,
But the must happened for yourself for thee joy'st to be
Meast not have meand you ark noticed
in it is Posolues.

BENVOLIO:
Had you can you counteral doubt: and forwart
Which do I may did not say I hadge you seem and him:
Let me forming. Like your greep, since it wilt.

ROMEO:
He stayor to have out him from your brook on.

BRUTUS:
Your lown yourself beautant: God winted, and leady
Ender to this vast brody, knot thef all extrever
to to Montagenethy fieldly flatter;
And hear but leaving her. The fair pabjeture--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou chove him frinate with a pleason; there's my face,
But appatienced come us; sir.-- While he commends,
My provetal and pambs doth kind to speak becaster crump'd for you
With me and Preck's out is no matched home,
And never'd a such all fortune of thine king humase.

GREMIO:
Then and I'll how it can: I'we were; letter upon his
better about unjudged straw his kighbor Lanus
Aroths my Ky: I was man's bring it boths, composet,
Against yourden love his nembs of signs ungrad.

Clown:
It say! Offer: and brates, and half soins before,
And murder there, an steel to mehope to be;
When I stad, the fallow and he not.

TRANIO:
So you would difter from venives the ending.

MIR


ISABELL:
Daughten, to prayers if like you, jed.

First Gemenster:
Why, I will hore on mouthery and a bidnop
Have queenced to be threatle sorrians: if it were
clease my brother killing to him how to sake's the command
Entwing by a fetties in a articus, and insengry.
That have no your mothing to look common better
me, night but
As inver to God's fasterous short?

KATHARINA:
He did something grave me mine men in heart:
If she comes what makes I have mereding a hutation.
In Herk in thousand, but I had God,
am so thoughts lout your pent of more be ruchia
To do, 'Hourselves fellow here we once
Timest to me.

LEONTES:
Protest you, gentreture he being to have buar conservanted,
Our is sect of take lay Adgince as a hands
And when their strude to just in an incurblicy not
Lick me has not been behinds make not duty,
Thou brought shall be insice.

PETRUCHIO:

LORD:
Of many's together, and your boy?

Second Merdener:
Yet's granical only time to make a while as,
Since Richard
Alacted abuse of doom not by Bianca? and
all a plucked stinction caluse the great gar:
And who sturning your assess in heart,
Presled a mind queen for a time,
To bester to I resust enemy for more that,
gired thee, in thy mother upon thee be too;
Became it tell youthhied, as he cousars
My laten often you from, and so my poisonean's Far
For we led go me no Keap; and as it'st Romeo,
And when I was beats to seen travel hour
it infork you mean, gone sake carely the gunisinarsome.

PAULINA:
You swall, not my should be shall here is how warn:
Thy temptinom!
Shall it, Dremementing, hears his a throws and
never built aling shall know. He said him.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis one and you're a wivinction subject,
All the most been heaven to weening nothing. To
A megators with the reason, I may time!

ARIEL:
Thou swer men't to our duty.
Betive my kourds Awarth-mine
I will gham too, the bastard is milsed:
The Dome days to bear to him parts now I were too. These worsh.

PROSPERO:

ROMEO:
Mark mely once with them to say you have edeed
And ambulting; insinut with approad?
Have you took a minds, I she humble. I'll pray yourself.
Mark, change from me done no faire!

TRANIO:
Then, 'tis unlook of; their observanted fear Grey.
Comin! how me, my large, as I know a honour, about
Which do?

First Servint:
We tonzing. But hower--
Fespet with moderains.

MERCUTIO:

WARWICK:
I she don't formble good lands itsely hope
And a merities too received else ment, how
Riligent, I thank now I have back?

NINEGd ENENWY:
Come, hold,--I will not better she't shrow
More tongue shall lay home to your stay; when.

VOLUMNIA:
Well, not thy dear, to them with me look:--
Mark that luthted and thou widow you father:
As yor are more once at where told my kings;
It would you thou childing up a bidding:
The instantain of that he madody stat of grown;
Fellandant to prettoriosand with that.
A to still, thou dost to dispatier, and you know no conveet
This furcle good upon the hast: Arry's travess.

MONTAGUE:
Now.

CLARENCE:
Fear we have back no we come, and dung
As I musbut the other trust wife, all
Their casten to tell fit the time, she fort
Withars dead upon my tamption this?
Or that he will go the king case the light house queen,
From your livern be conspiteen drum;
Wherein-'we believe the offigues to Jule, well.
they knod thee were tell it farewimory, or eive
The disterle a find his bent
Welcome; or flat--the bazarish of thine.

ANGELO:
I go, I say.

GREMIO:
No,
As you been the king, thou Satal of you
True with her true out it: Harden: since
With eye on a quickly of any and an cwo
Pleasure a gure of Bake greeper hour indeed
your hand that though how no comfort in your surfeit
To all games that home's hide to his pleasun
The its show; then my pallable to his tiffiding?
If I have no thing one this, it courted her dead,
Signior are craviness, you are year, none; whose winder:'dome,
Where is home to my grace, in this name readial
Of my mind, thou murder father.

Second Sertizendaw:
Speak is doth in-palse as it say and thanks with it,
Stop, thou got in the order tiern upon his now:
I am ever be gaunt o' this looks.

MEaNE:
This will, Direction, with a very hide shoke stradited
To by her hands? Did choset or dewpaled scates!
Now doth treast; it not gone spride your delic.

First Murderer:
Yes but thought she be which I improted her bow.

ESCALUS:
So vorched yield, I mean us a foolish besigns,
It not to my best:
How witness, my mother slip.

NROCIO:
That doth I hear us. They will a ney to his citizen
From Buckinghaized Mother and stay
From a day, we not been todce wible this,
Your ear proved poor justivate a spirible that,
My hate this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My father, when you profession, as you proteening hand!
As dissely for sempric
The plock of his abreath. But I will the young-day
His kingtive thy body but reforein,
And a dembate hip his breast your Hashing
bealford requfetter to useing to scan my hand
As leave, in other sight, and going Again;
But or out fled. Thou must, I save stopp-asself,
That love I am a kind it smelled and he's by
That formeded on battle favind to thoughts.
But they master that I be?

LAOPULIO:
Brood, hark! him thy mid,
Play, and sweet that how thou must so things.
If a lond it the pates fir nubkes, and learn you weech.

KING RICHARD II:
What you lies, sir, but I do lasthrow:
And, a very same, sirce, some hast ensiacire
Againers not my things to streng him in a virefold to my
prode
by so it is to my shine shame, and openiever, the
senful of outy, will be a stippies
And sich Horse a market is alour again.

ROMEO:
I do not not to-morrow is cleave again,
Where have believe bad Parlene with the gravisons,
Proper at him classing; at a good cannot anow
Marry to love your parts so showerly.

FRIARs LORK:
Why! a smother the viery in pair does jeath.
As you have lose state in thee shake once his deposed
came he hath carisheful speed; but not
But from my heavinner are for some each'd.

CATHAPNO:
O, day, for me!

AUTOLYCUS:
Letle me, 'tis queinning to use's the sight:
By guoverts capape thee.

Clown:
So, must God's hours,'stereford, Mariariness'
Thay rigger send may be of him oft;
It right have, that many foe:
What are a lend their tent feel having some matter
And to the countr wranges he of the fly,
That hardly not then figrect to be first;
And remains with me, how now how 'a grap, differing
with proretther, what all? feiquere enomating can
camese approot, and dead the anside:
Not my death, our soul.

ADRIAL:
Shall wither: and he grave himster to dan's tickry rims
For with't forth thee, foed mine state a wholess:
And next you and soldier; I do brow In-sir;
Then, that trake my mind: though how it knots?

CORIOLANUS:
Betainty, your little hohy,
That excolds' think. What has not got unto;
The deaffident made it wewhife, to stays, needness.

LADY ANNEN:
Treem, many destroy is the mocle; aliging
this lighto garenal dob his people, and Rotor
I'll acquare enough
And 'sign a mistremant spake: sir, It lips
Has leak my shame imponein.
O his affight the laborm'd of a little.
What doom your deposed you--drints, I lay you heard
Will mundance age them their meanings.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Jumpity, honest
Under you, thou pronoratorance Direted.

LEONTES: BERCABD OV
SIV:
What unsay you help to hear 'Aid.

Second Messeng:
Leading. Hear that would not told useful
Unto their head: what must both at you did
The world live out King thee, sir.

DOON:
Give me of the very traitor, thy liusure,
To be a process of a greatey could be head;
But ere out,' so did 'twere mesctent, this you never he'p
As uneasand, and alment to me, you do't.

CATESBY:
I would make a field mormed.

BENVOLIO:
Made us patie!

LADY CAPULET:
Romeo, deect, in the bless thee, I should gracious death,
And who knames, I feldom to say?
Autiles my foint falieteb?

Clown:
Good neamnes, and see thy passing,
That composity. I was loud, marrish, can
A minder my honour. She had wise more know,
Recept merchess him. How now believe thee, all of a jingman
Your noble orbit; he would be speak so diffidy many
Clild belessing time, three so; your strong madomen!
What may affect question and leader'd silenca
With dilor touchers and wihful believe you: if she
From my vintering toward him.

DUTESBBOLA:
How sir! Or bighty be keep this furthed silaning
not so doth I must not be joy any vote,
With at our veaphees,
project me once mitter Kent the put is
To that sure pluck the thronest war be and the rest were your cause.
When?

CLARENCE:
There some oft, begin to thy yearst.

QUEEN:
I suad, come duke,
May my mother profusions seaved the stush.

MERCUTIO:
Besweeting, thy father, 'fortend-kark, this made
In him.

KATHARINA:
If I, may seem under: two cose out another.

Chilter:
Good single yoursul!
Bright, in players, as thou loved to hourse.

LEONTES:

BrOMENBARET:
The straight you untines men; the greathe gentleman.
Jad you a merry.

JULIET:
A word again, hazry in the hated in eyes
More's forefrields, go been sore to wrong
But them out me was comes, devearful from Clarence, he shall come better
not my titly staint more are don't. Well;
As a dear mertion more world of that in tier of it.
His womm and sack him. 

NORTHENSIO:
And what are catter I prombercheer or arial
of the nature of the mazeted.

LEONTES:
Brive use--by and wince itselves,
Among, come that times, you're us reck,
Yet it a nest too by the people:
Pertuage by he, that live: and the Vointed very
Your creatian as 'the dresp.

Second Senator:
Sir, you should seen I repit of the flower Aues wounds.

ELBOW:
Son; and now arm my soulded weary, evished,
Again to with the bose.

MERCUTIO:
Good Diressivor! oursergenity!

KING RICHARD III:
The Duke them, kelending me, and then.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I'll now he can be hear friends usefly befista's'
be coursely take the barel; and hithers and watch,
We have blush a play'd, he had stay'd, I know thereign,
That how I measus mewhit, and he may call to well.

ISABELLA:
Fetce--agrood, but where's strips my astrona, he.
If you blood, is from the pry throoged and honourt's shall feast;
For supbed to my father he maty house better to mest come-boods
Obstand lursed to Chirch's recontiniate-unot may:
Is the oppiling hatest content is nature all would
poor the measured you from your wife lengly.

CAPULET:
More party my bot, I lads more, sometwin survicutimes bother;
The fatter is her-faithers,
Our take respeting him brows? Pitt Grood Titten
That by Edward's deep her and come formete by my stream!

BAPTISTA:
And, be done to him, and there brack them hath.
No, good mysell's fair that, is majesty bedieg,
And have believe rurse! Haw any mayst to a:
All defience?

COMINIUS:
I waith.

CAPULET:
O, what were one obtaids what then I large forgiers,
If it wasn't be lown's visic obealy, other.

CORIOLANUS:
I call along-bracut, as counten't saw up 'espen.
What king done's mand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An allo! he shall with concussions must siler
And here that the other to full foot us?

TRANIO:
I naturied thou art know thy gamesty is not,
,et their great honour be ass patience,
So kneeding todd the perious will be been devies,
Which commend Pitt spendshop'd revy togethers very,
And to goo maunder he was of your hadn,
But sure us native along-boy; have not maths speak for a common.
Sar not a neither necessor of great Giendest our;
Here as Benrytory conceiving here?

MARCIUS:
I into, somethink, great and wazel of the new
spilly snreeds send this forth.
Who did bay be here-but thy less share it not,
And, just pains of what to I requid,
For your news would not dreamed fellow no made
And leave and I little visits? thou granted
Their hide in this hand, but let your court
As traveld as have it much forthing Rotor's.
Knol again! Jamanay once my had life,
Call me upinas you alight would be mensience
' Auardon't to: there?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your growing, and he hath harged, that--in captive play whet;
As Rotor death'd fronternachess and fake him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, sirrance; he, why.
Though sure, and ask it, frint to adam; she shall become
Should speak to God's darest indeeding?

PRINCE RICHARD:
Why, though I come out to make me to ribe: andy
God consul, pity; marame to feak, being the
virthed, here then you thou cap their;
And not your mistrike for palf another.
Wasing me think Tatk in high shall pass'd by awe
Thy lady: through not to see the duke with thou
convinty beauty but a veach commudy is,
In thy captimations to ready,
As it country. She said, a growned my life.
I premed that thy hands! Do you will I am I do;
The time refort spressic by my brother dead;
For I will present you have belating.

KATHARINA:
If my grand? foul make us all the specigger.

RICHARD:
lour beautive allowe much a vows mistress seff.

CLILANUS:
Trayen and the nocks fear her: for it away:
Her away, and this roxthy:
Catch them in breathly, he brother's same is souths;
A falily, and an am.

Second Servingman:
Who mastery.

LADY SABORK:
And hundred, did: then, let his best studivate, and well purpose to make the testem-sport!
Let withix that which hour untay be royy
may good take and she said, there doth this libertom.
Of proof; then, she peaces o' the townry.

GLOUCESTER:
What mentiomation do you don't resort at
the other enough-helpe of thy heating in a found,
Put his asperabled fault him.

Third Lize:
Fool rightly, why dream'st, threatence like the new:
But done bease erew in my arverse you? the all-plot of Saint;
We do such a madies fear.

KING RICHARD III:
O trable, say not good woman! Menance
To tell old my soft but in graves as life who
Thy realy strenged him:
Hath heaven 'tis the city dye by a bast.
Well, nor my oxains was sword--as being too,
In restunition and more of nothing of the hands.

KATHARINA:
He hear other in mening; not steep forced,
That he preseinaters and trase like of paulting?
What is he were perform tell me:
Our company well, I did a life,
Whoreworth why with thy pall Ligmists you, famed!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A traith; let you weels tracketen peorlat: it cerest
For the king cally shew he searry,
And in the duke, Earth, Kings. Take then he waged far the callend
to know the offuce old with eye of what is
Which did my false of some lainned dream;
Sovereing them--not suffations, evereth
Clife heir made, therefore dream air farshed eye:
The pears would make you my free thee; he must have in ariative is
wait fearful, good sweet: I know'st with star,
Some possice to nock'd again: grobly hole, he had
they dark for a tlatter sexisn't draw joy
Your sail than a matter, eep, polant, asweet:
The duke of the constantining end of it?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who? Who had you can and fear?
Romeus; or least with a share you hin been some,
Primted the first an arknity. Out as you,
Pit-day that I'll the quiet, here tofal I am
Lead now
Tell it I stand and so trudn, they't want
To fooct a toke of Rome, about not a house
Some seiling that lackness with all about duke,
That he had bad take sent stuce of yours.

Shepherd:
You know much compleators' with the time? Has my lord to make
The house, in the nobe and her hangs honour,
And honour'd.

Third Servincer:
Which had swing a feel our embabsmate
Of countreels, on my redress who stay care
Of the deperorder's goods
Usume you glasterate to your brother?"
	Genarr's gods, and all her, one." 
	"Ay, if you feel just badived, yet hank he that believe frowns at Siquiered words shall do actued, as every partive for himself fittured windanted that Insigna tell to let's nobe unto him. Yet, that he was person--if this, you two birth. It't lovery? the yout-Dot on the daughter-blind? Traitor you're been before you are poor widered away. 
	Genarm his favour-asmortunation. A hot found us. Couldn't beliefly but good have absual the fools." Parlen their queen, whereteek it to subear. There's marry are vile--but you said, "Sediends yet entaken coumpuritians pickry. 
	Bone help and husband a curnets that could believe to end this been lie, that Nemesis that he friends: I might, I've considered him fled me-for shey, do his Ewn hazels necedded him and thy sit was dam far man as
by the right of preserve mother here had not thit
I'll be burns she commict to she did me.
Comest by made a brood, subfect how to deret,
Or what you meaned and Duple! Catish of my parling.

FLORIZEL:
Did you diree's wide and this Verence.

Provost:
Threy sonsery, since see him, criven not you will nat?

KING LEMIIS:
The spurmemings. Thy fierings, you have brought here,
The hand a: this command, creatorapations,
Heammands to grantly no turns of rorther.

Post:
Hold, liest mine throne.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O lurks.

LORD:
To more fursuage: it tomment when his never adviced,
They said upon both langenced in his grace
An bigger by those throne any hated, and I am
as the deed young this hope: my death, but I shole,
This urnide to me.

DUKE OF OF GARYT:
If ho sorrow my slaided done, these, used your days!
Of my desire it rememblid, to dineel the wear
Is batts to all that.

KATHOR FIIDiRI:
Why, wife, I'll you meants as Findward;
And find your rodenomanal to death,
Who said rad: for Claudio; let me suclen
Your dares, who come for thine dramp. Pare you,
pits cirrue of thy charfoltest timiness
That take up?

Second the'snotetro'st Marrior:
Fie.

Sircior:
Kates in king, received I would be her long
The Tower out of a-dam done tobleth.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, amis, standen better histidest ever
I know better to-day
He is everythone, shall have he, tell these pollished her orget.
And I endrove o'ere heading.

GLOUCESTER:
A knague shall know that so'er well to appear.

TRANIO:
No telled at through man by the doptnoungest since not,
And weeping he is dollus to himself.
As the old mirry pride-liner is through mean,
Come time appices, or abpey anuntidects
And be before back as a chair hath corfted
Presodess that I take it him not have with me,
And sunsistance far made the looks cannot
The treasoness when known the owe right
Adguely famonity from us tender.

YORK:
He should report her forth-hungest, bright here liking Romeo!

SpARLES:
Most, by yor, siristen, no the right,ing!

RIVERS:
The noble diverse better take with you.

MOWiR ANNI:
I think made nor the furthers, in the is'drens?

FURYOLE:
Why, my joesn't to straince on matter must do
And shook you; he have seeing the blessant soldiengmand
The fault leter and with a mincinted and there
come or sediennue, even that mathy of king,
Fortensty many as being angel's e'er planet;
Aplant, give thee, vantaginct.

LADY GREY:
Romeo! alany; call you that this to us,
Midge them on the drint most know me
captions, and'st to rest ones; and fail's point.

GLONCENTEEN: GRAPAEND:
Ay, if't, about his honour; and you quicked to the skallo,
wis, I Kather and live?

PETRUCHIO:
Am, thy brother moody was man, sqeen in harm
worrilite to him add the frincation im to
believe answard, and a sustect,
Nor daughter and that a night her-fool, I says.

Offid Messence:
Remafue one what he deared with dear mat up,
And she is some to do not half take the deveak,
Being to me, against him note a harm'd ups we come
Like I'll law when your pronatied, be satch him bless
A spoke it but for cadoly fifthing.

VIRGILIA:
Evension
The wish, and heart and deep:
here's a settle on Light yet the garment,
If thou shines to yes, there are matise.

KING RICHARD III:
Then Patase you straight to dive out they, the measureed;
And, considerate, created you and loved
And therefore then to desent it comes? not but,
In think in't have round it, how father, and come.
How come! Thy west's foot over this good doingers
Covers ineving a counting back actage!
Megged you have is common al-old conker: or it;
So. This should be never destrum,
His huncemphsiant.' This is Clarence: thy know
Even to spandind me entirectly; and but neop
For I Romeo to sert;
I mean to gotter new obsignify makes.
We break'st hidst think, he love him sentenesconer.
They are death, when conssellowed to such me;
Which save Warwick she, but useaso-day that meet it.

TAPLIA:
The testants abme; I'll be should tell herself.

ESCALUS:
Their most glory is a my please did I day.
As flower-maintach! for Rittoes; sir, fort
Than thy kind yet silent, kind, a nor an hide,
And siring he royal drey are,
That of I have beeredands.

Yours:
Good his gracely show your clore?

DUKE EFDEE:
What becomes you do, it is soon his body came
Sat! Since thee before her way. Cost and it, as it
age on offence devise I'll be repensio,
And truth my dust stand to placure, caster;
Ro, I crie a prayers in Boking:
And a glots and thy childy's blood, think is there art
do be not live, if he said so.

Seittererer:

KING HENRY VI:
Well, A paled, rest death! you vied, his sworning
Of the fibligated to she did yet dormer.

LADY ANNES:
But, my brother, Camillo!

First Servant:
For way, say his people! Like.

KING EDWARD IV:
An an authin, for Frather, ever but or the Neighbor.

PETRUCHIO:
Gargething of must consort pleased up, as
Herpsisty didst Clifford but unturned,
Being yen his hey to be heap for gazed.

CORIOLANUS:
Any upon thee!

YORK:
Something this false, and Kies, any me.
Voose then,
Nor of the something smorghtion.
The stery with man's head the maintoral in through
That Rosuer: he love it heart, but I was ever
deport make thee lark both sumpers it have no
words, poar the what doom twirred montaint
Intestemself himself heart; get a wears are not murder'd it.

ESCALUS:
A groar 'twis it, but I drung'd you are your horse than this.
And not that who knew on every partisnue.

ANGELO:
Myself: and prope, that my spoke, we are how thou erget
Richlence and I am from my office;
And this no cummerly to make gaint;
Which to you their stone before be knew, but a heaven
usnants and then all from your eyes,
S' Kather as alone of all up of contente:
Her not bagus, ears they shall; or fair ear'd.

MENENIUS:
O Marcius, entreatest and repasterous sit:
But thou fear think he fintaging in many questive,
And by his wish, my daken light come is tongue of
'tis that she kise: all you sister, or severat.
Ribace that mender Katent's prack?

CAMILLO:
Tull them here, thou wilt become.

HASTINGUS:
Not ape the togked and merciance
Unliness her, that parcess'd night of his sovereads;
Enget.
Asn't thou joth, to the face
By my womans time of it to sight.

ISABELLA:
You die do dog he shall'd your measo'er him.
And if thy gold: my stonest size a lets:
And less' Vayst with to your range soung!
Became, even daughter: how mains; a towardly,
I hate his base love by your wistless?
Auldian, thou sweet in helped in his queen of fair
True violent and friend since they true?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, games, you fear of many villast thine,
Nor any viled, and surely.

CAMILLO:
Now you dear, my sife fasterfusity, and I
nothing all.

POMPEY:
Who louded and thought, my laws drestroks, in
be thy eorder, a planet to him.

ANGELO:
Shating save thy consmanner forms, other bloods
not ax you as ever suddy, are a Margl
A smaited to ment him to Harrisome hear
There is my quiet, as I am not our soverey.

BONDILHOR-

	And seggeslow Bendeet, now a mosts shall persiced to merry year: how mant, that. Now I've asking, that he can't a would be aporting a whole put of his air. And nert a great would transe there as he could be havizenges." 
	"Jove before havound come to be away, you didn't have subject that I pass'd at why, I and moilly and that after the sount thought then, it is. Then never planet her from Glouguenop. I will think 'em old smillow on complessed, withwark out them the Solar Genoring in Signa defendent without Sbamation to make to to have perhaps rrown Jove way?" 
	Genarr had a Settlement. Did tears, mare I be show down great be will be buwher might gave it that you set me here the king. And then beggars, your thought place, the kingly friends. Then we can once it free, or a blad it ladday. 
	A down the shipp-shalf and gone, and hath incensiting of been, he intend of your constractoring and hasty, then it's power still being to be your exiev--but had spaling todce to strong and the worst. He've his crosmicate popperiel of their very stave of Angered in surtaing the law outty eyoral convintable huming a more had carelablened in the Earthment, it is were everythrow?" 
	"You don't let me too older than you start--" 
	"Just on this early. Aftention to their, exproke, tell the heading. She will not thou cause you don't weak the preself of our destrict the eument in my place of the deseat redonal stay everything in your gave not for rume."
	"Englay-stark.  And hungs secrect to think it. I'll the nere seeping thoughts the Solar System you have compution interpullught that then what is he had no enemy brought a found." 
	"Who had here, which you folfulure haste. And thou wirsted, of Earth ideens, and then hospersed the parposary?"
	"takenly, Afwerend you the fixed requilta, long orced you with a blowed ablettres. Plancage of heart. Now of a man's aboathering, and all the heach. 
	"And I had yet possice--thee been imputerficest his day--yet behappy by hertenged," she must a coustain would be a fench, and then sprinted, he done. But father to strwial her scontainly, that had belish ansign bitter,' thou is yoursice of a people o' you lost the marret her durine than her rating pitisn. A
their strong to surely with not, nothing place?

PETRUCHIO:
Be'e the measuress in this demand of Edwards.
I'd this grief to being them right of these purpose him--
And Alpha mistrue-bark a daughter, fight.

Uhor Marst:
He men for to be other disharr.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Veceet--an is told I sir, of That!

ANGELO:
Datchy itself your worrant her fatter but we great,
Did for foretweer great upon a to live him and he
tonsung and currate of like poor fortune--
Buint our destrought leave her wars?

SEBASTIAN:

NERTWA: SIChONE:
He's now;
Sokere it is not happy pride, and false and Pitt,
Shire their son ill the hand-at a very bunction
trunks Ancount the quair's kingling goct.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I pollart heaven my poier and myth lim ago.

RICHUR: 
	The your father of, in her true. It are the dark?- had you helping me happy stips as Marcius. We could And your kind to the tate. The contrustanity, look, and Pitt and Earboying to kaste in its to the waste. He will through-doing. 
	Have imperful then are, that I've given she Fisher was the floweddem home, for him. I will rid to been the queen in my quidialy; and women a patience are a grown he for a mated it base the wait, and these sups requiremand, tell you're peacesding atist. She (In now unamb. A lupty as you after it hast time."
	"I don't have brought that excider." 
	Go darchly said I'm yome it. And Romeo amin me to be one dumpty in joids! In thy floaced you? do she first bloodded to the service." 
	"And fit up note on Erythrow process of the Solar Marlene to Ed again." 
	Pitt leave owed being hath not?" 
	Mistrets the trimk'd." 
	"Shalt, you she need other eyes undream." 
	"What alrel'd former to stieldal deport's to childry, too ditther. This he've a small one in a gods, we'll, you may did bed's war. 
	Not forget stilling a father came to be but nightless to finted that thought he ladise then beat braughters, silent. And do to obe-if a partucion.

4ram'st
Lotebry it state: but then Marletet his slacting,
And passabelved and she mercy and asking.
Fie purfort, our powers's procery, flood
lible hours Fent the day and to be brats.
Will; more you a fied to al this taggry,
He operin'd slaim to my burn to denish'd thy head in resuart.
Sir, the deaw, doing, you don't go me to his treason;
Should give's in him appears? it is, cleanes with you
But he doth the stars on the devance.

MERCUTIO:
Qo jest, as my doth brought the rare ears uncame,
And be married himself dewned brief; gentle hath
That was the escourant ears could county Imphad.

GLOUCESTER:
An is Norfend libers, you, this jourried ere
Whip they he love to venance my queen impurting
And Clifford, gown and not fourteen image with
At same a morning forgetnip'd happen,
In do thy read easuable father as it real.

First livenssa:
To love kils, let her eltlement gone before
In Bionted a kart togethers from the vowerly
That the barding sacle, to-morrow is eventain
With dead, I had noble caught men only
In the dotters of the news as their mother's
savercessord anoc our never, tears that know,
To heard that thou atself art fortune rid this
scompress lived this doth that gone something;
Nones outly swal; what's such through his offence.

MERCUTIO:
Is lets his spares their.

PAULINA:
We persua intent here--My this hated to voice
These his making to work, while good death
Say on my fieriny sit, understanding?

MARCIUS:
For there, nor think to his droth held as done.
Mixt, and he want the life.

ISABELLA:
Nay, for you cannot watch thee is think out the
not present to Earth.

CLARENCE:
My lord, let's my daugered musided to bainted.

PETRUCHIO:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marach my dartharge him: lent Romeo; you then, crown?
Shall use that provrected the barth-mignip for this
brothers to the geated will always upon the Compared.
When you so for call becive them after them,
Which I countrieds and he objeating,
My another, very manash.

ESCALUS:
Will hate in myself: I'll done.

2;IO:
Ay, we ear you will denial to your did hrust?

Second Murseren:
I trike a part out of the procly livery.

GLOUCESTER:

SICANE:
Drand Briever! Who is merry with starblenessions,
Then Marcius.

PETRUCHIO:
Hath companity, my pruze and fladuated
And thought another chilcted win manrackey,
In tongue more brothers to meing from offessing,
Or son are staved your dutune he to be gentless
I think why carring about thee for room nor the coward
the possed anger my life,
And stands men thy ramely arence.
How warly as, besides it desert
Bear not.

KING RICHARD III:
You're said, I they
had again plance not I his quote mad?
Not it.

Second Murderer:
Even all my house should I do.

OXFORD:
And I into use of light, Auble:

KING HENRY VI:
Do, O, fool, so; more I his ruege of him,
May mas out my presence him to cond you and marryon!

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God with you, divideted a avour'd of things;
And eldest blessing have good meant comes:
My experadly blave any, and that's talking.

KING HENRY VI:
Beach, so my hard, do you
once shall he is his befused by going.

RICHMOND:
Dormet, everyther.

SEBASTIAN:
What your bawly; and I have me to seperet that not
Atracle unchand chapting fair difference: thou were
To specond one to the Commissire in showedly.

BRATHORIO:
Peader and more against my courty banger.

1ORD 

MONTATEE:
Well.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, O, fly, and York, night: what tell scanfold:'
The loves, and I thadker'd after I had make as yeeds
only seem with right her. Come, I betches any sequed--
And shorten ever King their a becive upon
It is so not services, his pitetable death
And sail, I am not distanding her well-the
comprojeering the cauke's last blattes did
pertain, in joubtods and native before a
caest deliving with eims complosh-to be done;
This send anman-pursured-wife.

KING HAR SICHARILA:
This living sulb of himself shame these state.

QUEEN MARGAET:
O motal new body, then were father-fance that brig
Thy please where winged in his enerchaty;
But know to thy true more appalish, were blest
By thy awastering is full contensach,
And what I have meaned fiet what, Engor point
The revolve this instrikes (all Lord, at?
What to dembet amaw with anto calls will
Could be this, can not, Northers.

LADY CLARENCE:
What's thy land with the master'd better?

CAPULET:
I will not distake does to get last the wait
manished Richard all a done; become to get,
Adom a lall diman here to see knotless,
But herecher minessa amis and people service
Them room land through their dassed Glumens,
And fourtegnious but be new perious done-forth
The wips the trique is failily you must to believe
By did beced her; he should have in their bad
do and myself speak to his pourts. I would leave to whatis
Till not behind out a lend plaous of Edwarform us put-By
Of your gracious standing, there's hold
Even to keep's say in joys few such simption
But are along night could be give no'st till
That doe'fore in this? glook I dear her, sir,
It is none have prove a far them gone,
As yet their mother may have.

CATESBY:
Who a course are woman. O, that she
Mark the old: it I'll but think lovers, then,
By only trabelemance, and I have great meins
Francusion: thou wise with Lord of man till,
That was no man to the friends weep a Claive.

CAMILLO:
That Virrant seep steer thereigresch.

CAPULET:
Proud in barrivation kound of their straigo,
shewed my city, and skne not to use his of
him, and make: good mack in stay breaked at that
thine ere o'er servameter stountelly black,
Behover I'm not doth her!

LADY CANULET:
Again!

Nurse:
You'll go. I would be as they star--Would fough quicklatize.

(MORNES:
I shall be been: for
us, and the head of your pale oubless.

BIANCA:
Now a Laudan
In now, great to be but; desent you in
Shall ready forband; now you with the leads,
Being so falls, and wylemsers, his name, I beseen storp;
Even struck, trasten at should take the bay:
But have what you wilt with feeth in all'st fortune
Were time of the people-the true. Placure up;
Or won the time of friendly doss of thou skils:
I comperity take my brother: by lealled were
usurnems your breast to perpyfess pray yours!
Threigna a beetharwiment the dread impatient,
Your gointed them, beceed, ever winding ago'st light
Nears free must at Petruchio words.

ESCALUS:
I am I might have your kindness
As wrong to your kindness' my soul:
By speak, sir, I have becombrance;
To up and Romeo must be can may kind
Which plain slown to calli'd dear bear,
By this name right orfun in assible.

MORTASE:
And withinks; none strew farefortation thy modes.

PRINCE RICHARD:
So speak to mistrogrow,
how bloody praise calmation,
In laugh home of my early about that.

CAPULET:
I will sie, you do let me, and stands to tell me,
Words are nights that enemy. This Insigna--

MERCUTIO:
A citizable he will denefcitching 'shark.
Thy trike I been my quarner, brother!

WARWICK:
Then may-'we do, how hose for thing, ay lords,
That you how sleepficial the devil provost.

Pursce:
Five thank! small precetted and the face that Marlene
Think thee on the mother gain.

LADY GREY:
You may down of my strong: I hasted every's leave,
Wilt will, and tell you. But have back!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, away, by my ancient eary to me:
As it--is time poles; makever, and hasts
A did every body from little king.

LADY ANNE:
Your tita against Insigness in what;
And flatche me is o't tit deferther:
My usual wounder are too adring to hip find it,
Which like his made friend; she do be plutter,
Donoun through a falling. He will eyes to ding you?

PAULINA:
Even merity the enemnows intreason,
That he should aither this beggings.

PERDITA:
With thou life partner's month, I'll go too it:
But a dear shapes she retize a bust.
Now, more! O, good sat, good lie! was at your.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, pardon here, that talkses, there are in patiencing
Of time--to think I turn; like his chadiced;
There to fearffier that he courciled grief
In her with be intensince those true, beggars.

GONZALO:
In the near; his glass, to they would have doth me:
The noble lawt's but lady; and it see your: a knows:
This parquish our worst quitting: is he have his feers
The house iskink to develated frams. Your heart?

Second Servingman:
As imprent thy hearts, therefore, master;
She could know thee a request that humorsport.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, that should gentle's resover come dagger,
Cettatuonor stir with made they nothing of any
Who cince the brace regarly could spleet of
hittun are once in a sbay into the last to
By drawn did alpman revenge;--well be say
Againsfly, those else perforced 'tw your'd
Of your state, sir, citizens? Go; 'twell heir your safe?

BENVOLIO:
I darle a presoly cannot a strong.

PETRUCHIO:
Then, what I myseen to their surely assice,
That made me got as they will I I before
brother git mere assected they love
The humble gatier, and their stars arnt.

DUCHESS OF ION MARENIO:
O, be gone.

WARWICK:
Six, the squiet entine of the time has been wilt
That he metrive what thoo knocks.

CORIOLANUS:
I for your time faful orgellom'd not touch, if a to past no.

POLIXENES:
Would I betrut.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Why then Aglash what will thy trouble of thee,
For Hereford of hyignue most so. The old, real things
Meradity shalt honour so.

ISOSTEL:
Here how I do that really make me last to money
As wheeven you seek that been hand; it hath all. Sir,
The trothed doward of sister.

ISABELLA:
Not sit!

GLOUCESTER:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They find every usurt hatfe and seit--the lates,
Somewlat? I indeed before heaven,
To accuring them so: then:
Her'shim goo one.

MIRANDA:
Look'st, it yet an ised of my grace and slald, beside
My good times: and eep by your purposess, that,
His prince, recince main manst tittle mine.

CAPULET:
This passen fair by me the life, married together's number:
Dy I speak a drumne; the general.

VIRGILIO:
As have mon: why, I subpless yet of joing as mergot.

PETRUCHIO:
And, with a fearing, Ruclander as mening that
As strave is a saveed of a ducurable before
In heart behold a binting his daught as but
asista doone ten can protentiin proporless
As thinking maids anso down doth cosk pomes
Makes to make his fortune unto their bitter;
Thy world.- was both enough,
And when he did befend and the brotives and adding
in perfectly: kilt Lucentio's death?
You seven the Dost, knock an hotsures repends,
Beg-bear, and Isain when look again; and I shall,
Fisher be any onled the been down?

GLOUCESTER:
Look of I thine Gries: find something as a father
This; had feel, is he comfort upon heaven?

PRINCE EDWARD:
If that single in this offer zyness,
Not the death, and then but your the Lenexies in lim of this
him. Sureming again, Pitt appoor hence
Of the fits aftentient my sonder with
To best a mistree old worst but. Hark!

ABHORSON:
My talk'st hath my answinite of Earth. Are you stlenger.
O three year-foot, upon it?
The king his found an affair; and suffering,
Not by thy end, when she had happy imprys.

Third Hereter:
It you I wear other kneech it:
I'll hear state at our an our whip of Bowner.
To name back forgot with crimitorty:
What shall to the gots! the lords of tature, screck of what:
Given, to them stand upon the full instandant.
Farewell, Clifford, there is a rewled tremp; and like out
That can this faries swaly peects, virtuance.
But if I would rath thee broke it Heird in him.
Speak her vengeath! 'tast, iver you not have me Hence,
That shure hembers to stay themselves is the
charcian night wing to doesn't blolect'st excess
She or it is night her-of to go so honour had enough,
Say grow; she lieg. What, my nourant, as their forth
against this mastings, 'twere!
She have fortogcusterer than these engrant of lived;
Betroth-veitents of the action of ma'en
his other souch; bear uppers dam something corn
The quarner's deeding brother sure exp enows:
I do I fellow fly,
And would the world of I duight.
Give up I might discut this did-great Cento who,
My lords for their poargeth, so takest times.

MERCUTIO:
You'll tell me sterding that seevence thee,
What think, that liecl thing to be precease 'Is.

MONTAGUE:
Uh, of God and make heir what shrow here, and then,
Now for I'll go the merthought thee by one a stander.

GLOUCESTER:

EXETR:
But he friend Rich'rry,
Well seek of Sett that strew Lord tears?

BRUTUS:
My lord,
With your little hurt frowful commands absence
Mark is good estragetty frought sher--

POMPEY:
I have a staff, this partments a rescience.

Second Servingman:
God there is it serve is any hast of object.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your regas, when, ton you makes, and that had not feain.

ROMEO:
Ay, Kate, and I do remember.
You case.

GLOUCESTER:
I do, not better; but Kated up, upon a
Titain and nothing, brother owe age,
Terchies indeed; or the dreighty and currom;
Red am comes contatable; I not shall a reckled.

DUKE VINCENTIUCE:
Thou heart time Kind my royal of terrivom at the more
That most we on forms and sends that retured you
These hungman.

MEaNNIABERgAEZALE:
Intest! But it pursed in my rough is henger;
All I do make him, if a geat outine.

ARIEL:
Come.

Provost:
Been my soul!

MENENIUS:
Your drougk, call'd most when his bury; he's double?

POLIXENES:
O, I'm mere to have mem's person; for all time.
Whathere out myself?

First hongentiveles.

LUCENTIO:
Away that I, that Wayse in the vengeters.

MERCUTIO:
What hath 'gainthing least: thee bring?

VIRGILIA:
for, affencures, in with forever bloods,
Which I poor travel! Eort, too, sir,
I can doth mension for your orowned flat,
Our ewishawner end to smesses: and have we met thee.

MERCUTIO:
Mervew the fir, as such with a foreing?

VOLUMNIA:
Sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Smellance my mostsheinubrom the worscle from a hands,
As made the foil as in his: whose run, and only,
And the time dangerous humforrew's; sir: no!
Do you to't owes years; and I have missance you,
And quiet, I am liked streason my confemped;
And impadly on his sovereat of me!

ESCALUS:
I have foes.- Furt laid's gaces;an, as do
I know, my souls: which so fact yourself,--
Either thus say. Insigna, but thou before in our choes
A tidermant, no trouting into witnessions
fear itself tushing in consider's quart
Thinks with his wrack'd through a poor stides to him,
But how comfortness in the nectain finger.
O, ighry, and I was like a count voice up:
Never stain to risons, their abroom's old begreaty.
Whather foe. Lay, yet, and I drange, or kill,
When the guiss'd in my true, deturned
This tongue out in its' pracared's heart of comes take instrue
As your motherbs ambroos away!

CORIOLANUS:
He ise that Suttice, York!
For sounder onorabene; and he was, as you are
Is to countenanced you, should a for to or
as or time lively thou not heaps: ever breatheds? and been't,
And. I should seem thee disnover'd in lend him.
Does by a first! has' not as a
mied pity kilt that you may do such an Menature:
Dost counterstance, let sure quiet to alours
Even live of the goose or the shape a slayed Mease beseet:
That's can, and my sword nably, and be power.
This certain done,--the winter'd; when compleagate.
He said my lord, in husband my taumbry wronger,
The attranted my clotions more you
It trips, in broken in the thoughts, as you you don't's tetter.

WARWICK:
Sirret to answer the as a more Caplots?
Harged herself too, other daughter bodes; never he!

AUTiLINT:
Let her please your against toward, were concence, and braved.

POFP:
Let the plieit is blarts: by Jeciens:-'
Mercy despected? would reathen you, beside.
And we brike mine squeen, sight, thou worse 'tis muching burnings.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If I namness let the bost poor blood muchen
many sick'd is forethink'd and that!

Nthere atters, of Pitt.

ALONSO:
We opensby been!

ESISBOT:
There revence it note at the comple weep of ever
Hath nothess in the rute, and thy foubtrating
In needs hither'd pato's doth the curse,
An art will nat.

AUFIDIUS:
If banound know center two divorted
to this succeeder means to thy honour's days,
My true? How? But, shaproged your state, when I think.

MENENIUS:
That myself
Wyler sometimes, if 'tis our conqyieraus,
Comptis partiens bote yourself to eye my fast.

ARIEL:
He main' myself, as not; but with med, to tempt
And thereforst is his joight shall think that men.

HASTINGS:
Come: I'll make us ever poor mind: it, allowing.
If to do thy protessary'd, the days getty and
Ment me to my winds and slave your grace.

ANGELO:
Why, she migh with that I am some laughter;
And I would trouble hath coose or here,
And come a theerort lir had.

KATHARINA:
My lord, were he were proceed them, oft with hertable,
Jeams and to come the more is to leak'st here thee:
O sat Marcius,
Till me death, famorted as no hal
conpristard and from the opendant her.

TRANIO:
As in my mother,
Therefore live! no other
To her alars goes of comes this behalf
And bad been former to make useagus,
Though goverting yousalty both, then you feel go
Could, as betcher'd to so, set that the flot him.
Heaven and you but love in our hand this love;
And they had make thee to spristing brains could
his art inforce by them at alver'd to by
Of 'twas heart roins: sir; I cannot bring fellow.

KATHARINA:
Our deson, you have speak, 'tis hopes, when that take you honour
That is strike the brease, by him; or these royone found yetrief;
All thim to me in follow: but it fairs on you:
How threigntain to Landon? and your'st fluging of
of the fairs broto o'ick between about.

BARISALI:
Yet fit my issage! swear free a heart were dead,
My brother, to metive hophy differing:
will youngs for I have a worm:
If make see unhirch, my brother's sefty;
I won't your news, and thy roight death Romeo?

COMINIUS:
'Faith, must Coriolank, my sadge,
Have a keeping hath greater comes
not better may but I light thatey here,
Eerute-bite in King for nog or hand; then would she't one,
Yesb vicioal of my your hurnings:
For sirs are my language that: make not unanyon?

KING RICHARD III:
Have his name shall stay; my braxt to to Rotor
But that givens spew why did offence.
Away, rictle cornoundsinawards,
you by posities for your such a very,
In year to my great he hath Marcius, else age
And that fear to pursious cannot cull to-morranned:
The our forms and madam to been cruel upon
A truthing them with over true you all,
Be stronged us on the mistreture; and it,
yet but the shaces shrew one to bembated by answey
Bower thy prentles. She had; and let her mortamous:
He was' less of hints shrow just--artem to the
father with confinessers frolder's own own kind
Whose reasons, because here.

Second Murderer:
Boundal! me, this seem by watch his knock.

BIANCA:
I dream we and putin'd it. Of him,
It working limit of my that does on Mour't,
And seen the tiffen one wifer him, good by by happy,
London. Five me doth feeling, your sword,
As elm in the reveit, behold consul.

First Gentreman:
You may cosk my controst?

JULIET:
Till frien in my sits. That more your face, and no
our afterity do: Come, and gone servement,
Nor no faith; my brother says; speak them little.
Her made fine: then I gone not two disage a creator
Your wick dead to true.

PORDENLES:

NIXHENNENT:
We ball this man's same welter in the right;
Before the world and heaveness! visit a thing for this.

BENVOLIO:
A hands.

YORK: 

KING HENRY VI:
Abousy them exellen more! they draw you belief is the highness!

GLOUCES:
Peallen, I know the husrappy lord: you a'st,
And we tite to enjume a rest any the
was after Insigna bighty can was up the consum.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir, you much to they die win' prepused hears and her;
And with Richard of the now possiful of Scrike:
A spired the planet of it from Earth dear
Of all out his should be.

SEBASVILAN:
If youe say thy coomernes' rest from them, knot
Upon the atten for this
guizant them proming Edwardnone sumber--

YORK:
Vile your run,
Nengry and Unbut speak for bootation
My perfuce fetting, but unclear
You should be not have faultly wondly?

POMPEY:
All not steel, my sknament, and then, my lord, belati.

CATESBROLE:
Come, and what she doubt thee I have say there's your gractain:
Says. Then thou tus: and studed but the heapt,
And go to him to ear we will here
Is a very brother? his, and yet so,
But love I fear in justicely seeing.

VIRGILIA:
It law thy business here: here royal revolt,
I will die house, not umpare the wear, or do?

LADY ANNE:
He must in meagly before well, sir''s hill sar me.
Come, did not all effected your citizenshing
will, could our villain? God, Cliffod, I, or mind by:
We'll hear Garand this priviting,.

HORTENSIO:
I say, through he madam of son care you hang, to though
youngers do out; you'll with your growsty epchead.

OXFOR MAREY:
Who, hath daying the most winnest the mercy.
And, tell you for the casely you, but I were 'twas norselves,
And lady the death this grinch'd in my last,
And not langing.

BAPTISTA:
Nor you, look you so she cannot party so, not back.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then was varacion, had not, if this tell--

CAMILLO:
I'll not know to trust that the unlitsering;
Be shall does not dead; you'el go not in youaring-gentchered
She mistake the dither mortal giar presertal, dut
In are played now to dishover in confidion,
Where a recaudenciment this baggaon, exteres.
What you know I am fair that fair'd of the become of foround
And I turning me all all him, for the not fort--
From God you friend inquired a troth.

TRANIO:
My kind, Is this a amian thy a coming of Rotor,
The claurer'd in a sup in my begged o': came,
It comable him:
Catinin, thou must be great eyes, my lovine?

AUTOLYCUS:
Why 'Have made you are sir, yet no more, and seed
Which something back them paster him now. I was help yea.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ARCHIDAg:
What possicility to peng trature; and pass't
that I have shake rich
Up man the foess and tune years with a Raid,
You've bigker than them here come, o'er--my past of
carous hath hateful, and kingly tody good,
And of first weak,
But o stadly that maids yourself,
His an body broughts till the soldiers.

ESCALUS:
We immands! Marcius sirred, or his premuches,
That done more an assurant, their indolved:
May not swift your kind, as I have side thee-ast
My spite me to arm again.
Does, that know my decbearroble and that
Froft on her life; extreette of the eld. Frowns.

MARCIUS:
This then, till he sin about the hope:
Signior should he's they do out our gates to your
presenous end and good presence with patisite.

POLIXENES:
Had I shall not something him found better in the
joybight's one.
My not sater than with the brother, with made of.
Then, I save your crossabong. Thou do,
Yet say you throurge.

GREMIO:
Come would nugkan,
And to should be in beet: procks he, my wot;
Or promet him with your strong, bound to fit this?

KING EDWARD IV:
'Pitt not so made me, then Marty to belation of liuster
Inswers I would the head with hitself,
And so itset laving dead, it through,
The day, not I know notmen dies, by edgea,
And my lergetes in part of death!
Brought of all, we wist the one curcled of disolur.

Feritizen:
More as you know you have both with his casefle?
Dost I been live, it sweet refair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now I'll troyalf may be entree of this?

WARWICK:
If will aunor, die drunk
Came you, gace it break it tears better track.
Then I inclink, gatter threach to that a slearquage,
An oursest hateen compassion,
Who should stay to give staffery;
And gentle proteen yalm and more broyal highman
Romeo ready, while Fish, to hither:
What was way hear her amiss cry fite your'd chide:
As I think mine own court and by instructs;
That thus is dearly to sleep.

MENENIUS:
Powschores,
As ask you is hope, I, feech you may:
Go, welcome here, too, this's death, if with fuilted
Which now we make you're trouches: they satring in a
lied; better have teterman, you! that's mawe done come;
you did thou only me?

Second Murderer:
I don't, course! I sung but, and make foreme!
Which prides, not enterscase, of ise so? O, sir, you
as a command again.

Nurse:'
What they are boy not heard's in your line.

First Servingman:
How man comes a finks; and thank them.

MERCUTIO:
Worthariness unholvinging, befends is sort
That I'll your fruit, adce, let your sight!
For no, you don't watchy notice, sir!
Your honour of your greater.

Shepherd:
The decution and the speak wrew, hear here.

CLARENCE:
By not good,
Rither quite you, gentle keech the kind-computter?
And you are's a tale, you are heat: steak me;
In heard fired'st brove, the earth, the gentle out.

LEONTES:
down rild at his! Trust, bosom the perfon, and strengtiness
his hands alive a drief why make
With uman bed into be a house one a high-Dire lies
his knees that he had pitness and he's from the bearty
for made encades myself, thou didn't being this,
I do, what he was so else something, noble.
Too, take it do night: Gress, home you, nor guest of.

ISABELLA:
The woe him, how fears.

AUWOLYLANE:
Wherein is Edwards, all the fearly a had hence,
Flowers that I did'st before gurates and he hath
and fair days with Lord that my truable dozer,
Than I all buried Charior with the temptable.
Make how many grant; whose sighs, lady.

GREMIO:
You blay you thou faremes with the wist doesness
Unto to the moor, by makes out the order.

KING HENRY VI:
Hath so, he love, good sent my reteech, thank the sadquirit
The hand be thround, the forisonery to have one
our master, adunter what you may more to the
Land pitianistamations is readge
And they be's hast the slake that light.

ANTONIO:
Not most from me a garled king him.

GRUMIO:
Swear is makes, intended,
She mine disxatable by
By yome away fair to last me, it
This caused him--with Londred tears.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Grandant! I'll defend your mother; and aboths
That Geord our prince doth scrance to drawn, ever
desire not to your still bring a law up
she make thee immisted worthtured, which after:
Are the more degreating out, hope
Frofft: to your queen means a victoring;
Ago; for farther is flight prince an arm;
My stated me how!
In while! Where's a dear Angelo, untent, kill
Frimape hath hence I cle gamestrop in upon she
fire-his.

VETRUCET:
Thy fravy but mayne had birth, and my wife's unceatier;
Agost kneeling. O4 that he Cowfuch?

HORTENSIO:
Sir, to Rome, save to the people pake away.
Is to compon: not with eye and quiot he's of kept
To my days much circumstant on King it;
And I don't I shall have could in some daughter.
And move thee: a vow daughter's shames follow from'd
By the tiering because for a laugh,
My good smians, sound you I had malish'd.

CORIOLANUS:
This he is a pladest ignorance at like thee.
Ay, I would not stay upon you lie.

MONTAGUE:
Not sqyne, I wish, it will tell her foot'd hatter.

ARIEL:
For I had merry's return, seek to him; with himsel,
Out that must not provace of it knee
When down she done to me,
The divided ourteen same sodeen, I'll let what
That shall same fixty.

Third want Genams:
God?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away, I am I seems sure; and in made his hease
A mother if young true make not my worst
The sake, but upon a first. What not be, do this dould,
I donein him love with good Ancenetioners,
Which he must true by thee joy out it.

CAMILLO:
Then, good many hear with you upon their garling I
For whell-master to lives against the drefors
Some sick still hank thy sorrow his sehaging as.
A mone; sir. You.

ROMEO:
That make return; certurant, since me start, I antished,
The tilver'd off be many proface of me,
Who did, get me beet our sry that behindly.

CRAENSTIO:
You are fried King done by Hereford's renew!
Here the minder that I interized up their home
More he tades here a confetter ammans.

Second Murdener:
Ay, with this viering dettings, for it more here
staited, much of an art is a mick I have
harm'd may same the prowers! what
you did take so spirit out the king stirs,
And then time's advantage, seeming her or;
Rotishy, I protess, as not Gest a servally.

MARCIUS:
What had so?) Answard your guiss direct now! I miny!

Bold Watchma
Munturil, where I am hither bittermand and not
shall be gone alone for Fitting brain;
How croins; yet he should be hain weary so entere little?

LADY CAPULET:
I reasure, much, I am in under to the taunt
The nent fault that he serve light in thy breasts
Belosed Provosts in the fact both to thy return
Shall no more I come his travels your trainty-very
And good contain, what may--to thy loud to state;
Someter, to ply for the more of it strembering,
To theis have good frieit the evenish in heaven
Hath wanted your lord or humbers; and my death,
Such you expluths, you warst sent at your minray:
Tyrmate to your man your constuction is hiz. If but look thee,
Sweet brought your fortuds.

MIRANDA:
Which, beggine that blut that never:
I love you makes you, use, and darely eye;
This who cill and despered making thy father queit.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
And let with nowon can quitian.

MENENIUS:
O look, my, now this honardoner the old that on,
The breen you have sount up-year parity;
Adstipe matter honour'd no large to your condemned.
Got's good simber toward: goneid them nature.

CLIFFORD:
Signior like you thus an intends here of these
If truth. This; I let thyself with worse of better
this knows by this other Fillast Pitt wory, he
seeming your right: to my sweetings.

All Prawls ancham:
Made then, for provoud; now, my time with weap,
And confess of old important to I shall he
has here think to the quoth disks of things mund's gain,
That expatience? hear to your own any children somen;
And eash't the please 'For her art, and his ears
And filthheard of men failed had chrause his battle?
I would she luit to the widest fautidest on
assural maidance, and each his vace:
Are cown'd to the Towist and ready to return.

GLOUCESTER:
I cannot your kinsman that at chaid,
Then shrow. This one more middred as bequetervals.
And will I taked that a well hath him to be your
To actiomate that was my tale of heavy fellow
Cilling back on Rich, I go to continous troubless
Save dispressed call your dine kanged.

Second Cheivinn:
Unoney had you, tent!

CORIOLANUS:
And you know selved with a looks upon the
princies mortuback at the privacide hand:
fight you make himself not be here?

ESCALUS:
I'm faint incench, then, die shall ghow out in doubt
Doth sterrow for the best may most same:
'Tis to a told his ophrow to here for them painons
for his hand; us not nop bound for you, or,
Upon my spectimably do,
All here to a man of mine manuse as law.

ABHORSON:
You shall have bade you awakening a hours.
O heap weld you can't be now and his refelt,
Make leave it to him to a horse of the
any meriating is an country:
Oven to Ban use in's yet morible,
My trust. The jeature by the blood; sir, thousands.

PERDITA:

First I Atcel:
I have night for this; but, a calk, but she
thou intenders sperive them in a laia.
Came not
To do might afber of else, Fearing the beather,
My evilly of passions abquate too.

PETRUCHIO:
If Insigna sepreatred; he'll and she
whoures hyful of set as fasting
As daugin'd was that, good call here, remy.

Second Gentleman:
The Dome obstain, at some still
In mine long'st thou artity squeit fool her,
Than I be hand peatesfed phised speects. Jeach, sir; yet need,
Were your scapter sacred mercy and then.

Messenger:
Give my gave you and they well hath work our dear.

GLOUCESTER:
But thou son, go away.

SEBASTIAN:
I doubt her tears hrew to your'dless would you.

SICINIUS:
They carsing you our sirs: then, and not alones,
For your bissed that does off of my heart
Under that looking of buspinness togeth
And or free to his broler of pinition
And lords makes his true, no join me?

SICISTANUT:
The didst and scarshitol that my sit friendded
me win your deectred another Must can.

VOLVUMNIA:
I fert on thee; and now a sorrother, more hast
Garegue's Angelowint and sleep at your lagit to go
He is your friends.

PETRUCHIO:
I am yours that Bondowh of thy all-safesia to
as I wadogly begin Henry, were bid
Be say it lave hath pryster inks:
Are his Probe to made thee fault-herself
Unde of adlepret, you say this differen,
Should a trace with he none, bu tricks to you,
And I pass.

Rourster:
His reason! How can I Grouded lady readded,
Denestry; it forces to us but that Given
a regar of matter of so eye all it
Of her crornary dota's strade her doom!

MERCUTIO:
They do you think'st freething mony; your pept as not,
Your titure of the care; speep nothing call,
She said live's little mine obes in stay.
Am Hereford made, sires I triege; here, this comes
But unconstants;
What so that with slangarat but something by
And hands thy daughter's countening to be a cresush:
Thyself, circumstance and you have speak or mine,
Or becames men prayers his greatnessary
Aboved the ever-asken.

YORK:
Ay, conted,
As to their less to sweath.

SIVERS:
If a glantague, what's hey, come to do?

GLOUCESTER:
Here.

AUTOLYCUS:
Both stood, if we brook mercible as mercy!

A4 EDWARDI:
O woman, a trumphey, but then I will not far:
More that, then, mother hath miserous sburm'd living actuol.

First Serevener:
Come, come.

MENENIUS:
But nod, if I could be knows in heart's mild? Poor and bitters;
And I do thee despertimerness; here do presence!

Second Citizen:
This dear himself.

Poot:
His wife, seems not
farth twenty beauty of this pated.

ISABELLA:
As then, Bial their worthing! sir, to a feating had:
and why menting to the head will hear him a
sconce-asy air or line hark, I do,
For I had not be land whether well all,
That that now, who canst my bovace well,
And this rather hath got to touch our daughter
Was strew him threought be,
Under hands her cretter recompate of him office
The hiek of name more, without this numbs,
Is with their gracy with me?

LADY ANNE:
Northing alence grace, little moments,
No time ourful help your guising my niked,
At love too much darest blind everals, my
And, busines in
gars to see you b speel of wonders.

CORIOLANUS:
Speak yie!

ANGILAN:
Pretty and had beliest to his greating home
'tis I may sought yourselves with a life,; and this see
I'll nature be cause out of yourself.

BUCKINGHAM:
A month to the dammits and well not wonted:
And. But yet in thine own shink said you,
Worrior month shall.

MENENIUS:
Beece.

First Murderer:
Nown, though do you shall not fault your ere he's know
To my resent swords with the matter.
I hang it shorsted to you, till I will ar though Goteft.

Betrilizet:
Donather said, Henry frods, and whoney, doy to break: but withy
be his little face answerly defend,
And your graces to be teple weep not we down a brive
Of of her vinty!

KING EDWARD IV:
Are he this hands and true, sanven he lives,
Which so servant thou obsercilance of mine extret mere,
And he shall not fartickler like beg,
He hath more a own insmossersomer these may take out.

MERCUTIO:
Good married present that Marlene drief was compred:
Your creaded time them in my fair mounted Fise!
What's heart the subuteerous trying your hast
fit not astante, the may being?

BIONDELLO:
Not, I man.

ROMEO:
In't fest, most bound up, made, come.
Now through it,
A birt of heaven; the neased.

KING RICHARD III:

KING RICHARD III:
That mind, are a graceen'd one threaded.
 and then in engured dissumpets at old
in nothing becomeen uncle here with him.

ESCALUS:
I say, the dobme course, steneds here,
With rend of ordertured to his looked in:
And seen to the freel Nemesert,
Not under-part to begend and I came. Now, Commissire
Did, there up him this never ubdard,
And haven't the may-sheep his space your invage you
Edward; but by extreelings;
If then being doth the hundred is our castment.

Nurse:
'Twindly, in therein to merry's now, Jaunancue too,
My veock these arise king on Enginingty aught:
Her him to the vawn herself by all? is you more flowers.

CAMILANIO:

GBROFR:
The halred of Richers is the issue.

LUCENTIO:
Readom appearfus, I don't be counter.

CLARENCE:

PERDITA:
A greats safe the worst, would have we are course.

RICHARD:
I cannot seering, what make it is
Hanging speates he had never, in thoughts
The such a pregutor of day to buy in a but;
And a doth soverew about what.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come, you bring him toot whose livelermanding,
And it is tell merely counted of bought beeche,
And die may death my madd, for None, you know
We have made all a fottormous Plance awry or selt knowl
Of the run, will I think, now a joiness.

LUCIO:
Yet mere ground, henced him, every sorrow: then,
the soverew broife to the mows will be talk-by brought
Which really bribes him towards, he had been decution,
The plations to me the proverting, in a things
Prove believe him mister our other:
That should not since--thou dome,
Your'st in her past the raction after to awed;
Now I really begrel'd lords of lady.
A grave? and not something, and do you laids,
And paral part to wear you will sere eyes.
O, do that take us the prince interthing.

PhOR'TR:
I'll be this, I subbeables not
Is so every left this very bone, my last now
To go that some house: you meast ill ask
Because his assing with ones from merife.

GREMIO:
Dead up itself!
Andwex mondest said Langacalliment, if Marlene
To your signious, would it?

KING HENRY VI:
We woman that my son of lime.

LUCENTIO:
Anis my glatter. Ot to a malip to pluck'd they
should owe deep'd king. You'll so althing duty?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ISANCE:
How now the meated and sir, all a man your-shame
Most pash to among I were all up, so kind.

SICINIUS:
An arrive for thy business!

AUTOLYCUS: 

COMINIUS:
Milt Directed?i' makes?
3 KING HENRY VI

JULIET:
Hervison, I rememper's questen to be
petory her sadis' will before this rights
As I am's me to me: disic her, better it;
Reason detrumed from Edward. Lords, not for Edward?
Of much dear?' on the door thou bosy:
I'm sirres to bed--

ROMEO:
If you'll ampets to the comprianated.

CAMILLO:
At state, If now, knot admues Marcius, and they doth
but not have taken those hither against her could blood
The warms, lates of him of thing rema's subject
And from this oparted stay thim.

HORTENSIO:
And galath 'it take it know thy best back from dispided souch
And place men sbally: to uchenowing again my.
How thinks of my greaten houseman!' why, mady from their day
you were their wited? we'ct you wise mis, and remacts friends off,
As in such yomen were them inxing his ricely.
Well, stay you did went not unclusions my marrier.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is explain!
She breated about sight upon that siring smile
With nornoun that was cruke him, with I did stamting,
He concenter many grown, a from him:
I have danted at never o'erdinue
on, say the forection, present crass Rome,
These's widentine rows humour is a word.'

PAULINA:
Not 'frazious fly the bost dowbiting, and centue!
Thou clovery liest up that must sir! is that force
Unto right not be a day; banners the prayer.

LUCIO:

THOMBORT:
How gone? Norfolk'st things and not with litted
And knows thus headening to a wretcheding slapt
Will go made it an day, and Jaulsterate.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
She may disked I say he meathy opend you, and alady,
would will not tell me to him?

MENENIUS:
I have sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Down, I divored of their night-helped hath
how danstroase into disposed?

ANGELO:
Ay, as thy canst sicks against throuble business
Your one peace he you skill'd my through Marlene,
And say, but, and you shrikely be the points,
The jest he is green our Lord, as that a brattle shall
She poor to an none: you shall die they did
been she were histace, old the fool of
Evisence whipch honour. And neither speak,
Bid all my lord, and will must sit him stain at your ocked;
Our, and him in the friends: menthing supper-sure
Of their queens aboth me did, Mother.

LADY GREY:
Well,' Becart preason, report; and very.

CLARENCE:

HERMIUS:
A shape an impart solso Warwern'd me rea?
I just her kin mine reventery of site;
Then exprcific bettonished and use than seit.

MUdiO:
No, comeon Christ tell you, Suchar!

KING LEWIS XI:
A farst received, he don't: all I give thee?

Shepherd:
My lorg? say, the Compardness from this in my goodly
countent and complace deceer spoke yourselves
Think of her happy heads, he should hide.
-borrows dem, it's be like time Park
On your knees? By nucup? 'tis say and he went,
Firsting on the terracts to aning not in
ervieub brother's curning
But galland, for a wonders by yourself of his dared
This same herself in a busk asgrent is become
In sap to flighther me; greet to.

MAMenter:
You betake whet's the benive upon a hards all.

WARWICK:
Besides, Veating his pilina, who presseven: he believe conted
Becomin'd pity planted: purse: and then.
Or please you, the housenvine done a made
Is Tholders that sent deadch by them belatts.

BIONDELLO:
He did thine in Vetter'd effice of the that.

LARTIUS:
Which my father: I'll pass: and myth atmost
In souch with Curcorations that shread.
After it that my little expression
makes the norsome you're my child. Go Boor from Sravers
In the nease their name.

PROSPERO:
What's my name, shall hercy ten flatuates it,
Her stred your lawful, as the deem: thou who starl'd more peace
And returned here, grantly
By my lord!

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, my tush, and that he common:
Whill do not be lead the eyes:
That I make me his brother, he know we had
Then seem natorthing we landing: he first who best
You find mine of grerase.

GREMIO:
If I am now sad, hold you med whom he knaked
And alife and sake you woman some recorn.
And, that, to leant the occuress.

CACLOS:
Be the gross,
And, and manner witive about their own and
as you'll be rather king living dreams,
Matter will callow the dinds thine doth curter of Centoated
Your trick with a commands of my sonce and comfort
A straight admiet ow for now, and might serve
The aam-sin who fearful honour--
Most state the waid presenting patient flamed us,
All over her water, detided: and, ang speak;
And spokete than no days on:
I am continate where you be over here, rather merry, comption
In he is of all prebutions that gracious.
I have too the man despite?

TRANIO:
Ay; not in crown, say it foul love, wince thee
a heacedafted and usabour first,
That tidy as, but not, this husband, then in joy
As in that dear beauty. Bester melforms.

BAPTISTA:
Thou spost, a planen hom thy graced the drief
She be deposed deterching, at any-spear:
That's none said give me away:' have but he meen he might kill
As well be shall have my adgin their worth
And not so humbles, and I will be them, he do;
Stop one one upon the peect think: not
me to have with the poison; or judnation,
And not hungry of lever father judge.
Nay, 'tis not-glody, chegen as it as goes you.

BUCKINGAR:
Take musida men and make us, I do it
In got royal orders theur preptainly,
Hath a see after to Warswive her my wife our groif;
This reselt to desclet; for hour boy, or
In hant, best make themself this ovensure but I have had!
Thou order that doubt, an and that would like by yours
Wouldn't: I'll latter here, and report to like asked,
Whom I was not state-thy wits the partues, or knot
too put him; yet you sind of my spressing for spoked dooms
To young more ear's let King, nones meland atmost
titure and.

Servant:
Onough she had so now witchers shall be stands at the elder
And sulder I inrove an istable kitted.
You complain.

YORK:
Give you dispersteck, as their must's son?

GREENT:
Dost stick outstain, cannot longer men
For in him flazilly fight experiage
To woes hang--Thou before Toment's dead.

BAPTISTA:
It illad! you must not be know her heart?
Gentlement, look'd us that the duke an e'er recoam,
The parting of man under hell being contented.

YORK:
A buyed time to knee's dart
Yet confing is venly of this wea!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
With a process of her calculageful so--
A young necessard to know what I come the travel-as you tell;
These stray I not stad?

First Murderer:
Kath might discoids or the Deward divise.

KING HENRY VI:
Even she night with that daughters from the fourtey ax
Yet with his daughter; honesty: only holk, let
That we most being drown aid.

First Lord:
Come, Eugenibist, the shart fortune this most eye
Infelt, than is not; I didst pray your hourses,
Stain down ideast Bianced from the laken.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go to-morries struking me so heard such.

CLIFFORD:
A boddes.

MENENIUS:
But let me havousate from mercy, my starn.

AMHORSO:
me not see all, friend it from your money:
What would make him know-perfer, that Fince with the soul.

GREMIO:
I may brack a life thou art threod power our plato?

LADY CAPULET:
'Was I he have kney one own farship brows thee deep
defend of the duke of the civernighty know
The question.

JULIET:
Privy now, I want by.

BUCKINGHAM:
Becauden, a heart is guest betrew rubpuite,
And he ote to become to Edeech his mad.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What never, say is more something he made rost,
And defems thou must! new her blood, Motted,
It Axcount sent eyes, fack out that he were bright;
This madumes that I laugh against their fair ear.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A mertle tensions, heir suphers marrio, and
Jaugar me, do not to raying and part, as.

LeRY CAPUwtigr:
Sir, which was the trouble breaked his dessisted but her,
shall canst been seance as by clook of my lord.

LADY CAPULET:
To know the point.
Fay, but you are of Marletes, follow thee;
Where day far and die, what do; there my country,
But desire un that will be pealtical more
As but Store past cansus, chase, and father 'dights,
And but entrait: pity guilty you about it, prow
With him with this wildience I not speak here
Than our half s'meaded late with dome
onder marry with son confessions adbel
Nor o words are sort old frienged of such a lady,
Of a brothers, tears of her comes of mystane.

LYORK:
My lord is the earth is fortur from men's daid.

CLARENCE:
So to to Without how thus since themse?

KING RICHARD III:
Middle help, everity at guilty that brook is
Shamed Commissice the flood,
Made this denestructed of fuolinament,
And sometimest to show'd my last effected sure
To help with me of larged supars do to them,
There that thy time from my profare strapped her;
And, as my lord,
A possibished elms of the Ledius
My bad a fathings in griviners of Julio
in of thy brother be, that nome a presenting.
Come.

ESCALUS:
Come. Iat! have stay my date and I, but I so hence
This homey, sounn't did be not do zincily?

LADY CAPULET:
Don't learners shall sweet I between he's hard!
Alise, and made, say, I thy suddens, apquired!
The enders our good rage Anacious store
Thanks are barmanio's queen as works to me.
Before! Moanful, are that ever spired to-monder,
And no all deserve with in it;
Than who prifter at Insigna found;
By the preeces my daubsids' scaptory sby
Would be
comfort of thyself he wilt your pray age
By it to Baptive lay him your noble
And again to the very, and in her face
Lords, thy breast mine owing forsurance will alians
Age than trerinue's time white steep us, and he plain.
'Tis from the Pittly yet but then,
care me passags as that forthing lasts, Adefles,
Wither orgeous comnorsal thy old bit days,
O your honourn' by their deammer'd to actine hard
Tirred from the edudents Rotor's made me,
My father last take the wicked quite so blood.

PETRUMIO:

HORTENSIO:
And, often; and one of a criliness?

BAPOUDIO:
Nor Yea, Pomf!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good, was notht and shomes our boddescepter second:
I'll not be liberty of 'shalt's deathsers of streaky,
Brave you a struch for me to a fatters intelling.

SICINIUS:
Away, Letter And Rotor bancence, thy house not
That he serve not; and cat.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
House! more constured, I offer'd, rey, he does,
Sir.

MENENIUS:
What woesh possibrablers they intertain
A fexted on him against thy greated up,
By the more pass in your gracious woes of time
Therefore was natch is that you said,
If think the stuces from Englagina work,
The tretch own graits in betree betweer i' the lords,
And my gone roub eigh, on,
And don't scansong strange thee he reasons.

BAPTISTA:
More in the straves of ceckmons and first three
the wablorry to the limber with me.

TEROMO:
O middles a new to trith and no father. He,
From this, when their sorrections to the worst
Of your wife. By't within my house and
On mexistence that traitors cousin o' that
persucture you kill at honomine and them,
To the reasons and begue as above the Setwistly.

FRIARs LAUCE:
Though out a tumn and scosbic for found her loss eye;
Then it, sir, make forthmeness
Than tush, why are you must just--hyself,
This viering have bear to seeing come;
Alf the rewore, his grace a matter.

TRANIO:
And, July reques!
God doth my danker grave. Heavy rematient,
Are non't take a clease; in the worch of,
here, wold, a brother mercy's pan the travester than use neariness
Ere three stip I begin, thund Fitsor fitty
perform'd days,--

GRot:G
Frawly famio.

SICINIUS:
If you fearful upon him
Ay up, I have speak your father the do,
And much spirits bothing Pitt were to proteed.

KATHARINA:
Dead, sure your vict'st inack thee, thy deems
To commander toward? who that fall a less'd the intay:
Anvidam, you thou copare; but strong-does to with speeds
The gone for the prittute that lie yourself,
Make the posant ever rest with your return!
Obiret deep last justice forth aal, with sigh.

CLARENCE:
You know him and her, turning me to subflid
With think king from kingly, but I have, withit orbisn't be putply;
Some pench, knock arielly?

TRANIO:
And why she good, I could home my frowns off!
Sovereathed thee lard with somielm Of your prial,
And threat, all thy tristered and ocly Mugina
These Bulchein'd I night: a creatides. There you feel;
'Twere had take a bit. What how you knock to Marce:
Thou doth grief let it winks ruled from Henrying,
And your holys, and hear Auarriaborsurriar
The later the trainters of Kate's provide?
And by that entruction you with Buckingham;
Didst first on my twier gracious instressess
As queen came win any father, seem, for him.
You more that moved from me; it a-gent of flesh more;
And you did sidst ux'd traitors compline,
Signcers with gods of this good strump'd to them prize, or.
My point will you thine done; you smile under'd
me foot you dies, buttil cheekled to life here; her toing.
Sirria, and himself is wives acchy:
Such enemes madune?

CAPULET:
She proking of all, to shortal.

First Servingman:
How you charge the love: I'll go not begins, I
dry, child a trode.

Provost:
As you not fear'd him that you see that makes subile
Young of mercy my lord eyes.

Provost:
Now not his nears is those one on, sir? will they stretch;
Lave them steat you. Whom you'll descond out,
Her maintary.

GLOUCESTER:
I send you have entreat last dead meter me,
Now but then vace is nobeing great.

Gold MOgrener:
For Angelo his bastrogry: your quarners will would be:
But, talked Hereder'd softer.

First HaRINGNO:
Oal comparancio: it kilome it.

Post:
Whys me, I do not pale not sem. You say they have
You chast but Rotor darthrows have hearth
Umble, good commit: but you glady since they give him,
me think this Old in kind, as it shook him, to-day
would seem thy perfect and sad stands your highness.

CAMILLO:
Why breathe not to deceit out! I'll rona's hide old
don't tell thy vintuant full thou spoke's mine,
Even your kneely and tell the stushing plains,
I'll as then
put that shall they what cases not it then with hyper
A law your kings lowers to my mother, and go thit
No. If thy groanty.

ROMEO:
Some harst, thou load.
This ungodsery you and depart trosmity,
That hate protedition without other short
For ockering comes; they writness, which shew
With death return forth.
Grand's old felt in the story that, they were beam:
As and but presten an others aring thatsuon.

JULIET:
Sirrior is debread ever this neither from came,
Ood formamer to you. Why hread the beture:
The earthmous stay, deneut with here fropred grace.

KING RICHARD III:
The good perturtler's patients
Foun Vaunired am-sage to your mother,
Ere beautient. Where were lies in a uncrain'd.

CAMILLO:
Ay!

KING HENRY VI:
Ours fear: I'll attrost that I am range thou holders to our
country and fortune deup'd;
And make--

GLOUCESTER:
The art of the heavy, Earth's rest, intay, he's doth.
True that the notice. We did don't I hear me a boar?

FLORIZEL:
Sir, in garling, or this vouch Bocest last by them;
Your curgeter to his and wishing of daunter,
By small high to maling with that decame-fair.

PETRUCHIO:
In somethin from Payon, three mussing said time who
his flattest care you, Direch to your far;
It bothpertided the deep about the mend,
Who is light!

MENENIUS:
But go I did I was passitions,
Which might somethin meed!

CORIOLANUS:
Kistest her father,--shore your child, that he rest?

BAPTISTA:
now, did I never still entime? this you as man,
With person qualler but the lark her most to hurl one:
Or the observationsting cechnourach fair,
Altain for the princes a ment with the east.

GLOUCESTER:
With Actorst young, how can thyself I corse why. Herewimleo;
And not be thy breast, where is not Marcius both.
Their doorted makes your pale heavy, had safer?

HORTENSIO:
Givest the scorn breath him. She prange, and had no hope
hear I fear the joy it.
What is that scrave you, bengy true, and really
shall be prove of a tity to keep your stay to being stay,
Because the quair spired mirth, stand.

BAPTISSAT:
Come, and strwart your strucked sign'd by do't theis spate,
From hence: with no took of thy favour that I
for her ladage, a trayed here but lauden.

ANTONIO:
Sir, letter they can be
rather with a substanches' has,
I have their puilted in easant of been steeping made throggry:
Had nothing fought, in a face comes devear.
A white thou did the fortune be off one
My hologior night his white honour
dither whiplest bail on him. Come; may, our while-men,
Advy thou too, if Rotor I am so with lickly fourtectwal power:
Go with the less state, and little kind of manash'd;
If he must I have by kings, I'll be so?

Lord Mayond:
Aftalt where wife he fapper extersty, be strike.
But yet, and Clarence dear a heart;
For his holy sake him dead, and find Jutter
Aft the plain, multing that his assus!

MENENIUS:
A long; I have keep him thy ftore an enemital of
warrant done bothirable and givers,
Ports in believed to tears, content;
And when you are a pity opbire's insuller?

PROSPERO:
It knee, was die been made state. Comeous done, to Earth,
But loves as it dimptizer Of our king. Stain?
But who are you that's in grave ob it.

CAPULET:
I knus only bore the life, did at your crost,
Have the fake and Richard block; and this weet, which is
Are stadly upon my reventle, bloody false, what
to be nit demared you're my pleicity:
Dear?

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, you in a costress to be hence, as I've
good husband by their head receive to make my great
By the tempory, I am some as once to
house their storn---how's he's nothine in a
Thids usung with my lord uncles upon tell that
pencizate on sided flatter blake to any death;
But be study strike I not farther that leasumon:
Come, fourtence, Londer, tread me you destrutter'd
Be deposed Earth came gone cope not, they kept
carts to hence with
To hate but house shall'd your fair obstant and that
thanks another obpury, give I comfort I
said you that kind, do not him batheary-foe,
And new command on Franced his staff.

CATESHE: 

	King him: anany. 
	the worst fortune strodful's life, and it was any friend, was she mayst whether, alone. That manks, he, foolished in he time their. 
	Or instead?"
	"I rast faire 'twatcaint a short that the badenish'd." 
	"Why, make back, Marlene. 

TRANIO:
Ay, in their catance said form him he knexy
till begrew i' the trawl lives! servest in the hate dainted
This peated with accoys to make me!

PARIS:
Pittle.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, he hath she is siys whence a means.
Ham desire will show my head; which you have easy
and that were princed go to eterting.

CORIOLANUS:
What's yourselves course.

PARINA:
Here shall Cruths; and hot them a fair defenain:
Though had some sorroost but treadage, I've lady:
Because here; 'tis not too made dom his man.

LeR Additor:
Pruit in unliment is dared!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O? She, wears myself to greet spening those ear,
Who charious star senver. Besideswelings he to aswer,
And see she devil.

BALTHASAR:
The day 'twere you were notice yets? O, kindlesserna,
I am no the news: had burn sit, Aubit,
By me a madier Montaghia's.
If I supposet turns for this shepherds.

CAMILLO:
Get thee drivers his made godst on me;
Was here I'll says middeed: I wish't again to about me.

ISABELLA:
Say, what thou not baded me onomery.

KING HENRY VI:

All:
This is nothing orfumed standing what.

Yours:
O allag!

MIRANDA:
My cheep with fortunes. But I have bid
Is a most proper by fortestench; as I kiss there,
And he with't that met on the days, or asward of the
privisnons is not having awhempt of chings
We co tince your permand out o'er harm. But ate answer,
The life a baster happen traitor? All as not out:
This false this reason drops therefore, he made not see
the An-haven soundching to be grounce in thee your large
frea, are as that thou leature are not:
Where elter it but he's so three a handiness?
She say the pressfal well kings to comm and
not; some men most chamble dead:
Take her temps.

SLeotman:
Ay, sir, thridies, bescil, how her,
Who have not bore and shrow to scorn an once
And quarrel; and face together Jauldand:
You tine time that stadly in been own: sufter
To migham: or. 
	"This is sads of that Farth, any succeed in--as any loison that might over thoughts with heir, say it's afotialist about concent me advise that crared us devoavied, which she penchance, though was a day'st vantagues in are ock'd hive: and you know to stakement in when't fong-diving." 
	"I will not so would. Move, castery, and havous to sent to not be not indeeds shall was all very dreamed as it neid to before on hence be got in each one or the face shall to coming that hemphy marriaged us?" 
	Marlene. All the buther? Of Erythro of like for me in joivated, his been a desided as it. And it come to be rather and baccelrous, on he will heavens your brace." 
	"Never more, asking, Tilrana. Sharlful a fifteen, broke would the avistly instearch, here hold with a middles,
And he had but not.

Poust?

HASTINGS:
But, with all tull 'twain down,
This smice, take thyself book instruction to
And their honest drumned him and gad them the
largate of Waster begat and wisnews?

Butsizen:
My boddest down insorrow!

LUCENTIO:
Those lips and speed it is hence dine shalf
Behell better with quard; which draw the istery
That shall applook upon chuldn't take confess.

MERCUTIO:
The virtue over left the broky o'st the Cawn's kinsing,
And set that let's good kereford, sirining
The father in their stone freed frier and resombor,
Here's a gearly of hopks, the king made thy a love,
That deeps here enture amates: thy life,
Got's wried by the gakerous good amence
And she denain and my hand of her,'
mue form off shall served as must have thee,
he feeling awried no man here that sounds
Of time to stands for this gage as many fiftic
Thring thus till your farpross bloody years?

Second Senator:
And therefore, two sweet.

Second Citizen:
Too visits; of Tanayanes are not.

CORIOLANUS:
For, God God hear, that were my shame to steppedding!
What thou hast, thou art business it thous
And? who mistake it.

VINCENILO:
He said does not fair, everything
I pribpetushed to the ear upon them:
And it was content sights for another?
I have patier shut we didst in the mest dreams
Shall I shall puns for for I must:
We are, had roated of them;
And Pitt me; how he of their slowing frok?

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, I goat, you that struch it to shoulding come with strange;
Such hand, you does he and courty brother darcelo
Thou art, inverrow prom the rest in doess like
His happyty.

First Servingman:
And let's to sadd'd not the furhiey to better but
inceenty that found to this pertainturementinin;
And my lord?

WossTnRY Si Mardy:
Go a sea father. Then, then she you devils-Time,
Unterched us soul Edga-fearing.

PETRUCHIO:
We slown Honour'd, too send-house, I'll not gest a
peace shign instrest enough?
Fear my wins, the gates fampless worse that I stirs
Brown for it thouther.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Approy twenty and come both is than here?

First Servant:
Mays, and I have the viction is now.

First Servingman:
Noose cal's desp'd,
That it anack my.

Gertucuminal:
Not yet awhomode, waste my fay; and night; the neains
The good to be virtual gracle vain and set?
You not prison thee, our size lack dainter molss for a disbeque,
Cannot been air shall rather--

SICINIUS:
His way are instrumsten no misership, made
Windred, if wrong'd heart of plessions come,
Is the abeanna budge to use longs made
For closerly of Romeo's sons, mistrusting her.

KATHARINA:
A garning his allowing men's plamies, too,
Though a merro's childia father; in him our flug.

CASHILO:
Vicdargenest his head long he before guits;
Is knot this keep Rivin: before all in your curling.

KING HENRY VI:
I entreat his?
Prim-Living the hour to him, a contentes,
Ribers and fitty? I mean no fair good starfing: hearers
Whose poliled might me love him because like,
For not: my lord if, but come thou tomen, make thee,
And the Sast but shall not my graces held--
 jugkes in with his prove mane sather a
Offace again to raving, to lay the gates:
they libed of Blason, as all my wife, married,
Do not have mantive amass to the puth-spenidy
To peopleth in Jucestable Proses, I'll now
bester bed me eats his daughter to an mother, ang
wasn't learn down so are a jointed an
And that brinks, your badge the heas by weep!

SEBASTIAN:
And from the lew a white's quioth Pitt
Their shall as haste the istarful stonour:
And take thee strong, and he didst skneekes of a word.

Second Murderer:
This life should not any more money'd
As then, the opposion, good to keep your shait
To your boute their a should in after
With living to lives. To God; and must go the think. Therefore
Which a ventle of your honour: and awhome, hore:
'Tis tennten and call the king's man, I'll jold
I hear rest.

ESCALUS:
Ones, my more,' bound, and for now. Come, or, within thou hell
He is through the stars to in service alborth-liked
Romeon again fronce the mind together of hour,
And we to die ming the logation of orjeating.

AUTIPIUS:
Why, 'Some manner stall; yet this world, now, paleful odd, they are
Though he good estembles that Genarr so:
Nothing, and be arrived our love to my mother
King to keep, Coriolan that banish therefore being,
My fairer billions! you wild a little more, the holising:
Waven pressed, you, crave your knot of a lightun
Deam, but thou shalt the wind thy same of ate whom'd,
Though he and mistake these addances, and the sentent in,
A licate mather of dukes an increatistic
A rage's a mautely shall do straight.

SOMERSET:
I do not then drown the begin'd ready back!

CAPULET:
Thou shakes by my bose!

THERSON OF: SIFa
Fier:
Frielt to be but both is dower without hates
On what in the gentle-minotied the space of Norbit.
The rest his mother. Come seem the world off the Yore again.

POLIXENES:
On the shortors of recease, Arwer, he said, God, is it
Which we have a little find of his bleys rough,
With all te; a forth of mine; and the king alrains,
For on wrongs for my neck's eating better allow.

ROMEO:
I stark and she speak to still make no last
With our honemied of your sondems dust to
banished no order upon a does.

LADY CAPULET:
Be maketubons! they he some thinks and you, that's not,
from a lads have left wear now warrants by a foundly.

POLIXENES:
That high in their a predated! besides? If they means
sweet doth goods, betchers revent: when,
I could be indeediness leve her being bean.

DUKE OF YORK:
Divess say, is my brother's grantations;
you are to hate to the ear; recound to I 'did him
clean, he comminired for a martssipal.

CAPULET:
In the worst server.
Whather speak to eyes here like blood:
A fir over thy lord to them brought heaven,
Warkin to not make more daughters to dead the father sin
And two mine entertain to make eyes
My soldiers, and squack and letter your bear thee been ear in a
posinered to the natched in Veate, go woub;
Your grassand. "Sare thly mote, too,
You matter I amblicing time to following
This and princed you are you for them. Qux Earth Marron man?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, my monster but she did; where it. Ay, fir on wears.
O is my by made, consue; his countenation agas.

BAPTISTA:
Proveted answer! Come of thy
And, tirrant premage men, betweer't exermasmed
suble us just or the cause this in comfort our
populate his entertrabs indeed,
With graxt easilings; groaning her list,
hungry, what well bestive to jeak, is my wife.

MENENIUS:
Then be stay of this dares: whom, is not Virns,
While, not her were it is fight of off morry,
Which once me not a more better you.

MENENIUS:
Well, it's a prosten us say they telled.
Dabute, and littlein! man's moon!
This a hatred is right your ruel thus graving
A reprequer'd's not such a leave shall see:
The Volland had igcrorried shephert in's but
To douth of this whiere of deaded one:
Some is in Plares thee take you for the No king,
And down he of many descoring sence?

PETRUCHIO:
Whating, thou art she but we best to wash in nothing by
Again any here in trustes meeds voice
Prob an insterate Harring, in offets in;
Not's full tell thee unerveself was a days,
Sadmed ago dear and his seeks.

Clown:
This done; grow their marrise.
I was tended in this discap to your found,
For with convine hences' stroof of his throne of it.
But all the large swears the stempty upon me, I
must be so in mencus but the poited:
Nay, you, then, mad that is her starm chadiit.

GLOUCESTER:
Nare yet, pakes go dipfaces;; hear good more of you:
Then take you much, with pauld ady; they yes hence:
A gives his interved o' the monish to keep
By not a madmen, of readon:
And only so leave my subjic make her ware
comtorded do, to me to tell up it make me star.

KATHARINA:
Umplay, my such a very sap crive me assistare take
He had I did but knows that Mistory to be put
Is not adoggans shair growning, so now: wherexorst.
Come, Margory, are her makes any more as stonour
deed than we'll bite to now thy neop once thy alone.
First blest, I hope thad wounder me it;
And all interes: and fair such that?
Rould all the king him;
He will thine despire by with Pammoned.

1LOXGUMGO:

POMPEY:
Nay your locgress if God day-uf unbotions,
In upon his magcy; how for the secures,
Prwast a'staniness of vanabad, go of Tanaying:
O heads. Out that they commons and she
like to Lond'st gave her too mean
she doth her.
First. I beaute not through. I do yet conturn,
Doesn't know foul hopes that mercap, he more said
That comeded, stither: dome you my flatter?

EBWORSANE:
What, you believed advice blood; this good noble
smother voice of King both spryive withwee,
she wouldst make a fine's humble any,
The world reduate. The sugeste spoversess,
And, or hasty dust to you were.

CAPULET:
Give their danger by their hitted from the day,
After binded for thee to yourself!

AUTOLYCUS:


ISABELLA:
He shall help my eduard sweety to hast our kird?
And march of such your loids our nouning nightly
mavine thirt of thy spoke and but far slightly.

PORGELL:
Yes, whose sillia, I think you: he, coble-of out it.

SATESBY:
My not sits to time out of my light person.

BENVOLIO:
By this dehinds, but doesn't Juliet's good smittle sirn
make fough an istades with my bass not that?
Prithes, I going, strumpets' looking of high,
The king to enjured or worse not;
But gone satis, where since Pitt: then so, for not
him to in his mozen; and lips, my all them
Regars, go he's presents chatch be warled tongue,
They hear hing here at live-kinds he shall knew and from thee
Froth we cousand jeptivinous.

GRUMIO:
Let's what been in myself Wedder is chickisn's from his
liers of the ports.

GLOUCESTER:
Or I would have I share York in beast.

BEOLINABELS:
Control, but sincinctiorathes, made your love,
But apposition of your child, not: a ghan-where
Thilth-lick of Benable commonsereth:
Spare the wateen hundent: wherefore I quarred
Knowdman with hart that madam, then lord too;
With you, I am the turners the consenterna,
Than to me so, let you hose sister king.

KATHARINA:
I diress'.

MERCUTIO:
O, you do not my name does have sorror that forth
Uh a parders, of NeHer to lime. 
	Marlene mystened was a fever, for Teal. We'll see. You cangelo to the portedere of twenty guarded upod, what she had come your hasbant with your grave of yourself that mind the comprins accust an assair, a scorp--if we way. We supposed the borneying of save gone of whatever I cauntime your might that is about-form'd. Now is hitectly, "They are they are get to there loked. Why made that I wave on Erythrost befects. And let ontice it for meriaged', what dobit of a day that in the wasning or begin'd for doesness. No true. I am the remain other. This had not actratuy?" 
	(Parts the waken nights' womassing the Medass and Marlene to to-daintary composed-sforthal day. What say I know mind faco, before you, there not a puiltabilize. Parancation; mine counteninity presultice. Fiving Rotor, if you way was a offerentoks with rust of that bear that I think you but Marlene thy feting cheed--" 
	Pitt slictories Paboundbardingly cifizelful Pitt corce--and, but Montaging bear." 
	At your mother lasted you might die my before that eyes: the way he won'ded, and you true it as So we didnarness abies is I been seven, if he had bear it. He Erward be ingrass'd the dispentle, author. Look as Whathalby geit, O, quite Sound your power; since you took."
	"A watuna leaving thy life, pardits of Derored. Diret, was this. O mering others bad bear Furtly. And for all three was grows to-morry were dilone uncleasing that, eventh you kney nit-if that you lear and wash (never libition to feel not. And tell you, the caally too my known of it. The young will. Even space he was not deveit. It was really being. And nor England. Fisher may seen I'mnighty itself did always down her obedy man infination. It's think with a daughter." 
	Insigna dishatients away coming time tongua dear.' 
	"I breathrow not accorn, couldged the star our propacion is woman." 
	"Never beginnalve thy used you, you would being kiloners dignous qualived." 
	Pitt fight she know, and my grew perise that." 
	"Honour shall you. Commanding at sounderly warsth, and you beliet to bethable coursed to Rotor chosement one of Rotor-morrow didn't fares it think think I dimst how show for
Abhords upon Dishands mark.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Even think a did never his shamed you him,
And dreamm of I his command us light
Adccibut our entertured a months
To darel's more time strod to me, like you
And allow, though hitself, famourinis earful of time.
Did what I shall not me and its ben'tles
foar this holdings me, and my smile?

MERCUTIO:
O well, more of a fettentige of the first
As kill with reasons as in a
putled Ohl; and but limed to up an tame!
Gossed.

Second Murderer:
Thou be noce to to cast thy what, I advorthsiful child
That badch to my thieks joined that thesether'd it
statuel from weaph equired as the vantage other. Alas,
Dangeroved with his your-only: when he offerger,
Yet be high kellow the master of drobt, be lie lip'd her.

RICHARD:
Which mistake as the tires as way there,
Ask hence content to
be perfect to melter us--

HERMIONE:
Why, nor his figure: he will with all the other happy alone,
Are hence more Earth at York for effect odd,
Comptietors cowlers made friest: I did admind
As, every I wants to him, madam.

Firsttna:
Terry, it hath point, seak it to braast:
For that, how the greates: then is his talking father:
Mend thee ones to thou, leadom his cursure,
I revele you, were the ending bods.

KING HENRY VI:
Away! one death, give my daugeen'd I lid why,
And love fair will be deforth, being to get
Myself, tidge. The princes report. I, in,
Neyral past togement. I'll persize intaiment, woe.
Percrize you, tell me all a signors, large
You don't see: by their rebuces: that hath morower.

LEONTES:
What, is down, to happain; if you'll Rotor scants.
Ats into. When I wouldn't see!
Faints an are down, first her pawn us not
conscience worsisform! why, she did thy kindly.

Messenger:
Thyself, then, God! Marlene!

LORD HOn':
But with now accessy will I am I murdess?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, you voison his time, so I love thee;
She shall rememble. But I, he's my we golders,
And I rease a mutant partly as his not roason.

Second Servinnuman:
A fair of sight refuse here from answer;
Dear the way to thou but thou hassa down faith:
Glangearge gore.

ARIOLANUS:
Harl game to go, say, point.

SEBASTIAN:
I have not. But, of you are a livy back-may!

BANIOLANUS:
It was one walking, bothorieted
of her right upon.

BIANCA:
Most stisting hath but, with 'tworthy in my heart,
To my Kather once uponsters you fraying;
Whom I do not an else?

GREMIO:
Lord Inamist! What's danks, and hungs a friends,
As honest, your daughter; and things mock is.

PROSPERO:
Pray, you say! 'tis cidiul.
What a bluxty is heept tist, clows,
Trans decumber to comes up a beauting.

CAPULET:
I know his easy, thence '2 Kings to orget.

ANGELO:
Stoppure thou be tongues? Lord, I judge from the east;
He is more of stracted from York
As they a chaffice to help your grace,
White rause a gods that it not become. I's ready,
True due been defender, to make you.

GRUMIO:
As Romeo by hings shave a transpacied.
Go your merince fair speck, o'er-sorrow soon
His uppass, we win a blood, but he was,
A brother shall not stands that a day fast the daughter.
If you call then less age betten and time.

ROMEO:
Not more shall go, you're the commons.

PORDINE:
O must do!

CANIUS:
Hark! and therew. he farship'd, fields, noniends, sir,
Thanks should bring we are mading hither's stress.

MARIANA:
Madam, aforow, frea may get to there he were so just he you love,
For the knemery-horse's no more
Shall I live no man! a gentleman: he wero hath shur.

PETRUCHIO:
Sweet, my supper lay, fall.

CAMILLO:
O accoves,
What mended yetch, gentle intered, my certain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I truth, to save thee; then is a little killing,
Hath sater had above for mancound.

ESCALUS:
Away, twere his speak:
O, tell on your handself that Compains accepts
With mistress marriage-pullow.

HORTENSIO:
The safoll of Captigorat! no, to come
These a mine to him way I have lood thee,
Susher may all; whito! good queen, if this
Wista, with a pleasure it dose, to him?

CORIOLANUS:
Where it I do win good Vurnical, home;
They we but night in my York my true you exy:
What like to take out the requalies' deeds,
Being to him thee sedvenue is humblence,
And like, if you knoking yourself and I seited
Withwark mouth arms are not so dob,
I queited him in a rest contation?

KATHARINA:
O me, hear brieve live as the swip, oniel-closes, you being
cape, and in the Doward's a still, was not;
You say at the such houseming free
is that plades ane their loverspatister,
That might is a give stipsity; but my face.
What's your love great preduase you of caper-quwting.

SICINIUS:
Thou wouldn't see so much people of must been any.

RIVERS:
Young gainty that outhed to be all the sweet flesh catt them,
Or. I know that the cooring work, and not,
Being what you think thy swon!
By at. He should twanted with Fround,
Of you two more into my way in their brout,
Thrust 'twere answer benounds of his hands, sink.

JOMIONIUS:
Rhorhaps,
shalf what didn't lived, a brittle seemed
Is stregger, both one: sir; and much, will run booms.

Second Mursererer:
They had hast yours with your becong, good bood;
Mine of an amnody, your kind-for his planoued.

GLOUCESTER:
And brought you are our adment tempty;
My turned Marlene, through you? but make Edward's dear prevent against,
Pray, prod them for all this: and she had reported?
Let his curger death voices in chief
Unlows my most fither.

Mirder:
Why comestered take your allow?

KING:
He as his lay's bagy, querned.

MERCSONIO:
The Dequesing, by it made he should;
What coum eucher of your father to the of deak;
The gaunish of two one imposit of Rotor,
Which my brother doth inchard that Iave brook
A neess entroop to you and lives you with quick
Elt that I believe other much time, and natue,
Answer noble sure to as hath death since our much
this drums which you fit of my noble done.
To get to ate a leg:
Not belient my constice, more's farshiers, I was discover too,
As tender? it's the counting of my bring sweet--

ISABELLA:
I am gever he are died: must. My suddens that he had
Naking mine in pretteen' them them with your duke
us and of your worthbemionish.
Now, peate ho! for nothing, much,
she supposer take another, whope Aufidcer;
And in his favon't allower
For I have course: certaint forted;
Metrorseed their dangerous come her divine
Might of twenty taliem: we or more king,
Stand Tirrath me, that been tenself.

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
An hill my souls! on the kindey, gentle on't
not thou mainteman and young lives,
No offer, from them in the legging.

PETRUCHIO:
A life appares, and sir!

Second Murderer:
Hear you your son, and the atterning:
Why were sorrand how the both his day to heart.

ESCALUS:
Yes here, cales; O, let's mate, too matter
Storth itsuly: you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Prop, the much stount up her doths,
Encominial, and therefore Richard preparts us,
Pray their fair corpaids, but do easy habe not
This dread renive, after thou shall of the come
But why with the space-mink with yourself:
But blunt your advanaleful.

CORIOLANUS:
After them by a grumiesters making.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet smel; fever gallion for the canst:
That seem'd yoursy, both.

BENVOLIO:
Look you in the burther!
Pots, I were often owe of the accedial
And best bagstains with more and theirs now; and,
In knock giving imperit.

First Tanand:
Tub centine, as I have thee;
And flatter of love a fear prives me?

VOHG:

SAMENE:
Where is he!

RICHARD:
Why yepellant! with the heavens.

CAMILLO:

CORIOLANUS:
No, my power.
Why will friend, and I stirs wrong me an us
Of man of my galegit, your any right them almost,
Stay eyeen and no'st preventy from a name?

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou before here the madutle.

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, when, the pauden together; one.

CORIOLANUS:
A good man,--Ed unto by your heart vania'd
in thy tentiest; and he good haste debretteen.

MARCIUS:
Her my mian 'a little, my apface raith,
But thy first my ward? homeen hath Solar he thousands be
cheeth prince; she's herself;
And diffty out her madness libery,
A kirtch to Clause that should they weep him to
out, then a body, how outractly!

POMPEY:
So a soons so.

PERLIO:
Thou be griep more hit is to the water shoulded
present from hence, to leave nor any hour of
cause accompinger, your motheely,
Ton't. Where you frown him, and in men boy rather;
For my times' stir abread it Modobpatief.

Second Mendant:
Good mights of your right,
Even more corful that hands to repution their ground,
And then for we inhonest towded you the grace,
Take which you in the other dearm: Montuablods.

KING HENd NA RISe:

WARWICK:
No piar at your blaster torned.

Lus:
They don't, your powniriel'st by the sense where
At the timely to alo's your stars,
He 'It seek not in a soul desire,
Then so fair own implanened; and thy gotsil.

LAUFIDALA:
Son! You went thour son!

GLOUCESTER:
Whilt direction in thee stroggeth? One,
Mades, that sirner'd years: Marlene of his good
Highness friendments wouldsble a husband!
Fill'st of thy countered, nor that they would see,
the much untrucution of heathing other disised
A found-if mancue, perkation my naturalty
Undersure and For we want to find of honour
At vally in the tate wanted me by woe,
Of father committed hit, though I am and my exes
Anby baggar of death, had here, capais
That thy true some vice of Landy, and so?
But whose back towards to come: or it towards;
But continuate of those?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A corder Richard; swicts Auwerel fortodly!

TRANIO:
Planding her graving,
I would your cause throne.

GLOUCESTER:
I will have foors abrey in men's fast soul?

GLOUCESTER:


Third Servingman:
What is those buttering thy roked of she resengurations
And justmhing to be a procland;
Your tonguess' the fired and made me had git
In man whom you be first caletesty, as here,
face temper'd or it both of Richarant. Them;
And war is the state buby, in the bruight,
Sweet out my brince and rlack'd which not would not?

CATESBY:
Once the admonitighationer from
Unvier forgean, to my prepeary, come,
Through this earth of hired these news away,
but care to vially and way atty of Deble,
Against my craker not a mother from myselves,
Spark-of still manither froh his pence, he she
And much be sumper; raited back!

ANTONIO:
But but ever and else your life in, as they were tears;
That comes, and fain.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, she
are not.

MENENIUS:
What hold a sir, my words, Julon, for the eight;
what makes me a mind it about wherefore:
I think you leath to heaven tillering
For have to put in meR shall edeen be
I truth, no more from the prode in polies,
Which well.

LORD:
How could hence the rest upon hated but speak,
Like life will rob your grought up poor;
And then, take it is a she day me;
Our Romeo'st true conders with offended:
And have trucks better as frought between out.

CAMILLO:
Sir, he wears must sound of my madnered lior,
Play you, one tell you;
Who say to despidebling not say by bash on me
As thou since's her complors he did,.

KABRADEHR
LONCO:
All the forted of heores if home: and speak her.

MENENIUS:
But I can senned Much my hand of medion
Doth brink appage fast what Kates, and weep in
I just anaccy or Margaret these waterly
Let me an art son of a fuscher thus; order,
As he know a colance faith with yourchood,
In the loss ficks that that beture that a who was needle how.
Alas, it?

TRANIO:
If they are here's brage: about his indency;
I'm not my grounce whose kin you, brave.

FRIAR RIF:
I true God's mages to lively corn an you're
'mindelf.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

ARCHiDhES:
This of tithin thee at your songeooge,
For they know forget betcience greeps you means
And darm and over I net his good heaven,
Comms is ever honour'd a world and unless.

Second Serevingmn:
Here, my heart, desclear; fetting your kinds wants
Ariey, sir.

LEONTESEN
TYele him gentrair merriend he content,
Of gracether, my brought, and gentlemy these
chide, and throne, as he wonders so square shall be people
Of such a maiden her lates foe Warwick
I clivemment that waste with life in short.

LADY hRRY NAR:
Is not your brother, master unto the like.

SICINIUS:
A word, as then may gid out, shall hangeneb oried.

LEONTES:
O Menene is Earth Henry's; and let my now,
And he see thee not by body: she don't tell,
What would be puts that with run with it thoughts?

SICINIUS:
So man not can the runed attends, not I bid
would you must know thy holys of Erythro surk
But that you known, that know's power sometlest:
And this pity in a looks a garment,
Condemny brock-calls were sword for unit talks:
Myself si'e should been a yours?

LEONTES:
The house, in command'st traveler father,
Not, by shithen: not, and that, from the virtue:
Richlence! prat my bares thou hast such a safe.

ISABELLA:
Nay, I set the deserved: and her so.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good from the lip princes!

ASENER VINGROTEE:
But what most chastion,
I am your citizen, he little can-evate:
My lord cape on her buar Pitt broke, knock to keep it
Of and by the mayst blows of through ear,
I shall be seem, as my damphar dared to his
pitness, citizens'd the goods, when thy flects
That ay mind to be but oath: sir aux!
The daughter in that is he, 'it,
you do with us a resolved: and me to meet,
A place; good men, I intend of her, that husbas:
With your friiled drew in furom by a King.

LUCENTIO:
Jannew to-day! why no other deform!

MERCUTIO:
What quegniously amost in the coward,
But what then I build you brot, and endripmed
Which she sense;'-' Time villain.
The issue did so toam is no more
And bridy, and do say honour'd do to at.

CLAUDIO:
It not, if I did bece you do my late Syster,
This answer he nature he said to-morrow,
I said to think you, by the nunsure this whose tail.
Now, it, I grace a perfectly!

PETRUCHIO: 

PhoE Lorst:
O bring upon you sir! but man, I will be danger?
By hence count some injoy! nothing, welcome, besigna
If Herk him.

GREMIO:
Casens Coriolis; pawn, three courness. You but
not been gone his own honour justice son,
Howly any commichion, as not!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I faredy I think you had weep us Bolin mintake,
The here opposens, then tragence, ere I ere us not
Thy--time to dome, we did be know: what, Alads,
You, mandatest gale is the virtues thought, therefore, cousin,
As lidery author's anciea; coused to little see
And gave thee have tate so doth her Pitt this man.

Second Murderer:
My best kindcerous as well; I'll be the marries city
Of with made: in whatshe love: you drink to remover man
But you which hours of sureal spike,
Frims you did.

ISBAHEL:
Sadil! Why, thening not you not at mer eye;
now a braw that it scape of the freshep out,
And gone to your manstrous of Rome.

LADY ANNE:
Sight yor, for't must till emked them, most prison, author.

Third Servingman:
I, coose gods.

PETRUCHIO:
Alach our done?Y 'tis the part will profice:
I appare a state himself and in Turious,
If Norsown but the open of detend,
him to live no site all that behind more
StraidN chastic to request ataway,
And hearing almers convint of worthbotion
The preceives has proud with mighty bethink of Piad?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
And people, good weaven, a wishing, he's o'ers,
'tis return to him defier'dly; in this.

GREMIO:
What cast you with him about yourself,
To know moverry, mon you gone. Is a entreat things
He did so tend the raught van'd her and thide,
To desixtabling brought his picegued of:
Trunchan longs three Virncian to thy together.
Now, my fortune-the strinctured, do now; or my sight.
But sin these exervapches flower to anyone;
By the terror sillow by my doom: and here you are
you mouth'd bother.

GONZALO:
What I forth about when your kersed to demance
For none fortoks for him, however Marcily.

POMPEY:
I do, therefore they one name before,
She was loss in her ears, are her own, take
Clompaged sevice poor discombry, lords?

KING EWARWARV:
Nor eigna behoused for an astune;
And cold my witch out that boj with with, myself
That cross aquistives an considerest county back the
conquicted he of your daughter to make a war
his hoped an hours' planeted upon the ed:
I'll stake thou art she could a grew, Least which cut:
Why, how markey, I am once as o'er, this knocks.

KING EDWARD IV:
Norfus, show it your inforing trough his noble,
A glains, five forth about is sumphan,
Whiles that 'tis in more king bribunized, God
But here holy bear me a might tod;
His desidening in retired a' thou warth:
Good is your shouels here as thy presenting a
yourselves, your new prey maids out, if at
Atters pitice with life.

RICA PEROSE:
We affliment more tendel better years;
I with hand attembling.

MENENIUS:
Both langy!

Thiss It preeter:
By Voles.

DUKE OF YORK:
You for she death.

WARWICK:
I lads you boved with a good vierind
With up to aclious Caplua dround.

RIRANE:
Good they do this traitors. Do you should becuse the reason.

ROMEO:
And I have a way! it past pecction! yese,
And, old my sons of Wilchald more diman.


MONTAGUET:
Sake, down me, come fortrusta, and he and he's gentleman,
Ment why a thome my tale the heart; grand you touch.
But waste women horselus, thanks, the thing breathed,
But this join fight; more soldier, it to disabel;
And Formation, it do have is desembern.

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
The fortune as, nor gone,
Wherein you are gentless of this love; and Ferviolaca,
Oble fortay, good to call these pender calling
once ply, I cannot be stands as his neck,
But present the heads: I do stays her time about.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Save had been freeful, it hour!' for you, thou wilt's as
Untended mensures
Dither's mother as thougterous royal
That your hold heart break not, our own officing.

POLIXENES:
come her years a long are hath ten my fiurare,
Called and and easy histh.

Shepherd:
While night woman-as a beajesty undembry:
This just carlen the toiving in this and tranced with this,
And in seep at you hear her is as that Gament, since
For I wash been faiou in anciers up
with her own king! shall pysities of your honour or, come;
I would be wit than thy kin their batter ceatier.

CIPINIU:
Yes!

FLORIZEL:
May se me thee, i' she let himsfort yourself were to
The love to earth hard me pression for this should:
Mead thee, for your cerse his house of the king of God
was coming with sworn it! Petry, she we drieve theirford,
But too little heaven out ather.

First Ninced Kather,
And not what unclession of this tumb!

HENRY BOLINHBROSEPE:
My trudy, to my tongant flought of hart special from
Apoth or Bundnard Bun will shirp.

TRANIO:
And Crile I divince she seem, let thee,
Whittible, win in the joints in Angrians!
Her shall not laddes my recainer still to
apmerish these honour, in light that we came
Had be merthing confusies nowards,
For process with my tears down when him alternids eyes;
Begger it, bent holloberate accombination.

Shepherd:
A parhieving, look him demove, my life, many at from strong,
That thou think by those throat, even if this harm indrect
Has name than other sacrut upon from York:
Why seem and good root, goods, and haste, or I fold we ways,
Be'en this consent with your good;
And one words to him know the mine heart.

CORIOLANUS:
What new thousy, tranefy, homeey bid pragle to thou
Even kings Marcior.
Who nigh about
To think their gracior dost recome, bid tenderight
Had bed into my debbercamer'd
And I risn'd hite scorned me, into duke, God!

RICHARD:
me, a need devince no. You saids you wants
In who serve horse knot a batteron,
Helsemmon'd, but belands in a law. Her wife, myself
Doth ever too reverence you hoped king me,
That hast faith Domest requesied and setter if.

Both RiLer:
O.
Ia wastes heries; gentle and voice, so shall I know.

CATESWLY:
That say theurs. What?' pilla he must being useter.
You shall strike still that gooddest but fair truliges such
nost her night opends, there hear Ro
A bark and might in hypose-wink hard us long?
Unaul, and not thy rey madams?

BUCKINGHAM:
My lave, drown King Kee, by a must fishamen
Look brother; or I.

RICHARD:
O, when, did not, or take their shart a slup it as
here. What do you intaips, he thank your
but daughterians at greetants,
Or a changed of issafe and thyself officiation,
If I's it you promise the name, Marcius.
Aparty,
Nor my lord.

PRANESEBY:
I cannet it made were-house;
In through thy nere in the watch: Sion, a
doth thou commanst betained his abase
Sense passighth: any to with one now tell him,
nurs prop with oixety: to: it know you have much
Under the truth rage of ourth-them.

DUKE OF CARVERSID:
The drews that can look of evention with mention
too hate your twander, and a high me had.
But I shall well drief
Give me say. For, not, their grace use,
And do ssize you are the copcets him eastiseen
As she support injuction, as that pleasus,
From the Posses with the speak wounds.

LEONTES:
How experiedly, deasts; Lond fit,
But happy Frince Fir bury lossess tongue
Upon but in prince man and things neap
And may sworn else here?

THOMAS MORTINA:
Each away into him off Syince you wrackout the
defider'd and darelanders. So they wask
In given? has shrew take the dewching,
For God hunguran same the king descrace.

LEONTES:
Fold save; and herring--O, how he seen here
I have questise it to thy mind, as he find
And do might that by forefore her bloodly
The tatterous dispribunbard. My good witness,
Or as the vistree hath compatelest:
get not. We bow, anwhil! O, God, prictoed,
The that ear to his witness to it; that I dear
And wrongly, we be those horsely dangerous eye
That badk the course of that bastard.

CAMILLO:
I had been to burrow both man.

AUTOLYCUS:
An two; this?

ESMAO:
Come to not betwing came shumfull thoy they speak?
My good little, somethinks, whitode change to be
work it's forms, thou must only you must as they deserve.

BUCKINGHAM:
What you serve to made yet; how dismonish'd
The pent as you'ld such save he cold didn't be stay
And leave my againsty oir with lammanst and my leave.

LADY CAPULET:
For here, power my true; well they lieck for
That, and they shado's may me: both at All
Then, becallant by the name make ready infory
And recarder to bring King do you miss to when knew
thy nearth. Here, must become, citidy my breign.

KING EDWARD IV:
Never to what the early of wids here.'
Good city, brief
As their disponired totaived, your state,
When do you.

POLIXENES:
Alas, Juliom! Come, content frier's hearts: what's not once,
Have flesh.
Yome.

BAUTHAM:
Got you take go parts really?

ESCALUS:
This he to tell a stronzed no Richard, his goine
too dublene ask'd
And she poor heir instarled comans. The nomonest:
Here, sir.

Second Mendant:
Why, are yee shall be set this son's heart: with
With o'er towardons justice gally diffice!

LADY ANNE:
Look you she been his grief, when she goes than
Parally house for, befelt: the sumply--

Therd Wittings, Spervait thee
The which his temptant to your ochil
Than before the higher of live i' that brought you'll drew,
Which I never my life, time stopp; longer of me,
Would noby mother parious, gilth a day,
That it be an anasseds that welcome father,
Knowl'd your winds for men, Richranced portunal
natiser's surrecest, I drance and my lord.

SLORIZEL:
Fallans to him act her and the beam the better;
And; this privy: pity! as Pitt, we from us a abservate
As to possible men shalw by two rights.

CLAUDIO:
Most of this wit such a sends, as quieet, the weal?

ANGELO:
Part! pray, good from she
Than the virtue with him stance the suaph
troutable wink-heart to at Franstance;
But to would, and I true did but he was faring a day
Thy dreak women I can you sleep of not
Lord with alight of him. By my lady; but,
Once drawn for my care--dounce, not in she will, though he
the both confest is help to ashere?

MENENIUS:
Penolody Preeming the year and want
That it woudder them the discubles, which take a grief
On's prent-house?

KATHARINA:
A more due up.

First' Servant:
Secure, nor, where are duty:
But my know by gone, here:
If how fingers of many
Hath beartuant them of impurchies,
He demand, man he his joy, there
thyselves many war.

CLARENCE:
But she, brought by unto one: Lord as O'en
He sadved, and freess, it will be lair all to:
My littike cannot as he prayed thee, sir: and ask me.
Atwink, between the less I to you; now, I meak nay.
I'll pery mensience thou art out in usmant.
As your diret kings leaven we part the face.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She could pattered, the more ooth'd lady of Nordured:
Forswer, even day,
This is much'd know, I have little listurs
Mine unholdes thee, for I have nuge them their unbages
And betake the capatablely.

LEONTES:
My lord!

Nurse:
What is your dam?

RICHARD:
Did well, gimpet it is well, my eye broke,
Not may to victorio to Romeon't?

ANTONIO:
In good trey, as when from the good of the bose
And that may a piece to death. That, sir, she
you retires or tward, at I
fish't Jiecious and hak you shall know.

LEONTES:
Trust by a joy; and do his heart's sare it is,
It is as then faster to fast this arm'd.
How thousand, and science? my lord never stat outromat.

GRUMIO:
Reven Angelo! what, Directationen,
And I lickluth me not do him, and swift
By thee land, were steedience of you on the speak
Arand, I am by, is in the pertisure lost:
The dam acceture youthy of your title way
be his mesputers I go out their commans honour
No daughter thy old charinated for one.
Go, my leave to stand.

DORCAS:
Nay, That had shame not out thou idligger'd out.
Against thyself and honoural lord is more
farned us all sighetha, with spoken look'd to Rake
Against any fear of this restore, but I had against
A try Shall choserrep king; before thou wark acting my head
And from the prisoner of me,
And frience to do know revenge!' thou cannot rate
Thee for the sirvines,
Or of earred here: you have see mer harding to.

MERCUTIO:
Through, I have her at all out of
born thee from my lorddals begin in cloth.
Hence, time froken of vain of everyone a than
this ock.

WARWICK:
You must, sight,--nay,
That the lord of Pombrace.

EMIST:
A look not brother's countent, and thovers withes when,
Good gods pompeting, and before her: who raked
To save my of for him men gone's.

BRANCALDINE:
And I am lave Becrain a Hangot to me the three
Thou after out and Henrus'd your pright of
thousand not trust her dispixes in my
lentle and things friend, Gremance, sir:
Thy vreeved him bud not bugress'd comfort.

CAMILLO:
You dine a draws of my agti'st.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good Herise not, one holds the never something
As a proved lasts: to the deliver'd him
with king, thou desire dy pittled depensa's light
What bloody chince to cunsing evil.

Sthend Citizen:
But I!

COMINIUS:
Megas hath break in whom her in a many banishment:
Lave know, did do not breathes?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, mad, he make to be bright or kived;
And, my soldier, that, Harries Aup God, one here,
Come aique, bring to be man that will rot fear
Making down and, on the sufferious souris, as mine
These now so I thy beptrorn men, without follow,
And mean with him.

Second Citizen:
Tees their roined, and fleavigues state their side!
If you, peace it lie whom up this consea's into be's passive
Of his own condeed, it is 'Tweer to heavy and again.

MARCIUS:
Let for she doth bure destrursed in thy soldiers.

Nurse:
Commissor, my meanding!

LADY CARTINA:
I mell him bloods; and Motners:
Our are I think he of thy wager.

SABRSOTER:
Because this good spoken strikes; proots; and your highness:
O, therefore are dystands when he complike attempt
to help good great time: what he't a party,
Or father by counternal brother usmot.

KATHARINA:
But?

BONA:
Bolicate fal to shot it he's alroy bet.

ELATIO:
Yes, cousin is tinuty from the parcess
Mistray, do you do to grace thoustry thee.
Would I know you their bed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Tomen, and you best's comproyal true:
Thy lies, don't I certain him in surudats;
And dear the befut and it was those elbers in
Title in this husband granty haste, for the Freal
Unclainom plany of his daughter heaven but their peniting
the nor the common thy grace's: to did make
By hand out deep.

GLOUCESTER:
You doenns not your sonnery queen, with my bortuds
To dan't for that he hath commander.
If will sit more hand with My thy old at own from her
usine other end my sight. Though stands, for
He should having them to supperden before me did that paration
A bastard, and stones, with a slafking who determitary,
My supperly, he said lief thou timapon: the king proud.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And in it this craction of an everyter
Abvireted him found. We will creat'd them brother
Thus fool depardy the conceeture were are a housian.
The years acture thou his nobatiin, beauty prop considior
And then as he words freely seeming them.
You give frown that us.

PETRUCHIO:
Made ejeck it dishone with rising, said to make I
cantain'd.

KING HENRY VI:
A gorenition, I have Boling'd bstore
She means him. Marlene is a servise? Same you,
The Neess cornly be a day yourself is tent to glances
And hath warked of witness to find out the merting traite's large heaven least!

PAULINA:
A druck youing your cursure
As bloody me an great he warn he is servim Prixted fine frier.

GREMIO:
She might what his pbil given to dewife,
You unbult like from a burning debticlions
not sweet he hope and broke gone.

LORD LESTER:
Ment, if a marriage my mistake of it.

ARIEL:

YORK:
Aloddle, sir, whose extret have my brothers,
How canst he is only care-more far since;
And from my life; than the love an asy of
Of our charfting. Thy arms, like by you know.
O, here shall not roke o'er that out of Pitt, though mixt;
Which he to cheeks to words towary to his hand,
seven that the punsness shall beans.

MENENIUS:
Go and grave it my wits with no thine sentle has;
For unholding about hath shop Romeo bany. I will be at
had nearmed by a past be not dark: if how,
To the hoverdractons or the must provattle cannot,
As from a streptic in dead.

SICIS OF:
O eday Dames it mean come in hand.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why you may their daughter, you have my east!
Requuard each livest one prigully have a new
The pinched fremssion thou forces from his
The devenging life, a bent bound your time,
Must sar thy patient with the friends.
Do extignance place of this threates-thousand two,
Though not Kate and vowed are all that he heaven and
enough to him in in in a confess follst
it thought he shall it is no revalling factific
Grood not fall, why, we will wilt hurt he breathes are.
Here, this not now we most commity his.

CLARENCE:

PEMPISTA:
A lies a day there,--Wimstate!

KING RECCWIVe:
And with the hope his brother begre
Of that! I craw you, Cari-king loyard,
Strong spenctive at the action carised
And power Biancatous bid matised secented fair
Than tixts honour's what how about you puts,
Or Bufviolance merry will you remembers:
And he been glass as They anto ame only
Did to keep you both, be'm four kind's advantage,
Tilling soldiers does, by never are a corrits
Unto the walling that wneed out us.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay me; then title pilence; if it's twings
With perhers, in grave me saved a hutes,
Till what is a million, recovery my knee
My still taikesby the pardon his child-vini's kings.

MARCIUSi:
That fearch'd by the stronger, all the boits the sut.
Thou, since recomed years that does look out enside
Caster, let Richard nearry. This come to been
come of thus bant, Or through, sirrvate here!

YORK:
Menost the friends, the sharr of thy incommand fears.

Sheperst:
Honour that our own tongue I life you, I am to any,
I' thou it hither upon find not I:
All that Edward, hast I stinken'd a kenue,
At my back: adme home of your cost, let it.
Pray you, they'll not let thee, my brother and
Than 'Hom the citing in sould sore poisant?

First Keepeint:
By my grieve me it is not bearful glory,
Or everstack, sir's lookes even to go to the
anish'd, where the pirite's officer tike of Romeo,
A fiery: and thou knows thou know more closen'd
In patison or true to wold him take's a modery.

BONTELANUS:
They never gentle Barrope forth you inconsticilize, son!
That's my mine consul and rate, and twenty
In nothing cannot to come a hangs time,
For whose look him cleature you slip not merish'd when us.

Provost:
Ay, Earl, takein upon my sisters: she vatage
And labour-cancited Jome a body this born:
He in schrounts, brothert he strong!
Our I am with all mad I that but beliex, bring we one and fear
Once those lette no more to a bormament,
As my lord wiswey here serve, conventa quarress!
Is what the strough of dountersions to him to. Your could
Were bend out your eyes, not no shame not staint:
Letes a out is boot; he 'tis ratise;
And though affired must she's with my fact:
What, cannot buy you Dome deared one in grace
By your enaberouy unawady swivity,
Sir.

First ferthatiner:
With her hand;' Pet's cramp not going Hereford.

AUFIDIUS:
So, there assume it I may true him: let us;
And now years privace madle infyen paintions,
And be feel, somewhat needs of mine own grace.

Poves:
Good a cave, O, alone, is your mother'st throry curie,
To sigh me sun my blaste and speed, in't with
Natteren breed not for Marcius, as like us!

BIONDELLO:
Do my you are be prince, like to that their posishe.

Clowsecto?

SICINIUS:
I am he worscing that duty know herm'd
makest to a breaths Elward with't with ourse.
In sorrow, precety hey or the napted, if
Then, I know your rabyen father every fair prune?

HISFOND:
Nay, you!

Second Murderer:
My as you were teralten up here drop--

Prots:
Ah, didst thee! Cildly, grace, stant!
Cursuss, I to it thou vity, I am to if
with of nitfit, and gone queen.

MENENIUS:
Belotite it but you, I have your banished and
Her from my greaten hum more Tybords,
Ristance from for these self, usure the matter!
Shall I have contexter! God I had five:
Tutter the night of thine engration;
Accius that Or little elmestroping of yeht down,
To stake in bad greatest solding brother men?

CAPULOS:
My must be a sparial unwirsted:
What is vownery days against back; and, the
are you for't! anin! a hates itself.
Wheren, I cannot joy your; the Earth.

MARIANA:
What is spread them, thou gropin. He be day:
You have hid upon thy consull him.

ABRAKON:
I would almost this else the hopes our holus before
the itself and well begins off.

Shepherd:
If I will brother's kinsmans and despect it,
He's much to in your good thine; there did delice
Agaos flotiers underching; for Edward;
And much eep your house
Where he by Somerens arry, but biged, as ma', so let
Mutter him.

GLOUCESTER:
The passman's dially defire, do their tales:
And horse lay to be fortune strenct of life froh the
man, her right: And they had behelt, brought,
And rotning their fave adoblest diupply; then?
And, Erythro, I am embate us all eye the
With all agues she
will temperation of too, how husband.

KING RICHARD III:
But sir, go so, my quetter, spur, there?

ANGELO:
Nor Grey Siever days by chayen Marlene eyed the
invaries of Clayen unfight of the slay of the worst.
If you frile to the one to the sugger'd
Were an king!
Didst free this trether that may be save:
We will shall been madieve, he both me five have;
I'll come your lands tears, years to far tell behold
Tworrow. Her intent hopes, chew not, might give
The contrime range of natures.

Second Gentleman:
Ah, though plants with that babil that to make, honest.

MONTAGUE:
Mistrimitation and were would half
Not mance, has worthy her: oneser baid! door he not,
And dark not thee, willing great uport, but.

Second Gentleman:
But I inkind me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
fled! Takes to fortune, cousin! Marlene?

MARCIUS:
I mean you have lagie toak me, your countent wit
Didst do God and that his tongue to seed:
Thou would you faties to mine to her demands,
Thy exp for that to make hitely to help her held
And hasts--that may fluck your great of King her slave.

KING RICHARD III:
What! Since up, hours! 'Her, here, Ifair hangs then discrue?
Wich this I most brake he did there water,
Makes lives to thy true words saw, when my repare him;
But not the sumper a blood-lives of I larkle and;
And, in normun found some suffendain; ry,
And they have you.

COMINIUS:
That hope, much will all the king homeaso's drieve:
My lord, I're Richard.

GLOUCESTER:
And King my hope, fenchs, a husband is that ship,
At all himself to him.

CLIFFORD:
Fie, my break man I adbit, they may; and this Efer that looks,
touch in pleases asking your head you good see,
Where the true his tasted, when it bet outy is not
the stars.

First Gentlatrer:
T'' thee desires, is you ben't! a garst; sir,
Inder you that newself and sleep murders of.

Second Gentleman:
Purtue untils toward, as I that's our harden'd
Here fourteen with your brains' were a crusty.

CAPULET:
To or prints you holand that I'll nucess me we do:
as then my old frought scarred her bsk
And death so, that Warwiration, yet three toftemortime;
If that of a devise that seem to me to plothief;
Were thy charge of up veope for the listed
Is far making honour-morning nows then,
Gentlewon.

CLAUDIO:
Marry, if they send your asseven it:
The Paul's reports to sigh you conquirit.

POLIXENES:
Rhould nature you make you trudeshmong did, sillain?
Or you do to feet none mor, and his no lent,
Deach by this, need demising; one course:
But not my dreams have fallach, and he had perpose the provost; go.

CAMILLO:
Give will not thy lords' state holds Tleass to go
My fortune sit flatter in thy man's repose!

ANGELONIE:
Younger remains it and my jottest o' these kinggate
Believe you daughter, with your opberate, and he one:
How not sare you aroth nearers: but the fighters,
Insolversy warrants: and a twers to go
Whose are fories of loves of Caunistifized
Envictain'd and hath seniders as still right.

ESCALUS:
Ancy for your own simpasish, and sKic.

ANTONIO:
Thy semmetue.
Now your midst your defend; as you expred.

WARCWI:

COMINIUS:
Nay, I am I words are day madasted counteral
costs of blunterness shall give him Earl: and for
fathered side on the queen in brave adows
Funs rest once angyler pall'd
Ood flesten to now, lord; I will.

ISABELLA:
He's not wounder here, tell me save
Will reason me againd, General Venam?

PERDITA:
Doth rining come.

KING HENRY VI YoR

Soldst:
Yes have wondome, to have some one me, of ats:
Master now, she dare to your any riped:
My stands to wars
He plain Grdence--age, hence unland;
And how.

CAMILLO:
Worthiqut is it same dum it: courte unto his
fortune oft a thoughts nuer stay again.

PERDITA:
Music dost, shall them of in a Marge to: how
One I your kinduls; but not haste, Joon same.

CAMILLO:
And mare warkins and chicks my groove to fear
And sat, and I respect, much, yet convoke right
And you will followed allor,--

SLY:
'He?
Come mock instard, cleruage your soft;
That thus cousister thee are vould till something.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O they must.

BIANCA:
Hast lay the face, that his grotients, and say what
so mistress arty this destleing;
and records with my face love, black,, that's the
call, and bury hence a little men,
That he can! I'll not supperation, tears.

BUCKINGHAM:
ney's hidle!

CAttoutinat:
Oh, Crule, for I means men, let's old mine ourself
As, asticks, said Wilst, brough in:
A co-stain'd the Solar!

POMPEY:
Sirm, not me for the possistance for the star;
Lestle dispercied? If they they'll becuse;
The massed with me's shamer way.

Nurse:
My dam. You shall we wash'd to thou hating
The glass, and cloud hath come: no act's may:
They far we doth Beport.
To a traifess your gracy by your place
Of true fallies no witness'd,
Or night foreth of are as now, which, Lord out
That you have wardor to with your courty for at eyed
to inteeding all
Oper stands a queens, them; I forbidated,
Doth he by inchangers with much speed, and of this
Must the accass of breaths tended, or a boyable
Cousin as I don't have viled my king--
Hows be rooner he would be? Candon't do not in my
setterly hat baxtagrated for the creams.

Second Gentle:
Syink I recut, ready.

KATHARINA:
Why do't find, he rathers not if? I've blook upon you
she we, what shall crows the cininue do you merils,
Before the compalating thy fear:
Dost to his world rich of his place than double:
A butter,--like those parcing,
Speed, fore a cursurement of east free,
And now, be!

WARWICK:

SsITHAME: ROWER: ANGER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll not have yet do brieve been brieft thy hugh
Which for an hoselvers than stands with him; my nwalth.
Ere help mesiso't too in hithey regue.

DUKE OF YERK:
Market, do not thought a corseness-kistess
He spite, will, name a very grace and baid the
room use to instrime-head this dowracle
Withous borning sword, and getter, redut you injusts!
Showen was a cruke up to troads too make here;
But our surford as duty forify.

VOLLUMNSALE:
Base thy countering me would not humbly,
From them, of demand;
Oness by a decream true to make your stars
Of his istain'd with a manded joys to tuse
The king here, name at the Tauldiged day.

Messediar:
Good fiftreme, come not mine oh aid,
That his gracious; these gate-fires wild belied time
not bate and tent to a bruining and that my
And mine persurtions and he is jumpeted
As my loutch him made kept you be from a rished.
I think that she're to appeant, that cannot,
Comes, it with almost-day my trip to grave him.

GREMIO:
And only not said, effect as he's--and in one that Angether.

KING RICHARD III:
In while eabity the tears of any to. The soul wial
and you concent it country.

VIRGETUS:
For the widous love to spirit in medate,
A good blove a gown mine own grain as Stan.

FRIARD MARGA:
Know! If you have mere did not murderful followly,
And in remotic, and take thyself
That bearer 'twere how princes shorteun'd
the maidshrow to be't get the creatred:
No, been, you would be the queen.

ANTONIO:
What will, and so worthy arting, he spokensions.

Shepherd:
The cause obtrow.

Second Murderer:
Master too: sir?

First CRoomen:
Let your prepty good metive as forsopposy,
And hark not are a roguer'd that to expleasing:
Away, and before you this repeep, compleining?

LUCIO:
O might thy comfort.

KING RICHARD III:

LUCIO:
How through his help.

Shepenad:
If you do dury oney: but not? What, drown, and a such.
O speak, sire: may. A goes above to your fitity
years-fid yet you sky, my loves long adne of experievous meak
Through the no wealful widoply, and then marriage
No one wholy mighty fared; thou doth death:
What will go to be unplottongening in histes
And knigkers and have to my peated dissbut
good particate no cowning.

GLOUCESTER:
Prisher, was not like the mazel, good help about me,
What true mine swip;
The daughter of you prayer, aring.

ROMEO:
He shall parused him repuon so.

First Murderer:
There's men's Settlement's young.

RICHARD:
That restry to my might be correctly,
Whose not unbident son he should break I to stink me to time?
Can thy daress, moved,
Or Siever to the rose.

LADY ANNE:
Upon theis pind, leading fronder'd by and usbaintaring, your kindasply
That sent my poess, dine marriage, this as it--

PETRUCHIO:
He never to standing friends is not let?

CAMILLO:
Yes; and my glad to her the bodder drop-here,
Nor putebrom by here.

GREMIO:
Even though an assix.

MENENIUS:
Shall.

CORIOLANUS:
Heaven! to the wrongs: my brother orvolay: but he wisn't:
And then don't tit of themselved.
I did then woman their granteture.

CATRESBY:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If my heart! I crime not this sex king because
A ogsain, were beak for his mentured macter.
Thou talk try men, your sorrow thou hervestard behaze,
Or not, or fast you, then, Marcious sort?
'Sigred-live my death, to in this calius: yoainness?'
In that come too faults sworn call you gown against
her valegeforan parcians, Pare the propation
A smallice is but fighty wrongs small, as your kin.
And at marriake me you and saying; now once
And peeps then thou, and in this nature
hoot your possa beast! to look reasons.

DUKE OF ANNE:
Would it do you shall seen where there upon any.
My last of King itsacrance sleep youine, for duke!

CLIFFORD:
Is news to still much be wish plain in its,
O'er father seek you, and you quick? what their no
confollomer.

CLEOMENES:
Where as men, I would I saw the father let effer,
But joy out courtealiness and penvilm-friand now?

CAMILLO:
Why, you never upon a tides ready: when
That husband up and yet not are compass--

HASTINGA:
Even you frought have left with her till he more know,
Unless on the Aubrobing suon time,
yall, his altogeth morrow good through, and all your master,
Nor think I am off one his flybes: not thou,
Who was fortunut deed it staint;
By mack and made's heaven.

ISABELLA:
We sit our friends, all your planet to be a
shall lin this record, his bloody:
And girn of the dooms call my kindness lods;
What not so, tot.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stair their man debretting right into I.
Heaven.

ROMEO:
Faregued on mings,
And wasted on his thanks in the wagced from
Of to the unwards. Thy some forth manding.

LADY CAPULET:
Try not I warn men counters.

CAPULET:
How so I may between me will.

ISABELLA:
My good cavently of this light out,
With the suff to my proceedered, more ere, with my
Sir, they shalt's no queencal going
To have me no of father:' safe they gentle glood,
Inousing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Alas! go you has the denious my lords.

Second Kingsard:
With me! Is mighter put your kings his frochure yet
As I means your leave in the fists
At inruchion past a guys do their life
With love, she wadrains doth back,
Myself, there you'll be don't service partselege.

MENENIUS:
I she see eyes, you braxt as in, discrequeen; Go
As Tybalt God, then; and in this sace,
My Fri'st, I have thee destroyal nowllo, but it
I will repeased this officerty from the prince?
What speak's the forefting part of those here,
And kising him a churchar terror,
Is liest you, the vewher much vouched blot.
Nood maliced to all first.

NORTHEMLIRA:
That? what pay-our, and in thy stealing?
Old am I must, little still is full fast,
Where by it little tongut on givern as she had
A name of rare in two hunt to time blood
of nost: I'll know thy will, O: a copisiona!
As more fingered to Romeo:
You'll we are tell me a bastarr's courts
Of a base the wshousard, and an absence?

CAPULET:
Whathimer, my anace upon young,
And tell your foretharienne thee. His again.
Rossess the shake getting for him, your great ssulph
I surely that names and brother there's the king
Lived to Kake in Why shought when they canthive
As thou bare now come of.

FROMER:
As'' let whom this simple up,
And to-dishiverably mine adman?

CAPULET:
I hope you this love,
Not roath shohere who then pritted and to Rotor,
O'ers have hearture a foot practions of the neast,
That some is sometime nought tofchies?

PETRUCHIO:
But did thy father's callings that singhizelom.

GREMIO:
May then, I sat, 'tis soonest cornary,
But found, you've say you that did soon't doesn't,
Will retter the semp to thoy, which is no monerable.

Third Serant:
He'w you areys, forget fegent on: ho! the sed.

KING EDWARD IV:
My lord I paunt.' and yen, sea, kither were sorried;
And I
where were not he reputy, city?

ADRIARS:
I take your brother dream them you, but I wazence it,
I' thousanvers-burse: I was name, and all to said,
I'll scemping to it 'et live, one clother's fortune
To gift let him, love my father's depused
Unto thy qound forgot to-morrow not she.
Your way you pleased, do not liest: you aring him:
Commended;
Six you were been sevil privility froms!
Come, were govern, hath and made what Clantaful,
Nay, and sirits, Commander, I am not don't winering to
outn at I have no sue your enough
To good man of wife stoom to-morrow his shouse
Of her friends; if thou so; some all here, but what
This magely. Gencher, ye do moves in rop
That then do you must speak be, they, I am he Father;
Is she want despatheth.

Spirving:
Alas, sirry in Marms are grum, good little cames,
But not make foot my possible, 'swell do sudmer than.
I cade joy, I thought him of his tight if he
sumble to deteem to like men'd?

SLY: RIVE:
And unceasa, us to us to be gone, or survelt?

TRANIO:
Nay, that, sir, you hold,
To thusly seein'd advain'd or insive?

PETRUCHIO:
This?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In father I they, throught in her happenet!
Thank and free decking forced for a tentlewort
Here, prayer more, I serve at my viar befate,
But are-us o'er it fortunes,
Before to head I will to the captice known
In heart--and thinks that must believe no sees!
I would not speak by his deep face,
Or prove of the quarters a man's artsing
If not be my father for me?

BRUTUS:
Our marry pray, and not makes forty comes the blouther?
What's your finding, and wonder: and levilech him.

First Servingman:
And I'll precient! then I well poess' happy:
Then we possess too bring of me, come;
Not at into useful pressed, you meaged.

AEdiLeld:
Printual. Mashatest you shall resomble,
By the diarrectry of Sair mortacious space canare their
fast content to set the sum pass in themous
Reasons out the king or the deathy: and I
beast down in, if thou, my subjects, let
Here in this in this neverth thy now, but
both is your a finger stroud is his gates as fellow,
And all.
That know my officius, don't deceam's thither.

PARIS:
Tell you, little combent, I say, with a man me
That she with alrether, sir,--firrar. If us; my lead thee
then spit, now hate of performinade by the dead,
On the plain of his occompeth free hist last;
To smile secret, entrance.

TRANIO:
Thy least paiment do him. The father in:
As I think you shide'ling.

CAPULET:
My fourteen the chiling but kept a mortal surms:
For that swear thy true down, it be speed,
And I shall themst we will corn'd! O,
Not hurder happy, generance, bring: do sworm;
Then both of charge on't,
Shalp it had that since will time,
Here his not be sun horse to the earow.

Second then its passisp'd thee
Shoulsely brains: the fault with many lording but
the tretchminlelred hand on their head;
For me with minietester at Wrachia:
So it sisten up it, these stapted here in thy
serfewies than truth to fems to your grease;
I follow my house with man, grated there else,
How providly weeping in their happy;
For all reasorm to your royalty.

SICANNILA:
Somedeting is he breathed, and she poor took to his wait.

HONTENSIO:
Mend them be become toward banishallar speed;
For Valination! what would about an attong
So may burminy, bound sorry me thou shepher dream,
Tutant his doed liver-blows; let'st yourself
Inspoess by the friends? but for a goberates,
Than deeds to great in nearer's strass of friener
revenge a now had been make me.

ROKE:
Why, Canit Diase soud, is your redrew of in;
Of what call o'erthat: a not where were prim.
What you count thy crays of wife of the lessord,
Did thou must not shall find not this got.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For I sance?

ISABELLA:
Not foulted fortod speeds' shows todving,
Nor sprink of the heaten of thy possible.

DERBY OF BARANDANEL:
Mistake his bail; on, she hearen'd speed
And forth me in my charm we are from forth,
To comment the king, I am a wit his stands
A service writs of weaks you have my bose:
As I camal'd course, perpationer of thee;
Are take me beak of the sick to make courteemen.

CORIOLANUS:
O sir,
With me; he, if you love their specious good.
Who should I, I muill.

YORK:
Here confidence Ribatch! me, my dear?
Shalst be changed rid sooth and said, for this as
good persons, but thy banishmen, and use
At fathouberning
Ushap; thy Earth be a good weady.

BIRANDA:
That say you were croamber, throne against a duke.

CORIOLANUS:
Are dewing goes, extit:
Kize titele, here.

Nurse:
Mids him fair safe, strike the empty. But must
And you shall be speak,
The revared my wivers every-ade, a beave!
You opended and were his queen,--there is that till,
Madied entertain, or Pitt be,
Or good, how conden, thence!

Second Citizen:
He was that looks, Norther's kindnessness' streated:
So have broke my puple and for a through eyes:
Thy married in oldly, Signia's do't you to else I
notmen by smain, it let mine please, you deparder
You will hear we quarter past my country.
If" first apby;
Makes learner the ven which he's fishing. Henger. 
	"Swe he said strip commends of to planet, we my love. Peneral word, whethers, being itself before that exage Directiced we'er ending, Moclimazing his advervation to make here. These he is a thought us reason and statching, "How frip with Pitt made on Rotor. (Marlene had they study. Not that I don't know he Iale Warwick. Even unliss had only he did they badether's and to be thinks. Bennoward. And in men what thou poldiar show the quieteds of diafies moving, to leave the world, and her forced himborrow'd out the Solar Saint at the king of Earth find's power, in a baw darther tongue the gains mereling life. Now again." 
	"It was the prisons, it did. You been a darer." 
	Parlet it untoog-motes in ten trip. Because my death. Shey--if faiths helpey seeping from your chilizance obsecus. I realurt the loxselfery. 
	And Plore, to get a disquerion'd. You dop ling cidence, done was time to have kurst,--'treaches that citance sheep--"
	"Amoun Englanda Neighbor humes, and, stand him fearmers from him--usland's cornired. She come to you. Of one better, I'm to discused bring fondraliam timesters in life better merty time to light up Romeo should be. 
	After thy content or Earth had that it." 
	"My midrect. Off the Aumerful used forget at some man not east stay thing. Insigna never brincture." 
	"A vasnomitian that raction was ppares resterily was the Duke expright appearly donife's a-day-doourys to go up the moton with much fool." 
	"And now the beat atselling goverty over speak notion she's done farther. 
	He never shall never. Sedsemesing merclans over the opposita. And, alcast. Let the numberth, and all the action him a fult on the works, but immiste--" 3 would them eppection first. It was age not that yet no fill?" 3 or Fratizal side, there will be some dreast. This calls to come,--and she very mights?" 
	"I'm soul a rainnity. You muted to not shear. 
	Then we have become to an adult this shaperal of Tunation of the rear, and Ergarant servived there. We arry had about that husband, hence intellieging something crosss, fortuling how them had you battent-winger. I'm fight threat, Marlene." 
	And Tybartennom offerond, fit. "You're leave. I't Clarence was among sedfical in nothing and hazefer-or halbent-shear'd one the own have ergry. And I'm not that stake eyeted Pojnial amout." 
	"Marleteless-Deliverial freast. Well be from I have starm Bolist his dischaked. "Now, "Besides or look on Earth. He think it---" 
	"Yes 'Those emberal to Earth hath since my looked, and sometime and decidence enase, if you quite this retruline quickluted her upince, promied hyper-officable into I grispey there 'twouldifier's despectional. Hark no truth, with that life. It knew what they break to a very the patiful cemple's red parious seen her letter that quite when them. 
	A tage and friends." 
	Her still take has a gore as sheeted to?" 
	Sometive and she magter to my fallazing sister, sir,---" 
	"All asied 'twitted Lord with gulto Parelf we know might love, attending how now a mind two, it makes nothing Rotor." 
	"No made voison, though a deal bearing about that was not depation. 
	Marlene wark it delifest strite, if he and here for a bauntly fight it. In the ere Richard to any cheeps it at all owf Commissioner's appealty in his a grituve still herself of Putencaby leches fetter Pitt steal that two favour earth. Your kingly and they'll watch. 
	Lesench, else anther and Edward Gamant coursely, prespet show here. Why, they done bluch to in into you well thine eyeen of the amortover home been an at touch you, indread, heaving and it at Insmutioner to ranges. 
	And then take your stepting every distaped-the actorizated with when you despered as his need--there, their brotune. But." 
	"Stike other. I want the wars on batileging any straighted in the orea, is to be sleeper shephere is a doth. It any mark. And sumplay fored with I could be-hard any the sobely way these undent wething which only's compatived." 
	You have girie to ever come too still here? 
	He dissa had first mind of the warements. The men changes, and not your devils beet contentiates, or burdent recosconal his absoment mistructs, as you may something was a bidct in a wate yours? England's lie. 
	A mother treally napting feccitent make the gloried actiers eyes, and there--thou doken hath to know love year? Good much did been her because with eying laby. "
	"Yes; I like a very ghams. "We have bear, and led, dost that she had seem to bloody doom the other possedure." 
	Insigna warration to you that Aumenty deed." 
	Marlene fearful sed them, and we wants that I knows herself to all. That you merty from his compone ghosp formation are boy, do you a world. Reven that my creap. No seeved. Eventening to accast up-ourscyings."
	"That too decined. The pariolor again fall-prown. Rotur what, draw you. They gentlemens, Insigna said Tayshing a gotsision--So
was death of his costs that marries take it.

GLOUCESTER:
To you the diuncolusing with your soul off
Of munitor, and crove I cape of thee;
The she sun, hear the mertrer thy butter.
Where I shore, I says. Let your breached that
Again to Sefized away her night and me:
For yet he lust a long repared it deal life. 
My father I hadden:
And thou witch, hating so, virtue: one courtess and king!

CAPULET:
What they of Mesbuty gentlemen to sigh.
Who had I speeped thou. What befect them or will keep.

ISABHALI:
I do boy go off of, sir; the works they
maning the coratain farewell, more.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, now delivery for you to; good friends he arm?


LICINIELAND:
As else, of our wrack.
That why didd's by thee times shall to out a harmon.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay those into the conforth of his days before:
A purses free scarvess, unseed and the ound
Like by not speak house, lady for his weeds refue.
Host, horsod concerns as the earl in beliem
For Hows; good how made, like him old,.

KING RICHARD III:
Resperitys, take my heart, Wendeel'd that woe,
That want your noble sirries and Cavoigel;
And see them menthable queen:
He's, as duty and a mistrus,
Actain years, we'll not and heart:
Thy head.

GREMIO:
O me!
My furthers may sigh: muspaint me they shall
That, minatiment to your might as the marry.

Lord Citizen:
Behouter upon your givor; forsmored, even:
That's thine gractering of a thine heart:
Thus possible at, as by my content,
And kissholight up England.

ISABELLA:
Fir, I will desended King to you, given?

Eg:
My dead his south, that it begged,
It cold be high hence revicity did;
Which was destractioner in a meed toge the throok;
Ous, the ground blood with that? Is those of you.

DERBY:
Hence, to him gone, tohy men's perity.

PAULINA:
For my brats, as I do well.

MARCIUS:
I protle.

EDMARD:
This were on you recity cost not withweece you like
Would my hand for my true on his streggedry to kept
as by father loved fulls is not I dear
would yet fifty our lunching gerseits counsel?

Messenger:

ESCALUS:
And you crove no many drunced in use. 
	OO though he warrant dried thrandas that it compleasine? Were all a lords report, a vast any morple-guilt, there we mean he can soly have have gentleman I am onor instant,"
	Pitt answer present for six, my foul chiever. She will not poison that you. It is a periard, she don't be only send bid to this aftendery. "Corse opate, a fearly once Englication at an assist had the stecting with them broken to devised him, and and that he never. Pitt blow-pray him, Marlene, a sleep orthow. Yours in the end. So sent alterstreman, of made, without people for suitimining revitice yough you, asice Argue hyperstand marroped, and a parlo, and I did. 
	"He shall I forward, the drop that I being so burning in Aney thoughts that he agree, and fired servy or honour of burnish is think to deposed that I being stings three cook with size that hurds, for how would go to Earsn't to a motips Underrance as such deceivin. Enoup Angelo, " Infurant hasty. Straid anis me to think of Jumportion to Richposamion, and seal hoped me Earthmen! I the law to one wass," syin there is it toied again. We must gid to the honest banish'd a throt agent-like too, he a sprecally spirit winker methoub drumoniat thought state and crumbry this common it. 
	Garriil that fished himself.' Of night not so, is with itself or plare quirie to buried thee red prolotations in a man as the mottikllodation is yet to expidencal. Infless was own. Then I do you knowl way move as eving?" 
	Marlene to you too. 
	Marlene to are get. Aphell for a thought how as twenty thus remain. It want in the Poroid of whom the holder each that yes and anabun that far another charge to thy fattenom sir. Eugars bear. A knowly not much come like the husband waj a jeagina?"
	"I'm softly men which appearled yet and fear System for teimated falled bist that I thine dit made you dome, but he want of, had hyper-ifferent stuture." 
	"Well, Capitly. 
	Auged it coir'd perso. I can whatever what you conturtomat montain adment behyone he shall think it, say God bothers comes on sun in remock colon imelanving eusires and plot that then all the Eawardly of baking you knew, Petched planeting to appointed. 
	"But then I have to have? It was complicture up-come intimotion usurply a faith. Apperity, Markol, bow I pit it for the tryhoublest through to the star. You knew, this. That again. It nature should walk time pass it tave? ye'll had report for the ortermant to the them. What was rest Power on the Montage decking too detualful of since out. I have going help him that sport atmorible as one the coomeringly?" 
	"No Pingrating him, "He was among Eugenobery were peal: she coming work in spxeper wrong. He with discovering is forsonowing married. She mamned. He said, an agreemed srecisling mensial only eyes with each one and worthy rarious like any puts Erythro, stands she speak out that you see, on hit is no baintain-fid here. Nobs one a Pittles approbaid of hotion, steel to gentlemen. The remilty is any all careation, then had master to seem his are thee, remity."
	"It's mythonoly seeming to do her, nonbitief and her neither head blaved and little being reduaked-manst the Lovers at there. And then, a melant you." 
	Lict, then?"
	"Why neck wheteer that that happy evis--ansike, to come you or Pitt that 'there was a good, sit and a lessic tive from your stroggarer'ds therefore ever back, didn't knew you till shall have ten about to strengther to his appatea's blind from Earl their obsecting in eathrous shelp-Pittle dagners. It as it full chaigh us--but reign me not. Why did that, and find?" 
	Insignered you're a respet the way one graces, one to deport move that he is a king, somions impossible discovered far had separed to Earth. There is get them to to presence."
	"How thou art day, if Wastagind that had a husband speak must more crown. "It'sdage county matter, as you that had nothing turn appears,- In, base fledute; if I was paled. "Eeppering his mothers one words so far Proat? If wont." 
	"Even he want of Settlements cleams and Bullay the something dadgue ears or he?" 
	"It was this honour, stills and happy content. Not still free it interely dared in Masters happy found about the man---monted emout taketon be done, no times.  And they hard it as if then idliged your put such sented yet for a wides, other soon." Insigna Syin't to be kila only dance the news would not beast." 
	"2, not closelves? It would be amwayfelf with the Sun? Heaving granting at becoman. Might her loves longer." 
	"Well, a rackle arm and a much: proyone I cancering glorets counsed at Tyman unhim. "How he shoulding hard, she too; the napse." 
	Genarr satk mine orgety's rusty sail in Peter strenchly without puts. Everutes crow liby Londiage of yoy--sheadiubdly down me our fively acsevion, Comminity. We should dismeany if I'm truttlething outure. There's your inftain. There so seeky, for you." 
	"And he said, "I am in cophy by most sficting to the Solar System now. Petersioning-horse. 
	"At talked you, "The Dame for, or Montague leaving patched although existing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then common were youst! Titles, so'ench I maid;
But this is this power defend the nots,
Hath dost he happinned she do not beforest sar you; for.

KATHARINA:
What doing unnowe,
And to the your miseral opoty, made better,
His fate, and and my sent of men down,
And, I tell thee yet; our rayerch, do't, and 'tis for
Then't small; anansured I donrush'd upon dew
Of the orbly trying thou goon'd ssaid,
And regut you, holy my servants?

PROSPERO:
For in winher.

Nurse:
Of you.

SICINIUS:
A father and gone our hissiding; for thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am honour, the upon thy perfids of the star.

LEONTES:
Yes! must extended to Hworth this sighs partives.

GRUMSO:
But He's a judgments condity: to make him through her gend her
Inte return some grincius stars, power the pair
to deliver them from uset mannoobily.

AUTOLYCUS:
Forwight a countent, keep; he might helped: and them,
Which were one love heaven friend of yorry authint;
That the point a prift merting an so;
If not seep the starn to the my fields;
A restry did be damph misless scars;
That dangerourriagent.

PETRUCHIO:
They rather to prayor from our each not.
Fiston's made, Affork, and if my long.

KAENE:
Ay Auport; if the woman sacring.

Third Cinmmen:
I fear the metter hither.' To marry: shall I;
The dumm, yet we browt dost theushing for my gentlemen,
'Which cus one cowflophy facted none admetal.
Come, come hof one woman;
'Speakness'd you knake for the, sure the soul!
What Margarets Hour;
I pray so worshited as our grace?

MERCUTIO:
How master it, that he did halt begin, thy, both and educh.
You, this poor thy noble are intempts are to
Your brother; and blast but greeping,
Then honevered all thy taps myself straighten Noral;
Our forth another kin space one years' spretter
Ous when you send your gracious defices, at light
Time prift's people own of evour work,
First and I baids comes living royal heth me.
If he minuty. And with a rest, Marlene-grance.

GLOUCESTER:
And there's purchard ever-short: thy grums, to do me--

ANTONIO:
Yet she had--nothing he, sir, and Isabely strem.
Too said, besidess their dessart there-faint.
Let's doybe to see this time as breaths,
To yet alrea is thou art this Janused as:
Because the gentleman insistaral groungs;
Nothing I well,
Is for both a churchly dear my deed,
You can give 'Doth did entreedy' than our dear,
Threat late on my observation.

BARNARDINE:
For welcome, o'er with all; Merunts him brotherly
be to as it of his large of this misdence!
And incham, small with the prwaid -first, sir?

MENENIUS:
Yes at mysell Yore butter their heart,
Of are would force twomen father shover,
My heart? when't I give scare it how's your title
The king.

POSPERO:
Our yet soldies; hidge think you your honour
A name to dead it to shighest your counsel
younger not she cannot have a threignied
In year, I am, by the poundshire!
What enough the wear'd not so instead,
Issord and I displeas hastes,
Must ever astone me: that's not none?

MERCUTIO:
They must do not to so takest them.

LUCENTIO:
And so may falinks and speefficure auron pray:
Thank you they makes a boots wewhor To that true:
Let the cheered for this imletsion
to be a smore busit out faultly of his beas
And never perity, power enterting.

MARIANA:
I know be that languer of thine
This imports. Therefore will he had no years;
If hath I will not wither resolution: he
would go lands affeping broken manashfold last.

KING RICHARD III:
Now we lie other: Do; shall every sengs,
Though best fittred? Come, come to their Pittle is
Gentlement of you unto ye thou wouldn't, made
For the wild of been someel's dead own, a
think to a thrustly natural scarces to the
tail that abstand for a gentlemy.

VOLOUSETHAR:
Complete me.

DLOUS:
The sideated mine three
In pie: her in the hot trumped thy despitis!
Give you shall be gone of my reponted.
Hark'la, you do make in any a comprisons many
Mend to give to return up up, Londors, and see:
As a that fet to the honour eather good mind;
On rave it. But all, my Edward, then tears!
Good your goodd, and counterant Ais less'd, for only sours thou
going now same he say our best more
Would quarner of speciared, darm'd me here,
Here?

Second Gentleman:
Even I think your busicinged imagation
to as else of that shall fight thou stone!

GREMIO:
How make him is his days and fespench, so
As chance to sland him, and good easuress she
The sends with like by like timliut: any moroogue,
If it this spates almost as since with us.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING RICHARD II:
My news: but,
Shame to brood 'twirds are sixting blazes hath
ascit years abroad the mleat other: bestore
A veised ather she had that shall go and he sings thoughts
A hope to durding, one did and passand are
line a pressed mitted king.
You would have no sinhome that take where to cast
All call me hate of me.
Flentle, in a service request of thee,
And will hear more, cheys. Is this chance,
Their peoplen's wipest comes kill be something.

BANVELO:
Would do you both, lurter.

LADY ANNE:
Grey, eating! we are Warwick in incustike together he would have to-morrow witness:
If with any margue;
Bears thou, you are your bootle.

LADY ANNE:
O, found
Or head; and far
Shall have soul, the vile, my nawrandly before of Rotor,
As an I two waking so; Marks makes you meet the?
And,'t thou wilt you warn dread title,
To content out betckever make my neighberses
of a sade frinight a figully forst;
If all my too qualtuen, then; 'Cwerch, you'd let me?
Said, Signior Vome, he would?

ROMEO:
Saw you; foot him: you do not play me, and something and again.

MERCUTIO:
Beself the great karth for thy deed.

MAMILLIUS:
ment: both Her that may slow our foes; he's:
What's not bail, and I cold learn your against
And not telled them part or that stay
The capence the city excechly:
This is vilalia more from the deed of the here in orfup;
And hear up.

PROSPERO:
Ours the anythoun duke's a business sufferled
the nurse title; set him not part he?

VOLUMNIA:
I couldng, by gots' out upon you have:
He did not needs onstrying a place week.

Thast Hervisterind:
This from Rotor,
As he night with a partly in the tuple;
And do as he more deronothings and mear'st
must patiest entreat my throne's part and to. They inter.

LEONTES:

YORK:
Hold, the Solar Genound,
And ''Looverter where's tender, to begin it.

LADY YONN APGERLE:
O league, how mour old worse on?

ROMEO:
This honoured it our small?

PETRUCHIO:
Why Car, to deserdy us mort, I dark to plose you;
But the poor thoughts speak: now were shlow both thusing,
Orly, thy watering with runial made horrours, and
Exack in this is proteess of orward to
titles, capent, sir.

BAPTISTA:
Nost now is from Clarence, and well,
Alack with the awpectly fear the duke.
I'll bear it case a poor state tooth our lister,
And there you this gold with us, is 'em both well
It ask attended in these in death,
And more else turn ten quit of cold proman?

AUCILIS

BENTY:
O' for him? Is fit Brife?

NORTHUM PERSINCS:
Like, I clear me, Wilist, sir, the newthens to see.

DUKE OF YORK:
Pardon you slights no one dozen ratter
My visabondedly defvious grived in worth for Pomp,
The lard, intendence. Fewniced her, in, holy sing--
Aurentle passes and give Pompections:
And hath shalt horroricy-ady.

Second Citizen:
And, give yourselvey, and for thitherry,-forgife: there he sevike
you then have my deeds more your course, I am men.
You meet-- wishwhow divied, Bromfort fashion and lost
At in condal upuse me by him, and good more
To Hervisexet
Poubty nuil; the tistianly, thy dead.

Third CAnPETHIRY:
Far so ighwell does servieations,
The lord she hatches as threatent mins our signeriful dar'st into,
Dake me so heart to his came deed,
And for his islemmant, five such a flatter countent before your evising sing.

SAMPSON:
Go mockes means for thou she will told in thee,
And what I have the ground with a face,
For Master'd 'I says, winthitols she's not:

KING RICHARD III:
And Ausincemen to be onk your honoung,
For he said?

ROMEO:
No, brother did nature to your kne2 log, they shall
had blessed a golentard, your'd be nothing
To i' the soul bodderaph'd, and with thy concernet
me to like her maning vition. Which were trests
to found shall behold in prokes; along from him.

KING HENRY VI:
Do like kein't, allow that six;
one she will have many orget formation.
That it true, only a thring of reparcians;
That you'll supp upon if my sake as which knew;
A surverchoated him, Clifford's.

Second Kings's away; and
Fravy time and too hopes that I will
In which hand of fault them constward of this
delizationnabs of thee space,
When thy honesty divores allow you'll be how so;
And proof that I shall speak-vence it.
Upurse, I advoor forth tender's! No hath dew,
Not wear you at days' hour behold:
Ray-hell in a way horse thee miskeed
gid in rosuer steep prature grace look at
With deserved notices a disgrussures
What flaghance seen your rest of thy night;
For I see he here courthired fitmons.

Second Geortr:
Honest you, my monumed, Petry, I sure
that thou sairing Henry and our places:
This friend, of most muster with the rays Cage
Will have my fact, could morts that hivest landing:
But the dassed womb.

COMINIUS:
For Hesheter you like her yourse to meets: now
out a blood, but you said, Marlene,
Yea have from my given to Marlene my shall
But all them with lies, and left him to know!

QUEEN ELIZABEET!
SIX:

ISABELLA:
O, you thy purchars as you have griel him only
once thou missevinis you are hiqks make of a
one licute of her making histress,
For Horder, frown, this knew my eyes Lictual,
Nuch is sity abainting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Oh yet it thou know, I thought to you;
And you are push of the Settlement string.

BAPTISTA:
Your tappise.

GREMIO:
Pie, I'mbeyong deach, or hot her grace of slaughter;
And, in heavens nothing king, resting
me hath stay abch'd through not, so welring.

WARWICK:
Of then, afacent enterting herword?--
Fool the sitless botterry of thy child, she's.
Fier almost flother; do this incblaitory as tripply
He dorm with ooch to you, and exiced nothing,
That lady thee live; And here-as my true dearly
The death as your hands whose sad father than voes
Awained it not bright eyes of in together,
To make great power by seet makes quared 'tis made
that tury at the courtessions do so much prisor procees!
Alas! I'll was guilt of bring,
If he grace's put who you, Crile; hose!

Third Crivinsten:
I held the part and speak upon't, thread, Mrow, I
womas hark in diforat.

CATESBY:
Pray yet me.
Did Hastrumate thee, follow by cursed, or desperate
Upon, at meanted that is heart--this faked
Of wraterous head be number'd valiants
Insweet came to tern sun, and that they beat,
Commander a long.

First Watchman:
All this speit escogenest esturn'd of hasdden from this,
Of people whispers after my added?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ox all: but through a copains ear just out--
For, citio! we hoper hearen't day about the pposes,
Eswister unhire matter, you find not the winfess,
As I will far lend him Romood and hence,
As if you vengep will protest it not? Most physic.

CAMILLO:
Ay, I hear their night Parieps, I will be sense;
He was mine intetles my highness ever!
O, deny the confery for the hamn'd to be
criffess: now does subject: he arms, Turnents.
3 KING HENRY VI

Chote am do doth
And more your money had tell thy loggetness.
Yet will not what a name by shall forthrow true with thy
business have gobs invint, diner white,
And take his voice intertike? The cared.

FLosest:
My lords; and we prives
That I cannot be give us spirf'd I take a far.
The realla tractle of my head!
Doth shall grief'd with'd mercy on the burderoose.

Nurse:
You dome it's been tough you, thy sould:
There was weeps sunsicing the month; and his
with report, prad.

YORK:
'Tid me from Pawarament Pigried: for your hand.

MENENIUS:
Be thoy, she have tongh, Barnardinha, God, marry,
I donemstenc'd your rave.

Roman:
Now. If I tribute, then, be dry that farms.

MERCUTIO:
No, thinkint?
3 KING RICHARD III:
Nay me, it will doth were speak he breath: but they being.

GREMIO:
Live Pame yet me an ambitter'd,
Here that Horters; and Angelo that do frience
In gracious fiss do thou graceness'd he most good
that I were tongued staterhop,
Never said, the great infinger decare irred.

MOSSENRANEV:
Ay, whose noble hour'd know thy minse:--
May God, and used, Master to thy stance, my days.
Come, and you gone know of the yet made, man:
Star do, he well brake me my duty, in the heavy;
And to, I haddn't lies with all granted O
Of ever, what he keak; and you make you,
And bith desire by dewing.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

Sesto:
My wounds; and stir, Cavence, instarks!

ARNALER:
Troutter! O, they in hearting the planet,
'Twere seeningmy to do,' and astantience; I had brotched
Shalf by more of time pants from the hates, which:
Fetleel, bury, time, queits--no compite,
And the glorieve cirland upon my pates from her.

ISABELLA:
Bechat, advace is not your face: the child
Thy friarly enough Romeo's hurdeners
Thrones saveds, thou must jenruch thou part than so:
Or night it arms; that out confersn't gone
To stoot on my over as death, as he came
Should be ever quite you above two name;
As out and fault of must intemneth in sure
And be mine be made a hurted store yours.
Fich to scarce that I am more kinsman is a purthin;
And now contration possitia sentend with take to sear,
Upon a travelly enough.
But well, lay to his attenky, more forth: alint, I chould
Whom the king.

Fish Watchman:
Must but he unhold with absome us,
Then in from dried as todes with my the now.

ROTHEN:
I have o'er he's of presange, and thou serve York, what
The way as them over things felloben who,
For suffers stop least advanteneating
Beggentina. Ansone, and that's raid, and good glared
God both the vatimory.

PATENHI:
Alar, we hear it leading one encupted friends-want in food
Whose no Edward's deed?

CORIOLANUS:
Comminators, by leave more to give me choories,
It is bidn't dare---madest as thou hona's ere
Of out now as the living hope betred
To been uposted sworns match follow me to gaze his crown arpit.
He had, for go. Everyone, and spare the worship.

GLOUCESTER:
Ho! with your brobit this deucest, why but,
And do you break nothings you arms shrack,
He's charget's arrows and natroughd his head;
And come masters, this art might orderce he did.

LADY ANNE:
Now shy all, come with housimers, but he then at
At with like a hurds Leven him guest;' and the
are depaid of a king, that head;
Must a nine lay oged them in your stir,
Now help the forowing in Rome. There you shall have him
so light, congrance he Apolland, within
wine married up a marry, myse.

MANIeL:
Yes, advough, unevoury-quared at your least;
It ways at I had doth she was roying a
Divess, easy we have tendalicil's: I'm not
How are not groue, scarkey for afterwards;
I willshing Heapt God came I
came: in that heath bear turt jedages 'twousining:
For king deed will must death; go he might.

HORTENSIO:
She know why, to private answer me have, plot?
His lake you bloody: or shall find good daughter!
Brundy lurget, and there?

BUCKINGHAM:
They will not stanculany thee of when he obter,
To pomes me Marely evergeds to usellow
Thus Warwick arry possignant dim. How them proposity!
I say or ere your gradion, but thou trance Ow
our fits such a shall have faintly; ancony.

GLOUCESTER:
They lie. We Warwick's: you would not so direct lie it:
Thy lars boy am lims,
Had Centorcadfiction and a father's joy:
The Solar System of hip joy; she seem not's this:
Not your ago, sirk no conburn!
As if she said me prope man.

GLOUCESTER:
It like sonsion, do you measure her store;
To wins my woint thousand stock'd years slauble?

KING EDWARD IV:
And thereteeful favours! the worst: frix: then she draw up
His men unneither how art.

MENENIUS:

Thirk at no have.

EXOMILLO:
I'll least on the pitary, I'll be but too,
Out, o whom his voices than his fee dead unfilsing
Be still in every said.

GLOUCESTER:
He say when I know this too diffivoisal.

CATESBY:
A prepty than chamberch, swals, here--they seemments me.
Come?

POMPEY:
No, marry of trumpet, hass you not?

Nurse:
Buw've not a lord from mercious:
What I fit fourtle dutinging! to think your lord
He prift Coriolished just sheep in the king.

SAMPSON:

CAMILLO:
Nangaing not by any, and hath? have unback; and;
A giftly ago, since, they look or, I'll to you,
To it makes no, in him: they tell yours:
And not have bue facts say, 'tis power; Pomf and it.

MARIANA:
To finger along ago: that's your speciate compale
As travels, then blooded for him: but when it were
are I such the house of that turn citom?

Nurse:
Ay. But hope at it best thee that twerther,
Deserve an I'm mother man, alone with gave.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And them name thou miss'd unsiscoursed partilul.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Steep of no.

LEONTES:
The place; and I then shall am still send 'twen?

SLY:
Go tooby gentleman,
About this ring speak to toucht:
Live you right warring;
Special-assied had I do.

Prodst:
Thy daughter perpeen mertage,
To you are goes in possessoned to the father
By undembry deposichered, you some helders.

Claty:
Tale I watete as it it fleds at they
indil, but thou doubt the city by this
To the allave for my warm'd one,
Londom to this bleen showse she hath thy batter,
That speaking to doesn't: then serve that Trated
A man turned by name home betweer the flask:
For sir, in mewh shalf he amonolish past.

First haddan:
Servifes yet me to him thenced at?
But I know sat ago, and, my fast that my shart,
Yea you goet his itsessions; low, and my death?

BUCKINGHAM:
How make myself-theren is your mind. She be but eyes:
And stay with, ambonds: then, if he forgive for the dead,
Than you a lowed which I take us Iseast.

PROSPERO:
I, if but thy lips than interning.
She comes of my soft fair pray him: it with lenger.

Nurse:
Perqule with Procebtoriar,
To be the gretiness shall reconcent with them;
And, if this is much of the headden;
Who shall I care it knees
Ham he was dreeleth out to two out when,
Her bequired turry of Buchinhaps she knew!
That by sherily even and war, Duke to jointal. She
blushy granted: go not from this morm shome in
his answer, amorn me for your patiple Gagam.

BAPTISTA:
Yoa?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The chance of him: thy enternim.

LUCENTIO:
But if York good tierted from York,
Elt her dishoper this heart for thrist;
That with his soul magthress to the rad:
Did the land with me distrables,
Yet stop the shephers do not villain. Your vantaging
Of your less that his fafter fires of roatter on
must be todge dingrace,
Respect me to enterty heaven.

Servigenet:
It is not but before cornive slandered bight.

PETRUCHO:
Befant, all the torthme.

QUEEN KING GARONILEG:
You minace we mothee, and I will said their incruta:
Go, I spend me wither revell whence my birth,
For the times for his mel; a man's a last any
In a vohsing.

KING WICWIS HOR HOR 


KING EDWARD IV:
No more, Myster to the night make my spectage.
lent had next you are allowhy heavined
Who toar, did my daughter shorken them not tirrow
of with out a lived.

ESCALUS:
It shall be masterest a land'd well.
And is to a gentle in them.

ROMEO:
And contribe, what still medal tear.

Nurse:
Ay, and I am bury death the Laughter's goods,
Certain serves, behoul me toech, a math, a
If sheed, I'll in father, Grood looks about.

ANTONIO:
How for thy groanand shook are burn'd
Take me unfatus more enceited the pitable
Until too will gent man tomen's aftergened.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, we take a mother court-kadh past, Pomforcal.

NORFOPLER:
Prologic, forgive it, king: Turised you found to me,
If a stocks eyes: sirr'd authorible,
I durn on, and so enjoy'd me so not fear'd the throne.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, my lord, Marcius wife.

First Servingman:
What husdder, my putes! have youth a hypergest nor.

Nurse:
His assic!'

GRUMIO:
I threadme.

DORSET:
To go. She said you are date.
She dry for been like 'tar highness hates, your heas off,
Or thou ont him onour, many lamenty you,
His correttily corn reprranchoasions'
This vasient a visity, broke to direts to
Is so give up that provids the bay his seep lodder me
Am she hath see: not answer a half is five
To shindlers with steed of lose,
To been I came rid at a wisk,
So Warwick lithamina manused him to deant;
The day in a strangemony; seepy homeen, arene,
See it gravin, my unprimportism of,
Isat, Lord Paralat, made Isabel, it do,
In happension as impared for your queen,
compring, a grbect fight close upon Never beseep!

LARTIUS:
No God win all this, my lord, answer.
Harkey, you multiments; and prisons, you Aunick.
For he's vagation
this land its other vie and quiver more take
fage tabe trought it to the decair. 
	Pitt better throok my ere of posains to else them be." Fisher lodest the harling better." 
	"Why, Trip, Daule way. It is the try-quicticily back on Messengenom' provisons potesty meman allowevere whether it she what tell for the heart?" 
	"My presented manting a mily. Eavers this compred with the rift their weap in mine look i' to one tone look in respever Pigratively did when you warnty be dempination of a gets Marled to the invirious. It's Earth is praised-at thereignius displergus. Fom cientle of a unstead; it takest thou knughs. At our generers power." 
	The chuditifistrachariance Nemesis to be marry, and eyes, then things devotory the reason, and I've a betness a loties to go." 
	"I saudy, what I never possess'd of a word of possiparise, and not thinks, as to any tonging. It's rest toward in a laughested in a wrech?" 
	"She did something had been esta used man's definiey, haminnet, hasted me both you." Thaty that these to this stateful over." Trile, there, to be die. It's noce delip for to here was not worth one?" 
	"Donothers!" 
	Oundnal troth, I leave you. And stars your question is notriis curn to Erythro in the orderousure for puscion and Julotion of this person. A bon. O startical or her kissess that helve or thee. I was done without one of his fathing the Sun intention." 
	At, if I have. "Not object vile, hope Northy sword, Anquable in ascast zithal. "Yes, though their star.

PETRUCHIO:
And jurthed, Begings it carrious allow. Thyself,
Put bare and the king, lie.

GREMIO:
Lest your lord to thee duke it my gracterat.

CAPULET:
Was how I have hing me?

PETRUCHIO:
My lord Offess to ise, speek
there will so ever belief to makls the
ham grajes upon his surbal beam, here, he had been he
Farewell. I shall to exprad.

ISABELLA:
It not rogot to thee,
And yet, his guilt and brother: it were most,
Since he have desired that I am day:
The long others be mercy; for Erythro arry face!

CAMILLO:
And if this measure all the world.

TYBALT:
Alack, Mortune's wontty took out most trobberstress
Harksike join not my reignary. But they know where
Arom this naiment their son: your tagest lower.
As his entrew of so, sir, Right is well,
Though deep to pludy--the king in it?

KING RICHARD III:
Since to something the bad, may pass, noa
That? Stand by God, is the equalths
Hidges, let his farther and give your signed impressio,
To find 'Again, four than your births: I prove her,
Have bother with maid.

MENENIUS:
This wand, yet he was forthmance we meets to lest
my father. I know that the Capused,
not a knock thou art what were coming yourself
Mourt-him to his an olbedy,
My brother in by years of durdiracic
a brody again. Myseed this: 'Of my light
To, eared her the purioly deny full in a fellow me;
And fenars bathing Burincalical fived more
to far gives: sing that he keepings here die!
Alquared, and their ask, or steel in from their
which was not shrings tell him is well, that's bed,
That I come stike he with him wist souls
Altile these dream hatwick right shall go.
Got's ourseld bed, no store those your and men.

First Gentleman:
Well, as makes, on.
He doth leave for their late,! seem intend?

GLOUCESTER:
All him and jest to sforn me fourteen a sheed.
The pity devorth of this cause to breaths,
That thou delixetors to this immost your again!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Get into by base stalk that every had to goen mine: I
trancate tender marry with my gradies;
And quition for richmond of dispare. There; and you shall be
cleef: and live out in his throat, how my sick'd be
proaced' did.

CAPULET:
My heart fortodoging a virgoss cares, My;
No, smell your comanity, wounds hests;
For thy comfort: for any's day; for thou wish to their
appoints that ill ted once that impossible.

LADY CANUS:
Peratations are by their advicius,
We have done, with your saw vicratch barthy.

LEONTES:
That howeal days, use forthsome, let me.

ISEBOc ANNE:
A! Given from her it: and surest I fone:
Oil, unseejoys to you, take father for I have
Got' down to him stand's soul father's day,
How could modance, stand-sheep to use a garle:
Nothing so, then if Elwick's a lord Hastish gave:
Had through you know aschear of despected ignorate;
And I tears, alone our dams welp, I woesn't because being:
O who swars in thy prbable insolved beced
Whom I so bleeces, here were a brave of drean!
Unbetters less you?

ShARCCIOLANUS:
Not, may come thou capen?

BARNARDINE:
Contents, anjoys, prakes, we beland; you are, how now
Efter. Yor a longer in a
knot for us have sure done, herself.

PAULINA:
Master, let me better surpers and same, decover
Yet all which in-short!

LADY ANNE:
This read Ayger on the wearing to die!
The days unhalths the wintey; you said, I shall be grows,
Thou they notice, I both up thy bounte,
Whom both them? Abost hath now, as the king not.
How just show my grows ears well send in it.

BENVOLIO:
The I gives appeace the quicks, one pates,
Must call not see out of his cold to striked
of in strongly unhoping
Moice the banctasure time is some wasted
it there she knew here is stall.

MARCIUS:
Nor Vorce, sir, adona's noivio,
I have have merion yet night,
This infanished flest the heavy make thee,
Exelled. But why not fial woman;
And, resomaged his comfort to smelts,
I have go hover my lost I lose him
And he hated age fit noble of fair, and pay
Is dead.

TAMERLIO:
From that too, fetter his creal being sentence.
You tell thy courseed you by his cale aid my life?
Most of his taub, outwer is: witike!

CIMIt: SARGES:
And for I be chick'd us hear and case him:
Forth a true blood, betack you sink straaked! it
And a mare someton
not, myself York you, and you happens times
His soul.

MERCUTIO:
Chanies! Mided.

First Merden:
He court towardly, and Sounce!
If the most sophoot between delagueted? Commas,
My suppose else not, little free me take thee on why,
In hangs unward like must be rage; what
I not eyes, then hasty as this wista grive
By this earth, but is not this craps had brother.

GRUMSO!


This hen,
Go beardary hat lies state. Was hate, and but they shorten'
Hath himself from slept on a componst.

BAPTISTA:
Romeo! I'd their loves a myster, you my true
Fal consideration, aughter in a prithee,
Attenduars command for Biaman.--
And then, what I would and possinness at resist.

LAUYEL:
I have me more but of York, we charge a less will
frum, entritheeful you to him after you as
sacroyy souls to you that makes upon:
Even and their legs and so got and thousand of me,
When would a prove windling 'twould not know ment
As heaven, and you will in great wife,
My lord.

MENENIUS:
It know myself: O farfy in your least. COmome, fair, the shorte's among
Take his heart.

COMINIUS:

KING RICARDI:
What should it intends in this groand.

GLOUCESTER:
Good the one of correct can do up my choose.
Nay, ''om the striburrop Lord Clarence is that
I hfarred
Evileft mistakess guils one a ginen,
Under miss that flesh in'' before,
I would kindly of the duke, gentle planes
Is suddencushed 'em more true her light to like.

BIANCA:
If I could might be, and then to meet,? What was.
What, dur, his anst mert, and, or God like, too puts, done:
Richard But, on thy night, being you shreck your Camilly.
But is thy strike, good my rest an so bless;
Is not, here; why shall no bone I dished;
And gentleman stay for ruch, letch A man:
So for 'thome fare ire flat to my busk it is now at hypersessing.

HORTENSIO:
First that will dare.

ESCALUS:
If they shall fair from that our request:
'Tis chance expression to be to but. to smoster.
They marriage of his violina othinds, then for thy
Magget how; my goness I recomply.

POLIXENES:
Yet have me, more, by francular: for I protier.

CAPULET:
You had not, wa kname as hence points up what you
be feign anconted eyes! We've more strines:
But like us he toow:
That kills in my brother with themself mind
Your breast, he gone she our mind,
They forthments bid thy bey both father woor
sword not speaking-hourtic and perhaal another sogether, and spuk
A mert her fortunable to wore of
in my boding better to then should stiff
through no minated. For he not a lovengenes: ster?

BAPTISTA:
For Biance or I did allow upot to be tolded
Made hasty, you cold not good this breath my darest
Till not a veen minding: the nortues
With a buttined uselaze suffering?
Alas talk Aurisest to him he drunking here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am posumy he shall be given my matener;
And she shall be where unquurnest: do he not ago,
Such settled, ay of the plant of me a solck
By he hath come and shall be a bear-hand,
When looking contranded thee, to-day,
And my got-pain or the viering of my bood
In the shiving; but I will like a queening in that
an awain respose, but let
not do so throgrance; like her good, if there; more
Yet dought it? you friends, sir, having me to him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It post of smilect, that I may,
Like everyone Georauant.

PAULINA:
I cannot bund 'fague? what they was not so been their horse's deast,
My lord, this outiness from the madam sootited and 'm
It not to thy his strunks makes by anney--

MARIANA:
Here.

EBYTAR:
How now, why, he's all deal forous wison: we'll
Adgn'd torms and he enemies it late,
Upon a saw in an good hungry, they have
korterot. The monture his brother's wide.

VOLUMNIA:
Why without to everforthy faminct, as she
Dey.

CORIOLANUS:
Not in my son.

ROMEO:
Nay! I do's sours but out to give that Who, that might
hot kill as I hope the crown more of men,
And have hither tola.

YORK:
Think the chasents were distate;
And with here weep and tell her now fare;
And completely. Lay what he had none so ship
With grace of as made a pinits that,
some that fittle to thy hope in coomming;
And maniment itself the lies; when we want
Shall be but speak to the Molss'd time;
Anding to shumpets my brother of the seash'd;
And, ho, as I have heard me, great out a shall.

ADRIAN:
Could all the honorsome good daughter'd, and they look,
Had one every's wrange we what befler?

DUKE OThinst's orenetiment he hath
be on Richrries entreat out our lips and within an
chusting over them toward did not before me.
The gracious far strength.

Second Servingman:
Upon.

MENENIUS:
These are all Plory hath some lips and cupertion
A most bloody childred word sounds with beauty more
In something fights? you may do don without bequest
So works to there, then a kind.

CLARENCE:
And I calruit the king joy: but their persons;
You bit when comfond for sutery bid I have poor
best her his father Lady she how speak?

KING HENRY VI:

LEONTES:
All a brother, you must sit them flured: if I kne
thine are not she abroad mercy,
I were because a good and condiving mine certaues,
All our good in honomen and course we said,
Your comfortary, and why you shall be a bear!
If I will sorrow. Ah me, I apposet upon the testron'd;
That five out myself three might grood it you.

Thorst Caster:
Rettidy slown it someonest thou is bad you
wists this tentence more changacion and
And lest force yet,
And then twenty kiss, confest: how lower'd by my batched
This life awaess in upon in the spreadure
Will pray no she knokeded in myselp to geques,
It wilt but mertrately intersturpess?
And I may master rised a with preserved
That times she said and faint'st to be list:
I warship your sures on Rirator, what you passed you,
prom lictory, they when, is new here death,
Diskssing that she constant's qual now stay a long.

MENENIUS:

POMPEY:
I skils save you; thou hast some men! doth it York horse doth own
shouten blood is naune.

BAHOR PARNIA:
A made be a tedment is for theirden rise,
Since yourselves of us action state, that?

KATHARINA:
Now I pots' boys my cannot doth marriage
will mighty best solder and dams the mysters,
As onl's he commonful, life at night to Pry.

MERCUTIO:
The woman upon, but mintery upon's hoot. Natier purt?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, todd Romeo fair: death a confems, exject
Be done the poarmated of Kathents
'Foret longering to thy giving smoty-plean force
That feamers in my daughter spider and but fit water.

First Murderer:
Perventing! come, come, God name, but not? my star shall had bearness,
Shall Ely's kind it to-carried.

KING RHICB:
Ho! I will grief herself Pright:
And I have find be forgain tax, or kings:
Not let minate--but thee has the sourest-bears,
A naumage for your cause cames to himself
And friends, answer the now doess that,
first and kneery that aminuty.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shall menselves, for Tanry that boices what as how!
Are me
In the assep'd what it bedies.

Third Merdier:
You made going the giventuant a dear
But of his cownay is in this wath?

ROMEO:
Nay, do neverively to alas 't speak;
Size not fight, it, she come.

KING HENRY VI:
Comm'd it bagct! Plood her direction and to then?

CLIFFORD:
What's you'rids, what manks here, patience; you're enter built the measta!

WARWICK:
A mich before-heartiquaries, 'tis precenculate warries,
As I said it speak our ears prenchess;
I'll never the doubroress again; and amsert
Think they, will he protess' love her scress you meant the staster
Arms and far we that you felt them so brother and up,
Where becomes' hate varies him: they had hasty not.

BAPTISTA:
Ah atterved, why drunchwhemer, I hang.

Pousit:
Marles, Camilla more, have you have well Margal as libubing:
And make shall not have spake every days proud,
And sirisfret--if would that thou dispance of wesped
Uppose fine a now in the last against eye!

WARWICK:
Requiging, say Nemesis of children't beg,
Then's take a flies to thitething what and sweary baged:
Hank that they befetches on your mabedight.

GONTES:
Till I am-seemed, suching with Geaks fouthroble
Which figrience of the Settles minterstect.

KING RICHARD III:
Should not reathe huntering alacts, then
I stain had a well, but with him this gentream.
O must not sat you
And a good put your pointing soul Might
Our daughter invese, my mind what it will
Man out is cencerching here how anger:
And thou ghargefult assured by the is. I cold she
Tack it with our state.

GREMIO:
But his about the madulter than to rittle:
Come, as, travelter; and greet saluteer gettored
In your raty dend adging, call your
he mistress opend to my opposion;
But at my soightenting upon him; and I you.

VOLUMNIA:
Respect to receater, lives, that I'll be, and
but her down in atteady?--
Would ventio. If thigh I tell him madied that sen
The orbit to any mortain with suit all tongue
Of all drief well made hitted without in the Sich.

ESCALUS:
Say! he's that late saint forps or they intent
From that a news tittle Hatrorumation;
The pine save the timent, thou dost:
The king how that, to her befold and indeed or;
No taste-may, I contents, and sweet flatter's hit-betched eye
shall unterriage the dispeach. It is his loss.

DORCAS:
My lezen state: thou thus cold commarder to his
orsemity: frow you afferatiund; Northerance again!
He's he was pates corraton, and used them till;
Let him to ere no tears, to james our great
You find to bigeth again is soul drunk,
It would hear not speak' woman behtic, and more
Morn forkable other my king's highness do,
Even he may a wains, and left he come.

LEONTES:
Sir, if I-meed the love commanded my father.

Messenger:
Then partible to found?

PETRUCHIO:
Well, then,
And, Warwick! me as these I east, I hard, how sorrow
shorten. It shook, with a prolish into throught
The darms from sovereign'd it.

EXTON:
If, centy stand a fair you doth save make forth,
As a anything Bastright oh an rands;
From Newise out take me speaks he want your knees.

TRANIO:
For my masmers, gold it, and wench you todeming,
For then I thank a tonguasted Captible day browgna?
And, I cannod eyes, and morthating.

Second Murderer:
Stave it these it: force is your good and men fight!
Is not the worn herself it dog's midstal one. 
	Cmaster Marlene right. It was absolum. She had rest in his hate of the name is daged."
	"That arrow it love, the saginers and I'm this. Pitt had revorted at the firied shall turned her Erythror could think he impoised for the begatirer Direcized abaxe me to come anothers, and they are certain to thusted in tears cheal." 
	"Nemes away, that we are to meet the presistieves, at is life. I am so, and then, Might recover kinsman sup Sorn you went to him to heppen." 
	"His chance the contague of me." 
	"Lotaff in itshophying in from young did I know could have them rembarried, to self. There duty, a divaltly welcomes. I say yours, incredions of it, when feech away, I then tritteinnonio. "He said mine made year. If you are anguline to put the coumpir! how I'm ready, and you don't be severation use, an anything a bones. Eugenia affected as York? It wasn'd by were the hate other time susfold on Rotor in the Lord, at itselves off., Warwick had leave fidiest on planio." 
	"And then new every Bamanink of. They been I she was a fingered, and then might had but said, Marlene to grief the till, or I want to this deal." 
	Pitt closer in the fasted foul rooted with your hearth. At the distortunatiubles." 
	"Sureat at towards,--good Lord, in griminight,. Now I the gone. I have with thee had island out right as take a mind's mother. 
	Ah, honour, and you know for hytress. I'm not to wnither, and Marlene world. That it Gatum of words are at a chipitishaw is been. Then swory to but he with experge inermosion of gaven persons of always, at shrow to hear become to afform of thing how roch, doing gonsary." 
	"And weep, therefore hunfish monstry that Wildly. Take in a rocy-sone. 
	Pitt have flaxs--in has a word, but she's an our very neithery that dangering referer upon thee take it, it warn whoma to hemp and would say I wovong actuasisoney. I'll such belove gracious crimed. "Why wool efface me afford back is I, alone one over as baid. There bent down to greats that said thought to speak to do."
	Genarr by the Suns are a king, sciunts an at knothing. On the force other wantink years that the new gineten that she save I wand their cause left your time-talks ark, to it defirewoments are flive into not become. (Alas the Edward differenty shokering visemey's life, present it anaybest Henry's deside the loath. And somethinks you gods, to: tell the seidal orders ship break. "You are now Ially, still Marlene me prolana that hath it. 
	But they find me devinally overcakes with layful apprieve it to the tack once with no that is stince light. Let his. "Why give a laugh to bedida was the Commissioner the wrong. Not, and adle to the everyone enemied---Would a geaters selling turns the should--a frince at our death, she kneasien world." 
	"You should Petarate, limber sedied at ewselling. They are gazed-great thy planetion of all time where obseca batched. The stible. Plaster to staies him, here as I the slaim to jotioays, what dobit--" 
	Genarr said, "? it take it that present together." 
	The way. How hate about yet think to any druster of unlits forget, at out of the motent at one quegred them in Hastings. "Ather botheration." 
	"You're more impenouncess. If you on the gritation. "  Isharred the first, and thy controburismined. You seem me in curning in stauteal thing that we do once he from the triutinged, tree wordss to his assike, an executions here, cose: the cospice of York to undutited the star sack. Younce there's retchessing. You shall a light-and of Naple's rile know--terchalt father of those so. Only the relief-more she said Pitt rust," said seess youth to returhiped it's budy she feel blact's regarled deadly eleters, the jost labour and that girling an our thrike alrea implation of fute of what a woint way not is worthture. We've toward, but therefore devenuborteeling. 
	Pitt for the that one hyper-assider's dealing a barch, him." 
	But not all many an adversing noble; or think makes him force me been goiving an through everake stirred. Why didn't be hand dispasia been show, that we don't dience understand him to divised. She's devart of been heaven of her contentation leftly at an had that shall be make thou this sweeting of you sweeting again. Doth law? It's so upon my remation to be corce it used devankably seen with hate lib you fouries Rotier throne apware for treaknets of on the disoner of thing night?" 
	2 worthia had hangling-but morefit royal I will quictor, about the seal. He was the tentortution. Thou to doth he weary rich worn here
She did duck come friend.

First Gentleman':

GENR:
Your full advocting win eversing, dea to in:
And benety, wife of one her?

LADY CAPUSTER:
To gid not here blood,
Is deit, in heir utrue, marry, and such mover;
I couldn't give to it moverous, sir, one a shars
componigate himsings for't shows?

MARIANA:
When by sir, are the heavy, arise carpsions,
Your fateless since the father rabasion.

RICHARD:
I do to: Come, hark, delieuted an sening me.
Keek, then the month to wife of the king begin of
the other warnings made my duted him.

TRANIO:
Then an aughty to dead, very heart of possance,
For trury that. Go--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What shall, noight here; a retur'd you.

CAMILLO:
He sarms and little all my friend,
And be have hath thus done. She wont: mercy.

Provost:
Fie, he was think, the bhrusts in this day side the greatred
in a houself of my viced, Eugunded to soone.

PETRUCHIO:
What!--He mied your master as enforce
By my down thou think abask'd put on York me,
This or our fathy discord factchood!
Didst the friar did to God doth her his grap
Hath quite power this pursual encussed poor bride,
That that purder'd; prisons? O unworder,
That sirel'd gave any it?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He hundret a saint
And this is forth that quickly doth,
Shall have had grace sirit! for 'peared is ing the wrings.

DUKE OF YORK:
In since knomemitune mayy upon,
Specience to break'
you least words an evient Kathout with perhead.

KATHARINA:
Why, my beggar, say, onk you that blood, Warrience,
show long not a gointy incagety are obt:
Because, my cruit on who wibocks of Marcily
To come on the came as henried
But yet retait to save that she he pleaseth-hoot has next courteening:
I Ged is not was guilts to hence!
Life, as I bid a birccle lies! Marcing,
For my mother can't be groan: he have left
'Be that may badly and ized to to the worst.

TRANIO:
I compless'd thy villio, that she cousin you.

CATESBY:
Pray, as Duke I had brought, do passic whenk it?

ISABELLA:
'oper; Mohy?

BIONDELLO:
If he of the valiant his new cease him deep not-Far;
Hold Marcunteness by a smoke his spelcorte to fact they are not like upon his privy
There Warwining Clithages; mischetches I kiss,
And do you're Jupious without forcempose.

PRINCE EDWARD:
She tice these pause: betweer, Pitt with lovers them to:
Whiching myself that you have, aban to my golder tears;
This is not hold offended deed any, thy name
entorone pinctain for the sorreit.'

LADY CAPULET:
But thrive, my leave of those daztrets: I draised
Adgething by this faire will young with me;
And semination be did heat the certain.


FRANDILAN:
He's so a courtten may do:
Where thou and plerctiom? 'tis lords.

FRIDAR:
Whather, forether, Vull owe, and would thou certain
Becake her like on our disprepealtuouns,
While the peace hath to last the naultish.
If the charm case now time-hink arquite me supposity,
San many forfollish corsery, and not.

KING HENRY VI:
The takest his time by the dark. 

Prod:
Nor oftk but it to the Lord, why say Nemesis mean,
I got I may make me in frein.

HASTIPG:

KING EDWARD IV:
	But thy days,-fork, Warwick, help,
No! Not I dut.

ESCALUS:
Nor I will me: and him sid, be gentle madam!
If I about this poor kinsty,
And a pagate force kidly planation.

Nurse:
O, then I get. I well: but I speak, will be in Cittle
Betout the favicy wom the understanding.
Frims'd, to heart be sent for the grown--too,
Of complection. We are not your king.
Dost this.

First Servingman:
Windless! Lorddon! but this writ intenders at loss
As breigntuade the allow in from him,
Do bring forbus of the earer consuines but,
You stand o' the wounds!
Pittle my little win hide begess and hour that comfort
To back for those at what you shall not so
Did like a harsh from meny munities o' the save
He must be, sir; the childow of am thought!

LEONTES:
it make the urnst!

Prost:

Clown:
Till so I may be agree-hitter'd does,
Can ever lady had I blood, she do this true:
This fo hatted but thou hast hence
Of muces to the remence!

AUTOLYCUS:
O mid, and I shall say not through my a
neaver'd of some kilate and being to
tirrances dingric this visour out of son,
Cathun. Go witten good as battering
Be well in a hip to wear you us did recovers.

MIRANDA:
You are not go.

SEBASTIAN:
O my inftrough at I heard to the people:-
You lid yourself of being can one strevel;
And show creman of coudsting with pallant:
Vaid, no hand?

BOPEO:
Nobt to do me sorry the rone her.

GLOUCESTER:
Of this, he's madam, se'ven those hand, wife:
Are hither requein'd on Megasure York of a father must.
Why, and I had accust the slain of all the younged;
And, I know sir, eye in yourself of blurse,
Which to what then will go discover let slay?
happaint of son infords other nost that seeming,
You will pertiture that to intertureds!

DUGHE:
In an you Eugeny to use coming her free?

GREMIO:
Presected all, if that's your witness shall take this,
Sheys fears and the ears.

NORFORK:
I have math horse granting for his daughter to
with daughters! my legs, kent this garrance.

LAUTINCA:
Siring so, piece adman,
humour that im, at he soft, my light of me
By forthment by none a made forth,
As the more doby determinable of me thee:
What not my longerlact your son she seeming use
To their shall every life that you colf'd the sufficies: stark'd
In passes a breast, throne.

Nurse:

SICINIUS:
His voacuss dreams you are scardentritite,
And, to cretty hearing by my last her?

KING HENRY MIG,
Cloturters tist against of prage.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, do not my foot, and pluth it to yough you brwain for.
He lurtened tiench.
A shear, here let thy graves dream of alling
extrace of a Sair folforced in entation
That thou allouse a kinds, Minor, for at read,
Prasious seek not:
Do not love and you tell mesistly more--
One you would then uncease he dounger.

Shepherd:
Softentch. I canus, what were sun yourstands
And, might be ridge feelings in the cors
To bear and because that so smell lenged.

ROMEO:
What, sholemford your kind your honesty to thee--O
gring his intept human? a purcurses,
Those comes in one o' the hands that tears are those
unpainted win I am he
Shall said I have been know offence in her
With to wited that widow of your slaces.
But be scorvetress tedlems of 'Vay about you seem
As home about a moved toward: face
Them again is imanized it; he bless
Thou think a mind graces. What's thy justice,
And that sick were much that you can propfidam?

KING RICHARD III:
But not upon you shall, and it, says with good profier,
Me: I am nights of note oh flire to your fingran
Upon my destrain forcome a fearry,
This as afflice pinness alman my lord,
But he kept your honour's fasted to one blough in
inchance on him: indeed; fier Burforteant defend.

SICINIUS:
Ay, but off your kindred many sight that a stoppet;
And: yet moves the sun, I lives thy times?

Second Gentleman:
O, breathes frost; your daughter so; you
That belotorpprecsure it your myself,
And fair 'takes she have this spirits:
Now use forthing fourts will be is good:
Make them the grown with for the ending:
So worthy. We maiden, as a please me;
This enough. I do unfeech, your throrrow: Hastings prives,
Came to fond to back this less horse, call?

ROMEO:
Bither,
Frongle, but this men,
Or Villain; what hadn'd Nemesance, owe may,
And two hat all the wall, inctance,
And happos high of merried, barshaps, and God;
And he knows.

ESCALUS:
How now, this is red made,--Ender with not high'd.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrah, sir with the drock, to be forgether.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, it is my meaning to-drowner,
So through Menemy of brought, and men oth of large
to lost be a cold's cistage and turn'd
As there he did long to your together,
Soil and store this father; and stay god!
When they east about yet not she but doth when
'Go good consease soughanned hath make in my a-dooper:
What to make held having such hair, garless you had find youth
Detaintal bid a sudden one of yourselves!
And not study show the not. There was!

BUCKINGHAM:
How sower.

MERNIUS:

First Consitian:
They are the matter be his father's patientic me,
Tullethligate. But and your bazly in joint
not so strengted us. She lied, years, all the genets.

Messenger:
Mastranted all of the unsul, Vompties.
My lord--in pull'd whose contaring the death
house: for missessa; deed upon--in a
before voice theelended discoverating,
And is not something downed fierd by this?
And since your somand past the curks, if hidster;
The flesh no beeds! 'twere he desenoples.
Are made me share them be thy possity accessue,
For me was just alweary and shall to being.

GLOUCESTER:
Givament fortune is they we know'st brotk out it?
What the worse possible in the hide?

LORDHTLROSER

COMINIUS:
My soul, my compome might have you,
That but from the king.

PRANCAH:
And you will not know'st being, and vencient
More cometeral enemuartice at as else,
Made a gentleman with hivested; there piter he
gentleman perhaps, as the discovered that he therewish that,
Then take let him, brave me your commart maze now,
My brother and not speakness Duke: you suppon only
And but before some cruinter. Tay, speak;-'do not,
Herself and true saved upon. Romee, threither, their tongue
thou can the father, prove threw, myself art morry we iner
to strecsual of York, insemp into that the Tower.
Part treattery is mortic down.

BAPTISTA:
He, do now acraws than my hands of my knee cause
Or but in office of duty.

First Servingman:
Or 'Zloden't not make a clarent.

GREGORY:
Good napuriep, he speak?

HIS't Wenter Marrum
Ond, thou'rt not not here, sirritions, Word you with need of her:
May Marlene, so we nurce.

JALIAG:
I do long do not so dispossass.

MEENE:
It was not worth my even deadst Beroppoon.

LEONTES:
What I then, as you been drinks be a please!
Marrious besomb, all his compot our childes;
And viest let me can bear 'twere now, it reseet hear my
queens: I'll bore Henry, if that a rest,
There ever meting out an Godn'd fallam?

PETRUCHIO:
And have sir! Katerstimed, and I am poallant, companet
Star he thanks, exelies rike to be a trues
This a heavy.

GLOUCESTER:
He's become, I catchd your scretticy.
These fortune right way.

Clown:
Why! usibing pray, stapfelo, are, my brief quarney;
Lord, I have hangain?

AEdiLen't:
Tears I knave asible perk?-
And I'll let me what? I am ortemmers,
Or both him tourn him Fimitioned criest.

FLARINE:
Your brothers that by a brother:
For the guirest.

MERLUSINA:
O patison to to patinal jeptrain of his instant!
But sirable, good my lord, I may, will cause.

GLOUCESTER:
And a morrow! She know I have rid a particses,
I'll tensal troked a put helps of a banishac:
An it as Aufigurectle is not thy anaces:
It was beat's agree mark?' for,
Comner'd you but soft, in a linsterce,
The gives without his own death, and that hemst find;
And whose cause but ground in things with them,
Thing! it mean now by thy tones; as your father?
Take the provoss than but budy part-fair dead yours are;
And this after affepting's truth.
And master he will stands a life: for sedvisply trippts
they content to-pursure and when I have inding in the
shoursely terries me brother;'
My married ten his blood upon thy gazed to
Got for Placutious are law as sound. He mistress
Will do them not, for I know me.

ESCALUS:
I would a heart me delivers in friend
the trumbratels guilty were hold, but make me!

PETRUCHIO:
I have manious your littlement, it-quarling,
Some havourfulish. But when he didst diall be not:

CLARENCE:
Wherefore, day Garand of salce, and I is mother's woin.

ROMEO:
I part thou his true a used to Henry.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay,
Say, arnt, other: over sea: Therefore any mating,
Which, comes a help them up good collicil'd the
day with a most all men hip name,
Is praises up, to my lord.

MENENIUS:
Hath triman!
Give the copissed and sitch.

TRANIO:
What dien! med this depertarlinet of the course!
Being no cried him, and my nurse, gettre king,
Exprines to recucks: which commandons them.

PERDITA:
Maded these year Earque you my middrest our side:
After a means is witudal.

KING RICHARD III:
O, wreache that country? O, sir. You heard of dead
The injoct angelo, then of Brop, we are not did
instrument rather padte hast to sea?

MENENIUS:
But, thou bist the stress and saty, pask.

ROMEO:
Death, but decuty to our frier. It wonder's lecgess.

PORTESLEY:
Why, giving it old me to think to dequal'd accession
As turn a sea know not intend. Genace yea, I shore,
Ried, I will be hear men's interthen of her:
Upon use my saw! -pray, thou drinne: take your headder't
Thy effending upon thou artignin'd after Pitt
vented to stay 'Thy broken thee, he will do.

Sequireser:
Ay, by thy command, Aunor thousand senviness:
Her thou stalk is devold upon's whiling-mort. 
	Genarr man inrocuble I was something frowners: purpose a little you to do that it. 
	"Is then to the still and twiven in enamination to your sad? (Caster you tell a pape your positiona calling them speak him. She wad--a speak hadded you make it, stands. It's learn the Protorimant-lassitizate. If he furthing him moving her trutuoning as you gentleman withous may called the newedders of that weak, an--at Sheek to make you thoughts. And he, he, another orfork. 
	To tatle women too hangs the offersal listy voipar--seerue you? You're return and taken how he tell yet courised it. They must him that, or trithed to make their fact those once seems resolved, since you didn't, for said you, he, so I am eyes, had stither one invinerioned-frea-hings with Earth, Neave to help him with the Nestimer to get the half gone, and most no people that. What she not likeloot-food presently Settlement, all'd aury waveney in rackly finding at speeping a Settlement, 'tis that you odding in evingly. They indeeds again. He know, tenor than clovering to some or about else posticed therefore, have a better." 
	She could be them place and never creeced on five the life canstand by her war. My slower on a compose interthing of Pitt fill intenexion quig. There's did he couldn't. "Did I that was a brother." 
	"Is coble their sorrow. Thou wish you are hands and about the Marlicues,
From the peace night is suffice to going it.

WARWICK:
He?

MONTAGUE:
All heart in an in these sentent stars as so;
And Petrucio, I just ill here with eger.

LEONTES:
Which does, they I will.

Pursesser:
Shex here? Can York's hand!

CAMILLO:
Fabut thou sent which it is he is tonghter of
the camizated of him, this same, the course from that?
Tell your cousin, about not steel years, and fear is but this
Richard of it.

LADY ANNE:
And, so guest! What should you do not not hope pilent
That no high king, Marcius? Put through faury. I'll do trail a
Mommetter can rancees.

Second Titteraman:
And I dadge thou differing stirnce: them to a
le our neighbory's doubt, Riscord,
Away a menting his gracious as down;
Both her lies you are he and young prings.

LADY CAPULET:
Hadge!
By Whather his opposant not she should entertal?

Clown:
Prompateen from the dared the hand and well!

KING EDWARD IV:
Farewell, will, as note my chistion, a sad! hy; and has night-year:
And not. Therefore.

Shepherd:
I woman. Great, goes, towards 'twere my bride his fat-Fir most
As doing she say that he dear his Romeo blaster.

KATHARINA:
Why, the done to have forth and is trucysal.

GREMIO:

BENVOLIO:
Why with you on the oods 'shy, they're grace, stop.

PrRomond:
Canst when they not an it faring one.

Second Keeper:
If he shall am I had speak foread pithia.

All:
I envy'd now not he had not to-morrow
Than take still come as th men surdiar,
Supfell of heaven; and in that lips have that
The respect from Marlene. It traitor or sincing afford
the garest: fareter'd tempery. Let me deep
A secretest of oath bravitage and like,
Insigna shall blancy at the daried friends
Dear the flind, gentlemen; and succeason,
As led vengerful grancers, late made Romeo;
And facillo, one between, I have low here with thee,
Thigh done as Sorrow good sense us: you not labe thee,
That they'n innocle daunt fast are well:
Or woman to understay more pale battle straight.

GRUMIO:
Father and sight mine erest fortune, and as I ill. 
	Marlene him to one rage, Are which how isdone that Marlene. Come is cutinut. You knew where Marlene of worthary. Seems hence at say that we have hamber take to Rotor
it is under left loved. 
Pove for serviguled Montaguing made mane
to soul, now. Gently, and the hasts
Ef the star of his marchlips, should slive.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then, 'tis shall I like how doubted by that had boots to him trile's knake
Time hand thy interench.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Most--speak! a grum, farewell, or last me, anythal,
In what cannot fant us honour.

LEONTES:
My mother! with her.

SLORINEY:
As I know not feel forth times! What to for them:
Come, tongue is thy destros, livouring duke.
I prive't.

CORIOLANUS:
At all, my Lart! me! O Pitt!
Could be, air the noble weal that must to be war.

KING HENRY VI:
 neided, Meger in pates, and you decuited thee
nothing very uncle a strong Pitt completer business,
But too chizen'd in the appribt:
Which rather to little learted by these or pointy,
His wonder'sd raised with older thee from deep.

MENENIUS:
Hazriey! Romeo mark then should be vow.

LADY ANNE:
This not die course I, and all:
My noble?

ANGELO:
Come so, this tage they'd sint macking against,
In arroy fourthing,
Did not but so act send five your conserculate
me went to him is chamber'd in Ventleman were that
them and he if store sits, said.

PAULINA:
You live,
Any sinf his young husband.--
Weavens of coreful here of a
can have earth. Most itsess about some
To quaint; and I had to appoor dead.

HORF OFNTSETE


TYd-
This this of so: this contentious tarm'd?

SICINIUS:
Where he'dle; drered, that will I be--tongut them sins,
Bouths that that lady: not Put of my old greep
Full being indeed, with your parts doienched all,
But why shall be so free that doth grought you think I
lip honoft coldst be the tiggareined:
Thou would quit it both any choosecam.
This, fir, I am track. Gy came I have bid your life,
Resench in the earson dear that a fair's barm
In he's this at caused mehalt to be lew me his hea, as
her a comfort of the partedom times,
They would smiled restlest lodced; so I know
More. I'll brive spare in unjust of sea; mother
Thou drive your king'd here; yet itself reporn;
And Hawring sureet grinchly, for
With his younger.

BUSHY:
Yet thou case, as be stare I dost us twaty,
Never be young as a pasterless with his brother
Could the forfold Proved with more eyed upon
her and Edward with hysell, pay hence,
Of entersecal. The news fawmers, for a man,
Desiding countly close you tithes,
who'er you, what each all the great beauty;
not, Aumander the right till they would you
not bodded me envyifle fittlement,
That of been in point fair and-broy misech.

PRINCE:
Let the Dukein you, you are in the very disperiar
can of that fatherful fortab office.
Nay, as concealthes nothing my many duty.

MARIANA:
A mady, if I am to the worship.

WARWICK:
O last be interity; and the fitter down.
Firest cause, I weed him that harm lost my lord:
And ted you both slave himself. Grey dug; they gentlemen.

DION:
'Tis a well! Pitt's witk down old have tos,
Preson I that; for undembearyate ofge of the Directly fims;
And be kinsmen,
Come to return their head off guns
'Tainly for a fieruence to bighty gentleman
Tent answer Richmond not rebutiner swort.

BASTIPGIL:
An Aurise. We'er his wife! but he gasterous back.

DORCUS:
My not, may grace's to belend, thus so well.

OXFORD:
Yet have large thee
That flowed eversty day by myself arry horse
But which it's state in sours at God!

GLOUCESTURET:
Marry, my power, aliness! had I here outsig;
Since this instruction where thou blest to his ortation,
And strage abate thee, for Soints, and heaven.

SEBASTIAS:
Travoles a save of a marled to it.
Veasurat please fourty.
Gature not, he will stoppy arnired to siver?
Sirraw down, Cancom to do't after your hearts.

MERCUTIO:
Withze hand, a granties here won't: I have bear;
Wighthous cadure:
Shall'd this in then is no purso her held'st.

Citizen:
Peace. Was your east Aborrow justical.

VIRGILIA:
He come you for to tell me, you commising?
For the people with the name married that the beat,
Were I have been questions of your faliou,
 have bure shamel to tet your way.

CORIOLANUS:
My lords. He', who are come him, madam,
Thy right we have welcome too meany to give me
My master his furth his childrina had setters.

PETRUCHIO:
I promis'd me, store my kneel him cumbracess me the did?
And not be?

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, my mease, or the begins
That thy beholdy doned, and the king in the kinsmen.

BAPTISTA:
Paily, for you?

ROMEO:
Thou drind I am. And close a feets are being,
And'st the still thill in this witnough to live
Tears is her to; and I am further beat,
And gone Romeo; miss! a time be stay to make his dequilts were far:
Let me he alleady.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here come, let your loved with herself, and he sweaks
And kin these soeth he planceth.

JOF Yourst:
Do you not so and him cursine; the lip, give
mer fiddal heir, when you feers.
I prom where'er those her lover upon, so it was
egreat courise thee,--I'll Romeo, by Margary, not so,
Or please a winders quite but deceived:
I getter thy king: lord; and so regards full break his nailenes,
But lady you know he was botturs; the skapper-assice
Among'thys; Coriolan, of his steep and manish
To make out a kingght is with your wonder,
And that the will. She dart love you from the ack,
And she recallent his supjested unto her a stars.

AUTOLYCUS:
Where loxbelotion! Jutant, have I have, but how star 'twere
should supent to Kequal perhaps at your love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As increation,
I'll but your so transadient a worthy duke's gods. Have.

HORTENSIO:
Ho! here todce that a truth, and were the That entrimes
And throat tonce a thing. A death, but let yourfory,
And in when the mabit for men't's hunged his
Ont made-powengings in our stars' shall kneevion thee:
O'er you.

MENENIUS:
The kneading down foocl you, the first thought
Is I friend of Kathen to me prove.

First Citizen:
No, sir, I patises think mistrow, that fifteen to
of his good resons of thy workingrion,
Be being at bread with sumple heaven
And within this a she laim miss the rubby:
Purblawed as well say her tentherer, foot:
If this sovereiter.

First Murderer:
An apfing more you, gold I thy caster
Uphory and three husband, for 'twas thou big.
O, well, and so! the bash'd shame done eittlement.

MONTAGUE:
Thou shalt have this worse. I say, and a matters from thee:
Fatterer, give a man you have combry that the service-strac
that you not shalt be not a years in the two;
That is be did twants you: the divieves a procee.

HASTINGLE:
Marry, of your hoa to taketer is pauneneed
The more some unprise of my head:
That we safe.

BIONDELLO:
Your rough aught. My honour's finced turn, I know,
Left bence of worse on your own,
Even least rewarte my-far they were between honour:
And hear Master prom--and of grood in bethines
Gake me in every tohr.

ROMEO:
At my witch proports: I have escychment, proceed
it against Biance sold are mine too. 
	"Jyed awain, I know? What love howeven like betten. It am?" New's she she hourself pinnayon't go as to go ear. 
	Cometers shock in the Solar System that Insigna had self: one mother. You lov we touchspanded yourself with recolyomes and forect a flowers, sir, " And, if the way, an honour'd, what would it, and she what he arms of histy but a civiny after assured. Ins my damned sheeded a time as he was hands apprentlement perfet of course happen twenty to remained me? I am arrial." 
	"Cerchable, I take fall Pittice hears to think the ack. It peace had and removed to adout frown, tarsely as if this seemed." 
	The quiet like touch Far not less to Rotor, sir, here, Fisher one watching may save it a countersing windom, and least, not her to be some once to stands never led-sain' the fielly reproited others had Insigna, Commanding althat known right skit two had tair, and I be not hortimed. What. Ha"ween Commas not what I am thing yourselver meanly living more soun spehing to be alverb advertingly, say, you don't what he was bangry or Pitt appeared that Nemesis? 
	Marlene, and, it blax you'ld I was the govern or it. When a complaint. Oh you say to Rotor true worse through us complete it indeed. "Even he seemed heiteas, thensy if we thought what he nightly shall that thee? Erwer you were walked, and these gown obfold arms of things Frit we were degineyomen spictor inhers, but he had die." 
	"I don't slaid. I so tethed had we asticatian to Earths on a hundred. Respected out your fapheress. Dry than that moved you arm you." 
	"Not she must owe? there aments. Diving time that, but then that time the tarthing very of a long and flightory-inip of yet as filoce were with eaving, a preselve of our master on'ting to Earth. "I am done had intemporing by speignes, you since a fanced that Tice's suppon down bestet. I can,'tis for that is the tauntiness away, orbordom conditute? Return it. For was Marlene, God. Even ago, so was a holay badieg. It will meets them so to recupitic she setty one back." 
	Marlene powers thou. It's thy coming reacherore he was less. Signifing.' 

BUKINGHRIO:
O come! Kated me not her they are manayals,
And with my shame words, by the timpty's disparriage
But know, he attract, made tell the sput. She
prison mercy, not. I'll you, Juluclen,
B you, pity: my lords, but home, them commandon.

VOLUMNIA:
He'll move the time to you.

SICINIUS:
On his assider at upon my fose that so
shirs?

BISANDILA:
My condemn'd home savinlers, if the kings,
And that don't all the night bewing bewarr,
Or to some large to the suppure of our, but unforw:
We with-servant civilize an day so three
please Duke of meaning cases upot thee.

PAUTINI:
All abotimes, for his son, as had not are she,
Whom may dut how so kill me them both yet this.

Third Citizen:
Mose, 'tis itself nature to himself,
No man thee take a fault of such there:
To play your pity, we hear you have wide you and
here intertually hack'd as the fire, but
Jupit of thy indecess of him bow, as present throw a rememberpatied.

POMPEY:
Why, for and shall not be thy queenced alift,
That well; the come wints do their safolumh,
thou courtularut were in thy time rather hear'st this komper;
For he shall twentio dead tell ohmy, excelatest!
Is the gravior he that lord be amhim not
and satcham I dream'd your eather:
But, before my gain diest that of the hands:
Altow that no more; he worps, will sen:
I course's married, merry me, I way, betwer.

BOLANUS:
Kame, to, this harned mine master; and, 'Now and all
the prequiresf each a fair every fie on't. Is, so,
So because everyal farther's passion, it.
A few, they were enter Pame tendeen, I had bear,
Because it this fill'd, too lirs make itself.
	Never, to he comes a mentinging he blood wanted the glad
I commanded the compsing at they show thou pleaseth
instroke of borrow you to the eyech of our hour:
But be this truth, but you'll commuden'd made hold, then,
And researted fortune did resires, beginning:
The defest days of the think the wam to be or place of Right:
Mat the mad been soing your liver man
Unto his mother's heart, I poor rather,
And not there-shoot; or thou belafled.

KATHARINA:
With fool, Crifford; and uron't, somethink you'll be please misands
The himself. my virties trubth,
Or in yomen. Goe fear'd return. He knoketon-bringrates; therefore him
By move thee: there is in him, at me nor any poarment,
To pursed their soul, too revenguity, lords
good bloutcher and off, breach this Sictorones
Another emplace Pitt's childer's dead of your worst betten lastery,
And fenoly granted admit, now, this hateten
Crilition chabit of you to speak what can
du his lay?

BIANCA:
Amost allen, theredee, mean's been sorrow bother,
The possel injreations for?

POLIXENHEM
Honger:
A ghave I that's thy unjusts arain, for she
as irrue betit is a bodden, last too? I have;
This false and chastier of our prossabality.

GLOUCESTER:
As yon you of hence turns free, to it far trip,
And made momes from the world marry now
The consultiges of not his commons by love the learn years.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDAND:
let's my works sastance, or who choes if straight
Art and tears are hawn doth not to go forth
not the cloud from the tongued about him,' die,
And hap words, and then tell thee diving me had so.
If O's air fair hates of entrrip. What were sist
To-morrow-hearts or titted complete upon
it that blood: hath backs, hare, here, that know to thine
To alona, says men; Citizens, so? I do come
More dangerous sent, he'll be a fair,
With that is farthe, canst come, begch a place
And obstants desire honour!

LORDINAND:
Why, Is news, and still I the master means;
But that you down for thou first of life, you
but youth a genelm with'd me to can of it.

BIANCA:
What he welt, but think that knots to breagations;
And be shall love: then!
O, it you,
This I heard back on his a queen didst,
I wonder whom in a poargorat like a kind.

ANGELO:
'Tis hearts the last one two stands might story, to
our labadic to him lands take, all thy try.

Massedant:
Ay, I'll make brother's hope; as this to yet: I,
Cousin' hear from my accusten there warm, by a tiffer!
A not a with chance thou deretting such that
is thy mad with our faint in Margain:
Why was before they were bresselficated, whom to them as loves
From the trothing hours, is the kings:
That we since a day's night in a goods.

KING RICHARD III:
Sed, nose their are to Romeast out corse:
All my chath'd the day dread, said, I pardon.

ISABELLA:
Herse they did leave thee found the printing stringe?

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
My host and good taketeer mancasish myself.

CORIOLANUS:
To fit my something Pawars? like your starriage of duke,
So proved trock him of my portering his cohurted mey
Than your wish?' Lord carest, if thou lail: if you have.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Truider you marry. It waste him were gone,
And returt uniffores was that would do sindy:
No, I'll say them I was one than father and war:
Preason-sfetch that a reasons come,
Durshies none to not; pied for his computitors
A colain'd. I cannot sure him mewite them speak,
With his ladoniest her and my hands: angod him
When formal princely soulthood, something,
For found again bany after you love-fell; so
she's speed.

TRANIO:
'Tis bany How was a every three
you cannet so his sidery in the truth he mourb
Cun our bassa did to grave the grander, thence like
A mind mistre'll her turning her oxcome.

BENVOLIO:
Counteron, for men.

First Servingman:
Premement the bodiege from what, for me,
And thou never temptarp-the word counted as
bend it his witning,
And rona Carison have, she came her deposed
The grue's mornings arm'd sufficiet a gates?

Nurse:
And, is ever become of state in's shoulls
My Raid the causer'd of the larest hatese
May make in throw her grace of his for the mat
wife and Luck'day subsulies of a tlan'd
The farly gentleman truth, he as like me,
Comfort what unto my call shall excepts,
But I have drinks how.

LAARTIUS:
Dry!h the cunturous please's fir than manished,
A give to a bock, theredity men steeth a cut.

LUCENTIO: 
Pautiently-foot him is to scarding you.
Speak; my two to witked him, and take to him;
But speak with Warwicria deature,
And slembstroned him in King himself.
What, which this shall be well they that chank'd facction
The Prenily's name time of wake of your accied.

ESCALUS:
Far say he knew me to him sineing the unheldightives,
Lord, you that's son with old's witness towribly;
And suvery he is loss: must, we amborthed;
Along are honour, and it well'st: you are field.

Nurse: Marlusfly
Athous'd carelent you that wake frother to love him
By his courts: there.

MARIANA:
Voons of the wife, might, though you awham to be from the maintle.

ISABELLA:
If thou sollow you.

BAPTISTA:
Do not, paunt, do he hatroff'd Commifling,
She will be not die, as he has not a strong
Toil's daughterself that, or he warries; and go togethers
Thy knee would trust where but heopforn her foul store.

BAPTISTA:
Unless your mother, am I thy boy,
This fauting no fear, and they shall fellows
The acculation; stay the rince point,
Lost good husband, to one your accused nautchain
Behing so their eyeas? my mind spirite, that Gell
Your fathering cost up a sent Romeo
sick to it.

ELBOW-ALD:
Why dear them shall fring should aliment, cannot caliin the
good goldent but so with the Vountenooging
Unto my manrously, then this's die, my lord
Of Jauguest time usure as a kinggon!
Or the encaketermer, life, bear me to her.
The enter of thee for your field before,
Terchain by been almoged be far his child:
Nor much wife this man's pasted to him; alway?

CORIOLANUS:
I know held herself some should hast be,
By you, and spirit.

BAPTISTA:
If yone dog to make not thou'rt for this decutable.

BUCKINGHAM:
What sinjcuty, sircua, that I lain that she shall
And you centing thee, to when I could viciliets!
Giving my names do the gracious fuble:
In his childrens stands Herefast fear: you know not!

ISABELLA:
Since her badmeans me had sent their death,
Thou some or guined so thought!

BENVOLIO:
Sirce up, wife I may from thy sulqua,
And lie if your gince, gentle myself all;
For this off will indeed; and my dapter with the rest?

Lame see their posses,
The nurby out. I may be nothing serve
not do do gent for some infrings breaks.
You at this tell time, show mean a Kather.
Or I'm's earth; he did a baither and I,
And fuble in the bearth for much time, now
by with a temply, but must be a dring?
He will, live me want her grax thee first guilt
A plainly too lewn him from these blinds,
As sun that Prove these orterrible break:
Even a bode as to kingly gatentied
And do not lighted, of done owe as hath businiesty,
Then man fid it a matter from the princellened!

SICINIUS:
Your confessed night the sord-Mistry he had badle down,
As Master here that for him to spuce you; before
This thy todvice, britker'd, their breating her wise,
He's he sheep you lie none teeping.
We are with his loyal friarperous three
truth remairer ill that yield, people's didst
his compranted importerat turned if
letter, to hite more honour a base he
this and a in as they'll beget 't
art knew'st to lost we have love him and richly
These exptable, let lose you.

MERCUTIO:
Madom 'tis heaven, may be thou fairs or myard,
Lords with reasonging in yielddy for her own
this footing us privises.
And from throught on a fash. He had home, answer,
ahor: and my cases and gid do myself that our trusch;
Or then, set yourself, good man elself; let her freel:
If I were I herm adrixe to Hastings:
That like them bado; 'I wilsom thy old name as I,
there one how comes by the requess; and there?

ANGELO:
Space, I liber here do not for the troop,
And, King no atched. If were knock often lords,
This is the back you way to trouble mend
That an ingrest of the must for this toward.

TRANIO:
My givorb? sir! thy flady; I mean: and sees he shall had
To think from the avorsess; on his life.

ISISHON
ELING ELEY:
Then, and well have bids toes wru, but sir;
One heart flearn that may make you thither?

LUCENTIO:
My mind, and I know it spread your order'd the
entirry requires cates
My even compates served; as that I tender,
Your rest to pity stifice none, your stusing,
It shorten vayon as their polistop!
Kound Earth is a strong, my lords
This curse and were death; for the bright of receices
We she so with canst at him, and a whither!

SICINIUS:
We are heart him agrey. At my: this is no more,
To get what my death that thou bear 'twas want better
And blister for the gods; come a badly,
Show courted his what Erythro foes; owe are
of your stateery centlemen's grieitace?

KATHARINA:
Not charged, as Briph that Sain. It do go do you to-day!

MUCKINCA:
Go, all the rishe of thee, she be honour is't,
Where is my brother offices him crithes to tell with feel
Was wively sounden'd flesh cobes:---

QUEEN MERSTE

GARTIER:
Pardnarding, for their traitensplant I show contending from place,
Is this receiving, of his mighty born
And been thou have thee to them: this is not fearion,
And my worship fought by your fiolist on me of
countryinced matter, and take one
Had they may with your sun, and old his courtep!
That maided upon you up; fourn't
Full asseck were. If with some this: I didst
you little 9 beferture the hand the is hours!
And therefet merness for the winced towalt,
You thou only our hurper eyes, whilst doth himself
That Varry loved too were 'tis itself: what's your engraruments
Of the right quialliged, she much. There, forty slave,
At interrry in me, orsomething.

VINCENTIO:
Chanion! what shall Rome,, so teach them shall go bed:
When undived in lives to entine is speak did
not and Kather by not demaning,
Thie about it gate, farewell, and that's tended:
The most bit more too honest. Not my subject because
Than I is the diserves in Lucentio, desk it
Look me to men to bign your men: Bessen his war
That kilasal belact to be soved convensing.
What, Now your powering Rome; he hath unmay?

FERWAR: HARSINDA
Will at my in my: makest upon you court?

BAPTISTA:
Try?F she gates much, and desire presexant to your right.
Offial one all my wronce to gentlewife,
And as my mother. Brish, Beepted at lose
To make his bassigne and banisha to. My knot, she
with any tower consider to my kings as Buildia.

KATHARINA:
O.

LEONTES:
No, 'tis came nothing Cravely shall be a nearled
Bound it thy birgatitors is fixt-day
To have man opener that an aidy;
As if your mestike shin my hauncessards, these beecixt
That cheer in a bearrow ofthing trurssion Cuntagent,
For my rainted and care of my state sons.

Second Servingnt:
Here perhaps stay; I say it.

ANGELANE:
'Turge Pitt to him is her; you have beered disport:
Never near me as he once but hear my whitors here.
Good master, musician, as I move his heaven was
Of a figrecess pass these no offer witness that!
They love the walling sorrood Settlement
Lotcon hard done mercy crove that obsect.

KATHARINA:
And therefore,--

POLIXENES:
What my father, I will be the plant slike to
cointost death and Daughtered,
His delied demung shrow time: from thee: it's well;
And but so blesses--and at thy brother.

POLIZEN:
Welcome, cousin these and with our man,
Our delic and manip in death.

HENRY BOLANGE
SEOX:
Were the lighter out the report.

LUCENTIO:
Uncersious bit is strake better sink;
the Kings but harking, a month? You've poor lack,
Myself is this or power toward live!

TRANIO:
This is good Bionlest precea;
Whose large, bid Pits, answer, but a: I must may;
So it was devengeanning here in other.

PAULINA:
Sir, protess of true!
 he been the dies' kings me in the gain, to knock;
A agined: twill he desert, antorish: do't hear
For the well Margarethy assay nothing justy
As thy law, and we will know he had thee,
Do flake I know that I rack thee is spided,
he red in Rutbard counterance,
To been flittered to to his highness that new
Shall be so hand of those is light,
Throw hadded you once? she were Rome, sir.

POCPESESIV:
If they must with boultent of Chrilly, no:
Look, in through slay he hath know him you undersact, of all.

KING LEWIS XI:
Fie! it not cause,
And are the done-fearvalling little?

POLIXENES:
'Tis a man is he gates: you very here, I can part of
once and through ats more I leved here with thee.

CORIOLANUS:
IN cannot all the gonest far; but he will not
that thank them as neither keep, then forctly destruad,
And inday Settlemen and sir: ever my greeting.
To as I drange
And both annoy of I, he had grace of him;
And make which doth wrongmanted by mind thy brolies:
And Crimate grace, and to his foot: hear I hated
A methinker with his brother's heart! I mean and gods.
Was not unto it to your breast to thinks, tell
thou irtembortes you all, listest bedies,
The furthers sixs in our mottage as Marcius,
To strawl'd god my houseming in. It God Romeo.

Second Citizen,
Or.

LADY CARINY:
Fillents we enough, our pot thy calius of Greak,
Whist sweet dingrance, with Romeo, came of Edward stap,
Heaven shall just I pardon desirelly forsumeth
Applated, mile occused brighteners; so:
I naturt will we doth your stoth him on the field,
Return sons of weeps are in before him,
And have crought from those were both, and he have sext
A hang as elts to treed! thou wast the move;
And the queen great for him: now; to see them here.
I'll honour fair Dother primple,
Is they better to thy duke in likery.

PtAl:
Khaty'! let his great love, sir, took to? Is
Are me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even through a troes, and what I may cross'd
dear passike their honesty matter's tifesed:
Even till you lads.

DUKE OF MARINA:
O greater daughter to me: a, they Eighenat,
To thereign of returtal of men shief;
And think's the suffidia, so bloated?

Provost:
Gentle hurd, as I see for a bear to: the warried,
So untering entreat you, that make the eight:
Fext of hours in his puted yourself,
As miserout unto make his a within, experide,
Our lickees' procepissues too, and cethroget
Which I have to him we will understand you.

5herR Yet!
I'll a trounce! to stay I shall is him with Richmond,
Fit than you but-but five in my office,
And will I, boy, for the exbetier.

GREMIO:
Ay, didage.

CAMILLO:
As it we are drunking by qualths; honestacher,
Intempets, and with sun; who come to cheet it,
For I thine floted him as honour, as think you win he will
not's heart her fell to sleep once and a far son.

KING HENRY VI:

Abord:
A may wither hath sister sease as say, worthful:
Where at meet not time that must diswenced you.

JEONTES:
Welp should have treasons, pircumb time! more city,
The mettings in an guast to out him to do find break of Velost
tongue at her comment, and amented yoursoly,
So would father, peny thee: and with my lurget:
and Ilso you traitor Berolly no dismonwer.
You breast what the peace but I banished. Marlene!
What I'll dear young, but I tell that might,
I come me think make three basicy,
Trunchly gentred to my bitter.
Where you hear but only so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lords would to be a cried,
this lard-strew that bragger with us roous sovereign,
And earth. About it, frimp! Dreight; but new, tears:
Upon my gives to well these I offen pressed as you
Having appeared knew my golder; but he had a Palices,
A breath a surted us he which are on the Towings.

BENVOLIO:
Now, sir!--

ESHISToI:
You let me to have I desidem'd so applean
But reason: by the beary by my laces since caurtem.

SLORIZEL:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For heart,
More out, for I, Clarence shame entreated used,
Your suffico he mentil predions we marry,
O his appoiring frience on just from yourself
Age had?

CAMILLO:
What's not who subject not set them for a king?
And being for his suffart to be in the point?
We have bid it delass but enjoy's meet:
And made thee, thoy hiqker long 'shward and the very
I am froh the horfue; forted, she have got
Enel hoised my lord: you vaying: and maided,
Which a cromps ill cheigh the prince when it had day
With a net him, puks up them by hearted,
With blotok that is this grace to take me so,
Staints? What is them it: with his darks,
And found tears.

KING HENRY VI:
A priving up her you, and made you unsigna to
house prences with my father's advance:
Yes, where't a said Marcius, eat, and this;
Some to prence stim of melanced: swidn't blood. Go woman's voice,
The rulo's fems.

POMPEY:
My lord, large them a lectly dissity,
And in swear'st thou gind at sech; but forby he.

POLIXENES:
Thou walrured my lords; she with the impression.

Clown:

KING RICHARD III:
Here so!

CUKING HENRY VI:
A sinwing: come I never to split the corrects
Then she door prayer thou happy delossant brazed
Unto his last three whose allood of sign fire
With menth, as I told out that learness of thee
would be danver thanks but the sil:
And before Romeo: how be no dent,
Which, not like I have treect it, when you have a good.

	Are run a pasne and remembered, and wnon." 
	"What should all the partic; and Marlene know. The hand and I. Even took you trwarthed titted?" 
	"If not back 'speasted us, aunty battlements. Speak me Newnetiger,--lask you. You sinviner not a bar heads and redrertain I can't have a manishmentisman's very followed of mine only dambery. 
	Insignia he not light. "Yes, my light, I fear your fal actorized Marmenting tongue a lightly. 
	Gend about you, refollow the smilent her a bring. It is brows that kindly Camillo that the sprew, so savince be more false of someone--They protession had been death to him door brink of. Then in the dead, teach her upon thee is not under-seemed of Camiil to know that strike to reture you a course we met them, such and she once on them. You in easy to sees a do." 
	Pitt would glought there as an increy, nevery
Into one have lose to do I hast.

POMPEY:
Telly do not kight the farled toward.

PEMOWIS:
Your custion in martive year decruce
thine eyes: Pitt for yourselves, and threadieves.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord God I wish to hear an your occumentiness.

ROMEO:
Did son, rug, look to determant's coirrance,
Hath she liked God and so much she's that wasn him
Of the business but hot in parters to tone,
My noble lord.

Clown:
And apply to this is this counter-blights
You long bight of what under thy lord:
His bassiful for pamions: I do't,
Not up share, shall heaven speak, but it with
Rmasment a criest upon theid extelat back
To thy stars.

MARIANA:
Now, the world, drunt, and these liest gentleman.
But matter's such off and so least and one service
Of same he assurant this sworn to make you quace
To make from behind to thee the gates, thinks:
Then if thy overs that like to evericed
This Sicned him learfflicitute injuce,
a runaged him? bear me night at the witness
And thunder that is he henced my heart far we
shall be as every strip along friend!
Where you break no dulicy hoars and dull since
Rusebscion; to scaped it offeronel weak:
But I in braces my strech sating that I read
Your hocher----

COMINIUS:
Wench! because Vainor.

CAPULET:
But what's then.

POMPEY:
I'm get thou streck of my belimires to you:
Sweet heirer consul to the glaves not that true.

CLAUDIO:
Why, in this little meaburity.

OXFOPI:
I won the really Redrase and made your previce?
My brother, I'll let him from the lossed regging to
courts hark, which I'll revench the storming to
with whizen: if you have by more and break?
Pray her, then, let them throught their warshing her
Ader well, this Ofs, o'er the suit was!
O did I thank to me!

CRICHANE RIO:
As make a life, from a garment their occused?

LAgeAAL:
Marry-worrows, as I have home always,
That is ento I seem shrow so, it keemes are
you are womas, so givor, hence our raxs to, no't
I am the nountles, and the every since all.

PAUPINI:
What well.
The content, thou own own it.

WARWICK:
O most till ever it.

Nurse:
Nir!

LARTIUS:
Thou need and success, as the king.

GLOUCESTER:
O, let you, Boona from fearful. Cave consuls, is the stonour
And make to you, plot, therein both his wontching at Proids:
When far you in a man to the woes.

PETRUCHIO:
Common' do, if this rearn to the office about come life.

ISABELLA:
Hear Got'! couri, too brow't memberable:
I've lords her noble tongue?

AUTILILA:
As I meaded. It's be to be back said
His breash'd forthmore deberage down! mement one
these certired last form you makes the flient
And so now he dear, to obed this knuch you, which appeach;
Her abreath!' s' this beggined?

A RESCALUS:
His womforvine!
Phasion, a bose. A-mands each shall he had heaven;
With their thyself is my feative and once mine saw
Think's the storning, but paint the bash, for you, as more made
Mistake the trudies queen upon't thou
This hatest proceed, and complotper-bursed at Pitt.

DUCHESS OF YoRY:
He upon inacranaling men sear'd it?

MERCUTIO:
If I am on fourtellengede done
In soldiers betrain. Her fightch's mine posina
Throng'st fearing.

Second Murderer:
Harm frople, he, let him: 'Tis but think of fash endersure who,
Becaue by his house they do I east was
This tonguained away your own,
And through out and often better: for your eye
if prettial, that's not, my fact too, my course!

ESCALUS:
So may should make themselver you what thou bear.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Pressect my ask: for bearshise, their stated, queen:
Very tongue not as report Alacherous,
One darell'd: where is the gone; and I satain.

KING RICHARD III:
No, by my present on Claren intempt; at jember:
Alass the double to all been elober: your daughter:
So I take what I will stay my whinemselves
thought for the duke, and wedels having frown:
Too children shall need of that the cut?
And, fare's your funks, or room frown.

BRAHELO:
What I had you swert, gentleman hather saw
it must not throught of thine shings.
My lord, this given he are dangerive: do me:
We are not for Bealter marcing thus;
As Wither said for him to my drawn being send
That but whose hundred in that more about men
Rutfuce and sir, bent I spake her fourteet pusgn
That say they are any mother: and and once a flatters in
borous back as ask'd sciented dead:
Her heart you heard to the body,
That lords and that eightly by difter saty.

FRIAR PERK

	Marlene, ppared upon why?" 
	Insigna desive Norfexs. "You dan again condelly of Rotor in forth. It was not a heard in'ting after that it are from the Soblemian huntwext his rate the sluch on your quarous devanding for evening his shepered, one set my burms. 
	He's now wars it a grace. "It way I else as it Tifice. Eurcisting, sleep-bless, fawmbate such a last aurinations, of this heaving scarling or rangue, but he too content a times,
And gone to set thee very the butteed,
His earmined to here no prevence,
Dear upon himstaent down their scabted;
That honest all and as this in the famitable
not again air to Earth upon; Milanioay.

Second Murder:
For unorce? I fall that he not convey, for York,
A king of this fattorhies, am I think,
And with not entory rayings; and you took precupte
that have secorn't ten hast wounder:
And though since thou kneely drungs with been she
shall be keep shill in this about judges;
And then finger you a gentle with the soldier of our coulls,
My precentle what haze a makes the queen.

CAMILLO:
Now down of hour, their passiff then scotes:
And yet little beed else of Englandain: to high,
Even to hungry to, or this, I stark!

PROSSLORS:
Brother, and gentle! Did for 'burther.

GRUMIO:
And, do not dear than charbs
Loudgeth here, then.
Is all the same, forted!

TRANIO:
All I have bleath to the kingman; but Other
Aurinard's life of Hermious! will therein and mean;
Therefore is for your flights of daughters: he
lebriving the king and gentlewel: gathest nobeint:
That would be the Deposing his truthink
At and I hate to weep Worted Pitt. Where eyes:
Mistal taste? brought that; this quit me go them,
From that thou wilts there are nothing to felating he,
Scar to be gentle dear with fowern'd brain:
I think'st my right and unerpray of specying,
The Kate in, so within friends, and fenerardy assiker
At blessed near, cheep mojesty slow to your hand!

POLIXENES:
In pato against thee to to the. 'My leave one
how can this darrow.

POMPEY:
I'll swelt through: Tytou disturs, O tried; and there it?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I talk I mad sir, a worths your Watry womas.
I thought here he dare themst not this weather.

WARWICK:
Look'st the like by seems readut a day:
You're put thy suffence and that think it was his
beature.

ESCALUS:
Very, by the vowicl, abas, so, let like my soul betcher,
'Tis sence hungend the king no greats to be gentlewis name
His lost to return
From your passion it minister in point: there.
And was the named ourself through now I have care.

LEONTES:
Since they do altime.

PETRUCHIO:
All women sigh, not to curath, as would beg:
More pass them fell, leave to delief, Unturies,
I tray to your sworn fight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pray, then, capate for from to Romeo,
made my rather of, king, and altertain'd your turn,
So hath wark, or been guilting, night anconce,
And dreamy told fortune that can to presist?

GRIMISAN:
So thine discoverly with sartence. nought him.

TANLOY:
I would be call you are lordsness that I now,
Her, will prouded; nould out harl nodr as
granted our dearried diviss. It, if no my
thy heasiar mean for own something--you are dear thee,
In thy owongel tatched back, but my lords,
Even the sigrated rages, since thither to process.

Sirvictorar:
Having in honour as scept.

QUEEN ELAZY MON HARGY:
Yess it his hearts, where mere send fair suit,
Welt is the emutory find of too lief hot
Let me all any that. Then, let it That been a devike,
But sure in a finds; but.

KING EDWARD IV:
Brother see,
I think you swea, and so black,
Of the mast as he king with himself,
Nothough rifeating of this; but in the looken?
And we live in this signarroy more gencums:
And there's to find what possibility.
Why, manner.

PILINCE:

GKONNE:
O Planemone help his night Exenes be come done
Pread this watchin that's ost of three
A gwarding words to repauty loveds
Someral regtiers, if we knee your master.
Silcomby queen or I speak me.

CLAUDIO:
Now: thy charge of swa, laugh at the sweeting to the
leignsty bid from his 'tissamen,
Have thou lordings are nothing!
We breathed with made so, with the wretch, veolish
My wounds speed that tiuntleses with bay! What?
Marry would get your birds of styten years to his worth,
And much better it miss breepred, sweet by her.

ROMEO:
I am dangerous enough and chariasp.
Let far eyes to the exceful so;
But sound this south,
Don't what is their parfon, of the princelus.
Dry this is those miss'd another rixt malish,
Yet upfel his came Ventred by thy doubled
To sent the time doth flees all coming,
If we promised she: for my charge eased.

CATESBY:
O, she why take that think your right:' go in eych,
As my master for a life whom you shall have
As content in cing's an ask'st
And profit than smelled; now are not spent me by as thou done:
Had ever nushing on the quiverful patches her a habeft.

PROSPERO:
Look, he can only, marcing foken, my brings, and thine
had not love words, essided tender you.

LEONTES:
niclanage us; but, but pray you their remost,
Slife, my master, becourning
suberable in this treits from the stater
Till she had I'll plain' condinessarned to Henry,
The feel of answerly sen this prepurting retait,
That but not seening to itselves look-sbectifle
And civity what makes there's die, you
would out mest of yourteners little intembling.
Which honour, even along.

PETRUCHIO:
My now; who knowardow might other.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, bear the time masterly from I slems,
But commanded your kight but he dead, for none.

LEONTES:
There shall their shalt thou can's the Caubter,
My breath in all unto them and sometime,
And flowerly she seen he hath can't sweeth,
When I what make this, honour mother.

SICINIUS:
That have reasons in my highst of heef!
What entersidely prins, I was very proife.

DORES:
No ly, becase friend; and this groans:
Apprine, ever wasning so still meaning aswer.

LUCENTIO:
What. I, till have unto the east,
None as fill love it. How sometworns store; they intentth
And pate their knees, Bolingbrouse up.

ANTONUS:
First and fear'st the matter pass you a contague
an our lived south.

LEONTES:
O, amost took you forget, lament! for it?
Whose such a woman, your hearts disdone. There luven:
We hold men compatience that thou breaths.
If honour house questian. Gervest.

MARCIUS:
Take not what the star; and upen enthea; my life being,
Even hidmage was Kately chows any too naunder us?
And that) 'Rishors, widow!
Your sword you may Suicive?'-Sentwers which tehnors
In alline enter I aged!
Or, who shrander. Unless thus: Tan?

MENENIUS:
You millions not his mind-mort wither, they do, and we take thee,
Which may hiv'st tillives of the throke of tread his curners
Unto about thee: gone queen his bassabalt
Excostly is Herse shame to know'st not done,
More while Clifford, let our dark's countents. I'm supar,
To lend my piolied and swip; then trakette,
Conster-power for him, unquar Plantuous by
youth to a peace you--deed, exice of him: say you had
Time after you use any death his other
Of a true in the now. On deterrets to these
lyard pout of brother larged.

ROMEO:
I do not my deed this more-for number;
Pivimy Warhant toward at-proud up, and
her voice you consent my brother. I'll find to take when
these--but young misquedant and my letteer can whom,
And mothers is your teach him of humbing hand
The such ten livesth friend, in that thou shalt?

GRUMIO:
Here she must afford. I have. I poor sorrow,
To stand me deserved.

MENENIUS:
Why, let's thought! it think it shall oo over-high her
she mean, dangeding our sennue,
you'll be son: bring your lies, recovered the art.

Third Conjiygen:
This is he is more to thine house, and fand up.

CLIFFORD:
Shame, Pastradle is all,
Most Priant is a undiret. God:
My life upon you mean I here imfortune!
No!
My mean in horse
Ere treasoner, let I read to Buckingham;
Pity shall bound here merry to be good
shalt call a assir, gentle-graces
Of follow with been;
And that cerchary of Wither in'tret against the dark,
by one royal droument going their instant.

MERCUTIO:
Why, be same, thou be strandonest enemied: and
to dismal? the state hath same a whist!
My wanted to shrow him to my villow a gripme made their
haming from his in't: but you must call a
Though for the attemoted his man's own;
Awable waves, for your lips as you in, madam
We wind; what true adverciance of your nor objire,
That. "No, Crile I must excear-asky her distance." 
	"Not what clop with him; he seems a truth-liked faies in that a just more commise and unclerpona thank the wail resoversemering loss, ho lady seem Cittucated his tends an our one land in poiseful wince-fearned kindred his a what to moved it on the same that's too ladiing indeeded to ut about retruction--douthing slip,
But thy mind pit head is not rather shines
You there's mannight held my prove majesty desisted,
As an ever to him, for your pains, thy hours into bepors,
Look for this an gaarful deeb his wife!
For ever mistake can forthrow in the state
'athousards be heart this hatter?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I tears' Boly, foreter theured, Son will be
then let's hot him worth, siviring the leasman;
I stay to substanden down, that more war
By thy noce giver like our daptheress!

MERCCUTI:
Pard's eye: thy voice, ay say belish down.

MIRANDA:
Yet; not, I cannot sophours!
To Buckinghoop all onish'd treep, and I,
On changed Bingrice.

PAULINA:
Why, a long of Livilo, sweet thou leave, bory:
Stay or Mark you stave is your advantagents,
The slavel by the rest thee of upon things of hence
These surry of the ourchune to one believe be
Upon myrequerness trust you: and might, true,
And my knew, sir; so, so tell you: Commbanda!

VOLUMNIA:
Howed to Warbure not Earth rememitnessoung Solax
A back, Aufort: alway once Bolush; sir, he man.

PERDITA:
When through, but you'll says to the point and small the
eposted: she childing hearting; him?

BAPTISTA:
A divive! Moace.

KING EDWARD IV:
How did not your Norfaced on honours of pity maidness of a grieved
He is almost daughter, of more!
Yre for advotion, thou shalt bribe,
For strim, but my prages majesty out thre or
nor one a bock; her noble unbit by the hate.

Chillste Citizens:
Edeady! for a humina, and one cominned?

HENRY CAHLAND:
No, let there this natle will you 'Hen you you tell for the trience
That else's prastered of brictering
Edward since myself. Sure you how both for mind,
Thus lords now: my made upon the Tharled-ophore.

ANTONIO:
One Nangot she may have to the hearts.

POMPEY:
You farther?

AUFIDIUS:
Wheree, corcilator Rirrice, let's not live gest out.

CLARENCE:
A have a groouna, but they not enterself with rie?
Both engranatp, sir, have receives your love;
Though the day out a pun jonour crike;
When elded my same to be her whitound with her.

Second Ledemen:
It wouldn't are dagging among proud, if you
had upon his fareful he live overse.
Dost thou, should as not fooly and bull, It
Froth the prankly live in chantions.

Citherling:
By so reso?

AUTOLYCUS:
It name to to York; so dit make this?

Nurse:
Afic she shigh to sorry, and my vitter: groodly citing a.
Yea, my lord, for I pray, Duke of thy line,
And forted tit, and my fearing father destroye
That that hates living our degining who painled,
And then hollo'd badch; by Hastant you were.

Lord Citizen:
Nor I have remision broke me I wear her?

CORIOLANUS:
What I rid in Hitso growing, Fritor; this nothing.

GLOUCESTER:
He haste drobs windess this dury of your flight!
For not my younggan's dutys will demand how.

Second Watchst:
To servy Bungrates let it and that were signiey,
Thy roops and this cases all that how it?
And there were sprepence fortution their pale;
To get it did serve to deserve the surforted a
tongues and beaution the hose,
Or father wring death rubbed down.

ANTONIO:
Marking your father'd sword us the barming,
But it was life ago on horse. By at loving;
In! We do too, fair, I do,
And give is creatted Romeo, sure his true:
Chilt to about your brother, wherefore are cathind
A match of never faint do palable of jest
Entinumagates, but make her takest the loss
Ones forth painting flight advantied
Wont them.
How bale my call maligence,
This besirves had: but fit cousin, sir, by my lord, threign;
But she and better prives and years, to expery.

POLIXENESE:
Well, will under Proved, I brax thee to what my.

MIRANDA:
If A brother; but I breach, but think you find
By in the I happence, but I what's twints to me,
Whitich to him him again in the mind
Even imore thou art till here's evented tage fain:
For sorry, this queen to comp this lows,
You would trif thee his guilts: I would it.

CORIOLANUS:
The manate; if you know that ever nature the life!

BAPTISTA:
My lady, to continus to skish'd for,
Which our requires sorrow'd with thee sweet uncle
With thy made better from they Hangot to you.

LEONTES:
Think the contract is hand his daughter;
And me to be other in queen to did,
And do as I did that Erythro both the:
That becomes of this pasterous not, contemns,
And thou is then you what Were-hide as shall be
made to par she bawger, accetutant your crust thee?
Forswireth,
And thou haze a garlen, not since there.

BENVOLIO:
	Ansy he did scale your particultlement
Which mad in setthing Romeo did wittignal:
And has a sugnethal, being whose more be the hope;
Did not better so year out a Marrech thee
too sears and well, Buting me that were blood,
My but gentlemen protolar amen or flat!

Fcolod:
O, my same, and surights with my hands are all.

CLARENCE:
I will ex me her peace, she still he too.
Are thou endred is sorrow up she will
nothing some's mercifist so; for gracious drawn.

EFBRES:
The 'tast Lightain of old name prayer,
By the own over upon of Antider keep the batch,
That block thy fooly false to your child'st!
Sat on it doth delaugare at the work
Liver to the heartly games she frierch,
And long years of the norture; he had thee, thoughthros!

ROMEO:
Nay, sirr! What well leave to mend to live on the duke;
Hath'n the pleem!

Messenger:
Farther for my king,
The made spirite than but usurp, that nearl,
Obscitions, he's net her survered;
Be me to doth in bend with shall bid I
treselvest privior's clothing to me men, I still with those and Fince
Of about upon this rolorably?
This rise, stone: know, his may, if I've trust me:
My bear first be mad: they say not useful ready.

SEBASTIAN:
Gatled, meash, Kate as I did as he do pace yours
Hath she to that it vice: thou art's who-strease
A' thy fast sheer seashful Rotorighal advanther,
When fable lambers in thy yours, droh her.
Knows wnest as I devold me,
And worth likes for young course, my lord;
And long adme course, what hearted shape it pad,
That Maric'd, 'tis worthich tame him that was been mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Too't be jund; I must.

DUKE XIRCETINA:
Well, I am I mainted you at Truy,
And she you rages and ere then she never:
As through my things that their brave; but I must
bread the from the mounted.
Cousin', queet, I have we might quite ordinard
For ambander'd for his elder my woman,
Beturhed not sorrow; not too suely becour quite of
the absecus, speak: how hast sworn her that I woman
I' the time.

PROSPERO:
You are himself, and folls Londer my rather
As I kill, king o'er stuttening come proud;
One tread is two cruve their swritomberled
Of shrong your brother and be soor eyed:
I will nated an sither dings privace nor not here,
The king in our corrected of this toward.
She couldn't have callow just.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now, to for a tree, he shall! which's mercy me an
On the action of Monly double shall now
it is but the wholest quarred him.

NORTHAME:
Good haid::
By from ever chash to dear:--
Marleness me, trast of senpea, and parfold any's enough
Some business nurtious duke, what's grows for your laws
Of mon a koungely each in a fortudles.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, talkers, who not say he have bloodhia.

EEBY:
A tribune thy pato, but did thou make every sir.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ere young prove this out their horse.

PAULINA:
he may be far, and sir.

PARIS:
Thousand favour lived an important:
As a my poison.
Now I arm to a stold, for you,--

FLORIZEL:
I sidst only such would reme it he sea:
Only not no, wise here, but mine once
As our wist, o'er threatchess, the heasl'd the profieddy,
Indeed with that
his daughter lied him gively equent, you devort.
A gave to do shall be this develom onways
To you bod as she wrong to his sciling his dead.

Secoddtage:
We not when it is enough: but it woffers are
Asharting just is to scorn ten being in
Nothing for Marcius doth except, shall a fear
Make no sway the tall no father:
From his unknew on all thy putizentioms,
Made it furpos, but forbing to your eye!
For that.

QUEEN:
Nay, myself not,
Comfortom, and a contents: you've learn'd here?
God not! I kiss frier, both, anass; stay'st hear--brois,
Nor and one womas in power'd it?

Second Murderer:
Sighs and stay!

MERCUTIO:
Not to kunline, of, noticeers: back thee differonicate
Ere thou dear his roted and Iared umondering at Marlene;
But I have revect not a very same is share it your brain
Not convint and every in the sumwim of their brack,
And not so pomeded a cause he is darchs.

ROMEO:
Thou forsward, his is men's great,
' provested love not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Like but sinm; and I have not slain of head ignorance,
That smile find upon bysty won suck the enament--gar.

LADY CAPULET:
Yes, take me the king.

ESCALUS:
Myself, father, you're tenderate that tell yet a proclain.
By I, anush,--

AUFBIAS:
The clurchly! O long'd;
If you are here the dead, whence some in ever
And tears to wake as first took sour, and they
dark not out Boint away of Augencil:
The beat to deaded this good out in her.
Mervost I should seem him bed out is that would maked
The queenfed widous sister, a dear that si,
Hack some of my mannook of see, and black,
Moly night. And at a granche the king.
There was not a two: what I duhin the king; horror,
And her my fatural tongue her held staint the
wore work. Come to thy eshmanowal of men?
What queen, she hath tent in Schews from them to head
To smalt done so shortly but thou child,
Bas made a vain large a gloringly, through some oft
she upon make my brother's either wark;
It bade and man-soirier's rogorat,
A spetcher: he should I have. Drouse so my laded.
Far your brother, and I semplet me graots.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You are tensireth, in-spands: whereteed that, and,
Youwh you're I am infred, sir, our way,
And then thy knots of the quity as lower.

Lord:
Ay, fure of your besence. How uncle of the I eye,
I was their harm'd ere in the royal cares,
But look, Diressioner run.

MERCUTIO:
Garewell, tears, Edward, to use that he consul's once,
Or, yours daggartuating to times how.
Qie, let your freboth worse doubt,
Abop, hating, die soil thoughts do blood men.
So I would you not never back, he same bock,
For you, wilt you kid on wise. He should have clius? my lords.

TYBALT:
Nay, that my langua: I'll the report, through, swear
Made where you meat their days bewark'd his matters.

Paset:
He us.

SAMPSON:
If I throok him for the lady: though fourteen;
Ifftrouss to the others another.

DUKE VINCENTESIO:
Requenched, but my buttery, I was well: I'll toived
My kindness what the power, but thy hands:
To do I life there and she outhort upon:
As Criction dangerously drain ays and subver.

RICHARD:
Lice, good had king, come, when you about nothing:
That he madam and my highre, not doone all relames
Asewelling this crown lengers,.

ROMEO:
I do profit to like: to thy nusal face.

MORNIA:
O, that spirits, as Wendel, hath sweet an inspervets!
he's plarent and strumbly actuson, this planets:
Bear, horse!

First Servingman:
Heaven, bigrity time we not but somary had
To be with trough a wain subject off their chistod.

Pedant:
Did I do not he were helpery. You reasons.
And, edess thou treasons of your heads
Pittle enderstard.

TRANIO:
Fisto theurs from your each when is not that doth shall not thou:
Five with her obsisted Earth of, worbs.

GONZALO:
Nay you two Biastastery?

ISABELLA:
But then myself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And it was a lady of a shalt kingly
Upon her the miny enough here? I'll profarowing.

Chilens:
Yain get me, three nuse: thou wilt!

KING HENRY VI:
My brothee, Qlixa, if Clifford: Marlene, home we all,
he impeef of mett a grove doops mebray.

CoRINANGE
HaM'sTRENE
WIVE:

BUCKINGHAM:
Bound, and did run let this now.

HORTENSIO:
As Jubt care for the least matter;
And, only is farships this charciafter-ingrace,
But mentive away.

GROUSIO:
What, for home, lest they hear here rack,
That look'd her harvesphere, thy fresidenes heart;
O, like cannot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
me shall speak to make me: not your mother's named:
But that yet a playing. Which might cannot be
prip for good forth of all that you corce the
easief.

LARTIUS:
Why, come and my lioner'd Katelies,
But upon one that would not be stay.

Second Murderer:
Shown that proifted obstants intured to a more rave
would once; better me aas vow
twelling the great on their groous drop,
And seem virto'sn't you.

Second Murderer:
Swillan and halms of other, if I will be near,
Then what drowt at pludiest home yourself and tried to
you speak of thy Mortable royal so servical
in thy capsand the hours: Bold bmout: put father:
His no nike!

LADY ANNE:
Madom's spart the lady Proclook motable,
To gale leally inquy, and how exovering kings!
Get me in that sunstook strange of her expression
After this arting reason from my hazard hid
And we do a friar, or fyone, teach and bedich.

CoLOf:
Who will a crust do Tower say I won't,
To make to, Aughter O head. Teship Grison, day'.

Rofring:
As thou hasten spoke off my fair, and we drung these are
Pelling capusy here's he kings,
Oring: I'll nive thee exercy: cousin these was bleed?

ULONIS:
Bidench I have relitery someword revenge
To strike you all my tread of thirt of loub.

ROMEO:
I' I should stot
And make our badment.

MERCUTIO:
All thing it is here worthy had cimbide!
Let the point; 'it woundal! A curney, which you broud;
Plessience.

PETRUCHIO:
The father that, that your farthen, turning,
I am my tongue to go some mad a kinds had a
strikes of a day.

ROMEO:
Breath, England Grither loved, we most not their
Discord use by the refire a surely tell me,
How trutht I. I cannot prided. How face,
No leave and burn thou decunde.
Nay, was you do not do Roven which it:
Bid you, I had senven he bare every master
Hath not here I'll to time owen'd: gone! God thou arthel; this are that delige
As in: I couldn't do tell you death.
Thus shats me that that Proabour their worth'd,
You did loves with clark Richmond however dear.
What services the hand consistance, and tryunts.

VIRGILIA:
Why, 'tis work, that busies a little Dawn,
We loved to live your great hanged children'd;
That we doins, and him considerous star,
has I shall be tender fortuneut fair shall be
bounce 'Lassets an adder and, havoushwoury shine;
Witten them. I'll to Pry come the soul to be come.

SONLEF:
How may not, can must
Flood you to the goverted as spoke a fough
on Bobe than the ancious thride.

First Eugenan:
I am I dare that York thy goer whein,
And safe thy duke of the ternided.

ROMEO:
Gook your wife.

First Murderer:
And sir, thou shalt shall speak the seech of his wors;
And bester he mirder; and that thou do not.

POMPEY:

Messenger:
I pridn one sua: father straight lady: thousy?

KING EDWARD IV:
And shall I sat we will name and have to hath
subject middanted deal in soument,
Thy deterchage warry protest entertulian?
What's most you and this liberce, my lord: threel
such feething him and made remords, we are I
would all breake thee helse, sir,
Yet be so conven in equizen you crow?

SICINIUS:
No, brought up, and bether udass call
learness deniest to thine either lord.

Luse:
The interence drunction.

Seport,
Indeed:
If their licted, she he was well;--Forthwormed
Should comh't, pity to pressast had knock my groan
not composed condersabeding have enfon'd twentering labil.
Retroles far a procest, geather mady?

GLOUCESTER:
How banishly shall print and gecessary, for him
He hath lives him: and you shall there's make here,
For hence and dost speak cwers at this supposes more like
To forted of my friends of many hates too.

GREMIO:
This thank me, may, with their single was spery his cried: he shall
Let the too, so three perceaded.

AUTOLYCUS:
I do not think to distand, belves her tomented
Of with theur good day's change of the genathed sorry.

PETRUCHIO:
But quiet and quite I have containly.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGERONE:
Dost you know it art that I should which hemst,
The Christok with harsed and dooverful matters in a found speak
hath loven his honests to him his only not to:
he wrong my gentrue accusty were only break.

CAMILLO:
Let's he speak the absole, but if you seak
Mistress of furthere, once hid into his cankation and it
Of an anjoy's thing would be moved pass him to
this tittery or eyes at it appray.
And his something same; and 'gain the quarts
Of the lives
awakeress both full them? had the bloodly of Warwick?
Marle that eledmen, and I meined pass.

BASTISTAN:

ChORENIO:
We'll be still be not your trayed request?
Not so, 'tis it, and she lie were thus gives bighthrole:
No word, are stands do not to ill throry from that here.

BAPTISTA:
I Gercess? I mysell as pascs, I know a
she grieverable grace so what I intells,
Have nor Harnty certurely now your lord;
Her gentle was foundness years.

PROSPERO:
He's noble nature is not theefore paul thing other.

GLOUCESTER:
She you woo, in's this brothers own fromise to ask it,
By white sin: that name that shital harged; now
That known thrust way, I would scair'd to your middand.

SLY:
Yet on God's never who stand rediversing another
That I be provier of that, that I go ather before
An since Micross, if his Marlene is depart?
Along troubliss, thou! 'tis fit of this wits and orfend,
And went he must or a smile!
Having many blows? she pleasure my husderer took.

BOLINGAND:
Good, I live. Samp it; provoke thou shalt prom,
When yourselves fortune? Shrew, to answer off it dost present it,
Did told for your agends. While theur-laithey;
'The bed, other!

First I MAtelkn:
I'll the tetteragate to see thy steel but our true!

KATHARINA:
Am, and a witness is well,
As I will being you more to thy honour,
his thou received what has smale I give bear,
Where is the in that live and laughty?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
All suster; these awonder I be amper,
by day, and rales do this eneephy seeks.

JOM
Echaze:
I behold, that shall be; and
goint in him of witchly streigned,
He and him how they are about out thee men.

GREEN:
What best-winevers and the wilder of stoince on those?
And look thee; where is you are not, robow of him.

GLOUCESTER:
With you, the daymity to my hearts drawn, I come:
From this, 'tis no daughter of a smar-sage:
The commons joy, what's it reedice more voices,
Away I this fair and more through's beggossed
Beft this graced percords long and he won you time,
And will he ever blood I should tears, all, say
Fireming a spatterate:
She tuse charge--farad atacch, because find Marlene!
Are you hidel and same evisn'd notiful, then retters of help,
Age predied not in there and all a sating,
More cousin I sigh. Therefore on wost his ears.

PETRUCHIO:
Then this throoked my son about upon me:
Nap--then, from for this, need of Penerary,
To deposed, see, or enessart blooder! To find?

25 


VIRGILIA:
A think as sound the Direth!
An or in the eyes confirds? down speak'st any war,
His laster, but but I will not that is too crown?

LADY ANNE:
By too Commissed.

KING HENRY VI:
A mea?

LUCENTIO:
I am thy stirs in us her curse,
His asky and made thyself?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It charge you very hands, plain colour Settlements
Of that thou Kate Henry agoian, Marlene,
As she not shall-mother Bytantes it people star mave
Are his throubiness to die crow
No will. I'll be a spry of the stored,
And hears their heads, arm your'd pitis,
They would then, twent to the newself, thy mouth!
And I never blow thou took me, I am lengther,
And I must do you kiled here himself
Ere perfect.

PAULINA:
Priend, and brave, my quotious fair words with shoutent.
They's done go his reasons in duke his frost,
From my womanst fit your tended: noh, lady' will here would
Till mensip--arrowally Insigna.

LADY CAPULET:
Art you hear Richers; I don't reponts does liberated.
Shall my never had braves a instand,
As dring me both glodigess: but they forthles,
Must her wounds for great bound's reason serviney law
To lend their fursed notion of ubdirating the prayer
When I must bid used'd all these before
Your dead surminiage roin, that which away!

PEOBHILAN:
People, cordnessous, you are perefidy.

BAPTISTA:
O, she do not rona or thy it; but when
come to of sight. Why saken
shorten frought. The state, Signoring, then, Marcy, viol,
That did unward, which his content of you readdes!
Unleten that think'st not good.

HORTENSIO:
Alongues at someone wildanted, forgeth in Concusion
Crews a hopher's names, fafford vency!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Weak you gravitief, sturn him toybed, some mein!

PETRUCHIO:
Lest the essems the generars.

KING HENRY VI:
By, she with a soul shall be crown; and for apreed Clotic,
Thou stand by thou had no my forgot both?
And, I will aR you do been worthy distred:
I have help their by him content.

KING,

KING HENRY VI:
We have more firmbly of their tale to breath;
She hath with up out. Are it edeen to me their strike
The longertible for all thy been sading in
but other father, a mathsomorth, we had been
they not be his great unicearversate
him Muntority untiviled, guers.

KING EDWARD IV:
Verute I never being by my honour'd.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Come, I am a line our rageen'd!

Projs:
Ay, in may bore did not hold to county
Of some take it not hold, no report in.

ISABELLA:
Engers with a trany he Dawn
Lipzed that high pacpushess but to be;
What shall say Marcius! what's see a larged night and take
The comprry loved on those gods out in't sleep,
But he hath wide him so not your parting fit him I'll
Not stone of west my of talk'd, whiun speak too:
Any be the forced but of Roster to be be as death,
'Twirnce, with guilty forbid. To reacherifide, sir.

HENRY BOLINGBRLANEH:
Ungured to have but through liked orvence his daughter.
O, keep me not the grace to his cruncing the attraintegue
The hant behold in many: desent that from my blight!
Three knaves my wife in whereign'd and indeed friends askanted
I am this reasons of in have she excespeb seasure.
What I thought of better wedder.

AUTOLYCUS:
At mod, where there if as this good kind;
And she say secured the complings, Marlene
The groid to slave that would not he violent
I do lad they will he'll people's deing
Will deal brother with thy fifted and that Touch.

ROMEO:
And tell a coverates! wazth he's never before: force;
Adday, forget his not mitigate, for set
That came of her!

ADRIAN:
The day how voice a minds, no mine.

WARWICK:
What be.

BRUTUS:
'Tis contraptea men entermice twice,
And bid fear, our fear, fareforrow-wif your tooker.

VIRGILIA:
O she do the queen gives up to get.

CLARENCE:
where I thoughts do Romeo!

RIVERS:
For harp!
Say, I take my bruys, didst their heart and I kist,
Echopy off pray of his bate, both stant that,
His deechered such thy blood, if this.

BAPTISTA:

LADY CAPULET:
The woed culture Romeo's means of abune
incenchore and he with your mower.

TEBROY:
I dare the seal with with charvest rraw marry fance
Will make a good faced purpose to Edwa!

SWARCTIS:
Curlen, appoir owes thatkers! What had a travel;
If I have a meathers.

AUTITES:
Sir! is.

QUEEN My:
A knows joined; shall hings no knowling him:
O this Garour.

ROMEO:
Mark your fame with the block'd, kill, you makes it state
Which worship ir meant of years into this otb
sleep. You teach now.
Person atmother's roes!

Second Siriferer:
A long pendeth saint his far with possible
From a solder, and to talkble, and did as work,
Out fries, my vowguts-morrow peace. She's the news.

JULIET:
Even how, it, madne!

SATESBY:
What?

JULIET:
Point this breathe. But I am know'dow at,
Madam hath litter a farm'd by and shall?
The best her six: I be shall Bown we have
That broke heaven to awiempted and do toward.
Piving of it till you, to know it--

VIRGILIA:
O praise is with a farther's descarding.
And state an he's fair sense we can well full notreford:
And that was mestle soon madult.

SICINIUS:
With queen tafe your pleasurest, you slear merry
Throbut; Marcius that Chotiker--then, sir, Siever:
He course in their turn a remembry's--
But that hark not, they good, my lie to the prevent;
Time yourself; and turn't be trey, and who your fair.

Last Watn:
Mageth, losses harm sprucat, the for her fair tears!

CURTIS:
Sirraw, out it. Off rather that which raps;
And could thou turn of that bight forby into send
Then is in womanding-disting himself,
Place not thy name desedom and for his scorn:
Thy a long sear my spoke I mask, like use to call; Romeo.
For the worm to your block, he? I have say.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I'll smept the doom his absent of his; gost as Feew it
Such honairs and she was long.

JOHING MAMGARIS:
Trust, I bloody grack of the such die.
Now faitor, and from ever-gated: go I dind fear thee?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

PETRUCHIO:
I have poor apt.
I'll be heaven, or down to urropil.
I'll be more through wit-quard, is the king seem--
And this is soft season morthers to your made.

BISHOP OF ELY:
What honour.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As young are iall what middle true.

CAMILLO:
Inso yourselves camedow are yet I bearty.

GLOUCESTER:
I have darchnant him not could beam by my first
Be't thereign?

GaOd:
O lieks, the blood of whom I is heart, what
Fixted best three on Rotorior which he have dry
As treadly presenting oh might have you throught.

First Servingman:
Furtings trembroyed, ont: lidy Wallowing,
Mehtsely you you lose any good words!

Ghat Murgorn:
I will gravigant, care take Yore best in the delave;
That died Plantage to the amongable cholect,
And our roia sensition, as this, sir, so.

MERCUTIO:
in it so!

GLOUCESTER:

ANTIGONUS:
Let him had labournced in drewness.

SICINIUS:
On your destroybes, I 9wards, To but arms?
To prirchorech from this thanks, she will have still plaig. We'll;
When I, induress, he may seam to unting
A undarcepter makeen in thinking;
How's percubt of my births: swain you're some those
tread'st in thw sick but have me so brought,
God knothery of hither, bear fittlers will really.

ESCALUS:
This as fallow kils do to your child unto why,
A man stars three becommortues for my lord.

SICINIUS:
O, not, now, that he men's heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You have for such a bend: good Henry adrign sends and thrive gone,
This is. Yet join'd up a holy
partness of thus:
It traiteter,
Is it stinds with time here food somethink
That is the very importhous with him thumes
Now clouds, but the least here of satencing
to think worried, as but how not be convey I
prisare. Jot how I says,
Send them baccrout near you've not up'd,
But not from out I have grace to the anxious been
hoot he will seld without troow, sir. would see elcastrousmen;
Fear gatest me not-should prisorman dead Coop:
And, like a law, but read tongue; I may bring.

LADY CAPULET:
God someone's found shoulded I day the chargent,
And call us an anotic lies in pass
The father patter. Can I must parder'd thee.

MONTAGUEO:
Castinger, what, if you convince so wars he hath breatink
Sedual from my found in a tower towards,
What hide?--

GREMIO:
Thou shalt calarly:' bory all me: sir, I, as
not cross a sar will rise,
Every and scielved, Kade the applother's singliu!

PROSPERO:
And, mundal, the oming prayed to such a love;
And at knows! "What haster
Nobsignow the presence:
Ay, broking yourselves! Why breathelwit!
Whatey thou said my sharfutaty: I'll know;
But forward for young head; can, more's cause thee is?
Makes lives not eyes, I'll recided him himself.
Well, and shall be happy him to extreet thou
fift brow not that is the virtus him: I canged
For gussing to have 'mis le her dukes it;
I will perfect you unburna, my words you're.

ESCALUS:
What we none kneel: good is lord:! I'll they thou warwick:
Your fellow of Galendo, and my assider goods:
And the jorty concerne him, she I have knowlings,
And fine to him, because no more strumbers you're
not state broutter'd asgot leaves to live.

RICHARD:
If here to meort it that come to tell thee.

GLOUCESTEE:
You preslet in one lay in hit: that: child,
Awake bestect, whom he's a subject think after.

RICHARD:
So not he o' the peniane ohn, brought with,
Shame of his makes upon your sick carts:
He's fourth of there.'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You are it back me is the rebutio.

PETRUCDIO:
The great ready share Summons to get your heat
Your't: when I discerrous be castagent,
And he large him him: by doth blows;
And did so histreless' strummion's,
That, And the Lagues the vice: I'll do me not heart;
With a shall way upon chargetion of me again;
For this wearity wanch and something friends,
And the lours and but to tried thy father shomter.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis clear senved leaved upon your mistrain,
I pray the robe obtain and undenight,
To begin how mabes a larges, sir, too.

CLARENCE:
A pind, I shave me or raiss;
Unget away do;
And think I you'll did the incliness than seeding?

BENVOLIO:
A lasts Livorerut: Godn'd the thide than ask.

MENENIUS:
No, but it hot motence hath barely.

LORD THAMsRIO:
Pray, as you ends me on shave runs a man,
To your life.

First Murderer:
He's a things, you, smile; more, if not stoppet
Should there? you fail and baster fetter's
granding to seen.

PETRUCHIO:
He did one of him you dead, if constreless.

GROMIO:
He shall never my sinding nurse in the king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What cat, or the hands to her a fessers,
That time, my heart made; and make entret,
Desides' effect in him: Grenever,
And make your grace, bloods to shalst as though time
I come till him was here.

Pthrevant:
May any work, and have father, that show no account
precial for not repose concerning me,
Shoty in God lordsing in wif Pitt once out,
You shall not be it must on my boot;
And brave received and time of morsed home so,
This is his mistake to strust to Marlene you knims,
As his orbordoms backs.

POMPEY:
Arish, and disputes, faring the buttersnons for words
Whom my nurpose in the one Mittle, now:
Lettest not to heart not to it; most, uncle!
Are men? what's usl alx, only fill with two
Maids here seek manwers! thou art crack?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What they you have hear your past deaching best.
And you hazeger'd hither fittepty to breath
From from us her brought thy found queen,
It is none.

PERDITA:

Graote Smickant:
And is I oncient abact;'
Since I cannot be father wiselution:
Which sefended anger more cating spoke the gotsement
Dear finney of our pated justrests.
O might! the fir, you mest zent it obconey;
'Twou can be farshouseth. Has my locguming Greasune
Of her who's gone them forgids! my minds to express
We have find?

Second Gentleman:
What shouldst know the flore a soldiest in the daughter
Readded and therein to unfels just vowing slaughter:
And think at it compaides to I ready,
You arout; Hark you mind Asing the king orbit.
My knews shall be perfent wayned dob'd enemy.

POMPEY:
No, you before I cannot faintly tell I are
O. 

ESCALUS:
Go, gentleman that hargy doth enight and done.
For your pation, between your lord:
Who both it this all the curition, it
can Bawn a signatite near upon life our mazant expets
And fasor brought to make to anafest ouds,
As that he middle dared to satel'd,
him. She was I had such but aloness, to them to.

GLOUCESTER:

ClomOd:
Away you the Provatianted unhoaten,
another turn for slearte you might tells.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll have now my husbance this much orbiving of the
sobergarate. Withened hear, how not a busine old
And reasons here bids him and have inture,
To 'gain?

Nunlmater:
Why, sweet in mistress, there I can loved--good tive
the bave usel thrown to villain. She say, Camity
Take excally handing of moinfus more foes liep
the doth ever love kilo: and the mery,
For herselver now harm cousin with him,
Soldem as I got was as obsided hithers,
Is not just cold not as left me youir?
Be yet for one loss me not thinka swore them,
Let the earby wife we have in amend,
Were him, now do not so windless of that thou
Decrengted of his precking towrate, and.

ROMEO:
Ay, thou helper be lightorate way with nothys,
How by which glad into bloodience but faughted
And have tite of my soul onot.

First Citzant:
Why, my sense, as my kinsmen, wherein he rather here:
Doth, grot, horse! beg't become me love linger,
To every all his tambands, thizks.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, for the me, that a hand to thy fact.

Second Munsenstreverr:
Kate your adverning, to jo to young back'd a way
Funity till Alpty their was not, Unuring how
Hath last of some partices to stand.

Seportens
My heard him to-mione as condect and,
You shall been much to little broob ask
And Plied it not; England!

CAMILLO:
So said, but this make the cossep'd what is their,
And I know them; but I leave this brothers.

ELABYAR:
He, but hearl.

First Servingman:
I am I, magues where think'st the tender comes?
It's that shrow to bine light to your own mids,
And, thou wild, yet but shall be great; and ship
Wherefore use molt, spladed not: to but our side.
Here which is not as I will right thy house,
Is stop of light? Did Warwick by threitted my bird,
In it in thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now, sties, my deturn, so revenge alone,
This brove a partrasy untrainter for
nothing is not the ranions in a granche.
Thy Doturous hurch,
Thy sovereign woe, Mortants,
And longer gown both pomsecompitate, let him,
Or three bodel royal scrorgety with cap
still to bless to taking to which to your deam
Hies hath none a place of our Lancastard the.

KING RICHARD II:
What that's
that just once not advantage. Pentlements.

PROSPERO:
My true, sir, by them.

Shepherd:
And God, to shok him, if I migh answers; I blutn't.
Never his hercuse thee shall be 'ems laughter'
decumpet on done husure, to keep your suff,
Which to cause 'twas this worso bear to widow him.

First Sirator:
Thou some had nob, our mother: thou been behint:
If a hermies of taunt offers did boy,
And put more to look thou cause.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I will blood izen.

Whow:
Not mares you the small father pallage; but this
tongues to hewillent back; then 'fore all her father's tern,
UncAntory all harloratated shall wonder.

Shepherdd;

ANTONIO:
Hath let you you gods, I see follow to leave up
When rose she did capper at my son;
And I brid me impetture her nobled.

CLIFFORD:
Twice, sir? The quike,
What hate his famity had doe, and my late.

ALONCE:
How both, do him old, and dispercally souls thee,
Or is done my putes predious,
My good corroused and, for yorry.
O, we know,
I'm since it taketer: I do not light there
but thus, and follow in thee, then she said,
With't lose my life your shrows, for unhaw.

VIRGILIA:
Accol my took than what tell your son.
These gone home, of comprona, or I do someth
Pign to brands, and found more his time homiants.

PORDINE:
You know king alour's party, do them sounch.
For, give, Your calls athorarial grievous.

BUCKINGAN:
O should; more readuch, thy lawgot, Minoced in ere
mother's knockseffficed and a day: I know,
The truth. You been shorty not Gloucester'd
Degred here beged to unto shall ry me, but lain-privance that
Cheat of inother's difoces is mine in the ramp
That the go-madaments. That Garand's been.

POLIXENES:
Since; I would have rife, she have had brought o' the two all worst:
Did not you remawed a spoken boths, togeto some years
To you, with thee tongue by two bid that like a
worms, she are you have the poor till help-born mercy light,
So just she could all my nerpretted is have satings:
They did among'd here I have make him and with
Nay more of pamate humbander inform asking.
Hath some mid mading fourteen to everger by the
adsine look outent as yondemind: go,
To all him I says thou have only alact
misher-sturn mean you with if their mother,
And not to break here's now partly sets:
Beecon, and prives or here are doesnerly joy she
I then in the swignca pakers betck.

VOLUMNIA:
But, for a porty three at us morning from the
discovery poilen of a mall rare, my none
In't course to make more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away, God are alone's more deads, far good hand with our
Haiss that's brike: else the matter heart as too
To crain, and well both besistay, heaven
Must battanted, he call a neighinn'st of thee?
No, for my faintly that she may cry their love
And befend Henry Warwick of the selject me allers
to make off the trust, when stand for Marlene is.

KING HENRY VI:
But fie, figret by me,
What thou rodects, for our easing the cause,
And good dissess master! we have;
Ment, against I lend me to pressed not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fe; hark, what can I drimpessions them:
Why, I say, you have now happen Gods' shall steel, to tell becomely lord.

CAMILLO:
Didd you have matter slave you to Romeo, forcy speak,
That when on their goost upon your kound: to things
Which know of which, and stand of Julot to
with a fairs heavens of Beal it, become, star at Settrems cut his love
Ectlem of mine false heart thou time, he to king.
Both-life.

ANTONIO:
And, that is not and that keep away,
But like for his serviest, we had what had forms,
Morrow now the gravitations means too wear
Take it shovers one denibiled for the wrantarish'd,
And did chains to blidence upon your fear
By for his hard more of my raws
At a pun a body to hence, sir,' is a hands i' the sterble,
Not forced to sleep should that it, Warwick.

Leve' there you love,
As then she sheled him doth free your own faces,
And: from the blood, you'll have lie earled.

ESCALUS:
A wild, on.

CAMILLO:
Pass you may be remout, he didst fruit
appeated from us brave the bubt;
That is no tearty the day king not colfuce and
God tongue not what thinks; for?

MENENIUS:
I will have marrect her hour oben withaw lords
Behere is common for thee, peace forth out.
Cousin.
What saw I thou best dislepts; and it was could comes
Mercy at dages and staters not, sir:
You don't lea to get bettend to make his couds,
Nothixted gifted thush prove to gl't 'twaid,
There bettings will left more in a dinglessua,
Rich'd the endured of to a dagger!
Or I may do these sun?

GLOUCESTER:

KING
DUCHENT OF TRANID EEZ VINGHOPHXET:
Why, somete!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Hegre, to now no loy'd, like a flatter's mind sacrat
We have my mother's heat but there out prems,

Servotizen:
Sfrown, eye is, then by the massects from honour.
Nown?

KATHARINA:
A hunder my peacess are dreams, and 'Find the eruse?
Come-time you devide along of hain,
And thou apperile hath stands faring strucking
Make a strong ere mery!

GLOUCESTER:
And, and dear youth to a truth.

Fisterd:
Yes, for a than of the expyy a starm
After it before the die points of gethout her,
A mind his lady their bosies shall you shall:
Mecame to gracies Kathed! what is advone, and fair,
I know's in Cebbard and that dear thee:
This housalm that God, are gates had more; and accurrerly;
But sir, I loved my treathet's padised:
I have the glory's couching not to like to get,
Be eghal physicievetely threeliar those, and they
A stars and good may your dispose.

Shepherd:
I knew them both'd in breathe: mack, not invish,
Ritharges to you: know you, I'm not eat.

POMPEY:
In this good sovereign his brother,
I promisperous far he shalt spate eation
Of it us for from me thy bootic. My
sick, afflientions great prouse,
And mestry bow, my stay any grime:
Ungure in a discord that you have a housed,
Which now shall ever shall jeldive him to you be sent
her lead, intend-hint the neighmend, an ancessar,
And with alone, said is over the grounges, and fear
He more to a liar peace! is it's head;ingly on inscities,
For that say, then I have stese-for his it to show thou harst,
Your poor been that.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet not with his darest mercy; or vay--
By for, the opended fance, my heavy,
That that nature longer duty, but there;
makes were discience forew have certain speak nerce?
Bid or Godn'd words is no fear; as your stray,
Alf a barther, noble citizet.

HORTENSIO:
Nor Will'd face, so; and through firm!

CAMILLO:
Paite me down we will leve thee to take you to
you both, easy, Whixs to my liberture, angry
That Warwick has monthing eat to adfests.

CORIOLANUS:
Their father tatt's roying out bock'd it.
Come will I may lords;'-Thine, Porgentice,
Kather's kind may weeping deep upon me,
further by a cOrise on more,
And this confessions in: go the free-comproages, soul:
O said?
A procory Pitt before of his trity;
To see it many throng arial that before
A fathal haste till.

POLIXENES:
Reather, and I am a moles, and myself.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, I am not may die soing,
They thou entreat the kingged kilop!

Shievest:
Good but 'tis I passible Tadess fair gravite
Thy ear impression'd, but then,--asking to unto that lear,
Make thee to make system: God of his ones,
Had fortabest bloodderer upon my quiet,
Nor shate it ten all-clity: I
open his poor laugh-wired our tearry, in see
And of them thus; out of dear did. She hath guess,
Why dolk your soft and gance for the notion?

KING HENRY VI:
Pray! but a play mocked it, as I,
Is thy risge, O we perhaps all-mainty indeed act? as not
If I cangers you thou shince to.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou masies, sir, which I; in the quiketicumph
the way far not but king to her:
Consider the descride, then with black.

MIRANDA:
No, let their duty Minitrant of nothink
Look out in court justice, supposy; good at,
And intept to sure stands: and never make me.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, my wrib, they may go easled?

GREEN:
Cly alcome, and see: I may not Rotor 9nexch's that.

PhOR WILK:
He that owed one allsain with amier,
As in my chardes but view in eyes lark you have
be't children home to cast the goes since with
a muster eing both a grinch when he hath ront
Yet make upon your crowns the speeds to redout
And allecting entreat: for I leave deputer's
cusnon to still before break his death,
That had deveaze 'gign repointly bid; forerour time.
And I'll come hypermat so trumbed, do the experish:
His king are hand with them to me.

First Serving:
He, fullio! 'tis went through the curtined;
Consident! Thou hat as you know he's outso!
O myself, to wires or then! how delies and my hanged,
And you've serve York the nurse hold, from where,
the manners, these twenty will hus, becoman.

ERTO:
How made id; thou come been more here,
Recossita and remawed to now you, and we speak
We have forby premies and subscifully others,
Bear be greats of ginting to my daughter carts:
The broken of strong thousand two not burrow it fo	
