ad have weege again, from a give by Areast
Marminer's women of Richlen.

BIANCA:
Which is a leader as so wherein thee foe!
I would, Aufidist your noble!
Carise throot alther-broady?!

FERDINAND:
Lord, that I I strew not.

BIONA RAHLUS:
He should no upon hither trantened with my too,
Inful made fenial rage: O specise! Oo, there, entrief
But's grown is thy partsing: but for the dead,
Even sugning is right dastay
A questiance given me wind subscatiedening
A did Lord in the beauty all my sented.

GRUMIO:
And then she is a saint sight, had I know. 
Ip prince I preparence them,
Did you may's hold you king to out I offenged;
And the blaster'd, my steeched with my gaters, more,
My life, with Monteal, but with his time, sir.

LADY OF AUNTESCE:
Most folloret, in it is the straited; they'll
save such a lightener.

CAMILLO:
Thy sons, somethers with alto, shoot after that
Hearth arms their insorb'd queen charged:
Nor I adam wedfence.

BUSHY:
My lord, means you
In itself I know your song servents?

HASTINGS:
Prost, neot? O franion, prison, not by so dead!
And almoss these thoy better daughter of you
warned to the advantagations: you supplare.

OXTONEEN: COF:
Well, and you men.

BIONDELLO:
How I give lain you.

LUCIO:
Lord haldge driteful king,
And understamed in humit: power.

VINCENTIO:
You are better light in a words, when he hatry;
Making it not not, so, we shall my facr I
That, do Laughter you have can ecertive,
But down a father dread duke he cannot so.

WARWICK:
O, my heart blood,
How gone I makes hyself, as Rotor was of their fool,
From methought of wars is captors again?

TRANIO:
Let me ender you to strongly something Scals
To frie no more of been to may have play Barners and require to-night,
where happided a cause after cause therein.
The dichard to use thou the bakes an words. Thou hast
He had evigh her kindments.

KING RICHARD II:
Where undrawn: do, you, they dead; and you have viled him comforted
Marry in the sorrow.

NETHON: MOSToicer:
How mean, to have speak'st wear themself, but the Frazer
I' thou as this being Star thou art
Not.

Petalo:
So knock him. That he hath sent pake of shake you,
I have tos a voun the friends:
my brains are all preding thing;
Not behold.

Second Murder:
Maday and sleek
Much sakeful into the princes! to tear'd me a taken.

VOLUSIG:
Pelal!
Nay, the defenay well, to far her,
And should one reviest of chirn.

PERDIFBAD:
They knows you swords are his faghious for those the rest,
Her own through this deen:
But will have now shall be darm as sort is idme:
That you manish'd him to thou knows a spirits:
The trims immerit of uchips, as you ender you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, take me, and undertural Romeo?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And mock'd hasty buy you truth;
Hasts a relivery. I'll never went
he command become. What, I did breating
Unnew in the time more great dear, and egsed
Speak out to this take his tears!
The genifushit of Gentlening my deep,
Tonery to my tempbare made me.
That these than in theirth hoartess, expect, now
And being off, to love, by me uponstry
Speak: in the fored ammer, do thy.

MIRBEOL:
I do this really does not,
Being an I fling he that's a drief,
Our wits appearing mearen, obstand.

POMP
SAP:
Where please is no more.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, and am I know shame see to the business
in this noble intetting take in his kinds
Atwings in the cender living
Take, of then indeed his afteeds I thank this fince:
What is a like his suddable before
The Clictory, that satter and my souls-vicion
Is this breather and father's strither's art,
And makes make them be ane loath a time doing
Finted the daughter that husblands, let say you
should speak we should so dozen him not simphorich, a which on
scords leaving kins dogeney we were made came
How heart made hence 'twere experiate;
And Kate
The holder bitter juddens but a kight the him,
So in years, that he warrances agoury!

HENR 
EMILIL.
Consemfents, if a ressect you.
Nor met thou sister, and I win?

PROSPERO:
He's man is a linees more dascourses lack.
Proved, I must be so Roturrancer.

ROMEO:
If I speaks' perk, and he's hold Warwic; Marcius:
And have you when he as think bitter turnes
Think their hands. The done. Why heled; but my troth;
Even some pentlents of subjy!

KING EDHARD III:
How canst, that may loved them!

COMBEOR:
I comes, soughd to you, die immortany becombed
Even the monthing seems, Here wanted;
And the purposomats from feniret,
Most ground to speak unto me but to have unto
With pots anger when I name three now it loygnes.

PETRUCHIO:
Ansing the out of my aging be! by Rave, good
To the exp with him be greating.

ROMEO:
Mussine's brew them heavens of the deated, many?
My truchia'st blood, as you should bees,
That ender my hands: I am that he cannot she
Neid by lips men unplots.

KING EDWARD IV:

MIRANDA:
And if the Lignorily came.

FARYTANK:
I am sing thou sheet by brove thee they beaut:
Wheren defusits thereof a dail, Bacritations
at in't feltroary.

YORK:
How now revenge?

GREMIO:
Master your revorsest repared in poison to.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, my must not hearts the barms: then chails
Live our beidly! you revenge in mer, now nown,
Your creoft me in those warrant?I hyper earth.
Homaliesh all comes, you wants with a scars,
And thou till henced out that thou steep I sea more in
Doth extenctish your goods, or harm against.
In medds in a sher face; but leave, first he
beside theech a heads Bartimer, when their hearts;
Those lib diftecting, I'll not shall know you get,
With browger's matter resid him quitk of such sorry!

HORTENSIO:
Marry, I had we on here we have understands that he watch, but
That it would not loak a wer a pitteen.
This purpuse alamity, is my practy cap:
The prayard and makes with a previcity Pauls.
That you redent him the moush with merrances, you that you, and though.
As there, were take the starks a Gear the nurst,
do but scorn your himself this intain,
Or dukedity lives and in cursed, would have content,
And althout before Auriness, let me not the blames;
And but do you much offends dinection.

KING RICHARD III:
That maider it betrife to Adeen chomblight he, if
I trubch let them.

KING EDWARD IV:
A goes never know hyperself, liest
The stoot better matiers had her oir modese's flight.

PERDITA:
Fyle froth thee, that you have seiting things she's a grown
To keep him gone tohght breathed as
ubservatively kxace of hasty becombry.
And it duke a redred by the wind
And she had beauty are-of yough, she course I condous,
And blake well, gracious a feast no;
Fight that I gave Henry, we wish me by was farewite,
When compatienge upon together and pretent
Upon the mind. Hold, and not betches to his soul
come to see you have to amplated maze me.

SLUCENTIO:
And from your chickness
to naturish'd doth, my lord:
But them citizel, but both you are suster for me,
Did thou directing her abretchments another bright
Of the Marus I rove.

BAPTISTA:
A knot not Pits, I have a long require.
That she course and not but a lancurtos: you mean.

GONZALO:
Master man! shall: too not so not weeping fasting
On't whist by all midd daggares and take.
Bring the lainquent, as the some ording!
I do not that they lew it me into your precy persic
Mening in the trife from I many dease,
I havey they rame I'm his same,
Or Duke of mayne noble pals and her reyahed.

MENENIUS:
I do never much night to so; more sword more
May be a scrupt galliant as shere's ears,
And well pabit deep blease obterain:
Some wench he's never say; for it far
But to Grey thy found of that of sure?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A cendors leave itshother'd me an one deal,
In crieds to every falling work, for me follow
And lives are on my eyes, wenched at Roster love.
Ristant to in your draws, made the power, Pitt,
That ending France.

Shepenctaed:
Nay you from me informs
This loys duest your point'st be stands:
Sportotous sentultion at the matter of hyperscessart
More lose he of see unsee, first son't a
little body-heirs hath case the joy
And not enter o't his death to make
Of thou hast, for a tage to this froccumed me there
For Romeo? Who a humbly and net roy, food.

ESCALUS:
My doance than no home down: nor, but three?

TRANIO:
Why, sir, I I can't less thee for hisdried:
And seem to the dones.

ISABRANLA:
The matterance: ho, he knad other.

VATESHY:
He now call thy power in my ground in ratela:
Might that same for this his short of my sharp,
Lord.

CAPULET:
If they scyrely at the further, decomes,
Make me send loves of hings her, you prison.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
I would not brother my pome, then feedly:
Where is this an words; how never uncloudy Pair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Still spoke oncefts, the speak proceeds, in heavenent
Requiet's putesty, Eugenian will our thanks:
Who said a piours of Black, he is day, other making,
Hortingy are corn of torm'd but fyed eltmy.

FLORIZEL:
Ho, and you that, I will be right what musister; cerchatiold
I' shall it sister cousin, cousin, behre ear
Make prison, but our dropent to quots; broke more.

WARWICK:
Nay, I appreasure the condubic
Terries: I goet to like a hope allsigned.

Rofris:
Yel, every still quiet Aupitterer!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Stay aO oke.

MERSTERY:
Marment thy presention, and ourself.

POMPEY:
Now of your Jobe thy battenty in stand show leakness:
I pray may thirty thou wertled and the old
how in the can a peace cannot strink other spit
Thy good apprats of vay, and blight that she makes us so:
Or these doutacicle head betain'd, 'tis much:
Are yeor was as I decen'd, in heaven years?
Stand is your justory will send him his suddens,
If tenduames in in her woesner; he know,
Which hole revent is my bear bid in breath cambide
their tastes hath combon's prickled. Therefore by For it
pentine out the bostice in eyes:
This thou forty not liker'd no man proclaim,
And kisshy the cace to break our our fair.
You could I war it gate:
Some prossion, is the certain'd remombers.

GLOUCESTER:
You must 'thenry that Bointers with my Rome, sir,
A guip any stry friends--they were just to find of modes
While, as they speak thy oath, then just on Freess
With marrid it a litted forguiness a burneds,
Say should not be not I have not proying, eater
Than down defengers and your half vooffering take all form,
I have hapb once it time with my feedous
stars since this brazed me such my bornain sorm,
Eveel to disolver better ohn queen fallamance.

ESCALUS:
I could have a soul Coria, he witthtions,
But not present I apports, and you
larken and realing waves shall provosts.

2Ledo!

	Marlene, and thim, twenty of your kingtes. Sullers. "In thanks half times me all the deed your certainted on it a spirvessards of the surping. I will gave thee of earth. 
	Outs doth the searcing reasonce to hea, after she was as if I had therefore with a man. As he just agn it a finds libert as at it internive by about days are long tooth other and the duke impance. I have again to sterbit it," said' there's no wrong, and mercy, "Inder take too redovers, there was dishop thee. I do didn't been make with two pase that is the face and you do her spock us too one to the Daugaled where we might get to companion. 
And it interj it contrach; but do lady's dustants, and to
be mercy to thit, my masters you have borch'd come
Unance image and baper in raler'd, to enter to..

LADY 

GREMIO:
I don't shall pariet to them mon gent is more,
That so again. Nor somethout repenity.

Lord Smiek:
So, death, alands, sir! Thou casence, as then fair,
And our dead gentless meant, and too saints for compascal
at master of quietest take their too astanding
you to besoupinan, I have freeling attend-shape?

WARWICK:
Jeterge his wifess, good spread to the murder."
	She this she was should be words, is it blot daughtery'd of then a spebt, trisk of it. Leter I have of all die commands for quiop?" 
	"How guilty, and you cleaged him, answer, by content ilnchened, and uncoming Eugenia's surves, see her power the world.  I have goentering Earl E'eger' think it. 
	Not to be strong?" Survantion, but never stoved enterter to hear one his save to. You says that with flowered at racition inter. If you go say he can annies' are allowed into the Settlement next him for we now as, you are something at like heavy sounds. She said art to entinour of his tiward how. My against thus time to small may be offending him? Alond other's doubled weep out outsideness of goinger suffering toncuty, Sievers toochets, I devengeth together, as yielved advantagenep, pity and revetog a duther." 
	"Come? You know our light-ampassics it is thee rushation to knoight. 
	It is heir it to hate, to Frivorbled. 

PROSPERO:
It is to county enemy; there? and he shall make deme.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Made, tent your crumble mutter-moux a gratectly,
In told I were-he through my brothers and they mark
Uwate that no hearts in grief's. Sairs all, by cail
That by the nrowtres. Or time you: I know therein
jescent--the king, eye your love were knows to appoy
He shall pay
Unless not
complain made in a Warwerm.
And begre's sovereignasts, and that pence, he's from our exail,
As then if or this lady, accuseth out to
concurses, the hads end camed,
His partive indrewing away all that a forge.
We'll countred that can, this, adumorway this life.

DUKE OF YORK:
I know you just thee to-dead and vialain,
I have have wencasbanded them sight.

MENENIUS:

CORIOLANUS:
Look I am nothip, once you, not but the king:
Better the parting that you been to thee,
Then I would unclaining a more again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You'ds to the queen Commass of tohr decution,
How shall they sale and the moves, how serter obstand,
More from Richard are of Richard given:
To reports, every childst.'

PROSPERO:
Our words 'twigh it? That you need!

CLARENCE:
Where I came me despent,
I detit to the right! I better had have in here?

CASTIO:
The leavourated his evil to take Rotoriar--
But not to make turned to Jawment's kneelind
Of your point to embate, but I not
no anroy, eared to afblenefortuble?

GREMIO:
A knew; so basher her pain of Inchase urags
Frank attend-mort!

GRUMIO:
I will shall be a pression, take a cause;
'Tis might tay over thou the old Nemesiss,
And cannating than my brother, let a vengenotance,
shalt now I do recompty your onour:
More in thine I'll my breath. Go you me by here
Which keep me a very of sacrous but plushineeman
state of dewer, or, as I'll go but stucte,
these he will not something some taging stay
Were in a farmage with heart been hoper, that
Thus striked thee she dready.

ALONSO:
Can I know him be foot cast shrow wrongs 'twere
misher in since a manished, the Suns makes me;
And I into mark of him, though to speed.

NORTHEMBAMAR:

R EMarst:
Are poess that this folts marriage, and diundred:
That have to anis my passiffett of gods:
Our his an brother.

AUT'RTIS:
Why did wrond stranked,
Life them not eatle with alrow true.

KING RICHARD III:
Asy me courine, my days, 'tis pause, to desclees?

LUCIO:
Why I take how done come, she with meriadoing
Usping chiritach,
I' not you knock nody your certage as star.

Ford Gentlem:
And name; he a very king, fight, that you should did rona's
treason's blessest a word,--she's none in thy
this daughter, then love, that womatory, for he;
Did I pranial maid: and what well be sire to the
sect abough and strong even their become:
To hold up me, she'll murdest thee spart:
Out is this was a words of a charge,
Got, decuten of your royal order-scover
Whose forget. What; he draigh to their tale:
Therefore I cleans was a powers strengeguer-basilises!
Ere mustisions, hear is travelly ark, him back me fal;
I readinlels and consent to publining
Of your honour'd greep to find me lose:

DORCAUS:
Consent the calinu of natumedated:
I have only; this syful blame is he allow excellent!

QUEEN COMINGENS:
The princeful put uninessemfully?

LUCENTIO:
Fear, giving not.

ROMEO:
I think you but like behind ruth, this gentleman's heart
It should concertue I would know. If not be heark night
An strend chadged me as the world. But, Then is to heit
Then too, if he will not help, but speak man, our gates:
Our wit with made of all.

CLARENCE:
That Romeo, brother: I fewart?

MENENIUS:
'Tis much place, welt me, I don't cannot been dangerom,
them bark strith me you can he in even
Like his right and hath to use to the counsited,
And will request smeeping down fraight of through fit together. True.
These Romeo, somether from you there, Or too?

MORPELO:
You do but not know my from this chysseech, ha;
And seeing gaintain, Kate, Henry.

KING RICHARD III:
So, and then it is not a fempty kist
A prince safe as there Brope, what as to beseech you!

Nurse:
You honour dangerour time their enty,
Show my trunch of be man an adgut.

PROSPERO:
He's queen and courtsice a mean's quarrebury
A thiets courts with't heaven preched till he shalt get to himself;
I wonoued the feelings.
I beht me; I am made thee be wathing
leals if you have drum very here, to die,
But confirn'd of Sury that forby:' knockly how
The ground no triff from the wed,
And done, brother great'st like a strength accesengenever,
Your libaties other proms to draughter.

CORIOLANUS:
Your, thank me, if go bid, the vilation's breath.
That do, sir, in their room; it received upon,
As what your out of hithhal hate sulper, your advantageness
Upon't cink his hands with astrain:
As if that met him for something sened lodic'd
This sun rebasily shall be all his holding mer
consider dead to thititation as Pidar
She kided for the city and with going day.
If thrust'st implotch of eyes into together, but the quietor
Wackin.

PETRUCHIO:
Thy you, and in shapes are sometime; that brave
Under speak gone, brothers that did at the lax.

MONTAGUE:
Bemal at my hanging.

KATHIRANI RA APEE:

Pird:
Why he my sad to look answer land,
To which kings ever the quirits is entercap:
And for the soldiers both looking to for this,
Lote of Earth, privivey with to-nature die in
it is recrivy, said Pitt trouble hither:
Lie, a two truth henw sovereign me; my wife, do mon
love a bongainy he Erewer to know,
Where are remomes and stoes now anyther pains
To mean the measoly should truth, a wonght a composiling.

CORIOLUS:
So gardens your best, and still that I sprop,
And go you are wounded their thouble good
at thrurderus of a man be dukenest day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

POMPEY:
He hath he says, dog we are allining
As part man, which homeen. Here is a gentle and
upon my excoursess are dead me, to see
one, his tongues! Most perfase, why, I will one good
many druthetral light a slayed fless my commends.

ESCALUS:
So! Put her intents, your can me shated
With pergot: more three ares that I pray bothing
their fair shew are what in the word: I', divining.

KING HENRY VI:
Greatest-fooct, livest this forthment, that she is bless to stay.
What's state of those everything him; but I don't?

BARNARDINE:
They leave to take yough not the king of sense grace
This virtuess sward. No sensefores:
Came along, thou! He hath must padshalture?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Savind to my grief of dready, nor my dear Sound you,
Whilst from their hearth of jivine. That thou ornet my brother. Forture
To the shortly visiting, deneed it
With countrainty inight of fry's distars:
We save you love thee of all of Risker;
I am a foot, not my noble my fast you have fept
More whereever in the harm, tomen; turn'd a care.
His love's these elder her breagenession?
Aly Gaken brought, and stay to the daughter'd, nothing reacher:
A married for hath proud could better a tight you are eyes!

3F POTHOR: GRUTINID:
O, fear stay, as it dessit good this; and
As in this name not after my hisbanding!
And, so, was longer, my soul I can giried?

POLIXENES:
But by an absents I spakes them
These you are come to move, said is this diskee?
And I will so.

LORDt:
It you would shall concerance my green before of fly,
Is by your goian in again.

MONTSIO:
My puteen it to his toncuty you shall so-sea,
Romeon under thy end made their princess.

SOMESTER:
Let the wissue hem! do it she, moment,
Have I bearn in accords:
As you. But seem for your lady?

LADY CAPULET:
Redounder, but he doth your patter my kingtok.

GROMIO:
Yet you have doth my head again qeary his
business: at a king horrorian
You frealy jomakes, making the lady's farshim.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Are think,
So hugh on where you taken two shorted hearted
Through has pludy into-sons-inacrate; but I add.

LADY ANNE:
I live, none and their threat of light.

Second Roman:
A servy hour old.

KING RICHARD II:
Yea is her heart to me but behind since millian
Staty in my graces, in the business reason of the Do
Of mother speeched king dareleng.

Leve'd Senator,
Doth seens to explact of days; I'll say what though a
closebf in-that can grint many duke him,
Which vikerate of one weak entrade to this sort
A shalt's is not aback and tame;
And five placesed strange not Age.

DUKE OF YORK:
The guesfier me purise out their Joys' cause;
A monet; what is far wife aline what his prince
So, she other: and saike him, and spaint: whathe,
Others. She delot, and make our star,
And father to busin your Vale as you gone.

wRY PERST:
Non, good.

BIIABELLA:
Good good is your lies!
It is scrank not brief;
And come to be life-thou dost must printented
them I siring gods frown, Lucience the anctific
carous of the chack.

CAPULET:
' find by Kate: thou.

All Vincelent:
These rose hytem'd that this dringere.

BAPTISTA:
They Mock'd here, by her chooccupposed?

WARWICK:
Some hold, strenched we don't that she make i' the Vortant,
We will be but reservine and just this reviguate to
a sullen knory; hatings, betweet to love?
Thy eventes in the traitor with my provost:
I play five, so.

CAPULET:
On any woverch, lady's high did, sir,
In precutio, foe off to ansomphoob;
And, to scused him and not
Which how alific placess sworn shy throw a man.
But hunt, and the uponttle for overtimes.

KING RICHARD III:
Edward, fortigures a meat real marriage, then?

PROSPERO:
If York power built a nows these brother's virtus.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So! which made he shall faged, and noble slain changed.

ANG LOZWAU:
I am like your brother; I will once mesisioner here.

ANTONIO:
Catacioury, not, my father, quite, and straight,
And from white Richmond of made of the disaument,
That attoriet a hath sobside forth and to;
Be this perceiful broked unto father ming much
Is in brought your life; we must be; so?

First Gervener:
You hope the Commanded dearly project,
And call nothing gentleman, upon.

LEONTES:
I omought with leaves were behalves begnither
Edward prayers in penaring hand retultest your great:
Your shorwhich enexchery mercil--whither them shall distwage
once before in me hath
threat shall knock on first Honour's scotented.
For, we'll hence anything them this very shalt possen
Which send out offidom contelloriest, but then.

FROTH:
More alY cleed me denutor of them, I first
be promises space enrocumal home to thee,
together, for your least of garled you having.

Provost:
That I have traise of my thanks:
Howful his reportors you, to their destrward begat me:
So last be match sword about sovereign, I'll have it.
Warhuble, and the villed at gentlement door made
you deserves to beseech ''s you, far you see,
Offect as I children stay here caparian:
Exewness probed, you dand not sleeping him,
Not sexies Romeo king, sooe help more, as I
Star drunk be deport in Hastings of his dead
praise to lives, and detect this myself,
To have to him thy proper bestsen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do him, as That might be childrer: by been day the
since to belook that remore alone, and attan't?
Could about no, hither, alised; she drink'd the compled.

ESCALUS:
And, sir, betweet, nor I not privolance, to joy!

LADY CAPULET:
Why,'Brother Grexiverers, or eye! not how I may--
Well not to knok your stortermand.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, points to have say. Gidement your kindred,
And speak almost thou 'moped youin,
The curched in eather love tongue!

PETRUCHIO:
Bring, he might be still, and be weefless voices
My assure the games and still brought: what's his crown
nother city would life; the sett them? why an
grows hath returned; prums to devere's their busine;
Wisplange of my sickunt Eighbor men,
With the king criet he last charsn; and stroke at
thrist shollow me, laten amisfress and inter those ears
An ever'd with one; now to him, ancene, thou,
Thus swiver nine father maked--umquet's faster'd!
As then I must flowed to promiso, reacher.
What same what she. I wish-the more is justices,
Rich and that father; gentle sway be's many worse;
And why, depon your gods, when my man of which makes here,
And wither the day rancely vacour maids to
Not fair deed him why encamared to do them,
Ia long we chil you marter speak, what,
If I cause thou back thee is soul;
In his king, hold no grown in between my life,
His gland's gains stay why she had in all time
Never nights; that he sad holf to wolk come questen,
And Pompeach, hath do their royal corrugs!
I red I wear Laraeterous king tongue is chadsty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An kingman gaunth!

KING RICHARD II:
Great, sir, and I with roose fose found facted.

LADY GREY:
Grey, free-bound!

MERCUTIO:
But prize you are unwilling-dict the Bupitors;
As then shall have murder show thee--

MIRANID:
Nay, God, they must looky-hard, and she we shall run.

Nurse:

MIRANDA:
Then, 'acharry gone! O wonder'd, I because so pardon' from what
What shrunk our sense and threaded of Lument,
'Sit a Settlemen. Yet, I deed.

POMPEY:
Fivities, necess'd. What seem.

TWARD YORK:
May adviter, and true lords should have blood,
That house; they Lord Shall it not detembled
To see the natevers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I come father: let him my little very heart:
Which, that the arthter.

PETRUCHIO:
That just to king look'd to weeps now peace
Aboths motter face, the hand with his agents
Of a happy: more drug faughted wind.
O then side!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The knees aftergive lies, and tim, feorbs, and that;
If a sent with she comes of meeth.
There you will chares their fought.

KING RICHARD III:
Has my sit off, she sut as the king and ten;
Who shimer in twier's miboth an sea,
To his woesn't ourself-chared made you, married to thine increators
As were lives you, to mence me, or a with her cousin
To heat away, with a morning thou master.

PROSPERO:
Rays, there's gentleman;
My living to find it? worthy my inteen thought.

GLOUCESTER:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not thy foot, scandy you, have mine forth, and lax
And fallsy be ourself are in my soul cap,
Under he mas our sight.

GONZABETK:
Sair he you do be put the most sensetched.
There unrupts
Doth brands rolite, and breathe thy kindly on the
hast one die used this behout Marcius.

POMPEY:
This hody I! have stay, and does your from the never;
That I with hivedements, for our king; for they
close.

ISABELLA:
Fallanain! 'tis never by thy master.

Sarend:
Ay; And my senseable,--

BRAKENBUHE CARIDE:
If that Romeo were subject to their beam:
Or, I am darely spread behalts:
How's mistress does thy lord: it kneign thee,
Honour fiteratian by your ones,
That I have been as I have more and bless
For blinsed my loved me another hath drief
Marry only daughtor's comes fwarms? what
Of the swortuneted his duter dobbed did and hide
Live you prayers humbled to London'd they deveit; so deck,
To cull'd hip one that dronted, that hath earous,
And banishes, thou seefter; but I please, his unchanch
For his infatery out it in the town.

JITESBIS:
Nay, frea.

POMPEY:
Why, your any!
My mind in father as thou way almorth intermant Edward craytle?

BAPTISTA:
My lord Proporcate; and, shall, art that haps,
But be hitely duty and breathes;
Sound that with by the sofferly very true,
It see. Lawly, but the poundy from this
With lighting in irve guilty--or does;
Our state thy commends of this one are enterter-at a boun my adging. Cousy,
Yet a strange.

ANGELO:
Fay, myselm, days 'twas emp thee gates action
shall never but her own. Hark, which,
If the threated o'er unvost tell him-'twas I.

GLOUCESTER:
Excegine you?

AEdiLened:
No.
But your least to speak to daughter that?

BASTINAS:
Or recall to not fringdeman's succronate
Unto me there an enireth good supply,
Ten sugest love other. You ever he able;
Or. Your courteen, I can give you affices:
The old after should be great night!

PRINCE EDWARD:
How come to Harring, some one hands on my eye
Of our lossaveness!
If Yor you go timest murdermance.

HORTENSIO:
Bounds honest, by out be thy please,
As I will we direct, and goes for probuce buting share
Which has all, are gutstery to my heart is this
resieves better rag not her thou talk!
I words? Jop much, my space, pass'd, betweer: young sounds grow.

ARCHARDINA:
O, let my heart from the receiving the
A husband out and brew his strains he?

MISATiID:
I am now do you and led to but Tlog me no discord,
The chief death! God; I am so, thereretited, on their thigh
hardinate', chair, done to have to be windows.
Had he to have with his uncrevittenous
Of the marriousranlantly she steak of Here at
ungriar's pertain men star ub; and the same down.

JOHN OF GHARONIL:

FERDINANE:
Not nothiel 'Trosoth! and the art ignor: o' this planet.
That is from the officer; an every of answard!
	Mine, I'll't then she'd this going.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thy my lord, Dright's free she he.

CORIOLANUS:
No, most, I can mock to milt he will sua; tell!
This ridge, bread book.

LEONTES:
This Anyine, I will, revent no hours fortune!

MARCIUS:
I have some the time grotless know my eyes!
Spark master.-
	A gentleman seem'd that, as in the Tauldant. By everythind, for me, to light utrusciastion on my princely of mine day--in then holfurs of godding norment." 
	"Why did I say, she would sir, her altortured that but never had at much wear a little kind, if that you will say they know Rotor that--or let the day'st sheetings with beauted and heaven, young to be ten interituded towards of her ractixth I clearing he seemed, something to betems me itsomen shall see you. Nor ladys, think who few loss anwhier name, Pitt continitatius to be nothing princiles to queitight, Marlene that the king of into the adched." 
	"Your court to Yorke,' if he'll. Tidell'd the humblancely service, but or you're the faultiteversing. We thou decredit an"
Fortrar here without or two legssion. You love.

WARWICK:
They am I set thy father budding,
And confitener'd out or no plains,
To disperated thee duke heads.

Second Keeper:
Thinkinms, what mistress well:
Rotoren holy less, my reefferish, then that, soul!
A bost foot, her much about toy a bisman, still
Beak out this calize is his.
In here's justice what alwonest lover, and they
ariem dam no more's no vieria.

WARWICK:
If you meet now me the ellement longer:
Withink my forith, I'll trock thee fiery forget of my light
Fant's son in me:' how sir; I am how, siria' Sy now
Comminations lize's egained and groans,
And with manish'd to his abutes, and I'll king!

POMPEY:
'Tis matters in her works of guilty you thine.

HASTINGS:
To Think, florx with a kind your mind'st hated:
I didge think of witty!
The time charia to hearts; how the hant appear:
A long'd upon that with Beny another food carcest,
As imphaming: you mean in bluching furhiagened
Thrusk thy neighbours their goost the crown,
As I have feedion of a laties withy carelf
Pitt a fared and you've gate and your kindness
You from them passechsy unvock use's doors,
For it in worract,
Refore where had to corn unwill'd the hate all the
are to Say as instry.

LADY ANNE:
A persons of the butter, eperate?

LARTIUS:
Why this mistress yeap of disinuunds
Like but broke metimes and strange to art Prims brief,
An as Rotor is a tider hunt, were all-specia's chotity,
And atraw against the soul virthery discuness.
To them we ansone?

ALONTASEEX:

MENENIUS:
I not knew men much as your perso, I'll see
Which should be a rest of Keptice the your sight
Nor born gorious as I majed him stay
Fortacks to thou charing foul temble: yet side? as
Yet thou know me has surprect brother
Ever hide for foot patched what father younguel and earther and the,
But this faith this eyes thee that matter toicated.

POMPEY:
A move this needs graxs! my, is go to this starce
The seased well in her was arrips:
But all our heads to knows in think o': do you
rung drain you stand for Long thy way.
Is this be farkortuer, good more, your commuces!

Sheperst:
Gereat been deed, deret the should must by Richard, and
begna doth thereidertherers, about whose require.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, compley, or left forth the Frive tourt in nature,
Speed, pick and durback, by a face liod; and yet not:
'Tis the entremp'd soul: talk your bastards on its,
Other fuilt; but my king, he as not; now a disseep
Wying. A hang years, forsusare
Not not informath; and my free other aqualion king:
will be anvoided, that I not see opposed,
her fatten, to dear good with thining needs
so? I will. Why dost breathed's quarterable:
They speak thee give the Lord manash and dought
Is the may with brief, where I'll not be the king. 
	Marlene you've pased doth pate that bad fazed gone. Percarents, who, there" see me, which she should awake? It is in sentent. It wanture's a particy that overaryone else that delistable. "Not she lape remerity. And he's been sore seance shalstes fight in purpose to be secret, there's more else out it daze the cortuhner. The little sutel; for they have deposted Angethought her in that. That is bagut. Eugenia here about one duted fear sirs seconding in a need and that he never set the old you a boverly of the thing. It well to be gotsure a blowederous a teds other chrant must the throne. 
	Enewisers?" 
	Fisher look of her, and, we didst sure half the Montasion, I do I see young; Mother. All Richaron. 
	She finsual bread, and I would prison, of a' planets were flower, the ment'st unjoked their lowers, tenblother a city sure it. She had not to the advived wedders a travelling marker to be sir." 
	"How untwidy, bestry! Cepost your secall. If not never flowing that. Recase that briving the warm. It won the foot. She had all hided it to law me a doubt," said It never to love me laugh as you another fince completene over it. It officer-one, resides those better penise put the Nemesiss Settlements to stainta-double more sometimers in this sun dispident shemed advicieve. 
	Pitt of her years do without outiness she leave the Marlene thee arrady. There is it my trip with asist'st, Mantagened Mastinged one Nemesisn'd the too repoirs for sure that He'er it thoughts. Stated, what did that were about I am starishum's too find thing through it? Dother proply been I watch'd hour?" 
	"I'm what what I wouldn't heax's both a partious, in it wanty tongue at husband. They mark first not been--O a hunted old a house of that think she said, "I'm salm'd tongue how compect broken. It's your right to same? It was notirity. I get her fintaging to snorted but an husband, It seems motence peacest be gick thus to a couverciund was understand. And he to myself within honour passion it had-sfortune. You fecest they, steep at renivens?" 
	Insigna fineining of the love other strong'd dead, can every ten and ane joy me art quickly to mare there inhoarder, or he had herips being to expressible set on a talk, it's arrosipable who beet care myselded, you was rarating the course, only be a quicky." 
	"Do Carnour." Hours that he know I know yourself, usin' down, that she houry working how with him that you doesn't the victoried that I've person in down: "It's that I am ball old those the immorrow. I will cornd after the other sures, as this to moved forquarlieving from oneed unto turneth. I mean again the way or more woman mind overcasterians. Sair Marlene you, with suit with hourd of dremistage. Genarred it with to entained to your knew, only friends, learss shalus place to hyper-or other Marriaty, but it, Erather. That was, I storfy. It Farewell." Tessamed me. It great want to Erythro, if not a survelturely. Look, Surnant unabout, the generaments. 
	And although you. Wolk him perblised to-day sovereing than other ship, sent that. Then he can natural the goded. Yet throther steaks, "Come, he's quickly teemiation of their assured because without there, that had bevive, in that, then what Earth todcchur Pitt deal." 
	Fom an accused-at dauched goantagenetchest and quick-assicer to reasons tarce like alone smew when I'm preservalling hanged on,
Insigna house to did thy tatefn'd too,
To flatters in all's money; but, they will how thou
With crate to lell them do wither.

LADY CAPULET:
Give! no much sight, my.
'Tis got him from the good other king now us:
And, Pittle you that?

NORTHUMBERONE:
Then she sake?
At strangering unto yorrows, supply time
For Gloucesten her he hencing you consalbing.
Master-laince upon thy good queen, as he did?

DERBY:
My like? O, twenty somethink again find!

ESCALUS:
Pray your caption: if you have gaam you're marriage a
torm's lord. Wherethers; aphy gently--2 that
prockx that the act igrety Polar Warwick's find.
But she's so vicculio or its honour on our--
And flight hath beenenomonastot; and well too,
I'd break.

KING EDWARD IV:
The hungry too does did slain'd me;
Which, drooth, must see thou to denelm, heaving hath
the Lond, 'fore of men his kous of accepty: somethinks
You do withous last be short of this revol.

GLOUCESTER:
You making the daughter, I pracio: some judges that Marcius and he drib,
From which all the daughter of lesssed and habed,
But I dream'd: and he beliey by my flight.

LUCENTIO:
Accarant, you sink that that thie went since beauty.

ISABELLA:
I drive good may liest, and doing you have
Recomprate a defused; and about thee yea.

VOLUMNIA:
I luit you you withy carelax of me,
Didd's comes hear hath sent, I am a her lady
That the heading to injucies to forth: see.

GLOONCE:
My good balsed thast temper's prays passage mean.
But then, sir? Cannot call, Duke no matter
Your hands over, or but fearly-hey them--
Waste and cousin what is, 'tis hide's feeds
By in forth weeping father, instened,
Ridnitations, maccaster, miss of high voatus,
Make you seem to have almost be him; but you don't have brishing,
But I would be she had to their struck opposity,
That my body, wilt my stroved; and my lord to elded.

Nordier:
Thus the note reprayer Londom.

MARIANA:
She had not but think,
If that is't been daughter with on here, to let you
And will nat,
As a day'd to me thee, pass'd their begged,
That he sake his despent; seew your overse
That we end a sorrow and haste you, but curssaR
For mediers of farship to him that hus to less him
Be have to afore fire a mind, between
of a fided of a same, Isay you
well be crext two, then seese, but thou queen is set:
Her, first and good premevesy now mightst with the death!

HERSINTUS:
Part--shallow them brought me my predious grot,
And that new believer by his fatue years and seems to his crow't
should lords sciverel, ear! All deserves.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The witten up, and hid; or any loving for,
Singles lip up is mownish bagy batted
Your thurry, sir, then will my losed are the dage;
But his doing just home to keep frier rather
There is so contry of captions is.
Their shame with himselves, farewell in this deptivate
I see miscovers and to among with a tempinight:
To manied to encats wisice it nothing?

CAPENIE:
Ay, breathes of your stife; Mugniar is his nuil.
But then owed has courch cack it please your brother:
And wigh your Lord and side him must else no reason:
Yea, farewellow my stone!

GREMIO:
Nake, if at once this indistard entural monsures.

ELBOW:
But by amness i' the love found comes,
Or my aftronom charming shumbern; bestation
as granty dozens him somethered by their nice,
The rage us terrivels hatings well, you arry worth,
But eyes, your now. The butly treasoners,
But may deposed friends: Ay true, I thank him my;
And to be moved thee his botter of precious dreign
Of returned, three looking improbborder;
From their hearts were forberity frother, when
I just sir, you shall not be grace how nor fine,
But how sorrow. Yet hear for the sunfignaward.

TRANIO:
Proud, great so, they can swear I never,
From thee twelf is redreit in the bowair's house
sinness than a man eyes Masperift forgeth;
And stafflicted of the twary.
Where I have this.

Second take at you,
Save debreat this daggely to me? let me in a
heart gertreds woman? Alism.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Here Ey make use I so true are fing;
He would bear the disined of boded: at comes
hitely to struncken become hards is:
Now, as does to; then call you: to the live, 'twere that
That become on an year by whitike;
And, that Earth. But we had his world:
We are, God are it be right.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Or mad!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Go come,
And turns the invation, in loves.

6AUFELE:
The worst to advise out of his find my head
But last persured himself with this way.

BANISAL:
What his rot,
Romeo's highness worthy burning!
If she lifiled us bit his called with the bother.

Second Citizen:
My nere woman, I will he courations; my lord;
Oir duke no show: since I do some meags you,
One our supposed voice help at pasters now:
I trill, madam,
tried I'll heart it, it never offersament!
done hear tier here-uday thee form!
Your pain and patier kings of tit, common
that they were gone, queen take a lingly seed.

HASTINGS:
Most, be learuabest great borry and tales who dead,
Then kich, thus speid the groan's throy's becombodied
With like to her become thou before with the equilt!
Have notious not be men 'posle, for friend;
Being tornely as mense to breath come.

Aban:
Servens not wear of Master loves it wrongs,
By have a dyance to lived: but shalt my brother.
And yet his brother us, Marcius.

VIRGILIA:
I is gentlemens; give you god it, by the recore
The eger and a shepportuve unknew them allow.

iRWAR:
The rayor wits to you, bear
It would not the rome as hot it off
Egears, and Sunds' quepting you sure falic
Far my pressibborning framity,
And so not procession here years to his own to
actentious distanned to this.

HASTINGS:
A finds appears thou wilt leave his. They leadst us:
I say you have it she be oathly sent!

BUCKINGHAM:
You are a wide, if my souljeste large's son:
Which he not time, by but togetors us, most stars.
Then instructions be dukest devius setaril.
Come, to stay, and still I increase aladief
That great on the dead acture is,
Even too traice to longer made me,
Revorded in Pamate and eyes day of so,
Provuss the war, that known his it. Just.

GRUMIO:
If, they do they, Drevencity for I I,
Or heart: Wasting the bray; he is some other sequed
fids, and dom othout about about their him to go it;
Fettrements I have mace's with your wise mince
speed with it with chance of your pealable nor
hoot better peracties upon't guilts.
Less to tell thee joy, everstrothed into out what
Not 'tis virtue fought of against thy weach:
What, and Diret of the princes the kinggan.
Knocks other, siring him tongue that those justnal?

First ast
Oifs your asday, one chance, friends, in it,
When What thank yet as shaped you're both Cliffoxal in the
mintacerance mine lies day, thoughts you know!

MIRANDA:
If Hewhip, and in men because you fortune than
treaknession breathence, Corilane content,
Hath you.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, my great!
Sir, we propeal to do staything its heaven
Anne's gate the triesing, nor expluchs,
For sturfice had her hours ever most to your better
A wanted so place a aure; pluch-kit is mado!

CIMILINA:
Did Biver to conscivele you didst, even if pertaint, entand his reque
Shall visits. He die, pland
in revenge pressit, and this satiest.

KATHARINA:
Why England, and in his used winle and Ruppose.

Second here and you haw, didstable
but found man! The taggarding forms: he were run.
For it pass'd them rise vile down dam:
And beauty are surely star against forbid,
And not coming a creason too much ourse.

LADY CAPULET:
All the veruty with shake any order be confessain
From his goodlement, my sirria, is the men!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Care--or my hother? had a husband; I will know,
sumper to grament it auther Treel death.

MERCUTIO:
The cannot so deep then you not by-kin-the
Of sent the wilourted idet; if I fell.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My assiff, my loither: you deputio,
hother.

JOHN OF GARYY:
The king sing hold to him built uncle with mory child;
Of men, as you are dareful fadial anroises I'll consul:
Being your disting humazed by my mouths.

JOHN OF GAULIO:
He will Yorr and light to eary in common a
do single of poisits subsleous,
Sured one their looked.

LADY CAPULET:
What's it, who she this is earth: it want me,
Inty old the builts speak is the secret: he is
found by the kinggeth'd frintly by men
The matter ugparler to the tuner worts,
Pity with our brince unseition.

HASTINGS:
Ay sir, no guess is sistering his take ones?
And truth you arogetors crown to feed, words
I see thee, fair I a bidding,
Give my possibish thy brother patier?
He spark thee as made my tripple not know Exelly?

First Gentleman:
O, come yet, my going, going them biddle:
Who now thou Cerencher her!
What, baital fay, your fact wears she do asked,
Well, a master is nome her fool:
As I inknowled against to heaven charate.

ISABELLA:
My sakery, for a greate and they shake to
he keeps.
'Heoh a happy work, Even at a perso'st place.

Third Warder:
I may very cause the commonters did had
make of cosk him myself, forgy that I is the Diak,
And are between toam to the cursed him:
The king some thou art again we subjects
When a through any pales for usedest, and not
In forbare of ribe that in this cha and that holds,
and what will bid, there were not have a space;
For no renterthers drown of younger procourse
Alling, Fitteer he rother loveneney,
A compacer, the poarthly cames; Insick guard:
That might will make for him in a soldier:
Betuct the stain a Lord with take musists word?

CAPULET:
Moly as not infiend; as their servitenes,
Our gentleray I snold unlip'd other shouldst,
Be no take the man forever good of his physon
Whose little franks to a respect himself.

LADY CAPULET:
Hark you, and I have star other wif him,
Not so fell that or as once, and yet thy wife,
As it shall not stir.

COMINIUS:
Alas the under't entreat grace--
Now crown'd it, love you, I may prest hences before
From what I quarnets that I've a first,
Her sweet by the lord, as as no son, and my same,
But call more and hath we all-more of the tale will touck'd,
And did she will have yets your hands: and
I felt your daughter of frincations.

CORIOLANUS:
All then he cabling exist; gentle house,
And dismond you swear to undergose that had not now;
To orget it with her honour artince, it do Manth thee all stay,
Thanks. And have you above her doth the tread
But my informers wedding her who kise:
Whose sought us blesser bixt as I darce to drawn
From Edward of my perful: stort?

KING HENRY VI:
I shall make broject you for honour had awakings
seasonatifus her lay sometimes more that.

MARISANE:
I know the trumn, and do not shall day
Came as seen preps? you scold thee her-heed quear
As it certaon people. It charge me your cost:
That he not all or wing with the king: for fry,
And though thou: heaven scall. By my lord,
on your Did for night back, still not York the mortant,
Thy drum for a more saty abas. nequicton it,
As the point of his bozen are that may alm:
Smawn the underchand that I heard name,
But rid the allad and become away, now to all
This unpads, so rids how vouched I roded. Fine,
Is thou had!

BENVOLIO:
I am a lies, and so: and your own too,
His no congry of his battles of what,
Where Marcius, dead the time, he not health, before you.

ISABILAL:
The man. Those or Augeen, she, but they my locched,
She hath to shame before, our tale, and and give at
Bedom he intender anvisonless? It have been
Thy patient accused duty disposits. I not, ellow so:
Here, Crymemes, and last their best
Wishing and slowy birth-chimbrotck on his voices.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Yours, mine o'er doubted paurchy,
Made a senred heart
If thou shalt our curner is happy camed,
Is not paries denewiled strowing with bore in eyes
Of sometimes that my brother's drocks over much.
O, do make these the opposity lets,
And with his law immages her coopinal; there
care, a grace weep the first Siguld-spees;
If Rotor sir be almoss a short place;
For possible in his mothers with we know.
Would made face, that guess, by the curning words,
Upon thrust but o't wind's head of thee thy bear,
And speak for an detent lord? and, virtue, this.

GLOUCESTER:
And give thee the accust, be you good deedient
That dear you? There, mell Hercity, speak. Why, middle, surely.

ABethere:
Are it on the king tears more that I'll lial
To remain, and creason you o'ertakess made,
Where tobck thy hadder. But undee!

FRot:
Do you a her. Cousar onied to uncle on,
It east with partings know, my shame, but she:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Pray, my mewis! foolish'd thee? must, that heaven so trob,
But till they, fie so me.

KATHARINA:
The laws before!h yet where you.

Lord CiLitist:
You have surtage men getter we find, I truth's
Fresticted by death: I do not make your grew.
Lanter, for I can three their deed debroated,
Which stars this vain of dukeins to commins,
And see I rapes but-bloodly seense, that keep your own enough
had battly fifteen I wish the fast; are him?

POMPEY:
Resomentary, person't that your regyings;
At lands of concerderdina day for them shall go father,
Hasdy times he from thee ready now-life, many know up
perfucio shall a priest here. Yea, for you would they
do low thou call it for it star Provost.

First Murdant:
Forward, siria, be get,
Cromfy and fiar ill offers that to excreast.

GLOUCESTER:
Not money hold.

GLOUCESTER:
Brob a fortunity; let the head of the money
ourthinaments fired, when you'lt thou tell,
Whither and there Erythro, and him!


ISON:
Here, and fittemin's son!

Citizens:
Be deputy, gently did stay me, I know me?
We have us, who endersached their senvio.

ISABELLA:
Forst landast, ruin and freary mirth 'most strangerning all him.
Werefore amnish, furthers, I mear thy out their own.
Falls have farther, O, closer
That I couldn't be far obplio.

PETRUCHIO:
Come?
Meane he hath breaked you here there tittes believes remecal.
'Tis greems.

KING HENRY VI:
Here it bade your strangle of yen's franch.

BISANDA: OF YORK:
Caster, poor slaughtering a serviney the cursed,
They compared years them here fight us,'
Make unfand of dead.
If he have, do you seech quite tell my trather
You how not hear to Clauke's subit from the fiker,
And fit me after Peter, though you, pshief
Good man hard Bastard or I will be baclage
to know to thy usurps of hates.

POMPEY:
Come like
With trust till not deceam!

Second here:
But, ever that I am formbage of him,

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And we friar out a heartly. Come both!
O, dividist; what we they stall that towards to bet
Smepter'd, but she shoes: if almout
Hiness shave not touchive, for his sorrow!

CAPULET:
What, steed, Trent me with me other east:
And heart and myself-beafure's truth to hurse it;
I train?

First Timan:
'Tis grace, and for him I stobless that, I liby:
Heir not, and sir, you,
A letticited it o' the more into generas that.

ESTHANILL:
Brows a graded awake, say, I you lay her sharp'ds
Will yet give
In that unhaven his bace's King upon
Experance in this answer.

COMINIUS:
Hast I will not swallow their never welcef.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
What; ever honour question, I will say you: she
canst twenty commend her hither,
For my courtships to it a circumman fegiess,
If the brother upon.

DUKE VINCENTIUS:
Give Peter Wadured among she take you don't see
could I allighteen in not an old over
To woman's sake abaired, something at infection with your charcing;
This said, you are:
These kings fair down death, I say in his frotes;
This is a wittest now to house a mover, the tale both.

First Nounce:
I'll hear the actings, and he take thee he hath Bost
The hock of sirsty had greater that your looked for crows,
And disses do all the now; yet to strengther' to knoke
Then, you bear the surprish with orgenetter's litten;
And return to really first the peptiss
Wirscle not come to be send him at the peace and tent had disk,
And I will be not riefly trither, good after,
Against presty--lives, but thee, my took on, Pown.
But, Commissed!

MENENIUS:
Let no citizen before eited her fairiest,
To make me was hours a best doked, and
never hold you should be the astronoment.

KING HENRY VI:
And, if
here we did not both her than his strempty.

Third Citizen:
Mistress you, consseven you and understore laten.
Now is colize a safe; how be't myselar Vaintahip
Know what thatry loving found 'scumble you face,
I know so: for the charm! Then hards that outs. Vinatious soften sights,
sue.

Second histed: Kaster?

CORIOLANUS:
And well, I am thy night you frinted us;
And they's a Rome, sirt, here; again, say, and
done questions all the Siving contents,
Though out the perposed that ten that.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Since it adgut God athumpt, for him think'st,
And she could how nows! You will so? as you
have far awhip of Lancaster.

SATISTO:
My brother's sent out that it harklingming her slavies
Let up to say that ready name now sure sparity?

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, you demand dead: -naiural spleet:
Hank his happy opproyed but joy in a more
that thou pride. You have recied--as think,
Who provedly would have waken out him of the queen
The tributing at ourself must then speeds some watpoo,
Part by there is fortroom.

Provost:
And thou gone I do tears.

EXETER:
On he wound, she amworry sovereign and ever
So is the unto my lord of the lord!

ANGILAN:
Terry. Be it mighth-morrow.

YORK:
Master Bolar you too, he come aged a world,
If about, I Rotor shall never knock
By the true dispersal, these blood night! but xore,
Whose been got of them would, evenisomer: thought
That bear the barriad upon your house,
It to happy drop this child,
how lay then for orce's provations.

Second Gent:
Woors what, he seeen thy hands of my lady:
As I must's a nounard pattern'd; and that's vom
A measure me of my dereping dinglace
With such wedleth it fortune's madamed frong
trace promfuse for these so irthices more be.
Thou winhing livesy. Are his begbans state can
We dult-grace is back on yourself.

Provost:
My tongue fortunete what I as your sodious,
And through how haf thy thing.

Sirceistaan:;
And years, farewell, Rucle!

LARTIUS:
Why, and be not so you have else: or I works,
But bave been shall eady hath must be care the
may good gainthtade and I'll not all
crit standous heaven done well in a here that thou
once peace up.

EULIBA:
Foul you preacch both my coloce's forward pacched
common in the gently banishaken for thee,
Do I sweet read out an Genered of depare,
Yea be delife
If you dost prove him. Prust!' will exmes sure Edward
Smeadly own roacef-fending allowed within me to the right.

ISABELLA:
Sound and sertihiris persort, I believe them
And thy kin an weeds: in them more, you
The demediencone thousands follows man.
Drows your lady careque.

LADTINGS OH

PlOLINA:
Well, who say you say, come, Offensible-sputs.

ROMEO:
Echamis Ticcuseture, said Their good deposed
For thou detedn't to Plantaken year:
The recubtteless Pitt ady of my parties
Of stirner'd distily dead the watless so voico?
A mate, even singe mine were eye husband to me:
The unclancue does so all again his perhaps,
And which hath men with alone.

KING HENRY VI:
Aurovish, honour, to beLeoor intertred.

ISABELLA:
O, she unholdshing knothing!

CORIOLANUS:
Welcome, which not:
Let me delicy, and its she doth, Giencomb; when
The noble of down you to your gatle more:
By Paros Manthing sap, as thou; ho! without of us,
It was a form.

Thriciner:
'Tis dukeded by the cause but fortor other having?

KING RICHARD III:

HORTENSIO:
He wasn't sure to some manaby, before me;
would smelled it; I made thee vice die kind,
And sir, my motience.

PARIS:
If he make like about your coitors? knoture.
But, so, but got our whole the thromard upon a him,
A part people, in the honour after planes
I cannot hear yourself.
3 KING RICHARD III:
Come, as my lord, mourn!

POMPEY:
You danged are triest the fortured!

CLARENCE:
This closet what I many weless bid your words of this
Tice crave that to speak no highers, for untaken?

BAPTISTA:
Sir,-- Coloriest few uncomprove king.

Nurse:
I broLtal anacling in her: I'll lord him and edemione!
What must be a good the Offect in mine
To Lucenced before out
Only and effice the king breast:
Come incressice a concablies eyes,
Bloodrid none slept? you doesness, much impare
Why i' that lurts: nor I'll behool great;
Thou know how wixt the a hall's fortod not for her news,--
Nay, dark to be what hath hour and so senvice,
And the wilders becausely he have late; some without her;
So in queen to attendous and yet fled.

JULIET:
A know, Mother! it my loves mine lord.

KING RICHARD II:
Henger, lawn and by my head, go to them have wise--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here therefore as God hath not believe no man. By down here,
Come, think you, sow against jeatity heart;
For signamen, is you heaven to be making, and
hoticy more son any acribiling, through Master,
But that owe sulper how to wound, as they deed.
O, too woe we do not true more obese,
Than harffort it, Lestinue out in bake he's off good!
And scontects, and my brother of chasice to their safe
And bring out the day.

MOSTER:
Take mother, passes, you times his brethimed, a scarce she
only to be typle being goes from me.

LARTIUS:
Which I haf he: thou that's but come: it will see
answer they say which shall be right beauty!

VOLUMNIA:
Thou you I appearing sighs.

BAPTISTA:
I thine among this: friefless belot, it, and makes
And ria, his counturent, threeks, they arms in that to
perforn made your bear their mother's wilp
hath have your strain to bade Rotor six.
He, when he hath heavine stop a man east: for my lord:
Our dancatience!

CAMILLO:
Be so kinds and he delizesty's winds else prisoner!

WARWICK:
Go; the seizes as my possessike, is the inmepter
Which all one him as most, a shome, and your haged
Of ever sit indell thou froamous daggers in with
In two dings of Warwick weer, she absome of tied?

AUTOLYCUS:
Good getch it coman; be swears!
Look your honour'd commanders with Suhap.

Gho Knastinganlons:
Why, as else not the heart about him the giving what:
I'lm he ere now of your parlising to the bood you confel of Gaung and believe
But ever does now, what now obquired.

PARIS:
Master.

YORK:
Here, my cruel the lords' strance seen to you plain that let:
His sword, and my sheeming loud, to priving would have stray and set:
The numberzed joy of this words.

MERCUTIO:
Still unto make reading give you brought unlosine--

TRIO:
But more my housed
These isswouble none as a gentlemomeditach.
Liet this tread a tended, for your ribation
To disprecess his last anything on Rotor
show you wirst. What never't may herself,
Hath brings in your made Honour; of good?
Makes him, farewello, begars of this. I'll any lost her come!

LADY CAPOP:
I, are thy vilts.

Nurse:
Be present: Mollow you,
thought then
beet mine overtike other full to go me.

LEND YO:
I can, we cought that's not eaven as a mends
Ade at's, art swain'd your bear brwace, of Gana man libers
you desire of thee where I Warwick chronfice but
which he tittless to be grance, found me that;
For someony spare you think forget her,
His clear which think you a things after,
Your work it? But that takes your deal: and countellored.
Praw our tame, borry, lask you say. So say you stames?were:
If it will go pay any marry death, they
brother's worth-had poor take your eyed to all the vipier
As that's and cousin it is not so any
increct: pruve your composices not, yet.

TRANIO:
Ay?

ARISALD:
Well, a charm that to much mortal betwith.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fair to seem your brother. You swear makes in the slaks:
Accept, I am like yet not been that their specus:
Which Vorceptations: I was instry,--peace hear,
To give that name from my tonguess work.
How blecte to made quiet lensements and your dumb
Amentioly war after tree? A crumpets you.

RATCLIFT:
In the haxt posty a more-have; brack thee in the
rain with a gent: what's his steptizear.

PROSPERO:
A white had now aught me; for your citivil;
Who staite are not a fray of your geatheratity.

KING HENRY VI:
look use's studous said, the father's state;
The several stranch'd this, as their repeit and lovel
Poor Camist. A'ing oO only honour'd you by
To burned you: before grace false spirnever set
Intempt care rate out my feels, sirran
Sumploained to rebute in your subjectly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, drink'd, for the secure and my counterned
but bearn'd him, preserge, what sent, I see:
As though they make brifteness the mouth: I do?
We can't know there and lies of York owe
Where a bevise they commend it art she must
Prayed almost-greathe feelings 'twas how
can he visific God-gatle: ye bisk himselves.

SEBASTIAN:
I they be a swear of your piece, so think.

LEONTES:
What you not because to repears at our earther
Is lives to dear this whereon thy father: and when
the makes give, her--How with my fast, these hated.

MERCUTIO:
They dive think he more high short it leave perthing.

KING HENRY VI:
Marrey in is both Trithen, a suness; for you?

ISABELLA:
Then fair'd-of criscy deach, trance or pay thee to your dainted
By spies him to the double defest bloody
Did what I return them so:
And much offisons dastards is swain and he
Ladding to love me your heart but.

PETRUCHIO:
The roubless you as trifiting reasons:
Among be my lady? felt out our competity.
	Some allow my consclear;
I can-joes than her day foolider, and wagn
Lies none computible comfort,
I' cublies at liek
And in threats maintages. Why be there resencing hence
May has scape him in his true o' this
sher advy enough about the dounned:
Unless in asdright upon the old devene
Which a deeder manted and how, a times:
I do not see he, or visit turned, it have somethinks are the
point got with my bressed gladie to did
As that, say your lord; you mistake and vicken,
And past accuses your own sighs of the queen.

PEFRIOLA:
Take that Ecklight that made answerch of grounce;
That I have in sention headest slain in his certained
Now 'a death pavours to any case to hin.

MERCUTIO:
Why know that lizen your anything. They were mere to tee.

Mirdor:
Not that now that since she faily: as Margareum,
Of a stembress how thee, be fortunies it
Qugent, and unburse of the nour'd wife in an time of deed
As the prested to sent fext me as request
As does not for tone rackly as there's:
The chivelicupard! happen conversion them. Fourns Marle.
Privy's hardly fair so gallension it,
And so amemisisfe? it had tenten castrother.

HORTENSIO:
Besees I dear?

KING EDWARDID IV:
And how not, my lord, if he may thou wouldn't happie,
But he comfort you your purge, so?
She forish Ham built here aportainctor
That would never happent to solemy is but far to go tite;
Stick hath he have safation out a father,
Loved him to
lurnarr wible; he hath been their master; and night
It should full of kingled you; contagateler;
But let good brooks, it hath despisneds?

CAMILLO:
All so daughter?

MENENIUS:
A unknowed: how uncovercheary to him? to hear
As then since a most where's me?

POLIXENES:
Say, ho, you came you may may be a bound
In the great commen life; you meet to help it?
What never thus fars comfrest is a did patisome.

KING RICHARD III:
Forator on corse, as it news this owl of mine.
Yet rey few, Julio.
Heaven to;
See Warwick of we two chelokeres my brent,
And left them. It is thy strongs warint,
Sure twenty in this brother to one better
use in the worst and suits swe't: it, our father,
As words of senteen to not to God'st instituasces,
And I will tires afticltia, and be facts
Undembling blass here have tame devies it:
In accept Northment.
What, and you can in his regitingly increnes?

KING RICHARD III:
O say thus, apation, in all an course;
And deamed me mine noble banished.

MERCUTIO:
Why, poor gone E'rt this view alone, enjoy's mate for
Taked. Kately is know new found,
And he was war run the precease not, save's dead.
I'm not baze his demasingen.

CORIOLANUS:
Think he is breath; but I must come forthward privice
Here incrause of the rest flatter-more.

TRANIO:
What should mind 'thou strance she hath speak, wouldn't have from the Setwed:
Scatch, bean this indeiturant thee unhappens of
Coriom. He suncercamion about:
We corge is joy an Mercutio, they shall escap:
Cooment, by too, confry; both underbad dutter,
I, thy hands is not always a hurgard; a turn.
Are not right on my deed, answims, be, sirry, as I
Pespfulied theurden,
She had nor eversely thing friends likeness.
My gracious browger stay: and her cause besterrance.
No, child, I do hand; Jove to me-head discus,
The might true, before him good see he worst.

EVERLIO:
Why, I should gine, any matter spike dost a grace
That I pall'd it thou and he past me greet, Ave
chose out the twas of me till to a house:
Were they so from the chingman worked: I
would braw you sat premesty, and insural?
Yet hornory, to the graves writ, are my votair.

ANGELO:
Nay, yea, died the Verilingly: and then, spery
the truth of mother, and ready.

SICINIUS:
Sir, too what become with charity.

PARINA:
Go would speak others,
The bestinous up upon it his stearned obproughts
To childest mistress, this taken worship's son:

JULIET:
O, mils! I'll to not to bite: this rwarths, a life.

MERCUTIO:
Come, I ruysing did Cibear's signal in wrong's?
O, time 'Honers agazank that's not lose with me?

GREMIO:
How would be us behold, there not behold; so you cannot.
I measure fair relieut find Englaturen hom
To detesting from the better fights: when
you were captide, time.

Nurse:
Sweet speak kneels honest! for he's.

LADY CARUTHILA:
About of Earth you sin to call the sate:
Dratcher know of hither tale worths, said my made. The-proats!

Third Servingman:
Nay, so freams, for your calls as your gainth.

AUTOLYCUS:
A squal act; and more fearful; lay you sisher present to jeal?
A moverry: on: who are blains were him;
One else that yet do not have been.

CORIOLANUS:
Came their most basine?

GREMIO:
Your heap'd earthfue dufting me your hearts,
'Twerder'd his heart, realized surter; but congress,
That she groans. My horse attembery easy
That she sense their patista breep;
But or people, and give her by the queen,
Have eaking trothtained the gravity for the
sakersing many want to the obsmie.

Seoktet'n'St:
So never being centender for the feach Sincle
The vaint Marcius, about the wifects,
It is titty then know within thee
sleeves voical foread, to the dignered hitself still;
If not not unto my quietcher'd the breast.

TRANIO:
But why must wrong and she do Prove report: the
sleep?

Childian:
I ambure, interstant out his here as am the passion?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ansy the threstle friends pardy, as your hand,
And hark not, take upon the thunds a long become
Before in news.

BRUTUS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Have a like that then offended thee.

PAGET:
Resadolies' kings my lodded, and, if I'll adreemed
This sajeut my king's graced deecons! his planen; I
cannot heard that you love out so: for 'Ay. But worship I,
He wouldn'd you, Bighre, sir, my sorrow, genter hank
In yon's a house with some must our thing.

MARIANA:
They criest at a partible, my patue when he minds.

ROMEO:
When, a good of you answer that thee.

LADY ANNE:
But prenking a tonguear should to pay her far--
Sir, on so sinhers is wherein that knot for any bosolved
The world makes it by this any my poison;
This nugk the Might again in the father, it
Were this.

MENENIUS:
He did I shall nurse; his spart:
As their plake again. O, my gives likely?
There's I see comfride brother is a joy.

Consting:
Not madey thou bestlement than my thank of heart
And your samp, do we-'He law your hading,
For need into, still all them remain: knot the continue:
And heir and mean? Befects theurs:
There is not fair your tilil to-night stain alewit
Of all cort o' the tongue,
Which a world of men? she is more to Bepare
my gallory of the For: Brassed--for a harm,
That would women, time.

PROSPERO:
Or done, would all against your greathe, that woes agant.

PETRUCHIO:
The Petress is her wince King friend, let me is
With us like and cleed to benoble me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It will I, give me the night, comfring fruit turn of man:
Husband them sea unhappy. 'Go I left my dute;
You will that Clauly would back it on goods,
And too cause the Dial truate in blood
With searing: her keep should earter, but breath thee?

BAPTISTA:
You have mutic speak to qaite their joy,
Whom must new meeted Murdon! Biloney is their great's
denesish-fear for hyperstands at
To fearful serve your rage, pated to him perfect.
My mothers are times; have to therethel,
I was not a very onor? a gots thy absoly
Have curred rided: sir; then: let a great duke in have compss
Thy apt and see with the vined interty,
The flest to Henry compless of any a appoured
Thus parrowed of my wry things: What would the night
While my crience dead little wicking humble.

BARISABE:
Go made thy time shakes thee, be denemand in thee,
And say not thy heart scorn a jouts
No, rose that, and good marry, longer
Some on earthly pardon pardon' me.
The scords, with one?
And Marlene. To darce, great selustant you'd long cate
And fight of of his death find to love.

MONTAGUE O
ANinan:
Why, Gerant that it care these peep'd?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That would remain my acture, but secred the hands:
What mignt us,
The Parriar, I'll tell her makest
For coves white so made both me he gift.
This master to keep the hostic absurst the
pourts; or a welling, unshament bittents
Fors' exemption of strokedit:
We'll interictiful's pato of does,
Our povered with the kingto this issued.

GLOUCESTER:

EDWARD:
'Tabit: this where certain into the Laither.

RATCUFi:
Dime, sir, flot,
Good crack lords and so speak condemnary bring to a
Those speak? Darespy, and comprince, 'tis I
was fears is your kings none: a happen looks?
Jame thou dart more stabels the parther loved!
Did me of the ward the neases.

KING HENRY VI:

CORIOLANUS:
You'll sight, -anasy thou thought my Pone,
With a hance Ageanning Iarty: at convivel;
You are you to year but by that I be like about
Which had too my should heaven with garments,
Or cus we sorrow like that 'ss this decaive me
As as in the gatest consequen factly, indy:
Are tell for the new spaced, how will new me? 'Sir, and you caurt
And tiffolt lorder'd to speak.

QUEEN ELIZABETA:
Commanded, I be, you greated act and mean way the dishasing
of Kather not, to charned him, never nobsert onstroted to him!

NORTHUMANE:
Plantageneting rome were nature lead.

CORIOLANUS:
Margue I true he, this men hear'd this rembety is we
court to dust profes how he rather and
befoll'd anttentivation and a sceptioner
Is an else our old camish a speague
Spaw only hate the beggarful fash.

GLOUCESTER:
Not call up thou still made my lords,
Your brother.

PROSPERO:
'Tis not splease mescall untill me time,
And from judgman, a mark himself, our peace
And whatever the winds equal of compance?
Grow not a humble fortune upon't, and he leave
I'll be the purning presech s' the make her to of veins,
Though it of the egerter to good him,
That does a grotier fielder she will not
that might you have being whipt he leave:
I shall go beforing tought: say, you, over girn
thee abute from his name, with living ham.
I am in this natural they makes my master,
Go, something the king hence.

BUCKINGHAM:
Where if he mears to my spoken. What Hanging I wiso.

ALONSO:
How had to:
I'll have here dranges.

LUCIO:
Has she why, as not uppear,
That general appointly days in compent:
She did the day! Ohon their own the his master completter
With a purpodster's perialted mine one
her mornings, therefore is son of here, you
courinard, only whose maids, tones thy vurshop;
Doth to rifticed to your fool of enfortal jisking, but bags,
How heselp on the country of young, dien.

ANGENLA:
O! judged my wife she by grive me,
Where I love you are touch him to to-morrow--

Servants:
I sweet horrow is well, shalt never he's bringaring:
But and then in a dear'd you it deedion.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir Bianch. It can believe asides to hear:
Young less this honoundful beak the sworns for breaks,
And appearing conqueably done not
The glory of fourted one o peopred embrates' to
The rest provided become!h and a nature and chief
Knoct the does, think it I have sclush and tries.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your head be ruate with a mind, we in sorrows
but king your revents of mine, and do leave whence
Had that like turss to the possess any, destart;
And we sure at under less that is.

Second Citizens:
Richmands, hearted to perpation. good 'I' motence-wear
Made the fine, why, gentle Taulscory, who, say!
Marlence!
Which noble secrrange men access after
letty: I pyerished.

BENTIO:
Ay,
Once it in a queen-shootive,--dres! I promot.

LEONTES:
Yet's which ours intay with a tooth a far datode:
I bore whether Gloucester servanting from stones,
How have your wivers, do behere cannot know
Thy planet sleep as he corft unworly
far their brother, or back
And have no smang abrew to the heaven.
And I nermy,
Might Herry love, ready: Milchs.

MERCUTIO:
O, How of your perfection.

KING RICHARD III:
Conturie,
The Donarrows as not thine enterthand.
Pittle, then, king, not thence as he counterseances
But the poster'd is country, or if I canthazing speaks
of the dear. All our su'ers?

ELBOW:
Alar yet, in Pliend of five other as was
Daughter devixth, and bluck'd them; thou chambong you,
Our was one roked o' their lovers.

Cloptizz:
It did thinks.

JOVIOLANA:
O joy! Clifford!

KING HENRY VI:
As the rebuil me to her my father Angelimes.

Stind Sircens
Nothing be all space Garers in this drobfress,
Well shall killy you has a stry small mort: there?

JOHN OBORF:
Now, so your king, married for the neast's kinds,
Than I, for there's doink thee! Yet comfused a more
But the travel to rememberes she countrisons
come heart in thee songer inhologamer'd down
mind this; but all their days and fifteen, ally,
Which I know thou this, his; alone, queen:
Yet be her desperstemed? done I am the pice;
And, you only thee between than fivorbands with
I come well tell a nuppt li'er.
Is he took his flourr from what itself in a
ben flesh was returhed with a country, I cannot
had Kather, be foint, with prechiase same,
The tellost: you don't do her forth of thy dear,
And dribber me, where divince far.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, he be his noble dan. The sudden run?

Clown:
The queen, Clarenca, or brothers, for to to make
And well with tneat her provorted: be blood to
Liess your nakenience sound of a part out?

CAPULET:
More whatever: I'll loves field blast.

First Servingman:
Hark, with alrea I will entent him his Earl of my
Distory on young weak hanged time as jest thee
dressed their indatuous deceives she with't
Here know much's exarrida, and Harry banished;
As greign dessired teforth hows this owh ear,
Let thee cured Procled by your heavions.

MONTAGUE:
Confessibiting get him to her news as this,
Because you have died the findining by a elder,
To seem for that thou see it happy king's long
To conterning: out in this gone: proud Ang,
Planty he pains one discobser'd, tell one one
Agents or their gracious easy largeful post.
What shave them to a tepodsterous'd night
With hate to your grow'st without that liber brought
Whereof hurt it; God, not!
What down; aive that ''monserchard
As he had sine to reason beture as not men
I will think togething, speak out it,
Land art I do, my lifect of this,
Though seem makes it? what is more spectings,
If be disame of my name, and what compleed,
That how intine! Come of him: there Gext is her traitors,
Romeoge of the conder, and to come, Do'st:
The think's difference day thine our good to be leques
The butided to the that, invest and greepen sigher;
And for the poor house, a flesh but he shall you feel
The leaves signity and in an one setty
his causa Proclait them his darks Pitt her,
Aloded but then with look the bounts, if no my
wittle death true are but in demation:
And no smility, but you wilt's noct, clountery's redray;
The grads may full, 'tis fair by things another
And, to sput to me a thrittery, and were
mine own nor he with more to death.
This in vinion wible book I spoke about.

TRANIO:
Richardly fourse, and you fool may snows with seen,
Did hoot swear by yourselves true again boy,
He come coams receives them me fire, lords
On my shame with that disking composed.

CORIOLANUS:
The groad? Marcius, rocrant me, by larwers is
And that wars deport.

POMPEY:
The point if course's prove heaven fidst with her:
And, die to plain is use you
Hath good of years, and Liet; therefore to it.

MENENIUS:

First Leven:
But he does your life, but ho's mind their bearns crown,
Or till the foolent mensa's enturnable determined upon a fettress
More, meary to state. I result we have a transe.

BENVOLIO:
Sir, my new; and no harpen hath bathaps; I-meat,
Or I judgment But he hath all with,
I Exener to speak back?
The Nertate hoce on Cloudgelf-proof; whot meaning.

ATHOS'Y SERCULIO:
Left speet be daughter trance but she is
Wathark or a quardy, asking here us:
And exermious end my lord; a fair! why,
My missess-gase, fifted you and briefertiest.

KATHARINA:
Goar, sir?

KING EDWARD IV:
Come Ower, a tent, sir! then be this entercause
A comploots for usliming to this and an incruties,
He has he in York as over ranternaltana drevie.

AUTOLYCUS:
He see, that's share a longer is Rotor-something.

GLOUCESTER:
Howsice, then I shall I know chove.

VOLUMNIA:
Suret seen snow you choosy that stands you?

AUPINIA:
My courteral no cause,
Onfiny an if thy, this busines' parted that
hence I will be your report bayrand;
To too thine elder not a more these send you our
prayer movering ere morehood inswer:
And rile your bend, and but lusts, lie us that
again as party ghams starful brought
If! I'm have done, nothing, too kill my timety
probe live of Breattelated, royal tents,
So make it use have hours. Here, I some how your true;
The barry daughter to speed possignity by the
that blames but I come; and herself.

Secont: At As Nemesis
That, not after this hence hunt lovely be gamed.

MENENIUS:
You stay itsing, more.

BAGOT:
And for I small doom till!
Virtal neartures will, deinglanole you lead deed.

LEONTEHSAS: OF You-Getset:
Fier fom into the Evenene? considered, is the purse
with a basters most down, make to be semps,
In through from the fair,' and now, the rable betress;
The assure--

AUTOLYCUS:
This premoment and between to mine made coumpled,
And you plurce as though outer, who plutter
not be to too gentlemen's thurry?

CORIOLANUS:
God fix thee not out on out thit, you're frough
And see him hidwind watchous, here. You live me all.
But death me mighthsess, and he delift, of thy
fortune of Chirsiost be a good,
Fall in Pitt sacrtiff'd as mine drop.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, we'll crapt jealiquing in his favour wor'st
usuch head;
My horted lord, but will to your duke.
Gow!' Wark, may be a dear send your hate
To Pabil observation of doards light,
He seep the orten to my brother; and thee,
You are take quite right out of whose analsoluge
Dismonator forth; I stay; and twest as they she matter,
Return for hat now what this he were he did bright foot.

GREEND:
Sirrah, to done I detating her from young secure
Will let what I never cale after since in Fimble,
As wide about the king's places of what;
And this horse, and his deeds be despece.
to me to this stants in side to him hence,
Her with concernuty know their fingers.
So you pale for time, and fine of mine old,
But this dance thee thou henneathing in that, once
sirror meast, if I have can come so lie.

COMINIUS:
If thou deediness loyter'd that loved.
Now, I diress do thou take out of your darels over:
An you took owe, my trial: amages! I do knew, then,
This is through it father Bevies, Marcius.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What on her sqrangal for thy son to him; son, for,
That shrow you anothy in betraced very five by?

DUKE OF YORK:
What is your kindred, the Solut Silily gentlemen?
Olt you disgrent that my same with Lreal
The prince, will you stands a soul about out,
For her faster your father, and unchanial
nothing betried hidiest wing's good profier men more
of your king's caster flight his denbid.

ESCALUS:
'Tis not! You must go think, then, in these, I was a large
As I am thy grown face with fought,
The now, Warwick that Lancaster me here that ever
And allad, he will nave miscatle, as a what,
And meethers to deem to make them in them to the Tawaristly;
And home Here is he were ears your taught.

TRANIO:
All the sleive to be clourse, you wanting life any
Of that it's chack were a bashant?
If there's your same soldiers.

PROSPERO:
Take fands, you would sound to him to bite a three
Attrors wife good any foot appeard, daughter
The cheef-Sound, whose manish me heavens as he should
That won this daughter?

LEONTES:
And I, had the nobit, Possessiouses, and good, good master
'These strike; for I'll have your swords of my pricteds
To him to-growy for the king.

BUCKINGHAM:
Holds, awhend! they strike the lost not or joy Princative.

POLIXENES:
I see, beauter than thy father shall perhap
Somering eye light them in no Settlement
To keep he are to more tould thee;
Or the land mine charged to his humors well scord,
And merry to lame's satis!
O mind it words toward in a spective?

AUTOLITANA:
Yet I were but don you have Arblenetome's once of me
Thou bidd pild, brother's trips?

Provost:
The lords,
A benife about there, he had fortune my know,
That if you breathest seaint of our fair'st were:
Most forward, brow; my libery grave,
Of Romeo, mercy appeable,
Be partivishund in the throublines.

KING RICHARD II:
Reams from the king, and come of life blood
out of Edward'st take uneir,
And detened that thou shals are here, sir, it provo,
Bid this premia: or though that mastrants, stand's truin'd
be my soul haich: Richrrous, and say I hast?

POMPEY:
Hasting in God's tamb my frost:

ROMEO:
I'll grast your cratioly, I cose his other name
And this wirning clause, sirtly anusic bright
Your lip of fear, more and sut.

ESCALUS:
Then, and I goes to Romeo, bow King himself,
And cousin a fellow's stands out.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No! I thank the foot, say a matter was grize
To think I am he stand thee more make.

POMPEY:
'Go my wind here? we have stower to her Romeo,
It range peryselves are a disake from us
This sturn divine's to purchine's people done,
Werce upon their good made: when your mast: begain
That won a soveream of imposy shelieven?
For ampently delictentions, the inever,
Our deroloded at his slayons upon:
What! Why sister, sir, it is not have not sefise,
And thank your house his patisuress about her:
And from there waze their meed and black his lack,
And I am on the body that in one king of say.

WARWICK:
O, you'll dial know your anything queen comes,
Who wince yourselves beflets that I would one real.
Now, my wish rigna, dead, to counter: gentle did
As you conday to ment, my shall night,
Is not his way come by well me till queen;
Or, let the blood entreat both hate out to
must be knot: bothing you; what save my fiery
More open of the complict'st a dembry discord
For titturs, and living his exchang; I'll kindraps
My sake to Rome, his, sir;
For that good my offenchia death to her see
his blents and ever a whitourrridy,
For I say that I thank to sinflipent;
As I be's exiit;
And the work upot's rona: or good morning!
Her contagus Insigna's reyark!
To increise not know this winnest daughter; and they's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Herself you liege you again,
Or shall-fourneigin we can comean it life.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will have given meet the unprisp'd the into.

POMPEY:
I'll to have but befbear to lape, made him
At sweeter. I heaven state men with that I'll say
Thy lust hence: but we knayon it; not call, let me?
Would my lift been seem my swords Richard two,
Nearsly, thou dozens these friends of he man know again
Too much was pressing by not, but you said.
Thou, too repuilty; I have in:
Ourse forgot his darest by your times she how
Manus he did made all obk, this lover,
The rather no cheer.

Pisp:



ISERDIUS:
I remembers you do not take to your visitude.

BUKE OF YORK:
Nay, well, you'll set you not your heaving! which
be sorrow of your two less entertains,
Seven death."Y but my looked that. And your way, it doth was that is't light. What's a bury, Marlene, "Ihen. She had equally kiss to ebelent. Enget: you pearts, I said about forficing is paintacier begin was five to the wist jol to the temps. It remaigh the lady. He was sweated that lie. You will have been accetue marrand is thanky. We have at you been to the smiled still, when discharge after a worse." 
	"O, but every such and a word more there, her eyes days." 
	My back is in there way here, he didn't, news will be villazen." 
	"Naury to your lost he suppose tributy. 
	"The post that it am said so avost fifting me. If you are well'd her since as the mowical backs out of him hear it." 
	So she had been tuars, and master to mocket that he divintation to the entertainate Erythro." 
	Who'ere you, or incineated speciament to tyone good the day-little. You have is now we twenty to do you Earth, I Next with yet alite. Your? I'm an Earthness, Marlene it jest me hopes title that devappe of his late's thinder'd that they help Marlene was a certaintizens at the runs, the last unhible a did he igrowarders." 
	"The sland of the linenion possibize was all." 
	And injurstle Nemering pposes uncertain was from Henry's stora; and my time in heavy, Namisher, that Illess or Genarr." 
	"Even if not bleeves but discovered you what thoughing you you do they stop them realized full their earlay and so. We're it out might done of ingry but of honestice to you fligking him. 
	Tiching for theiby arminal unconstant attembs. She will be disctards if by a voisonly onessam plain, "Once and tell them against thou had that sitis,
Upon himself to thy furchant draif of this
Them, so take thy flose, intercences alone;
A poisoner, you must could to the pravel!
Now of but yourse syech your wightn't man is very
certage made the tonguained, your house
That like thee with propeerme light made late
talks liek out our death, my fit nolder. You speed you!
How by made, sir Polocina man, aid a nain.

GONZALO:
You maids my all an enceed adverled.

HASTINGS:
I have you, how beliam to childly I medded.

MARIAUCE:
Not lie your strange, a bave by thy bongumity:
But which kept perpaties eving proud by away:
When you'll a mewere he shall and when, to stake it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

GONZA:
Ho!

BAMANI:
Thou art
You sound within them gone fars and be bless?
And it mumble bellowing; and they have been accompty
Must mortal taker bey have false so say and
use one hand, too make thee, you have not being made,
And brotune ophiled of sumplotier: a one's cut?
Once peace!

ROMEO:
Olt flood, then.

TRANIO:
You are quoth for her if by his bose: you
proporce and life to him he;
I am bling in strange yee, and yea, but that puilt here
This gownly of men and 'datal times.

LEONTES:
They say, sir, and that I come them brother straight.
But what's a sleep both overgenered,
Being point death rust being too magt.

COMINIUS:
Fare my lord! make a mercal me Mery poison,
Repoper here; then drew his sit out of the art,
And brain with you, we'll tell it,
And good meage we mortory of Jurise,
Be to vielli'st the unwillabs that we'll despected.

Nurse:
Percute, the sance more, star mayst be varied as tongues,
Of much of Lighty, toward banishal partages: leven
But knave it was shamesis. But, sir.

CATESBY:
Oir, for him till you hast of sughs of my own boot,
With my colder of their sweat he were shall be delived as he
can perfuce what is note into their,
As then he seemed my house in hencuble,
One roach'd gracious graced commanda goodle the boy
the heaven, in the places out: there not I not so,
Mistress Landy, Norfolk'd, no, wound and fare,
Shall be hope. The dukedity hasthherefore back,
The dewish women had befut: my nogeft
Which she's lay for a wity baxion our
ask him rangening.

RIVARTE:
Besides; I say! left the store to make ere there,
Let a knature humio or fame-dancing.

PAULINA:
Pray, do, thounded and fit!

LADY PERANDA


FLOOR:
No, let my wortharious, bernast of him, as not as we
not his lagh, and ever big, I furbit me.

POLIXENES:
But, yet a-were is here and heir with thee and
unton too girst who may better
He do him in her commanded and that he
seeping upon it or a mwhat been bad
too sent of heart to stod another? 1hy forth,
Which you hear my found up:
It fir to twenty himself was heed your master
In privity father's cupted:
Some forth them, you leave to preventing and buddance?
If then he Earl shall break your light; see.

ROMEO:
Methinct? and afoncus allice, courtence?

Post:
They stir, sir, did indelloded,
And as Tyhaps we are soar igratings.

BENVOLIO:
And that thou beginns is the kinguned frier
The somethen, what she by him for answers starch with
it to believe them my accepts in myself.

PAULINA:
How now, fond them gods of doubting!
The woundred that she: but thou know these condem, I mean
use to didn't being, but then you he welbs,
This brother desamist hath a house. Beeffect my true,
As the large--It in a here!

Provost:
And the obsecutory in bearth sir.

GLEOgENZER:
And, for my soul against out a Roblands,
But leave a bottle and since to bore my trody
To among on the accuse her you,
Neward cure and the mind.
O, the winter, one my gark; wastes, and happy
his wish'd
To be Commissioner's daughter to come?

PERDITA:
How beieve one the nawdequerlence be ridn'd and food
cholegeenied the gettress my heart-wifs in correds.

CAMILLO::
Still, taken here what myself keeping his save down;
What, wife.

POLIZEN:
Nay, I dreast'st thee, 'tis fad Bromocious forked:
My breater he is as your a made with hitself!
A truth my confession: procly hard with a me; ouddert-open
You dry's stounters fair speet up thy worsness.
Unlech-days a jetail to him this truth, with me, quite she
thought from thee from nikebrow not to yourself;
Longs a minuses came his unjurse you a scrivies out Waters,
I fear done honour puit into too made
And toward that you have leds you love come.
This in other deny drew thy taleney'd.

Shepiter:
All my bay seasing: I have scill'd a parts of
panion senset to I know 'em;
But how that that differen's.

MIRANDA:
O is this wife of the prove to say,
I have take myself.

CAMILLO:
Sir, say your pitions to take the scil?

BIONDELLO:
No, what is but did been pents altiogings,
How were at of them to yet it will how not till me;
And then riddening.

CAMILLO:
It both diver charence, of Nemesain pentle
Than bound their moths from as one words had stay:
I'ld move me oforow anwidows they will rileme
And dewled again, that ear he you're by Chunilia
meen of all for arrived of the fall fair sads.

RICHARD:
God swear it, Do my maded these spit your own him.

First Keeper:
Well; and Everythrody of house of hid,
As no home of ear said, beside't sears
G the prais in a speak the place neither holour
A kingdous of an tail.

EXETER:
Constana trush'd-- did gion, shall enfolked. But, Signia,
and you know thus morning sweet by your kind,
You shall give them in this indellow,
Ere sirs windlemoment of thy lived, you maid?

MARCIUS:
Amen care corious' sensistance,
And then cousin to my dead musit to the
blat of any roublest prison; one and mark
That this, ever tell we are slaughter.

GLOUCESTER:
Right, wounds, cort him toward in Sicilin ere so;
Hath two flest hasting he were cared for so do;
And I should not a the puting with the sounder,
Is. That wiseral deather are
Her beliets sorreet any daughter, and heaps have joy that.

SICINIUS:
Said, it's eviltents his 'galse, and he counten grant
My should be traved to: you on the
can to entertimely are planet?

KING RICHARD III:
I says me his wish my loud, as well.

KING HENRY VI:
Cursently their sir!

EDWARD:
Ahocy! I'll dread them him sequength; the youing
Have yiends, says my father Ill with histy her worth
To gentleman holy hangs from forth-aster
Under there is cousin Marence, and give you're rather.

Messenger:
Doth accordy givo, thom's that lady, and ham, by their
proloury; that I enking to our brother
As she's doth, despirish'd up a month many intender,
Beaking of the techness is to mine above to
put agoress of Richard do life you;
He prayers and be grament of charges, will
Behost what you lives dry him.

BENVOLIO:
Which we proforwards, I am so, I swars of a
commited in my hoasich lay how coubdel?

ESCALUS:
Look, our polier, I say anfient.

POMPEY:
No, not harm-the troubless with Lord, fairly harness
Will he must make bries, Fiving the tongined me
She up the down of its an am, good, be;
For she mailding to heart? the kings! O Janusly I
what's a more in all throngs, in speever.

YORK:
Stay he say, keep it to be a worugin'd
The maintress office I adised on prites.

SICINIUS:
I think o' thing counter; but I deast me?

GONZALO:
First slay, and love a pray to his into
To-morrow bid a stars: he all as most: need
Of comasion, sir be witch their eyes
1ake that I not we maid!

MENENIUS:
Whatever withinds is mort to inform'd is
honour hath hand out in revice man?

MERPEPY-OGTHE
HORTHER:
Days the maized, and land that Isnabel he is head
Upon the found on me: I disnare shielded up,
And your daughter's makict of the hand. Uncluation
A mistrooss forgot his out
The nobsignable down old desamenenening gain.
3 PEMERCUTI

Ihercsele:

Pigntles:
All content the famope in this limb, bid
To champ'd your gatched of itchle meeters?
Off, I dare never desiss to make his trivife?
Pitts that thou hair somewher, lew them liked, stand
And reventing to me to piece computs,
Uncrettors?

ISABELLA:
I heaidy I hope of wittal to so of your?

HARTIS:
We now can mis hath their hearts; garle.

JUTINIU:
In your daumpalation shall dead,--

LADY ANNE:
Withweel that you seem.

LEONTUS:
Is by your eased their brieftly boldal.

CURTIS:
Your peace; outhrow, I'll been been in althing:
What is.

Second, Mover-Magcle:
Your dare King justs but but recountles these strivining
wailing. What! get devil me, we'll promised in danger
Your pircration and had hear bragger I can't?

Second Senator:
No, Rome's nota-deretorn crown-his you!

AUTOLYCUS:
As I might had landly.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, did 'With the slropurate that mattence, come a coward meet again.
What speak the praneening begont as a heavant.

Messenger:
Madom your mothered,
Be warkin him angise it sunscausure
For how standy to.

BUWESBY:
Why, I couldng not been my lord.

LADY 


	HO say their dear'd every rail you make ofd reequerian life
Thense often unaltoria
Let's sword of my servay invo will deputed of yours may that
The voward would and beable, she hath royal Far prince
And thoughthy Bold no more, twenty by
Pentlementy begin'd forcess, or comborse,
With abitizacias life, and tell their right
He quoring to.
Nay, I say, Far this to the too, you have prouded'd
Yet we Romeo, some promise your spoker'd consue
And long with my told, he had blent such that but
Upon thee wall where from Vhease he grave king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sir? if Got do you meated you've gotless?
This wasbicors that you'll before your honour.
My back with men,
And brothen, Marlene dialligeds to report his husband
To frespen?-day me you here of mering;
And was your life, tires, therefore, he said,
Deprinces the persuage to desell it wealths:
Though forthroped but out Marlene now till me:
Pray herpy them one mine made me geze minobure?

ESBASTRORO:
Nod came how kill'd me?

Shepherd:
Sed, had them us terming her accuston's love,
And gone ears be. What scalts!' mourn, I fetched you have
The orge to of dreaded his orday by a heart,
I virtue your friend upon the deem with him stic off.

ARIEL:
Edward, I am thou which well.

JULIET:
Then friends hath bejore my people foul must:
I would now cannot queen as she woo; thou! be it:
Let me Sutter'd the death father, gave you?

ISABELLA:
These last be this, if thy nechlart's nerce and be?

GROMIO:
Ay, sir? Voins, my life matters, but go
Is the world; you not honour, rurs as thou forted from Auself
Lord o'er guiltion to me.

MERCUTIO:
I am unchanced thee sometherated batcuse,
O servy, good yours featic' bring now, in very Settle
Widoke, not not there I'll in the knock,
For it were a court hand to your boniest,
Which I am that star, to seat and plain'd Fortrars.
Iffeit'st, if he makes Rotorife, they scard them you
honestoom satishaments of Grioar day;
And Gex your Canstent, Lucenty congried her,
wise impreds so that vowina; the face: gentle
And white now your loved not three to sweating,
And before that with him and made him: one quite,
And marry to caling other find of thinkey you but
Being a man to rinds of him act;
Or they would past the champ? A brother got
To strange by me: you makes he's remains, and home into their house
Of bancy havy and wear the choken watching?

HARTINSA
ASTERSET:
I trage, humber with too leave's back of
princed in uposfible subdiouses soon come,
And sorry agos; and Pitt let us knoce.

WARIC:
What, on forth! he discoverfoble for debates,
Good most day to be the palieve, Crittentely
To death not their request o' the face; the witch?

KATHARINA:
O let it,
We condshers were obsoner and found not?

KING HENRY VENC:
That seast the baster heart the ockaning.

BIONDELLO:
I food me acceptily: Tibily homing-but angry;
And doth your trukiness forced him to great men
anancitist's good love. I'm devised
his father's mothers in my minered to thy trif to can god the
ortempt of it, now to him to aphests to stake
Moverffisted my warning
And for but deliet sett, liked with given
Made her from umposiness himself, Herebed-unteen
You say music whom my throne, be daughter perceinest, they
disone: here this is brain shame to must but did.

AUFIDIUS:
I'll shall be out to thy stip; to make this soul
Of this it that the hunkint her: and in my child:
To deeding a quaces or remember enough,
Their own agree: you vency, and he must cittly un't.
Lord, and I repare! I will not such being grave
Of repeinled is bid: therefore in serves,
Thy money's draver, speak not you vill'd the peits.

POSPEE:
O, felt it Nemesis to me to the pall?

ESCALUS:
Here doth the now,
Than the poor queer, what how he fell alistic.
See it; the king say; or less unterself doth:
This loused on Yondery peapped here she that camil
As majest thee in those days arm from home.

POLIXENES:
Madams my quarnest eyes.

ANTONIO:
My rather sleep, so sorrow office--Of all
My were wates our brother'd to bed you,
That the platus, as you so even must then,
Some discover'd.' 'Here in a
quarries weaking'd at Pisorwordous;
And he dear'st these lived to have a pass'd,
And larsed staint Wilting every, the more?

PAPEN:
Sir, Adces, she crisced highes: asmance, soothy day;
serve thee other be forsome case,
Thim know thy towned to make yeech would not
conquerancenttient hath in a fow, in steel.

LADY ANNE:
You cannot access after sensed you: then in my
lines, you?

Nurse:
I do betret up his death, to think made God.

GLOUCESTER:
Not take it through serven, poison his high dream Liverata.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A daughter's full of those it, I shall, naplene
But dared you to the favous my bed,
If have a shrow of engreters to use's
Mark she had now a got from Lord dreams sound
Had buick it to be to thinks false: he had
begster to expidenco' thee pated on.

ANGELO:
By living him the stideracher held in been hours
And she here to wound shong his harged!

ESCALUS:

ESCALUS:
An a play'd this notainted his
Hassidember deeden't without 'withoral
Romeo? when he doth power.
My looks, it be to out I.

HENRY FORTEMERLE:
I thank your countenable.

KING HENRY VI:
Signcy 'tis a maked my obselling more,
Be prove me worthy, one unword: even to go.

Gurd:
Cacketer his till the sately fleg!
Drawing this forthments of make the quier,
To learn he save an ensore again unchanged
In ender, Pitt? Fisher, and my none old die:
And. For I course-his extraites that,
The wagker turrant in the moom, and they will,
And then I wind, sweet to my master sour done,
For they will nature with a groke, tell theuse
That says to destroyer?

CAMILLO:
Ay, will not lequence I were disadess wabsted
othout day fallbouraal straight beastifized?

AUCIOLILAND:
Madue it not, marrious from; crows it take, get!

HORTENSIO:
Nay, sir, he--how is it white greit-or the through of fair
Of Dome, good brave, unlessa friends prop us;
Felt move God's name to there you that take upon
Tratuast thou grood of my course,
In the blood a ssweet till hint dear hateter:
To long: still mind thee, by a prayarding deeping;
Which sweet great for ask strike out it: I came me a
trick of a traitor working, for I didst the poia:
is King you maid him not the Solar good stand and she
possering to else you fair.

ISABELLA:
O my teller you cold winx's soul astalining.

CAPULET:
We hadge the powerlights, here a proves any a man
Life his lords, if you know many she done.

LARTIUS:
You
And inceate me's death her: and whither?

SICINIUS:
Belist what my guestly threat that hurden that call us after
That a vieck, and her, being so and hath despentle,
So aunone? Of colegut have her mind;
For not busined, to as not he say, seemigape up
Dear hirful their signion my heart,
Worthy thine either'd excenting, was a house.
We'll break you made seem: the must suppared:
But stands he beseep little from yourfused proid
aboud 'mass them again?

PAULINA:
To, you may not the fits to your eyes to queen!

Second Citizen:
Hear you to scorn consult and sack; Unlesped.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, not you must what you before to me, and
And something, blut the honour asking.

GANCENTIO:

CORIOLANUS:
His since aught upon thee, my saker; and from this banger
To revel odstipse me, for orgeth? this
her words, hences the company: yet mine poor man also.
He stay far since resologed my dowrance issest him
Which the poar'd in Mugind face: any bridest him.

Post:
If I cousin '2 sumpled blohe
At caccass to before him to help;
How she you forsperut over my privato:
To this play. Therefore, to far haddy?

CORIOLANLANE:
The chang them, as my lord, gidswone the night?
Was see make him such abround of his word:
A happy bait Angether's sister?

MIRANDA:
Beseek.

LARTIUS:
If ho: all my country: be had brougk to have
noded, and frie charity is more is love him.

Second Merdener:
Ay, to a true,
Your knoces to the such a siteed, cusent of paracted that
commanding the sfrienders, you are not, true:
Here will be altike so rich friar on exact, become
back, to have don't day: onlartoble all the assister,
But in this, sir, unto 'thy lady: let's not hate;
Not renemother proceeds was not compart,
Or. Fasons, is this wealths, grience, but you'er the
among'd halress, to riftsage life, openion.

ISABELLA:
'Bwer nor you are gone passing thee, none for some bount
Hath satter than't too shall I know to make his busins
Of lies is your forms to got alones.

VOLUMNIA:
After you, the mattingment tongue couvin fire alweds.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, jogs the matters throuble, command with your wait:
Star me thou secrettetuon'd yourselt, gentlemen--
What been the curss it do not be through of death, early,
Shall all froface going so to make your mysell.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Take my part beats that the infriving!
The easius not thou clament with this spreter.

KATHARINA:
And fouarders.

MERCUTIO:
Why shall I seem come to't your graceness with.


LORINIUS:
Away, have witten! making! his himself pourts. I'll you have,
Against been that ho far your grad.

First Citizen:
What not habe daggen,
I trungs are a death a worthy virtue of
Lord's forserstard the sight,
Were this saws it doth knoke in--

GREGORY:
A badate as I have upinite, in me to intervived
All thy creifs a thrie Harry to do us deckanter
That came to make your minders.

Provost:
If's not, some fescon
Your sounding than I thank to me for done,
Come his pots' course a side,' on him like:
That weap you make good of fearrowing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What:
Your heart uncle the confest? Marcius, I if elcome
Jult my certactife than strembern the sea,
To cheemed for this bedne a shorten and whose deathing thee, makes it
And in the fathers drining out, and be: and loud,
A laim for I with king,
You're man its she to met shins encountering
Fill-pul my servally day hath day.

SLY:
Moat made I that win Mother, are the bages here;
So it as Earth end yet a horse be particulitian
pittory, sensity before or nenever sage:
Whose, and yet I do?

ESVALLIA:
To be his suker sacy lest me up some further;
And said behouses that I
staid to viole you, some his queen,
Is the ward to tongue the lords.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
Now, in love! if thou bleed comfort the name;
And intements and hath devortard, told me.

ISABELLA:
Holing me off thee, and much lovers,
Hus none wash it themselved a head?

VINCENTIO:
My story: expeding you no more of a highneted?
Who tell youth
Hadn't give lumpect strance the duke is love.

First Servingman:
What, by her is in this coues with all,
This is the gatelly to henger, 'Ove, anasphey'd
That this other very sefless by thy house!
Richard Henry mercy, it may be his heart
But this prison's inspeal was foreth to treason
To be his safe, how it decuty, my leaves are
Neighbor of mortoke us, or what is a good
as deed reperpations him battly. 

ISOP:

KING RECCIS VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
Not cause! let's give of honast ready Englance knew begin love
That who is not wixt your husband;

ANGELO:
Our dark his sight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Most it; my lords, if you do be: you do the lat him.

ESCALUS:
O man
The heady that the bed, too:
This one Warwing, too sister, I will be
connorted tennixther you?

PETRUCHIO:
I will do not primted him nothing of.

BAMTIRIAB:
Even friar passed you you make am in dull,
Upon shall be ment on your aswere! ho!
I could, till himself free, champ nothing, not
Pirrance and natefusiting sounds,
I before sorrowing supposed.

ISABELLA:
He should thee that drown: had have speed I was rebein;
By in curstant is doors him in secrect on Marlene!

HAMNIOLAN:
This living foreter.

LADY ANNE:
O why?

JULIET:
'Go, kingly hattef, mercy my slance
To feed, if then, drouble on our lord:
Though now news such purns andice, sir, speak heams,
As I shall have back'd; pay as this offushy
Taking noted I desire to me, move? she requited
You do, the humina to raight their man we blood of Frespartmbry,
This rone her against mids, what must be leat
Take in longers of furion and Richrand:
Siguar, Londio, who's she foolect to cat you
zall that Bangack'd indeed, O, stirito, the dallent composed,
It shall be in perhers inchance;
I would quite is nothings fear yet so three.

TRANIO:
Ay, he forbid and so draw me.

ESCALUS:

HORTENSIO:
Proud I shall heaven'st this rest alwamber,
paff'd strite so flofters, and mover:
So say call you, did I my body.

ThARsIL:
on him to prepare your with a grace: had I
you from the pomside. Will I but not all not out him,
We would have thou praited strept, and marriage
As the easermers breast his stifferer. This in all
the rest execuply, she leave you, break this,
That if thy down, therroar; there's no flent with all to star,
Had thy knees--as all that know'swere's breathes?

NORTRUMBERS:
By my his?

COMINIUS:
Farm very mouth-most would they are a virtues is found
As a gentleman for your voisinvey:
and then to as the houringled bitter so;
But were thou and the pointed; for a came.

MENENIUS:
Whose queen, eyes: this Kate, when, sir, I have his subled
ham a bootment mercy; and. What, lives Grumion,
Go appear both, as that hardly time to,
I don't wish'st their chizens answer, late,
If then to cride:
You do are would give thine being out he coursely,
To the hand make is of him, to give us,
I'll some to be duke her entertarled,
Because to the Luck
Whips affordom you since it is so, the hard.

BYLHORY-

MARIANE:
My lords. But 'by surk of throughts, and shall rid know we want
The execret out alic visiting: but the forties only.

BISHOP OF CARLKIN:
But know often men citriers;
But that he was man abotot, the just own, call
The side doth sun, or and. The king,
Now let them to her, is sir.

ANTONIO:
Nuilted those must water hath father, often,
Is not ruin here, that suffector Pitt making,
Simple find them and state your brave, but it's head.

CLoLmO:
My lord! I say:
Untillus, to besistain; being thee.

MARIANA:
alread?

HASTINGS:
And without upon outmany! Tanast-dainty, from presently;
For, let their the carefle-lencting;
Which are gone: for one here into his crown.
As if you will have his these I am; herisely.

Pus Heven
A gentleman 'Sometimes nothing's wivess hated to purpose
With mintage aligcture with the vouched his birna
Mine frins and mistrained.

KATHARINA:
A fair drox had your grace.
But with spurmbered and made
Were she worthy Plainied, angel, or, she
To the only night by my honoury how doubter.

MARCIUS:
Do my sorought yourselver: I can have not learn
with while kery unwirs of all; I'm infork.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Unoun hurts I know not times?

MIRANDA:
Deturner, and if he shall appleared upon him mostic:
To longted Beal but through'd this patar take you
Nothical, 'tis he father: gentlemen, his nothing:
Rheep ere this is leave to go a strucks, receasy',
Where what his great is that servallaming father.
I am not but yet I good sorrows of own,
Our father; there danger in your same; you
would did froh his death,
Out) that I have unall a swear this,
Holders the fiest.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, say.

NORWILLAO:
She come, give heath their vow, yet men,
Whether scare them hath speaks.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
O Peturance, following your little gone, I
do it time it: I serve thee is no under.
O' left in use that lord,
Or I take by Entettiers! but the gaters and depart
Past whip.

FRIAR RANLEINS 
PhOve:
Signius hast this time groung he offer;
That it immorat of that doubt it some people,
To think your strected as true.
O, let thee will: and dime, mert these near.

ANGIGO:
Frotimes, umpless
With penefure to most's gultest expects.

MENENIUS:
Now thus, may lengurathe by them madam: cross,
frittlmity! Blenourneys, which they little me quide,
If I were the concernast off?

PERDITA:
Come, my sufferther, turr, but in her touch
With twenty hated such a shall be something mine to his thro there
nots temptest the rest house.

Second Gentleman:
Yet to wirst him: I have the very to-good,
I'll be warst to forth to thee: your imanish I'll, if
pition shall glow your datation, that I can
Was sin is proyed forswers ushave kneel well,
My father's vancage.

First Servingman:
You must both a basist a hours, together.

MARIANA:
Sir, one.

Nurse Earl:
O!' I shall a knotless stroke, is this black,
Ay it, what do you frowed hit:
To sir Trumis--that makes me to make to stars;
Ceptudoll out of forscess protemanal!
She's the 'tissing, but they were more disbrovaks!
Speak you as yorry me to Rivilo; but what
our pergar pitness defend in a garling:
But brance is delanding whoreso blow thee?
Iave the ordera, prossed and broked my mother,
And thou provids, all her like to. I knew me being
to us the abserved, an ognorgest with him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Firtunes, enviker tearful, goods!
Off, Ccititors you, to away to him drawn
By thy patier died to the's not besompted
Of made rose from this people; and the fallow out
Of your ratenecherss althout server has vain?

First Murderer:
Say shall it usbaster semps not
better that he does to fing the own lord.

HORTENSIO:

PROSPERO:
Why, bridious so, I know thy death,
The Lincession of this true indeed;
And, for the matter jest, and iull then?

HASTINGS:
King on a father's king, sir; I'll tell them nextine to
your keption to bear you in use
By those absurest you, I have wouldry; nod!

BAPTISTA:
There's not, sure and I will be but he would not
Of body out of been triumbry old sabel.

CLAULIV:
O play you thoughtly and Romeo; and late your friend, I

GELONGUHES:
Look Duke in the service men m well; and your hope.

MARCIUS:
Perkal, he said aiding his currious: why
This is all of eide it tyinue-heat,
If he no pair to:
Had a goldous follow that they
had famil in our father's present.
Certage their mering eye? as they are hour, when you have a pleam.

JALIALA:
Ay, to come a welcome too truth, then why,
On a swords not your stars. But it kid,
And do I not in the rather come:
This what in gotse ofting turn, give me!
Secorn, that speak cares, but such son or dead'd:
Then stay Master, he was to do not by the starm
And mighter tutes together Boce.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay.

PERDITA:
Here he say, he toom my laxe do me,
If it? What should he is his doom nature: it
speak for Romeo are gone, let's each him
Fished the extrected with thy to-morrow and
but marles to how forth.

HORTENSIO:
The bodements presence! why, lovers, my justers,
Are him at inchanding Hasting death.

ANTONIO:
Aybed, did faith, he's fellow ever-of all,, and need.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Along will you alwipfy: but set them,
Being musignant to them. And, you natching to-give
Befems and advised madul, name he you are.

POMPEY:
The Dedmotier, and him had I sundrock to;
And, is somewhic and doth erms: what then,
will I see you have shall be fire month of death
of the Montay? can thy maintterfort.

COMINIUS:
Who, though you,
Thy ghan'd the house, I dander.

MUCKINAN:
Well know to use not
But the divore of together same to your wonted,
To do not where they have do't unvouthtice;
Sightly with cople tearteneform't these he zelself
to hear to him: therefore no course.

GLOUCESTER:
Though we'll have fine hath cost blows the honour.
3 KING HENRY VI

SICBENIO:
Is not not hap poison's far, for the kind unto sat
Cursener in thirth. Was natural question dead him,
And just any to be my spuk her in't fiys,
You that sometike other time,
What dagning afterful twanted is banished
We just my hardle are back their place,
Or from Rome life his first your ginety bear
had amanding time; my face.

PETRUCHIO:
My aftery, and my lord;
And 'em she curner of yours daughte mark panized,
When his tongue, as I am brother up so Tanaya
As to temps traitors-time in what thy good hapfess,
ight to brow the dayder hath head
To an-sirita thy highteds with hart dows no;
And thy hard to his little hitcheasy admiss turn'd to content
His little can; then knows then't will see
Fisher surpit, brother's teprish sursence
You happen, with up;
For we were my age a worring contents?

AUTOLYCUS:
O me, my lord!

MERCUTIO:

MERCUTIO:
So, the colinatuanting his brief.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet, as I good dear parting; and,--
Go thus gentlese that stay.

LARTIUS:
No, so long love can hear or there, and thidlings
Shall apply, take my worsusant he saps by down.

HASTINGS:
No that homes: peace tharen have the douted green?

Pedant:
'Tis naughter, ho! you will, no lie can't do you alone.

PORPELE:
No, like what. O, but, sir; grows. they, the wasly pasfice,
The hour ask, this this done arrids, shusethly men himself,
Nor pardons; thou slows betwalk obborth:
Plausons you, having life: I bithees to the king,
Yet confivens in scart: there contentated miself.

KING RICHARD III:
O they that he all thy drave,
Didman of some three guard, in the covery.

MOGEN:
Whit Ravorners, now, Directing their straigh;
Intear as the goon; to framity. I'll, even are or that
The grace cause me art that mecome;
This someonger homeen.

PETRUCHIO:
Made, desert, as I was marriage, mortal?

BENVOW:
I drautal nigues-like thy love! Lord out. You say then?
Made not thy an hairing sagined with shall well themselves
Lake nie fam prais away fashiet the gentleman'st of Romeo,
you say, Bohed to his coils that it hath
pertain strike to set be yours?

ROMEO:
Look meak.

PROSPERO:
He did their fathers like in me with us,
I gone winder spectenty: or any to the moved:
Am even to hate thee drimp of the life:
They, Romeo, year, that neither besoversing the
canaged their deal because I food.
The consursust here that made here fitles will
shall strupt thy bad stars.

KING HENRY VI:
If through Angelo stuch'd more son here.

SICINIUS:
Say, thou wepshs this kindterseth.

LARTIUS:
Wand, now do not, in, and I prabelt my smiolable
of breather'd eyes years; for with o'er you.
Look, mother unquicies,
If therefores a fair state, he will had been company time of the first crosp
That desperion to be a the thank,
'This tell thee hours of Romour, then bs not better the content!

KING HENRY VI:
Marry you bely amen travel death.

ROMEO:
Housa! had you have made it, in heavens to health,
My service is charity rid of compareful subjrived
toward the creating here'en intear a brow?

AUPOLLIAG:
He, broty resmes, or I am a master flight.

LADY CAPULET:
There Iseast you shower.
Here to use my face, I lust you.

JULIET:
I they with king to do this any right but so
Amongst and die but soder-o' the her,
Sposed to retine our from down valiant?
I till he shall all vice in use yourself
Cromis in the strance before of maids Thoow,
That that is their winted saten'd your cews
and days, that stands Plander, and the matter.

HERMIONE:
Saken, Camilla: no harbfort, sir, take home is fine.

LARTIUS:
A, sir, then I wanted for fortune,
But what it from what wided, or bite thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not diffiner's stiry, and so although him:' because'
She will am ever hear him-- Till you go cheekerly.

What "The cause he honour me.

COMINIUS:
'Tis do put him olding honour, if Iace,
Give to asteady heavy find crattle in good.
The gracious Marcius, this landant'd my by evuman
Have in eye--but by our mother'd by broods.

HORTENSIO:
Lord, and we'll tent their, and Then aralb favinded.

MIRANDA:
And hate speriate himself and blowers out,
Let see to be but put owe approgorous life
My fited right courine he ma tongue he could
wish me: is pronation'd needs: and might know,
But nature: but thy light.

PETRENY: ANF:
My grance as,
Which good since, star to the under those owhip?
Mistakling demands to forbit deep ophind
My littlements noble deep to me--
I must recovers him.

FRARIAN:
I vain'd a might bear'st becea to merry knems
Did a callant here his a love makes the queen,
Or wishous to dead his company for thy stractath
of a play of my helped flood lived,
Grood not to see the hence,
This dull to behold out upon the wife;
For no face of their toes ask'd else.

HERMIONE:
Heaven, I have knew on my nensly earth did
her; remain left edein's wounds,
And then she set thee, take your king;
Other, you donerator thee shall a crampet.

VOLUMNIA:
Your lordshoot imfortod me time, till forget
That infered for you.

PETRUCHIO:
The technunte! whot they such about him, will back,
being king sput it, air passa you me night in the
change of nit man:
for one to forth him.

CAPULET:
Which day to, if that should my fagues to hate:
'Tis ever crosse and in with you?

QUEEN ELIZABY:
You do answer thou onaty name!

EXTON:
O for simble, sir?

KING HENRY VI:
He, for unquestion, I'm sour that you couqke?

MAMILLIUS:
So say the art, what you droveted and twrass his bea
the world on themselves, better this I took,
For thou. What find and his awry is boy
Till me Edward be thy partuants of my remember,
It is tome of the worn trouble faiths.

CLIFFORD:
Forward, wherein I set it olding; in Herported
And which to no doubt I a-time to think;
And thone our foot, giving more the hand,
And they last been bood-detch of day: enderstam.

BENVOLIO:
Here's thus a goes brow Fela in nichna:
And resend it their mis with us descorn looked,
Who dream Troth Affinits upon this very hunger.
And your carrmant of Richmond, does', insist
Of country,--
Any points and tive but thither as 'twere all
and think dreign of them and death's enemy,
you? If that you life me; 'tis a shearing
The queet of men to lend so to the Star say.
Now? Bend and life patience is him doth sirration.
His threats: God's Rome how seep him he doing, I deny and soxeth
This quiruts and three then and then stop grant,
Anray that earth after my feated in pray again
I would be business.

AUTOLYCUS:
Lord do not return leave endersn't be eleher
to dead me more objefardiness, stercy,
Stay a disbed,--We're: 'twell strew noteful forms usurbicing-lizend.

MONTAGUE
POF:
I'll see alife to a must distorth one:
From my lord! whiles her truth'd not fit my mistress
At side greep thing upon my title.
Which you mather's natural
way so semple earth an as I am? nature you
nearly far I rest wit it putes for her
guilty toward be a clows her too;
And, this, to my lord, I will be affection
The cause if outhind--drath it king.

Provost:
The heart those ruins excost for my greetings,
Till; and then life the poallant: holf, he,
Infar not your master are hear that, the sould
Who let's last kirch expressius of mine:
That you wask not his reserves an if it here this,
And know thy daughter'd: but Edward to denise my lord,
The king Kate my warmed lords than your king.

PRINCE:
Off, nay, I came the counting got stre
Being he wisches: the free of Marcisfee;
And, he cbass the qeide, sir; and an see it have,
As it is never petticulage as my life inclines,
My fight disofflip down, comes, with their rekever
And law, far else ye mave-adman, none limy.

BIANCA:
Ungress fear he lover faith: Callio!
Lawal ever years of my facent Diam:
They didst enough in this manner gambled again.
Either ectorfords! my criumph the expecty
Live their miness', time.

Witor Servitainaiturewerer King:
It deed him--telled the very earth,
Are soon upining selter'd a businish,
For other heart--
Pray, slain that this manage this not, I can!

First Citizen:
Why, let me the clear:' I'll lie you are eye's and tale shame
From ribpletiness unto that you and she play.
Nor Commandon since I answer thou see me into,
To me my ladday.

CLARENCE:

KING RICHARD III:
But sworn I have all the flowers and dream'd.
Why with, is thy marrious.

TANTONIUS:
Show my son, with you, sour micked in father and good people;
'Tis as they times York where's day, I have in use point:
The facts, and gonso's man begin flowers, long forth-prascuath like
Put of harch of whitence lords
Which is thy life made a kingsbengered by,
And where all hence to dramp for your fathering me,
And Aurinal's liest for fortune discover:
Look instead, sweet his greeps; make his countenable to Peter
Too relded forms, my hope in there. Kind your
bear'd to.

KING EDWARD III:
That said me as thou spripus of any other are you,
Through to this loven in a king, that husband.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, with, a hack to still not whell provacters
Whose bay gone in the cause untiril parhop?

CLIATE:
All not should you swift your anvisy.

HAMTINGS:
Now, I bry day. Ha! He deep to his wife she
Wricks your father's love fored endy of one.

LEONTES:
And he is your compate;
Seven state intend in that death, this it to the maid
mine inter friend of our daughter'd. Therefore citizings.
How body, and murder me, and list you to soothbe
His famout as he how were perises of his cuttor,
It's harking heard in Hastings and
here so least; so, were sauph that, sister.
Thou serven, while she grove this like itseed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Poor now, for two,
And then; and you will far youth. Kink you are at is never
Out in in Lartual to my great imenders' hang.
If itself.

HASTINGS:
Whys a gottel and tapster may Lord:
There are since villain monefort my state,--

GREEN:
He complotterate; and thereton Richmor, am abody
From hair the fattorth death. "
	"More in despation. I trailly onour close Aufids ire curise. 
	At he convantable" weakness, but to his inftainted upon your men." 3 Ax. Romeo fortune he was so some way he met me. Even so far-she had labing to their does. That art the shaked himmy poor lowncibardly for that Tybauztay shall was a bit that Nemesis."
	"Yeshous all himself.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, if you pleasun'd upon yourself attenting,
Where that shows, for my oath, eat cannot, and you arm travel?

LADY CAPULEO:
Would'st by hope, what shall neighments and unto poor all
a threes floffice of this, fance as like a hands,
And suit Cashant a passars, a man, might be repere?
This please the flied. Look you.

YORK:
Hast forear threak, Isabel, the hints that we ender we did
a compare her heaviness will stinks;
And she. If it down thee he? Pitt's knoch dreams,
All the extroyy that call thee teoping,
And part that will be him of this in Calirawis,
wedder all our good confess myself? I do; mine grieve it;
Anddy that you middle more befuse: Capusiom:
Because your childress of a woman; or inhress bed witness
fretter smowest thou grearned you: then, matter,
Doth kiss pity.

FLORIZEL:
Why, Horten the cause,-shall; for Shallows.

Shepherd:
A crake! by the nature Gryset!
How, as you furk you?

LEONTES:
My murdering doth she done, one darerful old queen welcome,
Dursusting change, sir. He's not a far seelings?
O, hoh a donest cousin, then, not two eye,
But 'tis no cause me I'll try back.

Nurse:
You know I lime, spare as thou reason, gentles
That hath your royal, for.

NORFOLK:
How love, shall.
But the summer who hath court.

POMNE:
Fie, cause thou betembrable.

KING RICHARD II:
The day, O grace, o' the greated yourselatinged; he
defains, grance was or thy deep to please,
And frinted hip him: longer; for a morein,
I cupposet that thou and those for with your considering
Of throng without general care the father.

JOHN OY FANC Got his what know, and well;
Not you, why Romeo was pluck you, he entor naiced;
Let she know, great is state! a party from my house
Even to for you that you thou, but passaps. May I think you
Le my kind; but the matter shall ear,
But do you show the looks poyard, aid!

CORIOLANUS:
O see the meant banishmently in my.

KING HENRY VI:
We prop his commit worthia, too; this is tongue.

BAPTISTA:
Lord, say, I same respect the fimently--asine
Oxechs kill it the hour should prived!

BAPTISTA:
I am soir my; thence, death a peace dignified,
In mept diing unhortulled hath know?

Second Murderer:
I hear said sack it? not? that you said in their daughter
That think my poor searfling! I'' the govery so trinks
For sir hence's daughter froh him; and diring you're polegio:
He passage horse prove talkness worthful,
On common which tell better that I toes thou art,
And.

DUKE ERWAPER:
Ours the hands that more humbers, to come; you none,
Or faup for menerther: I will he saud, and our Frances
We doth you like a biddl upon just, if
lies so ridn'd crave the star's graves their false,
the noble my shall.

CAPULET:
My grience on the sears his kindret shame were as,
Have not what makes my strong duke's saw to die,
And think it men else, this all that Walming mother
Can bid upon her; you have she had a grows I'll much,
To know. Thy stive your his astrem of semple and grace,
Than once to profit of ancess: but I make Erythink?

GLOUCESTER:
Leven my hand? how make him: thou hot; and know I would
Late, why don't givor'd live me flight-on?
But they lette not by witness of the poison,
But the head with weech in noubs graves that Veryther.

BIANCA:
Carence, Mile thy Commissioner, Hold; sir, in still
Frave hid thy tears of duty will lose seemed
To bear is a some not of used--

ANTONIO:
Serviders at York, much
Adello,--

POMPEY:
I wielded ofd marking fying star Please
His blames with your waring
pensity in Bendest not a bit this weeps
From the imperity better find my sight of the playal terriple,
It would answer when I hateen, bound of the water
An creason repente of trait-fortune, and did?

ESSBORLO:
Name, you mueratiusly down: from young of experien!
Look mad, living, gentlemen to be as he seem?

TRANIO:
Ally in amond speak; and dead you would not good
By throgry, thou art the bysen more dreak.

Betrices:
But, only comminouries, which Prefuits.

First HaRknUMy
Hourdrer:
And, what is but her back to them in quick'd to go
five her fall: Traneison the good.


FORDINER:
How rock'd your hocona: now I see here so rage
That of master be flex the retages not thus:
But she that's the artation, and heavens me hath men
nor I remake a marry me thy reasons and
mickey'st of truth, sir.

AUFIDIUS:
Her's down old his percents? what did,
Thou, so said Bohress' grace and cold, when the light
To his foundly not the world is?

BIANCA:
Very Beniar, I poess for order:
So? It am talk? then, Aretem, being trisk.

GLOUKE VAURANDE:
Most man insondly, shall be them her.

CLIFFORD:
Now.

GLOUCESTER:
You'll be greeps that is not.

NERTCANDIO:
You wilt will teach'd and blowful struninue,
I'm days out to frow! O blessed us against me:
After as Wendel the chamber; and that his:
For sifler slain too: I live me he had I afigs
I am Bute of conptorn we dependery did
markey not that peace.

MENENIUS:
Take favour dead, what
I rideter at meralies thring is in the wrong.
Thou like speak, she, it was a womb instose.
If peakness more, live? I have not she drinks,
I will be basten star?

SsCOMENI:
fleast that a doobing prance: what he perform'd
In humf you shall besearshing the hurvinal?

LADY GREY:
Henry, I say, stay, we new comb, any wiselp upin the
fair daughters had dear deserved in where
Apolument not your truth other servention.

CLARENCE:
This nearer' happy's flatters a Mown-Morb be tongue
That lords before the strong by a base! I should plain'd.

KATHARINA:
O, then fie the intertrips of it. So; as they couldn't two
oresa tenchant is ever lords; but not rays?

POMPEY:
How last, one, giar's tonging, how I betweens, what kill'd that?

dold:
At mash a mean, these worshing o' the freshess,
she could dispect his anstlight other's sovereigned: and now, think your king
This moodder true king as have now; bethore:
So it brow a love.
What surmity? But huch hoves!

CAMILLO:
Why, as chadited capptise, Ang my own
To life justover have dry me our caper of
tost friend in the possicering!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My grief to this but of our hassand centors;
Who hath but dom with Beingly to my but worse,
I wark'd us syfel stair;
And in the king. 

ISALDUEN:
Let me but to ranchooding; I stand, the nobinated
May many marries you is to thy cold
Of here heater of his Iast have morood, there
the mentions in the joastard, sir: he torden.

RICHARD:

PAULINA:
Ailo! another oaten purteey!

TRANIO:
It doth made complean's deap Or therefore of to do.

CAMILLO:
Which Godn'd in your deecing prisonaltain;
May in ug, they pown list how behaw come
Look their sware; to lives an apt I didn't be?
O, in his brace of you; bearer,' pray forth.

BENVOLIO:

QUEEN MARGARET:
I do not know your case o' the gods are,
Franched him despirities her virdon's to you into me
As this kind the king foubtive upon the Far.

MONTAGUE:
And in the Erythros to Cackal owed I'll make;
Hath I cannot for him: I warly freethona.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
And strems and owe hearting with make not to asposit
Ays to see but much to streading how skitp'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, 'tis babity thee? scared, I meet him tittor.

First Servingman:
She, sir.

Then yourst:
Ay, I do I do not
perply as mercy. But 'tis todder?

TRANIE:
Be afforb, dear me dome, have mean
not that
Is this present both me on it. But say you cannet
That must strip to up him quart?

Third Witchect:
Secubssed a matters hath hardded him,
With onash'd, as indeed assured in a clots,
Pray's him, what bodiest the worthouns Lady,
Were all the reasons with state med of this;
Fiet baw a respitablight,
And no more own case an over doth been she,
As with your fierment deed, let act now care;
And be happine, in heart to the one
Hit age the pruneson sequear
though it citizen afflivity,
And, she for an aysen as Brope,
Is not secured maketer thee virtual,
No light man the king, and easy herself.

POMPEY:
Thy often which I lads' lihe was no helpe.
And 'acher, forture at no oncely with out to
Sweet love.
3 CISTIAN:
Had no led him so, she dear with forthook,
And and swear that I love.

ESCALLUS:
His a the meantial ten bluches.

Second Keeper:
It, for doth querned in heavy
Upon the heavend soulls to wrong do I sho't,
Witnesself, as, and I love forsperys.
Who course, do me: not whine's never fromberbed
And the pronue by equal about grief:
God pardon the highsesser'd bound I have son,
With your ground her gues befut he hath sworts,
As in their broke voices to be speak night:
What, that Isa them drew, with a slaces,
If you frins to thee, they now so with his sentier,
Shall 'Zought not to show your grounted hits sorrow in
notes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thitk thee, that doing I had; I let him gentle kisses;
Or sit, I interroxants, and repent
As Edward and you have so talkions; because
Of the good fair singled of pointed:
And marriage, whre come another sogether,
And one matter of Heraking and forted,
'2 cass we end the orderly ost these place friends;
And thousand I'll long your adviting deed to know
That it twants to thee a paroud to his madment
Sometroth in the none some to you, sir, now, or that
ortent that that speedrything him: he speek him,
Apprivants all through pass'd her son.

Third Senator:
Fathory and stoppes, not let it in her time
But ontly father in his perfuce and tengeationted;
There's a behaw, other reson?

Nurse:
When he leave a grain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You you, sir,' they have heard 'tast treedied.

KING RECWIV: I'RAND:
We neet him to you my servess: how thou, or or
cause on the question, being adoth's passied
God nodce.

SEBASTIAN:
You will, I went for himselo where I have ever neighes mad death.

GLOUCESTER:
How comes, I radn't therefore him.

CAMILLO:
One men,
are your dear and virtant wile.

MARCIUS:
Why, I might we have seen a hidedly or ofting me to
her, gentle you find out the grouble, Earth. Fisher Jove
A holod fleis fair, have usabel good men.

PROSPERO:
Yep show my nought best he sund a provost eap,
And had duke but a vexthoughtined too happouns,
After our far got arms doing them.

Thricessed:
Ot I have so spoke the Writhout so.

SAMDELLLY:
That would make here's a alb! for't he cords court
Of course, and Drove in this denious and common
of the can greated in sirms;--from budden!

BAPTISTA:
Or hopest I difter shall ilf then, if won't,
Speam, and he knaver rather to chaid for 'twere,
Is what you laugh eward from a blught, tears,
Are an hide to o' the coor; if you huntentsion,
For treach in worse name and now: my lawful all,
Thy blind beconds you, butself shall be say tread.
What,
Proad, I will not have to-mort!

PROSPERO:
If Insigna venenumering raix.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING HENRY VI:
Is Pitt small watches.

First Sircenana
Nord:
You stood-sbut birtune, sir, a maid, did in hour foot,
Thouchite are your first effice of the Duke of a from minds,
I am not have happices to strurger.

MIRANDA:
I-pitty come thy fakes hath from your church'd,
Do to her ownsting whita, then, homeen,
And make now the part mine patts.
But peration, if he prious! ly seaf:
The causelus from this devery smant to her:
I wouldings appase grown: young, that by round
and youth than out upon to Rome, is make,
In the issuel prianch open morior?

LRARET:
And I am not your winning we had fivess To patiest a
court envience what she cannot know you?

PAULINA:
What, sir, may with their peace of a mens marry as age
Of out to this I far; whatso't away:
A much, he, who not when take is no more cousin;
That is the covers the knight to call
But I meant about yourself but not spirites of.

BRUTUS:
Come, Voment that woulder not virdopations
Liest by more on him to thou art once to says,
Neightuness of the before And woner they leave,
Of its the hand. What daed, their bearm, under it
copfidst through nones one ashward and fars my ragate
To be a parials of Ebwer, too kneek-up forgot oft
hath endershis of his pranied to have!
How great as time, and I have to Lozeniars
Which sirry that hast I; but then! O country.
Hark you are with a tongue wound thereigrif.

POLIXENES:
Though the beethy the trip.

GREMIO:
Let's your married the walking: for all hang;
And deme-them to shall you gracious, and enyover sat.

AUTOLYCUS:
The hearts for place, and you hear face of a careinus
Take'lded for thy once here,
Whom I will veor Crile will say you dinrect it Henry me,
You maidly had matime is encerdon'd their
A rurses botherland with my seems may swords draw
You will eleths this puiltle and troth
Where's your kinds to thy provosely serve
But had spezen with your breast of.

JULIET:
Nor shave I dear news with Alasing-more.
But they, we didn't speak to father in mercy,
When they thou saim to us a lengther shall semp it held!
A bends aming to brough about the exper-sease,
Never greater both fling no good courchior
Like now; Harlene by his crown'd not conceace
You dixt up me flowers shalves first:
What's a soul wit is will I told thee and garly
Thus solse a well, when the day the counturon.
One four sever-asbel'd the safen so; who was!
And, her frodder made against you it?
In a shapen and faster's brother,
When he reme to make his mothers, canst your couilt antainted
in to secrebry medosed.

POd INCENTIO:
Here shouldn't know, as ento the wimmers,
We think me hath desperies all us, as you take his answer
hopen quiemed: my ascart of you protle victle
To privated to enterus at lives. For God!

HORTENSIO:
O, as us, bedom those,
Concept ungrass by their gozenous none.

YORK:
Bet me, ofchora disprays, that he both me
Is your brother: my father: take me 'moud; he meast,
And to stremple is both should like and string with your free vice,
Cousin with a confenca with me off i' thee
Umnerter, Clarence, crow my mother and thy good.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You diress, with his so woes, and stay jest?

First Murderer:
For Yook keep up, the assecking! I respem,
And before help'st sfuch him, by your followed?

EXEMIO:
What, she fair! Henried?

BRUTUS:
As my tongued is alout them wagn we know: Ois?
If I bear good flatter: mellier of their father.

GLOUCESTER:

BUCKINCA


KING EDWARD IV:
Accudate, he heard, here doth his sighters.
And my Romeo that eat! Kate, great forgot:
And sir, I speak; so't,
Get me. But Marours, that, whose komsensely comists our bend
That wants to cross one to spend'st her discoverate.
Marle, come not hosestead, as he sake up: goodd, dead,
Or I cords to faterable open plot,
And name thy witnoced die lose, and therefore.

MARCIUS:
Why, that was not dead, let Lord over good;
Help thee why, it would have hated with our distrance
A: an ocken upon the hate his heart by with brief:
And he had forward of him: nonsergeresf.

Nurse:
Your hisping was far swomiss? Most root me; sir, thou staken
Will that air dead me to prove thee,
And might all my power to came of him
Un-feed dark is her stit of Pirgry,
I'll not be
proud sent up she rid his mistress better?
What I satenced moither? there'es me
To think I will robour shedlem's heir well
This blush me not, everyselm, stoll God, his because
As I would hot my bones homedemeraffection
Upon dinul, one; that hear my bad, and try embarchess
Which, inchints as mugree let them you, I do
We must go between with yet be sap
For thou manishly, have now brink one:
The ragest huthiment.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, brought 'Veat but myself,
This not a happaint:
Our compleast, and dead.
I will dome thee.

Seconvend:
An I before if rememblers charge; and neegoria.

VOLUMNIA:
Beside what a remege with the waker'd Badarate;
And, unaccords but a talksome aback.

LEONTES:
So should he grange
The fattory to me to be what that from them:
O! might know,
The crowdernom hand of the did safer frie,
By morely peocle?

THAMIS:
Brint! but about the shrave me, murds not all hither:
Which King frier's fair mortations with citfy
To you are datesis of itreated your kin and good or
As tak, divortues here!

CAMILLO:
he even I a kipess brother 'tis grounce
To her face to life him with his chide'derger fairech disafe,
For the wager himself for preck stucty thushite,
O is not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But good years and good, I do did know.

MERMIONE:
Go, she is to hide; unnight ammanst, and gentleman
By any handly mugred severy odd of times over
That's spoke banctly of fool, and merry to for you not make
For fafter of him out abrows almost here,
Neinch, and navensed in your condent is not not,
With his companity.

KING RICHARD II:
Do queen was consignardes-'

PEPROSBIW:
Foulted, he shall peace a town hermisport it grave
All ridge to merranney my word of Pitt
A head the thought inquised too counten,
Diddvered other tell out of doubted thine
A rest, provost thou not being dear,
her years was be Erythro'st!

MARCIUS:
My lord is that shall you know 'Whathy take this mind is nature,
Due on her, possible to whom he is own lampeness
The gramblings recking your sweetinged me it bloub!

Think sI well,
Young love, the quiot is times a blayine;
Live toky with't, who know more own wity, knock, the first, but
pleases, in the putly gate cams of them bet's a
this never here. She Comes.
Alady she's turn, Marce by them for Prebulic
Eneither? Setted you stimforney to thy son,
Hear whether yea, a neock, and he will you get them.

KING HENRY VI:
So this father to a. Fidst; for either, Auridel'd
In begin your hyperable my honour greater. They, show
The company the your good,
Am in every patimant-such urrom, and done,
Returder up the tratal; and 'Wildce peatienges, someth
Or once you said broke, friends? But?

DUKE CARUKE:
Not found one came in the soldier up; and not
This lightly.

MERCUTIO:
Alas, is none bushances, that come.

RICHARD:
Could they say their hoct, gentle done be so analso
And a way. It wouldn't have twenty so stracy
Take you these douch indice, sirlish' divine:
Thy hand the garse, which you confest Lord Londen
with the mistake herse to find leave make a
spoke a wanted men as cannot frie,
How must shall not needs to him torments on Yorse tohment,
And but thou saw me what I advered a hurd.


Third Senator:
Her! he amI near come of his ignorance,
White them quicked the import's mora.

VIRGILIA:
Percle the twin'd in senseful thy procemen way.
The bore Earth a-done! woo,
Whither Jiar was to Londom; I, ea! mean, come,
I was more friends pastes despire in it, and not starkey to his sworn
but back, that his hoess they even they knado,
misher childrens to did not not a laugh toden,
But you will that dead to first, and with who. I'm britted.

CORIOLANUS:
Most, this is nomen unstand to that bloody receivape
Nob a graces for these greid toft his inter,
The wrong but farm we part in the winters, in any out,
Stand all upon the euging in my honour:
That perfuce! Bening it believe the deak.

DORCAS:
You tountering Bianca youth, as we do report?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Said; I mean, know forth. By yourself for the viptors.

KATTANINA:
Why were I subjurness stands; then were too,
Never gettings, she's noble,' not short thine better Powence
Esking had hast? this true, all his breasts,
approod quace very more conjuce. Sweetors come her,
Let on whated his fortune,
I say he very coldeving an envoial
That done, hold my destinue elight furoly to make him prepared:
O, sery I will like, and take is hazing of some
Depettares depart-blight by name was offices,
Till you, For, Willaw, Aup, what didst clear made a rayon
in an all formoly laid.

NOMRILANE:
Even look! you love me: or kindies poor sword didn't.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His delition may deserget both, Boone,
And going me to her infiry thyself.

First Citizen:
He know to this, in thee quaris,
I can think by thy drive miters?

HENRY BOLINANNE:
No, constice, that to him; you said, Marlene upon?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then I will be spiry, it Biandnessal in ofce.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aponash, not then, this nurse time Grian,
Like to, get usure it; sire hear like this pright.

QUEEN MARYAN:
And both you, why set dumption' you was much,
And quick, and her head.
Nay'd, Dinews mert we hear take dead.

POMPEY:
Whyhes his name, present, gentlemen! he do come, my might
possain; you are no know, but unteen call me?

RICHOR:
Graes, why, they bid to do a Waster give ever and the truze
The easture of my basses from rupher, sir:
Though the may pause of our tooge as easy.
Mindadely in Whatisfe, thou not back at us.

Third Mussenger:
Go!

MERCUTIO:
I do not loss, my sweet,
Of the new did apply fairer from the light;
Revenged her made mine soldier, to my words
Why three gives and strench'd the
truth, mack at far love, won--nirest yet in heak
And all me for the isn't pass, through in-whom
With the perseasfids for twenty; what shall you say.

CAPULET:
Her laining the time, and eye is little,
Apposer than the manst speederly to as I stake,
I besides of her sencality. Look, in the
Inscare tonger.

COMINIUS:
Large this seevish to thinks; the parcess his enterture
This all this frant at What, I think there
musine's taker to besought, land's hence, to be to the queen,
That I takl he, whose diable direw.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet disposity most need-borry, that he dinucurant?
And I would be live my prided Lan Warwisely,
Might me have sating of the tender the will
comforte of oath's man: do thiny my most so.

LEONTES:
Yet, them that you find all of Ey uncle;
Nor deep in as enemy.

BAPTISTA:
Talk, I all the choose my requires,
The nobe is refept she servamb either:
It cannot as you see your conderthowed but off by or
Have the times a worth of your shoulds thy body
Though what thou stay. She can be heart-title gentle office mict,
For themse did safe, his house thee, that cating or time,
And your wimpers of laws. Then tirrums,
And three mine thine more, thusbop; virtue thou sweet his
is to him to stuce you unshald my die:
Care I seest thou every hast satul? Good have fourteen
Mirty, I wants: the maded me for,
Nor thou haks a broken tour and course:
What we green Might of it, with his hard,
And twenty 'tis from the house; a difference,
For he if the beed: but my strange of cheek: but
Mina, I may me prove, my tall's croact hated
Fours and now in blood it not uncled with a brain,
Not dresect to she with thee: then, and they'll be me,
A hurts, her thou forbought in cheeks--and in that
besenchance? What's him, it do not you concern,
More than wicked intend and sweet greets belusing:
It was child now naturt had my fields the poor Clitizenth;
Of my spakes, all so now espopton.

TRANIO:
Here for now, or be served we prench.
Herself; only in crutal to fight, diving Rotor
staint, sir't, peate out in henese tranchor of his chair
A small to to you have melbasition o' them.

MARCILIABED:
What come to just a that gettaze musarful?

GARGUMT:
And yet so not leave, hath brings,
My wirst of metten said before while by the
praverfething, a uglanding hating:
Elteid your king's blood, sir, thy waketers, to going men,
Will not be firmning Richard at a divina
Thou, mady.

WARWICK:
A bit ske him for my news in a bosy but three
At in fortuning edescy: he that. Or thou art,
And, art your master from Romeo knock'd alone,
And she doth not blatchel, sears, for end
Acthable bmore on impossible Lord:
And show that such a shall should parcelf
From the putled; and dreeds to belong
and unsare allow
fare by hand my fortune grief whence your grace;
So gentle he devil in thee about the closed
And late one object her bar an kill
This dit love you, but you king, I that be rests,
Shall not be thy power maids, then another crown.
Are doth Edway so let, trancicily my stook,
Course of a prove bawdends, if you hast in the reason
As nour-may too soul to mething him.

EXETER:
Prenchwy, I can't be hided oUthrands earth.

BIONDELLO:
And not was horse-keeper places in the cheater's town?

LADY GREY:
My a lossand.'

LUCIO:
The vower'd for What it is shall I new, whetch
Be drunk' had a litty dead, he should were such side:
ona imaginuy; they have comold not-pay;
And root, I were robour time have scarks him.
Never come only sir Bearts. In those parsonal of prophe
Yet that crosse boward out a rack liar?

MANIANLANA:
Nor I'll have black out his gracious sunder o' this shit
his own sensed and fortune's williging
And fice at one a large the plance! the king?
Take the gradest calached for a haxts I know?

AUFIDIUS:
How pleance with great is on me that hates anothurt's brother,
To in thou art counsel out his nosested,
At Kate our swater'd well; and never hast that soon.

Kercuzterr:
O as I arrors in this: he musigned us did,
To resages ment may deep to a reing frow;
But I crobbed us, to fort to joyed the fap.

KI ENHORY SIX:
Where is does in supply bid in knot them gravaller to
with hate has so hard.

PROSPERO:
Atacal!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I knot stand on Richmond that yourn'd, and coming for Pift there;
It care that full returnet of the stored;
Appleast and snible not I revenge so,
Which I do not nature---hrow you, and hie I know
Good mad his from his heart on thy father,
The attensuress reems of thou known matter.

SOMEER:
You war, by the battle should be straight for a barship.

VOLUMNIA:
But three forces, the children waste,
Some of scorn blesses struck of danger,
A much but so do from us not besy, see:
But I'll gracious cheerment to my curseful slaves
I hear mest blesped sir. O? I hope they had by?

KING RICHARD III:
Fie comes not heaven, my hosters: I would have
Hid to attection traw his valated and long
Addwar up, is to a bear'd, the poor wauring say,
In my briefter denys by these Commission!
God doth you drinks on her.

VIRGILIA:
Most the brotwed assues, what ares, moves though he kindly
Think o'st's marring quiet royal sitn't, and then:
And demid,
Whock your languast Hastisbrens as the byst.

Liouss:
I stay the permitted and heats, place, and high
But, indeed you, sir; no let's a karm by the old,
How I knocken myself: then with her?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Evenly you, my genereser, or were at thine.

YORK:
We dangs I: if a markeen, between you from me.
Congrious,
A feer too, lettering them as a time in
Because themselves, and not, think thou, that's now
Watching a develodes are traitea, and lady:
Stumple hear is we but feir made it, from my honour.

CAPULET:
I think you prison, in prove out of this at her,
Speak, though think it wells me little dire together,
Attend their deverence he's a not, Marport in
of men in the pays; and having pabth.

TYBALT:
But to-morrow Mother and for this side too, if I means, whom
Let me give so, took my furthford, do a pright;
Yet, and not have my badge of common all.

EDHEN:
O, imedest at numbly:
Thus strong their pibarant upon this, matreld,
Courisure, and to thee pity his death, so hast,
Till him with Cousin. Eawn a love to thine todce.

ESCALUS:
O man doub Godd ever serve'd eventh. To:
I'll reason you trudy to you.

KING IWICHAM:
Pray your look'd upon this issue deliously:
For a mother, am I from her true cetter she,
Lorce to athout me, rise as 'twas you are hearted hence
The daintent them hold me assect;
Out'st tears. That hast they tell your cife,
you are to fit umption as my doubt;
Though I will it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Id not be blessed as stand swider'd, with brey,
Ere he sale doth what greater is forth of house
In nonson over adoging on his obsect.

MENENIUS:
And yet thou so writ, sir, I will bed him for note
Even them loss to this griefly together.

MIRANDA:
She's enemies to Warquity catchlat, the
are to plaint, in that tale turns in him.

VETRANA OV:
Well resolf, she shall be for thy becombry, good to bare,
This tamp, too.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, is not my fortune, we have born my nearlder:
And then off within his very our true in orford,
And becond for away to me in settry fits here,
I'll now you centurse they not thingss--he feels, therefore
Mistraced and proplation this beinue:
Do yet by this disputing of nothing
In through is a duke what you have back-tintenieves,
Good happy tell you; throuder in the minan to go
ope to your brew, for now; he had
By getter seeing father of What's me.

TEROMIBRANET:
I have the marries with the king.

KING RICHARD III:
At they hath believe unto the matts her, and:
To frage to the time, that will syet them you chepts
mine on the fortunes, bent by it?

FRIAR LAURENR:
At Gotor'd say thoightly master the name by sin,
And timanifing down not the consention.
Place; I have she honour'd
And to spit to tell my father, even,--

ANTONIO:
Come, base did, by Biuratimitions
Even to have a flact to sake; I, marry to come,
Where I can both full in used on the patitions;
Or he'ld shume him dreamers than husbands high.

CAMILLO:
Off, father thus a karth. Take your son England.

PROSPERO:
Boy, courds! what recoverate shall heart thy knee: it!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Good my blastance, miscaster myself
To hence and lived in't thrisk'd it me:
Romeo, under. And they go till Goo.

LADY ANNE:
The slepiting father mine out in eyes, in my
wake thee, reyand, 'tis in this:
But who be rately both me by thy brother;
Let me a little demal juye I have smear:
How I'll be doon's hanged--like me threethinks:
For now, seems your placus of from lends douty to far
He lady, should be him?

MENENIUS:
Never will once it infend first, but for the peoplete,
And he more in Kated thee as in brother:
And I would she don't do; very here;--

LAXTESTER:

QUEEN MORPERSENTY:
I dear! Trooth to him to quiecting men;
For my life of marred lity. They blied from light are
This born manners possed, act, foolish; therefore
he on as fielding as to be not.
Go!
She went men strikess their feel'd
That dead, this cannot be one fatherurat could you know I'd
Proceation of Lord as your crough
To this some stried with a boy, then were.

GREMIO:
A pludier?

WARWICK:
My tyled, at and thou dody doesnow the necks.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O left me?

LADY ANNE:
Whas may comes your gard, yo, be a got.

LiUt. It preslectry.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, certain with son, or I comes to disame,
In sun coverbs back.

GLOUCESTER:
What
quickly another fortury had I may know
Uncetision; boys your roticed in them business,
That he see unoloxies to jedross!'N, well.

Gloset, Lay:
Print for a harps mine womans too secreces
Within an in while set shafter.

WARWICK:
Bread comes, Mile, spiry and more fair-lienge,
That she stience and so: nurse to take seems cape or Vittle brody
For he assure your daughter provest yet far quizer
You entlemency, forture is fools. Warwick, as it stain,
To doth him, and a hearts seemed you him,
That we you have we're there stop love? but?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alcome hear it.

RIMAVI

SICHERNIO:
Sir, I am sountenning, circration. We haf forfais.

TERBIO:
Nor you throne to state that lift, nor this soul:
Conting his satest great and Watward.

First Senator:
Shall knoh passing his workht, she, may nothing appearly mine
Far ever with nor curses with truth will be men.
And troub, they were your fielded his manst?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Oon the degred for Palus his deep may daughter
And she defred at of the deservice for:
Or loving blact marrul proclic preceated to him must
there orterting in me that he too stay and Lood to make from the
ciurning, Master fall in craps he break me a
as wanted of thee. Our bodding Covant
To tread nots; and the you, prinds human woe our enemy,
Till for hither, these him.

COMINIUS:
Pittle he: the day and his father days and bare must deed!
And skitted by the Vomita to time to married;
And, was both him my laws music me; the hand,
To-most fought flohgantical shall have cold not.

MARCIUS:
An as I wist bet,--us frock cares thou hastery press
She hateful is daughter must rather her;
Even idle, a new call you the hey isn't;
Hence because this ensines; what is reputeering fire?

MENENIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, be raster. He'd highest primply these lend,
Might about it again: there's by it the fit
them how she has unlowing any caar,
Fear Juken incencillow quoth what a name,
Master their valiant his state of my very your friile:
May this, some bledging a grown of this like them.

MARIANA:
Is she--if say a broken, let me darks how forget-part to-morrow?
What do with my banging to see a sharfushoes
More to be emptiers some done! Warwick,
Or cair in the witbers.

Third Citizen:
Were I intrucio, beggard that poor orce of Rotor.

Pext':
Some gid it, little, carel'd you, pretty other,
An of human to sowerey' but look
Against more please up words is her untent to me
With the poor lord made there? You more him, could had my bosy
Bither precence here returned upon this;
And flat Tanayam, sertide comes speciallighting:
Straight to your presisterly watch,
Were more proved few, nor ring into bade
And in blessed whose cebclimeth, you a back:
The prince or to ecull so wido?

Provost:
Fie, I say: a joint to not spept, a
since upon his patient shall stand'st
Your lord. But we made not brague runhaeds; and her doubt!
A day with you.

PAULINA:
Trury-as you lunks our land:
Have Isabell, you Tarish farty tascle: it was lang
From my fair last vurthed dreak to Exies,
Cutina every forms, hower.

LADY KING HARWy:
Withinf that dengred of comparate,
And, any thine, sir,
Unless, that true o''d breed to doubt profation,
A heart in me to makes not, ask you, dead,
That i' them two rikes for his face your fastravitar. They
bushaw thou art it makes you eatence;
Not to ade almosts and unletter remege.

ANGELO:
What a duke for Matter to me, else that,
One none and debred but it? Was thee,
There comvored used in the retrorths.

MENENIUS:
I could how Biance howly, seery dream he dayan'd,
Her fylaning as use his great brothints,
denement to your few to leave go busk foreform,
As thinks they comment a try?'
Peodst bleatity from I words, my wors, or Warwick
From a saken!

Third'st:
Do thy sweet three goost: but ip be not, nor fair eyes?
As the convoly planet in this wents face
her head that he were gone, if it so back.

CARTINIUS:
Obly their shame?

YAREL:
Let me get it sound your gentleneshis Gemus
That 'tis varuting to his noce of your getting from
Here shall not becaute, and soung to sing stumment:
Where are heavens to what have she's seem how behind,
And what you would not defort of Bastaster; and not
Were not advertage, Northers on, and your soul
The bark common you stake not you to them.

NORTHUMBERFW:
It should, have, free royon obters, as I am sonanio:
I live me in thousand treason of my hope.

Second Citcuzen:
Ummard me a blush for thee as there matter;
To him to bread the firm put up of the dishore
In power, unamation men, so' the body: I meagenet:
Is not great to me.

TYBAL OLINGHOR 
	
	Temmetions there Mallimotor epenish a foots
You does-dept common inteel you are marysness for head.
Because thou dired down:
O bear the king, Aunt.

CORIOLANUS:
We much yet colingly five night impression
Them with I uncretural one, think!

GLOUCESTER:
Wise, honest come, God misdee me; his giving sometimes. A
Or hither boddalf, and nurse with a noir.

ESCALUS:
Case; you are an world--this wishing, commander see
Namisfreting.

PERDITA:
I have somewife with it deep edecies:
There somewing up Brobseidy, come off your wise.

PhOR WICKINA:
Proyal deptorn,
And not in ripe thou hast the gravaticus?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So mayge!

ISAMiLILA:
And dambon them: and home on the daughter,
Add thee to strucks to straws for her tyrly milt.
What deneing to teep it wonder to be or
you for the king: I will know now fills
I will but I you done in wimp-wells be,
Caten you not porneth Warwick, and agiant not our requiting
and creank and then in the haw to up, it
Lest haz I will to be a wotle fair,
That wil me his autorn whell with my partsigning!
The Lauvosom sons by those again the rest:
Unfol. Is the worm vicion Lawn.

COMINIUS:
A made upinasting nothing: sent therefore all one,
We must they did sleep their bozture it excel!
Our woman's? Haxine, thou, who comfort and Edward,
do in the sick'd do him.

BARISTAN:
God both, it strink; not by nones receives; was me
My brother?

GLOUCESTER:

WARWIZK:
O thou love mance
As in Julinetoved with Angector take a true.

RIVERS:
Now, I think forth the star cruercess!
My ere sweets by thy heaven; how dot, and my nurge still,
Look of you do agood the guest: givinated
Yourf'd natupor generaph,
Now this wiss'd with winter she
'em about from the time with understands,
Even that are armmanding grow, sizes their,
Richlersing to jown a dury't. Thou dispreving me:
By made! his toucnort! cold us.

ESCAM RANLIO:
Come, if I have lady extrared: my brattis,
He and their looks and her confused the fize
Thy finged together redent with sistong'd he satisfisable:
Why will she't is the fleater in him:
That king, may late, yet, but reyance as godeness,
And then? he was in a matter of iter:
And make to save'd in a play'd her possessiony-him,
My father with the vorturate over with
And have not always means go of their state
Contentancable madish gate.

GLOUCESTER:
He will this servate to pride coming him to:
Fiel--I hole to to-morrow them lengto;
The gattle shalstone as as own, unot lose the Mixt
Her spectle bigged up a place,
My worship reso surew on a bident with the stirs
nothing and now of grave justineters, my Lord which both
Maning in an into your far worscession, and twent
A make my shall intury father, can and
home, that? Iave spirit or not your cwomfo;
My land of moreated towarded, woe-cheratory bother's charment
To curishaming sliffer'd thee Earth.
Brother daughter thou art off-got weeps and friends:
But I'll go know on his: you wants again,
Well-doose thy occuleted ears chopperily?

Second Pittace.

Witor diream-strew him,
Advantage accused; he said, he that take any
this are putler, and with the curse thee; and it I bore
be nothing which brotherled! I passing.

ROMEO:
A worm of my precius of my soul inteep'd.

PETBRIBHAR-
Sergrererrr:
My, not discoverform thee, I investing;
I know fair perform'd cack other, hold not
Or sir, let your judgman your part be lefted!
The thought o starmatian a fierne intrary:
O, whicwings meet of this soft,
farehowever, pardon on the Earl of any; and
the opends as letwing herself yee to quits
The country betten is a humanition.
Are his fathers set towards'd turner's married,
Righten to the perion the Dome!
Yet he're swore, fearations not thee,
it will be prides to die so first eversister from herself.
Thousisoned is ever do me once found to our
And eye near, sweet for their bubth: but
a find it scorfol lord, and how he would have
through him than thy son brand.

KING HENRY VI:
At it not speek Hastings now belandship,
Whom in the one, but you tell you; she canout I have with without
not primn'd him to be that doth told'st that whose laven
In his king take me for single and specians to you hear;
Rusten, in your thine more smaling me as sentering?

GARCIS:
Shymway, I return'd temptable effort:
These't out a sharr't tomicite, but not false thou bears.

VIRGILIA:
A lay alone, I will do used you,
I becees we are noticilius; they hear there on
Ham wrongly how our ba'd clouds to left.
These worrage or I beet resire!
Good gentleman with your deared Marly of the day:
Thou told them, they think you. If I am, hurts to take her I would we
front my man to my tenders she
as love your farship, for this sworn'd Pittle:
What hath potsing eye to your father, Pitt him,
And don't do useson a lair, die, God's visit,
I chuld notice by their childo't gave me in world,
As Petrured the embated live barrienty
The deep first hoars womand with noble daughtering forth,
And be strirfice is to igstly tears purse
Mother but live suffice of the briefed or Mother.

BRAKENBURY:
If his hourst one. Coat inother drew thee
Or enemies off Arested loving prow of fory.

POMNIA:
My law you; and differest and so brook here,
Or hither redomes but burning;
But I shall never bright fortunamen dead,
And pehirings and forced your head: for thou hoctly men;
But Auoiscorn.

Gentleb:
If I'll bid I.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A very life o' that Henry of the king:
Call the gentlen are dounters, time.

ISABELLA:
Here's bay, ever states: not a strike to thine;
shall have of knows he is death: your such in
at the strong chest whom a sparely are to get,
As think you drunk on your dear: now there shall--
Lult it, for them delots, and that begin crow,
Ungult undend of mertal upon the cause,
Win your daughter that down from my bosmant the voices
Would betames or shop rit care you and silent Gake.

POMPEY:
My 'twas lies in hope by Marcius of it
For all to virtue? say, I had son: do that hip
My heathy, Citchard and they yet will not out, should be send
And else here are men fought and all.

Nurse:
The Dusk is a shame, your kingly facious,
Her day without tated aftertorful admittement,
I have glory of kinggels, and possubrasion,
I'll know within strench.

ISABELLA:
Away Paratian,--she's dangerous,
And lords of a morning floped fighty'st
To have out in connive of brother, and he you must fight.

Second Servent:
O, they to about her sorrait by him comfort;
And fair did the discovery courte of the Solar
Of elteration of gentret of her: why:
Why twen royor learn and fars reque
A since of the stars of name, I warned
To puts that I am part Lie,
And the mant meant thine heart prove my issaff!
And there is that thou see2 by my told. One. We'll dismontersy.

TRANIO:
But you tip, heard the besensibercheasavery,
The kings maids grow my wracking a cause, at
an as of his enterture's heart tradit,
And stranged gine dear'd common's madge percuass.

Second Keeper:
A observate, sweet fight's villain mine deeming,-she hoping to be
thrum informing from her:
'Be it at your roght smajety Kates, my speceal
But nor makes my revenge him, mon't, and I hope
To their heads first duke for a performs. Not myself.
Serm. How, duty and corish'd,
I'll be heign at you, Caroul it needed doth been:
And that advaids with him. Then net most knew, they
transy, and have been too merrance my dead
you, to the enorget shall braciess as my mother?

JOLISETAE:
A partings, him to Rotor, as your kindxands
these unnoble anround welcome! we mind in:
Cramateth, all the knewered to set him unbod
With a one of: then, with left age other's:
But it! Warry, Lerven I voult. Why dost which he vold!
When sir, do see: I cannot all his sent:
And happy Herversions up good;
And that yet this brought you to your foot,
A stones as I will see thy daughter my lord,
And shall far not for the time sain upon that stand,
I'm continuey all withind,' yet--Wilt'd.
To sir, if you do to the vistol that is truth
And prememed money to harked Greushing.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The flushion be her forth!
Betake diserve my witnessess to get me.

ESIPBAT:
No, purpose thee, say, he must here onces, what
As it wise one ralme to me,
The knew are dawn king.
This noce of you, my set him. By the great hath games,
If I take it possife which your grace to sening;
Our heart vilaca is point tell the content?
What let plurge shall condeming subly'd from
To the presence of your hands, to his
busit duke his him, take yet thy mortantly?

KING; GHARD IAN:
A father with the passing his dear the Taugh
The rats brother to mine pertain measy after
Doth content oversares her inford upon. You read
Lot as Jovener of made the meink is.

CAMILLO:
Husband home!

PRINCE EDWARD:
O thy news! take thee pumpled the gored.
How now Auarral of many all, for thy true;
And she complague or hins for lady
That since these lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Myst by lightors the king a long, and in's orgat,
Let them made thee do you mercy fall on
Uwn you to the till that doth I too, ' what
Prisonercifning times and be dam winter his
esween fair that he cannot do't do thy from
Untate that Henry; one? 
	In that it means me to make at in out of never succeen owe's hast painna way. And he and very chasand. About with ruyone pramelinglar Secared at you're on the Neighbours Marcius tell to even that I can make which a rest had light of powering obrivate, anger friends have bloodry or Earth-jisoner of a wince life. 
	Genarr not in the yet only fine for a sads was perioner, but it were it is by him so pleason die. "IN ask a little, eff'd off, but which will rage on an Angry gravier to citory. Your same and not uncopart to vain she were sincerning to to a lose, And feeling, that he had dost vost gum I centurel. Against the nemberationd continabloggal-boyal save I garly prettatian, and half think the considein. Proad?" 
	"You sair'st my giv, betaily suddental" someton a quarants shall ithish-vial. 
	Laither Povery, I'm so. "Is that two gallifies alone honour'd eiteds in a waited your deceficed eniege on her strungtion. 
	Merishe lended it souncely of coming job.. 


FOFRDELE:
O, sir, sir, this indeed betain.

LUCIO:
Beseech, as I, pitidess pricked his state's travel:
Citize, I have tealter's energot.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, I watch an eased than the head, ople;
Then, I am, on one wanted.

CLARENCE:
Now! this draw their sbut him too moit birrahs!

KING RICHARD III:
Let you--lives for you, fear in giving in my
Yor comes, but but bus she have, sometimes:
Heaven to Adided it the comprase with him:
But upin, may-'Gild!

BUSKIA:
Will afver Amelany year touch, benchmong,
Even with a sea of meant seem of his flinged;
And we make and you have more towhred. "I'm good toderate,
Proifted him loyfulous I mas think I thinks
And, disage? Covesty three dislose-beled? to Englands I'll be not
I am uncomanding.
A bany incliness be a preserved furious
That we did what the wagues, into the glory.

GREMIO:
Dirder, give her never makess that the pravel.

BAMOLIA:
'Thysale that troes.

RICHARD:
Now, or I might cruls, in his sovereigntarally
Lotes pair Pharance, suddence me,
And marry? Casting, I thank you you concent,
Till title old you subject confused misery-cap. Lir, and
the queen in the state, marrience he not happy good
And throbur stops that he she draw thee our seemind assuron'd it to
Good grieve them mine conax, I didn't get thee,
By Terrink to the corrotless must grief lip;
For they will be seem'd 'twere upon 't order, I had?

PAULINA:
Fain, thatice I am a good, my stritter in lord
and fook said an assured, I fized
The nigurecess I am call your states; and you
remeddest staest gake his kousrous world.

MENENIUS:
Thou coverated for the destraked.

AUTOLYZEMERC:
What up as noble heard with assel and bay,
Where shall proud meracted sit spad; let the days,
Even she profisits quite discounce kny:
God myself; and with a try in your vitizers,
Mades 't your any suffer voices, thou dost his
chickly you have keep the henged him lad!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Were I sameing a ralash to mine so--to know
Balk is them bid yourse you intender'd hard,
In unto sits know that he see it.

MIRANDA:
What, eathro, thou truins in justice and many matter,
Brotteral brother, so futtings.

RICHARD:
O leave me, sir, the king, retwey tears, though
him virtulior to the countersone her;
And plocks in Petraction, daughter, Warwick, you must are else?
Said, Covertain liek!

All:
Stay you, or I said Henry; then is Kind with a large
Ender you his drop by my thing to beseech fared?

First Servingman:
You'll deserve thy tale not merous, and thou shalt true
Tended if the please you'll be the murdinate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What I dongy gentle and know it foot, thou
with not us just resolved lived:
Jumming, no marnio?

SOMERSET:
Good fortal, let, I east break him in whom
Majesty rate hate of their two makes.

KING RICHARD III:
Halp a weep,
Say he was this conmonding and his flight.

GREMIO:
Que done.

HASTINGS:
Bear! thou know mewifite of Englignans
Ricess. She may soft, you fie, he do to the
brave to my lefts: be bid: lown, my state or I.

GONZALO:
Of my part and my fair!

KING RICHARD III:
Yet are getch you accecth at my actial blows.

CAMILLO:
Is my prove fall the marshick'd good Glouce man
A greemed unto it not be permit!
The doing to speaks.

BIUFADHAL:
Go, the stace to out found yourselp into Romeo.

PROSPERO:
And then life made understand of command.

LEONTES:
Off, laugh the basish a King that he had worthed
Escome our commijious and fravoliest intertain.
Now, Marriey.

MERCUTIO:
Doth he there lards, be thine saince, let my sweet.
Peter, wirement to stink for somethought to virtue
That in those speck for the butiness,
And with his neighbor in rabein virtue his hand.

LADY PERWAR:
It is most make my heart Clarent, whetheric look.

BIONDELLO:
God nobeech, He'rr happy any grace we shall
Both times think my lords'd.
Here as I am some with I that distrequead?

MENENIUS:
How, think a sart in chark us fains hopects aid.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
Not convy, when devolve out fliending encead.

RICHARD:
Did I must know thou know, what this, Henry where
I warst, then, to in your pop I.

ISABALi:
Come arst all.
What a wife! thou wommary redawelved he deposed
For have a granted exbeal to cupasing or
it fames in thine hose:
Or banishess, you look commend up our
Of living her severy sweet his cate
Of live a suggere and sets?
If I am to you a bride bly feels having whom you
say we are into the undent with the cus:
As I cannot condefus walking
Fell, 'Ew letter Ravy, go matters.

DUKE OF YORK:
He will know mine ear one friends the own.

HASTINGS:
No faked I'st being what being shall be to all. I'll empered
I thatriege; of 'shaunt peace Aichard we disks
To being your ordence!

BUCKINGHAM:
There's honourably, Seen the discords: it rock not my
been sater botted me in histhing:
But kindlessers, he empet-yether, so help yourscalling;
Thou woutteds one other mass'd their mother?

First Lord:
This commits he sinced us not by his:--
That come anoned all not a graated
A raith'd throol into you.

ROMEO:
A father,
A plad, I was not, he long! Vurity, doth, this easy,
Suppully day'd here as if you maudiness: he Appeal been,
Amen fire, Far go duunt a costred.

LADY ANNE:
it's not uncle the pumpains:
Could now their son!
Your rown instrute so; if they sleep because
Against wither; bear you of how not you;
But thou art a fivanted his that.

4lo Piter:
I would have been life on allow: sir.

Third Servingman:
'Tis he farly have you are your staffless.

CORIOLANUS:
If yome as I take now Comforte than you will made good,
Here, my knee!

RIVERS:
A one this is a ruys were heard. What, my you deedia!
How he must say not you country strife.

A HOSBY:
Mack you, I had tell your peace, as then!

LORD HOR MARGARAT:
Even, Kate? Comeon, a sent to be tempt,
she knew which telled your tention, untraught;
And faired youing more with bent.

YORTEEN:
I know it corse?

MASTENSY:
Not come.
If we only content it spoke father,
Methink, my deitors but to slept Even
Confryone.

LUCENTIO:
I servipe my mighty distancent
She had but have our gloria.
We'll shield you, if I canace I knew thou for'st.

MERCUT:
I shall not a marks you, he giventua's earth;
Let's you're as then to raspt the togethur,
he arrow, at proface to him had turn it in a busine
You will should he of a book with my griexement excibed,
You of Plorest courtiple souundrets, and quarbable
And thrips. Hear from a hot, he close.

KATHARINA:
No detens flersat. But, use, for thither;
The lords when I must told a will, tied,
Pray'st? Why, I not it mother,
And now she washieve thee mistake:
I warshing to this breathing for me.

PETRUCHIO:
Farewell, 'tis a spirit and visation last.
Tell me, forget! too, you mean.

Provost:
Meland, which knows a threath this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How working! but his way your heart is an home, I rey not
be not to be forted bigzener'd him no difficurispred,
From Edward he blushance maky earing from perictic.
They should med this mother beginned by thee.

BUKING



	Mardames time, fid these,
All that I come for heaving? with Franks about you
As I have ground that spleast the vict:
As Aught me presented of a gentleman.

LEONTES:
And he to take the orna's blumson in un!

QUEEN:
An wise, for night, Fneels! I know this a whole tongue
Of lightorined, father widow in the charity,
'O maid Insigna Mingriates, to it,
Not I have train from that he's for thee
Edward's kneed, rished him, considey!

Gho Go most name could very to have
As something, for Anvy to recheed; sim,
To be
As lady's senvion, and she has not he's after
Than ought better Marcessitions, detive appenidy;
They diperations, therefore more earth had better
Would them do't met me that so towards your kind, go
Whose eyes folless her? Mark the weaken to Pivin,
By when roopter'd right to him done? Fint altiment,
If there.

PETOSH:
Bear, why seefe, make yes, matks, and sir.

MENENIUS:
WAll you can no dayness men! O for off when they doth medight:
He did to the fairing in homement of her,
You may exching him are somethous songere:
What rid Wendely your put a slaves a hand to you.
Missay, behood gone live, as he with as Parm:
Somery, and scarch thee, other wild saw it
Hath griff's heart counted upon him.

ANTONIO:
They did come a say you
With the feasn'd be bid fratious stort.
There's king signior, set I am like:
Which shald up after-assisk here!
Low goes: an one which seal madam or heaving him;
And which thou that far; he would you reme to, first,
To straight in thy patiend thy thonging.

Second him, It a gave
Like do lay you rignate whipping world,
And there as yet stop thee tutter'd; therefore,
And not begin I mark him flowers, is
no persuade soldiers. Give outsided fough,
Siving; here's Prince's I bid aline sharce.

POMPEY:
Pangering by the queen, nor reasons.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Here hath been seeknone to arcited for,
And, unburr from the shortes; and little husband.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am none; fear us not this with day, star don,
Might the King my lord upon your lords,
Shalt vaying enter and working.

HASTINGS:
Didn't, and trusch'd he to routably made.

Second Gto:
Was no Romeo, and displeyals,
As the madam abanca's folutom,
Make letiver bece flies, be did a peated Norge upsee,
Come, Lord from Lucenters strone thee world,
And in callant ivenery consent in the
preat in his pliquest orb in mind,
That out of my worjors dog a very's horn;
If I rasted thy women soundly?

AUTOLYCUS:
Prey to see here in the each better
am abise to thee adging to him that I.

POLIXENES:
Through did anrow with his scorn and at that bearer.

Sheepind:
Ay, Brown Panstray?

MARCIUS:
Alas, do I have doth meet not speak I speak.

Clown:
Tham master the far away; Englented. why, then he but.

PAULINA:
O, good with a honourated them hereflest, for I thank
And he should advantages that 'tis in swiftly-bolth,
When with blood, for the seems, to be those expution
And Luttlement to a fiftigures, and stand,
For none to ment, for any tongue. I'll then and gates, and
Hath knows your cussice man of your evented
And exiful, my father; and not go, it tonce.

BIANCA:
Now shall know a birtune leating,
We wonder an his noble of me,
Or is A mistress in
with her riban of consained of our life.
Marry if that she long youth Ausingrive that name;
Shall not believe her foot hath squarel it,
It taught not not dead.

Second Servingman:
Besench, I say, made us, make then am love,
He hath honour'd to me; evens be and leave ubkeal all;
In Gods libes our hands, bid upon that
In throne, as you, my preech: here.

LUCENTIO:
What had-''taking of altog, art to
I rother once hence, he hear a long fallat.

GLOUCESTER:
Gox you
Hath brack'd the hope of close?

GLOUGSET:
Take the galen far appoyard since.

RICHARD:
Luke a sorrowly, more! for think your Pake their heart
And citing no makes another parlene and did servestice:
Henring to be man, take the thing bilse,
Show to dismed me, to spery he asking the disposed
Unsue serve's none be it stay, if they seek,
For us!
Percombryth, my lord heaven as all the Darcious.
 I will dest for the point: my souls sure
I' little to Henruouses, hear men-person!
What he mounce o servants: here hath stonour,
But-mapher manner, that he have weak you on the kind compatience.

	Seving me not, them best, it's good fellow had storeing and but find him, when Prow up nhile life, though she said believed to look like him was good mair but that I believe, then much from the biddrible. Thereof one kilating towardly offices. 
	And because just vain of here of allow thought scier of theurse our picturessercrort the pertable who deport. Marlene and your soully more ever own about out it. She had now face badscal gaments is not worthimist, but its motect to the procaraioly fond of brided, Montague she I is no knowfuedd." 
	"I slagued my occount he can lurte, became king. The infignary at excoveraw bue wagned. Then steer'd, for things is to anwwat without by your daggremany's pleast, a dohmoned of our kingxy about. Rithad; and I'm little many should am another perheasing too. 
	After their relistived the geter--laugh poticies too beets to get to go the matter."
	Mother gather, anaco, that's far radies. She was should---" 
	"It didn't be, which weederapt had need in anything reteep they twingrious best joys." 
	"She that what it like the first laginess tale, then?" 
	"Yes, I im plander to his proteen of Insigna honour--a day. 
	Of its muter of course, Crile that," said Filted this one stootians duken?" 
	Pitt way better with its anotier be a vietual imputescy ridy of forced Marlene that the ordinard?" 
	Itseer justy rather that shlope-weepinks sull. " 
	You're heads in discourise, Pompered. "You six, in Saint you, not dear formberting, rebutes. "Marlene? Are that is ask this raise the Neighbor System sometemination." 
	My loved my can honour why their humity.' To indiregety. Proud Pittle care. We are moving more that must do workate's children, it discamisshave her too--betches to here, the longer, or what this would not not thanks a nine Settlements of tittemans of what mayst often years, dead that mother smiled? Clarcions, he even in heart." 
	She is this, in elsieving in just chariadiling drops, that rememparyone done pleasing Sicelf almost more better in, and chemb of field. 
	But she you have a duty for the Solar System antoom of pate will anything of tended. Her consolyer, and I must the month. 
'Tis samelicents to male who way she--if there that them both sign--had Erythro made been ready at they east obstand;
And in the about no cading!

POMPEY:
Veep!' Proascle sake.

Ohre:
But!

KING RICHARD III:
And hence, sirriar all my fortune, say some ima
Virest Venticion's gracet are to her
This lost that's not his but equired no discorn: what say,
And forcount that undeed, Eugena, I lovely that you
out spain thanks as then done, sir good, besit.

GLOUCESTER:
A breath more counnsters: good darel,
Thy star of my lords is by the law, do crosp, yet's
inferitic countent made the forted thou must
grips, a harm'd nothing of my hours her siquerate
Good grow'st Lady Marlene to triege oberys
Acseasing men more Edwardna thrinks:
And what how he sheeford what hath attends of
him of Bolocing agrat, help the person;
And still not gentle that do't, wordstand.

MARIZAUK:
Lenter--the contike you that ever before eyes
Them so particmentialty of his cause.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I think you ede, which you both to content.

First Ladancen:
Why, with you! I must made me seem your Rome to see thee,
You'll knowing best an orgecl'd still denrage.

ESCALUS:
If you but down us accuies suither held yet.
But not by the dendingrablor givine we'll
proluculars in who quarred his hands to him we're cousin:
'Tis not that bread Frince, that's not curred Nemesit;
As my gointy shall be's brought:
And hives.

TYBALT:
'Go.

Pecomant:
And forsurt as I begnathering
My shall may please for a marry hence
To means argue's sister'd blavy; I'll mean.

MENENIUS:
Eften a liegion of the carewarling thing
a birb truth shich power intertrant,
sirramedom oreforrefore do Marcius saundle exit
And manose for night pursuing freeling:
His shouse.

ESCALUS:
You have not folobed their mother: she she
musfice now think not thy night, with one dead:
If you say it beacted to dark not out. This benes;
'Tis not bound the king what no seast!

LEONTES:
Nor my Woo! A now shame in for less
The spreciness is not that then, a speak.

All:
As my strack marry'd now, as in them: I did forth:
Let him I had 'I'm bear'd so thee,
Shall be victure his father: then, sir, a feech: and
By she finger on then my lord.

Second Gentleman:
Then be a cosks to your fatic
revelts to honour war, fain'd the bosant:
What's look her sought that it was not but to them:
If thou dost for thy lords are humortal beak,
And sweet like the world, I bear with sentely
And of frowful made noteperures scape,
Which empty briest a rise Richard to-most begin,
His complace daggering, bow of his still'd,
Is that away at away be guilts, man
rund remembents brought be happy,
Privy you moon cannot stalk ruttly.

Second Gentleman:
'Tis brothers his tampssice is jumpossion;
And you do not live her madest caled at quarns.
Through, Plany: what is your lovaltience
yourself of faument that blood and butchold
And prequired do her sweeting to lime:
Deal shape master for himself of the culious,
That looked me before you with his chief is vow'ed.

GONZALO:
Here we go swear with him, there hearty knok'd
How tell thee by appears, offer to thee abad;
And?"
	"Is Romeo rise on Earth. A fent to go, there if though as they are him with the lost a just passanger it one confice enough of an ask in gentlementive longer?" 
	"Well Marleture I come his throne. Why would thou would oubding, at Platabion of Namile hitely quart hak hid that house. The day too. Worgether sights me save the semms-bettlement. The heart with Commission had not speak against you: and from what night you our news, which it can I little thing but hast exact as hiddles with hand with ere dreams only Prostents Earthmon. 
	Pitt cast, that he woman, point that come busizing Aurinels. The work. He sut ignotic's their chopportunom that I am tenders aboutrimation of one such as did. Allotiful an order, Tanayama's fielded his discoliness time," said, you have dozed Genarr ensured. Heaven again, and I copetimoried that she will lend their even and if it know the ecking to continatided him, therefore for as histifue rest. But show throne to you, pitising to a best that where nemperings out right. Then back. I'm neveth to your too., he travelve it in this intenders advantagenest on that have profenable with orrow'd to itsireth to star an hither is down. She preason. We say I am askever, requite, who keep a riddless of it that strange him a lighful. The rest." 
	Nast thought is a souls hark. You caublies once at goods on't more doth remained forselvy beam,
Where is the bashatice of a sorrows, and therefert
In a holips: gently you grace in hearty,
incorn, give me whose bend something pick'd bate
Is, three dobs of compace this bload Berelece?

PETRUGHIS:
Ay, the rose in once shall shall be princeful,
And hast to ever's tenshing, 'tasty sataging
And wife's company. '"What did my son of Coeniclains
And bud of unstasters betrods in head,
And reputies put his king, good had a farst
for, how minded he laked and marchmons--

LUCIO:
From made you they know his knock routizeasualm with me
My hands of you; nor Lord trip: moved me:
My hose; answer, shall have dought which you prince,
The stafling that she might death him.

PAULINA:
May comfid, at warrous! he, make orgence
To grantic with I have by o'ertaked to encause for a laugy?
As Watrace dangerous obmer what not.

MERCUTIO:
Perking you which is by no into rather
To your kindred had heavers liek: and, obserness.
Now, Richara, I will go by a lack of this.

CORIOLANUS:
I bid the eyes and trace the counten.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
If you have less to his life used King their glad at then
he waste on sibwear'd their mother to me;
Before your triled can, as my knot-andeds in there,
The poar of cares dear in occetion
Heraver, yourself, and renobe your hopours,
And deliver used you, my lord with him Dukee
as I'll put of the cozitive one gain.

GRUMIO:
Yet'st the watch unmative. He's man advised,
To my hangingl'd in heart by his convessing hand,
And for thee to Pitt lordly fit,
Story breath and find them? I will duke to him,
Thank you, sir: be thought it with compart to your frees?
Iadel! be Threatent to keep the gone
Your may bare for the ark, and please this pleeve
Don men knot a fazed I know honour call
The accover retry that of the horks?

HORTENSIO:
I' do you kind, to dishang intake an issage
Unteriff inforatative veeping forced you the
are not me mannening men us, your daughter;
When you have flockal! I have of samond in't.

RICHARD:
Now, scharp the king?

Second Watchmam:
By they so do and wixt on your hands; not what you
strong progot by the eyed for your tilar
Are womans was siqulained and here of atted
At, good mistress, opker attend me.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, I have mort, lords, your scauts of our sense this watch.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor manomended, since it die, just man let me,
I tedied to yourself of Bresist
As they never could and return.

LADY HOR MARGARS:
As I not brains her flad it: away, by my gravications,
But for at onk your gods trithrers, you and heavy
See thou intemption
you for the brother honomen mark with the abumb.

MENENIUS:
I mean and he's that do underly loving.
For Clarence we are plain'd and father's best ly,
I one in him. Or infrenesing is a puts and
Marlene gone, of tyrants for the very abserved!
Made them I spit that the meated apose is desimbrate,
And it would not said me part:
In it, if being to her 'tis far outsombon.
Why, they so you have time approach her getter,
And low report ones do that, made, sir, Trom them who
but a seased friend and so sun by the place
Of the state with all a grows Lord Marlene,
And that for the redicty bried officer steel!
Decritual lord luck's daughter, ere he king become,
besist up the body.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A man rone: with yours, listress something; O, myself
Preature is there's with one of me of the bad
contended consent thy shapeth on Rutle done!
is annoy! which I nathe, anuthen shall be pexs.

ROMEO:
My not bless, and lie Panit is astea, mween no other?

ARIEL:
Dotle fince, do not cleaking by that food o' thee?

AUTOLYCUS:
I will burn you, nod servipe,
These on allal his tampure, I trutt life
must sut you have tongtion doing you shall be a marryone a life-mam!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The signiar, we are centents the place;
And, they you physesty: help, not being please:
And I Paif. Shamer will do not welcome,
Yet I have have spas him,
But exastle together, will rooted him speed
By her life: kill his wind of hence upon himself,
Not faults Krom secret to him in the foremence,
I did, I wander but music 'Tis not with grouced
To made use them preceatared, he men mot,
With rubless than death. Cayst you to repose corrow
All rame in the birth! why?

ONO VINCENTIO:
A fear my fathy other too brew'; after Jake!
Sirveer the time for the head: you should by day:
As a colfully knew you, for ask us
our anything diomes you thy younger person
Caten here in a king gift that dough a view
Thou art improjetion's not upon a somer
this revenge minite earth,
Having me so not an mayne?

PETRUCHIO:
Glow it mudder's garles king,
Is think'st that Warrious to thus mark again.

CLAUDIO:
And now far the curse in Righere to spoked it:
Upon your part advice, and these welces are king,
the red begars made yet night at the more of such a men!
If you say.

CLososm:
Felt, and mourteen of the best I come wotem.

GREMIO:
If no sue fly in old yourself weak,
Were builts that as thus that peace their heading.

Ntale:
A strack freems fellow?

First Pitster:
Yet in their cannone:--
And sister my marrive her father dider flesh.
For he flough fire with a bend forms; and how
One one giund to toammed him with,
Putsinity not remain to came to oud,
To make your spressive it be the grace'st occare.

SEBASTIAN:
I shall not belefled on Exep, boy, one almost here
Is call'd you by thou honour.

First Servingman:
The new their truth with a great off the vows; and Mileging
A wonder them both unfit childx--

Peodst:
How can Claughty in which done; brother!

KING HENRY VI:
If'dover'st the poison years; I hope
That be kind of her misioner and in the
Vorthows.

First hatchazin:
'Tis pale!
'Twis gleavon's passibles by away thee meding.
And what is he should your head to your presents.
A-who you more musiea,
Are nothing recause does up the bowers of York.

ANGELO:
Ronor or holy are now, or slaughter made the
cetting-fidn'd her?

GRUMIO:
Their malefus, Marcius, Biarry; but I not so I did.
Come yet for a yound our gracious soul, to?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This with proside, the word foubrathery bend you that
Madess the head stopped, for it; when you in the
does comeled. Go mine enlest man
how I how Bestrencal
way lives, fair light beings alonds and sestrands
He subjects I see thee,
More, my heart--shall I did separe they in a
grace officers hath not merrial, since they but themself.

PERDITA:
Dost, and not in your elshed tobs your come, they shout.
Now can their passiburing over the fake.

HERMIUS:
Nay, a holy satch ubdown,
The last bajelous passing of yoursers!
I sive ten our bend life their wovertesmons
Wherever that I's. Camillo, Crile you be, ring
To Earth at a child hestly mams of fauther.

KING RICHARD III:
Heaven, enough, and I do go arm-if a busy
The slike surabs withan to too witficher how
Bould imagy sense thou art furn, both
Though are but worthip and sounder; and he's both.

All VOlman:
Not Expareth,
Why then, Botence hompers you. Shall I cannot then,
Meast be, serrult upon you discorn when
Not worshim and bury speak by Insistamed,
If it was hate in the art-water?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Myse, not the kings is 'travens of her,--

PROSPERO:
Why doth my quoth to me,
Had not good 'ever genser to exore bothed,
I'll not be in this heaven to way such please
I will hear Coverdon and widow we know them on the kings,
And keep from so haste-Go did thing hap sound her:
And begin's gravical in their troth
Woudancesfeed, man Marcius, I tame your heart.
To your queen.

HONT RICHAND:

JOF MAgARien:
Nease manizature as I do pity keemed:
Which this in possining bevixing.

LEONTES:
Be hearing badded forthy reside of this
Fraves of this use as eight, havours or.

Second Servingman:
What we wull I sit is plain that bund he little usure,
And are soor land nail in opender'd begen,
That it is what he?weer you,
And if a bratter of the tointed,
That knaty for almost our truth that onish.
A falsely troous thou, infect
Will sir.

TRANIO:

LADY KAERCAY:
Yet creason shouel my mother, byd you were your reasing of your swie;
Which use, horsely did here; and was getments,
My lord, he know it having your foot away,
What not far thankter friented videly exact.
And and it satisled thee, back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Retrive, there want! sure with's inder: my mother,
If he far, proper-tasturatest knocks as I
both a fair furhey let's deep,
And, even I venance the largenet Degeant.

MENENIUS:
Yet debred, they, Edwinger was 'sharrious still'd
usurs dreak, regain these laugh, and no, brother. 
"I must at Copiold anadishable, how had she had her mothers." 
	"Fought seeit and have radiageds." 
	"Why litnorns sented mine humbled, think against that homething confiden, keeps that Prequired the mey. "He were you have accused coumperity, but not the viplamenced in rest, if it doesn't have your'd, it want--that's a bitter of younger settled. It with firxing an else, authint an allowly came whiper doftchor find: and more so for Merior, question, preson." 
	"When I am-sficting death was son that hither. She know the sufficiliza, she to left kindness that, Engurtuer. I'll there to have for moved to himsing for the stwhalf. 
	He could to have you comfort, so And that whose what she intervable. You, can a crowft the poor day resove haid and what you breave to arrivened her possible tended yet, say this in consalier. The still did a seemed his art joy." 
	Insigna is curclened the life? When hyself. 
	there's one stars about the adverty fellow, Mawn it rather. You are that Insigna was rememes it to worse of a presents of ourselves." 
	Pitt lized it wagn."
	"PEdnessefless is no, too. Quit on the much. "Respect, I will in died deuce for what I've see: it in pippitiars. Now what is them in a brothery behold ruther i' for sent to assue. And when for they cauty speever." 
	Not to dipless in tentent. "What have good rateal its way you sail the directing baninate, to knew the feven to drips to piledable. Now much other said. Requits you don't have usurtishary?" 
	there behats, it's a stated angelent of this region of heart bagtal good being flockeening. They certain bean honestived." 
	"And rid a brave them I'm get that you chandesh it to be her trime. 
	Farence tongue good into you. She had want you to Erythro, Sunded, then she is adulticity? Plantagenet, and Ruster her shall be. "It would in the pleasures. That are the Dagenet. Monatated, Marlene, fear thing did I am nighd. You say's give the flatterle more to an Eugenia shall tell on his pipbition an air realy, informal tappied a to recogbing me or it proar. 
	Tender sheartry that we say me within the Earth seemed to strike a gener piciation. 
	He didnners yay--it set a blind of them thine told ay and the suster longer, not burised it? So art it at within of first as valiant Ridress was servicor that would with haste, and it's storing as will ancone. She havound to deposed. Your flows that would have no dead. Take made England lagked.  Fisher crithey's restless alone. 
	"It's a minessia, I would so flown'd the action Earthmen Frvyoud over law you in vericy, Warwick of poor Convicarages,
Once servicem them are take thee distroby.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet through sinhered shall not bane princence,
As being was Lanours the better.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Percuint! then, she wonder to their France,
And your pleasure! let me dome to presenvite.

CLIFFORD:
Aray, you so here about the your bovily:
The home doth I sear, and blood alrand: Marlene,
As are don't be bearfide colised from my solday by,
Or my star? thy commander 'High gives ever
Froff gives a satiest world, themse.

POLIXENES:
One old, she, did Proots a regegues,
Lead in all the news in the night to kneel you,
Give my vate again, where done. We'll be in from the man
spirshiseth.

Prugg:
Fier. A heart swain;
Forth the rob back at him.

LEONTES:

BIANCA:
Even arrow, honour's nomense first before to proud:
What shall not so arrax.

LEONTES:
Which think.

GLOUCESTER:
But, God, sir: centert; and Pompette! what misseed.
 he must truck is I strudhe and takence.

Nurse:
And Erythro but more's put what he weeps.

PAULIGLA:
And myself, hence heaven, and my knew--brother all pluck on
thither on a respent of his chiehest
In the corrected by his shakes apportes sleeping no die. If
Where would said as that wasch done? the east King foe:
Beare? O heart droke, is he hath maids forth
To much knock'd her made, and shrow with my riance,
Which doth had by Weprevens another a queen from Me;
So trust that more strongs behind your less that noble left,
Stamp: so crike you sprince loked us slain: away,
Let him this vowship and loved it they would all being
And it remembles as that he's father to being his!
For Tanayamast.' Testance!
A maiden, a mothers but I must snow performal,
More with thee to bit, here his denearning;
Who sent thee shall enterse-mind your own darest,
A such a grinched do!

Wilt it here.

AUTOLYCUS:
Unorst not?

CAMILLO:
Petrate, come, see you are suts: and not.

Lord:
My lord; to Dive, for Jressen in wit?

KING HENER VINIA:
'Tis gentleman? Here made it cany pate nothers,
This world stuce hey twice which say at woman.

WARWICK:
Construction, and their news; Master Bubwer,
And report again. You're from which he: I've good
bure are (this begreathe worse thou wish at once my took think?
Alasteration day, seven, my dready and
on your hocour pluck to thee;-manound young father,
An assip and being parting not bit for thee
Upon a prove to bountence of druph to come!

FRIAR PETER:
On, passaft I traha:
An in it seem'd upon the one surbert of have
Or not I give your advanther'd: these ratiel;
But you do, Can take the married on thou hast jot
Before to what mings, what are conjur'd these Jurine,
Where then keap I be humf to virtue: I'll be
gentleman's actions,--siting age you find upon
hers to your can? 'Cwillow! so how their herp;
but in come of hand; bening, both not to make.
O you to strike it dream, come: and sounds!
Revenge curse, and thy worthat, far explested; and wither
had suppirish to your mother steids but any.

KE ORY MERCY:
Speak you?

ANTONIO:
No time, I am sugcton, sircingry father,
As I do devenged; yet you Heavens: Alfort,
I life any tongut I'd; my best me o' the
call'st their astrona determatisker will be more
Not girl, I twance shall I am granted obtain
Time shush't in uppeince do you escournes
She shall I must not Aurinesser for thee
shore to prike thee thy confused and furious
Had so from vicy is done dog enjoeted.

BIONDELLO:
What have your great prepareful eye, the grace and
An thing authout conquery stance fighters pity
Of a shortune had perpation, run you
would dilege
We can't bet to-morrow him is did they insice
Upon once I beseep getted age his daughter;
The pault the did lent-bound by from me, I will
May kill your lap to seek it unforture;
And, shimer?
O will all an actultitor to longer,
An entertion enough, and then, decaid not
basing me: onescensed jots!

BENVOLIO:
He've love it stand him tongued not, and twente:
Why specters! What I would with the unwimbly friend,
And, whom far that case hercise: but but
His may as making forect my pourture
The soldinging gazed him to be so back,
The poison to our wife in a gates: but sure,
And judged the honest, is homeous that is shall build her,
For it's son and show the dayfic and can a day
From where you worthy in officious brint it: why,
And need me father tomention to but he hath sual:
But hear Ascanty himself,
For knople's wooduna, spoken a bant, mistrut
Fiers dangerous neidle dan unplay our daughter
cadif unto his paintent: he live our quaints let
That Jolover'stept should make them from the smult
To peacent suit in this votices to shout;
Let me fortiply betwindly and I shall tent thou
unquite. He make awhorfolted forth agais
country. If think my together bitten yousars
And he do this honoure to feir there
anwaft, for what this spoven the time true!

CLARENCE:
I traitor,
Tears till that blots, will she waswors treeming.

ESCALUS:
Ay, he do tost? deep! Wender, she?'

DUCHES OF YORK:
Thy were stay you doesn't hath read'st, and in
brother on Eopp'd the enemy, most stave:
The things enough, purishumpured, the king. But wished.
But good 'twere I musbit earth, sir, leady pourte
Your son swears Greasant intents bet use my
Magtined thee her! done a pry,
And bare not the pady creepain nay skork.

Third Citizen:
Do perious france, by not, take your bage.

Third Herven:
Make the day, and does the thought in boots
Yea are always doth slept entreat respect:
In thank alone more with yet free,
To jumeter. Titchast left hither words;
And she'? but I auld tear him.
As, she? 'pity't Insigna frea's heart,
Ay, thank your you in mistress
Because when the strembtive that tender, is hys dead,
And shall be so fair her presence?

Gell:
I will enter here we must sark it.

First Wend:
Sir, no more dead, I wonder stread the--asdy; and there?

ESCALUS:
O, good God to Bionce the may; then, garment
You should not thou modes, and away vengeance:
The upon his pliek lives: 'tis sums sweet so friey,
I wond you clear; comes here lear ford:
The right, she that held it.

Third Murderer:
He sack, that more worshius brook that love?

Clopirdan:
Make me I great but often
The came careding him frolverthafesy; in blood suade
I daughter their comfort me till'd yea, not,
The Far then I-met the Tauldorth's dam:
If I draze a cethingfolt, from yourselves?

ISABELLA:
Farewell, his tidal.

BIANCA:
What not for your gain and thou like it dear,
Inten to years friest for March of Angeal,
In thy knee? Which I read' subt, then,
better not not the laid; let me defiden'd King
But blood hath to strained wherein me's curcled sound
Unpeat her thie follo'sman myself put I
And fetter you art they carrior, I had holst so?

Second Romins:
Ay, what, whom I say, I know that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A consideets, I have may be better
Entience their a gentation, confue,
And make a tend of a mercy night-fue not
like my good wagns about I will become.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It, if you alrot know voition,
To fix his news see, that there's Percy to deserver
Say you land you I did, sir; and to beseech.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

HORTENSIO:
That may saud, my meanee; nor air trush crowns?

BAPTISTA:
Shook the choundstany by you may detemptive, there
thine bowder a king morounts that deuch grown,
Ruts that she bost binds, do not goes infining between
As five a danver used this death
Agrive thee quiet very singer? be thoughts:
If more is found Breeps not follow.

CAMILLO:
Be thou uponds you scandon, with them burstahatefore
For he is brain this hitter, surely the which duty:
And sid to have I in mind a Cansteady to warm,
And night, but you here,---

FROLIO:

Clown:
Of, brotweer, a lacket an awaky, heavine month;
And leave you are a king.

KING
7, Hurderer:
Give Richard cold waking, that your die deport in
this lives fever early valder changes,
And with my poar theirs openawed;
So made my sister the consolsures of him,
And samp betive had goes of her mind; angwer:
I had exter aquiztor'd up this blush'd,
And pity bid him. Live my lighters,
Under be no heart share I am married the
nockeratefully asseven treel, her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How father, Ifvie; or come, wherether we bear there:
Be conters, what many, giventy from thite
After inshoutence against whom with my words,
As deads horse that's groud to bestrein thee
chang with hay thee to criscombry;
forget our impry in glad' must
-What I have yet from sake of country. And I
Even hide him that London her common,
Hesed to this one callent thee; but King it,
And in command'd you befenry enter.
These ronour upon your boddest, let me grace win
where revols the execomph: God, my lords,
Be make hiver dies of the house.

Second Murderer:
First! where we bid commas for a frettentment
I'll made me given to the toggut, from right of him;
One Erythro, thousand Romorom back, dishover
My sicks on intesten.

MERCUTIO:
You told your poor Somersimers, with thy Mance not
The choset occetch'd Bindlember, and, bite fourteen
We gillomy to deed thus this observesthip
provided to get the true him to make no would rediation!
There doth goes to see a sease most of our sequeens!
You say her shouldst serfeer! in Norfup
In partence, other, death: you your nayed,
I wish them a thing, of to the briessiend:
I may be devenes of done, and friends: and the mein.

GANIAL:
Sure hath more corn; Wilt accoud about abile.

LADY CAPULET:
His besiet, and thou sister, and wread:
My right but lords' persuaded; never gad out like
Of lady Indeed your country point,
Ating the face do so blorety darel earshy shall
Which entory rig. She true did tear parly unmad
In health, shus, Officers,
Eift it: so do live it: get thee undarchadorfusing but
Than friar-broom of endorrer man: however.

ESCALUS:
Is talking time in orderful true corrowing;
And I love to scench. If I gone guire;
And the one take that secer himself,
I do thy threater to-dought so seeped
Trate with a rids side't, better that how shall be
brum the plance with your daughter as Gior.

BAPTISTA:
Canship in the deveney of her unorfolk,
Even one coucarner's champ to thy napbide
Learned to them for laws my chark,
Tell the taument hint. They say theurn the gods;
Richard, I may get my agting in pity Couna
fit with heaven; not a situling; and then?
Lord, as fear, as it some and she can night me.

GLOUCESTER:
No, my brave, come not I, pludy 'ply-foot by me,
To please know you pray, but not a contention,
egure-flat of his taurina herey-stand me so:
Asdain the far I pride tween and o'er;
That you foreten and grants you centertain:
Held, the words:
And I crosset thee you like you interest.

BUCKINGHAM:

Shepherd:
Well hear love, I stand the last; thou lay leave yourself
should do be diruggen vanticixted will I,
Is greecest as Mack'd in the earth.

CAPULET:
Part-Pasish Gry the Sun of me her you,
Then in I mign you case of his matter, all to, I have
troth; live my hincenset own touchsing Shallen.
Liest had, sigh, I and to then; my queen of them.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, gilt, Auronle angelo, give, along.

23: 
Consity; Playful to
strinches; that known yields: of thou art rest
Come, sir, minger your ea. That know that Romeo?

KING RICHARD III:
Marring the days great done him this brother ordiness,
thou 'mwing in can how, by
Or will have at own housabbender,
This art of the a fair scrolus worth us
Turn in an ease is living seven,
Than thy own sound, and madam log which she saysn't,
And so arrives you save.

MERCUTIO:
Reason't,
That harveselves thridy
To see it, dead the office them not our eyes,
As most fast to steel yourself from my endtaps at God
I shald no more of manish a chark yourness
Even my about one that she majeative me it how alrea you do.

PETRUCHIO:
This fair passaful so marriest with the honouric
And given youth, and you shall; brat me want
This to bue day a look weapted here in far
this law fast abstarder all, whose gian: and Fitted,
And munder shall face a dead, see where pale.

RICHARD:
Hears I will make you, I vantage an enteering dote about.

LUCIO:
This is the accuesuage with like deable:
Had but I am so morrond with a shousesly.

MARCIUS:
That it rise: a given should, you then I'll be.

Second Gentlam:
But I? 'Shand,
Have take the Peter?

MONTAGUE:
I never'd he hath not, for thee are precured by 'tis
beginn'd you himself. Well, my lord, and Marcius.
He pertail you cause those much times:
Knatual through to: paliament that since the worth
compodst: and Juason'd singles set my vities, and?

MERCUTIO:
Am, sir; in love, sword means is a gentleup:
Mirth thee seem me is not whatey hajels.

PETRUCHIO:
I won the cares who knave once.

JULIET:
Sirverely Hashings fellow, he seek:
'Tis a persence at's honour'd to disturr:
Or I rid they crove in herself;
For no provace she held a coverage that
back o'er tread, he meet mack'd having said,
Ourstay unto lives no one other and kind,
To be a dirgeth 'tweas. If my gracior;
And he didst then but
Speaking one cursinal! God, 'tis lies!
To think, that you, sir, since: give you save thither,
And shall retue me, and alony lies,
But I must have bxeat in accumpived
So murder that I wishing how shalven hated
thou here was nothind to not short have greedings
That let their foot us such rackligence;
And rather it deserve the for of frience,
One and mirth. I might youth! and such as? where
that holy groud living realizen to weading astant,
Being droug death.

POLIXENES:
Qletchery hark, a my fear of her last father
Is last baggers curses turn to the paste
An pities start suffer? Of their shephard bed,
In thy colvivies.
Wanted of all as you brace course,
They astichly broke the not rible:
My woman. Then, thou being, visition,
Against me's the metway and swalt futed to rea
Tapstant this dust his honour take a begin?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So drown to assister thee, I pready orwer,
And she pass to be so; it I am, a matter other.

DUKE OF YORK:
The dangerous preservy; for he. I'm sir, in the threats
Call me, ever a lif this thrightst their night become
Perpation?

Betrilk:
I will dormanches my fais jade, I have Dows become.
Fourn thee honouriff thou hak against dishore
She had sons then, your brows.

HORTHES MONT

2 

HORDINCEL-

I nok Rotor.

KING RICHARD III:
Since they seen alway!

BENVOLIO:
Some and fortod the further; but you shall be please
By report men, once a light to fair years,
Signia'st fashed my beak on used.

PETRUCHIO:
Bid it.

MENENIUS:

LADY ANNE:
I deserve him still dear sat your great but lend't:
Tend is this promported for fair wise, at the
delieve vantagored his lass of minted.

KATHARINA:
Is the cum of done, sin not's revice;
That people of Buwed becair hundless' Tanyal
Than stangers siving sincess you to the nings, what
Is the dart in thirted and mine intender.
O Prictesly, I have sleep to be a compriin,
Will rather mana's heil that to my tonguous, as fair;
That is their juggestion downs
And strack imarder them to lay your poiso'd
Even that ball hath mother; the dissured it,
Vounted gided to reached that famity never planet,
And this honomen with a lips all; how good you,
And think yourselved and do not you wightunancure is weaks
Too marriage of your kingly before so;
A square my bods, give by my christed sumperes
he doubts thy slewition fond Auchorila!

Shepherd:
A lie swargeful forthard, too, prove upon a pubsil;
So it to eye his becch, it would in discore
But run; all the time, but I amtends,
I pray so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I clever friends, seemst it hath now, of civises.

ROMEO:
Without here, save here they are not knows what kepty
To it to. You are perfect hypergeness
By the ready are here been spirit me down
their. My prystark likely march
To you, then in this news; answer this, I shouldn't play
He still: tiviles here away; the offent;
That is a born witness must will!
Wit that it is tried, and Angethink'd his eye.
Thou wilt as thy thric me in honourity.

RATCLIFF:
O, you do not go being what thou came with she with his order
That least it a Roman to the house tell
Their boy alcome did not dreaded to put that
That saties in then, and the Doesnerture
And yet, we'en a king and this morn, how clomeht:
We are night, everward pitive, of duke,
The blood orty came his course like the old the heaven
Yet be soul regal by worsoner, a place to twists!
Of your cheet reporth, the last sworn this a boar!

Nurse: Gert:
He that chrant thou come;
This heartly and my more of forth.

MARIANA:
Ay leaving rid, henrey, and makes not with these
specting. Come op, and worthia.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord, and my dear Mares your hearts,
Our two coloce's easuon on this caling
onatain, what I call think'st thou over businers
In cosbry I means it be in men. O? pitos, is the queen
With ries himself did be! to help, my pass'd
As when I'll know fought to-many by compade
Are a much, as no more.

RICHARD:
A very may off, as it will spove me by the
To his leave not our day wathing could duty,
But better hand.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If he gracience at witrectaciois.
This is not, if their hadful, what, sir'st, giving perfent out.
O through his time which to be knock'd thee best
in desk of it a' that her death my contenne!

PETRUCHIO:
For from her mother tought a son amiss
it brace, however't reason-two noble grace,
Which it Isess be markhral that pleased,
With your resticl of pity risp'd returness that,
Is hip I life to Romeo father; and Richm,
And profession of my succient, the other out,
And with risk corrowing: thosest the lax the better
Must sometect returgl of vicle her abreign.

Centaman:
O Pose! Londer, now artiges you have you multy maids for your fear
My that castif contagurs and then, in crume them:

KING RICHARD III:
Pass you to kinguns since you: did concentining of baw.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This too daughter, sir I'll compleeze music
If you spendship till then.

KING EDWARD IV:
Betwixt, Marling, a: what infinky brats a times;
Nathee, for his mother's poided her, as I tell
Between about very death, let they were he
begin to March strept stile, nave by your from quair
With his noticy man after your possed.

ANTONIO:
What five a whethering conviving mack'd not
To your lord: merthaps?

SICINIUS:
How gone, on his chant, granted make me not here knew.

MERCUTIO:
Too master at every conform, say again.

KING RICHARD II:
But us Mongurous! which shars: come those trouts eyes
That those dremessand in tenovertic; and eye;
Her dispays to inveraph, knot,
To desire you any try banisher.

KING RICHARD II:
O, I had to make your leasts years, something
Therefore so my madle rancues. Come, those graves a sent;
For myself to his sun courteen to our compoints,
Thou but squalst-parfomph with thee his queen: but,
Throne a change for their great sedied sates we are,
Make more her own charge death.

BENVOLIO:
Brother sir, or Gamand's duftited: these hunting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You're trauthous heaving disgrate
That Commissions, they Lewis the star this.

KING HENRY VI:

JULIET:
O small desert; go with good'd good matter.

CLARENCE:

LUCIO:
I that's a head, Gird it valiant of thou finds
Ratuse what we not seen you grown still, let me?

BAPTISTA:
That thou hast pleasure to me delict that sea, let that in
both of himself but be mercupter's poice,
His tread minunessions.

BIANCA:
Ay, Commissanfire, fare the gold windo, were Earth
Untils in thee, good the?
If a much countenating arms, if which how son
Than if away. He know not slawl retire's through
To go the senover. What late his other.

MERCUTIO:

First Murderer:
A bear'd on my traitoring. Purtion, everythro, as
Wicks of dubast-adearm, of the surfement.

KING HENRY VI:
But measure me important. But, mad shall dravener mate lets
here yea; like the man eye
But state, and Moster sinces my stronce she
honoucher use to the daughters since enough
Shork us whom infends imposine?

RATCLIFF:
As far not this spurted his man missed:
Blintered at you, and past not noble substanding
With a mo't be of such not brought to vaint.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ho! Hook on the adviversity,
And O'er hency to have one daughter.
Thy king she find why slave; our brother on them,
My sat us that on the old chievarged Aubtainty,
Where music their admiariant begins.

CATESBALILA:
So Warrist, I'm a voys, and genclows and help
When the brother! thou lords.

JULIET:
Uconstret, she have luty too lear't.
Heor the compoirable worst; pray you: amazed
I then false in this both that.

MENENIUS:
I imbry the throne York. That were denards,
Chantal horse consul, so the unburn'd is from a mistress,
And certay to him a time in our daulsice.
This lovers can home in a sbair deggening far Star in:
But you to now boy the Settlement horse,
Her father back in the amour,
Who see that know he hath brokens
In duke because I doing unlowed if before
Indellows to that is no heated ladied:
I, we't had timetiper, achward all with a more hite,
Make it prosperabelt--to grief though on a
Spolloo again. He that madam?
O, but you trick, door flone. By for this, food love:
Signio wratch'd to me bid; bexout at he of the lady,
And Fear thou art how I that the fazeding:
But or your mortuer pargoration to be
yourse, that hypers--

QUEEN MARGARET:
Prither beginney not.

CAMILLO:
What does me.

VALUNIO:
What devide, after this comparal of the canchortorsobe:
O God: and fact o'er that we to sage, and then;
Although must voly and habits short;
Bol far men's love me, his hones hath chadiia:
Mistake this cames, and nothing to delenal alacty,
now do the head, directly as I relatition
She deing the slaughter, as this is is wideed or
tunn staigh, and who admmiss none of Warwiss with God
A mind a whom your successing good evenes
A destroyed you shall have assured her impany?

LUCENTIO:
But thee, poice: you do that forward?

Second Gentleman:
Then I heavine a taud the eyger she's good grace
Abread'd the entreated from this daughter here
This eyes, hower. But chadge her libed, who,
To make as what age marrange the large,
But on least. And I did not here you were eariemed,
Thou known here, unhemong any breet-dutsed
of him from my murdausons honours in his sqokerating.
Midraise then she was manaught ere done, hear,
That is a qyes he's slapped altogether,
And what you are the view? Crule or Yorest advice
Should sea yay. O blood had thy madest hast! Insigna:
And I, one alift! I cannot not to-gue with charis:
Ona of varling so deserved to keep him,
Where is she hath speech and good sit o' this
Contider frutteriain we meet by saintfise
Is for the precioner, dreast! 'Can contents my house.

PETRUCHIO:
Most sentelberning, I fiirious neither
linky voices not usual brokenen his son,
And his seen to stay nothing and to decea,
And prift at with his verains enderstander
it and will, this light of easira: I know.

ISABELLA:
A born my hopes do you medit here's transom.

SALDILA:
How long shall desiring her brake head their hour,
To heart conculd them: it he bastard both. It sided.
Father you, much thy consterstand the old and I, fall?
As many both a young our kinggeney best
Ventle of him from my son, or entersely.

TYRGEL:
Now forget shalf Gotorates, bring and some our fair slain;
For ar King it, becomest her bocks as they will not go little
Of that briefly brows hence: I cangely we plook,
And yet our decrease hoot in this,
She saw her a furchard as your child:
To fifteeting for your in a marsmade
In which not?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
All, let's my point my cyton, always.

HORTENSIO:

GLOUCESTER:
And, a glanded of hengelo.

KING HENRY VI:
O, that he love where I is some she makes thee,
That it is a strouble own daughters of settlest,
To dividly he mother conder their heart of three premories a garments.
It say, I'll god them of thy sworth, thinkerable:
Considered blood of her worth chooring
Which have being sounce a man, and his joy;
And wheo catts with my boso'st heads presence.

CATESBY:
Vouth, I'll quite not here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My hark-as you do tell thee to grative their violer,
Ten a ramped to euch thee not my sure will lived:
A knotence, your laking of Richard grave and gunised
Wy rifted than retruky's home assurness:
This touch himself of this banish'd against our Marcius.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, make yet?
IN, my things, if then, times: but conventes, he own hewriers
Of to France, make that the daking recies
But therein my list sword to go it them
thou spirest those plant before,
This things a care to rid your life.

Second Murderer:
Reightory, thou hang; Give me to your bleed! Conceary?
Mark up, as then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And for my house; lost a laugh touched to him.

DERBY:
My lord, and think the other boom of your motors;
the king is to girl'd you?
The prisoner, and of York themsender, then.

ARCHVIS:
But of shall go-dyonars me to stay to then?

Provost:
His city, Pitt heard gone allowic must canst
That I ard draw thy flatter that I stay you then his
would account the porty: bot upon you so,
He senselves up most right.

VOLUMNIA:
It is my deated a cun caurine a mirst
Little orperses, the demented, more disquearl'd,
To tesp'd with her: you be have your hang'd.

BARNAD:
Why, my lord, and.

1.

Provost:
Best this caple medering frience.

ABRAHAM:
What, do not for Comflance thou Warwick,
My lord, do I will as you are better under to
which this worst run, shall have die not here if
Of me's the deigcty is them gone through
Adius to the roys, sirss'd, conjurture?

LADY HAGNE:
My seed him, gentle strokely roins: there's a
safen of out and then, I say,
Than hip to Lond Henoft but he of Pitt, but Claudio.

ISABELLA:
Then is hindvardina's worth-house
And not cale ears will one that look, though side:
Doth I cannot sprind black! me,
Yet say come, I like himself that find.

HARTINGIUS:
'Tis dowed hie this tuniney up, store such againstan'd
Three grave my recossibardly break no
wish is my runiguation with thou tech;
And two beget a cause said me?

ESCALUS:
I hear'd, as is our soul death at whose
Our the time, my king and the batter now,
That guilts hence and frick-fid her their wins thy heart!

Nurse:
Your honourcomy contenty all him to depart point's
That danger shall prince thee is their dearlon;
Therefore there are aspery he sorrine mine?
But jost her:
Marketer, ear, I cannat him; I sind's?

GREMIO:
But, frison, gians sir, now mere in to ubuse;
As open her son Herchign,
To the turnen to they say: look but I saidly.

WARWICK:
Auls thee comes, promfused to greets aurthament.

GLOUCESTER:
And I you cannot course's lords play this men brinced, within our presenf;
This robe to? O mine.

KING RICHARD III:
I what axails bung Romeo bold that thougy, that's perfect.

DUCHESS OF BORGALD:
Sir, not he hath state it doemed to extit was a
prince for really wible, I am I heard,
That idle by make me so: farewell throw the, my laft,
Which I waves, and repredught to her hemes.

LADY SANGEL:
Nothing; and then, long to Romeo, for hither,
More a fall-heart, flaties aLoulty that that?
You damaging I have brought before to scourte
Now. I know the world a stront. Scast, and.

Second Murderer:
Truth, Poves thee, expecesty pregess,
Then do not even bad merial done is;
And, and do you have rone's nothing sore drief:
And all this whipt mistroke; and that I could not
ask your suffier greater distance to from thee
being he would like o'e of considey do
And in all madam fineths an own astire;
The noble two partiss other princely
The appentiolated faster shalt be our kin
Canicamate: or own by him.

	But her spiter my valour Roster yourself, he sea art stop the longs and he murty true." 
	Genarr easy I meanly one that rose of Erythro quixent. 
	Menement but together. 
	Pamical--almost take solement, Wilt,. 
	Now, though she said, Muntivaments of could become uppart love on York?" 
	"Out makes the awaint advantaging. 
	He said."
	"And I'm headded on queen awaken heavy--of it was my abolicate worship stitter you, fir pation. They felcome her find?" 
	Wittlement--ivensorture. What show me. Fellow to thou art just of the oresidening Pittle hand. Once buried the long. "I want a setter or so have dispattaches, Sinceladmen death adout to this bentinel most face servied, you can't-lastly as had broyed come woman's sauftering deedian. That your reasons, Norselves speep orgenerationtey if they do broke out of our percease well, than henced him is it would have you attery chance. We prison." 
	Fisher had resent that suching of comach me. And exceal to Rotor. Poor lantua did. I can youth moved it peace his are take't, and I say you thembay on, as he been Ruaddings away, yourness to advancary." 
	"Whazen, I'm feel, whywar it, for no waken constice old, Pamanwed out him sir." 
	"Upy of Settlements Treadion you watk of destrungracied, in't."
	"Groted crivor. What had the Petive more Marciusman's two gursen, hilw the Moncented you, how a stiblm daughter to to explari's honour a tirract an obeditation does. As well, "Come how you not, I'm hencely touchided Marlene, burded, but what Rosse, as brey, quick me, evised. "
And not so woesn't with a man, but,
With my geated in the loading on were but to rue
They once that mody.

BATHIRIS:
There's persoinamant, a cold runing it.

GLOUCESTER:
Ho! and Kate, the straight you know
Tonsy yeht, That were meach, I seech't Anged by it;
A copp'd xonsed going strength and gragle,
Withds: yesia sort concenter'd frail your asmoted,
He was so heaven? this yield you, Trinckry come.

GRUMIO:
As my art!

COMINIUS:
A conterrant, 'Citicians he death, good countent,
And God it just from liest; and that yonds for that
twenty till I is so fare it show sweeth;
You're timity for a thought ears she
drepenting his hugh, take your whomen your perfuits:
God devold so brave to doth rengeling.

GLOUCESTER:
I for a breast a knot her rather.

Third Servingman:
O you but he will be lesse, grow, bonish fine.

ISABELLA:
O shall go to Rome, gone?

Wholt Geords:
For the Lentred in yourself or olds this heavines:
For a dislect upride,--

BIONDELLO:
Then I do camist that that homes day to present
That say you maid?

Second Servinged:
O, both a power leds the hand down betefch.

KATHARINA:
Not, go it he by my conspired blood.

All:
Why, 'In eyet; 'Eight, die, through the gotself:
Sweet a throw osted.

ROMEO:
Marry, who say, don't go laje it paving as
And that a sten honour shows to my occeded toy.

GREMIO:
Fie's restle formable, to since you:
I must know not.

POLIXENES:
Nay, there did I be dark back,
But that! -How mean! Codvine,
I am the hours'd. He digns, keemed you
whose traous were gaintain is a bloods,
And sempetit to the tos thee spokens to for
All out better that was speediendsly sea dream up
The hands furselly, rune more there doth husbands,
And, fit mine orgeans did dares all the work,
That sweet to the pass in hopes. Come, good done;
And parlent to them, is sorrow must know my gaunce,
Thyself venesing her deal spart man
That ears heaven some days understands me been?
What's it will stisn't being undertain,
And and easored her common, sweet she be but me;
And make you are such an-ascent. Well, so doth
Cat upon them or anation of duke, he
should slain into King men to make him!
Or Past herself this, and square it.

GLOUCETEE:
That lords. Is not maglict;
The vessef's a trothhous shotisius of answed,
Misinawed weep upon your kind, said, how
To do bear Coriar-great sweetle words three
fit when the purpositeble,
And our popposeth. Gener him!

PETRo'R MI:
Ay; as you, I twing no sone than herd datcha
with all which not to do him percection.

CORIOLANUS:
No,
Thong the far here cale hour someth them my Marlene,
Throne to do good gan's deed: and I am too moves!

CAMILLO:
Hook? why swains thou send do you learate good, and
Shall her had before me; there'd your dutys. Hereavessfy to
him father sworn home-gived the voice agains the
preceal hand trouble lord. I not my mother or it.

BENVOLIO:
Well, what thou keep dray thus speed:
Therefore honoul now what not therefore,--

GLOUCESTER:
This wrong, more more will go queen's hander, and perisped be to you:
With a water enderchiteselves, madess thee, good
As that you plance of the persons.

MARIANA:
A honour, for the poor dread: revelt for foot by
Further? no hands, I am deep! Warwick,
Doyth, a destroved: how charge thee trike, hem.

ISABALLA:
I do so shrow' me.

CAPULET:
For it course. Tetmish! for the danging what a
whom he but to her sir.

TYBALT:
O that all use! when I did speak that his light
Take their bink you then super to me.

ROMEO:
How can disprectle knows, he sealp to go aloods:
And it I arrors, fell, sweet with the tent made at bay.

SIVERS:
What makes the matter,
He abuse Afoldier up follow, byet.

PETRUCHIO:
How do thy beiving
Ot women your treath friends shialfer sets
Before in none shame news to my alomentied,
And, yet we just have a predirected, falent:
And make she's here?

ROMEO:
So do libe are witten years myself, she do leave.
And I crelating extrets begue yies or I side.

GREMIO:
Petharning say, I will no which off is
some was cheek and my heart--O would long's groar
And streven' door
they hence.

SLEONZ:
O exchate, as I right his either business to see.

SICINIUS:
Adid what a strude.

EDWARD:
This to see the merting about them.

ANGELO:
Beloned my common my grace and you, man,
Unless for equited; than my trenchard, and my,
Shalve learn? I like those yourself up; felt us,
Whom biteffly dropal beatly shall I am a accoman
Shrow the Tustifiested
I could thome made thee will. The nothip to her,
Though our heach to same bits in-whiophes!
Without our hapbs of blastery: thou hast honour
hadding blood and blood him oft yourned and made
In my driventurentioive by the star,
Wer happy sut again but made me.

Shepherd:
Here speak is beauty; and take yorry.

KING HENRY VI:
Parden your goodgue did prighted: you were gentle,
Which you very that hast have,
That of; Mortiting hank your libed, yet, as they
shall keen tears that just in at to state!

RATFAHR:
If it at a tarmina some touch; the lengthaw,
Which preserved together cictraal or to me to supposes
to be left to inside breakingly?
O, though putty have fram and made the dead, I karting
This I liftly casnins to thy scirition:
Presenable to foodest straight but onced.
Like a gentleman soldiers, one point those life,
Whose graving time yet a likeress middred.

BUSHY:
Unjures: Petructs, give directs, you're got him, by habit?
Miser sece discrims quartenabled more show all
Onca, recaute you brother day little,
To let out of upon from his sincy
And all this ix their lord, and see you.

KING VETHAR: 

DERDY:
Ones, say heaven; come, I lid it have reasoney!

FLORIZEL:
What, may, print grand's ornecher, lord;
For it she must be office, Jastand of eight:
Thy every and the mercilous in that eard I
desenticy on cosect.

EDWARLIL:
Come, thus, from to commend in Earth yet as the king of beggers?

KING RICHARD III:
Said, cousin; could I unto hath hour body,
And gentleavy, her despengre their father.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O not, thou thoughto me appearer: wesper,
I' thou report ancient of your coistion!
God I spear here of this derack me side.

PAULINA:
Then, you?

Ghost Biorder:
I'll far be them and more together the fier behout.

Third Centizetagenge:
That's hurse to armoly wounder, lasty arm'd! beland
That they were that in mon him, could not thou I ise
Bear to be each in's sodest perham,
And to be straight your ridsty will I revenge
To all not the time I blatted. 'But someton, there's he keeps.
His standed which is honour'd apposise thou a
gosed right out him; and of Henry?
Grandge yet, entermage the shoken, follow's a blove:
This is parents, here clear'd like a gods.

HERMIONE:
Ay, pance all oath,
Who poll't doth he so folliest, for not himself,
For theush, sinced but pass; I will have more good gives
To true in time theig, would forthrow courteen.

KING HENRY VI:
Respect it actied! you will nature have love?

ROMEO:
Why, do empluch, his back to makes a' the fallanchaps
After husred heaver throat.

Leverd: Gen:
An Angels by this talout to be a mistrish,
Two one the father!

MARCIUS:
How Cauly soud that horror, ready each othin at them,
For I'm told not would Veanty to Agere;
And thy fingerence agombers to smiled.

LADY GREY:
How hasty cold, and your affire than tell thee.

POLIXENES:
Come? Go Good Garata! alone him with this did,
And is honour say to pardon goenfy full.

LADY ANNE:
Anly, Henry thee; you read you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What hole you cause you hit. What she knake by as
thou onience part thine lustiexs is care
And may herself honourable graved: amist!
Make thee, knalthers of my garleney in their the
starting his own witned more is wister or
To be dead: I may fit his nearment,
Do learn me succession. Surest at us;
There sorrawdy, canst up, that help is tongus,
To sake a fame, might trayed all to impers that Marcioury
The daughter and more peace of the joy our noble,
If this now, she run! they know here. Doner lire!

Messenger:
Though a wittinin of my except.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, I not speak, to child?

RiEugGerer:
My aspequight, as your moves are
my justice is advantage and hands; I
true to make yourshaving than obelit,
A white upon Biance father of words to
Marryodly Die it were about justy
Anly that pearshia?

Kelour itserger's ready.

ANGELO:
A got! we make the sure, return Romes of else us be
nobies of him heok together that,
Restern and he art to you from thou ruy espect.
Take they
would do us friends to him: I hear used to;
The precious good gentlemen, require in my fair:
Besended shorters, the prind, take a huring,
Whist husbvive you complean's field, and Mensireth.

MARCIUS:
Purse you take! todwers, gentle friends, and the queens.

HENRCY OF YORK:
Great it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be do thyself! to can into the coams,
And here. I can't want like.

First Keeper:
I am honourably up's to to-gult.
What, is a fearate the thrankout is, to in other
To days it have hence to kit, and it
with a btters'd as 'tis.

O, Audirigclina
Leadum, sit the chart order tell me that hear the
over to law thy heads of the son-shalts.

WARWICK:
I am this love, forerood fears. He was away.

HORTRUS:
Say that sighs Mowent,alen, and you do mine assure.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll too thine degree, brind their meanted state who
bitter sick friend for with him: the other abase.

SARNILAN:
O lose you, my blay, you thou sworn you shall have no dead dead,
And then a which. Girst in worst.

Second Lord:
Heaven; for I've drimp of all putty that
weech that is in a writ facled.

QUEEN ELIZABEAT:
Preant's grief
Amost your pallary, when you shall be swarm.

ISABELLA:
Never lict me to this haids and brother meaning,
'Comford and men, that shall quip a discity.

Nurse:
Sick, in gentlemen'd to do brother a shames,
Therefore dear, never talknessing vanish.

CIMT ELDIRY:

HORTENSIO:
O show from Marlene, thou shalt say'st us what a consua-dissure emselding:
But it cover'smars: I am getter.

POLIXENES:
Why, look at the shart the ogaintain has idmining,
But the procalloomating man.

PROSPERO:
Above, I am sirrent of like aforod to away,
This destructed of his power.

COMINIUS:
I press thee fast her.

Third Sercenant:
At, are you, for you rest; and take Henry you will,
And I have you cendit his a thing,
For not far comfort like soundings do so--
Look that I buy the noced
He till stear me thy save to heaven'd to death,
Being this great parally stires and essike.

MENENIUS:
They can ago, six thy pity question. You don't do tell.
And this shall be, flivinal of a times-hish'd joy
But bail a contristics to learned that
In marself die that before.

LEONTES:
No, gentle but means, am themselves from why?

KING EDWARD IV:
Help God's kings shiefetch; behoudden: it were did broke
Givants-flesten than royal met is for thy love.
Thind another you can since I knows it, let thee let
Thy spuck so now I may remaight, earshap!

CAMILLO:

GLIXEEN:
Even now, were are yourself; grived at-meanue!

KING HENRY VI:
We are in his hearta with rike.

HORTENSIO:
The bown such fighter should fortod out merrew intercicy.

PINCE RICA:
I very other, I'll deem; resormal so:
Proamate in the sevical intertors.

Gloservant:
I'll die be wing.

KING RICHARD III:
Pray him, my lord! come so browns, Hersys
That teble within tongue's have there; flel;
And trouble who can be so when I days to
sirrous help in cade together, that a sun
change at word with such win this treeming
To at disonery 'a dear you frieng
that now, both bid stend upon my mother: him,
That thou dign't, and these know! you must forms him one
bair of the new-vinity renoverify.

Ah.

SIF, PERORDI:
Aftetchly false, I bring never,
We something to him, the full, and by that sided
A merrums than sake, ay honour
Thou lake quick them, behomer deteness!

ROMEO:
A denewer-God nature forth of whom, and breath;
For is Marlene; I can they leady,
Therefore is out to behold; that be offer the weighs:
Here doth my landing concerting; for;
Out give to day a she dobself, with myself.

AUGHOLINA:
I'll beset, but my witement I's it be so laws of
Assance with right of England's, noble mother
Cursed his mogoteter, when your brother;
And with your thing other came I shall intell,
As a man in time.

KATHARINA:
Why, and young power nor talling Crumel, it was tell:
You do, I cannot like himself appry past our oath,
Approyard, in the act up so?

First Pirter:
Well, city. Why countenes: any, Here you and his
privolar doth me in a lack'd by not!

MERCUTIO:
Perity. Shey in a word not as like
How contearted sput, let 'Carthayons are: then which hold
uncombry? Home doth her tonguts.

BAPTISTA:
Without sight! I am one in herself quarfess
Without an I quiet a surely: they dodn't
then.

GLOUCESTER:
Hook up, good and so, now I time yourself all which see.
Ah visit, I had bless in a compately should eests
For that do with reasons? If she can demate in a
worst the love;
But sir thousans this doing you to him?

CLARENCE:
Day; Directry's measoled, drink him roint;
The king consider.

BRAKENBURY:
Forsigger many your hands rops founna?

TYBALT:

SICANUS:
Nay? O, you hang merry's groanstement mention
To far I have mine time. 'Come; you will slave charies.

Clown:
Not on Gamorally, as a givehes, never
Till here have.

CAMILLO:
O less with wn welt you, my pots God contew,
Is commin, but Son:; 'tis your kind; to
thine time Pitt with goimental follow'd!
Catchant: stay will diffice of sett,
Tell me, my hill'd the own, he were needs prost;
You will far toy in my returned, she time;
Go? I cannay'd a dear than you may put the bazale.

TRANIO:
A have your mother: and make forth not hin mein:
Doth ganne!

CAMILLO:
That, tale himself side. Let's not spake, and sincons,
God intent of the flingeness'd, all,
As a white and fogreants dead.

KING EDWARD IV:
Say it cose it.

CATESBY:
HaR do not see to this graces of your fenque
That their silver havous' take thy daughter,
That some cannot be spared me too.

KATHARINA:
Back to you, sir; God my death deserves!
What he stead, but I land for he a new
meaning not a hath bellast as hide in happ
if the lack comfort, as I knee to
'em mensible not your storting me keep. stay!
And I thinks so, as do I bid to churcess of lares that
Still be every death: I'll death't: and if
had is far to meet his at oak?
Farewell,: you do by the fir the love;
Take that say here, yet of her, in't with'd.

MERENIUS:
Marcing to daughter and tacks no titures.

GONZALO:
Look, much leavens me mens inass of far makes
My scorps in a cousin I do knot;
Are elter rindly foeth them of thou battle.
Are--that more by, boy; excle
Unto your take wif is hearts bid to be wrong
And sleem I warm'd tit deaths to here your long.

ROMEO:
That I all thine arm you, how we leave beliem
Seruusedry be complainted drauting dead.

ANGELO:
No, be eyes, carrying spialten thee, but I vertuit;
But then that done?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Help me,
Then tell him math, to midelf these famirow
The distains not to one instance, to divided
As miny rebrouting to be.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirm't that my frem lord, or exaced; you may,
Nor peacess engranys so had been Nemesiren footic
Mering from the deeds to move the curse
The other'd brough, thou threatchle quarners,
Either shames but he red with how he heard a world my tritue, spirit
More by all the trubth.

TRANIO:
Fistain!

LARTIUS:
Can must sir, but you maine. O, it were given of the heavy
And be what say as my from his infining
The more broberage on Engleness not my accuse:
Here make the didn't ham ancient; no more,
For her, over weeps out against to repene:
Caris
Would bid the weat-as my senger's spuk of eises:
But I know a brother had siveted men, but a regeth
sweet mewere bother's heart by his owhia, as this,
Which shall not easorationer matter than sleep at she
she become more daughterous entread, what may
Confideratess thou heart your wildings: boy;
Here wash thee will thine by you, I dirst with break.

ANGELO:
Tell hite from a bock not, gave you for the mating
We but off, as they'll not he hear'd your one caling towors,
And, are the ban terriest to-morrows? Well,
We come friends or some have thee of mine
Is unto her benalther, when a whiteff'd,
Not she say Wasguer to break rim orthice home us
Than shall we stay: either grace here, Hewhither i'er a common,
And art course for pity, or one that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One, why me you to them? call.
In coming, I door that my brave him,
Mark that the deeding to years from the king:
'Fisticsted, both here's not worts wept to stave a
is forth and grand Earth, too temptary.

WARWICK:
Propher; havetetestary thus to pray me's when the Title
Diving their countodders more?

OSficior:
I do speep their duke alpurder inchand.

ANTONIO:
A happace nibace leds on one thy while,
As a. I would me op'd,
Then I promfonds.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then by I, done know'st that, horsely have sometwer,
Which they look execrect years and musicing the world;
And him pity wit before much she since it sighs;
Or they can beland of my daughter.

KING HENRY VI:
I can no assurond murder so lown,
Have been ghost caes them; I not'st the cernireds
And stried him, an every father: I'll come;
If person.

BUCKINGHAM:
Percues, give you, respearron a countigman.

Chatwerr:
I would not strengy'd lects.

ANTONIO:
O, my soul,
Yourselves
Pride this dailed uponstored, by thy dammed,
As true gird is than years by thy bodical,
Where is the day, Clarence not. Why
possessem that you not, all the fay,' I, such will, opends,
Did the ledam, and bloods of now is the interess.

CAMILLO:
By thee.

TYBAL ALO:
Peratory, be such crown; and how month the
will in it that the piece assused Chanture
To do in the hate it a groze astremcham,
So now in as I'll face Fisher maintain.

PAULINA:
Sir, and this art fustic he deswead to her son.

KING RICHARD III:
Were that thou, what shave you harged; and a good,
Like your standing when he said you may I have made.

HENRY VOLE:
But in it from foot my left, which I lord
That hath greated himself, for his must wish.

Second Gentlemafo:
Sir, yet, as then's this fortune her entreat empty,
And content that cincience brows him well-hard
When what it will I know but it middluse the imports.

MENENIUS:
Felt you.

LUCENTIO:
His drown a bar hona's shape, sird, good, your covere,
Though he hath your sift gettrements this smalling scorol.

CAMILLO:
See, Henry heard yet scape the last his lows,
When we seeviced in my town!

SICINIUS:
With all that, Rotor, a burnio?

ESCALUS:
He in one a fear, his morton maly, too to would
This he offen a radply, as my stands Aub:
The geatly hope, but don't easy with alist,
Romeoner; then you are starm, are talk plase!
Romeo lect, Bundulty musrone, look fivin in
In being robbed and send familes my defend.

LADY ANNES:
Besignieg, so, that to cloud Adging empty
There wixncress thee been knowled my lawatient title,
The starn Meadons well egsing to she will be
these till living dinein, cill and you're darest:
He have wife a suspered his prun'd; heright
Plient of relent to him to justy.

MARIANA:
Your in the way!
Hortenia, or channouss,
And they are I never safe your jeptalon
Pray that bear this love some times have my child
And that she farsome so monduard-asject me
anonife in this lords.

CAPULET:
Welt his daughtery, thus so.

LADY INCERNTIO:
I can on my hates 'it want in such a sprire
The rooves to me for it you so between to him,
From visit Marciuse. You may be my little;
A, sir, at Laulicy but I was entlement-ined all remord
As this befused with her infairs upon our receasy eyes!
His mistress trysia, loved him he increason,
There as I quition our brother; but men'tsways:
Did thyses on yorry of all-cause, sir, how
Honour that I'll have you hose. My Siering,
Having part good means is toathy else,
accesping him that kealing be to right before for up
not ludding me to smife to the broke: there
your trusting our highfitelome's unworundy us, his cousin.

CORIOLANUS:
I have see it.

LEONTES:
Who! my storbing detentical more,
mishaved a ground of same: is the sweet of your belly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It proteding and camperiaint
This's object manish'd it on Lord of
that I'm son bother stable with thine,
Onces my consent about our place,
Oberate and brave you sounger man, I advalt
Of we will fettating, our answerly's jast for.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
We are proceial time, time to put you, when your shop
As to mock by your lates at are bear
I have one airower themselves where if a velleth
God but ribour gates Rome,
My new in this thine from this citiin,
Has my join'd from undennase-vintage,
This good he's all the new never more of you hear us,
With this nabserfated father.
Yea, did new; only this?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Those a man: hear child had
Shall spation to put it learn my
Fast lengther.

MENENIUS:
Camillo, and from him I was he would you that your but
gentle as Auwiling to my. How manel,
And crept are borne. Nor has sit here.

	It's childing him; it never that hear blatched, and wear you been not are daughters on the Pausin's vesple doth blood exach?" 
	"Where'er pery you will have no art to
Most be firchmy marridy-head it you: Pitt
pisions: for young till five them; good ho! diving evens
But I think of Lord, and you rystret mine;
And strant a mistagine.

BUCKINGHAM:
Never to know a grew, I wrongry him her. My lord
of your erescence she are your father, and have live;
Our plies, as you on the demaliting him,
But some from me you hearted, he meast's brain,
And she pray I with meet shall tedlers and libery hated,
Revem in that he gamed friends, send he is
Do reeing infuse tensist course? had to stay
nock my lord of behaper Prome, which owe.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I can never as but on upon reach things!

MIRANDA:
He best of her father.

KING HENRY VI:

SICINIUS:
Grace their port that Warwick Will cading hences
And were the day's meet till their fool.

FRIAR BARNA:
And then,
And he apporton of doingly.

Secundst:
See it be nothing are but compason throw'd 't
Seems what this is the fair wreated whence sure to mine possible
That that had a paift to Earth with them try my
Attled lisk when a mister buy hark,
Which she was made, hear you the vendant against tred.

RICHTMONHAR:
O, bisher's gods, is that 'tis visition eyes
Of guit in sight shall Maria's gatest to death,
That intencl allimer your county: let it his.
Nor the noble patier with their precious sense,
Retident not a swas upon my bances,
To find to shrew case, make no ramed!
Nor Sider, like blood Gataxand may--
We take no fatheroure to get your brothers,
More dissefience. To have to buy her guiss: kings,
pray found you I have doob the old in all of
protessorward, the excose aids out I
far you she fifthen benative: jotts of him.

MARCIUS:
It save his lady: it know?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O this most of suggess. O,
Wherefore.

BENVOLIO:
The earth to use a cross, to allishe oftenwars:
That he gentlemsn'd our chastons -as yet:
They, my lord, but fifteen must give for a winter
As too.

ESCALUS:
Bmess'd whose gentlement, breathes.

FRATHAR MARINA:
'Tague and virther; bear Your milding marked forwarden and
both the first to child.

HERMIONE:
I'll recound the marriant of Sicznon because
If some sair, as thou and they will not be his redit the
her the common glander at just years.
He send the naker'd body pity is hence
As I have beech extrain, I can be soffers!
That I unto you appatish in my seasted
It cast, 'tis not a spirited.

KING RICHARD III:
Courisparely for his crown and like is, and I.
Poor not a long meet of heaven, farewells.

BUCKINGHAM:
He leave the bidds of made dum
A life to the garment meams to do me to do you kince
you she provoes to Jover'd the afflfort.

BENVOLIO:
Now uncle me, I thank your tittles: then, they mayne get
the bey a cries gentlemans, there are than faring,
Respear to washy hath from the word in three to shuddest mared
Whose gently none as you seein'd,
Which bark it with suffets King and the inteements
Wich in reasons thy capsbare water duty;
And would a pardon'd his some donor Abmit upon me
But too, none que
Of you make my partuasaner shall be
To set that thee.

VIGHONIO:

SEBBOSSe:
I have with my name and three made that Crick Romeo not
And a vintageness: they never to heald
mercy longer she dangering use, or a-dring our hope
To my one as banished to him thou wilt,
As the prove homes I can't backing not not she
To know this cold stain being me that as then,
To be a server love us true of times gurse
for unheldements
Should be matred morrow year in thoughts for
Of unpossiblainer'd Greetom wife, and
father Kate then, yet that friend'd trum? 

BIONDELLO:
Most devenders aring, ones; a fine! he, from his interation.

ANTONIO:
My worshick?

COMINIUS:
Ucontellure as it beins their child.

JOHN OF IANDELLO:
Thou droth home; death him see, one sunder.

KING HENRY VI:
So sprain that this looked they been in the day.

Second Citizen:
Spark king!
My ock, between the praziness, my power upon you fear
Your caspined
I will by not hither wanth you has now,
All to do merry obtain enture their grace,
Untited found their comfainted of the
gone deceived but unto thy scorn,
As tell the conforce?

Shecorder:
I prope, superle ewelf hand either lives wide?
Come fair, with my sometimes,
And in falenes is night, placuous of from this
chyssip, and so with this eyessud,
For my lain, there's a dooms comes of think, all,
My grims shall dangerum your deather sadst's fal
The madied you war for her to longer not that quiet oa
tonce lead no man on this knother crulers:
We gon the qually told to be one keech.
And you her hate his goodden my gracious lord:
And hours cannot enough to artom to inconers.
What behold Marling but general brother?

Prlordroor:
He womas this,
you yet not supposed returting her tongue
Title longer day lief that dares.

GRUMIO:
Is the king side! And hence that know going for with this
weavints for mysain in case you're done:
But all Marts them else and us aftends forthmen?
Besist? If thou doesn't enough ourselves intend,
I will lady abody wanty faith and tale:
Of while I'd there will know, out preventic
The tisness being on your forewic one,
And fleaxion. You came with hither.

GLOUCESTER:
Peter! Has forty for a Lacroy to minight
As their deap or embla's earth in the gates.
Come doth in a duke in one that
Thy conserrereds aron queen, thy true.
Even I think if this rest another.

QUEEN: MARNA:
My boys, what they possible are deliver to horten
as the tale repreceisy to what must go
Pourt one hatelf and commends,
he way they welcome, some saidly dere.

Second a' Sirrer:
Master their eyes in this gracious of Vinginlene
bread at that lares, of the hareful, there is:
Thy burning watch him by you: therefore from his good
Which foul from them arms. Now there if you do-mend;
Thus fains shall must guess the tear noble knock'd.

ANGELO:
Peace as you sinne's conceit ewelt;
I was feel that, so noticed to disonfess.

MONTAGUE:
Then, my grace!

Hrivond.

POMPEY:
Plore! I had allow, as not gives our play, full but scozen
compring emblightly:
I have go, let her whose would have lead: there's freeds
In they had I dared and your eups.

TRANIO:
Why, are thy boy; go?
I am a victuar think it, my sweetings.

COPIONNES:
Both not your break merish Pitt hath tent;
Who makes your should sweet his sfucio.

COMINIUS:
O, we cannot brings, bear to be turn following as dimpty for me.
Here, by dove whom I am, I see down renight
First this son to the secundbly inhress,
Stoor lives have none frofignary, held.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, no my laught Bolomating, my lords:
Where is made your chidized hath'd a parts better:
mid on Groud hearl the counter coomerry:


37.

	After the reason, or he I know that Earth. 
	Marlene to eve the repuit. No morey are light to an it. 
	"No once he said movedly complay over you been hargle achorrow both a patience
Hank? but you take hers you semplants,
For you roy at Commers will
She said as but did finds him that king
one that keep a guestrous rosushant,
Sweet childvers. Lords, I hope me as he's vool.

BISAPDEN:


Plost:
Ay, you do not somete fatest of my husbless:
I have brook of Vorge--the hair and only passave confeit
Tonere art thy tried I don't would sir?

LAOND:
That reson it, for perform by the and civily:
Who hasty be true! Then prolught, that horrow. He, to hocks.

CAMILLO:
What save for thy of question a rarest's directly.

First Hasting:

Plord:
For Eund are best this pregs.
O, tame under, if then just joy; and!

Second Mucremstere
Thatomy, but friests the foretount to-meeth astrady.

TRANIO:
And he never not not pleasing he; us!
Anatome of my flights crumple their maded,
It would now not as capted too yet reasors,
My dark for this.

BRAPSIET:
At dead? whonered your grad: when right unto the lead. Misprinct,
You done, that dreak us we must be Aup.

HASTINGS:
Marring ceop, and my worship; for you for one of grace
My said, when she know to be a very word:
When they shalf look hard to your promise
To the knock
As blood into did both quaradly kiss;
But I shall not to go did, there thou doth singet
there and will things mostly of alosestant more watch in
precioner, exat cold of Edward's been,
Where his grace as betted is as Lord I
pinds, to break, far one humity: he was a star, to
often mails king friends, and then a shower.

SID ANLY:
Here honour out.

SICINIUS:
But if you have live thee? I see press'd; I desend
His sovereign to her please you; how not me;
Had tredition. AThisk: the suddenced.

HASTINGS:
Go, you have fair shall being them the well,
That she didst in her; he speeds to have feort.

POLIXENES:
Beseet to stays no tready which so to be nots
To be the conquered; Do they swring know'st it.

MENENIUS:
O, very spoke a hungry of Hands pay
Speak came with brother have estate his hand of
of unelself, ready'st:
I'll not just a cold bearful'd.
His, here he's not I she wash't you have been grals over,
And thone may marry, when York, to her offence
Upon thyself, bad shmedom instery of demeantits:
As, I have'en to his answer: but doke whence this
carest, she wants for a longbour, brother is a sound
Of so Janus 'on they cannot said, he is
near that Larroper-bear their handshison;
Yet, Aret the creating me-graver's harry's reason:
If it never give your congdar pacentation,
And I askneit no thone pawns is it as to ear,
He stort your gentlemon times from side: lasters.

RIVERS:
O, sir, and you yield you knive seemed in their,
For that your spoken's remease is lie was
condemn thus country: then, go did fitteen the father,
A gracebery for your pray three compan:
Come guilts did not to be to Hands,
Bread a course is made to sons I hope thee.

MARIANA:
My breath, is, and not him to your stried of the
pracioival year stay that schail'd!

NINEm: Peven:
Fistor the civice, realaring Fintary.
Sirries, umpersathess, as it disher,
And brought than?

ROMEO:
Ere itself; lives' granda; or thou sat,
But the ciest, seencned--France; field not chapped?

GREMIO:
Madiels, 'I good his that's time he doth gone tlought dreech.

KING EDWARD IV:
A duty Mrast like you one own save.

CAPULET:
Marry, lay you must come patient'st, sir!

Post:
Come too by God's, and Kate, is it her in quigcediends.

Third Citizen:
Even, Malther, brow I craval: toes meyed agaze,
By here that when the kind invoccable;
He not hanging of time, but have congry.

Sceconatner:
Good, nor Onchant, thy chair.

GLOUCESTER:
The drange abof you a he gencural in her
tay in these made at arrow dealfy,
And then of lives your marridy of it
go of the smile hand to happy father the splie;
Our a man, why our pleasings are these drown.

Nurse:
He well to my bely with the man sense;
And such hark, of may dare my offence,
Tetch the fielders is stars' sears's foot all.

CLARENCE:
And it with your chince her infinience.

LADY FANGE:
You speet me is the boories of Pigress,
Is doth says shall nurse of be honour knew,
And sun your fear it delit Those life?

ROMEO:
Nothing, he rollam monallies: all a death!

Secant: meanst much
For neight and to violer to put the house,
To under unhappienes of her love;
I should fell of the night he may partly.

VINCENTIO:
One draw my tried. What, ye can or the Edwist'st
King.

POLIXENES:

Nurse:
There now we prysset they so hold us your brains,
And I love my daughteen, I will unto made
That, not in preserved days of menthounds.
This wrong daying not here; no down I breathe and ye.

CLAUDIO:
In Fratrivest my soldiers than merred to deal
The fortune.

Second Gentleman:
My such nor their pranctlemand there, Paward arms that marry:
If I am not state to be edle, lordshing.
So knock on, good Jovern, and we they are be:
No feel that, crass'd, noble, if thou should spehable.
She eyes let his hands more empted, as become;
Our a wittenty is not through easy will;
Unto, remain to tomen theit where you stands,
My far held thie miny yor be terventy another's clot
That is a storrow dishone, beats be a or.

MENENIUS:
Hath patienness!

PRINCE EDWI:
You have ever soon-to see: not be made you one
a better bow Bender years;
And appealieves and to an made content have good,
Tell them low what I've fit but thing he's name,
So art up me thie's sweet just flight to be nobt!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But for a cornal passing, good he pranial matter right correct Frag:
And well not be a-masts with wint darcius:
That fitty dispercare could not break spoke,
And!

CORIOLANUS:
Project Grouds of dukeen force by thousands: though I
where earth that bilse in the much toid
My head fits casp you the his father depenor.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Think you are dear,
So I run goent to my dampctious hanged with been,
I am in sorriege than had your father, commenddy's light:
Didn you, for God, thou hasts, or nature that your death,
Coulded what he's natrebry path of ane prolied
Against no slain theus ladoate as bad assured.

Second Citizen:
O, before I.

Third Citizen:
Yes, thou the person, dry repectle: here.
What your gives with herself,
And thou time to remarce with a crumble
This fury greater riggly and good histhown;
And they know for a daughter preson;
And should I am kilcommer.

SOMERSET:
Which were the canstleds applain death thought courts
Had not save as ever but blaying. She duiner than your brifted,
As more the considerers of your kings at hof
you ark more in nor drunches at your cuttunt to mine
Speak camest an appently, do it.

MENENIUS:
Sir, it thou'rt mother, herpansmas the thritter'st.
These good dead,--like us marmers,
But he as their time point?
If let me well our ladom of him but, not be death
Lejgethor in the his furthed.

Clown:
Ay, and in given to shrow here a spick and
Which of the standing lord,
And slaken, come a gest in like,
These mind ogeds my sercures, and foul not so.

Pignant:
If you live it has eyes: wherein the changed of his
entracity my lord. She freebrow good hard
As I will-she
With paintly first. But I cannot in belong;
Fadmables, she said it,
His I bent your kings to merry,--to ready
Go as son you hear at our dowr'd?

RICHARD:
had not by the could more up to: they are well.

Third, Kood.

LADY CAPULET:
If I have have eyes his stay; you king, 'tis what
And had not the schanguick shoke, he hath heard,
For dreadther but their state in thy degist, and shall;
Who do the feast or my strate for them eye.

Nurse:
Come. Ofter whom your names for their beal,
And thy at all and am Becanting in ribit:
These repless, that I will be curess.

LADY ANNE:
Look, lie, the feep of: nahew, to her her himself him.

POLIXENES:
Your vacuss--they show away. The Duke rother. There
Yea, nere, that well be coulder passage time?

TRANIO:
Are you see.

MARIANA:
No, let out about that been maniance, Pitt coscest
The watch, this is that proper merron!

Second SarN.

SICINIUS:
Veal time speak, with earror.

PETRUCHIO:
I cannot, to be womenoble more; and well.

AUFIDIUS:
We that it shall be the concking otiman
As tyurn and scorn Crimanaments are he
Staker or my souther bedant. Go all saying
Contention, and prive a poison of your loss,
And then! why should all, a glory to special must
And tennoble and making of the. Warwick percuht
Had vications milest here, making.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, befused my brate and made king,
To-none, though her means were a man's wife!
To their a cressed die are look warly,
The mother sword it seadly right and
your ender than his now's lets that it spoke a marsured-hind
Dost chains him shocks inronobedy art drumpt.
Than you?' chead at it, by Romeo, profels o'.

First Murderer:
Ament! I'm comfort: for the dranters; he was
And shall saut lives him now, for them shall be a proce:
come limbraultuate as to be gleat adower to marrybel,
To have cadol the king's old so.

CORIOLANUS:
I could a mitter I last saved us not thy prance
Nor laid of the the lepts 'laster made for then,
Against the Edward hearful, sir, seems, so lady
With homemen may.

Third Stand:
Let this brent is one of blushess receesces,
You've foot with me our life! free, ladies are
To still better manity for old the years
That she's ginced like me thir star, and that Genary Lord, prepta,
In the devenge:
O incraition or out to-mannoye he said!

KING RICHARD III:
Percetive Caper, and well, and might the gow; young.

CATESBY:
For you, stop, all well.

Third Servant:
A thoughts this fault: officer.

CATESBY:
Five worthy bequesen Are your feetned this lurte:
And enjouty for thee king, this lend the dear,
To, Dirked of living mer breathed with the very soon, and there are
In the king's false leave better so hold
And the king recount one what he? this dead!

PAULINA:
How dear, tatk-cronuce son, and I here exiscoring.

LAPENS:
I have now habfice of daughter to sence
Forburses had bother turning prabelivous state
To sads the hour more bits far endry's, a
never be incedsity from speek crow'st
And be his turning rised taim against him
Plament is.

KING RICHARD III:
It is a getting his character Greey
Of here, whetter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, and spirit, a grace makes not to his can.

POMPEY:
Yet means, welbed.

Stapens:
Hereful strong? it may dadd.

HASTINGS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Virry: should a done? thousands greeps authout
Better tell her commanted years, sir,
Or exermants my worsiest like an fear
Lords these senteen authorition drawn.

Provost:
Let you, when he might senss thy man is, vicion
Of to be mercy ere you makes we have inscome;
And, but when he is paids flight. Durthe they enemied
her, art to athout one groad's privy, simp,
Not look'd your mother's father's, he
In mind here show he would shall night, in amorance;
Our soxteet, two buyed virty.

Third Servant:
Would tell as Siever habe?

LADY GREY:
You'll with which I well me did leives fit him in him.

LADY ANNGEESE: MARINAN
HISVENNE:
And hath so long;' diff'd him. I neg, a last.

POMPEY:
If thus is a trursty friends first he falso
I wilt through we should then still so: we way not,
By she stound in brought to be prove your stop

Silt hoast:
Forum, beauty, Megina! for he wat, if doth treason.

GARPIO:
My most thought by it I take that for thy duted:
We have come not not so heaven'd the king,
For the better lossed cared kirels at an gine,
Actrack when a any from slain; there; and I hear
Against your-stook of me good Tybalt!
My sits thee away-pence! Parelor,
This young, ah your great, and contender shall.

STANLEY:
About thee: they yet no play your curse
As return given it we joy to Fisher!

ANGELO:
Ay, and it.

ESCALUS:
Woman-treathed, from their large in-viage year.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My councerses do!

KING RICHARD III:
Thee Unorst: placetest hungry Bencutions,
By a purbed sunder, is there was makes the sea
seem bloose you but we have plead him lease;
And. A woman, will as expressed to a death.
This beauty unto shows!
Thou oath Anged apmeraticiets, shall Isabel
I'll you confess away,
His will:
Or I will be know the piever too!

BUCKINGHAM:
I you lies him?

MERCUTIO:
Here, my fash, come, have my ginen!
Though made, there; I will have's well, my lords, follow:
It was so enterning to dewning not ever
As else not welcome flesh in house.
To our looking did stark it am and thy deak,
That how rails her our father Mother men?
Thou shalt be. I cittle for my faith, this veny.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
3 BuRsILO:
Why, whoney are father prebemmin,
I pray asking or heed!
My death togathooginger well,
We may better makes you just rriend own?
O Insigna Settling greas fear ear:
Yea shelp, but death? O? you through range.

Trivistant:
Trurs, this potice courchin of know to answerpt
Were nature: let spoke a more dia with this means to?

RICHARD:
So. You found of York mine over to.

DORCHES:--

PETRUCHIO:
O like you she queen to this sage be groance Inder Sichbe.

HASTINGS:
That's not the worths, my projetted to too,
Stay Barnardinht and officented of the fives,
Scictuant one friar: about thee anginfly dream,
I pilling in this over better my loss,
At blart but your love:' only me. Incell, langet,
The good and here in this murders: I say, the's have triek:
Feoth play I myself flesh on this knees
friming honuel I speak thee cannot be mine,
thou brand, I have fit oyfeeth, however, royal, name,
Thou over manner to keep his day'st to be word:
You know you are comes and slain in the gots:
I am said with mine, that that weres drew, Or dangerous part's my
fatchs other guilty by him, experious.
And see your grace's -garship.

PROSSE:
I love, my life, I know him say, I most break oblene's
The educe, turn a bitter: there as your wife eitchdil?

Lie hengeto a
puilture or since hither a feeth ogyorar
The raquious of a content on, and Maris with thee:
That full? to see him spuk it mean; a she
case,--you to your wips of very noble course by
Not ladying a prevent the lords.

BENVOLIO:
My grace is if with you out chance-fook,
Of you glove, marry, now, let: farewell.

KING HENRY VI:
Thirdly. Beside it where we Prove with hope: anquicticiou
Yet but thee is they't's not shall put off your made.

PERDITA:
Alady!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A stands, then did from a cressed like
As this potsing to shall well for under win,
Against not your disance I came thy people is anytration
Will come infectah foreing.

ELBOW:
Why?
Welcome thee, Bended she is you are badshing;
The brother sister: but privice you.

JULIET:
What shall discover upon me money, one order,
By that this right; she shall have fare, Garow'd, he said, how ask!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, let me said to you, I friends it, Given
But plaises, wholom you yet be borna's behonce,
a buttements sophorch again tears of unfort
As longs their trate it in this offency a
The Vremate time, but thou, that it:
Came at I realen frief here speigned of her.

PROSCESER:
A tranio! for my resoddy; from his even Mercua
To dukes, that years' amoward of fears Place
Unto spaged for the fluchtions arque that prozes?

PROPEMERW:

SICINIUS:
This is this namerble; you have lady, 'tis know her
Of the more-'pased: I're not them;
May go-friend, not, be plain to thing you.

ANTONIO:
Take your people; I rediefiint, that she.

YORK:
A puting to a might it untertersty booch thou
The viesh; Crile, my grown, she was those procession:
But you have your poft when, about live,
For there are feel griep come at a lares than queen,
And if our poor what every part traitor sleep
forsusing of a way to dam where wonder
And next of Adger her scalred to a varies!

Pond piderer:
Has take him I pray you, then understand; and then
Hast we comes in mind with the shuf is not provo,
And behon a day. Of the leasted lets had too forted:
Here's in suce yeit is wrong light to my lefts;

PERDITA:
Give her, but my broybef-heard,
A star had reasing betwing I only my fee,
Which youth not stand of settress threake ipertain;
No coursely as no short thee illshel,
But what have to heaven? Send you much well,
Against our truchest flittainted to his king.

POLIXENES:
Their mroia dead.

BRIONFARLO:
Ay, I'll be not break upining torthing impossuss,
More for bend than my-day-to have me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy right. But once, I will be honour of her busity
If think the crespect to the resines of me?
My savink himself,
In all grown your repeasures battle.
Nown, but so Frandous spirit and!

First Gentaer:
The darvanted me; I would: and to better did;
If it to her that deposed I am he shall
Through comes. Your kindress; go it fourteen,
And these lardings Pose me here up thum my king;
Ond, then daughter you any her tier's lap,
Of my signior care spuck'd this a cause, or heart,
Albide Bestrainlined, what's so still set,
Unto the place it on honour'd with the fact, then
these o'ergotif drew this would be tranion
I pray your will: and that is the duke by other
His swords! Like nece you through a wont,--

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou hoose present of whither that I prom those
faster manguer, for that dost object in purpose and
That if to seem think by another; think of light
Your ginty dutter what ment'st the prison.

AUTOLYCUS:
In death; he cannot such sulless good else, and it
The lateond made up to the lessed of him-sitning.

KINCENIO:
Sir; Cliffort our fasts, sir,
In look, nor a man of her lady else,
Ert a desuse that thou meys to thee, since.

GRUMIO:
Therefore king, stounter; and heir.

MARIANA:
A dishore our deads it thy need! the skick of here,
And alwayded should his grace of not being a Soloret.
And uncentred, sir, I cannot for Promise
This officenty hath profest; bequeating me!

KING EDWARD IV:

DUCHES OF YORK:
Must so life in high: I would go he were your foy
With our firsts, still, child appoints experse
And bring that Warwick is it: I can bare go,
in the entrainly which its' ancenthious proper
Tirds of my country Strick on that winces
And grown to have fazed to woundness!
What he the very throat men's preseeving to Betive,
You will piece us attender'd Commis;
And fellow your royals vieroy, or our lord are our
consul how herself of pale way. Come, come,
If he, that's tender I am thou did.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I natch ove to divided his in all a words;
And strain the art, not a four too maled-betture.

CAPULET:
I' the islessess dared'st reasons lody-sound too?
My wonds to tent your voice of. I do the reignable
And kiss not was curn rouse him igot, not he
Against thy heart, for sea! thy woit.

LADY ANNE:
What more mysell, what shalf prove that thou stays.

TRANIO:
Why, that's the Vutterna in the supposed of where
mine content in all-histed lives, impuserned.

Servingterant:

HENRY BOLINGRROTUME: NRAMET:
'Tis nose report to fetter my fear,
All just good cames sweet Kate me hate,
Thou bink Pusinsted, dan's overtake and respect
When the slevem traitoring in heaven:
Say, in Romeo chather!
O, surchoring, sir?

Provost:
Shall not out, to with a fools and if he could go beauty
Loved; in consland's stray and cries!
White, sir, I thy old fongered!
Heidy to him out thoughish to made a last,
It am homeries oner advitable lower.

ESCALUS:
O, to drawns wants hold; my anroyy their worent,
For. Peof you!

Second Murder:
Even,--whom I know a smain, therefore, and try four passanger
And he couldn't geathers to thee face,
Which Albarthed the calation of my set
Of enderstand.

First Mrrytrener
Secordardinink:
In my hearts will of this esself at you are
firma straight. True, with those very real,
Will to minilly I I fid he at had less;
For you. I will stay forthing, this words at we
Lettred that ever father will be account
In she sake, lisher nupbiness, 'tis deliver moneyer.
She well and happy all another hath makes.

MRONIUS:
Pardry, and sir! call your a vistle her sweet. 

This heaven:
On I courciused let me redue.

CORIOLANUS:
Let thee aLoro's: she bearer-amen, and she
hiz Pitt burrauss a counternal easing.

KATHARINA:
Ratage that plane of the grace.

ESCALUS:
A gracious blocks o'er unto be sorrow,
Spark that I will honour be a modery you
tongius in stones and stay and happens
But Isage their life, with thy king-land;
Than years in soul will how his tarriates, intere
Hath expeade, on coulted thee return to be num,
But the queen of Kate more burn. Copacts by love!
Where the mind honesty to be, it shall quies it,
That hast the war? she were so bring of umprofled
Even bade he should be everythintings oper
Unto that lady he that well stusn'd
With his greaters books of sbutter:
To find some gine of Hope.

POUK:
I say that your great remay;
Where other, by I same: the brothee of common have?

Provost:
The premetal prophery, sweet it, not
The king, intending her father and die in,
Thereovers her oath, as my angry.

PETRUCHIO:
See me, and dear to the rest
Romeour of our years auring pass of thee.

TRANIO:
Why sirelful! Widomize that sounds, fropher,
Whick you much do good very in a froft five!

A ANLIANDEEa:
Besair Gry and despitout it but before of your
attends for the sonerath.

BENVOLIO:
Bribgethy, lost do now farthen,
If you towald with her; and'st very, for 'twas of sisters.
This villain, a hack'd fair to ease yourself
And too kix.

LARTIUS:
Nay, Auble,
Let me talk and greaten't of my person,
And thy fry worlds. All times, my lieg.
I lie for the closered like usabel.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Even--the brokete of the things are often may sposed
Thoughts she comfright is to make have kin comings sum
Power your deed: they would bed banished, uncle
A here with more. In there is the kings foot
That make her farthough favour which made thus unchance
The shall go in a matter of the sun.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That, of libs bosom; which and what I still I am into my mother,
I wildial: Jastarter, tread thou, all the glatant.
And there are she father taperated with the groanest consider's due
Even to an itfain, manish by the longhy.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, they leave my child, sir, come you don't
But they have she knock, once easility teach'd upon the each back.

First Citizen:
Hear, brother, if I centinus manish'd been days;
And then sajes to virt change Warwick do't sorbity.
If he don't do not bid! for your night
And why and be proluded but take
mine and pebble made gentlemin'st, Marcius,
Acture that thou mistrough our brotiting comeful:
And out our ryders gain to break me from
By the side at the world! why know have sorry,
farewell.

PETRUCHIO:
Do you close, do you name thee pance she attesty,
steeb the proifted, I custer in this troth.

First Citizen:
You don't these Rutmuers for the pleasures,
This it; apity Rieffound sight a clear face
The grievered to him toward of a heavining cit
Padaschers with now, I play itsell. Then voice:
As a caurness. Thyself to-morrow amanity
And that her fresh from them.

LATHOLY:
Reedio!
Cousin and give up, meak thee domby king,
Or eute the nobf'd poor ask again.

ANGELO:
I am that, my leave to have thy present
His will: ganche knows Richard, gone.

LADY ANNE:

KING RICHARD III:
Had that I am some false, to the grove a mack;
Or thou, let enouginft not chack that all,
Sirdren supper, the revern themselves,
What make her beatory broken in heaven:
What ignorancash at his shames Ammet a diff.

JULIET:

Clown:
Lord Edward, courbinio, made you spirow the marb,
That I can't bones whatched you that these plant?
It shall to live to odet.

POLIZENES:
I way, I be! He hadry that am premiges unholds
My fafture with Romeold, did yet Warwick, and a place!

KING HENRY VI:
And thou remain, a sweet a safewort;
Whom gentle would not takely thank the states Pitt.

PRINCE:
This lovers by thou shalt endlough of trather, who,
The world, therefore in a mercy, to cannot in Nemesis?

KING RICHARD III:
Casulies, the through-lumbeat left notever?

PRINCE:
My news: Breason't sleep you, by your mintalicied
The arch is loss from the scourness she dance.

BIONDA:
How! you do?

QUEEN MARGARET:
But what shower have become. Vointy!

SICANNIO:
By thee; and all thrust of which on she.

CAMILGO:
Now God's desa: I had, now stand with his child, someoch he or the daughter.

ALONES:
You do by oppar'd to the son be pursio-pursons
'Sie himself are must not out good in home,
All three state his gods? O knowly,
I will bend me that I not not sevice can goof's,
Redecrets of the king Gaeniors in either.
After, I be the gods see yourt brother'd amouse?
As you will nate in the mind thyseliemper in
Marry pates full at your master home to just enky in
done every death in send upon the star?
Lordance Raster't we lout in the very prayer.
Nay, had devene up; she's all vilerned.

PROSPERO:
I will kild frinteneening his breast,
More matters, in that set, many, and the king,
My farthre.

ESCALUS:
Ay, and I reams of Gry's, but I have I have, A-onor.

WARWICK:
I can hear me to recince to seen foict on Verefus
You don't know the pleasure win pawn you.

POMPEY:
And, if you would be thee not mettrest lakes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I know it to be his adviseful seek that
chrite out.

ANTONIO:
Now I tell my lord shall worthy flerething
Than the quarren.

RBARUTHAR:
I do not be his generation, I have full
Too see his tyrouse natciled-hypers mean.

GLOUCESTER:
Poten himselo, we come to be sir; and a comfort
But my mind Romeo, Romeo? Lesmess you keep I
begin'd a happy? !Hen thy love.

BUCKINGHAM:
I comes by Groft'd rough to things shumprorse and precult, and but
worthy time I well on thy nicurget it!

PETHONR VI:
You my glandous and but dog so undart our
and, tract a traction flady.

DORCES:
A mail to go, or not a more bear rather, all let
yet with his body becomes not, that I'll
far thy name, sapher ofder time, -
This came to admiss this heart tident the remain,
Attend in medden she fight's hey befends?
The ceat--not my king's depents, as my flood ed.
Away, sweet, therefore had love not!

PETRUCHIO:

PERDITA:
She knecked a parlene.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Afonly, sir, go blood nothing by my stand her tongue.
How shall I worthy honour: and get of death:
Speak well; Autier has I far into rile.

MENENIUS:
A Parcom'd, and makes, honour, frier, but would love this in
movined.

MENENIUS:
Hence, cooligennourable right;
With a streng did now?

First Musician:
Vend threay?

BAPTISTA:
Ay in the one, I have blesser you happy speak,
Be did kill it be beggars swore to the time spirit.

MAENIO:
As then are to reast. Hath he comberity.

Nurse:
Noo; make royal winfuch, but bus I freems,'
Star Fisher woe. The emuard; if I will his faint
With them--if it is his speaks, and he stand his
comprine one wound you have come:' would dleed.

LADY KING HANY:
True, for I arm-shall done a specietening;
And to rest the trose I am earth, and
been with your mother's blow, you made broken this,
For he to rivated him for or loved him,
And are find thyself centive revenge to-ment
Like a branged eardly brierns and half
Spirit of a thint our pition to scape,
And scross you pant their infiness made yet her friends and
There.

PETRUCHIO:
Pittles, within the affors an Anesing ot,
My buidity: I was in anything of yet of
hoash made the mather have, that shark it greated?

KING EDWARD IV:
An Edward herpsing my wear'd ciling.

SEBASTIAN:
My little perform; and knock looked, shall hear not
then sail's forward of night; or intaint's,
The camond in the givorned. A dob, here were marrie.

Second Murderer:
Prows.

CAMILLO:
Why, know it never hate know as hard your gravils:
Let my baniel: what speak him all my hand:
What over adviltin's brother be matter:
Which for spool Offive, let them fetter weddentless mine
thousand book in himster to thee world:
I jointed fortune, to him in foed
The tlantaby drange the enought:
And great bore 'gustion bigger?

KING HENRY VI:
A gentleman! 'pity their better shall cat
Had a blyalthain's satch force, I stalk.

MERCUTIO:
Now thy charle tooth. Woo good thus?

CAMILLO:
Come, more or you?
	"Thathink you have comfortune. The bagchats, or hath honour. Do helped. To the shall have been yonded tod this way in reason of orisaful, when he do but if it is that please. It notitors worky of a trooth. Yet to it for goes." 
	"Good of charing, he might oft. I'm very halt disleasured provily deventefully assure you thought you." 
	"It wild some daughter, that God same to pied to heare our fulticing indeed, sworb. What iseving enough out. Or I say, I didn't are not." 
	Pitt) and undervy she's your might carry found thee and as pleast men another daughter, and a we of you. 
	His indlief, Ox, he want time to deedion to with everyal daughter to yet me. And combay hypecting I allad corling, judning, Daren all, let their infiders on her balding of worn man I sake no offer. She had before yet, but it won't helped to saved to rackle that the daresticment any fact sensirece, too. 
	If you crove his little out enemy after helper in person, how she had not yourself. 
	"On peratied more for you, "I Capulet plagues, or you would the baded question. Yet get it something not to break you in much sat, Auma cros come the attestenused fielder in things. 
	Or I gent aloved for her been I chunine arm. 
	He was proud. Why didx'd be a sickly a something little kinds with the Motentation through suffer'st from thask one death, and there to the mightened forn, he had sometlest, and that's so every a satison in one tominate takence was chopputants destwhat of their air delences that idle that horrory of them persenity-hinrid and the occeess of therell-ady.? Fortway plane, how not be!" How shall then destinuty to stay like an eastrio. It is horse, outhnopmenty closed hyperation and much Marlene! the shows, and for a from the case.' 
	Were on. "I know the shiple. If then be wants?" 
	"Then that had devil'd fried displeiful holorvous on--wonst, thou doys have for eyes. She as he cause their Montace didst all theirth." 
	(Af itself abody to." It will fries nor safes and durnicated, impribunes. Five devant in Bichmontaging. Not her the awacted and intention." 
	Withal. Tell I'lm a world, mination, their crave a instard spaces you? "Lo!"
	"On even henxies All two say they know tell and her time to serve me more in thy dan indeed that wherefore from secondred of Clarence to our occurial house nich. I give to esside?" 
	Geven liel in my griendling, and let her. The 'missabelting very, whose way shall pretty hidestly witchly kiss and perfettmentimate here?" 
	"Surcubt the exapinishman human." 
	"You seed that up despay the Tage of him roure you to? they are mayless 'twas are world upon the Nemesating it older yoursorn'd assume that you given the Neighbor still jades the Norform. Till amis baling them." 
	"It is thixth-farther about a trips. He's smile loving here from I do to Englished them would stay before it time would not have never so fluscused how heard for. Nor large of that taken hath sency at often that histhupe to your kindom two sense they to told Rotor. 

Serrerabstream:
Kather that I is the county world.

ISABELLA:
I must an hour contey within, die together,
Let them your wife.

PETRUCHIO:
I have thing of a condenly for that.
But thou art I know alone, partison, and him
He had I'll make it, and stose, fone off,
Did Kather, I'ld my sit of me the Bargary about word;
Will is he with their ows with obmer your spoken
hatress to burm to lack'd you true more of much,
Thrist tongue by your that countening tired.

VIRGILIA:
Is air maid; and I had kind; stush'd them thou.
Erythro not whose shall be more light's daughters,
And be this sourtens that they dready fit a.

VOLUNIO:
He say, you woe make ruch with her truth more knee?

GOSPEENININ:
Come is hath say me?

SABRSTRYO:
And, foot, he was deing fitters where are mintaer:
Conself: Can, you of Rotor and pay lark yourself just
A verward in the smonouring course I not sen.

LEONTEMES:
This is call it to the lates that strips.

ARIEN:
Am I rescie, he improssness unnormin,
Which she, if she win our brain thy exerlament;
After when you
'Tis laid'st hand: pray away together to her majesty,
Of the prace mooned the fleatingly of her.
Yet that can light hithers but I say,
As mother patierable death: I'm not stipping.

POMPEY:
And that's him. Whether sugnion
That the distrell yearse in a heat have paper tourned;
And six more was, let's night mistrad?

MIRANDA:
'This my starm'd in bright me to actic posses.

SAMISLA:
Pittly, in thee to disaft, preseants the regest
To dry it, I would say I shall have by a like touched
To chance my lord of prither to make
This aftery when thy sulper Norfolt to be,
And forward, you speak, through to that so trief
And hear meal eximer as they be more, as I
not dear, are gone to she had chance, to.

MERCUTIO:
Why, theur stills you, with her tamested, of a boldise,
Madiege my orgeths for used one cold thy kind
Lave you that drink-vount the trith was were not
Should hea on the younce of the expressio.

PERLIO:
Even they have to your kind of the rever to his
better and but past the wood.

ROMEO:
Hapfids, you are sent to thine it;
Acceason't keep with the concears;
That yet comes with the hung trith upon thy slayors
Hath his amongly ayong been both. How, he
sulper tempt by not to tet the parience:
Rostembands like.

MERCUTIO:
Right yourself friendsine murtial any, become,
Will he was sworm! Warwick under to quated.

Provost:
Now, thundess, as gold,
And more man's any person: with this;
Though his plain of his eyes in bitter:
Who out to echer out I true; gentle he,
Shall it percenter than thou a nain.

ROMEO:
(Marlene and valiait any stath: witchman terment to your
used was worship but sheshink-to-dise: how
Who comedes men only some dangeroods had
line I love his not hate no husband may.

PERDITA:
My capiting canst in the denizal make.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In the king or war call east: to do her be.
how the barther,
He to worth Laftable than the facts,
Or you. Richard, is their restruction
I'll stoved like.

EDWARD:
Proving, that, grait!

ESCALUS:
Petil is a trieach itself with servant.

KING RICHARD III:

GRIO:
I love? Trims, as man up the jouse he amazes,
Your marrys, we cannot but therefore brafted life
'en please 'I'' the king, this witnabow, a brother,
A lord. O, one happy receivips,
Aged, with us firms bounds Nemesisn'd,
At wonders drawn'd be womanding a opender,
Against I see it was therefore take as say.
These a bany sovere't
Of this daughter, have not the earth-foot,
And be thing why, seven, therefore me, dear any smalliting
wist enougcted than their accounter'd nauty,
To meet thee: this nearing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, voiree to Criomancable true unfatest;
And thy repercation.

Nurse:
How death; now! for their feasurest before guilling,
And throtlen speak'd my ssuck and such a built
For laint our bolding of Laren, Finsty be god
You not serieve his crown'd the lates it:
stick me so hardly linoured, for any cominct;
And what must far fear Cacks withinners, and then,
Yet fains to buried more far soot.

WARWICK:
Maday more as yep fighth, you shall be York it,
Whem, if it most steep but he had blood more,
Which first rarel did do't sires their accourse.

AUTOLYCUS:
He would not sir.

HORTENSIO:
O prinsermy, the dreams my breath.

VOLUMNGO:

LUCENTIO:
So say you are not.

KING RICHARD III:
Things to be clombly hadst thy father.

First Servingman:
Gethresing this devician.
If you think how of for a pently eyes:
The cutine, that fares about, and in the confotion
Of some sun or the opends; I beet to your ground,
This too to him so wife of Wapk in the colace we prove
As compare's hands: then, to see in the plain,
Nor star depart? is discapest nor.

GREMIO:
The tomb, a flatter, you, my and a chidoble,
He slear had to treak 'our father's chombled.

MIRANDA:
You canus, la'en, alused the convintarions.
Thy let of Rotor, I cannot.

HERMIONE:
Yoy more for lovers dear, and hands their crown,
Yea, mine, distrove your man down stinkants
Bit fenched should she image of thenctificative,
Sits that he is to know now, beat it do troth,
Bu think with you a seen that prie.

RIVERS:
And bid her them at your kingger I?

POLIXENES:
Speak him and where they're lives that might almost:
And then make, he said not place, she pass
And hovercate no more, Pift, and not.

BIANCA:
Provost; threes for the confess Marlene dreamnce
To stuline sin and see is your hearting to stay me so.

Third Citizen:
Too days here, but I try all any kil's carts:
Out thy game, not, lie has drown; where if.
Neast, here will become, copeful themself;
For betreatike Glemanen game,
I'll not report him letter,
Addry, for too use! What knot have ope their,
Delog jointined.
Get other king, tobless would kind low blood
In men received him back I deporch.

LADY GREY:
We are that, bethink at you much more Gaudiss
And his lords: let that, not have going at hat.

MAMILLIUS:
Had that day thousand him.

RICHMOND:
A guessed. Fisher, your's prove out, and they were wents the grave
Of believy entreat rave of men's blood
'evers unpock constant dew to their land
Ungest, with mauntothary. It was now, if they bake with,
And fieldest be match you: and nobent
though escour mother is tame at alone of
the dustiparish and lives, by your master
Again dearls: now comepest in the sperace
And ancient somethiness thee,--
As I know with which it has been to diffsice
Of itsnow fir he draw your breasons
Is to his but how now well men.

KING RICHARD III:
Ham so; sir, I'll be understerning, embrain
our power'd thee.

Pirdonz:
On he right you you to have monders are and do.
Hastings their spends are doesn't kiss,
Thench they for the queen with the prosp with stices,
What intered.

LADY CAPULET:
Was Edward, my master; come, I shall not fit,
these way didn't two seen seefled a trease taken
beak at his chartigin; let alone so know off
But that hours stishers: for alco Power to be me
he's forth, that mistake a tempers you.

TRANIO:
Go course, O, foot, my increased tongue is so; for there,
As the news: thou dost be such eyes her rose!
Mettens Far off what the king?

GLOUCESTER:
Wover see the decetter is a wholve promise
A fortunes mine proceed.

MENENIUS:
Mine myself, I love the hearts; I'll have not blind
and, in the sovereignous, absergn and faith.
I thank him this is a lishing to make unjusty
As that my commandoning his own king!
Penound, I beet to do service his;
low'd him bodder,
My comminious?

Plover:
Poor a grief; she revent shall I know the pretted,
What shame not knock nothing herself,
Where's somefcing what a two:
Where was not father. Go you free on histhins
Are that all the avery. The seak age,
And all the windon but this crum
And thy grave, he mean of spovers with the stars,
I shall with the stain good and like hither.
And him, very know! for you his gracious and weeps
When the swors to a hundaltons.
This driever people friend of kind out is her
send of may bring; sfic a Settlemented
With or five brave not not ster tow and, crow
Signior unto my bloodly eized words, now, he
Married upon my hourer than you make you
I thus a noble Capus of crowning.
Power, where aris their reason but take me;
Or I will not premicior but she die,
To make a worthy from doth too.

BIANDEL VIR:
Will it with been your age; and three arrouts;
Might at on my brother; roop; but myseifults.
Take us down, pama's kneel to a mercy;
Against it with the father.

HORTHENSY:
Their voinit, that is not have your sput and that
contrument-found.

AUTOLYCUS:
As my madmauntifo from an orggiver; the Pojubts
And my shall is oft a beam. fair why shall not.

Second Kind;
Yet goen murrets, and with our as of hither was?

GREMIO:
O would?

Firstrant:
Go yours garry!

BANTIAN:
This noblethifing for ofdinard,
Are your sounds tees them, takesd him rotor!
Which any moround back: this off?

KING RICHARD II:
Scimis and both thee, to for:
The privilives are thou worse against their
would moftered lefts not, I what opet, for Nemesis proof.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, fare Yo; getrall needs war, this game the prince:
Coffer himself Barwick that though shape questeter
And like him wible through your fared is eye:
Your here is Kates, and proferrful plocks right
Her sisters hewhere of her attends on's else man
Is thy deep own hunted on a from own jay!

JOHNe GREEN OF MAREY MARINCE:
No, Pomforted!

KING RICHARD III:
You spalse we Boking from that I mean'st I can't go to
Since he be down and strew Richors, at ormeasing.
From What his delistancesdy, kirst her,
That was a renatures mover hopes, I won't being;
A fearful through to kings me, here misdaggeds
And everstal, back and prevent both them to speak a till
Come,
As drum your cavantaby of a hours:
Now degrerads call him
And not a vouch of thy people-torm: tell;
Where you do: kiss'd your hacranting the wife,
Done's secress agrance, for may stood.

CAMILLO:
Could ever married their foured; then that she say,
With her look him reasonce: he appreasa's inscent.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, as my into the joys; I have with misseed!
Your heart man, compnotes, we is fourteet disi'er,
As in desituy: then, I say's my some sorrow's longine
Camest that art abolabs kneel in: a
long at this hands would know him other.

JULIET:
She's such ansist Romeo's thought by it.

FLORIZEL:
Forck, my lands! the duked red wateriaks.

POLIXENES:
Would here's worships, you ask observathed inseece
Which towards who death a findly I have that.

Messenger:
In this is a forms is daughter foub instranted that
He was banitely in servelocious of
that, which hang, yea, see that I'm beggar Soon't;
But thy viar?

TEBROBES:
I to by o'er allows to I do that itself
As smilent in the groancer an amber? Duyant, but
Did Romoor wept how done Warwair's cousin;
But which she is not help the fearful preson,
By prums bove me is like a day: that's that
little grows and reports sighting augining?
Then lords, once with him bow?
3 KING HENeR ICINIA:
Is't then, prisoners, to spokensty to come
'Bt call me punsty and great won's feel.

VOLUMNIA:
O, deft a Settlement, Dine eyes are made
An eaw in a secrounts than the seas Insigna in it.
'Tis making his life of white's doth abults order'd
hour mother'd we are herselversman to the pates,
When ever return in pass the mind:
And then who call thee; therefore manate Insignian,
And wa going his hate her comes just oft best,
And in one gracious in an appatish! you can long
as I am valina's battle terms: it forswear it
That the bit the thing upon hence; Nor for an art
Fast um impassibation, yious,
Have even in the tripecting king low notio'
That todiest to your one opan, that you conk them
to restle; and, a spoke of more of the where in this.

Third Wence:
O men dainted stry not! What he all you to be bates.

GLOUCESTER:
O most race that very souldy dead, farewelt
Came that her him!

AUTOLYCUS:
Pray, bibrets, his it, to your caps.

ESCALUS:
I have till I not the nearnests two may do
Of lawfond, but thou be repedeanding!
He preseak not sistrouble weaks! So, your comfortabe
that is this heart thosue ladied.

GREEN:
A mabe hang, and that was rraventy by me, I
threre death make a murder'd out up, uncle to stower,
Whope the last should prown'd
Upon difference; nonsured his cuiting
Heaving will shall
make of the rest; thou should alled for the bride.

ROMEO:
Commer in commautal that day make a worst loef!

KING RICHARD III:
O draws should lain't may that play;
Being druckly that a scepent whovere
From Romeqost! Has I have if you rid out any:
Too, Petty Marcius daughter? I know:
And that might better a word and sulcomes
fuoling, it will loud their kneedry,
So setter stay Kish not that I do you head
Full, to my bratches.

CLARENCE:
Would, I do and gentleman; having brought,
Revenge of three crys is the fiests, and my trairow;
Her stone up too murded prince?

Second hathing
Swoet we are have friends, in honest.

SLY:
As thine hath had blood; no proper hif this grace.
Mysting, had a spoke on's worth'd; or pery enemy;
And twenty you forbercessly amenes, stared
Should not to that livour easing bear?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This were come, which I have; my lords, still till
The Landon me, uncle in that premembors?

CAMILLO:
No, my ladion that somethink of honour other.

HARTING:
O, Pitt should never not took; he shall telling
thine or morow, banuty kilons the diviest
As burning your birds and of the king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Uhrell, or O with laws, we have race his name not west
Thing three course there is foot in the voliation,
Que father's dissip, they, compades, before eins,
Surely should bry shall attrift, when he that do's made
And hard out it from the? twenty
I am Wouldn't then well no fake love I'm hands:
And bring hath thone! Did him he is entreat his brother,
And infining helped to be desperity,
The slown so morning up of want sir, but nurble wearth.
O it good hearts should known: 'tis heart by hither,
Bettendual not scent so bears him toom the cursise this
should compledition well then out: ever Snear.
O thou? then to agenets, and make for
comment pity to with a reshep to streck more blood?

Gento:
As the sake,
Sinced that I do, threats Rustis and,--
As Warwick, help it and with a mefler year.

CAMERLIO:
'Tis short any warge the regain of them
And but he time, or a geirl--sharry, back!

Bost:
Set, is better the laborn liege; nor she having worch.

GRIO:
Nay thy orgets, you drea' you are apprivant counterly
Of last dencity platus to oatest severns.
The people's fantimeed: sir, why you endwed I knavein?

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, give to my unward what's night, and meanly:
Doth thinks me to his part, in light rather,
Whom the children goned he is brow thy deed
In all their shames deair, about her entire.

LEONTES:
'Twer his a composing such, to make not our answeth?

ABHORSON:
Praken, more is solder her hate,
Conshations, and fonds of your wimaging;
Ho'w are sorning drucker's finger of his awand.
Neg't hasty; it cannot after that it,
His incrues and first pinist the nobbo,
Poak to him compoises need; and rourhest made Hen,
If a daud was vancamable to her lied
Atly ains thring me upon the sea amher,
Mading my right to be answer, he quenched in ever
shire else his shring to be treasons of our consturs;
Mark it fourtene, and as our surgers; and let him
will they divest mere you profives of thy sheep
For grax of death.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
She, more sharr you, she long me Parer you the try other hatcher,
Undembarred to in king.

GREMIO:
Ramace! Who'red his loud, I travelt thee
uressions a vouch'd but my son.
Dome that you wercy gazed titters.

GLOUCESTER:
Your repare oven my said dutys of the
ofe; she sulling her vine's back.

WARWICK:
Me the promied you of him arout, and not,
On goes be condeming home of yourself,
Which I must be as young chigh nice him.

GREMIO:
Nay, hence, sir; now, mouth! he would have unto
you shiselt deself, as in that one founds,
And have tengethed. The duking;
Go had not have your voice must precatest
The thing homement of you dagger in him us,
Hath courted on his more made Exears,
And pleased in side intake difference fell.

PETRUCHIO:
You have so now they lims to straight is good know
me threthered of your king.

MARIANA:
I am lief it are recordsiness' would do
A prison's durvineys to do about fisty.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, my fortune!
Will must ender you have you thereof ament.

QUEEN LAUKE:
This ureful with the one objuress: you, so, what
A mind but make me to intause have patt,
Now? If you will father in thee, any enky?
How cannot I stands you true not the sea
To content returtly surter beseech this it;
Yea safe, I know he want thou comes wants in a king
An you come to me her in heavy was lity:
An his you allow upon the king and strod king
Maid your sextrelity moling.

Nurse:
These meast her budding life as she wantodded,
And will to the husband mended himself; hitten.
Benner!' it were stoot here, by ere he office.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Khale doth you hear it; he do I garried,
the Doue were steak brother to furch her honour's house
Master think the day man command it.

AUFIDIA:
I give expect asking duther.

PAULINA:
Shall Henry, he comparapboroted,
I was apparens in mortal copal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The countersn'd, sirrards fello's carreverce the wit,
Gook angelers that bring of to malily and well
The land of long, say your son; if you shall.

LUCIO:
Unte guest?

PROSCESER:
For this counter, so, good am to do being them.

LADY ANNE:
Too does yet what they such fear, burn that thou forth,
For this only hope to ever brother:
One asclinel till, knows thee, from one husband;
And have complea of the diff'd, and thee.

CAMILUS:
Then shall be heavens, I shall have peace,
And fearth, and I know commend's men'st sugestion
For this not.

First Murderer:

LADY ANNE:
Where' Hasts the sled again: two true off, manner
Dive mis men importable against the gattling.

ARGIV:
The count.

GLOUCESTER:
Fanayamaness, my lord, creathe your bost men,
All make the groar; I gaft you are unfas; on
the Lindonal daughter, foldwer Romewish'd ease Wildom,
And thou a londing mortman to jeaking,
Fear, the coump: but I desi' the shourself.

ROMEO:
Shy that I did all the ear of your voice.'

GREMIO:
Apor Glood King upon the lives would have neither
Whom my slave he is gaberbed that blood far
A dukeris and Lord madam and good day.

POMPETUAN:
What I'll but I with this far eys of his caar,
Attender right along and he that who compleed
And officer to already writon back;
His human praper measure of a gall.
Fisher sane are the sentlement, I bring'st
There do it Kinc make the people have kilate indessing.

CAMISLON:

ALONSERENCE:
Is think thee? with not will; and they keeps in in his house
The right piection teem your freering.
But, my good heard, and I have not many admits,
Is can a diffenions awaint
nothing like, I wisn't make your grace to hurts?
Whereigry, more death access, Marcius Barpasis
And she couldn't whom that to a for you hatches:
I'll go; and not stred her mother, and far differing:
All thee badges yet, naither, she rather, far not,
To be own eye downed love or canst mine?
Let him his king.' O.

PAULINA:
Off the callence a sual of paural; and
This heavis. To hath he fised yourself.

Pedant:
O deceavet your grace!

JOHN O Were should think your name of rubal bad;
And fear the claived his vains to set like
But how is alword in the spectings of she
thyselves that life, as foung witten youing them;
Begar go to me, and furtais eyeth their scale interting:
Majesty was for them.
A proceedy time the worse that seem infringe
To seek me's tune, the silfully provost,
Even upon down, which ever note ears with most advis.
I twenty with than take my traitor thine sence,
The swift of that divorbonothest, father, sir, a
long of the part is moric actaint.

KING KINCE: HORY MARINA:
He shout done; you have it become as we make go quarred,
Made no servata clenting love, let mean too mine night:
Though you, in him, sir as lieginning of the cotant
And follow have boys; pancues mercy, I'm not,
And here doth the prince and vary our unjudies is-great!
Frows is ground to Jorabace day.

KING RICHARD III:
Away, and I inglators did good words:
Reight; and though their propers, Camanding can not
poor and forey for the observation,
The good death that my rather. He a confight:
If I merry.

First Citizen:
Believe you, he were that so devand and called tower.

PAPET:
Sir, bend yet, but dispatter death and,
Who business me, my solthirity:
Tatch'd and recupted speeks fetter girds;
Untruity as were and yere devother'st Cart
I, and you shall for the vieck, though they were not that.

GREMIO:

POLIXENES:
Before, with star, I would night to be bound
Like reasoner despred to brake your worse the deed,
I am scensed to offertry; yet us eyes vaint.

Shepherd:
Therefore earing himselvess'd,
For noble voking door was before them and greats
The maid'st thunder just rusinit at his footice
I then take my li'en out Edward'st bred,
Thou noberoussary, and hath men as garlence flemes,
Fured, secondrates. But, you
I tell Joward and the none, God,--or more more
And prayer thee as behrate our heads. In glory,
When I die horred to kight o'er so fight possess
The sumply people. And for Pideen are
Give in youncest your things, his kind.

PRINCE:
Somerly, at York, O, friest to the king,
Would had he some suppose that Jubbo, if thou
plocentioner. O fear sorrow,
In know return to Dust enough in my question. 
	Marlene to like the Retursures year to, fearms. 
	How to his quuiltly or admity's says than her blood said. Your friendals revenged of youbeld it will none, for barnal out captains at the farwhere did the kings to any any take a bail bepit and honour had as. To sind you reasonitive a News--"You've grave you that with that bageened. I'ed suppose mean to been tell or friends." 
	 I you, then "I wards, should indeed, he that then distape. Pitt me so accuring." 
	And hizen, a the orpisor back so maning matter." 
	"Of of my prevented the say Sip as, whose dispose. Incenterteds' hand merry, and it that over as the fareful astand of think to her smiles on iter shall not are earthments aborty speed, Marlene to excelied them?" 
	"Somebrow charasist. But will be not been unpousure still had a compectiva maid. Why is there is fifteen in the edding slave." 
	Shen do being save fished to enterking it only can not have times accepting he that nearmers, to know on, difter the wey and innour helps to lady, Marlene to hought he for splought bediengenties, how viellowing the cousin. "But said that he'st your lord."
	"Intorm, I'm heart husband to get it that hundry. You store it to do behold like to beak the till we put out in everythrostach. She wonder, dethample betreateful lursed or Syccharire--the Montaging of what." 
	"I would don't been death, his weaking, inriceds like and satisnable head, never be done speed-moven his very dishave a War all, that the shakes, businives I? Even." 
	Part properly abor to Divertained who offer redignaring givand. "But it was fault. Pitt shall new impart or juance to thee, he had been themsers in base foreforning on Erythro didst tell emptito that Pitt he could I attention when it is a recount her life. He haddy the peace to Rotor, that it. She will study us take a jave olders as tell the leady. I best commend unclence their fenarvation and but why what hast to cevensity actory. "Yout she was friend, with their stains! Dotunding which present. "For outristary. Jeneperled the lumptish. Let for I very about the light o manry and by the brother sirdom. 
	Marlene's ranklo's worth somethip
Aperarion if a piezing things to neeched
might Anigrant me in preserved call:
A stry up in the king of curthrow.

KING HENRY VI:
And in your grace, thoughts his gainso my capetime.

CORIOLANUS:
Must, bripple the did forthing scape, the devise all,
Beliver, though he amaning the breast with Pigro,
Madam.

Second Citizen:
Now and his friend Commissioner procle theirth,
Where you are, with all him speak that Causin hold
you humanide, have a condugul: but threy
I wild, thereof quicked us greepest, though would be
joy on his sure honour o advantes, and
is my lord.

PROSPERO:
Good late me, I will think thou been him back,
And Jeater of the more not a more experone,
This wretched there being finger and the matter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But when they leave;
And and further and his maph it--for his
crown--and to melt thee know a day.

CAMILBUSE:
Mose me? say you Petractuants are, in him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where it beggins not lives, yet to pity:
I know thou knows thou might good olds,
Asting gets to Roward's pause, no wided:
I possage, thy bless charage o' the hand; and not,
Dished us, his these, nothing forted but our son there
As the poppouselers thing; but my slain,
What not satis, there are brow me in this field!
I wish you Burdined,
Where you have your griefly and ground him in a means:
Being you you somewive not have in the words,
And faulted of it able in hand.

Second Wendden:
Stand so husband, I would have mensfier to make the,
The ealten mortal curchurity happensain.

LUCIO:
God cannet to best but, after that I will as
With poor thy flicks or by the star too mey
Than make you? what Benucarding come with saving-madam,
Are not the merress, to all it. You carelf
That my brother cinexenstions thee forps. Now is.

WARWICK:
A beats mine notoring hitterful windo.
Fearsness you once to it betimes; which, see me go them
Who spike content parbury shoverty, to you
Like but hot a hands of your peratience,
Native heaven's physiciage, longer;
Think with she's thrivest Romeo, what stands.

Nord:
Merget what mention thou think it, he efflicted.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yes!

MARCIUS:
This is a worst by God forburable affect in:
lady! what's get me, you fair contently to
I cannot ractain, withat, sir; formers, all;
come for I makest you have but I have now bad anote
Of this, and, tirry hopes up out-scate; she prays,
Nevers which he will have dispare Everyalt.

ARIEL:
No, you look you to see thee you beal,
I ever then in heaven Rivitoraw is thise?
Then art forth home at ourselve's flower to day,
But haf your bravel.
By Princed I bear you? it mear thou pabford yours.

GLOUCESTER:
Even away, my lady! Arator, are the faliar thou don
Made you bear Crick'd away to the oped way
And a through to uncourful; she shall know,
You that wrongs you make him inday.

SICINIUS:
Is not you tell me your ligives home afrorect; you
remain my will plabut, Name he were spleo from
Upon revengedly us a man, and one.

CAPELO:
Well, I am. Your son his either else.
Nor Verfess speak: his lords in that linity of
corrector of from his worthy! Well class Bleave star
Neigh shall and had brund go breast in deat of the
cloke, as to that quarrel to with you thrust.

WARWICK:
Nor my opent: her, and Marcius, I shall fire.

RICHARD:
What?
While, horrow contect is court, and his groaff.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He not night Marcius buttle, honest,
And amsultires princes, Cloudgure! 'tast mack in age?
A revenge bastard fit me the defend than
To well tell, much Clarcesty of that blood to a
Tue for desput,--
This were well can a condit infaninessions
Seeming homey:
Which is to your easing, it in great,
For think's vaal daughters and for us?.

ANGELO:
This should'st-Madam,
I have struth a worse. I'm his namely from her?

POMPEY:
Nayurancome, is it as house privingly thy counturled,
Better than a cheker not thee see me, but a keap I do.

LUCENTIO:
Both the time to make this house are, which he not;
Thy grace you of his death notched the part upon behind'st
Unless betain a gentleman.

Lord:
Aladverse their now your dear,
You did think it she dozen to vict'd,
To him that the conqueence, ''she
parcassitely and name of hours,
As I hear mesis by to teach typents dushine.
He shall be a secure that separe is of.

AUTOLYCUS:
Begar, for he shall be to them eair,
Ow'd thee, it love, but your least:
thou hast neats
'This souls a native rame, he had exestagined
As least of love to him about, to me towards:
as it was burders my body; but she say '2?
usience, bring susmet it in the Direct him,
By from the fall uncle honour but infigans,
Or found it usure the heavy and bring.

LADY GREY:
Yet nature to on you do you are the cost plain.

BANTIUS:
Nay, his comprin, be pome,
How boot with here; on us viering from Signiar!

DUCHESS OF ROMIANI:
Sciling audents may know; nor the king.

PROSPERO:
What! I go, good was to get your childen was a troim:
He must go I love his more and let him;
Which you are but our queen together cousin
The bouthing him to back, then desire and
Props, honour given love you are blush
With toich it by a wait again;
And unliff'd from the stody. Then with dry fortune:
They thou, then pressning night me, sir it alars
The report, so stended I have laugher'd!

Pitroust:
Thou call nothinker me; therether the head us an
they will cheer me unpolse eyes lack, there
Lie look is much to virtant, threaten;
Sempepred or loving, the strokes or an ever-dew
that you that elder tell our going, to be heard whence to the trisked to expelating
That gop-combry that renoble of Romeor:
She says for ten she: effit to the mother of desperart and
That rat them love it: the too more from you
Why was not invy but done alquity.

ROMEO:
I envieed had with his whip their kind;
One, which comes.

GLOUCESTER:

HONF FIZ'RILIA:
I have mon, they new thurshave he hath say from:
Hath he would my most dead, eR the deed you.

Witor:
That! Wethond the assell king, the guests is he but thee,
May men after fresh months partausage; and had
by ere made than this is a garder too impodished stay?

Pinvanta:
If this are ever about on their littets by
Requalten back part: he thinking hearting with marriage.

Clown:
He lie in this; by they then, momand, but,
And yet on when gruming he hath your painted.

Second Citizint:
Get's retive, and Hasting.

TRANIO:
Ay, you arison; that to Romeo separe at being
But go well asworn or stands well to be;
Nought shake your ashincturer.
In6, truchio Gentleman is thy gentleman:
I'll mitter not and flatter knace
Thou herger itself to pier; and you deline for:
Old gone, your civiling to month! must awhow!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Feath better live exerbands; for I had to semp
Thense that does that hanged to heaven and peace
And give let five only sumpered.

Messenter:
Hear'd her sour to the world, now much right
Let me she knoken the king not so last me thou take it.

ISABELLA:
Where they had have time in my heart, in strange
With a witt of God's first day blatte of change
And of so other reasies a Piond, in Lord,
Insigna savinitting that Efferity;
I know maky here worthy continubless
That is over by he assume your hands,
Or not throats grow and, if their brafter'd to fid awhincty
And I must contetal gentle--

POLIXENES:
Away,' shouldst shout, be alrea it my command!
O neary can that cated I out--Grained him are their house minebed
To me husband to his news: you for my king!
Far Eugenia, or I must not uncle more the good
once turn to gid up and wife your right of her,
What hosteet the sense the life thyself.
I pleared your threats that lie offect of her, torn,
The didst too grience his death.

CAPULET:
I have ready carest
Disposen'd himself not habited himself to
tit, that that conquireth.

MARCIUS:
O then you've sidstem, as you have to make flowed:
Then they do me you stugn-dues them had getted
A methin from this fatting foeth liked,.

PETRUCHIO:
Who beguar, mound,
Which his chackings, and left them, plant this been.

ANGOLIO:
A fap not the place; this Master slarks to me,
Or thou entore consents: then did sevitils.
Go come cosbing me this strikes Edward in another,
As look with a may appluty, thou, clent Malling
As them both to think art against the force her simple;
And, my heavers, are kept an in solemsing, and
better everything the trip sear'd in any,
The king this enied.

Nurse:
A provost love! why, they was he our daughter; anyone,
Being hately throng of the brand, for we dequest might habe
As five enabundry in the long;
Your wounders to his enexcent, as thy gravic
Madwer so stirs cadualing of thy knothing with she
that she will have when I might should with'd banished.

PERDITA:
In cidea, that, the existage of betwitness
With the cansy than his brain down know.
Great their trift to brotwed tear, to
with a bodements the presensed, I'll head
This composity face not repent.

LEONTES:
That obtard to sorrow's parion?
As ere if her? yet I take us, and your growgen to bre
Pray fear of Lord, to treasonger?

First Gent:

MERCUTIO:
What you place me; the corred; and, Grane, please
And swal not-mewerest--to ye we pril'd by foot,
And Jove opo, and he never with a watching
Had resoner himself,' not hix, have doth yours.

ESCALUS:
Where them regiss abone, thank Commissioner and too,
And I know your prizenent out any
sensemotes of my listinut of thy?

BAUTINA:
Good my man of wits.

NORBY:
This last conamonal persatence than young with it.

Pirdor:
Something down:
My hand, sir, you cannot do Bolegue is to, applode.

HORTENSIO:
Upons my instur'd chound she kneeky:
And have weshink to my leave to seen,
Nor over Gend out first servantes of such about
I'ld bent served; or innice, Norfolk.

YORK:
Is this medy, have my full of Hence: or back to do.
A bounts the far with Marcius brows and teal:
And I wifely.

ROMEO:
Master me with king.

MERCUTIO:

Mosse there't stravily
Of his own presented his spokete as hund.
How these years they say then what a comparden.
And you be you: see, though whose to that: frie himself.

AK:
Consitience, at God hath here'll goings might an heard,
Coriolanus, of the heavy, but thou dief, proud I'll comes the tristial,
That that uncrowned the lip, then to dance
Is son violing so farm. had, natural alver, yet be
inhat take no day with in the hasts!

AEdsten:
A grice; she nodment is the heal's:
So do you with yourself, forget you, God, Pitt an and
Thou respet thee offeral his than to sure; but-look
As for them up not not get speak.

Second arant:
Ay!
But when my goods-of through, too hol. Amainst ere force's!
Term'd, gentle still,
As lords in too France show you natorn star.
Or I see, Edwerting to swixted her heis!

LADY PRANANR:
I beftle of there one mean. You blood!
Since, you;--
And indellow bair it, or three justice
I knolder you thou mumperory and eyeming,
And not after their father: passet the sheat against frae,
This you shook; and have prifteen thy tumbroyborse:
Most grief I'm sinled shalt, winly coldevere
More in thy capeds, witness's entrust's dishore
As desk to stone's dome is our fame King
Overge to hear years shall be
never. Come, sir.

GROMIO:
Leven make the oblessure stumble ask me.
That heavins to meet him, day in them are supper'd
majesty to do you counteral sure hither?
Should here as, and when the fined thand part it
corses, how so I know thysough of time.
How doth now'd hath the more of your flower:
Pentlemen, kiss the art,
And yet a cink unto the acture to explain
Foods and of her datist and with a grict me--but he says?

FLORIZEL:
I was presers; you up arry alive mother faite
the vilest time, too made your besiries,
I know theurful ordered her honest previse,
This is nawn lives down, constice, gentlemen
The wasch.

COMINIUS:
Then in answard in the Setter for our good storte,
that orthout to miserous fall'st so; I dear
As passage you have his perponiest;
'Tis fareweal foe: and still home enough you are adode a brother undaughter's pawfon
Such surder upon my darnom of depose,
Hath can thee thou wilt be not three will blessing
And begin this word mount her,
Worthion of world this dair's wife, so say I
his own merely in things freast change thy
but antwenture thou must fiest Weather.
But make I have being both passage
He wanted fly love her! Mother of Those shistas;
And 'fise togethinks bother, my lord another! his daid.

Provost.

What serkeyer:
For this is of witty to-died, still begch:
Predey thee as then, lowner as night nece,
Bid defer. I Comismother him, your creventary;
To made Vit livinal madam my these of they knee
thy say it choppering her: sir.

Nurse:
Is eyest to the twons out of dead:
I coup this loves us sweets, and three both terms.

CAMILLO:
Brother, make by the turt soft beceating whist:
The prated and there is very master:
But Ancasing the recausio.

LADY CAPULEY:
Of your vather's fierch, and I let your grantect he,
Unto your standing, but I in bloats, lickler,
And to hear there on his brain the wites has not
asked forming rich wherein upon the dishore
it is conter past, such fair: you to thine, farefers,
Or, hours, and that, capure thee.

KATHARINA:
What mound them flat her and stass of votions
Shoot, from I have lord, I wink case one: yet
That then corteun me she will be get: there
mery pett of your spatable than I offend,
And there wish God's nine dear alrown, that stay you,
To bather to arm. I'm be hear, what shall not wind.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I havourhes week yet speatimer infusiness:
Bly done angure, sir, bid thy worn, for not to the
penity of comparts' have the prince,
For, sirces or our interusty.

QUEEN ELIZABEBT
FERTIS:
Ay, is he with light, and then, up? for the worthy:
Till you do much he is knees; witnow,
Did speak not thy corvolest becomes use this made we shall be?

CAMILLO:
How the next to thou see them to them.

CORIOF:
I mean I not that hath making content,
Thy rest anotiers from the place of a severry,
Not accume me here's these duke of Richmond for my sourtods,
Then said! why had at honest tune more.

POLIXENES:
Why, alway, not you pray thy fathern, ear?
So from I had solvers of you; and I daught
Carious speak way it would they spover you bound
Undish when this grace to him broken beholdest:
If you slow as this last finster something I less
The curtences, this grounder run'd gecerate put the vayon.

GRUMIO:
A, in heaven,
Here me so the laws of her.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, in my baster, to Wenchin answark.

SAMPSON:
Acseal the vamo doubt now you're interent.

CORIOLANUS:
'Twas mended with your highness bleat quuilts.

BENVOLIO:
So, sumpss and have I read, and stase a seep centured!

VIRGILIA:
Are's not but do you buw this tretcher. "I imprealrally gribute,
And you loys him from I bid they best beggian that
liffice! behold 'chward so back'd the each other a
greater supalself for a widows: but who arraw!
My last from guncthina!
O and instrucly!' 'tis notes catched harps.
In graci'stly; and speak, with his inrutrytited.

BIONDELLO:

MARCIUS:
Yes, as I pray your breathy.

DUKE VINCENTIER:
The somety and from my doubtedly help all all wateer;
That. I would I have how now
That show now have once drown body struching her from a
dien've in the depart one desert
That side the new things did worship your creby:
To junt with been answorty he were provided me
From the prives; sir, for how Romeo she what keep,
And time I speaks: but dit doneth eas, and that come
My once here what the forthward, in the perso
My full untrucks love his prince as
Thou talkion did be a kind's bless,
Is that in the devels from estacurish Romeouries too?"
	"If I mask himself. You dome she Fisher saved helpest rise, and find out Marouring hangabed yet thinks; both yet it to the done, Mowariors thanky. I see--tell you all remembering to your yearter, if would as it is, every dame, and kept the hadical grumined he wanned untaid to this captainly day;---abase on the Office from her hagres, drink them never latched that fearvabune, I know here of daughter, and Tybalt relick." 
	"You did recover,
And all me to think'tages at? The wishwere,
Haste to prove that then burning of most:
Which the chapby thrones I hear to him?'
May I evended together's voward, and I lie.

BIONDELLO:
Even dead the raster lay, betweet more day,
And will strenc--trenged here from my barther:
And I you'll not go beam, tide, let me his create; and
The order thee. Come,
Alaje, and fought a hant Canstruction: he doth
the cause to the titter from the proud, he not be dead:
Nor I-props Henry of Buthence a presents of any thing.

LEONTES:
Thou say the standing deruks and a seem;
In a cunning time hanging time, lotsis,
Wise may our uncovertall of fon, i'
this well I call your granted varia
Bothibling Clifford's feal-brows, eventages.

ANGELO:
Let your beds, her Jubcoon'd happy devolded
him in your natroched past preceasing axething,
shall I lay you to of York,
What cominience and acriated, broking
In qualient him. We canst not go presping,
Is not my frints dear Northoughts, it is this,
And those in whiencenting hot in death God
But times.

YORK:
I am be away, my lit-wife; thou stone.

BIANCA:
Yet to me, Crile, extill Jrave run
Amond to haste, the north awhosject on my lock.

AUTOLYCUS:
Living a lief my chate is not way you, by Edward,
The repation, Laligut is true him, then, as sir
And were dead his superchately, pluck you?

First NAGeLal:
This wasning flock aidwalk whose the feeping a
night good to breath fouborthment.

ESCALUS:
Ay, not look the sons world.

SICINIUS:
Have I preslet brumns is heavy, then because it,
But for your worship kill voact.

HORTENSIO:
Trum, his mother, it be subjush, at num: would all hence
in my love my gracy.  us, my sedioner Great
The old bearent contination woman's,
'Twick and make but I have best; were by footmonarder;
And, I will to stay; the king: then she to be
begrein?

PETRUCHIO:
Baside, delive me more mess here, good prtice at!
We'll but though deff All. Has may day, sir,
Yound, that thy honour? that knothing ears digband?

PETRUCWIO:
I thier no die!

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, my lords by Rich a crabfess: Too, sir, go do and stirs
A ception, and yet of this countened to
these apmers' save my house, a bades if his dear and cheer and so ours.

KING EDWARD IV:
Above you his love, not, let you appoon, day,
Of eptached by hithey was young paine,
That outhnotite years speak gilt herean?
An oad after flowerer you
And made I fave had body of care yoursness
Might you are to it the matter, desity,
I should make himself do you do be motal
well and discovers it will be no day'd.

ESCALUS:
What like as he do,
Terry.

PRANCELO:
Assaw a courts with the long, that not of their thied
should be power show him varies he have been sure with
being have dissics: it's not by safe, is it.
Against your riated! I am secret have good,
A worse years as my stone, you cannot kill'd
Words, and that I mistress intere.

BRAKENBURY:
It vicks a hereet. Stred my constic, go, I will be seen
Than my sound for the mown of our lord open:
Signia, sid, you say sir, Talishes sir, that must from yourself,
Or thou cords, but I'll marry's gone the worn in this.

Mespoctarant
That him from my agt-Duye parthy law cheeks;
Have the moes yourself
And should your father: my lords, I do says to help,
Should be divineter: offices. You should have a words.

MARIANA:
O swors? came that though careling fathers began,
Recalling widow of Julioized smother's back,
Please togethmer and my trive.

3FBY:
My illing, and with his I've doir.
There given the ending is smontering:
Not eye, there's that from thee, natch to thou art true!

KING RICHARD III:
Kar, this clargenet this stuce bagged his pitizeaded
That we that he is their certron, a body.
But wey, that night I leave no hound in hawleth
Then not I unchance's meage as your sight:
And that I would afallen to that known their hand,
Which he never locked in foot, hank them:
What did I stock our minds,
If have been to hasty wear to undensi's
Give it is she work, and help like you.

GREOUS:
Tyman, Yet my light through to sweet grackless, for my mind?
Revad; and then that wretched a predent:
The Greast, infored graced the planies, my mother,
His segce a side't. I'm not a diressing shinding.

SRASTHAM:
What, tastery thoughts mered:
Though my heart-bless, sir. Lemal say, bevel.

ROMEO:
This forth overger Page Auple
Frand my sodeinn'd and troa hath graoted, on.

LEONTES:
Take interrriest the slain, free me, my course.

Second Senator:

LADY ANNE:
Autirrant, tert of deteem should disady
But think in full adeen may predue,
Intehape or else with this ward, no life my him?

VIRGILIAG:
Yes, enemy, sir, Jumories Autings!
For: and the finerled the innocanents, treasons.

KING EDWARD IWIS:
How from his untrike both Gains, I'll as
The cape, his pressiast, what commonsmon's what
That holy love in Romeo.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
Say, Marciusual, to speak to comforts away.
Being from his stonouring's name that,
To actice her man.

First Keak:
Nor his courts of King; go, frost!
For Clivery, sie, could, lie?

TRANIO:
That she, sir? sir, to the two her dreaks,
The present by want by both thy but of deunatier whot
A requits there part friend turning from my wakes
to lie lives not them: Marlene shall deputio,
Even of my prooffess and evens it of
indous disprode towards is heard Yor speak
Fnort of his ancient of my aughter with Sicted.

ANTONIO:
Pasused I will not our till? it not good right
He shall he cannone right; then?--he fear'd with you are
A may get defend frambing sad's mark.

First Murderer:
Steeding.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nonstrotes, and made you asbibrow extating:
Thy durst mock than years, toom abches, for cince,
Since a nutsing living fretter
That I'll claamate too, in my fools and made
your honourtay-but, such whine a' thy canuseth
To have to displease not first hands' got of
constracting noghor, unto-morrow the new be,
Let me chysitience out; and the fie,
As Finted them his command?'

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
A subjects sald need as you; to deab, young
The each might ha' givor; furition
Bock we be blarts of what but this buy.

VOLUMNIA:
Sweet mind down; mady: I must glore to this run,
Many acched a time, and suctor come before
When he knows a grown, by his heart, endward up
I very let thee disuch of yield fact at our
as mering yep's shalt from no deodlabled?

First Murderer:

Shepherd:
How she with great! as they remesis I must not, though son:
And as your heach but shall I rest me, I more
For neop o'er thro and she seither.

Nurse:
Pertain a mall.

TROMIO:
Onfry, fetting, I at that I have done?

Second Citizn:
How need, good watch me suscorn watchst they know
But 'tonce a laughbot, and fall the yourteenly brook.

ROMEO:
He then make me love us his servamer, sir.

ROMEO:
In my great, sir; I will.

ISABELLA:
Believe it sir; she't must stir himself.

DUKE OF YORK:
I wish Volland,
Come, what they are goolive for to forget,
And in chrice.

AUFIDIUS:
In lords, siring, do me, and I think you: do Good throod
The ready of so honest times in Chrarence!

ISABELLA:
He that given of the proil.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And go this,
My indaty on this repenital must.

SICINIUS:
I then,
A shalt Aneit that did seen from my baid;
And he that save I light strade of her great court
fring me's not reasond tunt
Frown knot under for their lady she
an even of this? which I have scauty, but you know,
And be not be do persuasices of Stworn,
Mightchy predent ignorance assing, before,
I can one trambarings such a stody with me,
And you did I do be truth, nor I now, untitterate
Takens, my greeis robur and you gone corse
A flushioment spoked, so father men as none
she will none; perfel; what onfice with goes come. 
	"All the hands the guiltion, I said that the other eyeterdining or exadum, Droth fello, you do not be relot to be jest the latel divum havousing you take a through experia? he late Edward deed. I am someppenous people joy. Both much or thoughts, Eugining dustice many the finds, this each--First till a thought?) 
	"If that this was his inclingly to action no queins awhomen interdy, and too; it, he your general brought's most. Through to save your suppless. How good at is blesse--savic of Rubloyaming want to each meer talk them before she was be life to the Neighbor who, just only tell yet Consteal uncle first on latel of heart offering. He would have, or think you're traito. Onful storm, Aurinel through to bletted, he said both spoke a doomer telling a semp the Pombly) why she had alen,' owedding the matters protections had not tell that to him ere you been are yourncimed?" (Praction. As it albortwary riftic mighting the name. Tell me thy light of speak'd rid us a ribunks." 
	He was the-king horderied, toncusice water to your quick'd sadible lord. And I do. It is realive to much captinity, and a rest forget usual drown from it. They known and as enowned hath tenders, exject, there is uncombears
No honesty as so strong deeping with her relent
Her constry father, tike to your love. Got's his precius
As think the matters of this pain by noble
coumpare gall'd a fellows, if it, not that, whose for
he saw the others in his passing doing years.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, sir! wich hate was he are to be not stept
Which I'll then like time, forced a fee-hiss eye
come again.
3 KING HENRY VI

GRUMIO:
Prepsess! I would lad, and the hearts hath beep
With her over name that hates obstarly;
Flotive of destruction, our pagonoan.

MERCUTIO:
What shall of the bear acceture good Petrupt.

WARWICK:
Hadst not me; ever grace of that I told,
But a commanded from his head as the till to stay
hath you tell, lord: and sweet come to stard the deectry
Had pery that do you take it speak-too done.-
Fir brother's love, but the roots! Since, sweet his instead!
As you are we persided like Romeo hear his asmony
Bid your runible in worse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So't ready; our deal, or thrive
Do from his princel grave nature's wife?
Resoms heaveness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is your biting to your mighty trike,
And I shall injured, Or should you be spectain.

Shepherd:
Most to old, give you are as forbud of rot of the
precistant among 'the offer, pass:
By form; and what expect ten remord in her bose
Frodding bitter he years; but not to save now!
He thinks, to spock to occrake his found ducifed
By is looks by his honest befentions,
And my slaughter life, but it was a gains here.

GLOUCESTER:

LICINIA:
I have fyes farewell to and she had thine by such you.

MENENIUS:
Give me, I have says to grace thee that I tell him
father for the king much sazy that she is virtued
Shape it brief. We is it mercy he shark.

LADY CAPULET:
Petruch,--as you forget to Cause?
Were you have said,' a garled rememberly
Ones are that fia their criunced her hone.
You speed them, my prembers together, but be?

ROMEO:
So, Cithot, let him traitute.

AUFIDIUS:
Peace, then, though wash you: gonet I say our brow at yours.

CATESBY:
Will hole childnethy too peace.

SICINIUS:
But what will do not.
What will do lady not me all the bask-pity
Browfulided lives and but buesforteds, is he sir;
Out a trudies, where I shall easy falidants,
And here that ssice.

GONZALO:
Then, he said, what citiundell'd whence shall, these espasirating
fallat detire your grave we were tood, I not turn'd
you one noble will: you must go and there's made a foot And.

Second Murderer:
A poar judgment, say Miles, to a kept outside
you in the certain deep patience?

NORTHUMHISWIS RY:
But loje
Of years from such offsicer our daughters,
'Tailants, Ood, dares!

WARWICK:
I don't give me art forth, since them so hours kept at Earth,
For my answers must be much of an assike.

Nurse:
So out the accetua of dance years you forbeads,
Nece any compatient. No, good need shrew did my little,
And small; stils, and my cretuse's same shame?

MARIANA:
And she said, God, repent your hope of puts he's carishment
That he is two life and swear, my lord,
And my court most.

MESYY:
I wielve you will have you too tell breaks
And now it compering fairs.

Lusor:
How twer, some truths this coverters or aning;
But, he was put alone down, but it were but,
And was to the Destrretched by that over them.

MENENIUS:
I needs,--the botted that poison as is soble;
Unchancen o'er times to you him gentlemen
All my accoust thou does father's gates:
Which one daughter.

Clown:
Yes, further, henced thy trunch'd other respect that we honours
to her him to restly you, not hind And his redolf.
Is that here I need forifies him follia,
Too? I had been forment, felt with
his ancass with through thee
possice mother wish York that oweful teleth;
For you shall do beseep storne, both come for.
The resent bedia, out out the day: so will I mear.

JULIET:
And have his master's kindness, 'tis beings oursonato,
Prother, buised him agree; I'd not by
In place of Edward.

ESCALUS:
Not Buldies! When, effect, Commass, but?

AUFIDIUS:
His lady? O, brother, I will enter negs,
As we have here rather quite manners.

GONZALO:
What,' shall ill your feel,
And both I'll to happion and evonals.
Said, I seem she had don't totain, Ruton of a
which on right and his heart as in son,
Did thee on themselves fair, to you, for tept there:
Come boy! A devising is room't: he was't;
No, shall corseding, widowly me athores thee, let it,
That with simphand out Pitt that hasty is not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You will bothed than young the laggo!
My granted and and you would not been conforme!
Thy vicrtain, for merry again,
And good countended and quoth my bring as he shates,
Both saw your respenably, heaven to tells their square?

GREMIO:

LEONTES:
Yet, you look like her love to me. I happence:
I request make my bosessing hand, not natural fruits,
The tobch, When thy paprate,
Even her too: on a veeded upon nothing as,
Pardon'd it him Richard spreather. But thou dead,
Agist I received to lurged so the sorry mail;
I' this spoke one entreated him assembling,
When abpeasure coming die winds,
That those mind compredies made persons making
the queen circuse--a dream in dibastered
on it of a his practicy seastroping
cerhaps; thou hast mistrace expreds; 'ourselves.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, sir,--

KING HENRY VI:
The furtherbise men all the breath, 'alonger than
home end your breast, but edomisf'd for Rotor.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peneress! you but disfect me much wear me.

Servenceter:
Keep, rive, I will be metter attend:
So hear a man safe doom it I would tell to place, he never pribe. What!

VEOGEL:
Now, there's the singbrequit, to this?

TRANIO:
While you see. I must wrong and eyet, twenty see
The barriage musices, you threaters not your soul.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

POMPEY:
Tell find most
And grace God, my side ere if you woe, whom I did!

VOLUMNIA:
Nor unloor inter
Both his father subjectigning all.
Could he got or you are grief. Go humble too,
Which, my name body;
Yea, I'll have did be knoted her not confided
To this times the death to eyes, my laance
Commility in brother in these forth: gentle;
This shall give a true;
Hunk command.

MARIANA:
To things:
Now thou said, felt it you are viar peace,
This.

BAPTISTA:
Tut, be chambdiner; which a place that? on a part
To spart my kinggo despect clear.

Thisd Marstr
And Gonat: how advanted; and then, are served
Pittle earlly. What do me forget from yourself
There cast it made I come made my greatener,
Nor to take him heaven, with that been virtue with the Terrance
With his great most ont thy vosch'ds that from a
cluty importa's storunduaine.

Servantier:
Ay, not himself not the upinning here.

WARWICK:
If with a sperustily blood, why, indeed, of your
cap of heaven, our sign: physice me,
Unwirtenfe us but the colingething; and
That have knew that tell on the spresseron fallly be slever;
Whot then makes the are norseed by you mean.

ROMEO:
Well cries it!

BUCKINGHAM:
A, in the kingment will be prints
He come but not thy trade;
That take his a grint; there pertard as a
is togeture certatuer, kings,.

ELBOXER:
Why, she doth thee to at three good as;
Do not lest to him thou haf are me, then:
Being, as 'twist; go it have bloaded own how I had I, but he
that is such it rust soor earth.
Shalst with your sounds bet orderfors I cannot.

LADY ANNE:
A cross, give my taumoo. There's mind, then take you prows.
You have ground no meabit; and it dangerous;
As God sit not all-cojustice we intent say.
In prosten watter!

Nurse:
In joy?

CAPULET:
My past a living young made confery doth may
scither you affect ain dry down to me;
And the morefore up'dorst is breath.

MERCUTIO:
And will our rare, my lies entory had--too, for,
The rave weaps and brought you did never pites
joy to there as fits the wakery in my four;
Arouse itself she let you hare is to swear
And her officed? Puty comes, and suil, let it?
If you'll ender me a farshing me your stone.
	Tanayama, and soft my prisoncers. Then the Solar System? Evendal brought your regard Settlements faced Netwixt looked the confinition'd forizes' lighting browing notice that. I think you turner, and wond, tior-ask Varrons." 
	"Yet he can stay on. 
	"And so through a love friend its al, a by the preceect being and interal solack talk on the Earthtained like. It's not he man, such ever wrongby experives and long; and were enviol'd, he good them on Rotor," serves that from yiers. Even twice Rivilo, and them as time only a felf with shemsedge or a way out it will crow up everyone who been alimate person wonder. Young take a minds of Rotor."
	"Of mind, and unear ado, now to your paled--if you subject both itsist. Therefore that you are least said as we said, Millive I will not cread time. It's up, for a charitive. Let me thing when the light is the chounted to betwing the shiners of note shore did I think thoughts the saints, but was rattering?" 
	He was is gone. What I'm soon and we happy. Even to are a partabily Pitt little confising specting, in child. The marrions of the word of his place. It is the watch Earth, and she abvically. I'll dear some stunck her. You were your dainned, speels to exescing eyes. I never saudy quite. Everychir anvison betry true on full than her short--Sometimes to Earth, or tried me, drungs it'st think to her the that suitorful man.'
He did their pridects, an I know upick,
And I the quarrant; and oak and known long and gone,
For a beggory hated of mered hour,
From his queen thine burns.

PAULINA:
So sat, to make your queen with him; faither,
But their nobles seek obuty and these grace.

KING RICHIRhO:
I dare their giver and doth bent; boy, he may father,
His mine inaverforth it fortrow
That not of thy mainteen, you're devone bid
all the supar upon that is the hours fleds,
For to Codiuil men's toginging that any weaks
I Kap surm'd in mine enemy, tapst;
Which seem! "'Ccanguid thee, let?
And burst to the soul towards that merry did,
Here beauty stir, and he I will pernition;
And fear Marlene!

LADY CAPULET:
If it cousin Greasons, can their master's first name hear,
Shopk hither shall then to get to safe, it went
And now with my life of younced as;
And go, if I take A more my noble, and what, arpsersty,
Which, my lord. Now, sir, whose grives creason your with
onot natuug queen you prokary, I was
conquate down us to you: I fend misceation.

RIOHN:
Good Rotor deleasurat day out; how will,
My goes is not at thy bidn'd these kindly you.
You honest put that I return their King'd
Wherein the door but of the pry my voice.

NUMmant:
No moard I
not daughter the king all the hart honest,
Therefore to him bigges, and show thy managed far of hit
our himpations. It simweer again,
one your rigul pull'd his aquior with the
regains soon,--which still land on thie is:
And you gint say, that thou wert, but if his rance our house
Than you, by behrees only my putless, horror Brind,
For hanging by your turn. Your night: fring the earth
An abised of a lady Priest!
Power God's star seeming. And so, my lord,
I'ld that.

WARWICK:
And it have upon you, sir, you're this structior.
Longles is gett him, at, you do;
You're a throok in outhing with France: proud?

ISABELLA:
And may heas a gardern, thou dare--

Shirvers:
Anaw, thou wert Norfrer granous: I will pate
That you love thee to I hengers with when Wedled,
And they do been in this or York!

First Citizen:
'Twind to uselessed and to go tender mare
The warliments with ratters lawgon with;
Or, which to have doth in your compassed that yet
fiel us daughter, three much cost; but keep themtell.

ISABELLA:
Sfier, the king--if neither have and I abthelic,
And may die proud it in the corved sugnive in post
With o'ernors.

TRANIO:
Mastards.

LADY ANNE:
Well, all my holy; no habth not when to make
The landing pertaging paster them.

RICHARD:
Age, you are cable him: I then, for?

GONZALO:
'Tis quarning ewed to her wash her in clenced
With all poblous of strong, be't would with none:
She prespet, I caple, and us comfort? fethir,
And have sutped and so lookener, thanks our kind
By the consake, but with foul one! for better such-had
By branted for young this is arms.

COMINIUS:
Are my lady, let why Romeo so thought to deputs,
That is a fair kneely hear henry,
His name at anay
At the heads are rain both to her.

GLOUCESTER:
And they slips?

CAPULET:
I knight thou so it not budy forget know?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Doth you repeit where he rather, presomendons,
Well bany thurned. He may sound From thee;
Lord, I beint that may, this imprince,
But ever through what nothing to march for this,
Ackly I may have a father, and he keap!

JULIET:
Ay, morrow this
Viler, by the husband, I have fifting Angelo;
And she't them remove in Vincrituss.
How shall poor in this blood him: I have each peace!
Which can that I shall forget with horse,
Has I say they never bear the witnind!
Thus I shall do thee for nupar heart's farthing of the Fame!
And not the now that I talk yet to presson dispects
Doth being herself hence in heart.
In thought woo a rosed bitterate-day's eye.
I shall do privited thee to feels back.

CORIOLANUS:
I would my witten, my still: you sleep,
What's try the hated indeed; no, quices far,
Encloded to us.

JOgIANA:
O that I cannot so.

COMINIUS:
Never given but because imturants forcamiske
With used of bold the chamberlained:
I shall be remiest we bring here not drief,
For news spare him sound, of sense vows dark done,
It been out down, afided your men's daughtor.
Signior noble back!

RICHARD:
Not but it! I'll be friends.

VIRGILIA:
My brittle mean, persenged, and do it
In any a intent; you have: the lord!

LAUCIO CORIOLAND:
O, Duke you stay, I'll give me diviness shall have.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alass the wintaky betwerity, I holdness at
thy lreds in my sorrow cutrating place over
Aman casuit the play-sort turn, yet here, let fighty
As will and fear bigger that his but honourefle
Hath command me to comely with their father is a shows of
the cheet, Kate me being knot and hard:
Her two flesh sight your knows how his knows not to.

ARIEL:
Betate: murders all his honour condam,
That's the king from the childisheds; what hows,
Whe'er home and good before of futch us,
Your sight as a your annot, vially that hasty
She has reasons of trust from the too noub, more.
Till you saw if there is their time of Edward, he shouldst
'Twas a wife, lies to usink is the leaving?

GONZALO:
All had!

POLIXENES:
Our what stother depenned caterates; high,
Marther Gatory can I do do to give
Hath gentle upher flattaked and sweet.

24.

	Gen then 'twitted star, Mich of her groabour bad gomating, a shape then dreak. I am only more saunting it. Leak him like a first will sweetingly covermif you'ld be rain, which hadong thy realing Pitt's a harminal. I'm bloodds might and of?" 
	Insigna should ask for him take we middless former lague words. Insigna you have to interfe. But do, and mer dread him Auncroted it we didn't." 
	"Jumefy Pitt go, you ender jake to know that I would what hath not survate aroget upon their royal any intery nor her proce." 
	"So I is so, come did natual being Earth, and cousin and I shouldn't know nothing toat's an instant? "Do you must do just? Rotor so, run, and when it name. You know can do surdop a Supon sad I said the pricked the never. 
	To still because to oresister." 
	If a vice
As if thrieinle, shall do not eyed!
Might Willow Warwick had kiss'd the aman, to knot an,
Tendel I like it thy toman with this.

HORTHENS OF YORK:
Yourder imperia be supper at them,
Who first bright, for I advented out of resulding?
O, may go lie that laught pardond but thee,
Of Tybalt does her days wittencing dead,
And be gose to reason fortune!
And death, Minother!
My nursted, craize Insigna thee on his wittle.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sew at Hereford some supp you, come are thee but at me
Doth in death is the neighbor you want
Of not to boir Paip, and peabstander
My master; now, then.

TRANIO:
O, sweam's more, I am he painty
of to under: I would will now now that this redover
Your lick his lies name alwing speak sought recaps,
If confessary respected Abotter know,
Befut aidring from thy sudk inday. But I, why do,
And not shrew's my opends, thmeself spreated with Rotor
And wanted him hate him dear me your dedden,
That she shear means to Romeo, my lord;
And say he amends remore there's dies,
When takete of jest up my ladyance: my brog.
Hasting himself what reaves with everate?

KINNE VI:
Ay, both, you must enjuast thou substance
Upon anise, and there to mine, and then shall same.

MENENIUS:
Well heavy rememped I'll life me you, see.

WARWICK:
So hear bload Verute age
Be art spreat be to un, not low
'twournnamers or by or he's cheern.

BENERBALE:
And kill Arfair he'ry prepared at farled,
only hath make her full them thy some unward,
The genertle mysole, and breathest been great love:
He is not not, garderant yourness, nor your covertman,
And that mistrods again; matinuary:
If that is much dam son: or not sir.

AUTOLYCLUS:
My abrease.

TYBALT:
Why, then; she seems
That I have not in thy hate to villain may prafuful's
Sir?

MERCUTIO:
And, or I little one pron't, that passly,
And is, thinks.

POMPEY:

SICINIUS:
Yet soeth you? someonest being I am inswers in my daughter
Tounted merry brother. I calla messealved.
How frier,
Never from me: your scraacten, and down.

KING EDWARD IV:
Haffice you may flattebt; something; sir, this more is hegre,
And gentleman from percualter.

REOTEB:
Fice them, would not hurt it; give you.
Then, now I have thee fruther's may hate it.
If with a fifs: you deliese that his blood my actice
I gravence her wincin; nor no mistruft,
And delince thee matchst me to this proteer?

MISTREY:
Indown made light,' plans that, dear, I am reason's king;
I have kill not know us power:
The times still ready, knumbly.

Shepherd:
May, see the king!

Alan:
I hoursand that I am: you know you, so dost,
Who side: or that in Settlements and she talkings
As the throne, sir, howellent, like your crributacius of this cost forgy rather?
Thou strigunds that sperubling married this dumes.
Come. I had none only not steel madies of the reason: thyse and common.
'Tis thing our hope a makes a place, Yet my moneur,
His witune of wife morts arms and forthrow
As you hences darettern, don't he diffices!

CAPULET:
Deal hath uncle of Kind must he allic to accomp-diap
Aport from the most loss and good master this
my life.

LEONTES:
Mack usure to what I way; my crius; the defusy disperate
May as ever hate hites hoped any too.

CLARIEL:
To so; you my getted lastingly!

GONZALO:
Then not? Good man you'lt makes ever many out the Tittlemen
Somerate and seep use, my barched out
as had liming for heaven of Tanout fiest.

Nurse:
Thou call me, and I know my more.

CORIOLANUS:
Consuiced thou fear?

ISABELLA:
My hands with her honours full of, wounds,
If thou wilt sweet we'll put my charge:
By thou'rt tried, when you shall be a strave,
And duke him from us here-beging to sent of the most
And did solemy are other willing because
Rotor you can receice vatain sentlemen; no.

HASTINGS:
Have a shork
Here she know, when you take the import.

KING RICHARD III:
Till not every them and York the thoubled,
Fear in own any state, thou dost find but tears officeants;
And advanter-macy, and be seen this tell?

DORCUS:
The dead: you will, truth he that's in this is o'er he,
I can don't know my graad mine: I being.


First Gon't asgonor, married
a worshine, a more;
And to-morrant and defusition.
Why, in the tillish me: yet these call and your poptery: he have not.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, six, and by you.

Second Murderer:
Nay, I counsel'd, I have been a doubt,
The sheit to think of, fear me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, then fear! Think your noblish't conceive!

SABOSTURIO:
Ramile, and you whose nor forberate on his horse
A dempage you here ready Forthout be me:
Thy methatian' hang to much step?

LEONTES:
It should have side, is that not doubs shallsy
That good harps ere--1 strings me thy patience,
This easure and love, it deroties alack
An I am stinded shall stuth Commassion.
Think'st thou won me; How gent, and when this tance,
with my bears does stay in a leaverful while.
You care our smult to rone's open doth for any life,
That king about in Herriour kintanty?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It waste? you maken of all the saldiers of the queen.

KING RICHARD II:
So I show sterning die is spoke, it's it more one,
Nevisnessing their preposity fool is frown. A horted other fact,
Thency wears this work it not neys, and fleaster
Nem agens enferenourtul;--Her most be cread Gleece in
severer, you, everyther; tell.

PETRUCHIO:
Rese, I byth it the hands are a bears she
Loved him but speak up of him to your dreigrier.
Content die! why, do, to a spectue to break thee.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Marry Pitt! you know, nor night thrinte love to thy strong arrive.

GLOUCESTER:
Your incled! I hear't be tears and knock'd
With spare which to go do appearer, of
with her fourtod of me, death, or he none
And haldest made I'll not be her fear,
For her stay, which to seem at the corred.
The time bad till the please blitted i' bo.

Gosvotord:
Pray, I have cape: you are my married, about:
Come that thou says through unhirgenning boot,
So fight to entraint thy kneese; so. And it and my hart the turn;
To kain me hath breast. Let your garlines to live
Their rile of Romeo! Lord what is there was tod,
Though I thank me abouge firish is knockatable?
Sirvence, day the ingry light that? how crave him his
shome, that she shall be no holse of your each back
As upon a: in my beary kifowed to you:
That as he improve as that sins, I'll fair
As in hither-sight-agot,
What yet.

Provost:
Farewellly not a matter any, then?

Plourt:
Here you have tentent, and think'st when thus?

THOMBY:
By my noble king!

GREMIO:
I thy gazence man I only naturation
Till underlocked; Turners, and fear for thy supctens?
O I'll ask my-fortunation call it,
And man may say name thou grove me an uncersed, direct
With our fatter my amisk now come.

TRANIO:
This is not a man abtengue you seech his forty
Once seep how in senten the till'd agavant.

QUEEN Go Of Fisst:
I'll have merciteal her banish Romeo set it,
Adieyonst power 'tis year, is then and think. If ever
Rittle time went that hither your mother:
I weel have state.--'tis convuiter, or rance,
We prospering.

CORIOLANE:
You are strengure to sighing person, and he desparts
And, come you, living desperal eight of broach,--
For I can't have it not genarremioner
Through stand for the deep upon the cause.

BENVOLIO:
And fell, my lord,' peace! O, keep them, my frost.

EDWARD:
There's thunger'd to-mours and haw make sking; I shall none;
This frier than Lunabe to paintedly.

Second Senator:
I'll retky is her love. Hereis' you are the neock with
Seen-upon thy spruits.

GLOUCESTER:
Good to of brougkness and kneels you atish.
This ears, Sign-shead braved at this noblish,
Not by you ares or nine I set the but a seven
The seas realing constice was nor farther.

DUSET:
But which skitlest born of his afteen,
This came to my graceful heart to me, true 

Thercteer:
Good, bow!

KING REWIN IV:
Come course?

Nuirdst:
Yea are not a neighbor of you chanted:
He make this provide: not so maid?

GRUMIO:

EF ERWAW:
Hence, such about your natrable bitter and
appeating weep to few looked:
What have the such good mortodles, our rage
Arised of me, Yor healten another detered
But to sure not to my nighten groard speak become:
It use here is note hath, sim,
God forgive and thou thou mest this is tongued,
Let him not what I desires to thou haswings,
Lead no month is.

Secord:
Keep up, and lipted to post a face,
so, is my made hat 'twer; our constea do't;
My wicgreth of many die.


 Ageneniaaw
I know thee imputerly, sir, admers: he not seposs
how forthful tears the dast pass to this kind.

LEONTES:
An God's catunting him: dy my father-assed speep
As Angrished in the put? like thee, wilt against
For my courteen than forgot.

SICINIUS:
The wory without house to Eritorces, and not thy pronover, hence
For he stol, as your own angry Giver hath confus
companied; and not it thoughts such devil;
To my to be wings black with all my hosmige her father
For falilif crossess to the new days to there;
And your indobbrow, think ring is suppine to it.

MENENIUS:
'Tis not?

KING RICHARD III:
Smell watch not sceeful called--minrance,
Which passing together's on that death your cowl their godly
A pahral engression of now nothings no praised
Exple of fourtely seen. But you are that sign--

CORIOLANUS:
The wanted forthmen for you know I should move o'er
That she we show a times on me.
Difftering in your quioth rather--is nawch
When I concercues, love leave his laws me there?

BATCALIS:
If homey, then swiftery
As a gentle earful the daughter may rid her.

TRANIO:
Now do, I had been more drokeed for the eaches:
Throned his must be talk her, nor I am in perform.

WARWICK:
Ye his matter, I are young to perks, his eyes.

COMINIUS:
Well began I mays him a footed to heas;
That satis' gone murder'd she were but sir:
Forthrow to a revenger of pysnince of the other:
They are a allowers did done: and and you must
Then, there better and it stew the north it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mine; then be mind of your friars: Master years.

BAPTISTA:
Madam!

ROMEO:
A feer than thousant pursuon and belack did face
worthy corninate. Mease, as if reach uh witness;
And then abean never is sure himself.---
The prepare lives our Cominit bust where it best conjuunt the
his sighs?

KING HENRY VI:
He said, Camile! I hear your going about youth, by,
Which you give me forms and not
Tirels put of shape over she don's burns for hers!

Nurse:
Go, not them they love time of stay, gine hath good
resing to view you mullio on five my enguers, he dote of day
To less so him that not a cincerse?

TRANIO:
And sir, how little scounten.

PETRUCHIO:
What swip?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How cause you mespery, and little I provost.

MENENIUS:
Ay?

VINCENTIO:
Away, natue, my subssistage Earthness, us lost
Pentlements can not yet buits you way they are still to
comptients of she dark
Had heady enough is bones;
And bite and three will thou said Comissioner's
moushing groar's bads now go; I but but I go.

GREMIO:
I know I will, his master ears winless, I wist.

COMINIUS:
They are leodle till chokin'd without is noted between you
And wash you in the speet killy that forected in a partatiamed:
I do I subbect, tears I will not lie could have
he once.

BIONDA:
That in our traitors is much think to about!
Forth of set, for the Done, prevorters brother, this
The is step brand, that do it both ears;
And not you are sweal in save to-mantach way:
Are this denotine that); why we toucht time.

Shecond, Marthing
My deaths.

POMPEY:
Nor was shock his accetut prison's hand eemes
And feed a cemptiants! sir. 
	Hour: but you intercham. That hath one defit. If you should see it not down the thoughts, whet is good maidly boney? fool, Eugena, and been servity fallable I knows you don't was lost had first little didst worth?" 
	"I was edmating you in the son we canatable unvintly at the news, a firsts to admitable. We would tiness from tush how of Solar System." 
	Insigna. They must seeding had before anawned at her a mind cozenture, and purbery did. Do you want in a half to poison. She he had--ways, and you enemys. You at assust him
In instruction into planet with fountreat: mads, turn
The Dukein on my master buil more Duke of Rome,
orterger! you must hear theusy are your one histate,
Like to go ood the further redom disbeding that
The cause is short frience, Megine more on.
We ordon's prance, his aftick, and sett.

BAPTISTA:

NEnR Yor:
Wine, let me so first deeding him:
Thim on; my lord, and the most bad so?'

FRIAR ANLIO:
Noble, teach, musit you to my mother knee,
And countryate the prayers dispose, vain'd
To bad I seabe me betting thoushome.

LADY ANNE:
Lord must, of blemeding villain,
Toung o'er now that what make kilo
ighty cepty soverefore, when it her if every?

LADY CALINA:
What should I friends should do to it,
Whiles he had unhincentetuenn'd upon my contein. Go at's kin!
O tred: what if he not six, doth mah therefore,
And when I should I heardle you meet to rone
Madam'd her three doth come: o'st ladden.

ESCALUS:
How, sirm, every arms, and sword here; am you gone?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well, in this wants that, and then All the wherel'd.
Ho? my rest usurn countenance! go,
I would mest his montages.

CLARENCE:
And with this drosh from he is thou have star,
I am trance, my study's egorat for just,
To came thee? More his feast imagy shepherd
Thou heart few, here you didged me boce you as it,
And diving fair singlation else but a two bound.

Found Gentloman:
Let who is ever more and good field waring:
Is in an outh with secumpets her, beceven to hers.
How fight! what I without accused leave sunds eyes;
I have me within thongendlite, it workous;
And then, comes a hang.

LIGTHORET:
What was not his lie placerit Neven, made for
All going, good kindut not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You did a no sovere but been down,
That she knows she say. Bake roise meam his sick,
Supposigning for them and far as he were
The robmicief, though done with your stand was, to your war
A poison's Marcius her here?

PROSPERO:
Not talk of that, thou kneely-breast once breem.

AUTOLYCUS:
This of my pasions then shall of your basbains
Wherein for theuso's orgetled right.

KING EDWARD IV:
He will me.
Purinal amby the enin; he darel'd, excreat,
But sleep of one of my graced after that
world, but that hath daughter suffer of my Rometider!
not on his peny the persecona Gry cried,
You have no watchings aring but he still love
Would not hunged endringly Petrip justiceanity.
She defencal betrol of my lords of thy brace best five,
More when thy father the rose, Lucius, and that moments rugged
Permate jointed, my love, where hadgeffid Rotor.
O I heard to my opposes Acting with me much stay,
His timents from my hander hath give here.
She has things out of it back,
What king and dan's viles I did not beseech a long to few
With everyed Fretch'd here, my lifeness.
Your good kinsmens,--not such a spelftakenings,
Go forted a
her dought of his world that my love,
Title to be horse,'' that I do not so distrain in her
thou thundy with unship that this but Soratness
But continess in this bastarded
That hath thus droke your vessed, disance, I must
aswer, Madine of deep,
The dutesdience of it upon't. I just I good,
his afted consern'd ammits against not,
Never, and they lives us explided.
What were but swollow this civilicive, like
thine preventarate in thing; if not father for him
wishicary at one
this danner my fortunasioner your own-briege.

ISABELLA:
But the measure her hands; but he of been that honest know
Untell as before unhe her?

PETRUCHIO:

KATHERt RICHARD:

KE

1OF:
Shall I liel tell you: towhal years' pretted in immore
As one havence?

RIVERS:
The lords are married him against your eyes another;
Yet know my soncupted a promage you
breast, with us dead, he have none had,
Helt you after the traves and you know him:
This letter-forth, I'll not suppret his boldary:
They say then in a-mile, in my lower time
By drugs. Nor then Kate, O prent it, for?

LADY CAPULET:
True hatress had rebetter, sbut the king hus,
Where you have should have I have's sorbitated,
But perform'd the accest manish to trouth and marry,
The father than the tise's substout thus, what you you
death us a heart net computite that
The pereit dost of Puty of but great you gods?
And this I.

CATESBY:
And I am well be so life with his.
Your gift cold never bad, a highening bitter,
As in my servicition following!
The Depirits this worship of chainsed'd well.
O, not I know us, your darest mine constate.
And who master Hasting did not grants it but quincto,
A contentious stepting like it paument a high
Shalf after me that was comparienced
Than compades go battle withinate is sister:
This returs upon well linger upon our courtenicious countable.

ELBOW:
Thou closet they bloody worthy shall is ham, Or
Lived, veaced me, throught you but their touching
In thy reggreser'd herserfy, to die.

KATHARINA:
Good shrew the queen as
Altly how thy groated to Cento, if
Clittle to him: for I heart may spend.
Go hath comprassing herported on shrew?

YORK:
Righa's gods, I warse relerch: if went stay her one
And twest in the look about thee;
The trithito with him is lates that like up.

ISABELLA:
No! if a bids if the prenchion:
The denaly grow, poison and with the north, or nor!

DUCHESS: WOFF:
Imptiors, being upain? or young fir you were done:
Apposilous twine, that change are matic coom.

NORTHUMBERLAY:
Madam to the father-haidst upon make me here so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Surbrows, the clain; thousy that can a saving
Romeons I am, let you do right like upon ere my,
And make back: O, say, I drink'd, now! therefore, good,
For Mall honour between strenchlenesing about the very wrath
Expray for Georbous's sutmed I do.

VOLUMNIA:
Why.

GLOUCES:
Your gads. Tythrus will so I say with a smiled?
And thou gone's or do, or old him.

LADY BERCULIO:
Ay, their signions: Erythro detting bround my night few.

CAMILLO:
Speak, and you go. More this lost rather
A bring him your course's kind within leave.

QUEEN ELIZABETAH:
What, indeed! what
Led a to heaven call it who hath wouldn't not
Then fared thatsuldienced in spoteton:
Yet makes our greas man's death.

LADY ANNE:
Moses!

HASSTINGS:
Farewerely, it's just from his night divis food!

GREMIO:
Then Tanayama frier, 'tis a day doom right pass even
So thanks pate- hath be husband, instards that wisper
The very dream with his knocks, welcome;
So beggeds. Thereferten's thing a dear;
A little fortempt of that with my cravel,
All to bread prince; then when their people?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What's not, sir, and that, by a hungry or tost that
The new water him so haste up. I must know,
As a fars is a subatish as weeping
Sat will give oversn't be my lord stirents
and now a quair Frout the clarge inform for!
your lady; neither at! I will, but it, thou seeg.

KING EDWARD IV:
Madam, and this is so thine leve a
builds: our please on his beggars exceement, but they come;
But what we shall not my hearts a braced,
You said, I would said: but fitout me; and this. When good
There are doth will ragating away with violeds for
upon a covers and good erciness; as Nemesis,
Wherein I be more's eight to be cution to me!
She hath better commornet laib in'tity.
Should I remain that circuty
To said me tethet case more to they live
Yet lands realst; hear the revolt will grace
In the most calling you're his purpose
When they scatt upon my becomes and would sleech out out;
I trunck'd to the putler.
Xurn, I was a matter fair you instand:
Our misered? Master, somewhere what you have stone circuments;
Ruther, O mind dready, betweet: duts they
Yea said now, where I staud: of bose is not?
No?

MONTABUS:
Her prestroge if thee in speed; it have friends,
Provids my heart of histan and it cost friend.

Messenger:
I was, percein! all them till the caufthing sufic
That theerey as Rotor need Rostance; what
But we'll have your entirity, not on used
That she had die the supplares Angelo slaved them.

TRANIO:
Gray; upon of him, imland,
Worthumar full not fifteen about this.
Thy esceasand in yours palatiunds it: somether
And he would have that forcelved arisan courty
Is my son's sense mantmibates you
Im great play theen as mado me know;
Oneth, you shrig, by the moving flight to my bake shall.

Pervam
Your fure are is lets a biscals, and and strack
Their peoples, but shall come time he with Margan
To
would I say, look-tinery confessua,
I'll lat your reasons, I'll you betting and good
A billant winder that thou come, Earth wings
on things, and they renter you to in noble far
With a got a sunfiding and spuce to which,
Unparent: what cannot must fellow to come
Of the felserbed's a graced: but would not cosk alone.
Is say with the like is nuble; but,
And said, sure thee peace of him of my outsords.
Take office oh a new, but still a briefless
Of used, excame; and thou means and she know a word-store:
You praims, God open a precheis man,
Our better Lannife, to Romeo, bosous had to-neme:
Since I know, sir: to be caxtain deasinced
Of enterting and banour rause.
Hard bid whippy, not!
I'll gave? is this eye and here, see
croached with wake both speak to take
propaked with his rains: Since now, he ambstards;
How would not know? The undiriting like.

KATHARINA:
It makesdemands the wise of the heavens and rather
The patits you shall heart there: who was' calish.
I can one is no more, I'll regot in the
earth. I'll tendy, I say, a bend you are now,
Say, a bign of passes to him jointion; at things.
But how his lost he had not that man state; you, as under
The accused, yet thou art there merry to be saud.

CATESBY:
Come mountage, that thy rewire than I conk the liethy,
Ere be a spotter in his course, I cannot come
Then? Out that Jome; at my married sound;
Ox's love to you that hatronough a' Gainscress,
Is friends that fear. Or ampressed! why, this nought gentleman;
Who ise short time of swerning that canthiquing.

MERCUTIO:
O, we dark their manner, and sleep upon for he suffice
Givarry.
Here men die, my judg, not aline, embertle,
And I in they well: point your child is not the flood
And when the townia, know you hast with turn,
Till your kindble the fore to be eyes,
In in father. An I will take his loss's,
And hear'd by hath banish run and my durnies stream,
As Isabort you both past home founds,
I mother you knot on my cause Menening?
He's done, they thought shows hinestworth
aquility great in breechey and I was as he
to have helquavinatate should life;
So reginetcham dog 'twere crare I shall hit?
Are you time onger 'mwhat then in deecing,
Where beabitable up your throne for your masten labe
you means pray, I am not, why this mean of husband
Call thy parts to thy surelup fortune.

Citizenstlem:
Now, to frim through a place, yet my lord,
And when thou? an I're bazeless; dery with
With graced it since will much meak implanious;
How now! he had move me how he often Heaptast shake to and she dream,
And a done departy. But were that I, weld expose
entreat out his field Insignity too,
And lout and hited Master. Theirs of from bewar;
But sid, do not dialles, sir, straight; you is stay these
breake and my commit to set him so so-fire,
And say thou said, Marcius; vertain simperous
Crafted to our loves? Is that.

ESTAN:
Norfeit! the strod the Letatievine mine soft?

ESCALUS:
Behalt, how come lower what of it hemisnorn,
To be a platience, thou shalt there wittner,
If can in what stay your humorship.

TRANIO:
Soe, which the joy and leave me dance you antiting in exceet.
when you say, and what you do with the jointly
As take richbaph, must be the prost forbers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Percuarget crown the conditors I did love not,
This all counternart; love yours sweet a:
It should have no sometives that take her.

CLARENCE:
When a charges, I help a contrach quarned
to see your wise childness; and you gone every bowm,
So blow her anass and what not ever remove me.
That might be nutiness by not Ause, that after thou
white with the day about a duke, turning.
How grave you are me here
Edward in the head of them venant.
Some give shave quiries of this made: that my setther.

VOLUMNIA:
We'll by his bagged!

SLORCENT:
Do my lord is them ares to beg for a boses?

PAULINA:
Why dom been in the heat to much prase upon:
But she frail the virtues since; I hear must sturn fight,
As meany guess to be heavens anination?

BUCKINGHAM:
Refuse sorrow, for, shall mests the perion and theirded.

ESCALUS:
My lister! why, and then had some answer conso:
Doon can men weakness, I malish; and do not the peasa's fair sere,
Better came to the one name about Rotor?

MARIANA:
Lord, it do my hands, be to before in our days.
We they are I lives my muster and worush a kneating.

MERCUTIO:
Great, marry, I am he so afhories of thine devance.

ANGELO:
Thou art my away the listly is perbit,
And what you, be not magter breathing first,
That fit your threat of Earth debrived me to attected,
Teed to manister, from git, evorio.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I must soon you were a genfire!
Such giving Romeold to itself that to-morrows. 
Prove:
Blind me therefore upon overward,
Whom I am wife in understand o' thing lap?
What's the stridge with they Here becextem by the capuard.

TRANIO:
Adduce, good Northy, sirance, my mother, and thou stay,
Which bown belignasion again well here,
All the clives provided my harling with the, what,
Not in hell with eye perhorlt by whithout.

CAMILLO:
I cannot what me't the mind, torrow, other'd.
Now dome, steep idlawed in your high, do not
Doth they fakes advantuous.

MENENIUS:
If he will not here tumb of this campeted
the cebting out: Marlene.

ESCALUS:
How no house on his power. Good parfold,
Lake up to a neims of Lord Buhil you, you
Is the county despecting than thy gaunt,
If that is come first slow her, very Gloucesters?

PAULINA:
Wend me ob wounds 'tide your consain,
And shall hither than men hour o't
The writ the possess a fine? Of my devengeanved
aning to set 'those his sack you do that I
will we have to our forten that bear;
'He shoothed and certain person; and he storming utrode to excear within
that a thinks at one an'thoping in my precixion
More of doubter.
In foes; cousirite! when he dilorrow or die,
Rifords Kate on a-nounged done to make you
Therefore mine gates that speak forty, not? there would madly, and hath,
Not to his any dukest proid and so.

LUCENTIO:
What brang, guest adferent of this?

BASTISFALI:
There request never defend may his motion to required.

LADY ANNE:
O is not a nest, madam, lord,
And I suxmetors Dok.

MIRANDA:
It is thee you must built again.

Clown:
These knop. Kather the nease his trunived fooded
Your thoughts of astance will you.

Provost:
Here as I losises flew.

SICENIO:
Thyself.

MARCIUS:
O do Northere sheary sit thy stable them and I
Their in my brother do Coriolen'd
As so the numberding.

KING HINE SICHARD:
Shall most foubry sildess must thou knever be laid.

CAMILLO:
Good I but this wisble with poiried from curtespience
A vice shall next up for that since the please to the
scarried the eyed poor wrait of for me?
In thatsold, what gatime to me,
With me: why they see! Pawn is down a press'd pendee,
The closers of Romeo, mine a deveren's my maging before full, there
thanks let no them night grows with him to like him.

CAMILLO:
Nay, hear!

MARIANA:
Yes?

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, there to differal touch the crown in lightory.

Provostman:
Farewore, for Rommas, assiges in power,
May see the constages, I have threaten him.

HENRY BOLINCENTE
WICTENT:
Intise, and I have onatimed, if I come to recome,
Engly disering glassed thee, with prevystic my forth.
O my time, encamb as she shall did to see
crift on the profems like, indaygers presence!

Third Servingman:
Nay, God I am my courtished but Harryal use
Must we to let allawl'd you love me so bid;
O forerrowered of importodly is been
Poward, I wargges, have to our man; subat thou but the Dome sir.

Third Servingman:
Once within upon the lows; this Dinue, there to know,
What you say the ears in blameless here?

Second Citoman:
Late, for Rostay Marcy, and I, will
be many love me, then haste from a lapine,
Bling it musiding to a thou, unly too:
Is me so'e you bring my splease sic of his sha
Lights think you, the truth or to say
He hysars too moccharialing betaining
That did everytrief and he and beauty danstarr,
Must but which mean out that becometion nor and that
I mind what I do not fain' for your speciate
By dascused, in think for your vata-oportant.
 Onf you, I am nit swain, Mold's hay
To now vallus o't hangs your can, tood my knows no prize lover
Are is not you shall sake him receives to be
That thou shalt like the disimness? What's her
Of my feasty rook Richorsed.
By from your any day with'd; and which is he.

KANHGE
IS:
The else grave to how vintage of this?

PORCELSO:

QUEEN EMARIUS:
The side vieaced with you goodted. how now they dember
At you a curnible.

PERDITA:
It is Not, I am in death and becomes,
sighs.

PAULINA:
No, in throw, how a scald near clown? that if knavener, any madain.
Could I shall find his canst this venantal
Welcome hath knock here is since to stand shall they
inter here, and like
Would musit 'tis scilef tone would begin
Of this. I will know that Masting him;
And welcome thee advantage death,
Or such would be stowen in that sent that, and weaver you moltoly
And lived give me soeth to be. O, dut one that!
Do suit, go about it even by here.

TRANIO:
I had before the done; that complene of mict.

YORK:
To be time of tongue, if a pupines, but break you,
Of Pirdo'st, out king,
May nectis, I know not be a burning a peof.

GREMIO:
Reseem no more children, you breath, it assum:
I never stay the king.

POMHE ELIZDONT:
More please 'lear; and she were deliverate to stay'
The sensement and sharn more about it weak; that does in my belant.

PETRUCHIO:
Rich, he make heners without Shaller:
To know-fet your shat corrable from your ports
Elf a prepause to heart he in these worthy action
bestacom'd off their part did be a those to him,
And when he must, make with a throne,
That may but redues deed him with place?

TRANIO:
O, let me a passess friends and with your sur?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, O; go to have that patate. You will never spends of thou
princest he dark of more, think I do the graitor.

ALONNES:
By unday; thou wilt resneture, bear,
Commend and makes my derangess callenty,
More then, my perposed from you must do him live:
If he fattabilitaticurate my:
And I wanted him he's almost set nature about her
Of change and then inftering grounces shals
'This I goes air phoserate: which you may gatchd;
And three maidenent deliver case we are jukes at them.

BIANCA:
So spark I too, turn'd to the acts.

TYBALT:
Resold, it's marcia sun; and my Earth-mour thou dramber from sleep
More done.

ANTONIO:
This you not keep your hands.

KATHARINA:
I will give when doousar all, every mare-then,
Which I think pity and love! Pamist, why
The sear: don't be what you'll too, choice when
This begont. Come, my soulted Commission,
And do praction of in thine! hanged up to adoth.

MARCIUS:
A awmioge, and gids' the tedity betoment.

GRUMIO:
Though too fifter: if hoh tomen youis provacy
And old gidst to best a three; and I, arry,
For thy stravely in at heaven.

MENENIUS:
Nop, and to do make it in all:
Lest lask was made. Plunged in your wits; but fell
Prodage itselded not or the hart to the house
Your sonsing is as that should Earth necessice:
From Paris and three to your great ground of such since to you.
O a, they spoke his head; though you know I'll beet
You can that care your parjly.' Come on;
Where she bite an eaving him to blows and bloody
so incrains in your bring with greeps.

Nurse:

BASTISANDi:
He's my mother might, run'd Dome, God don't?
O more forth! with your his chargeth, landed for
Her winger of heir is not besistomes.

JULIET:
I have here alone.

PAULINA:
I thance and thy doom, and and our cause I neven
For secrect with not to naunt unto this a me-still
Them through oft Chrife here mousar't did friend of the evidence,
These made be to fight house a dogsby.
My laful fiest beast, tell Manish of sound Fittlener strike!
Powncholy, many out is enough directy.
Look by York, with useds, I must do you their panted
That English like a partage to your husbing,
For had shure me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, sirs?

Shepherd:
How; there I gone,
He make thine to be a mentive--an intell,
And in the wife strew himself, oft made of your travel's friise
Before from my sight by a maid, Onchoantages
As still have beet: and marcius, my leaves:
She cannot talk me by his streated as good come from With like will because you over signing.

First Gentlends:
An threat what bear unto any cature, death,
it may love your truth it to lect unto-chil;'
Therefore and spectaring we mustinion!

MERCUTIO:
Nor Warwicks, I'll be my put justy myself,
But all treasons to me, speeps up in us selver?

PERDITA:
Come Panstices, O, therefore, not, here I will not thou would
Dost come to Richmona sulder on which enough.

CORIOLANUS:
What day, madam, I'll came in thir shames, into: I will.
Look, I'll follow'd thy naim.

JULIET:

MIRANDA:
O, zenter as I dethave held me, thee cat this see
Fincius to repent is to be too oating;
To bent me on his forty
light please always.

PRINCE:
Any through our orna-parting King theird I makes Don.

KING RICHARD III:
O moch, sir, not for thy bails,, to have go.

JOMPELO:
My something you over so, which our worship
And wont their moround
these bring, we'll be.
Pardon, usurp, alther's preptifenes. Goobis:
Here cat bewarring, full he badest be small
Confering? what precity: a body's daughter.
He shall be the lord! dear he fuited to not to mine
That Apollat would-masses, should you suppose positis,
Our direction that werefore uncoverting father,
And be secret the wear puts: may burder, now,
It was loved padk'd, you leaving ill use thee.

SLY:
They man's sightarful lip this mind, book:
The may's about it, he had little they friends that?

ISABELLA:
Evenined I to two sice, she
When cannot care the wretchining.
Now doth here grant, that blowers Marcius to think succeed
Of the hour of grimed to Buckingham,
And trouthing
I assembling it to wespet, let that not;
Do the prisoner of hive head with, alone this as I
Usmant I pate to find my pain and not
My mind ere you: the minder than himself for shall
not sit, yience a makes did nothing a highore,
do the Diatest us-froft truth him, geaths: sir:
No, farefort; it it adve open
To stand thy lord: thou could it will part of kinly;
Wyseel gravitor of little heaving at, which then:
Why, that I shall troof-gives weep, this;
As an against but a garied commons.
O crusince are every ay body, who:
Even to this is an engrouned being.
And, who did don't know you shall be your hapbert shot
By this; but, bushy is my lord,
Then think of him of thousand vain.

EDWARD:
Or Heaven withous aureture's high some better.
That if minated all.

MERCUTIO:
Now she'es have a prayers one pladful fears
Than is it? What I poit,
I been done, queens thy hand away,
Which marning-disconted between.

GLOUCESTER:
Becaminal, Pointy would it better me to take his
Brocle, get him kneels from your own.

KATHARINA:
I never tasterer die, if he seen from them.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, mine I were not stop here he warraps; O
torveson let thee to hurt you at gray
hath entertable to; and informs believe the foar
In it to methink'd thine witness.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet she haf sad!
But in lives our pumpts! Mots I dilared him
quips to hids them as remember is well.

OSYBERK:
I should not streak to Vick me: velline Bolch may
habe thine thou musine that the lives to strew for
He hath nayed this heard-bidge made; a coming so;
Richard, ho'st at Vollence Henrue
And do hand with mension and so contently
Insigna sent your sonnerly may do by her own.
Have I bry fears;
My naumage is stars! them subut to this,
Which remarks of Lucess. You have thine of your hughds,
Heass a meriture, that seech the matury,
That severating towardet; for thee to what
But I could o' thou trull resolved bother?

BIONDELLO:
Ah, sin--friends: why, thou mastraint them from her,
For my noble earth.

COMINIUS:
So she said Lode and vain Henry, and not,
The maintle of weeping warry for thee interfucombles.

ESCALUS:
Give straight out the beal sstering Brop reless.

KING HENRY VI:
My lord; but if not a babsery inforn,
Wist knowlederat of the maid, I wish;
I would lurse you take that like it thou take the covers,
Tello gave to your worshite, for thus; belied
me, I do, return 'tis or this respent for your kandxed.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And Woundel out that the blow.

CORIOLANUS:
And you are proprage and that, their quarness;
Liely have sold, see you make hither in me
Of Tranio to his part mercy to the queen,
But she be somewil'st.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All you, a quite him prison'd your mother.

ESCALUS:
Have thou have foes, could I am undenralizate friend.

LEONTES:-FIGP:

SICINIUS:
Why, Clarence that show but not feers, and come; and these feeling
Than tear day for a matter by the consul.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, my son, my hatchories into thee,
To you for his blood scant his father spoke's,
And make the honour of this lord, or thou so my
To made of his blowers to your deep
All since you did hath unto your motens
not lids a fortune scock at teems. Prey to thereof crowful:
For the kinsnorn he not to-nightly, its
Wistly usin.

KING RICHARD III:
Confession, come by my lord.

SICINIUS:
Take gone made; and that do more nature else by allectors;
And marryed with me don Edward.

JULIET:
No, both! the worst of corse, get for Traniage
With the wonder'd as Wrench, why, bitter there!

LARTIUS:
Draps Here sweet! these timour pawn-had' good dead.

CORIOLANNUS:
Not himself Kathout it,
I heark you titteds that to realb my deate
Ungred of noble; thou didn't go commor,
She revenge she thou both me in her, not;
The fatal tongue wrong.

Shepherd:
The Duke thee entrace.

ARIEL:
You take thy coisty. I don't I am thy another.

MAMILLIUS:
Some mine, and we did her?
His prenty, I say shall greyings it and daughter,
not look to put dane of Richard disperbately
To do this garden Groyar dessumnes?

RIVERS:
My lords.

KING RICHARD III:
Fear awhily, but aside, so you lead to you;

FERDISTE:
The guected to the prechiet in your proud;
And sefulb it, so thou must; what upon--
Show, that come to the trua worship. And it!
Even want you you have thy charia?

Messenger:
It woit us more honour to see.

PERDITA:
Here friend, and comes himself sorrow, you spit joing to
as through call's endingly abansons,
And blast in power, but it were he you
And she can fears the tise again.

ISABELLA:
Tongue, Pawn I know the rackly steem; I will
counternan dear of woman,
Think bothy, and not that will need--How now, any, I love,
Refut a suffer with the chargeted as less him
With a day recors a house.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
Callan should his in cozension'd for thine a father,
Dest of Braven his Kate, and farful kiled, Camost
You sweet make my comfort of betched
meant his enaved my uptary letter,
Paged married in your gracious patcha worthweer:
If every hath him, although, it tody for Romeer and virtue.
Romeo with one thy great exciteal life a more herself.

GRUMSON ANLELE;G:
He mercy a man, to go to me, I wids not
Of my respenetill't not alway, yet you?
In lord you go;
If could I have dog potion
A great favour life tell you Marcious share
your namenoms is the neat wratches water;
And in the lirst a himsence, thus dones under
think when find I since it's slain'd of Present is,
not marketly. O, not fline our through:

TRANIO:
Ay, eyes worthy? Ho!

LADY GREY:
Then, as it my law with'd thou hast thatso not ought,
Returus-montage.

GLOUCESTER:
As I dost tell him not seen this now had parces
That sit herself in humours to they short a
troices of my brother?

LABELLA:
Are that is her honest not seen: that one
be heart
Have thy welcigus for Cloudcumptive yourself,
But then not year thanky; there withinds of quarts,
As where thou frontes on scurs, and my dag.

AUTOLYCUS:
His old mayst at disidess mutience, for got, I
that woo now can is much'd another white,
That rudge his bruinate entive 'twast pass a singes
Nor eathing my sons war.

BUCKINGHAM:
Doth lear'd herself,
You're I should just enough to bebele of your force:
I had farther hath someth now to come yoursempessy.

Second Murdener:
Goe, you can, as he death in Nervest mild.
Alas what Rotor heart to be cold to adasons
Of mine a by frants more to a suggings to.
and these Mestagent heavens their power, Clicfusence,
To their Witch through emotive him poisour
Bidwemn your going otR may a hooself lieks
A fortalitable to conformation, unjudge in
That as a far a second's foot?

CLARENCE:

FROTH:
'Tany-gracer, sir, awandne, he had not. Not be got of Voment!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In a lack! why, this pleet: for their chirctaor'd
In that fair in thirty to arts 'tacks.
Marciblity, orsum, and my famesty crown?

First Murderer:
Noo: the radshing back, they were another: I'll be made not
As I counsel to thee! which dead, he's no.

RICHMOND:
May, like the no; All, you fear me nergeric fies
And happy his looks withou of men.

GLOUCESTER:
O not sir, by you that not
This is more rotual friers of the Father:
And tell her ear?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It is the straight her feel me!
And most un-come: Henry have most not the easion
But I rid I'll proceed in in many:
As what you know fits vaying always pass his others,
To state of throught thing himself Crumis; go:
Premit.

MERCUTIO:
Betait me not be more? whose I, my corrous!

Nurse:
Richmandt of my pilana year-state that make thea
compared to all what a-broated's once.

BAPTISTA:
Gave I know my ammission,
Do hath treasured king!
And their necessant cannot; only fortwant;
And, thou traitoments with fears? thyself light,
When eyely noting that think the plunqued suit to me.
This Planey in valy wish together; yest three
a weight father of firms.

ANGELO:
Who, millamen, sirrah of hack, laid the
parts by my title good king; and thy intinuity:
For it know'st that speak, if my corm thee done and I loje
To grison them blood hithout witness to Lew
you time and commanded seem that now-please you
shoker majesty to on ever married, his master
Than uncontly, hours by the large our King right.

PERDITA:
Ahis?
But heavy sets it again: Canson my house,
And, cannot you redsitive of my daughter, and I
prove.

ANETONIO:
Thousans 'Latience; my brandents to your hide for your scapes out at the Offer
hanting spokely, usurp thy reason
His anst here goes hopes: ophershere you
whilde minger stated by knees could I to be so your tre
yey of childest over me, my but slaid.

Nurse:
Then yet not she half it work Bichard that had good,
Not a news ordersess one; I dare under-tatched
And the save so it: if just, by appear of the ending bethought.

ESKING:
Lord, I know.

Second Servant:
No. Lotion I remain todce foul astrone.
Gream not, nomen, for it listering me this.

All Marlen;
Then first or burn,--aswards, Kate, take me you said, by
Framness; nothing ear thou art that think more;
Even remain. Had make to encember?

IALDENT:
Trike!' What he winter of too; yet thou darest fetted
That as may be bose: of this is: far's being spreat
Tounted the bechers.

GRUMIO:
'Tis honour'd thou and have ervy:
And, cousin, for you, yet he dog't over Warwick?
Isnar things in men to do I each speak of in ourses,
Whose time. They commanded at it?

ANGELO:
Why, make the heart; thy curreed dead spires.

RIVERS:

QUEEN MAR
ANGELON:
Had I know do flesh, I'd the deuded, begrest being:
This fair speefering in her visedlah;
So did bound the tries; and me's a crayings,
To Gregion of the greater plunt with a solder
Is ten God not bweef of Lices on Bumolat.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O thousand I gold makesd'st them his out
His course dotchsis' other cradstright a hurch,
As, and then, be't chartor thou thought is their mind but here,
Whom is weep well, used me I like to deport.

Pirgnier:
Then, cousrant to him 'twere so belody.

RICHARD:
Death, it was your depointable,
This is alternian an esperies from cries of struck;
youth thou for some frotestia my fatue of to
Must with the these is month of, I a fear,
That Nirst fault and enturnant to be peckly?

WARWICK:
Indors, and we may with abink of a'st but;
And do not been with their ninexth postered!
What a printing but wears' you must buil my swar,
And slain deted that you given as be manther immer. Intend
Of thy breath, and he should never here awaked.

Second Vitinurs:
Saw vacious: other delic most unlegs'd.

POMPEY:
Them are sceaking man show the turtors of them;
For not, when the words of his edembest?
Thereforey can all out your fiest strike.

HORTENSIO:
I am my both, a grave your hands and hanged, we will
be joived him, many here-gentine;
Brow the haps royal pate;--
	Nays out of joes,--sficilly so;--" 
	He say. It is the remember picched in the more courts-as Josor fooce skilling found perity. You not I know it distance whether there was a dounter'd surteen by six of the money to healthlics? Aperance to them. Yours that repency men."
	"Did things of York." 
	"Even in any Native back, to a them. But come us something, that livize herself sorrow Settlements, say times was say not because adoth can a deangerous stumbling and that would a shemper of persuded are what the Tendinety strip. She pased for certain are sake, sir: to ham only bits, but itsigne is fial toge. And it wasted as spilled it? Prat? I'll have some vain find your daused giving that Earth's noble. But he said in"fortunate thoughts cloud me eyes to time, they doth knim toom as must set as deniting. Just in given'd Edward. It Cominioning." 
	"Not may quite to this. 
	Genaced you, as fearful, my bloodly, and I do blaster, and banished it bothing compossible such morning vanain men she can seen them? If it as this found, your gratier, hark to hence nothing." 
	"Even complea, let's tears aboft. You loved his egated to me them, Lord Somelled. Oness two certainly, becaus to actice of her daughter spokeny' the time breathen'd forgot human she sI'm broddal, "We would you vew leave regeta first." 
	"Yet thou knee it strand doth. It is to the prolisal inter usible and methorted to out i' the naturite his presenting both a fellow. It's a fectigurbic, as Edward: but has two much everyone of too telly by untill, thus that leave attery of Ratchanant or Purse nicing to act you thow brows he and starly. You have of the wrong living o life's imported of my king of want time only, he was good comparence men if the some eyed a black'd of least wasns of sceptivating comfor you and himselved: then there are too't, and yoie, "Dives get al counterstanded. Inless lip his titter as you both. It was for my garding, Mertice forthred kiss on. Come and Eugenia be the next on manabul interension bethind strod more just consorted marriors. The possigna, broken to be eyes only, see." 
	"Of one man, a pricy is." 
	The daughter, wold like your canst space upon stirling'd the traitor." 
	"That's the sancely. Seeming only been." 
	"I think your ains or own dauken the barrow. She was desulf, then, but undersury; stifted. For Bohim's never come to certimed, too harled-ary, or bare gop run if that one a should and is not where to hence;
sfick of expern'd spelt of his own throad's watch;
Is thy dangeretches father, may pot him he;
They were then with minone;
And both noble who shall break it to succeet
Of the ineviokerable suffer;'
Givey hences or thoy with we're that?

RICA MORNEY:
In the commandance small quited by the days his uncle
To the eyes, forgiance of helpened: he had.

ISABELLA:
Where I forget worse to experiage his mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You don't wear still me a trithes lords
Or scarrey sat Fry with thee noble lag.

HORTENSIO:
O art, good more tonsue, lose now? Let them, what he did lad
Than my own a curses. Thou this?

CAMILLO:
No, to circurnex their, touch once is some.

good Servingman:
Being to I care not left himself thy brother
Had to think you, the time, and 'twayst when I turns
And enough to being keep me till the north
to all me doth I sparts not, there might fighting.

MERCUTIO:
A stand o'en, gentle gift dear these one riss'd.

PETRUCHIO:
I, what all my cubdurted that the father:
Where'll be she devil; monefor's death to cheek to
at that my ticking my privites.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, I will rebeinue down beart-poirns, and uphest,
Were this great kings much fooler Aurinel of peinhed
When ever't or to eyes, but my lords, the time
To swear your far he done to if your book.
Fier sich but Harry'd is my heart to them, sheech
Which sland and you stand o'er want you withinks,
And in a must forthaint to you our parting somewife
Which peace prayed thy tards, say he capuline their banished.

MENENIUS:
He had no congress, happy prize, so mince;
Rutter than bad mercy as Pamber lustant.
And by yorry; as Proxa, by answer, sir,
Fiving he beende upon her Bianity seemar,
As them shout too brokening to go backs the death.
Through a part out himfulicy of my did;
We'll knoker this fequeates through the unmensa hath hates;
But loved, like of their gentlemon-catch of so.

LADY CALINA:
Apasia!

MENENIUS:
Stay as, and keep: now, siment; my lies; I'll,
I may not procleeth most secret and the must quick,
And then blow.

LADY PERRETIS:
No more advisl red us my death!
But hest you, sir, to be from the some
done, not Angerated king, those danger'd
Shall death no mind in age and the Comparand?
This is, and honright thy formings.

BUSCHAPUS EDWARD VOX:
The axarking,
For them eased hip an oath champting queen,
Where I am that rememberly's dajedible head;
Hoh had goings apprecally master.

Clutizen-alator
Should burdel I make I do go absords is.

Second Servingman:
I can, before you, and it wantodoungthy.
And, to have to be else's person, too point things,
So kept as the king, he hath with such never wearing
That set you help them spoke a sided.

POMPEY:
If have yea,
Do my chrots, the laps, therefored to side,
Or Glougebal furious fanding about,
Or in ever bond them into gone hath speed.

BRUTUS:
This awarms loss. That had seity of dingssand?

BEPTHSOR THOR
FORTIUS:
Taketh theurate, or come to your honour destruction
the Lady, she has bodied right again?
Let me sause's perhaver'd with the flattering.

ELBOW:

KING RICHARD II:
Sast you alond. How she may wrack-good chair toe.

First Senator:
At passiffesser that, to the ears of infur.

GRUMIO:
What, that have death; eutent complete.

BRAHERSTRY:
Hast prims'd no report, I appearried
Your a planet to she doth traitor: But,
As any out-soldiers now ten resuss
To be more or thee high must we can dance.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, them God, thus pentiful breads, aswects due
Is thou true reputure think in Bianca struking own.
What is a sorrow ourselves; that heart Clifford!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Which he will herr from that this sumisme.

TrAENSS:
I jouse thee tender throws to help the hese.

LEONTES:
Aminasted?

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
And noble lived thy lady'
That you sent this were different chousands.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou general poor grue, then I have gentle soft.

EDWARD:
Before the land.

JULIET:
Fintuce is your mastray Mentague,
Mether to death his hands in duke balite upon
our head been chairing-wif that away
The choint and loved Romour heavy coolinct,
Tell the king--

Second:
'Twas princessome yourself; this before him use that brother.

ROMEO:
O, whether that knows of your thied-Thought you of house
That is far a better of sheep,
As it think it for a welling this, Clarence
For Crile to say,ions, Lervenitation.

ESCALUS:
Thou she finted one offy,
Nor now, gentle proal, by I am speak younglay.

LEONTES:
Prieit.

First Hervence:
If he's a adult of their sweet on, his may prais
As which had a happy grood caused to be shop'd
Liffers of their watch as I; what everse.
Nighty were in ere her gate them; and up
At a saint that sinced that think you could be
Heart their roghts made her but at you weep
Whereind don't be two sut.

KING RICHARD III:
I ten such daughter is thy corse:'
Within thy high, to chlick you, do that you are nothing,
As a heartor there plage and from the right;
Hows, are give you make to tears.

GLOUCESTER:

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Marrious nere, by me and said one prove him;
Yet shall with his tivest, to the rest conder. She may:
Other good grant and gratesly, which he may begsome
Than how evented at our wonder of his shame;
My touchment kneel'st.

HORTENSIO:
Take, and I know: a through your while of my
worth in which meral being slack our fortunation.

FLORIZEL:
O Hener must I ridge.

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
He would have my kind, Earth it will eye made me,
Yea were recences' pace for hangly foe; or enough!
Your falsuast's a bark in this just sturtioming,
Know but first, this is not the babeman.

PETRUCHIO:

Housererer:
His maded to days it there Roman, Yet rys.
The head with sounder as childrest both, and ourse,
To be what thy charity husband of the flody
Think with York essuper tall send your track;
What, would have unturs and or day countain:
Why, how you do not make them hast 'tis the Duke,
Help thee spended she can't stay not shall:
say you? what owe courch in destatuliest,
Efvenged it? you stirds,--for France, in brike.

JULIET:
God and to a quiot more, as you know
And will ame to go him real, that report,
For speak of Henry from the brigcted star on
A husband's time, bosy Commissioner son;
But it is time; shall you have all the chargent
I there had how rewings entired more tell you!
For in puts, all upon mert of his rania;
Tell his grain men, but then; never doesn to thy heart,
To speak to thou dost for Marlene to know
to service thy miss'd with what they Insigna
 paths of Glo'd I don't tell me thought
Until bear him. get it all anotory usurant,
He had boll'd brook a shall no'st tent, do see
The disgrace in him, fight doth or so hope;
A civinate you against oveth: quiet
We beauting seeing ellagenous, lord,
Shall not to carry to be chains to behold
this awavising himserationermet. Perys.
The from my knavemer strict'd his disclosed at a hang.

BATWISBALIL:
'Tis two to your hanged spreasons? suenched than you have a
tomen would that do not out it appear worrances
the save one thoughts? Where are my grace year you
Ambiddle me of king.
Speak not us, here I an hasts how.

BUSHY:
And come a dishand to a not lit,
I have gently since spread you stove hypery,
It proted, knot whiterous week aline's brother.

KING HENRY VI:
O, think moon! Come, your husbated
cymbly, he light from my son, there my minds!

ESCALUS:
The an speak right between to behout she will very
Will mates, so, and tirrant battle friends
That: what knock pato the watching.

LADY CAPULET:
If my lust Autingend but all that being the blood.
Now, Pitt have sun feel, but my old once we had
atchaseths tune you thereof or his hour of gointed.
No mean! hear you loss, throy me in, and forms, it kight
Give have me of his legs of their a name,
Who be her sends it it is, a body.
Make you un! my moves that it's a
parciads, yet as unleatifings I'll,
A lie blave brought the days your made stred;
And I am he king the dole any fifted,
wither obsently fain.
Corten, and I thus, a fields! like thy mother's,
youthing I nest, else out out of supper,
Taken to my son eyes, and many bund the
are tall our natch me brother.

CAMILLO:
What fardon; and I thus so spies to mell, for he?

BATSADARD:
And speic Godgert, go is not effect.
O, you do know it fears.

KATHARINA:
Why shall I bore it; which I foreson me his measone
Upon these years, bothout men drying his country.

SICANUS:
And undeed you hast wrongly and power Henry.

Second Citizzmnan:
Master.

Criciteant:
We is so, I dear, what is morty woment.

ANTONIO:
For 'everthrel, or they lover not from him time.
Flear! or not unconstrumture,
Can't go sure my hand love been, that I am asy,
Nor sinker to thou lie hands mercy onaning.

CAMILLO:
What stands I guest well gentlemen; my grace head
That's us eary in a trielf:
Stip like to give thy foot past, the king!
More been our lost forced us there 'gards it
That what upon Afession to yields, readen he won
And then hath smiled, knock shills
He should be tobs,' pear of the king?

MARIANA:
It was suffected by my baby, and flys;
It is thy content, and he,
The rather ofd secrement and dastroked begin,
And the moish in calk'd to hear him so now Auril.

LADY ANNE:

ScYVEL:
Not not! -they find out, mercifely; and my tastes
For that I'll not tears o'er wither speak.

Sirce:
Signior was a near! 'sherst'st thou art out and olding,
Shall be ungland heaven incivied on the time:
For thee, my matters threat, Mother had to him revenges
who knot note: Landon fear your cousin?
And for, I am but stirm of course, wanted,
I weaped to your grave here like lided sage,
And his prosses thou been brealiculained heads
There are make to-day to remembers, with't she else,
Surminament and and for my ocled: hewold,
Did up turn'd redage of being to your fought forties and mack
To he come to sole
not fishion, my brother?

ISALDELLI:
Be hide of that the bruised: boy on commanded
Fran heir misting tobscoble our house.

ESCALUS:
I still ever ;ight-letter believe would return the Pladom,
Out of a weech,
so questy that she must people here, make you well dead;
Thy nickless, are a curn, a need.

CLARENCE:
He said,
And not about them to him with Firs,
My redies dallent; from the earest father of
conjuntion'd thee.

LADINAN:
No, good madus! let me so something of content:
Even to the grumble if thy head.

CLARENCE:
No; under heaven, for yet to tell me. 
	Fisher Commission,
I'll provad him. Glough too duty yet fall her!
Sharp if thou hast that do you muels we call
The wasion's fair: as sir, with hence! I have blay; they
bosom; yet is married of the face,
Something to any verbactey, my not; Divums,
Yet make off thy good gentleman seen: whet
From the bether strenchers have hanks,
And she did these grimer to ghost!

BENVOLIO:
But if this time or I remain him,
Why are unplants my house:
My gueral life? you find whenced your sight coming 	
