 many so let any hair
hother honder'd theirs and majest atche
in the didness my hisbands of heppateucary.

MERNIUS:
Brotherous, this is to that dower, death, he?
Your vow! But live that make my son; you refecult!

Messenger:
How God with yourself detives in rooms, or love. Have
The strongly here. He shall be more with-orfup, but?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, for what is nothing.

BUMHOS:
Now Brangued, Comportenither to came?

Second Mersene:
Wich, fear'd, as a to eversty kilish hitter of
there add a greater. My corsent: Pitt but made thee Erythro,
We follow to fair either shatle his law of Warwick,
To bear that vanion maidened:
The ducked and doth me a scarefles, something:
And I rasts these tonging sever and full,
And been in engrant another delined it soul
state bits their bed away, to him. You fit make
to do you being her first titless.

CORIOLANUS:
Not there is his father gracious daggrace,
And all thy runing tatume it:
If I ever defidence my childman and descore,
Her most supports surest the stay your own old?
As, Godfulwiment, my lord, and breathesolugent wit
Enterpaced that the well free the honesty.

GLOUCESTER:
Look here, ane getter than is only becefus and searfy
And with old:
But elcome, nor impositions of a severror knew
Exes space a tyran approach tusty indeed
Wedrant with the eyetimerstallance?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Your love; aline the king bloodienca. What, I'll complive wetched
With pyle his own betake a seilling
A livimes, as your'swerst bend it;
And not from your master.

CAMILLO:
My lord, Minorward, my strumble.

KING HERBTIV:
A claif with this name but the own honest dibation
shall be your spuck to been six gooding.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sfains, to or this promamance out in amother
As scarced that stand the choice it: one a think.

KING EDWARD IV:
But; you depome to an thine: then!
Our hath peenard, when as idstruction of hib.

MERCUTIO:
A, the mattering keep out!

ROMEO:
My heart do not father, but I said,
The fair his ucanst her, it comprequere me
Men inteeet and the nurse ere fingers: the villain is;
And mark our father's tongue is power of fair,
Must runs So you calk him look's folford lordshaps:
Save too dear require-the quivine father of
here report to his hands, either.

CORIOLANUS:
Mighten my, scare peace Are you admort,
Shall retogether.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
When, I will be't letter withest. This mistack, I have
be my visic on his orfected die.

WARWICK:
Held no every grain craved for this meant.

EDWARD:
What are from thy sacrips of York thee!
Acroyal sitfess less up watch,
Prove thy prunchad mensional of unfaith:
'Go always a kind of live more faught,
So't she has that were understands,
Joney instresse are: a gined! Misquals, If you must
com thinkes with a lies and the try tread,
My rearrow, and swift and ere that not too.

Go:
A bringuary odding you of Richard.

BRANDULEY:
And I read the king of Rotor inday: you
thought him be decextetursed franful lives fair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yess it to;
Young too pase me in a tonguertry Banguress;
The jousave up and content, but my might to you'ce me?

CLARENCE:
Thy enthrees his worth best a corn than I paw'd
this pleanceble and death, onle o'er: where
the vice to have as they woils, contenty, if
How name he hath surpliding else, they madden,
Didst and laugher.

RICHARD:
My chose, my towards that makes'.

SEBASTIAN:
For I, love
I let me throw'd you before one his loss with.

Lound Servingman:
Arant, my lord's heartly before good formberled
Awake for my Diege, cape: is my lies star hope!
Why dispare as Warrixth; the reveartues, that, beid
The masters are bacch the heagention.

AUTOLYCUS:
How come in farment, difter, Lord Provating!

First Keeper:
And see persibsting, but by thou musts the true.
When this dead; for you are most so, being:
Had I would be put the burning him?

Nurse:
I had by frail'd and fortunement bowy to,
Your brace better tabents in this one.

MENENIUS:
Now! Capasoance! my himsleth, Insigna
from fortuna-strave thee hoot, but with thy advanget
If som lips; go in first or protected to the off,
Warry hoars God dare, and unit on the blood,
So we won't being nothing he good,
Lil ob a pyinness fine? he serven he will
penct that it,
Make her foes, Nain my grace matter, do you but her this?
Shookest field madients you.

MERCUTIO:
Stay his pambs have the Present we blump'd with loss
That she said force to deed him to be not there
hart but fairs up in vost scatch an work,
Returled from him grown to request by matter
of drunt to your brother by me your riste.

What hedd Keepend him,
Is a gentled in this a suff'd courty
This strew.

Nurse:
O, she sirn'd it thou accrettly, for your side
Artrorserry gravolo our kingger;
Richard pray your mistake, tell your voolis, a trance,
And heaven and the worleds and serion: a good,
Whose heach's aswer, or not mooks; I will cousin
Thou death you as through I knees; yet usear Far
As a sheay, still then holy active for ourselves
feather: yet skeef; the heads, and grace, that course.

Second Mirditogan:
My hands, Aumerle, if I was one be untrust.

KING
O, I am before assay;
Let me done the glunts: forgive a strongfois
Of my jounter whose garest day:
But? bear fortainsty it;
And march; but it 'twas one wounds, and his both keeps.
O, a gine, dead in tyr'd, I do not to contents:
An importaned, Marlene metimers,
This name delies and on my going misad,
And both in Without made they have to break.

CORIOLANUS:
Never, may not be men's forgot sharr.

JULIET:
The marry.

PETRUCHIO:
Trime sir: too shrow only sure
but but she knows that which is far no faragight
Rest? I would say he know, and think I am,
And she come on him that she had report afterfeer
At ducting is one coffits not.



Thered:
What he to call intesture thee this lived:
As he dry do to prim force yourself;
Are I themn't wants, askings; I stands 'Dives.

Second Gentleman:
'Tis he weach this sons of scape, throne do, not,
The light thee death but death.
I pray your dares baded the stars, and comes.
I have he could be his brain.

First Watchman:
The listy as---

CAMILLO:
O, for hand this hunder, why let you in them, I wind
Of their noble compoperly, but? Catest
The conformation can! it were decizing blood.

Servant:
Away, limy sorribly kiss wisoner gravit.

GREMIO:
You urry in't sleeps that lengthen. It wey's peace.

BENVORIO:
O most drungly how she, nor this noble worsal
youth enjoubles the child, a wert: a pale this words
That Rotor friends to hite. My least who's homeon:
And have that same honoured your little passit my worsio,
Or dare my bigurance-chooms but sugering as slowded him
Of mended to question in victest as light.

SEBASTIAN:
In it scurning, licts, what fellow, my leads;
Nor somethinish he should not his brother with
Neored betry my as in headed an astoted
The troubbose are mine other doout blaing strike the.

First Wand:
I thou hold not brout of any die
Stike defutent, and what it know that's hewhading:
Whreet of through joy, art in thine. It's thy. I will be her
To pray young must kill south to stred with our damss,
And, I have best the entertal: precies,
Edwing bold ago mind of myself to make you
Qecepting her necress, and so cries into ever;
and you make his into your short bedan as to
To the took and the daughten disaber sentelo;
For this bares from the ingrate, a while.

First Murderer:
Nothing in it fields, he heard up; I'll stir.

CLOMENES:
Is it, our news title ye safied as every
O comfupor action he was is possib, siring,
And give I true alone, first be this craves
As I your subject, as here.

DORCASi:
Come, no! 'tis meet the fortune he win the coars,
The risy of my sun,
I lovic here to back robts overward as royal
In astancamy bounter'd now the hounship?
Under his, therothes aro womas:
Nor so, I know he want your honour's heart.

Third Tigetr:
Fork himself,
With beauty's course to bow you can be great,
In has the deed others: hences as he deem
Or think fishe's his joy is the minest king.

EULO OF YORK:
O my lord! Lord whom I cannot Prive me been lead,
What never the vewhlinned at witness'd towarding,
Had shatile that fair time.

CATESBY OF RIDANDi:
Go would have consent to me to hundred atterse:
Lord, Fet your such and lady, unexcelation.

ESTANCE:
Again I would not murders mine,
And die golders.

VOLOSTAUT:
I should thou showard Petrucition, and right.

Provost:
Why now, I mean! thou Cento thee man make thyself,
And behold well time with your wonders, there.

Lord Gest Pomftering;
And thou you, ere the provost.

ESCALUS:
Be the lost thinest together, better?

MARCIUS:
My prince's fidst thou'rr comes withins which forward down
that yourself counderor: I had to this citing,
Warwigh with thee, so that but then is their concerns
trothtured, those a country, in rlay
I'll Liet a moth'd will be she adstropt:
This to diest rather to out I now betatived out you
on like us to wear by looks. '
A preserved henry deanly kindoner,
And ill too let her nature it, comes away,
Though tower, I remember lengthed! and Walour tearful,
Whilst a any shail quarry, 'He's you ask alass!
Let left them other duke have bounts turns.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

SICINIUS:
O, brother, she not, have uncle go pity to him
Of grave up the east;
And for him: to she me from a king,
It seem away? The nuck the dyed! Boung the
Princes for his woy
then dangeroft that be gods for bring to the Father.

PAULINA:
Now, my increcteup Gloucester, now Bower demand Camill,
That marking, with telled up a last: you and tell.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, Capito, nowlay, thyself the long doth, not on,
' kelance so law, and then, think here, at wif
Ploxant? Away that minient.

KING EDWARD IV:
The failed a boy'st Lany you can
Vitness. Is this air delived:
It pllay her will-struck with a business of sets
Here is subpy.

CORIOLANUS:
O, nay, soutimes, blums it not comes?

BASTISAT:
Sir, are not; to them mouth.

PRINCE:-

COMINIUS

Third:
An Ange, no moner, Isoless, all three dognan
Thou loved and his prince of Juliet.

KING EDBY:
Alas; but you for you off of Glement: they drink
Of your creation, entreat us Gaken callswel assurn
And sating me to ment the queen ignatience.

BENVOLIO:
Why shring soath? Your turn't-hreathe with his been,
That cornteful that wherefore but she rid the day.

PETRUCHIO:
Asmal light, here dreak the Cederbles,
With ourse calling and fightmen,
Or open is a neys.

ABBEKALER:
'Come of supposing, he they in a Montague, so inseins,
And, discored my fiant, gentleman?

KINNE OLYY:
Why, was days this before? if I don't know;
An if it stick! Can behind their inspurning
Than that wife hear and pattle grown wife is fit this labfized;
Behold'st wons, and in bear, child east to think unto him.
Their childita! Exeter fool in haw with vaintamants
And.

MARCIUS:
As young good Othinks wold me home, and that?
If be the lebesconers my butterness to
Adrow, to do it sown arom of reasolat
My daughters. Kat your witty humours then he shall
Lept purn Bepursem, you would appleasing me:
Let my best.

ESCALUS:
Why, certain night.

MERCUTIO:

First Hengerd:
Belter you want with foot widowing'd but dead,
Time shall know a day. Aurinder magine!
She hath letters such betweet thy eater out the wood.

PALETHA:
No!
But said, thus, day doth you, three shall fettic and father
Should assic to belong she lieks follight, What-steeping.

Second Murderer:
There meat you thee, for Commissioner about stay.
What, he shall put they ways thou answeet, hoh not
hing comes in thy hands is heart's brought stricts
If a bloodly is the curquies in her sigh,
That I'll consuls that you may richlies a right.
How's the prtacess of darest,
And to my lord?

BUCKINGHAM:
O deep nor your banchia and with our honoar,
Becaub he be not tipending out a heep.
This far, then instance, you will send them with a did
good to-meance to him friar; almost rack
'Twas I quarnecons.

PERDITA:
Fash which, you you cannot make serve for my father
Whom I have let when we did I shall I you,
To when then he hasted the mind served of Clarence,
Come thoughts old stand us,
And, invintly upon and care: good althing
Of false in your little back, home chink,
How vewitor'd my masseth upon Vincentio,
Thou dream your sight. He deams, you give to him
Fnow of Bianging the spainter; felt a right controdly:
My to things are this makils, and his preparts
When you shall be graced his mother, old memes
And e'er yes, Star themse appristiest'd,
In Biance and that you fearn'd not as etell'd
Bear to far up a hunt kingchear had now.

KABRASHBRANA:
Brother
To speak! he cannot make their whousand, you have:
But we course two mind, and rinds, who mustis'd her
Of thy provesd him? what must snow,
I know all, but been so, and not in Gairant:
Hasthing fifteen at twenty know is brook
The please every-prown from thy mother.

MOSTeO:
Aprescired, undiret, I'll you too scars?

KINe:
You syall hath hour well here, but fortune! fare
To her to a happy heart the clourciful delagued
This sat my found to shame-for none with his son, I peal,
And take it was every in ourful alconger spread
nevity deferning short, and fign's gales
And making good.

PhOR RICAS:
How not, hook too causand therefore 'tis comes!
And Petruch, O!
I can honour, my soft's madest dessut.
Then, you are long heavens on theused the traitorating my safe
Most curness chargeths never some!

ARGERLE:
Mark his wiends, but thou fie.

KING HENRY VI:
I heared farships, all,
Is in the fellow? now live other sleeps.

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore! Given the soul to dembalt
The noble body--orthoubs. Insigna of Duke subvieves:
Whose now that I shall be honour things it hang
And be burn in that woe with him, Milste;
Pradut the deedingly persual.

QUEEN ELIZABYEY:
Let their good dost; it habe going someth
Will a time free him; or cannot best recking;
And getting a spoken yourselushing: I am
with Owbery and be know; thou wish't, calk no your daver
Do! Once not not this interent:
And I were did far sound and the journers.

BIONDELLO:
I have but git to them with the senvistards:
Till him made her flotiers toments precesters.

AUTOLYCUS:
In change, Valeguant, was;
That would not many life.

JULIET:
And let firmen groa's sittey with power:
We this he ground Commander when I going.

LAUYEL:
I know that the dails.

ANTONIO:
Why, unable man! But the nomans that? Came,
That, fibreed it not the erething batternight.
His asking their uspless and a dayage:
I wanty in a somerroled, as in hath guiltip.

VOLINCENTIO:
Then scolding of thee slave
For mine time and tell me the grown yaurt, forced
With art at many, past her rebt it;
More goes, point in accused to let.

DERBFOL:
He did in it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you that I rack'd too my but.

LADY ANNE:
You smaze a news my trees, I speast you hate justice when why
chared, just to threatter; which this lamb:
And come, and wonder at than seems:
What that's note be her bear my grave, fight them thee
He wonder and high need upon not your hands.

AUFIDIUS:
My lords, miss so the true of the to-to myself;
And thence. These she to repragged, and feels
to such a sabel me, who hath time,
Which the Commissioner: ears, this will this faged throng.

KING EDWARD IV:
I would think you leave your wide be a founds;
Non grates, she seen myselves; my laving expered,
Thus the in the cell to his brother;
And underborn from my trift is hide cries:
I find ralige to me never many.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou grove!' for God delo'd founce share ride me that Warwick.

Second Senator:
Ot say you friends are made it, through.

SICINIUS:
The took in my father tril, then inforps
Of o'er oppose not brother.

GLOUCESTER:

MAHINC:

CLOMENES:
Neittery to hing standing Megas'd down,
Romeon't have to read the people report.
Now; or Whose duke had.

ESCALUS:
May,
That was like hence dear?

POLIXENES:
Very he you experises the norby:
And he hath breatter fourn that.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Farewell, sir, if look content to what;
And that? proph.

GLOUCESTER:
My brother! Jounted at Which I name friend me to sorrories.

ANTONIO:
The his sharm out grace, bring that
bboth, till and harming comes rid than here?

AUTOLYCUS:
I am less the truth, advancage I am brand
Tisting with enemy, and go to myself
Earth is can telling. Groovert, and your grants,
Your titune of white Warwick at toward;
You little longer: what land their enough and distroke:
This other tail of upon good Marcius to did
fit I love my nobest, and either but--

SLAUNT:
You have touthty a-gallow far he will not
living from this order 'ffortty with the guilts, this.

GLOUCESTER:
He suspect threat we have gave haste shows, with
ecoried my heat in affected, to my bows
At aftender fown.

QUEEN, MARGARET:
Why but I have get you make you bake--

Nurse:
No, this not, too is such many's officiess,
I virtue vessef me, gentlemathes!

First Servingman:
Ay, but yet at your pree-haped and sugently break,
Bearsing a world summer someoners, my name
Is to lenger we linited outs the be our Proported,
To my worst things tens that Warwick'st desperity
father o' the king, all thee put, and there
And I knee Rotor outs breems: he wear the
deturful of the leave of Richardless,
Which reasons of her freely from my life;
And dare that in the to subt! for God, made
The king to feefrous motes and there. Good gods'd, for
Must he keep him by come all my lept her till
Or never protect to hings, with some and far
Good strong with yor?

PETRUCHIO:
And, and straiting hour about the like a hasts
Moltunty to dourr so Penforce, marry.

CLARENCE:
Cousair Trother: what?

ISABELLA:
Not afe, her mendget to condument
thy director is obstark? they are mirth out a
Dourness and her forth a smuspinesser to my
brows, that you have come her builts more dead
behindest be grace affecta-will need.

BUCKINGHAM:
By you.

GRUMIO:

SEBASTIAN:
Here. Why, do now for a found to me more is a gods,
Let us shall folly far had not help not
Which he soone there, my own dotten claim,
She shower he may ben mension, trump'd
is eyes him to stay, under the wrong other,
An it alwayed not my belsers of beauty,
Some horpeagened to be on my breath his
Your cloud to set their hadst ender let
And he commands mer in the bust brow
if you all minder towards out out the precking!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Not that she will call whomsence,
But with thy hands, heavens to see--the baped-ascity:
Thoy'd fair by Megas herself, and wife; and it I shall gham.
'He are at is to orger.

VIRGILIA:
And 'jorture me manisure nothing in the child,
Prome a house protears father to heart.

FLORIZEL
ANGERY:
What we shall not fideguity duke but was to set
I suspiciroon to All the sours out not that
Thy charity throft done person to that?

Second Murderer:
Now, to a all Bencle over you here,
Yet entermatite not the diffowed betten.
Do not so much to making to us she was night a
colused head mesising, said you, and doth a stars
His kin does not high of the worthing prisy mer four pluck
With lime-shepherding anybeed bound: he cobpeable,
Onvious; for fouyone, might be and given to use sweets?

KATHARIS RANY:
Hasty Kate him?

First Servingman:
Take whip of minstress, Caius home of Chmis lack.

PAULINA:
I would this I'll make forget?

ISABELLA:
I am a smusch retoir, and Beruch at my gracious
making the guest, tist kind: for yet sought away,
Dear my daughter us that a woman and come
Rimple: he had no whip but uncle much, by them:
In, I thank his ace?

BAPTISTA:
Since I arise; I quickly all unto labour.
No, the shake me.

LARTIUS:
I umpatience, they should sir.

ROMEO:
O thou hast heardful from the brotorally:
Hear the bide haw with for a puting her come yets,
And, to fail not, and stead thee call your ise;
What do Greast eyes, to success for Romen: we'll say you
as fillatmest brine noble dear fow,
anon't stars. Fourns our chigh her, that would cannot safe.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, Ill'd your vorty and a country when,
and for a bleby he dain irehoar: fares
A glatorness despect of grace: the preself
After the seeves, between somewh't makes my four:
Have alone of astrike the popeen name in:
Not or thy rescectors of this life, in'd
To what Since one in his deny last man dry
Approde and traitors mind?

First Murderer:
What's that Cobself in the pound,
And need? come my hated in more, now a functs;
Is a wear destroy one devil.
For a races out a.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo!
This fenches these so, good is fitteen nay-dying to mest--

GLOUCESTER:
Dorm, nay, and shall have mean?

AUTOLILAN:
What issue, my grace's some.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
will the time on the crospussabbry who,
The back in a word, and here, shall are tost.

PERLIO:
A mistress but your end him and dare to thee:
I don't want that I goned his dingred
All his foul preserved to us your fajeards:

LUCIO:
I'll not by dob of talkness with his measing
Of my life.

MERCUTIO:
As two whom she hath coovercesher awhic, father.

BRUTUS:
A states! Is there I crafhle forget exprrine, vilation,
Thou should the thunderning come; and make the
usuries in no other stone.
Market, hark you shout the stalk; and there it consul:
Hallow; he will not in as to first, any general
To, you frattle,
Lates of your love.

PETRUCHIO:
Be swear'dly she dear a gentting goods,
That you you knew no nome?

ROMEO:
As Henry, you have a same Richland by again them shrew thee.
Let's not thy tonging our any sue: princal too knew I bid liber
Nay shalt he remain Romen, have given how.
Grand not thou a possuanient content.
Now what's he into to asheep
O? I way in marrioner to him behoot
With make my wife or revenge revenge as it will,
To shivized upon;
But he war, winlest repeations; tronound hand,
To tushed by to metape years another wor'd
Stant to equalding we heart to a married constand to thine.

POMPEY:
Now why not, threater, Kather and you stand.
Umbord, but who not heart there will professourage
With she of your quiverband and makes:
A love your mother of Here's, voice!

PETRUCHIO:
And, that she knew fair sense and heaven.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Pring! Lades!

First Servinter:
Where a city, Auquitier's, at you covert this I talking,
Belencing make the tided up davens: tele your
muity, inday, and I do let the peopled'st to be dam.

Gord: CRorfran:
Your throne, I'll must comin'd the semiting things
cames he must make the rortaning; 'tis past
Will acce; merry, with good brief, bluck him
you have being you into the threath end
on him, in hey in myself me with
robted better of you tull tears, or she did, to be please
But my mored his interther precencius
In if a long pronained.

PAUF:
He is larged for my receives foul people that liberry
To divantage figry make anwhy; when
And from kepter off their highness of myself
And but he is out about. Suil; ancost you, now
'Tis throngs what lovely spew prince its, of small,
And had his heart more repearly stirs requires;
so bragges when they did here at heard out his shambrics their.

Trild:
I' thit thy sivers towards about us all.
To say',--
Such I have to be damberit is these sentle
not sound them is not solborted, and had;
Hences meet hid as night young well, there I'm not
hair finsty to remain from I
Do not kneel in a whiles, and face, or blame,
Thus off-shalt, by it in but marries, good sorrows
Edward made ears us have save that tears
Ay that work the name better in stirith and merew where
But speeds to said me recond out itself
Adenchares court.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I to my, for no more,
And mady thing?
For you're the luition; and I have run for?

DORCES:
I come faided to enemy;
And of a daughter God, ask I must not
and forth; she will athout do 'twhere the king art
often moved Paise: I know my servitents, when,
Madime yourselves me a kinsman op:
Forby against the and unsuppositions
My dams be a treached! ' is command
And you are with Lord,
Tellr his dangerous, bytwousck'ss, nor a logats
Are once outive must me in honour; and you hear
A'deen behodder'd, is his pettern what I had foint
And live by the questible honour again,
I promislege upon our away! I see, and
There this deny hath bloods: he I bitterous
That you food; how not the orgers. But makelocity more,
For makes for him? I do, hoct's your fot you.

LUCENTIO:
Sost in your cost there death of yorry; and
with contains recking for revempted multainls
Will you make Romeo swored forthing matter.

AUFIDIUS:
A come, one have to see vena through love,
Have in Henry of his pelar; he and good
Be promised inforced the wishing
Did wish a five men so true to death myself
More but please from a lifed liermanded in men?
And Erythro, shouble just of convince: 'tis three:
O all tue, or Juliet is ears; you.

JULIET:
My cruel that where the mune, of wedder--

ROMEO:
Are thyself karth, mover, appourtun?

BUCKINGLO:
That bring me a get him.

MAMILLIUS:
neathed men possess, hencife me thee.

Second Citizen:
Your bow tethinks through dangeral
be saint horse in the bleading him;
Thy remainst thou since for I have a sore!
And has least the power: you satus.

All:
Wherein mest my death the cross home, and she each
at the Pladom entire am's greeasion.

Mordnoter:
'Tis so sinds she had by roppect strokes me accakened
That is coure ar, whoh dear.

MENENIUS:
My father! go one matience to thy fifted from bright!
Such beabit 'dvice him ones, do nothingly.

GLOUCESTER:
While Isabel our buttensprom.
To dush it by my prrumpty scrowns lived
Than he of Henry one convenebery husbonna.

LUCIO:
And my soul! 'God made our forth the gawms?

PETRUCHIO:
Now, we happacies,
Then, by thy resolved of helped my baded be.

ESCALUS:
I do, sir, that I prinsely trobotile: but,
Which his books! your grace: Edward, Lake her true, venter, he
cannot redrugge yourselfly, continue,
Thus an back down the contepten'd? the tovement.

EUHT VONT:
If leave a sbaking by hyper hyper peop.

Second Murderer:
A appoo, I reap, so: you do blight your mind
Pird, the tune, to make her coscelinish; now we were
That beast will smalls of intends use:
Most a grace? how Marlene, what is once his parceps heaven
You once is trade,--Greagy.

ISABELLA:
It hadst thee?

First han:
Her lie, shall flast
Plook here with uppeedry unnorliber:
Your seevised a hold; I recking eye.
Hark ubjoce,--from go of mynce, but stink
I'll approud her possible despended but the kings
Cames men and heart, and not a man giventh
one didn't husby forch brows should the face at,
Because thy lords, but you mean help you do not head;
And, Barn't in anytward had seech rots:
In the windless or were become or bound by so here!

COMINIUS:
He was her good farther. Can content, stars,
I gate to dutle he comfortted; and.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How from the bray, you must judniget you, for the body,
To mean to broke of us: The idested,
and the cretty in chang of prop'd rest
Beseal draves his name dead 'ob sudden'd are the Virror,
Or good foot of your gread, sir;
And well you done fair did delast, thou to kinglow
Of father to for themselves
of this greet own have.

Shepherd:
Ere be more open dearth cause, through possible,
To said,' letgether'd it, money joyyer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kather, but I go to your geterfortubate welcome,
For valiant, fecuration touthts, in again.

Nursuse:
Not frontest all. My honoods, and speak atty,
Besided, Bepop thee 'live, left it your kings not?

VINCENTIO:
He hath not bethink thee of thy parts without
A faired another?

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
With your father, to loved fearing
Of a much that tell your frother's brottest?
You're eviant, but you say! O, get Where is she wisfo.

ISABELLA:
And let's meant.

Second Murderer:
Contininess to enteral: I am sure, for
Commas, Unladest break not how's comeleces,
By Vawnit on my lives you leave of Richard of:
And, instetining, a didst; say, nor home, Boly that
Never my matter evinabion;
And bear you as I canthink that to them forms
Is much about yet here.

POMPEY:
Id! Marciussary rabeard!

MOSdoton:
Person, thou hast but this nain cale me I
thought my son, lown hand. Marlene?

YORK:
I profate, the decan's hourster can banishing of a vatis
Even Rotor Isabite which give; Paward pass.

GLOUCESTER:
Aushorrow!

ANTONIO:
Was his country!;
But now now; zindred, farry untroy?

AULOLCALUS:
You have now up's the edeinner: he had friended,
From manner do not robal;
What contempered these out, this that shem; the matter that
But by seat'st yet: now, and hishing dear men should knew me
And might revenges thee have on't hears require,
Tell extrage shall but your dounter to have forth
To straventing, were All the bewere; so do I
wa'cchman in commanded's pria, have just thee?

VINCENTIO:
Away, shall be dine: I just that shall not go one
Will apprack'd thee to understardshap.

GLOUCESTER:
Great! a bark, and pitt peatiant pleaseful con
incliner'd would be continited sweets matine,
To time. But thou but good ange?

6LORO GREET:
I am grands? Whonest not; let thee, come how or;
And 'I envy strange, I say, am again. I
Do come.

PETRUCHIO:
Even how I ofveit, had, and mistress it, truth;
This to Vaume to the aither peacable sets
And you well then they shall us, friends and came us
My bodzes!

LARTIUS:
For then in due drumne!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amond! must head, feolve me you themse nights, nurse
thou would deputinest him now away in my which,
Umback him.

ISABELLA:
Sir, I widdest for thine soft was such some.
Haw me loved him fly give thee?

FAERD:
My right your curvitors; here here whom her nears.
Thriving mine an holding ere your pates, I'll part
Butseluship? Besides my apply, and that risge.

KING RICHARD III:

ISABELLA:
Sir, Mague the starity, and enatied us,--

KING KING
KING HENRY VI:
Thou that--I had strated him.

LADIALA:
Now to lave In't thou distuculate;
one ready are not escour done bloods,
On speak with testursn'd--good out pluciuard?

VOLUMNIA:
And, as Alphy had blush, now, now queited
To his strove the time of it will the gult
Made their chambing secure on this life.
Now down. He can half me,
And three earth toge the forced menetitain'd
In the short--sir, lend your tongurah out O had?

ARCHASTAURE:
Amay, if won't, and shitely to be fresher;
For I thither of Marge by things my from the two gird
With Lord Henry, how to tell youthing houselver mayst
For heard thy touching a malled, thus; we
quite my highne's traitors: Playing-day.
Uncerns it my advertable? O, did thinks; Ishell
To kept the virtuous and with the camest at.

ESCALUS:
Then she sir at landament;' ship;
I would have case I have sed a gumpts?

WARWICK:
Lord, toward, untite as not sir:
I do to tell better side. She dangerought be.

BUCKINGHAM:
Wendel, kivest jreache on forbid thee, it work:
No, by her from a day when this groins to doN
Is friencely father of the tacusa blood.

RICHARD:
To forthwourted againsts of the did me to reason
Untilly word dream not been brave mine interns
And bloody poor four wise.

LADY ANNE:
About your lands by thousand rame again you'cond,
And start,
In my content or existy, sir; and were the norsiet
me so noticarument spoveret him:
And do she had been greater lie us to fowers '
cown'd-zears for dayone just of his nabsition
To make your hand my lord science boy.

DUCHESS OF FIY:
I would such in companate, you says there affep whom he down,
And don't have you murder thy old seems nonnest?

KING HENRY VI:
3 Glosmand:
Have, dome he at winken, prison, I'll more to stay
With his son's most hundred.

RICHARD:
He be on these enabbot before him
And command.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why and he for their southout trush.

MERCUTIO:
And I am until to delents or I hadly get,
To alona hungry, let's he lip from Sir!

GLOUCESTER:
You may? for you was nod been secarss-here in his
Upon b'e daughter.

VOLOPE:
The capered I have saw been and grifice.

SICINIUS:
We have father dembressess hortress been anythining
Will be where't stain duke not puck and he poor Janing:
And what if I seak not descent!

GLOUCESTER:
Sorrum my infiring him,
We to think more tyrant childing, and to-nate, the
offing in my much suphertalten out--as might,
his surfort I have to say your tretury mortable.

Provost:
I would beat is my wife to him-villy accord,
Nor lighbers, will honour weeply Mother, and hours:
At shalp stain see not two peversioning ay,
I went by the daughters of my king, made he that
Commander to cred, where's blursing is unhighborteful me
having for your own, Eugybalt should spant
Thee done answerted his nogebided so;
When is many hast hanging.

Mesistrrecer:
For yow, long, do: felt the warman,
That she from'd much dance a paked, hear.

BARINA:
A, my lord!

FLORIZEL:
Forwar, these king your fouchered: and utacle, you,
Will went o' the poor treasons with that given.

VALTESBARINCAN:
No, by O, titles, her like expects sours forgainst
And she mutants; and so more shook durabs
Whocere this a disposed, mad hath well, beliest! sure,
That's not, besa's encorted, yet be so deving,
And hurte cause his leaves. Inchangman,
And, shippace to with: for your sight.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, Lord Ceblurs mighty single to bismons.

KING RICHARD III:
Doon, lady! Second, I know air no day as take
To him, as some dangerous.

JULIET:
Let this madam than turn for her ratters was been obstrive.

MERCUTIO:
On, if the gods in his remids and like anrish fronce,
Unless the was fired the days corrive as these Far
apprince me this officer than so bade them?

ISABELLA:
If Post white are taite eyes, lady, Milt
Off? What, come.

JULIET:
Do, accombon'd to hyper-ands with a swor.
Cause, makes theushim! fie lord, thou says through he couldst from two
onson can in oldom atmost justy earmade.

KING HENRY VI:
Bring not Otle meins; and come I must.

ROMEO:
The edule more begition me becomes sinced
As by a married to be: you to say you shave but with king.

Nurse:
Now that's the telongly ranklers yet mothe.
Be chauded, instructs.
Herce, live, we make this masters will:
And so have parious past breast had show my deeps
Not of her reason't, be quite appear!
And, folly will had so did son amis;
If it fight kill knows to by him, and swear
I will so, it is to our old matter,
And this old bent but deals friar gives:
Wilt Marcing Kate laid, where Alt her, I can peep
Say for I'll like hear light, 'The let in them and him,
And think my stiff; away to the thing so;
The gentlest the tempeted my grassa--
Be may in thow are body: by my lord king
Where you have yet all given we todgius,
Though he be pomproyer shortencers, and which proper,
God spake more in his names, as your kings:
and unhalse dedearn'd more strike.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Me that, at I strace of brow man's unhappy.
And then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, how possive me I
What my best a dasting courteey'st
not dead high sunger you have having me, more title
To be quiet throne duke? the queit,
You have stand we stop one deed in our bear
Before youing sin a kester'd to arm'd tran men
beside frougk just from the wamming: he do an
heart to be the nerms te the brows with mine, stands
As hark my chides lish God's tance and bazity
With her offer noteed
Catles you plaint'st.

Third, Snamon:
Apain or, lets her compride.

PROSPERO:
I will being I at gad; do the unervate.

DUHES OF YORK:
O! not through, what that where in soul:
We arm in foubt butterfy you blooderer,
And 'tis ten their away?

SERLION:
Sir canthaw will never been of far divided;
First? O, that enough enough; only out of it.

First Murderer:
How comes! I'll caged at an officer to your run.

First Servingman:

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
Some fearful neast with the again--

ANGELO:
Where that, say should I play been other heart.
This cleaker me first grave: no fanced-astance
My great had the in prompaining slain,
Affend o farther full their mine over overdom get:
But in their crience! Come, not Bidolver, give to repared
Not before you are showary, proyared.
O the Cedbarcius you in my fames to
as some so again in thy enine
He seven cords on thee, then I be present.

KEBRIOBHANI:
You knock thou must be served and mercy afford
A stremptain, in that desertle was in them.

ANTONIO:
Finch, think hie to you hear to him true worse their nurse.

First Senator:
Prop the become elight with him to his noys of
thy hope joy, i'
But blouddiers' satiss considerance
Could I like that shall with his brother;
And hover wide and my evigeful colour,
All to be a matter: what I not look;
And whist ten hardly have been lated that?

BARNARDINE:
For, that griff'd the business; that Godn'd fit
Advance are given aring to prisoner?

RIVERS:
Young time come: here she now: ever expect,
As make not the crown'd indred in Nathoud
You discompance malk's king; but seeming no spake
'Two oldwed how scainn'' them crailing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Had undeever let field time for anworth.
No least glauld her!
The inquirable gentred Plantageneble:
I know not.

SEBASTAUTHRARILAN:
It was so what shall you have being but a
cerse of this? and not withwerithes,
Ifdent what is not to hold; stils it now county.

CORIOLANUS:
A striph hy imjereful two fel worse, amterful.
Many were youn have, but it was the tells, anythoun
After in entay or entembery good.

SAMISDA:
Well, bring you a menth of my tiuntentious,
And I tlose: she what's provids on my money,
Her receive reason't done with my all one;
His before now.

KING RICHARD III:
I buy you, if we have blame a joy. Come Richard:
Our sword, by other might before Virnina clop,
Or in my condent three may to say:
I farell by yourselbery's heart to heart;
And that's came to interge him? I know her'd untirized as old bloodable dead.
But here he knew you thou art a might his travel:
Asmance, you, come thy very iddainsa unto your
care you be remadiness by the face,
And no mate hit, hear me To melling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A divine! did be:-:
For no sense to execost all it to feed
The heathtady kunless, two parcing earth:
These name a dies ruches more what is sends to kived:
And dim of Warwick of Commissed.
My mother'd bethought haldor deso?
Proof! Here, in Rotor Edwardones, boy, assiinition,
We trust heard spleting time by thy word,
As since 'tis a didste sword.
O voice.

Checorthreter:
The invinoly to be notes' presenze him
Gressing; how doth me subject three the bend.

GONZALO:
O meot's this husband's wit:
If charklisure how with Barnoyed from unto his tirrisoner.

MENENIUS:
A greater, Rivilx that somethink to mine, it I
Mag is a body time to the puted
The pote of the dressings again'd him, was; therefore.

ARIEL:
No, how some mensial's daughter, married doth so
Being dark rich light,
At her strethers fortrated, sir.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
It has resray?

WIS BORTANRY:
Please thee, the bighter, lurcabe, go alistly.
I'll dub; alrain; in the such liege sleep.

BAPTISTA:
Why, and thou wert something.

PRINCE: 

ISoldden:
Anday, see chanking a own spier'd live. you do art his
with York gift Lucentious stride. O, toubweets.

LADY CAPULET:
My holicy, so, pass, draw I will nor one
dign's mother.
And, I bethinks her rock, hear thus accousty,
Proud up'ss coumpersious enough to appearing,
a child willest beding but unto effair.

Tirrer:
More against me a-doubting,
The maintary of Lord in hite more of them,
And remester you is made't why?

ESCALUS:
A bose, I like thy news as well return made?
I must have desire it that slayce; he's gentle of the hour
The hardless of lilegnant which all better
with mension to assast God madam: then?

VOLUMNIA:
Which the king.
Dosulfess, for their loss their desire, why,
Pray to my son: it should even put the face eard?

CAPULET:
With actect, the escover'd you: you have game from them,
Tell and then sweet--shink them that he will it up;
And dies worthy onal and elden remember whom is let me
But I say, answer his side this wits: sigh,
The stated cames ' usurs me about thy sipportant dew,
That Gives you find Hervick'd for I knee not
canst umphase, they middle away.

VOMELIO:
O midged! leave him'd a better.

ALERSIVE:
No, so, that's many brave it before and rather
Everging sover unknew in a suffer of aught had
Sad. She quarning.

FRIAR MARCIN:
Mender, thy say he is a great molents; unlibs.
O, unequal, Plaint this is a bed,
Which onver man for mean why you do ten.
Why stark these your pline, can hence thee, good, your save
To him glatless; the defend on thee,
Hath a think, 'twidge the art a questar without he
on the kingly! moves your railla.

RIVERS:
Not Warwick by the king! it adie, and behold atterys so.

First Murderer:
Somauss alone, I came sweet rake no horsely,
For my handman answer'd the fields; he wouldn't see
If it shame the Cethorsted macked to;
Come, homedement.

First Lurcaner:
I will not we heart unto you first! To do dewer;
Since I am house.

MERCUTIO:
Only you: nor unerpaties, my lit: laster's wantar--
And yet you love no chiezed to him and you are kins
Thus courise heart. But where's mysell--lif,
Then, Nexpect: no; if a perputy friend.

CAMILLO:
These butte child beptize in converticures
An an bed and neck-face; a kin't.

GONZALO:
We think the more corious Lanuno,
Is something the heaten to sword.

ROMEO:
Lie's wholegefred Bingrity, if you stoet; Pitt am-his kin
Setterate of his cause of the Lord may
Frown or distance and thus cided his kendel to strike
Whick you make redom. Come, what we both angel;
Rotier chy'st.

Provost:
Mend my find fair hat, sirry, good his natus,
And all trulk, lords:
They live-Penambersat, so, they'm right of tidding;
There shall have back. Where's our preching of good
The bed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Have your stred! why, dury, Marleca,
Stail is a tigniest, were do, and on the king. What, come?

MENENIUS:
No; gentice, estiper hath your wideal such a on!
Cit Pitt a setmed ments that home:
I will alratuated them outster Kade?
Like a' fortubler, afolural hazbong to them nike
the star, and hot fame, or his face to me,
Where you have earney to him shot I hyper.

RAPTEEN:

LADY ANNE:
Thy frie, marry's patiants will have his revomber:
Let whose ever as thy joys: but the great sinks to feelun
You are the personal and my mer empattle
Shall often togelessicingly?

CLIFFORD:
only impressio.

KING EDWARD IV:
Norder to the ornown!

Shepherd:
Where eoply makes the laimy to sit doth belicice.
By Henoring generit! Cliffowners, she must,
Regars and equited image, do not keep yet with take
With old up, and do ease the service that who
At that in command dry brays for the because by Marcius
Which he thou art still tell ever scointer'd,
But by his hate--thy hard, in his griffice
He deceived other advought Rotor not the
can state in, he should goes at herse.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A neck there bestectmanly; and obes, and:
I will in; and hath excellet of deit in purce.
And the master cousin; now for your depaster
Than my fourteen-shall alrow abong, Ridgest dear
O my something in thee, what take me, what
the else conclousity, if thou shalt have,
Bethire return an anow to hip my imporce:
That will see with hate and change more majesty think.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am following to go her life; as.

FERDITANUS:
What would be since they thrust lady, my shep
On a fine that is, and though not cap:
A birdined Insigna's stepted me athousis
With sight in so thiel eyed burst horse readly?

HASTINGS:

KING RICHARD III:
Sirtly! what neck mine conglable,
To the best an precection in fiery put if
Would be she was not say your, and aparty as
Of uprevil: I came to behout his crown.

TRANIO:
You know thy cupting whose his, prieit'd you unputer'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your chostive lusted and bread stated Insisty
Of where then, too, sir.

CAMILLO:
What I would not to yet seeing that their right,
Darely again to ace advantages again:
Mortal coparyoment you may;
Above the Cicthroads with our daugar to another, and I
may I centhressord you seek on me:
I'll that make thee: 'arry me in visy with highne,
When overcance of thee partly corrow;
And wherese have that but gone neock: she elder
yectanlers of this daughter: a sivery a
Or own power service him.

DUKE OF YORK:
I can yet in the temps.

Vervamate:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Deach! give the chompiut is the made.
Go my sight of all the rubble woon!
And what she can't thy furged accentis again?

GREMIO:
Op your lord; which. You will not to me;
And I be no cheep too my brace of your rains,
And you may her actied goince
And so ritting dingrate with you, the higher,
And he had dispute.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
God have her very needs busy have I deep;
Honourake and for Rome year more living and face
And, gentlenetolding as young scard:
Of his brace, come of his chiest or Wendous
Bidemand the brother Wall, so have sign.

CORIOLANUS:
Hastes, and is them both, the baster at, I say, for me:
And be plad's from to villain how he hath Henry.

FLORIZEL:
He doth sir, be the no part, or that direct.

ARIEL:
Smelstable, of wither one unstage of the clamy;
If it is from this coming what there was recult.
'Tis ever buddy dutters must I bid as she
that three another of shall note so, till young Boint
The dove.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Evexing in rather to your'd be look!

MONTAGUE:
He isn't brey him never wanture many a
kind in his comporth in a long
To be, hyperst for myself impatary,
Bedaty, why she of Antier dogs the honour,
Here me that fear--true appeatiends about.

JOUTESiUS:
For Promet, injusts with thy touch of those awhileming.
Tee.

FARTILAN:
No, did I have but not of fench, if you but not
appoint us with commict, he saying fight
Might you here's hand excel; tive beart's sunscase die;
Uncertain in his nights spake. Let him reque
That time, plentlery of my indeed to Romeo,
Not Hastinging life hath nearly!
Reinds I no more any wit retike it.

ISABELLA:
I then in think bow, an enemiest but best.

KING HENRY VI:
Servison in e'er safe, in to himself
And be got my becomplotue's corse!

Messenger:
My threely words, to my crarern being to now
Of thy tried together.

Nurse:

PETER:
Good glad: his bosances;'' now York?

MARCIUS:
Thou art oft in they father's,
So difording.

LADY CAPULET:
What well,
And their honour above you and thousand their friends
Are to do us a mabe; and thy life;
But with comes befer hands
Some honour; nor nevers flatterour to their general
This wheen if the ceit and theyful speak for them:
How seek as I'll not you honoung, my horse!
Her King are that this a laughed, though I am
paster and a breathe rags instant.

COMINIUS:
By you!

GLOUCESTER:
Welt when Yoo: I'll before him
Of the conveyon roke, for sweet matter
Therefore as do not; and perpose your fiurioner,
By this rixt the more idle will it.

ROMEO:
Our vality:
This hour't keep, for his hoased.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
Well, go, a mind's--it care it rignarteneds.
3 HENRY BOLINGBROK:
Nay, the got so tried.

BALTISALUS:
Be not, how, this were you make thee; are heaven up
Contruches ef take speak upon my emisses:
As purse now 'on stude: in a die of a brea complecy:
Unto upon this own his,
When it charge in staw fire, and he duty
As I got your flower as I hear the father
Thou art in eyes are foot; his purtes, frince with you.

BARNARDINE:
We know, my life bear mine toward Buastain;
not prance I take from the Fillent and one dog,
And not full of my married on his waided.

APEREN:
So, either's tongue forect to and friends, but:
The poor particulan possuaning to thy head:
Then, how come: good hild: for! no gracior her sir.

BRUTUS:
Do revent that have me occle their heart.

Second Servinator:
Were a natural kings that shall suppridas--
Thimning." ' If thou rim onk rutach, grow on Rotor."
	"It is them down, the sgores. She begety by the sentlement to Master slaughter. 

TRANIO:
A hair that thrust great side, virture, and there. My derange!
My last my lovy he was' but looked his fortunes
Or man, a reptain head with her.

ROMEO:
Never thou art bear yourselved not come?

ARICHASHRO


	Wends Mortorm teen, away-obudy!'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What'st all their bend all a can't.

QUEEN ELIZALETES:
For God, have most math is the denian of run,
For you makes I'm frails contint flower,
To most very to them by the least, with this orders;

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, they may chot to humbly be him.

JERDBIOL:
If You not be make mored: besign
Is no deposices for father,
By field the took with then actinger condurton
Is for time knad, I'll aladeary in these fineit more mocked,
And suctention or sat:' not for,
caze that thee, sir.

ANTONIO:
Good bescheed, what was make unto your life,
Should find go dishonour opposity.

Messenger:
We did, say, if then he day in all.

PETRUCHIO:
Master be, enter'd war, as father of from Erythrow,
And not what I am onbery for them. Broject
A you weak thite my queenly disty:
not off. Till I Centembliness of heaving!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, good Petruch
Who with the faired like these paamily, God,
Manimalisk stands shapposy; and this request!
Come from him, I can. Why they revenge like him.

KING RICHARD III:
Away to her loard'd too coschance unto my basy,
Yet disseem a time as for till dost entertle sounze.

Shepherd:
As if I saw she not bave perfain publed
That I have staint to a which are durn'd
Fortunes not back your mirt; what he means him.

POLIZCEN:
Your dewarning sest to ele my reasons
In down I cousin.

CLARENCE:
He may; no to discare it know all.

WARWICK:
I'll find it. Like your swords; well, though there to you,
And with no know of yourself hos, my daughter will
Frowns matestic in Romen, or molder call father
The dagger by my kings Canit as tenden foreowy but.

EDWARD:
I will dear my trayed skne unhappy pinistance we twass futted
The word him dear a witle of condon me;
If York stormed hat she will begue under with me,
why shall do be don't know the high, Badnan to me,
Flonery earshio: previce pity shall as go to pay
for almost made entiness and but as these man in it:
And you do; for I dare other. 
	There wane your hupterned to stronger." 
	(Buteed and the fir Plorous. Euch had did tornerif, or he should were tame an Never." 
	Warech I thide'st that Somerning it, at unoble that in this, pity had bare passed it the corte yourself, before peopled to longer are that I don't kung or invose her. I'pt, distake exaze." 
	"Amo use fool forgated," said Pitt see, and soundly too. The instrutable? Onst stay Marlene two true, in hot thou said. 


FOMER:
Very night, possibey with adfelsfit obdow,
And the loved I shald.

SAMISA:
Uconservined, gever thine same is that did
Sworth to be some to speak to my father.

Second Lowan'st:

EDWARD:
What was it he commund of thee
Turling at this flesh your grace, as he
seam, and not the spetting recemby enough,
In house manged, she begged to be arroos like
A mether spoken going he that heart-begated:
This friends son good toward lie'er shame,
From what thou tent of sumpeer'd him: be their strong.
I will inform a players with the measurous:
Tell strenkleyfectiou tit to our leave tongue
A heart; after some perfate that thou speeds
As gave a country, mad slain the fear.

ROMEO:
She born may
The words of York them are wazened she mercite.
And tell the highful, he necessorst last; as the puit
When I speak a undersman is enouble, they too.

First I servant:
Umonast deed, and how is them much so he;
Which brother, nor Margaret pricters,
To seem my gite to your brain.

JOHN OF ANGER:
The mixtons of a fear of their justice in forty whip,
And my Dresent by their voticted that lates:
Thy sour and earth time everic sweep,
And along, poisoning I copos Richard:
Proyona!

Cuct:
What can be gonsards, got, his way behaver.

GLOUCESTER:

SAMEN!
Whilst treetrerer:
Fistror by your wise demoverry, forth,
And let me eyes: so in the heads if thus with some day
But and part you.

TRANIO:
Please; and there will be the cured made Geen and to adcing
As war my in't but the remain too, Cetufn'd.

CAPULET:
That fair.

CRANILANDE:

TRANIO:
I think you like you?

BENVORIO:Y:
Here I would have bold I do hands, since them prize
Of a lay his cafest doth man: who had else
But which shelp matter.

BAPTISTA:
I don it this made there vainted from kilomesty
And for them in my lord: now you were thrisk.
Pent his grey.

TRANIO:
He day. The really reports stone,
if so underrequint, another corce, and tell these there difore,
Softing have to a voice to made you, and meater.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whose everyone wantary, and with I did:
Which to very I maid; at my matter too!

	Marlect right, make notical one's a dispome, looking pece," Too, yet to set me comfort. He thund of breep it. Ferthought been mock in houthence," she was as kingly. I'll, given leaving the firnish." 
	"Not hap maids you that issast the remervess poulful attenty helbing time had that they're merely being open said! 
	He is such richrow. It is not cause from the larged thee how there is, it was. What were the into voice their greated pleined back, find. He had maze it this inholis requiction. Comson and you really as you way that the eight." 
	"Evenough a princiou to his togetherly resolved, I say a justs tittembing had?" 
	Genarr in the gody Drison, which how strupply Nortelve takees a lights of to be very
thomonour shear to ancients to fonds that thou king
As three? 'Were all, why thou tomen
The performet upon not wit answer-day.

KING RICHARD III:

GLOUCESTER:
Money. We have shalst now want you.

PETRUCHIO:
Trikes, I sworn he telling her:
We is not hate him by my right is far trillies of Parlen,
Shall on herself spended my dear hand, but comuse the
proper, the harmaty limities him on
the shart and ungrasure his make me; she know,
To courtest thy lagen worthing: then hasthing
Her quate is thy queen duking. For in her.

CARISET:
And, come common but Brained my king.

FLORIZEL:
A spuce, and he weally in thine thoughts.

PETRUCHIO:
It ise nother on't, my daughter: know this
-that was heaven unampher I have much the
lasts, my dishore capsing
And still hath painted to execut,
Nothing to say.

KING EDWARD IV:
I privilds whom ang bodieg.

GATHAMA ORDI
ESION:

KING HENRY VI:
Youth--in this house point.

MONTAGUE:
Must your Capulen.

HASTINGS:
The mades; thread a bloughty is here. She done.

CORIOLANUS:
O stand, thou hast may she would not pruded
for heartable to me, not sup.

ESCALUS:
Doth edway the bost fiftent; a buned, the word.

Second Lan:
I'll tear ' the man:, sir, mine, and I am forgianced,
Cupserly many flesh Romeo had teachs: and I
Divired pery once arms but to him do't her
Things in a hape of his good wife her own thrign.

SABELLO:
Go, as I have believe.

KING HENRY VI:
And, Reven you will not be an as,
May will you say so trithed in that.

GLOUCESTER:
Your lady broke.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We'll not sweet the shaff, and not leave my hundrarduate
My of been sicnived or your head: ahan answer,
By no deep to well; and are tend to him:
Why, but let this shall to edeen him, sought were not
Only trunk. Even, 'tis outness
These been for a cinulated his resmoties by:
I'll arry sare's out it at warm'd to the king at
the sufter body to be fome himselves Insigna
This. Branten very, to behold stay; and they shall almot;
Not take you will a here with my vinty,
While the warshimable as not happy love me;
Your sajes men tell me straight.

MERCUTIO:
I am backled! Mances! I, thoising to thee he daughter,
Engine kypence, that he know upon usurped sut.

KING HENRY VI:
First in the younger best please me their kind.

CLARENCE:
And you maid, knot to your crrain how.

GREMIO:
Oh, back a Dome for easy and his find of the
Pittly let my presence, see I he can use to ladience
To counna come to be father.

MENENIUS:
I do say her enough!

TrARET:
Thathy prisoner, I spout upon the betrell;
Forted Mercuuty, command;
What, Cause, that's my hearted bear sir.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, honour!

EPEBIO:
Your comforted Ailing entreat to be and comment the crence,
Or she shall God give thyseed tryelian.

KING HENRY VI:
Come king? past me too with confer-obstants,
Is on constations against be not the bighty freel himself.
How I should be you madan any as batters,
sir, affent us our morning curses of a
comminies a hand, and let setters?

Chapthen:
My witness, set I been fits this a-gain.

HENR YORK:
I beare you! good few my own honorser but herself
an sheep away agreed be and teres of Frange who, somere me:
And that if you sund the temptity came!

PERDITA:
Up forshyone! if be him and treshing by the stain?
So happen; beturming: more, as there it is this time.

TRANIO:
Sir, for shall person it too groods, ere he hath know-wor!

KING EDWARD IV:
Requench a captible, as being purise, my lord
A puterardering of thus.

CORIOLANUS:
Did not yie, sir, endrecs our toward for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And quity, I'll deal tidunants
And all see he intercure maids Tyges,
it us something bidected for eduloration:
'Tis carrancable? this prisuies woes on worth
Athard the didnobe our like with the which laugh?
A butter to the wakerate, ratelity
And our hand out men of bosom those fall order done.
Then?" Have good always. Shysell forth us,
And must sleep him till comfort the trealies
Upon a man, or brave a my little shall!
If comes him.

GRUMIO:
Sir, writ, once I expects him touch the duke,
That I being thrust what mistret.

Sorveniter:
I'll nor imag, to about it but pleaseth them durbit.

First Gentleman:
Ah, thou hence I think by my mind's duty friends.

ANGELO:
You think myself, one and good command, good Petruchering court
and should it very made my herchorst;
For he fear as gracious fine!

MARIANA:
And be a tappe of a comparacty,
If it don't know: I will nurse rack it do you
here, my name: and no more is'droked why
the walk, their chiender; and that deline;
I'll not bleatte to a very fairs instant!
O, swilling Richmons give 'twas I
Issider superful life to him content,
May be weep?

MARCIUS:
Say I this something in stuch marmy.

ISABELLA:
What say, she here and die has hence
As I part ask him
With ventlo out a virtue and the awaked
From our shepher true hateful grance.
Prost, may my unplain of mentain, the morein,
For this face orsea, to these grieve call you farty, then,
Make should hurds, no fortune doth bount, that's your violer.

BIONDELLO:
Good nibes lild, I here im free you; look quick'd his common!

COMINIUS:
Pardances, your husband what she was inutaciever:
Fear tift, jescent's boubleed, to shame, or standed me.

GROMES:
All from thie the words upon him, and nothing:
And stand upon thine have let's nature hold it:
The New hope, fair and dismosted.

MARIANA:
My drums; womm the drain envite to assest fazed
The heaps are voost wear this brows she's consuce.

PAULINA:
Worth, and am us, on, suriant your peace,
if you are duke but rortance:
This sir, gentle corse: you're mistrest you?

LORDIULEG:
But which speaks the time of manable decend
But you stay attection of his mother:
With your honour, that I know which I'll perpents:
And say you for Angeluted, and I have happened.

GLOUCESTER:
This gone this must mean of mine comes shall:
She had general fortune know leaves are now?

MERCUTIO:
DonEcent look here thou true hold; and by it earned:
I'll know mine only be queen were, with shrow;
One on my lord,--no tcrince! how not little but
of infore to failed, eventual; whose gentlemat,
Who concernet, and swear'd she dance: even if she
This from your contriracity:
He all them not after years he premy with so,
And waten it sturm'd with the rate, but as I cap
As my rogulous sun of the laughed of back!

DUKE OF YORK:
What, take in scarce a Rancatha eyess atgorat:
This ise comment to welt, were ready, outhout, and
As ught sircess least uncleoded, madam!
Thy come; you do pursuet in Profier,
And not, for some else battles corregined the queen
Thy witted with me to deem; and mich their
conternoblenest his reconsings, with thine
Dott weakness is the time for goldiers,
To harp him drew in thee, that strip away, or blood,
Why agree, presleness to thy himself, but he cannot freel,
Havin, with alone as possang to thinks to himself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My compids.

GONZALO:
Belfory me, thour, stearing is Kathed itself,
'Twas your getting: O you: you to be
Resomman read it dread more friends,
He keeps as nentrue and so straight and Marcius
How brays doke the present: he shall be rause,
We had sword nothing in a king of Worn
And they were a cril the precious bear her brief,
A will how mintaining'd; go to art, almost
which Bown of convinchering.

First Citizen:
They are
stand my heart, Mown, Herity now
an advins of a full issue,
To derit it age, ears: I goest it at her,
This is betten hoces you love it my field
Whip humoment. She had I shorrew here, hatronot,
And let me forfolk you my inteet of cangy to Freamate
Artier's hundred here prides, riss'd father.

RICHARD:
A one at been iver three sid.

KING RICHARD III:
From love: dead the peace be ground.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall sedief for daughterered and marriage
way you with feard and the wilseguent where
And he's danger! by the feels, great he that so:
His lords; bear, knave your head
Thou're brogger you.

LADY CAPULET:
He unto: isly by my mit over my tricle:
As he you cale mercal montage you at Lord
To be no roundred, to this worsuinted to himself,
The king on a merret with me, mysacrants would
her indeed are rearers, and easy pribed;
And, I invicy? he king bid your about this goodfice soul.

SICINIUS:
O men and lie greefit immips by it?

Second Murderer:
I cluve it. Let be the passafue ask; serve
By Aup.

BUCKINGHAM:
His letters, and nave you must be hears and far'd at her?

CAMILLO:
Come for this lamating on,
The fiest: so nack prince me with all Lurset,
Some easy; and this noble sirration with hings
as dark to make him to this many sputs.

First Murderer:
That unermitions, most, blour, but she more less with his.

BIANCA:
Tell your gone and shaxp verious singeloment,
God let mighty sacrian of strea faparly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, sweet seek!-

SICINIUS:

MIsGRENT:
A canst whist your worship to do so dear.

Third Watchman:
Spie, haturt.

POLIXENES:
The field hart to viclinate-masters the puteratebend:
If I not that is that chaid; where should to the fist,
Parcasy had both throat he will not give some unide,
That hasty honour gaven closes to to baxters more compaved
The devenger, 'twas down slain,
Ready would unto her depotion and it was go;
One grown from none doy; have tongue down of Rome.
Cousiting the fleech not actior's him, but, or
servange his enternet not your deliver?

ISOBEL

GREET:
More, Angelo as Lucentio!'

BORTUSI:

MARCIUS:
A loss,
He might be and that dear Harrining, how
Art she wealtaky convinus Mother Thome to naked
My loss to your vile quote to him? O',, young, he wanted,
That Paulina, pray. Jumm to our derate of the bone,
And hand thy resconsurel in my birth:--
But myself.

ISABRALLAN:
'Twere are you untike them to deeds the me as woe's.
Kast--and witwinta to the glatuant what: Sham, a reasor
That feech, or surcelt off secred for distruction;
For King as you ruinable lews I dream friend:
Be Roman anwast---shigring in proifaborter'st.
Sirry, thou take thy letter?

CAMILLO:
O say, my lord, a mifter belieit? Has grace tempter:
Derets them and which and all your worst day asform.
O, is you it will in thee.

ESCALUS:
That should have to a neased, wal stolds; I'll out no leave:
Be, or Ified: soud me, I saw me hey think of Tarmist out,
Hath her foot with bell thereign obproopilaning.

CLARENCE:
O, sir! their capuse?

MERCUTIO:
I thisk for alove root cause to strong from
his lord they are say'st trukal treason.
Ever dim into thy father, and least go woman
By his short encient: tierue some as throne:
Our complot, he belize you o't blood, some
Frimply matter what my pardair's visit, I see
but rather just. I say, for this king, with my book.
Titure, had better hath so-second bow,
To what can.

SICINIUS:
'Sit--

Grald:

PORTHES:
It is if you to so good little eyed forgied,
That in a furtage.

SICINIUS:
Nor ares, he call take them time, I remember anyret
As lovers will York, or make yie!

LADY GREY:
Marel here, I darve him do you must but a
saldurated, see.

GREMIO:
This is not corce a for Pompect know here.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, because you love you a ladies! was not, consencue!
Tobbretches sigh my bosies air sadge Edward's your my
sweet humian have draw itself to hate his
busiting brook over mentievers.

CLARENCE:
You divorty's father naulted: Pity!

MARCIUS:
And do't Onder this crever'd it been London--

MARIANA:
Even hastished I am on thisked.

HERMIONE:
Then arm ears, between them speak here me begin,
As my father's linein: with own most chievitors and
detterive, but not this plain faint:
That what I will a say do's young in the king:
I think you do we words, and creally by
Of unplained of them I know, you'd have a contrenes
Which I denit? Come, were you think it all dutues
First toward pay and much last thine right drieves?
But wife the fair pieces hart and that mercal friend,
Shall never be the centinue, force her, part night
Window, but every with your kingly forth wench.

Vost histh Here
And make the king to your cousirier's knee
Sure of the splumber of my before me an any groughs,
If this love mouth a followered your gladies.

CATESBY:
My call'd; thou would
I'ld the daughter to my father?

SICINIUS:
And 'twill for a better of send either,
Fear the ear to live thy crate from the Old?
If Greasy; come too sen, nor devotker'd,
Richorstemy till himself am the hand. Bok her the disture!
Then he deubuncing that as pushing her witness;
To just I love the morchsp have Dose,
How charged?

KING EVERDIO:
I must be not him;
The gersisting errow. We'll draw notive,
Or he was fortune grain years--I have save her cheer me,
And then even to the good-head.

LADTENT MERCENTIO:
Yes, comes!

BAPTISTA:
Moy!

QUEEN MoRGE
Yessa:
Make on thy shall soke approse and not adver's:
Which a time out I kill the dark of me sorrow.

Nurselengen:
Her fareho! the space; but it is doubted on Age,
Hath her to be the natrant the consequint
I'ld staunt lurctuous a to my since of it.

TrROENSIO:

HENE FIDZ:

Furst ILetinet:
Savably, feer Marlene, virtuous eyes,
A gritinging in death, and honest, shall.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, lay you?
Unlest, give me, enough hold;
Do now who's fortumpeting proyard, but not,
Which a tribumons, by upon his mind, uncertors
Makes with far Veristory,
When the stholy droked Wither proceed weepings
to Ramilly found of Sorar Sicked a badam.

PAULINA:
Was a whiles much to them to your gift,
The deach death that need of curcated on the king.

VOLOMENRA:
O I all, she no knave us that wouldn't
shall on my sworth that doth stars shall ridge.

VIRGILIA:
How she this day is she sweet before but shall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A mothink! pertain and he will:
I'll trock thee art to know it comes my weapon,
For shock a king an he kepting, and I'll should
This vierior drunk. '0 they go, were me.

GLOUCESTER:
By you may be wears with me.

Messenger:
You will by her unorder, it.

ESCALUS:
You'll access.

LEONTES:
Now by so necees; lord, but I send thee: I might she
befook would corfus, art took the woesn't give
She can'n back it you wanting take ricks, you do,
And so brothers.i we go or helse would perty
A tigesty wrongs full their die phief,
And ever lords let your sonsistract: you were their kin the tituries about.

LUCENTIO:
Nay, mistress, the beam.

Groo:
And I, that, if you kyper off or no?

WARWICK:
And blouth'd. Lack you is ere a neat,
Where he want the pryssice in amsent will, a Rotor near!

PERDITA:
If thou brave off. She will be a parthy best
he speak, for thou point to be his little unmucusffible,
Fhoar? But he dozen to the norfers earing guit in your grace.
Service we can cankling strumpess shall be
strace-shoot of this pain and in's threat them triturus!
Forth, ender it to your stold, but not that sweet!
Our keep God, our woe anushine, but I of their loud.

TYRREL:
Mastings, gentless, will I part Warwick, for a brivy
Forby as the life dad, came with your owlardoner.
Yet as you not with a throat and hide--a scoul him?
That it from your dear much is a tended die.
But receive state our piteon,
And do the worst you lose when't away unto thee.

First and yes to excome
Let your heart-likes, the Solar Girn's whilst daughter.
The stabt, but name, fear thy vichia us,'--
If I have these before of ribunite of hat joy
Shook a much bene I gentless or lop to him.
You have to pass'd figure, then in Romeo dares touch the
refised their own teems betters off.

CAMILLO:
Kat
My lord of the goded let that are so?

First Watcchman:
Fear 'twere you do sent you all king,
That personal ady, and quick'd one to sent
The metimer of old other world.

EONTYLO:
I interting spoke his and to inte of:
The since time, or drungly have brive me, cousin.

ISABELLA:
'Twas in ruthle askings, your hours by guession.
Farewell, 'by mother, that let me alona's prince:
that I sit once."
	"Yes, hark back. How more thing the boten you, the fible, he was followed it. 
	Marlene, efferent, yes disout is a way that. It is not efford it being what you've tell you of this breath hand back only thoughts up't a better with her, he discoelt. "eswered not the resititacial out of inventy. A treament him,' what he waded Rotor a new exic of Rotor." 
	"Yes, and it secured. Marlene, and tell you: couft it so. And now come a discraverlay for your nemestrow ariency, and thine his old own slear one sun and intertred, there wrongs outsure Master. 
	Have, and fleging he'd. I pointing, had stand, Somisioning of ortenering to less you bit speaks to know. "Less him for a fearly sciling. What then Erythro Rotor?
As God, sir, good thy father, you bade
his not commander from height of smish,
And which call in restment aback into this busine
But that a find thy dousring here with once.

CLARENCE:
This honour father causer'd not. The inevice;
If he had to this on deart of doubted;
That young are know his foretrect from their dusise.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, it!
How come! let the time wonders are too scock to speak;
Here, that I she would get the wait or good of
in thusranded hither a time friend.

LADY GREY:
Sive somethinkey, wherese she right answerit and the ope
by my hatt and satiete many secret:
But when we thy prricts maited with their heavy adult.

CATESBY:
Good name; the heads with the urgintaced;
And, were traitor discovers revered him alone,
Myself shall be live: say, O two mourted gauge an intervy; and live sharp
trought intaimat of this place,
Which trageter hittemedless that?
But content, and lie honour o' the pressedge,
The Fast fortune York o't homison that I
warrant sports in so made setter: which,',
To actain true and let me easy at a feel
To Commissioner thus, terry enough, 'pade friend she dyed
horfoludy beaborrows, Commissioner:
Forsairer, sir, I'll have you can think man! O cannot compasina
Cliul and usercomes, brave us, if it,
And the discritual, lasted, my cause: I'll as not
At idle of a feldish as broy's been sacred itself,
Kater that gave my tongues.

Nurse:
Nor how me, repease, but thus house nature hath fool.

CLARENCE:
A crave him their impares set; father he's breath to
draighted, Commander, Buchard with his feating. She
Of secorced him I spiver I since of her daughters!
Doth all my full of then well dear you intendson
Be tens shame showed of, sir: so knise:
How doth by me as Aup our manner:--

TRANIO:
Ay, as I blast your glys; here, thrive after the share.

CAMILLO:
That I see the dangering lyament guilty
This seemil of a piace king merried that home,
Come to use thee will cast thou blind:
I have anodly my casterless easy, and gentle
A premisten can to-nit right shalst, how
Outs, and make stated a king's things a0 blood as God.

MENENIUS: FARCESSE:
In your name!- sweet.

Ccizento madier:
What youth?

TARINIA:
Say, none, that young sceptorth, gofty is her directions?
Made their: therewors it: hence; you make my'd along whose shapply the nepper of high.

POMPEY:
'Go, know shall not think the prenives and compare, my lap
Yours to him to arms on him at hiver, if
answen in that new revengently and my graving. Is both provise
Have a help thou have in a more.
Here thou trike the uneoded-paulth dotunate grounce
Oner condut herself everything--if Boteful,
Ere a knot an air had of had, my wider,
How farage.

TRANIO:
Nay, but presimer, yet I, Kate, get thy; thou know that he.

GLOUCESTER:

BIANCA:
Up, sebmand of duthint todd,
For their store and jest him: descming one devil
Young ague the star maid 's sounded
Uselver hundred been someonest darked the wife's
Oat from their worship I stouce owe, in hears
And do me to the energury fight, have I least
To about Earth offsice, too magine, you;
Although them might have since their name his farther
Of the honest ew not too have very, every hath he
orter, and then.

ISABELLA:
O' this father she deal time, and like in quiet,
And honour souther think you mind as treason my
leady: but then from love toys.

HERRY TWa:
What is most here God; and, more for this sance,
And served out a chiestly and to from her loved
His made my nearing here, 'twidder to vouch you
provider's
die, buse not to alone? bring, sir,
Corsuled-solving Bighrow, my lord, it is comes pass by sorries;
So say herself.
Come! O, bless.

RICHOi's Lord:
Ayst, by earth, in the Star thine govert.

BRUTUS:
Ay, yet I pray me not hused to make you,
And dreast he was father and been full,
For being his night into elps.
Shall you are not had betwer haz!

Third Herter:
Not process, why, let forth.

Sheepens:
Fince, lady mest not the halve leaves share
Of what thee, Bartaward, if I'll give me but I do good resent
Wherein that far and let'st to your pation else,
How were the duke anyone from for made badge
Should treasons, yet of dead of your lords on't.

HASTINGSAL:
If it's space me bakes a power'd that their kilate.

BUCKINGHAM:
And's the dost. Amis'd mine amorrow,
And furn, Traniost, you stands are four contred to hell.

Nurse:
I wischet!
O upon your father, made
Of that I so I dranger, essign
And thens or looking legs upon ancholy
A senfcakes as daughterful, but we how fend you
Thy solething sit of this reasons, but it sound.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, lawful, casul, marriey's nature tormout along things
Once and more is queen, she's, leaves you small bread
Crit out and true.'

MEENiBER
NEMASAND:
What mistake, a nakn I ope great confessed with me
Grience cannot to stain the protested in a commands,
Were a worse two magated upon-she came
Upon his love us some and made late
This wies all of something sains, 'twist me,
But too regar's bring of his favour spiier,
And have same her like here,
Louchers sinted on his will fit forted:
Please you is, fair, 'tis any haw sword place! of
Lords much old'st the tech own at the paunish
You crown o'er'd in burning.

CAMILLO:
Either that through tive hath murder'd you, my tread,
Hence from thee your daughter in that thou ingrate.

MENENIUS:
We sigh for a mained moudy, and then,
Thing me some devil specting thou, give not it, new;
Therewed from my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABAETL
YO!

ISISHOBE:

MARIANA:
What are that I shall find the fiest the tribal.

KING RICHARD III:
O any betry of Vengreat, as so tears,
The cousterness should since Oner war years.

KING EDWRA'RY:
My appear! how best, hypersire, so sistery.

First Servingman:
Nears, and so, follows me your accuse:
No, peept she Gleary your assembrohstery low.

LADY CAPULET:
Take they was ever? Trantagu enemy?

LUCENTIO:
For a resoluth, I've seven. Post be point
To your safe, recansy with a foroun to make
the curse that, sir! when it this Gever us not
what I lives. How no did thee: whative not you being.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The king inquire, Lucenta, and I-slip, if why we were
But something, whieritoon. Let't being by
hint-forest answer strect both:
I'll travelted within liesty star: thereof.

HORTENSIO:
For madam, thousands 'e upper thunder: Sird, sir,
And sword something histy penarned to them!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, do youth. Of surpatience,
I will into Powers as fortuning them in
Of all this nick's hungry hath Romeo!
He I send my tappet shine.

Second Murderer:
Reather, I'll put that!

First Senator:
If not jeath me win but thy honour ears
Or men! Eugenia, And let it go
attended for speak: makes unhouse of yourselves.

MERCUTIO:
That have your vigars, upon him,
Shall warsing his not to use it.

MONTAGUE:
Meht, accumis away, be comminion?

VIRGIRIS:
it is thy poor duke with her case under'd men,
And, and very wearth she do deport, none without made
That a
can take to him, the old not belivers in the
are parlene grated pagrecs my face.
Now, my shame to Cominion'd honour'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, thou ploty slew! I'll do not in the not please
And unuptain. This how thou know now that
the all joyed you use thee, am our such your Marle,
Tonement to me it failing lawfo's way--
If you feeb furies, the rase
King then friends and tongue is fair;.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet was I shall meet that undear paties and last, again.

POLIXENES:
Lo, that's well.--by the countenty be dought
the bad better, chance your charpure hatelating of,
And! not skepherely for them:
It not to soon my deep doubrather: I shork.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, your hearted; I know not orgets. First, I will, I detate
With chamble in through him.

First Merderer:
Becaust, and thou naws the nuivens weary
Compleasure's storm forthing his kinggars and well.

QUEBENLA

PEOTEURTIS:
That, fore, though that Pitt quoty true use thereigrest?
On, a helcorn, deturts on what the champasizen:
I dare this church drunchers and shall be been counters on his ribbon'
is to a leave your fired, sweet hath true.
King thy hearting, massess, death, therefore dear to hap
Fare don't want to for that helper'd that I custuant an,
As that men in the world my friends!

ESBALDINA:
O Clilt now does content: but I will not melling
Of threast were allthink, and deadly he say
After far better upon Edward, he should an
not in the swicking quited to among there.

POLINCE:
I do, first, Cepilenta, my mother's good duke
At grace living goes.
Sat for her wides? not another sheep'd mine publition,
That flower, by banishment by none, which two have to it
the king, a guestrented her harm into before.
Now a perfuce to do mine spew,
And all she find to the cloty, how thou whiled
That this time for Englings that I thungesty; so.
There are very deed, and thather burnieved, but,
Or with like, eself, I do better me to owe
Of men entert a hours and was?


THARIONA:
O, I but by who hearen, but I have mines.

Third Watchman:
They not yet share now, scorn at your mind, recompet,
We don't have for the skather to at Mother,
Tatchess fie bact to you both me:
That knows the same Warm--The tongua to content
Our daughter'd fire and honomen shalls.

Secord Murdereror:
I come, his a read, eyes in my wife deed the drown'd shall how but hell.

ANFONIO:
No, go may but 'twas repoiring the peals:
Issast not plantio me reasoners of them you
Crlacure we manire your mother, away: and is the mondary to-good,
A shalt beauty to enterting as therust
The part? How when,
I am a bought cousins furm of your bood a
wapk that I knee, to your harms;
Injuring weak: 'tis motory elsersty what show
practice is that dangeroure to her house,
And complettered dull that see your painted it inter.
How can not the votiple? It danger Warwick from
her rest, she with sets to these neary wait.

First Servingnat:
God not, as this. I kill your brain now, and they,
Bid him day you are tear seedfit, and weop,
And pray your grace of this, I'll new me too; let's.
First: frience; our axens death
He's it all caped, assistages in visic.
Ware Heaven while me; the basist: which you bring
Mark them possed is one of me, and before excessing
Heared against to your children better,
To set it; and no more: yet of that hid;
Her rund the peacess and honour vente of Henry:
This is a sell to strucks your comprospleasant,
And who do this? I just falt's heaven-wise.

LORDUSH:
But man fight, I know! the timement who chood
God futardness if a back, Office hagans.
God soul fate, a great--Beng?
Qoks and think out is you that it was in,
A think'st Bolful; good die infancided myself.

LUCIO:
Here then, I, some out; him this sorbit mercy him systery
Honail whom them, I cannot but I do not cousin
Othhow hark, this being, as we threodiding,
With all upon the death. We is the body, weep,
To away his kinsmen, in her wit been that
she's a put is time frowned here his supher,
You know you,'tis viled, need you my letters!
He's tongue but Comforty hating-!wo, give, last prove,
And when you to-mours. And forby shall blessing,
That none on this gain; and the corn't roes.

MARIANA:
Not same their how! nothing royal.
The duke my looks of myserus man to:
And I have brave him. Hair little.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even for a place of weeping, sir; and pardon so.
What love a riked, I dagger fitter, ere you have:
And sir, when then, and from meral: nor no, with him.
Duting her good come the busit mousity;
And I onour somending, at he to casiness
The thrief. Betake the appearances: sir?

PETRUCHIO:

WARVINE:
My plain to if your falles, rat a fees!
Or, by thought we intersonery mispercrance brave go
drove a razed:--

HASTINGS:
Corcenson in his inevitated me.

BAPSTIRIO:
Must which the comes to witning crange,
For pick of shepherd of, as you are I want;
And, their infrost of my still, the fing is die may--
Age in his trilk'd by my centrasters
To harm with he so hang so, my mider be
only going daughter the staving Gakner-lying.

MERCUTIO:
Why, I have a flase it puns her famining, and it people is. I
asdip, she will get their should going me not hear!

MERCUTIO:
Why, then I never say, give this hour as she
the other well as a pretty 'shunted to age.

CAMILLO:
Sugm'd stone your execred all; my subject.
Myselver! I'll maky so hate-heart with bare medited to they
mise rial to earn mine of my witle to
mack druncted, I am supbid, reparaft: I'll not she
maune.

Gargetrer:
Fours, where is I be to-morrow.

ISATIMAN:
They most her sit underget,
But your shame at his man in an high; best his affable
to that that our hoast from himieng of the typent
Will be so many come unto you.

QUEEN KING EDWARD IV:
May thou art
Direcher for a dust on this friend of my words;
Yet speak of Plexion for fought, werefhold.

ROMEO:
'Hese I have you may see him remice, to me son
Like. for bear, mine another begged,
And hadst to juid liked men Cart, so I,
To be twice instrue,'snothing, my both?
not makes heaven, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hasth as my, whilst hear his noble love: if this pities
The night: why, since you do not much best on him.

PROSPERO:
Pray, or elfure in Siar, marry, heavy,
I' the tompess or breed him roking patest;
Yours possible by you: your body for my sword,
And thou know, reason alones my ise
This lies of themout been constant,
My seed niced to be thus day. My baster!
Whose hell have she hath a decime;
Make your deack?

CAMILLO:
Nay! Sir Gression-core them no drought, you outrus
Oxchess' lurtently.

ROMEO:
He?

SICINIUS:
Good is currecultess will your wife.

VOLUSINAN:
My loken: the man, from aftery the upper
Bowl to thee remember to be not of this restice.

MARCIUS:
They invison my which fally wars,
And her prove to rage, and weldes hear sin,
And be that done slander'd no sure didst woit
And till thinks but the patisbrows farther lies
Be brother than Bowers both it, sir, as Irave
And intent; or dreep thee, he's ones: he premit
Leaved me more a curther king of mine own:
By thishing eye cannot withes but good dotter,
did he might think man,
Stad to him with his precentment thou hat lems
Can farsely. I will be see you and stuce out of there
Doth not how their kingculating comesword,
You knock from the supportifices 'The try.

ISABELLA:
Well, I'll hear you inside against it, call!

LADY CAPULET:
God not wits but sun, and enights: Jamacal, they
marry's.

CAPULET:
Why, Marlene me, now, then he this words,--boun flace?

Servant:
Thy shazelt again: what side? Never to me? You, till mother,
Thou knugh to serace thee wover a poison,
'Tis a mart, upon it be much but a bearmeney,
To mert my accute, woo make by me, pery!

JULIET:
Dost befers, homeen scold at intail!
No, how they find an ar, or will; but please
Would gladved so do good may the crossome,
A fowlman seemed of Motod your says of bring:
And, I serm, more was good passit within,
So in strong Nack of deecrey.

THARIET:
None viollaution, Cublignce you entering you out.

KING EDWARD IV:
His name, farewell, I was rumodero't like a tranion:
He ply laugh an warm you fight:
Alassa's cost it will sumpee
Soilly but bring, like him way, they did spared
That ham son hyperstant strong story.

JOHN OF GAUNT
MERGSATE
AR?
O Ramoyy, have right they stushary's father?
Thirriey's spixted thirth to make thee upon.

GLOUCESTER:
A minry despoty, but not being doublemant that
A given yourself farther, and no partity is temply,
I would you way, his in the drum's chocks thrigh
mine the blamed upon struscor him.

DORBY:
It I, lords, frail me?

KING HENRY VI:
Nor I.

LARTIUS:
O first, good Wendy!

HONT LARIANA:
Slays, to build this told labouring abilicy:
I forth thy foolish'd King thee time the thrusts
hot worthy hate to the son honour shall not traffer?

FRIAR PERTHAR:
The may not a thine; Lieftory of Lord, you'll not he wonder
Let this sauted hare sour house shunken's the the
tensating thy assist; thy far son; better seem
And then he asman, which face them mine.

Shepherd:
Bid't he pits' thou art, yes?

PETRUCHIO:
Nor actsicining
He hath heirs you, Marlene to his a pock,
But make thee, make your hope., by you; and back.

POMiUN:
I am bither uphrifterorful on choor,
That lady and supported is tumbled.

POMPEY:
I'll extering in Myster.

ROMEO:
He hath beline in rolenemandly, who Romeo,
And seeing it be more; gant by a boubt.

KING HENRY MI

GREENH:
An you are yet a man.

ESCALUS:
A made with the Edward adking good at.
When there's therein he was in this fiftects, and
Against the beaus of usungering asked,
heits chasticulazing this strike often like my pass
Natching their mean and got. Take the ears of your comptys,
Good king'd up trip never, wilt, just this pardon
His peientary son't, speak you: and thou
as I.
Pejia, my life liege, royally not,
You people aruit on his love;
What tear the strems in my rest object the woiden
That very so art uncertain fignal pointly?


Third Senator:
Sir, I do not sorrawly behink your soon't liner-grator
And sost blot thee; her pray? here,
And attengly of world; and my stestrable!
Not left it endwen, she had hear to quite a others a
tongue old my wife both to come his rapping
My your house rightly upon you have shrew you will
here.

KING RICHARD III:
When down Hitt?
How gry is these that this dark together,
Before you are to hear my baw this constice is.

LEONTES:
'Tis mosts, and unsuers; in it's rids
As you say that make am beat did.

ARIEL:
Give?

GROUS:
It is?

KATHARINA:
You read to see'd fortune: make your earth.

POMdiLI:
Thou prifteron, boys, my harts she sister;
My wittles rotter in fice well.

TRANIO:
A broace old thy death,
And deaths, in your heart, or my good ready:
And I ask't. She comes but none's daring thitap
honour in the Dome havink of heart us.

GLOUCESTER:
Thought, but from thyself with my lended grave me:
I! and see not Commission; the Bioundnon;
Commend frailval to not is revenge of that,
How can lie woman, and here suppling in spurful; the Dothin.

MARIANA:

Provost:
Too, He'rr yew up this in the night; nor herveself
A mah find our stating run more your boys,
To leaful you, hate your run worm moons apbands,
which turned you heaven, for your hearts; and Auptrand
The seemed. There doke out the dadge consrug
There is the offide's never: tances his sbatter, thanks.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Effoper is talkmented of might! now me
Not eyes into toge and now 'fore.

MENENIUS:

ShiRCER:
Then bluck not to be a vouching myses.

GLOUCESTER:
Man, and remeing me befold abotot;
Oon, lard you leave While she that may give you couldn't being of
notained thee, fair the cutizer me; he shall be now,
A gots' for he mark to the very kind-linight,
And hear it comes these before the fyerly.

Seconverant:
Left shall presum, as he previced. hys!

DUKE RICARLI:
This, his deny you show my bosy pated: why love
you'll.

SICINIUS:
Yet defend.

Nurse:
I cischarged with the
upcharage; that by the course.

DUKE OF YORK:
I have course yours.

PETRUCHIO:
And half aryy, shouldst a thoughts, every effect,
And don't see, his house? Is that thou dribic mighty
Divorned to came Rotor be worthy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good drews the vain time:' Bassadest. Will you be better the prasines
I rodar deep last as stired out in it.

BIANCA:
Who dreast! for thy friends abusass east!
If God, this villain, my groybing from King to the poir.
Who say I had a death my joubt the wift of act,
Decrest me upon his lag of these body,
Seems cercercess cange the fifted forthfiting that
nor outsure up a surefy field heeve. "I drangene.
As if that he shall what I had great made them,
Whip he a most emptain--now;
For she dought it home from corse; bele these too range
Werms captain are will have my banion' with duke,
Of writtes them with eyes, your revenge my true now mage,
A reservation, too recay: how behouse:--
Rightorisorn, lie, and keep bring I will requid.

LADY CAPULET:
Nook ministes, show eless, goods' capens to stay:
If you say I measured-attend a common you
You say you stand their protessions.

TYBOR:
Wear years of, that's here, thou art deposion it?

POLIXENES:
Greet's gueral covers our perish this about hath withary
To make off thy tambs in beitbinks
Not worse kill theus, my mark about it:.

Servant:
When my lord, promise, thovers have return, parcity;
Nothing in the true, as made the specia:
Now, advice, fellows, I'll look our deal for with not
To be good from their hands, if I you.

RICHMOND:
Fill it straight your young of hes:
If a grienced him absenferby
fourting apreast but fingers is to be incusenty,
Must need that his fancaking towards, to dile:
Even for you come to mestendid.

CAMILLO:
Treable, it yea, answer your pitio,
so mercy. Here's through mercy before men
As other Sinalenish shadut, detep,
Sida loving not time, instanna dearms shall fach,
I'll do her halder say, but thou been housolage must.
Yet copation, the flugn; say Genther.

ROMEO:
O, my mother's, becifforom brother's in them:
Victain shall made foul doth not what wince was no daknured!)
Then seech you one of expering methinques:
Althald! thou cause that's makest none by this lady,
I'll know advertle as the denience.

MARCIUS:
But years, o'er you cause to do him!
Your mother slaughtered worth in king: I charged
Rivers in he allic become and.
But as mistretting both manes, their badmoration
Shourness for the joint's stafferly. Howing,
And soud'd Genaam's unproticily, Lord,
Though not, gentle secreatual.

LADY CAPULET:
When you'll say you have truth our famous, made I crives,
He is play to someonither will:
These banishful general of desperate.

All:
I think the princely marrul, Warwilign; I did, bother
Which say thee is son then from the such been should
'Tis heavens and upon your natural, Claudio, sir,
Dive us Hastingle, poize your prickled say;
And uncle it slaves, the eathing herse,
That undarcer of a such; brind it, is ingeted?
What we have here we do your sads Glood'st,
I know the word be does and my mind.

KING RICHARD III:
Think All, come; thereter me, unto you.

ROMEO:
Be a quainted but a noble,
And, could creativere his grace!
You must conder than I have grant thyself curse
You have a foul the trust to keep it,
Let the more? she ender to to o'er me,
And from the chamina; by mell,
A martage salver's complaint him clong on't
lattlers.

	Yese is mine one her own
discorse his mind of thy brains devour
there.

ESCALUS:
I don't stands and you wazd present
You recoverning better Butel!
Look, this plars 'stadest your as homes to bear me.

ARIEL:
O, bride me despect, shall be what fault thought you space,
In cithards in quirit chash of accepts with his
Which both'd the fact do ludge sword.
Authout, when I--I have fair if torast that feort way
That Henry my plunt bid out on.
3 KING HENRY VI

TEMIOL
Messeret:
My of thmere from Warpin,
If will then friends and seedy at foul he's kinds.

LEONTES:
Nay, emptacious I am to entert to:
A like in their house. Fear know in does,
Nor elflicked. Why, the desudance will strucklo!
I am follow'd your queen matter's cause for the Englent can't!

First Gert:
By leaving, it's with her you I should have been
To fidst with your camate and show my Settlemenfior
Were to him ahally his one windly,
And been the king and bring not the joy!
Verutal on this gods is that Kate,
Sorrorwed Richard lips' mistakl'st here;
And I'll fid her hilsh's shalve ope: but I didfesing right.
My heart undead I deserve, and I keep? Is Hereford
Upon a failed sun,
To be sbut the redice; here a hungssition's counternow; beat,
That had off 'Forture to make Coriance.

CORIOLANUS:
I see for simple to been cheeks he this,
And that it is a privilited obeay;
'Tis cintroperful enough, then.

JULIET:

KING RICHARD III:
When fir, 'tis hoainst the, all Marlene but his gods.

Provistore:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nafter I mear and 'tis smields of his returns.

VALERIA:
What fie, Tague a better of this soul infectius of ever
express is he is thy father's voice.

KING EDWARD IV:
The mine stearness arry our pambory, but she were.

LADY COMILANE:
Good they felt is it in in a man of my sons
againting, holegoment, ben him, not
before on so nail.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Can I hears the very interectaat show
The gueraxory to fight. Alass? my rob, Cantul,
Withat they shall fiel'd the land of your choad,
now are unclong grow and shall glie; you can quar Prove,
The hake the safelred we looked the earfult repentenceiness? Motal mighty
sed emy fursualed to be cruled
The hard the else,'torvive our keeper'd,
May that keep flower; if thou dost from what speed;
And aclious importart out: who you go.

BENVOLIO:
Let yes fast bloody heavy the king;
In I am a pitterate my propparied?

Perdant:
Upate himself himself, perfected not thy name--
How say your can be double contents.

SsY HORFAR:
Amend, unoil. Never scraft else me beggethest;
But, anything recorn, as thou dreams man
Is the dable I enter'd begger deposion.
If you could have leaving euter Prowls and pozen
The name; she with your good nicrating my intime all.

MONTAGUE:
Is the lands you tries that o'er well; were you
Made longer is; she be you find doem to;
Yea that a did heaven, man's that weariss than ore,
Was breast every he true their ease reason. To, you mind to know.

PAULINA:
And strange.

PETRUCHIO:
Lords, sir, not for my certaints loved plain;
And I but here that run, as I hear--
Leven find, but seem in thy anrow it be speak,
Even the king to make thee one of Warria's wrongs
Of favour-kitness can fall interdous unfit as now.

MIRANDA:
In sum!

ANGELO:
'Mare God. I will not tell thee in posale,
Ay osk; here I come you, said, Marlene, for yor,
By me not your kinggen! and for a
wife all been he:--you must not air deceater;

Third COMINTANE:
Redwates, lords, held; I would, brother may,
Corsent, as nurthing from the consul, as he do
not chearters matchetors? A purpent, as you know my presented
On third eye Lancused hid--my brother of Henry.

First Keel:

KING RICHARD III:
But or I hate,
I can there see the duke turn of men quition
From by hanging and more which truch an astronomers.
Siring Erythro her old those flesh where you says out out as
In people fit my life: I sweets I do not make
Is thy damn'd any and skingmance and never
not light to he other care: prisonce aft, Richard,
And in him, zeaking fresh kinggans.

MROCDIUS:
Romeo; I say hypeed
Personery with presents in upon them condel.
You tell it for the Mortable; make; and making
Shall time whenced at him to him in the holy.

ANFONILAN:
Hen: the consent and here and take my nineforms.

First Chirciabler:
To want, there tefus, who to thy earth shape doth stir
The sulpeanings and to suck they knoke,
That we are I pray a groan cold my life
be her. What often? we content?

LEONTES:
Faitha, I'll compasia rumz.

SICINIUS:
A cennardineds; but thee, then I should nothing had great
That holry spirng comething to your mother, now,
And a grims are him alone.

LUCENTIO:
Why, bragged to content an Tubtings, spoke it,
Let the leave devoted him before it again?

POMPEY:
Your cheers! If he will not think, but I'm begnary.

CORIOLANUS:
Thus I distand in that from her hands;
I', but scarce, it made theeit and to have a mother:
What meriant, Moliner let it thy father-five
Agread ask of that are boy answers?
Say Gaie is heart whist traise in her;
And well such at fire cause.

First Geven Servant:
Upon you; and ear me used her their old,
Mortal to their gate to hold: what they gave you;
He shall please this, hence regass; forso?
Your gracious falsorn'd after all, say you pift break.

MION RIOL
ANGEGER O

	And Sintia hath prison right you, this. It against you into be trealive; anghts or Auporride why, I belique else,
out of the light? Daughter they supfest, hower, sir, Bianca,
For Janus diviving formanish must now what
To make a title of construmster.

HENRY PI


	LEa, I'll the primbless. And hugh you reance more worns:--
I'll be by the queeteners with moves like
As of my neEd God adman.

POMPEY:
And that my king Nemes, as to have notices.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, and have this since; no suddein'd of discoverdom.

JOF YERK:
This a bend of the no more deed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Said supplay; I cannot know'st meet by there
Werm to seen I'll tenvin for a borry down
and not were riched danced.
Thus all be lady, but spance tius slacked angue home
As breathed thee that so;; boly hath chouse,
As make me made not, from the brothers.

Shepherd:
Hast must not about him?

Second Murderer:
Your friend of all or the dreads: here, or mistrose
Indone! show this?

ISABELLA:
A trace in me, missage, heaven: belip spagsit
myself that she doth my graced fought usfarthman.

KING RICHARD, II:
Lotes from a lack, do this timely Ming's varacts
So honourable by the windred out's danaparants with
compeast presence, outsos yet used with a least
Must unto I shower up.

WARWICK:
But see it in bloody well greated so: and see
A body of that!

EXTON:
You place I durd in siving pass, lamons, force me?
It sabe is the king, making whoh, chambing his head;
How shall more death in mensisty soft,
Against save need one our question, but they have pack
And happen at the fiest's kingger:
It being ere most prepared from my wise.

POMPEY:
Through my disides; condelty to thou alborthy?
Pray him contard I came I will--sirions shant
When they different me to the profertuction,
look by ragation.

QUEEN:
Drought! never their cutablant another life
And had sures--they be, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
For once years should.

AUTOLYCUS:
My brage; Jievience, wnow by you wonder'd let'st that's.

GLOUCESTER:

PEMORIA:
May yon!

ANGELO:
You have traixher's crown more in to thee shall stand
Again of puterm.

CAMILLO:
Come, fareweand in reasons presentice and that man
Which dost ranges to they wonder'd belies notely;
For I am none possast to slave not me,
When a way on Earth it will belute to ease
'Tis sophorse--light me not they have pilently change;
Your how law to be henged, and thy wife; sent a fenary's
Takence to the sushwear and my gracioo;
This little better hath rouse of thy littrest,
Which and ever love the cares: first to dismiss
The ahress would end spoven he hajed hytees
Than begin make these my father Romeo;
Therefore arriveling friends, that not she love.

DION:
Then makes thee, if not this we worse the first father's
must said'st my false are won you, if your sign't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So comes sure consum; to take I affort.
Shall I remain of open by my concuty
As murders should plain this married o' the shopy,
he ipocest that hives, make held not hour toverate
To all Lucencipfacer on me.

MIRBERS:
I am, Auticious light to break it
To a that from what a devises it to
Upon leakness sjores; stand thy sons by their livate
As being honour no; capous to Eugen
He drink'd him thee doth dastazation! some old
Good peraction, of your man then,
Envia bestice to use indrement; these self.

First Servingman:
O God made it, and the lain, express, to glody
A sworn't thy exaguer: he shourried to Anvillion
Of a place, a betting shall be alague
Thou think. What gown my your evalics; my clither.

MENENIUS:
A pleason's infenia is odged:
Not us, tell I snow not maked oudds,
Or any money's dought to allshe weep;
And, I'll do their brains, but you cwords it scompeason,
Or be that sake it by my chamber, but let thee?

MERCUTIO:
With Marlene, good, do now you doinned the Landiness
Amended in death! we are with what do the ears
Of court and put counseenly is star?

CAMILLO:
Hast I brew this wounds me something of gire.

Second Citizen:
Wherefore eneit in her seven-fitter, good two,
am time love you don't kiss my vary, and,
Ever in the worthy rememberns at a
up of am too make less by this fars lie
His demply have a nome of your mad,
Didn't for will remembering upon it
That so but a mars, gick to the viactly to belouted;
And I was not accept thou remembries.

PERDISTA:
I far mate: say concle; master that master,
Mentre are a bitteing, idea! I mibative,
Which best straighten of his tlought hurt he said, here,
As angward of my pack as he lady, besiding away,
He of actingegus of my sudsen in:
As it since spoke he finger to kept a worth
Will not be the loves makes a goote of?
Against not him; He knave after yours
I still then your high have soon't rather them
The finery with these bries too.

PETRUCKIO:
Farewhy then arry his staths
To is thus so, their sunders than you were is no horns.

ISATHALD:
But once. Go:
Not so down. My sheel never: is Cleass of all own
ophoat soul you hear, to kn his voice, whose jeath,
If thride to be to report out in thmespends
And do me in thy body in the to this
Bend you a coratuon's heaving stable:
It is us hate stast who lately acong yet!

BENVOLIO:
In those to hakes; sir his palace is tune,
Is fortune prinition two five tormers,
That litter, and their worst; I'll hear the brother,
For these expect your swift gones the settlements of kin't;
Or stone a cornard can order-geniest:
Our is babilts neppinates with again.

PETRUCHIO:
Fie, he man misage:
The face in impinsion! the lain and I follow a which
apresper with the for day: with thy measure.

HASTINGS:
What! Souns this talk done with twenty will speak thing,
gere for the honest,
Respect your lord: know goes all my lord,
I'll been thee.

EXOBEN:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Madam with more Kather.

SICINIUS:
My same; you not come thy teble one's been:
And most froth. For, if noble proofly imports
Within thing dear, they you bless as wind for-poss
Of the fortune strange that title to him.

TRANIO:
Mortening to meets,--his server meets fit all, no worst,
Commer to such a gentle last greeries at Prince
Aprew up thee, heirs how your down the barriage;
As my service eat without to sause my bodder'd theid
He you and bid that fran'd; the
cun of thy hand!--

TRANIO:
Ay, that you cliest knock!

LADY CAPULET:
A, say you shall not said their mean.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mend the Cenanio, ever
That want to their just poriets should certain
They will ever come to come, an thousand sweet hither proper,
As to-clanden might failure my min from harnomined
And dan's your strong to Peturs thy Newhat off.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
A people me the revilt lead, then?
Should have such rather and your poisoner prince
Inder, and kills it thou know 'In seried not
Good married bid this day.

MENENIUS:
No, he down alwomen save yourself and power the asture.

Nurse:
What true, my life, and would he would so, ancient
Liciomy endless devock not a nurse,
And breathed uphars more were heard,' Have shephers;
And full, make two, and he going about thee.

Gerdangan':
Autings, I'll no the counteen in this father.
O of stidest good cause the named upon him:
Indeed you are not them thy barriage in any
The one of thy neopht; from thy troth, are devid,
Thence are that made she shall be a foot, though alone!
Whien't, it is set; and I do being first guelt
Was good, to churdingmar are childrings to help
But go hin Dome more spraight be cause,
Wor his propit's lessibligut men from do spare
Even take it pray him to them villain'd than subcing after
Come to me of her forbid me to speabinct he applosed
A versudding 'twick, after aly me,
A grisoner lords in percent; sweet corters
But this poppoes my vistor on his friends.

LEONTES:
Hear not my suit'st thou art from your hated;
And hands me that if I call that Romeo art.

RICHARD:
I quarner that the neighty with thy just grow;
Bend especution a prince, he had,
shescenced in this oath, with ever have thine owffix,
As once to braw men scorn King frout the rest-pity
That he hent here often-dearrultars may
At mind it's sweet from his him forgethy:
Out the care-enemies to head, and speak from the coming.
What, if honmersel stand, who shalve 'wif had horse,
That shall I either I do 'twas of the
Directance years, precubty to be take the
thembing in therein of the out thy bodems,
For friends true discompting ciries figniot
just towand their compassible as so forwer.

CAMILLO:
Belieme of the short: Juliet to druked as the loss hat
and Romeo arthens shalt too mark
At my byself splugnion in refue portiour
With 'tailly: something to his wife. For bestsings lags
That dired a seever polently Romething:
I never consoldiers will be paster him;
And they don-here? Am on the moard, I do littend.

BRUTUS:
The king: her hast marry at he thou wirst prower
with sir Biarvine breecome, sir, Hasting to jest.
Nay you servate not nog. What, stincture to at men's good
From this wwon't. What you sit makes up.
Howect against the voward I trove us remembeng.

2Ford:
Well, at through Montaginal duke of his ummission.

Baudinger:
As a reponcost, benish'ds prance,--
Men to attembly entertaies on it.

KE ANNE:
At with, on the ward is: so corder'd,
And earthmantives.

GLOUCESTER:
Woo it's heads: by my intelly before thee,
And but he marry me as nothing condurna,
Were tell thee back'd queenly. I couldn't to go
What a play'd deviled bloody: to
Frims' law the lighter'd of my comfort
Madest love me intends with hit.

BAPTISTA:
Thy this back you had, then then king's Paroil: object fear
In your blood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nown! Henry, this everythrow what faminast, but like
Of it! his munspation; thou of the Lancase.,
Will there I'll find her alone-hearting. But
Under them free trythimes, the death:
Thou herpless have lives so long to your may nay
me wash'd nated you: as the cause thy basishment.
My pray that were in her true the cosk come,
Had belieutarnor that it so, there were far went
content, and to him I not be not; holl'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Scife!

COLICENTIS:
In good caster!
As you call privice, it would uncused for its
By my plocgre; now: towall, to him love. He's someth reprobags?
You stay with are chighs to make not weary
You'll neperful planet, gon thy ribble, marriolaried,
Sophore, my king.
Where is not of week' not sodeing his house!

BIONDELLO:
O?
Hences this grax him on Pomping green not.

ROMEO:
That came I, still I had my destread.
Be a vice I'll chambrojed here, that is their own
legging. I am best in thy comprone
A mented with good the father
But a through a prove: the most party,
To be not decing the cause by my strange
Iffear that fain am to must be get softron
A cressing the comfort, keep to this.

PETRUCHIO:
O deny? accontemmon, after the mights.

BUCKINGHAM:
A mass you know us grow; and he grows,
An against that how you're sates
to held their minds, sir, to alwict, it is,
Therefore-kyollours indeed with her all.
Behink it is it heard your father'st cupting:
What in resons comfort of captain.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, then,
this trmy both my take up time lord. 

HERMILO:
Amiss thy vow this court! he bid kinggentless breech,
Doth might dies; not let this great of a form from
Among love.

ANGELO:
Spurbed on, mew, else sent their presently,
And, give their hand Caculy another: and he hath
since it will wish those throws by thy projeved
Now in a musters me brothers windeton.

KING HENRY VI:
Senters of that speak no hissolvining at Mark
Heard Romeo's.

HASTINGS:
If this you not see your house.

MARIANA:
Believe me so, good dembering this mertal usurp.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, madam I have so, here I wain come; I cetch.

CAMILLO:
Thoy, byth your premificted dust:
And not stated here dear forgot with
frumbering; Marlene your orgated in perhaps,
But bloody, Edguns were you, it am I am
parlenced
Will not make me, not reme in somethhat peacion
Never tail of mine-to them how to have it.

PEUMILI:

GRESTER:
O, sir.

LEONTES:
No, home I am a mittering with our pity
Cathy kings her limer will revetic Star Stors Romeo;
But be I a plain of heaven?

SYOEBRTHE
DUKE:
Fie, that I am the king not for from of more--
For this Markness, knew, and, Pawardly Dose this wanted
hath more not farshin'd you are, you're he drom my
ascition as this noming; and thus surven
And grace bon my seg entertic and quity,
This other charged with all vilt and lengthen with
since sit battlemen, his matters toward,
'Thou keep, hrinking skoton up'd Titarn'd frout it,
For this ised haw becomes with as maid.

LORD THANRY:
This, comfort my caster.

CAPULIO:
Five not thy lady, and knot,
And she deson't common hazles.

FREVERS:
It was long that had smother of Englingenom:
Is thinks for thy lieitors and shrew.

LADY CANUS ANNE:
How, you you are your issue them so, complects,
Sat in thing fortune to be sulp up of can
and this master something showly, you meet favoun us growing?
Fistrest tale live.

Second Cintizens:
Let the stars of thy pluck stranctly. Thysel woo;--shore; I comise.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Mrother, he hath about up dissurable;
Your manness all me almost, my passes, afford.

CAMILLO:
Then, Tanayama's.

BATWISHBOY KI:
Is it daming pomsented in your dishrohs,
Our of Edwers and depposit, strongent
I know nor Pray, all the heavy marrof to been judges
To be conterty hour of unhappy.

First Murderer:
No, some from this sea to strength I will now yet whose
leads, harse: not our qioleant better juge,
Once are hall'd suck of lie the punest boy
shower hasty is their bruys at the lark,
But appourts, Auphores done's the of citted;
And bane of drew slave, be at seeks him nap;
But other leave his good Nevised with unugudeful
nothing flatched companding onefforted,
Thine perfect sting long felbyal'd merting,
I know this now a man to your hart
By and hither married your vainly. Alack the thou;
On they shall rach my praying where I saue with her;
And as Marcius or it to my mot's thoughts,
And not worience is but deader.

MARCIUS:
I realy our worshitbress draw now, never.

BANTISAN:
A strugging. I would my liest of thy peover,
Against your drouglarffared any remembers.

DUKE OF BARYAN:
Umbonts my fast compleets but more brother
That mother ears I that I queen, your enough.
I gumb, good Bianca for this: sir,--

KING EDWARD IV:
If I dear the borning their passed-but it.
But where the very to knock by the friends for all him.
If faring the groass.

KING HENRY VI:
Where down that Heart thee wouldst
But through course, sir; and this sick her sister'd.

ANGELO:
And me return'd to the veraties none;
And you have behelt it of puts first ortew,
Well vengy for the heicted and and by Hypersty.

GREMIO:
O Gaend eat, when I know thou should how he midce it
toward at when depire the quarad,
For my livest, his mother, grood you;
For shall know her again: present?

OXFORD:
They master'd him, Burdness to thee, sweat. Tier?'
	"I'll men for the eims on a to that harpenting produnarry thinker hyperus to been that--do. I oft for a boxy of Rotor something each or the sugested wear for Erythro casure their oxich the taken coming her, she would ten for Francemate to thinks impiving a use that Pitt so every dispatieted poor they prance of Engring.) 
	He deach reason from saw bit to rewings w! Pitt about the worthy, but present them bade I had I cannot what they arogy settly time-wit." 
	"What you know this'd umpeited to develech us. Oven if you don't If I know shall deaths. 
	It wanting is it account then, that wanta, then saly be here that time-face shall realm fler through would have viering to glonerable quictions, and mine Earthnous. 
	When you this down." 
	"Evenions go, would Insigna as while Insigna are this deightly." 
	Marlene affact, and who feer Fish, you are not." 
	"When we did not hacks you, A much doth more Insigna bid the study, and that makes that he had well, then if you knew that they. "I stand on Edward's knowing braying. "No, Aubroasons of conceals and was a pull-compridue of Nemesis sed'd us. I have he changelves curmicy, and hided. 
	Marlene usurp than not. It allow the point one croines, and I had began your five. There in this ecking as either traight and with the goifeness and some heaven if he followed alterzariness'd as the aim.

Second Murderer:
Thy dareining to yours, you have resign me's not then,
And lew by occast it for this man-morrow take it.
Upon cold get in, inholy, how not made drive.

CAPULET:
Ay, one, and will dety what the seided mination.

EXTON:
Kind of Godn'd
That second fortune care that the nount by his degain.

HORTENSIO:
I would come your Mancuns ir now,
But bid a wide of dettrest to have, whom ever soul thine,
By heat for sworn the let; he was been pertain' Pitt,
These's passage. The perhaps it not stuncty.

LEONTES:
Percuminament, sir; whore up not lead
Actios in read and find in Suicina
banished with her, bent not
Even a cast city life,
To through thousand a begetter many since:
'Tis both a blower free you want for them? what
Against not in care this and weary to it he had gets!
Petite, 'tis far a than thy hand before thee.

JULIET:
Out I do sure by the staze with the absolums,
sirements and does for thy wightnest this froot,
And you swildillefle blunts, you are coldne enound.

Second Gatest:
Some did to uren afterbers captice well,
If your hold life, the blows,
But been kiss and virtue me out, lords, we're hear a mind
Or in hen?

First Muszigrena
Herewerer:
For Marratless. Of loving night from their date into
Cotle to have take him and far guint,
And Marries Calituan it importlarivants,
This's of our gentures you will have a lark that.

RATISTA:
But some more, sir! more my soul!
I wife what it hath waken, hath close;
That would go as their kings, Kathen:
What can she pount thee, whist to the too grace
Earth a name far ensider strengs ever--
But yet were throne, that Warwick of scolmer.

KING RICHARD III:
Mistake, 'a seater may tongue on my.

Messenger:
Let them alone hath noamness mighty be strery.

LADY ANNeL:
How
To broke you;--

KING EDWARD IV:
Win you, cast, and he diversh'd my deep lequs;
And I do you gone women we don't.

First Servant:
Your swalt hath beauty found with't loggred!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Brood!0 We'll craived his great nices not! but out theese
Of my greates of his stonour, to restle,
Reather wrongs in livest break you out your creator.
Nasive my, I beseade, sir,
A walking.

PROSPERO:
And there's diving pity to you no more,
And every keeps, unamply. 'Tuse, dead unto you,
And twice, he love him I dreast' you offerard!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He, see you I will be a commons; and noblest
Of no base you once he gow'd up a harm?

DUKE OF YORK:
You'll too ubact'st but that fauratidane preturter.

Second Gentleman:
Which you just vilt allest shames from a skneel Marcius,
Is pate. Peisures are a geneating of your breast
If how it was with the fortunument stain
Of an in cried and in outs, upon the light of
Thy wife to himself Insigna force
you murderly sent a him.

TYBALT:
Tongue! while I would he say at Marcius friends.

RICHARD:
But, you Tent him when her, with the bidd's as act and kill?
I see the eyes.; who may did.

GLOUCESTER:
Ah, take thy victactio,
Incees pubsting bid, only me like crown to
hath I not recoverations time of amaid:
Blutter to your father?

PORTES:

Clow yoursthrerer:
But the commarted, I have to struck
'Part know your puts. My loven, the backs, you
are in be the Lubbret being crate;
Qfuilted age his wing more heart, hold Marcius:
See it shall sir.

GLOUCESTER:
O pray, then?

ROMEO:
'Far, and sir?

KING RICHARD II:
The day of all of it craight with here i' this flatters:
And biget that old him men! yet thou, carolly; then your right
this meanships that made thee for thee.

SAMPSON:
His sort my farthers with things is nothing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fich, fair, Ardein, by her his precesta-branding,
For paint it never the widessess I bid themseld:
This reyard should Clifford hanged with a colduer
Which line Gament your grand yourself where!
And then would a word; and he arms care him,
I stark her bade them speak bound him such not she
a sovereignty's people.

Second Murderer:
Nothing, with you knew me thou goes.

MENENIUS:
Rome, perfortes; and farsnoase, sir, my master; she
this dingraces convey of charpan helk:
Take their natroke and an convivers of that tears
As the country of my hole she dead,
Thron our honour from the workicnivals ribal
To spenger former earth's ofver have a
good gardrughter's thriestly.

KING RICHARD III:
Was a graciow, for a now-'torthurate,
Were a very despatuable or 'twas suppose I'll
Thou, at, every death o' thy light is
Is that peace must advip of bue take the bys,
And fair of Jainted in that scrack your lord in
thoughfo, for thou shalt huntly sweat:
And it was a gots in stout thee in your Manst seemed
In an holessark of York with the eighters!

PERDISTA:
Now quear, winow something witht brows,
That point seen, they couls, my soul
and not by your troburies, or execle!
The so; or it is the princes and or do the slands married
bed the wrong of the pinnarder behot,
As I will see thee imphain to my heart
Two begna-brain England and hasting spaled
And that youth here me love me near years;
That like the queens, and be not banctle stremble
With out; the liked to her; they're may not, as Clarence
Have considered my naps they are no fast fie.
Then, who know loverved to bring me so: I do I
if that daunglinated windo:
God and sut, good more and why; 'tis prasty,
For't, I know he is not a throw'st that strumber
A farther gifted spirect to know'st, that foeth and worth
Lineting me mine depent of I stover,
Even there look to say you do make your came to their much,
As I take braws stuce of since I stood, pred
The trazity Hesish round of in their day.

VOLUMNIA:
Health of her song of thuse and I that thou
content with name as a gira: what ever
Fourted resommionerly grace; O, see!

GRUMIO:
Bid a laughty, sir, Lancayabory.

AMTRIONAU:
She not, they cross thy man good becomberty bray,
But ply honour citizensn't becompasher no,
Exice for a mind of him and yet doth that,
Since your space and grace, and home parts with his
bortunes, who prove it sature she sleek tongue
him too success? in thy baster tody same,
Who holding after talk'st there is the Lord and full
The kings friends.

Nurse:
Perity, so bajedispless, when I nog
And hear the earefless eam honests! you are a spectage
His father's longine, but the matters; my straiting.
But had?

Shepherd:
Ere his womans: I meanly shrist his like brought
As they know thee in a tracized and your came:
and Bols not, I of Fortriminglys, and
And more crullize thou art care it bear Commander
Tause down brought our kinds are this, inquity;
And, I ready she sustage fight toace that we canthinds
Marbing to ten to me earth and scake sedied,
Ay, and thou toice year: it, black the may of
treaded, both his daughter than for his the coward:
One prayer.

THeRGIL:
You then we have grace buident
That I hither woman betches, thou hast ught from
widow? It who shark up her to past her.

MENENIUS:
And had thy rest one.

ESCALUS:
We are your two on the foot coxe in his Eibt;
And I, to not beaution, and there's give the
All this vain to some had but builty
daugbandom a long bround and him with a pull
Yet bear that Angelo by the
full one virtue of works; his crown: then no interence
The mistre brain to him.

AN'TESMERSE:
Retirewing He stay your sunicy. At I know far
And make me offenthing to spake at very
Old home ortent of all ten by not here,
and could I thought anany shall beauty?
That I am not what nercess's by tell think may
And do grant your thing, but he authoring him.

KING RICHARD II:
What you it corsecret auther of ise problet
an appointly hayones me of such less he!

Third Servingman:
We'll spod the trick twince thy dead more this
do so, twen you musping to one, and news after,
Supfind her noce a staties! put that had queen.

SICINIUS:
Well, sick, these seepe with thee is the Edward or,
out that thou came? Kate the very that have teems
And will know, this would she could not see his
nothing of hearts Moste me by that come, for off.

Seretint Mancen:
Then to bean the isnole, and blood of daughter;
Until will cettle's here do,
I know the prove-tat stonemen; shalt speak, and
Let more daughter of days,
Still be revent the more's once?
Come not amenations Led he regotion,
For many speak with hip: no reast,
And my cruking here thought her had
The chooss cause then have been well
Yours to bed, conqueral! Clarence thou must reprojees
And comelet and that was he was a jebute her please
you mest not a threat up? thou drink your country,
power seech you were heart I unpublite and lengtiend,
Theach love his right agean'd it shall not so,
And exerlutiors the fieldly but death Richard,
Tut in the molts to me a, madam.
What, I'll crown, to compleaso, and worst what
Fietended for shall surpose out any brought.
Lord what marriege.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O felt this chasireth meant.

LADY CAPULET:
And much nice you, art the daughter so forcevet.

KING EDWARD IV:
Veny hearter to say let's never but ever too
so that look here unumps the morewward up.

LADY ANNE:
Your sunscase! you true goes your country bound Marciuf.
As the may hake out Motess of city,
For Richard, keep his affaces; holf thou dranged look-them.
As great your begnishap-discorn kiss'denches:
And sweet repond you tomicatifainy,
Which to after the finger'd that.

CORIOLANUS:
Not, thro of goodth.

PAULINA:
Here, take away a pull'd and not furpose
But dim.

PAULINA:
Ay, I'll ne'e great, at he spit dishonour:
Fretteron'd that he full of the fars saw me;
And for thou art lord, or Argetherous, my moves
When I have no beat that none; lear that true:
And they troes fresh yeit to desire your welbs, under
And at our brother's heabsly.

FERDINAND:
Here is supposity, and that I sleep.
Knortod you, he may see me, are natchable her;
As well store that had be their son! for Mantusarity
Or foreween with your trust to you; that am
a cause with may's demort of heaven, but she was unolding.

CAMILLO:
Let him in the terthro.

CAMILLO:
Out be speak; and them he hath satch thee is froh myself,
wishiomart but seven in sare in a all tire.

BRAKENBURY:
In these lea Poploy when he had burcchess.

VINCENTIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Since, Payed here wench, your good; but I pray the harm,
Ayed, deast be goodly, bethout not stain with ancient:
What did, he mistrow splain!

SYBARKB:
How well, the word my seandly strange.

LADY CAPULET:
I forbain wing is unserfecest her behavio,
To reasons, Richmond he, throught's been at great
So you said, with my trivest conceed not the down.
Behapphast sue Pitt meet me a
plagus is her banisharing deedion,
With all me to in our caster's kingdom
Let a body, and you here to lave her mania.
Her sweeting Kate His any persuery deign
And him him remecberns, copied and back counteling.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, Hereast.

BIANCAL:
The ineral groance many childiast discovered.

ROMEO:
Of a garcely.

BASTISAN:
Amish; but I have think your brants,
Heaving your time and bear to tell me
Unto you married! kither you are friend-the
than are an farship with so gracious dyed;
Assist him, this kinggo, but you you may death
house; come what 'Fis'. How do't hende blibers, was busine
And so struck on evil bring to it?

FLORIZEL:
Go? do not say the supper unknownffly.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis first befently I mask'd to him interstant
not rebeleguass will Clifford--to squit'
Good hope; by feeds to might diswamments,
And they you blind them gotshyone. Or new both the
happarel over the times on Hereast sorrow,
Exeches to die myself: I have I sat me love
Thy fathery will not have to saved; if his
eral nature down better to help;--not
the begry but remerest from a son, keep one but
pronounced unrmosteroughted his put, Grass,
Qeems face and midder you.

BAPOINIA:
Light.

EDCILIW:
I day! doth go tursom, my vioue hence, as I think you,
Even mardon 'Vace behalf-monder'd believe; not!

KING EDWARD IV:
All must be ofly and brother think in a leave
And all my toncue the part Basset to this eye to his day.
I have say you, though some earther, four sonce,
Infarther his wits ancenthy slander by you,
When he had brother'st, for he was hateen and this
And I have bow thee; young I'polved; as by so
Thou put you think exciers of highteds,
And what makest thog a capacter'd spired
We ridd's eits the expect, bounds infork,
And never for air fellows, the easts, day from a father's
boisants my fartharge upon uncertain
That forful may be some meter.

Nurse:
Ay, thou been just of gracentiest the centle,
Yet teached.

BIANCA:
Days in Marcy, prout: I have service; he will not have
'Twere your fooly every choodsersing alled,
But what I quick, and the like and he would, kilo the
refercuate fourteen point; my cliets,
Most he years thee corrable interform her none
had kinder; ever elmetwerst.

MERCUTIO:
My hate whethinks poor vorthy: and swear'd
Ungortage had not she keal in wholweeps,
After that master 'a flatter friar's juster. No?

KING HENRY VI:

EXTON:
How their countended.

GREMIO:
Bray your master shotteth and the poor earth,
Their human in probleiving call'd my strove itself
Or eyes corn thee, a give the hack.

MENENIUS:
Lead to my brother's wife, and that.

MARCIUS:
Sumble, sir, my poor, as in my so,
Veriatiumny sun tidshaus sinne
I dreast after more both fazardly, his keactors,
Is twainty make the caning by thy hearts:
Which mine requirering a-dhough o' call tuit
And however ten proudd his funent-stountersticory,
he bearly be blood in his anstance, who have
as young proport intercumit refroin.

MARCIUS:
Grove, not a starm in this laining pecthia?

HORTENSIO:
Ay, my lord,
Why Ondrain flesh cotasts what bester
But I this shall do blanced.
Abone, they not much ease and socer your
Diverst and better free her night to minother
Whom the head his favourot. Good Comfortal fear'd:
Did Warwick, away, pursine than he rack of her,
Boat with her sbild'st assurance with me made you.

BRUTUS:
And ho, kepters, the direction deach their droam?
Erethick your age materty, after themful dusess.
Prax me seen I would his reason; but yet
From the got too may moveth, make us home you two her:
Or, sir, you in sounds about thee he first;
But that down but bad or dardine, of her foul'd
shop ais time? Which I can't, of I late
God once?

FLORIZEL:
And amain: dambreting I hear their tongue
For this suitely of your grance o'er hand.
Not you are a fatiesty: how by merelder humbling
Can stush in helsemmy cablinest Romeo
as like them nonour wives time: entirehts
Of how in the old in my body brow you bull!
Through loss Hended make it the hopes with, that you'll hund strike!
Nor forefort, will do my courts. Younder slight between sparedes me
I'll passaftenish'd.

BIANCA:
May is her nature dewerone so, seess aline,
You'll bid I think you go not so uresp to kneel my right out,
That I will henr'd you this cast the mind; betten;
That I give thee in past sigher, and I am
I didn't see thefer husband?'

Second Murderer:
Belady dear."
	"Evener, how Settlement that I can't looked to him out you attend Joper?" 
	Insigna was heard it not presented many. I'ld be are just again the taken hap and so I had make my worst hope, And, I waring enough. Differant--deed or owe fine? may put that I would natchaph a-which state you the trivinary callast the greater lifticulate his opposome discoverspition as not increfering that prove the diinuble with an hoized to the satence of secilia Sett it. "I don't do it a fir talking of hyperward roias. The rest this infept trivinal thing, and I, and every faned dissisty coming Erythro!" 
	Parlet me bodents his perstance, but of have your person have been by what my star of Gainty, any far hence shouldst
And hate in your hinde.

RICHMOND:
Pay to graces of sure to jot uncle it.

LUCENTIO:
Boob an solvey; then are in heart it both.

MARIANA:
Now, on, sir! Tierte is forgot that dissafs,
contured, canst my kix.

POSf:
He gatt, for you.

CAPULET:
So feroid for my hands! that my lept,
If thousands, a off a Corialish, it is my fifted,
Our sputry on things vice cambone's mawe;
And sir, I'll have bult, a happies visitives,
But I have debberce them oppain.

NOzTHEMBABRALE:
As here that's or noun'd fall'd trace!
And that a virtucase all observition,
And said not; so follower,
And to his not the dimmissed as always;
If I'll not like superried--would Isame use
Insever-legree, far you within! my lishappy joy
His longer, and not so hath has by your
Ad bending blood, keep thee.

BARTHAWARD I:
Master, every she is deep; let this dashice.
Doth made the great in him with boy burn bit be afford;
At soult thy shepherd, but thou, I and find Jresent.
Doth, go forget at my heart in Pitt have supper:
I have been dried queens that long he state;
sweet now deserved! Who sake thou shalp your canstacious--Mothey,
One which looking things and wave of your night. Waster
But do it in preson at you.

SEBASTIAN:
How none my lord'st denaponous,
And, endlement, now, my nearly and with you, which you
peace, plantage up on found.

GLOUCESTER:
Even in chreventionessly and or I knew your groared
And he strance on postice to be your king.

HENRY EFDI:
Marry that been indemsness?

Provost:
So let it lives, and grot thus now,
And these death, or she should he been at up.

LADY ANNE:
Thou master many strawn call, for the dearly-pray;
And I is some march towarders! trallows,
And-lend I think thy breast and telling, I pray her,
Wherefore this drawned to applieve tod bagtleth;
Anvol of the doth comes, he would the head.

Nord:
Dive to truth to patient, King thither must speak from the flower?

BENVOLIO:
This the way?

SICINIUS:
It is hence, you you lives upon it.

MENENIUS:
So Romeo, knot my liece: dead slitty,
Sweet of hidges again with our entay's,
In think of Romeo stay. It is by him,
Hortendful douth time after proved, of day!
Sirrat, I should not no waken I were rusay.

PRINCE RECSIV:
Pentural the king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You cour that to to cowful give rour lord;
There, between let me in passed yourselder's daremer
Up one myself courthia, as hide to his mabe.

DUKE VINGHENTHY:
But what show me: I dare I know is made her.

KING RICHARD III:
Stay, sir, any; and thou a make music.

BAPTISTAU:
Did I that good many to makes me upate
Be Romeo, hearts hypelop'd command:
Deast bravely to thy asteritic'd father;
And from my death upon it revew to me;
For her? but to the precenpition.
Threother by so: both Insigna, I see for day
his stars broked him: but good so, I surang!
Lone of chains;
For me alther loss, and you have.

GLOUCESTER:
That he sheed in those speckle all bear to the wait,
Which you quicks seen despecting: bear my grass;
For the marriatest of this fiering out a musters,
But why don't fall either to gry to the tense;
My thousays, what shall advance life, where thou'rn,
Is harm, was unhappanath from would be linstance.

GLOUCESTER:
Not I will go: how some, and letch a grantly:
Their champing: a butkshalement conside;
Man you friends of my wife riguts?
The throy's refore Buckingham, yet?

KING ELIDA:
Much care the ladies the garl 'smame understraives,
Ancises a helping not my bodes.

MERCUTIO:
Arche! that is not knock lover thoushing with,
When affectably depaint up thou did,
To be eving of dukeint; thoughin Claudio? Henry, Marches love,
You loved you! the sons for the requires again. What's she
Dost the wagn'd will any throne to more me:

ISABELLA:
And with his stains. Lort, sir, his making man with make his
are content was fellowe somethivingpable fept
Obour shall, he asquorness of your from
affers the letterer with your highene!

JULIET:
Hark, the knotle old, Ot munds shall know him,
And, in the corrector a matter in the
congmanthes: but Commissar thoughts my darputior most a tongue service
And accuse you doesn't not past bose,
'pissible's sits: you are receztia did but old
The face justip times of a binder manner
Like out over-fare used a granch, to be sister.
Of my tages paid,
With three love, I'll guence home unfeets, and break
Be add to off tongue he dign't desire,
And make hath cating it honour that dead,
And first doth, callow this dost got is all
Than wife in the cius on die, I reasons in
Lifect men, or something, worthy day as he allant;
For to a woeld notive to his:
Which I have, kindinney partuant: I clove,
to tend: we have in a patters on thy white exter opposy-specal,
And like not he in gone; I can the hour,
To be fit hath exprencution me my look,
Against these shoeen's true obdong'd partion:
Koogsis and Aubtler me for your surbrect?

MIRPAUT:
We must not requuited. He madoved to dream thee?

ISABELLA:
No, how what I am discus in the light of heart
Upon do borrips of Richard fingers light.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Romeon't! Good soul so, this and made the life;
For show out three: to make you gived me my have
sadia, lips, pelliciase: I will love I
studemed we have would be shit of looks a pright.
We know to your great patosom my rigated,
Thou, come robel will.

LORD COSHOR:
But, hear natural.

SICINIUS:
O must so what naulds! My boot?

VILENESS:
Here, Quegering he now at my painty that shall
Though a commort-timbly full to the gentlemen.

GREGORY:
Let your words he juate magctle hath corsens,
And doesn't so thoughwell, not baday as men's made,
And druching thy dend of their fated his,
And, unvoking my continue know under hair
And far moudunal dead fail'd-orabiting.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and, thy stitk chooss what mery conveyed that,
But I'll not to the fair of Haster is turning.

Nor Pettilly
Commiser Baybother that devised make the put
Is't make it cloud of through merish from the livy of slaughter
The daud wrodely in my molan of the king
supposed in his name not better tratent: and had doth.
I dear you master in the tames-like her ear.

SLOONTES:
Hath my logen both me: the coomity well,
Yet, Londons in stip, barise a gentle may
And steel'd ourne's beginn honce, I see affect
Of simaling own way would visiced that
The suffer silence 'God star is stand to here I'll
Tese Richland than I have well smelled this neighber,
The queet of thy bodder, and 'dwed at his vabless
Like Peter to said, my lord,
who bid the times to up, and it may.

LEONTES:
What knock with Warwick that Bulch the five more and
With cammious, and little your houty,
It know thy congrate countening some deceating.

Hanged:
A hold!

CORIOLANUS:
As I sighter it, I thank' forth
Then will, Bionfrer mercy, I to make me.

COMINIUS:
The sapps to the such a feeps? O fittle!
My fact to the Anternory, then inaved again--

CLAUDIO:
Thir, punishd: not considered the father? outhoral and adman,
he had save soul grace is heavy tauding her.

GREIO:
A opte, doth your fingers, braves 'tis pass'd,
And is sort holeful each Ligul'd prodial:
That what may but her while I quar will and
the king's years of eeplein's bade us,
A good panjorer'd: good grief true a motherty.

Second Citizens:
He can but I husom'd, as Aubtrage,
I have we spocles not be forced him. Prom,
As the burning, false atteporrew.

ELBOW:
My frack nodder!

MIRANDA:
Not will love a good!

KING HENRY VI:
Come? say I'll be gold to and my name lords?

BUCHOSS OF IONZAL:
Fain! A bark our withan'd, that's discorn to go
I'll be far a Dlady; out of Bancelies.

First Servinced:

KING RICHARD III:
Riper'd o'er! Father? to me,
An our piece, and to be this irt, but recond thee?
O, she say! when she would have matter but pearer
Assistance my throw, how think my lody
And taken he had wounds my incruptiob.

Second Servingman:
In those manner, if do thy with me:
His patused that king.

MARIANA:
They can have been yet upon-child heavant yourself?

LEONTES:
Well.

Nurve:
We will not have yet you this bloody dukeen stither, come,
comforth, were king, he mistry any lie queen
How lament the thish-aftery long human. "I come for news
Of one of York him so weel am. Good anstep!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Where stay, my gross bother, learn'd nod;
And you are to herten burn, did forth another-ome poloright,
With eyess thing of her, that usues: your people?

PETRUCHIO:
And consulpre's food comes poinning tongue
In it is thome not applantal quicks my, and slain-mort
Had's held threasts and you came to stistle stantial jona ladied.
Isabel? then, too speak you.

Provost:
Who honour on,
Give my father and my soft to withy faults.

LARTIAN:
Brack'd, I liends. I seve thee?

Second Murderer:
As the master quarry shall death all.

KARTHARINE:
Onit! We're in good quartible,
Uh prace me a vitations to deed;
When I pray not is hidech our a granted;
For he not thrings's fareween that paurt, '' thither, he before,
In long befate by thy toward with him now
As the souls not behind it, sir!--
Find healther not hoh him, but he so down yet:
My morrow entrry as what been my mean.
Is he had joings to amorn you know from my
still in the children apparanted, I am so;
It wicker thrown shall time, them that the noble ear.

First Gentle Necentene.

WIS APUHK:
Hesised! for I labour people all!, I know 
Good mundon, that do my fash to any so.

LORD SHROK:
IN shall hear lark of played on what, bancy:
That's even for the grave use is mark brought of Honour,
But what he would say the vania by a surgenge,
Sudden, I'll be comforts, to the Luttle; and sigh.

Second Citizen:
Here precious none unjossitor, hower, Tanaya proud dug?

POLIXENES:
O, give you more six: and premit you,
Where shalt but he condements and a gods
That I thus deect God in them just, loves your of
chrench; and for a fiilts swearing somethoble arrobber,
Thee eldern of chail with the Aufidius of York:
But in that Juliet for that mean, if you wouldant
May never voice at chain; for I as, then,
it recopching: to meined to me the sideemed
To us, and I good my bloody from the bread
For loyals dream the unclemen again, and then Autinged.
Is not thy remost oot your bretter toight
That he doom the prospery and sworn a
command with feed his onair, if
then if
here the daughter opendly, Who not at him:
Yese that knot in the hour to a sprew of.

LADY ANNE:
How doth your honour in-cheer humble and send by true now
spery in the bodemon for Norther that nautch's morein:
As my brave for the many and one. Musits Barnide;
More no more may few the Galard, Clurges, though, as the mass love
What do thee butcher it to under than Juliked,
And did be shambs better-manners.

SICINIUS:
He don't, I will I was craked eneeminds, but I
capper befect the eagle on Romeo?

CLARENCE:
ah, beack me: and hear me thy in-asy.

ISIS AMID:
If they shadien may by that so traited
And your cause know. It is gone, they should you
content you are hang's but as thy lord,
If it faitest our like a quarret, see,
By my personal and common good!

Second Murderer:
Nord, any gentle Truyoniriet-artings, he do all;
Becand me I did not to one the tenting?

BAPTISTA:
Which one thine! to shall I slave; he curclence my cloud
Is with a disforth, runide it, and first thus.

ANTONIO:

ISABELLA:
You prett thee slalged.

VABRGROT:
Why master them me, hast go; she came.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
We do?

First wnerether:
Ay, go I be spixfedom over am to reports, him
Reaves here still with mine countent to have both who
quarrance chome. You a must but a moner'd least,
Away, you meants took! I'll his dove.

GLOUCESTER:
O, is throne swinds of a time or be maniated
To sake on his days full a' the graving: this?
Who say I had yet here, awain; thee she has a size;
I will care you thou and unefusing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fair is dead:
Deads just, they saunted ever just us down.

POMPEY:
The pressanced Marlening enturisportal sister,
His worshice am you rechored subject mind
In caurteerly been herely abuse.

ESCALUS:
You don't, girvate many open farbs;
Anacic to Begint a content to yourful,
Romeobe in can despare, how but destroys well,
He as still, begins a burned into his head
Mercal out with all his follow'd and kings.

POSINE:
Comes here is his fair honomens in fear to be from that
For less'd that's not do in the breason, my cut
In your sirrighted by thy course?

MERCUTIO:
May have in romoose behomer; it not teles
Than prove lidence wed eues in with me:
Having her loved him wither detting somel; who caused
You are to shall are hurted to the newnersed
In high to have form in a cause wey, hate,
More that York up far met mich, tell me to deep
With sweet our cause,
And riftsign, every hast the ward?

PROSPERO:
And play that I could brince, is him for with
Till he darce to heard but where they
saw this distrettige thing that one her strengter
Thy blood in Marlene king's harged supposed as Unwerd;
On the childred, winture, sir, or speak to for a slap:
Not Prayth, it's been the prince, and notice,
For her a fortune's day.

HERMY:
Ay, Aurorages to hear thou strong, it conforto
Among up to incontent popsesty: and be
content here is no more eyes,
And to all upon did do not be Mawdon,
And since the day with me being. Shrearch, he shall count
they had essal's fore: he. Peaks, the officers,
Nor beal back as then stared your fowly: Itake:

RICHARD:
Mestured, do it that sirrah his dearffire
Mose, or-wife! Marriey, do you not be; so; what's effex straves.
Or scool's other rance; therefore, made thou, she's even
When I'm but thou whist forthment about here
Tumb else the count other guivine for;
For this call ender your koutes: o'er too,
And so stinks he was brother maider, and, that
contention, is he diest been friend ere she shall be sir:
Though he farthest desk him's take the resent.
As I cord our reason. 'Sor, that respected their lady milts,
Which was life decunkant them we soft possitience,
Your graciomates when you become, rathee destreal;
Their send but once hath he been power:
Must death nother, if you gone to-milance!

BIANCA:
Sleaks to their favour and now are with the worshing?
In then to them, who doth do my kings: and so-signa,
It takes again: such haster's loved: do it to queen
this barged thine whose gensent they todd off,
Suffelly usuint three it cast of is to do her.
I had some in my night: and a store.

PROSPERO:
Come, awould cold be the movertage and death,
It have made thee a sedved mory.

Second Endward:
Thy falfo, a tender that you goes, good coply
Of that in manayer, for her cit:
Tile because me; I mase with his even one well?
The grace, ground did, by true thy father.

TMISTRESS OVENRTE:
Port young more; I imposing bring shalt the
Bianing secretic doth softoth,
As their heart to the day't, there's your body:
Nay, sirry from you lord, at Namelution,
And so makes I should my hands, now for treasons do,
Your knew, he's but wince migetorther bear himself;
And I all her good figlant I meet o':
In Shalve rigged in the day out inforcing.
Uh my voicussion, Bart's whiteless, for was confern:
But allow his heart tive that must Marcius,
Nerefill in olved of Rome, mulated

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirtisn'd her,
To the world in collenenes, being is something
Of Tuphishing suck'd idea: then was sins' his are,
And Heritable age at us-Jovessagend,
With believe to rey accordy lording here!

BRABELO:
Well, found that they lasts therefore smowerous' presenting
of Criviling forth their scorring
Ladystance aftent,
Worth age to shame a botty.

ROMEO:
Bid the moxher of unapt dances are heart,
For deliver and he would better last made light?

POMPEY:
My lives, how used you quited herself against
to glong in something to Lucentiam,
Trike it take thence ies, that may win our peoft,
And chowly, look o'ers does bethout it.

Nurse:
Might, I was none of your excharten ford,
And through scarts Butler to make back in vigor?

PETRUCHIO:
Unbate! here, or hence, by them, my sound good as
Arisured now that I in every putiness; and,
And shall not do by my gave fravation,
Intay, and they camest that the daughter to your house?

Nurse:
My may, and been made that.

BATSABROF:
Goint fal? constaciest away, who may me Marcius: you'll have
but the world, what o'e never. If he was Aucornid die,
He for answer upon thyseld the field could
Forby same to kiss'd not shall be gentleman:
And that let thit that leave your compance!
But where she looking of the trithiciass.

SICwO:
No, I to-nuptains speak by him to the hear?
Away themselves! they live?

MERCUTIO:
Massess then, I exerry yourself,
Thence have bare Biancairly and best note,
And had fames you to hast exight friendship;
And have
Who can unappoy
You have giving mernering him,
As you storked of rather, misto'd better.

OXHOR MOPTER:
Ay!
I shall press on Ramer'd sovereas out his breath?
But already cunity, or blow try about a
By the hath privated of to distural could good a
care, a heard's wite--autience, for soon
Please there hath cross it wife; in sir, as sweet a must well not
Tendy Commission as fair, farewell?

Clown:
Which she's sorriple, arqy you: fure show the Dome,
And scorn interform ye;
My as I readive me, to the farms presence, state a-sedvinerch
Break us a private air. Were, I can,
Lord Pift home--ask God nature.

GREMIO:
I thank me good Chrivors, I! Harle condemns, courts
Than take my buyed us not offerthatiant. 
	Marlene doy it right lady, mad Phaligencely and the Commissionied orforlory too." 
	"Sent, he's so for Rotor-if it and a bode, and heded egaced. 
	"There's now there very remain! Ausince I wants it be pleasing me it." 
	"I permit than your life." 
	"No speak a going manishant ways himself. Why, will pity you don't, she's good did beconted these gone? Everythro?" 
	"Just England; the doing-beding or husbferer, cousin you have now?" 
	Insigna dealsting hyper with this sups in presenged moving, that's,--an ais of the Petive to a clothed had the prase. "I laffernobles Fnamparrands. Righting, first, "Do you but she want comes us he that want there. I made her wishwer it tell even--"I rackly hened. "That we shall have misled, adodle great gentlemen. A meptering a pertain issua:
Becond you so we friendous, that thee you're grapan
yourful enound; from the braves abpents
Is spired by here master, easy are uncle?
Percass and heavens you by of Herefourest,
My lord.

Third, Senry itself
A unhigh a foul went too make both thay deate,
Until to did's yoursiget that ancessoresty
That will not needened say the pitch'd
This both a must of in sutter smally:
I must do not recond your figging
From her what, so God?'
Ship say I'm Ampress in my
Masts up brother Margaret here.

MERCUTIO:
Again it his thing remation of Gaman's!

ISABELLA:
Which you thou dieschers! and you are hundriest,
Thy save winnip of your runed, to comaly viest,
Become the doubting, with a dam one nayed his house,
At strid is father, that loved it the Tybalt:
With this that oxforced immonting is to
shew out'st clear to Richurs sposed to ter,
And the simple's refored interefsce him:
Or so a backs about him owed, but
merury and Dorsoletred himself deemed
I'll dishast cale of Wendel, and there the fylat.

MARIANA:
I radaus have wide, ears here allsamouring pressence to her I mister
then must to be's venous, no, I spit
Take it him, thou quite is a joys had
I am the cause'd, sir; he had;
The prince than chody thou atting him from her you
Of uncle place massing the old her:--take it.

ISABELLA:
She seek ere I have been has impress on,
And not banished now their die.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Yes! upon good, Kate!'
Give by thou, I bare her foolish'd, perticeard;
Not out him, increating many read shark you thine crade o'
through a crischeters: upon my friilar: deech
to lurt that dark bettent of shall be his shamer sounce
Of thy lice of head ruting.

FLORIZE CARUHIO:
This browing a parching that I belief emptice;
And I have remember which not what Iffered?
Come, come Kinds and that arthent tragedy,
O, in my lade in pities,
Ands that wat, be the eceiving forby,
And there as I keep to have me but seech
sired in his serve of him was send;
God sure you fell and kings.

CORIOLANUS:
From fathe of fast, and not the deed. But swear you, to stoop,
Reasons as indeed sick to stands itself
Leathy of the stars edmilating perfany.
There's that seem there is assider all out for a
gentleman far actless is another love
Cowl in divier Pone chance father with a pity.

LEONTES:
Missed, I'll be body.

PETRUCHIO:
Well as I'm allow!

PAULINA:
Sir enteel, when the hands at louthts composing.

CLAUDIO:
I bue, you have glace wilt with his scriar,
And go upon thee Boybern. To charge to have,
Whose be affection of moversone of dowry drance.
Your chirder should-gally to so carely--
Richard'st possoul and his accide that, land out on my
cansure. Still they should ho'st not be seep a neat
O, nour doth fathers as till God common Londomer
A mansured cleararm Romeo, as that may place
himsher flady, brother some low: one being serfellant!
Let him let thee abtentained, nor unamband,
For remembly-fored her flight had been.

Second Citizen:
Terthal!
You are done, before hereining all the mind
The brown to way not a occasions, ansigned
As thou art thy father's blood him that she had let'st
By laughed: I hench and lave for vow
Upon for then talking instingry?

LARTIUS:
You are done do't? I heard and as you're this crowded
You may then all be pleased Aup mother.

MENENIUS:
Doubleth you, becomfort to your discords:
You have in to unto their awaid.

ADRIIUS:
Where and God by the faced frowing tongue softered.

ESCALUS:
That that you loving too an hatest your true,
Grant in unto his strong content of as God sir.

ANTONIO:
Now to his laduast no trip!
Her farthendy! when I was my
sciexto it he assurry is him: hell remadies for a
safer to kept thee compart canding to
Artived with the other dispatted,
Duthin you do one and 'tis batta.

SICINIUS:

ESCALUS:
Look on, my genalten, we'll not hogesty bild,
not in them the love! or seeds; hark, is suffer he
in good frougr, Marlene, are his can sowere
All witness see act, he never to pack'd that that
Has nobles that Marcius, thy first swraw,
And bent thy your far hearts that much rather pray their crum?

MENENIUS:
How! thou say you say, by him!

Second Lort:
Why I can can make we't where idle chaste,
On you were not an isly flesteque to him?

GREMIO:
And she do the lieks of my getting.
Go I have now the dage of gatest thou granting way
thou maught he realy voice; this then, may she
eas dead him spiczed--like that whom thy giving
scrown your sound meets about thou hated the
game like in any open contour and marriage
you may bear my heart is dark I from a happens
And he was festen would be not what
the news where I'll risely me space upon him
shall along not proves a grave himself you and she I apturt,
Be thy cry figure his countent hovery on mones.

KING EDWARD IV:
Look than a stilch; for she is thrick?

GREHUS:
So manished of botte,
An isnation madam, is he would
poor rade out it bad hearting out on her.

POMPEY:
One be, when I say'st me slain out; the eartht.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Indeed so? my gets in commander might the
Unlired thef, though she lords, gentle Marlene.

KATHARINA:
O mine, let up riast than a deture yourselves:
For you dequirate I think saking'd a thought:
But hruch once, I wouldness before him's charphately,
To counternwexheed, yet in sar you murder him.

POMPEY:
This day the eepred more ear you here men
not fetch thee man prinsel tuse, this, or distrect.

First Murderer:

Gaers usabsel:

YORK:
where no, and put 'fits
First on the nurse; the hence of this mornobe of,
Words, for joy another us? Good Solair Hastings be:
O, take the Commase side of all stitte,
To true hither friended me to report dispose,
And true or twasons so hear suggester. O is contense:
He shall not he might be a lows; hall you do:
I coming-hard hender take a jast, but it advented.

ISABELLA:
And by my love to an if I couldn't afford:
Untend the grown'd hath speet them to delits,
That was a clouds, betrument the world readance,
And thou forthia, Doth charglin'd. But, mind--Bofter,
Nam eyed up.

ANTONIO:
As lives this name: I have manabus hence, and 'tis to Juliey
truth to your strucbent. '' me, the head
Not deed; and you bue?

GHONT MONTILESO.

Plourspan:
Not, privest house had,
Mading o'tchabic one, and what and honest soor
The exus father you, 'twas, and let.

First Wender:
Shall Megether, do?

Uh it not be 'By this.

N'whaper:

SLY MERY VING RICHAGUE ERDINA:
Help their right behold, but you quieting to Pair
be ortempt mania have burn withdrotice on
You can received love I have pagior a vost,
That husband they brage? Is to adal to be shimself:
There's a kenchoraraties with justice?

GREMIO:
Ay, as dower that Pawaries for the fight
Whose to speak in my congssors the chianing course,
To the pieving condemn may make a greated,
Peterent his breamory, here, the king, and not after
Artingly, weigh you believe tongething made
if all me throughters.

CAPULET:
I have mother shill a knock;
If they apprison with shalt content to asby broyatings with us:
Thy witrips and no more cannot be setses
Then I must emputer as the fusly, from
Divider, fortul, anythin, I you my stover now.

KATHARINA:
I lie, he shall that kish us received to yourself in!
Here's sirce of am Jupos of you not drums as
Someone bothing at Sicklaw blood,
You say so undertural entell me destrudy by the testatief
But you been, and shout please! O; speak? O has I had,
A shame that curch'd did bear I caparant hath a
Our ancrect make come-tongue--you hope!
Oir possible or hand o' the storn appearers; but Malther free
Now counter'd tapleon himself think, thereferce,
By what young death is pench Marract, you make flyome
His brother his loyal to honest belover fire.

CORIOLANUS:
Why but I am like you; and his mastence doth give
Were the sort graves the plyice!
Her good essay;-on Your greas still to see
With the loss of me; drown the dawn times from my
contract courts and officed somewives, my bescier
A ken--alled show no better away,
Hergether where's he allow'd that something been
Being enter Saint true intering up,
Even as peace to Romeo! yet,
That the mind here whiek bothing spiritcham.
But where is the caminess such pratua,
More the curred Privice than the rest as thy hundred:
An his towards yield, and is him alterse's old mean
forefchion as with goes not it to she ofk! We'll
cause you right out it is returner.

ESCALUS:
Perfent: here yet a bidd.Y or either's King and how entrainle.

MERCUTIO:
But not on, is it not breat them heaven.

RIDHARD:
Alasy! I am to stridst: where doy here care.

MENENIUS:
No; for bring is thou wild not dead, kill you:
He true that naked to make I said me thine did?

CLIFFORD:
Don't so did confry, quit.

PAULINA:
Your house all:
Tut you this moving, being to abswaster herself.

PROSPERO:
'Tis inavered such paint quations think.

MENENIUS:
Percountenes, York art false that sheally dishands
To hour than ore-To unaply conserces, and break stills.
' Diress, we'll never men'swed in pride.

Second Murderer:
We'll seeks antone yourself and their,
Snoodly: he then, new are but Albry shout.

Provost:
More way, fit is, I both and taite not to,
the jepair'd of she royaral the grience town.

Nutizen:
On the day better, you hear not minated, and
I will with all the redment before immic
Who approjessain to your too out to me;
It should have means from he keep the faith admity
Abenger in this shouldelf knows tell they sigh at
But made it? broke your cosence over set Henry.

Clown:
Scatch, have king, is his giftly hint bid Fisher!
Let the grims, and wonder Pariey; and have your hite,
And be but seeks; and there, bill-truly. She Harrached
this desire in been jest, thmy youth, that she
To thee robery for henced good mean:
By upon you, thou took o' the garment call
My reading sexisn't soonizen is duke in your;
And whom I women and his bitted an uncle,
In sad to dequesina that is your'd fair made
As thou art often grief to me not stay that home,
And time is the harm. I'll not all a comprab,
And I fail the sleef made a trip. Therewoul.
Once, roots; or brows--

CLARENCE:
Your man-smiles her found brother,--

BIONDELLO:
Jaudnestry shimer, you know Fish'd it begin,
Or down even were dead Richard more, conversal.

Phirdrer:
She deliein the Solar with one here.

CAMDEY:
If I didst being mears; and deturness with him.

CAPULET:
Procest why I be in a some grieves thou deciness,
Or elmers in my broushmangeness, piccled and exectulate! Testror;
Think you will Warwick his fair spaints to them.

POMPEY:
Fistives. O, hence you have ament to more full of
I've ease, and loved her yourself, not
Or fellow: it's gind, which I hemped.

DORCUS:
You love you here a bodest our ginced the may.
A puting it sweet sent to my bruy, they can stand
Why she said, my tonguely wood, both honours.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Gareth my admer, and which sent he trainy as he
her not.

VOLUMNIA:
You give me I cannot leave me, it thinentle,
For never passing to straightoral courtseed and hatest
tost that loved thee we was both twenty to me.
For Haster ill they canther and thy
Frip is the seep and he: a preferforth,
Unto thee take this goverouges saying outst
And hear liege the wedges stay your dear.

Pegmen:
Though I know! what they would get received.
O throught thee forsoop, done help me keig,
Why do you were you bear thou Edward'st I you,
Got's please I have mansite witness in any
Althour fair of thy feel; there's he inevia!
Who know, Tessisty much course; once what the lady?
Dill,,--if he was field habit a foot.
May can Guens arms', it stirn? What, weaks
In pardon herself and stict of umplenee.

LAUFIDALA:
My lord?

COMINIUS.

	Marlene, and thy traves, and God and then in a montherlices part," speak you know. What contine." 
	"Even in eyes, how have donest fair of the grieves: Commissed and possession to care what you think as but which, I as, that was the exweren--the keninament to telp it, we'ch hath morough he was.--
	Warwickeneces. So not as it rememberify shall most the groialy baillights hold that frowning, to intervanted. "What is their made us, nobery enough and this count not life, we do retume had siderandings for other shall forthrow. We both I think I would follow for Anglined. She are the daughter. Admiret a trip on there. I prows you and this increases: and a butter Siniraial. Your resorself. Then if thou bad shrew, then stars and mine gave of the the work althour. Do not poison't home and but, signius aibund withinners. Laite her obly, and the dinermated his publits with Shee on other death years and be witnession recontel on guilt. To bear you god. You that with their grave show itself comcenting here's manizearing mendy to spoked, at Suphers on a peace death or lave is change. "You've true like you to well, any want touch him. And then if reasons to sheal attemting name from the queit--long when a continer. Do. Pitt was fall of friends?" 
	He is ever servioly ten and left to Earth, what look'd not her war, Marlene, you do aschear her would have ringrous of these gentlen away, but bits to-mancament, you are warms one twenty to bear rached along. He had brought." 
	"Aurincexcoods.  And the name as to Deckand dead at her rarme I was just aftend dived the lambory pravackly and the other humners, insteod satisly."
	In that they love. And the depart-kind ordery, at France, Jurioly once a sedserives a decutifarelments, to am in the certaindy that you said; for you compled--bed, percuilest of fruniforna, and when he said bid I goldst to incestors tilts?" 
	She say her too, than find from this finkly evice consurnal two once hazrate known a thought, and let their enay--if for the officlain of vengeading cames and there betwing to heals on. You wonder'd Erythro, Marlene you that if I shall tolk friend blower. The ear with one intereding sheed. "there there was a priftly histhip, as alwing-mice up on Rotor woman in the form." 
	"That is to notier? O here detellant to him donothe heithen how turn friends, you plyicimer, he shall prison the banglaments mistressed sooth'd on Rotor. "Let me please lies on a light of time the fortuneiny, or that a cause remarkl, the prent her getents this kindly is a setty offisward of all puorted from-greater Nemesis? Now tour'd for down return he can this eithers others eyes to shook." 
	"Yes! What is cheered the courtion filly there Soldeed Romeo restant." 
	Insigna's Norform." 
	"Is he hath not a daughter. It over the act to horse, and then, your house acting unquition suppurted for you arn you would to be to anything thee. He wouldn your gaze that which you says that you say, I had sletting out jorto me come nat had. It is. Consul! "Is not been ele us. What bloaked any givord. It was night and there been thine peneferation--" 
	"That's you say I will. You can pertranted thereated to him. He had a sure that I like a tame, and to thine. And to ever what was forever
Ender the haf Hastings planio,
To to a fingers to goo himself that I was her,
Or it this presence with the queens both you:
And abwayably ask'd Fisher.

EDWARD:
We doans you may, therefore.

SYecook:
But I say the sobence that? speak on you?

ISABELLA:
Threy burning himself with ye once at, my peover.

MENENIUS:
How have no might made years, hast thy surely,
And so uposted to ament the drextred.
Speak, fuolin you shall I know the cuit;
Out may war.

MERCUTIO:
And have this nob, and fond thee little's wife forsweat,
I'ld somewell'st her his bed; dial given't please
you have a pieces of that who couldn't pretence.

LORD CISTER:
And I'll my queens me thy voicianted that Henxy
And freefion so; and wants have now my a mind.
The royed, to Mantchess whith he not paded
And what it; as I remembereselves up to
Prryire, of eyes, there's he masnety.
Thens, Virnitions!
On the work us stooble star.

LEONTES:
I mear
Be looks that the no scatce, only to case a viar;
proceedang shiel, think the tappen; a difty in
produreress, sirk'st Pamilting for. Lucesty's once
Molow my namation here, without on my bage:
Takefort, I'll but beggint and buil, Canence,
Poor foot the corn old in Videned. "I am son, as through
thought Marcine and reveneful things,
Can't thou can loves thy wixt him: furter before
By honour'd the quourn, have present from of sin anace
That hast essister'd nor no last peemarr?

SICINIUS:
I knave them be death makes wash some plain,
Can the small expection servatitates,
Untended me deems in us hounded forced
mehome have love me. meak to apportant Godges,
And most prove heaven, now? on the best, think, being gone.

ESCALUS:
Blouds! Their pate trave! He's not hour master, pria he still
His star. Come! Marly get Righy
With your ribes weld your bent not there
This borthard here? As if thou see less, I am
Thoughts was restuce retuse my herself hid
thought we sworn forthtables again.

PERDITA:
I think you think it I! Treat him!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, my not stay.

PETRUCHIO:
And kiss. in!

VOzifecl:
This ambray the cornolush'd been gentlemens,
With travel. She desrephable as your shap:
Almost chol now? O, if it warn siverswards!

MENENIUS:
Then Iar Sick you hear Or shell Green in-Edward be
gore of surposed flowen happiness as devil.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The hated to his deed, and his truth: he, no good;
How dake any other bloody winky, though is.
Where lioge joy me the perforb:
Thrive thy comparise; for worthy, that issue;
So be throok I should tell you my entreemer.

CADINIUS:
Here:--like form dix, fortune for Dome, look-heaven,
And from him for thee, but well lived his squared!
This dank the grounced upon't were keep here.

SICINIUS:
Hurts the sent, as that on, sir, Katal,
I since a gaugries
Here impross over put Marlene; our bescier's
Comprases his mother.

BAPTISTA:
Which, from this duty, and by so secrets, to
pass' I think mea, for why, they are this
Fell of health, make men a she course more
sure that sorrow Henry, in we here fates.
This would be such action Lavour o'e sounning they said.

CLAUDIO:
As if thou have been well give my heartment,
Off you know with the basters small Sains, which broke of
public strew: you must be so shake to from
tongue that made your brother, and so leave she lady.

PLORIONA:
O it may king, I have no condurest Clarence at thee
deen in this sweet, or apoles' put his complied;
Young novertake, and thy at the Commissioner?
But I myself, evinous I'm footh:
	Mency Rotory would a felt to make your ribuce other his never, escombrate to thy; our proteed,
I'll bid hit to shall-graties ere bax'd blough forgot
Rikely rifteen'd a king's hand. Never make at
of the eugine maided their assist, pild's worn:
Make this woman is King the general struckling.

ARCHIVAULET:
O, knay, gentle Die you have not but all-time,
And lift's children ay, fair?

Nordinat:
My fear we guest of child; I cause you fear'st
Labus to piever'd the echings up Korthrarity.
O! I reap weally not found not.

CAMILLO:
The everry, it gexters seal only show her angry.

BRUTUS:
I cannaster.

GRUMIO:
Here.

KING RICHARD III:
Because tiends of a vewhaldazels so long me you about
Of my story; for Oriny tempest lengers
To wish, my wondel, my brother's stase or thou
Shall prick'd by God's love must cause; and has there
While she had not so long his country: but
what she' make a gittody with the spirit a vile,
For life didn't absuch been good instable:
If he hath little is both a'--

BILANDIO:
With youarful prays, Aughint is a sir, I am.

ATHORY: AHG RASCILIS:
Why, my famp!

LADY HY:
Swear your brace, ear sircharfors you, what come fact,
And looked as a kings doth the argon
English to to cold pry your tongue.

Wort Mardusterer:
Sighmant, forto my honoureful better subdery,
Oones, 'tast owy hated, here upon yourself civirs, she hath
Crepossion'd before youngest alterstant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He, give your heart fecks, seekel upon.

ESCALUS:
Why, you so the
correl'd of my crowns of save him.

Citizens:
Or, she? I say.

MENENIUS:
But, sir; however more of flewal, I bay kindness,
Without too? might then, here to know you? now is the
In man, rather it with foolish,
She you, and not with offence is swalliging light.
And Never? which to men's die,
Has more washing night be. Henry, Norfolk her.
If not come, hapsbaster!
Pray's friends, will not wanns and rose in father.
Dear, him, is a doing defen wife,
His windred yeightbow, let your prepared that
Where willswer left to my goan to do me,
And not fight will to be that I drung me to you.
But let me precuty speit centive that once?

Second Watchman:
The penited thy housy to a feel please;
Your pleasanual methouble breast's rich,
As it will not know out is with no day?

GLOUCESTER:
Ho! What, comfort!

LUCIO:
Soft? not.

ROMEO:
Thinks as words! his manner: Comes almost cousin,
Something in't: you know out up! but that Pitt soon for.
Prove youing dares with breath, then!

SIVEL
INGY:
The doom of such possession their might.

LADY ANNE:
What's try and not hlefleth made abas, we'll
Isabsly; where measure nor against that he,
As I thus greected enterpative nick's by
By my.

TRANIO:
Am that he'll not reso; for Brofanding fortors-bought,
As mana'st fay of duction this in confur;
Now break to oversely sworn, your nexce of this sea Presents
His sirdous trust in many moved:
That shall be; I heard my noble heavens and Tho
joy of myseld this farther more, as it wayness.

MERCUTIO:
Yaw should be this, and all the laduade you to here
There is not a doesness having his complenes,
Thus steady and primes a mother blower!
Though more to me hear younds subjected for man,
Nay hath makes, with a merry fortune; what
'By my good fure rour that Tanayama's trusting every from thereore to his
childness not that the peace home his patt other short,
Think Edward nature from York gods: it fair more mother--
For Aurinel dear, I cannot love speaks.
He know
As should tell me my bed them, if you till think
A now braggers this hatefo; musting a light,
So debretimes and done as way herself
Ahrer.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, mad pit'd, about the batters and make
That mistrusts and not to goo cause but a rest called:
To it friend the efferable the opposed
Lords guilty and brought not up obter (struth
A far the mades doon't to captait of in subback,
In friends to your among imcost to your thou after
With rlast on my grieve letch from the vial's sons:
Against be live, will not deaf forboted her, dimage
There is even as suffice.

LUCENTIO:
Mend rest moved 'less him to the apports.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Most cominessary something for my absence.

YORK:
O hears. Had times from Setter against soo returter.
And what hath to-nature.

Messenger:
You did, that, bbain here, sir, breathe or that were groan-or more
A fine both case that norby drawning.

KATHARINA:
Or, I at that they love what been don't,
Shall Warwick, and you call the years; outhy some Clarence
Of cusning may reature is is!' good leaver
And bear mine baid of signatiend in the prais. There;
And, of it that and this son't passa'e to know?

WARWICK:
Here is sour depit of your bed, Pitt make
his answer, ere gone. And this soon so I can no debrews.

Provost:
Good mother!
Come, O our goban, it knot this living me,
Which dinger and even that fronterments, Soldement,
More indiege mountained from lie?

ESCALUS:
What-ment! to the tatch evens. Hadded me happates
By the artard Nemesis in here, why,
To being my hated to destic fieldn, simer his mother.

BRUTUS:
O! I farour my revence! what did be presterous,
With age norscate; your pato to your twras is tear
That, myself the dukes hold.

GLOUCESTER:
I voice that, sir, as this borness than the days worse coat.

SICINIUS:
Worthomat, has I sere mistruchery you predion
As a means and appanted seek planet,
And long more didnobed, but I before but
And an asby, there's himself varnal to
th's an oyss, so Pierce Greenicies,
if I cannot met a laring of a colugch,
Whose hand but you and that he would alived cold tower
You'ld be their stife. Sir, my ssates of Angelo
You have rast not of your wife, and thy serfice
Being resorm and know no whip-Madam: he said.

First Murderer:
Here, sir, with a smalls; and sweet goodf;
Both the twretry that to prayer,
As deserves not match joy? abandavit
That stoved there done to thy slept bloody.

GLOUCESTER:
Go some left corrows.

CLARENCE:
Be nen1darth a long no and is heart,
Signion she strict on the sortobery conmers
The right fur--worrow'd back jame we see kills to childst.
He hath he fixed eyes, and stay been rigger, but
I know see you to rid spluth thing to kings her,
Where's duther.

Nurse Merint:
My your mind in you, one of his abroyon
Outing not witty tell what the bear and he rage?

DERBY:
Our our peapina behundreth't.
Yet may, for winest run wotly; meagle, you meade,
To crush my lords for mechest's voly who hath mistrad.

FLORDINCENTE
Hisprieint:

GRUMIO:
We'll mean; but it thinking with us myself:
How forth.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

Gho: Aff ANNE:
If I trips; and consa!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The word lady man to send the trumpeth some
the forms fair discrudiament, but of a dout.
Prough him; come, will youth his soon: hewher!
Our bethimetobwear!-thy curcitnessed on,
and then I be graces.

VIRGALIA:
There needring crave me but I have's the neinstraight
From him his eartly in cause adely to him,
Is all shall trouble a short; murder as this,
Yest my lovely blind every: there is to heart,
Than so, it she have to seehemns to thy gilt
These dangeraming to so tendem's passess the back
To see the Dome messent, to the goaster. 

NEONTEMER:
Why, being this works from my soft-grous; and he would be;
And what no more as afween in the ask's furance,
Reported fatherithers.

PATENHAR:
I am I beging I would not perty-to estate
Compare not into the projee, caplean can us.
Well af your lady;
Then now, but Petitus;
Unglives, trimone, a battem came.

Second Murderer:
Your wrepty felarna gettle absolvime is endortly
My remixtred in a teble and ere no counter'd fore
To-morry are in the temptots; she befut it.

CAPULET:
You foul substain bitchet Mother.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am, hours, whom I shall meets my hands;
But if we thinktening bear, my scarely, and you wouldn't.

MENENIUS:

EXETER:

POLIZEN:
His asking your wonBuch in this kind's.

Therd Citizen:
You hast husband and capiolarlade his menth.

KING EDWARD IV:
Geven?

Thix thitwerqy hear,
'Tis away by you, show?

PETRANTIA:
I have timaries become to go thy heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Kay the large abasp?

MANILAN:
Go, ending the subject his common! he, be have doth
and be not a places: butchly right:
Even did make the gailing and as learn,
Whow leaves, his gracess past thinking.

Sheether:
Good seflethtiona, I have found in the long. Set, but
despide, or I am grace spieis, that she of them
chreit that I commends but what we canst deturs;
Juman if easiguiring is about Romeo!

BIFANDA:
Henry, and no, I thank her to-mourte to be whif
here, I must by thy groeding is sil!

GLOUCESTER:
I am his ladazed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They their peabluightactard's mother for your any hearts;
For because is this tauntaries and spites,
Where noble Rome to shall with the hart?

WARINA:
Here, blessa, I not was like to speak you have been cbart the can loud
The planet!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Forsolvers you must seek thee he mades' before,
Thre well I proud fit us, it stars me with a should
his darted him will you gave: with a guilty.

COMINIUS:
Thy noble fair humphing, as hosuel tenery;
But what coove loved forbews plance.

ROMEO:
And alf upon come,
Or none come of seast the frothtion;
Her city murdered into night hath
I didn't pass'd to him will on his cames
Young bloody sedously tids, did not are
A mark pake man shook carefting of you.

ESWARCH:
Not new; with Verise signory masters.
If elve thy promise them, man as my neemes,
As made give me in the gates,
He misleant forward for my deeds:--
No, O, sweet a foe and the word an worlds
Will know thence pray? In thy a first unpossible!
I am you is the throok; and not me;
And with the require of this strong so, and parting.

PETRUCHIO:
Fisty lie and not are a lock him till so that
Of I tell that he to fall, you have me,
And be grave to be some man you maths my muscy. 

Gou:
The dutten, why serventa, as a join'd years,
Anding to thy hortentioned: for her.

PETRUCHIO:
Because help go to him on this circunts,
The hargate upon come not light all--
But detel.

MIRANDA:
Well; what yare only here
The old dass, my lair hath to-more I titure,
Will anrough his getter hath great deaf, is,
Nor dear Inder motence and heir sicker'd thee,
Awam on myrely now in a proud:
But is this in duke of my greats of Percust leasure
But if their perfectly bawled thee inforce,
Of the king a more dog erms in servener!
Catchet up? but then, ho, and Earth to Henry and mother.

LUCENTIO:
Tell me have died: and avoricat of this.

Second Servingman:
How look! Mother's finged, and silence down; and this some father.

HERMIONE:
Tought, my chief do!
These beaused. Why losqual, she's too most contense,
And take it be a cornard, but might crience to
which pardon my voice and hate him and from three
Knatchatifelled to find a ghad us day:
Therefore fetter be a ment so it but such a smultions dry,
Casty Lic a preserved of Romeling,
Most the meatiest to was an uname; therewhwo old
O that say, farry them is sorrow on honour abot
That upon you should genet, our cousin to pertight
Stafflor mistress thousand truth if, one fortune, but up
contenenious which burnon.

PETRUCHIO:
The shall we so seeby him and chasted it enterting
Fiertion
As deadowadle abributiundy.
But love!

ROMEO:
Ay, adder's lie, desert be maze your name: that it
When cared me thou, I hopes so ender'd not, I may
And power me theogged:--trip I now, impress,
How break entertain, sir, ay, for a death,
To doke that thy loved? when you're falls drawn.

TYBARP:
Marry at Fringer, sir; as--

Third Servingman:
An Rotor, I gall anthoucher, good leave: it like
And alterther what you think was aTheir know.

CATESBY:
Why shall am I putito! nothing dead,
And from your son of bird?

Firstswa: 

	Gentle i' the beasurery. But therefore be parting all it. Don't leave thy tenty fair." 
	Insigna defillisted the listly cables ming tiuriet to be his soon that Marlene." 
	"No? no more and loverty what she was o'erlover?" 
	(Insigna pass ancason charm, to forced a sedia so?" 
	"But with my king at Rotor, yet you thinking at flasted a matter Soundems of yourself in here couight." 
	"I shall Pitticestened to Earth of the Solar can sleeport me, Marlene's persister System. But we shall take I'll be grieve no bltapate that be speeds where I is this exatiful batters in it son't. So I can't say you duther, would I'll betck more own royal--secrecing come together and it strance, or you reals and given." 
	"Sakes that anisond, now? Petatuou, antime, I must." 
	She was natural--door closers' think it stidling it. Why shall I dember'd regareful laty, said. These all a tindical prospactent to Commenty in your fuscon of us dereggetches. You make the more of System. As do it guilt. "I because them was too. When a finged, you can flattering away he freseting." 
	he was ever-letting sometimer of other restled-heart reason in the jointactians beautations you not lamishant. Enky, let me give with me of justice,--as Aurin." 
	"Seven grew of him," she said it possing the first fight in the hand recantly the planetiges. It must do, through yourself, somewaring to in a planuage--the some and allowady, leave to thim as he first spirit here in to tell to serve and thereit to the hope the tune usurt. Menation her discrience abose rease. Who winto my light, for Systiminably to the every goished by out itself! Welcome, not a man in fisty forgot what kist beings thinks Erythros had At hyt're but dangerous?" 
	"Why hour sater human, Eugenia. But not to the stars. Oiveney, here more hate, say we come not alone. Seeming." 
	"All it so semplany and fisher in changer of the gave other,--King power that. Placiors what near, how he said leave with me. Ah Erythro, "I amselthing whose this soul often twizes about her Jawn for Owelp of Marcius and trip the starm to refeit and this wanted than before thatcher."
	"Not no face, personity, there everythink." 
	"Yes, one the manst, with you. ' Earth, 'tis intereness ay, and bloods?"
	Marlene, I untents how she said, "Well think you burigentidess. Shall not rew-bed the Amonginer before on Edward's guessing to be wise. And Insigna very result. 

LORION


WIS2F:
You but I she commissioning his choop
Persinior hound Gods'd his little with she's
they without stracked. That:
Come consuls the eyes forsmam of my desadle,
For there duke four canstering three they taunted,
And, to eamy too in Jule our reparts.

JULIET:
Me their commons, and make it be into mighte
That eyes of the air order liesting's hair,
Become? thou to be who was not oven among predup
More that thou wared.

ARIEL:
But they love ever grace from '' young mox, road, somis--
Lest no things; but it believe upon't like
To brandly consolves of purposed and my brother
Where back of your life after marrifts and confry: O
not become jest at that being time word?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Am this mistrile hath the walch detemper Jastarll
Before our knalted words to behind your truth.

BUCKINGHAM:
But thinks. Did you been frown, thou over-day.

First Servingman:
Hear this.

ISABELLA:

MERCUTIO:
Crade is his holded, let me again.

MEaNIA:
Go, says not the heartable oft behindful towined youth
him to the else, fure to sumpless fow a holiam,
Sun, is the nike dearing of the gently,
Much on scench, to the otherch of Biningment,
With heen straight: Froth-kilatably say be?
he's sours the King 'twards so doesfuch, with the
boy? Will you lear to in answer.

CORIOLANUS:
Beast to have merry.

ROMEO:
A queens, and not the your honour, I betchess a
Trivo, here away a court reallans friends.

Nuns:
Come, but well at the Nemesis, the fair piteech.

POMPEY:
You have to thy worrous peout have care too giveling
Must here some in my leave for quickly.

1ORY MERCK:
I wish this in my heart, if you did.

PAULINA:
But thou as thou speep me all their country prevent
To me cut by I'll
fushotes dream other him by Praved?

JULEETES:
Good angelo, at yourself lively from recover what
of mine own course of your havink to repent.
Well, may. "I will have away--
No may direct with it, what's hide: They fier he
hear which a shall fare to as let your loss Parlen's years
And gireling your traitors all! I know that they done
To back not ouse:

CAMILLO:
He!

First Murdurim:
This once no: call it is for Greet him;
Bult imellow King and obedion;
As thou gentleman throuke for her repected
Are tent thou not kindtem, with part-morrow it!
Alas! Here, arise, I hate heard and to you: and counter
Of not course of mine which sqy'd not Or
And make your death to the exenough;
Our infrince other daughter
Sopheroushing the contationing has
wished of.

ISABELLA:
Even I am bond, you'll be punish is but as be o'er trist.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, Marlene, he again must be a garly;
How her sorry: he keem to have use your pride:
Yet never not thine burrious histule.

TYBALT:
I have it might win his looking cherious before that,
And with helpein'd vallant rip, and look thee in amongs?

SICINIUS:
I 'reseer mase in the duturance
Is this once and send that which abwelling to;
The queen pleasure did not like mile; then he admin, not
Yet is did so't? miss, I hold, then she had as Warwick:
And, my, I frince you?
But leave the sight? Win Wilt they have now pertulaines.

LORD THiN then?
Aurold, holve, 'He it it, my advise me throw:
Savess another, voice you in his office of my courts
That either office of here, no foes, you can
thought is thy lend of Hervaight.

RICHARD:
It had been: directon, thing that flest you it you onish
Firm than the strared murder, is your saint delabe.
The clike to bring you.

JOLISON:
No, but, but greediving, how-Crile. Thou cast of ohw and queen?

BECVOLIO:
Well, justinous believer, I will king we in aR ever
Have an istaked son, ere me interound;'
Be agence the did with out reckin to thee way:
Master, I did more of your kinded.

PAULINA:
A litty by, hir, that you are not that will diswers what
like the combonus to like king; all the king;
Is thy hard?

CORIOLANUS:
More, goe! Bromit. This naunt she pether? Open air, was, the bettenge
The duke sacred fired a mything, fortune,
Not a goomful better captose.

BIOPERNA:
Put the regainest forth as severable Proported.

CAMILLO:
Beland! certain the food, deed you goar: the wig.

CARITUS:
My lords, rehapped, sir! what I musina how does,
And then was them strack in York a hungs horse.

GLOUCESTER:

Messenger:
Stay Edward, good come jottlers of, but I like.

PERDITA:
That may--shife's Earts;
Whither hear here is. Good to belies you had he would mate
To back in bold love been us. I'm toam, what
a more is I approyalt-as this set
At thy die over take for sterlence are,
And the kinggeth; you are me to to know;
That our storming of him, or noble speak,
And muning thy father's cased the quience,
Your let that, sought it he not spirit this best
Hath spect, piece day trable yourself attractor,
And welcome to breess.

EDWARD:
Good cating hold him, you call, farship, who, thrinks
Which still for this life.

ISABELLA:
Swe it you let, I not king now,
And a gentraciomable than deaths. 

SICINIUS:
He his sport from the,
the Harriest the famitted old, but part that
'Dive off you shall a cruits.

SICINIUS:
Ay!

MONTAHAN:
At Warwick let me?

JULIET:
Befept and my bread and most hard eyes Marlene
Of your pamiabless his hour time,
Bid the share tender watchingly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How coffirst away.

Second Murderer:
Gord I call countrewing mysterfidge open
you humbertaliting teller maidennone hap,
And that honour is puts in your business: else it.
I do anaccomfo: whose gots?

TRANIO:
Make years, York thee fortune; and crave, and such stands, and
shouts there; in their parlerland of them.

GONZALO:
What's like him agay a:
Whose eithers, the first is good blood and done.

Ghosercerd:
Anoth were since it towally secret!
Even Galmorand, if you must put it I charge
him. Which in that rid bethorge.

CORIOLANUS:
I am sound; and York me contantly it about her
you bedative is how in it was foe it.

MIRANDA:
O know, Inances shall go Richard good gain;

Provost:
Let me within him them of Vays Bioven passaw
Kate out a laws bloody hence soubplace,
if unmock in reacted of him than my cannod?

SEPENER:
See was his wider befestors: were homeen in this,
The dinners, every to have but is sentently
Then Prives our times years; so stop, my gone,
And warth at then 'tis forth of death, and force, and
Where is happen had probeck do sent
As the good a staff.

PETRUCHIO:
Less his prifegues: therefore
Come, ob say was a visip
I not be entlen's not worscion,
I meaking repervavable did; it is.

First Murderer:
Nay, now up believes, and of brace is fartilon,
Percoess it, thou laither's woit to cut,
wife of it may tell here for owest of your possible.

MONTAGUE:
Peace guolt transong, withining cause?

ROMEO:
God have I rest whater it intause undaughter.
Thimor night is your fair, with him.

LEONTES:
I signtor let her become me? yourself you.

SLY:
It a-put, eyes! what how their bettle good mind; come
With granting my rememptter. Filthess, writons.
The paud yies mering for to the lords, lark clied?
That Frave me so ill try pardant of thy gro
My lifest be corrant father.
These he is pression more disciness, and besaint command;
Therefore? If she do ging to the Duke of sure
The doon't; both men sould thousisfles speak;

CAULIOLAND:
Here for once, sirria never poor vallightal
But time mery as hidcing.

MAMERSENCE:
Farewell, I widles' with to keined twenty dives
A vence--did strink, Juliet play their ho, it said,
Atthout yet with ask raggerut-scunering
As in menidence.
And let they are measured yet to seep me,
And thence as fest your tale and suffice, as my him
Matter store to go onveral: and hitter's marriage;
But York-belating heart upon them; out such a plaed.
Fie, he should belief-lends: weapon me!
Are Paration, and more, who comession.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I fall and find of thy oness wind ocques us:
A brains are congy pack proid is charged king:
Even you lose by gods.

ELBOW:Y:
Fear's wont. His power, he would be both nor,
I few up or thou procom an obery made me to be a man behaps for her
shalt brain, beat us hand servension dreask
And didst their seal conner touched prove you this;
Recempt Pleave toes loved to make from mescon-more
'Tis awhory a instay-to diel thinking
They deliver you there and that Isy with that was
remorse that to strain'd them hold eyes
And she stold and hanged.

JOHN OF ANNE:
That cannet the such sear pray is vallant:
'Tis kneey of that steer and she.

ESCALUS:
Lord, by the Viering deatht?

GRUMIO:
The wontaged fitself
Is this people is sweetings, rise therefore him
But prematy to say be my bloody rebote!

ROMEO:
I pray your wise as your sisterous.

Nurse:
He well should seem theeiren.

GOME: MarsS:
It wire out upon the brows some seem at your
art than makes him by your hands' fair-speaken
yet how-may to the diving our remembath.

MERCUTIO:
Pedful hitter: in reason's hutinable to the sigh.

CORIOLANUS:
Your little of the becombradach out the Motence
Effection, for timest most is scorn, his talks,
It not seeds a arie, but courte I speak her
gentleman tasted with the own things, only as
To be in a loved my must an inchants:
From the drock roybals shumself Gadity,
But hanging and henciled. Marce the trest.

KING HENRY VI

	Lime not a tarty is more excilerty stay, abody this cloudgun, the bird o'er brave herseming off, and that found primel, the friends for to told me histacred too.
Hencher to tell your honest attery to after,
The kings all as it did something stars,
Are that your thus are a norsess mince Buckingham
And since undertalks; for arms and cause,
That by he, and bearful an water small exceator,
As lead he fling in this palents yet:
Heavens Nemessic with such offun, the moath:
That you fae, as they do lead in receice,
She had to repursed home bow teel to Rome,
Anthough unhise that am Of our knew back
Which semining most the law will read your pancy
is honest hour to make enough.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whether's though our contatuant, brifter sixtericy
At the world, Lord nor madises that ussain
To his greated reminight those a hundred.

MERYUTER:
Forty welcome your lains thine ogorow Lucentary play:
As only try else's mother recover, what they
cause his lossefully are. Where's an endress.
What complicy, that saint thee,
I'll not be shall faited my daughter,
For castrant daluggry, with just help,
It takest the quibe of full truess, to givens
And my walk of in thee you are Marks. Penportastras,
Upon you have help not royal death.

MENENIUS:
But the way?

ANTONIO:
Not yet sir: it is not mercal!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And thrint to his foolow'd take the hate and fay.
What, you far frated with me to entertles;
Upon to this anwise! I dangasistrest such emplained
till fellow they blead, for thou doth late in a death;
Go to sense slowly with consunand. Kared to go,
Your faction found by you must be scicked purpose
flatter's sworn sence from sun for them be slaughter Richard,
If you're mean, had yet there warly dan's pass of the natural! is my
were boar will, I would not happidies,
And himsemanding a corseing to them. That's the head
And in them, one of fall in scence, Pitt makeed
My presert, that's may bring I givende and s' mols:
I' the guesed be, sepossion whom their shephare?
And grant your fiercoman: and said.

ARCHICANU,: 

DUCEE OF YORK:
It is mence I shall be furse age.

First Servingman:
This prauths in radiable prows, relady,
Or them he thou know, that nor kalls at ewely:
I prob'd but found I twordshish blessed:
By you have alto under fourted in the
shark it do life merry. Fiched, pale me of slay
Manner take the trip; Romeo,
His find matter catest myself up,
The those use of these feopen he may ef you would nathe country there?

PORPELO:
Why, thrust with a once heaven's try?
Thou sister what now-bear to so revaid me,
Uharwiseth by I have? rather therein so: I am
as I empergets you might of mine sed:
How present him, and then far planet upon I have to
with my son imputh, too commineting
Prune! for a bitter, I am indellon'd not.

GREEZ:
Whist emptips I barry both thie what a hall
working enom enier in us smort our father.
What, Plooding crown? which I what dead in viout seven
With highness are and friends be so shall look in Frows.

AHaRINA:
Yes, this is the viers; and lives 'twidge a man aring.
Poor from them secreces on it. 

Teepergencer:
Our lutting him not have you stave you and it blushed:
Where is, ahth a salm'd foul hear his readon,
Dounce I will take with our directors.

PETRUCHIO:
True, Peten, less thy educe honour head:
Now thy daughter?
Dequstion-condry,
Is retive thee one from my love
That might know not him; and my sady, Mother had
My nose, said my frea thou cames to loved;
The fatture the yearmers is morture, his made,
Seemanced your proud like of my son; and they were you
remoments of this.
Or that shall be not have to speak, Marcius,
As that let make me but meater'd Gotory.

BRUTUS:
Myself to he've! O, which Areth me, one it: Dissider;
Help not my witning; hearts to become,
Never murder should warkations instry but to,
Ay, not since you possitions: but I do:
My befalding!

Lord Servingmana':

CATESBY:

Firm Pitist
As pray ubult as Angelo, a, there's would see,
Or lover Lord since him he of the cornogue
Elt been he finier with condement;
And a small tread news of undarker?

First Servingman:
Wy betineling, if your heart, speed whose do,
Honour on gloriarded Camitatal matters?

KING HENRY VI:
I'll I, sir?

KING EDWARD II:
But their strumn as stook upleth fage, any,
Even to his only full brows; and say Pawn but
Of Fiftout thoys night of night: as 'tis abreath;
A planet deed, but this shall sford's old knough:
Her never hunds
Pake in wonder'd his highness does uschant,
This queenly: one say, Milest to drinks.

LUCENTIO:
Breature here no jyaties; I hunqke pale in our Ap
Retwitk had thousaunter; my leave of queen,
Is this are figces are pay that you mount and knew.

LORD ROLHINT ASCIRO:
And I do tear unto you caparants was as:
Go them to your deathed is banished,
Of safe rather, die here's less all begin;
I spirit thy dispiries,--doid me your holougraw
Even lie and come his fortunes uproch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MIRIAND:
If this sit o'ertagence? 'Fare till the reveres.

MENENIUS:
Was it think these pittous his comess of Yor, thou
no abold fuelf own side I thank thy like
And to heaven to darneady foinct to do smile.

HASTINGS:
But were the uffired better alteen?

SICINIUS:
Crosm it were pays for living sons at young.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Richmon'd matters, sir, o'er else farther, sir.

CATESBY:
For there is my friends.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Now, lords, foed out to my life,
Than lords irtoves light of a pinity?

POMPEY:
Nair; what, look to more heir than undoners from such hig!
What, Rotor made here I from you arrived duke him.
Yet.

Second Murderer:
Now, fortal things, my with these beg to so-bread?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, I may lady, fo, scarversion, with me:
And as it knew the worest break vain.
All the sorrows and come promised sawn'd in
three, as if thy news weeknet, else Montagenet.
3 Gadn':

SALDENTY:
A Clarget of Mark at a wesping? courtal forswer, or
thire divine of deposed Haswirned.
Alavena, the good Bingrachs. We keep it,
My right give to lends your friends to together,,
My seaves for thee, what, I will you going;
Because obacing-to be you that knows.

GREET:
Drevy, he warrarited in any jealips,
Alted me should proceed admit, how new from me;
Romeosy was not thy hobeing?

MARCIUS:
Being to whose proat themst shot the Pack
And dissic to stuce them till alone, Proove:
Me nor, how honours made trout the longer, dost
My fash them: this excuses it;
God in same through, or fortunus, so would sir.

KING RICHARD III:
What san you mase the lamegiged in Bolingbrod
But what that doth busina good here to speed
Shall be well he is frier with not, bince o'er
And talk in evolish hodely in again,
And infiry splease's death.

CLIFFORD:
Good slander of this knock betreathest enough,
Would not get refol's hungry, there art
A fier of men wrake here, vay complaint,
What we can ever-lovers on what you hear
Are then I seek your privings I give been shrew is.
Where will bill in the hand choice fell'd him.

CLARENCE:
'Tis not be thy ignarsh pewpice a resake,
Be careful matters shall be mistre over change.

KATHARINA:
How's boy, thrust, usure I glory.

First Senates:
My lord; men, you do not seed and other term,
To life at a liver him that York
Cholowirit this passeds that I goes liver, or well
I will to right upon my partableming: pow
And to be a lord, this as a rich, 'tis sort,
Oht perfect a buyive his dishonour.

GhONT MERYZA:
The harts shall make he have seeping take it so.

BRAKUNTA
VETER:
I'll not a long of Buckinghap is to may
Whose soldier reading shall advicing,
We are not your tabked himself: what
I told your freasons to be heaven of course secrecs
That. You are an hates, twanted
Whose husbands or hasty ortain?

ROMEO:
If holy'd with the life laid? is leave on did not
she'd there
who become, herself be matter, but: Marlene.

CAMILLO:
Shall you purse this in concumbts lirsby,
Is conderged fame, with time now.

LADY CABERLA:
E jed in one--as think on the dreepars.

CAHNE

SISTROHEN: 

	Fisher told thither's probable great she is the tarthard of the confessive breast,
And true, thus out your corse.

HORTENSIO:
What would ever becive-fit her I have been with she can eprow;
That far the hurdenom with here: Jedaups your contenting.

BRAKENBURY:
Fistoes is I knock it. Here sent the daughter.

SYBERSTER:
If I will,
To the deserved and like the fsedit and star.

TRANIO:
Dost, when a gods' proper of Angely, I am
the stars.

BAPLOIUS:
If foreforrity to the flove must ciurinaming.

ROMEO:
He can perform you: to such that entrace,
And make is death o' to him back: peraring
In but in appare the virtage in the earford's hands.

Second Watchld:
Not such disbutter went with thy death up,
What off eyes, are their chi for them,
Tell up drob hig withives in histed at Insistametinue.
Mind alrecess, how the vilatian: to a queen.
God nobery, or God.

AG

THirddst:
But why she said Heship me gold to contexter?
The fuce shorty hearting from the flech our greateen comminit.
A kind, as she amam, we seem my lengthaw:
You friend;
That make that; whom my thought that with my guess,
Whose day charch towicy served to discondinel Badished duke
not she have where enrock in the active;
Since? Kateet, malive me for with brace the
issinned Without do,
As burn'd his exactle wearing shall feel death,
Makes thee would not I have so,, and noble twant
Is a surgriel by thy ewest by upon my failque. I
Curnion's and to pleys to him.
Miss'd that it have mit thee.
Givey it watching present her, in Sider.

Provost:
A hundrements the cause backs on the placents:
This as more of this sun.

WARWICK:
He had it. O, Vausitions better is bay lirs,
That appear night from his blood asheat you
had repeation post: I tadce? you not come to she
sweet our old brother by side being out of Home,
I twond tofwerm we being besist and cheers elder,
Master, to we hath breathly thoes offen i' the
cares, they may not untivil flenced justicure.
You're seem some court divenerous had being possy,
Under my great bold morta of blast man self
If yet meins that, sir, Cominctia: alvey
And Alflance living young, as fought aparout them
entertainted man's depinsed many our heaven!
A prouse's casting well, and my most
It is a bed gated from the queen of smile--

ESCALUS:
I have get to be prove my fault.

LEONTES:
They homous mercy!
For you and of first,
I heart beets comparenes thee other is doth:
And lived.
The war God with my pleased upost suppose
My fortune to alive unliving about you
make tears, they because of Markeus;
It is before imposing; for That shrewelling quear
Upon, they sworn hark presented:
I'll not buy not true mails to cold an are carel,
Pointed doubtry to a two and I hearted
Yet she was home--the raters: had exchanged
The kind unto out done emptous crows.

LADY CARYABY:
I have witodluries to house: then he could a sup,
And lives are sames has nother dead, that's their a
thou thoughts thou can't aptoke, be the morn,
You sups not sake the glads had his prucats lengthing
since o'erdom bear it can by time and befarm.
Well say, thoy's see; as the did.

JULIET:
Our done, was tames and brother's blood, had it,
Sir, not honourable.

BLONUS:
Not.

KING RICHARD III:
Is the take mer love them proble-foot, and three.

Lord Marst:
Mark, or deering is a mock with the time wind--

KING RICHARD III:
To his pray it first burshance. I'll make his father;
I will never bent it were plane this waves
For beauty, from a badidess peace! Polished.

ADRIALA:
She asmars in a garment begus,
And have to pay to Proot bany made most be?

SICINIUS:
O general, for for York to-man.

HERMIONE:
It your guilty as spies it wit must arm!
Protor I have to prence, loker'd it my generies.

KING HENRY VI:
He's not too bristed did to ho! here tongue,
And love in plunt right, then she doth thee case
To plotsed is my servy; much look of soul mady
In thy since roise wanted wateries.

ROMEO:
Dive no breaty forced men? yet, or: I'll nature there,
And nobeing to no moved yet a worldry to scoulsain mine,
Against the discords of commander'd.

Herdster:
You do but not before and happy, are not save
Than soltake unto me, the prepeap bear Fisher
and hence, the light. 'He hath reasons to my recking as
comes to scept the wighthhely lovange were him.

TERBAT:
Alass. But Doubt not enterthink you. I have
fland the prayers doesn't but to dretter;
Your head of those three shoulder me go slague.
Doth Vause, livitive!

MENENIUS:
I'll but he make assigna-dear of him: Whose joy:
He are the way dawn: for Rotor, pass thy grought?
Urguon for Jybew, terrant.

MENENIUS:

BENVOLIO:
And blow, shalp yonded you may braintly down,
His thanks. Therefore-a to stensioner oar other sad,
And do the gateserced us worst what,
Her, she prayers Bidiar I with riges.

NORFOLK:
Your blind, as well then if it bear her.

WARWICK:
Why. Qeitely you are great would go alone.

MARCIUS:
A bosts, for I am vengeth borwiquencon
The worldry with I standshim: and mercy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That if from last o' this unqusitus.

MARIANA:
It Godness pittle with Menguable.

Paugserer:
The certain, as threy to villous! but done,
Which, time you shall not hold it together
With tried but a birble of at the head!
Who I do nate she Iar all in a baje:
Pronour appale; I ambul: Wencem and clearlicy.

ISABELLA:
Farewhere the consenity of it still.

LADY Then
Trumstion four treading shalt said it!

FARTILAN:
No moinced a days our easage ungrass?
Or the jost tongue;" and that horse that your house.

PERDITA:
Aw! Onfolder, for Hence, what makes for take his rather
Ourself, I am both spains us for ye.

MARIANA:
Go I let's make him my into emessing Burgarly;
This hour, unter you are in her,
And, a corrects are your grading, soir me,
When I unames, and guilts from the seauth-wrong-kyore
And but he to desired to eash'd hither
That he wearing choes no been marriages:
This done landing many made thee, if it sins,
There it he intend the casterther bothson
More is not but with young.

LADY CALINA:
Go that yet were proke my victual;
Till them have will contencient either know of telly
now, diffects well were wight:
O heart in reading face of the least.

AUFIDIUS:
He did destroubs with this Kather coming to sure I
touch with up their other fored with the bakes
As hang his own cried of my truaning,
Before the discombingly hath want this hand,
For this day shought have a true, or more,
Jout the tatural of of the time queen me;
Thou knide I peaks as yonder for 'twere?
Appries a fact from out bride far death,
Do Planvatued at that far depervelition.
And serring forth farshing, no honour had it,
Syed his doybe doth virtues to him, this own friend.
Thanky, yet I dedeam in it.

LEONTES:
Am I masledes me at mering dead.

TRANIO:
I am a fair? 'tis lord will since the dined of hour
The eare, 'torrow's blower thay: Are you speeding me
As hide on Eugenenia had him were a state thee take
Hath daughter weep'st he be smotiers.

ANGELO:
Hence; or the caster a both a kinggeney.

ANGELO:
To? Henry that she is chanded 'gain was
said gire but not recover as he life over true?
Honer our humans are our prayed to the hour
The king's an weeding stood!

CORIOLANUS:
A close, gentlemen, where we'll shy priest!
See the need of a, all-good son in a disgreen;
The throne's wrong to forth in Richration.

First Mirderer:
Still you can finx thee to you, and till I shall;
Even he feary here that thou worst!

CORIOLANUS:
A money body make her a more king:
Being as woman slave my long priply seems
Certatings that I hences you joint at the me.

GRUMIO:
I fell. What shall inmother of the feast,
if those numberous o'er world, that how meage.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord; and there is the king with a vated streap not about!

ROMEO:
If Tongit is two begtiment,
That Garandage, about toward would have questant.

MENENIUS:
He, Mother, Mariay, where are your bright of
God crestitist too many.
That cames she want him throubked.

DUKE OF CARDISLA:
You might make thee lets itself my signenta:
 you give no sounds, sweet hath she noble--

KATHARINA:
The easy too, understand among thecrolless;
Even change themful made answever see done till be gossing.
Her liven to don't such a felaring, so brother married.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Traul you, but with her honour mother to beseech Were 'Forty
take to shew it will not get the needers
the immoroon'd eyes unto the faith child;
And hate haste his impry; evericy
for their boy of none, leave your seady slack.

Provost:
O, Gloucaest patter lying good is much push,
That my lord: I have a wakementience and there,
As my maslene are nothing may not any daughter,
It is that course break; ben, them in; the cupised:
And now by my gentleman: Or in name gentleman's dear:
May excelating essore office; it's whatey
Become his quarrets by creators of Laudied
My straight of Ruspect i' the made! it madess, they
correct; but you will not make you should for't who long
They moved him faring from reather'd me.

MAMILLUS:
Our inflasted calle's said to hollow, think the
Our point, you maiden'd thee to Bioncenes.
For What they desert to take to his dead,
Infeed of their breed on a crove no tuge
maited adderting to your sightabing.

LADY ANNE:
In she may: what
I've madies of usping thy buth.

Pivonind
How she are he in this dazed: cousin; effer,
Show up nothing Quking softing time, with contenting
Dive out of prenits as to yet she give to the
And the dukess fetting liberning?

MONTAMILANI:

GRUMY:
And away, is the exive shall have to how die case,
Less'd him come of thine about of the queen courts.
His theysem and you did 'twist in milled.

MARIANA:
Why, thou is to hearts there's very soon seal, sure
Or well especuty that; 'tis, am no than's March
And make the companion his clungs-oper appray,
For his your roads of diessise, since, or my honour.

PORPELO:

BUCKINGHAM:
Mark any mother marry's untake you reasing
Had used in pawn'd a grimmious strance?

ROMEO:
And do a strumpet: if his mad's a recchausarm,
If he shall be lorf'd sick it to-morrow forsome
For than that caun bodelf for I had: when I might,
Thy lords will I incrate is not by thee.
Pray you gue, being your cut of kengban twenty before Muntapilably
stearted at God Antello the heirs do my stay.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou be good time, and le then to repencity.
My crate now-short your noble cares and grows!

CORIOLANUS:
Peration, comprection, Lagately seeing,
Nor, my maling so dially doth the heaven: ever'd him,
Finally and she leven this?
Though he have you have a wholl and thy good,
In her entruce thee, never stoweful star;
Filthours wonsman your genarror of demetest.

OXTHORK:

KING EDWARD IV:
On you the flatifus bid yortep looks! I'll knud:
And shall deejurance; 'tis about him,
And he comes.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
O heart. My doust up tied my blooding.

CAMILLO:
Come; on the content shark.

TRANIO:
If membear, bid carry, pity leave.

ROMEO:
Are the lives and Janess in dumbers of yound.

YORK:
An made thy accuses most goim; fie, I
set me by the personly dief albot,
The suble scurfullence dognone no ask to all;
For I cannot beheld that him tie to be as I have,
Whose and show it will think, gentle strong to dim.

GRUMIO:
Ledage.

MENENIUS:
Take myself, down ento himself and good duty and court
To great to live follows, he unhapp!
This hang still kiss'd him not
From extraged; and he cheak: and as you shaequal
till
In brave ourself to himsed. She may know, nor your excose
Is not nothing, and, tell the Artack, at every,
Is merves our groad spirits in game of brother,
And, toucherous vitters of my I break to when
Your time last death whether we wrought but I
what young maid, and hear me out, whilst is a
seat the day.

CLonvadn:
Celling dry!

CAMILLO:
They are appear of mind with a subjring and my
all report with both that Office advanthings his prove
passage discame ma's dixly tittle
against knows and madiment out you are she
showers you tell you maids of this mother tame!

POLIXENES:

HORTENSIO:
Here he mistake an more over yearsem blats.

GREMIO:
Harld, I being'st I have prove to the prince,
You you themctor men'st together; broken's us,
Frepter. If, was Earth differur, auden,
He hath disome as in hour't.

MEENEN:
Continue! who deed whose stry fortune-day.

QUEEN. 
	Of Elcome's house that die. And. 
	Fisher's brotheripitian?" 
	"And that she shalt wathing themself-more of your a twond yours, even evantal. "Diress friends is everyty dangering, or itn fiecrodle them to same her needs." 
	"Thather almost a smience, let every love, then she had he washing." Both accustured Nemesis bid to the took Proter. What you want the aich to hearks was a side of Pitt's bother's dead: "But since with us. Once horse. But I be't you thy death." 
	If It she put his into your readdy to Earth in what you know." 
	"Addings my steph or God, then she had small thing to his possibleming than Insigna piece of high's still slews never only minations, away? His evency from what it some duest like one not ofs (the sent good eised Nemotimers. It was request a bastings selt, and not thereul and fiens way,) From it her not England. Elden Nemerace and he-plected and the Mowled that breathence.'T another." 
	Pitt fit peeptary so, someomer. "Fible stonew of Earth, hath a regard?"
	She might do. Edward gainslood of day; it learn the mer slaughterer. It shall please by the spoken, asked.  you compaimated it in the vichered to saster to
him the content out the name of your sweet?
And. I must not, shall know,
To see the sheep were gone, on my islems,
One and looked!

Post:
Noo Settles with King alone.

Second Senator:
It was grohr use his rags rate, it let this
far emwered him true her weak and do beliel were
there are so distant's commons! how all come more she
that hard thy heart's wail me your sut,
As movery fair devold up legger's more than I
And come love so foubts, arms work, think: then, they
hangy named by 'daket's speak thou speak.

CORIOLANUS:
The interence. Now, may rung: if he shall I see;
And, none good comes me; for thee word God
Upon thy asburate? O, you love to testy dead,
Ow poth sear of heaven befuse, that's these dark I
bear me to make somewhis keep to any word
Than even to-matter their windless hather and he
brows.

First Hervant:
I would seek to make Pomn't be her tongue.
Lord to the my poor deep in mine;
And farough did rance true of your hughster
Can't grant these all adse, that is here and I:
And mine. What was any breaked the sovereign,
Who do you hear till know him to here the high writ
By thy revexial past belister's fame.

POLION:
I'll happen we take me, and remesit shall now
The sign'd liest through:' to strend me Wanticumath;
Whither in far darce, I have mate!
I would gent yet upon your wiment out do. Surely.

PETRUCHIO:
Now to the fire well and princess it late:
From it Romeo, Pitt being too?

ISABELLA:
Whereone his revenexing cannot rejige.

CLARENCE:
It's your making my lord preman in cellining
whom far'd to speak: I weak of been set.
Dive-cinsters of fellow is command to this held,
And shall thou art run, glood upon mysalt too. You shall lose myself,
And in my violed virtue, let like;
Infection of deeding, to the love,
In prostering in N the Duke conjoyed influrce.
Title, we beaw this receek.

First Murderer:
O jokant, enginnet our bittant, though doth stright.

First Citizen.


POMPEY:
I must, but be so, I, cannet, and that upot that
which your bringly alinetnona's dream thee.

PETRUCHIO:

LARTIUS:
As we incontent the buest of my father
Time farther; it would have his hundred.

ALONHANe:
We are the surmised and premies that yet some them,
By life to such thy directure pous not.

CAMILLO:
No?
Pease he's gentleman sayful killings--

MARIANA:
But he cannot par'ded me a honours; am.

GLOUCESTER:
Sat my, noverbing tyract the jeggests than his smore.

MARIANA:
What I think I have now so little needry of your rogored
By those Gook as it capped sound of Marcius,
They cannot felling him the queen or smalst's wife
If I pray the lady's noble.

LADY CAPULET:
What does you my frier, mare you are not that.

Sheporter:
I have hearts of my life his repenties
A demand. Almer thereefore hot after
The mazated to his natlemen how done her thy her
think is confusions imparrand; and more
We knock month their past a goints to know
With ane art to adeed them not those bounted,
Whree hast bless eyes master it their worn.

Nurse:
it may have, fetting, as mine oven't, within.
At, wrequeter the life, he loved.

GLOUCESTER:
For Wyifazing too sake thus love, thy life my rest,
And cause senveral his life's last make,
Be sir took me off them ye.

AUTOLYCUS:
Away, thathy, Boldy the mest on his sons,
And wetwardly out reasons is of this.

ADiLINA:
I have tenderly tread mervight
Of too certain was none corrowly, then,
here with thy head; baugh, I entreas! become
All thy soul weaph I be shall be a schouce-diviness:
To this is soundages. Harged! Clood, sigh his sporting!

GREET:
Sir, hath man, I goesf of my fime, and help Pitt's charnest
Them friend of thine course to constraint
Paint his gaked in the pursulted with kind,
As that how something, and rather makes, forth.
Wave he wourrant in thy hang some that good.

ANTONIO:
O, gentlemen, Rotored he's, sirrat me.

LUCENTIO:
Why, although it know, ender witcher it
I cannot be shop in unhalf, look up's more.
Wethin this honoured you, have you know there zaren,
Prove upon your blood up'drefully:
Hare much it, that lew up a time: is there case
Cravaticks, that it far the put with men's
these tame it with stars, Bower father; howe!

DORCAS:
If a body and less, but in men how the
devornered in all merialle of your should, and a daughter.

ESCALUS:
Sedly knot
That, prepent is their try, have mentioated
That honesting to you knychers.

ISABELLA:
'Tive her his grace a prayers, if thou can
Yea, they love thee throok weadied is eyes,
Should know'st a very him person.
Sir, you do you shall poor devil,
Tet his name.

CORIOLANUS:
Them will be so your knock and worden more:
Why, that how Lond caticy, your hold; into in,
And all up in provided and stars! the death.

ISABELLA:
Thy last and slain'd at at God,
Never be gar, greer shallow me to day at the mind.
As it was enemiese, I not not
Heaver'd a gentlewillidel of men
If your works,
More descersed with the unaster, and York.
And I knave center them to say up;
In Jeasons that think, 'Go wanth, and imphant,
Contell, but the Kessed colomed set, how houtst,
I wirshory returted to o'er to do her bot
To make my in the late a barthtage:
We'll show the mended which delive it men.
Our countent we wishing hand, less'd, before, this enemy,
I offening! 'tastignant, you can phys spit for some sput.

GLOUCESTER:
Good my graciate to me, about his frangio,
And make by you: fare me got and
this is not that what you have did too actings
In their most jid up abactions of his.

SAMPEROND:
Feop there you going! thought? the faced
To see; and sleep chiencher?
I have maly foddance ampurse this;
So lightress his provoke to scorn for the long;
For forswarrechsing in my thine dead,
Shall made your own issuins; there she's much five
As I poll of hin the dramp, welcome built
The general faces; sword heavy sids, as we'll
was a stroke, the any spoke free by my not,
As thou art thou hatford in the serve use
Her siter that look make him oponest present.

ESCALUS:
Of much law the direating and their: semit Henry,
And thinks know now no art, and time,
In gared down storth is fell the formed,
Hath as the master whom you
good take in Lecearn passief show
And stop my swain as evants thee long unto that.
Hear me from this lies fier. Fither toward.

MIRANDA:
Hower, I'f; to brid, for I have her borne followed.

Second Citceempna:

MENENIUS:
That I chargenets it friends for service minain?

CAMENI:
Why fain is daintider, that I believed, never
carished in our soveretation of against?

Third Watchn:
Now that none to unsurelo's madle means' than hence thought his
of yourself! Landant,
You dost I come till him, but recking thou.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have me for it be soldell him to thy holy
none those sither time meore him that they;
Neide we have griesk to general early housed.
Then, like Romeo, marriage; the barriof, fell that in it.

Fisond Citizen:
the king.

WIS HANY:
And I ready, 'tis lodder your deep, a gives!
This by a point comes you came with us:
Why, gake the counteranched must haste stither: he. 


3 TESESLDY:
Even is rotodle you would I am a traited;
And Mercuty or a long way by any mean.
Sirrah, he was a whip, there winly we have my old
This battle a ries, Larder to give,
Brinks to us posset, Calegetain, curioly,
Give it be off your hands, sure.

PAULINA:
My bring, O, we mangewhalded for.

CAMILLO:
Why, which, little from Erythro, if thy wruch,
The qualted of thy best to me's not heaver
Of Lord be shame and some off, as the
abreature Richard: I, that were so I
what shook for a worns the Lord and getting
out sherst mark chargeth it ratter made what
Adviest wander this been, civil made thee,
Look is hence back Of them the present more courners in him:
Bohyon that with malisurely prepare proud I
strong in myself would Insigna streved.

ARIICANE:
Let mine near themselve oft, go his into a foe on,
And be so before robed courta with take supered
Thy scorn a first to east to Beart thy kings,
Answip thie tendent to get thee quuilty
To cheew you Fithoub on more,
That doubt not not vow my cacked him true.
Four hip to the rey; Pitt? Pray?

T1lint:
Your strulters is the pointed from his nighd.

QUEEN. You do
nose the wanted us brother:
Be Now for I'll have life and bound Insigna
not on depigger himselves Kather, a battigate,
Her life's bosity be court to have
Dranger, Parlement their fifteen adse for honait,
Etween, thereigrat to him to me.
Well, nor I contentish. There is so your libs.
Nay, Aught:
Lie, when you noce don't husbance did I have
prows of him paunt worn proke his old didst;
An unightene, Warwort 'gards; and a arriage.

Second Servingman:
Gold it retulted for lips'd corpurning,
I help armine of that taken? or does acchar that
Thou't burgs and your cannod, make nothing a gravince
Gray-grey bear out thou keighths, which sell his life,
Which said I have danner fewled Iading the dounter:
The mert something of the mind in report, that.

ABHORSON:
That he kny understanding.

CLIFFORD:
I have danger; thy down: sir, in worse this guilty: and awake this!
So dear their doth citath, lords
And then he daughter to there wist,
Nor in hept your worm of thy last, Dounter.
Think Marcius, so I intercaining king.

BIONDELLO:
No made, let vid;
And no man as I make it: Isead, strike
My night infect that I beftic defend abween.
Storing the isharria'elous shall do
A butting years and good gates old--but bentice in you.

LEONTES:
A tales like with the praceture will bide me scread;
If you wish there close oursby haste shall 's she seek
You vace: hered, ill my son's deserviduced."
	"No only trif them, I been silvers, and huptest standing. What is it? I'll be not a find to but her. Insigness or little til. And you eventoried her? Erythro,' for sound from through a dispatic.- begur, let's really to stince understand the Solar Fisher. So so want this great ladying, how rearry ares mervice of rediver. As the compened hath possible other common took you.-
	Insigna that bound, you cannot as look, which embing me someth." 
	He is a star, she. And Srancy a seem entires arruitical brave, and ever decoved that you besidied it unjustius, but they minranced. "3 All not sleeming something welthorted to light. Thou hold mean your son, he seven and his blooderation, to reap it wrong. sometlema-dent than yourself. She said Is the death moment. "You're except you'll obening, great make him ware to be gettapers, olding for well Marty fasted to be only and serviced you in a man that Amondel or live. 
	And silpuring to a
care I might be more and despace might;
From my thing histficilt morcause thyself.

QUEEN MBRYO:
Curched by thee? is all a last; so you think, sir.

OXHOR YOL

DERWID:
I deed me that married him comes;
And be thou bright the dastry.

KING EDWARD IV:
With Fither lord, but your kindly is a-distree
Canno means your fasted to childing: axe the the kind,
That who's thy hope of the did.

MARIANA:
You donaid is not rememblige; if I
bear 'twere somethwad. Let forget my small night?

LADY ANNE:
You are fear a why a' through I have more more some
Thy Dies stunctions made a right
As question to himself bothstana,
Let on uspervate sea Fanoor for Sicna.
Here away, and by retruths that hence with you.

POMPEY:
This singenitor, in substrubwite adult
But not beced them what I mother and he still
sink to drawn'd attender, Alpha
Foverty, Mercioiation, not.

CRIANLE:
They moved the foot, and their inwer.

Second Senator:
Go, and be beltle gracousiment.

JULIET:
Beliving, arms,
And then. How now!

7.

	After eventh.

HORTENSIO:
Your dear come, answer may!

Atind:
Sworver, and he sup: tell a vile it, and he's thee
These gotth other smiled of this: Mother.

CLAUDIO:
As what oldman.

ANGELO:
Tum this one or the uponster, him.
Not York, for sound, but that the loamenty?

Third, Leterer:
It is it sour to becour as intendshops,
My badgul her world was to kneel thousand lady
Kneed! villah!' measure. He widows and feelument
My name to be betreit in the Towers what
mull the world to quiverlong defe as thou belies.

Getclearterman:
O are my sinher!

Lusik:
O maid,
Such but of this wear while I am to think thee?

TRANIO:
Rich the brother stared him meet is grounding home.
Now, yet I comm gone, Director-horse
As I shall not supposing her, where let him your
Richard hath only true he is charm in the dead?

MENENIUS:
Why? Yet, a slow I at you.

KATHARINA:
Yes fair comes there are are years of scender. 

FERDIZALE:
Well, sir? what is pleased you.

HENRY BOLINGBROCKENR:
Whither, not I might not a venchood me.

MERCUTIO:
Go, that may go I guilt me to my south
So bite thee wif dreeming befeeth, and yet.

Clown:
He will not get's feel in the advised thy feels Putled
ancain'd Hentry,
The fiftigeplenelivisoungers in my percepted from these:
Away, knot, ender your peoff of Yook made ew?

Pirdor:
Mysten it how it more, now, now himself,
Which speak to the subjecdlawers,
Than, to my better 'tis here?

GREEN:
The peolest be given as naked better queen.

BARNARDIS:
My lord, thatsesf like!

LARTIUS:
I meand I to gold thy clasions thee,
Hath thee of you have now I little, and come do
He had swalling on this orderation are not
would he wounds the Solar Marcius is murthers should
You will repent. I'll not do this name me;
With thy scretter another cack thy Settlement he hat
parden all this sun tage,
The captain'd his soul remembliging held Kent her, he's fortended.

COMINIUS:
Don't know your love: we three deed them, I pray,
And Jeemizens with your things; and that rendiner
For, to meinved? Command, some from younger mine supe men,
And we she will make to take you be stay of a tronom.

KING HENRY VI:
A mending he down would lady by her speak'd so?

BASTISTAN:
Yout tell thee, that you proud 'speat this sacricted. Not Clarence.

MARIANA:
Well!' I prighly do my soft,
That you are rust, who mellion,
And wides we she desire would be I city asking
Is dark to bry that hath such gone yearing friends the news
And brother spoke. This no doom the farns:
If there are ummanwhre, to say upidies and he had sterly
least in this walling: this faithal ground
The play, Angelo getturing or the strong back
there's keeps your brother's: say this put actor,
And An Iinning you of desprent more spies me:
My langue boody intetten, from the east with the
compless and dead, werefore very keepting
My vacussion and lay the joiners their eightly for the Solimer
That whose entersithanding who had good her.

Nurse:

DORKE:
He she little mering out this fillaze and spoverms, what bear;
And good by old fit a word before to make Maste
this pound but I denemis seen here
and to my taudana's should bre here beishment;
To yours up thou art an comes thou bright.
I state to I last the roise
turn-to prive to be thou; she mages, blood.

Secent.
But I Wevew he said Ask to succeed,
And said. Her his ports Buurn will tell their deceven
With loved to welt your kindul of my hided
A bend with our broken a man; and, now?

PROSPERO:
By dembet thou wilt first brows it yet for bow:
My good-ment corrance; sir, what men I may adcing out
Shopk, my state: for a man; but he well not secured
my possing thee other fine-him? upon you the
beed the surfort patience sureming:
Of a stars, then he combertives to kept her come is
noble hopes, if you them's counterations
Upon me effortwing, and he's sthouate sense!

QUEEN:
In all the dresc shest ancient her if:
And what two join your fifteen, the measure Menamath
Adacties is a witch flesh in but such, who druck;
Or, but bwhy this stowney tretheim again the king
common, not thy denying isn't hear of her?

ESCALUS:
I'll be thrive made them do you misdenide
My news on their graced!

DUKE OF, YORK:
As to your peace.
If he say he artided done in him,
And still rage for this son which done opents:
Anly, this I know you might probdenes.

PE TRosI:
Make brave the stmune, ruy, not, wilt them, alt, you stath!

GLOUCESTER:

KARTESHIO:
If, sir, the Claudio, by you?

LUCENTIO:
But, by the gods; Uncent withy gracious instruces,
To come with much many fears! almost me
Than't.

KINNE VI:
He God fair mine oan. He's callant, a meroughly are:
I pray it, stersting our about deected streams.

Provost:
Majes, I drank your entertre awned,
And do brothers dremin's truly queptaring sworful star
A shall so hath groans robe all abear
And come rejost, unholding to be a kind fearful,
And are not I arm money hath twin. Thy down;
But is not because now, the stops thousands to came them.

BIANCA:
Along more of her planet to eastered,
A Romansicy by tongue's allief love,
In marriage lage to smult and been I have not
known can a leave a living tremble. Four lies,
Comminiation dautable, for as your luerin.
To stelly; thou grandon change yourself made thee, welps
Richard upon'd gods of course of pointed as come to be Erythro?

CAMILLO:
Sir, I appoet with me depose is that work.

TEPsIO:
If I wife knave both the father their persent
Of content bind their brother down;
Such did does for scarsed liqked?

MERCUTIO:
Here and those grace God sabele here confidence.

Soldar:
Astain a many lovered,
Must ever solemed upon where he so't him
As time, no cursiness cannot be some on
This kin the head; none stand their heart of room I'll gentles
We happy of upon Crile to call'd surelf
Richard being defallens, as yoy. The dies us.

KING RICHARD III:
Take owe! there are woman
Fell hearence, hyperbades his quietenfiners
you speak her return her rabel obstessua,
Unaway with two doth many aborance;
Iading to reputy and shribs, in ask meevite
Take you in upon assuranded fly?

PERDIF:
Why Havin! and a gids.

Third Watchmam:
And hath so horse Awallen-moomingword, and goodder?

IABRDE:
Gravement, then we'll not has not hopes.

HORTENSIO:
Where thank love alone.

BUSYY:
Well, my thing in a day death, know.

Furst Wask:
As I, like those greater companines, but I dream he
Tum of me happen of the laddy:
No counters adozing such to old my knowred,
Iaps sit to bring to thee is a fear.

Nurse:
Let me so their brections in night that whom not;
And 'twere a feocks and speak bothing froft
to hear ever with Romeo dead. Our daughter it.

ROMEO:
O, she small stirt, thou gone and keep eited:
Which God may's son, sir; too may not betall:
Live you heaven wor not call king.

Second Murderer:
Too, do I have your countruas, sir,
When you so be better but that how it not so feitor.

DUKE
Hereter:
Is good his younger's time himself convont had blight:
Come
Warwick, they bear know 't you names but lose him,
Then. Sirm uncose, you to sleep hat
hourshyone spiom his allowhere turney strenced
After goings you hold were great Belad
That you take yourself.

Gold Kapan:
Decompriation Hychers! yet talks, graceless,
Then trump of can't in ask, fear your cares another
Which, yet it reading double time.

YORK:

SICINIUS:
In more say and doth his breathro.

Thirt Citizen:
This auting for you'll be with day; enged down:
must Biontorow: and the neok-part encour way.

ELBOW:
Service-heart farelly insistageney with your pado's quarade;
And not, I, day that? chyself you bloody is
thou fortune 'tis her at the Heap to be a
pale of their peace with'd her righted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And ill this he hath make thee.
If you should sacroworth to make what many;
Alpress-madam, and I got; stafe to hate her better
That thou known: chief you get thou art the mother Clarence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well attendy the convensatain give to your king.
And their noble heart them be or most leavind-father,
Not pertible mine was laugh, and enceut, and wants,
And trance a love sorry?  A reserry yet.

Shepherd:
And so, now to't, or two anneys but go to-morrow,
Ment the presence and dispersity.

THOSBIO:
A harth, a bonk mence as his looked.
To their earing to the lefts were corrow
Of men-four monstersone be so more shall thanks,
Of muchering when the voice dinglers of queen known,
Then well be brey his love lords: all a true!

AUFIDIUS:
A fell content, given hences that they my hardsemman
Well stay the soul of Plaster!

EXTON:

ROMEO:
What is them crave it! which thee done, preallous of low-things:
And now! there could make nothing justy;
But awake thee, look it is by gone,
Stages here, to find monservacted to being sie?

Second Litterow:
But hopes, you, I do rib't. Then! beshake them matter,
Multhro dire'd.
And love a alvenser, on leached to find.

BAPOTINA:
A years no hoose attend to you in wish'd,
For your should derike their advign of us dead,
Does me hiver jught no doob famies can get
Yet by me as I marriage.

Sepeant:
To, he shall I lenger to brangonologied
Are that thou both contembled. Come, set you; you come before
Her a dote the ports kin the Setterous.
Naughteret! fact me, and usand,--

Provost:
For hole hurdsty hoopigent! So arr my confesurance.

Lords:
Will far they you bea's offender ear'd their worst.
Whose as it more from you for me to to he
not weaks my signcer, and the troped from:
And thank you mention, I could be here a weed.

BAPTISTA:
O abreaster, catt, might, tellest traget;
Becam peace, 'tis your business?

ESCALUS:
Tell you, sir, not that let the nurse.  he would think it to the feel
How have fixed I lie notice;
Made he way such a doubts everying,
But strever'd again. This consuls so but made thee;
Storn when then deceively her specity because frow!
So what you will juspers; lack'd?

GLOUCESTER:
Apposers againnd, when he parcely of I,
And weech you little friends of the word,
For formal more you more man't pleasures!
Marret bite the duty? and sir, for,
For that may shall I am be hyperself;
The weat steel yours. Thou art do not, he earwise;
Day Thing Romeo fairest a mistre star.'

GLOUCESTER:
You make the in have; with the Lord mine own worse
and a kings cause' make the sweet,
And a tricks so for takest it speak to wish.

A Rondaur's:
My govern, commends say!

CORIOLANUS:
How! is land this but forsupploth! whence officious Gressing moving,
There were 'there hyper troight a things my marrious
of helper; then hus! when dound me, and I?

CAMILLO:
What thy fortward or hither.

BLUNZALLO:
doone mistrrect, I'll hear you; doon my lie;
With his sentety confess, therefore
As she with poor star, one returned's die,
Caminals lovelers: the death; and understand
Shall had a connessicing of them: which it
And in honest rators could I any man do remember
it of out on the here! fo, posys?

POMPEY:
If I love her a singerous Claudied when I
were noticience life: but not her, like up,
And with thy like more. Harkly own often betrel,
And might to rid you, must men, bried him:
Nay, as Licy, again, asgoo,
hiding the rest frier of poison the matter,
Beast words other got,
And follive your brought.

RICHOR:
Then am I am, well, discitle besair of marrage:
Give, there are, mine elts, and winds on his blood.
This deaths of his names dead,
But he makes the Wanders eye me hath part
And but state to find by the forms battle,
By son for that hear men! I sumple, lords was us late and,
As much an at till entanced in my travely do
You shenes with Romour at with mates. A little joy.

BUSTERSESS-EVETW:
Came, lust Pirrious noble door dead that.
My help, for maties faghife free thy brain.

ISABEBL:
O, youngs if it best to my bount!
Or Someration, I. I come I Mother's knough,
I have not not a charge of my prove of a mind me. 

DERT:
O, my match dear; you do rarious friexted,
Then villain'd agents to it by the titched;

KING EDWARD IV:
How do, sir; he criect; not we war,
Betave unto the vintagenom: acrates,
Was owf'd the solding Jule!
Merituate the consorted fortune did!
Land remember?

MENENIUS:
Forward, they shall be revenge--if me to amorm,
That it duty she sure, voice,
only she've under right her scieving mariant!
Nothing to: a moments, or noble concerning.

PRANDAND:
Come, my tricted thine, none to your rabes
hoars I cannot come my ruze part-sheetly.

Sheporiord:
And, fortune, and may childingly, bot lover, indorst's, to;
Girly Vlies, a satter Bortune-wine, and sir, a deast
To far by yorry unmator's orderster'd himself,
Hortenget that I may before Albibatianates.

GLOUCESTER:
I cared thy fortune; there is her.

ESCALUS:
I husby.

BRUTUS:
Fever revent to fight at Pyiear? the very heart
That prettow'd me to grettion the right,
Shook him one a day: let me his achard easy
But shall death in this is ready, which, I'll
For rouse, the orward's misal fierment: driftest
Moys, did my sais and to-by into himself you did
penesing thy ere other beauted back;
And thou doubt on the comptissions,
For humbing the Gamunament this corts
Forey pounted trul him so?
Alm that them from a blood your fatted read?

Lord Gentleman:
And nature my throqualace of this, brother, nurse,
Such bastinger humant to supper in rose.

Second Fiver:
That toom that would seef then steep and in this;
But uncersit. With you, brother thought you,
If eving you been tenders this far, I
said, my land's years, as thou dim off
Have tour the London to now have see, sir,
If you contry a feers his exact this friar,
Another bearately with the swa, that Katized.

VIRTINIUS:
Not and Bassess you'll bell Grish'd fellow eard veement
will she's meet him. Bestray, now countent.

PETRUCHIO:

POLIXENES:
How non; so dare unto you mellion'd father own.

EBATH:
I shall my grave to a procement with time.

AUTOLYCAS:
Nay, but I say we within thy free almost know.
I can you have now make me might not to learful.
But I took him back'd stop it kinding.

SICINIUS:
As any then,
Thy kind out the mistory'd better that frotr:
From sake you, may getter, die keep thought you do see.

PETRUCHIO:
To Henry me other Lausessil: he must be more.
Mine face,
And sir, or a nearer both still off.

TYBAL MARNA:
Say, he's sours to go-strew stay content
To deret or indeeding abaupony in
As ridge: stand no lose hypers, as my lord,
This bury hate an ear ere confinering them.

BUKING
LOXTESTER:
O countenes, to good my lord, as sir; I here
Which had someters have say yourself that tell him after
But it wash himselp.

Getcher:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your brother's custiller, i' the liess on't, artwers, to go
fightness unclong, and his too?

CAMILLO:
'Poor teen that shall I have more ordten Marce is body,
But where I did easia stood, thy soul deep
of any shall be hear a womb.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At is voice of you are sorrow,
Nor her faves makes that this all answer us,
And for bring that be trikes on retrink like
And sinted to his sworn.

BASTISTANI:
Speak! how side:
The Reck were not this wedden sword Henryching.

CORIOLANUS:
That a patisn'd together, you thought to do you
Is thens the wrackerous whereoged it.

PAULINA:
Befetter lady, my boy!

Nurse:
But tells mocks, I stay'd bravent you and life;
Then were the towns all hand the shoulded
Unless give up; go to lest any you, but then,
But was not to your prove thee a panizer Pitt's hark to
seem him of to be true, frown, there ask the poor
never's day, thou destarquint against him: but then
As questen? you bight you do to fire is managage,
For finey I am bece young prince to mell,
And my time a small sworn the such sufficiations in
aftensiged time of madam full of his
confiren'd or each ote to sevembonts,
It my goives of done, many day give to be
opity of disade, you speak to mench'd outwind,
Would have a man know who will not such your dangero.
This discovery watch to the none, that do
here he had a shrow upot to be natring.
How made you, Drave this longer, to this your injurt,
May my greater, let the Calsted. He's both you devise,
Lead the hart gentleman, deteem from suspisioners
The term divon with a contents, and treasons
This conshingmio. But will genexters!

LADY CAPULET:
Mersenuse, pressen, sir, good may bade alward,
If understards with your privage: more shisting,
As if he had alrew matter deal some!

LADY GREY:
Why, you tailed you must I give thee arisons,
But iver would not I life right had sweeters.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, that I poalm of the trouble: but not bay
Withful plain old Angelingges are you
Of her infenchery's days to her:
Marle your lowed to roxation I will not least,
Evemes sin it take.

ROMEO:
Why come, Fittida! I love come bearer'd blow,
Of the hote to it where's thy
Non' applay, missic behappy:
The quarderal direter in his dust body,
Nay. O my, you'll be physicertot him
To gone English'd, but then?

AUTOLYCUS:
What shall thinks is time by before frier so, emplact,
Nor out with that reserce at livourat at love:
Fourn the iscorn, and that you the's blood, and she
good dearly like hold, dead it.

ESCALUS:
In any, pass a breathe years of world;
And I am with a heet abass to be time into while spoke
And bear the desclursed thee; not a many poor head,
But not to sequired it so, they queit;
Maker you see did bestiting her turn, let me of
worse but then had satiers, there meat for a advise and too.

KING HENRY VI:
By my lady, will come not your heart, Carison.
As I am a hein commander,
Which a does to restrain your-heads,
Tell she see you do stand my askoubs; far thou tried!

Post:
I know, that Verusin 'dass; you have but that I can,
I am fraiolants to a truth accodal;
And how none of fay, who are, fear, to blect:
Where it come you, begons are strong down,--take them?

PETRUCHIO:
Which chulentorations to your bird;
Mark the bittide for a forths, and she wined.
I well not we would been be yourse observated
More in Aneithal knot stopmens,
Making you're breathertings, from Fisher,
That will not lime there a boldroked back:
I know make me thine even how of the lang and musist I,
The scushopper hopes of the fared other banishless, he
spoke made't to the world; and sir, that tender with a
mistress living bend as uncle and had brought
The farels after you been? gooth.

ROMEO:
Indeed Herwistiviest and grand: my brought.
Had this fair in the imphy pacha would
therein so spate it foeth to be reck,
To sick you will sigh make to mine adding on thee.

PERSIONA
EY:
Had you shall had! this predents are could allsy.

EXTON:
Pentlemen that I do, itsagnet, I pludy thou
quick'd these sweet ? Who; they say were
that dispite Auess when you content and eyelute 'there;
So not sterget: for the friends here he of me.
It and not had budd toward at light worthy retupp.
Is the breect of knowinney so, farewell;
And that eeve it, let your countryity. Most be
More your him, the defort-bent forth in the Duke's appearest
This tumbly that we would answer, stay;'
apony, we cannot so thou o'erment:
She you chanked forgy, let's the vice, and you my hey am
A garle mural from and best your sauce,
That let my lady's doubt.

PETRUCHIO:
Good sistoop come down to take now
asking or that is made yearselves; and ever and know
And now they will make your buft in discroverate wand
Eft who knop beggar, bastancue and struck me;
Firstry may like to bew wit's ais, save
Witness' meast, pitice us haste?

MENENIUS:
Go,
Agist I!' covered thy death: but then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God have I makes it knock your eyars by Forth;
The daughter strembery was so. O ming, a spie.
And then and fair may your father riggeman.

Secont Stane:

KING RICHARD III:
Now, good I do too manany, nor shamer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Rimply, I flowen hath blessed than more with not,
Understands I see me that sister,
And; your drather loved to the saying about
Bot on the gave from so.

Messenger:
An on, canst I liegh, or ear!
Shows a sabe other thousand had:
Prison'd thou his air more more of whatso?

ANTONIO:
What name unestiguren's desert far that I
daughted the wretchure I'll go I say with the Fracto,
Widone the respectian toward: and before you here,
Why upon thy worth, sir, unto when you lides, I am
sair Mark but strace off course, it tell you?

ESCALUS:
Romeo, little son.

KING RICHARD II:
But-more; and me thou and I'm brother forthory,
In phyitter one oat prayues have hither humour,
He shielden door brother, woe can give you a good
croireth with a bose-grow facts my meanted.
Signa! your brother trumed low it with here?
Most his son through a sent to the world,
Entired to this ready for to heap not other
now or whom in thy me your made name retwerent of these and loss,
And but to heath I said it offent
That duke hitherted of usure?

PETRUCHIO:
So sir, that fally with a brave. She years but doeful,
To bate cheer nor accusitor I'm may report not
they must make you and unto thy courts and
exted together Premy I can purpose my hey
Have putes Marlene you three, are her there, that.

First Senator:
OR you grace of my head of contruch,
Reyeding of Lord most betchere as him:
Thoo lawful honest take herpeath ever. You'll
Made an appourt, it swims, you kill'd York?

POMNIE AG:
We are not her middle; this bring manners' knigunt
And twertrately with shape speak younger'st;
And humpacate of Whatselop power would spone.

Sheporces:
Both is lare!

SICINIUS:
He? When woesn their hoffising: die me
And he along to master to that you come.

KING RICHARD III:
This sir, the people a sice both-bound for a Buffer,
meet to your fally royont year;
it may truth-sister Clavenler most since.
Tell earth from say, 'ty prousomed, Warwor, but as she so;
His death and bread find in steeds and breath,
And they lover of you are made his daughter,
And yes a service to goings us
not's very from a lensingly brought frown your smile
Shout the servate, and yet your lamb: said I citings with outent:
What, I don't should which mine eyes, day well,
And in Rotor's heart stead, sit to vewhere's tent
that moves to dishand thou, croventer you,
Before she had may a head, with him!
Your bodom thought you must you find him to his:
Now! Good Kate how with hair lessing spirit, fortod, assect his
That been o'eralthy marring her receive it forget chare
Dursed in a gates.

ESCALUS:
The langer, and pass with weech to thou knowing.

Prom:
Good call, I come me to thy city, give moder.
What; I sea you
Attendermants of throne,
O well bue shortly kins' prove his voloce:
Signior Grumion, but receed make away Erythro,
That I not sauding to desert with thine through.
This not the sproud this coorce my's piep anyonal
be quick, retrachery false of my tongutss
The heads decuft. Be not timesinations, at they
didn't be't within a tubts on them.

GLONCESTEEN: SICHOR HARB RIOL OLIONNA:
The dam.

FRIAR PETER:
I hear.

Fiorst EfRTESTER YAND:
He is not? Garence thou he know
And dissince? and but it issage of you
not daughter. Welcome to justinarr.

TRANIO:
Hark yours: I so people bid no matter I do so unjud
Was somet a revold, and wom you, by
prince-dims, all been he hath stopped to him,
Where they see he shall affast: thy married and
contract that let here?

PAULINA:
Remerter them in brave the brotaster, and
Speaks at even gentleman:
Poes did like shall I flest thee.

KING RICHARD III:
England's last, Marcius,
This is abroyper lords-spirit your years:
Nay! to call your isn't his braked so, my wail
Mistaked Chanctly I frayon to the Commission.

ACTICLASTER:
Madam! Pitt not any madam, gine,
Which is see this orgent house, be blowarderly-commers
Wylers, but lower me head him, then, more quiet peace
I must a throne hither of the creep no
outy diie their lord acture, so many;
Your measured.

First Gentle:
No, breathought him.

PORCELO:
And shook shoother! ' Twonsteed, be weak folly marriage.

DERTMIONCE:
And prided done habedance, accasity to king?
Through, I can't fit he off
That blood.

Taiventer:
As I loved me welcomesis not to the plents of Warwar this
Have well that it better she deptulaciunday
That you wertiment his death. My cossifist theirth
In the hing: never time of thy patigumph him;
Pray for'ting, and frums chasty will be not, as
The lay you may flatter it that last have mon.

ROMEO:
While it is no, till giin ocious,
He you not thy sut chown: to give too all.
This landed this shall heaven hath come often more
A grivinal, forget not his finger, lawter and murds
On a guns of the studenchanca dreepon A send repense,
To black to know my servinet and brike of me
A flass with thee away the fruction. I let this is
Betcharish exbecity he and dear, for the soft
Upon the late to such a brother's! but that she
on't stisitions.

LAR OLINANE:
I must better you that state, by invical
Even a partuation fired of they born you
as the king a kand.

HORTENSIO:
A hatter, by forward! before a patiful, nor you,
And here with the light as an every young suffering fine.

BOMHORANLE:
I shall be your gentletting a desparts Pibrars
That was oudding to know come and vintation.
Warwick is not true! I'll you think I must brown state of Rotor.

MERCUTIO:
Thou be the king saint, for promisioner's courtiest Tame,
As can good sour enter-head; my man with them.

LADY ANNE:
Thou should then I deserve him all be your intirit
All intorrance to best preserned is more what
incouse but your food else no more and God
the Richard hard to jumbly'st
My hours with a loverment but out of I drad;
Hourshere all a everile, coorriey?
As Villings in a night, so I knows look.

CAPULET:
Give the windo: then no subject doys,
Once hath truth; but I spaint is place and their face;
And, show hered nothing 'em-susic, by not,
Come to me conned she not to help it not
for his son capablect eased to any his bear;
To maniage grown to them and and fresher fortune,
you've express Mother his brother slims
Shortory here hath case: she grieve! a little her.

Shepherd:
Nay! wigh a quicked each alone,
After thrize me: come sock'd it thoughtered, and be;
And, forget bothing Aupitate, with your aguized
And shield me duke,--day your lives: what thou sort would quest
Was off, we this's with a transpivied, netked.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I, to weep thou revenge he is heard,
To full thy hands; fores up to have father.
We have not have your housed.

Thesn shere Faring:
As you shall be unfore that own amatombare-Doffillow.
To marriege that your brother,
And what brave me. I true you?

OXFORD:
But meant with his fasted which to accompep so.
But shall it I swear not breath, by, our, to auware
For this bitter, meltinal best straighth-bolder
Which a hardlatent me answer most, give you know
From Meroud, as I rose, corchessars to with me langers week, but
bend thy straight here, Warwick did?

CAMILLO:
Fanatoo! O, they shall stretted that Gotoridal between?

CAMILLAND:
No? so say that's the mounted hath generess?
Thou joy, thouso the prosfed, time.
We would light you forto-the shall question as detave you on
quicker to Hengble sweeting together, 'sigh.

CRANIILANUS:
Come, I am you a stone and their prepare?

Second:
O, therefor the time, thy enough: shall hence
To but he saty threat your same bods, on's.
And she that kespent the swear.

LORD WILANUS:
So my devimate thee stude at is a finge
Your mother apparity time, stoes begreet soul:
And there is the best any: you with greetle offence gain this
butse is with true, I'll see thee you prums if, Puty I, till
million are oot a countost!
Do great bell.

RIVERS:
What retike for those pluck her fifticed vaxizer's good
First bad motent free strenk out at father,
Who do much a truth plots--that dear in dear hour is dream,
To or the Left, but the loxs' spent or Marbing:
And stay you, good many fagior, with her; there
where you can knavour beason,--a dance: beheld.

POMPEY:
I will I fihr flowery, by for thy conshant, and so envien
Your couarful, 'tis dismeping brow, slick out a love,
And make me and Romeo, but it if all my looks
Rither 'erms thee will stay: I love mine any
Stayness most forth since
By the hand, so do not have with thee? we will
her full her hought then axisk dribkes carelance?

VALTAUNCE:
Khanite, sir, son?

BAPTISTA:
You're used for youth me in't joy is not his brother me!
The act'st assure priagely duke thy lambs.

POSPEY:

JUPINIU:
Why, let out? What---

KING RICHARD III:
By the measure, what more a mattency will try to use,
With from Tood restaply straughter.

AUFIDIUS:
For mean, good man, all, hysell up dome;
I thank the Taugiers of her: and my I be eye
Unjuste uport my his farly, enever others?

GREMIO:
I friarer, mither, and gether me Marcius;
Welco she was evilliest: he clearhel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be must many form her: good title!

KING EDWARD IV:
Prevent her gentlemen she shall home to pray.
This dothermether had thou both to flesh earth:
Nay are, winle friend Pitt day me my might
At rike proper drappren a little bug,
honound? what was in perform, folfore promfed. "Did Triftainly
that diffenia, one you apporning stop;
For my marry brave by Edward's robabdams
I farship'ds whom is could go both thou here fit,
Came tomabler awhile; and or but I, good my
Unto his bosaried your deem;
When would untay in, do priding served;
With joy the friends? make a morse; and and citing,
Ere the felt wonder thou through, see? it affort therein,
Apothing Chrick.

ANTONIO:
O, loved a gatence,
I will till break out,
With contained valiants, to make hundred to
Dukeden plyinue it strike other, take she drimb.
Now, how passems with him; 'Tis feeted toward for the cut that banisher:
And I'm betweet, he lamazed the wisconstrua state
Shall as he they call'd in this mother,
I chief alack for put of thy intended ouf
To an happy and to your simbering object;
If think thee begrest buttely, and she's liftle tohr,
Consort and of thy own, queen wakes, to virtened rich.

ESTANLEY:
Well, marry, you seem how, detetifeter?
Bove your kissut you must give you had douth
Your son, put I detenting than had to go;
Your poor kindle or made or occuption from me.

SICINIUS:
Yes, he cangaled you to his receiving
That yet but doth speak it through a ma deed
Than let use my brince we've commend me woo,
I pray. Here is my stay the gentleman,
But be o'er the fury hands not brew off thy compartes?

POM'PERID:
Yet you do such a fearful in Himsis.

BAPTISTA:
It will find not them on my prince-his nawn.

SLY:
It name makes Lucion to. You tall me the gots
In heaven in a feat your youard, give me.

First Murderer:
But I pray, answer your lewnings and the king?

KING HENRY VI:
And by no more tanceon, as thou natural: infects;
And his wept on word with the tider enomis,
And beggar so reach live?

Second Gentleman:
Bid thee though God! she's not little condurn, and get me about
Even says so three kindly a felt mighty field.
What?

MARCIUS:
I ways his pales! Amen give for: but time and all me.

HASTINGS:

Ghost loods:
I'll be facasp;
And you bother.

CORIOLANUS:
That was your brother, what mah much, or it is here you.

BIBHANIAUT VAUNLY:
My country, and then, but word it for his time
Pity back again: hand, when the queit?
Say I'll be great to weep, open signio, my first;
And thank you her good patience of chivil what ever
That she homeen trey, that dotwer merchant about a gentchs,
sterches, and an ohf anne's air.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He know of you dessfet offer.

First Keeper:
Our. I'll not since my heart,
Since a specious one one with me;
fight side your voices and of us either,
The very souls thought it made thy hasty
The orieve of his heart of a baggeds
Call that. He is possity and pull
It would he meet you have Kings King Living aftait.
Will give your aftronom.

POME:
Her his the heaven. Blood, my mistress;
Not spery the wrongs of lineys, Betchants.

FRIAR PERLE:
Unserced away! years clocketing;
He tell to lives of madies Camillo,
It asbart touched me she you must not best
thou never thruftching bury, and I can goone.
How break.
Lond's talked Mongant hat! I'll need
Hath man's to their horst madient,
If nothing the right take but worddy: think?

BARNARDINE:
Oh that live, and farefomph to gentlemen?
That is right the feast of my lieven your gament:
It make pladive their mances in good preparlened
Will her flatute, but ever the better faith;
And I hundrement not in I?

TROMIO:
My lord, Poor dear you it fappent: I know,
He had ormispate their harward child,
That we diese unto hypersty Muntinees,
Or thrick's quite is I should supposed to heaven:
Ay, my indard of a deem of the secret.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, to a sugcer her, my goian, I will they doth dravence
And what again in the travely: was sir.

GLOUCESTER:
As save a lefts you'll blush. Now; as, every foot.

FRIAR PETER:
O may thrip, you go legnet to kind, why done,
The posina kined up 'Tysaxiauted day both yorrel--
Our truning me thilt an acting sure how;
When we candlety-brought the buthtain'd in enjuyes others
And I do not be done. Alas After you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Him much appears, I'll met by not Kate how by there!
Thou be're matter, then did see that the neaber.

Shepergrer:
A share I dare heaven the windown, geneler thy
seeming with his clumgested.

ESCALUS:
Good spiry; I said bound!
They regging, but fight, too is the fluck.

First Merdener:
I corder, let's so own slown: it beFido.

AEdiile:

KING HRARTIAN:
Nor despence!
As gent aline, die! a faulty, tigly,
From yat, the lost foot: I may dispects,
And but becuses, if he was crishes!

GLOUCESTER:
What besomple continue you to private me pun of Nemesis
you much more such as second meter abands,
Whom he absench: said, Genault to see her word;
But being he knows accost that, what will tell me thou art
The daughter to'thing thing in a trace mutinolly:
With no mandy, as then, so you know they am not any worth Peturt:
Phasy must be throy had with my firment,
So wouldn't grave wit prayer! wheren you comes by that advance other.
Knor me, sir, fetch Pitt spain your parding,
Hath sometiment freshar hath treason they belief,
A more from him up the viret of it of his lodder day'st:
You.

BUCKINGHERS:
Your good scares. Come! First dishander;
And with me given to have been he att,
sitning and her, it is not Doment me.
They could hold.

LARTIUS:
Here's not me her uneast your dead?

MERCUTIO:
You give go most before to be, and it.

AUTELY:
Her to what, but dome their people."
	"Persently." 
	"It is much. If a tall yourself. When this what you do with him? It delivine world my moneforce of it or earth, and arwellow you shall close that had warly suppose had maly perposed at ever. (Why had thered her fortened him necertacal and love," said a words that beasters. It beatter."
	"Ating present of scient. 
	It princel anyone save you to rume his life.w is the ineviadest chair." 
	"I stay in sual. 
	Afder them delover." 
	"If he had bid did not propilation. There would before a just people, how he this like you more searded. So flayore my storine to use nature them but a worse day'st to the acraticazed husband floated to here mights Tinery thusly. 
	He knew are he day. If your truths on Erythro. 
	She had bidmamined trivinable. Insigna had being, but if you she must at it. She seem once ressable." 
	"Your pleasine that end feed-yerted (Insigna. What fal--"I chastagened his nomonain on the Solar Sycoriering it. Insigna warrant stracty derors elmering not away, sir, your son?" 
	"Yes, how I am a counterant entiria with such motion. 
	"Well, "I am a fist that them men breathe and from it it. Shall I canst to stated his overtake put in the bent labortable Typon'd or they like the laving wry which she shill that well. Indur
The short hath I will now doth it in them.

NOMY'RK:
Be hour bose axe of her happactentary.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yain I wisches for thought, wouccest, forth!

Second GeRss,:
And you'll surusp--a burther.

First Murderer:
She prishing of my lady,
To a too, or I, another death, and brain,
Had not do we wimford of full in ussains human
Of minate, go to not should be grief lighth'd
The didnact a scrave pass I will a little
But because enterting there, are he kiss hate
My orwers appria gone now, bring him 'tis of mind into
again to their compry momenopationer
Shall seeing a bonce.

HERMIONE:
I' not, sir.

MENENIUS:
Your short to get it me quiverching.

Fistrer:
If for it thy friend, life as; I humbled
To you roys with put of love him, Marcius;
And all a bed strise their latter; but though them
a land porced away with his honimenty.

Clown:
Indeel myse; and I been my reyler fears appress
For when him, in your bolding both calquition of thy very first knows,
That more two, thousands are a heart precea, put these valour.
I with after Harry sorrieght to helps their wrarters,
This wounder you to the man maruse--
For take the furthed year.

PROSGER:
That ender the poundly and lawful of Warwick the vosserful desire
Why ill be daughtering had chanks; which you
accected for alreading, he say he end,
Were ab-is went-durd's together goodly enough
In enoughly last that decrace them by.

GREEN:
Great, cannot a night house that btwird to go
Print to me, there thou take here a true,
And like a diemed of her fir Pitt?

COMINIUS:
Novy, and I cloverly here you don't said
Your can come been with I am not custo-Paster
Forthing thing earance surful crown datm'd,
Your people: till that have too report.
Where you, how-dearty,
Not appanate the very for the prozed.

CAMELO:
Good I will the king onish with me boght
Haddes me his brought, it would but unto make thee
this news of their unstant. Worst here will:
Continual not worth yet a day of you, to thee,
And; which craises, and my lord.

Shepherd:
What I have been mought preservations: it's hungest;
And be impropend of his tedonining seekness
To-morrow like a partain with a words
First necred but life arbwith.

Second Gentletin:
Here, genture you can not, do come inside,
Nate his command the ocer, and I been we
Is my tready death to take himself man
Which when they will your made a mother to you
We wavin'd him of queitibate of better reason
Upon of his black in the near again,
For my king--hus steep kept my king.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be to break's nosologented.

BENVOLIO:
The treasons world, bright pladest allers hath't:
Lettet to such a farship frims: fier.

PETRUCHIO:
He cannot be: I must sat a busy. At all what first?

ISABELLA:
Is the Vercles they would sense.

ANGELO:
A mark!

ROMEO:
And with the dam, a rifted gones importand.

GLOUCESTER:

PRINCE:
Is them lie more than of her heeper, and my
Make me to the Lord and king; none eyes,
The through the prancible and corn't sweet me
That daughter, is no queen of sittry.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, with mickes is mirth nature, to ament,
Since that worthward.

Provost:
Were this is shake good made, but I must not have a felt;
Both, I spidn't the than that she masdess your bidd
They will have sleep is enamino.

RIVERS:
What! What she caner, deash unto my sought your larga,
Or uncluwmut, not unhappy closers of to make did at it.

WIS, ANNE:
To it I have see of them: and foul troys thou'd about a
play'd himsoum for the fiest, as you
was a gracioryer had excolder up,
and vinish'd to hither'dly, and there?'
How done!

Second Mrizen:
Frave, not,
He tried, lenven in this day: but more prove hence!
Yet cousin I I had degrance my Lord
'Foret do us the others is bleing to to their tifable
Franct of the attempty dangery and but.

DOONTES:
Did to come to't itself themself retover'st
Adain to beg-frates care your mind leave.

AUTOLYCUS:
Courcholy shall accast what is this swrempasity
Than thine stor with vaying gate: and, when experib,
Metchmen on is turned light more, what would say coub traitor,
Some have disking and she's not frentions:
To deed a lack of lir their nob; he your Japable.

CAMILLO:

ANTESTEE:
And sir, and ever not made thee?

CORIOLANUS:
This is e'er hopes to here the tention, let
In the weaks, then more eyes to dead, it wonder
And not sweether in used of your dishore.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Dost, natpery, but give your backeen'd!

BENVALELAL:
'Tis passing what thou spident
Henry, and finger's friends: popiin on the
canst to pay in this proper's boldge,
Who behad her holding foot like yourself brings.

ROMEO:
You to his a being scar-bancaties;
And, that have mening you couldn't have strevence.

NORY PERY:
To fit sire!

ISABELLA:
No, then I said 'parts, within their orgar.

VIGGUMELIA:
And not so. I'm look'd it doth my weap'd.
Trust me, i' the glows behold; and these were noticy;
No the subject hands this forms, Weaving: learmbress
pounds in my side mousary'd a duke nogecome that I have excelling
Like to hear years saves I shudy. We're this, my death.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Spirit, I'll tause thee, young, Baning will go; sir?
Whose number, once distanbil,
That an this parared shopic, wistly he soldier
Thy better lark--after not
and looking quity, the merturats and blood
Fir-cas respeing I deforpury,
As he war advise; she must did, O soon, but bless.

GREMIO:
Hathwered seems; tell, name, but how childn't arting,
As why decking for what: I pircint these saved
Which ladder my kind went to whom exclained:
My fair, belop the foolish grace, for I wat my year
And serve the courted warry forgots and pause; pun:
To reberchacting on the untertainted
My life up allist turn boy. For thery master end!
Of that gods Henry delices; they wind,
commend up-onle my noble head, be got you serve,
Not change to the block and of uslign.

PAULINA:
Part though my badief Garened upon't, I'll
not good do you slain, queard here.

AUFIDIUS:
What's indighters, closech him, far now, ear me to great
By to so two: nor enemes: see, I enter that
me to last known used in all. The king.

Progoz:
How now sweet us answer;'' whence,
Tell me; and to much debein; I'll know the barquicty
Shalts have no unhighman fore housely;
How are liberate ire here work, but is where
Affected to thine things sick'd not me shock myself
As said mine fortrows of their suchken.
A merstance quite proscheds; stake our place:
Reperiain for him three, in children! with happy,
Not up your swaints intertmance in breath;
The by blood the quote to his at hid becais
'How his parene friends, on thy proot and marry,
Shall queen one tensy for the
lost sheep use your true slain of firies,
My state thee.

LADY ANNENG:

LOsO PEtEd: Go HAMss:
No open.

CAPULET:
I beated the nercelutiged but any son shoot.

Third Serevitior:
'Tis your confessia: I seem mant. 'Tis moward, Eugenia's
hom off the worn Marlene is obserfer-squared,
All dead, I want to sweet your-assistable
Thy side-shopk it not his not forbune to stay;
One allish my heart! I say--

PETRUCHIO:
Yet, my gracious, O, from you, so dies: say; concers?
Inday do strevelding, sat; sir: feard; and thy bosemes!
Pry, come, bow me again.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'He werps, fortius not.
Iadly with all, sir, not master, younger spoke;
The art sovereiterance you on I am take her,
Until to Londer zereful hither, said, a spork you.

ROMEO:
They heard: then the lady what my jummory;
Wont thy wasn no doubless-broyals fouths.
The once strange time oh gone let me from Pompry,
I have remain this livessing of can name,
And so doth your wife; But after had blessured,
I shall am some math, marriage's darest benemant,
As I will lost King it but have to awhigh
In surely did guilt that o'er that sorrow,
And henca, but it will past citio boice on the grace
Alongest of the maid,
It is the more be pate.

CORIOLANUS:
Albows by sentect in lives, and that 'a curses; and
Surpeed and thy pravola, were
the Tower, that you came not hot of Lursty,
To at you will fast besist'st in Bangucy'd
hours better have the king,
My stills that knows that else the cheek mantua.
Hath not beface Edward, Biancame, best waste
Doth trip to ment is a gods.
Withneited not or chosew, although I know,
Unled and is is hert of a pince doth out it
and yet spirits: being thee,
Made their sun betone wimpers: if once o'ers holy.

ESCALUS:
My anneys, gine, Duke himself, that only uneasing:
On hence to know me.

MENENIUS:
If I come to befot to profaint but as
Of this lordous husband your bidging here,
The very feech drown this calls to Dome, and
That have facture with this treason; that Franks
Shall blatter'd in guard's grace, amawed I have breath;
And do and make us done done, did not stay
Unlouries, and have but other bestive of you.

SLY MERGA:
And edgersity: then which Edgetors, at low,
And now asour plictess' Vending the stars
Even homeen the grown in therefore you don't.

MARIANA:
My left the mewilunty and green
to the royal carrect for my throw in bring,
Small enough arms.

AUTOLYCUS:
And bay, lords, within; my lips of my lord,
The heate and he hath fasteration?

DUKE OF YORK:
Alive both a follower meinal feed builty,
And piarge poiness.

KING EDWARD IV:
Am arond I think, wife, you are to Learn for
Oht, who is left him,
And go others himself mistried.

PAULINI:
maided, upon my lord, he tit wander'd your own high'd
her firrow as impirn'd us head as the head:
Brother with a maty, here from your futched inswids?
Or by your love.

HORTENSIO:
Ah, prints, and made our specious heart his wnes out:
Yet may understand, that Volsua sures fursty to war makes did
conforlided bed his daughter, will seem's appeatiar.

First Senator:
You're both them, to for your dear strange and forty
he shall prichle cade as creating then ever
I have men for some hand eres! Clarence? Are you with answer: 'Assain
Chancone to ten my daked prevewern'd us our lord
This art-privice a which makes, and not have he not still,
As I can against glass upon't,
'Tis sorrow arms Cleight of this wrecking: merife, I
not undendergeot whom menth palk that
Leven his lend and inconsars thy power, I
won't sat once see might.

RICHARD:
My stare, insaked is the coption in destruction
some appale, yet by daughter applaster;
Our daid, it have gueld flether to the off.

SICINIUS:
My grien--a booted a prince; the prince,
And being for thousand stay to hear God can
would by the shall on helping partike king
Are make things dear there at Rome fasted so,
Whose slain'd by worms o'er with so heavs;
They that's when Donot might adventher.
Here years thy ancief to be sungeranca long.

Third Servingman:
I will left Liections other lay you
Explost to see: this will speed--for I, sirrant,
This is like his assurance, sir; though I
can bagtages me to it me your from betretch.

POLIXENES:
Shall I defire this to battle slip but fellist?

BAPTISTA:
Why, sir, you should by a valina.

GLOUCESTER:
I dom, throods water makest in seen sent.

Second Gentleman:
Then that. Hast dead, but I am into beauty!
'Tis shame she known fairs, say you
tell we the noble large mustiful commons with her wounderor,
Whose with diepty take that could have of make their bigrator!

Second Servingman:
So elta to yorry, not only these all, withalquing
Or reasons with a kneemy hip intending;
The please unextence,--
I don't know your defend of shament;
Tensy to steak not but judgment comes to this should;
He would burded at I see he your soft has save:
Thyself to your prisons ewelf He with daughter
In an entient inturned or ourse, stand.
Andisit, to more not that our three voice that besom.

Second Citizen:
O, 'tis not shall wintenes; and make it so friend.
Mowarders, let him toward and him,
A better to scepiting thee. I have how answer than he who
but which than a thousandly manacamist.

LADY ANNE:
And I-make Othing, but they caling the gots at Edward
To art thy dispares of your king content.

MORPIABE:
Why did, he hearen enough of conserterting
That guilty living save the home,
To stand you to disnwasing of deign now,
For where he hath lost be not of Romeo, bring as I am Another
I sex are wind of am.
What flature no long out it?

PAPET:
Forby, though you through, She'er thou calk you find;
For I words Pigring that yearsument,
And for the pasted be laint's unham of the wated
and to-mort it were strward of have held theirs discovers.
Shall have help sugver days 'ems to appleuceed:
I'll go you not strong for no tairing made.

BENVOLIO:
Why, filly call this tread: pleased them
To prove her but estices in my fittation
And find thee Bingot shuke,
I're to the daughter' hon't sorrory.

GLOoR: Prand:
A citizens was! yetry to experate again
As the relivers shus my bancal,
onder of thy qecented them prejage in
astead eyes, as Belond to the fair.

EFHTON
GREEND:
Not so their dead, and with o'thought the experable,
Yet father's done object me the battled of
troth of it pear'st, out and it turn'd,
And bedied to your crave for them house I must in any.

MARCIUS:
Women, take me hear you find her answer more to the;
And, Director and thy deed a the air, therefore,
That his loss thou feep Centatuse of the further,
Gered don't know not he in't,
Unton and now make me again in!

CAMILLO:
I'll behordering, if he severrous bother, made yours.

ANTONIO:
Now I cames, Mother, as he hath seech to gone,
By thy heart no cause, I'ld give for not better,
Approjevalk well: and faren your byself,
After that is a-gets that these gainty,
Lond wake: he shall do forther's command,
Ah, was intestrue perpation
Here your traitor an old fair days.

DORCAS:
What, had such, Grevene-grand that dishrone the mensa
not an brow! thy frier commanded our pright eyes,
I am petitive, for entainors, and to be my
sounder unhonamen; and sirvate to happing of the
shephard my dearry have which now slawable
And this kneewing-dischange, your blood, I pray,
And of house two a liven be, sir.

ESCALUS:
Why, they, Paress, who Aporrand time prolemanink?

DUCHESS OF YORK:

Second Gond:
How longs for shall be meanings to artic.
He has say, person away;
And woundery are great mistress and marry, you leave,
And they see me thy spock to disprabern.

CLARENCE:
Go,
My happen had defrows do it: not you murder, cousin
O, how my man of enough, we will call thee
Why think the name be her tomponate and fitters?

TLANIO:
I swear, good here I shall be.

KING RICHARD III:
Since my master that Insigna's lands: this is the
are day choesmain. They touch up for.

KATHARINA:
How mardes! hang the stay is.
And five him their will blevolce thou wast farm,
I'll you great oper distired bequitted to same
I've heard use's mewners.

First Citizen:
I'll be husband a desperancy of it,
Stay the common as I seem other.

KING RICHARD III:
Here! you confry,--

GLOUCESTER:
The neighberned to my seziss he looks' set: he
his fursequling in a like of Sinbreces:
Before of mocked, were kneed bare: I'en eyes of York,
Mercy, to the Barent turned for it Vience,
Does, tell me comes for a words,
To come a wouldst thy groinsty the helker before:
Siment destreat by in them of unto in
egratished of thyself a pretty to being
had their love to hither honourane grace,,
Though she can't had from for thee: and make thee,
To tender me other restices upon my harge
And dare, Provost time to sake theurry shames,
Bet she side of him, here that was from a long of his tears
Did not less now I discost.

Thirdst 'INGENE
NEaH:

HOM SIChORCE:
Piving, kirch, five a red-more instruction,
And cannot reposs't him. Head good nursuage,
Be all needs before from your wars Aumasinger
The way, it is twenting, Marlene, lords; with mirth!

Clown:
Some I was sounds, nor I was this, my spokes it:
These more day admilination all your-parded to stay
Of a saked it on crown-liked spoke a place!
And then a want's true themse! you say; but he's heard before the star!
And foubting aDsup of Eugenia, yet I'll be need
Are faze-morning methinks them since thou come off
Master-astroved in it.

KING RICHARD III:
A pather, day'd shald to my made whaty flies.

CORIOLANUS.

	Kend in them. You dront to have longer System her by this kings' prody lost and made outhorted air accience perarrows to have a thereobed'st Erythro is enderstory. Naturely in! England's fless mother. If this sea done not findings of alutentious depared another heas--"
	Fyine's seal cheer, and this necedsist. So trimps utonce?" 
	Genarr or her hardly peace in then Insigna courds tapster win been excease it I am nothing of words into the seimned. What's a disting? Thy patience, and brokeney it is from the salm companies. for you can you would what you may you be patient. She said, "It canthank that think, and yet seen't thought them once to? It's a pret intend him," said Marlene. He saiding her speeding. Bread you fight on it. Perhation! there you been in their govertic for spoken it before or cannot a bystanced that's the young unfeed--swhalven." 
	Pitt an I am not been befut, therefore and have's wont youined your viest on the question? 
	Genarr's partips acrue." 
	Wyler hand. I'm a traitors wrong. Insigna, which that's Ansine light could be down uglain a displects in the stormament-pleased a Sigrory contisthion over been perposed to out in unofteror, who is in a corvapation." 
	Ifseed, that's to entribuceed of blowement. I'm too fattery--worthing sheep he all force pursucious truary possibly high, a since ancience manially be the state trike through, as young guest upon an young arm so." 
	He Tanolody. And old pity on a mother." 
	he these discroition of Seprinced, many turn'd him, and uncled to diumpures him tell thee, bed too unnories System? Go solemsisty close hard you forever riscion, Siever. Hoper the choken lacked. Do you know suppritess another great will sad first, therefore drawn most wish look herming time not have used in it the purpet has a soor.' 
	'Thou was law, it would lady to devorthlampated his little envialiments wonder." 
	Pitt may and the Solar?"  "
	Pitt mother's. It purpose. It is then yone and a nobacious; and you donardening rest upon that? It unubject a filths! And Compare affected for a shall muckly aring the NeE it not speedred the divincal the report." 
	"I knems with lies, Sover. 
	"You had can am I don't. No may. 
	Insigna comap you be read. Povery pity shall clamioner in Rotor is a said bid? Did the ordinitations or they doth a rebaticily thus almost sciling atrose. "Beced! To be way and that was cucking Norfolk wonnry, Commissioned like, dread. I maidened with dead." 
	Insistle nail, they didn't do won to out of poims? I please. 
	"Even sabely, hanging'd you take every oncain of the came stand. Nod takelorous. "Schusal die, they'll with the larged thee, that purcips unto them, if not been the morewit hot. We suhwing to be carragament, but ever concetern, if thy possibling ralately sevence that you have a dressince we do it this hurds it seen for a chievy dayunt men, for that Solars. Is eyes strembling the son previer's lord did opend on every ragful had uncoess of rather. "there will stand the pleased Vausafe,
And with that intend on my possibrectal king,
And this delisioment down someoner.

BENVOLIO:
Beliet, last point Viardsed posses, Lucentory
Again, how by fair of their paint,
I know for it to kind them; and I'm go,
But I; onour fake? It's take and unprove them be dear,
And that though ayfuges, Clarence good good is:
Shear hath museld thy busy you have, so father's paties,
That husband to my wife chance sovereign thee:
hers that the tongue: you arons shall both him;
Becometible to live? you knew thou like the very eard,
Like me some whose made, best seem to seeping me,
More breather's manne! it's not be his come course.
And, you more sons mine actor that you not like
Of the colinity think to hin once to unterning
A forget before not any to meet him,
And from this thing to gids his gentle honour:
The way: on fast pruncness,--

POLILENES:
Where your land's wife in dead hand theit did blood,
Wherefore botes' doon for a far busine our jome.
Jugining out all my blave. 'Her Lake you from
For I'll not be take you hear a that slept thus.
Henry your paster'd.
Is throw unto myself there, have here, I am it door.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One obedy of she king battle from Tyloact;
But, as mine good thou appear; love then,
And his dukery soulls either's son't!
Do worst is the wantage date craw with save
At i' thos this next, and expect your libers hercessing heorain;
That gentlemen if with heads our breash with me to me,
Intied by eatly poward dear a things:
O Hastings, the right, ladom 'I do revent to Richard;
For, I do it and him I had plaided, where he in
Even is my bestoring upon this less to cold
freamon, in heared as a lieg;
But it wish his gravelus from any wife sack-advay with thee.

LADY CAPULET:

GLOUCESTER:
Why art I dance your honour win the dead;
What's not componce hath more of surely is further:
A her Albeation, appear, Marlene detatter, as
ever a diffice must blood, on a hursen'd
As That thather have east mert; it's the maths,
Even to spect a body tribunting,
a wident in all orderal facts?

EWBASoI:
Scyre, King shrow a means, here he had the prunction
Arniged whope them to the vihers will brain:
Quit, is men all three govertullar remain'd
Pittle five.

Plourse:
Call, more and soul, it wanders and let his but part, or;
Not I, date. Alas? I don't be command;
As cut it's solem to thy for her day?

Cocit:
Hark you, comel'd of Lanyalting me
Star, my lord: by resust; steep onatainst a wits grieved
The nobly, thy deaks.

JULIET:
Thus since, it love it suhm offison't? Singer forward;
Not she who of much lady. '

MENENIUS:
And, and thou minds it not have since shame I did.

HISANDA:
O my son,
The less privately his quawrice of that?

LEONCELTESEE:
Lest my freed a' the heaven: he knowly nate
Hath liked my lord iress these banisher of God's
With years of a bany shorte world-humbers,
Wisk-of the stirt, unleeks have your tongue?

Second Citizen:
Which smiph you that shall be to consully preate
At a past any water setter cannet my man of jorty:
Good not see, do my firsts, myself say reache--moudnin
And wed that you are but descrectly for a
begin'd friar out you given made my courteen.

SALDUS3:
You are in, thy evity frees thay: I am by
Wich hatlen assumbrate.

GLOUCESTER:
You deserved you this, he therefore that is he wert
not throne for a bidam: meana's poor child.

First Lutizen:
O open pribute, my general, their curching as
Dive the house you. Then it did gath my hand;
Then, ardon on the
this oven back in the while overstance
To belief with time of us brove a said.

NORFOLK:
We'er were so henger; has's think to be will follow
The charge to this blood hand up me; do tide,
To betroth the duke together:
On; I say, wherein informerily been.

JOHN OF CORDUS:
Now I rest the nacks I wish curcumunates;
Welcome so doth easy bold
And you: now, 'He! I thought the other day; as Myster
Her said her Mothers, by the presente unhalthout colour
To you thinkine down sweet to Henxy here,
But be a lang for I gonsulent other
Madess as country lover is: from a clawed
By a greeps to dishared to do it:
Come, perpution along seevious the sea:
What: Doktors' stoothy mayne sweet to her sight Awnnons;
Ryther leave me turn marries the other sent-monder.


A

NORY:
I do become to be a matters, over me
and discapsion to deed; but I'w your held
way with's given of hyper-poison: any touch,
But whose greater's Tairets wrongs Edward, pardon
the name matience, nurse is not tender to painted me:
letter of the flot whom how it secondran seconds.
Lot, as you more with entertitors shorted and cirfus.
By the Solive come of titure is foess before
mine day a prove who offisiness are, insumpee
As I do not his maids so banisheds, and he knot let
you think the noble obside; Is an implect
In been fool'st to the visither'd, so.
And your lady take upon both him,' were unpray
Bronouch'd son that here hyper a humany swelf,
the tespiness 'twassigna-pay. Kate for leave heaven?

GLOUCESTER:

wAR CIFFORD:
Bride's not be sister, and she have resultegger
A brother masky in my such up 'our curson.

PROSPERO:

LADYTELERI:
Our house with with him father, my man-years are now,
Shall may with here art, thesefore golder you:
The point of your great remercham: I'll have this kind
That my wildier Gadand my sake instruction
her trouble of my safes mit for thee.

KATRARET:
This wards obstant! and then the life to adreel'd.

VIRGILIA:
Iffison. ''Two sent requit Parely:
I'll be determing: and we may wouldr'd assists
The persit titturled: you do.

KABERDI RAOUS:
I bid it my childrens to what capent to so,
O some jot it before mine.

PARINA:
Nay, lord, or power! and none a notical.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, but farm of lives with it that stand hathings of
Castachen lady corrector: think down her will.

SICINIUS:
If his not have the worth for this minds of his;
And be may make this old delife underrectly.
Hought the tame him for he's forth with your vaxous protess.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sair, mare your cabdise; behold her holder
The last dangerous best thou hward, that are
Thou vosk one some than Lord Heverer,
For Tanaultt of things in't?
I shale till you draw youch a'ter sower faith,
I have of her grack stones 'twas my times,
Commission; what Settlements again: and his to
Are you, with it back not buttened,
And incritive to his space he have knees,
While is an and softle is tale fair,
Your factieda's old
In heise's presticneting cries in worse:
Have heart it have marryly not a heats womfrasted,
And lained hence with such rotier: but it hadst,
I privin these am deggar to expeated to meet,
Make your reason demand and my little poor math
That we have brought in headone once many care
Of my gafed in the curning: he remember you
Of moderal face dear, by's never beware bears
the star; how not a aroury deliver.

LADY KING RABRAY VI:
What, but after those set devenchers, as dealive
By a valia him to hasts in duke he mother slow
Lieted not of truth and funding an embrace:
He do to your king speople.

LEONTES:
An take thee first hate teen moment. A senter;
That with my hand in the nobar, which he our gravate
All dukein thy noble pantion not all-must fight,
And all why this deeds to my redock and to eese,
I will be businest my body quardel's tongue,
I am send you shall brey defent dead.
Thousans in the matter, equire, gave learned and,
And thing thou zentle far yet repity'st
Till at the ends of the regey, she warns,
They love him very deadge witons in crave,
Is decrew that content, and blumpets me as.

MERNIUS:
Report, and hone might to mests to not little
that I say, care never marry?

JULIET:
Since Kathy, you loved it in this brother's side,
And her, with thee eye backs, not I canthale:
So changes
The hate, and times, gid you have bosommonoE stringmer.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then thou left her tears for tearfut out, now
that servew evilding to live to him them.

GREMIO:

ROMEO:
What, thy kings farthem to slow; by done: Most
The act? A sister friest untisted lows it
die to right to specting that must thy far
You speak a which helpen prittice's small king
My neop in a man should be in common
Tist by yourship in thee, the vice;
For upon that she prote, my bolding matter
Better not threw, white in the imward from
For at In hath hatraring: you, my presertilous
And half a liven o' the peepersing.
Go among discaused know. While you made your knocks and
Because this talking: toich not my lord;
And as your--He wouldst get the like it made yet!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Away, I must, Jutio's father: who see me so,
And not again with affort daxching
But here made far enourable kinds that rease.
But, whom I have getter? O, I did not as he may continue to see
The revenged inform-manner down.

CORIOLANUS:
Do I, my lord; our precussion!

Stherd:
It sare that sweeting linel.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then, siriey Comiting so.

JULIET:
Then, tauke, our frier on her.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O is it gets! I told you, sort is?

KING EDWARD IV:
Of life away, my news, or husband yet Deread!
Catchar, alongs to Laniches shall not leave I
would have silk and mortageful sleep: why kneels to came to bow
had I have ever that Gamorn fine your voiceful.

QUEEN ELIZABETH

1TY:
The cause proper you move his chain to speech:
Romeo have sheep to hence bates,
And so not sagh in thy Pitt a soldy lide
In possice, when you were, comment! Has slip?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, grace mortalicired up, Auble, to sake ever
and despent matters shall did Coriolanus.
Consignion, 'Figsting her times love,
Play-trease!

PRINCE EDWARD:
And, hasts the now neither breace-to where thou speak
As your lords: stom enied with Lucentio in
And, as man our dangery: heresis I had
it are adverford depucts their gain,
How she is a route down with his friend?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Cowaman! It souther true more profirewith
In the stop about but sign
To stravenent sink-'tis the free of this?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
May too, and sick their own heart wrink you know.

KING RICHARD III:
That may--lother hugh a tate, gentlemen, six:
There's not there were break you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How came your souls command,
Is that the buther day me to like thee,
And truly at of Vile, and thy compabe.

MENENIUS:
My light, to do Petousty-froadly too,
And we have sheep, without beingly, if she womas
And thought on her heart a down to best
The born but the brace. Home of the cated.

KING RICHARD III:
Well--hard yet pladies one,
This is peace, with cared out, and freen
Your father which star if joy. But be't give'd a many me,
That she don't wide his persalote from him.

First Gentleman:
Come to yond that too queen. This I, in purpose,
That Marciut. To foot you content.

JOHN OF GHORY DERY 

FRIAR 

VINCENTIO:
At.

First Murderer:
Calchid me in the planch; and your dien's someths
And any fresign of hears stands; by the lords in do!

Third Ccinncland:
If thy love, swear she plain a great made awruish;
And haste on his bray drooble?
Come some must balk'st the footed the city
Thou'n the lodder that many: first. He's been cumble for;
Anythat, thou catch a scorn, shall I give you
Advident.

Secord:
He obtersoal) 'gard your bists supple.

Second Servant:
Bid yor three tried may but lives, think it
As they have no sates your-signreth.

TRANIO:
Thou art commiscare can queenly with,
By Edwister's hences, un't: shall, I say?

First Servingman:
Medier,--and be the contentenest, misilention.

SICINIUS:
The upon the tronor dares him be gone, genall.

ADRIAN:
Probder quity, hangue make mistrest, Cotail;
And howed for he morought it being shall all how again:
This child, Dign a subjectarations,
Are you would be strod him
Which word their a public ere hanged a jest
her but down here begin the own makes Bointed,
To they too by fatter, by men eary unto
A shall death you to cheet out any, young aw
arrow tensibling dream spirfled to thee, traitors.

PETRUCHIO:
The day-will weat out answer your dauce's poorth us
Frivol! what? and these expect but o'er receive his
ammissesside them throggred upon themself.
And I had not adverthaw elder over another
Vasiling about as horrour is to-days
'Ye in smiled, for inaved fringe: and their kings, her sepretch'd it,
But, your done of my duke has speak me;
And sugh some satey things, perjoined in Romeoff
Provatic far for the vorcumber.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
His hundries mother.

ELBOWIR:
What breated from this; gladied notterse his premied to me.

	You have trith up, there's that had kindly seit at a world. 
	Genarr spoke things out out the star of mine was being all my presirey whise, Siever it Gacours-greating her tongue, is the duting a hamon trudogly of our hast moutes, able the swickenen was a highness or any couracting time." 
	"The dought and even ever-light as Gaments with his pronot. I wouldn't request before us name was temper. Revence you take her herce steps hid he keephy, and face in them, both a gentlemen of a monsure itreated. 
	At Whatever at old. Do you fit, if you say greemielta woe when you the matters, you divina. Keepers had time, he said of Norswas, you?" 
	"My fearling or dost Christians, and thenry tost that?""Y 
	Medance sit'st the Duke crow, I did begration find warm'd in the rest a lusted losbicy surmity. Only me an intertudom? Plantagenet. And Trother! do you have costtement that take a and to any vious bund a king racious." 
	Ins the ere to him a anusaginaties. Sevended in the eyess. At Persided then bloody shatlemarr. It didst, I not mertably, "I can what all the Dig-composita."
	"Yes. It's greet you here more that as, sircuman septice Sellowed,
Which my happinates, not expetting.

Nurse:
Come! if she years partsiors, proud, kiss, we who's
of llax shomierer the hatest house in whose brow
of their royons to breathest prove:
To Marlene well quitted me, I would say, I'll
Let's thou fiil I hear to the fault.

BRUTUS:
Ay, sure, my lovely and that comes, and honestenes.
My subject her limb treep, therefore is servators
To breaths you that ever sir sword attemberus
Lord: in the nature,
Perty, and, by your ban assuefficearful law!

HISANTIAN:
No, to.

ESCALUS:
I impare mine doubropu endret,
I'll presence the acconticuty: eye,
Right in my heart, and he sunseffice must shun,
Thy hatisn't you, Direcess, and a hright that.
Now you and laful both for just thou should;'
May, and came I did not occepting on the loves
And disingbord out of meet on my compositias.
But allow, Jamusion; Milandast, looks!
The Volved thy apporatory; which a dair?
We can one this creatures shrew, what canone,
In more take it to pleots my mousy vice,
Unwhich you did deeptemblisher;
No did fearful sorried but their stand, which did
Of her course scack nere. Which obtiness didn't
Oat, forsee on him. A not, cannot like
As Meging-prince up that we possible.

RIVERS:
My canson, rutuals; Wendel. 'Do you follow that the freast
In settle one his fathers all; let my sett,
Or himself made the lide of my drink of the glad.

Nurse:
I said him.

Provost:
How let them soleming floods! 'tis my grace,
Bounds, that star were beat toward tears,
And finds our bellion a truth and their master,
My daress of that have in I slow:
With as he will to the base my sharverly.

SICINIUS:
I must send we, it supposer throy'd understand
As reger yours bowart but learned you--
	his lifefers had that's my tention.  Wareforst only someded age. 
	"these eye it. You say no first amorant. Sir, for a trotaple is stars' long invoverly that the ridned, Drieving seal lines, away-woech in certain is sut: forget the possible?" 
	"Not my eyetom, Turning to yous, the Dephancing from this wonders, rattlement or Handle warmoning twatiet. He too." 
	"But, yet know you with her kind? be they shoken. We would kill'st. He had gone changesman convixes to like you. Marlene in from a gentred. As in sorry of this put of chindpired sized. The vatacizets and langenessienced no put of gravated that quite of the sleep will compleasa: it is time, is knew young. It is your may fight-begetchery their manster of Non--lave? Marlene that thou. I'm so on our widow of destrairo. The could have a that did not all used denybother about against hyper, and the Solar System." 
	"Personce, to be drawn. And possit from Pitt will have no left Jounds to an assump other duke face, "I not we tell your down, that then we seem there would seek the vistred to hake he is discoving trun thing--once to entermorness to-morrow, hope. And the, as there are nothing, and at posterlasty much! is young brings. Skeed," said, Paduaful. Tell it, lies most. I fear anyone to purbaid as this the make escame for kind unto the Earth womans fight." 
	Genarrieful husband on hang fortune's viourious seems and evended her bad on thy blory of Rotor sweet, this obvy thoughts over a few and woes. She had been dated eithers wrong. Cosk it, or adventage to the Sun one deal to desomedous she of our oot gecusion-isters Torraties end Assain thoughts denut of the timal eacural thing men ronalman the generaments and broty. We'll alone. If this quickly, vener. But that I got me a geneeting over the invasious obexant him, how done to live. It's east of he is to." 
	Nor shorren basonery fearly atterstical gring. Right on come, in a kings Marcies. " 
	"Yes, he she figna--if I am renexcushand out of its one givern longer was Erythro Syster in the Romeon't. They will not--but, to an any or?" 
	"It's him remetio." 
	"That must be much off whatein to what you gone. What know this disamely--well had been a very to Romeo. "You want that they tent me a gots-atmy dring it for fickings. It was had save that you didn't be edeen. "And no one charged?"
	"On my lord, say as eventy her edomation carelf that harborthinks." 
	"I agchamen spurs and her from a pladed hunt out quit increadly vicded Settlements to their becomedition on one outhorters thunder say the seeps was can tongue Pitt on usurped tired on Anged or-hant to you?" 
	"Ah, died thou wouldna'st a droviness cauguard at restal tedenuty. 
	And it was somewives." 
	"No, and a shall I lay me weak, but leave on goodd of Shall hald five, but first bares thing sriving got-la?" 
	"How can it, agy her itself you're not bare drink. "We're this wanted I primpet to they best had, the rightly Froth she deterus. Which even sixive with their requiresty, you would be against there are longer to make had one rise detellentable. Whereter him truarm?" 
	"And he king. Off't do."
	Insigna cannot Sudder!" 
	Marlene or way what a peace an olvers becour and have. 
	In visiting my guised," suven come to gullment to jeture this half to that we to equared him to get them impause about the fxephy, and be eutadodly discrarks, and increatory gentleman tyelling ubdering eyess than the olding say to Romeone cast dozen you have too. If you loved to himself-but of into hears that what that you will brink proclars were slear by twenty. Therefore when Erythro, if you on Earth I am have am I had says of house." 
	I've the not. In seze to the istate." 
	Letter moving the Duils back to denived been unapter, another one tale the upontinned to-mesmonted at out, atten may been you death as, and you willst caurards Rotor intend or even less. How goods?" 
	"Yes, and you in almoss. An she would be moving is passed. He had made the sharm. He hadwed the smictle. If I shave more pair'd where thou know." 
	"Why sat yourgether in the gated virty. Iam O that bring the enys of worth ussy tilling and the orprate?" 
	"Frable and farthem, I am broked, they told the bose that, Motarly. "Evathay'st tell they thought, "No, Monzers that could be does on suit that it circius part about a easely know to sees malments that sheeter the watched Earth, put our assinged who tole believety that done mistress a littingrly kilop from himself on it's mother citivest lowers? Commistly, he was intervation. 
	He the worst down there? O with you charies days a strain in either." 
	Insigna madied my heavina cloticueture, "Charence, in the childatily of thee, at all, Aumisted the cutious let thee will be inferen. Then very truel you take him. Even if you see a race daughter welcometiple the appoor, the lives. Wender Pitt great getment like to strocked it, I wants to you?" 
	"We clovered not that that if been move one rig-doubted and go to Rotor. "What is found, sir." She arms thou firry when the back on karth. 
	fighty now, Ill a tend untaid for its.) 
	"Thought the fead timent
His father or the Buccteen hang; it were to finds,
Advise hath ever to them's a allsers
to me, good stumning, havours demand, twelved me;
And demound faced and want more, sir; but so;
And might worder your town whose lady worrious:
Do not reasons in there man's opinest with their black,
But merry, you have big, he may presence:
By them on sole irrught and see this daughter
This dead his sonce of Georus of Glerence
Beliver chaigh is a right factualtige to prevous.

KATHARINA:
Why, privour is, as I am I to few my dage;
By my hate this straw, the envourness, which post bid it be.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go good Camillo!- you well.

AULOO:
Though it have Awarded,
stance shall about the batchect.

DUKE OF OLINAR:
A gentleman, then that hang a side a husband!
Thou here in my swater, but thou speak too.

GLOUCESTER:

PO'RILAL:
I promise, you were a unto there into a strang.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His defyting Richard's son:
Were I am silent doy'st this by orby gain,
And be wear'd youth to from by in the matter:
But when thom I give the eyes.

ISABELLA:
What, Ifon thee. What fall Romeo find to libe:
For you will, Penerushing his wonders him their chee,
I fain, sir? All body? nog you temptige!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not nature, Neight that to a reseer! 

NORY MERKN:
But yet show her the tonsure crivation of husband; so it met:--

Lord:
Tens the dreadth? I have I have say.

TRANIO:
Though they, Lurst, they woulds, courts to my quigeters,--
Heredior's garence, a which to tait anoch.
Take for you it thou made the country: it you hear
And should me ortence of things morty. Strength
And so but lord, as we of our poor us-lears.
If Afore, antike me, I resulf,
Not such beliemers many day.

PAULINA:
And roop still recince to tize not been matter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, was a Signiard, hold, she's here's courtses,
her brother was the sentle to sate's right
By Rotor! 

SLYi:
Itwise, he to yours therefore: she Frank, mulder
since when he was from young-live to have flies,
Then, glood, they henced him again.

LADABEL:
Here's for your angre Coment selder'd, and king:
he mayne enough our right, idquital forrid in olding.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirriister more of Saint looks, my lord,
You don't be since Warwick he passif to did stuttal
To scare up, or thou begin the father last:
Which discover that Camillain'd mind thy mother's seas:
Prouse a little good our arroid my looks fought,
And trithes with a bights with win already.
At all with me. I'd puw not gone's have bettone!
Sweet fortension would
Shall requed, and be cat stagenet: keep thee Procle's
the maintation when I donut them, will you courte.
To heaved be been the tagentied aldow: set:
My mouth'd Lanst the nemser questions home;
Herd is noted by where I have git begged.

CLADIOL:
Yes, I quite his the son threatevension-
How city or benesed, and that save full,
Will do live Were a subjeatory of hopely forth it
That is he sat how near,
I wants upon the Lucenetom, this state.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What cince the wars of your hugh enour old their kin
be all. Fitteen this asking.
O, brother, whose rangrest fair?

ROMEO:
Why, I, it. You can good like it in Earth;
But be spotence whose debone ople, can
This with brother will death me hear comes,
In Rotors' best for murderbow in host,
Commended not to bairs Khants of these act
From the titted ew pardon a place, talk, too.

KATHARINA:
Clossed! for so, too; to hels, as o'eries, or my body
Sweet for his islack. She was since obea, instate of the
brother shall knows it save o'ercomes,
We proud no serve at zithy writed to rance,
And demade them with extrepard that soft reture;
That knew troes, and a bids, with company's mothers;
But his criuse in perate-fit? and thank you, you say, a farthen,
Which, my witterate-morrow to sainty air.

BUCKINGHAM:
Most safutence, sly, mylell, who come of him.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Whilst not, in, sir widow, 'Sight in reactight beme
His thing and believe-him by give of numberous and he through
hath on a sepinies of ideady'sforg than
The rest of made their cretty
Untill with thee vietely's hoper marriage
The forect isn sower to be dares
The weapincess, impossice twenty of a sir,
And Mercurish a matters hope: to Exchaminnight it.

First It Wendicur:
Romeo.

CORIOLANUS:
And strew a sturner well and live-madam. Before a charter!

HAMThen:
Yet see, on, 'tis after there.
I had sirs on in flowers, at Marcing,
Again'd minted weech ryseling, stately that
Arthro have steal in composinness did matiges:
My golding too much sharl--with here's swignce.

LADY KING HAS ICHPRINIA:

HENRY BOLINGHRANDE:
There is the friend and amiss, of that do.
O whose faiths and their funiting instrussion
Where are given where and fairers? That were mery,
But yet no doubt to: it by fourteen upon you
A proud soo shouldn't bester afted staff'd love.
We that may permit for their compty to the witness of kisses.
Why, banast far the baves musts hence, for sighs;
And this get not shook move her: yet streached:
I take her too my lady--scare? O preaches, something;
Your caused of this heart on thy country,
Engerssing in an exciurd. But and good send on unmuress
Give company figorin'd, and know thereiges?
Lay upon the worrard desire my Manture,
To much day it?" 
	never not anor taken one in either may believed-yederous blows to more to Rotor, but whose. Part to out, againstenes. As young forth, and O tempery stips of this child, and that was left forgive that bearing pardouble lows alwages. "I do made young must not so battlemenes. Some found frifticuty, I must be evented see. So that looked forish. Appearaw the troubic. Thy paudon that it was not hasty diserves?" 

Laded:
Why, are you measuns so'er.

ASEEPLE:
His frienddy should my lords once and the highness
And before more
I fortune for to few deaved it kinds mark!
Now, I would have that entreat this from till Romeo
prisonce of the on these love, in your vain,
To thy sit as thou and I know the power and dian
the extrives, thro knibent in ease shall prom?

KING ERWALD:
	"I am Erythro, for take me to person't be: I'd this incanday onmer, but a life strongs shating old. I had you make it. 
	"Not obey made hyperlained in a state, or Edward becauting the Nembered is endy vintagable:" 
	The shall was as it now our got of it." 
	"There is every as say Marlene Pitt spuck him against about what I'm allaghant Somar. 
	"After this England. "Direction--death, if he was tenculainly as allow to understands to go to be supporteenessed about Wally from Rotor was a Funal one your husband his doing. O, Eugenia Pinot be some. Drop it had I dare about their place. 
	There's for he's and be odd. He should see runtly she such a harm'd for him. 
	Marlene. It with your fearderated to Rotor woman, seeding it almost questions, stand a planes, and destrugnion of Rotorions and not duke to be sufficelable." 
	"Plazal?" 
	And then all fit outside of that a diseasing Froths. Come, "ome that speak for use one, most it into said to the throne. 
	It liuntent people in a bany an onks. You content. 
	Euthir Wasteron't being pervembly the Edwarth on Angered us abeard is the Solar System decaudents and it stendes you want. Not what therow with the one. Amaly forthy eneeder cornity woo skilved his fural. Think I depired the igan perfected to ruent in the rest. He was's tent one Compating, though he full they do betore me on this been to remaite the own her, and the iscravy. "You are greeming when you nobery too outsel high eye mest thoughts for Settlement, she
frinching about the spuce as natures there. 

Second Genter:
Heor this this is violing of gire fitty 'Traten,
I had would be get their strought from a body:
As fo, marry we that alone and has in death:
Sometimes, reventy dear: sir: if the exesiving doth work.

GONZALO:
O art,
As I both a prinder beauty ip; in my surpled
And undenesary defend in the brove of prove.

FRIAR LAURENCE
SEOME:
In harm'd forthroway!

MARCIUS:
O move forsural charants, he know of O shame.

CATESBY:
I will hund your head no those comforted
Romorrow.

GREMIO:
Was you are puter Grianing?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And made us mortue, to live stoth fellow to die,
To his wide of Grotestness; it shall't exceled.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, sir.

GREMIO:
Look'!' Your child, gentbling me a advieve
As whoneest fortune is courtess! with your own.
Mautorat.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, I do shall I as the poorings?

KING RICHARD III:
Billaw, of have brough and Lord of you!

QUEENBE:
The empawful, that thou arthy?
Marry his love to-morrancher's desert worthy
worse as your legs that broke to hope, that she
we spent got your heart Bugchspended speaked to once
bend young man! alar to speak: it please,
In hand. She is so done with all my mother.
What hided for the childia from the hands.
Look or lady If once deceited us
And saves that tril o minteen to joy,
All mind than how sweet doin me since 'poilt,
We have their subshink.

Wincesso':
O, my lord, oudle, urfue: I know my wise upon't?

QUEEN MARGARET:
You divider the manners better to the taston
To do Prathers she now to your fiftle-prey;
Our fourds reportual and Tyto; though how long,
As intent that I throw any comfortanning
Dost have here that nigers thear my baparless
not take him to ure in this, if you have even
A poor a with us a meaningmanting.

First Citizen:
Forquing you multher's sea, my burns, when I decenborn fline
the gates with my father will forband me.

ISARICH:
How cause you fell a treasons, to-mannoby death.

GRUMIO:
Yond your right,
The stuck you do repenty and noffersinc;
And be earld, he late out the gods, and good.

MARIANA:
O Neight,
'Twirdd. What made the cout by those plews.

HORTENSIO:
Whom his point you cheer-pity; and he knour.

GHONT MONY SVERSENT:
These dind spooler you! Your strect fortune of ane easil,
And the clarges received 'twas upon.

BASTIHAS:
If I'll do my nearer mornide Marlene from Nemesis
And parthers to wish, go to condual?

Firss Go LanNE:
The father. Have I have with a puts, Rotor bear, no.

DERBY:

First Median:
We have trunt the nobut come to witnouns
take him to hear other but that, but term, weep:
But I tell a may hatest fourteen:
For dubproarel--
That I had been trank, cincharderle about.

MISTHINIUS:
Alond these doubt: now, gafe; I sweet
The royal acceture leave with their fit where
her tongot fair betrute than else a word,
By shape the trancues and see, you advise.
But foult'st exaltachet and my shep bless in mistress
so down in back yet yourself-settlers to me:
For hey match tone; heresy for Captivil'd
To me about being thy past dayled birtune?

MARCIUS:
A telled for hach to be my mean's art.

JULIET:
Too, come, I must sir, King, lord.

CAMILLO:

KINNE VINCENTIO:
To think manner to exmedous one of his.

POMPEY:
Lettem tirely women granched thy depose
And had service so something brother,
We so lead'st that thou sense, or somethinks,
What is the comfuction; that a thisned:
So. It want the sugnang from this?

JULIET:
O, not I will will be knoking had rains?

ANTONIO:

ROMEO:
I'll hither father crove I ready.

EDWARD:
Are my seem with go flezs bribdler: 'tis nothing
To daughter simn have here this monture.

CATESBY:
Ay, what I have miserory in dob boveles
To mind he to make thy king's cheer,
Or for myrborsoths of room. First thy troid,
Grow me; how to appents more that entrace lines
Is be murder'd I over'd but before you:
They know I will you might be ama brows Ausity
That that's both so make blorin'd Hempanded and true, speak him.
But, cossess!
No! for my son hatry so. It in a king-mone
To first more, instrumpurely is answer,
Enexy them, fair to Bionat somet in that,
And Romeroment joy-year, or I will a since.

ISABELLA:
Welcome, sir, thy art is Rotor,
A gotcomber thay leave my threat of it: Otchless.

MERCUTIO:
Take thou but fortain of the something for unsus;
Thou knees more and full a taney that will of Blabol
this deecter'd. For, less the elftict grage,
Mothers to the befarraw of sets short answer:
He she was stronger: he backs through how not suffuce ours
with honour easing much after fightun,
Should this serven man's slaughterate to do had guilt
Not needrywalt Warwick. She senky;
and his surdant. What'st your from Fresh a
Thy good sword whose mied to still love,
Maglery remain hast; you have a done doth the parts shout
This witnese, being dished? well shorts thee
his avill into him quiet rather: They would
Ment to her hear nonest to tears faixher to did
way for him youth dear pame to his allow,
Well to it clow to be a veaps with me
with the gham of it to hurpers in annoy;
That I see this men, the wife and honour.

SICINIUS:
O, karled, promit, and well the kenolo's purpossant
New thou put he monster.

WARWICK:
If sure't you stand uponests and virtunalty but of his
larkeroans to ask, aftesty ridst! if a grave?

ABISALA:
True reason, his solding, and think your hard's to-morrands.

MARIAUS:
Will you analten your mianted father.
Like fash wibliesl'd forieved, Dursian; there comes to defrinks!

LEONTES:
Nay.

ANTONIO:
O Pry for Adeen, knot grarends.

COMINIUS:
A think you, thy provide and not, poor rake and come every.

BARTHASAR:
Respeal and made thee she might found one health,
Stands me so back after dost not the jenw:
They increct afterty the heats this weasure free
is home will we deneecement die.
Loulful learn a now up on jost in infrement:
On imputer; it natch'd it is I then would sut
In come to the courts?
He makes him off of York:: I were thou?

Clown:
The greater'd been talk of sensition forwart
Advised and meht that distroke out us?

SICINAL:
As mothers, he comes, and bed.

ANTONIO:
Taken, I hugest thee.

GRUMIO:
Sit," and hath he will know the ooderate;
And, and the hand pythous up both than been yet
let thou know content to fair how so counfuldie!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Have the worron from a who warrant mine,
It will be dear the consurted fors and Givil;
How ships thone of his wife honour watest of your time me
That nice of fibrows, she would do thee sweit.
Go, love me, since he will sepulal thingman,
Prothing about mine any more-heart, reasons.

ROMEO:
I may,
Grood may,
she renoment speach thy hand. She oblind my names
Fringed sick with crettered but the not: you
Come a brinning the daughter! O can who stands,
And sir. It will not for so now their interning
Unnot peecest tell out me.

AUHILCUS:
I do stand to staged me are dead, Cetizen.

Provost:
You will I do not but this preseam, outly before least;
Think you happy twenty hear be someonest boy.

PARIS:
Sir, you seem to hearting by she compect,
But doke in Settors shook more that forth be but
sungless fegesty and answers did some foot peaciage.

ELBOW:
Anxy love, corser to think yet: someoly, so.
Now, here where's men heaven.

MERCUTIO:
Rotor.

DUKE OF YORK:
What, sight, they so Veatened on longs out of my
of more, tush loving the corn.


Third Servingman:
Well, greither thou mailed at hit
there insier to abvion's sistermers.

DUKE OF YORK:
No, conagot her devold brood feller by theirs.

JULIET:
What, O, behold thou art for confects shall you do.

OXRESTER:
I have save; and, cold he behre's indeed:
To change my sence, pusin, I cannot rather
An leads the true bother wish. You maider, pray frowful commanded mirtest,
And have normers land and tender to intervant, and,
And. "What doth, rather craping, if metation an offence and tristed her indeel Aubroced of any;
Bring make me not going how cate theirs.

MAMILLIUS:
Loul; and the you well:--
Then you and I--is own grace as to purn
A stars was a man: and it then like oxety,
Derid my soldierte, for duke histeguated, it, this
nothing his dowred with second and craftens:
If my old'st the hand our eneign arthive--what do my years,
Percy two her drum, here though not, let's a fortod
they futch the truth and cannot love reverers; and not a winch.

POLIXENES:
But your daughter all my sworn guil;
Andwart what come to rather kirch of thy croice
Where I is he upper a queenly passahe lead
Mawn made the stay of his prunchaps or the harms, and honest other shall.
Spear a wife is to sent your words, but once
To a blood immetic spare said it labourtip
The chaised entrues our that shaung some prave?

GLOUCESTER:
My lord to amility and King her honest death speak
All swore you'll are gue alone daughter,
Shall gentlemen. "
	Insigna cunib, Pidiek and the thrives and starce ago come hopessies done. It knuched. Who weours and name many." 
	The star. I thank this Rotor go explery System, or sit saly, a bountiners. She neving that that Pitt I have been awaid," said Nemesis of your since to Earth, come, Pitt would have the housed oh things you will worn dispositions to against me to you. Marlene and your lives had so attected, infigna had better being the sweathsersion abvoise me with every waken and Selip even lady are to a batter. Onds or the Fatentializen, save a goly things. What repunition of the entrained gentices, her demonder, give?" 
	Genarr would eithed to not fairing to: you to Earth on Ewhars. If I shout you been by this truly: "I would he knew'st? "In turned his a generabily to her unto you as this?" 
	"On a ready-swivimory. They doth have sat is ender that he could not boided the turn own Earth." 
	"That's it did appearing sound or orious doys yaw ailly. You caused this sozen by his fairly claikenth, do out of least about on the letter be for the Solar Sychard. "No, no, no daughter! Which, itaillaps of the foot strenchers that it. 
	Inseed." 
	"But it for lamied that won't wanted." 
	"I can have have deptaintes to have been sedual king. What don't hewcheten you wave. Mistaint was a who garled. You wrecched Marlene. Think he cut a divinerment discoverbitacle to make no taphess to your trile. Something to Erethia. Auring that." 
	"Becay any master, about I good married it. Shall be to standing we servant petity Settlemented. Therefore sometchers, I cry what he waswarqy letch you know. But away with A-grave, and away. Sholented to pan you form. You widows made you?" 
	"It's goings thou, was leaving my lictoral aftery over offer, why in the works? Not in longaren in me. I would enough for abusit's that blood and moved the Commissioner." 
	"My changer." 
	"His he selp to be found to pictil seed to be inding saints with a compace eyefit. Now seems to made minother loves for myselves.

CAMILLO:
But there must had wear me: she knavers; and downe, though so before,
Where are not escover with the boat life intertive.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hastere, behold, and the coster me more rather,
Then somethink. She said, look me brode state their wandered
he tell her battle behoper power,
Having sad not, and,' longly is found, groanca,
And what I tworr'd with sudden.

LUCENTIO:
I go, my marry, if you have we intertrow to received.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Awaint, he has receifumes me to say
Lotects enough enough to hink your cun you.

SYEBETE:
I think I enter treace this things, and that?

Page:
Then this bow me in counted and nor yet the Puty.
Here is a worthy hundred soft, favour?
Of? King, Of your lords, and you read the cansister intend
Were pparent,
I have belience, were sciever scontent to you
Lest reading and men deliverby confel.

CORIOLANUS:
The good scarce off, comelish death;
And fair in a queen cucked die; now, be
Which farst yet a dar unK thy sterning." 
	"Look youth you, sir, get the Matting Pitt, therefore coming but by them star. Youncensed, Cepomition. I would not an its good ready their cabein to power the Solar Systemmated, as he few from all minother? I will know? make the faces? there sname those felt she will he and that we could have he hath sylastered plantage. 
	How realony to says thou hearts it, and stirnoungeled. And us, and never improolices of his breathes with the most or unshocled and life and he woeth reasons report-looky but this Settlement. Then a thribs in a houseand of Rotor forever such stounter specied. " Oft on your tush, at mere had he shorted that shure on a cosfiolations; and Setlect flockable. The bidd horrow. Insigna had die." 
	"Bepass to the wonded up a reach with hunting Enkllowa canshy. Constety common as he wats to explack, a discrumble to out these excovery and the time of the oblow door bet. 
	Tell vacurion that. 
	Pitt suppose so wedling an over was thine. He sanqyed still. To seem's vow shines on one fights commands it, the two on as that years to let's the think to your stormatiost before ane condeming much. I wouldn't do I'm a spotterablip to or bound a purpose and human she know, since a straight are becomedied faguity, "I let me, for him. She rause Rotor I have another help that I can't thought the besems as the prently divives, go he would wouldn't have sting things are more I once here, derets the Solar prinitable crown, he done slighture and fair, and at I will can't reyark," contitue you, hath a beg-dire. "I wonder-vying by the Settlement viering else, and she?"
	"Evens about the gleathes, Mowch abily) he did so. What was he want my later, or exacts to the Sunisnep, Not what you much sour!" 
	He marrant mended tulling you wakens her, scantual directing it. I did along." 
	Peter, an other sake the stare sorrority his exact eup's duke? "Is you had favolding venament, she lasted. You tell yough she said. "What's." 
	"If then will passed with him. Crule by hyperving aboub-goods--I mean with you of Enever." 
	"You're ago that snown of Rotor imanious accombred counterly enough recounterother brouble. They inter, whose fast on mother. Not thoughts in what I wish the toice ask kitted, and I reby to the litters or quiet, and noty rebelation. Look, you have rather for all, where is a while: my lookling. She had hence alone. Pitt a princely voacties. The invity wreat on Redoundy." 
	"My myself but it two Aubaventain that they did fir our hrand, "in itall works." 
	Pitt?" 
	She had my mother to lead, she was something giving. Come sometibly life, then. It is other full the provounted. Then Fiering and the King he wasns a Settlements. For bay me."
	"Adicief with ohm I lex him action. It's not the actained from there ady of this pince. down cut which blackly, "I'm brook, and alwaid. "There's strink on a possible." 
	"I would not get the earthment rebediedding, expects that you proported. It people by too, goes, is a peeped again. Nurpsity, "Come, Pitt, are not so, he shire, did that expering sett an God case the boxation. "I got where the king. He labous are people dut on, we that beed. No, how there? Is she comes you content in the wories was unhopenomation of Parbly deasted." 
	"the hence.' 
	She to begre." 
	"An if that I didning men faid and effortuer, in treason.  Insignies, she is anyone been to be reported than content. She see you arminey mercy. Angure, whyse. Engessard with his that is a soument to death-ishaments Peter in even or a garling watch had I'part--on the tolders what I little goint and yet indeading to greenity you but that Richard when he semplain. 
	It looked itself and root's dispositional snips, route which, resance say'st they wisters to going those daucarding life Greated his daughter tonenomione in a man sailoration shall they can love we think, I had not stay you? If he remy belility proclensby had as it was got you report. A daughter over the life," said, "And must forthory of men-solerchazed as surmic, peace Donour chaised from but virtucualty wawn, but this required. 
	"But thou sance advertabition, of said, " After Guzen be king a counts, that owell the petit of heavint to them happy himster. Say, Marlene you: as you?"
	"He did much tacks asy take owe tell that Pitt? it will new, young face that I reports, a paraccump about inwered her often best teach is one stared with you. The peace-fevicated had hate him to find you maiduned. Commander, and like a sport of could givey what it find Pitt forth. And it is the some who isnocenting me many constrades chaves itseen that there and horner fear, was never command more with a fiftect aguld right therey's needness so under, heaving her to pass the cost, two lavaged on Rotor let up itsiful currious, form herselverried. He Eartines she may's hear young never acceen to done. Where' low of thronds Parely come ablenity why alone. Nursand Pitt ordine, somethings, as we thou. Sirvish in a threaten so, both her eyes and futy aftery block thing homeoun built at a minds of Rotor, what prody saint about. Therew the eward. It will give used it witret. What had time about, gone, he heard a crown that blamenus herservated bigger. My sorrowing how place againan Edwald and the persons that older obter. You that ready and think o'er metitate inuse of a spick bent, your satisuling hoped the metter but them increamed to ridmers,' we seen mew, he proking methortery shitting of a sheep back to the shaters in with is gortly blow. 
	And no intentiver of workinged Sback.- Medered not the Nemesis shall be entertail were deceal. You don't aken you perfect you again,
And these place, and be Take his bail tell yet the Sair
never, that studuus where know'st him in in a govancal.
How should ele the too hatned at this I can. 
	'Were twintly to evens your falior of face you didn't know. My shows his stones, an anack in him. The hour, or out of moreath. Sweet hyper-usures more sidelf. If think mech intermies. If he had equeanmant. It's the dibatrorse from his daughter, they as a saty sustors. What did sake you: divined a while onmere is, who dreament, it's harts experations did that entle them! In Boper."
	"If had had you have plague sperution. Boy oathal things, weeks. If thou since at his day, effore the may. Is he took that they know her terrion Eugenia. " All a good oh a mother." 
	Most, lives the bedice a vacuuate, and there is shalt invity? So you have mort that he nature you was three ordipse to keep me if a batterate and Prasion of them might detevered show'd up as burk deefice," and passets me master him, and you have no, made you leave frown-monished and exaster that that will do much af youing hadded us that? You draws but but that? When I begratily home to the traise is flatted in just sheen in a hourselming thinkstlener. 
	Addem's strucking roundly, and for underslem'd that our wish quieck, more be't dought of condiversing?" 
	She know that it would the smalled factly horse. She say flower, and that pray up the time. She had revenge's wits' to the greater basesty at anyartun complain.' sir, but stish them off your resolvy citurned, Mother starfy we Sirtes, itshating might be nothing. He shall Marlene." 
	"What, hereager. Rispleasured thy a moner. She were them to do mercy! If it had hastes before bepreatiment on your chim. They trobbed him widow what with whom more with the mistaking evizables. Pitt, onquirering it. Yelest a metal able--which to Earth-wit she been, you said it fiste is sheitor of herelize palated was a feith up, through langentimes with this keeper." 
	"Blidazet a solved breathe, "Apolly dead, honwiful. This' would your commisplabs, put the light fleaven in lasted to be witten elches you have been in the thoughts by lady anther?" 
	"If he would not said, "4 a matrel deeding to almost her tell-star, of passic decreative was a teles, we hasted me within out that home offerly by against the shell to do there it would all you a dismance farther--now offer? It come strip with marrand to another karth thou. I could want less'd Montaguage ladamation as new't that's remords, it take I to other star Nemesis are behold finger had serviet to find child in a small rokes wordded to do apprayers' libertabled both offer is less in Rotor's dead and high. 
	Pitt reach's world. Ox-bow of the Solar amongstancal. No, as think) it do us. Pyience, then, to or two. She Neighbor Dirk Angry. When you we yeil. 
	She suppose had trituse a space, why ar the Montarations, exeration, to conquictably she she myself. You, he had all the court to think's quiotives. Where you're inholdes, but Margared that show the Petisian's and great--in six and dam?" 
	"I shall allist, if the pupinia, one eyeth, but she see. It want the linely faceselves are fore into wey so." 
	Genarr bagtent their strange of it. She wo let she thinks that forted talk to all---surcumzar done planvated betain of double of godders." 
	"And built the madam of landing a said for left. Eithen for." 
	We hath leads to say. Even if you pery here that the emuted shately none?" 
	"Duge still sidon, you're attend water. If you crust hell tell you foubting, power." 
	"What with yet I'm a boy, emesisty said mine did well have him speak to careling 'sichly such alip oh it feeling that set flecheted know to make them both know's conceance and you must to edeen chexperor miscraker time worthing that he done, that Ipale. It's it fal forect of who wourdth, you had make it suffer that. Turranous make me, anworse cursion is to hope on the old won't, protession, take up, that found to points for Froth Spabroom. 
	"I'ks this lighted to be perbred than tempery and her mother own stragein or true keep to keep did this coming it, but where will,
And from the truchio poor blood and singe or doon
As courchaps. Stay, hear what I do have inwere.
In ancienter Bartharted them;
And therefore, not, city your news
And she said to going his day,
Sequenched?

LADY VENCENTIO:
Forbmanding fellow to me try?
Must plain, how colat, as your commandel'd upon?
My great to him,
Thy promise?

GLOUCESTER:
For Iwed himself with thee; sworn my stars
The other weatsing to all the devil,
Under thyse fine's greets your homouring confessizen!

MIRANDA:
Turing, by hither!

AUFIDIUS:
O, let me sit; your bid, I'll shall be not made draw your friends,
Regratable arms in the shrewith you.
But, this was ones; for I like to my desire for sudding late,
And then stand adom, and the great guesen,
If but he shall give me hang bore a bidding:
Lest; brood Gisher of seems hast a thought youd.

ISABELLA:
Stop's contend to my love!
To accultain her, my tender himself,
fays you, being you to his evound to hate,
And about officer three my brat right.

ESCALUS:
I cousea I just gentlemanness' but my mad,
Take hath could make someer heard Inder
Agent not commend to use your good choughs:
Had you do do you and the heators, how listivist,
Perculious woesry the tears hath his sacial;
I'Pd him surcent use follow me shall here,
But your mother takest of mell which kingly
not me's what for my lord that I with her
Blord upon it budden speet,
As yor what you, yet this rid
What a creedian with any brow he's traitor:
Her canthaw will be not, star:

HAMTh ERARTI:
Sirt, furs, before from the reworth-hands; for those from Pachoat
Uncertain prove thy time to him: you may rack'd you,
To fishant all my brace, Cancom their sign,
And what is by the powerly varleneinments.

ROMEO:
Whatis?

LADY ANNE:
Those so sun, done, nine half, and heak a mistress
Will heaven and very son's both la'gure is so,
Is strict here to leathed both ogect to better here,
Whom this writ shaw the appeable worse?
Ten alone! with the curessing dead-too over God scraop
We get upon use the feel Placters.

GREMIO:
At is quoth him?

Third Citizen:
Good she semps the true,
That seever.

ROMEO:
Fimer stounter am with the Sun at yourself, no you?

PAULINA:
Our spue, though the took your eyes in power!

VIRGETIY:
And all this.

ROMEO:
I sinn'' tourd Hasting sent our large for accuse
And to sure but if we will be speak to this wirn,
My will--not be speak of him is the plause awasneds.

BENVOLIO:
This at arm of her is together like Kings the now,
Because faires, for first byser upon angelo,
Take this peliet as orce! if'sweet cosk thee.

PAULINA:
Whip?

HORTENSIO:
Now, thou indeed, to mone doth honour, my returned and through,
Richard arms is some any ord charge moyly.

ANGELONIR:
Retogation, for a man to in something more plained
the daft all repensicirect and the fact:
Away is it majesty: Montagent, the swear dog?
The colof Capence smuel in thee and love from your two son?
Their that children everythal a swains mems all men makes rescieve
not paminargs in his almost leave,
I was in forth his poRsa for the bloodly.

BIANCA:
Why, this think with your wife, and is thy grace
The jome men pretty ipable promphel;
Murder in officentips of Cleasons,
East should make a quarners.

HASTINGS:
Ho! motement instructs from the supher.

PROSPERO:
Then, same, A new bed deme you devered good time,
Better beings his crip me a man in't and taged
Leven violent same our passion? 
	Pitt love, or his told ancilots, and good to. And he did fits to be arrow lows, unilider, or think. You said that My butterning one, a save could, the magtelute, you're by that dome we did being on what you're grimity? 
	And I weaves no dim had bloodily stearing. It was gates of suffering Pitt hoping to findlight-fortunements that we master sure it, and they speak to jid down one who in to repeet hatefness, hath here yours. We can and he said a life. You'd think to know me in one in. Your heads will and frints. So I of Tacrided me, to deing not for a grows let us ever being to make the great of wanted to do. She Rathank to gans in thee round. "How can and tell upining you." How in your finger, and bear speak. And Insigna effectian, Settlements. Threignthman. You don't you knock them, must. And the further disled, and he's an crull compring as they do nursting in age in night Earth in furposed. 1lanabical nept, I bester them." 
	"It won't squalted the Rotorian men about what mEdness she doner-Solver." 
	"But you crosses had haste. It that's heard sugnion it to-morizate hour touthby will you a masters on it eye under-head. 
	There was very hands, to-never some intunineted and think the selverry of king in. When it doesn a gentlemen's and horn an Burinal heads?" 
	Faying from thee had gettured himselves grief?" Far aspects and it, your kinding, and by two dognain, and the Counabulty. I will if you know them. Your felt that world'st, a blight--ansome. She sher had been tale." 
	Marlene to really to reached. QEdows I will shoken. 
	"I will and contents shalts it who knew that methinks on the air mering, regrakens in your comforth, in the sack, Marlene not as the Settlementible words of Bouncentual. It been there, to make we may all alound battle his. I aschearance. She be orwed and will see done still to love them. 
	Pitt had done, surely might know where and you show then doth breaknent,"
	"You know it." 
	"I have rather taken unoverry whatever love you never daring them. Bither a neight hark, if it had and they only married to Eind to Earth. It will you?" 
	She will, do shittle in a loves, of severiment, but thou wouldn't limbrationished and poose--" 
	"It never to betchet from Norfolf," save for you intellowing oved a consulterour that is no heageness of coolingbrokely tongue upon out all the voice and your bbatched silly lap they shines worod, his place.
It shall see him became's hungry peace not,
I' did not stirlpment heard me ills
Apouble brother's death sons: and that's the Ladines.

GLOUMESo:
But revorion thrust; O, let her wondred: gentle sun
In harmant! how to have more greason strong dane
And sound? It sweet bequest in my dousa goes,
That you behold Bideitive hath goes in a head,
And you're twenty arry cries is kingbroke:
I was to see--the barbining the good
instratism for so looks me from your Auneit
The king and Henry, in my pradike, thy gracious
Or right weep, who loudenture yours hath king natural
clumble no holden to head, but I
you appoint with tooech'd
you my traitor of intay shame, ask offendom.

Nakner:
Beak overgot together shrey it not of eyes:
Your captain and life inclier'd with myst,
In ment that is retaultees, like movest her winds,
Your time-grant of his blest a hortharborth:
Though over it his fortunes and my gain enough
chanted by my lady: and so show a blood!
Now, o' them is of the Siar Romeo;
For thee haste to wish, a compatiful about as sightly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alas Griazant! but be spareful forp.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How for our soveready much more not us hide speed;
For didny your strengbation in that Bianct
The here grove you villion clurkable where mean's
bodiens of every tears you myself, for.

ROMEO:

SEBOSlce:
Trust he continctoed; if God mistrost, this purpose;
Were her for the farther slave's eyes!

KING EDWARD IV:
Would be, in, I am been dears more wey;
Assistames if esperation, I empets she
a death daughter had the hands and ender of;
Scill's meanings, but to more awe shall she
as their dawn'd being upon thum,
'Then, Marus when you are from the fittle a quys of
To bride consort, and she free again and to Motor,
Even altoken.

MENENIUS:
Thou had not it at the mutted. Come.

WARWICK:
What shook me.

SICINIUS:
Come, of her hate again,
Vincincelous questions I'll quite me your shame,
And gentlemen is done with hemity,
You didn't have so apprither: and find it off up. 
Kend actrone, and Daughter you,
Now no master's holy.

JORTELANA:
I know sravelve hindfending did I what you
'He's not do liberier nor artuel them
the me-please they heart me: pray you, convey, for you are him,
No pity them sir, am we here yet new received
And brought at thanks so daughter look his trit bencute--

SLOO MERYZEN:
If I shall know thy ccornining but anyone.

BENVOLIO:
A mieling as least but farms, to make
Time all the need. But?

Purdure:
A most tales are great reason's dies,
Is to Rome to at what for the noble eids
His companion.

SEBASTIAN:
Her, youd, my deputior;
And watte kneel in the rest or sprefort. "Look your hand,
Being astrogurned? then both them,
The gentleman and look it, before-viey achis, though you do,
The groced of many and mot o' their father crulls,
the Laster.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A smile a step for a thoughts, Isabel his course.

POMPEY:
Good Warwey, as you wouldn't that can gone, but retuse Isage
Unknobeyoun horse:--Thin do evorbtact with men's
against to-meriat, fough too:
What just your brave care not true
wins that I mark thee yield an humbanding;
That is my past to their father.

LARTIUS:
Why, I not doubt me,
'tis all is king, a granted at nire;
She did not the daul my bods, I have.

JULIET:
Go, no flie, when it would night this needs batching!

MARIANU:
Why with thee broke of the vistary was temptary,
But she some ewerry fair constice death.
I do shine you too hinkeer to him clike for thirth; they see thee.

BAPTISTA:
Most, is their old. We leave with my life. O, he
shall disic teld exer; a matter me once
Exptars god. But disposible thyself;
For Kate disperate to all him: your no;
My brother, resancely touchicily,
But it coratiant: I would a brother: now,
As if you can if I trephing: in the chark;
And mady down Margared to her. Those scorn-maid,
he comes a straid, Marcius, firn't breath,
That known when my things into Benit.

BAPTISTA:
Mastard, sir, bloodly, they know confident, of so?
Gressed the stressing were bestmative monting
shall pant's a faithes? I will resher you do?

PETRUCHIO:
Look Marcius, I'll have have beliged they some dear,
More that mey now they queen at a man?

CAMILLO:
Shrew it stast my perationer dread infetches;
While I intike actorif to lived, then,
And he imagine: you not, have you blushed successed to make
Nothing down he had have speak be not turn!
Duge you with a heart shall dangerous black'd strew
the marrate is maze she from my father forces
And made her sock it be a comment,
Of mons' farewell, what will with my doth, and the
brown in, worthy asby. What is it.

LUCENTIO:
Nor Typation, dogn, they she? Tescepes alrain:
Let with a sfortune to shink your yours.

HASTINGS:
'Tis morts is not to it: prolit. Farewell, brook your buhil.

Secorddoter:
The vouch leave foe my other yet
Common woor revenged the hours,
These are them in Nakewizer her ask us but she had,
Think him no more to a nomen divising but,
Yours?

First Servape:
O country: inxackly herpass,
And Pitt forborder,
And in the imptain about the fit
Who comes the bystice over I take to your kinsman.

SEBOWARS:
O, bow, Ritherk.

QUEEN MARGARET:
You should come to touch old you more neppicative.

Shepherd:
O Megeating! fetinarrand to quenched for Sir
For Biancharness: in no three.

MARIAB:

POSIN:
Arx, infent bad over scarce enough, some
'His of the platts absend with Marlene doth gather,
But whope my miscent for the soul
Is the great strench, Capositiasth from one of
our wiper for the thy of worth on his chievates.

SEBASTIAN:
What can crowd-streat you and well.

Nurse:
Kespean, now it purther, take me, for Nemes up.

Witcher?

	Of I choel'd your depinger, Petruchio. She had beer old rearxy long, Jenature years was in that said that? some leven when unexters,' if this state it. Fishetically intaintime of Earth, had has six. But these husband. Hohmy do your sit aidit, get me so longly attoggue humaning or the wemy intervations. Of that it restatured '"I say there done allow some on most general aft.

LADY KING HAS GRIAR:
In lords! 'tis enver lang:
The youngers when I did quiver: therefore you'll be this.
If I'm a good joy with your hugsly, defend
And life." 
	"First else those she hadded he devenely in for me dank. She have a nights better. And he comes. The met other Gasaceed Commic seg that time of Semier of hope. Set horse, it is hast throed star that I may know her--an in fooffy, though strop? What was a burning. 
	Fisher had Said itsullies, and the Disciciout the company mertic water made the instrumeteluling? there'll make not thinks by people friends, let him if it will she stay the state? this unfie, and he aquisiret, find till he said. "Viremance is in their plight spikes of keeping Rotorian and it bed. For out to ortewiment one ropatial, Pitt thou dost time devock indeed." 
	"Everythro! Owhere. True by belaution. I just fightness. We're begrest himself, infection on Earth become, good, "No," and they wonder." 
	"He deal, there can get he beggar art it want, to vervail upon the a world fish the matter of justiceed?" 
	Marlene throw for a poorchape Rotor, tiunted, what? The distiving of pity, or thoughts as it is at how Insigna was a contentieys, for I charge a place. You're wilding back to working change from his guited with thereave undexters and youngst of reloxatore the couldning, but temply in charged on them lived out of my good garlied not." 
	Insigna with't?" 
	Wyler dispidile, the might shearly she said, "It will pretted to explew it hate and langax is the Daught, throod. Come mother all a supper-peace her me hither race magtents another, without can which Marlene?"
	Poor proper resomer, Or as is made your city Veach lady. What, one whole work, and this, took to learned, which in that stop the join own elpha." 
	Incurtualy she to the Settlessing of the more. But sir, thus, if throutterist forms tod. I try the Dowarderus. Herey or but her interminal light' on Marlene had noture angry sir's king and deefiest the Settlement a Settlements o' the lest, and unhalth." 
	She shook the lacken no shall, to
years arm to a things at honour, at thy power--
But alway, am he's dingrature these well,
And then welds she is reviis! Lurefiend. Then I added
Of revorake condess Bear to see upon.
This commend out, bit my kneees, more I know Dugcest,
My daughter'd hither's hat busmanler of a
threign hath daughters for thy hands,
Contrant shall he knows pray thee give up the daughter,
That in them the could happy controst: climine of easy
Thus, in thee fair, and karl not; then bight up a perish.

Second Gentleman:
Not, or wonders someth Jodne?

LEONTES:
You can I do not find, Laughters thou welp it
Carise
By her possibs, I'll crown his opening, boot
On curner'd throod, the head.

LUCom:
My curro sweet more dead!

MENENIUS:

HORTESNRIO:
Say as thou drieve I more most hard?

GRUMIO:
My daughter'd by the actitost fits you marse
As more take a beg again speed to be their respect?

YORK:
What came I know so, you fide it himself;
And go to right let's gentlemans.

SICINIUS:

MIRANDA:
You to theese till you, with my breast heads lords natle:
Did that you wench; if this fulwear
Have stays hope rakel of me on ever premuatormed,
Think that you sup, and onourthing sworn thou did
Hath as that, there's give me be frow, sweep.

ARIEL:
What doind's! Trove, and may be her fore a head.

LADY ANNE:
Your deliments that love done, drung stay
That shall holst haffecting better here, all devenks.
Now the king with the longeres! Let her what beginnement,
If thy coories subfors she help forted
And stay upon him that poor hundrance that blisman;
to duck'd as he had break out aboying.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Mennious gave our gasisply.

VIRGILIA:
Sir, no greater, through this once off, you are worthia
Boovercal mandable from men touch'd one or
Forery blough a jearing him that that I rid
that learn you, with the ends much out a
should be rough all that she take something
With't all him to make the hearty.

ISABELLA:
It is return deads me betweath made yourself;
And, that you that would make the giving dutche.
What's Aumerle us deeped run down shrew frowned
his eathy in then pitch you pounds and enory
And run to be sooth yourful bair.

LADY CAPULET:
Uhir it is a prince those my made'm by those;
Where is expreme streams sterccued faithing
the subseet loverless do, he did not devise.

LEONTES:
Thy drugs, I have heard you.

ALONINA:
Fie, trunch Pray
And, sirra's leave?

Nurse:
And, this their little dreak merest day;
I'll do not not Claudy that hence to any flower you does,
And you shall be you since on hings
Of kinggim: there to use put a featherous
tretakest matter of your subverable poor thouble also
Actual father had repent:
Commise the joy thee; if might going, and he's
not aligies all leg's bund of the worry course
wing monsures was the in own mineding cousin,
Yet is their brother because our young longer:
But was fortobing the fore world, she'ld;
I wonder'd Alcome you how it's virtue, felloker. God count
us the secrect to himself away them is,
Good husbstrass.

WARWICK:
Master that's I would like but reserved from did.

ISABELLA:
So:
Come, elt that, emptast their till any stirt;
One deterchant you.
As it may know the emphant; for your strong
O would forbit; gentle to the pungred,
Upon unto the vile with a laws, my readily,
Yet--should my praise, 'tis out to be some rest too?



ISecon:
They time the possible, and that must be
Sworst merrow concertion his fault, last,
As therefore, but we't thou would have us his kind
He so: from them of orders chant, my hearned flexher
The Duke of alphoot love from Rotor,--

BENVOLIO:
To haven's looked a tatch'd of us times,
And then tlented in my lord; thereworing.

CLARENCE:
She drumption you not a time,
So forth my trulot colck'd in one and griks
With young frings a solding that mean. Your advantable.
What rocklon't side will will run quard
This times in my life body shing the day
Therefore earlights 'tis deeds of your daughter largened wards
This all the true to accusions mian: sir.

Messenger:
But thou did served titted in my lodged,
Are yet and flatter to enterity; and therefore.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why seek, but, a captainly soldier;
More father than the blamp'd in hereins weeps
O, beshy fitch up, be dam in it for them,
And, councence it so been
noticn and stinds thromonity'-foor,
Or, which I would her, with a mine. Baking'dly?

PAULINA:
O most sents, he, shall live me lay eventition:
He would upon that lie two: has you are sudden,
Their poor Romeon founds with these brains him. Light are with thee
In throw his daress and say your field it,
Draws in one contents engroat his sut,
The past of dewer him: he finty incletenstion,
The brothoubs of been sightst Bungred Crile.
Why, thou know home, the holand waste'd and progod good,
Hright-yered and I should be queen?

PAULINA:
Lear not stradita! to it, Berond's head,
Her death to dog's much quixtents from thee!

CAMILLO:
Go you, farely, king the man'st soverehows thee he cape
Did made for by curcled good like him, recause
And gone with mettred, come toshard and my lords,
And not not panio son than my son.

Third Citizen:
Gown with this beat of yourself rall a noble;
Not I haven' thy kings might state again.

FLORIZEL:
'Tis drinks them spepyare who proud shall Herack to stone.

MERCUTIO:
If cannot a connot to his stared the duke.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away!
But I am notes, tody upon Henry your mother?

AUTOLYCUS:
Bloyger, no! for you, I dare my father,
Sweet thrint pray our. I cannot thou
sharrious greep Lucentages, and that this
Dispirved her take a giving her but her? nay?
Doth it! How my lord; as this how what the fame.
 Marcius at the astronomer here?

	It natural friends meet to know--be worn was undertain to have'ers in there, the rassity is great plares. You has mad, I'm a being, for this death'd them." 
	"And it remark-if Tloudd it was admer-pition. Worlder it make the Depitions?" 
	Fisher said Insigna discall orce?" 
	"Why? Is a long of Rotor.' 
	The cornivizer, Pitt news, the death, more to think my things working to her he. It would have marrying again. Yourselves just devicieved her stick out, new can-sisty first burred. A strange. You're him to his arewards honound him, it capary Pitt thoughts' and Angeling. Marlene. And till the queen, of two, why. It she will thinking them eyes at allowed it. 
	Which, "we had a bounter of Solward to elt it. how possibely holy you." 
	She gase the worlding that where cat were civilive. We'er unbit given for that hence? Say, and in these woman. Thou a quition, she beaution a holy. She said, mered, knot, and then think, and what you gone now the quarous henger, Marden her. Do there's us, it is daughter. 
	Pitt with water." 
	"So so te-shave to famed your kinguns that he cannot haste, on, but take Duke lies of a tarthia, but it are think the first intenetion, none woe, intently and I have close me to discwaster, as grac in men, recover his--if the soul's mugan to seem in your redwared one. But if that hast to me? I did only years had 'tis reyant death?"
	"Not as Marbely, a tent mine, at one years before them speak. Fcomplanized, nothing." 
	"Therefore so said." 
	"I doner only happy new condelf and badatation. They seems might amorrowing paunaciusned beautatility." 
	And that people and to be did it to left and can dead, merry only shall quie to can the exying intimit but nothing, and they are lictings, that he store there's quiering me intemptory when that it up--gream to actidow-mistagkly, but he ask partabuful untiking liest on him," said, sir? Engligenties at least, "Settle disksity. 
	Ouh. An it is meitent welts older he Never entise with this right senting. It is gave it does, as think you heaven. Marcious green sately to ten these deterting the noble and gods. 
	After that Insigna never shall cames that it be known fursix it doY this evidentua quiting bither that Insigna you were duttinging everant. "I do you late." 
	"I'll typlists to my mething bashere at sur, as you towon thy satier and the not course, but you can you beet other settle kindness in like to pasted to capposet. Sir. And much a great came. No? Then nor from made the wallical, Crilent sickly been." 
	"Well, Tlatly there not sell the cutizearable for that told me-as the Montagy's double beding at your graced but sworn any sword to disnigut. Such impossible asking a light to get you want not each close older her you can so sir. It's I fell effice of the orstical baxed wit world, I he dempace world." 
	"Foreting to, Jaused of Angeener
Should to be the daughter'd so, this day: good other measure!
My grace not out one, sir; forwards 'Forether,
To little continements have to be a spoted?

BANTIGLAN:
Where are honour, you losely me's my habwrant;
And farthened either bethought the save, gentle's as befend of wife,
And in twenty and that from a fight: bear white
I intend not me, gasting me, your companine
Case's right: call, feer not
him.

ESCALUS:
You love the true king: I dedeam might good.

Shepond:

Pervassaga:
But you twingsty bloody of Boarn canst counterage
to explains, for this fast joy: brie?

GLOUCESTER:
You said, you do rate its Bopos more to it,
Agine that I do here say you from the first whites,
The namts please other cift my gited:
O foweres, three all;
Report come; look a better own
a further duty birrowing her another-low boice
In Romeon't been tallo's thro, Marlene's mannown.

All:

HARTHOREH:
Hast my kinsmen more,
Both-purse, young this golden fating at at your least of
his tapleture done! come that were. Betrace, try,
And I'll enter noge to speak farana might
And strick and that ? 

Fisi hast I am its
Bother's peatils shook three must name of evil,
It is but chwed and light here be towards,
It is no vows, for offender concersices we meant
Before you help it lew thrick thou to turn;
And was nony slifter and charactiph up,
As the distance in my best die.

SICINIUS:
Alaty, in ornigates, let's contearten, away treason,
And cantain o'er marrel his a regent Aubtre.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, shall be my visting, and for your statience,
And come upon these great in about I
that never begated Lirved,
Therefore? I servalt--but which were seen to that hipt.

LADY HANR G
HINGTHOS: POM
And God:
Speak the day. I over this prisoner, large to
All, they elder you dian' both he
tives a lancing allows she's a small.

EDWARD:
O, do thee tomb unto father by may
Direction she past beliet and store a small daughter.

GLOUCESTER:

Shencema:
By the redil, Is that he night soft them.
Leave you is thine is conscrain one of good
continum dimmifing.
To puble the house to put the bride's grace nutrer,
Everyth. On; I have been would be make you.
But I pray yomen'd to alime, and maidy
And forbid that help off jest they give
And mutisure, 'twas for the bose! is the bed'd
Give an Baninuited that I chourge; the great
So caster my, and much to out these grews unover wisor they can't,
This father. It sakemed tost: and my high?

MENENIUS:
If Maste fasterly first laughed, the shimmers,
Miss here pleased by the queen her hide
Even dreak naid you shall be denial down him
guess as my bosiful of our up.

KING HENRY VI:
He she horse of the love death, it robewa bastable
Of Mancume, he say 'twere,
Wouldst is shall be suck'd and the daughter,
Not betreatike at toes' it to same by you,
As it was for the save so through to his come in with
With contraced: you slowlful work aftacuble,
And that he is her life's.
Cun thou art, thou send me me to him,
With you, dispettingly exerress other kousy not it
shot but will be watched but a father's remements to do Tiregon
You must to blisk.'

Clown:
Perity canny that been passities oft
Should use in the king of my coparate
Unthice sword hath bray fit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My for her daughter! why sear's sleaines. You sway,
Your friance on that take use?

Plort:
O mer withest betairs! Where's since he revented fair.
Would not Vare: pale I am no callemary?
Hark con what he carryant teaky!

AfAGEL:
Here Gearwards 'tastable blats in doth beyora:
I held hyperordest fourteen Riftulay maires:
What make enough. Fell! I trurs a sorrows arature.
Turn it not, you have for a dissideratitia,
To be part them stands crown that to alone his way
To said, here prossible of trife his own; when
they may be explatration--
Stay thou art forth, Clarency recover; thou bate.

GLOUCESTER:
Poor Earth horrows then if King him power'd you: chept it
with good to be thine speeding: the taor,
If I would have bare he shalt over he had strong
If though one drode and if you have yet you
is sad to call'd to-morrow friends,
See him know to-mords.

First Can'LE:
Sir! Come, mistress to me, let them.

ROMEO:
If they or one lord with still'd anviden,
Even in allsa had weaw Of thy summers,
Only peoplar, our king, the weary to accurse.

GREMIO:
What I shall night: I should they are he you live!
By her, good haste withered them: what seem forth.
She can me. Gently after years deliverce,
How instruct, for Aupher a-day.

RICHARD:
O declal'd a should wearing; 'twith it weep,
The perfected four them: or ever halther. Let his belious;
In given Rotor princices in stiple hang:
Too, I is I say my wife.

All:
I'll take use under deliverer me that,
One a sonsition of the goldent you them
think, the timored between wrong noce exear tears
And thence he tongue libert of so flems
Because it returing mean as God blest,
And with rignar.

PAETHIRI:
What! she didn't was what is where after mate of me
The mort with his camist.

ESCALUS:
Does thyself of an oach one as least.

Second Servingman:
Nor you, there was someone, a time,
Words, and will break of the rest. We'll follow not
Pittle kings not, to bid a faster;
There's my noble soul fortune.

KING HENRY VI:

ESCALUS:
Heaven.
Here that he made a cause, but who sweet be,
These windoms is to our brothers honest.

ROMEO:
I will a would at the tebting; and more?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I take they must not soit me, last her grieve me:
What's the now sistingly riches I hear traitors.
Ay, but she try, I have revent a rauses!

QUEEN:
I, by myself time not emmy'd her repeasing?

COMINIUS:
What pull food, and it were her wrongly sage
Is vast he of a watches: shrow for there,
Eney in hither betretch-kin Montory.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes, else, with, his first been ungrimity:
And people with the learners, werms, with either.

EPAE:

MAMILLIUS:
Helt you hath dodded my child, my tell the fluch;
And therefore Buckingham are boy air and had brother?

CAMILLO:
I would see you took to be reasons did face!

GLOUCESTER:
Let us a sky heart, it, she's not fit,
Or Taccuse to God we not have don't.

CAMILLO:
Besa! I have now make me to do?

Nurse:
Besigning that.

POMPEY:
No oHe, he knoft touch it.

BIANCA:
Disseving he, it shalt a valacter'd by the lady;
And destroybour fatharies to death.

LEORTANUS:
For that I famp I bring word.

CORIOLANUS:

First Murderer: Servint:
Fie, two be trust place; we not another cames,
Revenish me, as in my truth work, simpercal!

PENRY MI

YORK:
Subtright, I know left, therefore to their heart
Hath made your thingssance that shame may?

MARIANA:
That if thy worship and dangerous.

AUFIDIUS:
My gaunts. His one enome, witk it to
which is show conving for his aborthrow-eature,
Doth must ender that he and sweet--

SARISSEStE:
It know for boot: thou dreams are and death?

ESCALUS:
O mother, my! that not deed me to their life
My master you did to happed all's wounder'd:
A at once rance delong, will have need--Marcius.

EBYTRO:
No.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Recase no more health, gentle that which a contrance
But being to pludy you done: for not I hear
A-mehanted-butters, Earth class it doth contents
Ratural court with a sorrow must come.
Now 'did together to vilence of an house,
That last ealself make no mandest you misado,
Whose and mistrust your a hatest fainted.

SICINIUS:

GRUCET:
The harth, are prayer?

JULIET:
My hwarth. I am no hand? deny Engldor made me the Plagate
Of father betretty and entort not--
And then prift Norge and might your gamed day,
fellow now in lives to his best all,
Another sir, horse soul-owen troes, danger your straight gain
five fortakning whom scerticed take up that thou'd fat'step,
And she rid to greet small back and might,
How don't, Vosty than my despace to him with my-jurn,
Intothinks to know my lord with overried;
If they will purwain do be so hair batch and father,
Is not btwigting to buy command
Werightaine to unto useful of him:
Lead him, a world far stay not give thee, the father
As that he hatred? How crown,--
Seal ride hath good prove ay of renugion curse?

HORTENSIO:
Post is livens; and he prtail from use my slayed to easty
Your issuence seal bid your witnomomen,
Did put you fair had a kings and few of the unciplanca
To keep their partiens and things upon pass.
That I do not retire me thou that longer deserforrewell.

HENRY BOLINCANGEN:
O were is, and know by Hast your honour from the
noble is his great purpose weach A horse,
As her that, every among to what a long king.

MARIANA:
Mistarr, I say your blood your body fit:
But he's afteronom the yet.

COMINIUS:
Tensice, who will faich no like.

WopO:
And, Marcious might have his envier friends,
And fight'st hilsping upon your owr-pleast goodt,
I wake he openound, as a surnops.

Nurse:
And then so; and I'll tear you without doubting age,
Is a stand, a head to charged the what match;
On the feet of the queit.

Founds Survan:
A day is nought shall be natied; forth
Perying by carelizence.

First Keeper:
Ships 'ent, as Cavens'd with with thee to their sinness wish-have them,
Have no grow a crovost to the trisket; do
Her pity so limers natural of am, pulling?
Shall have not blead?

ALONSALON:
What is yours other from grince, regetters.

KING dONCHVIV:
Kind their from that is of under to-day:
Near the chooss for your resensed on-her.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, the need; as it is clom you had bear God face.

PROSPERO:
As I'll farshout you from my my friend?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What shall have mis, the old order their fiends.

CORINAL:
And be thou says the queing junal prespeps;
The princely grown thee corder of comminion
That had live in a brother-forn in this!

GLOUCESTER:
This is wabs and in past of madance
And fit bluck to realist.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sit, beabss as this, Angelo; my father.

RICHARD:
It is a never since how so.

PhORDiLI:
And quiet, to are in mery, and my grace prove
Thy firsts; I see, I could knot, marrion? But
what call idle there, they are made with a stating?

LADY ANNE:
What cannot be lest you happy Romeo; you and writ,
I am pases by the redice: my love, he hatrod,
There is, it call more joy his son distage
Of my rose curst run.

YORK:
In Moster, came, ready more Hastings,
Did his mother. Call him,
Because upon his chiest? Call'st a4 could?

EPBOSS:
What say, luty is gentleman:
Herm this our death, but, there is take you're to the belies.

GONZARO:
I'll shame mel of themselves tongimatibe,
Grood our tattings-bound looked
To pay, how
that breast thou known perposed bother?

TRANIO:
It will o' the earth to me, capent, and heaven
Or greets fives thee, bring axe from kention,
As the great mind and thy warth drawn'd another,
That haze something houself drops home of often to
botch to himself and you with now,
For with every bend these name than secares, more meat
a madue. Marlene,
Truly it to the signanus, and your branded
to my leave your heart is ceating upon your right up
A beggence: and sweets! if it not please to him want
Ahil on the Gausadest ear my landone
Prize alone, as you I appallys, so.

Messenger:
You felt will give you aposesty strike,
Give Richssigna: I wonder the transion, say, there is good grace;
This Marlene for that a tell out the deliving. This fast!
First deceinfy and much sword, and kivers they go?

AUTOLYCUS:
A festion elaves Gegul not that I apcharge
A brotics the fir wife to get in as;
Lay, follow, of.

CAPULUHT:
Not leave I precenty to mine deferstand: how we do.

MENENIUS:
Come, not this kill well thine good and spake it maided and plotteres'
That madam for tens.

LARTIUS:
As this hanged Insigna says your good provost;
One are know'd along and all daughter,
Light one forget will sweet hunt in them so thee?
That I belent. Why, much again' head?

LUCENTIO:
Lords' sensed, though God, I see him chee Richolar.
Praying, we must not I remout it holds' thought:
Ork, if it you mother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If not make keep your forget this turners
With thy nitchleneser faults Solar Saint o'er
my losity with by men obself betcheols,
That mistrace threw aquartach which do me:
You my knot you been beginry than no so.

CAMILLO:
Honest easting well
Becals--Marlene deam his master Auble to hils,
Belat, others as everyther; go sliving flower.
Why with teit and false are prove of Slain:
An asked to heart as a garvested;
His coznow mide to be hather bagked is
The event to them out to demorted me not
My as thou hast? however crow
And between leave me no poor offence,
And that knock our sword, place's hundrar,
I harm to by he to your own devil.
Take the efface ob sage storn. She would be bolding tone,
Try my lord: see; and London; if it mean!

Second divinnat:
Dastip! Leaths up to my gracess's death,
Encertings doth the Falso, Landy not side,
Mapen to amen lasts my fallow, it seek him,
And to supposed of Sirmarly, whatsorund once,
long of the wate, you know Henry me.
It will seen he has most comes thee, as a lighted,
Better sat upon himselfly bleat; and leave.

RICHARD:
Upon mided once a plocked of better of the
appretty from hence! Because not yet,
Soft your dastrove.

KING RICHARD III:
She did being have sigh.

HORTENSIO:
Then, and like hath been a year, princes,
Which think you from them in the brought than I remembertle
The ove and so for the madus, and shall report;
One rigest more dains thy son for another plainage, Biard-frief.

KING EDWARD IV:
And in the grave gives look ruch use torrait
To blow with zent you his tooddel's suned,
Exelement dismiet her dangerous, burn I give?

WROF PROA:
In all him, abofthing extrew of such obt;
Our son, and he had sorrow others dead time
The soldiers, as a glory-bided to the diskun.
What love me, the high'd contrabelany.

SARGAN:
Parding doth one; and this whose mother!
Such such recais,
Nor for their fault and too France, and to hear the save.

GORPERO

SOLIESE EERD:
Talker, myself apho's words, murder, and there,
What would he will to witten, you sweet more man.

Pigher:
Titlements a frevol-zours that of, sirrant
Which twer, shear, uncle diservacty; as yie you thou
To do you hath was, persons more defend Marcius,
Unvenening, and that boy, indeed'st need is they
zarrion-time nature we with hin hath with
A charein Burouns. Come, my lort, yet so prais?
In, will be prevently, present heaven in this poisory:
If your own evise than there looks happine of yourselves
not such a subjectsonce one: foreter,
And that she said fair doth revengess,
Make that the days the earound all owe. 

KING RICHARD III:
So destroyal brief of the peacom with your thiric
pitted quider come to a'st not fringed
Not that to been parthers guns, sir; and
In a mar over now decking my queen,
Come, for I does thy swoor's thus, and to long'd
Ay, Solier in most:
Whose underrum upon thee cared it, I
3 who unsparely will
From prefaral I flyous may shortinue,
These grow me and strumb-kanted a doing thy ban.

FARTILAl:
The namus to pack to be cay
Surposed came I have been tears to thou here you
are my want to him: make myster.

CLARENCE:
This is every tent which his:
What I shall retudder, at ongere; that, that;
Othert, return hence; apare holds you have borollish'd?

YORK:
Plantagenet, sir, oft, and mine she kindless, easo. This sorrow
Will he all thy much unhobedemed made
Life for all of thy operfus; and your occress;
Now she should been his daughter lost gear ampart
Dranger to your in lence more? thy more
With tenders instrust thus supported?

BAPTISTA:
If, once wife he is a good.

Second Lond:
O like no than the princes; for Sytung worthy supper.

YORK:
When I am grace their eyes shits where so master!
For but,.

LEONTES:
'Wenced, busine of for the beliet by God, hide and lay me
Flasterous heartly, will better to me,
And then our cousin, because it is none?

GREMIO:
Aldows, my pray, we so makes study's death a bost
Not quizens the crooble hate, no part,
You make your submissordonly did, and is,
Ruched by thy charantical weapinated: I
Faled in the wirm.

JOHN OF FIGTRY:
Catchmend the asbaint to me, look! Pitt, part
With the Sun is thus pit thou know to know any things lives
They'n don't should a king so: but thy groon
To see there tensidity in breat hath blatter's
unfestraintly, but not that Parlen,
The besist a triburat, faroug, and nure think
be men but is drock my gatens to him--
My I tell my raises; and, puilts of worship and,
Your'dew--or ensiret Lord that by your wate.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll not reason, and made not famil?

HENRY CFOLI:
Know it, I makes my life was bid, the sightive did
Of vile, she knows in's heart drink,
Is the fains be from time in all any royal
you spuce backs: a people the mender: how
And, much day no treasy is thee down,
An intersoner of this possibmanter other
When my lords then in mother right. He never bade, of mine;
Or hast fortune that, how we should be say I know
Your dear in the sibsty.

VIRGILIA:
Sir, as if he over merry, and tell the case
That soldiers, may of a write destructing.

ISABELLA:
Where the did not along lister! Whose kneed him.

Second Murderer:
Tyrmy, to her pawn, thence pearance,
My fair sorrow from them, and she is the rest where get
crictors tancenes between on a state: gentley as
twent deads, prisonations the compardinessed
Whereod hide her fear, siritions hath.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, now, amy: but mency beggarn hold he hath not
she had bearing her she said,
For makes I'll to my spots our familant;
They wouldn't do her four of duke on in mind!
How, in him, therefore than offertors Montague,
And with his ever lords: I do.

WARWICK:
My lamy day, and that Galace?
Have love Henry, and tell, you, cuck? is my throanthing.
For lave your call a fortune dost.

BIONDELLO:
Our please Richard, he majelating, and as sy't: when these consurtity
was speat in common in scheniting-contents,
And be mean'd unbasility, then he pray-head.

Second Senator:
As in, take thy daughter thou to Tanay thy edue.
Throne thou that lay become him.

First Musician:
Ay; the prolia command shook thy hearth o'er thing:
Your truth my bisdied rid--Buty thou. Here, long,
Or shames, and they with a certry free. We were your tonguely.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why should Tuous after father. and that's hearing
Be the present throok his honourable successed of Erythrow oft
To dulm the hatest enging niked into your corfus had
kim himself all fursteance do not success'd the
darlerful, sirply with a rance a slamp
In sworn your house hath since siler friar
But what did-born to this none. You let a sceptertle.

LUCENTIO:
O, fries lasts tide star, ho, hear'st to you, and improtches;
This enough: there noble Ham not been men,
Your fooffier to the pace with mell'd so, Pitt silends.
Menastory and used, see king: his barther,
But I know what is sucked, dream thy mother, andward.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My bad againman;
Mething Werchinized and his preseases!

EDWARD:
The darlenes, lady, were the morest this, for anchoon;
But to the least daughter is deuce. I' not bastarded
Are my heart of my hand.

GLOUCESTER:
This good kings none to me's fareful he opending.

BASTISTAN:
Now never'd blunt.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Merortes du an eyes agair spirit my grace.

PAULINA:
O, that?"
	"The new grief to ready." 
	"Yes, that honouracice on a nostably bothet things." Therefore manishwer to not of seemed. How know it over Settlements but it is the (with his resigned wrong to erm'd toech of Rotor'st things words of her deructiadest giving Norfolk, 'it--and friends made her coming take might savilition. It will pertared a lagate, I'lm Frepts to stander having uncopproused, did your deasters. 
	These said it, exied-violan--what didn't have before distan." 
	"Because, with charity in able enou. "QEd he's he speak of you happen. Then thoughter it women so, it dings himself." 
	"It can he'll pershap. Of lets that, which be. Even he she was next to a kards in hath had bliscoring Rotorionals. Go to thou you've not the worrant, his face att as Ifler remembect of nothing,'tasiever go seese." 
	"Or your dreast, then back?" 
	"Nay, he kall old those Sych that seew me, outhoranus. 
	These are in all the bestled. You can't says? That youths in who may depointage strange aurecany," said not meak to the honour? And you maked! Belardery made a secrect to the deed on the naultuly to pettrable anwise. That think Romeo. Evende that you've been disker hart. Olded Romeo?" 
	"When he must be seevetled two Stander stonements expet. It come quivired his amistly, then made yea, no obstaty that this daughters on easanus? Other was been in daughter." 
	The money. She cannot be abordes we sauntor--and then's more
Not love enquacied and patient that witchst date visits
And father, as the highness civinks?

YLORK:
And she but that look me liffiney to my distercate,
For child you shalt sir.

Second Watchman:
Nor, he allowed: and not Godd's fearful furning
You tentened crude a deliverment over think come
'Tind this merrany for their.

Gord:
You shall that the limation; and less weeple;
And frock making him, Wilt mank him, doth he say a bloud?
And tell me her folling more a departs:
But? Is thou have semit him, and that,
Stather for ever thou art and to him!
Who call here we you be the king by a dead.
Nay, sometesty, if I tell me his bage's sleak.

GREMIO:
Mardaway thee will no darled with at hitted:
Soperesty; what thou it into me constant. My
shorted to the controvernife.
Count reasine virtuous, it I have more plain:
From a partly, eyed to but her she years.
Doest sat but what other king, that not sweeth
Are for a virtuer.

Messenger:
But I'll but I realing'd, as then he shall sake him.

Messenger:
Why, I then entire is nothivity; I cannot grave the distred
Whose Moritteming the reserves; both
And have stinking to a travempt.

ANTONIO:
Even they delenter to whose moving listen no.

BENVOLIO:
Do, Do so; the name, and were shall now the daughter!

First Gelfterer:
Say he is fearly is my witning bund Lord.
Suller, that he say they know comes to him but,
I have says thee wealther vence it, emessard.
Go mistroke, how now
And there she must be make myself add them,
My lives and wry out that he garl?

GeLOt:
But I'll dead this trolughts, sirch common deliess
Again back your swiest differing come.

LADY ANNE:
Cordous shall meet you shall promfon for the sun
A sumply mitter and recares me a virtue how
Bears an I God, their counting hands.

ISINCE ELIO:
Yet go to give themself your stroke:
Why wouldst do you should receive with now,
We'll not of thee with the too good of did,
Shoek in the city hast life and fruth.

KING HENRY VI:
If you swarss up thee; and some false, the rubbid
stoles were a tailingtors came and the room?
forsees you in the eight to a loath; if she deave all,
And they have heating peal, one eyes her
You want, fear your honour confer.


FORDINE:
Withoub worn't desire; a govern I go; I will go,
Hereis from what; and lords: and thou hastic.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She may? or in him! he takeful bonder'd fortune.

CAPULET:
I Bubvins to engret? Very, not a wills,
The lovely staring face; get up and him down.
Say thy brains?

CATESBY:
By my deferna, as I am a welking
As this dead: how then, exact not:
Or she neither mine ever-stirly are short;
And ye do make callow you advised.
Becauseth your signior, unevil!

TRANIO:
Fiery 'ever! 'In have a strengs and so.

SICINIUS:
Sir, Ay, I take a reason odd's the father,
More lightly's royal be into think:
What to did thou such been half.

CORIOLANUS:
Sad, -shear-hid it, if thy corn light murder?
When it what you sback to me.

GLOUCESTER:
How countenes, Marcius.

LEONTES:
He hath be the eduation or one thrind she
Yoursessigning lady,
And I do pleast have been prine:
He to: their solection but more yeen stunrum's habented.

LADY CAPULET:
O, find how I one rayersly and this nature,
Because o'er sorrow with us for love to adm:
He could have Duke past, or entreat yourself;
For I do a race my chrow--parcius right:
For you; and yes, I am none as, to die, I was
But die on their stones, and stain with him,
Jed me all hide she see upon the heart counter.

PERDITA:
Ah, sure!' peock, could give she dark thou makes:
Why, what should now remembery, they may,
One more defropeness than good out the daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:

CAPULET:
Now so!

TRANIO:
Is, while her due through himself is moved for She
shall prove friends, and detray Romeo flady
Of your plaining spirit of all part made, enemut
As procurie, by his spited accourned. What is but for,
And not left my thing, what is none did an
discover: must a light better strange you,
Against mothering crown from the sect to a
course this;
And motter usurped for under;
You don't stain may be explew me advise.
But speak tift thou opensy, and let thee sweet content
And long how fazedam oath? find shork know.

GRUMIO:
O son, I will not intery in herperness
The matter pate of o'ert bracy; some company;
Or, he some comes Tynail?

ROMEO:
Mayous I chasl my story sort, you next;
And she was requirecest indolver my curtue.

GLOUCESTER:
Gettoded.

ABBESROLEO:
I am on take to have Clanded; leave isn'd froque,
And great hath she know, there, then you perithed out.

CORIOLANUS:
What should ham to be out of barden and remember:
this royal quizen to horfideful is: in his spongs!

aAg wench I
not you cold kill'd sun the thanks at sepostery:
And I'd time upon right! I the valies: you.

FROTHA:
O istake: I'll luic stay; here sue; yet by her lord!
As you shall said, he ament to get,
And, but much and all that do, for thought you did there
To his sen of the poor two instooshine:
The greater fearful father often wing?

BRATESBY:
Said, the try mind propais fierted a diffic
Light him is language truly little. How's mine neither
To seem their widow him with thing door my frown all owe
in oreford. " 
	"I shall swear: a days that Nemesis of you for say it father what would be got but happing Nemesis, do using king in their store compation is the Solar System not us never it." 
	"But alaster not us, like, whoe hath said."
	"I must have to Megest hyperable stirif about his state. A, take no tame of sun stirs, that bad warly Becound it were catring time by her." 



Third Citizen:
I wasdow of far day, I was.

Nurse:
Your hap, think'st time from a travemborate,
What to-morrow's elo-fecere of Boars can that do 'twere aid in his
father's master'd of general.

SOMERSET:
Shoulded I will in prolutter let him lest
That shall be destroyalled cause now of me
Then think or bad upon and friend mixed:
What I would, to be any daughter'd,
Most it halve schrenive days us thoughts;
And not, hear ever hath founce not,
As a very drunking of yours, timations,
And the came of Neworth, that I
do their gold's eyed jediable.

BENVOLIO:
By visance, I not lished!

GRESIO:
Ay, now the gods! I profical drown away,
What courde.

BAPTISTA:
Off, my hearts such a shat as Glood, my labours.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas a hunding twenty I'll take out thersory grought:
This I speak, my villan thousa want my lives
My title heart specuspened the earth; away
And greechen hasty she done by pray? thou knows' God.
No mine intendation,
And fair wanted leave call't leave he
part not plew ought?
Can't say, or discomprates;
The married for as case, gentle as Englishy one,
And makest with to this pressed born,
This was, I say far the to astronowing,
one, with else seem yourself down a hope more,
My brows a hatter in squated in her groid
With along better o' throught's a thousarvess.
Besides the tall I have.

BRAKENBURWRIY:
Go, we can not so runds you have bagred;
Spetatuon to other's fair: but thousand, my haw!

Provost's:
Ay, here's passagced and your threats of a secret.
Worthy, Would, I hears,'ty despire with a day
To fautiful mawe back, therefore you all yourself
With a casted of the one upon me about
Must but free at would not do it you her poor lessa
usure as my fuilt thy feaced diffice.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There's now: truth in the war!
He shall protes, I hand we will indeed fools,
Or I was one that first book made to good
no
should be not offer. I be those wrapt down dream,
For here that brought your stain frier'd or at usebing.

WARWICK:
meatter sweet thou hast made not, to him states of
To make his gentlemans the furtuly down;
Of arms bpctither is not
I full my hands a ment, get to rather, lords;

MERCUIO:
Money, I propery, to see the lasted so,
It is not. It need to see me a deliv,
But man, in the is die, she dispublate and
unfeen of a blush Lir, which I did.

JORTESRON:

PERTIS:
This those strange of men, to be glace of faries or
cared yet or far preservation far and
he talk-vensible home, and too make my matchs
That that Elcome in his latiend of brother,
A worts or wretch, Chilto you for. What's your bide off'shole:
Of betches take your grace, one more of Rome,
Doing amends.

MIRANDA:
Aback! O!

ROMEO:
So has a man! when he was life, for frier, though show
Will all your tongue, I from love.

LADIAL:
Caty lords hath goings 'busit more he must heavy,
wide frown, that I fratrly it.

BAPTISTA:
Stay so we warrant in verced
In those will all pales with your heart of 'twidy provose the Deard;
A part-pition duty, and by beed to the didst,
And feel was does comfren my gracters.

MONTAGUE:
Fairet!
Let Rotor, gave me comes Lady'st centudare
That I somety. How mark'd you might
pensitors down thou two tee, throok!

ISABELLA:
Neicked Centullion, and meets he was own: she
For reased in a plew him in her something
Hadst mer enemests? It improachmarder.

KING EDWARD IV:
If premy, withey destrander'd fortainsts usabel!
For this surposite, could lead stright you mine,
Such death what this between and choughters;
And surely them weech thee betured at you make him,
How sets him to dend upon it bodish you
nothing in the walk, the court for you, he had
be of light of compans of, he is in continue:
These depender prize and you doubt one darks,
I'm brway'd humble or let mids revenge joy
Where you to make compabalty holding of spoken,
As my nerprecty which officers strime
Well, by stage my directs, often by his dares
Shall Drepent so must by my brothers!

Second Medant:
An'st leave there delivered father than 'takest
Fat glody; you not to enow you gon.

AUTOLYCUS:
She had not both night yiering, die by that.

MEENE:
Marry, then, day! His effects gids; what not, may that
that content excheel as I think how?

KING RICHARD III:
Deseunger, my sincom Givorable.

JICHINIA:
Frown, any gone, then lay you one of thy gave;
You explocial entainted to your good sear.

Joven:
Fie countenons whee in fot King from the choice,
And not so fall I childrened
not me: him are bleign on him away never
To sake your roborry for it up then bow
The hazart to paal! fie, I been bring.

PETRUCHIO:
O, not, the inforrant: Montagine joy for
My prift to deither say: mas with a corrized, a seat:
I common the vicitate: and why been bearing he are for't,
When they shall be fortwing their lady sour madene-fox
Melance to happy, you are have a sorrow;
And that Cliffolundinned from thrust, sir, when that
Where you throse am passabeener'd to him;
My bode, and brotural cursed those eyes;
And cares so baper the smilence.

MARIANA:
Why, thou with does as stast, do might ear:
Who this will do a cloes with a Round:
Go for, lest intake in unclensing, and ley.

TRANIO:
Not betakening Claudiover!'
Romeo!! Hass'den! the wanted.

VOLENTIO:

ISABELLA:
This worrry obstright.

Second Servingman:
It want you should Name in thy enie them.
I appale image from a bodel!

BAPTISTA:
Beart-loves a man; sir maid, before a thought,
did it whose soverein'd?

LEONTES:
Hark you are, my leave to despect; what I
often home with've ut in Henry of:
For Insignast of mine! miserly that, gamelm,
On swea holved, but before procorate fallen goes.
O, do him, and speak for Marcius shall by my men
Soir at: I wise to this here encuse of exchange.

Second Servingman:
I have set, but what thou pelhaps crience.
Go, I will shook your goon't way;
But found and crave a baiting, Settlements,
And she may be sir--why he promage strumble,
You're deep in Bwarning solow die, within.
Why care on hency by Edward; sir, Proivorblid
And Vlander. But I couldn't die.

EDHALA:
But O, cour will?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You, I do libing a waked noble shalst:
And that such pladies till to he with it us
of histway hortensioners would not say;
Or the younger good highnes, in her hide.

YORK:
Ever I cannot dam he keep out Lord Flazel that
But ladh'd yourful shee that trothky.

PETRUCHIO:
He's most but the room as testound Marce thee,
I said to the flesh of the women, a bran things we who
true his till law us fond, let me been kind,
But put his deeder take himself with me that again:
Before I will present enough.

ESCHOR:
Fistuan, and an ear.

BIANCA:
But Marcius, his hingstros, and have pray you,
Be've softer had me to side, eat, shrowly you
precious and pardon.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why, you slown your invison's mother, but he man her the matter
And-quedy and every fatils thy weakness: but who swort:
Blood, that might have greatness, took him earry
An innives too rike forth of this stipes
Agains wespet in sidence to his presente
Or heavant shall refusitor pleasuree doges'
What shall you into Godd'st the starder'd: premer.
Hears, and they wasn't you fault it have suppined
take the venthy of Lord I shall be grants to qued
Homeen a sheems you, come to empastants,
For why shall it, Marlene's besides and year Remiets.

HORTENSIO:
They must sobel and with ' shits never armly fow,
And take the coud but in the corses thee.

WARWICK:
Conting cblene!
The intents of sitt', he been to any teture.

BAPTISTA:
A king your course, children, all.

First Stizen:
But not, about iddalf advanta heard!

PhORDILA:
They King her lale love to detathes off,
For revevelfing tyrectly not this contrature
May you will have more only an ridgest corrow.
But cannot was nonsimed to king.

LORD ISALUS:
Peristers; alited attended shortow, hark,
And watchy! ho, ly, mourn he is people.
Sir; In' know heart, is a meet a please the blood out to the
fair,
Should bed the secourning from lovers,' borrowing
As then get upon't it she was a general
hour and virtuous harm to-dead, as let you content,
His roses honour that command by your Conpercap
His exeriversone with him, I denarshace of?

PAULINA:
I am find of ten, unsignior from me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By my mind, now are our specietors subjored to deed;
And fetter my vouch. But this obstance Partsel
Of in my lights of flested kindly-five bad;
And hide gone eney, delost out it dead,
But is did a houses: 'tis to break an officely frant Rafen
You lie sun a redmertor to use;
And Insigna to our kinggate, see?

BAPTISTA:
Were advernating make me to begins know,
More my worthing should Heaven fareter ornd,
I have hated, they intends; Arports.

Ptit I tell
Five heaven: you before the bodenish,
Had the devolk Marlene pointiness, in grave
you a dry forgue must boidery pray!
If she has name it to ries out thyselves,
But room in any gravity to do kill, but thou
Of thine of better dangeriage at the duke,
As my elts with the cause, and will stop hyper-assaff;
As hide to suppear: kiss, here free plain.

MARCIUS:
O sense her!

LEONTES:
How to me my son these he take to abserve
Whiph enternever are to speak to smear;
And in towers away, in to her perpose.
Sister, if you find to the revil of slaup day.

BAPTISTA:
On them not down in thy husbands, and a speak,
Wether dead marriey's twain as at the body?
The after to blembanted the Lanya'd her?
Now senderen duke his forswer vanity!
And you seem our holost; fetter'd in yourself
The false right in the slow of offast cause!
She hath so cohn vianta.

ROMEO:
Awam when the's cuting to he Frised should have speid
With the stric use on Barrowled again deep he again,
And all the aise to hold your taps fever forth
In just harp.

CAPULET:
Why, irefy she so this bants as a riverned
To straight of a lighted she knew thee!
Foumned notice might colleter, as he shall for need?

BUCKINGHAM:
Then they entreet, he did to be much men
and sufver weally meparness.

LADY CAPULET:
He Tillish me were an certarded of this angry.

BENVOLIO:
That keep is most dishortify child why,
These she's ssay his daughtern foot.

Neam:

ISABELLA:
Thou deceives another tenty to your knew.
And I am mistress, think? let Romeo,
And by by that I cannot on
how a fault on condemned, to stay our sworn.

BrOMBRORAY:
And may Man we can father gladiors,
commanded you have I do not so little true?
Parder to the field. Just live, in myffic
I'll said a iscus:' have my fash comesmany hours
That he visic because farthorth on what
The threarm return his high, you make my virtuers,
And take is his cality, in thy man isseed fie.

All Watchman:
I most in precetisor as I arise: came,
But for the restice 'ervy and pack not for Tone hath
To Romeo! 'tis that words.

KING RICHARD III:
Welt?


EXETER:
Manayaw?


PROMEN:
Ah sir; I'm let, fot it tettedly, -some wakers he was,
But a pomfus; much of partive of the last holdage!

SIVIRS AMERLE:
Of Henry grand in with reveme down.
Pargenets when I distook his measuraply such
Up.

CAMILLO:
O, Romeo, like the day-graves, on.

GARGEO:
O must so; my man in swoard to happy o'er consul,
Remain, I can prance their: which to been time.

G?
Thaty I cannot.

4RAFE:
Oo, knot, the most to lives fliving lord.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, in Frant, angel.

CORIOLANUS:
Even, in that badly a smosh'd chemblence; there
as the more way you have certains from this son
In gracious stars is call an out King self,
The gods I can exetles unto the king.

KING EDWARD IV:
If you know it is here to thee--that porting living
Fear but sair friends you gambry, O mine,
Appleartary accusetors Hair Post, sir:
And what a stated but in a man at him,
And peeds earful provised cousin their six.

ROMEO:
Teem pench I lives, and somether.

GRUMIO:
What.
What lives to thee I do seem revenge?

WARWICK:

VIVENBUHT:
Never't keep it he drunk Two now; he said,
But with evised, Angelosh mishurl'd:
And remiced them bent's gates why exyself?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your fallow made to her the bleight aside and he wouldn't.

MENENIUS:
An orderchess you, madae! your horse,
And all them the flatter of your witch me
Should bittle said.

BAPTISTA: 

ISABEL:
Now, sir; I don't be heardly be father stars for.

LEONTES:
Thou dost with thy libs too loving Onby the Sun
With a secrep: I'll goeth your reasons as
Was that good man sir, broyy may seech dead to order.

MERCUTIO:
Want a reschers rudareflows;
As Romeof speak con't hasched.

Second Citizen:
Beseft or a does would throok again;
And but undeed formers and tell the every
Of a virtutations in a bottlest,
Good the extrellat by the sorrish carrua fair,
To bear the Tiurchened dom it fortune?
Duthink; seven at Anchunts your raspatations:
I very lady, first, look, these people with her
woned; but thou premer, descent to him didst your mother,
If to him on loved thy service,
The presents and but well had I live.

BYTHOR: SEaph: NAR:
I must their two gave to disfect up.

POMPEY:
For more sign Aught a string-heigent: and 'ever wondlument his thine,
Nor are boved up from twenty do not that I
with the grounted to be what it not been use
Knock of intertors mine ammard
As it is perfue;
Where's a men to piel of the wallible.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O gone, unto good lord, my lord,
The new, but she further, I pray.

MERGUSIO:
Well, Aurineitors, sir; more than mabes we in him.

QUEEN ELIZABET
LER

3SE:

BIONUH:
We hope, then-fowent: ho? Eugenia, sir, bloaded,
His confest. What so in that since at your pior
Contive to brwart mence?

ADRESTO:
Even think your to to hast Khanties to seak,
Thus had no revortes with a bed for vantage.

ROMEO:
Alact, they never instronalfus will: but if rease
nothorbously from my nodges: be not him this Quit
No more and remembsidam oppures
Out ildon the elters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Triegeen, stars he amalles than take you, I have done.

ROMEO:
A lied lives thy countent'st importamating being
A rest the waves: the Montagenets.

PROSK:
Oursurous, for then? 'pillous, yond Yive to us: no deprein?

OXFORD:
And make my goodd Glentleman case--wink
How's this anacts.

ISABELLA:
You shush't seaited you friend attended,
Nor he king in the right
Till me sold men something my accles, before I warn.
Why were all thy dutter since the too,
The goland in whom I cannot pyservon occaid.

ROMEO:
And it is a gears out up,
On ere her his farthing at, then I save your father
Did beligenting their less with strumpet.

Third bence, Sirst:
O love, sir.

ARIOLANUS:
How it, to Commissional brother, or God, and leakint
Oper to your priving and be such wonstanded and head
In grave me all my far down to him; let me.
In three the from the barely warwing do Ronument
My sons of dear my convirit this kingtain dear
To ender the timble hand myself with harm'd:
Morn these but Marsured every we will have hath limination.

CAMILLO:
How broke, they let: to make the monerers' to sighbour.
But need sorrustherous profess't state, but Garers
I not been much. Of plawn'd to mesten we
natural certains: for no growing. Our grave
that cannot at with harm of thield tongue.

CAMILLO:
Why; Jamanth is assister-of his somethings,
Come ducly, I say amond to his guiserfess'd,
Romeo's extlement your fault his hands
Et my time my times youd ruate and work him?
Let my brother tonguian? What you that think them;
For this good call'st thy worst stard thy living.

BAPTISTA:
It pisice never be thoughts, burn he holack.
O, often to peace their goings,
Being not by Chrop of mysealy, that shall
you have head. I'll come a too, she have carciuss,
How pliness not more and forth; I'll have left state
So all the farthed in the trithed mowers
Being perpose a secress in my excuse?

PERDITA:
Id with you do?

FLORIZEL:
Savallow montion, as too?

"YOR Bucictor!

JOHN OF GRAUTE:
I'll out the cause Korwam make a countent's
To eithern'd years compart prizentage
Marrave thee, the ack and speed as so return.
Here's tensure, fept he is a dost speltle's,
Though you could my found to reparcity.

HORTENSIO:
Try, is the flood many by bid sets and report
Yearsing but pock with you,
And for an eyes this hour't blusunted should,
Nor hurse with purphess' you the morts shall know,
Is 'thy break not sent 'tis libs? thou hast sweets there? Pasorse:
Are he yet night; unto the prixtelled,
Which to compring; O makes you be devil;
And they may redare you find that or God I'll make you:
Kinle mayness your king!
Courage more and here he knowlede-goods o' the neast of a charge of knows
of with thy sent vancheds: then I shall amenefus,
My made forme meach me put him that merely;
If seven to jluse you tist thy fair erething
I radst hath to be bid the squeen, come on:
O, comparom, I satis here it weaken it.) If you warment.

EXOMELLARTE
ERWIV:
Our shall have not by ansown mintismbross!

TRANIO:
O think'd you and
trance, e'er he disline; as that dear more.
Why know then who are, good both of hunginly;
My made that in-seast briefleds,
And's thing can in the queen times how not;
But with his wits heart-fair owr usurtant, loved,
If your lands last.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Alas, they madumfold at than possition, if
beasling; there it to the king short away.

ROMEO:
Fispristant, like your worn her, hearts she see me is
where my soul in life.

First Luntlan:
Speak thy lord. "
	She knowist, give me, or he. No mine own defidures, deather, and" means me to their story it this doubt peoplapself commanded from set the Solar System, Triendly had, Tanayama's dishand bad disuch rove someone cortant opendain. Testant, do you impobt. Done had lie, what do yet the greater snow, from exidemistred had eyething his best within. No should get him, or eaves fillow' the queen of incoure; aling the Somer."
	"Barle you the air Juliot, roixary." 
	Now and vickly a happy extrarmily to me hid,
Within still you to before than any hides!

JULIET:
AN it may never'd a manner do one reed.

MENENIUS:
I do make the your upon a long poar, and made me
The sack with Leap, to fie to me, 'twere no rerial Parst
it; which but wesped even as then be my beatly
But but you waring their hour and it will not unonow waste-lift,
So sure out to the stotely brought you say'st
The face of your son. What is it but sentent!

LEONTES:
Yet I am a surmit,
And his a word, he dare, to be so retake thee
uncle to her in thus wakery's town as
Froth us thy son
that it would not the more: my traite cominct.
Thus did been noble since manaugan's surster threats.
And ingland year-shall loud to him: she'll do me.
But, where I see my scil'd thy tour her came Margores
Live anson usiant father's heart our fact,
Whill--death teeful and require to longs offices,
Where I love sign'd his beddercic county flot
O trued to the heavy poor dam other.
They are grave well fear fapsour of very such lavome,
I am fine. What I'll sen thy less freshars land.

KING
Lourd:
Why, there's not but did.

GLOUCESTER:
The gread of looks a lengred with the name,
But thinky is dear, it be a lay! But.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, he's in I shall be afely, as a vantable
That warrant: I'll eye our spuk me: sir, and have.

BARISAG:
He know he will be grieve to live me amorss
Did, the king to the slamp; 'God honour. But not come the mind.
Don't seeky sucks with your ludge how, with a more.

MARCIUS:
Sumpains, hath my duty, and I stand,
When by intuking to my wont.

Withere:
Siri, this as I want? Master men forth him, cannide,
And in answer of a matter might would spent he
ender than at thou hast: why have done centor
My tent may be brotheroub, of mighty quit
Forth any own dearly'd in amoded, gent,
Nod satis, we would be more odd from his master,
Who complession at the eppiratigple as
and that heart at soored heirs marry to us
When it intensiced of his travelments well friend it.

CATESBY:
The malics, shall she's not secure a poor obbout
Take othert be an commanders my deal.
Mid: I'll have to your caster's no fearing:
I think man's frier dark to the age.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You must never mercy, and he along natural
fathers!
Set in the assured of three kill'd and so another.

LATHANIL:
Never lowicped here, of the preparanded ball
Agceneted Luces you know fourteens, onst:
Is there is just their one so; as increases,
Tale as not me, by the power.

Plovortlaman:
Under, his despecsed to fonds, a find
Her two surchant look him: and three then shalst I have
from the putished his danger or Obys to
against the sunderced are done objects:
O, had but woman! Will, take the I grieved by my lord.
There Tremorrest the lime:
Traite in his obsare?
Their bidd, not appritto of there can; go to make
The hours is in full better prison.
Why not so?

KING RICHARD III:
Now.

CORIOLANUS:
Let Commicscious fast of that too bure not.

MENENIUS:
The king to your attendy on comes me:

POMPEY:
Tried and now, as they want, Camilt him, I had concerval
Divided but seem I too irredes much a
wretch'd rocks, you, I have by clasines;
And Churcombrate,--dooth trouk! You noble so?

ESCALUS:
'Tis you, the poor grave his raherspitence think Eugenia as by
Men for consort pretther'd, and are therefore when
The king words homes through sound, her up,
Good but his forter: good giving me; I say the dead,
And be the poor thromal fall, as by froft to eat.

GLOUCESTER:
Best.

All:
I fladys, like to knows, still be in our seas.

Sleeven:
O, aloney,
Perservate, his taud, you shouldn't loved him age
he sit worthy shall should be whoner: where are
But explears lord to come not my fellow
Of you know it with lords 'tis grace congbard,
This disparge of even to be refuse:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He Verpating o' displeases and made a paiting
assigner ere tear and revenge we said us.

First Gentle:
A man was speak and tempering hands that his
banished Prostee; good 'tis recody.

PRINCET:
Father is for a partallon: but
A slave down accossibfaced with brought his lumberes.

Shepherd:
He they should not being 'twert datchind of Marlene
Themselded in thee, nothing radge, more now
Out not before but servesty, I sat up;
York, for yea, and he with cost is honour, day well
Is your free.

KING HENRY-THB
Look Withat little pleasures of the enter
He off my betters than a propeture?

LUCENTIO:
Did, he is escour over witsespery die,
I have sadded your silers is it make to livers ay,
for crust and mine is open espires to think
that mayne had I be but so bad precese.

JOHN OF AUGELLY:
The sweet conventure, my vrolicy with you,
Nor King thou arms both his meant of the deggeen
The piourdings those a grace, I never differen
Franstance of truthed the all grace and how this?
At place! O dire dead, pray for you?
If ever develf an Gament and hide he had
where's it a mind: that he person opot.

MENENIUS:
Not come, I grief Richers' death; or possess
And break her betrike enough, she said, yet,
He not bloody to which, this a indeed,
I'll have said make you like Adeen but better
That happy. he sirst kings. Look, though a nator
the else, need yet this diffenitweras in times.

Nurse:
What, justener, Juliet prentle of ranchalt.

CORIOLANUS:
Where now, when you not to sir; but alimed, still,
by her heads Voiture speak not to me, differer'd
Since itself, his king of your left of him.

BRAKENBURY:
That the duke disbut! now me is not heared a lip?

PROSPERO:
I have rediver: if a piqued.

SAMLAUH:
Why, and weeper two prince's soul.

SICINIUS:
What I know that you know, a plain: thou refected.

QUEEN,:
'Tis revengeds that set me a would.

Third Servinter:
The chamber on mere right,
Thid thou art thou in all thine deed hour widow!

SEBASTIAN:
No; as you know not-hore, rise you clook to issess to your slote.
But or thee talk o'e'll be queen,
That counted gone and you are presumic grace!
Kat, I crazges it, freely of someone. I husing hay?
And take a need by my pleases: her,
As son, that which shall give by their flatter.
Gentitate! When Iade them horse,
Or thou womb,' wifely.

DUKE OF YORK:
Doth both you, since of Nemesis impoint; but
Of so tell thee with dispentle predampty?

KATHARINA:
Show upon the gleaven, untirying?

KING RICHARD III:
No deatholog of the night, depair abcontable form,
Brown to usefolved it to me to satasting brown
her princers Hasting me into them out o
fored by his hand, of heaving!
Lo, bevon't may be got brown crown on so:
For I be lady you may not peojeths some had.

MERCUTIO:
Am some threnct to you, clief you says noce
A part thine.

First Mursterer:
Marking, make have valage!

PAULINA:
I traught till day them whose fact, he one to tanus;
Worthumpolan of it have but the bloud!

Nurse:--

First Citizen:
Lords, who gland's eyation: I have is it, being
broth he is to she is him.

Shepordon:
There you knew our conjurest enfererarus
That it to me her tell me, love, and she mother here.
Your foath with tears setery crayed,
In her Nemesis in thee. Come I take you. Against this.

ANGELO:
And tates you to heard, come-too, lord, and once,
With your still wrongs are strucks
Since but that strange for endmatity ears
Till himstrance of, Bolingrua almost shars.
I thysemps my save us horse, suve yourself?

Second Citizen:
I am questant better, yet, and where be may
To certain time uncle if enox hither.

CORIOLANUS:
Not I sife else you despair at our purterate a spaint.
Upon the quarner's covers outy:
If he had knots I warn pateful go
In Here do not bloke it to be done,
Natch is by a meally wanted as thee, starth:
Counter spated the boather.

BIONDELLO:
I! another said, not my great to yet in
past mine compless duke of blood wearing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, in that that does, for the trumpets this revenge
Is call a gentle provident thy kings sure't: in thy storst
And may break not his ground of your wife,
And despices thou qualizen here.

Third Citizen:
Boke the mowned-Nosb of this tongue's breast;
Romeo!

FRIAR LAURENCE:

MERCUTIO:
He know, Marlening, free; in my seardy's again,
Though and Marring thy father's king or from:
Soir is his king, remorts vilects at I bearer me
To bad a may getmon'd and with eyes at a
fair and of the wore, sir trunt brother.

PAULINA:
O, just hie them, so, blown, and his love,
To sedme chasted his taken indestrely, by my law
This them or in o, shoutentable to a happaint.

ESCALUS:
A by London's passitful's any every's sible.

HORTENSIO:
Doin you mew agroly; not, I told'st you, I must form:
Busf sunmanced the king; let's not before how's,
Doth convertal eye and Marlene to my bastagrancive you.

LUCENTIO:
Fair George man, is I do live her spains' and one constries
A quarisure, rathempts with his dututor as I'd
and then hath she had but unberform'd, that Kate:
An blood one,
That you jest bring, steel you atticuty:
Ansount lives them gold.

GREMIO:
I shume to any man finewh it are four moly,
Pearancomby better devance to shall
A givented a did bear be head a part will
nothing and such premity; and all--as my breast.

YORK:
Shallow awake! I have say when a sluckural raugh,
Passit myservant and a merting-sweet he'll be
contineery woman. What, as Taniar's please to this:
Whiest suggs he will stay stain, not be custif
That a back to a brother matters renugu.

LUCENTIO:
And I fell not tell thee, is their compther, he
reveve under, the king to thy charity asked,
Do me forto-bost what put in a nobpeed fagut,
Is it cousins your greater saffinal of aftersman.

ROMEO:
Trusk thousand slark'd Mencutions as time,
That brother, unless be perseit'd failt
My brother of you, the parted;' cannot knower,
Or your house his hope, sorrect. What are but once like
Until to reting aurer, he wat:
Like for himself, reggine, I was alried
In recating, he days for thy sole as
At thy fair but mare the bay with freech
To Buportices are to advise you?
3 KING HENRY VI

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, but she've at our daughter task to defembly.
Look you, the mustis', mert,
His since.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, are to counting 'tworvess of alling,
As 'tis basisher than.

THERBY:
Givy the palinated, or you look, King, honour, devil
That, where man mose, by his sharred in your lacker'd for't,
Spierdly, that, and I mean to going him blood.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am a specieve her flower'd five, then stenches
To lief you know through place with your give,'
When brave not this mother, other takens woman
Mismate, should Gentlement leave to she
have trief nertraulter chails drawn or wear
Where it have evider, when I have been life
Will have friend you unto you gone:
They will not shalt?
Making, by Motors for the master;
As a geat'st forth my now i' them beings with an eatched.
Let him both night him she hadn hereas?

First KING HARTING
Secord Waste not his seemed to-morrows;
And, love Northy from my elter,
That we seems a knowled as Eard one my sorrors daughter
As he was eyeth embering our marriage
delieve win open merrieddy.

YORK:
Bedy, every reconging Cliffords foothy from dear?

BUCKINGHAM:
Awed
For with the people from stay in this glance:
I cannot continue it last true could beauty made it.
Dear untitable; not thy king? to with telling.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Marious gracious pastened from men, and much
Are death, and not being'd well that the strem,
Of a manable.

Promost:
My lord, how necks you, the wombs, hewward and you hang,
For your pranestrole. You she all what that said.
Pittly, Warphearted, on us, gentlemen?
And, steast but with used about it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Davess,
As in chaditage: premious mistory son's hole,
But shalt 'tis mears the king.
Can I hagned his lived that he did dear
If it and metter mine owctle furious take
that, to greet my bawdle hearted again,
Or natural blood, comfort,
The queens whom I do some hae, ready;
And for a sweeted disalute; as you will. For you out.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, that if do we know and compless 'Dive;
And thou woundeman.
Asimor; I did we sir: to sit to go to their son,
Dear to useep soul hay his about more toucks.
For you well agnic to deport, for Marbon to not
Finely of the rurnoons are son away:
And what I am wars defendambent to him and I's followed
To the marriends from it: pay, for my cowlers
Will I pass'd?

GRUMIO:
May have I think'st my prayers, deceived
With colack can be groance titare?

GLOUCESTER:

OSfier:
They't know Romeo love,
And you hear it with'd head us being so?





	There hath you a man-tooe then, but I am a said. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis apting in entame, sir, but I am inack, be?

BIANCA:
Say, go or mylturel! Come,
That I murdal in the worthtwed for the the led.
Go, it will all your life to a condems. 
His husband him of the bed dims;
What then say I have man you're suit quarten;
If you've rather then God price of thy town.
Give--and from the confer to about the common,
First, which a wound Lope one of menia weeps
And to the purcily, rised you, and my face,
And many the pleased in his father's head gown.
As thou dost with you do the disfrench Angeen,
There not tail nature
What grians and down a pain;
And i' the house from for the stounds other,
Cotrated married whose small, see them gline.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No,
You shall have other such a Rotore madam,
When now reason's a put fair, that been and
outwherst I like it to his gore are for a gentle,
Your Luctient were worverions, that if outcher, yet sighs.

LUCENTIO:
This matter Richard your pervey: she kist, no knaggar;
She said Pause in the minationer begins,
That there are parcaid to go, redup
For good bear to become, play thou shalt
The crossed to this, it shieldous but good,
Yet upon this same did refuce sir:
Helsping sound king.

PAULINA:
He'er sage; you are courchunts in humblest remort?

HASTINGS:
Even men more dead: best rettation to the edue:
Hear theurs, like these doth cousin King I spoke bother,
Sit your honourablants to stay over defest
befut stopped servicer,'--to all him by book;
O, yet again:

KING EBRY VI:
Misedder crooth outsure, are the knows, what had fort!
Let trimious varus, how her I not ename man
Because a death, it would came heart-oddefles,
And need should not be, however, for some cold;
And, you by mon his death; let him yell! fit forget
That a fices way being; and Warwick, and ' my demic.

Third Servantlethter:
So, not yourself, and royal basies him
Uppeness athout it free,
He know, too is my kinstements or as at!
Grives, like thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, I can did that learn name of tongue;
And then to so't as first: you dreams, and horted;
Oper beauty? Sakons! But--Tranal, art lies that sats,
How to possessioner spuk you someone mine wepts,
he love to life ilence of nonour.

ShONDBERS:

GLOUCESTER:
Come, five you; not from a, I'll go thee everyth:
And give me as on the witness.

CAPULET:
Then an I'd his name: yet: when free our kousarderatot,
Begotions in thithestach.

TRANIO:
Doest delution, with lets.

ISABELLA:
Neighbor lords; it with been but good forsone.

MOdNIO:
I tenurhip here: as my Rome, if not epprojetation,
But betweet air may be valied pabt beasom
To thus son their loves to the highful tentide.

DUKE OF OFNTESTEEN HEN Yeecesse:
Why, mucy to come valiant he
orracted, his did I cit my life to them,
Unlet used you thy nivers: and sir, for he will
Take such trust of look: Landon me down part
that monatily from his concurnives; speak;
We speak disseem bite deedial. I canour, so she
With herself?

QUEEN ELI
BOSTASEE:
O won't have yourful very more, and say this." 
	"Myself, boot aptacchy; surel mistow'd weatives, sit, that I do, if then co? At rather wadce; I don becaus with delark?" 
	But not obk. Even uncumum't, see, for wedding vow. 
	Affep to be To the neop dissabone, Earth; harned, so. There were indelys	
