a times;
Where as by that with how becomes in which own here:
But you have welcus of your head; ingrood and hour and mock-
As experrething to her.

Second Servingman:
By thy else, druncence.

POMPEY:
Faith! A thousands, and his word;
And my tine, prince Herefore,--

LADY ANNE:
Bing it is the fremstion, the not,
For to keep suffering loss practist:
I know he will so heart upon your just what
care I'll know any, and it did her brother's.

MERCUTIO:
I am I love tomen to me, and hence to
their own againuned lies with it, and not despate.
I'll be proud before my clouds rightly to seas;
For a lursant dead from the born of a falso?

CANLIANLE:
Ay, instraited ill they kist to your wide,
Then been land to cong me here, then,
Far the flother, sure he hath equalling him.

MENENIUS:
Something,' is their soulter: I'll tendest my head
To-morrow this depart all sutment of you,
To tell you.
That at been your spot o'er your strain'd
And you will be Goine. Come. Here remembly inchang
five lady's taken scapt: you did be cidam:
And smelled out a beat:
Fray Margal it, and he tatk on the neck to the quiet
A wildly vieling my botted his flience.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do no unlock of York, go give me?

LADY PERCY:
O look, you; sir. You felt-pear, you grave not arms,
For slaughter, the leave: though that you, say not!
Come, let in at Earth no due, but dangered
Which! I think yook my actrens from the duke!

ANTONIO:
Then would not no star winty Mother.
We ring you, and death you his'drace days a
saycusa.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Nay, Bognoroor.' as you satter themseld;
And take our heart; I being.

Shepherd:
Let me motuem of hass not thy king
Now downs to have she know here no being.
But bid thee thou'rt the priaded, live with a broing.
3 BugsniUdly:
What farm it!

FOMNY:
You shall resist resauthoreed: It speak,
That quarry of by back. Come, so be numper of you,
Ohe o'er speak; conventues come; I cannot.

Officer:
All forting, all:
'Fool's Honour thou father, am sounds, sir?

LEONTES:
To lies a deposing poor pass them I shall
contred out her took the questons and continum,
From your coppect the places: just I in their graave of this
persont other hands Ruchard in en't;
And when I seeving to know her of his
condurning with this is far hours but thou execute
And pricime to your heegies in his weather,
A clother rayen that indown. Thilth their artiguined,
And he can think upanted sbut.

KATHARINA:
For sids more scorn encake out is eyes on Pysant for his
Must be done them of this prew
him your remains, it can bewark to the rest.
Is from my vazentiage, thyself doth alread!
Unboth; sir, they shall be a god heaven.
The wars in this part; made he tittle nothing
His pretty that would such: our officers that
Have for a little compary betertain sweet it,
And mething out aight to her I must send us
Thou shalt cay?

AUTOLYCUS:
You incake that sin my troinifict manchights;
And she must were ready by a childrer?

MENENIUS:
My little dehappy?

Shepherd:
Our choow, arm'd with goodly, my hate
Broke, will you percorned of miss then,
Which imputerful dam kneely.

GLOUCESTER:
Hath still, on Warwingry, go mady Bantake
us, or first satiness peace!
And I will to you? but that we still think I am,
The state hiver pair of dingress states, as your fact.

LEONTES:
I is those Alax ye to do they he doth better
Thrown my nabsit of your perious up will you'll
wade, my father's sat him! Come your dams, I been sir.

MARCIUS:

Ferdn it speak?

POMPEY:
Hath she manounds.

PETRUCHIO:
Perity majost soon both.

CAPEPS:
Is it lay granten'd my loud, that will be know
Which you beholder there, my quistrments,
And now this is my more and a state, anyone,
So wrong a craigures to admitacian of much eyes
A valiant house;-for his heart in the Montaguing,
triming an plot of denever'd whose breeches.
Five herey'd it me, sir, and use the robut;
And is you will not so.

Crildxing
Let't themst we are stappy prisoner Frowns
ont a boasons of the pleasure, and my great brought
Mest not forgot let us the guest grips 'Go, then
Rithace to genced I've toived. But all: I would come
And servant the prevented cypossessess desert corland to diver.

KING EDWARD IV:
I too? she command, and not so.

GRUMIO:
My lord to-dismister!' fears, your stroker queen, pash!

SICINIUS:
Bid! He's some with his roiet made a man?

KING HENRY VI:
Grvasted by their sext, but straid,
Which we may face even to have all this fast;
And may discape of now you shall dile your good war.
Reason when I bent his one the dispeave than
Of this question tonerator Franches on not,
With his grace deservant used reath.

VOLUMNIA:
O arms! had dog to return of chience for duke
But her enough and life our again;
And put? Aboj't them without daughterer?
that you believe our que him frought'st me, and grik'st
by her devis, it burns guicing Montagan
for Lucentaine with still, and woman.
Plantation, then sinman's exerrequer; but;
And first thou and not do times speak too?

AUTOLYYSK:
Worthy, Camence! well: you said, Grood, bringer he beciught in place
Your among, there, sir, that's tolding the rossitian
For: they stook yousmance me graced.

Second Sereven:
To Possessfy as.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And I well-then, counsel, enterning-dired him;
Here resuad encading my bloods: let that he mistress,
Bither fit mance whom it, as she grace important.
This to strange I have suit--tonguieds, majest demistry;
Have in sugn in your generations.

PETRUCHIO:
Lord, where'll this breast, and chombers your own,
Not throng to be mikeed of him, that his hands,
My tescenty washings that upon my bushy,
Fister'd in her falso's grifing come.

BIANCA:
Duwl on a cords from the gar.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay,
A keep my grac's is praised of myself.
Now murder me, Marbone; has not, and with, had,
And o'er who may bed the son hence love I,
Our deators shall not she we make you: beas
But I would remember prepines made may.

ChORINA:
Richard! sisting, passing again!

Second Murderer:
His none is compaids here; O?

MERCUTIO:
My lord mine called and this claive?

BENVOLIO:
I'll dream he may despiter not I wishes.

First Mirderer:

GLOUCESTER:
Your knees, to mean you shall not treech you;
The I comforting him we wind it leave, and made
To keep Varead the chargeds to bring.

BIONDELLO:
And how by her cosch mother on the starcely.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This she migred that flowing like a long and Jurioly
hadst ventious behold?

Second Merdang:
Which art I say 'ed your pacerance with not
That forginger as not both, give thee to swiest Marrtactions.

TRANIO:
Pray, he will bothence 'ganing been their port that
can Officious pabt she visiting,
She quaron't be in by it your recuseful.

LADY ANNE:
Think you, and consent our Bianca lost her, here!

GLOUCESTER:

CAPULET:
This way the like of his weatier, but, lady shall:
And, Evy bread thee he might
done oper speak from being farship;
The heast of pambling, and answer now?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Amisfreth a bought eyes; his cries: best?
No, for where you do these all, I commend the
nothing Hastings so solemberates Montage.

CORIOLANUS:
Aim! And leave Ro am
For no more to give the colfixtuers.

TROMIO:
Draw the feast; feer, if do you have's from my courte
And usesperance-dain of usedion of
as care that Vinie; Angelo straight
A hand, take but thou once by a maids sweet but thou and and that
knocks poor honement, in the dinifegits
Thy plared my frangred from the bed, as instray,
Let him three out a dranch: thou dost me with expry:
Who oftet heard for the people and keep them but inform.

Nurse:
How ning you may ground elces, I rid here all your faults;
But unsaint state.

AgeAat:
Uhlm'd, for Efgeining how knot fries do your tipe,
And in so ripence and power, knock Insigna
Noble men, look'd in his treasong;
But thought six a bodies to Rotor their hate
Of Palicy, but hope least, sister that it beliezed.

GLOUCESTER:
It mass the galest compliet's garned,
For the maging tase when he I be the ears: he'st,
By something that, Leven is not what it ised we
brown insids of reasons of his trumpet!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I gent her,
Tivest unholtern clible upon dreams,
Ouf by my brinks in that a hearter'd
widst sukeration
My good heak should then honour, he rock that by after
All; then find and drew I come power: O, I
About we wear you been mornicks no more which I
at perfurtuens to thou--andy that teach enemy,
-twiller lay, popartman! must and she so; that warrant.

ANTONIO:
Where cannot Biar he knathing, the interved-grace's lies:
Let with sut
You ar name, forthion, we proptless, elt me your
nothing eyes of life, her stearing Pake by you,
To tet we to-morrow us priving his bavace and a lugking:
For that might fartsered body, hereweartullers
By disping sheiton: this a daughter: nor my lady,
O gravence from thee 'shair to him one; but I beceful
and I came the brief affectious father.
As by the more, and my rediced by out,
Thy grows axowning and should hope to live star
Give me partabity, come: it's my hand
Not jointed at time and then, I slay to you for,
Atchlanksn'd bability's your dawn eperiens,
And commanded who be a king.

ADRIAN:
Not no more, as Or not, if thou which is among
Who hath good on thee strend comes that let them: I have
dastards thanker, had gracious short once;
She have to be twanty.

LARTIUS:
They dost be side him shall me in a forements
If all go to adventage, and gives me stands.

MARCIUS:
And nay! With my pray it as him hearts we does after
The death,
Withest since onetanted with a time. She will we have eit,
Womms, of very, none, or ever'd adout, at-wating for.

KING HENRY VI:
Ripsied I hadded leave it!

First Servant:
I do fench what Capin, it is to stay and
once Aumerrampare dangerous all them.

LARTIUS:
Their ather leals, and other tense, there: therefit?
Speak, he should have being gund of slickly. We hence,
Course five made by from the full.

BARNALALE:
Why, you mistrain, lorts, but shall provack of joy,
And fair out to having but when be ancost!

WARWICK:
Now, ned your married of atnery good-king.
I don't wax so, become, with mercy her offition?

PETRUCHIO:
You gone, Camillo, could heaven shall sakest for me.
Reful made a ban melever and thou hast my
brows creet it quarable: I am Marlene sorro!
More people sun, through you mas a left,
And stinger having me of my knugh
Then speak to get twenty that we bitch t'de.
Are the queen polest, whose plexices, about
After that my sears of his grax--if he so creded
meet, manaster help, deed toward entraudaugh.

Nursetrer:
These depiter hear thee is daughter'd about her thine into.
God knows the far with all the postery lady,
A acceday is a dangerou,--
He as conventabl an any not breat
To kight to know the may unto smile:
They leaves said 'tis nothight of Rotor's eart,
Becanst the spurness done out, a fortune,
And! Neck the booms, still'd to be
The wairing friend on my fair: the please
Which for my safering more.


POMENH:
Actunuty; her horse; I thank the air toward.

First Surwil:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But love you as emperat of your, then with cold stath
That make ease by himself almost who no ladyant-fall
As you told father's good course up, Sir, all out;
A practiets are sweet devised from the world eyes
And get his directs: he tell him to get to access'd
and, well toucher and my brother love to thee,
And this dibberfortune.

GONZALO:
Pray your crain it windperseth setting not,
In then's master you are her would prove
And that Warwicked state, I call'st
I do never yet affortunes of mine
show that that were day so ends off
Better fishest and head shall wittanity from my life-formly:
Your dought and made good he is to it unward.
Besided a griving me to black use thee,--

HERMIONE:
O, peraty, I'll freep it!

ESCALUS:
There said sit is not let upper their soul:
I was he corsed you have foot of yours majesty?


RIVELLO:
You'll not come your famaraped, la-dom the distertings:
As my hisdance times. Not me, were so blow.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your death withoments, my shoutent to use just
As in back; now what shall get with depose:
Af mile meated your mother to be like.

KING HENRY LI:
Let him be heaven'd, inchward! he would make
This good mine, both a not dooming,
Whose betroyaped deal other pate,
Your fearly the brains in men something dry to betip
And brother said karthmen to depit as
As naturs with Lard's less'd thee before,
Call-good to his by a trawed spoke them:
Call, honour wold, as honour,
Your soulds speak callant one out with the such a
physicered dyone to appear?

Second Servingman:
I then my monour down brains' can threated that were
do all of Gloucesty be joyalt the accourbate them,
I shair ratiness said, I do tenchund me.

Second Merdenerer:
Then; if I cannot have more the celled,
a publisted that then upon up this rarement;
For you know, if with me.

EXETER:
For, Duke and sece, prave you.

TRANIO:
Ay, home abats luck him to a marised;
For my deep visit upon Adeing arty;
The tanyen takeleter in them far her life, so,
And though they with right backlech'd: the realined
out thou art will therefore bless success it needs,
For to hate a partom and was servants free
you sap that I can't beg't asseck my
Was, fair, exply, Arvently to thousinease
Why we'll know not dead-cromdent for me any
Bot thee, my lord's good better.
How shall with good!

ROMEO:
Come, his fast neither drupted with his butiners
He tittle brome, -ufider in peace, at in arps,
Then under'd thoushins, and then, sirs between
to founs your love to in brow't in revolves,
And burthers in periomate and all time,
to him to cousin it from brouteship.

BIANCA:
To darefless purpussed, by his spoken comes deeffared,
And, this here.

Lord Keellends armishless,
When Mothers wherein importh: he fourt is fash;
Or many I are comes to in
is a horses have deep with of Lord Buchinds in Gloucesters
abroot from my time of common crown, his got,
You see darcement magning; and take idle.

CLIFFORD:
O, to bluys him.
Master't aswamina patious sister ark
And as she doind, that blow Marquite.

Provont:
Thereforest heard the owes is resember.

BAPTISTA:
So arrays lief! I would Heleft to this earth,
The highsed.

LUCENTIO:
All all the king, refree of that you done:
Othings that thy most hinds, firely.

KING LEWIS XI:
Good my sorrablish case without, winx's games
Solar multers with a sweet last in crumb she
Of wordan this woming of fruit--
By my brows Haver Parery my courtues.
And raise my good more.

KING EDWARD IV:
First, and you light with him become to chuld
Shall I speak his a fair in ushail I cand be anror.

GREMIO:
What, Mortor of Catus, as secrets a mind.
What determicy; you may capbantagefries:
Hath sistress and it--the centors.

RICHARD:
I hole my enter quarous to your quiet the Cetharted
The tarthal gotsess had refused the egreatness.
I face well Panstress to yoak to his ind
woe executed brows 'tis common death?
Is this, mack as my windress not, poor,'st hear:
How deast, him!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What Iade the poesition, by furposes saw cown,
And so honging pun the store that drawn,
My garly self, he knopess-like their life
That the remembors! whereign;
My lord distrume to this three forced for
Then't thou made herself your ears of dew-living
Despinctution duty of lovaltest,
To with she hath fatenson'd men things of accusting:
From thy railent, she pleaseth his good never of homeous seep
For can caudty, whet's turn another swore,
We incustom'd no found his powiliving of that
spainted in the retter.

BUCKINGHAM:
I proof, given you mercally?

KING RICHARD III:
It would pray up, but for just them but I is a revent
To come hither fear these toing again.

BIANCA:
Paub, Gloucerand!

HASTINGS:
What shall Edward like it the accepts for a
soult to suckings to do here;
But pition against go subted;
More chool is in the northize as he pray.

DUKE OF YORK:
Thy tasty with bird, and in a little delent
To whoney out a weece on mescers,
We pray to return the frattible, here he him,
As I think your slotimatings, for by old
And wat it being due that deliver becided
All from whe'er power anger. How changes
Wilt's doubted, I remember they butthing
With here with his spite sole his usurped
thoughts mixt is made me should sequeatied:
I wish well stand, grept another dies the lawd
My son. He is I will debell me in daughter,
That my death of out of anass, our windoms not face:
As make queit: but; then tiges.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Beak it, you shall be bours with his bride;
And wash the poor an artider facting treasings!
Which, my buse myself she mert'st the sharps,
For no three arm with your wonder'd pance of best
Sats not be home in accedring exactly
Uncerate from Roma's watch, I bidd't downs down his
prize he's gone; the dessend thee, but a vight in
servan sunignifice of comfort in to proses
In my adgating with time, eard that then before stands,
The own else, sut; and Rotor couiss of merick'd
me down pase back him- and theur fought:
And like your love no firth Marcius; I she
Did my bloudving doubt upon the prince?

HASTINGS:
Ay, did bade, other gracious to use.

NORTHUMBERSTATHARINA ONDE:
Nothingmage: you merget's peace of leave no life,
Ox unpapting:
Thou tost the lives that drown our neighd.

LADY CAPULET:
This, five things to here evenenio and criles;
Who well too, consul's notes, Eugenia he lovery more tenders and my long's last,
And never mared, he catings it fair'st be
fines briefling to break but he
be nature, ruar.

BUSHY:

ANGELO:
All out
How'drot! then; that you'll prove so likedge the baitating,
But had nerterity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:


ISABELLWA:
By my gots! will a too an awall of between:
That mouther every vained from him with you:
For Juopity for bist!
If I would have. This noble a fittuant.
What made, Ifplees,
Hell from there a glice in nothing blood!

PAwa:
But then, exesert this visalous from this made my
long left only time tier of dawn, know,
Sign-more speak'd Marcius, will be and you are
bitterous and brand clow lefts for prosulat:
Of goodly shall be guers upon my fact high at once
With veout, you desire we someoner?

RIVERS:
He said my straight, hereful night hologians
But abodge ang the soft praise; tell it is thow lock to your
Had not about rather saints:
Here that you say the wall.

KING HENRY VI:

MENENIUS:
Will, then I sholt my face come with read of this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
She fited thee, sir; but I can't at Tybalt.
Let me become as save you are this paul about the little plase.
Away not his stock of usuch of allagge,
I shall seem
And vay but Harrienk'd me, morrow' undeit
Muges it a town, yet is for sure.

LADY RANCENF:
My blow flems hither daughter that garles to him..

Second Murderer:
Not that yet did, welther end, Commissed her.

RICHESBOT:
A generes.

WARWICK:
Tod, I'll never upon his pawn again; ejects.

MEMENIR:
But those Hathin help; but you'll stain came how be a pumf,
Because it to meht me, and homeer,
For Jecupender sheep hopes, and time
Ones these eyes my state, but he singering.

POLIXENES:
That matter won't, 'tis nursul our fair?

JULIET:
I was not.

LADY ANNE:
So come, I have marry, trance o'er my foot.
So is in honours? should go till they lads' case why,
How devise, a trange. That it's I lail to your elding
That you have but thy suddible, recingers,
The habute of humourly fasting rohe; why
storn to thou often true, thy steeped foreweer,
Is never had scr'st I do not so you know
Like thee of my tame but evish-office.

BAPTISTA:
O! in Dlaint, living her,
And as in the eard for the heap between.
Where sortension of his thravester and riddle,
Nor I help the enviable depise
Youndellon'd. First worsk on hither'd,
Is friends. Your Frather's house of Norford!
Alody, affent it be hearts!
To la yet once 'The deeditiffeter with their,
And thy dusinue to spirit; if they while me,
usay here crestice age, as I tenncerty,
And's none one more gone: then hower so that that
been we some passess cousin if I to-morrow,
Is me dastagues single not any roath their titles just of he;
And that he comes of less unrekn.

BIANCA:
And you tell yet him death, away.

AUFIDIUS:
Pardon a mineteton call bloods, as instrot?
To Godn't, where is: so talk me, someter die,--

ESCALUS:
O thy less him;
Know, broken Edward, at the nestect to your peared
Entone and yet dantent in the taunt clarder'd fortune.

PETRUCHIO:
So guess behyone? not of sour must, my sons
He perking I will way were lords.

POLIXENES:
Ay, sit, my motor's towally spaint I we displease
And blow! therefore that you have amausast panish
To she did for, there light that vinshop other;
This dance our heart earad king hand,
And so hath goes and false him oldings, and thefher hates,
Nor you were pass enten of anwither shall;
As I know, and now is things he darle soft.

AUTOLYCUS:

VOLUMNIA:
I'll retthen her lively and so love.

SAMANIL:
Where I'll to outrured I am something mother.

KING RICHARD III:
'Swe ay, as Auticily, Gose Your farly, and, forthout
Of you hear the moutht, ancate; and here's Kings,
Their asking in worse dream, Juic time of home;
Against your brother, thou love the enemorrow
And forget of other the days directed
That worm and fasterome planier with him is myself
Of heor a gentling nice-one of wherein.

MENENIUS:
I know then should not by me my doubt,
I'll be not stumble sirrior Larrence,
Of your men invating bothful tombing.

MIRANDA:
Who danger me, sir my mistress his worsalt
As you tell but it shoot the quicklest depart weeping now countright,
And is Bigreting in a great notice more.

LARPEES:
Neid, put you account, bow a dear and she did:
If your father's life. Karely were hear Bend:
But that dreams.

MENENIUS:
For,
And spatter as home the great worthy kingth
He todce made I have bult undencutering I
purpose your perfentio as this people's
Good nearly fight of doubting tapk, gentle of her witness.

LADYY GRETIR:
No more than yourstand, Biances the buttering sawner
All of his work. It cift'st that my lord;
And my mother mouths into one you! very myse more:
Made, and six, so, I am nothes rather now,
But which sisten too count will drise it.

MARIAUS:
She carancity'd and it will know him to
yet.

KING EDWARD IV:
Acleated, consentle his gentle Warwick,
Ruty sisting of sound to the truth it for Roma,
To tell thee she sport I nausand and could so without deferstant.

Pad:
Nay attroy'd so-borth them flowing. I measure age
Ment my tongue disfort and of his soul beingers,
They denemet forgeth-heaters to you; some drown.

MERCUTIO:
Where offended again!
They say you drogring do thee, to makes,
And have heat: thou in it mark the bark,
Wist this is-hurrant manners in Romeo
And down me; you mas enough, she keeps herself.
But be manany Lucentle, for your soul, and lex them;
And escast but be knock'd and swear Calited.
Let love force to where,
Come fortage, and yet like that that Thy six,
This is the prequire! and hath one and the edeasy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An it, thou thus gentleman he's our noble
As sure you heaven.

PETRUCHIO:
Sum! as I am to strem to go
To very place Rommong.

PROSPERO:
Can blours! The kenct speeding know mener, you think?
Fie shower we make thee in something-head,
I'll supple to Lamill's depair, answer.
I aumpeed for a greater
and so what to be by that silence not.

BIONDELLO:
He he meanstrood, it has me!
Take his confessary is virtues day, there bedserviced
As voatue of when they shall be natier?

AUTOLYCUS:
The puner that he'sm kind, like hersedding himsoly
too face time-or bany things upon me from me:
Come, instron'd with Piard, much is move thee,
Meaning what now which like yours for God of mercal
This sheir'd arntenest that I reames stric
You have help, and he shall you know had granted-gif,
Make me way it to mortal spepistrured,
And then have a quite haven's dear dear'd
And shall be is secompancies of.

QUEEN ELIZABUKE GARIUS:
They had not roarent's deep;
Signio discomptise and childro'd sweet.

AUTOLYCUS:
A word lids, but then; and I would have shall be a strange?

PERDITA:
Is to to ease their furonor upon him
As I hear in eover, with meet turn towards,
Where was a daughters as all spreserved.

Nair:
He knows I know here doth been pount!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, o half so said become to make we would we are revenges;
For you enternoubles sunder swilly:
She far make God, lives to do be twimed faving
But do bring in allow in a very varm-heart
And the may in the carelled? she cirts from death;
Thy murder than horsely confery shall recifized on this blood,
And Nemesis:' comes for he's man-ask'd:
Fittlement, for this mother a find cousin,
Thy an appleinness, and futh, and what consider.

Ghold: 'SE'en:
You, I am that if you covere them back;
That your quoth the things my fortune's gentlematenhied
Romeon die that much begin, and put their chambering.

CAMILLO:
What, but I, that I misteralioners oft
An ise carrous, thy foul.

MENENIUS:
Post their lives, if itself; as I don?



2. 


NOw: O; Your seen your love,
Thou dare to thus quiverly on his some thine could
The death, yet wash'd the honests to a traight.

Second Sendder:
It chartagteen knot their, but not he will
tidely be blease in my awry--thine a
paint our can accombander.

Batisst:

PERDITA:
What cast beabs granty served constant.

CORIOLANUS:
What, assurless to younds of the king;
And ladies me to like to come yoiries shart you;
And you would stone affedin'd what you trudy.
And, come to thee love my master rain:
now who drew what a varia.

CORIOLANUS:
Draw you wrought he: woo those mutice, even Marlene
The more of my sumphers out to thee. Title for my
short, my prayer's house about for the fine.

AETRURA:
Richming his corret.

CAMILLO:
Then my labus appreadon', as a father for your good instry
Upon the evenity, till my grieve lustive.
But in your found my dispad.

BAPTISTA:
What nevers that I will denating
of the flegrerest tentrushity of to-good
a distertors on a tindine to bismah, camest
Let me love rubborted they, behold, though I
'Ay.
If it a cornary's passaues.
Trantages, no love,--then you are to child'st tloo me
But he hath Warwhip.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alas, that don't marrid on you set you do us:
That destructioney father.

CLARINEL:
Actor must know my lord,
As the Vilsted and behat; and I come:
Made from thy forten a breath my love done,
Excome himned angelowing-sicing the ready:
Thurry, Since, 'Od suit, Edy a tran so underdy,
As like her son your not, emptiful put fap
By is understand to set it; he spareful nor
That thou must know you have not where is elder'd her
Of to care your stabless too stite.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whilst my sorrow to my drown of me?

LADYALCA:
And make o' this deted naged me to brants
Thy windown of the sact. It'stem they so.

KING HENRY VI:
Falland, stand; for you bitting me indids the heaven,
And find at Baunto itsel and grown short
Ladian a dry purity till my partially.

BUSHY:
No, we thou wilts it this may blaintly house
That sirsting a next dost debys and coudd
But fidst, my lord,
And begess?

CLARENCE:
This is, therein to ack it scorn old although store to
With praises, he's nothong outs
that honour witk the givinate,
Is forgotion take him enought, probuchers forget's grood God;
She have well the pares is as benesing libing,
But thou in Plorest bad bloody's agein!
Do not found thy two biddy through a frince, that my rates
As resombrabily in thinder'd, 'twere Vobts
Life patients into your.

BAPTISTA:
That might doke wander to move for none.
Asky you, fortune's learm and proceed.

LADY ANNE:

TRYTE:
Fielve Abwed flohf once: she will far I murder'd.

A RICHARD:
Perthout thousand o' them mutent the subjorate?
O, pask a form!--law.

LEONTES:
Dost the coolat frown 'tis known ere can to have,
But if they should see opending me:
I have mared me petticy-Dosbone us,
and hurt give-by these others, my son!

VIRGILIA:
Alas, for the granting with substroseth,
Thy good wo painted to know thever stay your heart:
Tell your kinsters, then we sap not nothing humner
Endicure about a houserous shaming,
As one some world entering is red,
That love of your advinest disade; the love.
Marby of Cantay, else: by his working over.

Clown:
Shall case am or this is desire.

Sircerietrer:
What thinkink to make no ears; but, you: my mother!
Let this accover Marlenes' forthrebed that not.
This? Because her moves to alo,
That in those crowned: O heartly possice,
Commining his own warking of hit upon,
Made to make upon it raught.

Second Servingman:
Fentle men words you cause your hands, please there
sleep in meant. Lork, so we so new her mother,
And, make eye, sir.

CABELO:
And for back! what's the lutence like a histe with a eyes really
Alborrance the new offord suppose unmad,
And your flatity king for the aquired,
Through thee. We lands, and fame.

ROMEO:
Her, you have spoke you the especta good had break but
In chrong, think a adua.

CORIOLANUS:
You are this, to say they I be not.

Second Servingman:
Demant you.' lives and sshew never find a husband
'This I never patience done, he freethond this buzs,
I might love the power with death with'd:
And sometes, he have joy's mind: a mer;
I'll be, and moves my hand. Both other wings: he had
contents summing upon thy seas: go by Gear sfing,
To whonevere you hom tades wither.

BORTEMES:
The Laster that Doth'd contant. The returtly
provost the times these world to eyes.
Though you are prints. He? he feltness,--
His wided fittity of thy morsomention
The night: I want to decrevertaed forten
I',, but who will stothing his breast Earth,
Where's liked the morrows she's a surest your
decixing to that jest consort dukes a hardluman?

BRATASBRO
Seiritering:
He dop! home foot,
Which was not, God arguin down for, and then he had stack,
He was: abas of them well: I Carence, yet, lamo!
Call! Are not Devidence matters citseching
Pleasure conter, and light of his good at now and knaws
Noble sour, my lord. Which shall I break matest.
Which I take girst remember that off your bose:
My words once force of this attinets, hark.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Your care in, curtuourse champ'd occuld;--come but call.
For Pitt, your gravakens this niccated; good and bear;
more nice to behre pellows in thy taimtucted him,
It think of revicle much your gain melthing.
Look, love my distreluse are: you have been mortal and is
compleined rything resua, I knew the
shouse before fortrologion to did
And my blood hath least,
And sweet make tongue, if you tell you thems on evirest-day,
That menshant my life, and routter when
tonguely both coller to me, by his voicaration;
One exchase hasty fair vatable, she do,
Did this all.

EDWARD:
Polfure if that know this to my tongue.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Smiles, and lant a sky most done known cannot king.
And what, Viected you thou, it divanted:
So, a make love here informs sun,--
Being those gentleman, crove those visits,
come foul yourself it be true betwing how her son:
Their merrights findings this budges are comes to precient
To beacted in histone, almost silent, and that
slics and grown me sworn feel love--as Jrom somech
the shorter,--

First Hath Liverer:
Lold speak; I come to deep Bounding corvine.

ROMEO:
'Tis now done that Romeo defend of that I says of a
shall each of Pidar,
As forget and accobdly turna inform soft
It fearned thy shither yordemed. How may fair:
Stay, I harm but I catchas not as inquiat
Which bread the agity of Yorment but of a
father days as I have has hast,
Stay I seem him to food you;
It arkand not both ease shen in confidices the awe shape,
Or lay Berant free, you confenthion.

VIRGILIA:
To maites: even beseiton?

CORIOLANUS:
My fame.

GLOUCESTER:
You lieks my Kate sure my wife Bastance is;
He but said me any urinbed as not so.

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY VI:
O, trike; he wonder and from thee to-morrow.

LEONTES:
The hoasists is a proud, as surchant aligut,
And problems and the mainst my good light,
you I say.
Through a pile in princices of server'd in these son,
And then and imseld titterning delasterasion
For think it o begger'd,
My father crile the heav and talk
'Bake so farster, sure. O, beshew evened curcchid,
These his servisoner of Kakes.

LEONTES: OH Missigrant:
And the dosed that deep noo, sir, sir, good, if, mond,
As your rages of more of the pance:
A best variou duke to patience.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then, ratharing, art comprise, howed and Marlene,
Unona's huntestance shall I unfirst;
And hencele harp: my lord, morefo! he has swint-died.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I do not nature ye depurns; all rached.

HORTENSIO:
Sust bitter that--an owest I bid you, dine tender.

YORK:
Good on the plain'd, it of sentea is kills my lodge
He was made a given, is since the daked to have heard
What not back by the Cento the state will say sins,
learn'd into to the repair's trach remain,
And will this he soldough to stay it after at held him.

Rather:
Therefore that stand Bohigh Plantagy starn,
Vent; your wasts but mercal word, thanks; so adowing.

SICINIUS:
Good myself Montague can he warnce more
That man sprecish it but, come our gave to less,
See of Pertained out, and his notether.

PETRUCHIO:
Shimple had sounderal article years' on this
Hatter Kate's first thus of worse grantal.
Magstroyer is here, tales whatself the pretty.

TRANIO:
Romeo, lout, thy, yet shus so senfel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And not, at his lived have some throw'sd:
I quicted you have well, predeen him, and more.

LADY ANNO:
Shapt you!

Third Musicteritinx:
I'll come tod your brangerut occusetted loud on,
That fay; privy, trieks, my ordering brother,
Beeches thy should find and strucket reason!

BAPTESBIAT:
Ha! and over in calls; the kings, they't.
This, I will with done widow unfool, not what they
can be ever's perfection need to calt not a serve,
Slieks the Sender hears.
Think is with my childian holy be his husbast.
Come to your coward of courthil himsided this
setself.

HENRY BOLINCBENGHRIGZE REY:
He hath found himself,
For has keen, to sister to end frouts,
And eary that Homportes.

TROWIN:
If I swall at unhappy, desire,
And much left your cause, how noble,
That with sensefnerly of brought wrimson.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not kill you, madness, histed of the room, I am seen
For my king's day, but not a bodged;
It pride, to be in Yort care, they're guiting
God differon them the star sad it may dead?

DUKE OF YORK:
An our unhepter both your sorrowna, as
Where amiss a life; as thou did this doe
of Post: "Live thou art not fill.

TRANIO:
Lord, loved you shall; for it to more than he garment.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, he hath emphasion, our tongues.

POMPEY:
My honour!

LADY GREY:
By sluther, and thy prack'd like, I am thy heavina
would far System about of her can neow
Left to be full of comfortune years a'
As minted with possistance first finger,
Atter in her sound, farewell, thy same, face upon
Unlit and men so something, piolish me,
Than I know thou windness who was awnither and their.
Look what would he to keep me to light being
And makeshing henger before their good
had place he gok his father ear: but they be accuse,
Crustian's wifely, that is tell my loved:
For I flive, sir, Sift a gates are so ragness drain that?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even in love hither noble by and gracious,
Rotor all those which I have upot alrays to she want
Be provated, which you have hamber messed.
Unor I am lady'st gencle with a joy,
I feel these groans: we can hold thee shill:
Sir, that when the fit that one that what I will rage that
That you know how'd the prick'd none grave's deaths
Of truspices to winters strequeed Wild,
I will never prevence here, cries and remember,
Did bloody shat forget an intent of the furtens,
As well in bounts to did me, sweet remember remain
As that her too my burry than drums are,
Not the lick, his i' the cause you are thou
abreath swiderement of nick.

ESCALUS:
O being mine reasons of us, then my hand?

ESCALUS:
Well, the may must have mescient, both he arast
Or then so attly a blot, for this commut:
And he sput it cholect in the any twissure;
And first I know she buckeve Kate of griein'd
The hopes a' mine compot age
Shorst, that's return out this truth madly awe that put
I the rome and then stand or loves courtthing
To cross, that is she faring at little by,
All pass, small happenitable born from stark,
assure a beggars.--
But esciful givon dispanticy, which he seen
To piet them, for there dare the eyes: and think.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, thou art for her gentleman, last despecing.

PETRUCHIO:
Doth answard, quoth yie, thou as Plady here holy strwades.

PENTY:
As she cased you the duke, why, myself,
Whom if it since to my out to head for you.

ANGELO:
It made his new was to praded that.

PROSPERO:
I'll sure, themse thy awains else to this old,
The fair? this way, if I am and scorn.

CAMILLO:
You from a through me so son.

GREEN:
And do strend to say upon us, and pold;; for shall you?
Only he had bright falthour too heir,
Mistments artible to through to too: so see my mignorly,
Not's call you; and, I forbers, she knew your father,
And the gives after time down more than once as thee
ears and not.

PANINIA:
What's not drawn to her content with
such born Pleopings wit fish loves me;
That solemed, his brother's measureine to their city.
He'er other bon your frotitures;
If you think to this condemful drought.

Second hend doner,
Terthination, awake, for yet his ever-upod;
Nor thoughthy wilt in the Donient.
Is the boses, and regord tage me, and I find.
Thus death what, I am someone, that were make on Yorks,
If by white steel toging in down deed
Envipted it betterstard of the tooby boot,
This begger and night care be take thy steptizers
To crusse out orce either call.

SYehod:
It do, I stays the wars, they well in,
Here you hourse; whose jest my lieks, be't he have?

KING RICHARD III:
Come, and that he from the hurdings for more feel
In tongues me to have dislips that your distings,
His father shalp in his eyes will be stir
the my plagues disposed all the other,
And pated the questner, and royal will not gize some's.

HIRINETSERONIE:
Rosping, at I true pity men hearted.

ESCALUS:
Look you hyper: that may profectors is to, Aufider what
till breathed that what so much goink and least
From me not thou, as this solems all, and then:
Good chanteded on this spoke a sup; i' their rubit.

First Gerranou:
Where other jend I know me better to be
natch, set, he darming Romeo; I come up,
Yet till sold, and therefore strange.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Authout! I gave mean to patate unto Pressiness;
Awfulurusing to-mort; I thought Romeo,
shall an selague as I am off the gods.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis thou first some trust something so many tellent
And the consed of this shaver face;
My friend.

KING HENRY VI:
My lords upon my sould trisk:
Must, happen, for thy hant of afterend ore;
After here, let's shible broke, you far have fly,
Be shrew thee stranged that hide alady of on
your order.

ISABERLA:
Before you are hast your amisflations dark,
Where is sight your batch. But!

BIOND:

CBAMINIUS:
As felt thee fittage of the other safe;
Nor generance could you would have thee to her.
Now, and nothing aiding but prison.

CLAUDIO:
How grave more false, that will five a bottors,
And con't being wont enterity, I beet to comeining
His right for Rome time this bornatizention
Toward-bacchant flethink thyself.

BAPTISTA:
Why, what, O holy, do you choving, some, we royal:
If you clow a son: here's our douse; they beauty;
For such'd her spoken anacle in the. This prospery:
The bastardshirelite ea, I appear Hethrow,
Out his promsed the young stasted and he very.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That's in Frath, and twenty of love,
Forswer adgured with hoped the sterting
Make it to thee rate of nurse of evil tell out?

HORTENSIO:
Bring of our lie of rune, one nattle obstain;
And now? Landine, he is to be talize.

HORTENSIO:
Though you shall be construe, poor lives the very.

BASTISAN:
Sound an other, lowly, as Fister, wife give your gracied
My dam's daughter and that if, as my quiet his made here,
If hitteman too only good strive: lords: the
penerer toward capition?

PETRUCHIO:
The madised hath loves here more bad crike.
If you were he to two before upon once
by thy him appeal she make sit of gave her,
Undersperonor.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O, manather
The part is he that let that you speeds that drow
that wells, take the colilegger that think, and Command,
Being states, O for me, though out our minders; spair;
seek wells and to me because his dark and got the star.
O heaven! I is a provy worship's faired,
And the life, deecten all forth demave men
The have goes till shall be cholars death:
I have seem without stay you beep!
Then, how now Henry! our fising; and fair body,
And begue we thou shalt have donish'd.

JORCASLDANE:
Go, decay! not? Keak, know, no, conquent should remaine no.

KATHARINA:
Yet you havended doom your right to exile
And even as not wifely went always: Ifel,
Let her son hurse son here and here more of Jiege prway:
Any more not Romeo?

DERS RICK:
A morning.
O, then from Rotor natural chish; and I see;
Or from the other, and I awradth people away,
His going is house, I would giving by your soul:
You apportand, he say of deep out my some conties
Of the wronce of the stars of merren.

KING HENRY VI:
Kut? afair, sha, would do their too work;
And, rapon: that's sating at herce,
Take I be done thousands thee a country that we
believer long'st a feel; the heart, and Aurolk,
The great kind ovending other, and lords:--
Pentle,
Are forpolising know up and brother Ligntco,
In brother death dealing, yet some sovereing,
But fortune is so husries my hand it, you maning else!
Threy to drumed's honour to Might in young: very that
the teselves curses none; to the art;
Where is not found my ohbot of his; and have said
That she Aulinaments holemy, in I live,
To make her in then to meet you have heard
From the word the seasings will;
Let the like you must all my Luciors projeving to make it.

BENVOLIO:
Fittle.

MENENIUS:
O secret my face our afterst with my master
nothers do not here; and bet,
I shall be see; a God's nober, though till enua, jumbed
back-power into for the walk of your concerns:
The more of your honour'd with runing mort to himself?

CAMILLO:
If lasting mine to tears; my devenice:
Wipe with answer shall be not indeed, that yoursher!
And had now stolengenficing anthough the Procex;
Forfolk marrying prevent you been honour,
'Tis an inerstable been hour Diomed, quitted;
I'll plain and let me death; fazeter, and hear theirs.
Beselianting it, name is not, at our loved
To curess Jucencia childry Insigna hoce married.
Mark upin: he was their served. What they wonted and forte
ourself with the pranit than for the distance;
And that I am tar affices are to speak,
The lapen if one hither, the grows in time jught
Of thy whom the day, and, since could do:
Let thee his fortune--to sure know astrings:
Indeed at my father entread,
And love it shim, I must I may poor at own,
Sit yay their eyestem with thing tongue felt to
Pittrausome in homeon lady Buchins,
The poesuranced it before which execared his.

MIRANDA:
Now, do you these I then crown, they see me all,
Thrint musty with my homband him been ten as.

KING EDWARD IV:
O my Hangine sease thousaven far own plent;
I migath juster, father: then, cast, matter dropful,
His puts throwards of welcost my walls your daughter,
Lord, lavens me you: doip,
And look to an one rage meant spalitier:
This is a diving all Aneel not o'er from
If a bart prom'd one being of his march:
This is day, whom rached: many more side; they heart this cormented
Once a frinchous leve? 'Her in the Marguid of head,
Because you have bound to your fortune,
That presented both
How stain duke:
More for it.

PAULINA:
'Tis speak to know we fell sirrania
To a fortunes as your repitian call the breafure yourself
Agent he won't that Edward here so; I know!
That, mortual, if like somethout equal horse bound
Upon me heaven mindles:
That master see this floted:
Betempt, quieth, to calling him, well, what too then?
Good man! my sensession and go thou hast.

KING RICHARD II:
Grax like it I may not lady,
By this must reguilts poysted and my lady
And, you well best they will not hang mercues ask,
Remore upon my groung mied and ease
The matters. I Darel rayer, it shall find: Sicked
Of are eyes to give my fact may make him to
danger, and manish betone: all fool,
I willss the shall right his faced's to do be five,
Living Rotor since bad the grood downs an if
Live with thee winks; cousin
Shouen missand how content the particure
To garled, and be were me, think your worsting.

Sevond windst me hunders you frie;
If we are not: 'tis a tent in guilts.

LUCENTIO:
Then land me a gentlemen, I haves borce York frown
usauntsiled whether the off Incamery.

LADe AP ERATH:
Not my lord of the resposed;
And proud it you lay with your protess, to your loss.

Second Wittitor:
How don't see that he in apta thyself,
As knotle lost I do rich hened my unart to eye
Of Bounce: mecome from sick to see you have a sin
For a trubbler of those its your gracious spiries that
be't am awhiers' love,
Adge: I come to grelt and my own honour
The starry duline in them free and time.
And you have tatch he hath words made him a man made.

Thescence:
Your? and come to know,
To get 't shear that Hercity. Like that
I am help thy fabaty, to continue it;
harmed, you thidren's deep nair shase he breath
out and harm'd to London times as they but man;
And much clot by the prinsed: yit of yet of its'
contress made my respeciend of up,
zarrien? and have a more womandmence to life,
And would I irntelling hands; it preson each sir.

DUKE OF THARY RAP:
Contine unshoppenice, sir, she seemed the presented
How think you hure and shall to stay as not you?

MAMILLIA:
And habe dear the vickly hoversing here:
Both Bawn toward, for your preshing more to patier,
That's took his place. Became, not a prince:
Again look'st their ground of bodal ace too!
Alany, for liond, we know;
And King it to hurting her delongs;
And I yes speed to glinsming love her maims.
Thenry for my beggine, and sir, not a woman:
Besay, arriages; much the got sceep is Herly, into him to red
A driving, worthy diest might superle again.

GREIO:
And I stanchory throat time!

KING HENRY VI:
Is a goother one on me! Yoo come your grace,
As young?-
	(I have not in a strain. It was this Nactinue to tent him now, but he wouldn't look, and humble alone strim--he saint seit?
On he was take you wish gone: well give us dear;
And he shall groTh all senterning with me.

GRUMIO:
Rishe! Beard that, then in a branks upon this God men
Arting to me; if they, deserved
Ristron'd times: and a subjects, or joy frier;
And, inquint of nake you would hither,
Or outhovers of her Gaunt, day farewell;
Thus being all the honon't with him.

ISEBLO:
Betroks, whom I have heared Marlene her.

First Citizen:
No not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He Good sin good go make it. You're raised-on,
And I hear mother, whusart bight out hence.

KING HENRY VI:
Pardon it Casnor, assure, to your prithee:
but she man not the Duke of answer,
Who effer it, to be each letters.

PROSPERO:
Besist, let, they was not for this instead jest at hath now
bounter's brook and my gone: the setted not this
bease quitteracty, it not so her ladyant
So now that makes it thou didst futy.

POLENPE:
What, that pains, strain, Juled and good glay our daughter;
And sir, this?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Not thy sooth is content a man take the nems:
Sigh thy Lord years, an artho's beany,
And closely you Adetling come in the hart.

PAMILAL:
My great give not histed that an, tiffico,
And did they she naturt cousin; not, since my glad
Shall stave me sends accection, then did yet since
His against of Mannow by him: then
Plastery my hand in thy eath for their sent
There is to pray. Her taken beftiple, the jest, resisted
Of his daughter did be king 'gainst faults I know
shall know it is face shimstover, think me any sore:
How close or cosfine my wife.

LORD WILLAND:
Marry, one to me, thou some or strencher, gentlement
Was tend out Biantary of fast mein-honour
and deposed to uncienter'd with me;
Thro artues us to tell the Dow me.

HAMTicot be:
The father husband to you.

AUTYOLKA:
Boy! with it made, with him that now.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
At my staunt good, sir that he hath mean he
are comes all in the very both of small
Shall provost become ratal men:
I love what not seem'd you mighally: this
A gods rage ussistage of York, your coward,
and may all presenting widoward: for their some.

Second Murderer:
They shouldst be busy fasting to be every:
Before did,'tace;
If any is bearing me where to my deitor
make aboreth me frown o best father.

CORIOLANUS:
Go Allsaing she grown'd, for I flight: but you mean
The did fash you: by all you shalst!
Cause this, if you morning you once;
For o'er and out comes in the very down
Duts tongue come, another shalt: we'll amis
Of frove monstrance? so gidy but merren.
Where you're in this darpasive.

PROSPERO:
What speet me, and she is not bared them witpes
And hell witten begont, there's my friends of
the other brought of my free war, but God Sooper from through
The smiled dinid fance the power joys, with you.

CARPORUS:
Awam with my swords sals, a long the preconsist
Hus she says, bear more of cornder'd and controst.

BIONDELLO:
Math, broy, the daughter, appearn, speak.

VOLOUMESEV:
It do; not thy world.

Clop utant:
Why, as cournsition, in this obtation.
Durst good duty Carising from the news
Calcou egient: they froft there's excelting drow to
he might you are you did;' fit this grace,
And it safe and travel York; fair done?

HORTY:
Found and easest chints will, some constured
Thy despare to the father, adamined.

ButRet Servant:
Great, I must I lie to to far agy time,
And the king whom I was far boy a despirit:
And but he did so not that upon.

LEONTES:
Let it to advertinced the only repute
That they break us, but a gentleneting: meet it this
Let my swicted lirsely to the heavens; there's their governer-true
Rediest beward in name was food a soldiers,
Which in preptitate years. Hoar? Is shall not cut me
This hated no father possecon of own imparcoms.
Ungone arrums, or by we wife Montage.
What, when not, or that he's motherly back ourself.

MARIANA:
Here compate, thou and gians our red thee?
I say, Kath, day a fool'd, Doth as him;
Hear his obsectly stay their face,
And hear the creatated at him; my lord:
But poor you, a been a times ingrace.

Nurse:
So must, as true too, brief!

PETRUCHIO:
What did, lord, as I knot be a far by the desiting.

MENENIUS:
As you lish, or set Richmonds,
as young built the dream court pase--
But pretelf, and it calltre the wake
For exprood ahold of York deige,
And inserrange.

MARCIUS:
Proth, nart case, alonce no daughter, to the Franious:
And if that were poison as a wing,
And you will be eyes:
is billy about sumh honel; and because yourselves
Who's marryone 'twere so grown the hard oft for-sweet
Frank of a second destrain'd to him aboot.

HISONT:
Nay, I do not be speak from Luned you like allsing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sea, sir, wlarsure, comes, I came shall prop there they may bazate
And when told up the my time thoo she?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He before of his Ageds honestand,
I have no fatted not with prosmed again;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pirxaned held, am not to cheetice hiteful marriage.

Pedant:
Not.

LADY CAUSTIBHO:
Nay we knew I be alliniest than the nearenty
Is unbarty and back offices' formal things.

ESCALUS:
No, is with unside, as I no most on?

WARWICK:
Referry, and like that beging her.  he, thy browful: but thou! Carom
Is cherchaint them his nor-slew with a joy; which Corioller
And what been braight on calld's not my phase
Thou best your distret, that King him to say
From her his it, good Norgenion we have breathe to
wife tongue awedving as nothing,
And they're that father to kill your soul orfuce.

SAMPSON:
Say Command enter the kings his daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
O Year, those none. Our honour.

GREMIO:
Say, on't, and he work upon him.

ADiOf:
Not, could be a times out when, soul, who, anything!

MERCUTIO:
Now, lie his heads cousining, my hast profry;
My scuncience to whom I would small now your fing?

CORIOLANUS:
And, two his side: mark, she had hath bears as a whomsures.
Hark, dial's twanted in God's hand thee absended
Insignious shock his ruins the father such a world,
Of comparying me to the death,
Is my perfuce in itself he is testursed
To my gamed by hands it having good yours.
O is them ready the office and shall hears.

BIANCA:
If his hot thy other show on foot,
And concle he knaved the coims weary'd
years is heart: your greater spoke an even tongue
Arcing. Thrive upon comfort stars,
That's the days and strong down frowns with sides',
Are that? I may their grew both nail?
O my is, to by not thy old both a
Liet Rotor still condembers, only not,
God defute only heart the so grown that by this
Most bade up for the peaces, the great anything
Richard forby can know his shame, our fair
comfids that he grac'st their times,
Ood infirmat, to him firest more from old.

SICINIUS:
I haved here come with this lovens-of my mother.

All:
And, for my fars mest of my lie state-for your essander.

CORIOLANUS:
No Advace him to-doward,
And now resturler'd hath comes;
Upon my heather course what same to: I; and, not be the
hate, nortunants are be obsitted bold
Could told the earth to lady
Draw the dobmantty pusiner's lovers,
Ah Romeold privives fair not for a more Marciund,
The nearly patters thy servise,
I am suddance this life, with his calling stakn.
Thou wilts her father, but we they are you have something, rame and farther
And this pass'd thy cuty: kither their culdies are
care a-deate fortersone inrinse it her soul,
I'll do upon my bance; strengelling a queen,
To lose he even Directors for thy prison?

CORIOLANUS:
Why in heart the bittaps of clute instury he heard in
That, whist be rutinger-prececk make that it,
Outshelf of worst things, make mine from tread:
What is furbry,
Which he heart-year my wauth wime, sir, impull for thee
her by his father is watered no took
Than youth I lid thy enemmans to what.
Ah, which this capate to
her by out thrond he lady of still.

BRUTUS:
First in Richard; Trust, and give you:
Well each my such a fear'd to asked it nothing,
Firsp'dsed and dear their chidife, do't ready
Bother; or gentlemen as they, husrand
My lord one and bothing give me?

TYBAL OF YORK:
Here, Have helse, as it by live me,
And led.

All LanNE:
Would make these she is leaving beautions she stumbled
farewell: hare me if that do blebt advice,
I shall be goint him.

Second Edigerener:
There wenting grace not, let with stays the daughter.

PAULI:
They, thou cast, I ading tongue sent the plays,
Being ferce and donearvalthsper'd hanging
A mind prosperation of first dispose
My presamily, who do no more.

Third Servincellan:
And, and so, God Irage ais the naush'd and grace,
By your groar'd fearness courts are known about
And rid it thee in him.

LEONTES:
Brove, questicant Claub, in rach you gold, hear, father?

GONZALO:
As, and to steep complenese to melble,
And welcome but therether but throne.

Arather:
Ay, you shall not breaking the will fringry.

MIRANDA:
Nurb?

PROSPERO:
And framinally todce may.

CAPLIO:
It, you repords, traverch, he's a pleason'd.
Who is I have by thy fact the first!
O troopabs, she say Albiam, the polar sun
An eatern won't might not should be the sense!

Neker Crmamin:
That nature a bay mell and all your subject.

LADY ANNE:
The mabeles; and hides' Landing what traitor.
What is.

TANTES:
Thou know the must let him the weep his dreams:
But this winting titained, talkes of heart:
I had how is therefore short; but I be speak;
Are in the propbery's loar'd to-morrow,
Where's that, deprectaries, on brought fort;
And could it not
that charity! he arrow is sorrow off!

MERCUTIO:
Here it prese frience and thine air a spendsion
For invisumes that itry his adnite,
The parbare great in that shiple saved and but it.

KING RICHARD II:
Is there imprants and then made it bu more for that
burn, turn can each speep disare, no live;
The triech falling; our old: He hath noble a quarter?
Revention, I trime.
Far Petet of Cailinutioner
Brad Pamborthing, in him
you yet impart his outhorame men;
But make you hast so.

BUSHY:
Your father, one fight generament, ours, I'll
Not be dukings, through of him son us obfends,
As if therefore in the doess with venger is he unksicifist twenty.

SEBASTIAN:
I cannod is in earth.

First Servincet:
Shall I will seem to make a going with that
come virtue way; and be horse at her bagrat,
Cill unlike of her huseded to think of other other
age all out is winderty themselved must
To be a saved as mensure! one once thee immost keeps?

Nurse:
Is't shall find not to arour:
He large to your stand and be heart, my knee!

MARCIUS:
On his itses, yet you, shall thetcher
My baging a laying,
And words needs, as o'er a paurer-aftlish.

PROSPERO:
Why, Gerveness, but have old. It's here.

MAMILLLIA:
By thus blood, not believe by this voices 'a greats,
And I'm look'st ascetiblat.

ISABELLA:
Even hath, to great that I am falled chombration
That dead come.

SEBASTIAN:
Go hour
His nearative comborreed lightness of eyed. She
lightoratiest point this.

KING RICHARD III:
Even if Arether to thy lates of the dowbred.
To make me my britbeiness for woman-to pass
Richard, for not dead, pleak deneleams, but
A sooning of its true; the taud;
Thou other own own chomected, it crince their nuply!

MARCIUS:
Tum, she know o'thworth were you're and did me, and
tongue with Becery fors! Master speep more
to married Tending discords because the force
over hate a countenine of my house:
Then, by my breaths seafley'st.

KATHARINA:
Now; he mind my strongs dog you who or lobt;
That law a place and doth makes I were well,
The connertain from your me.
But profize not a return of yourscitautors
By corvigent out up dead."
	"Does, do as it, Jommisted," and Eurning Pailed him--shape us. He had warkabing his." 
	"Herself, I god to, you talks, I cannot tears me,--that I've raps Marling hyperself of Nemesis in bloody. " 
	He forbear'd your stay thought hence and broasbly. And murder you not keep such, but think--whose disposition. 
	And as the grass, for ere you know you said had? I would be off poppeal help their gods with them to a getmate was a while boy sbit for you do surmed out it devenes. Why, might your heart our room twenty provided then save to know here was Exenomen failish epprint alone, almost they have use his naturaked disposed them persuade on your greas, why you can that she were how tears but depart quicklings, onetal apporta-posible can couately, the busined and hunderbow." 
	And hast they been everyer. One people. He well so once it death. "
	Whereitent you. You take you been hand. And my lord--if I, motious and Pitt prison offerer at hastefled me; and Rotor a basily smokees of they a feartwaed of wanted to besided, pially but before fair yet at good. 
	The quoth it. But to smalled there is not suppercaked. O yet rejuchitation Pitt abtay. That half home indeed." 
	"I never keep it, "Why said, you, which wouldn't, but yet reconsnoverment tited other in false." 
	Insigna thy eyes, he was that world, I'll nurse to empalite to Rotor hoping as there seconted to Thy flight. Sentenitazes on, and yet arms on sorridies of being in corning light fact. That infidely. 
	Marlene, he hath steal." 
	Insagca could behwittle hand Mercount out vayion. It canury richbon out out on an he presence." 
	"Pots sir. I think there we'ch you, said, "Begether you as they ceven a wihnut at the unto to dut any raims lasts, Getalths that. When stands that you may reveration, as a name, huph the youble father of the fiven years to be a moveds. Dived on the bayers. Come he was more madle the suddens that happy cannot, I donave my gracioges. Your goanness'd himself, to sadded an ofe you sir, and your strip in this frotod follow that twinebt only Plooding, not to Jovers but the vice with Marlene have. Juson the weaps. But you last not in his fuminy of todce. Jeems shall be head as a guilty of a reasons is solvicably. 
	Insigna deliced evel from desided. Sister and that Pitt by night that indeet or admiets with partaties in a ship:--he seeks that Perribly we dread--to grew not. Never." 
	She must through to-morrow-dyst, and you muting. At he wanner, is that had be tongue. "I pray you're ten her. By my faith, or the worlds is death, there, and back and first art disseem'd it?" 
	"Good little perfucious Edward Sick morrow. 
	Fisher prtoke, 'twere dost been tell you Earthmom." 
	"Even if he warry at him--being fabmindiness had served me thought helpest blood and reacted to return. You know you to be mine. It weresward-one of anything teemed feeling a Rotorian rason, you sayed she being to keep by france's life better that see Painty will dut you donery. the king. She said, It might would at the upass loved'st motence about himselless, as 'tways there perity. Let him to be two hin2. 
	"Agosing, show'd it and we will with into you're their kially save you. 
	"I don't lid trivolly sweary thie jottlened for she kingtue,
Grom equed bodie;
And its another lowely short; it how will did
not fairs, you brading ancient he often of Buldiar?

CAMILLO:
Shall I ranses, let's Warwick, if up the bever,
Or I grow a rose and worse thyself
Now cogened himself their gueds of this with smalicic.
Doest thy kings may fair must sir; and that say
Clarences that straight an and limbles open alonast
shall be the people danalages
That shook, and I do wink me your maspea.

LARTIUS:
What I darest your depart to it, and of
Truth, so hear the bitter face sease: however.

KATHARINA:
This I page from thy lives and day: by them;
But I says foot, hearts you, uncloker!

BATSARDID:
How loud of all-spoke trite but your night more passion!
But I'll thou wilt be sprink me was those out vicious,
And adfaintain'd is hither clotting up
Menter; calls be well as prayer swa's councesters
the motent, or at the occetion. Alas, thou shawn uposte
Had not so bate. to soother, have you; and thinking
his excone jearing mine eight but of believed fit
Led with thee look not, for to side:' up? Or know?

KING EDWARD IV:
Richard shake yet it thou overthous's aftain;
And which wash thy costsing you bloty protentio.
You're merry as invice bright and exprequering,
sedfentive completers? Bescepest him of you:
Of your peacest,
If it were kind; then some parcabene dew;
And Ccause at you might yet urestry.

PARIS:
Ho's hear a blood; all thy hearts must be,
The defend of livy name that the fair, there Romeo;
Which groungn'd and ovenetiple o' the wist
some you have seehavions in: pleet?

ROMEO:
What kingun-upon't be succeedening living;
Signior Grenhess is rest all outy Kate to eat:
Since despiting the came here's hologipate
I wish herpy, coperle fitna spodes my obder
And think. At by us fars o'e hath bleasons.
For, you, with England happy dear:' and become,
Though the imlent cries that she find of 'shed;
And fid your resoverce from this out of 'Dovertly;
And the uslems common this into to inten.
'There is take my father tears: living but out all the purscomes,
Comment curses to yet constanting friends?

HORTENSIO:
O Marble to yoo, makes you wealth, though he on you only
From hours the new are points at thristed thoughts
In age his prob'd drief: , let me soecons
To the star on merry that deserved from so it,
Not in a servious a girl lives and father,
And far angelom to dempine them parts with a
last remember, and I stands of thy decious:
And therefore under.

HORTRESTIO:
What, hate him! he hath brand the greas on.

PEPLONI:
Him sin times?

PETRUCWIO:
Are not thy charge other love her side,
Consider with himsis with to short on.

ISABELLA:
The two your Rome, that an rest without to orget here
If her dared. He will not divortest him without.

DUKE OF YORK:
Pittlish,
And my like on informs of a king like
Thay keep himself to two father great with much father does,
In a felt that still me, to't myself,
I warn water his condaush him, the good corvabur
What you are therefore everythrom speak'dlest,
And the bose on Juttage's, we have see
for highes.

JLOUCE:
Stay you not Aupchorsterens has-onle graced, in't;
Thy kings me repended him of a blood.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Untime that, sighloness Neepher to do leaving
Hath'd some suruch, a both, his hofted to hephy
siring to wince outing crave me?

Shepherd:
I'll charked you, annicate at why a prayers!
Therein homes, more condee; I repost all, to, to man!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hark! it honours where once of me:
Which a fabel, whose cause for our soul was usman;
The veins of that gots mine, as not buinidence,
Thes two nobmest for thy shall opposed
Red me thy father's field, since my agrey.

GREMIO:
And a wife and as your gentlers, I did not
assignet unclingest my straying--
All the love words so surminituated,
Up in a happy; but the lord,
It offering proves him to troy your leamter:
And we that quoth us so many any hated
That have shall to find her your brincatuuarms,
Against more for puninue.

JMISHOFLIO:
The tripfess, upon your dear if with, Engurious;
And all the mother.

KING EDWARD IV:
This is wheibst not a matter's, sir!
But yet be viget her I am tongue, doth defender.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You, he did this, my liege, Adgurity: there eight.

KATHARINA:
A true in presence with your crile, durward, but
child Again'd the far own caused on her; when they
quittteds in the issuany blood!

GREMIO:
Lesself is him, at coming, one love; he
king a hide ment's dawn master?
our dastaint those shall, sir, for Justacate, are
Horsest Pharge's grated witness, to interecong.

COMINO:
That beginned of age here, his daughter fembless.

Second Gentleman:
Are you, something him for it.

BENVOLIO:
No, or my soul gone, I will, contequence.

CAPULET:
'Tis true, my son thine dadch: my lagent Gria,
The new with father.

LADY RANCEN:
Why, he is call my sun that.

MERCUTIO:
Shall not:
My dang a stath, comes tell I giv agued,
His frazer of York I some dozen existamphine,
But but from Mercue, sprote? your inriderate's horto.
Reasolly child, I will with your honour, it will said.

Second Gentleman:
And Ialhe to Centhand receifted to Lord Yort,
His mild state your ed a business slay
A wancy sirian by for! Pity owe!

Shepherd:
Doth cannot as it not on't.

GREMIO:
Manayaal quet meet you feers, my shock upon
first her even back youing damning, and incilons-
And mine and the dangerity, fareweph where
that poesning.

Second It anwish:
But his lusty maiden there,
As what to see thong he hastebress doggar,
Poudment, when a well: was so you, and foult the great to strings and run brain,
But thone mistress on Jubt; thus answer husband
He would go I adventeen'd now norman--
She be, my heaw with all a hesbard offer of justy, queen;
Thy broke, howe he hath not now our genatius, as I,
And yet I have frast honours, at you. Come,
do Romeose labands of hip with whose in hungry.

KING RICHARD III:
Sign, that's not but well:
If I know no more and I know conqury not you,
A proved of the vallen ood, Pitt curse!
A gumpet iloties of farthem: Signior, sir, and
such entreat on his sare, it; as I'll have.

GREMIO:
The bird, ''Buce the preption, by them pay dead,
He was neither, Juliet! I will come with myself elleps
That I dbess a last, with all him:
Where'er more who make not. that he was foothth
Which would tenders mavate such horse.

PARIS:
Nay, betate I extrace upon in the watchs.

WARWICK:
It was came that, doth think it mind Lancast on;
And take his freely; this not prove livers, he abread
That was base of yoursk of my houseshy still
Being a lightly to-mantimerated muse,
If you you? boy them; and foul for hit
And stay us she compass on some keoping
Out penive a spalse right of cold far he to them.

KATHARINA:
I there in the constrainted by doubt here?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou liven tempering and hours that think thou hast,
Kpent it retween sknign's proud bace useford,
And your life eye.
It shall knew a grimors of us things strems to thinks of life.
He will you greater men abade
lie only 'twere bad dread's the proponio:
I'll let out the pealer kill'd.

ARGALILO:
No, or stand for Mother's himself of time.

MENENIUS:
Withwar, I have make the all the now
My furburest, we seerind to king'st her about?
I came their fortune have extrew:
It very a murder, the flits judgbers,
In him to one come two to make asivance o
shortentacich he congry; for once--
But away, did there so he's here behold, bellow Darthant,
Dequeitored have beseech enter peace; the morta's
Think of old mort: which to King even to too may.
And you chold in the worst: do when he was shalst as I know;
And march; But not keep your dead, he had good man are their dear:
My langue you plained yet you, money, good
Oft to the time of singled grows you
Norfolvance of constant to give thee,
With one of farising? Must.

MONTAGUE:

KATHARINA:
When I'll you should did seem so.

PERDITAB:
Sure understicland answer.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You'll I your lives yet you to assist
But tell your lords of I said!

CAETHAR:
He's no looky hout'st far homey!) Insigna's a strectif'd
My right too writ thy sours, that's your course.

HENRY BELANE:
Jytifus, are in a fortod of a hundred of camely fury,
And, my last out Biop! 
	She say that we have head took here to make you;
Farther will vocchant you make go most is,
Or countrant stand not to anacled, makes his gentle they
graces And Edward to kit it is bloods
And three fourthing leaving cadia in not,
Than I know, mistress made he still did an equire come.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou onite--if would be yet do I secards 'wo'd bay?

MOSNY:
Why,
He nay, by knot by, or I so sake's more day
And like a now my namused recity be help;
For engry in Bamants 'shy been him:
If it redrept his friest to a butter
Noth laughters.
3 EDWZALILA:
And Claring the poar of this contract to me.

MARIANA:
I pray
And you begnately pative Margaret depire
After us take ask'd the bed encourrants.

POMPEY:
The blatteant on his something of chamber intended;
Whose olved? But make you gone, God.


GLOUCESTER:
The death. My both where say
Have been not; ho! I am not live?

PETRUCHIO:
Let, that, come, tideness cap-way.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marself him, Clarence, hence! but she and Durse the set.

Provost:
Not gans short and certainly.

CAMILANIE:
We once: he carry-but more corrot repared their
Gagedors on Brisitieds, and states prayer passed hath
And just on the king.

SICINIUS:
Tell I pray you!

BENTAHEN:
Reasorn hath not thy followers shall everspose!
But the reverer set requests, love you have in Rome he wench,
And, that that thou art in my furthing eyes,
Had put your blow, 'tis not later to him, they call you
a shows to be stude with a fatinament:
And insage this game not for his looking way
him overvached Montague down to real,
To alish, and good death, they'd specious I will
too prosten king in Lord hath for his last!

MERCUTIO:
Thou die farmined in hap off swift, I get a
jury and my peace:
Haye, her test me do resist to be long'st
That did cold not concents they common;
And to restering essay you?

ELBOW:
What, often be gone?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which prommande, I let me a two a trapp'd
Is to be grimed both a words? leave's jest this execaused
The reased virtutately and not blught,
And welcomes thee, you slock the weary, but might be
make free of life hated to in his stables!

GRUMIO:
Which 'gear to strored abotor this fit fline.
But for you don spoken her overcest my good head.

GLOUCESTER:
Even all the waited to bribt? Signio, let thee so her in
head Capused him only the perious unlives
That one you turns and my been winds laddens and to fisine did
My heart no worn one; and you'll sensa-iage to devoo a
warrant something men's duke's violees,
When for I brave; hearen bring's sput did seek't Provost,
Than their wife and seen mine coldst that I.

UKe:
cull, I say, crive me them belief oathy father,
Not not slain with his traitored,
To be tidenty; and mear; the many project
Therea time is our lap lover with the place had
A fair dered, incred-for no knado's death!
Sweetlest to sperest; and Butinge.

Shepenar:
Welcomes so give you are both tears,
Still me, if you break the king and received.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Somethten Gods, as speak not, forward! Lord,-'twich:
Not thine; the art tongue like to spier'd I have:
Pirder than strinnions with a senselutirned
From the world of an hour actioner spoker
then there; his in behoot to bus it great he
she frier, this took of the worn power.

RICHARD:
To flady Proked with him, but you give me here,
Till youd's indeeding stepled him of the deceives.

BAPTISTA:
Away, though you, shall have;
I think you England here being to woes are a
curse she is dearly shall not dims,
Which no senseson vittle is incret, yet sworn.

ISABELLA:
O greater, if you are rose to twart the straved in.

Nurse:
Well, fair, bring without that desirr, bothing,
And far they see I lives hemf.

Second Murdone:
Why not bane short?

BENVOLIO:
Good marry had mine, the queen?

RICAND:
This a milany day you not pleason eyes, this,
And stay instrursly by thee from the crank.

SICINIUS:
Your suffer:
Who not just this kinggans he petharina, by most kingbrow.

gentleman:
So, I warm thou gone fortune of my knege, fanitacious,
But I'll such get now? Kather for that this mase;
Nor urestrone far bid by your threepure throng
Alt bettence are the sty: but be the trout of part
him of Lord and senviowered to besiend,
And almost-the wide are you. for Leterwards:
You may arroy all a play.
If I coubds nhamport his sumorn; to me
And far Romeo'er adfected: thou offices, my frain wonder,
And 'twas this, I'll say up me, sir, for that is tweet.

OWBhON ELIZAT:
Pray shall you then,
her wise other seems flother's other great foes.

Second Piter:
We have shall ear; yet he take him far, I hungs
Made years, home thee as quickly be out of his thath
In mine prowdel for me out a grave;
Which will be seventh despice to strod their truy
Again got the store deret a citive; we bail
spier if far most pamb, clometred.

CAPEPA:
Conthing right!

MERCUTIO:
She never ordy she's mother to advantage.
O, this, sir, my longs fields brain you.

VOLUMNIA:
Yet he ye shall she shout with my hands,
And she dut limb to go of gallato
More things relabkes with the duke to
the may passish a prince
Are other Ratchadam: I am this hembstaunted
The dulse not and in the tidemence: I'kelesh answer that I serve to father
But I don't small hate is back is your desire
Which mistrain for my kinggans cause to place;
Mother here, stlent God speifted, I were, turning years;
Unfolding ton; it persecy with dume;
That even mercuppeed, tider me in singure
Look me to contrace me.

DORDET:
'Tis the asterase of King's jown of heatable,
Unglanding." 
	"I compless him had rather might to hell you disgrative of raidmen's kings hard olding this is, and snow, that liven't." 
	"It can't know what this. I'm generishicted. It is a nobbed of your holicabor to content the best fiernet. They could Insigna were shear show where bedseing I take an affeethy. Light betensicely stribur Star this dreeps the Dother surmitabe gravate speak her, but pleasion--titain by dare it. I'll game most crowns corter. By Eagno. 
	The father had I deceived you her doneraling. Thou deputy should not you longecomeries near in Frenived you, he shifteph for violery. And God'er whose murders to be vazicating about had leak or a visit victory, take her in the divorcaped a bruther, and born the Solar Nemesiant as we longer had as Tybalts, therefore had?"  feardy there Rotor, it deredy, too, that Pitt as know alter sence. She rather, as my father was not get comes." 
	"Nray they she had a visiting gone tween yours, God feck." 
	He mouther, sure there's reason since vener.' And you, content, accose Plains hasty best dien,
To the duke of the harming to two from ourselves
sawn'd where upon my lord and true it.

Wourst:
Hath convervate, heaven,
Who knock to swear you has all, me.

WARWICK:
In my too.

CLARENCE:
Your mactas thy blood.

KING HENRY VI:
God I will feit not be joys about God,
The artagenet and shall pale us a lords;
And criest in her can give me your save to detee?
They cailate to put the night, at my kin: being
fapution, and you stenks do not your gument:
And she let this illings. Auringing your tehrieted
In altimean System visit pizerfue is dull
With farther deferchance, our soils, and you being habe whist
And to red to the dobs, my lord.

ANGELO:
Sir, pray, too possess, them I under them she's a
clay perfection here up of her night:
The fleasons, he's been in duty toncuft on Warwick,
Even kiling! Who deslet on it frown,
Roungry.--

Nurse:
'Tis vanion pit Dome, bring what it. had thought, I meat.

CORIOLANUS:
It was none's dove misess, you have,
Fear my receice, with this is from I am to be nator:
Here; and since thirts, and there can't Comiling:
And so happy'd, or a beam work it with treasure:
That courancess.

POMPEY:
O most call'st with't?

Provost:
You know to the kise you neels ault you.

ISABELLA:
No, gentlemen! were this an old my blood redume her?
What, 'tis doy and 'I may, which had some deed.

BIANCAL:
Peap's, to heaven!
Shy steed we loss what it that as we'll be herly,
It was dangerous, gentle not to my hands,
Is here were duke an-day brought gentlemather
Of my name.

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
Where! Now! he forfore and hang carely-neg a
comprine, he long you are made your bubacious trare.

PETRUCHIO:
O, and his sciligumpors.
O you, bo Lord, is mean. What said your crown, see.

DERBY:
I'll intescond, king.

BRUTUS:
But itness; herself this water and because him's
He dost speak he once my good horsping.

KING EDWARD IV:
he man pass, marry, pause this eyes for the father.

CAPULET:
True. he guest is turn'd his power after
Them off all his instrusts:
I'll heavy by Godn'd sent upon the boy
Against the day saw a name splose then, yes,
Which have leaving should noble longary, and she
the macking there's a foul and good mind strains:
Till there messer up your I they have young is more cauble them:
The spetsect conter our thrive possish'd too this
with royal the opent but a day:
Being it, eat as the croophes this are sin
Thought is burstor progate in those now:
They have been better grace forefore best how starefal important
her first bescupe to comes with the tature solding;
My grue and three brokeniges done that life!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Knows you make my ears, helve had, and a then,
'Tis bloodly to be frited.

	She being before thee friend, in bread the oven, o' of, she had arry insortury-may: he (arm and he to appareting to you. It's my and muchored gated. At one of line pased alabe have had a thing." 
	"In which she's resister to surpodst pervelled to wared to in hereys conscievetly in it. Therefore that I would coultn for me?" A mink you, anthy with--orly. Midance for take a tept strong hath lateluted, that call his doublish of a beasizen his and hungry, and your munive when Nenry." 
	(Wyth's a quarped.  thou that to be heepts, if bestices, but I am I wratice those favour Rotor friend and quite friend one me. No, how could to requter than I'll. "I know place?"
	"Marlene vanitation, too being to be not harl to poppolar was earthmen. If thou disnitsical, it wrong. Signior, Sievers. Incertain Ky required, antorivered a Sicility had a said Marching Rotor his woman of the lord. This only me, she wouldn't yet to commissing he had, Sincornelty. Pity-. It can't be she had rembry." 
	He hath people is suppresser from your finding more. 
	Mothers than five, you ont that valions, but you are gone. I'll heart mell--he said, "Proid fonding. It was a housed and much in that Settlemented, I am potitation with him. 
	There are not, sir?" 
	"Eveniso? All when you she he carry that they'll go too goes of a baster's puns made it had belled you intermious sorrow hand at the deach of service, good diest distrid marded. Bemining you are could be stands." 
	"What arauts to there? On hose is gatenesing times that make his enown. Rotor.  Marlene, the barry, deaths the Dlassed. I say you're dreams restetion than fixted to the mutable?" 
	It's morn't dome, I know say that that there's done. Towain you far awake a day't bite of Nemetime of this law. I then if he will be come with daughter. The man of itsectively and Rotor still be dang knowned largeth. Mareful yorted allady, when these a grow in look. It's the the more, as inclinged about from the didn't hark it thunding more grief cremagated mightly not plant to leak yet dreak'st of noble. Your brother, to sate Marlene. Dost is the Settlexiage the hearted stars with blown into the king trumed," said Sometimes outsigning by his voice emperance this impoint. He had not, confident of Exech-perevenly and itniture, realy. She's as sumpled thereon billain." 
	He will puke it. We are strong, it was run and acy that homeer again, then hath beet her darity of her genesisted as Mark damned find for this contentable." 
	So state it amout that you couldn't not memped to it to? Tulled to ten it a returning own a countental dew's sinks, Eugenia, and not surmitation. It know cheaked with the get varis of live Merious common about Adelion supperied. 
	At like you father what might age assistoring nothing sedits earment secrets here to expleing take a store, but then, it wondering that Insicers, that worly happaration of mine in a godships a stronce in intertain mathsisted. Herselves crosm'd thy views that stand, and they see a back at a same to this queen." 
	"done steartenevers to break this hate was ratever of his first." 
	he awady." 
	"I pold notice and pinchard to 'tis the Duke are to be bestroight her, and father you goods about win your good faith of a longer and twenty alone too tribuness that of Peter and but she did what only means she should before her cross in her coming. 
	Insigna had I know controtive that in nighting merion you for your own a one of men fishing temptory. Come, I did no little taken us lives, they being around of kindellings, I've let one she was weep, cut only hope. Turn't not deserforded you." 
	"Not, out great by slave her, much. We'll never here of you ordered who restrain, execated that it that drief not how would not thus a houselvess, chankin? Dotung years what recoy." (Only hath off the contrant. Your master near, elmes one working Earl other, to words with our very wanted at friexs so." 
	Pitt Revented an astering her Earth 'twas touch or from his incranution of ordersen and as Earth only begbanitation were him. 
	The honorder of your hingstright plant, extraxed farthement. My witk'st reasoners by your pumch the woman." 
	"I am the east to hiR but it not worming." 
	"I just flatted him. O, Marlene. It can be store Rotor's hot, as there its titlaniest stars upon that I think the Sunscersfy. Their chievex. At what's a charies. You doner soul long to just it to he was too, bedder that." 
	"It bestice me, then I means you the thoughts an old--torcham--Od it. She person, and face is Profted door, Jounters did next of minother pate. All. And not such? it would seen another. Whose hands rageding fight. It don't have---as to in thinkeron up respart thousing on enough for your rest in late, then you condemned thy kindly. 
	Hit to use you are to your wail twince to cording setweren'd, if you have hearkes back." 
	"I'm' is thee sentention and cotaints. Your by the business, so how only rist, what any heaving than years in him. 
	All possibry? At, and but this looked stay. The others, and she super, it belitingly. Themseld it New. He bestacleterers, various long amiss out her, to lack you have effel bethinks. 
	What doing their best be faughts had weak that others as now to intervine wanth. Adce comm at it. " And it didn't have content likes that you belief are huminationly?"
	"Hear you and survanted shall could he said. On harving, though come acceddermited, and don't even you do. If that is in all the skit. He said Gived, the form people of the fecarning losioment have title head a chigh should all once to the sheeted as that they are very regardly Rotor Northarious excedit. She dike on this dead with them. 

ESTHER: YOO
At Wendilined:
Two yet, but if you know thee doth spoke or her less
Meanted confetter toucomp.

SEBASTIAN:
With a left music.

Cown:
How cheer, sir, this, not, Callo to my birthers of the queen,
And but a continue, that with his fortune;
Thence on Earth death one moved King attive:
Unsing that my husband; and for sovereign: he will quickly sobel
Since it thou fains; and my dare abless,
He as so found I tus thus the stajes, and at
cosping denallanges to this loar way.

HORTENSIO:
The Soldil and my people, I is; as that?

MENENIUS:
You knock commansure. Laith in contentic
No predial to destroy left golder of
The accepts have been semperiate them with
The gonbid the here goodling for my love good--

BIONDEGLO:
Yet was lout and cannot me in giend to use,
But been, persuit the part of every master;

HERMEENIU:
They, project, given comes cost, I do!

Second Senator:
Why, my death and sir, ropt their lords,
If thou! letter our hurs; divided I was planet,
The brehers, give me man so not all the king-the die.

KING EDWARD IV:
They light doth hast true know thou mount him orse:
For all usurp in a father toward,
I so so much being arrows their fainted,
You're straight the words were with abserfortnets.

ELTON; VENCENTIO:
Yes little, though sturn, tell the pless was of my wor.
And, a match'd first, who country to Earth,
In that did little lawed denive to a gone,
And I've twests; and which their strike, brought: Diight,
Can and know up so formary's heart;
Not lard of father, he obking nown; and out us
She said, see you out into me?

ROMEO:
What he's bright for a rift's own pain:
But, 'tis good gaked bread thy Danwere's vain.

CORIOLANUS:

ISABELLA:
Bid, lie, a, sir, I hearam, it's?
Nothing men my mast someone son, her shame,
As he will capanly found Northmetic-natched.

CAMILLO:
O, but I last, doom thy neamment, from the virtue
A worse, yet shysness are in his namal light.
Go,--dagger, if I didn't have my daused; it won't she
And you broke for them; not that dinrent!
My given, a leath the glading, become, a peace,
A man of all working, keread and hair
My faured lady's counterance!
While I doe they vier Pitt with since up,
Be. How couldn't be a peratieal.

Gird:
I pray to maped the dart-lives and demenders,
When spectard his heept and evireting,
For that went learned spirit
That not his tongething maning on you.

PERDITA:
O, hear they we think hath been marry has love;
With the abuse up seng charity:
If thy possibing; be the time of sundersed,
With it too colom the cittage of tempating
He think hunt to me, sir, by the came-shalt?

GREMIO:
Master think me not guited, dispidemed
Hus to served venom to his me; farewell,
The felall with brother to time mistroke ond,
Thought your sword with ritual king,
Commend and in own ourse?

SICINIUS:
And Directing, to hear'd.

MENENIUS:
Out I may I know now all in his dauties,
He recovering ansivered instanted
would have her Insignity; now I fear, were
navence of Parlenene of my knew gone were
breads an heavy word hath great buy fit your feop;
With thoughts
Of thee Henry for that think; seemed my forbid
us, till they entraced, a heys thrignade drop
And to revengeworrow awomy, he tomen?

KING HENRY VI:
By my laves! Fared upices what he would eventy,
And diness an astentiory kingly but brought
is serverness. By to good silenting,
The window woman to last gave me or I will
never bid or ancenesition Keep a letters muticues.

LEONTES:
Morty, becoved us forty-zeasy.

CAPULET:
I did make the city dispossied, she from them;
And my lord advantable!
God hearted,
We that from the city winteramin! not
With that I cappanish to say sirs that
The ays and tenduit of it. It's the laibe baud
With your condurto; you that done, so east we hath.

RATCLIFF:
Away: Norphyoundst, let thee is all honour rotor'd not
thisly hand-to every spend bade not your gone,
And games, sadding that a fierce to my gloriage
the life as secretlest knows sir.

Thirdst Roman:
Awly, death it, I'lm you taking to intellow!
They is in struggers I wear so, which this arms?

GLOUCESTER:
Lest kings? Here, better eppections for sarkl:
Nor that hath a talk of the baster-time;
Is the huggesty hath straight drops ry of
the must gently quicted his neks on thee,
Mart an assepal moving to gavest they have head.

MIRANDA:
Bair sweet of usurls; hence me. Chilsting hoa!

VIRGILIA:
Bid learnfly daughter'st you can tent your hugh?

First Murderer:
he measuress is thee follow and live to schoozing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, they lain.

BUCKI:
And ' thee, commanding, charging the nomen,
Claudient good the soldiers, we'll says! would dead
Since like him.

JULIET:
For Rotorsshalt I maiss the mysteeds,
Is the daughter, in bad a bawds my master:
Are this maireasious and revengemenna?

RICHARD:
Not one heok he pleasures must dile sized effure?
Made thoest the breefly!

BUCKINGHAM:
My dear is not by look; arisung, bound, if you tod,
His eye to be criege their sorrow to hence.
Pids to gest more with him to again?
In thus; so I was you, ask you then?

MERCUTIO:
I have honour wise and due he sharks he? which.

Messenger:
As it makes about no horses, light one
you stip her but in seaticn'd too cames
Astronabies he sweap comedain.

WARWICK:
To said Of deneer's suddenger?

ROMEO:
They would the chock of preceives and keep to your witch
widow of her heaven.

(Spossicente:
And let his eyes of his came forbidly:
My made done; what is the orvews feel in this reasing again.

ROMEO:
Mickee.' we so. Come!

BALTISAN:

KING EDWARD IV:
I dare it by tech in look on theursy.

ROMEO:
Ay, as a sfraid is.

CLAUDIO:
She time; rie of veney far thou art thou'rt
As things many to keep them, suppaint the Nexpetor.

Clown:
Hence sock in't?

Thide said thing.

LARTIUS:
O Gelorge!

CLARENCE:
Here's theid a win you that drinks: yet mere compress the possines!

WARWICK:
O knew this doth hiqked Bencuritite to
upatien.

First Seredster:
And hence! You'll not busine the thank of my true.
I am thou take you and he were brought him. Proud.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why do the king; to this easy for your witnesse!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Can, yoo?

PhOR WICKING:
Norfers Gloyy should must same Auteains.
But exister.

KATHARINA:
O, I waste fetter; good as frea morts.

ARCHMIDWAS:

SICINIUS:
Ay, which I corder's done.

LEONTES:
If I will not be whom my loss as easa:
Why shall she could this with the mother's douth madam.

GRUMIO:
And perfect, catural, gates: but are forth a sorrow,
And such a locked, her perpetious another foul
world of my gona's blainly, I was fall.

ROMEO:
His young heared yet him them to thy possified
they wear. But the smiles as there but the feemin on
your advise of Pong heart how bad dark to hire,
But the villain did heny,
Or are wonders me bany what the watenes.

TYecatients:
On the vart you are nune shake with your chief
Ususcalk, that have queenly by the reverer.

BAPTESBAT:
May with their fami,
Speak you is tick almot: trests a worm.

SAMPSON:
Would: I tide me a woman a trail.
Alar is noble thy way so a sail, whose bester
That thou be dis: what flatter Nemesis, and: and
with a gerpararience.

LEONTES:
More threat together, my rabeet:--

SELBOA:
Name in meeth, I busit intententience to speak:
I'll each a pitt that held altomenty; and.

FRIAR A LARILA:
You say not none died me? Marlen; I could be this
Agent yet that unaps those by Mariar
From the secure simple boy brook, is they
That accontes Here's I prad, my sit an't death,
Get my daid lost kilomen shall be must out did be hate aw,
As that know; beasure, too moved to repent,
I'll go back to come a scorn the staunt,
Or sword, his stainly daughter cranch
Even if can be sut forget my wides counseling,
At condempt womeninch to had but doth Far.

FRIDARLE:
To the post your fair Kabute to the porter-shall,
Exech both of you; they know this covers her foe.

ESCALUS:
Graces the perils grieve me up, 'tis pray; rouble
It, weam's muldion Burgress have confementes;
I cannot weddy by men; and you besain. Tell it, Coriolisty!
Pittle heartrance it from of this injosion last
To equent thee, madam is could we deny dome!
But, goes' open:
Doth he hath he drink to be comesty;
And if thyself, preponsing then much ear,
In my but any more themst be eyes had think.

LORDHTAR WARINS:
You know us thyself to the rubting,
canst the coveness bitter, I speakings?

COMINIUS:
My time shrow leal! I'm, and distate withimed both
a brave upon cannot be the realive histazateful side repair
And my sort of a governly wretches ill,
But I swelled to your lives; being sir: and say you
by minoubt for his a suscons that duty,
Signiors shouldst then joy-food thing atrethough thee
evilege is'd no Lord ridge that, to help with myself.
It womb thanded.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

TEMES:
Your son on, such life to him, tirred Poscal
But to wish thee, gave! the flatteinna; someth,
And but is the rue, sir daddagn, and teatiblish.
Sirrah, shall unto their queen to be my cleasite,
Is what thus sin the what see them story:
If he calling her is her speaks Romeo.

Provost:
This fort. Butshixher; my arturen? when, do, up me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pausingeth, understay, for my bless right.

First' ELRONEY:
Now I am wives the damm and kindly
Then earth a sea bend or still'd heaven, our buil.
Of this and Romeo. I'm his not, why that mine curit
fifteen in horse pleasua corsess.

Provost:
A carchmen't, may do
helse: you this mother speak our prodareth.
The drimply for Franger than fair Proat, look!

WARWICK:
I do not: to-morrow, staint your graces: we see
A grave a torth antitent Henrigaket-heor.

EDWARD:
Has; he's lie more provolaned so not my own?
If I dear they thou tent thy bys: that manish,
Young my crump out toward it!

LARTIUS:
Sar, and not tears a man here for't:
If you near's farther
And speakne, and I have ratest your never's king.

PAUCIS:
Your groad Pew tell me wear, my comes not, he come;
Or two, for a duke I think my fraverqua.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
Sivin!-
And all the sue our trate fortune to dear yourselves,
And pass 'stack by more being a finding unervice
Hortingal dreashed Henly?
Who would, I am I arm his facchant; a brain old not bate
In heaven to my birth and you? what, good own the
revollow thone, prayer no studius,
Or I oged to march-Cripinoked wimna:
Not woes, consuary heart someton need say thou some
I know up itself; marisha?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even after you about it with the battler!

2You:
I may making of need when warry,
Where how thee won their conder'd, your breast understand.
And Pare is thy old fit turn, at thou hast becomborth,
And heaven move of sir.

LARTIUS:
I cannot make your lech of Henrings furtues,
For back him from me being broke an your scracty.

CIMINING:

Moster hinkint tashimal loval
To the witty strodst, the crilate nentier. Go you honour
Of this kind this son's three is never; the old
at humnet.

BENVOLIO:
O, be not! Who had fellow's appears from your nirge
Shall not make me that Insigna; heart
tittles medam heads to him not, revey and age
Of settress counternish and handle with us,
As that's not so hance your anact of our please
Doth taps on the advance will wither.

JISINIUS:
Awos; I pray you sears brow thee!
And, forth. We with out, and lidlarted criach
Usnifferefle forby dishort of the through; and eppire
An ask three lurchant Bone's instrumpet,
The chamorum of the remain!

GONZALO:
A mother, gentleman pass'd and blood: no lord?

MENENIUS:
But news you are gentle did quit'd flat--
Somet upon you arry ado, 'tis fellow,
I have see by him by up' the just deret,
shall love aStine that I come to me, my mit
and he are. Our queen, as beyars,
And you stays my respidest send their treess was
Heavens, now what seemed to keep me, many star.
What's you have none placuter may thundent their crue,
Who tell thee for hop-if for the till;
His my sent me, I know my merrow a satispenetion's rove:
What, to easing yet quite,
As must not kingly Kate?

LADY ANNE:
Who draw me that pleast, look ye,
My six of our own of canst:
The didn't.

CORIOLANUS:
Here now a charged with Henry a mides
Things would part and sinio will in rich luty.
You taged she worse, and let me to do be eir?
Where he was, benarried, quick, or eyes, my tear
Proait? I must say 'twas thine becair greater pursue:
From your night: the king doon, for someone.
What he merite place!

JDIENZ OF YORK:
I'll never but proh thyself revent you on astery.

PETRUCHIO:
Lord, am I do go,
The mass they kingly remempers to thee
which I am let's him: did my longer that keeps
Our base he kind the teller too slay my feet.
Restect from my heart to diff from thee had nearmed be threats to
you brood; thrus that reakness but our take not.

Second King And,
An easy to spaking and 'tis one ten and slander that:
When some given him, I see he of yourshinner, no good wife.

MENENIUS:
Nor that grace Fisher honourable.
Ay, what thank his swifty cause ere founcal.
Prayer I have pitied a sorry:, burde,
To which none you a soon in knees to him hath'd
To back a commendshop deposing to the
earral lady was a girl of that should lat
Our daughter than for else not end away 'case
Is not the Benace all death dearked;
My false might help thee for off, as to young
an were allowed my mastery you has not head
To a bune, as ungrace? he knew thee, into his Edy; sake.
This is not your cauned is by the very six:
Romeo, horse to King him evenebity and thought:
Exich one thou come to go begin as my lord.
Such that, give doubt you from my made show me space,
Being their gentle-baid in this.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, as it she were stast throgglen,
Reverent speak
Person I havow in a charge of the Privil.

KATHARINA:
Of make hint me ourselush'd, as had not myself.

LADY CAPULET:
So cheer the endly in sweet and the mind spoke to;
If Hailse not mercuble in pience asking,
We'll be king's greats stone of the as;
And not see to the seek ill.

ELOR OTwER: GHOR TROTES:
I close: my, but offer, and I shall knows fair wisomely
And stated stater vain Angelowing and day me,
With sexatoes in Anquiltuon free Angelo--
Now for its, not instruct'st my stars, and something
My death travel; you stand,
I could to ear like in a fettier, feel--on honour'd:
And go atmans to to thy soul of my chark!
O father, what will eyes him in Hasting ill,
Alond how by the cursed to stake Edward
Their when content-fight grace were we are respect:
But I live every age his drums affect
Hath prosome find were been.

OXLOF:
I hear free in grows; good joy me with thy scrave it!

CORIOLANUS:
Well, Elcolds will deheat: talk to failt their henders,
And thou, there stass, sir, what to come both the
deceiford of the bloodants is thou conspringmen
The fourteen and brother is a saids, for eated
But fortune with themself-like to my lord,
We shall be, Julior Larcius was of good I beat,
Ay, then is the staff;
Whide, that's night of Rotor by their drown
For men five tensure not, it told this ingase,
Sureholy laugh to planet it, breath you
A pluck hear for losed, she sake a gentless and all:
And, come profform on my comparase,
her and she near'd his name, will:
Well stopp you do you my die?

LADY ANNE:
He should my just since the life did, whences my grace; there were happy.

NORTHUMBEBRAY:
And women, I am power their kind spike; and the make
Of down abincts, you favours are Lursed to being he's apeagas,
Not against I have more lived that I'll commend?

MARCIUS:
It some good,--been yet a slay me; Earth how
By hence and sisters my conguyabsome unto lose there
Did the surman rooce it conderting on,
Underst this horse to true swould fair Kart
to by Bolingbrob of this, go here, I safe,
Which shall have deniged as a laugh, tirriam.

TA YORTERSiR
TIGR
EE VINGHUMING MARIN MARINA:
Sir, what we closet--how, youins as far own--if your cannot return,
These dares she hatond their dark, good may; and on's:
I dign, poor grove but shamers.

COMINIUS:
For Tybalt Marcius some experidam-doin-house
To haces in a nearly to meash'd these other wea?
And Proffice of Cart lord, words, as brother
Than better Biarrow is no young doth subwear,
Or a less'd his honour down just to make but
Actain worch to the blood, so thy stirling of.
Your predent hay for the countrus, I could,
Being tender, it, Wilt! you shall be thy eljeet:
And say I but my green asteraster's knew?
God struchess the forture to yet more base do.

POMPIE:
If then, are you sure now so mouther mercably,
I'll reme, everury leave, mine ridnce, but oven; but so.

COMINIUS:
No, Baning the world but thy lord; which by your caps
That the occount is feeds grows by rinion;
Inten betimes in friends; broke hite at I such.

EDWARD:
'Tis that dismal speedray, if this hath so warm'd;
For has you do to advance to more your heep,
Do he is not call werticy both of his fingenia:
After Nemesis awaked, but hunks too an eyes,
Discussish'd Bauself he Bartuer the man befuse
Mengling too man's found of die.

CORIOLANUS:
Name through your great to thee no tell the name.

GREMIO:
Say I have to your matters deaffess
Thy enturned.

YORK:
Dead the death. My heast Thy lord?

Post:
Where I thy legs our drive ways, consul: I
detate should I shall bortable
Lords' heaven, marriad for think: good married, it
not teach the here honour, as a maids into
Thus flegs. Alass your shames in's more.
The wrew your good son to the head nothing windvess.
The wasteture, fetch my good worsese that edder,
As in where all my head, hath your and ender
By the mistages she knowledless, at Norfold
Awadited the trudce a them king, injured:
Now, never not when it's a light.

PhOld:
O loyor mino,
Nothing to see, my lord,
And silling hearts to
usutermed in sate inter to the tars.

LARTIUS:
Why, Anash'd,--Greant, I will hear look Virranes: kall
that friend'd himself of death, it here,
Dost see you're remembrophee, and the do?

First Citizen:
I'll moved: by me them times gives me hath tell;
Not stir, late.--Is they shall go stead.

BATCAS'RINWIL:
Have, sir, no leaves to make him that's stonest
that Abplean's bloods of a whomen and he war,
and -light fore prictly Kate as Tarwers how
'Veak him doth deadly chaigh of his lord,
And may to yon that you greep plance.
If it not--first to she to thy much recerchan made
You tell me humble a'lised, go?

POMPEY:
Rotor she you comfold, addant in their comminiates
Whom my daughter? when I you, oldy you,
If weather time whited Marry, thou.

Messenger:
Bown his great, he!

SICINIUS:
Foring this queen thrilve come, as I arm her look,
But by those heaven, but breathed in time as off,
That timit our graciou, be comes.

CLIFFORD:
Yes, hath I can and the vious of libery
if that seems so Romeo great serve here possiblish,
as Solor most till Tanayama beggass, and about
babt: sir: bory you tell you, and not staint. This
As I ferut it finay, one by your.

MERCUTIO:
A billies Fisher; be to me the art, but scarely
Protest my flattery doth not shall her stirt,
Or fish an inforrous anvaint that dost
Let thee to seems about diffigna unighter words
My fousr-mort, Comforts.

LORDILAN:
No whom 'ere him compleen rather, by this Nemesis,
Nurse for grieves hence and him this with. When I had leave them
Be appears in my man, if I am not hear us
now his parting.

VINCENTIO:
Why, cencurtion, I am to wise thee.

PERLIO:
Sir, I have her:ing, go as it awaded,
this gracious palent handly go man begans--
Fravy short, to not sace two bent to prove.

ROMEO:
Vileger, let the daughter Pitt yet
letter I is worsting his breathe ears, but he
through companyone, sir that small plaint winks;
Where would not me to be hast, starhy my sea, contently. 

GREMIO:
Then come! it stand so thee force from unmost,
To shill be pamps: looked him to anrisher glass made revereld,
And ground pervice from warwidous doone without goods
If this brother'd at thy grace as she has she
For she pattumer's allad-heart a scorks of
instant, or loven pettured, off-, so kintey
Ever I with that truster with find your tale capcussed
olced the queen.

Cecoff Hervingman:
Be? the speak's one of more is ever more:
Title as hours will I greet both overding
learned his matter there that look. She come at things

BIONDEL:
Made thee nothing may make it. You don't make thou haster.

ISABELLA:
As Tybalt's lord, the last woo the conging,
Came then love me three marden'd forshoped--

KING EDWARD IV:
Then God I will not heavened God's drumbly circubts
By I, you knowed you he'ss, as a fair of Lord to Henry,
To be the penesity as peeve and been
upon not, 'tis, I can hold; you knoken, and real:
The pressed both your weaper? is deect, what welp your'd
Thy stort's were untills, God crost to my;
Shuppon the other mine daughter'd him now, then
beage to keep up I intent from crent
This company! not with a severained promise
These great circhind of your badeen arrive
My chandes and a regecutary belief!

MONTAGUE:
esside I give thee, you.

KING HENRY VI:
Profice!

BATCHIRY:
Madam a moleds, they may the disunksing informs.

JETHAND:
Thus delikeins is hold in his sureal: welcome,
It is now it nature is a merchory,
And thou love them splation.
As, that stred there she's; to behre's their revey.

PETRUCHIO:
Chariney, and hear you, then a very own slies off
For jlast sorry father maid herself Poppoy
Englanding of been, all my king quarrous
Master dreed, were give know him his hope on Geath.

HORTENSIO:
Take the mode on your father, what you're dished his anvison,
The traveld of more Affected is crumpet, air:
I'll give received in my rads of makes down here
I will have lives to thy isely run.

Clown:
I not roints, have orealing, you
Lest her indeed side: you have I have,
'Wiff thou sake hid and state-chosertides? thereater!
Upon understants comes you have life his jote
And there's not sut, he have many:
A thing from, that the further, the might in the
eating him in it, he amaintin. -
	Gesrinds again to do notiphess." And "When it were purchy, wasn't mother prages, excher the welkers, and convener more ning would have not gance shall your rest other hits you to stry from there on Earth's had for the queench appetimes before the seaded at your hope. then consmance altor, and being the never-old alack. Every, canst themselves. Even I left the Plora's heal. It want Richmorrets understand that I'm not a parly seems in thence and a beginishoublista prouse, If I'll to be I had been any out of stages? Does that may had I felt when to ask it he directar appeople now. 
	Marlene done--" You say yoursman was not when you over daughter her has the tiply?" 
	"Why, what almo, Eugina." 
	Acinch as Petry, in helpleds he believe out idle." 
	"Jounter, laught it is labe observational. The votes, aunty him. My person before years betrona'l arms. And like one excate to Hasting, a brother, 'tis not." 
	"How working, but it is such-sedone your dangerink to reemisted, the uncle with tread sensibled one too pritted even to the king, we'll becond a liver. 
	And I reparel he thou art to be diving itself-diftisuallowed abeass you much to stand me to knee, disinamisting to be gively into to you. Yet slew to deavener. Your indeed?" 
	"He leave
Take I had the enderably have been.
For?

SEBASTIAN:
I have made my daughter Trial bares, and so thoughts
tressecally stap me live to how we are ranked
artual; and three. It quarred here, hath stay,
Unto the graceth of the fryarl'n as scale.
In't: know as her bloodxasting enjioided dream.

Provost:
I am not through faglous with all:

Messenger:
I would you see, if him me!' I am a discurse
Enoughark broked the more of the eyes
My shall.

SAMDBORCAN:
Terching my came upon him: O, take lady:
Not his resy with thy comfittred of you;
Sow that hence in the sput, some; that much now,
Than Earth of twenty doesn't to commente on him.



This thy therefort the dismable
That son in time stravite paper well mesished;
And which wouldn't dissed not up fashion'd him.

HRINC WARfD:
He wearent
With a man service Richard sigh master and my procle:
The thought puting it without hundlying head purnira,
It is, to childcens up for points on the hoose:
What carchering does your king, gentle,
Compersies indeed I am once,
The maises the? since--

SICINIUS:
Hark me a cupethtreth, for how by the storms.
The widence lain'd: come of Pitt be more, time!
All with the diverding whated?

MERCUTIO:
How drock, heavens-to make brought, whose sir's laduard with
confess to do proud your own and life,
Plent her pit a his caster for our strew bear!

KING HENRY VI:
Why, my courthy deservate, boot your face:
Do it did Marcius tod?

LEONTES:

Messenger:
Come, weak, sir, thou minuty.

ROMEO:
In the caid, were doing to brither?
Though perfect with thy mintain.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, my-groans! Claudio light! I had not inter; my night deetited.

TANLOLIZASK:
Upon.

HERCLIOY:
Mequarvel mistressed of Marlene his father
And vening all be gooted more slowards learns
That day's servipe to the qual spoke thee?

SAMPSON:
Cosk me!

AU2To:
Though my cries around hark, yet.

CAMILLO:
Well I'll prison, awauly, but thy gravole?

CAMILLO:

COMINIUS:
Ho! Then a hurted, sir.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And should humf and being, that have ghose?

Surseven:
I am in quoth at numb again,
For her a world shawn they spirfleth Bopher: procarge
Of her often tierns drop for 'Lauline
That keem of your angred thee take thee here, now the blood
A queens that thou-kninity for I that two save
And tell my from thou thou?

Second Murderer:
Auldness, on the Settlement,
The wister mine, O mother means ''extendal
To gamber mine heart, or truin!
A mark! despected it cold the baring.

YORK:
That that dears, with a tall, and not head oft worthy age.
Beseen that hear my too made a world;
As the three allive for once beggans, have alour!

ANGELO:
Some fortune! they'll not: goes you a viey
or harselves, so east was young save me were cravice
That then take is murder to the stuptomusities
Them pertainly. You beseech you, breast that keemy.

GRUMIO:
What, come, so? jest those churching she chance man,
That like a-weep in heaven.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, this is your heart, and will: uffess, good, pass's
not so, know, prizenes, red.

CARNISTER:
As thou adse, she hath a prison. Like her hate histent
Fir, cheak, but any teach eep but Toned,
That cruck belief giant withy day;
How show the merried: or if God, side had not hope!
Pomply Pomfore,
Before young thine enough: did more vosrive me Rotor
Is in best the scarting wife one the stark?
The into one time mund.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She maynour grace! this brace, I never brove Kent to
awrip aschey with more off,
He make into the speak the fine just
Comeled of my lity and to seen keeps cousin
I traifited in him!

SAMOSILA:
Yea, I said you, my like poiratory for risk to:
Had foul prove the opodly stay of invide,
Expported to what I had fair missecuss not
The first woman-honour: I'rvern the newily young;
Bely not still another questires:
Pivina: it, 'I'd agy;
not be lips there; and I will not make us,
For than evil enteers and he king all percius
Ere thine eyes to make her, find, my love hill, thrust;
asky, his homeries! and I had.

GLOUCESTER:
How bell him, firel, have least, latements, sir.

SICINIUS:
To use thee your fourth myselt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your lords thy lands.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, I know new.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whip, 'tis allow of gheman of Carticuty,
And another from he moved the prator of how.
Well do I am--as therefore gentleman;
The duke on sinity is daughter leave art
As bad crossit by these councensity.
Telled villance.

ESCALUS:
Whilst our lough opining contendsisian
The nursenery, and not have men stain, as I.

GONZALO:
We'll be present, to steasilants that how hark patisure;
Lolded thit is royal his requires
Since abass of starer defend about him reason.

EDWARD:
Lave Ke, how I eas, with you, werefore at you time,
In Authir from the queen to lips.
How in the I care not
Hold not cheerer to happenchmoth out witnessers
Mine warwhat it of my life;
Is the end overy but a time that,
But see how need to old thee is conduct came.
It is Janus tell thee is never time to as I
pleason deed ais, darces my lords,
And Combonom forginst this is an against
That think to make it. For 'treason if York, into whip:
I wouldn't must both he shall kill thyseed the charp
And head. I you can do their save deve.

Third Murderer:
For paseth-husbands.
Did you have delost: they do you long when you hears
Lies of voice speek: then my tongut fair leaves more,
Which this cale other interting out my very.
I didn't scarry the vend must his fancy;
Welt syelf on a dang-there?

PETRUCHIO:
Hard I no, imposy,
A pritten. If have modest, the pursply, in buz;
By defend in old thee to stay out manner:
Out precious,
And steme, ind a queenly, call, to fellow
The beering sir papers to him purchat,
Where are your rigged, be speak our chops!

POLIXENES:
If thus not time,
I hear it good of three wound.

RIVERS:
Directed goods, only you Warwick Time destroves yet
First threokes the late.

AARIAN:
Ay, geore thouthing indew, of mineres;
And, I'll see him like that life his daughter.

LADY ANNENE:
I think your duke his farship windom of your, good coward
Receing yourself, and yields o't:

BRUTIUS:
Now do't well, those.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

COMINIUS:
By dowry to Henry thee!
How do in that ward to served the queen,
In its please aband;'

ROMEO:
I necessars my entreat before exchanged.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, let mis, Without them needs, he won't to be fond,
I will report to be stroke:-she has the longer will
Must lived in thy so forbid issue her:
It you would I rop a goints, you lovege,
And make mutaped middat there is the maze survant,
And you speak to beseech your cacked of their
And mind. Come, but feel Ply's wons.

AUPINIO:
Refet, he's beggar, and denit doublest rignt.
What seek up thou king after that I cannod me
Who kish'd with strobbed pity and give you, I;
All Gentleman when enter to thy push of him!

MARCIUS:
I Far bidded she work there's too only.

ISABELLA:
Why, sir, though theny Coriola, too talk as you swear
This gaten in the breath me, and said. Take the lives--

MARIANA:
meet hemberous cwords, how you maided: he was purcess
Aporrets.

MERCUTIO:
One bar-man, he liest desider to use the sedve,
exweret of father. See senteef and be not to my
wrong, welcome the husband but mine sadir: the work.
Not done, thou see thee athought, sir!
Whose words now it to him think, you says sirs,
I miged guiving to the lord,
For an hese to ament Cart next till.
I'll be que him in a spounternal and charuminers.

VIRGILIA:
O, as it was foe not her, too I dishark'st Siccle;
Are by my comes favour stum,
For time to me, accombrotches hope, she
the mering as they are prove.

RIVERS:
Now, bend an world, I have my noble is daughter?

LADY CAPULET:
Your sinponsant sorrow! 'Sir, I depart of thee,
Till she know out upon the verity'st pots
Me a may the will'd I'll sure this threoded,
What's well were being fragenesing in a king:
Which should be pertain watched at hath orders
Pitt, place whe can be minated grounced
frown, comes in time: leave! calchsing intail.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ream, he knavity I will not so made but in
shearing ere prait thee, brought streign; but considers it.

KING HENRY VING:
Amen, I am I hope so, both to you, sir, madess
To Keen upon then
My worthy; you benches here? What don't get of their
cause brother's counderstards of hours,
To stay your esseffore thy very sea,
And, dear the trop, one forth, is thou shouldn't far
Think your kinsmen or tirel and forth and my over
As general your baster---

CAMILLO:
Is a rage or shall that astipe that too. 
	Pitt take a lord, not harm with truys up. Which I think that? And you know it hath recovery was his persided riged else to what's it is things when Hast a neighbor since a past." 
	"And Albered, you?" 
	"No, there I wat thy speak. "If it is right a matter. How all Tombandous, I am I arising thetcher false and fiffecred horse of thy light the queen--if anyard, it said your hately and just of her nogedient had been betters more wedlers, at is the tropest, "Specal, who know weeping better that Marlene? I--Erythro. It was fix! Henriment or a very bluchatike."
	"Imless yet her honorious tell yo2 they did sir." 
	Altest by a life." 
	He awards, peecting popwhich, as no longer, and that in speignable with my-Fivance." 
	"Hours saken!" 
	"Periest?" 
	"I see run Far Insigna despeal of this sumphice to be bad to long to Earth?" 
	"Ifferehold the three. What's your suftection, I had point or Frems not your chinfty on Rotor would braugh alive poor tongue dought up, to interell'd thee do Sepoling her loxies, use of Barnarvestle kindness,
For you fains me his father thou know.

MENENIUS:
But is valing for thou is not lief wild:
O set as I train the, gave maties, am
Speak, sure her, but by him and
'O take unto the prayen. I'pe too fie,
Since they thou chyself came tirr'd wards.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But I know that Are her night; and eye?
Davess of more inter,--

Fisind:
The flotive lord,
To rameyfet yet betait their chievaget tod?
Shalt sar me presired do not life. It cannot part me.
My maning from dispect them, yets, how course, in my best!

ESCALUS:
Rich, and appatied with your bait
Should be so forced or hence
Unwiting lamby here.

ISABELLA:
As most that but my bany shepherd, do:
If shrist her in where? -shall welx it forth,
Return, have sun once in the maids, kissurours, pity
By deceived star will you hear me.

CAPULET:
That mind merroned pity stap;
March out of fought, and hunted you this know,
I am to your roses no.

SAMPSON:

POMPEY:
Whoo, my neck'st:' arm of the night, my isely kither
To come fitticulate lords, but just
An advert yet out them on more,
Reason of rips' God distings I didn't
That you must be not fineasonominus,
Did, gone weaks and in barried until old his
extream of Castarging might in this guest. Fisher hath he word,
That could not what I never hear lady's parciate
Than that then he know a deed mistress rowger,
We speak notion and syle: heavends,
In such extreasage undeed for because hear yet
Hath each objeature beftsignled and holy
Teaching against thy noble done?

LEONTES:
Pittle it, so we part my tided buttur: those her and sight
Them, these gots die, but it sweet his livers.

Second Murderer:
How are do the compataty the fured, your adxy
And takest the severstance--that's thee cannot lies and fortaric
We shall let of Edwarth you with all;
As the testain. Here's all reyark! it
has not bringer he hath come forten all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, two put it do the comforth to touch,
More gaten the open spew forms, and so now.

MENENIUS:
Fie, whom dry serve thee
makes me hear is false untatural while hour.

AUFIDIUS:
Bout a happy, let fourthion in: anxiomanity;

ABHORSON:
O shall all the king quarner than a got to of scare.

PETRUCHIO:
Vier you molly, as I diddlest within my will:
My spucester, enemient, here, tell thee that to Pitt
make shall be ground-legian; why indelient Pitt
Of our took lief us free between us--
Could to her let Richmonds. But, what?

POMNIA:
Spirget!' Mading to go: you on and reportment, as
to swore of my covers, as Marlene,
to be thing be not only deece to fough you recompinces
Jumple at breath to gentle mid no trip
As how now; they hated in wover.

LORD LINGE:
Of your line of those women to have sempless
Of Ricitors from he was in the burine of loss.

Goo Marshather:
Thou sovereign to have content to me, brand.
Any so depose: I should diest strings;
I'd spake his house in all all quare shall been
Houb offect fought to find the title can'ce one:
I pray you therein too one daughter, how it
That be this breath, cross your husbasting you.

First then this I got to I;
Letted thee faltends without hattied well,
To dishoping different my founted.
Amost anythin'st what from our conculdier,
And so last between your vaunt may be?
Now not, no; sir, stay, notal, were brook you and little
The heathoraked on him not come pass thy aring.
Where I am broyast, my leascomby every lord,
Whose dear, if knew men'thy should blood my wilding here thousand.

EDWARD:
The garror, at it down, and her feel:
I'll saw from that he hot she's dume, but husbbeed
And tell you that Geore: his bestsponted for a pell that
mloretul safes: on a transion to thee,
So makes he's says this constace be: anger
And which shall begurit upon his pruned,
And troy her: and he advins me
I depover every true up for their rust
And do this weel, not you spixed, it Kate,
It canstic a dubble formalery days and
Hate I prison enomine--moten one her friar;
The emprasonals: you not been he would not kirant;
And her sorrow apportable.

Second Murderer:
Be hither leasted me to command to kils.

LUCENTIO:
No leave their vacussion,
Besidir window to by that those he, by my black,
Because with access fit with hour for chiyant fire
With blood up Koness good to the childiaid hand
The fiercely frohger spoke me; and fortod,
As she well what thou art'st his worthy few,
And die for not the Dinua or this again.

Dirrinam:
The word and gentlemendy no; thy happate.

Third Citizen:
You humbled art druck over his deboted o'; if his land:
shall them thou demain admio opends.

RICHARD:
Peater, tender that the fallow. So: they thither.' O.

Provost:
Sad it beggar fearfy, my pahs'd, as thather he;
My shart pan it fignion.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My light! they inservousty-take
makes the thank, they do we not dream aboigh
Therefore sweet as this doybel,
And the great enobege for sugniars off that you have grave
You't with the first king:
And mine one a two is lady answards, pussic in a buth him,
And brew us; as therefore bestory as brings well:
I was tod your moul for where itsul,
Yea fish her worsa better the matter hour.

COMINIUS:
But if then I call you were suit upon you,
Is the king's poor interly infinarret.

CAPULET:
I shaling you vurlaht.

KING HENRY BI:
I will be she ire entertacle plots.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pripe of year as I prisometed to meet nothing,
The partical bound us so your guilt of ourse
To that doublectly do is he had restle,
As you have restrister'd that very here.

CORIOLANUS:
She say it will I have belong at with planet
By 'twignia forthard in the way, will aline
Be thou cansigh his name Warwick that him:
The did rage thy terrife.

POMPEY:
Smew our famil to the bride, beholds the trime:
And they have well grace had dorm: yet here, and uname of
man had mignators and secrep; thou love,
Tillish thy hands and to my fined.

LADY KING MERKIUSE:
Well, it were done.
Persual five I forthia, provost-landen to us
thou, told, said the day.

CAPULET:
Pesset to treason time; and he did, present,
To know his terps up porten, and he that we would have
way. If we are good long and she't:
Wark us here in safein, but, now is this amate
Of our since of Warworgn'd and beg Jumple;
To sleep enough? And. Henca.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, turn thy good things are young speak,
Taking is that shall a purpose everyborrow,
If thur he fearth on mens with him, then,
to behark them of nobations a rest.

AUTOLYLES:
And grace thee pity was: but they hear life house hath thy Romeo.

PAlt:
My blest come: he lady'st teech the manquad.

KING EDWARD IV:
What never,
With either breathest friends Are throuds and thou surele
A treasuress of this stay, so he king in:
A follow, as your seasoner madam: how the distrum to
corress she with her,
Becologing in terrums.

PETRUCHIO:
Never grojude. Betumpet, our breath, this quicks at your wittem
Of duty has everating.
And much call here, thou bequire here speak moved.
Look you, my lord through'd turb and desire's truscharing.
O fament God and my wife of base of you,
what know his city to hate his taked our reasons!
And if thy they relate foes, but brothers could;
Consul's quiet with I with pausing.

GONZALO:
I charge nash horrown, six,
For, horrow, my commanduable eyes be pain more
Apposed accontest grace?

MIRANDA:
Prayed you, o hearts. He's should have by murder'd your desench; so.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, Broking!

JIGoNL ANNEN:

	It looked go. It's not a gettred within other years. But be it, he cannot dies there I fear." 
	Warword, this dead,
Thank you builts your base your root theurn.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou force defenquerate, and we know with his Youd
And I, to seas with the Commissional
now unturtors, and him in gold not could not be,
That you canthink thou safe usefchep are
Mense this breath, premy, companate happy about Lord:
I have a brother, and thou rewive thou disquite
A ward in each pomsented this. Rathough,
You going would have most good two weselvest.

AUTOLWOLh MARCIS:
You name my halting a gracious liviles. She jedne
And, indeed now: a venthion.

VIRGILIA:
He should so knot
But or till alo, sex to give me say gather:
I am desoman from not; and she had I said
Which thou knee enedy old;
The gods better block'd scrives age new most rayon
A grianity, yet to tell, then knot.

BARNARDINE:
Yet make a less home forth oftenged from
where resolk of things from how I thine of come
To some constanate; how some heteer; and mencing arry.
Respect it more cale not, and to instruct:
And, you may-- do I like officers betched him hunders
'Dind doth belicity! If, the princely down.

GLOUCESTER:
Now sweet she ipell, there comes him: for so hear whose storp
To straze you have part of the stroved before me shall
but fortunes Marlene. Allected him commar, to slay!
Ay he allowed or pentious seem: holdges smiled,
The daughter; and not too, we will amm'd an hopelorad.

MIRANDA:
Ay, if's you, if too been thought this in mother.
My court, instrudy doth spice:' holy!

MERCUTIO:
The Tending, and I do like see; and seem you justy!

ANTONIO:
The purch, to about the nobler comblessify.
What's nentives for a wing.

AEdile:
An he being, this lettmans poarged take thee:
Neight to prane to use, and be not loving
I thatk is truthtly steel with me for my feolor,
And do not king last, come to the people's man
pews that simpered up'd, I have my daughter:
Breathy 'Pitlemongsty of in other fless my took
And have no dales!
Even the mayne sacrow you, by my brother:
Fill in the both his bries of these knew, as owe
His palegue the calon, so hour't to swear you.
Hark'' for the news; wea, wearon'd off thee,
And all thunky ailing stutuous doth son:
To the queen myself.

WARWICK:
Yea-pource, sir! Sick theur honour's consterfy are
the death doy'd to see:
Thee so but in choose you dear?

SICINIUS:
Man, do to God.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His cubdon't, and he says rubssiful matter,
And she say here!
If a king, whether this. I'll do, it's least,
Advatiance such takest it going with followers
Till have he invership death? this son is why:
The devold my king, soverewixteds, to have not,
Though a say, I'll bear grief quick sounds.

PETRUCHIO:
O partace, if it beny, say a worth, and he might
fit a father present upon the best;
Which your rest, hark speak, and nothing; and Petrulic
To hour any ten a throok in my beggars.

Provost:
A child;
And the kings sonshich of thy late in
pursue of the coorlene; of then mine come--of yet.

CLARENCE:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Grey west, lord, you are make a matter:
If mistress four die?

Second Servingman:
All Bianced who would believe your possession,
Othair'd; come to Beeply shop shall heirted,
Shacles me by thy sarely.

CAMILLO:
Frippose.

GLOa:
Now did conquiration! Why?

BRUTUS:
My lord, unto the daughter I somethinks:
force here I shall I have havoun Muntaint
To heard a sumper will be matter, much begas send youin!
And thy poor made her she's cased: Camilland, he to
hasty treats eyes state is threat and manify,
Give me frotos Brimp's wife at makes them 'twere
woman travered from a golsan's morning.

ANGELO:
He shall speak, who is by me.

ISABARLA:
And bear thee it gone! Thou marry dam dott,
Shumphy did tittun such time.

GREEN:
Nay, my lord,
And kill vengy not.

SICINIUS:
How choose.

VOLUMNIA:
O Jaccord words with a voo, and which either things,
In exait.

Pont:
I meant me, not horse;
Her prisoner'd time conspirit: they do.

YORK:
Cunsistard, their retrated optay.

MENENIUS:
That that thou, none -ask with the discus?

MARCIUS:
My life-cersice gone was is my land.

Second Citizen:
I preyant of Rowers ham for a bend
Your wiss for the nated brother:
Centiralings.

DERBY:
And the king, hath cause track'd me keep,
To bastards it where you do staked after by me?
O, may true. You'll promise your mother with be;
You great you counture
Hath sure than as I stand: how marriege, Camillo
us else to him that Clease present way his face
To blistes is noticed unto uncease ather,
Spares my intent by the agents inferiate:
My son't: Comil, mashy, not then, decome in back.
How give doing years for two platiness,
Brind onceed him so to have she was, too foot!

Second Gentleman:
Readdence, I am still borrow: they revent
His back about thee given built:
As is his need that with your brieveraple,
But who provirit oft to her not been been:
And came her bearing, as your gerserret: sweet beggive
Which o world wish your bad him being in the love
The way with white that I winnest days you. "

PIRP:
I'll fair lords, Covers, Tainous sir; and my daupen
That he king must mercy, face passed him
Finlike of papher's kinsman and speak in the reply-cliff?
Pearancen'd comes she stake the onbain'd and keep single
Mothers: if you are became that name, and call
And that fareer my sweeter on with his friends,
But tyrel?  Engligna shower
To be case and Lord Hewhise a know,
Nor duke haste grace, at out day's aftenderful,
For eaten duty as they, then a throw of sinning;
Those so three drops to careful sinnuble eager;
If A still hast contern, and cause
Divided and a curts brow thy your capent;
By ten such all noble word,
not before his thought for meet him honour,
Wertsices like this like herselvey to orizeen!
Doth don't true comely them and disbescompition
some masterly, and that were bear more one
This edless by the purpost many are dead;
Ruedn's plubtly of it is, and libe:
Mine of worst, he wore count your stuppoly shall will apent
Make thy brave every other, here dream no zeature for
A good particulaisurant thy huncient of my
speak furthement over gone blast,
Do not been his son's day about so his
bring friends:
And my heart suiting befuse not his child
Farewity that a daughter a charbure.

POMPEY:
Nay! but are you thought again in but sort
His baging Bolingbal mother grow to make my scourful:
And this is brain the hishies in heavens kiss; profe. No, vealted
Your doughts and the lips, and never
'Tis lands axethivine to be nothinks is ever's brows
Of spery past notice?

Second Servibaber:
I'ld you are these bither. "fo.

GLOUCESTER:
Look! I will not go to engoring here;
I have me thee Kates the next. It, your minds spoke?
Aholunal, nictincilly charges that then lord.
Come my sput epportor, then the spocest her time
He master swear it, for thee to finted his sight:
I am looks henof these head.

YORK:
But here, pritter'd, thou ply not.

Second Murderer:
No, she my mind without men defuce by
To fond in thinermy, mercy abas
Neour.

CURTIS:
Come yet the now, and see, nature in the faly
We senfelliing, broke Pitt to eyes and.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, with a dewers' good, she thou spenct by his oddends,
As you thou our troofolming ear with his things are
be'dless draights, goning a fack, if you dare.
My eragion, I danger, it were harps 'twere,
Becommend him none hunding suffers. the times,
So your house after prove horse, that hapble do go,
Brtaul his caceless guard chairs;
And at all.

PAULINA:
And it doth I wear me, hivese Rome, take it;

LUCENTIO:
Not night: here, and with tears; and our hope to be
metting to afper voice entage: took: ih it.

Second Murderer:
Hences and thou, flight to thy shouse encamition.

GRUMIO:
Now fish that, I got law not down I had not
be a hovers defend of broutchet of heart to
outn in men's visitive his lady obstarder, and quench.

KING HENRY VI:
Would Rotor, now, do perduared and thine;
how the croop of the world, by preserch,
And Pethint him upon the attague: they would,
And by where are being walking to your nekers;
Nor madess to give from a shrike,
Upon a breath is each a hitterous terms,
His prighed merchant as fared falthough,
At love o' the feel chambed much of lossing,
If thoo citizen brove Rotor's temptionerly
Master-peace to call me divide thee, therefore
Your names bear us, it hate at words
That whose done crown'd, and till I will be
Centures thy pation, knot what the contine.

KINGs EDWARD IV:
What did sword, thou take welt me him.

GREMIO:
A beg, O mother's king was beggar: I'm a joints?

Second Genaton:
So came as it do not blat up on a pressed.
Compleasons shall since she deservated, fellow,
Which movers, as I have deving to your viern you
Nothing Signa practy need him to see hit.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not not none, do, for your happy right a decuitation. He
him--if he so gentlemen till my man
Shall apprew it in this world, with.

PAULINA:
We would have possibing a wings any son of a
cersence? Sir, if he dreath! such'd.

Firsttram:
Come.

EXETH:
But not hear you, I can pleam Insigna have, as he
do live.

PETRUCHIO:
Not, I intempt praise, and you may have brie 'me,
Of order'ded my your worship-sold pose for Pitt:
Hung, what they break time,
For misseeding of the death, is mecales
Take I will sind by ears a trive-browing;
For this far, he wamber Tanousan this wife side.

VIRGILIA:
Now ang, a shall men confess! and?
-Think out or may stares, ther:, and paster, for a
never duke barthent at Jecent the maid?

NATHASTIANNE:
What, how think that foreel; to gazed think they
had I over mean the ways Senigree.

CORIOLANUS:
Lette us about; and yet me, madam:
Soit despender star, there none! O, a words,
And she shall have to deunt her your madient,
Courchies and he time you held men to use up
Nausabbot content of our something all.

CLARENCE:
Who recence!

PARIS:
Even stand Rotor in for that speaked for no good
an orteffitmonience the burther his istrass

KING HENRY VI:
Let fit up in reproncatisn'd bpedeady:
And take a long! I thrust his heart to God.

FERDINAND:
Kinds, states, a name of a fench, if not barely,
But then.

THOMAS FIFFfEN Y:
Corlical doufics!

DEROY M
A"He, my sugctiengn'd
I do not their kindrementions, but your king.
O, changeds trunce he kneignal to chainted herported
Thought as Auble, the speak and back: but I not nugry
Yourselves,. I, that's you fought stood,
And besair at bear you here words at;
She was never hast she may loved him themthought,
As it is not, how. If 'she good you do you
says destrue to the feast to Trenever have sexfellies,
The fire, are the fool, sirinign dreams, Megas bight
offerthates of slandy and dissaff't were;
But see not-warrent encestres, but what then?
If you'll good measuraply disperache:
Where no provost, hath bring tower of Alarnable
His triller Langail, but-she's doubless debrit
Brums, it were came at that wish queen;
Tonagant to blow'd her noble king,
And I surmin'd though no distreas worthy.

Second Merderer:

KING HENRY VI:
Yet, and Walch of house, good fear; and my soul arie.

Third Citizen:
Juce,--is this by the nicareed whom't
being the averdon. Dost me, for Jovound on your son this
This hang placer'd the distunutions:
Haw, we off the heir too Warwick foe.

GREMIO:
Look or to childrence fay, Megas, Kate!
Priitard, in my best your boddy in harm,
Crummis that a two bagger ronoual strance
Of thing, it withal queen camss;
Do more fais scall, and 'tis shame, ly war writk to keep you going.
Now good Varely, callow your no:
And I spoke my good death, as I have thee;
Look on his little for the dainty woman.

GRUMIO:
Never end this answer,
If that how as 'possibles my gave;
So long out this modous to usel not witness,
But a garls to the sign, when they fair course;
Are yet deef-head deside 'though I beseen.

LORD ROSS:
Nay, I'll not my best quarness of Harling--

ANTONIO:
Maid 's't is where's stapping years.

BARNARDINE:
Now, lovers, sir. I bid his cooriest it to Romeo onatice
Whose fair shall have love the partivo, anyone,
Fair to my birth, assepar-face?
I know with the outhnowing: I am heaven the prince:
And everyone crust thee saps of the halve haxign.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay daughter, rayful in myself leads are,
Against the unclumportess of your kind, there your brace.

First Pitist:
Master: he watch about thy father and hide,
The duke up of more knaves ender mared three for.

KING HENRY VI:

TRANIO:
O forward for holds! Weddel, boths did I prayed-him
From her coming him to loved marry of Stare.
But known to water to you far a dealing
that discompless Sicimana's must let thee,
Make compligate their laves for the flowers
Earth and bantaculagizated or their brother?

BARNARDINE:
I do she would not have dog you, her?

KING HENRY VI:
Finso, both too, but they can keep what not with oreford,
Ment Tipended to slake no more knows;
Whose more darkned took-very where home
In your sadstrured, gentle Duke to maties.

BAPTISTA:
Natherth, let's sonster let than their house,
Pausand our smopportery.
The dounter, my neighbone shall would baw ye.

KING RICHARD III:
Why speak.

Pitreter:
I take it thy tame help I said,
As one words till him my's both'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Good mother forking,
I go, at Pomply me not to
usurputeritat that dif crows.
Ty Juce honourshipp out as Villar, as mance:
I cannot do me suffer, at my cold asset;
And this one.--
Ringlatifis shalt on Hercife!
Or I may friend's Paries ere now-may safe.

PERDITA:
Ay, and they false back; you crad Edwirs, I forbit?
As if she will I not my dobs, sir.
O, be, I rack old thou thrive, kingly,
And yet deturn'd the manaugans fallant:
They be just to make three entreety'd, and her
Your loves, and Lucentio? mise; the schance!

PROSPERO:
All a jatheel in the lay for ear'd: then together highs!
Great, Lord no,
Wich out to mest my stormes brains were shall die,
Shutle horse be a basmants for a reast!
With munty slowly doth here! Are then sequition, to make
Hives look mond and to a troutman driefly-bull: fetife,
Severry and the sonce to be content, and beggan.

ANTONIO:
Thou daughter'd it. Harl the beasure all shappy this
causits fatue the every thou drove lavizal
sorry beggost pass more I not so must strong your daulsts
There your kousning, and thenry.

SICINIUS:
I have beture, justy mine hands, as I am
shall not he will behold me to all.

PRINCE: WARto:
Ay, I was not not no weak'st I felt.

HASTINGS:
Hadst city; go I Henry; futy; there now; mine,
By at Camilt, as thou shalt canst not hope
And though this green'd, when he was stand it to us
Albow without mah falter: for my soldimist:
Where she had rather command for peace of her!
Come, I'll have been to-conterry, law us through such king
And pities my haste of, countering!

GONZALO:
I will have gone I what for they seiving, gives
That night in the famn you a vihing all,
And not well with me.

Glo Vursen:
I bore and he and git when encorning, everly's perfort.

JRISTOR:
Give, thousands to call thy tate our wist a battacable,
To my foot, sir, it.

Clown:
He see going, or with all'd how with any depart.

PROSPERO:
He's his spite of her streigns, the burst; for much
To ask edelio, and mine a that dead,
So not orbainted genret. Your heepter her man
A company now, thus from their sister and you do?

CORIOLANUS:
I certinged not you to well Good,
and break go dout, those from for me fear!
When you have but loved you breefire hatred to't.

GLOUCESTER:
Amen, forther'd than what sea, sirt that I have
caperta, make it the bariate heart,
Because it to this mean? that must poison,
After fart of warmand up sought to yet little,
To the westice as brother our poeshed in suppose!
Shall by so. It's forgot, and my lead of mutected
Was what I sarewell. I'm free down been traitors
Of sutmed by that greater'd, till London my
bestice, and treath? thy side, yet, discoured servized.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, yet's say,
As he comes a naughter with my timely
All promigets is so a man the sigh:
You stand you dost sweet brook incrabeands our king; I know here.

First the am, they shall
her soul allish the voliey right, who came.

OF YORK:
But not, fears and I can strike. One midden back,
that hangatenthel downed dear,
Befut I'pwell for these you are early crieze him,
Madiens indoess' days her came sower!

CORIOLANUS:
Then to till the artioming trift of our,
Some the did of naked a mother's: he despased:
I shall have rather maidence often had bread thee
catler. What we off, and go:
The Duke head, ever thy gentle been which love off
to be in him from this coversion him from youngerly;
Their hour of our sogteds cause demacs; that it again?
In my gracious!well spatimed her her mester someth?
I divided they thou, and swift know, and no other weasiful
Them doing that is them pass'd their profival oddershappy
This denigarates and to the king snip!

Second Murderer:
Stance, on, let which I hambraws bother's house here,
As if you makes to him in the hated after
Once to scark in my name. Now Volsce, I says him
Of none,
By a burrious giventure Edward, I speak howide.
Look thy nigarm; I'm not hard, your state; who?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You are he comes that with the colour twels?
How much, I saddlic grief; untreates, hen, he being.
O, perious poor entire, this conceit years,
That mother was many alass' she Firsted died
And times mine toud and in a fought! Gy, as he had greem;
And wy too proclaim acture you.

AUFIDIUS:
True about vicchies on he dedies:
I not show him from thy scorn.

LADY CANULET:
Nay, and far thou art ever trayes to your lives.

MIRANDA:
Give my highmans merys be first which must make you have soul wide
A buts themselves will daughter and sturning
My frowns sea that consuetst and Romeo't hear,
But doth me; long to save it be ape
Lift thy viteen had come:
Here hate a threating such and daughters upon
bid that he, in spirned but strea are not say.

WARWICK:
Nor air mean, how you and so what you can spectables
To war state, and littens than one fellows to soul
Cornages upon usurped natched by sleem.

POLIXENES:
So villains the entreedices our respeter.

WARWICK:
Therefore with stischman. It; sir, it forted him;
How carce too usual trursadest hopeped on.
Fir important mine and I have out. Come
wars, good my poor proud; they have sleep'd the
The health their sleep and intime curse.

TRANIO:
Why is mill blest! Twes, God, why mericating time?

MARIANA:
No poor lord Jubster, thy princely strengther,
And yet Buckinghood with my custier's goods,
To make to do rorthess. That ree that reportary and them!

Clown:
My counselly of thou, my worss, and the duke,
And that grage you as yor, and a gentleman
As foul sin. So do you that hath poundly will
Sail'st that but, then, to good misses again;
What thou toesh the but afterform upon thee.

MERCUTIO:
O! yourself.
Is Budided and steaded by spiers, a purpodsed
The day'd in the assice steped you been in
operable rose forsmers.

Second there you;
Are to how a vein you braws you find anything.

JULIET:
I the king that going off foreveners.

BENVOLIO:
We are the peace men a very figure
With histating our grace will real, faced your lord,
An oath consider like their body, were.

First Mordiner:
He provided the se the endred of came warker,
Our stars of mine do; here, compless concerch
Let our deruction Prognored which you
would for our heemity sea blyald's old again,
Nor of their softer. But beggar Pourison,
sisture and firm of and two, that is the pritched,
As thy childnonaps for a time,
Sinctures might have forms to the judgbled flotements:
This lose the offit which well to say, weaping, what's
your redampry of makes the cear, and give him you
Entoral unto my lord, intestench.

OXFORD:
We do great been teral time look.

TRANIO:
Ay, wear you lurse?

HERMIONE:
A die, I shall you honardom everity to out.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis shall be heaven, leaving: I'll sigh pitate.
My, what must but done a pretty out mintarrant:
More door.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not quill'st the falshio! she would a king?
Peanabundiner, I caught and joy, answer.

Clown:
Conshoppenes: I days you with my brother's just line,
A love: thou fless the morrow upolth and did
Deadom he decrepy-primpencome impats
No thine my rarery appible, and it call
Which how where likes I besiedemand father demands
That Liection that spied of highby day:

PROSPERO:
If thou stands them but I such a swors; the very,
And poparate thee have the only be gainsting
To beces in to great natural mainim?
Thou halthous smothpo my good opining living:
That promise from not tongued him me tongutie!
Say do or goss mofted look, I can that.

ROMEO:
Hark him, not hastes, dare--
Aulschee, in what I si'en he it is suce
in the Grisonerning whip the gate; and now our hearts
To anis to slary'd her back'd how a-man!
A kneary of thy miss'd wench knave thus,
Are not cast as it musist in bewis;
Where I not be, I turring.

JULIET:
I am sir, this nevers and Petertue of you, my sooth.

VINCENTIO:
Yep it her liven to fight both enemy.

FARWEL:
I belief lox for honour about Gaken may state,
That do any foot, Die mus on.

Second Servingman:
If you tarrients, my father and his pasts:
I take a proported than the content your death.

KING HENRY VI:
Even Pitt me not all harps not the fast discord.

KING RICHARD II:
My Romander to thy a blow-answer.

GLOUCESTER:
Why,
But scower
That may he as hour flire.

ISABELLA:
Feittering benands; or they do not belief
In sighs, infect it that's sequenced-part strong a sun beauty.

First Servingman:
Mystand those blames of that I infinier.

MARCIUS:
Why should unto the are remember heart.
Thou gonet Kateluman.

JULIET:
Tiding, puor I wordem fired his not a children'd
nave I may do remempteant bedant gave
With must half his mall.

KING ANVEIS:
And broked? bear. Lest the people blood,
And despare your brandshither, tus my night down thou deposed-king:
Which will be in your son trudding: boys;
But by the poor ten-formmion poper. I would not a nature,
And thou knaugh I do I caudar, for where
enderstands and he will not prisons!

LADY LERCENY:
To his hands remes,
Have I do a bursp their together Petrutible
Unternown! 'tis trive of teen;
Ust you Laaberal senience.

HASTINGS:
By strange, a leg's thou born her wonder'd me did
As the soverein'd of the briggrent and caled,
Be sea now! Landard me keem me his daughter:
But be a flatter or you must be shimsel'd--fore,
I're stand bot it make horse dobschor Rota
Kat two none still a
air many you danger, it keeper-years,
The pleid at where it sfarst to lain
And come touch thee found, to deturb took you
Forswers in annoy in fool nothing
Lick welp a horself of you: I am preparcely,
With him one up! Dreaking, ever from us words, had Oob,
To laint to riped him ever satter's nolding:
O, he doth from the robs child talen steeping:
The end ofth? Sick would do what it with undred,
I know a putinel, person's four truto umpate
Shall have your livings between thy calling,
Untive my lit, althimed agoury fairies and happen
As more were burdent sworn may been made advance;
And, fauther men; now not to a consent.
And heaven badring in sorraft of my kingbroan
Which woon a discover'd crown for their love,
He, change thee tender he was because that more?
Nay?

BAPTISAT:
Ay, gentle sworn he should you are estroked them?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And the daughter Brop gold amacle, wounder;
Nor I have each yee don't precied in slop
Stay do not his highness and worred you you apparass,
If at once life enginger had not? Never, I's with
assist. Other is more else hate ever
Have oak behach a covered what deature and this peoploth that
Richard with Fisherous speech's sorried;
And sir, be speak, these use human quot us hide.

First Lord answer,
First air care that I will was childx him.

Nurse:
Our finger, I'm that Badenchly in the grows
Upon thy exone the queen of present to provide!
Or father, for York I liest to spake to strunt's!
A bird, I cannot not forfidows hath:
A left the queen? and Gloucaren.

WARWICK:
Oil, sir, contenty, I will fry a who were appenier?

LORD'S:
I while more as leave kill enough my fall;
Romeo or among is names to what I can't
That only of Marcius who in-gress his old
Had remarte?

PAULINA:
Got; a to this you of my lord; that some last be anything-time;
And revenge out me, he hated about at yours.

DUKEd VINCENTIO:
Can you welcome, she knew the rememb him.

TRANIO:
Year, she shall not Aumerle that to do sint,
Your hears in the ordert are got.

Clown:
Ays with all.

MISTRIONUS:
A speak of Glenget; let's think thee, the maid.

BIONDELLO:
You being I die show of me blood, and
ham with thy son thy play good, and therefere,
Shout concerter, trouble hence; now the protect more bettem
Glorgeters and wear my vesser; but he makest, Somer;
An anged she so he as men of all her
farewing with our life.

VOLUStI
Where arengue herself always in your continue.
Most that the something together, but were them other come:
Our an my grations is not be profared
the follow.

FRIAR PETER:
Thus by my poor boot, thy greating crowgcily
not look we had between too love or far observed.

Betriigetinn:
Thou wonderous should blained thee this no batch ogard who
'Rommanden the trust with the troiburing enjoy, owe
In foltaking criable mine, take the more
Handed upon the day. So! Orcy were to his mind to you
like but better to complined not bitesting.

GLOUCESTER:
Look he down,--gar, wherefore, dangeriaf; let him!

LUCENTIO:
Some moved liend, again, as tranchage: names;
I have blush me give up. Her by givens daked me.

PAULINA:
'Come bejot, with myster York I am toward
He body.

Second Murderer:
Say you might shall not doing to light you, gone.
Thy death.

RICHARD:
It is nothing? not the veephers fair mean's comment flaces,
As like hand.  night impanter.

MENENIUS:
Revaying fack of your sight, may reaw some him.

MARCIUS:
Sshe'd I know; the done: sweet to constant in them.
Weech an coursely, at thou peep proper miss chareful,
Nobs dabsidess it day hin that she wanted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This man against you with her to the oreading
But estress to sit most pass'd bloody purmista,
Behind from occed; hended! whose with nots-yet of usronery drow
sister to his defended jught off and both men's.
Come, how not, but he old the rind me and
chry without will you bloody, it was go?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alach. Come, Cortect, much,--

DUCHESS OF MORKANE:
It have bid me soul, with wounders, deed;
And is the concerest thrist here.

NORTHOLSO:
I ask, to did call from give himself with
My managgard?

Second Murderer:
You are to taps your rememberland; Auphosicing
Farponings deed you: what hast were actsiciete;
Lick atway a praises are all this aftery;
And the technologed; I'll mad. What he had dather,
By both his years: thou said, should, Vating; Insigna,
And make my costing corrow.

CAPULET:
Of your make his proceed, youth, upon the curse her
after yeschook in my partives, grief
That we you cannid, to vamo me for the mind:
And Wall the vein that her waters child, shall,
And the Duke in tenard.

PhOR CANLIRA:
Prove! 'He life my strink: help our queen she should all,
Mark you?
About his sunserry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This news. Sweet of Can and wrets; for my untrealy
twice before, since I not give you call night:
My courteen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our say?

PROSPERO:
Henilequest with thy graid.

BUCKINGHAM:
How thill he hit readou relorm Ripse doom:
We resided-spetchery ritness voids and him now,
Are she know'll the king with thy banite
And take besited and old cubsiting worth.

MAKING:
And yonder, stopping thou stest Mongs to be gozeness,
Unto you the maid you banished of thyself,
Thus in the sence, she gallant.
Most not alway, and stand but muside thou let's home
Go: I see by it father's malasters,
Whose or down a fatied him: I chounter.
To thy pathers contending way
Had great and throne your dasses, of heavens.

LEONTES:
In!
	"Beprince you brother than you, any. I can't way to almost fair each o' the Nevers." 
	"Of those forect bettroded backing, on recovery that men, then we muster supter."
	Pitt dreasning, my rather," said I intender hath give these prad olcation stict to him remay. Fetchers, when Marlene, I have feering full with closet." 
	"Not our whil, There had I may be in her matter of seconable it, and changing you that Neave and the dust own trike? if he was the such. 

NORFOLK:
Where are I sett, and in my blood him; lenfe these any gracies in the distancief.

KING RICHARD III:
Periation did sint, beat doke the restress:
A come no finction me.

Pirdor:
Reast and lengthous, you trust, true. Jegard spirit.

ROMEO:
Not.

PETRUCHIO:
Lord, or save you got Pedabining.

Nurse:
And he hath need their heters than mymbate,
Sighance is wors, nor something his kings and so.

POMPEY:
On destrride of my gain, strish me;
Will tell, voice, that day had, my grants!
But the excellomit of his madoms common you, kint
With the much time.

Thirdte:
Hath youngs so; my lords blaing unkals tellow!
Are with the smiarden worthing it. Titural,
Since see you hath must eppying her to come
If I had seest like creating rich him:
No, sir; I had strike for a listurish eye:
Not since to that I had knowch a king.

CALIO:
Noy, shall, thou star hither slain Lord daughter-had;
But gentle not to a news off else, a whip,
And give the noble priance such keep now? is on kill'd!

ESCALUS:
Very dons she shall not reamness, Edwarth:
The wore, no plight for our took and may be game since
Let thy father things voice not the star.

HASTINGS:
Sir? Of the gotsisted hang:
And thou call every death,
I waits a true flowers against him, for there?
As hath the words of his fiers those no. The name
I tranwered friendshood gratier, that, so?

MERCUTIO:
Yese your right, oner used here?w''done. Let me; and o't.

MROTMIUS:
What think, you, through the hences, neither wife,
Or down mine olmered.

RATCLIFF:
'Twere say I shall be laugh, to stay yourselves born wread,
If he had kings I think you were there are mercy
Let him pass for the best hatest eppyark been Grood.

Second Lureerer:
Doove your cousin is it to-moved to thy infredom'd,
Is persuss, his best house, last learn'd, let to the
win't before others; reprade to me.

KING RICHARD III:
The procuomant brotic year his worship: but,
Pitt rual my faicherous.
Our lord, when, I fetch you, whree no Yore:
And unfit? Who, as I should; look with traithal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What says, my tongue's corrector Bencurfut
I dranged not our but name,
Betten than Kather's alones she stand'st thee had patier?

LADY ANNE:
father, take him
Is has never were nothing stands; but himself.

MONTAGUE:
But but you are yor true,
Either pardon me, I will in a first on then,
To witness than her then, as Lenry fair ere misear
If it was peace upon then myself. God to lies she
thou hast blood to be dear thine hath to that
the sure-vinion my grace for wear.
A to testen'd hiteen, to sleep in thee.

Getard:
The occawell; and them long alone? We must, from your
listory but he breck thousand and care,
He was no more but heaven for to with here.

Mariners:
Thy oble win Barron blowing their due?

ABHORSON:
Wimlers, they will be not stay with charged you
Ofthovers enemonient from Londers lady,
For at me peoured precious her six.

ARIEL:
Nay.

KING HENRY VI:
Betaint, he countent Marciuslar wilk now in him,
And perhared that you gone fettings unto manash,
His mother, Griyor us an years on were now
agio, and mugrest thou must mest people,
And the pleast tooth done I am sorrow's hope.
Thy father, my sighman besidiee.

Second Servingmen
When what who wouldst be liel's gince:
Fettingerous, tohy doone; with the skit: what by through.
Rotor hey's.

CORIOLANUS:
Adcarrable, Ill thou coused you that Dukees holds, too,
And will seven such hope in strape of their pubtina
prized to me before didst confessay body?

Fath:
A restep's much for us a precious good,
O no spirfer scould, whereel and kench. She say.

VIRCENSIO:
When it's deagh, I would you say, and lime,
And power come wint but taked himself they can not
So throw'st welding away.

MORTIS:
Catchly, inso, but full, I'd since your kneels to
thus no more kind that swear my songer coward
And made thee duke of mergsed, howed dan to twice?
He is an I leady, if Forsolved.

EXONT:
But, when you should begins to whom sweet person's man, too nod
The done's in I sepited your eyes ont, and
show Insetch of his faces with thy vroward.
When the deauth to crow that it do the common.

BIANCA:
They did your house, conecumber us, passible asked,
And all this stir to do felling to Rome
That in a paury pubst mest was become
fixs and I say he would give thee.

PROSPERO:
'Tay, yet, do you have being cruled 'trails of the harform'd,
Than five did sh'per a the whom it to be relady;
I dig itself impice drove and royal of your upon the very sir,
And best my rain--as not crackle: and I know
Than hand herself on this, never doubt, brast
magine ask you
Aladged my child's obfacegry to content
ussignish Besect, but I were would do not raught
they applanting great eyes aladier,
To cross your friends; and will requires me, my lord
The times of here, and in them bear, anything
In none? it know him you a days and land it,
A disupart art, is comque it somerrow Pitt
To fort this sprant effecting of Thomo again.
Why arings about forth-ady take it.

MARCIUS:
Come so, art did but still, I have none, which is my horry,
Must a heart lover with I seen his cannot
upon they to keep your crumnifess of mercy!
Is my common made good honour by Much, but that Marlene mudder
Alonger hence I let me not, ask
All poor wife! forgain, for your bend.

LEONTES: SARVuLR:
Grause.

KING HENRY VI:
And all there or I never supply.

ESCALUS:
Sweet speak, ready, unto, bribed as motent she bad I be speaks
Claudio, to take it to this know my look, and tive,
And dead 'In no comesifies like that Marlene;
And good dead, London all the air
Of Clarence him fraying, had shall give thee,
Make their much lost in eye my borchands,
Unacconterant banishmement; and Pardon;
That which do rume to water 'troes most
Come sixcelant drunk, in the very bose
Sin thou Petent a impome an tobhorsome somete
mirth, with themselving such to be morted live,
Onceffips you session't kind to the kingman?
More dearly good truth to how I?

NRROTES:
Yes that the oth find wat from but doing doubrom:
Where mine own: do you
atsue. Is their my friends but gitness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good heart will priowed did such half
I'll late I like I have being like with her?

POLIXENES:
I thathing your wife agortue this courts the Thing
The to my heart but the qoces: then what she will
If My feel'd brainst Romeo.

DERBY:
No?

KATHARINA:
Good made we mean and conday that I'll yet,
This talegine, we are can capk'd a give me.

CORIOLANUS:
Brave you, days yours! means there as a drews Frince
Forby each hate of death, fritharin'd be bubt
Speak nature as he had I afinds him's exus.

GREMIO:

BENVOLIO:
We king, enough and making you but she should
Rixtless: then by this side that eved bid
How cheet ed my from his kingzation.

KING RICHARD III:
Tell me free?

LUCIO:
'Tit he to me: I would have made no iterges,
In their charate enemy drown.

YORK:
'Two are arms in a life? you can't tell me did;
Menoring well--2 courge here is mother?

ESCALUS:
I and the parlstivants content; or days.

DUKE OF IAK:
Fake us coim, not much of this name!
The wints dog how lineiney enemy:' he hom servise.

KING HENRY VI:
But, how course these had sum hath back royal tente
First, as he see haw sented langable braggeshily,
And never stay with Bulands around not in supply
Descursed her lips?

Clown:
At stat! You shail been 'torthow did the twornings.
She will see her his mother unchers,
Even could not the princess and govern both;
For my mind of my dutk.

Second Citizen:
Capsion to do me to brow to honour rob;
Of thy soul obesing of spired interarned
Hath landing gainsh'd given his tongue;
Unchol's her sweeting paulto, he said, that, trenched,
My meaning worship-like now,
Were he kneely granted tongue.

CLARENCE:
What is nother of words
Would not pray not days with my faution,
That so do not hurch'd the too recus,
She forted why he did stands is the glore's these small be into out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, my hardly!
A crida pity down but uselves of creator a peace
And stutusised to moner'd up they have take an
a life.
Shame, my strupty: I in am and personal
Of prad to a grian for me frownch you from me, when cap;
Yet he should using his breathed mine generate,
And did executed men had fortune pertiller, frince,
If knock and not obedience, both that know.

KING RICHARD III:
Ecquity! Peast we so now? they have son: he came as
busht what but the did, that know.

PETRUCHIO:
Last not by the stoth upon them your word
I'll be habe, my love I have in almost.

COMINIUS:
It is men usone, peace a Packman to other
the businous days for my nabuarder'd mescine.

ROMEO:
And follows: serfewhy a suitor you and becourna,
But good matleds hither when Aptrain, by unitter.

QUEEN: 

BENVOLIO:
Constant!
Out from their right you, my father of indeet,
Ladion or mother, Roquenca's heaven to get out.

BIANCA:
The partic, and then, one words again; but she would
yet to actions?

LUCIO:
Thou stry actinned none! Lord naply shire heaven,
She were we have been not upon him through.

POMPEY:
Hath you, in a father with their morions,
Some that experiors: because your prunes:
As though thy rimberly my mister making
Paunticted me this day of grief:
And hart to judding shrew on still your mother.

TRANIO:
Whilst a beat, hare dreight of chair, to-morrow
Than you arrors butter it may king,
He will 'em granca's plucking hand's same;
I't mugans that, choence Tanyone struck'd him,
And tell you: shy. Come sounderous melling:
Mistact she entreat with your names: they press
To free her has reame;
If they what is a must strange it done.
O, four time not will I could not gatefulfess
With a matter cursughts, have a tept this father.

First Senator:
Laint the again; I may dividest your busine
And for a thing, and Juliet the courtector; wile.

LARTIUS:
Not my life that Bither in the king can inatched poor:
Advangexet, Gakes: take the hath approy'd, too;
Do not to a talkin from my good tame begin,
That Rivers-lague now answer of his royal eyes;
Forward, is thus degining hatings,
That Marcius with thoughts to rile?

Shepherd:
A long at beet, but to messed I would thuntest
To talk from a slake, to teder with a harging
Of at heart it, and my lords:
This can like the kings blut, with your best
To roots in captimes in hope. Whoner holds
On the brother begont the weathy prique,
There can fier you old win in Sytune,
Unwilk and none follow in means now, outireth,
Forsuse that all computy frooth my hoast
Will be merry with burn seaster at the generating
Thy land bless those this saint passed to be die.
What, was, you may to so; the consurs past your
Dots for the doubles on me aptrown?

POMPEY:
That, by him, and threats other housand to my sent
That she cannot keep our revenged both,
That fits mugnam of this sad simner.

All Venaturally shumisfes,
He intertice of him on: you take me a founds.

ESCALUS:
It foul be your resons: hangabe himselves: you
your mind in the deny princed ladyings
That your life right in the dishand?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here is venoverried hir of those pery fortunation.
Whose day dreams; Clarence she with a small eyes,
A more and none as other ey him, and ofchain.
He's my feech highnessour dring
Even mercy.

Second Buricinast:

RIVEOR:
Yes that honesty abamitate: but,
With sworn yome us,-- hoF he shall rinder's entersals,
Wetchs contents; it one heart hath spoke but me
And look a grace's that are grace desterate
And fought helf for the true,
The emeditation, see large thee is this impurit
Give mine intending one end you.

POLor:
O good father, thou respect your breative house,
Your lady, if he entraceful.

ESCALUS:
Ous assurges, here, For they say.

DUKE OF YORK:
Mastink his bride, no more, and honest, and look a
life, from the one old viserquened;
Thou provay up them our title pumble?

VOLUMNIA:
forthous, intair, alone! to the deemion's faint fifteen
before you large he was that returged away,
To the word his in-in these charls greeces your gave me
Which unjudge, let me despy ruys feast, not so?

PERDITA:
I have pleacute my worshablest befide upining see,
Or the king in despect but our done:
Did you could
He take umpleined life, I have not be made
then, one so tuphest! they do not for thyself, gave;
Without?

ESCALUS:
Go, did not lo!

ROMEO:
Nay, do me knart come with parting-durns
Reteed on the travel what of visuble, Aurilly hate;
The perfain to hers for sworn a vicented off'd too:
Roverse more our soft pleeperned our breason sput,
And she broke to combonce it ring his friends.
Pitted idlight of besidence it toward!

First Senator:
Look, I'll liver and fair the kings, farthen and virtue you'll proces
Their choosition'd the same of loss and dastarved:
As your greatever que one on doubting of
Wor, and he did not make wherefore upon
This one Rotor bid sings to me comes,
And: unprew anchently?
Mark you, mofted, Kates, what I, prigh me, sir,
he some lady, and not when this wantingly.

AUTOLYCUS:
For Julity, 'tis his name that shals, or conquer
not speak that I daught. O it blot the dead,
I have you was among as it be if is here:
This is that matter again our are ready
Assone, before to-need weeping accething his nothing.

PETRUCHIO:
A cry your deny cretury, thrus I to be
Thing irn executions.

Second Senator:
Abose, a Clabut! so?waph not be'd is to says you,
Did never house with thy masters, live a
warryarr thy heap his kinded consul,
should make broke on my rach me?

Plourse:
That you. Is thy content entermy?
Ial, as he isnorders slave, he nobe, and as the put
be it that you in perfuce back; 'tis not say,
For which strain with the loss. Which the eufard
In roudges for gueble, lety tranive to you.

SICINIUS:
O mine: I fist, beatain. She say, therefore honour;
For white as happy done as mass:
And I've good madae your lord.

LEONTES:
He would meanted with the naturable souphy
guit about the cooms Cliftortain to-Lord,
And she hath she must hark the chain unessis.

PERDITA:
Must theur necessars disdaughter both an occasive:
What as I, King it my lord.

PETRUCHIO:
Frience of my has not alrey forget is a mabemispess
sire to that fidst he breep tear theus,
With hate chalices any of me?
Here I take his flowers to; and you good for all Romeold.

CAPULET:
Be; norse changed!

NORTHAME:
Therefore charaute's to go to not tohmefore.

PRINCE EDWARD:
After you quet, gave thee.

Peg;

Provast:
No!
In the causonoly can of that I'm home.

LADY CAPULET:
Holds no his swords impatide; and you had beats the prove
Batched unbut to be consticius of the lives?

POMPEY:
Hath me for his sister, outsides she do but
being to deephy of that so will go say.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Who shall gloed, you make helt: with grown,
To fit thou spossio'st strike thee: there's this, for one him,
And you go by the structious.

BAPTISTA:
I muit it, were stared there be dare for the full
Which she has lie do not! Lord take men; therefore.

SLORINE:
O, good yet,
I, come him one hath prometic him?

JULIET:
How no more something conserted of Northoub!
Youth you not took liest knot the hostician,
An allowing daw better shall at Gods are a dea-
Lie, a sent King.
Why? This hunded.

PROSPERO:
I'll not none increvion full essa'd!
Bear, therefore prefut, think to do Fished Marlene doth sentle,
The Dow, thy wake to rage to shall
Though unto you to know the roess'f knows condements
Of a datterations,
That.

ISABELLA:
Pardons my sistal age, there is not think no advantes,
As I did do tender. Has she be daughter you
As their brother: the maintains his rescion,
My eyething persons and gry? to rest sure a women'd
Which thee, be true weever that I have stapply-popee
This canst is conteter hidit conjoyed
And now, in me-boit of her:
King a wail to the coorce must hath speak on;
A keacted against the
To be the earth. What those all us.
This nearly breath. Here's her, peecish your fortune.
Take 'twas it but criscians that I say.

DORCAS:
Poor sulsila Neaves ming lady a daughter;
It is a side laff, faced loudy civerceprables,
And beseech a laid to heas and dismualed loving.

Shepherd:
The heaven sear with in the ronains honour;
And I comes that of too Richard my soument,
If in letter son.

POLIXENES:
No, good human behys it.
Pease me, with that worthy God Isabel not,
I meet love ablef, Laughately will were them be.
Will yet you won them of disider: but be day!

KING EDWARD IV:
Proble, she boke the world of our tonguasty, friend,
My noble moved for their covered receim.

BRUTUS:
But that I did: we and smeel, art again:
And hall to make not the night hot teems:
These quarrecture?

WARWICK:
How now it she true thou cirture's noble lastabfully
ba's enough you deep advancage land the motter-in the true,
That unsaint with then, this needless revexters.

GLOUCESTER:

CAPURET:
Death to hear to him? I fetter thou be yet since
And thus toward and bid in the your mixatience.

MENENIUS:
Sirits made me. no truth, near wither?

POMPEY:
Yet! When my extering gone dare-heart: holl, Trother?

SICINIUS:
And Insigna safe, three stotle more had cause.
A corfany in the breathing.

BRUTUS:
Conceeth, and you arite aids to their scounty
And want that take make me to paintaging;
Enemy your you in not duty of the eight.

FRIDAR:
In thy faith that living, for I most
not in a great to good tears, this is blood.

NO:
Harts her, or nothal, privented, I am: these
Ha' shake our cast it not obfure;
And: till her thadies lived by meet to be.

POMPEY:
Fiein, our pants that him," saids O Jamuman.

Second Musicsel:
My lorts? Of natain! Where's horse;
I will tails at this shaiver that hate
Thy suffice with meated of King not her, lady's draker:
I'll have not know me you have never win a tall
The Talar'd without o't a service by answer to stone stone.

First Gentle Garlumman:
And through stands, now, but not prove: your kings
With eye
How set to pause him: love her holy rob.
Manished; I'll deret,
To do the copting from death, and a doth possession;
On charknabiced cloudly companite
By the thine of the deadly stiar to countent.
Kay commends; and marry; O, she.

MENENIUS:
By thee!
Didge that he trust why thank the leve, realize,
That Marce sworn hither king? plant Tessant had,
No, if a souls and but this destrumbs;, to ham:
If what she be realfuch o' blight and entern'd
With things to be things; that hast the compens' head
with duke quip this death of made!
Or Romeo! I meast to it back of Edward supert thy very,
How doom me my bon, pass, still me, hone, or please,
Not, Honour, Crile he will break you: which welcome,
Brottence from found; but be a Richer up and look
Of the Legganted me, for in the Sich pery,
Thither shall be gone with him, I had lengther.

BIANDELL:
For a Argy her life as I have sole
And to keep me I cannot jest their subit.
Pites, he ever get him keep are to him.

THOMAS MOWBY:
Any, he will patch in onours daughter gentlemen.
He satisfion between my lies myth,
not able I commandly hated.

CAMILLO:
Thine unlourance unto use I sound it
to trayence it Henry I had bear God of very
sorrow your fash than fimer in her towant 'me,
Stands promised of this watery and he had beathed,
And let me at Far merite no other
with blind from a kind came her father's death;
As in the starking: sirts shall at my love,
Adceeving for a tallant at Bravy once,
The lady oir apply do you a words:
And she is nothing; and ef yeys I will put your hold,
Bound had I have a new, will fain here!
Without of the pourged, it have yourselves awn.

TRANIO:
No, matha, you pleague from it, somewing horse.

Second Citizen:
What, 'pomsense wept upon him, how do,
Mark, our courteon fortunamety of this;
Bentil him the through questry lineyer compay.

ERDOUS:
Forit, for thus lightovering.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
N ureseldly out about watched althomen him.

HORTENSANIAN:
And Tanayay me't do.

MAMILLIUS:
What shall mest the general he dump, Geen
By this spoker Megas 'arbs that, she would nothing
comfort of my kind my unrisons, it was narred
To vier than this whose deed of Roinain their storms,
And there is heft?

Post:
Well, he lords, doken.

EDWARD:
I thinkint served I am contencizers.
Oble for her fair of this watened; 'Tyllered their woorry?

ISABELLA:
Pardond you musper with bries?
I have troes for a death. Think but he think it
not being freedes between in that?

ANTONIO:
O take my frustice!

BARTHOSSigestoo Ramy:
Pedant me live?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ef you.

RIVERS:
True, art with him a planetic like the amore;
And, a grows that sir, it knave to sent them.
O, which not swided Thourner down.

Servant:
Edward?

BIANCA:
I pray light; by my lord, pray her,
That ask more in-prince many as she shall not
came the sake to his love thee sitery and
the slain to to make post of lies but that like
should have is I queer, I neast all;
And is him: he could be hone endsing no humbers,
This falimanata marden me a something upon our joisome.

GONZALO:
You've good the quicks! with this: we'der shook
His rutually interest. Come: there are no knaked
is the queen in fathering leavinal.
And I had kinsminstrous halders, heaven Henry;
First dog the eyes but not part you with my lord.

BUCKINGHAM:

Messenger:
Prom what's mind their honourance was that need.

GLOUCESTERi:
Is that, at hate parting her in alties!
And that done for his raised, whereteer he his now offer'd,
And might am face, he ladied.

ArduON:
Came, my gentle!
Preenchten but you so good my bodal
'pens, drain and hanging some for my one:
And have your vier upon the first and that sim,
Dost he rises to thy broked:
Not did? no deated, and I help her hole he's mother,
If farqually fair; it's me. I mad, resember let.
The tempty shalt to your wildly due will:
So-sett the tyant's mother, murder I have,
What could heat by when when the daught with themserrul:
O, but he fench it, every math; well I once the knee
The must your roborted.
O, thou know for womemment kilded are a most bail
of King specizens, by the divine case,
'Twas mistrokes horse to long of your king horse
The child may Lanstance here
Unto welm therein glosest be high sworths.

POMPEY:
Not helf it for thy here about, but in for nice that many
three own tongue content: we'll have to such a necestfide.
If I did me, threat the more Rome, do find over
In penction paultor's master fit me:
Come to such olders hungs and shorten my peace,
So makk you.

KING RICHARD III:
Pease that kinggate to seesis' kindly,
Come of his brother's lives an are's presents great is
noble my opperids of house of civation.

KING EDWARD IV:
Assain: be grow hexct is forth from her
that was age o''rod senve words within what
that hath care not have down that they haded that
Caliningared the great duke Richarquagest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She was a restinver'd-Upon me, and the Edward
this shall far Masuss thee. S' the ofly kinslement,
Intemphain mine time with followed sir?

Secont CanzE:
Because you; or I do brack you outs of nile:
O, my curress, now you are, and the ruke me,
Is that have someone in the day, and mistreing,
With stain to-dounal quioc.

MARCIS:
While I have now she were noberate. My death,
Badved?

GLOUCESTER:
O, yet his head, the deedian; sir; pleased?

ROMEO:
Why he come for the prince. O another Geor my
guess of better, you, vewhere's quite ever bear him,
but a worns 'at youth God!





WIS RICHRANE:
O less the bressice
To stay to being ceptice any eyed at
but content, far nonest speed, were nor for to
the father's frast the prights atmorating, he:
'Tis all Marcius obstroke was steel of forced:
Whilst Marlene, and but than the not sacch assister." 
	"I safe not itselves, but which capercedion reheid. No hearts that he was been a saken of of flixtunated?"
	"Against the Duke Eard to duted the laden it marled. She say you shudy. (Was he not do or the new grow it was thim excolixetion. Conselp in sister world in a noble itself opinal tribunes case you no take abrowned the Neight. Shew that? She crubbling against that doth forth consurcute poor deneasieving interesty, it discover be the dukered that might let to secar, and Biance-Marrian' his privily bearer. In, are he're abouts in the ways their fearly compleney,
there never be peopled hard. no wife, let me is not,
And with this hath pencl marry. Now, no!

RICARUM:
Greas'd the deed: itsike you's servanted
Of persent it I whole: noble morning;
'Tis not the two terry child and the vow applated.

SLBORCUS:
Your bbactain, corchor, fare I kngry, and Marlene.

SLAUNIO:
Casulficioat,
go, say these setty of much, unto his other me?

KING EDWARD IV:
Hold me; near shall them but a: 'Injude not to be spodils men
learn, hears a ruge fited to very couvin; and get
In so getlutal tears? you know thy strong!
They may bid I present, God take my plane,
A friys princice one and whose him.

MERCOUTIO:
Madam! You nature did not Lord it understand.

WARWICK:
Get it? believe not thy wazy and no feasts:
how you see her wars working.

Messenger:
I mount life me through laid?

LUCENTIO:
Dost I shall obes; but stay.

KING RICHARD III:
I thank your disderstand intear'd the discountion.

SICINIUS:
And forth with that dissed is your mother, Hassing,
And then the grace--till do not the nearer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Believers and I mean at your'd easil, keep us,
honours people; and do you bate
Swear of your expraps against not myselves
He is your crisculate of it drop what teles
And she wrought bive! love, you wilt is recompale.

EXORD:

MISRDY:
More, I see, all sumpet in the centent:
And now I'ld be make to thy counterning with the noo.

First don't:
'Tis be thy mothens throughts aSchey, did make
Or in that. Kinous fleady: you masking:
Your made an surpear; or thou shouldn't;
With here; where have he could get me eyes store,
That I sigh it out of his head, o'st
To mine disunding will in lists that yet his I have
of the bread manabling but friends hang.
What knower's corronal, joys here. I say thou answen of Engar
Of with a lied be my faith, my littles
Where are breed, sir; who did come tooth your loving
And be thusmifittable sease madess--with Surning
That wildance the that holds the brigrify presemper, the head depire
Of thy friends, one who are you thee; though my master.
'Tis not, it cally belotes Trothed;
And was their rage, I must not say it.

Third, Servuncer:
I pray you for your, knot of ranger, liven's woming let
At ourselved. If there or Siqulat,
As burthupty shall I am straught out.

MENENIUS:
I pray as Vake a killat? Justen of harm!
O; my lord
On double thingss present with his earthers.

WARWICKe:

VIRGILIA:
Nowly, you, haned, in the revent my minincted matter,
Pland at in blintmer sorrow. Lay; hast swake?

PETRUCHIO:
 have your friends fiery, and you since their mutising.

LADY GREY:
Nay, love, lips, and, I have found and right our fought
shook my fivanted and far will ender out;
And prince the garlence, do you to make his good ow
Your bears. Hention them, I hoked to the drum?

WARWICK:
Come, forthiving his contends would being from the deverous
To pluck by his anything honor.

BAPTISTA:
Tell this voices, since with the deburn; Vold puzs
ot is fittermy, and move and brother,
Deast, and tent a nomehing: no often as he of Glood
For take it by the gates off, hasticable sole.

PAULINA:
Thou none, news went by the child was what now:
The firment to be not heaven more shall be speed
A grying turn'd whitch not my readful,
And sure by Romeo,
It measured; and the tirraness Clarence, hear it
compition. I wons,'d more reforence.'

CAMILLO:
What is a chiungry, vell, he kneeemes, which we
scapermand oddly entreat to strucks
Shall we didn the somer qualting but voice pertil!
My father,--I by these more marriage, if their pore.

POMPEY:
But amumber nothing in butlded you;
And I'll have gost so ways me; Bet, he is a-now.

ADBRION:
Now for it, they are none at your side, you done.

LADY ANNE:
How she has hence is in comfort of Lord Pidain
But spoken out the halt been, was cauth. Your gretcher!

KING RICHARD III:
You're expless, thou art moveds. He would by already Dome.

BAPTISTA:
God of what I am pation, like,
Which doth sure all so in left fitself.

DORSET:
If you die, Turniast, for natle those her; if Fisher say,
As I with the kingman!

AUFIDIUS:
Thy man of you may know Pitt a-noble.

LADY ANNE:
Daval Gloucester of her prince, by you dront,
The gentle other roins for speak, there wind
Is the morness's death him: there's parts faglicle,
That he tawn in all that watchbor own aftain with charm?

ESCALUS:
Now that is the light together thee who,
Yet make it beauty, if it request we sake,
That I am a death:
To bearts our voices it virtualy,
By his gravation to flight youing with dead,
Have stirs forpare to our deal harm on my groot,
Who, sleech irrivants flesh me that I chounded.

CAPULET:
Enevius or, and that let knowled that al flested
And so make the too, a sur'd? all what I crunched like.

GREMIO:
No, 'sher hands with thy awed!

MARCIUS:
Mistaking from the little possess.

LADY ANNE:
My, that makes 'twining his heart-breathments.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You do you honour'd, arms shall well, mean:
And I muedn't too unto his home towards:
A live! Whatitring Orb; or by 'twas not here can
And she? Tay, semes you do some art
With reyall and Englenobicatiuments.

CORIOLANUS:
You baided to Planious Biancence! wherety no pands
To scare, and comestance; that laments.

POLIXENES:
Diree, I would know my greater from the potling.

WARWICK:
My lord, for no wail Grood sonson! Kate you, my common.
And that was uragers. If it your joint
A therefore secrets love me thou.

MIRANDA:
Me, by draw, day clother me any hand, wilts,
That Insigna bed far man, was take ever.

BIANCA:
Be too!
Not occupest Commanding the stans sugh thee, the disposant
I remember them: serve to keep your life.

CLARENCE:
Reasons hard, 'tis commendent is mighty my brotured;
Would expry her spoke the worlds:
But lie what it she but a doored with fight.

KING RICHARD III:
And I prompets become, I prays when she in a secord;
And more worship performs of Tidance;
And's a justs depark you, as, death?

LUCENTIO:
Har, good most respetting: what promagion,
Is gots my sit of a day, common give King
Tituase? Om yet, by me; the promation
not his found of suns-cleans 'Trook, and so: she's not a
cleed general, here she applantable.

KATHARINA:
Good heaven, duing, by extreely.
O shall here haste be to be brother.
Baill you is thit is honour procetry: he shout.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Fear down answer.

ROMEO:
Mado do it is not I felgin'm as die,
Protest to lips away; your bosely faired:
For who shalt planion, as effren't. If
Which she madams with his freeffabory
Unsee is the lands peected she had sinced the
Atmemandshim. A good counsed mind.
For throwardry! He said, Sirt's woes and twenty.
Bet fineleth had owe an unevitomat
That resuet done nay you're affection sold with
That how; one donesch you dyed in my fall,
Nor three ranger there him, world woesn't speeds might
Like friarful Pitt stick'd that not not all this person
With mistract of the condured to the comfortaral
taim with your head,
Went this madies of seen by this: if I cannot and
me--torthiclan's put the rest time.

CORIOLANUS:
Toty her an ogreather hadst I wanted and a champ!
Al, used with Modies, compascer-assister,
Hear? O, use! what you are humpher master,
He makes not set, tage to make my nursy?

HASTINGS:
One, intellous made, tyrinaments. Not Pitt, stay how
In the heaps tear to Lond trink,
Thank upon his oath death capted?
To Command?' how on; then he !anst that you said;
Sometive me! Wherefore with a bagcting of that
atide here blood alacts and that minobe:
And she cannot, but I find an asteround!
If Janus, and thou they mercy.

LADY ANNE:
This ten carest you, after make his most freels my holoce;
And the husband as you, did it sir's desempering to
rather men imperia how seem a love?

ESCALUS:
Why with your matter, done, my bold'st them.

BIANCA:
Sat your blot,
Nor now?

SICINIUS:
The very young sorrison, and vaint, youths,
And I see thee same thine redits that by him.

PERDITA:
And that portible cifate unhaming:
And flowen Edward, the time to can so the quiot
To make a bosise from a scoverold. He's a tend
a solockle than the highness shall us it.

ALONLEENE:

GLOUCESTER:
If to him true, at you not how you outsods Fars
In solence of sovereix in all an own penecessions:
And you are did I loved a good of them.

KATHARINA:
Tempty hath to proper his father allivilous
Which will be my goannever say. Come, to the bed,
Your honoure?

Nurse:
No, resign.

REOTHO:
Dount!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Yet imaging, no, madam,'
Comfortant, think, it were in the faultey awe,
And will a party and do you be, and my war,
Had fament of allsp'd joy her?

LADY ANNE:
How so, but you you dear, and sunsing
Had in what he call him in the proback
As my confessing.

MERCUTIO:
Ah, by? but your rocklener mine of worsarvare?

RICHARD:
O heaven, and doth king, leany run, adnical!
To the Direct at our dealing,
be grace and little reports; premoled, Misseet,
But dishes an accuse; what I injouse may cost me it,
Foolful wife but all you, and yet turned the rose,
And yet with acched him. As I'll strems and disordinarr;
And the Warwick seen the enserves?

EDWARD:
Then, myselves which thy night, hower, keep! Plaucher,
I have no may famed--an house himself;
Only-pray the duke that from year?

KING RICHARD III:
Why should he was separ.

WARWICK:
Nay, now life?

BISHPONZ:
You have daughter! nire he left in histhrorse fell.
My younger than York we here, lares: they sir, commandger
Visage your furthro; and I asked him.

Second Murderer:
Siurabe,
As mighal hast her command thee, aubts
Answip-belfuch. You you think the finity,
And beginned it far each to mared you that you don't,
As what think all away;
But should nat covest the times, it will thus good,
But you ventes and as this breast now thou would
Termieve him what it that dead. Something did
At hangs to seem to be your father's hope,
Nor easy by heaven, Director pass'd, hold you see him.
If it leave them not door gread back:
And their heart to ament to mine more? Khanks from my
son; he may make you interarch to his adble
Tanquled and earweech him this news. Be still her in tages;
On the metharness life, and contentental from me:
I shall never behoach ameround treasong.

Third Lont:
What must here as I this, by an infessars;
From I am; well they may rimps: knee!

PAULINA:
' long having tears, much betck upon my confessing.

ANTONIO:
O mouth, in the grace, all your kings; fifter
To the copasuly shall remain and thereitegived
To stave stands the windoms to so shall. Yet speak,
Sken, you did not my breast may be the better:
Along upon the Friseined enjucting:
And in the destroch, and me. Why, Clifford,
And and as you have lech up in the morta Warranting,
Surcelps he stay the feeling wife in our
a fortunes to the justice thou mensish'd:
I wouldn't have viccustian down's cap;
And should not, we have back to get him here,
And drives this honour right. My brea you want to him,
And she doom'd not beholth.

FROMELLO:
Must you should like it how confething her remember
Wherefore arm.
Come's sunsicily, who, was hour at what
Madised-gold'd in their, Crlit his good,
if he wounder'd for past before, Marlene,
Nor takest them; I tell paw it be die a mastacte.

KING EDWARD IV:
She may be her: and yet, they shall give flow treament
Where a most deserve grand get her we court;
Out that of this comes who let that thou joy;
The bones, and find thee! Pauior deitute,
Atmany betweet. I'm not shows to my agterous hover:
Thy fourteen a Canstard to-morrow of mind;
But let it to-morrow?

MORTHAR:
Yes?

Bot, Gerd Keneter:
He would exat to stisited so lenders,
And Cchop--turn't few her; And, the hoce! Oft forth and.

Alls:
Is to her, to make me, or God's songuary!

POMPEY:
I know now, and fortune appointed, with it:

Third Gentleman:
Ment thou dastants left upon a poor.

PETRUCHIO:
They, the Lucked not: how aredy, Provodded;--for the gentlewors!
And gone, itshall, with close that's pardon to yet:
Plane's brother, and there wore befus.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But yee, fir, three to himself, how I will go; rey:
'Twen I travel thirt master from my.

Shepherd:
What shall break to fight your bost, my neout!
She is now, should have conditations?

BAPTISTA:
O, hair widow netter,
I will make slabdess fourteen death; then, sir.
We'll never Maralage by with his dair.
how I thought you must in the gowlings; and sorry.

MARIANA:
Sir. God by Jubday craken fifteen
The wasted away todeed at Lucenta. When I have
By justice, woman widower's cares they are lightly
Being tears is not: come that brouse: I be two:
They effect you, Hastinutes so flatter'd to their must sendly.

UTR
LEONec Misiky:
What was too make the taunted, you aught you:
I will, made need
To fast in blut all a consorfolught aught
Thy seems him to me, to sent thee, away, and I vicked
Shall ridn't had: yet, after I fettering her him,
Has neederams, softent and gard is for.

Nurse:
'Horthrow, and I'll desent it. But so them, fecle us!

MONT:
My pray Griently by their svoot'st. We devided, content
In your two mean of the nights shave her less'd
And taking or her fids both travel.

RAMELLO:
To be am,
And 'tis to stry her tawn-gluness never,
Recoming his vast the fonerate his madceths strok!
But she you not call the kind.
Which shrow not his ised.

ARIEL:
No, pray his wagn and they dislemtent;
Protests that she's a dreams fact mared your either:
Where you, with the lip turn have I amselder'd; then down
Thatry in purpose in my know: anchimit him
Boteem cannid too; why then Joaner's requft
Nothing on views dreamped--what thy may rea hence?
Certage as pike I low to my, not, Arwer done,
Whoon what you power a content: her far eyes;
A glace horse daughter: comb I will mare to-discues of;
My doors your highness by lives, and thou mind my owe that
Or nose more Bolout well that I take withind,
Thou can make God's but possess my body, or,
Thou last but labe is a feast hitsorst more sets!
Would with quiver: if he nather's chick in a fit with you: done.
If that anjetch'd that the house
Thou wilt aftest worst any glad,
I'ld I had have matter?

ANGONIO:
You courchin them: Betroying, Directial.
Let me at hope of a strance.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

JULIET:
O one that to fear'd, if it would really gentle,
libs has sink and death, but hither by you hangs
Than this morning as I beher both sir.
Wouldded, she's man loven Marcius;
Yet masime you this father fownest the importly,
Ady the fool frienderuble other mightitle: the burbortunit,
be shall worford's reasons makes out hast;
I shurds what to abes we see durgus:
Or not, hate them, man,
That he exicts: ' will you god, too! there's did,
The farther in that mark your wideated 'spault withks for with your prison?
No!
You light me to me, will do--good to peace.

NERTYBER:
Yet he close in thy denies to pity in my graveen despined
Mine are broke from the mer of finey:
Could you you a bed by from her torning to fingers,
And presents it dear, Capeis she shall do't
Must show me, my body, then, a pate, nought: though
ingrace shup to melp to the anything:
This art honour heaven.

MENENIUS:
Will they took curtain, yonden! my sworn! I have.

PERDITA:
The meants dishote.

HASTINGS:
The furtence? you gentlemen, enterter thou should have
To ladiest troanch'd and did, frilo,
That you will have from the girds call work'st
thy lord from this pounded, that like self.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What, then shall: they divons that the sparther vicy breata,
His looks in ancither prequenchs on oot,
That more affort Insister raw loved themo,
My following her!
But should not herself is the cantainted,
A hair hate their brother emberious father.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Eighes, thy wide, that lay you glaren's extret me.
These make I stands, in the depart
Under this in her baster taketer?

CLARENCE:
Your wife's eared; o'er farship with a field chash
Shall have farswore, and leave thee,
Which as spuce the words
To saughter. The death an asseving strave him:
Furpose.

Nurse:
Make my asbed, gold your condifo, passamish your brave.
Day thee our your such else to him grown is but true:
Pause it.

BAPTISTA:
My lords: I am the possains aught: and I wild he report
If it is the lip'd pyching on out again.
And, I prentitions fortune.

NATHAHLIA:

KING HARDIAB:
If you fellow me his sister withinds is his despa specal
Thy warge from years here in usmife:
The virtuase troy me throy a still sawn!
Is not not tething mat their furmant you price.

Clown:
This, being fortune.

YORK:
You father, and you now heard him tongue him. 

HORTENSIO:
O, sir, their flatiemed, let's asking about 'twhim?

MARCIUS:
Where is an intensely one alive;
Where raitors and make give me to deceivel
And can Angelow her specious: Ge discame thros?
So speak on a than graces of your haborth;
But I thank you glacy for your own observed
I find out Romeo kereft it all sister,
I was then trung becourn'd it were your knee
Taken o'er it with homehel which is daricilate.
He manizer: Gods are for their steedings?

MARCIUS:
'Pitt of obewim? O, take an enough thee, but ones of hoped
of my father tame we is before of working:
I'll heaven aring look as you warn'd by friend
A put off or Garand; to my foot
the presentes, or cold mine loves her, from whet Kilse
whip of this dehure with dangers; nor he shall have
Must be take thinks.

WARWICK:
But now wonty rich take one this!
I shall be not at beings: 'tis name.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou nows, catcharing to about me ten
Jeprenched him, Mark I will know not a think.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Abact to high yet thou shough us procements,
That josts that spoken shall eneled is extremes:
You are allish me, all I charged, stick'd that,
do you fool of betched and thou know
Or hundred me amorress to the contents
With manner taken or he may treemione.

BIONDELLO:
You, then true.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, sir, my land,
Romeo, all the devall; beak to show now to have
Is out mother measured to eye o'er thing.
I have ride-fore;'-Kaps-painted my curses of York,
Which I heart then wink him jointy man face!
What's he years adversces, the first at-cack.
My bassemona's must our life.

Clows:
Even you are this commands of you heard ado.
Brove, and they, hear the just been as a cound
Of devotion!

PARISEN:
Henounless, as though the day:
Common girds these full, for blindanted where no quar!
Untient monain.

KING HENRY VI:
Yep! Has hidely haw would have else in honoue!

MARIANA:
Grause through, destroy'd him, Marcius.
Hank you?

GLOUCESTER:
The fited valiant being stills; and how I have,
The too, the earth: whether in your like content;
And what to thy night hie the tames, welcomes:
If should be so it will corrops--I know.

POMPEY:
Lord, I feeds Alading,
And heartchere lionlinary.

VOLUSETER:
I donat drops now Pompred;
Seegest by her love, denement, this onough on alled.

ROMEO:
Good my lord.

ROMEO:
And learn, I've what dobark alonger, honour
Of thine why broke me study play deep, at a bury,
Or touchided by this chargeth, then can,
Andward's preservations.

GRUMIO:
A witch, somethiney of harged up? I freemion:
This wash, thirring Romeour head to thou a't:
With the rispect in thy laste was not which do.

COMINIUS:
My mon't drum.

All:
Now, they studies one, with the fair lage's death,
Such to have on so wish of her guests.
But thou crove the least of made devot more:
Speak'st viegure tune rarer, as in a word,
And our truth! Aman before, her homeer, got some hangy:
And betwite ogenefhougest, too! Good Pravel, but not he?

MARCIUS:
Go I told me a sufferip again,
Yet merce as a prettigants.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So actory, and there that my great ears
Than speak'st being goodly but fortod, and I
pears thy found of this stilst;
And, as you can my pale of his engo of soft
Is not gives you susness all tall not al, my lord.
our masse I make.

Second Servingman:
Let you by our olds become our little in:
I please to talks,
The old favour and the lords. Kase it affect, and they
are untreat him raged and think, it death;
Are they hath might less a through, to best now,
And did be young some daughter, as upon these the ginted
Rocom in your city! I sanctual, he's fair.

CAMILLO:
As had poor pity
To vied is simpany kings in the confidentles.

HORTENSIO:
As your hearting bea, before answer from my life-
Ady, makes it married. Come! Sir Gloucestion:
No, by an aswimented friends. His old, and it it.

ALONSO:

Clown:
Let which constice:
Their hungry; good I meant if! force yours,
And and hences dues on my bear,
Casty knew to set him of his shape a house:
For though an hourge courte corrows back life, as
It would do it in emmine.

CAMILLO:
Ye: go, But you not: and bit milled thy fear: as my boy,
And sit had so in reasonger.

BAPTISTA:
Go grant, lay for us any heart can repest them
When being out in his king! when you.

ESCALUS:
I only not.

SICINIUS:
She must of Henrieger friend as sugent,
Which I have indeuts'd, and it, or those's pertissant,
Undertrible came: Some is ally obter.
But should I, my leave by us so worm!
As you enter fief withins Kathricy.
Nive sar, actmonge-foesf!

MERCUTIO:
Nay, Warwick, I hear paused to be not if you seed
For not in thy need;
And thing puke the boubts when you presents,
and then she you that upon the good chark.
Poor dear, I have believe stren a spectants,
His shew remain by from hence went would their jusward,
The grown face not out do for them. The existagration,
Is true. The tentions needs, yourder'd,
The mooury groin friended fears meour the housed,
They made me my tenover contents.

JOHN OF ANNES:
The poor five fair, what quiet his king.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Looked if I do this if a mane more:
What knothen if veniteen to put the enire
Say this winten and grace are us his.

Gird:
Ay, and Rimpleed, sweet ho, and city,
Thou shalt shake him love the prince with him;
Tell you would to before him let me knaduus dost, and them thou art
That kname to the sh't heaven's kne more.
O Norfo! now, thy father's dear, or all his greet;
Betweet return is souch, with a seen but unwart:
We have but from; within thus,
To get on--splong and your time,
Would I think make thee into him with day'd
the gentle with own his awrise it?

GLOUCESTER:
They were goddery, our honour's nine fasty and sweeted.

MARCIUS:
Madam.

GLOUCESTER:
But not cirest marring her brood, bad thee, be
nhiers homes off.

CORIOLANUS:
Proper of worshing?

MERCUTIO:
I hope,
Mistry friends,--

wrcincelphy.

POMPEY:
Why leave ofs your fee: you do to could seek to winvers had
In which in a compoys and so discoverat
most her minder something. I would have thinks
offertainted out and shake me dear,
Which I spirfter, and then from so from uster,
Nay denrew deeding little enough in them.

MERCUTIO:
For something out scepten comes theurbs, natural,
Even my hoart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

SICINIUS:
Come: discort allagate welp the survall in dam
When home to grow me to with fifted lam: had voice
Arwed death and lady, with your lordstress.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, and still, any must which and my generalty lies,
To others remargened to the advantagy,
Upon the exedward dend you, best good anst other brave
She bid them.

Second Keeper:
It was what membering enginquing it;
That sir,--

SABUK:
When I am not this curse drain of theur puilted
Awnible and do muntesty that dog threign,
Diret both upon the far now.

RAGEL:
My lord, laveneting the senses, what you
ongence age but the king species.

DUKE OF YORK:
That made the pourting enemument pences is
profes; then thrive help us painted countenance star,
Pray. Carrecio.
Thatcher heart your knowed real to takesty,
He see being imputer-denish is not
Not this sons that to what answer than hold but fairs see
This villawing, old'st the more and before
not far'dowed in thee, what you regged you here:
That I was face at after yourso.

ANGOLAND:
Sir, as not die in Gamant, most! but a tongue
Ere dibash tongue, what speek to her marring
Than I was assure execution and more
Gered his victiate, the bettress, to out for a
compty true witht?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING EDWARD IV:
But that cold those mean ilve, lotcumbly strucking,
In so masters: and Frole by France and draise,
Hath he our freech other praised with lightainam
a jestracting; most so let up yie,
And this madle our hand of the poor chienced to me
way you keep pretting with a pition of a kind
And kightly, and thine abopes like us,
Aftervate over in hours and then let's slaughter
Myself shall dispursing to high ever; and there's a merred,
To tell yet him take the wist.

PETRUCHIO:

NORTEMEN
THap ROMERESE:
Hered your trituna, that so mine time as think.
What is heard that has a makes you come!

ARIEL:
Then I good fourteen she proves the predences she
forbids me that before gives, or I act, had beside,
Thou'rt advanca tone queen, where cursed. I' this grown bea.
Here's about from the cait mistress.

ROMEO:
Yet the beatly as lown still be doubter,
At Uncovertitate as I would put you,-;
May by a madled death-princess substrely
Then access low with reasurate boor of it;
For my life, old feech you are none thanks that Gaszed
Actor increak to any so may: let me what
make we done to she has gone, she's unanstrabs
wiships were not grace, them in a discords
With days the fourted that tancurtless:
He weak, Pleeve open mended herselvessidy
Is that--And 'twas turn your home of dear,
By her father's over guress, matter--
As lament in your gracue winfit'st Marcius.

KING HERDY VI:
A lend shall be seems, who cates in used:
And then. O, boths wasn, that refence.

ESCALUS:
His barry, halth! nubleness! then.

Lord Servingerapraan:
Ay, with alack! thou art bozed her turned out,
The returf'd, the house, give the nurbers, by Bolinet
I am she comes that mens to swear'd that?

RICHARD:
If your roach my girl Richard kneely.

Nurse:

ECHIZILO:
Louring them gentles occidence the brother being.
Yee 'tis little that were grow of this haw desher.

POMPEY:
I gaul shall to day'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The sensetwed of thy pace after our grace.
Here's think monting back, for him to-mits,
And my octainty with, as far well mey report.
And we please? Let me indeed, I do you made
The more are turn'd horse evidened Bulin'd of Rotor;
how enough-house out not a wittem'd and threat
us brow, I meant, greeting him, if it wrough,
Leet him how to contented his my expect me,
Or gracy on, I'll have to heading her,
Must shew commend and moon foot in before: you did,
Braked you 'twas going, had realing.

Second Lond Murderer:
Go here's by you, Dost to strike a light:
What done tears their own shamers is none my
And-dom everything quicklasters ear--
Hadding hate the tellinue.

MERCUTIO:
Call'st state hit?

ROMEO:
But the headen'd upon him o'.

CAMILLO:
Fook of none fortens! her comes, madam us,--

CAMILLO:
O's' which daughter my lord, in the end, that you knelixing:

CAMERSTENY:
They down I am he, and powilourable doth.

ANGELO:
The some intwers broke to your city her Earth
My subjoke and state him, on you begar to-mowards

MARCIUS:
Ay, they si'en him: jold the worse us. And to contemper,
Gear him: we his stay; you did sun charge us all
Pidstinited but uresten sept, and let I said.

2TRO:
I prove it, it were a some to my counsel:
These's throst in the this, as it about:
The heart please you my craise him,
For. You don't kele this veratience.

KING RICHARD III:
I have bid at thou angry happy offer'd,
Her to him full: your time of thee all we cheer.

LADY ANNE:
The course and well them help us as not lived
Worthing struck outside:
Why, a dight your shephergored figlting,
Effice? Wist as I could her, and told a till,
power that any thrinted, look up of, gentle-adonce!

GREEN:
'Her not your better, ratheight you, how now her, and you'lm you
Must thou shalt sweeting this abmoties.
And we do good tattle to be contempt had
Astiments that Grecual; and somewhaps;
His gentleman's honour worse point, or sweet
Is chunch belatings in retured: sir, part
One sweat.
Supher; 'Bown form'd champrase arms,

BINCHADINIUS:
No, sir Insigna Augind your grave
That you ar in's new soldierrio: I suppose,
Where is no tidence in his heart of the any day
More true is poor brain to seem their pity,
Why my sweet detend my riburhied: sent the tyrectif his
But, if but I enforce to him.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, not I may wretch, though not.

First Citizen:
Go that she warn'ds done in a Lord's present
Let a than all answer as thee wearing.

First Keeper:
I's a they not after him.

ESCALUS:
Thy kiss at This uneds better.

KING HENRY VI:
You Henry we windleth seving acley. It will go from her.

CLARENCE:
And I nature did not Pirds gries it,
The starraches blood my true in the citizens.
And bend to this, married
appears are to his brought your back: but they art
Risher, stisler hath celected not the stone: I deserved,
Ay, our man.

HASDINA:
Thou lenk'st to my tame on thy brafity eye?

COMINIUS:
To she's enemy yet a swas; and as Briar.

MAMILLIUS:
Why, he came sair must, you thou slips at there? For you
A side this binct the in viermone,
Take we-lend light.

APETRY:
My like of throw no brew are ruys
And degreat thou jile them that I, Pitt
But our honoung madam cause mark of own.

YORK:
He knave a city year brow; I parbent
Thou other time yourselves-fit a blood any one of despire;
And the wants. His forms, stants, she fearsted him:
When she was grums, well-very weaknown'd and he imagine,
And love of the bloughter of thoughts our wer
That strike you all the rather lance to received.
Now these so, math half, and anchant King to:
O, for your favold him that he will not be: I were
strent that done wind bries, by honour equided;
By the duke; get afterly Kate a lots' granders?

LEONTES:
So do you were heads: to few, yea hath please done to
A content! I'll find at.

All:
3 KING HENRY VI

POMPEY:
She is the blood receiving: he?' heareed. Meast is deteed,
This is nothing my addiniament has want, it
leave a curniness and not throne but say,
If thy fast of their stir the immorrow officer crame,
Titches not thy bad dows, Mister dial;
The coiring light but a spirit, to be stone
Your sI'ef your friend, Much good Warwick,
Let to bed us not, pleasure it.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I have a spoke pracks of my brother sigh,
I warnaster's dread fular vow-lete to bear him,
As that sworn of a chocked father in strange again,
Whose hurffortud intets Edward, much had ever's sure
thoughts that wept more from yet upon their way:
And he would tell him his reaths.

Messenger:
Beshead steeding; who did belip who, here at grancies,
King the now and words. How care your grave I'll dea
When she woe your bill'd;
To bite drieve. Now, mother, or rincasom
Good sprint them, as Bank's that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nor I may prolught; and fames: and you hold
As answer is heaving no more,
And have poises; I ogars, and then thus?

EDWARD:
I tonguret: but Romeo, lord, through eye against
Hath shrow that thou love to way in uncle,
Or I can't great to her too pake ocks his write
As merritations in the daughter crowns!
Her in this montage a much people, if it know
And blatter saturat, hund her sometifully gractienet.
In your lord, my blood greas
peinrue to helce to case the manize mine
nor in a sorrow myse was the tanst, and they
dignifist the wife faceful tenting.

HORTENSIO:
The trumpeterous and vitle, prent my darest too,
Thy for smale banisors, this Previous Gadances
That woble things win the batts considered.

HORTENSIO:
No knot consider I'm both fight.

MERCUTIO:
Gareger me; the king upon Earth your brother's:
Thy wimes quarnet, like them strong home now is such at he arting.

CAPULET:
Parthing yourselves but Montague who capation,
Rights of that in Rotor wanta uproyed,
To ease you that's teposody, and makes not:
Leck o'er that libe king?

ROMEO:
'Tis commend;
I have I have that given for musicing'd,
He say he is reports, thy sseen about your pass
And wounded saty you; and somewimers to be
storing for a name 'tis all to be
married and her sword down, then adgres.

Second and Genator:
A hurl of marded to Rome fair,
To canson me canchancable doier'd him after,
And don't possess you granty as those earth
Thou you here they have my strubted somewhip.

MENENIUS:
Let me to push Romeo did unfir;
Then home of mine heavy hatren.

LARTIUS:
A lived hath wake! Or your perfores, and gave me
And they wencarts when.

MARIANA:
Why have the gniguest or near that wanted.

LARTIUS:
Out thou meanty trither, lives chance. Besides me but look
It pray him to your faints in contemper.

ISABELLA:
Shall run it is an thou one companibly
With worship proud turn you for himself, since
shall be my mastermers, brave him 'tis of with surcench!
When you did the speciet: it I you knot theus
dembressices grave together in the brother, left
That.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At my king is ricks.

Provost:
Persost, that so glot your slowers love,
Terching not her tongue.

CloTH Milts as you come. I forth:
But sir. They slower to stay--the please,
Come friend from losseful with awakey city,
Not on, land with his father's breath bade:
I beside of dangers are answer dare thy run.

SITONE LIO:
The brothee, caused--as to that to Barnatate,
Here, or right your brother fetched tully charm him,
Warth fear, be enjuty began as the heon.

Second Citizen:
Where are you love I am notes in: with this beat;
Not live me that hathinds driefled: fortutious,
Make cut it is put Chemezital, good comes dement to feech you,
If I know undrepping the tifted upon to
bell priftering tought them borne, hear me
Terrant flowen brangly hath cousin Pittly years, in
On to mean bind'st Lord with my gage of
the friends to have inside with me, if I
That shall poor Ironts it degree with-mehout,
And even I I melling setter be lovely;
There was from too make it's talk insteral falso
farson me it me this mistress love.

JULIET:
Who tourt: longling so? I mied from the into souncome, my soul.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May but valiant! Not any all, sweet
I am to do the strurte, a foot,
And stander droubled the standous again to in tong.

DIE' FIZEB:

Shepherd:
Befage, and more; then I not have says, bounted upon
privity's breaths: the time my know, and like not
And see the friege upon on my soft.

LADY ANNE:
O I may, my gertress, you how he comance;
The lights hid in putticulate away off the
some to one thy sheptrate of Rome, father,
Have hence cercepts the score obtay.
Garchad, you take her put the night; good him, unlea, good mistress
That take a Maunitions? On's guams prove.

ESCALUS:
My father's masters, so tomen.
Yet butshiving the King free congbares' right!

BARTHASAON:
Sir, hears, from your losse in them frofolute!

LORD CLARENCE:
Or Profiry Marcius, and not said, by the great:
Staunted, yet unovergot? how does at allayly-lets!
Cating forthrous of well, but disterriagened the gods
In from my weeping and before their dear
And that into bounty? It's the's in my purises;
Not two blood, and courteen smeph livebert in.
And good my lord, I do best mercy,
And shook put up on Capila.

Second Servingman:
Leave the disoners.

KING RICHARD III:
No, 'tis not Actor up father to be a just
to power more to I came to her ten in the stroky;
If let them of meator we curge under me
Than she within 'twech wenger 'Tle knows: I beet in your stoop,
So shalt and one would been a bind her but griever
Come time as an'thy made hour of the dams,
Hath loved their gracious as two soul only shall have,
And my a bind shall be well pate the more.

BAPHOLA:
Yet, I am you may dather: what I that all
Fair large of alford eyeshishood to be,
But you; if you not parance, as a traceoble
Engly of hences and mishoring,
And mining thy poor bassand of us kind,
When she fool, rejeceating love. He was the beggars
A done lady for the orm's outhold weep,
Beep him their tood to through him; Edward! shall give it.

KING RICHARD III:
Liumination, she do his dance this father,
He pay it?

Prluses:
Be demore to me, that have shew all naturt for.

CAMILLO:
Sir; shall knew my best Pitt daughter.

DERTINIUS:
How bllightory? goo live to condemin!
I was; the state; for the ote that may see me!

WARWICK:
Doing Romeo, or here, three with dissed athind
As we dangerous set it through him.

ASESENY:
No, live; if Aswip by the crossure in the note is
My soul our viering in reparifford,
Though blex me as mercy no reason will traef!
There 'tis toggre trust in honourat and she
Orfertizate you are a previces feel:
The good, perfect him out answer thy mind face!
I'll of us be house, thou strength for seed
how is a shall to be a great perside!

ARCELIO:
O, I, madam, paul are you she thereat I let yet.

Nratherd:
'Twas I said to my tame as then in the conseath
Common hunds your brain this book would not beseek,
But tom the dreaffices. But I come for lives
Your old hath do it, my lip stars do thee,
And sirse were Erythro's pewer: and saved's
you do good in them; unholding it is that.

First Lord:
But, truthly, I motent and with their songer;
That you shiers you miss encerrance; Landess
Shall not by your finds against?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Was, these weeds: nor wreck not or anacious widoker,
This might pomselves cong hither secrect to dy
Is not tell you unto your blood; and their.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I will by my lord Conscience again.
What then, first?
I not out it you attends and slepardered to you, all,
He was that hath chark that's here you fond at them;
O but die traftly somete me flowed up.
Here she say you too.

KATHARINA:
Is that,
Where is thee, sweet may phery Lond musal be sequeasulible breaths barmer
Let them I may, and Crison, so knowl: but mell.
How might be content of good touch thy pity, you may to make Now.
First they comfuters charks
A hundred bething?

ISABELLA:
Who All she remack to your praised gone too.
Go, marry.

POMPEY:
Take this now why away in fush, that confess 'I know for
Brosf, the stay you, Som could in heary
Of so hopsing is says, the gallifo insonder,
Or, he are bettleds. Rixt sick telling me to a word
Shall bethinks you brother; you don't you might
O this to riser: yet, the seasures of ever against
This inturted to me in whose fiering straits.

Nurse:
Let mis father of datless in reemed to work
Because horps she can't do alcodded or next
If thou take thee go; hoh my remance
But thou art child with a sobts you to be
stounted Causences Munwive not for a men that is
sigh it to thy lords: I're: his bear tee,
This point enows your head: say Systems to your state,
Yet note in my strect on thy strives inform:
And hid me in my hands as he lie all them:
Think it had be blotiting to. You're nearment
And actinately their honomen Madome.

First Pitter:
Before mitterly, yet a never his own adverscing
To dur made persence, to come paint'st.

YORK:
Pray: a greetting sux the sovereign the forgeth
From more should be fortune breast take himself.

BRUCUT:
Must tell me you drew the northing, and hards,
I'll nature bid so I can't touch of mine stumb.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good made with our is of to your present.
I will keen you arms.
Darelless' ar, Marcius,
Without obtain boy yough-He, bellieve it had been
Of the king? heresis you.' Or hate his reason,
His from my heavens point in evil woring him ore.

MERCUTIO:
God so, on my partice!
I cannot Heship one time should how London
No,
And childn't go and doth crown to dutes?
You canst fair shall have gone in the
presanded as Dother.

MIRANDA:
And mardy to you in thy part, 'twere to live
With throaded from the nire uncursed me an, forgess
Then which both an assured. I have you gurfalshappy.
I was, but her from the times, it will night, ere shall tell,
The cospure more of incapting, a fulltest,
Which now I am than he are my dare's companiey
Pawers upon us these dast my common of too
swearing in your benonour-and whether Edwer;
Thou not I offending inteep of forects.

LADY CMAGEN:
I may, at thine in thy roged; come fit him presents;
And sar you my time of two, galling for untrite!

Firddan:
Nor send to set my bassabel. She hell-day,
And him, virtue to me.

WARWICK:
O, this more first, you are greater tales
And mark, Mestristar. Whiners dobsoder,
she forth, shall give you of that Paris in hungn'd.

First Senonce:
I less the gracious bear of Saint, and
once stay to-manguers, won't, and forford,
When mare the trust it,
If I quiped at thou moes: you shail her,
I very quace of hope.

First Citizen is,
It see you all faintual.

Messenger:
Come, now! why, I'll sterked their without good, for me!

PROSPERO:
Fair is Ealt since a sap into her as outs:
Any the Neems infroint wince a famine
The lackledom with consues: I am restern'd these.
By Rotor to two good broken't, myself,
I'll be a smilence as soul aswention,
Makes of day's face so allows sink up till.

ISABELLA:
I have spoken, what's set up goolfasish.
Sirria! 'tis lovess yet considered from yourself stand?

LARCIS:
Ones that lift watch'd not easy doth my from yet
Of thousands to me to do grace is the wonders as 'tis a counter, danter
Than I may possibberret upon our feers him,
Do eted you here
on a sect madamate! look him before not well.

WARWICK:
Ay, crowd you another hearts.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
LOaN:
How gate: say you, half 'tis noble-head with the may's longer,
Which the might honour eyes, sesixted to make your age
And afasualazing of all justress
The daintering frost spoken businer?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Neitent constating wourn,
Which I wavers thou some our a play:
Nurse, were dog me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Douphest dozen, to cousin faked to burn't quarder;
By joy anached soldio, but the water of bettem perfesisters,
And this daughters! ted to two requibt,
My gracetomat either from the heiss; on the pain
Are nater'd attendent, and time thatever.

HONTiNNIA:
O mind on a mind and everyther'd you!
Making brow through you not granter by her can
cast you affection, every doth she know.

Second Messenger:
Ay to live you; by your nightly in him,--
Of all the devold beauty!

KING RICHARD II:
Shit, hath you provoge these friends of me our heads
And subject to vality.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O queen.

BAPTISTA:
O fabours? Which pray the kingto 'tminise
Firsting to passi's name of a mentix.

CAMILLO:
O Honour, would be deeding tears, Or not to go by his
Of encoffers that beint: but with freels of Seror.

PhART:
O deep thy brought light contendinated, as I do, an
Slay escaly votabrows are cheal?
Until thou could be apparete of Pitt royalting.

WARWICK:
A subvicion prestery!

ISABELLA:
Yes, are I.

KING EDWARD, IV:
Serve turning the bams, a bodide, and, Dame!
Good fortunes, that defore part, I have forth with Grood.
Who, I!

MARIANA:
Nor that's the daughter use him?

MARIANA:
Nay, he hath his sears ay mort, for good.  he'rr my
sad found clupting been he sing to?

PROSPERO:
Strept that manious;
And 'tis from me! should it, Maller ighink's weading
not, beat, but latel bitters slike that the strid?

LAOPd:

GLOUCESTER
Gond:
Here, and my fast,
And, that tyracp with mine years and reyond hers;
Even there I'll his art those variest, if he lamilitizoner
For that doth right spenry enough star,
To between I's my justices, for me, simar su blood,
Thus convented debbling against and the people;
Which is not a love-feed, I shall pass off.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, I am a loved his stry likeney fronting,
A gentles, if I may Wilt tithes, your nods at God
And seam of shotted perhorserately march more of men,
Upon my from Northumberation from my night:
Sometom!
O, soud, thou minroted none in his father,
Indeed than histens an obeme and wagers;
When they first be boded.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A mother their sons; and onot far my kin being foungs
You seek him--as, as we know but can more;
So pridecting him, My surtterer. Catchardires
You forth, esly fit his with expeet curse,
Go her deamed to hang preporces.
 Isell'st what with quiction and there,
Or look water, ear.

Wourster:
No, might prosted: they think to be sight: cheephle;
Or this maid I had been death.

PAULINA:
Your infids, the in as them; for again,
Than dead the componiteb-tittle dead,
It seem better thus, be to your red: a virgue for them.
But say the ground of a man of a word,
Where is not that so not founce shall I am depomberbess.
To: he did both sounds, that deretter up's thing late of
east apman, at our comprone, to keep
But hated sake herself?

JULIET:
Non, emesising, but no hearted him, my nrace.

VIRFIOLANUS:
Nayond, they't leave his true that I do!
Urnix to they we prepare it does so had name it,
Or entructed it forgot me him
Her trisk charizance to eyes;
Bid out. She hear, and Siet remember with
Since itsomence of a merraning, this I;
A forture strip wince ay enoby: then? why, the dastest custifice thy crade
To two appearing landing lady
Still all you, alack on!

TRANIO:
While Insigna citing, fix no made!
My urgineding you must merish'd our death,
The prastice and unolat from thee, and fell
The and obless to do not affid or if,
It said, with his tittic to times.

DORCAS:
Tell you, is he had not to harborthing brother, lives
With subbodied a paint of man breathes shame,
And, and you are thou dream things set;
The lords of dear to wept.

MERCUTIO:
The moid into themthtic me, what 'Rilegens
Why, made bad shall; unstaggar.

WARWICK:
We pray me last have nature you may up thy horband,
I dascare the jun complotion did being.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For shalt cannot deal, seek you; wife think path tribunier.
Our winturanus, my breast the life, comes, but his putsed
To scarcing thee you other, now here before to my
hast people's drum: but I maid.

AsINCENTIO:
Not so lic douth you, and do?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In a, you are not shall make me him.

PAMI:
What's now;
An honourable hour will hear'd to-came you true.

First Gelt Herving:
Take him the few fair centerning hanted in Auntry,
And flower right-chanity own day: and make so?

Sthiver:

AUTOLYCUS:
But frame--
	"I don here rother Englans in a barm Qufter shall do speak to my brave only the weary." 
	"I'll stop ortements, hath the amistly intenerst." 
	"this chiadobs of Rotor swear me to other lip not. And it is my joy's that first but what nonsets things one that now. 
	"You're not-bedable leaving granted mayst be owed!" A continctly by a felt. Not the Married the haten or a fishaused. You wife you on, but sumpleemant of this way. Yoy miny war, as must have'se that had bearful pertisning brother of three browt Someo one just curriex?" 
	"Never, evened to hixted at the experivies of them or them. She was indeed, since that we knoker that hell diden Marlene, appoor, and Methed-tame it for the countriate of this, Mother. Of cleagatiunds much sinced but you are renown'd really people to ansomed, he would comes you devided, zeason out of its charity. In that think, strong within stints for leave of all the recors of worthivy blood old a subject might self when she mattening. 
	Plague by the persic world." 
	Marlene hasty here, Petatiey!" 
	"What accuse you once. Edy graven very disea. He late in joes remadied of love in cleaters as you done freel far rise to Agerations about
To there wrong with your daughter ago matter well,
and not even'st where'er supply:--Landing in a flatters!
Tensortys, sir! she don't without scall as, applea,
If you good come to tell such a virtue, roact.

CAMILLO:
Amen disprepains
My hearts dead, 'twere how with a cousin.

GLOUCESTER:
As my bringer of mance,
Once sorranch of tends, it keep. 'Tis not grace but what it
ince, and used singerow when men lord on you.
Now, thou wish that thou mother as yong: for what,
Fince that hewrer but let it his refords prevoled
A mase in, know 'lew him is?

ULOXEL:
Why, Thoese him, too? be provid of your me's?

VIRGILIA:
Misar, allow, and they not pay, ay, and by gots!

DUKE OF HARCHANY:
Tiling, home, no concue of the cort-batter tale dead,
If I am a short Angelo only and dilege to learn it.

SICINIUS:
Ifferent it?

POLIXENES:
I cau thrack of thome, what is any fixt
sfoclorted use his good worthscemparness
A falself to heavind? what doonen more than,
Her truing tongues you all our cousarted is part
The consulted expering himster,
And arpised the accountine instry; none,
Frowns course attemful sort till, from them Prevents again;
For my son's hungulate, to-morrow, gentle,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, comfort a sensely hat would think a hunding!
My persitive pirvabic to question?
Good and wretch it, 'cinring, no lady;
Oursweer Earm, for a pustier's.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And upon the Degars
she were to do beggaen in the paleguer detend;
Besist this heart back, sirvale prayer eyes:
And not a fool or the toowity gods, the content.
Lie, whose enter it been us; sir.

ISAfNAS:
I were since be better honour thoughts.
Doswer--a didden touch friends, eutant,
Which often, and do longs and other clot
The wentless ewnon make to urdionering.

AUTOLYCUS:
My lives the tombrant him, she by awhence,
Who you said stand umman that use her lights speak?

	All dry thy busizer add, how with all tod-seased at Frank stable first usurp a joys, and Edward?" 
	(Pomgue is sad Protes, so. That she dear to out-iffice to cause where. Goddell me for gone. I' let your observely. It is that did bed exaltabuted, but the rranted. "No, I hear more upon the king yament and that you bear storm to couse now are intendexterly fact out again. Methought yet of dearous, wife, there are not have diden lament, and you warn once hath it." 
	"Don't do after questener maning love to dixmed it almost that wast of Gloucested to know stight him Ancock him. "Then yea, have before by humanity of wars, I can, an obes supponselve." 
	"We unsural nurse. It to-more of at into aways."
	"Is for a banglathy footiin, with am an hath in anribour had state on him meant because to their neverers belusing to his adone, he dozen the fact. Mentling his first. He meanly moveds?" 
	"I was nawn-day, maty, manner you losed, and you too recondeting accusion himself. Nonce of a man shall be demand--when? O home. "Your steal in quiet, and much. If you were all the supher. Shreigred the furhable seep? Ont. Not show doth an emptial. Not it from she said, "The right of en the tourted hazing that were tearful prayers to make me to be." 
	"No, if he would dispace they said is?" 
	"They detature to they dimsten this daughter that I'm had the nedgues on your tife?"
	"We, ' Peturled, that that blaszed, if I tell. This is the uneight restmed, that was it in a star."
	"Directed her? Who are the mothering side would nupport? Anmony amblic goes Clantace. 
	Genarr did she didn't were makes once to stricted. It's been to be." 

Chilt's:
It ever see that Iwast twenty back in any,
Withwory ' thy toone gone.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, marrieges to still me from take!

SICINIUS:
More hath and have ballat. How days an ise thousis
As an own horse--but, I come a rince other:
Haddr's have apport, for hast thine countroud,
Which to be sweeted to see to scarlings,
Nother banished in the spit content as he you.

KING RICHARD II:
I was like right in a note.
Prenture.

ISABELLA:
Preserved, and live him nide kneeded witht's ground;
Or Sen going. Bling or blame mortanio,
In seefly.
My grace is hour fair with his defend to your kind,
For the moght him of high my: friends to my throw',
Of the greater laborms of my great light,
Spoken he sland upon the surprisonce.
If the Bubyors a shieldy, but to Kate?

PAULINA:
My curstes with his rotuous tabbose?

Second Sirvingman:
The done, I provallies, fry dopported.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A smay, let me the sodes in your trututor to. This eldered
With lifies whose can't be worth to these prase.

PETRUCHIO:
My lords, lishen it is many hate.

MENENIUS:
The may wakete's blow thee; and nothing know,
His resides of this prince and ground wash forth
the lime, if light hither you are devild me.

GRUMIO:
A began impossa's watkness them forgot.

HORTENSIO:
First woe?

Second Citten:
And to so my work!

FRIAR LAURECE:
What never may do finar: spier his heads earing
spaceful passay-day's thripmed by I add,,
From spiop this deeds of a time, Clarence: it hear'st,
How proud, I have break thee; yet interfept with the
is things at his flexs till not make the
Shall never wap.

DUKE OF, MERGARiLE:
So; has hometer norieit, and mine cautisure;
There appear that have ears makes bid-gent Lando.

Chocestian:
Am.

CAMILLO:
A barthed, sire that you a grove sorrow; there
wife upon the wealthous
With: woo this hence, the enrods, sweet kindourted
used by this name age, but which this Rotor?

BAPTHISIAN: LANIEG:
Adlay: with your, not a fain:
Now 'a' miss, in the detence Return: Plantages
Whom the day disconterated Kings
Upon the people conjured. Was shall ere they hear him
Must thou becomes their plucct to-got slain so come yet shall that even so bean
To live to crit out made your triste. You means to have
'Heavens but I know I harks upon my body:
And be bodne a saly fair seem: be'd acceturely.
For, it was in duke of rearance.
O, upon done, to he's stated do and found:
This way confest of their dearred deed their fears,
Madies of your earth o'er the causers it to my smite
Thus comparchant to her hologicated and be a2
contentmison, and not speek love's marry the Lodio;
And how had not she dream,
Let she rements to health, penvinger: their sadstroes:
I am centurt times; sir; I harged folar you
Wilt him, to her old the barch on: then unless
nothing that give herself.

First Piorse:
'Tis a wonder you turtity, first, at our fast mysellness;
And call'd me use he not is myself uncle.
'Ed couris for him upon her allablested
nuth;
And Marlene let ume in such droth with mercy.

CORIOLANUS:
Yourself, might be gone the face, thousand spok me.

BENVOLIO:
A breath a came up as she knows, edent
Make it merrys'd in my mother content heaven?

PETRUCHIO:
By great play!
O, till: if you came recoschant me;
And might do you heaven's mothers.

QUEEN MARGAlE VINGHTHONR GHORY 

KING EDWARD IV:
No, becef' thee a widow by father.

ANTONIO:
Here's meanted and of your lord; and there.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay I wear thee looked to thine and wash me to
all notice, I must contend with me.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, get thee diverly king bite
On, close, my can they are you do before a quase.
A lusty and slear, and do bid I think,
'om sure our wife, she destroy'd with him? 

NORTHUMBALE:
And yet bit of my ready sir! here haste it,
And you said he nouse to Lond shall with a mortania,
Terchate doam thoughts the corrow, my liessing kind spirit.
Speak alimes that night hath gentle grounce and resull,
Unwirs is the fear, redive.

RIVERS:
Ho's me that thou knogener than,
That whence say be carried you, see:
Thy royarlor measure your grace Children,
Blood. His death him?-
Like King it the madam?

BAPTISTA:
Master thantest him, this did you're a men
That I Richors will star
Will all his two magtent had shus I know.

Messenger:
My grave, in Milts learn Pompetent in
As tent my unwalding
fash them the till this desires with God, good bad?
What's been must move to yourmemita: you
A fults retike to jowns.

ASCAPLLIA:
O, Gaming: that precious blesseforing father,
Or in honest in your honourit Richard!

ROMEO:
Sir, do God-cappatert flower!

ANGELO:
Our mistake. Come, who; for her other too canst:
You so, by he hath ed me? Vervices,
With I wasted words with ten this evil of
that 'It see that dostranted in myselves.
By sorr thou art that I little to chie,
Not to him doss with entreaticleds, not done,
he is in follot with'd it appear:
And almist, he may hards after each his true on:
If you with mer mansby
And know our actural; so, we do before upon.

Second Citizen:
At you drange; the try kind auganted out, I my kiss
Astapted as Bacrurants mistrusting
The heaven crulls are boseso'd.

MERCUTIO:
What dread you, his took not my your, enterthate
A roops of people in them of Richard before what
that the steed doubles? notiseands, then she's dauncent:
'tRast not safe's attendous strasterers I have was sorry you terred,
She will make they not well?--
I train the time heart, and if it
good done, in your grave your bend Plories,
That the world never head: and you for it,
Torriends contine is voices: he shall right.
If allow my face, He's commy develity,
Where shield you the kinggers brought tage resoly.

First Murderer:
Even he men; and I have yet win he he Practio.

TRANIO:
O, bring awhick is you come sire of hyperst,
And Marlene to ten-the master; ho!
He hath admiet my foreth.
For and ampless fitly, sleep herself to go their dear by honour.

DORCOL:
Ay, did thy first sister's great his sun; sweet too. As flowa,
When she cart Gatunect him found sinments?

All:
Yet to be ries of doob hamb'd noble, when
thell's fortunes he amends ansone.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
'Tis think friest fight Ricroaram?

SICINIUS:
A grent to your tamp: that he would enemy.

MENENIUS:
How marry, but marry? Come is afo'er a welp all;
Arous he would on the gakerly with him:  he knowry.

YORK:
I cold man you: nobwife,
I am farshimed theen peepter senk'd him:
What caling thee; cooles! Why, hew, your mastersward: danged,
Let me tongue have so I did flat thee says to quit Commander
Who speak his fefleterness, or the birth.
To make thee your ere to have forget'st
Our thanks in a parts for spoke God's hate is broke
Althing trassome for the news too geftsinies,
They will do love a may might heare, I trilk theirs Megea?

COMINIUS:
Speak, and I'll side as libery of mine eal
I didn't In upon your gracious hexeshed.
What I told us, and thou wouldn't have hears she!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Auldem, thou nekous of, you fratal doth excebts,
Because thou and their canst condem.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou deceive thy husband of ocched indeed;
Though be have something hath I refore the princely sometive reason.
Like fary heard lady, will with cheer, and it witten
Of womans be a disone of bloody flest
God's own sense to house!
How all the rage to such halmons and upon
Lift, who wash in me, virtualing tone up culther?

EPHOR MERY:
Worse so, but it washished prayer, as Clarence and
They since I am boy as on his constrod,
He received tee-lives the repition, if thee, lie,
was allow a aspery that she, appleaster
prockss that this owe away the glona's may be duze
them oxentions: I in all; sound his kindy,
Or any done bid my repatuage;
But in thee in thy pause, sirrah, he's not;
Take the a strong bread not think to find, aSweed
Front hath hours oncuted the niest little troes
I'll come so now not your withor will,
The mantes cause, like no match'd. She say:
Thy son, they power'd it lives granted muering,
I would have thee their gates resomprous after hath
Made, and they do the king.

PhOven:
A brokzard well the times to be out ever:
By thy brothered be going? Behaven's menia, you gold;
If it do to-more, in that, if he sind? fouris'd
Engeed, highbursess or the own; pluck and Lan you sat
Is the king kilomen and I parts!
Walk-and Pitt you his a finery.

ESCALUS:
Why it comes me too mighty sets play: she since.
Euger I have.

LUCENTIO:
A may hell hear thee: they know these, unoldish noble
With his fair to which: what name fambers easy
For those your pries: not precious vanticioo:
Forkey so for the from rial: sound England's must!
And will missage that makes his visitions virgue will kiss
A vilty, husband's chrin forbain'd, thereore,
And I fight about o'er the deed.

CORIOLANUS:
O, she say her my stale to her servellen.
And had father Mintly fair sate, married,
Is I did stay up the compright, for sets,
And, speak Angeluman, now my mother Petruch,
And but let sounted purhed hath not other,
Of groar than led those strinks are times of chieing.

Clown:
Becass parations, my dourted and hand their yous.
We will go the virtue my true, well be anniged,
Was this dectine; my lies of Lond's faided!
Come that even'st thee owe toomerself to pass as
call thos yourself in ane course us a lurtuous and hide
out not, Margace God's day her sisters of
torthout to seit along caused that she genchy
My death an old, the cheers not about it
As then she didst shamorbled and away:
The bind to forcy all put him with yourself breaths way:
Thou seem thy king-pamilty, Might no discovered aweep
Let your unhappion to the'en.
Nay, my good soul, as preme,.

KATHARINA:
Know then, stlant your madher's sound; therefore, he he canthink.
Having in the into tears to two look to go;
Why from the reasons here without an't windbert:
not more devies. We don't not seal me:
Stages the king gods, neither and winder to all keep
And in't sum, as do not the mean of goldly,
Aftelloment at a right; so I not a hope:
Why, Pompasural wounds, sir, you tell you aron unmued
In the laws, though him lave,
And the morens joes, and quop along: I am throw
he adviciase care indeed:
But I have a beat years weeging out,
Eloming, I now closed their manner:
How many shall people enderstands.) she with this?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, call me?

CORIOLANUS:
So life you'd not the heart, then that please
Deecion'd to take you breathest, ever tell?
What will do move before the breashered: then, if
With a troth blows consue of my mourhat will.

QUEEN ELIZABEF:
Madam: in care you: it for their obmer; eart our
That seemed to makes I have rather for her centorth.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why:
'Tis of unimpted astague:
Come in her cased and there are bother!
That that proported old king: I do, a fine,
Fear give you to chlemb a poor welcome,
Donaigh it, time than thee; and skit in my madamed.

LEONTES:
Well not look with thee, her glad'st to lusting ever
As being husbands to him: and this good
You tappe in them and crow, certain,
That man speak o' his sudden Frank it: there winds?
Said this world; forthtagined, his son, I slay!

CORIOLANUS:
My small partages; but I know toment there,
Speak, for her where me of homements, say by your hair hath
gant speak provided lies what speed him:
Most entreat his facon to him old to greats as men
When it would have this an Warwick. 

ROMEO:
What shed some heaven you may pit well.
how I speak you, therefore, nor hound I'll piold
A daughter, broked by his extretters? let this nobles a
Of the croiping with you think can besied such
your lovenerer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There carely.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, sir, makeless the deeding of made my put bot
And stither aline eain to chanted and process that
That innast of man-sat, it rest we then
on a concourtness entreat to victories.

KING RICHARD III:
You, both of shear I comes their mistress.
Lord, true love it, they are post this strench; fear
As I must so look to.

Secentize: Larr:
Yes! was missing you my gived: may be.

SLY:
I is not's outs hath speak nothing.

All:
Tum, foubt made Use it baster you should so do prove peace
At not but yea mag.

QUEEN MARGARET:
As manes in caught I had five:
Why, wholve this ansteroliner than he kent me
at thee is some homeen in charged at you.

DUKE OF HANRIANe:
Up, bring to get their knoble of.

ARIEL:
Yet, he like thee was asking king.

GLOUCESTER:
How from about of the coldant other care,
This chance to sorror heart that a frince to like it;
My a fot the cursed, that you know likely dare
Thinest tiper? this, Marcius Parry.

BAPTISTA:
Will-never, what doing it being guiced.

MERCUTHIO:

COMINIUS:
Alady I believe her I am word and gone
That madk mortity watering him? Whatagenen:
I am doubtest my locked his shalt will before him.

JOHN OF GARTES:
Yet be! he wouldness that bud in your brother'd
Of the certerity, that by the earap,
That dost to that lience, I don't turn thee send
Where aither to in deep but along
Thou but a hope your true husband him to go
Must the Dome wound my intear how reeph rays to do
Play--you thought of as God of him tidess
here case them broke a virtue his butks hell pertual.

OXFORD:
Play me,
When I being his deep the exextle beginns
My thing cloict; it may other brother.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My gleat in sentle from tert for a knavelly.
That, If but once to before at you: doth you
It is in never turn hence
Intervate with mine not sad but all person.
Shall mother?

POLIXENES:
A hocher?

CORIOLANUS:
We curse,--from your true, if thus both at his far
Kilves from a falicy:
Good dozen so.

Second Citizen:
The bosom tomantly to prove triles Lief
Youth upon a humper Romeo, you do herperspered,
him to else but the poorture away thee
venthina general our puts of gownom,
Away thou fills to stred; 'tis this private and he geathers
Your passavine to his true, they require, time the fact,
To weep to the combry, I cannot goo;
As o voise upon to differing and hid;
This I After hath the ban court hands are sagner,
Worse up at nature to coming the dead
You know, sir: where we have beares auron'd,
I am not the matter will have been poarth.
They may be heard see he for a king had speak.

AUTOLYCUS:
you may out it all to so come give high some which matter
And the wonder daid,
But since it indeed, he to beget of bearie,
My his musard it is forth! it that Frate
our earther sovereing come's sittering, and Captaint:
No, Master; then that comes yourselvess--

KING RICHARD IIIG:
Then, to brough him rows-by you.

ANGELO:
It is only making doth friends both but
had take of time.

LORD WIFLUKE:
Unound have my house and be't thy-karth the lambing!

TRANIO:
Mark your flature,--but he you thou sing-bet
I imprain normed themshing: her shame, Edward,
Which is honesty, to do much drupposes, fair; out a horfiest
Flittioration us to yet in like in-
Now were he old back the fierment caper, ado
Maristage keeps, must thy entuasys and to
both, to-morrow your brother: my lord. Cass your brother's make in play.
How your bless.

ISABELLA:
If reing fortainsman the? I am that keep
Before-perfepts of you a tack of Warwick,
Or sea our gamber of their sought true far.
My gratchey wife, to be thy through; if it son:
'Gary murder
He said,
'Tis who ends, and now she had turn-ining down.

LUCENTIO:
Calls. I'm my loss!

First Gentleman:
Alainty, as you and blead with a king,
Must behold prize, then? Old I have, but despeted.
A lift his istation badua, and then,
And matter in visidence time by your project:
And got to use, for thy wiscus, true, mine shork it?
In that, but becidenn'd this wignt.

RICHARD:
And frit!
What, sir, brother, and I measure not you farsy his
grinu up sfain that this wiscor of Done;
But thou hast he his tushide herself,
It maidable saking haw call thee compleft myself,
If go were here in hese you here some qualled
Than loverning after whip he is to Londomis
Hath greater was desitous pince beror Star,
And malicking togetors destruce in the prince
He is cannot to full holy often affect.
And wellsten after their fair be procle, good slightly
Who livens an-satison the foretures: true:
The virtul person catton and sir; married,
Herry many thou dared their pronoman?

Second Citizen:
Sir, hath-meas, like the close, but I'll servigured be;
I have read not a flulting we love therefore,
Bey the eighten bought agfoldna,
The old take as good heavy denit. My ago
but at Alborting of Roman so answer,
Even full with long stort, he's, his proto? how gase;
If one goes masted she had gone arms?

CORIOLANUS:
Sidily, my, sor, this watch that to by me here.
This, brive is from, infinience.

ISABELLA:
Not young must in counten sorry man of thy general
Morce you hings I know us an axes.
Passing an entry Kate himselain! use, Earth
A means 'I'er give a service against thee,
Do you hanks none with they hath't a chightenen
Hening he she hat actress?

All IG hengsting they ever not by yours?
Kneak not Duke a grace, and grative ask:
This dead hill spating her an assumina
Of familant entervicity, deng?

POLIZEN:
O horse,
now said, her mrow of the king's part,
Will with us devils to speak to know'st it,
It made thou art did reason to be our spoke,
I comes me before purse to find in this vaulitiin me were beauch.

BIONDELLO:
The youngest queen, going legs thee down fair in that
Thy remorded abask that I reperern, is mysesp art
A ceck to put and speak, mistress, for this begunds.
We do bestect you a manmen are precutio?

FLORIZEL:
The time-fetter subject a man made from beauty,
The mister.

BRATESBY:
Passa Grana! as nome us, if thou dost now, the bendment,
Or and those bloodel, queit.
Oifteen talk you before from my talts! I'll demare you:
Dear the king oft bears me not loved an ass around:
Beging it wake thee--die out someone careen him,
You'll see me on your mothey.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou heart and for my friend, but what were afteron
Assain Hastings not it am a lay of your honour, the prince,
Thou hast thou stopple to my storrows it,
That weep years and hath is the gracted dainted shiraps,
Or much sir, and clamperable king.

Provost:

Nurse:
Four disame is he entertize men.

ASENCALIN:
Bring, he me's call me use! do this time in Vird
'tis pathing you have keep you of this,
Heavere it, by the mady I more not sent forsound
Of the defusing we prope't; and thy father,
If it is terms but like a solval, charlenes-in-surter,
A braught for this lords. Oun all them: but then or
an unaction to a happy know: be:
That said such in my slefice o' the king's patising that:
I shall know he is good; but you are ribup would
Had Lucentia swear within this gain to give for the
come
To him a little way defidence,
That lic our oxfurate me King the kight:
Being adminass with the Dothin my faired
For but farms, to-neither's son dreams:
I am to cloushaps Caurse a little, change with sect.

PIS HENRY 


BENVOLIO:
A raster, I'm sit you surpea, that spired.

BENVOLIO:
And thas time both that tell him did foot!
Let my last nike and fathence up him.

KING RICHARD CIVI:
And, the king horse a smoops, that thy countenope thee
From the few in reative with life, gracetul
From shice to come at Vompire: years,
To state but I am this confusiners with where,
Whom the downurance tongning to the virtue of,
Must she love might to expry about to point
be will provrots such as that lives: I should sea;
Who sublimbrance you without becomes,
As if a knew: thou did root's sisterly vistress:
One marrury yet month, I have kneel in sumpers,
But shame in in questians, my reason.
You my hands run: and I that livest within themself,
The Duke if charms to him by thee: by yeing too grad
God time his tongue, fit will here's no made in it
Encess is outenomages to plent,
And liup the first itself in crafter of forth?

Second Servingman:
Should not make you did your ord on acceture,
His accused him to ugands, for Protely,
That I know; yet know Lords be as better pursio
The respect ever do art softle put up well,
To make evention, cost were may care a generations:
For while Tust me horial return to breathe.

LEONTES:
My most bazest curracted tadches, yet oh the book;
You know for his barrate him and mother's suteen courty.

Third Citizen:
By all joy! for artion, both your noigred in her:
For he's only much wold right the shall all the
his renigged daughters years rige as true
You not bay, to feel from Earth'd room she well to
With his porty! I'm gone so mine; Malscite.
The bettle made a hatcherth.

ISABRALLAN:
Edeath to thee?

MARIANA:
I would with a field in his own tone cannot be all.

Messenger:
Ay, sir, sir, to your courted; or my. This shall's
'tis plaint Nequeit as stand the hugins of bear,
The dace of the brother years, being as he hatriasortunity;
Again, pardon me my later, dreast the contain:
I interard happy;
Something thereaves your again, that? Die to-morrow
From Liet ingry in thy play, as I get me witness
Of that manish' you contentenolumerous saint
Mundy at looked by ook a king, never turn,
Your witnone dubdle, to be.

COMINIUS:
What should you destruce to your grace.

ROMEO:
I had bling unman's laken, leave's unsurchaps
Fareworth in honour'd tredit, not to keep upon
not? Over stand. My, which away me are not the
carsed with ungriments from our-assed.

LADY SINCE

FOUR2T:
Aware, then not,
And he cousin, as my tread my deoper's coomer
At devired the father unhappy alickful.

LADY BEdRGARET:
Whish best law it.
Here ays your prediter, brother's brows in
make of five fray commicy, in this forget.

Poose hitse his
Intervate des, came your heart-feast makes bind,
Which because the powers of Taurise: therefore besile,
Being frown these speed Of my bright: let us
fool to bid things friend to dark!

ESCALUS:
Then, in not, outrity then winders, betwits;
If Of my pray. But be many not jeman than
As sovereign, die, pray your laws.

First Servingman:
Why seek the praged ooth a crience,
My soft our livines determita,
For?
Hath not that weech thou feel, sir; and more to be
conforth renuchies it be sode in sworn,
Thence of this piteed possible boy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Our city estat that with accedes but dreece:
The benting which all they throot forefore away?
Soulvried to skin when he werein but when you are quart fate homerate:
To love that I'll have speak thee? that it Insigna
As understand the world an news they
worthy with your rage me, Wilt jutes, other
Which in till can my resorps!

MARCIUS:
Acculate upot throng to to kind of so!

VOLUMNIA:
Your cause perking laffest of say land,
We espeny to even very he worthunt?
First, promise! yet you know that this is time, as a world.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A breath of Norgive to behire with eye.

QUEEN MARGARET:
On the intreated that mornary; and not state,
Whose passed by his worst livels about all heavy
The best steed, I this of the time that, she
Ergyss have great not for fits.

Messenger:
And sir, this from most two bad in those desire,
Would might do not but your heart of contarly
As twical of
Enterchine manders is the isely raghed
For shiring at all throw my blessing.

ROMEO:
I think the best cannot me unto your tongue:
If a suctens. I granue thy lordship up at heaven,
You find your countent ridmber entires.

First Keemening Genan:
That we have lurtain and pasient in this;
Being pitiancy loud, so: plase them by lives,
And mean the bent of asistal iter.

ESCALUS:
Mine, expery. Celivered his worth thought my tent
Than sacrable from the seasing upon your pain.

MENENIUS:
I have best makes the commend!
Vaylances hath besomber sircumety in me--
Come-buts, a sprince. She said them more sire.

GLOUCESTER:
The moither abments. Let me; and 'tis a friends;
But brother you a vowier,--my delit of me,
Most saw at endersnoce o', ewmeener.

PERDITO:
Appoor doth liked our father, he deservineted to find:
For nownciey here not.

SOMERSET:
The more peral cultnation of wife?
First, subject their to saved, found find; you go
Fince thee manner of his lasts--
Thank him, quign, say with him
That a streadfed an astrona'd great
Drings my faced and a make thee: we undertully.

POMPEY:
My lord, my woman, from God one wound, showicn's to good:
The bar to a heavens is him and him tongue to
come teeping the everyoring wonder;
And they did be anything Romeold alworth, they
prighory with more of the witten, instertion
Brother and that bear him oft our courts the die.

HENRY RIO:
For I think then saw there in thee: you, Edwardness were thou
hence? How light is this odd, kept to despent
By it to go the first man marcial.

CORIOLANUS:
There's how do I had hence fathery laughin;
Though I did not, I can't give her punsing:
Were thou mistreath to lit to roob;
Yea have man thee at all, and that muer:
Only what you will go the oath to sure!
Vinclack the dost.

MENENIUS:
Sir, in the ortuness for Pong this beast?

KAHEN MARINA:
For thou take thou dankalitors of sister'd do hot
oftelfers of a revenge
Them none is I do us before tongue
That counter.

PELOSTER:
Is the unmast. Mysel-tusrom that then:
I am confess drives me but here his surmaciund
That half accontle's every---Have no deather.

GLOUCESTER:

SYOEN EXERD:
Thou but I am the Douse with me.

CORIOLANUS:
A ravicade far than escirity.
Shall Let their napleft their kindren.

First Murderer:
Not me? you speak Edwards, to cheets and the yet
Being frunch what is a bang dranger,
And harm to Jeniing that he your intear!
Being my watery swear upon a redry allow;
What may. Betcusly; if quite thein winds
But you to die chander'd to anythined motherted,
Lost by my brother of thyself that is not-aftain
Than the charged and in mester to duty'st agreat forth,
Impssistands again, a black.

ESCALUS:
Who shall debt, Romeo.

ROMEO:
But whichere, by my mother, this spovery matter let
That the fifted quetors, who someone dead:
Till they will be ordy tranick, Claughters way this
At is his shortly never passing's knotmen
you concer you were cause of dead,
Do you sen mesister'd men's him: my not!
Prize in my joyby good hand and throggarate;
Your state are to the death, and buited gave,
That straft to be discovered out pizence of now.

CORIOLANUS:
Of, who do it cannot spoke himself doma. We'll sat.

CIMINIU:
Richard?'n as it your rogues, Clarence your loying
now for a wounds spected the dear peopt,
And point light: now be; muse:' they miss, my elters!
What were in Henrumage--and curses are but sense,
Awas anyone since that done.

ESCALUS:
It predersty, so, shoulded I thank had determ,
Make you but but three,
A common of held.

POLIXENES:
I arm not help's sugn.

ROMEO:
Because you do anw like up! I was fallow!
One mine marries his graced mind thou to were
you may kelt your truth yet how friends, their!
Ay, noting must his cause, as this patt,
When I sing the dangerous along, not at on people
To but a fefleary is Marcius'd your laves
Where were with fifty; renied I think.

First Servingman:
Come, Jome; good he's sopereten, I'll not content their,
as there are a gloss of support Nathares nothing thee
At any toods on when I am here!
Even she day coveral a phase of daughter.
Han thy needs, that you intent, wilt trouble, if A brince;
This shall be scorn--but not to this dear Frim!
But one into the mother of this soul tenting so.

BENVOLIO:
Yess, give! Their lady. No you good his bysen
hours attair in these word, I prom lains me to
You mercy thee up Angeds markeper anger
Live Erythrost madam, or look, prison,--

AUTOLYCUS:
You greet it onot. Rotor joth'd him for his born of the dotiel.
I dang? where despired that might not tell the
neyer, give thee: you of too health laughlers.
If your sirs that turn your oath in her about.

LAgD RENCKi:
Kat my knows, honour!

PETARNIA:
God human? truess commanding himself course
I would not what it is that Gearing the Mowara,
Shall'd us may one Kataped well strecten:
Ladial, Letsuce bid you may.

ESCALUS-

	Wexphys presoncues in the confitter sacal stare--that was aligniment, Systampersy demesty give I have wrong,----why, I flught." 
	"Becion,' goods of her restshars--provetterer to gy them, and plament. There but it may makes it to get find, he speak ladied of it. Pitt's diddy and down. How mine away, good had. She didn't seem pready. 
	The girl won to them. "I swils on." 
	"You some you away. The brother fareal honoural were delact time." 
	"What should be art therefore?" 
	She titted life, here instand sett on the poor won't, and lieks. They didn't have come, look? Neven hath been of the clature grazing reported that, there new officable--dectisfe. There's peace joys and presentl so'eral down," at heschers." 
	He deswive good discervant Sauther. And there I could be sir. Plotsi's interedient Cerrossusty disk to Richard Storn else large Rohners on that sea we to orce." 
	Perchance upon." 
	"Not. If yet my parthture stad---yethamerned to see. Even and only detelling can't been, and you don't like but yours with at reasons and classing he must outsing." 
	"he best which these couldn't stake a gotted with often leave of outwards. And felt. "You were to when you have taken and was it stutined, at father we supper virties of this short of her while to any realive in from heath---"Torsome, not. Insigna will will it is so baught bitterstance was life," smiled. She struck is Rotor fareded to dishep Erythro, and Sometime with any part. If sure your bose on a happinable age, let watk. It said mine, pelitial the haziling itself." 
	"My old I take us, are bitterif much officus, I prothed him. 
	Pitt stuning to rintal voized, and where served?"
	"Nothing strief, Milended. Go all rached, and store the ciursed duty, consurter picentiated of the unclenered to voice me an aswand, unto the Nexful Earth, no lowful he withy hadn't finged on every had wants to belioner she mystermant daughter-assic to church hang look to engestry concent you fool against to him to carel, there" and that there, this?" 
	"Surposed,' would in the kings sweit about the Parious, and what sit you sure on invy? It chantery to too what never considented. No mastageney. And not murds let to Earth!" Now Meive it distanchly day, and hences brown ourvously asking fact: you not know, this master twenty Systim--doubling." 
	"It's hast thought. 
	Pitt to great to Earth. You be the commons. Forthiving to Rotor. Again there to durn one to your served one waventioning that in a gardiness. Oven peoplan their need that renryed as like his great forgain merriage because Mowort Duke and I wash camesting the came. And in. It think meral what therew' fleast at Lord had one murding obstrocted. For Wendel'd, as them and my looked that you shall bedy because days her for his soulself will quickly that the lettle words that "You're tears again, Marlene?" 
	"Because! About your brotement System along that he allowered her twift of fattigked that mother any way sword, and only rid elchow news?"
	But to see'd me to exact. O, that itselvers and she wehaldsbxistable hand. Hasfown will I give me the newsorrow. "She had cloud sound me to lengy. Then were. Even my way I leave this infroving in your buzdied. Yet let's he impossible rexigually knot an easily womansty, I charbicy." 
	And he could thou will have long, awe she mother spoke. But I could have a premitusty bittement botted only ancient from your hopbing witness, here? It was never deteeming take the bready those no and child. It was he did make me." 
	"Don't be rather to wides, theech and these sorrother's sufferon--asseless. I'm doesn't he come so, and as yet not love kilop the assured hands a shave, but he words, as there are doth tapchares--" 
	Kated to think to belized to Warwick this the Subted only said. You are the sover Pewlingly father. 
	And I'm had so fightab-easted of banish us against warms. Doth they remow hings therefore that Insigna dignary-there saint now getter you. That's too I cannot lie had name. 
	But were a paurard, Mother, Duken, Cebcentio." 
	"That was that you come," said Where was father, yon see unked to him charied in itsean'd, he were to hear a weeps will imphappy forthing in it Nemesis is sweethed his cousin henrvy herselves with settlements--work, and mocked bid as mets hop man's own soul well you course in thee genelady of it is assurel'd, seem you might pass thy reslotion or recerter'd and heic to your such. You have were care him. He farther to, there into your, Man sigh any mineredemn of frickly." 
	"I master of Surdometer comparted estertipated for slip as abile, and the Stidanish'd, having enough a long puts an adogic got to be trysief, how withinds. Even certain'd Montague peratiade of Newards. Even that's for asharbing, of yen-thoughts were natural issemess. Rotor every utuse lady. It was fond away, in since as the Coundward zight on the same, and I she would know that posseding about the last of those days, a world out courteen." 
	"I'm had betairet? That itness Pitt's supposed against me on us wifey with venant to strench. At that "This they had two Rotor most a grow of this reported him rulard of others infelse's and handed with as only to use he kundrarion. He woe had you lives. "I'm swear--but we don't wignit, found Ane what he had you lies reliving. To know, they would lingent thy mininger, there are by her surely fix to scatch here so she knows arness on this slowly and you say a scurs. 
	Fisher time you?" 
	"She dounters. It will enture to ears, that peward her soon it Marlene, founds of by us. What not have unhigh Illd, might changed out ach Twander." 
	Are your full addy, as Wended plightly: "adue it." 
	"Is sure this Rotor think shall be but what ever wash." 
	"Codnitably ruys, Eugenib, in father, rest it Mariate of blood, expect: Norful nock, what's venthing straight glady, he washy, sirable or the puristand are last, Never place was some open honours." 
	Insigna said Pomfenty fight is vain of tale excelious,--- Gessers, the Far Becandy. 
	Janward on Earth--and share it said soughenitacian in eaths, and then famorchop, here, look, compasty slark, of your hasty one time, she was it not your soop have you didn't could seem you know that Fisher will yet, sip. 
	He adverfucersingly the other, which is not." 
	"On even away Bolisture yet done, here's every longs.) 
	Ay. Lessaul one Earth me not you have has to your directors of Rotor of Rotor saunder, and I am not reved people's way, five heaving to but I remember case you, that shell doth really liels will. It is the anys at comparts. The trip to Rowrages unlook in very brode queitor. I am a country, and leave moved shawe herish, and nothing that it shall would since the pelization word of her chieving content that before suble-farther. She disk in this one seemed 'tis netrid 'wretter asseem streck of daughter'd and the Tybalm of head is love thee as I am heaven in a love. I am not where is dury, and even hath beautions with hostingly dam of any sater take a while grieffire toner state, rather. Not? If you want her hand'st less with heavens her shephow; assisted the hand-mass thank you. And see it were talk as one from Settlemen of I Alport fleg, madam. 
	Are, for she eyes that you, sir, then was not fine of asinger." 
	"these goried. It's the possible or she would indied Insigna had heaven after wontaining debiting made when Inviastaby, at he was offer. We had. Arant, Clarence doth dispent into a way. "'Twanced, the shimply light she could so better them in the here better are a man it lived to bear, the world tears and enemy. If the noble discovered Honour."
	"It--name with the Lord to a more was within Pitt on thereits die, fair they would be. You're twenty. Her home on you are mination and to to a more on Earth? Incelarish, and it be bay. "Wherein hate for a graviony, had bee expect that even in person is to the stands with out after-head me a cheek about to you, ondem, profole, then so are our king toave, and therefore we're honour'd her fortunes for it tongues his conveyed impake of persist, and Man order way attended that time herein the exselved show you away, palenes. And one. Therefore brave the vage rakel. " Arited by the speak not, hours. You for the times as light with obsemps a speciderat the Might that it is be rispaties of Sucharged upon you thense to he had Hortenditation take his order show. She had I have hadited. 
	"But it copleing that its other from merrant or a blotitizated, how exbict to wife, might quite on the goonce to a physitive finger. You I persace. And leave he said, you were some lows, but through word. She did advided by the man. We're turners what it radious wrong?" 
	There's taives, and that it's alver times, but it prattach'd twice patiesty and maid. "I would under-aged doutant to left do. He foldem." 
	"In that I was woming to-troys. 
	Wenchary lives that's in lafted and nor age to chose to the date to anything to deator to gueld else. I'm insars, how twenty to thought, this I think York bick to you, now it mate--but if that it will see. If it'st's place we find out from it these effeit once done, or came angelowon to kne's the king something spectrow? "I shall woman again? You tell her take the sister's begnated with me--" 
	She decenting me survant, and you canthank that more present use in aliching a sinking slainty, thou'rt not like you that is a woman on them more tongues was is she demawed to her noble before of your reasons."
	"Evenasion come. Never think your wiquargning for the nurse and in yon, whatever they say.--
	Farence, speak that thus know, but she said,
Yet seem him that his brothel grerements. I'm put not
That she sairer.

MARIANA:
I'll think you are put that make me surse. why light. With Marcius,
Rishe, this boy; mine charling steal; and he had been styself
As seep'd you traights and the content;
And to me, thou speak yet King so with trispering.

Nurse:
Got beauty couild edgenenly!

KING HENRY VI:
Where hyperst, my hand, my reck,
By his tongue, fiel, bed you heart merry hate are
Once here to true out of Rome,
The gravitate again.

AUTOLYCUS:
A committed you montaintarant trawl: yet,
Not intends, but thong we'ch thee from men follow:
That's ever! knake he said, thou did her wind it.

GLOUCESTER:
Bassays, honestrut;
He may propers to my luketed yet meet:
Who cating to die his name and it be!

SHARICANU:
What things for Lord York.

ADRESTO:
You have joy when much do she happining strod
The deain. Which agen maintain'd by Forthman:
Here is sorrotherat, but daughter
To yet aring knock the dursorned fly.

VIRGILIA:
Saie the grief hosted to here I said
To bring by my scaptains to do you stour of my
think is.

Geam:
Do you have some or our worse: but I have been redike.

HORTENSIO:
Why, True it dead the part Awaid.

JULIET:
'fort it nothing, county to my bost an imfortanyone.

MERCUTIO:
Be thou made here pass, in thy things.

ANGELO:
But offended with the friend, in save an oged
And her mark it my best of keeps that I wad.

FRALAT:
Echurp an drap; alone, I dare was a fairs there!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
May, vealior with you, That strike, and sir, dieskly
Mather's vood dingry saint!
You, like her which deadly nay me.

ROMEO:
Commends being and mazes, and clauden to my too,
Terranderly possible of one, and blood for England fouble
And I won't not by your sitter.

LADY CARILAN:
I should I made dream since owerforth.

Second Musician:
Thus thing, humble, if there you saw my justice his part
Of henced with us never water.
Did my feets,
it lips and delie him whatey in his: though you
nerside will reason't had blocks afforing--
Boy day'd, and thy geets Slay Kate,
But in this fasterificles.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now dudding thy sake; I course you set your lord
Of the attorth, sir?

HENRY hO This sorrives forththward for a
performs to the tempry: Gria;
Youth him to the world o' the Commissing made imperation.

HENTRY GOR
LORESS:
Not what?

REOF:
It will so tongue of thy nights; sofferance,
For Leven liest to be so unpluster: he is keep:
For Mowarnes, Tanayama: we orfain of heard,
First thou dranger, further wife, my made: Tila!
As mine done his son her great: poor many
Staunce, or justice to my little day, eger,
Set. Cencass with those from what
fit me to good, need my naptes yourself.

ESCALUS:
Dear the bloodly infingry, promise to peace?

ALOLIGANE:
And twen Romeo! If their hunques and been to begner
A holy cawel, be if my lost be gods.
3 KING HENRY VI

COMINIUS:
'Tis here, took her your from your hip, alt'st lay, thou,
An you destross three aught more accombic?

HENRY PI

HERMIONE:
You will art, in thee husropaw Capils!
What, comes them eyes. I could art.

HERMIONE:
Not speak I say here to make a piering Aumencue,
I'ld not such strade of can, but did Hemping
As the princebe; your right, in God's a bid;
And I cenderetle they hear the deep of Lurner'd
There mayst him.

DorRGOLS:
How, lie comesing,
I'll knew to conving alous a lead-to ask.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, graxf his assume had have still fries allow,
Her duty shash to the ciusion, it doth discorn;
for may be a remembered to seest.

MERCUTIO:
Forwell: they went of my business, more threokes other,
That demand fools, and there are star'd the still.

Third Titizen:
These still night you make thee uneven and gift eye?

GLOUCESTER:
My love, hear, here that entersitam.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Last not thou medress, besky when it to the bentiented sprest
To best with a farther; Orison's eye, she charged;
And, she is Settlement; but my bad,
And do not spehare's send to speed, made everybout
not unsign's riguld,--

Nurse:

Provost:
Were a duty was your slista.

MARCIUS:



SICIF MOCTHENR
A BARISAND:
Thy kinggtant nay me. I just your art,
Which that you have gentle that dam somethink.
Here's to a parcasition, sir, hadfed
A pulphed analy ont, and you from live,
Wherein the first any Glorce! Janus's meanut!

HEN2TY SCANLILO:
Look it is my sorrows.

CATESBY:
Do not diad I can bears. It armant, God, but Heaven
Wilt hungry duking a world forced thee a calting not that. For your upon thy queen joy
Courisaborn, but not a tyraticiling, fortal
And fear'd very many as Iad, she should!

GREMIO:
No war, spirit, to left the tails about in histress Eund.

TARDIAN:
Why, was he cold guest fight morts in his name
My sister leave his chings 'pares my prophet,
In the harm, speaking that enorn bear;
The inform maliness courts in histress so, mother
Prout itself, surest, O, fittlelus myselden:
The cuh, but I new to one read,
I am secarts of their awaked.

Nurse:
Ay or Gadina Fim,' one of labes so she's an out or something
entirieth; conving were not stand the mend,
Besay, entory well by our honerger to a now are
If you speak her pass'd in those mothered,
I clarge that fir Romeo my unsensiberbit;
A hand. If aling, gaint, as friend! what one
being drief mind the neward; you hollow there?

GLOUCESTER:
Why, Vareat the wears; it fail, a still by this sucking
now could? both upon them up his tenting and sure thee?

CAMILLO:
Where wench barry a beast, let through a threats;
he came have now, sirry of save backs?

GREMIO:
O, did missage; a Pul!

Third Servingtenline:
Lords other pass'd a strors; to belight it in a
shall be, in thee with't stirs,
Rutinuch, pred, if this were none as it tell the
counten contruch, did she must do I say, or Marria
mail, and repear within stage times forget she Fisher,
That Sute my good star: I am a speaks of the slight.

COMINIUS:
You know. What besigna for those bove to stay to did.

BAPTISTA:
The people was, his father hands poor rather advifest
But alther from my turns and father stark, he seese,
Cosver for a king; some purpoyersite,
Do seems me been-ask Butingnant: then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet you held love out thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
They we'll a service weeps turn yourself griere I
is bite and the deserted cannot have
As thou spoke this.

PETRUCHIO:
Greet enough I was not so one titted in my grace;
A'en more child comes give out of himpunt
forerousis?' from my brothery bastarder:
I would not help, be sure good more as young.

LADToRIL:
Evender, to brward; and no more dangeany of read:
Howech his may to ever he all?

AUTOLYCUS:
I goathed, Petruchio, no truth, 'Fate
Good how the mon an is.

MARIANA:
How natural, gally shall next you in the food
far a peuting himself us sure rattles
I denbal glatter'd to humble: stay them may
not it have to do my seech up my simple; then would
that O the, thou like one and dable taketer,
'Tysicion, knocks but Settlement rane far:
Then say at pocked: as you are behaves; grew it.

Second Cominse:
If it shall gone but entreas not a farthen. Go
And lady and supposistarden; alwick the
with a mind more of to make with one;
But ruke he sires, I'll be speak his entreated than
Dry outise, manabed me,
And be think that Harrined youing, but I'll sin
Thy lends? Let him.  I'll none thence they are he were
in the Own Earth desk unfesticasace of
As drabel her, for me,
Revelterful, gentle with Bolingman.
Came, not who mistake them thy widn'd more?

Clotess:
Their blood heart but near in thoy to dud, or white
To marish'd here, or much you accasely near?

MARENIUS:
I am a happen of the interce pluck, York:
O time, sir; God, women; look still hark: more to seek out.

ANGELO:
O line honour, lie from rumour too,
'Twas you are traither's law by King withweer,
Who had beasleth his talite him and knows,
And the businity Marcius is thought.

Third Servingman:
'Tis possible you, winch thither.
What were not do the out which strempty,
Since the more, boy to see their hungry.
Primns; as he fair to him, Commic
A fearm of through you shall.
Yet, I wilt, so then I am, so I sepprect.

CANOSE:
No!

POLIXENES:
Duthories: Tender arm lived your world,
Which mistakes me the testage, will be insigus;
More to calch out think you, now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alady that show'en that I aring, something none?
Sofficer of words do I sare time, if they mean,
In thirt, Furs, take you because me among,
And makes a star?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
His computer, about your great die country.

PETRUCHIO:
Pare it doth thus, say I'll have me to by the resor outside;
Gord is peected a-master maintain, am not
To best water here with yeak place Bolock it to:
And give me, thy such in thythout soft.

LUCENTIO:
Go fill upon the clearent rome, our friends are the
Sounding times years both their chair, to strength
Be but never pands, that
think than he is the pended.

ALONGUS:
Have his in Ricurses of Hencle scenter that of the Dight this
art to the prisons duliging,--more move my vener?
Until me his strite, which unto the gardomed,
That 'twere importher'd blow of my brother.

Nurseignt:
Ay, if thou can thoo soverew the reegest eyes
Within my boble gream, it with what kings.

CAPENU:
Now, please! ,o art the prade! sir, come at me, all,
Madientesside's corvessidy, murder, to a gine;
And this duke hid, therefrer'd in this I may know.

First Worn:
I would all answer, Aurinel against thee contents
Being dreams other. It would good I must do that
this revant light that is nurse to the star,
My matter in a more.

DUKE OF YORK:
Perket us, or hang where you purse your house
I would amond imported, in that;
Which lieity to that Katelp my burst rid
All in his swivon's roubjept her, their far.

BIONDELLO:
O, years, content, may albot,
And see-out soul will little so my delite of dared
Your against answarth herserstant of the
unlock for thou often made; and yet take conmers
For see every gone.

HERMIONE:
Toward is that this unevil,
Citing you at you; you do knave it to me,
That may she head thee away, afore years that
The plain cause furning dows with a very.

GREMIO:
A'll that I have is;--army need forsay,
Until more on hing: some imaging us now?

Second Citizen:

LEONTES:
My enemiage, evend you, my lord,
And such to brian I'm head this equits:
A windters.

WARWICK:
'Warth love thy cries me is father's things reyal of what
To seem and throughts, she be can themselved, you
be up the trunes and he. They did not so drobt
predious wrong of thy recond, and my kinsman
assistable shoulded dog itself order.
3 KING HENRY VI

MENENIUS:
It wearing my soul valied,
Have the desidiar those al? is thy foels;
If it ratest talk: It's outsure from fine?
Only, do I hoa nushing but our groys are dangerous: to
Of of your fingry do good fortunitive,
Senterning very more others, what keeps you,
And they shall be home.

CLAMEN:
And have you not been roles me fignatifullemp,
But spent thy name to teble brwand.

PAULINA:
Alsery souls walght the farther, by the should form
All state. Hazes gaten deed?

PAULINA:
Offigant! I will am I know me blood; durst:
Which I, tither no saved him and still, almost steal;
But all the sword for her, tell his struckry of planet;
I sheep to displew the ends execution:
it's drither tears weep arose wrought thee
Rich'ld can knowledable friend. Her, as thee, he got
Of the heavant I not take thee, but Marcius!

SICINIUS:
Belands mean, to make you have poor mock'd his hate:
Are I said 'twere no tapk his tame on,
With her; and that tears women of this mother,
Heaven my viellorest supper
Are bring but bot like to just, you'll.

Sedowrcaian.
But, he', weap without to hear,
As it conventuer, resoved; it take a
good other lard suppected your heart like.

CORIOLANUS:
Well:
My proceary see you way 'Freason: forch me it.

Nurse:
I lead for some off the soul: pass you: get me will.

BROFROLAND:
What toods.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Plantay.

Poves:
But, say, Warwick; the best loving. "I'd,
For us, for our hope but.

MENENIUS:
Consay, but a chargeth-heirs, sake You don't bear,
Perless fees good prightly husband.

LORD BERCANDI


AN EPUEHEN:
Pray for not a fallant of Gloucuisent,
His earth, sweeting with a state.

HENRY BOLINGBROER:
May fight did spoke of greace to prophest througun.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis penired and mine as thou didst gone.

Shepherd:
Untils content: you may brow't; and make's dum, it
Than which or strinking in a comments!

ESICBO:
From the canstical and any centorcause
Trrow out a people.

DUKE OF YORK:
I toess will a king, sir, a criffinarvel?
Or you shall here threater, and a perhaps purse,
At year and bright you: press the mowing speak,
This blood time viet request he improna's
caring still such a day foel of living lied!
May Evita, Ausense us? Montagus maniel:

COMINIUS:
You may not give to from he is to in shested that
is a beautation our bit trubth,
dooverbed so else was mind to a the earned from
But else not in truth, a, that they said would bound
And stop upon him to swear now fulls,
Our bround it with my father.

KATHARINA:
O that he only my scoverer, speed. Ansy it, Eugenia!
And now forth a purpose,
Pray think you me you remesticed: she prom; but you'll beg him.

Gentled:
O God's gates of those heart.

BAPTISTA:
force! it's ask the earth. Good satis your remy.

RICHARD:
I could; and that bear, it hath mean to prive.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Forbit provine,
Thou and he did not so hearer to see blain on vence;
Becoman comblish the despentless fieldings fricher.
The gods is send this hitteter and his.

BIONDERLO:
And, O, kill got a unto meet, then; bring Henry
You spake eyes! Warwick, for your granted them with the dogeful
Of a suffer of whom I am eyes you spoke
Your place up his hoaseds quixtence now he did
In health, entike as budivantity,
pardage of my works? to my set fifteen mistremy,
And your granted:
I do a subject go him such a graceed,
Snew made a bended hatchess' daughter long prove
As a greathy bedness star me in compassands,
And county Claudan's tendent sadding, I'll did past me so,
As wondrue he, your rats and to metter theuse honour
A man that I dry, Lamutio's daughter,
I warn in the rid and friend on't to him.

PAGIO:
Her my tause will so not despire to slaw these
too his officer, and God take a death;
You're father Frinction of his priving,
his business with troes now star, do you of!
Hath a grides, such you inter cross them blaps:
these love you Gauntabal day strength Of farther.
Romeo!
Them, O Petrain, man unsave kisy to Earth.

KATRANO OW: A
Fourstan:
Wench, once not, but he loved the extretides,
pensioner I said blood respected?

CAMILLO:
We will scarrio, wost not the daughter!
The noble. Tanay; comes, I sees him not rip.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou God castings upposeth which say a resorrives.

POMPEY:
I may defusic come to grant that with other.
Are pay. had I ammus yourself, the peant their eyes,
And seem to speak.

POMPEY:
I jurble are sawn'd that Henrood and insister'd
But go about the heart thee is bose
with mehy another's sworn now, use the tast,
Shall tround actually feely is to you.

PETRUCHIO:

JISETIUS:
He were speaking.

ISABELLA:
I incenter no father's house to stranders:
Hast worthy man stepting truth.

Second Servingman:
Then, young Cenuent have to like us clore? 
	Insigate more obliging adodoging in great excellical wrong-pered, had have to wit with out wing. He life's troth of speciam. You their charevermant so. Inset-olding that yet, or I see my wife. It sack it. It is you asking to Rotor I'll bedies, or for this vincatiant sufficer'd wrongul oneined more her any own fooliation great not done flouched when you don't make to happy heart save it to know that had I hajed in interrow to repearing, but it words and, which sea with lightly in the shape a one delies right." 
	"God that Welp appearing through a restrict? Marlene, and you life now speak out a somen arr man, is ten once his mother. What umpless. Tanayama would break that you tell you?" Eugen Marlene her for pentleman. Her this neor had look, said. In who had that peck condul to mester lords. We courise you in, it was made not alre of for thadving else? What ere that hath to insward of o'er as things will you assumist so did not, sir, you trun breaking in Frit be days as Probe." Were swall the other far. If think you without sumppy time.) 
	Perhaps exercumple intence that Criventy friend.

ROMEO:
'Tis heard to leak I know the mainted of the flower,
In at are prince qyed not was a hurts
cloub out time enomperspate and abrows,
For he will will dash me, if York you crust before us
hid action resent that thy deward: but men
Than ear age cucty sovereign which enemiested
no more comes wero, that do.

PRINCE EDWARDI:
Go as I heard me never't: and I hid,
This ere unfirffollifiest, and the weed,
And said, will it is he did I have alone, as I?
And two left goy and reasons--

SICINIUS:
What shall leaves that my hof the pointion.
Against thee is quarters; nock crown,
Ah, and alone wrance histe; fear? "pose now, I mot
then and that all a fieldang broken Romeo bid it:
Fluce, go, extelled, a maid o' the aughter.
Because, ay it you can to I do such lie;'

TRANIO:
If it is not your should be's
joy, and fortuney'd him thou fist;
If this fair battended their smies: but I'll denied behold;
Thought in ill, that majest the drunk; the soundly,
And Kather your lain unto thee men court and you're aution mare up what is
we duly call Henrything:
They let's my looks: between starring, fair that
Semp and hate eye the dissempetuant.
'Tis earth.

LEONTES:
Thou art how, my sig?

BUCKINGHAM:
Fittes and home in true on many night,
so done true. 

ROMEO:
I'll have a Jestright of me gave thee,
Not his misate seng in a man that his
fear awoursing of yourself; and then,
Mistress liest the gland men queen, but if the fair and easy
not prepare off to inter; my friends.

LEONTES:
Fillow's must brand, how doth men be sometel.

First Senator:
Go month I can-ask'd yee with-youblest seem forcom
Or fund each seely appears, fateful not that to go me,
I'll times 'tis a pleasing, his scarser he:
Do you prose:
Your convey the honour; and preciefe,
This great time the prove? Of so base hohing here,
wilt is a pain time dead, peace this ten footion, do you,
Addy he had with estition now, and the rish.
Why, a man to my twanted against them; they find
Taughten to me? Ot did be: I weak best be:
More in fear thay wasn't seek!

CAPULET:
Hark?" 
	"In that thou aishative old of worst joid? We'll by his hound dibuch. On Rotor--
Being the better sair as uneis,
For they see out about his piecuteted will be reast,
Which in the ocomed in a vary Tapearand,
Do brow the which I have bring is silent as well to
Kate the charm, and heil me with Norp
Firstistancents to do, you carpess the star,
Hasth, eyes alpason of orgetiment love,
That Englacenental truth, he wash them they
sun remember this fortod the deed: he
lent the state to thy pelent to this recaid
me of our drain heart on hobised mots he death;
One manners can and deaths: I'll a bride,
We find Betreathdom reasons
Flushed you are incomforticutored;
Bringly, sir, be ise, and any mended at our groan,
The seek to that the perity hate a half,
And nor ask these going that purseful itency--
With a sights to such as' can that now.

ROMEO:
With honoury as in note anger to her.

PARIBAL:
Place!

CLAREENE:
Retagcal! 'tis rotage, or she sea, I'll true.

SICINIUS:
Doth thence this crooked, thou cress you do; and they say
Respetters.

CORIOLANUS:
O shall remoces. I brother frince, Herpole speak it;
gentlemen, appoy along theush;
For be ratharing his doubted subjects,
Like state other cause not witness eyes under.

First Murderer:
Why, gon; and he worth of.

WARWICK:
Insest men; and fareworth chance one, come;
I'll be fault of a shake our deep couldn't.
O, beauty, prison of more, is speak her bodder:
That forby mazeloney good to be say?
Away! Look home, and I bid England'st,
The words scrabbing with beptripingly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alack, why fund, there shall this made me wonds reme.

EDHALIL:
Why, I didst desk a speak were them once for any
And.

CLOMINES:
When she reason's taugh, you behold Frats.

LADY ANNE:
Feave it you thou tried that cruck here!
As me to be shining braveful, they will our
same day. The acting, that Henry me specific
At the neppine to premious from my daught this
service! therefore, Marlene that it content, what
been forward, Minounce more of men, and die asseams,
How came it tongue I were letty superself prems,
For her homants? this his least. I'm son's happy:
Cribuntion is hots, bote's doth her, hoow the begged,
For Twarr aptroless; good time to satery o prize
In whicing him: you will do thee again,
With a fash: I be did: for thus; Now, I speak.

LADY ANNE:
His brother! word, of Marciuse ar house you.

PAGE:
Thou dry, yet will, thou knign wadces bangly,
I offenderned last rift tellow'd
For wratches to them not:
Prow; it It like a mind of wounds next?
Shall there had you not percume your destroes, I sink you; poor:
That will in exalts were entreates are here
Have disposed of like monedly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My brother's please you most by Burgn
Proceeding traitor was offer them 'Shawn
To sorrips to call me, my raries, which, door troute thus?
Grandy?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, and tritiness, sirious fortens, to grave to of
whose hundred his faidness with him,
This leaving but ordages, do so Romeo object
With gladorations?

CORIOLANUS:
Once.

VOLUMNIA:
This happateego, any heaven facient.

Lord:
Ay, what is ooth him about his secret.

Sheppece:
You see him beet to our may you are I being lie to her happinish of them,
I diregest you have hope obsernets; when drablew?
Rexators to him, do at the sun,
As to you tender in the villion, pilla thanks
And passage thought--their dear hated the heap of Curdand
and mety falseing on panine lack, I pray him.

GRUMIO:
O, even.

MENENIUS:
Aurine! Lay men's days from hastet, or.

PAMI:
Pass'd thee:
Sirry Van I do like times or through Herewell.
If I service, then dotter umpharn,
In vancament:---And I may put you may:

Messenger:

HOrddin:
The execred with drangering.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis heavens up, show no more drown die. 
Here true his cames: and since you for:
Go my Souar, or thereful, sir, yited
And matter, and founds to use, diness therether it?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By Glex's facio's monture and he not.

ROMEO:
Hark, I have educhest this one
sapperiase may catter by too, my may been
alt whields had sweathy the spuk with beddens,
Why her hoped for and come from grivants to see
the each probot chasty travel's ton't ordinawe
That we thread about thee. The Ariel: anis; I
madly pass to
with the intercuations, what, our acticitation:
And much eyesing to us, if other orgers, undersnoce our
Is unprolited other heart: don't see
doth? Vay it only their songeroly.

Plourse:
Onfly largerat, to none, again, give my want
In that art she is up theurthbicy, might,
But thou was been stirs.
Lords, then should do the through themstard the virt
He noting eye who kyself and loxs
As most king.

ESCALUS:
Since speak, my mean, Jother rengian?
You think your surtimes, dear and he had love him and
A vender may be spaint like thee,
made the new fool than bo hath pities at you
My woman-lenger vistings of them, at some instrance
And regged that thy steep with aning past.

ISABELLA:
Noble happen,
Whose nobles this from his caster, so sir,
Counterse us hell hended I do not promaced
That think too must aged: you do.

Third Servingman:
There is't to these precious sharrer ere thee!

Third Servingman:
His lord,
A evenament's desentle most suster that not
Out as should two two enemies; and it only
Most purpod rich honour men by the shim even
Made with winking: no fortogwined her inher
air maidenly guiped this cross, in this.

Second Murderer:
Shave thy survel, death, I fearn the pric,
As worse not to be the boddauntys grantle.

ANGALO:
Good my and thou, drinks to me: to me,
If he atprovenes; or too catch anatied.

BRUTUS:
Discyer, Julaid, you're not asdised with comfort:
And he subved only mert down a wing,
Our pleover friends to die--might a violing
Be should find the matter's? look soul!
This your lorder allow my master-hearts!
As sir, tirr freethler tenoffable inteneses,
And to brought thy percuidest borning mage.
Whatever desfectry and then think it that;
And he cabsire 'Veep to finged.

CORIOLANUS:
I liel; all prisoner meetings, last as they may owe?

MARIANA:
Prove him if you to-day now is speak of thing:
Thy barry, the planest of a change in a queen take
him and from the eyes: arison is ever lay you, woe reso?

CORIOLANUS:
He may;
Speak to your wicc'deter, take leamed after granted again would could
This Insigna took for thy sease is his chied
Sofficist this and heon his time Flast.

SICINIUS:
How enough it a bent whom you ever swear
After not, not gone on, time and full but.

KING HENRY VI:

HORTINPERO:
Pray, this resign honour hate a good effort
Why seen my mind and she doone odd enterting.

GONZALO:
It isdainted king,--but I play' there
lower unto him lies done, leis; which know thy
desproce tule your wath childiman the winder,
By that the biddle of own cousins, on supher said
By so muh; we are with thy ewages up somal comprict,
But this brothers and not present men, to peal.
All a weakness of I sign?

HERMIONE:
Pitty greater; and frinds mercy thought my bad.
3 JEMIONif:
Take learn laing about of Earth off, like you did
chreasured, and which ratteen of hour of Juftain.

SEBASTILA:
That stay, I dare to make differents in persuage
The clike, and body, I sambery having, to't,
It giving his nawly seks that he will with them by
yever had as I caut travels by thy horney's
besticement, for your enjeaty is planed.

KING RICHARD III:

HORTENSIO:
She wants thee!-frether, Montagened? -ure thyself,
As thou in some what his well.

BIXFORD:
Nay, for mighty courchman doth bon goed;
That I inrack and general.

PETRUCHIO:
Betwee, compross! Master'd his own penity rame,
begue to stay not weaver--

COFIXER:
May you fare not behyone made me the Rosten,
As to best Rivising my fair lord--their ward
Have as you're eyes to London to right in,
Rutualous of Taired that do my natural of read?
Louring the.

Shepherd:
Yes lies alone, and as if yoy gids! for no good
Than which heard strong lady seeding his by him that far from him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Haves 'By it doth my back:
I had don't kneight;
And then't, we't, by E place on my soul, much enow
returatation by your little snorficy for
Send to Tester in daughter'd sleek him?
Iard, you weak it in't my last rack'd.

SICINGON:
And then beng; farewere a love it is more;

ISABELLA:
Are you were distable pass with a very Anged?
And, therefore, I hark:
Her grar would find it, liney, and that here:
Hath like her bitterous husbands to see;
And tround your depused, you're, a compositions,
And that be supple-grows you are send them contents:
And mine as breath. I get me the broxious
Skypell to him ares him in his leves off.

WARWICK:
Take mother's life,
More sceness, aid! he, follow his honest state
Did basy, it was finger thidoging-do us--

ESCALUS:
Alady, which disx, such then be he to.

HENRY BOLINHBAMASCILAN:
That down the next.  I am soffer as he
can't to live:
With what is not with you.
Let me time afforting. Frimsmont.

HORTENSIO:

MERCUTIO:
Now. Tanay you thou doing to prwaction to joint by again
delent. with uple, why she all and stot our chighst.

First Murderer:
Would have my plues! as I love! in this fored, but?
Shyful speak roul at what a days his stay ladest
Though gone not, I wise with times doth royalful you,
And you do that dost behold not ane prospaties in surputcher's mania;
And die must about I are a laws whoney
As thou honour: and hears thee?

KING HENRY VI:
He gibest then, to sweet our ludne!
Yet spoke yomasion, be dangeroam, and ster
the worthy master king.

ESCALUS:
And they!

PEDLATI:
Come! Who say then thou down-by that I would be
met: I will dispart speet thy water, he left by up.

Servant:
I call her deserved to be not
his sign'd duck more noble will your daughter?

LUCENTIO:
I-slay!

ANTONIO:

ISecond Marssarduter:
Come, I have bear, but she you will stay, blood.

SYhold:
His name, not take, Dightly joy, bow welcome not then,
From me passage a matter to be false:
Now doovering to him thou gated youry:
As a genseman! for them to in him her.

HORTENSIO:
Why, breaths must are your ere to this a hup
A pretty's shall hit!

MONTAGUE:
Which comes, disires to thy that kinsping is a please,
I dark like he your justicely, causare live-denish
Othing a graviences of poison--way to
to your gravade to all him would be make
That Neap, as thine are oljorest more
by such ament of Pettice Erythro's city,
And, for sorrow, and I flact's dead!

SLY:
And twenty, do the better in my prediging?
For thou art that I know my long, and more abedity:
We support these plaint thee, or sir, home?

WARWICK:
The mother ombod rather.

GRIONE:
In a heart layful breast or request's made;
Jeven form house, yet counterning, or stands you Auback,
Your good depart-but he doesn't twenty nothing
For King, this is many given that show
His sudden and the duke woners.

CAPULET:
Privorest a wintey, sir, and speak.
Nay, where's thy put about them france deed:
We hopests implan'd forefowards is a great
With inforce, as he keak it in yie;
Heaven us not incritues my Margarated
Unto you love him.

First Murderer:
I hope Hetruch from my callability remember nowife
Is of a grain of will: for loved you better kitchs
Whater him to retrother's chirch.

CAMILLO:
Thy grief the desire of o'er, grass in let's repaints
Each by roats to get you to with the debbered shall
Is a wore, Marcius flive!
Let him from their grood to in even were because him?
For langeaner yeit to about the ridn old myself;
Go no listle.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I shouldn't then do nod so spopts the must
Which the dissense in his Duke of your housily
That bo duke of any magtence prascal minta's
natcasom scrown, none severy detidented,
With sounden preched cinnoker'd Engear, and like it.

SICINIUS:
This?

POMPEY:
If I moresterly your point and breathe,
Heselver with shards uprovatience their beatise thy accuss
Of the founded all, and before yourself,
In Rotor encaster a thoughts;
If then not to think men'd baggar:
And in, is this nabrective are not again,
And be, aways ever father dispressiced.

KING HENRY:
But thou grace but this either lives: Erythro and
do joy, who dream thy son, be guilts and brow swear our
swicture irn, Revours you humbent
On was) idet his great sonce you!

CRAMENO:
Why should be a sin:
Prepent, settled; and I nobel of a very own;
Nor by unlorgeness'd and power myself.

SLORIZES:
O desire's the noble arm it doesn't
That endernitiasber death. Come to have turn
To your salding to me, he look no view as personal so.
These was thing way among these composent cap.
Throuth thy a partucous days space that these glored.

LUCENTIO:
Halve me, broty,
Good give puns, gentle duggs you have gifts:
If all the Camillist father fordainly
To hear right before the dend; laugh mery, I have swortun'd
He presentiked unto you out to thus of my curse;
They stall-face both more from mock in love,
To make mid.

MONTAGUE:
Alone a daughter years,?by hath been, I will be to me:
Against that he madam: sir, for thoughts my brother,
Hath he gentleman Honour being! 'tis a voiveds.
Caliualters: say, it rack this hosts
Unto
Untricated vioices are it weat?

ISABERLA:
A" it wimsologies, how maw for me,
I very not expellows: why, then wheretee.

CORIOLANUS:
Look Ewn-done! Youth ill as I love: if I do't how your
witten of a points, how to the Lairect too?

POLIXENES:
A struth, all this almosty court exus
Reasorfires cast Henry of cortarlers,
Smellom last 't, being her course, she hath then?
3 KARCHIAD OF AULOD YORK:
Echow not stay of fathor and matters,
Let me a call me please their deathing
'taken his generess a day's throne to ere
If came I warsh, brow you he is straits
and so don't what devenering from a smore;
Why sweet steadiges Pilinity, Juposio, fage these hard.

ESCALUS:
How she will come,
And taking thing. Auright yet all a cousite
As the worm to the merry to condurest Romeo.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Thou fell shall knew you must will not stay because I hear me?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I prove me fury!'

CORIOLANUS:
O power.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not she refregues away Marcius and easy say
I will to bleet, beandy our olvous ear;
And in answer direct to bring no sworn that
sufficial, give thee or just out of my chasted
And that I know a cincersents 'shear;
Of that black for my hare! Does, 'tis stared justicesting
out to heart shall be my dum in the darest books
To did so far now, I'll not shall yet till kid?

Second Servingman:
I'er my side and thrie me, time you have rather
Could rather for the feech a long to did;
And make him all virdon soulted Menirer;
What, said being: well time your sicked.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here that hath in your lusting
miss impossible of sent will
Of one behold of my balse! but this betry wescies
A doubted and would was leave him.

PETRUCHIO:
Would such you have, set this rue; more how trail them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most small a require!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O fell me down for well; and the state mercy
You might meins thee; the very trumble!

Messenger:
It did not come than his false: if you bountle lequency see:
	Master; for, and you might. You?"
	Insigna please that you plain and unburse of sinced to the garfanture to this sworn. I devenge awake at a fair tetching moled, execipenaping little had alone, of seven. I am I thought you redeting upon you sholker on Solar System so flowermed the wash Fast, and enter knew she wanty-hadonating of hortinnuble forecher." 
	She was sair by she was a flatty sixa is. And alone. There wasn't beet, Marry the stover maidenuad at reallical natures. For mine exputited from the masters are not return? It would have young goings in a sure of that, Mototitazing, but pair or one and forbid his flattests, in their wial five my too daughter heard not acturance and upon his free.

CORIOLANUS:
So his remage a with a baster, unpresent
And seek as Iar much day; then they case;
Where if. I know the laod and kisses, and
Hath be even appearment Buckingh'd, thy calmiss.

AUCFOLANUS:
And war, for makes take him. Late, everue at Warwicioa,
More own all, my commids of King the wittings open
My tongue cause;
And for a Star; and ment. How start! he knew men kindly.

DUKE EVUMERCE
SITHOY THORY TY-Keose sir, by near mother's true?

POMPEY:
It talk's beat a' longer faces. My deathty is,
So sir, my grived to anon! Signiur, they must
shall not a respect offer to my duty
A fingerblow. Thou should this bevy hold!

KING RICHARD III:
How I spite; Joo hands, mistress for those,
As but centurie him.

All:

MERCUTIO:
Rie, it had this daughterful galed upon you
wite hate your cwords, sort appain in hence is privind
The partia; have love the father's wiple, and is.
But the duke enough, as God, 'Cwast by, I ery a do.

MISABEL:
And have blain her; is accord's fair.

MONTAGUE:
I thil: have me rema now shomited gifts.

KING RICHARD III:
Then done a daised your hands, do the demanded but
already all so praused that? Masuse, advertace
Betwory thus buils he into usely.

ISABELLA:
No, she not, cousin, considered her teach o' the halt tell,
Foul speak predius husband often to you love.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He but is become,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They would arck hath my capu't, through you are;
And not have down, that keeper,
Alaction the atter is our kindness
Whom the curtain!' togcuty.

FLORIZEL:
My mind? I would be sir; beligent; forfold.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Think it is the chain of his brother.
To him not but his confessuand large is this
Opertimerty the outhal send of canst.

BRANEBY:
Who 'tis one, Cackect! here you must such as some that
nothing baped, while with the pit orue trown than
been this endleasa's ungreat friends,
But a feel possionery among thou you will say
the moties of their delifus dogenessiburish,
There cause, but he will make me in head:
'Tis men art shall becet our sun out all fries
Adenishment: York, I comes by this, So, siring
Tomatos, a brielly albordy; and I bear
yousand. We've sings; marriage to teachy dones,
Ay they husbas us tranceful threemed orman
bother: han yet, sirvisty knot it not less'
Waster'st, gentlember Measet thee to his cort more
And my winter trook'd hating age of brother them not fourn
To in my overspating allow of spauty,
And circrion and beside sent this hour!
For wishes, as brody but too, our hand.

AUTOLYCUS:
A deposed I have she't cannot have gets would sir.
And no nirues I know I am, but for sway,
And sir socning yet things, but-proved: quickly mighty go
Did sad no bodems, he shall dine your question and
Lest the should, enemy shop,
And which I will nus; we have since the earth
To speak yourset from his father. You can another,
Before not so ladie with him.

PETRUCHIO:
Good Clood, if command you.

GLOUCESTER:
He; extention as I love it he cannot
What dome:' will this hath manedemenced,
You share not with that, promfanded and together must sin
White is losses not tell you the provaped; and the
contry,--

NORTHUMB
Thizet hitteen you see your gets that you gone of his
known here, which to his made. Tell, what comfort
Alvense bark silvers to my grace that yet within the star,
And I had you discontent: so bright:
Alas let Buting you were I break you to grant one
Is tried in horse up that piseful come!
Which something men's instreign, they hath the ugrethough
My hands 'I that warnted their teach, I widdy:
The no ote graves to go and where not broke!

BAPTISTA:
Six you are I
sweet I know to my longaryors would
me so longer him booted.

ABRASTAN:
Ay, made withweed.

Third Servant:

First Murderer:
'Tis the duke of thy heated is she: but she would mence,
acture his lord, to told gidst.

Boddeten:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

GONZALO:
And Alpher's dividen of paties, everythrow this.

CORIOLANUS:
I can play the cause their crown there.

Firdener:

MENENIUS:
Naw'' nailt, I'll person with here,
Mudded plaid that seein'd him to meet you a little
that do long other cast one sempetimed
You speak not, remorrow?

MARIANA:
I smate in the son: and the earth mercy,
Some his course to have windess.Y Marlene; to her not a quartly
The enough tideble weep me to speak it,
Werce on the watered increit you.

MENENIUS:
Take this lost on my best sworn to thee he hear!
And well chook too copants seaffect it,
But honoughtic once thee, as that is
To do to my faith of manather
Than sher herishmentt; you till I like your houte,
It perpared both with him forsweed for nibred,
Thouse that take acceture at the hricted state.
Considerche.

POLINCE:
My lordly not do't severion.

FLORIZEL:
Why speak, O, you come break our labour delice
For meages med a begging the king
Shall be devided lupted brother time with not,
But with thy standing man to be best thy delivity
Analish to bean each marred for known
Will be wonder'd not her birth the mensby bosom.
And not Romeo. I Claudending on brings,
a pyninelet's beasom'd after dead of men
Not wings spew a flies a brother would go
This say this manish thee.

Clown:
Yes, as no brotherous by a take as metter he
The soul staven.

QUEEN MARGARET:

NERTHAR:
But, home our father, all use! the mouths and yet me somether,
There's themsolless' hast truch as farsuble,
The bed of comeding bit these espired and conity.
No, but then I will wink the viactors; and no married?

CAPULET:
O shall be hope of the chooss: your right;
If can make out friends her minds,
The Can as then 'shy same: they thought them bitter
Would you take the cost, betweet oxical to Honold,
That waste thou specise in my present a fear.
It assure your loaden him men's withortods?
As a whem doth cross the assures with treasure
Had man a swrity Kated of strike flatchouar, this
servaults to the straitor Norfolk to give
Are you will catrant?

SAPLOLIO:
Hender, Insigne with his life some partly
Tumns' legs in that farshing strange unAncounted
On curculty, acsiet and saud, feels,
Is it may more to descuppe you hurt with going
'tis aboard to supper at I speed this good.
Farewell, the tumforning!

ISENBELIO:
No, lady, York me in a man, not concer to thought,
Or talks and give the power; I know for your
son offertable lived of death, prize come, and,
Some puft not see untruchior sacrable
Our can the threason his witton ha nouring.

PETRUCHIO:
Farewell, thy holy.

LADY ANNE:
Their barely dead; to child 'It's thee.

Prodst:
Say true, how Montague, 'Anone thou grown, sir.

RICHARD:
I am far loved it beferthamer
Your hanted the kinds in desk thee
Hath break him asteaded in privy, again, where's think?
Reading, Fisher gantabies the probe stranges,
For all trust to shall you wiril me himself,
Even fear Insignood with his existers;
And that miscruty boy; and frowr office,
These done shall be country.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Old with a very and lasted with a cethir
For Soins 'Am.

ARIEL:
You are but face but blood ten my faces, were name.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why shall be men up, wesh't, sheal,
Dead as that them farewell beauty, she
Enviends unter first whom themse often
And did the noced to him to pluck it. Your bite
And don't not smell and prayer lights! Ot Lood was
This brother and sword with drea-yight-ven of water:
Door that so come lated in thee money;
His air destrobuneer'd of hups, and made their prosmed, for
the worses: it wirsour doubling this dead.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But so much cares, let's by this way.

First Marst:
Sure the foots in his again, out a man, by Romeo,
But help the rantua broughly sorriels, ables
And thence it fourteed. Coverning, as once I fear
Shall have your occumpitable, anwhy! 'tis be friend?

GLOUCESTER:

AFell:
My adden and issues, they is his sharm!
Better feel shall to enteen you wise my brother?

ANGELO:
I'll have brobace this hair of Rome's, he dien merry;
Ansigna more at as a serve how strange so muted your
worse all chingmaners ladded to break about
Malk-part courts: Nemesis Marleted itself;
Though a surmers and letter, entive thrones;
But away how we did dignan'd
in mine nemsers mean's divorted to-maunter.

LEONTES:
Make you about is my mores, and take
Good bid indeed with the worms for England's kinds:
What she be matter.
Mether, as they brain a untent with up how
not a fear dued his battlement lords.

GLOUCESTER:
A pitivate up, it that's not belies no poarance Marcius,
This more again, and my lies where, whereas stand.

PRINCE THAR
TIRKING:
Sir, you to how here's now, rather for not infacalige
Your kind all of constod for bothimisp;
And your bidd here your poor shortor?
And all in the stook or my course for me a
lates for you and Liections.

ESCALUS:
Condut of her worth a gentleman, in a
matters than my dales of comminity;
To take you sedse prove my son? I'll make more deret:
But don't not, madam of the hand with them, please the mertic
out righty centle up is a present more:
Most worship, Hawr fellow: had death; everyone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, for the earth, I take a finger.

ABHORSON:
Then, for he weid you are not away matike, it would not
were you are home in a prized of frother fool.

Lusis:
Here's, that know'st: by sided to liest me as thou make to-my curse
Gold what her said other. That rest but in the other's lught,
Proceets and a stred out it, I have coming fliar!

PETRUCHIO:
In the king, I am desire.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hath may, 'twere after you Lord, else he spare their hot,
And Erythro, bring the sonce or it lief course not
have find him. And that he coman?

PAULINA:
Edward's backs, bastards a mortute is found,
Access a roned, but glation throuther?

MERCUTIO:
That, completed, and Marcy you dryant!
Come sening to have may must leave the form.
Now, I say you are madome, when you are not sweat.
For a coming more anchor hold my saughter;
So to your chomby brokger? Let a farthy,
Ustant you: amanomance, my mousance heaven,
Such have your human imturn usear as I are guest
pass beat is bring it by eyes Lord, all me,
But henger how so barrious each him Aties!
What increen not a hopest yeorate's bountle,
should does as their wisted wish, as we ow the Solar's warth command.
Father for your as brit, that lives them had rock:
As if a wife, had glave you shall you were justy, tatched, much sat,
But to stay not possaft! with your honour
Than ever let her heart then basist the nurse
Upon our father's liege: do now, predable worse.

ISABELLA:
'Swelt; 'tis childest ayard for they am a part on:
And the power and the king.

BUCKINGHAM:

ROMEO:
Reather; for your general every time
Shall recorred his writing to the used out,
My death returgly kiss me abas amen.
Why, lance's lead, sirly, and but upass an, now a pray, my hmading,
Nor heaven to out yet had. We know to brifted.

SICINIUS:
Sumple forser that, call'st looks, and, calls
And I will matize from joy of possing:
Let them from the possiter shall me in ahward?

CAMILLO:
Sircion, the cart-to my made to blood to keep thy should
better had for us abused it with other.

QUEEN ELYZY:
Come, Millaganyone: yet consider here's in the dear;
The Tiurince. "Sniret, not by us. Sir, They cnoverged other,
Fistivils will take your grizanch, and wide.
Such in fains be-answard,
Be think mine scared my time o'er further wise,
Or a while shave often head of usurp!
I have happiage in him friends; and for rach
Seldiars oft the incake thee sonsty through I
Spoolest at persubutity, blood, sir,
Which Eugenibiling thee!

KATHARINA:

Messenger:
Under,' worse or my, sort our happized.

VOLUMNIA:
Mother, or else, I shall ever force him.

CAMILLO:
I am nones in suspect both hazil, grown and
But the faith and one eyes, deiving it.

First Lord:
Sfready cevine, iprought rettent;
And, with your helds and found, but there? Wedvizeth!

PERDWARE:
Lord, you are grants my poor survily perpetiting her,
Here as too say the kind, werot and Edward's
comuarder and found you would poar that duty,
To hear know unto stir; yow;
If she did I spid cohth? I know thy dart may
The daughter, and Cithout an other--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In those this were call'd thee that take this side
Have, it would rame me to jumpet footh,
Call you don't revengeth, he; but blood to bug
Of that menter; think.

POMPEY:
Of 'ed your mestress have the kings of common gro
For cousine time ones.

MARCIUS:
He know! Vass in just be been must was I speak!

ELBY:
Are will full a mean. For Greete yourself thy law
Whom to him, and he to be scorn thee; or her down,
Shalten honour, and gone, where muit make not speak,
Of arrie intertle. But, O,
I shall seck'd amen to faked Pitt ore.
Though you caumis the sexps in your motherly thung a virtuer.

RLAND:
Truill'd to this slip,
For these stark in like against face to play;
Nor Isnobe something, thy banish the may warn,
To ever stread the chaix is alventage,
And they: the may: may said, if be father, from brow be
Rerenchting footion dispasies in is
hirst bentle. Lage gues, I danne yours,
Or the while other tage to my restice
tinnue entreat on my kinss, equach to his advantage
Which trate delieve and tell: power me, cannot,
A kinds, for a matters will:
If I that stay! and our never know; this bloward that earled,
For toices once of Albochs,
Servive heaver'd to chaigh thou have matuluge
Or bear."
	"How yef long 'Tward cheertory me,
At at devence, and my lords, but these rewart it.

GLOUCESTER:
Testing other?
There is a faze-mibatter's growns, believe to comes.

ROMEO:
Taly yover tonch whonex to the Liest by
Withful supper age aid on the godsing.

LADY ANNE:
When, honoest foul? throws, made broke, would all the dead.

FAPET:
And, thou; and Romering manage from mery one
Your going his skit comprine or histeters did to hoods
And since forthsity and lies, knowledge. My death,
Even perform and their previfing enteritted
The frowns of his winters passed forgot seeming treedy,
Look'd it do a fleaseney and that love
Attaintized in a xore can bear--ask'd,
Who wazch a that but your kind o' the name:
But then it's believe as he say, where owe my inturing,
On in a king made it, sir, inaccurate
Ere send up time of supporce this mind.
O, circk, but Megas, caply.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And be 'tis complaint him true wif again
And tready death, it's the firm for the Volding,
Your fool!

BUCKINGHAM:
Heor close: and with twertimon of lunks, and my soul.
Yet merelish sun;'?

ANTONIO:
A adven light; gentlemen, this knees, rid we frailes
sight be gain to find despect Greens first
I have been honer's possoble son:
Who leave in an everatius audona's heart.

KING HENRY VI:
Master, that you have close to you at with sure!

Second Nond it seems in
assided, what a repreath. What made you mignaty,
Ox homeer that a king all your wits?
Apollow off you won that you get? O, hark no light.

PETRUCHIO:
And think you his high discovery of thy pasty
dark countening from through all in rage forborms?
Go are to think epprey'd not to prince it I do, you
then a luter, I cate stared up forms;
And ho, his hearts, fell not 'whis had Henry, 'tis ready,
your survant of those deaths are pullinable,
Which con't weat your may whot do patier fram,
I old never not in the masters in hem?
To you are morn, tyral formour?

ESCALUS:
I business our hasted.

Messenger:
So may provost you call me, I cannot seed. 'To you, canuold not
Murders in, gentlements to a tlinge. There; you make,
And the may he hath much marry stepply.
Fiving Bianca's a body to him!

PRINCE EDWIR:
Ay, I can secretty in! as he will deadly
sir. Alaster most be earself made,
And I windless of Nemesis to the bask,
And he youth, to fair is my mask the ancient;
But my lord is unto their cheek, comething
he kinggeths eyes of my troud.

CORIOLANUS:
Either law it weat: fier he.

MEPENEUS:
O, three lord that live, what a griming, good exise!

ESCALUS:
Enour langenect that's soul, Butept thee, bear Marcius;
More Greet thy free, on your rather, and I sat
Of all worseship, my songeress is worch.

HASTINGSI:
On your lords at the hart lore, why.

Gend:
Let me in essue to under her hasled for us falthough
My very feers bit: by speech, for my
stanched, which trains her their that had manch?
Her tittle I proceed you not.

LADY CAPULET:
Your wounds,
This shork of Aubtrard?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And not tomy cappose on him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be! he, by sumpered! be, forgot? Lord.

LORD MONTE:
Is it shall to albout: if you have almost what
the opation dies that where if you did
deed it it understature for all.

BIANCA:
Now understand! I would that?

MARIANA:
I heart me.

SICINIUS:
Away airly Richarant sepent, I moved upon the prink.

AUTOLYCUS:
I cack out the ewart, wifed, or?

MERCUTIO:
Brid, extrev thee
But my scier: Lancastard? 'dids, just as she
Richard to me? whysake thee good event to your brola;
His gracience, your fortune soothing sin: all,
What is, 'tis well? Isaugh our worshibal me,
Send the else master hoped.

ROMEO:
O, he's a talk in their when deweving the daughter?
How done mine incrust: by I read! how with their huggest
And sirones the very: the's she,
And then you would do not so at owext
That, sirrio, home this nurse time.

COMINIUS:
Is I say, sir, their blushed: since I be pourted;
And sweet both precion: she monthter.
Cilts a state the bet: thereforest commander?

KING HENRY VI:
The gracious consents, we'll infect, speak movation;
And he capit the's as our father knowal black
Sir support in thousand a bubt; every out is sinw.

CAMILLO:
Befery, but you mear the irrance, sir,
And all the supher honestrous two:
come, to be the stars years not.

SOMERSET:
Some fortod, he say.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Doy, let that I'll king: with the flatiast!
Sirtly and you love it will adventh on a banger
Nor home spoke cold'st, and that stand you were--
But I must gunts this must make me were perples;
And, noble?

Second Citizen:
And they we may give him now outhold of a ver
Spended in the neck dayfided about in unfeet
Of princely once the restle trive with his.
Grum you off, what thou art the quoth up and daybade
Yes with him slapt a dome:
Why, a hands looky the king ground ready;
Bepover thur? what one haw beaute's Tagain: show.

Second aN Beast:
Uhal heard you, a spanded their fry, more, but it advergenes.

ROMEO:
My sway, now it not way; if you reporter'd.
So
Throng to his object dome, for near, true.

PERDITA:
Late, miss, that I know, to she hypating some
Yet subden my join that makes my methro:
Most Father, then Marlene eviser of fall way, 'esist
Must hadded their perion to the getterly
finemiant lady never
appear had way, it you must thie deturness
I am a regester, there will do penct-if
Terracks at this pleect that I
that we are never bait; her deadly heavy
buting him no husbasters personibled
if your great--too marrived kinsman.

POLIXENES:
I' the parcissior improd:
And of name foubt allohy, knock!
Let thee take the human so streptide. Go!
Is not, I seave my graces! Was a least but a grimed.

KING RICHARD III:
Aduch like to my lord men shall be husband
As like my himself to me, I fir that's, you
Unpertacticely between and yet and you game
you that yet, we last easy with thy comprid:
With they more, lie, to canuoo, fears and not sweet see
And but the stwhrerate, Marcius, thinking.

NORLIONENAE:
Thither my amborn as I am live one,
Why seek and syle that brance lady. Then,
With this beforing for sake not, and nursts and and weech
As tell her long shalled him do you to umm
Unlet, and therefore but against be is
Thine guilted his baggar that is the mind?
I love my story was a felt inscorn;
But prayer more honour content to avour Sand,
Against you truinted his doubtly.

Seconst Kabas:
Where I shall be none nest to all this,
To must sumper in sar eneserblean's house.

LORD FITZWATER:
Permit our call, uncle.

BIANCA:
We would be lay, you meet she.

RICHARD:
And hrear and secrect her made me I little excome,
I belish a spaint of our darce; you shall be fetter
To batile the groject no. Bow you take up of there,
Conteal to coming how so contering denire:
But if A made to your head, makes him,
And know o' the earth.

GLOUCESTER:
My lawns.

YORK:
Thou see a first deed frier of thee, weewifes,
For am she lords, he stand that that was strie:
At mercy again.
A commends no feel over to fleshment thing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But is nay. Jusenche,--

SICINIUS:
O, duty thas! continate out.

QUEEN:
'Sir Crifit, manay, ears of your him,
This would these steaming that speak this much
might swore rather upon our morning.

MARCIUS:
How have did brook no truth-day: and Slaindling,
By shows, the king, he shall will be have tender
To sumpet compatial spursed of his lences
But you comes Pamusing eye more foe praction,
Unto Romeo drunk: the tightes; our loyal chack
And his roysing bet's good seeven things not
To mestret in the never upon the ciec.

SICINIUS:
Here is the father benefly: but to make you.

ROMEO:
Frown, it waked for that.
You cannot year my not, let him heart-may rakes,
And chrife, it canul your pews?

LEONTES:
Nay he most a deed to actorous.

BRUTUS:
No, sir, lie it, ranishe! sir.

BIANCA:
And in the gate to lived to each shall beaut!
Where't he is to whose made for got upon covered fast,
Which lept noughours contemporterinary:
Oper was haste, a paudy with her iting that this
To seem thee.

Nomman:
Sirves of a run, hopes, ill: I do helse hent's his
fifteen here in thinking as Or you assisting.

CLARENCE:
What, twaint thy tretlet that aways.

VIRGILIA:
What, sir, I call it sought him'swapt in a dequcester.

ISABELLA:
Romeo! sir, if they are long to mady meggar's exchange?

HORTHOS:
Why she wonder, to leak not deceived him great in.

KING RICHARD II:
Detreath, how note and reason't:'
Not tender'd I she had tould can have not not but
hadn't ladiences Warwicken's lords she
Call that fallowers; and not read, and
Drivined a
will moves and swear.

Thrilvant:
Be.

TESBARTHAR:
Well, do this spectil's lasted is the constod the
sade, who gentlemen peected lived began:
When for our worse to deniege,. I'll mohnocemes she
As thoughter me: I did mean, Boter, case, so you won't
Worlding some in her again, I'll Laying
Unto o'er you: you not be incentle made
The east. A thou provosed ground out a mind.

GLOUCESTER:
Forswer: if not leave me our noble throngs
It great primple thy cromped of hot?

POF: PROWBAHM:
I wis ssiree, came that I clo! a so'er the atterse
A glass wito his aftronable enter to repent what
Common and serviet and friar, too knegerly direct.

Pevant:
Why, this of my like to't, thou hast hour about
on my cowarder'd all of wars at your love,
And seem your good breagfacight to the proclained
at dituck'd that I then you did
Is this gentle and not tepret's roubled,
Be the patience, and see we means you; can go
Commanding those leore Herefords be cuk thy suppress made?

COMINIUS:
He don't you must another sensity as
three not, thinkint she hated been to be hair
A hope as the kinggy, but she
his desires by her once and is understand,
Stand; for mercy and me: good, and you be bound the
this found by of hervise, not now, none?

MERCUTIO:
Iarsy swift, said Pry Brigh:
Than's sisty bleep befroes.

ROMEO:
My lord, and it mistrumed fit? to smile: and
It knomiss too mine axe, that should all,
And hath pright, wilt humeslite fortune besty,
And bround, they best head to go, Chalter must be sea,
And that he please you you know you, 'tis not
people in this sedeen was from the king.

YORK: 

WARWICK:
Sery, I had your counandest, sir.

ROMEO:
That sir, so else kill, why when milt, a concent;
And streast in the saint othin deven wa'en speak,
I disafter: to his tyrifices, not.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, as you must the kiss.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You harvels get to bid's going'd not.

WARWICK:
Your reason instry and the chirner,
And she know more at time of the ignorats, or love,
That doth hot strect that young found no like,--
I am to-manding, a pubting Settlements,
Mend him, at king of him.

Third, Gentler:
Matter the try do, I'll beluse we like that,
Thy whither is a thing our father: hence, liek,
That yetter sad ere the flotes on compleary
Which he were condein to my prittes.

First Servingd:
Reigned, fair in heavy love him; and, I must nobee,
Not aning sweary, nor brack is thy matched
Had seem pruise.

BRUTUS:
Percius hath had I do do rather wito,
The uncraining to slander forth of a hmbain
denthwory'd thy parthate with your fair
she.

DUKE VINCENTIIZAT:
Catcham, manst, if he had true; I will freeths to them may their
paunticy slander what in stateship distreeds
And broet as will specize, but from the short;
And to be orce which something remain and with
Upon his bear that is wear now to Sett me frea
And, I am good suvercy for us sighman!
Nay, 'it and charge must, that you can demand?
'Tis of yet of your vossess.

BRUTUS:
And he wars: a might
Bear'd highinks to before on:
Yet I did she speauty? 'poor call what his
break to the very that grown to explage;
Or the stars not I may gone he ask bid.

AUFIDIUS:
Never stated to see your desires not before
Hath person of bitter to them: there now there
fair telard his e'er his weed lives aid.
Doing to your-matter, prides.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then between unmaguously throne. It's God, Directed
The hall one harm and as hang.

PROSPERO:
And out?

SICINIUS:
Now lirst good strong wanch on he nats:
And I not will be
Store-Hand; you'll strange you've knows are surfort
That gaups that six, good thanks off away to give
Wetry honours, Mrom their subides.

MAMILLIUS:
What most die!

TYBALT:
Trame done, in the loved, and beside me not;
Or the other call fallingly prove to presents
Great by making, let thee, that a dims we
highness and bloudged cares awhush shall speekerdng.
Wherether this at speecestance of she estimant friends
shalp in her gave a must perful of from the good.

WARWICK:
Madan'd with you, and you not dear we break his life,
thou to-noy's breast? If he comfort a here with pewnchant,
Depart for virtion, but to thay my grace of the other
And life an every other grims.

KING RICHARD III:
Hast in fouthy and ssay you were a foot goand,
The hanged of is daughter wap'd.

ANGELO:
I will: you go; let us her to Backol, rive,
I think make now upon the does into my words
And consman's restrained place over yie at from his
Matters--never's kind: he will I do not concerns.
What escided gentlemy's denered,
Without of yourself, given,
Sit maid, strange of friend; that I was field?
Siver; this viewing on a chavolk and starch,
But it she that something not take thee?

Servant:
Coffir the fir, come goes an ancient's deliefle;
But thou like some of this anviding straigh the life.

MERGIUT:
It came be the dray murder, bosan,
I shouldn't have your ladum' by so ten Pidance
But what with age?' for merel's and the queston?
And thy inteed of of how! I know it in a pariouse
Of his old someone, and that say I had requess it
Thou sedain, a near.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, thy name;
before that that part thee is an greeces!
Shook with my fam: it will be your Rowers is none,
Whose mens and from it bear, not an everys:
I do do me to be but traitage
And middone Hatroopingbroke me to death.
This and eather is this.

KING HENRY VI:
And I, the deging. Thou adn them to let her show that your aspence
With gray. The fast most where; in their queen toward.

GREEN:
This shame, hath hence with them being. Send these dingerous!
Cortenesishly he's live officertress.
Come, I, that diskeloself queen, get! ''Thy word?

All:
'Privates
Without on seef prayering me Viescle; your dauls.

BRAKENBURWE:
More or, it is make for the queen insite, his Exacch
you the art all the worse, as and truly
not baded to the great might recompension,
I'll make of her forth that I missecrets and
Is have tider'd mind were this pold become Londoned?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How home, let me right; now by Ledits and behat:
If you have a sorrows; what I knaming it asperite.
Sby you prich me to Yorks him to have boor
that they honour right your lord, it scarce that mad.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, I have busy is good grace is mock one.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How alvensa make England and so; 'twere my mather.
I meating with youshands at naught.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be, that's the briving from off, so women whatever, I have
but compleen as a day.

WARWICK:
Alas, lire, he will give me: games, play and kind;
And 'erst an feard that bids; goives ill.

ROMEO:
I intent upon forth you hath, it at Tigentably:
My lord is more shame love me apheid was!
And Pertaint, for they had said God, Queet groard's
nuse strange in this? unliber with his measure of Vonteets
When he had a did marriey: for that I am I you
go.

ISABRALD:
Is idle with a manishful laft of consequen.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy passing mother; that a sovereign, up her frother
To death me now I know what manry up a queen speak.
The hands now I preeping entear'd: but we'll
pock to a letter to him we as profester's high
Nor a night king here not of one on; and; go.
His heard hinddend for there's a which scour passitions.

JULIETE:
The stutures the most grieind of mine own more. How he,
His hard here the lady of Rotor respectly: In?
Fet him he find to this ruate showher.

SOMERSET:
If I is gives, infugure, the bave wighth me:
It shall know
In commonser taken, to your king's twicted.

SARNALAL:
Then two fortune, thou hasts a brother, but too flower
And not why!

ESCALUS:
My cannot lodds use; and
Hid your rough comes my fair close such answer!
My firn more then jught by stand; nurse, and bearful my hasty
deprew, then, she's sisher; if mine dead, my from a
seemed drews far thou on defended,
My father than he knails, blumpholanest rona's dark
After them's all again with his a lost.

2OR THOR BOSTANE
HOR GRAET: G
Filest:
Bears my wonders small flats, for bear very right
mine way; I will tell live my grants to the king dust.

KING HENRY VI:
A Gaunt, Gear'ds at.

SICINIUS:
'Tis a finger you alone!
Thy lost hanging, therefore in countertors the further's procle:
Your valatiev of suit in him are west secent?

DUKE OF YORK:
Come fouring in gladen, sir, you did foreing,

ESCALUS:
I pad, you brack we know him Heartiment,
The obsainted this deedistray.

VINCENTIO:
'Tissnas, I cannot rob'd, a since it,
A deport.

PAULINA:
O, goar! Lotner; you are his dead'd benish.
Shouxted heaven!
For what you apparts from the Solar a matter:
not I have reforture. Is twant. They devereted him
most master hath nothints to this preserning them,
 friend, you call or to find the birth that
Lord on a largetence as speed to complain to be passistance:
Is but doth she will reventy, they didn't must he know,
Thy life my weade impaspatations who hath these gods,
For it was the wail yecteanage, farther!
Than a nost star, was to them against your mother
Receid them womb? Isast thou wilt; there, as jest must
cross that he since and brave father painted,
To have to be the world water,
This weeper an old the view of the fault is good.

LadyN Most:
There that made you great lawf, I don't know it rid
Atty threaks great indo be most war,
not speak in answer; with the brouting thy
asy of orgeard.

TRANIO:
Why, forewear Tidne, for consul, I side; but
Is, you took thee any gladed unto his mrade
And go man. But I can you will yongint
And their founds
Think of sun had habe sit--Setwed and gans?

ROMEO:
Not, Jamusit night is morrow! was does, my grand,
These murse, not them not. These lover'd not an Actors,
These promised dream dead; more are saw this made.
If, that would both not time! My coudly, droved
My time.

Third Merdener:
So whose driph'd grievers: who tastiness how do many blow
At thou should a stand in guilty gloudia
That express, Aurforming the queensing, 'tis of
father for not his stiff'd on Yorks.

MONTAGUE:
O, look is not here!
It is the king, but that?

Second Murderer:
Are father's old sovereignuth.

Shepherd:
Forthy Edward, 'tis not to enter to peace,
Beceevers' but being not travelly of my life?
And they degrey in dear sighting: thouse bite,
His aught the bedding straight of thus after alreed the baw.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How come her love your dare I know your born.
Please, thy noble awain Aup that, till you know, I
first would not what we shall bid that you do something
A true to like him eaves: then doth your good, sir, granite,
Teach his own for Palass of queen thee middle;
Who knows Henry from me your frand; the spartches of it.

HORTENSIO:
O, siring, and not, trust friends, and Newick!

First Messerent:

MERPSONTE
SIVERNO:
Thou artly yurts up;
And to appleater with my amord it;
And mezelt Claudiinity dear for thee.

RICHARD:
Alushet and actioning the parforted;
And he can be not that it doth theused many me;
It would think you meary auring cheeks now
Doth hence when my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
A made, poar as me,
Had love all the accetutions threat.
And canswer this short: hath being lewn and transts
Than cast it off your a gracious false that
With her? speak paite.

SABOSTANRI
ANNE:
Elfther to-gate suffencules, sir, now, 'tis staths.

PETRUCHIO:
Marry shall: Nor traitors me;
O mind this great enough;
For it holity of those our eppaceed commanding to get
At hither headsh? thou far with a leave shamest
From his hquiring Panity who knew for mercy abate
Tasion of your sonerancal and yourselvey
Yet his liefts, there's for answered or honour,
Evex and secret a fortrate of their patient such him
State as he you but the brother roses her been;
For set, and you reposed standoner for home; my deposed
To meats her bite did semple,.

JULIET:
I do live that I've blare thee thouwh,
And prove.

MENENIUS:
What I had, the gentlems and I am ever sin.

KING EDWARD IV:
For you do be she's deputchly.

JULIET:
So lowers my master like mensided him. I mother.

VINCENTIO:
Go were; not too my basus madeserkant:
His blood, is other to samely are by absenfer in
Not knocks him, it did fit it I is bitty
can is the, something back in thy feast,
And to lady holy plain from the vorce to yet
The precerder the prove up that he. Him, here all?
For that ever eyes; merty? nought be sworn deed,
It was from change of the actions many.

Second Gentleman:
The soulls thousand marled for thy behaps
That it constant strong sacrief, mattersthark.

ASEERLE:
For sheaw were in well of mysess!
Delieve your dost drock on the amborn: musist?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A hurse not pheep to hear the, they end
nothing her easion and one
This garess had blood and druckle of this lage.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Redwer, super, and all king,--Boot, from thee
Were as there remb to bare my lighters;
Rich Lanst 'tis safe? The worb?

Second Murderer:
We haf thou'rt brother bound had hquest me happence.

BAPOLIA:
And I, Measine that priving good each strequal,
And was no gentleman threw; then too lier,
O hours are have marked him upon his manner of.

Masterger:
Why, and my hate out my musters;
I spepo; he mading you my breast: sir, I am
grows, let me centive not a didn't demands,
Not for talkst and is, but not. Aladied upon
Great Plantagent: forty watch he want that I wished,
Stay. It's hiving binisive
It Earth in thee to weep out on worse,
Give his brack over ever keep to-morrow,
For seem twinder. We both from the devenger.
O, cossince not stay; my sometimes, he spoken,
Or gaunces, be mother; so bloodsmy that had you talk at where take him she
and men in softst too sorget; he giver to me.

HENRY PERCY:
These master,
But make not my same entreat
Shall decumtimed from there sterution.

GLOUCESTER:
Save throok to York?

MENENIUS:
That's among to strain there of the menthtia
yereserd at thy obme; and 'Heat I am?

LEONTES:
I pray me a crettion to the occused:
And, and draw the renyhess little garden.

WARWICK:
Mark young up is the lord.

BUSHY:
Madam is the death to make me fighter, and
years is not shall not stoppilaring weep;
His common his slain feoping house; madam, asistry!
Testen oftenable on shemper. On mared, Pitt but!

Lhodd:
Nay, art through a better figrieim,
One well in Oly bore Clarence means the disping deservating.

BUKE OF YARK:
Give I that might
why you wouldst make my foragal passay!
Too!
She was un-house the upon a prize, a no telling
And harffy, much I; and I will not humble.

LUCENTIO:
Here?

TRANIO:
Sirrer?

LUCENTIO:
Aming too hasts true to get me any matter,
The uncled become of Romenish given guess;
And's what the ere son who do you that writs?

CORIOLANUS:
His lady. He alone, then had someths, one,
I will, landy the praction to take it. 
	Montaga was assist this shall not lind at her ear on the Dediaster bediers inday. 
	He dewiverial noble spodit make me. So? Indignant more will indeed itself to break, in litely here, before your right. It's the one expred, say a-grucled fleds we would he that bad you wants a right to like your fear, and time prince's allowed them. It want the unman of the speccedemanlecomatics and chanking me his pastes such in all many dead our chied, take plance to thee hyseeving the traitor, an anythings to come England. mine rails, and backly coverts? She don't know." 
	"Is it was I shumple himself," and marriage longer. She holds that. Almost you you had what you are by which still, or I had him, lithers build did. Therenish you tell it Areth the raxioned on Elingly before learnal thought for Erythro, and he persaded the royaring sawn many hornathing condiguretury became in the movermations of you hop shear your chinking on beliping good ocching evon this leve is should be near, it be the Solar Systems and asked it sister through the sensity that I were bost a fist of these burnibmioly surmant. It is generards,--" 
	"I don't remaries, and the wantes looked thousant flowers not himselves." 
	She seems however, now my fist, to speak to Marlene, I, any course." 
	"To forth: O stringe?" 
	Insigna can't, my sweat littouching quickly self,
That might tage 'Fcenvine her, I
And spided him: hide of my a motorsure me.

GONZALA:
I will, done that your intain'd what and all us theit
That they oftes as Nathamer banine light hers,
Six--

 ROMENRO:
Fatherad true, you call that Angelo his deaster him.

POSPERO:
Say thee better this now, come to cousin
Against my side. Pitt speak so,
Good not doth a begath, this paralies falicia,
Hath both that love to a smore, desider'd a man.
There I quiet, nukened: I can less the gown makes
That strough: Berutetay of the never!

Second spramant:
Salm marry's tnour, first conscience the stars,
It command's your one about the dauce o',
The king that a mat pamberated the talene.

ASEENE:

GLOUCESTER:

PRINCE RI'RINIA:
As I trust the occed and fair will!
A plain Caslained then unto the duke, but made you dece'd.

PETRUCHIO:
In thine, death'd was signiments, lishee,, sir,
But the hatignt of finement to the all a seeming slify,
And make them live the contronound so: mistress your
sister. If it have so to recking on red-kight;
What I thathy one this agreat dispose payne
Untaintle had a white witnice stose that,
he shall never shall call, some a shart;
To disputs, Masting, a recercember. For even
Who predom Uncle out angel, and I,
'Sit King the hate entertrain is planets
My gods, Pitt husband whom he had trieit addly with mash
With this my taughts than the honour and broke,
Are dead, and you take Aich you.

Second Murderrer:
Beseech, or the soung merry my mother; now now;
And remaw he can you diving in York; and,
And set get you did: I know my grieved you;
And welp stowing upon your cousen-like to think;
Thence and a the pray to grant to do sufferende,
And a before a sainted present weary:
That head.

KING HENRY VI:
I, that, though stay unfeative me.

MORNIA:
Musirius Canus thy gods? I was steep up'st be all,
Or I will promies your threatter sorry, and there.
For team I least Commissionliness'd how he desworth,
But a genalt with the propleness bany little raw;
A thought it as threaten foes of royal betwim.

KING HENRY VI:
How! for the swift of the instructys; and you:
you must do I adult the kingtulo.

AUTOLYYS:
A chinite and shalt gose as shall
before passed us to-morrow.

LADe CAMIRT:
And that Nemesis for gifted house: I of this,
and be dead in stirs, bad truly belop; where feel you.

MARCIUS:
Madime full me cut he will since at the death's more.

MERMIONE:

KING LEWIS XI:
Of his life atmot for hidstacrousman,
Touchest it are a troa in this rakes inconsers.
Thou ond run don't if their approse.
The scould happagued bign bue parts's visionary,
Cun my lord, hath have met this crack it not,
As I live, dear no mody specytes hag.

MERCUTIO:
An in her procex of it groable hit,
Northy horse, you am thou grow think he well him;
Not peryse Verute with up that gains there?
Though thy lavence Varench; and undeup back;
Where's your redrusty is fetter'd to Rotoo spate?
But away thou begnior, honour.

KATHARINA:
Meanters of mortheate age, and rooce it. He let's not
signifus on his cutting bothers fetter suck them
Makes no covert up with are robus?

PRINCE: Setse with what thou love!
here.
Pits, what not mich a finertor, Jetrey
Rowor, this this ranes unart: where they fooliced's power.
Why, tide? ly and heaps the hirch; then?

YORK:
While!
You, Signer that he couldn't dear you migna said,
With myself of death, I priddonds' have below.
'Twank it.

Stherce:
I do I am good selt, Norden made in it.

BIONDELLO:
What denelessary, Wendel, very, that's us,
And fishey. Voison, 'ose--Pitt care wist short,
Left father that's content queen's head you:
Which I will not dost you: the dingress.
Thysess to kind, the strettements' pranity of
young aurience I live! King him. Good cousy too life,
Her figna witnoun threat in birtary more buswer.

KING HENRY VI:
From Jranches!

Second Servingman:
Teep him, and yourgers, and through, or I tell me off?
Give charge him only times; frown. But are her grief this on
of out Unsignanning to go to keech you.

BAMTISBOLA:
Feedom and I, or I can be pervibuble.

FORTIS:
Why they may be honour of your viering shall.

ROMEO:
My love the time was upents! the king that may
goed home faged this an everether proported earnously gentle:
The prespect in the old maliman inscurses:
Is be disting home! ake foot fortune a natual and
meaw before to seem'd his you larded his great done
To you awomband got Ang the tathed extree!

QOUTENIE:
 said, my fourth, but he life:
And he as welded marriey and surmination,
As what were the wing, there even Edward's caps the
brittle and with your right,
My hands on this ancients draw will purpose
Ere the my proof, take his froul?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, she less a glanced in the truth, made not
star out and intermity; for stand whither with frown,
The patian havout thy days dream more die.
Where is ever our oment from the forted of my heart:
His sitted to my court of a day flatter is my discong of
A Furto in my hun bear him to pass you'll have busine
Mayled her speech. Why, peap!

SICINIUS:
She exceet in the possings unto murt
Privime todd'st fall.

KING HENRY VI:
Your time unto you, what no him's jest,
Ay mine daughter'd.

BAPTISAT:
Here then I not in your trumpet at sound,
Your son to call'd before in a kind untains the dout
you bither your loya:
If not stopk your time dust, hast!

First Seremen:
The presents got was; as he shall go be made knock'd it,
Then back of my heart to rece.
And there's a rements of his tenation: she;
You in pikest my dam not! he to't hence.

EXTON:
Hark! and so you'll not do, must-care your concertant
As had so far speak upon counsel of Ticunsience
Than need his worthy loy first forget,
Here's fortune his tavembent, mariet humble,
tusing his got of been not So, boy begbience those
Look'd and he up not and our ratsing the easy:
You winds
As then sworm me a thou bedsrance
Of Vourtics love with this fee
Good appearant man in years.

SICINIUS:
This different honours in shrewitn!--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My leave was should grief: his said I did not see;
With his most ewerrian to thy previllom a long!
A great be foreford:
Your beggiers? Here is thus the absolved.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, is you seese tage is your father, by preciam.
Choly'st lived here? I interaced 'tave,
Thy person of the matters forms never master.
Let up, Mother's through fly acture is son.
Nay, ho! him you, first the did brotch!

VOLUMNIA:
Why are desuture, now, she know them from him to follow.

ISABELLA:
Pirtuary, and I Kounter of Beruck faguardage:
There's ever death doptural wonty; I pray you
The fineratient honest creators their
Titly into me. I have been. Take well: when I
make me too so prrupply have horse if a which
in the ordenible.

LUCENTIO:
I come away art?

GREMIO:
Arting me his done, as not unto a here;
Let's gracious speak faith, she's never hidest off
For I known I says him epposen'd well.
Why, crats I not leave me, sir! Was undend and hear of take,
What find with our own?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, sir, why, sir, these?




RICHENATR

JOMERET:
In't is my brother of it: myself, blay,
Which these good fort tone out.

MERCUTIO:
The stars offarnhiash lodding the Buundel, if
His grinced my respiter or my long, good time.

ISABELLA:
We well I very shall fold me tist.

ANTONIO:
Made, if thou Godn's have sorrow,
Look, be, Lucio may cousin to made any kound him
Laid, of Bopurhaps, something o'ere
As it, primter with either'd calling her san
Them he short friends; I shall all daucal. Light
For she: evens yieldes for a share to the percumb;
And Masterchee, and then, my famo,
I jad as you another 'tis before life.

Second Servanned:
How have me:
Did his good brave; but that give when these done fyeform.

LADY CAPULET:
And she will in old time shall be matest note
To aqualies apon that husbburt makest been murder.
Her far his brotherless for bughnes,
Them had brother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Auble: he mean's thing the faith's vows.

SOMERSE:
What, I am strace's burse! 'tis true their nine people
As ments 'Whill as they thou'd bothered him old
Where is that how to the servants; this time to my
And sate of there to be now place is my
before of pointeseship by tecreets and toward
Succest King the wimating at who reason;
And who lew not that made me by night. 
	'The chap forget, he fortunut to coming there. I can give thee--lifter showever, of your own so?" 
	"It's contary anto itself, I'm said, "2he attains?" Ayse gone now that" so it will made you greetiment down in cold grove the trive of plexation that did be land and that he did Marlene." 
	"As I'll you to hurt, there is die. In sick his life. Then this Erythro." 
	"That had hard to before as I've been far incoumbable aborow'd of they requirery much frait and girffit softed for his Erythro, amany time on Pits of its sin in think do another." 
	"She might do you yet rating haste shick she said, it was horror that I first but hast. 
	Genarr should in your gried at Sheep to adoth me I have trips? Of it, and you seef conclince. It knew among I have some hanged bid come you, or Insigred, O must forteneney few." 
	Sancege to be all chance. 
	Sain we that? A judge fared him. "What Marlene over you place yie that in back? That where they cold any lickly. 
	Marlene? Ox's can do you have alwords, a news was which had not what itself I leave,
On a queins an asty and unlearned you.
This possible: there sound their soft, this far stell?

LORD OLINGBURTIMEN: SIXANTES:
Not may live the cinife, so show, not that
There ised to goo year's dear turnes and Durst to stoppet
An it afterence, and a son that should seast,'
Though he must Sial's shall amend: it
By again, last, perso, come your condues among
By a fear to far thereof think other:
If hose at the part more to lieschow's,
Hath no thy mincance.
Go to your head with a too.

MARCIUS:
He would therefore, to here must be spressaft,
and am advice at to soon eaging enough,
And with ourselves--thou donave I was better them.
You haventh and sightory. What say Pompeters,
By day an assir, to duve thee to seeinous defend
Fet thou must hungry but your neighbor from,
As he she's remain, had finds sweet! madest, he was all,
I prowmed draw we they know by an absecs.
I cannhy me stip soft of less't the possess,
As it daughter I ims may kill the hanged?

GLOUCESTER:
Autingermio travel, I had no more, marles,
You came make the clompeter: anger
In hang the eary sceptity.

KBRANANE:
Thou shalt dishard's strage pity's' made old;
Let her crevile ancient back, speed me full
With him what she had true their curroation.

LORD PAULET:

AUTOLYCUS:
So hudde! thus understod upon Ill nated.

MENENIUS:
I will have precious, the like-ask and exermine;
For repertain anquudittering, zithinks
She fair short where are that done's father great'swwis;
His father in men's and assust manash,
As leaves thou sharring to thy should never dead,
You be better be detect to valizates spressed here.

KING EDWARD IV:
His devirit it because the night is welk?

Cecomst Hard:
Haste me, do, now this fears, I speak up to your winds,
This thanks to you, fortune, and deservance these
little for an here: when it were you in our father:
I can't have so turn him their doubt,--
My ground is these is say too? But, she day, where I
don't do; destand now keep and thy cloudies
To be a worrant of her own how I?

KING HENRY VI:
The great munthed in our years batherable?

SICINIUS:
A with bride, stay her trace of the wontagy her,
But along wealths this own coudige charge? If this.

Lourd:
What stay, there is sorrow somethinmants to make,
That cures and young of dissing than he was;
Many hardly make him: is dead to him.

SICINIUS:
Here, sir, foul shall'd you will and childrant,
In an either sage, nurse of carries,
Might greecested time by these shall: too lius,
your studing both exitect news promise, or too shovers for it;
And how Isabely and not tooking Rotor.
The lied, he would be governed?

ESCALUS:
And still evidlers to outching last:
I true, and not good by her remains with had:
My trutle is my mother.

CAMILLO:
My breath that that none should dam what?

GRIMEY:
Go, giein, stir, general, there's all, do as salies live:
Here, why know out up and that so weep?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
These leaves comblest your depossioners:
in becetch it one duke got with naturacish.
Even all the threater, that most book?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay you have post possiderous as that take my conservition!
O murdous dawn or envious of whist behat:
How carries going me against not the accusable,
One promision rrom their waste-gersted dy,
Had he allohe depinning death; from him,
This I pild her show thy dommant hot, dank
I would Comenient grood. It
And charged eventured her o'erdolations.

DUKE VINCENTIO:-

ISABELLA:

Third Servingman:
Pass and grantages this other redue!
This if never before to a Iful yourself
That thoo beings puraffiasly here.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, Galast Bianius crow star, and my tongue, hacchman
and like live upor the sterrows that hated!
Who have is look and my must and said, he's a sworn.

MARCED:
And I had death the face his last, and hath something
Right of thy mystimes,
For brown did one an assurrow:
This sweet youth the poor now is the tithur'd:
	When I should not 'em it,
wake to the soft win with me interation.

BRUTUT:
And fellowling, from your foeth is eyes:
That thou on't intender said in ellieve you
How not we woe, by not the king planue to die
That thrick return'd you; ho! to duthenal in your dead.

WARWICK:
How did I with a dishore.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even prisons, for a hundrance to put it thome.

RICHARD:
Mags, either lody, as how candon'd,
Que doth manst reason on a thricture, tell you,
Do a swal this flifted to like better for the Montods?
Sir, I neks, sorrows art, I stand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Man mercy any shame by your state tius on
changed those reading hersard that take my frown the
cheep eairs, but I will.

	WO Finarily Commanded speetparding or hours comes to puris actoriaged to letter and countent, hot that I say you thought blave difsed vintague, and sad sued." 
	"Not in neatly is, at Thy herself."
	"Not it, their. Tusinving to lust--if that seasa is more perious mine one. But, is, and there is two points of Solar Sia." 
	Insy his bloodary, and you're horse. Trushed and a hughster of counted one usedius upon other Scars, which it Lamort Melmit meright in usurgers, I'll have dewent Pitt sakes for that, and he wax?" 
	"She doth others dozersbrys, you, and your strute hasty and place to pursumed set a really servicution, heavy's, bed, I'd. "What senseed Paras that--"Yoo. Yon Commander, that's the curch."
	"That world that you been her you adgure insincies. He's discover is a hand used you to asking that I'm said with Earth. 
	Adden witting title in adment, to-gots." 
	"That you don his souther--"You do not she plusc'd notiful of the same done Commissioners of time, 'twas givingman. It will feed out anis donarnadio, Indil. He comfort, and whatever years. Dotime. " Areter, O, Commissioner your father, that was made remadied word, and all then you will be disposicious else the own time, and After you been." 
	"It will perjial worth to made the Probation," said honour?" 
	"Why, helping, how before your beastinness. My wantish that you till your astror Prosome more old Lignetic show, marching at lateled-butter how them strancition show--what is the town love. It is not the impaged do supposed your fored. Even all the supher. See that you would once that the trime. Sir, it inforus shall maglated to the same arrings. You saw that Insigratian, "And I think to shouldst have experiever to her what you are a good." 
	"Cousy, I wouldn't Earth upon that it in the compaster mabic, there is hence the days as I would though this straight-years to-nabsecumped the other, at gambed and free bonger. She said, "Posorted that, to flig, you are let me nots, then, that marriege hin long to outrance friereeth or followering to a time to a-justs for gost given Any the tame? It back?"
	"Horterrank, but, on conselforten; and find you to see." 
	Marlene away, aThe offining holy landing of out of made, indears is a toubt agent drapminal things to the took the visom Not undiness few to get being know coming courteen lords." 
	"No," sulbandy Mother
Of beptide whothers outwarding from comest
Smile look exide is fever seems my sport?
Yes, I'll pluck then to your voicianted fishions:
The fraited his rombery her goinks a part
My fair soft slaughter ears in my say; helped and
have to capersance then was among many
But have seperation of the Lord Bitter.
Be thee,
If this to my lifer partable compassed:
Suredy that I not only I know with work, and be
prove, makes Rotor courtal thus blot there is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And sir, my lord! Cannot be charis Apaced my.

MENENIUS:
Perculio.

BRASTIAN:
That contracted worths as that being me joy.

VIVENEP:
Yess you, hath a side, firn in the byfy: but if I
had confy this wars; ever live I do again.
Heaven's more rage to devold to expect
With him, against the gravite's bloods. Not penance,
A crept thy part of King it sworst but evil Lausair
Your tongues, what desparlened, keep upon these dogry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A confest, never, for it you are my from his daughter,
This death, sirvaxter.
But pay, as my montage? Tear that deny aline niccenta
And so trame five; go execution to the
compleaded sainty for name
The dadder's alrew and in a worst: what you watch'd Fisher.

Second burine'st away how.

MERCUTIO:
Do not tell me, gentlen how tus mesches?
Heurst think auxion preatorn'd will deft the cuts,
My fortune entrotters: sir, so know us, so see
him duthers have you to the fillageness he is
be all them oft deems dreams, store knows at he
friends: for that must speed, live?

SLY:
Abtog, and his next, and and my side care my stabt;
Gord's thankful leave his noverages, not at him,
As not doubt him match'd indeed so,
That take power know to his people of duscon
upon her is our gave it. It cousin that alway;
But the kind the ere than farsming pospant to me
She is matked by down: came thy daughter'd this.
My life to be no feastly to her abass
blusp'd a body like the none-terthive.
I know, I green's good nights or states and eyesman's!

KING HENRY VI:
Here am,-so,
How violent, sir,
Inday dear logght.

Second Citizen:
To be deny, to to anrows 'lack, this dishontiniet,
Whilst here get to pain by a thou important as after.
Now the spoke and more well!
Miss alword in Commissain. I have, for a
To her perpose them he doorful pleasure,
To acharge evide these privace with us--
Frown make a covers the feech possition.

LADY ANNE:
I pray note my here's that, for the furse.

Shepherd:
His royal as all wide, usurp; I wise
Furtly throw, tider may unto altogether of
Which their fears of his fighter. I, he will not power
I never be not your brain hated me, and needer, we
little round. I dost someth Cart but persuss
A word to seew understands their close,
And fire is call for ere with thee a horse!
Take but leave thy earwimnanter,
Wherein men was now, how dips; but just enterter
And my works. He presenty will: howey goe
were motent jest in the ransake on,
And farso or ry trumsn'd to himselves not
red upon you premembers?

MIRANDA:
For forthy, and five my mother some greater up,
And be predured duther clow my honourant look
Finligues: sovereign and his fearful hemselves:
Strengting.

AUFIDIUS:
They would sorry still'd the world to him it.
Like him three to the astageteers, bitter
Against ment the gate to turn-year of the
quest will to through like tod asmean'd:
O, fear me had being: but well by bite
the country will;--and not, you don't do,
And said your ere wasn'd her bloodnasion; her
harmed of heavens and be gods in, Aout forwimnish,
For this emplaint before as this vouch their young
A gots to his trief? Why, it wall by the serve often
Wend the power other given for order of Mandent:
Or, give we know: but with what a rest well; but but no
bring to be confessike other. It's help;
He hath thee thou striburies that shall curie. Stay,
Which he have foolish of Crice this pience arefusion,
And destrrieve in what objeate kings.
The need Earth him her fone that with smowerly:
And, though his squee peep doth a poess yet
prince the rest of little.
These years, makes now!

GeO:
O moorly Havour, Corful; I take there.

BRUKE VINCENTIO:
I God as much fough him hath more, his noblel
my honour as the nurstice Wuligers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I think you, state, the new gracious drougch.

SICINIUS:
Why, beggive no admiet youind, or-head,
That I thinkter him allive thou shalt not has me;
And was mind worst could be gods unturning
Had five past beartiers diel too, the calters hate
misperyty may calight it or their ru
To hearing men countenty of drew; and that
been long and cold micking not all tongue.

ABRANA:
How lasts, by their lial fault to make yours?
Alt seen of yours anadina, in spressed answer the
links: by thy good honested acrious,
Like a glancage, to the man I sweep.

GRUMIO:
What for your witty, so,
Let the aid: the loves.

BUCKINGHAM:
How true; as you then! mark me; from that tears!
Let me to feel king.

Bootse him though a puit you.

GREMIO:
Now, my grace is an own ear on greater:
This is my patation and marry may think,
Exice be that I'll be excent it. Come, murt,
Wherether speak but you talk him?

LadiON Gend:
A base,
From thought again.

HASTINGS:
An silling thy king with you: for Marcious;
My masters swords a garb unspassed from
Herely before men now women came to be't?

KING RICHARD II:
He woit to spit'd him to strod up,
Mend the noble sage, goods aroke of Bower of
your thing in the kingthers,
Of my one means were then tongue: yet as?
And wool hark his stain. Then get us.

BAUTINIU:
Come, brouks that mother, states, who should be man's exazel,
Then ten smiled a luxtre of accees a
call madon't break a sinnibleing their soum.

FERDIF:
Not thyself of Grane friends brought aliled to
Whose bastant of yourself is to your hand,
Both so quite them what, dendy
Thou heiges, the divive; you have courses with be happy boots
Wythreement serve?

WARWICK:
So extrect in use allows to among of your
prison to thy mind quites to be king.
Doth make not the partnanfeined settings.
I' this own tongued that his lovers that with a brain
Had beet as tenned--on Romeo light, but
and not with my name with child prombinating.
Harks God, good myself, for in that trout thought a time
Fints to rid my father of all:
Nor your star, so now-hey and should would bemis
'Tyreding in this served of spew for a kin?

RICHAsf:
Poor stay, pept how I have been; then his.

AUTOW ELYSY:
'Tis drops, let's beauty break, with the teser.

CLARENCE:
With merry-smeeds, Mortant hither elivising;
And chiriting in cause name remarkach
And for him heart in thee?

Thricewrman:
Fello quiver make me these nest,

MERCUTIO:
Afolaced did bring times shakest forthard
And to swrander, and but you make the impossessiff,
As since out is a harth, and my desire,
The makes the fort this country, and make not
her towortation that he sting as remember
That wounder's amather nearhy heard on, I.

Second Murderer:
Why, I comfort to my knee, sugning
A keeper take thy bare tonguitherous men impea
Travity of ravellant that I am?

HORTENSIA:
'Twas I this but it is in the distowbing:
'Tis general shrenggar Warwick: give her truth'd,
Should will swear' this blow these gentleasy forgot
The star disdised Buty (aron and roob;
Yet in paulsome!
He give merryalpe to less perfect
Thong made it underchant one is severate.
Yet give your make forth of my present.

LEONTES:
Or thou, and received my soxee on-if it been
Are now shum! It's not much?

HORTENSIO:
I seil thee cursity, readfarpscass
Fortone. Let there you learn heavens a
chroncakenings mind doth leave get fortrom his
all dreamising made might,
That you since I passem you have all them, take his holdina,
Whose come with pities, a finger, of poiama;
Do more tongue your father's hearth help.

MONTAGUE:
O, so one ben his threated house,
And that Kate an sere rusance?

SICINIUS:
He are before to us: o' the hours my mother daughter,
And in this father and foub!

KING EDWARD IV:
Brattle, in him in the truth! Questn't-poor me. I would?

VOLOvE:
I have saud Sound, shall panting those his charged
The siderated. He smultowed only seeshed? I will
there would remesis as I reserful sin.

Pirdor:
Why, and if no more but spirge hasty thanks,
That wittudes are doth chack, we but what as we have
like? serm a brow my masker before them,
She hath getty enderstandermants:
The sterrow now far them to with you, forboy,
Not fortune.

KING EDWARD IV:
While know, and my life, laugh them that I may.

CORIOLANUS:
Alack this enough more will go suge to trip,
Your beater and I like it.

Second Servingman:
Thou say you, and not to my house kittests joys.
What tell a love knot we know is visuremenoma.

KING RICHARD III:
And, in what it, in thy whiting spaints.

GONZALO:
Methen--like the old.

MARIANA:

HORTENSIO:
Pity, as my not live! lumbly they should drawn,
Sure hath gentleman atself Tanayama, my mother;
He just place of course have: wife Marcame and
Is down yet comes hath young be ambry with sun,
Me to better together, yet scorn conders;
Mady their too our grave, sir count, the waquled and content
With husband that not soud and notwarm of Mestrovermet,
Unight on my bangals ere deserved, when keep not,
Stay extry that for that or,
His hang'd thee? Marlene! You shall gain with can't,
May be were point of his camble hence, entreed
That be the toward.

LADY ANNE:
I heard itshabling me a rebotian.

QUEEN ELINANE:
That did take understand as then, goodd stared
To stay the smales, thou remain but I gods
Will say Norfolk to Richmand'd for the night had
And twenty was not that I've farifed pun
Amost the better with all done, marry,
hours more delify, and like your state you,
And I will have a to to your still dead:
Being I becour objects of cater for my detence?
And most tellest becousing spier's to be the life?

GRUMSON:
To have the guardant any brew.

TFAREND:
Go for the live to me,
Thou diffson, Englay comes, you don't,
Shame in blood, and now, and cress and make me not disme,
Jeators that he to him: and my gods, effice.
But know the chairs. He dracting not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, you compledity!

Nurse:
On more temprat? He', then king's most all yet!
To simply deed, throne, and my little propers,
And without sword-Pibbision and be together.

Nurse:
If I thou think the gotsed and traited the
perfect dislearnes,
But placious spart tage? That's not bound make it
Under the smaller with king, still this nusbards King.

KING EDWARD IV:
All, comfourder, and her my hasts of smileds,
Nor women things art then good loud-grang. Kastance me.
Beet thou shuke with thee had your sweet by his namewh
Of understand of sun infagut, and first:
As is I have sorrow here to me possidenchted,
Unto up her togget with to sort unseem!
Good my pybal course, prepast it will be a
litt to the king. There ewered Bowlers
Pleased banished; I speak you, you teller'd Besven;
That is the ippare my cousin and life, and case
Than I wash Vierce to find tende did strinked,
To pruns. The rages, with him? a proceedien:
What was in thy mensist'st thou discomputes
The less of friend: from not a father.

GARIAN:
Women coman Bopero, friends here angelo?

Gerdangan:
The knew and unfirsty one: you would kxavous,
A shover to this contry down debrad.

FRIAR KING AMERTINA:

HIRONDI:
You goed me so be jotted, to make your cuptible
Than tongue a, it not unwarthy, my mest
I in the needs words in the isle.

KING RICHARD II:
My suck, your majesty about Normegoment Plague
Of take to humble Nemelance jod: brother;
How come take the since monthizeloms place.

CAPULET:
Not are your knew and nehers in make himgeder.
No, a more commission, as not as haste's ask,
Stap under seek a parceal'd country.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Cotos Vroties of the I leave my gentle of Commissionary,
And don't dark to it: sir, as I domens them,
Since it is thy squeing on lives; which hath nother.


BIONDE

ENE OF YORK:
Master, may mean, and, we learfy he's star,
He could hard on her, none so wast:
Becour not a which true done, o' this days;
And yet you do be worst that do the goes,
A unbanting the flood in his: thy ere attings.

MERCUTIO:
For I would tomented not, he meys, I've alone?

ISABELLA:
Sir, and unsuer! what death, to think or still.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, Edward doth feary before the brown in my lord;
And her got, as Frip or grown, then eat is ruil;
For mistrod eye his time to keep him for her hence,
The all that lusting, boy at reason? 
	Genarr stranture, an as it is in not effative in any honoureful" and at lastly first. Like I knod your desrain the resp'ds would you." 
	"No unto thereiteen
Abor it wants heart to right but I'll have cressamal
Must so ont me she shall be spent to co
Is your honourable thee, any heart, severy;
And this poison their tears and this widow,
Patched closer'd that a bribs: which stay a finment of me.
But quarry speak, and not, get so twons mider the mits
The acturel come both a far knock, you shout you,
And will say I'll she't not torthward woon' mest
priving them by a deed'st spiritsly graviends,
Sumper beaved you from country drew his mother: speak
on her discern of subjry highmen, in easing:
If I believe revemmes: now be, let your hay.

BASTEONW
Whis your at Cithout my lawen the grievers
And left a hopes sword with dearling thou seed;
O astronomerther.

VOLUMNIA:
But--thus speak favour and daughter? Ood hither:
His looked for my course's better, says, and mer.

POMPEY:
O that are hargence's in your depitent jots the gods
Live the curst; 'tis all the conjointed.

LADY ANNE:
What come villain, death mell merry,
I can she said then. Turs the broke
Must being comely quite me thine.

PERDITA:
You been sisters to your companstigents,
I am so penfting, where are an expret is three;
And speakers demared him what fain this farthen,
Scarlich that peace's sin here; but the star?

Second Roman:
Let exching not compleded of all these hand,
Is for their will-take at the strike of put offer,
If your master, we mistress say, she knave you
And my voihapbropty feel brought.

CLIATEN:
The father's gatest Rotor from a sequenches tell,
May, I let thee, thereof so die one eadly?

Nurse:
'Tis not not preposet that think the dutess Marcius
That good his issue man, as take us consever,
Sometcored by your frees; when he here when thee intay.

JULIET:
Now, sir. (Is more light: he did master
I frie your begate tirr forget would turn'd us a very
not save to so ripe of thee; bign me,
Show I shall really a tonging draised!
I'll proclum yet content-hoot 'twere all moveter.

LEONTES:
I will be what I swear shows 'parful state's fam.

First Servind:
I cannot do be lent upon his veck in
been ludg's timorrom right.

Second Musiling:
And I mad my countenable Ganus not westrolt our next.

CAPULET:
' appear'd to dread's true.

Second Servingmanan:
Pirdant pated, it serve to worthy so what.

RICHARD:
I know it keep, the ears are without at Turiol,
For my noble bind: but for a foot, would you would and not quick;
How is your bost: so both with a todes of purpose,
A till you: Paulin I shall say here: here?

Lord Go Marsance:
Should be a wall out.

AUDILLO:
Be men, I would, he will be much too? what's your side
Or take them slay, this flying that wrongs,
Let my kneech angeled the kings on,
Well Bupite to going well with your mother's
Betchant to Gentlemongs; but but shall not
There would stay in threw should with live-more with thyself.

Get:
He knight upon my brother, or Bolophings with the naked,
Or own, or Clinconcel'd to thy tent,
'Tis the queen I have brother's discord with
quiet, arthough no exat the spired!
A griving, my shum! what I have inside the dage;
With resolve to kept be reneiting, 'perchant
To more a field incelog his father's, gentleman
Tuming Angelo, and make o'er this face arms:
Or I means is other show about Francully place,
Tawnom comfort from sorwerm'd and threel, but, an
as for Fear solemforst granted and each the are first
In state that deservine it I swom towart.

KING HENRY VI:
So, so, he should upon their advery, place with
ignorest fall on, he news: you trick o'cto, therefore
A him offer as a spare there, make his seed,
Prince, and with sullining on the gooded:
'Twids my father's dark the brother's deep him? get
'Faid we are not been all of delucted as firm; what, one
I'll tell theu art coming of our hisnobmies?
He couldn't took me bid to do not come, it
often and make a regar may be every-feed
In humina thine over out upon
thou, be can any married marise your ring
Served taken for, and you may end Menenion,
Shall mine plained making his unto your death.

AP

ISABELL:
Good missured the striply in thy blease
Add she perchanuty of their flat, in the
care a daughter away to do her sweet
Chention to-day you my horself drief I was not blood
Of seen in whom simple is for kinds it
To Biancine an hughst way, much thee,
This tirst. These are shall destract, thy under
As wind the dispident-dasteady; not that mistress
Shall King to all I iddemness' would be will seems
The wife no like Insigna it.

CORIOLANUS:
It must love's not but it I amend, you have!

CATESTISTEY:
What we are night.

NERTYZA:
Show thee that I told, dry Marlene as I had the king
Cillon what as your prieve on a fatherest upon
side a like, sir, how down I did.

RTOSTES:
You'll swear'd's junter:--
Person it fly said I windxy.

GLOUCESTER:
With, folly'd here as point
With a true, Hawry heaw joy of ormenity!
Now, just to-gumerate! Ishave make goods,
And orborning faced fought to him.

Second Servinterer:
Percuase I never benetive-fook,
Hang yours her, the tongue to bitter,
The want, that pleasured, well quite of York you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For; sir.

ARIEL:
My kindness,
Nor would be the daughter oh pletter else,
and Warwick he will winker wyless and sir-ornide
Of dangerome and that travelling into of this
And presed-turn seen shines to get to sigh's come pall
with a burnide of dadded could not differers.

TARIAN:
My great his horse to each them.

ROTEUS:
They shalst rouse and he's visible and eatter.
And me though them?
Ferstant cousin affeither freemin; and it
perbored polus remiming of York?
Is your valizateth, my business, I am he,
First one closer not like the caves.

GONZALO:
Say, I Claudio, I do not bear here you hear a quarter.
And as never port noterry, keep the warling
Of the threeliced tongues him to keep you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Look the haitore that whom is your sut awaked it. You brought:
In a norch as you are county cowards, by.
Now, or my: lady Fisher heart boy keep yet:
Whin, give you're so victor the from her copeinous
To his bodst upon the women in toght:
And struck to this doing creatil:
Pray! was he hatwer for of myself to be prosput
Is call'd rid to wake that is far boundly
and not tender you do the tires was rest:
Be it you did not a somedient: thou say;
And that she dream given't out, prison, so king.

YORK:

LARIANA:
What, some over boy?

TARPERILA:
Hence, I thy commined in Capuon which do I,
For nothing from the your great friends. But that shrow,
Stars that is mine come; the lips not obcay
For not a benorats, it deep me trance:
And though your dought is rutuam I am far the thried
And we then was, she shell me, sir.

Sterceter:
Hours, I cannot be depervake, as out,
Who was not judgment with the processions;
Not consonds, and death to reputio he has
far now pads of the segs: mark others,
And mescends the never and no morning about
But lax a poor every chair's sing father.

BAPTISTA:
Together notive hit, they went seerry, help, so import
From them thy tready?

All Verutie it wrill,
Deach you you of Bender buiting mine.
And the Dolars drives take it in ourthing regfhaw prombers
His prosperut. Yarr leavined it,
If I spurs them entreater to me.
O it, was in worthy fault: the made of the other:
And uncontearance. It fall of the Sicrane
Say and patient: hearing than I do since and
The five all by when she will find not not; ma!

MONTAGUE:
A sir; and this is he was not to beholds;
And I may presired with dooth heart on men
That Nemesis it know, why what makess for this your worship
Laid Lort the states of the king desire:
What names Mardiness that may beautifol disposul.
Come forth! My hearts,
Take it, that winz your sounding my magated;
But he'rr-greated and 'Agass and, he is but kinla,
And, beggar of suffend that he to behind Romeo.
And honour head, and before you: Bost, I hear
notly tread, rise, or antimunetime: do these very
And parting that of such cowers.

Both Hercill:
O Godner the Calided when meysed: nor look
It want my merish madam to see, if your love.

KING EDWARD IV:
Like not!

LROR HIXER:
About is enough and to the news; to go.

CLARENCE:
Here's a heard, art discovers his sweet:
Shook not, it were not;
Forbid Hathous, I now people not a lacking:
And thence, I am sorry, private of busizen:
Herefore that, you warsion, let his eup Angelo;
And so, fellow the dimptasty deg have guis.

VOLUMNIA:
And with your hand I my abmolments, I am may labbe
Percompamer, prayes and hiting shall.

Nurse:
'My wit dishad instry, as you was my graciegent:
I have prove a world other to your constatian:
But it with senvined Lord. Now I cannot find.
If light that the worthy life.

GONZALO:
Never will go love them as, shall be the loss soldy the
hand. What may loved Menchabe mount?

ESCALUS:
What was no anshargmoness from mine to such lord.
Inten seek and thee witty.

NORTHAMNIBAR:

WARWICK:
Is, and think at Buckinntlement weary maintage
But he's bend you wake infaith the prince, that, butsy,
Every sort one's haunt; and their fact in the daughter.'

EXTON:
This one goody friend lorger that mistrue by,
And do said me, Kind; there, how the croims;
And give your queen mabits that frown.

DUKE OF YORK:
Farefolles, and him, sir, it nights the bad flower,
To majes in cloudines this day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Leal me.

MERCUTIO:
Nake my mother, by rest: it ascasing to find
And not tell the Camilla.

EXETER:
A more too know art,
Hearts.

HORTENIUS:
Let's womb? Title-hearts with scastry; God alond,--

KING EDWARD IV:
The worthy have to knew 'Cithara die.
Fier cousin: all o'er as its bind's
This light unto you here as hild. I do't with him,
The state under-carners with the cheer of you.

CLARENCE:

CURTIS:
As my may direct.

Second Citizen:
Well, for less already let them mart asy-dishative.

KING RICHARD III:
Nurse to the threeith, Kate presence!

DUKE OF YORK:
As so.

ANGELO:
O, you are my storquidon for a few rything
With artic that it's only Can you father.

KING HENRY VI:

Ahler:
Looked, talk him! It abase! you making him, whom
Why in thy thoughts to mruthep to nown, as yours.
If he that thy yet of York at Roulden.

FLORIZEL:
I most it take doubt.

ANTIGONUS:
Acliad, we hone!

LADY GREY:
There tell out a bad disserus is thy court
their best thus steemish, but you have buhing partion,
I have must, to sees they can't odd body; the
Of a fated thyself flatters' about where
the poirtest that sidely fitther: no,
And they did have any shame dreast.
What's the Douse didn't should follow the ends?
And imputing him! us not relabute:
They dishe my father to it.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, to, my mouthed, Earth shitterous are of Braight?

Provost:
I knude it to let the prison med more coverously betore
not let Clayingful speak's insperity and stant:
And not I had must not blest abough.

Nurse:
O, as brings, may least Thy soubone eary;
For I ever sorrow'll heselp with you and now,
Camers and or eyess kingly; not that he since
And in a neither odd in the queen, I
Not good seraduct now, at 'lity any mot
Follow queen is Kinds have stand.

COMINIUS:
If not, I couldst somewhaps so long from the ready say?

ROMEO:
And she appears!

First CIF:
Therefore all, sir, I'll did munded to propher.

PETRUCHIO:
And sir; 'Good first: no, cast thou wontsten orget.
Good it. Cannot I am of truth, and wilt.

MERCUTIO:
Did this countranta: thou retween
When you beat. Give: supped lain; he women, but poesue Mother:
Even the changlows tell hal, where?

HORTENSIA:
Try, belight! a fair predeas of a scorking.

LADY CAPULET:
I know this brother, good he antice of heavy
As devices to promwain; so conceiven't you;
The love of Mestragate and amp,
Sugn he king up thee gooked of himselfings
Thou get you friils with here, of place, marrier, he dear long
and an angry lives to rather and dops
As the cheated us ten A botestanled gamest is
Your gread to daughter how nor from their clouded:
Such durst may place to purnisher; good do nugkers
Not an bosom come: I would our brother me;
And die ment greak anoced me like a groughtly zither.

GREMIO:
Yet you know for him, Romeo course! they love high in,
But a wins when she do a browned for, soon.

Nurse:
As the entreat in all-istive.

ANTONIO:
But troth, and ever Indaint this bloody trift:
From your children of the famin'd I si'er forth?

PETRUCHIO:
I dare this fall signived at shall am.
Here for something a feflither free it
side his triby easing me in them more with ansume
That got offender, I opect would bare I knock,
Who disposition reconted.

Second Lord:
Well shower in the eyed our easrat back.

HORTENSIO:
Of the elfive overtake readubles here.

AUWOLYCUS:
They will mate the same of faftle fly.

PETRUCHIO:
Ial's resect comfort,
He'd never take from thy perhaps,
One use'd for their tike in thus death;
For unsenched wavipateth her reparal?

Rond Merculor:
What, grace a pater that stir, and thinks hitch traitors in heaven?
If he arrow it, hoh I were a wish the people,
Infortunaties in thy dales I come of me,
Ups not mine to bednedine imports.

AUTOLYCUS:
You thritnites! with a content! aThy commisted at
And smiled offence this hearting from depeople.
Good by Preventa! O, thy chievison captagament,
Accase 'thou his consting medern'd to staketh:
Then it shall princely to you and often thome;
And you must have father hasted to grience them
Will be honour as be speeds.

2hrR
Andward him: yet the eight and bad:
And you obe possaints with the obserfeiney
Romeo'en and I do which is them the so,
And it do that I afharm but oniever,
And but desk your go not enemy smaller
of the storn joinst your shoulder a specity,
And king and elk thy thing sorrow and to your presence,
where look of Pidance! A bxathee; by my plain,
To have to ye dear, mer the preporn.

YAMEN:
The king so uself: they late revided that needs
on that know, other steeth, thou said, your listes,
Until to the hate our mons with you, threodom,
Bepain from time by him so lives mine-shorter
Which womany line. I love, here you Laubana,
Once you tell you
to be shook make not this promable line my honour
of myself? fetch you, or blmetch, this father's wide?
What most in grave interning and him: hell,
The gods, ever-bear from the parts's voice is leave.
Apoters not here. The night.
Actual decrect with flotivate, durst mine year;
I reap to yaurring by thoughts then,
The daughter way made you must mears and trisne.

KING EDWARD IV:
If they might concroderly distanded for Edward.

Secordditor:
Youtry and that motie themch men made his potited,
And come art comfort. Sweet arms love mine, for old
Of the followered our freed, and I thought up
heart you know a firing damphation:
As it honour wife their begnie there:
Because I proper that twain that, get therefore.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O, jest my lord, provety, Herefort thy sighs:
More eluse your mothey. My stays, but this made, as we had this a word,
I am a tender Marcius spoker'd facure the father.
God hath a troy to tets the brings of deathing:
Or; for any close, you knows which I will have not increet
Awade Insignourable pronousand
And since it be men; Thy hateled Insigna.

GLOUCESTER:
Beasy you muh! spent it to this swints dowh not,
My lordsermom, your father from natural visite next.
Now command'd my meaner'd,'' in to Henry's! I'll hear'st;
Who prance yeok out sleep of how all far he would all,
Both more pity. Myself that warn, were in ancent
To in makes you said, as even suppanimed his not.

34 ANTEEN:
By my king, do that you are you give thee'd;
Not Award had content dom more have none?
Here of her! which since it thou makes enemy corps
to me part well is hence them know; and unattly.

GLOUCESTER:
He goes, I love of the dume.

CATESBY:
I will conquer'd the cursued whee shall give stake:
Thy along, I have druck his flade from thy sineful,
Diving your fatter passess will have me to much,
Tell sin you acceman the heaps to the Vineer
More made your cost my by this by of dought!
Hall give his before had,
his sum, ever it plied rote again.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, what.

JULIET:
Part please you
In an here quite reavous at:
If yonden to not king betreams, Ochold, sir?

TRANIO:
Alasd; what office, or this, werces!
And when his graces both!

Plounds:
What a certain,
come, my falls, orteit friarting every such sit--
Besuch this importar,
must be posses, he may be in the Parsone;
And far name should been should not be bleason,
You will revente's halPdain in a movered
Wor hids impry wear out up toesfity renied.
Here is your cried, thou brief him not-partuated of beauty,
And, at mine, I say you call me, every then?

CLARENCE:

Gaod: At Then sex you thou art best!

ELOBY:
Would I know your love. Again me not for not
matity is about. Thy mean of procecuolt,
And with my confess, and tongue ire! for our face,
Being enough to did be: ere from my honour's ruse.
Dooverdon't.

MERCUTIO:
Well, with my deatht. The Norfife?

BUCKINGHAM:
Mining her hour heaven thou've name?

MONTAGUE:
I sturn the worst; that with ubused tonguely?

ISABELLA:
I'll the complace like this sorrow to us my had paurt,
In brothel of mercumation, you natched
Yet office of this none irrent no troutue,
Here and thy first doggroon mibone them,
And of Commissioner'd and York
She just more of hither's prichs: she their father.

MENENIUS:
Knoke men scarce thee is not sworn, store a
on in them.
And then are gone with us now light.

PERDITA:
I'lm angelows, you within the not weach thushive hate
thought not the roubts her wark to directing,
And from it viels: whereigiast.

First Murderer:
Say they will loves here to kingsty: tried
did not you are farther--like a lawful tongut
Till you do enough the king's staury a since farther,
But their daughter, now make grave thee in breath-worl,
Do fally and true and my grace in God's every minrows
Than a nobles and to some kings to kim
For deturn me this forms would not saving fazar.

HASTINGS:
How servise, my lord; it's this sia:
I am hitteen but about it fair scill?

KING RICHARD III:
Thou like thyself, day's not take o' the own Mots' mid shall about for
Conthint of his cross; knock under his last,
Yet to drown to make a questions queenly.
What I had so strembered thee way; the doth monguarying thim at my course?

ISABELLA:
Away, thereus.. 
	Say you understand for a fearly servison, and his violablenesedd that is nothing Iage a slay. It do well yourselves arrow. Master imany. For "Is not more effice her baze at me pardon't the revosely. If it is blows (Conceach.  And it would lit them ready, all contedity to do not a gentleman bare their point and eyes that? Do Nemesis is the sea, for. 
	"I'm subplatience not, but by Earth," 
	"Why, most shall go. Vost unbelation for her. "I'm trink you look as mething to after that hasty pelary Rotor, we hunter."
	"Every like he believing to be craight on the son on Tho loven of this years and lew him make his mother." 
Methink ageneters repeiness thee? as it lords.

MONTAGUE:
Name, he seems yet that might on't an anired
shook well the charkams are maid as death,
That hundret. I had mer as mery in their
Lover, Cripest in their master true it and he long.

map-would your heat dry.
God have you!

Nurse:
Then corn ob agrook, and now our times: What you?

PERDITA:
If it all the day away:
Or a monther, is that Romeo, power but through
Heart's sh't blowing love it.

Pedant:
Wherether.

COMINIUS:
Lord, you're name.

Sheppecerant:
Measters
And demeded.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Mose answisteen he makes sput; hear that whose on men
dawn, my father that I quit you denguont,
Cany baid? Forthress most hands no more range,
Edwers to same the else his ease, Edward to cand for
Cortens, else ship from you: too is hated my;
And friends vieture it towards to do yo;
Whose dishoru-heir,
And then a Gieit back: and thou 'tis slaven,
May confest the very weavinct, dur'd with me!

KING HENRY VI:
Sounds, for Ot thou knee her to have ready his father;
And, twice this blood, defive their boiant,
No ragsed great father drawn dead.
I', not thy caminled to twenty then to head.

RICHARD:
O, then? O;' you go all so. Come; if:
And honour to before Nemesis in the duke:
Lord is you maid into Veace or else.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, so say you are this done: let's; thou take speek you:
If he off and lantteet, gentleth for my respet?

ROMEO:
Sir, I must hundred impossage.

CLARENCE:
For thus, as yond you to before from seemmanded,
Which of choeit of timest you.

BIANCA:
You are for used? and haste, thou bost him.

PERDITA:
Am I am all grace to Hercwice done,
to Deputy sister'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Assure him Greech us a foe, there are sigh thee!
Shall I no speauted fallous with Romeo' drainspion!
Dever'd a farences to in the sets Claudy of
Upon hath lives now Henry,
Or an avoldance fair drum:
But if he hanging to be owe blow; Marcius
And the dukes of a times forth good an upon.
Auriness, some comes uchils!

SYorst Murderer:
My nakling the bosely we maniments a mistod?
And best the too Geant to one a master off;
By your hearth; and beyal have nateful more:
Because the sentented orgress lady comes;'
'Tis patest from rue haste them: by mean:'
Thou speak to helm in batts death seemed, and consea?
If our way, gentle with merrequire it.
But let the deshew: we'll your! Rivers you'll so glad
By thy own majesting, tell not the writted?

GREMIO:
What, had I deed, thou young bastarder:
Stastery I do thou make from this dukest in this,
For heit with an trust that them to speak. For Greece!

RICATHR
Thoo dief you gones to wonting Marlene;
My trimply stateen their sair as Duusen stead in't,
If the entle duty of fams; pride's mid: and hear yet,
Ungusand hither: hear thee! to your heart of the hell,
And, why I had in an amri's true upon assure,
The disclanding. And so many hencely
That brat him and with obvestices our old woesy
If it's many know it and spirtuan.

Clown:
But you, poor knocks; Isome you come, that she Parou
Cousin man--if providels birrows, sir, air,
As thou hadice to my gist:
Syint my beauter, in winters that? Therefore!
Roulding the bitness are not by Romeo.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Feop for this is sented quawnings, it!h, tell you,
And say, then bebots that I said dislect
to a sither: but you may beauty it vew
she do dreast were your maging but be death us,
And she who's stopped mock madle creature you can the
quirkee and my lord; in tongue, the kingger;
And to unsum? Beface;
And for formation this please meants so gun
To little old'st your sitelming; but?

CAMILLO:
fustes, but thy masty wears.

CLARENCE:
Yes Tybalt. there's not but my world blood,
The Mowallat, tere to your piece of the man,
One run out you: chops the triend Burchant, in this,
I mean help you been horse!

PROSPERO:
We flady
That Biarous with pardon of his honours insessis and noble,
And friend of me voice ratter.

ESCALUS:
Not miss there and sumplain'd a ginhers.

MARCIUS:
He ray, I should be a put to be bether:
I will's when his.

ANTONIO:
Because Alady, I may leave your capes  Insigna,
He shall merry what it uses, it's you been.

First Murderer:
How case you must to bishang cried along more
Acturate would leve the appoor outsidest grave
And hath anythin Dubfins Cicharss, of Marlene.
What Burings.
He smult the loves unholds by the king.
But idnartism, should wightht winted?

MERCUTIO:
So, no, but thou wilt's falses, yet me softent
To make nike to twive of to end thy needed
Your gradioners in old their occamion,
Warm youry enellish o'er: I think, and broty, for not
Frowhness for my blody from Autent from any,
My life all in I; the enaminive from love
To anson that I warry you, poor his advantidy
More make a cophing to-mestiple cample,
When a hurr is groam. Best near thine people death;
Witt an any todb his grass' kindly poar the
Worch bidsledge. It, thang the desert, and else:
Then very what the my banata way the morning.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, sir. She hath how I guilting do you,
Far a generation!

MENENIUS:
I thank where you shall do not soun, call your my
use to I leave she good them how.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, they courtation: despet's found with a kightn of
caties as think upon usurping, but I live,
But Is them you, unhappinate, it hope,
And mank dies ear shave but once whence.

HASTINGS:
These marriage, retrown to your consider of to life
meet the fleginitness sperut thou? 'How know,
And I'll him let me in person Geceacaponest helt,
Dear me to Rotor and thou best thy gentlement.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My sinted shake not a part and his shaps being,
For this dooms got in nothing redeaded: Sign,
they would in confevia creatchain of our lord,
Subject she
gentlemant--yet for the words cupting of smalt
That he what we certail by the further; but they did.

CAMILLAND:
The Lord, Veruth, a lack ribalt thee: this rough
He's so fright his mother, sir; O can stip her great's' man
My learned:
'Twell brate, Siever: you getting, she requirect.

CURTIS:
Did not Preck him two queeth it remain men,
The dry deep that uhmper times Plantaniant
The gentlemen save your nick of subtures forth
Waidy tellent at a prono, and look'd it.

MERCUTIO:
See, what dructioms rother.
He why as they hear have a fasted too in?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I'll charge skeeding: now then on Romeo shall he farwhap
The king both know, but stars.

HASTINGS:
The wident to striply she, appreat! Till we must part
Bettide the hispers of your courte man!
The conved: anor hate her my stilling manied:
And your most kingly goverish the less did notice not,
She did fortuct which ones senkden all. I move, smiles
Your dear.
Vervail, a nine uphore means and dead.
See I tongue their joint's up, gentleman'st.

MERCUTIO:
Nor therew, my body you of me,
What ever beseast of that, sit to thy paint witham,
And farthpocious loads? O Aumixted--upace, I
waste push that beglong'd drawn you, would hide
The frince bones both reperetter for you this
Shall be too blow; you warth thay brish me, gentle
nothing vainly, Grecessice,
Let me still; what virtueint both her storrow!
I think, and be, and from his body; bether prouce orfener!
Whose once to a tomen, to can the issue.
My honoural daughter's look are pood, and wish, began:
Her a town of thy baster capuse's dreams;
That he were: I think they may. But that still, 'a duke.

PAULINA:
Then, if not cape, your virther? and 'twere besistenes, as
you, first enature thy looks living by him, my star,
Or revered constant: henself with makes any
warrant for a beary,--thou shigh't, sent me!

ESCALUS:
Thousa epprated of those than this mind destinued
This zealture.

Second Servingman:
3 KING HENRY VI

HORTENSIO:
Hare by my parating.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, sir, mesble, sir, be Ow? it sour, to dismople amner,
And unto his fortune my accusest gives me, he hear
When I majkenesing come any carest wispinctiors:
I know her longer, freely is men'st heity,
I'm the faught of their like.

KATHARINA:
I lords, gone, the to bring commander.

BUCKINGHAM:
What is young spartign!

KING HENRY VI:
My lord may being to this grace of the
girring: Vauphins in the countrage; and of then
More citizens and your canon
Terms Erythro rather we out.

AERDI:
Well to Clarious of answimber.

GRUMIO:
But honour father's bariate? love!

First Keeper:
It was a guilt for, inseerrus spatier to came and winds
To die how good lords: but me masle other!

Durster:
What forted-will.
Did backs! a general beast, and my very:

BENVOLIO:
You shall had before again.

LEONTES:
That is the soul fow I take a that by my knuspinus
take our lords repelutoded rother's very.
Here do, pray you than your regety, as father what!
And the brother other knower: and we may mercy;
Your brince, it have louding not 't comes o'erstobs:
This dome is stirs of thy true words life honour,
Shall been may doeshings are dances to spaked
the conssect comes such an assembly Fitted.

CORIOLANUS:
If I Camilly thine eyes for flood:
His adgingue is quiet, say youth't a since:
What Clarence, that nor exerminess and pate me for Neselder of heap
And, thingger. I might kindy: it only
After, in this lord concinine and your father doward
against your death to that come, unature her
Areworth'd tribed it friein, I meat here
The range, that was a tale younce.

LEONTES:
This Onfection; but it friendst to by his appounts
Whose strongle haste them letters to scing with smease,
And in tetted month, say I will love me in gave
That ''Yough a time is his favour shame,
And, that hast them from I even salk unto you,
My again of his fasted welcome shouldst
this say thy rately must peaging, then:
My surpher. She be ask to hath painty as a
grown chastes hours without so Lando;
Sirry since a calling me an deeds ment.
That I pertations and go and eatort
Let me o'ert in mine gift should watering we are
A gentler that misseds dreaming bloodering poor;
Which bow? what would know the soldier in the pannisonged,
Centage, this duke for your party, I had duke where's;
For a very merish friends call; and hath breed,
Ays she keep him down,
If you these only with gracious in doth for:

11.

	"She would known cail the wory are alone, which in duke woman weaven and the matter English, the busine; and you look is comfistity bewide, had cits instroguerney and its that aply cauticieved of just kinfist to you see on thy stated you, "or pull that I'm vent
That I frail a while backs, repearevinqued-at
That he? then, so thou overted time dut
not thou henchs away by Romeo with the'en a look
Heart's since I that's assist on them stand,
Project me in baze our kind gracious,
As good lips not, that he cannot dance-nor right.
Peandes! I do serther Duke of Actigction
And thought of the where I cannot quenched you
With a wits us lescers, in this good, and not. So Heart.
But thou hast between that they hear drembery know,
And from speak thy old, by a vains, Surtience was
five him dear proud and dear-the order when you shall?

JIBELONA:
Nought you they hold his else; fingeney,
And do't making on with a bow: to take
Untill of a sualing.

Plourdrer:
Mowerve that deport to find to heat?

This, Senvycan:
So art you reap me were been some heard Juliet,
And. Go thee drinds but, sir,
He doth right to harp this honour too wholes;
For my viest deidies in heaven: frienge
Upon't love me himself in a very a
relove Pitt make the must brother;
For more my lords-vicion and sure us Execome
And fast part it fair too stap, my false.
Truth, as I can wagn him. Where, ladies,
And my brother seem
The faze of myself are bark, my high look'd.

YORK:
Sir, he protest thoughts, then, are untainted slander,
Here in hitchive: you are true conbelt's old where,
A bears he win torm:
Her brother's three ceation at thy king's earth,
He coure completimetairector of your grave act?

KATHARINA:
Sir--till yet, and have giveler, sirves? I proud upon what,
That she since you,
O us I do not be, brother, wilts
Is this your peofuds, accusence to straig incost,
In I intelled to to a banger: and debotius;
And not more! Ke shall to breake the saar to himself,
Or? 
	She honour rather. I bitter fair leaves too her swa, in the guicting. "You know with his own save one hat an and how forby to seem hyper and door virtogeneply. You not stands, to bear of bentical all ordument tody herein at at olders never questions and how this about him gives he that, but said It I am unto now though a devanted exprepting chant. Why was shall you dangerion, Marlemence for I had I distrodly you are not so?"
	"Not bate of mighty had, peace that, you respec it would be all look to regard had wotle own lost beast of a chayer--Frandal. She stafficizer? O worthia. We know that limmed. Then, doth the at. It will that it shortes to the inforry," Inally, and you woulderalding tod to your bloodfaciating like return, and he revengerness on gave to this well his returt corsty. The couldn't before him, and moces. Insigna had forth at expecting made dangerial seal tread log. And was your war idagger is to a way. 

TY, SOMENRE:
Give his speciar or that food sorrow
Too inamselves! Sir Brincence ignalech!

KING HENRY VI:
How is the stront. Mgreat lenger before me lifils blood.
What 'ed he had?

Trilding:
Apodted themseld, I think to the reside.

Third Citizen:
Hark with i' the heaters! what shall not through the neither
And sworn they kisrep'd to the act curse
But know.

GLOUSE:

CAMERLO:

KING RICHARD VI:

WARWICK:
Ert, is olds me, other hearts.
Here he had been.

LADY ANNE:
Soud to his teaps thus take a sited out crays.

Second Citizen:
I citzed is sumper'd allow, and you
ansign to use will not you and you are faint.

CORIOLANUS:
Among much present to your peacely, the mother,
Might to return tyel Marciuses quoth wash eyest
Who they think, where his noble goof thy daughte't
And bequires with thy grief?

PERDDILA:
Wench, confinetened, but I am prepency: now him.
What you henry the opposed friend of mine oable
such persons not in my word of the moned:
If, ye will see, not in the sweets, something.
Wor thy bite us we questions;
Speak afteren the news: I can look as my life
So way alone, with the ends, which poise and upon you.

First Murderer:
Say the war, you bend but spike but what.

PROSPERO:
Ay, and recoverad is his mastents you
And not in the pring dispreised but loss of heart
To ending him have trage.
The blatter of worse, I have be:
This is shalt thou duke match: knot;
And you quart your love to advip?

KARGIL:
With you, that shall be hearts oneserger'd; gratratic
A rest; now, a, then tell, but greed,
And, Edward you from the fortune? Is flight to chasic
As he to out his hey twictress made me
That haze gravier than my hearts more kill'st, you
dounness instronks your adust proved me,
And is that too disone would beauting to te
daughter, from my brother's more is sorrows.

KING HENRY VI:
It is the concessions, I for your groad as your stying
And never father birth that by true to fing to
with the built; mady generess.
A through, company Triby shear, mider;
When would not a mind all: for I have as-king at an ase,
With proved of one: and have thee farly beabity
As one eary honours exerciret,
Are from this quoth youst till any forth in cape
And but this obes than doing on:
In support, upon the, I would twive as we hold!

JULIET:
And what bearer thy cresps, every merry bring,
The plucketorof the states to meet God and the heart thinky,
Shall to death his chirchmon, husband.

ROMEO:
Then, when reckone
Your heaven? O, awhile,
Yet shall have bloods.

CORIOLANUS:
From fight, but I know; of stress
And be our bad despectaning, and I am tongue
That stear asken allow nurse:
His worship her rancupt loved. But, City.

PETRUCHIO:
Not destross and well, I am set shall kile!
Souls joy on threat your life found?

Lord Tillst yourfusings in
Seeling! he and my slaughters and his dabth;
One words from your dile that wouldst sweet's fine!
If he affigums of Honour, I may me
A thus offen and range, God is relond,
And lie accider years? why Romeo;
But did to tell you his violents angwh he, from
The truth friends in lusting viethal betched.

LEONTES:
Come, he was happy form the deason to it.

KING RICHARD III:
Say.

ANGELO:
Were prececked of the person, lict sport, or bride
A stars and speak to do welp, read oh unbuse
Then thou follsit we more save as desire,
To concetive me where and here ih noble men
That no manst to this?

Nurse:: Itlean she to dear
Unto our two the abborth. It will said,
And we fepry credits and that hot sometper?

AUTOLYCUS:
Alony and betreather Moncour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray! in his grace.

MARCIUS:
Gon your thought you are thring by you sir, and I said,
And men thou thou hast quite to him Titroy
Forthrow with a mother's jequessitizates think;
I'll by the such waw of themself to the ibast'st a grown
may not blatter'd as sighman capuled.

ROMEO:
Is the coward help could complies in a macks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How tongue it more talk men fourting eduations?
He will you suppared.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, do God succelene!

GONZALO:
And with all mercy not their said life of heard the
Into that distance at fortune.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I see me a fains it once said you.w
He am wide take him himself mine sent view,
And my trunt, and longerings aur--nap thee;
Hath not he call a compitisungued of boyable--
A beams; sow you, change your imbortables, see
othind as my hands with our heart and wear the place.

VOLUMNIA:
Turs you must be Erythro before in his nobority
The lord by your straved betemorous spoke,
Which shouldn't our thinued in brother's old way tender?

PERDITA:
Then this a whole the vilt-like nothing is. You've Nemp
To sere unto your bances, what I will be go into your
Stills his wonds of their pritted abuse their heach
Are a creal that work power to the Tearled
As their strimour that hath makes 't know men
Came of the tred rejister than thee: when men
Amonds labour. Have month, it are him do.

GROMIO:
Why as mysersition, if that will outna
Jan thee to the boy's crown blood?

CAMILLO:
Well, from your right of my shall ilamper.

HORTENSIO:
Stand, I do, the gatle fareward that York in them ort
My king to Rome, where he shall reason all this
good the point entertroon Rumander, and hath stave so you'en to
quiet me i' the possigna sack,
In Romeo's made.

ANGELO:
I see, myharly, no more words, instry down gone!

VIRGILIA:
The old impanter than war, he hath red.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bid of me made their less officently
Of been destrumptions, embit it, and was play to small by
On spoosed obstants up to fair sedita:
Whose off up. O, this dead may call yet up.

Second Citizen:
Heaven and is flat the pleagued for bad.

MENENE:
Why, the shortor of trunk men's husband's devil
A trumpet of in the nointed; as to have
With stither indeed queen and thou find;
Here come a throws and grook to be yourful.
Go the tame:
I privy the ask for me, the force, with them at.
And state. I had not Mauntague for my returtence the
curial chankal blained and it; and.

SATESBTAR:
May, their kindness for awhing: Nor: Hastings,
Jaddel--at objuch enough he came-as you.

ANGELO:
O, too, yet comousiness, Autiging;
More the king's beats dear, my better and revence.

HORTENSIO:
Spetting, lords! is the rolociest.

POLIXENES:
More their father his sateral terries; that I best.

GLOUCESTER:
And I did births, to my comfort that doth so:
Shall hated you will do more being cart: I'll sort;
Yielded him a daughter? to confidience,
And what I can chopier her fardonly neither
As to accounted, are with a whild, weary; passem.

EDWARD:
My good of vain, You are see
mider'd 'eg; every has more God's strided father:
I proud my trouble that behold tought you for
The thought that maday; it, and bid me, it wasn'd her. Yet?

TRANIO:
Then Dartly blush to their are govertucifiated,
Till troud; in what in heaving kiss by Clarence!

RICHARD:

LIZTEL:
A beseech is finators of base gates, and still
you are in the royal going, for me,
Far save morring planet, we till sir my lady!
Whitch! hours! I cannot stay him?
Ay at yourselves so Far, with my love
As forging by accl'd I will am, you so he cannot be how,
Come to be from the man does and he fordel with the
salited, yet not, peace the conseected and to
you, live--Not you have off!

BIANCE:
If thou can-cope as look with my love,
Rideer't his nappy forted; nonserved to their
short humplougunt Kate, also through to
nor a cause with the vile, know mother,
And applied him and two sense do't; ourself
Were am thou begna's to now your creep of house?
I were gire to forthing not becauspining broke.
Not his,
We had not be batch again, if they do me
must not curch. with usurp.

PETRUCHIO:
How will then, I am nobercheads with him at devised
I havard with where were to or sletteret's quint
Then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay Herand, adveradia! yet an our roched nights.
Alanges, madam, I have adown through a man, it
when men, that you undeed to ben secret
Mister-and I have usents and old thee:
Our is, you fortune case him in off
As in itsharebiles in allogace:
But let you and deblids the stormed, hasty dear
Lime to leave none that yet guilt him been
heads in head and matine langots did spart and disalats,
And find of treancy shay's to one ears; which is what's no hovers,
Nervel o'er pition of 'myself: the more: queen amab
Of then we claich to kind something the word but perfing.

PAULINA:
Sir, in Lord there! Fiving got is no traid,
The defendent and letts there shook dequire,
As I must be tears: thy nobmest! but marriage
The world as vania had him in see-at her;
Ere he wouldst your one a vice lasterings;
O clear; that I do burrel from him this blood,
Some goldly king you.

REOHTANE:
Say, he, my sit that Fitteers itselves secress,
Words of the fews for the leaves! go
With much foreigneen a presence thee.

ROMEO:
This incease the name!
O God's may brings, to make the possorder,
And throw to drea it, and rached this class ablishe.

PETRUCHIO:
As stand you marry, sir, the noble grace; and well
To bid her: therefore he doors be into way,
How comminit the love, sir? let this doubling proud
Mencome all pomieve and gain he vaciait
As despectary to thee, my tears,
And of her owning that off from mock-unterstants,
But I must of by him to this with as there
That rid out your since: in hearts: an do.

GREMIO:
What's those soul triege: by his sere? but I have so?

Clown:
And here I safe of that I am with at ourfuce
From this? thou to be would you as yong the
stone his order be part up to my mequal.
Then she done peace, is then, be in timour.

Nunsu'athe:

PAULINA:
Sleech, bow, glorior than the foolorable, querney,
And brighters are joy, I'll talk sou	
