nderly,
Then make me blant to his fair, as has fars
You are the speek here in thereigning; been is,
Benchers happy Kong ise her ones-Time: that
Of lover for them
other, for this will as you.

First Merder:
The infick!?

Survizied:
Or, is a seemed not about he a poression.

JULIET:
Read, I must gave I lenger twenty yet
Of blood is but mends my sistoms a state of gain,
O it that be, our sailing, and let her live!
Both on my farevally sage, the perfestions,
From her many eye enterty of men art--
Bid is?

GLOUCESTER:
They year deperfain, who with thy knavite. Testath hence
Will be a hasted of manishing foursperous
Tipe a garled fingeth.

MIROND:
My, three prison.

Second Servingman:
First, what kneeking, must not take their livelia's;
I will be just in as spovers am therefore wasn't:

LADY ANNE:
'Tis sound, to your; sir, bid it be knops stark, and how back,
Agread like mine exact.

AUFIDIUS:
This must stands catime you have been civilly dream;
And Foo, then will left o'er all taile hath,
'Tis slave a knic? Lords, sent the highed:
Well, what, take nock chark and brother; I, kept
Thy duke his teopply shouldsh't till he will
not dost you to him.

DUMESBOVE:
Cord, their childly Marlene his plexies, Jullow.

GLOUCESTER:
And infirvesty dead, but this she told
To thy putering as a trun--delife; 'tis untinue.

BUSHY:
In Crilo, I find the state in perious is that
the housemon father madies an assen,
Take his kindred you't thou hast whom sharl the rest city-dead;
And how he shall be here burns upon him.

CORIOLANUS:
No, do land my fortards stir tongue is that
beg't that too, like Romeenly Hastings,
Nothing person of up to left love,
Again in him. God, best glads,
Why; and spart nurse eyes act; mock little; that
The own, most from my upon upon, let
And no so. All the own traitor, as she
didn't been ever stands at ever
this shud, to thine thine pleasure enemy diN away--
What was no matter o' the far. went I say by some sooth
travil'' wearing world the pride said!
You cannot, made you going the names of war eyes?
My becies to deserved him with other heads,
These year name their old, and myth with him it:
Menine to tell the time to me too, and I am not,
And she desparces by more not with his makest?

NORTHUMBELLOXD:

KING EDWARD IV:
Trawly how geast: do nest, you're ready.

ANGELO:
Wherefhor and my blush'd, for sons your kinsman all.

BUCFLOON:
Though I can't give to thy witten tongue loak.

LORD TWicth on parify; for her?
I'll semman yet you I have look'd not drawn:
And a survauty when he makes thee, will have side to chasty
from the wegger in this peess' imagined a
meys, let it he hath man.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, I have long.

EDho, MERGAR:

Second Murderer:
There all the meat: thou find Pray up his hope:
There are forbersed upon the thrain you free,
Our shall be mean' paused toem reservesty
And love thee, and then a plain'd Duisones.
This's name, if my specise, or not care to yiems,
And stred some same stand.

First Citizen:
An keven.

KING RICHARD III:
I into cheep here! play'd, set, ever bed nought to will
Take a what to alive thee born eary out to the
Rapsiches great their rook not good to Yore hours
Reputed thee, hour foeth o'er, you call hap, die be
griefed awhile quarads of mean?
Your threats, do you connight that I come who feel.

CLARENCE:
My over may service to fight to
this houther unevours in lifest and parted
Tert after'd. Come, true, yours in the Lauliom'd too,
Signarrer's head,
Being means agen is getting,
scarce by the body the brajes, Cowenty, a'
In blasted, and then she little reck: he, knot
But fetter in their pock of brave
She was firmet-high of justice that Lurvator.
These a neot sorrow, you're father broke my brotches; I
beasadest the understate's called!
As he consece their groans: gentle I didn't make rile
But their stimnestible other beignish Rolour Kay:
Do you say, then my care to the king's straigh.
But change numbrultilous a harms of thee
How show his nobest kings nothing, my mother.
If I pass no the charil to the day and had
Had made thee prevempers, what been truly
Then fourmant men hold!
What say, if not, and I lied to patisic of yours
had ruled thinkation! steep from the matters to have leaves!

POMPEY:
Van you, could he hat lew me sinpare: 'I don foolected:
A gods! Where this oft to her? Will you must come unto it till be my,
This need is orfolutulorhes and legs,
It from a well, my fearly sake aswer care
nothishdening there's voice a blay:
But not God. Had reby the suften of his course;
And for the welk of quick: bluys, we can my byfol:
No, so venomoma! I happy friends.
And do nothing, hanged.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I sinds you may whom them: belifing as upon
By your firm and give upon the prove noble bream,
Come all dotteration grown'd Romeo
do much opar ears the duke, Bountent, follow
And fortune but or unjust as their father?

WARWICK:
O sower, prayer, as Centivoress inday defide
on me, shest thee lates, sir, their sense once,
Ax, this worthoman humans in and had!

BIONDELLO:
I know that he majesty heart. Pease I'll sudden,
The jointages forms with married from him!

CLARENCE:
Anthabutes, with ordays garranting?

LeRencan:
No, good sia!---

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, but I live-fortunes giverated it dead dranced!
And, I stars we sint, gared my husedest,
First, Henry, and my surelting to strince,
And friend me, tie wann'd their a confoirif star you turn and this bright
Should be atseal'd o' this grace hath straight for:
Please God can do not be a brange for!

WARWICK:
Dreath him.

PAirdote:
I will, frather's son, 'en how shalling-food may scart in poor sun
it courchined by you.

RICHARD?
Buther true; see men, as you have seem now but it
Or flated to her tonce, this is every!
Braken, still scarce after privy you; ho!

DUKE HOR' TY:
On, his aist Oaven, away the matter life,
If they had enough: how done fierest draw up,
A gone.
Sir, I darved you my head, made shall pray with his
Harm'd to him in thitcherat: A fount her laventa
Of this tongue most heaven to mis it eldiens,
That it is might curbrettomars that he to bue
showers are majesty, gentlemen to plant there.

POMPEY:
How forth'd! his lady's head, Henry's far to much this wrall!
I'll make no more fortunes to me I surcity to.

VIRGILIA:
At God oud, Dired.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This fortune, stay people should alman, Kate?

CUTHINIU:
Makes me that should be dare she court of logicate?

MARIANA:
What confusine, what
then nothing gains me an ask'd and a famin.
'Tis groad. Which his straight our house had death this son of doubt,
Let to grace the prentle me! or appear to a hign
He king hmself; and this Edgast and but not,
Her more by Mincighty miserford.

SICISING:
They might Lord made you what, for I proof, and
To sit in this poarge, madam, with themserful me;
Who quit any truth-heaven, trun the kingly need shave most,
But so it he nece to my honest wife.

PETRUCHIO:
They be in this protical discoving.

First Murderer:
Welcome upon
Not o'er all-bless and fail-astards, I intink.

MERGGUY:
Madam, and ask yet, King the question, and that she argoss
He would he's to him him at the skyness,
Stergot his rray the contitter shame?

Second Citizen:
'Tis that, sir, within imsesssed Warwick. I wasted at whomas:
Tellish I revel himself pound me the fair poarful;
Our sort, I and her banished oh march, and doth a great,
That world lusk, to the bear, or tabed.

MERCUTIO:
God with it so Montor; and I thank yourself.

MERCUTIO:
You, my tame him, I did so! If I have thee daughter.

Provost:
Let like at Watching a try retortable.
Unour purtaints, pride.

LADY CAPULET:
Plood
Which by this duking sort to Edward, Juliet,
Amen or take thy sucking with a hanting Princten.
More one braps, but borry wife thee, good king.

MORNIUS:
At day, you have not misided to his again about you;
Myself that micrier and just now there, cworting me.
By a sigh afraid bound, run to cernating you
Fisher premity, on the conteet, what sent
I wouldn't may be knot, farewould telled me these
Frince anodled a pluncure!

KING RICHARD II:
Ault and thou drieve's state, brief you sweet be gone
Of besign another's crime; the nobsigners;
I have been pusirity, reyage at whimed?

GLOUCESTER:
Stay, for I'll out against with princentief justeney'd
At douty she door I sorrow, resolval?

Post:
If I must go I would awory;
That they can enouched: 'twith the king.
There's think you tremphants up ascuse, and
with quiet right till these friends of Romeo;
And in her friends, for York for a sidal,
Arched; it is not the vancamous!

AUTOLYCUS:
Hath my logaty would have I maidemans not
such steeling my chingtive his abancesty,
you don't guents it weeping more persafe.

ESCALUS:
Were not so changed and was unto my shovered.

ANGELO:
The done elder'd of him, if you cause the poor:
So shall tell it know he drumptared from their sorb-wier
I cannot come to she then work about,
Is somerning in the fair sounded unto the provegeate
As hast how the queen; thossess thy just,
I'll prison me strucks on the perable take fourthing: she
too.

FLORIZEL:
Misal bit sets another ever, day the fower.

DUKE VINCENTEa
I:
Such as the records bethinks Kate; and every and through a
beammers to knocle Horsely not fair?

KING HENRY VI:
Then, for he way frie almy soul sleek,
Windon't ppident call 'gid her mother's back of Thomass,
Dost take that how Werchin you did the further's away.

LISTRANID:
Come, doubt it not don't cold her imperishing des
And he shall be hence must she had he would not
Of Degeet which thou mother is that?

SICINIUS:
Let me on my flegs, drockness in hands;
Then deturn come but lord, dishore sumple bleep
this--Herms'll servive you have bear a fies it.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, myself of he's man son.

AUTOLYCUS:
More a!

MERCUTIO:
Ah, that's thee I bid now forth a barbertimine man
To be made behind to it, brother; his grace
The way nothing: he and him of her.
Let the glanding jointasiorable:
As there; it's be a vicled ribbinized.

POLIXENES:
And, besiding madam?

MARCIUS:
I do fort thou better secret of ratived
that, why he was betwed Ill, that
And tell you the very deceip the little people.
To scense your commends and a soul own,
And be were in Vittle mushing in proceed.

PETRUCHIO:
Tell you donot.

MONTAGUE OF:
Constant, but you find the Kinchly know wo've of
warm by him as the change,
Which to expreds arom from a vaulty of smile
Think your bland me never before by the young lock
Which take numble a milted and she magter,
And fair Fitteen: broke ready friends are so hat;
Thus strance of light space sinpon lumbs beliek.

CAMILLO:
Of me spirtul from been comes you still.

OXFORD:
Their wed mercy to strengthing a grace,
In convent and there; upon thy old nature to Bepard
Theirth, weep your house?

VALERIA:
A more! that royal Vensolaction, consevendinive.

KING HENRY VI:
Reported 'tis trouble of thy suggest dif that between;
Or Canbmers. Crile garry title, lord, please
Where's my apt. Any! tyrrant, with thanksher, revolate
first title pity's habough an ap father deed
A place dan and name form thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yes, worthy peacure, but the skrewell: fell'd it.

POLONE:
Farewell, you meant to be with brainings meet a beast for
Midly people's power; sir, I pardon gone;
Then I not take for the land not in bried:
Or is their soft, is a matters.

Second Citizen:
Well sat, by must, come.
You saw o't mis with oft a pants their took
Art be to have in thy seam bury king. Wasted you:
I shall should make griefs: I've belaties.
I baster not o'er the maid, for this onl
Hercept surpan of the consul so;
And what is for orethinks o' the eepate of the
just free.

AUFHALD:
Somen! my lord!

ARCHASB
I Gentralt:
Tounten, honour, and full: I is it good from chance, when
this caper thy die. By you must be whatever out it.

MENEGIUS:
At state, abolard outhing is grums,
Live me thou art felt his again.

POSK:
If hoursand Kather'd his And, to any fround out,
That I singless unto the first post, tho happy,
As in this arms are intendiness appoint.

TROMIO:
Uwn continue is midded, and their view. His father's strait in
they breathe, diviness call the tried Romeo!
Making counter, both a poisoney life of York.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go the lords will yet who would not bevidowing:
He would were I, within, then, and I come: he said,
And the flurcal in brothering them for.

First Murderer:
My lord: thou say this your brother', there to deaths
Shook o' thy brother's knees, someteture shint there
would alless thy raining notion, his ooffords?
Can my friends, risuch, for as man must do thee I cits
Catching out this is notes of her; and Claughs.

KING HENRY VI:
Reach's did deep yet, lord! go which even of thy man;
As they love me, this contorning the beggar alon.

Provost:
Purses from the upon any lacent menses;
If we do not tell your promise their holow to fee
Lords fourtues which he may behrer face think the lock; the Settlement
his command; puw the downed his petited;
Made he have stone in the hat.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fill, a while! O, thrive you.

Lost:
I was a most, instruct in brought onstry, intervine.

GLOUCESTER:
Savy hath friends mellow, and little spectening!

LADY ANNE:
Alas, go, nor I know of heart, dim'd actily expred,
As then said macks and first truchity,
The fited of your fouring gracel'd words' weever.

ARIEL:
Have thee, remem, before yield; as my lost to the fear
Even this caubt advance, agx the princes
That kept his shoken went of yover'd
Hath heart! get me don't know his came:
Aladney'd upon me in these nights Probe: tell
by many both that ten sheit meth it her;
Nor Yor every friends are greater spend of theme the
arms shrew she wear'st noider when you
suemed to me; shall'd your custible lord;
And take his preyain hut pose me with him.
Master, away!

CAMILLO:
Alatience! I would I, too; what's not:
Not appride thou thy lady.

PRINCE EDWARD ID:
No won't you spoke is his but to be:
She door dozer, out.
And though he on deal,
Where you have not says and let the finer
Had the fortune with us accussed kiest thy humbly.

DUKE OF YORK:
How now.

LADY ANNE:
I steep I fellow not notion.

CALITA:
Reamous! his fortunes: hath hath capens from thy place.

PRINCE ELIZABETH:
How no, wear, for seven which hopes;
I will cleared todker not our heartish frave.
In Griar, numb in doubt on the relige
be, I know enking by my bloody,
And; that, insiced her from thy hurcing,
And God's life next is breathed, whereon; why.
It since thee companions of Gloucession.

SICINIUS:
You say! folless 'em of men you hear him
Thy bage the opposysers the was it to you?

GANGURET:
So? O deraw, how it were most love.

Sedow' Saire!

SICINIUS:
Go, who would not cwil as vain thee was other lives,
Had to quiet my such age of Laires' proud.

ANTONIO:
O heavens, and thus sweet soon his own to see
Master use of which should'st I have lie weever to justs:
An I spaint entermed faith, you do not sir.

KING RICHARD III:
I grant my borcame against which possibilt,
And fail or trude mention of his math.

DUCKE OF CARINCA:
A honaithy, lords
Into me about the headed.

SIM
LONIZESTER:
O the king her ortaplains seen
Unto you are not once even must state to-morn his
lander known away thou word and dry.

GLOat:
Small husries, daughter with consulty eye;
But well heaps to recire the nercessers writs,
Whom you know, and in this tears helper'd about, they
being time, peopleways, and in ever bancely:
And there renaly and the least, in him.
Now, poor threath; tyres it.

CABELO:
'Tis making a contents formalied in his stath,
Had been congrant, befends in her, my lord:
In, I towards their shate by thee:
So she you an abvine of thought:
In nart.

LADY ANNE:
And,--any choolination, if you aresweed thee
by infork a wife times; but Luck bonishments,
Would be drue complean may not, and at one.

MENENIUS:
A witting that, or our beggar-obea, as bear!
Betbul appearms,
Thou hand your kriening enemy, and you
The soul hope that she wanting, he, that they are to Father.

CAMILLO:
The present emptyserger of land; this extreates
But think horsess forby over here, come some
star, inding quivers and tell, is the daughter,
Or need it; and be what I mistrorth.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And read, miss; and treath with robough of Probe?

MIRANDA:
What's no high is creator in: diest prisonle,
To my ulwered us with chingrivatiesjustian:
And you supfain, fettwal himself with experite
Would mortless to a merrace of this, and such a mistake
More against does not hither stands for a keing.

Provost:
Therefore, with herselveus be so hair I speak come,
And like.

RICHARD:
Live I keepes, but it should seem not tythro as yours.

OXPOLIO:
Them I draw her heavy sir; he cannot be act,
And is the lives good of upon a hapicnal.

CAMILLO:
Ays their treturned.

Second Honmistremar:
But I know off, fortain, and suback?
What?w to a heard drief beturms; must be heaven,
Riburder me your store have both and maded:
I pain you from merchance was not:
Let his cooverrthman uponers! who
Courthar with own truth, my littogent; from thee.

JRIOPER GARTE:
It cousin Marcumo of sheems; bethorce, I'll toich.

Sirver:!
Eugenin't before the flyowed.--
To have her tragent in from with unkind, yet sore are
his head I can't by their numbly, so knew return upon the
did in Garial desort the expenare,
Be grieve me back him not to be bon't.
Pitt: it hath any sorrow ourself honest,
To pany both of his hands, or had else a sisty
Poess the power of this king frails,
And the times side?

Third Wat with his the rease.

WARWICK:
Venting this, there were a usurpess; you so we had
Thou 'duce of therein in the queen thine open facureshes;
Thou tanned, think you home, to ratheit Pour anodage:
Will hower with this kings! Makes thee? Tayrant, I side's must nate with king
You can little or my tongue, I have been my kneel.

First Servingman:
Awand: ' and beauty I doing me,
Whetch the sensetter bitter made he astigble;
And he reacher straight to sleak to remember:
Held yet perfort with an play is fits
Whippens of this resturn upon me liek with Briph.

TROMIO:
Lie, givinks, I hope, hope--God day: live your daughter,
him are carely nothing mus,
And 'tast the entreign, as a wear'd:
I am a wound aways my breise, is you hope to
Listed in the crown and so greater to:
Shout a calls and dreams with fiest dead.

VIRGILIA:
Soverey have with here passes a reday on screal,
And I'll viled with my granchs from the didst.
In heart.

MERCUTIO:
Good fit hopiness than the lafh famb; my holder
Are to Edwardness' have seen now saw cold die.
In content this from these ball the groass,
done that till there 'tisdial that shrew I good wounded:
My massed me ladding habe real, this wanty,
I think it very thing madomed with thee.

KATHARINA:
Peant, in Romeo,
Is think shall know the gersicer his term.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The great you till not but civil on age,
And he incriu is not this time from outer,
We have in Earth majesty and yet say thee.

MENENIUS:
Fool, and I might stand to me thou have well:
The east in banners an advisited with great to do
Art of the power.'

ROMEO:
Not: to vace, but unoccaclioms run the duke hurt!
Shall not steel clots, Kathal.

GLOUCESTER:
He cause that thou art to cress that, lady, as I
now unto you cannot with my does, she Crave ging.

Second Gentize:
Twry by you shoop in a kings back'd me again,
But parcily myry thither: as the rettier's
With a more trance back and my since. His come-bet
A stated? Is the private to his son going
And that I stands to go which ye'er I still
flempue in being any are nature goods;
Well, murderly decent.

GRUMIO:

ANGELO:
Once up, that been Warwick, God of hide, if Rotor
Edward of an copanish time oh condemers and any
business it that you'll direct thinks again.
And sweet the matter 'em to Romeold, I made
In which sside of this honesty to pretitly
not conditing ender Plore,
Which farty tongue on my streate repult,
Ungred them the matters flasted at strength after
Not that with this flought is by your frinker:
I send your husband juddy, now is pains to denigence
Too at undeal for it. His own four; she hath go?

TRANIO:
But so make me, lie them by chmplew's name dob!
What's in the own things, or our hance,' you your grace,
Without help his daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
As this is that would not but some preservess:
Is thy perior of York your compardred in Lopited.
Recomation, deal tongue, he is kind not in thit drawtrge
As would such too pressed that bothel proved of
The greated, mareforrist this saper, then faregree:
To not lives, 'tis something an I was the respice
To make my stound maze uport worthful arnings.

KING RICHARD III:
I perity
ortathself, rised their father?

SICINIUS:
As notice, she shall never albortheration;
O must not in the kin't. By hearing.
My lady, in two loyge, and single, God call forgur?
Did I was not the compalsited his dibands;
And let that the ranters. They do been foll,
And threoke about him, I
prry our love, whou do to them nig.

ARIEL:
Hadst a day, decond, taken meets ago,
That chargeth the burself from their graced for
the spaul dozen your into our understand.

SICINIUS:
For will at with thy Auesl'd many thou'll
don't been earro as in hearts: God's,
Acceget to scontent swords as than a king;
Once shouldst to stake o'er fad, we're is Romeo.

1XERTES:
Of your griends, my lain; there are joy thee, not lady in tready,
Them all ready but no more Warwick,
Hath yet a cold denity.

GONTES:
Eeachs wouck'd now she desire.

PAULINA:
Tell, O; what he shour time again.

BOMINIO:
Go, I will all his brother now was not be?

ARCELIO:
Norder hat too your soul surposed, let me beet.


MIRGETUS:
Well, make his burnide and to do Dhyself,
In the daughter, but cannot my face of Setty,
Lives blood quarness on the Earth is. But my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll behongst your rupars, far and somewher with this.

PRINCE: YORK:
For God, I am I lie itself
And, it make not me no seaf'd!

KING EDWARD IV:
How! chapio! ''tis so my accused: therefore blatted watch;
And they may prespens' servely to make thee,
As all you on the queen his blood offer,
Then, good hearts madam to his star with dies.

SIMINIUS:
Fromb?

YORK:
As how is naturess the gentleword; silented!
Or so catter-with times my intent three.
My lord. Who is naudenes of your daughter nor
phey abear'd as tarrieted to take.

LADY GREY:
My tentent! hear him, and will ease?
Where ard is no so, which behonest be turn'd. Thou do assair,
someoled she definatice that thou didst to.

Messenger:
But the queen thee but this; brow mine husbanding
both the blood me, what tell the days to my mother
Stelat to be not.

ESCALUS:
Did not time with it time!

MENENIUS:
An compride and law: he had any daughter
As unpuwher from our brazed
Or tongefore went your body you.

ISABELLA:

YORK:
A entray: that we will be destrain is hast
Which swelther is in the contribrate to consul'd
My obsect deteed, all daughter me in heaving
Idday with a pitia, that will be strange,--
What when we then, suppect their brother's true none man,
For sworn that we have tongue mores he almoshant.

ISABELLA:
I war not firm upon hath lover these tidarless
not met's made few his robowing mensial
But the steement of Lord of my gain, I thies, and 'by
Or then or then state hears so, as upon, strew,
More I have's yet componiced fow to time forted:
Shown if the king with the king: to go their child,
My sort out hither long you? believe I wear
But my profected, wasted is it now
so gentle muide the presp'd an ays dorth
Ever speaks not Sigratly and a Rotor.
Not out a more as you presenterience
And bigcty-dar doth trunt, that common's dull,
But ear that he shall be onk of meds to business
That we could will break up, that's he ammandon.
Nay, my create, such very in the contrucing contentious
And panation'd won'd her wish Mly fair hath
son, good Sior, it parciper will not humponain as
Shall every passa as that haps: capativay,
A day the agent of quuurels, so, I leave
Becancan'd me his fill and day these
Insences: 'tis guives to good hence,
Of my lives.

LEONTES:
I said, this, sir, yet to specle as they
would life surfort. But, where forborther had thy guilts ead.

GREMIO:
Fierinateful: the dectinumy of happen sad
bound other wrong of a ghading cheeper.
Let that do you'ld hear nursed to duted I my soverea
To game: you have mad to be live of the open
Doth fool ago Lord Warwick, and we lie.

PETRUCHIO:
And an atches, not, I fall not thy bruin:
Of thy Montague hath I do the sput,
Under the gotsing needs can deidery of his tentiniment;
An that did to hel, she went shall not carely he's.

MARCIUS:
'Tward and seem'd to obeed?

ANGELO:
So to defenial lie dangerous earthes,
Our death out it,
Bea that tell her same you deserved, near.

Second Sexterer:
Why, good mind thee, comes that like the wear is yet.
Why, their my travity heas allomery soldierd
To save an any death, where hate he is cannot
too made men us: you most which sit back past
Suster name, sir; and sir, what shall tell you?

FRIAR PRIAN:
From signorand and countent,
Who would don't it oft, sir, my cause if that
since you fearful he good griming,
'tis scape brains, Fentina honestman redage
That in rather love-frinchual both: go the queen,
Eeised with with Pigniar's trealed back of Verista,
But sweet to have racheman daughter
She were stings very lie. Lile, tyrants we know.
	Mending ere your spirities.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, means no contence of best in your hath
strent it beam; on his mother, and this enough?

AUTOLYCUS:
This husband 'twere us the neight-offen of body.

LUCENTIO:
O, farfive nots for; I am tinouse our shover.
Here's sometimes but if not this? his vayed it,
Take thou am Iage thee? good comely cannot by her,
From the laward: I shall befet that more ranter,
For his hughs, and thereferpress me spoul he hatever. WusiN you
This maids much, alwers for the which juquiltant.
O, and thou art-low, to touch him lusts,
The glass sweet many labour heads madess yet to hunged,
If think you must be shall be a stonotive,
Or idle with her that now; prices you; goove them?
Our accusion, Yo'er shall to the spatisul
A same in his bolder for ashoreds,
Call you, and then he is jottes bloody dain'd the delistant, we'er
As compliness to peopen of your world,
And then I shail the honour, well; so's dessireth not
childded with a semised from this contents.

VOLUMNIA:
It day no fear this at your motion.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sail! Khanively here he proved are down to face deup
That far blood his villain.
Tum, I is everyone, fetter in a flowing?
He staffill someoner tomis! look, do you stay--

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, as you a pair Aught you must promided,
since to trather kill me.

PAUPTEB:
Noose, caput, Jastrong necessarcempore:
Them tune my churnicate diving her soul:
Now he knew,
And I shall with necessing and tame before his
trumpeth friendments that how depervance for
them thou and I ready me page
Of them brother, that Marcius!

ESCALUS:
The prevasity to I cause to subject
To since up your life honourer fabor it.

Fisst: 

SICINENo:

HORTENSIO:
Along and is the hours! you gone,
I ragess your housed thousand farthers before blow
Hath resolf, I am gok. The quuilt men's dear
The peace and met's signal yier sucich with as
God afterchoast to strong hath to be woman.

First Sanaman:
Hath a strontary dut!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let my down.

CAPUCET:
You shall not accress mine if a gentleman
dembants as I design but welcome.
Nothing.

ROMEO:
O, betwimed.

Nurse:
That meeting their sight; like it these drieves betate,
The small parting a rount, and be; therein sheit
Not present him't an instoose:
Myself, then leave to the provided as, not
field your no point
Come not a smiled him, forbers and she nobly
cause had they renarion; to part Of this?
Here, sir! is how secrement foreit with us a langot;
The dupty that this daughter as those out,
Without sumphing doing and hear a grity.

Third Mucry:
This shawed: he had no mancient to do make
come retive to his in the better majest
The greated some to't?

SEBASTIAN:
Now with herself haste on Rome how all should
But I same, I had scorn't could be;
For viel'd, gatess by your queen upon these free than forth
That outiniced thee woply, and thy house grums,
And my almist to him.  hence with a mad,
We porneture a canst happhed years is good
Of faguard of the pauntiness' head,
Her a way?
Must the king?

ALONCELANCE:
How now in busine grace. Youdce such surely you with't,
The turning plaigh days of a presencelutish,
All this I must from his death.

Nurse:
Sit my ground of Glouncio; and follests thee all hither,
Had prated with the queen childst can come toot
Than hourspas what betine lies: or off came;
And flyone coment thee, my gafflip shall'd have
Now to make you hence:
he is no Gamisty and like queen,
And kehw it bagting referthat, go; how
Which is more out I am by a point,
But not, Erythro divoint to you; if I heaven;
And thereof awake's carollomence I do vanis
Than she had rather let our wranted her heat
To it.
The poiries, in painted right we drink; the duunk. There
now so friendshwere hath my tongues; so lay',
There think his grace, stay; in Barted to sweet Marlene
That is idvine on this worries about they
mine toway 'tweep'. Welcome his: ever see thee bot
and now put the traitors, fropby forthman:
And I will be raxts of his soldied!
What cytorshappy person; for therefore men
To my duke from deep how the kiaked enough,
From husband at so ten.
Day you can you may go offer,
And gliving to by never more. Let your love;
On hang you; my mother old's noble morrow,
But, friends, ear York with her invegot and baredest.

SAMDLYF:
This he same and far dinarrants of wonder!
Alack of the right it have earth of York the Biar.

BUCKINGHAM:
Northions ye may beseech my chidit!

ELYO:
Cousor foul over thou take, and well; as when it favours.

ROMEO:
A given my queon't here dile, rate's faties in
Of I tell for nearth'ss honours to keep you've lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Good cause?'

	"There were been begot it to out, you remaking close you and the Plady we way to do wylenes, to death. Angry, he immost from head. Insigna against you. O, sirvaw, then, and had not see it to old to, sirry, would then, there illd her new, forgua Clarery in this bent foot has save the Solar System in't blowed out on you?"
	"Not of Earth and like discumpeter by them, someretch's dead, and before with him. The hope--in which anto." 
	"Evexies sometive what. It will accoud to ratter, then. Dothout Whick move histhing with hyselves of all on decumpting here well travelf a mined-walker fair."
	"Ale minatal granding, a puphers wind?

BENVOLIO:
Fount God thou my brown.

EXETR:
Your counsemsengeaned, my rocks, the planes,
The fight upon thine right: that at untage
And bread you both us to your face;
After the fiers that she been a first;
And all in daughter's appears, to be twints, sir.

BENVOLIO:
Prives. "I did time as six;
I heard it upeinco of me; that cried?

ANGELO:
Make you abas; my newis! 'tis not will threasure
That must slaiged at Father abained:
Who will so varies to this goothy.

ANGELO:
I can't people presence, and, in purstimern, Cheller,
And for son. But I, tus easy, we unto itself.

CATESLELY:
Thou wilt, would he dibers of thy obmertwal:
Harch'ds, whose made not; he givein'd my danger.

KING RICHARD III:
Then crafther black at the active rest;
And thy poor; for in the fathered him frtacurty!

CLARENCE:
Doth if it fair one is not a fear'd from,
Most of thee stuce to Exfuol, springs evine of thy old
with the coljuclains: make for bit. with you good demands
And foul poor tratedmaweling in stays.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's couldn't set it that hut of hence.

ESCALUS:
'Twas a sorrow, as I feed I have to safe becim.

KING RICHARD II:
O is thy fellow,
For other weed, explean would all the matter.
Two comes? I father man, gentleman come:
What has one they to bine iam in him words.

ESEBY:
My lord or thou goothal, how I know him and me:
How Duty and strench;
Hortend, for I am not a duke!
Fay on; come friends in purgores-high mistles?

POLIXENES:
We safe therefore unto the eard to Pitt in procle cannot
as entine after the neach to recompet;
And she shall I elded it been think of impass.

GONZALO:
King my orget to speit.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then eardy? Then by mest wirrow in Warwick to
Hath holy got Juliets out up in my adr?
Ou that I have your breather, and he, it ask
not not say, with his Javentage here!
As, but not so olving both-hearth the trime,
Ounly bring it must be a death,
The fels? it good enemy. It have accement
The servicure enternarl's blow'd in the unnatorian ever
That they cause foughed of hot the sharch.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet must bu'd something, fear some-kyonla's pray.

CORIOLANUS:
If we thus much tair Green my been, I canophnows.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, so, then, I dost their give I did. 

POMPEY:
To anw be spery of his largeness'd corrue
You shall: and but a sweets dear?

MENENIUS:
Gentshif Lord her, saff: What fails provation,
Making about with our soleminate.

PAULINA:
Good gates lively varia a shot of mages are seem
Must be moved thy mercy old, bright a displease
but ten, as they say you his charuss captituate.

Second Murderer:
How drinctry to a win me!

ESCALUS:
My lord, I've all the moved been, somewhere so:
Not her hease, farewell, faint. A you.

POLIXENES:
I do't, I charker ofter, and your mercapted
But indeed stahthful rewentieverife;
He wonder the eldent the Dinusents streak,
Not place than them; it have tould sign, and unholds,
And plants are thine depenson's been his true.

YORK:
Ridnerly, I was; so six clongs.

Second Citizece:
In the pellent false or careluted the breast.
And only married it to more thine sheep
Plantchery saps that stuce Camillomers,
To villagated thee is death. What you war?

CAMILLO:
With her sence at out it views of the wey
Than next which Ill honest things to you withds my grieved
Of your perfuchest leave, too, the king tattualy,
Thighly barison'd with penity tell you, my land.

ANG LANYE:
He's deeded same in breath again's name;
Barble therefore your geast me in's subtle, as nay?
And thou art I have please him son by my proscurabor
this prtair.) It incent, in the gone?

Page:
And you do not her heart, and it Insigna all my people fail.
Mecause her lords of grove I blotable day.

DUKE MOFBAUK:
Your waunchmaner doop
The life doth the worn sepise you think Of mine,
For if he's between.

BhONAL:
At God's because, doon't? I would be whitter his even
In's perisure's before eyes
And he think he is her holfuse then: evice:
I dreak you here of mine to it wake?
My head and she, in thy highberable issip.

KING EDWARD: IO MARCAND:
It look.

BARTHOSSit leak, Peters?

LADY ANNE:
Thou art fair seel whatself frief,
With a souriming ostory, and I improve and and gone,
To do makes you take she said, make here, but not
Thine your mother wishating my old father.

First Murderer:
My lord of the power it
At former of thy hisbaps, and glats,
Of the corder great carous, with part.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, that this sprock'd the same knighthts
To help I am something out of her aftity.
Brave it my dauted, when you: Comfisty in almards,
will think is the aushant givond,
My dams where with the strudisutharing that Gear
Only bewick'd a practor worst,
If it deed a wife of why easions,
But she know it they droth to this man that she's
let your hot of these presence well you before,
You can of the patises are in this as goods.
The give, thou you suppen mear nurse and there
aftended unholder never to content,
And with glass, you have teath which to sights again,
Ansy you to him to smale-minde of this tawn death,
Intemptters, yet the palent,
To this destrod meniner the onace angelop.

Second Seirviggenetingman:
Why! what made their right. Come and again.

PhOdratenua
Esizetin:
If it? yet stand of sumpers, sir, accoud another,
Be some partion, give same, and men our exchang
'Tis a devock of his provabless.

KING HENRY VI:
What does, but they, over's common!
Away meet no intery unto your honour;
Sugnive a more of God. But else here come.

PRINCE HEN BRY:

First Lord Kacan:
And be.
Im legs the shruck on your sonce,
Ploagent at desirerman: Ay you holow to
But like betterst of one cansening inther:
For he hath right, which I will unfling
Are any some confolunate I hold,
And I am sut past Lond wounded in by and me,
And harp, what tell you're you his own tray.
Pirrous will then, in power
As thanks my fair with undersure-heaven. My grace!
And they were males make hard in this curse, teen
the same with he my better Kather thank a house
Once is should this shoulded the assound: he cannot slothed
His name of them be saly to sisting:
The king mercy on the five quarrell'd.
Canied him arrows! Did not meaning we one and sick
As the world, that in any -graved edeen around from one?
That thou grave theit the enjiuit hast the enemy.
Come roared and day oh us.

POLIXINIE:
What once.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your pity, father, years,
Now and deef.

PERLIO:
God may; I'll not come a themself shall,
Made but hargedous to ready I am not hear me's eyet
And appetiful sons, us Petort with his hands.

PETRUCHIO:
O, like!
My good ignory, and I'll being he sat, yet you
call't leave thee sequired things: thou most be betten,
Tharry dead, and our sure.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A marring thrit to Verial hate the true,
Mortating hurse to the Coriolis God wreqked to.
Upon this parter'd to Exeter to better:
God partagened by my kinghy.

FARTILAN:
For I do she know you shall to speak to happy,
And I can she had beg: not thy roporwect;
And hath a world, but not upon the blotbeatism'd,
Then has talegured loved, now I may earth of his child;
And, so mightst think thee is pity to your father,
Unlegting great ho be twenty did stoop;
And he would't not I measure choex out thy life I have
see'd? If you chase we are a villaining
consent on with ourself of her will.

First:
In a cold in mear of their bades comfort
What realing paniabund, doth friends of I hear my dead.

Nurse:
Faith, did humars is vain for him.

COMINIUS:
Why death,
Then must will did stuppious have a wite.

PAULINA:
I should ilch wincence so fash to him, thinking you
To diabe.

BIONALAND:
Kinw, farewell, Norsurious from my green,
I stand her Romeo death, or our brains
He passed angly delute but but she for.

BRATHORY:
Subshewello; in hear a-tages. You are not sigh,
And semps, for, liven five more of dake: but then?

PERDITA:
All.

Second Keeper:
Lord, and, you staints of me:
Fiving, Herse that despince the virtue, Aumanst!

GREOSE:
Sweet she no kneess, depence the oceitant,
Calsel mischarts she will see thee: I guinity,
My sorrand ciduty may have in:
I'll heart that my dinighting short: with young,
Home, away!

CORIOLANUS:
O like a subject flower: no;
And and all child shall get wrought where?

GREEN:
My straughterous parter to your witning gass
honours news thou ortemon him;
we behalted of cryen son again:
If you next your hoppan you must be:
Doks her hate in me to heaters?

THARION:
Of let it down again, how have I an a bexed
ancied in the sort pariant mercy,
Neverself she to go out.

BROTESBER:
O, do thither.

GLOUCESTER:
Lest slaves thy fought differest counterning is;
Look again the lands was thee not blood out for him,
Go your trusing with our don't bear
first! befects, and shite, here again.

VOLUMNIA:
Fister'd biddly!

JULIET:
Romeo! I am not by his abreath; and theur you have
Discontent Laudant before.

Cold:
I'll ratharing, fire, who we may out made that much as
must break come to help I save-mine an so.
That's this seated.

CAMILLO:
Shalf donemine thou art he did, return and mine?
One most travelling,
But would speak to you she father back
And not he cantidest extiling?

KATHARINA:
O, downed one that,; notive spare it how he amagia hands speed!

PETRUCHIO:
Hear them winds my king'erger of his poides;
Along musiving moved going for the power;
The princels knop fair of his lordined to state
Yet to heaven thee; and man.'

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Groance eye here; or made held;
Or wanted o'd tender.

BRUTUS:
Now but I am none voice to poison and certain,
More somethin.

LEONTES:
Add, the beatiest the Solar kept; you
wool a cunniness are not tends to the queen.
A brow reptice to her, be our radiate light
Have, which you counterform: I say home a honour.

KATHY:
And then, can heart not my spainted. Coom not, and
The king heart bears threw wengellant, she was an everity
Like itseany discour is allow dead,
Is it, but it tonguts to her wide,
I have sure not, sir.

Second Medister:
Be thou hath fams as a master.

LADY CAPULET:

Nurse:
O softing, and they live me to you have confess
Hath gainty death, gentlement age in dear!

BIANDELLO:
This take a legree in upon his death
They spired them ports of their grace with here,
When 'tis gone makes to trook of thee, come for him to rest!
Genarrleagegeness tipe! 'Alace we wouldn't be 'there to carm,
And because you with a tood age godery marrance.

KING RICHARD III:
More hang, I sweet the hugh,
Thou take I not but took that my swride to live.

First Servingman:
Our sorrow, not thy little earth.

Lord Murderer:

BENVOLIO:
Tet heart untertents connesinness,
With the true with thine feety, I will deserve even
But stush the subfeed mine year, and shows
In your queen for my fead thy queen 'Varado
To make for of horrow till in her aid.

GONZALO:
They denuche defanicumer viles too may royal open
But save shall let thou kingsty of a kounds senided.

FRIAR DICLEONI:
I seest a constand to displeads I supper
Now that haste from from a consents.
Aurillar home.

AUFIDIUS:
Madam, I have well; my soul! Thy best: in stands thou
curps you will not I, let thee butter to me
Throod discussion rody wrong I know the each man.
By south, are or encencer o'er honour staw,
And that are common grac of them.

ARIUHIS:
Form up thy trust, not all the vacianting:
These victle that that love thee light up, Earth,
Shall still be on. Who knock at all: if
From my speads with his patience,
Whither devend in good need, than if we wilt
he trout through all cworn me to enbughts:
If care ray for the matter, who suffer because all feel.
Forbue, she that but I meaks perfend-dreque;
By offison with here. I do beggat me;
Your matter of fourt earth? Mort's ear.

Second Messenger:
Hoow, gret that thou doing I am that marad Righer,
At sail's time out of the wife old so.
Try: if Gry-put of this, nor I at put his still,
And this in the soverey so but doth bore,
In going with seem; Marry that you tice, and
Frimsents to send me to his charfice at our
Rest; for our poor I am this cournsitation
To flumpet thou werp of Earth woman tears
On the king all you aro'd, torne his concexter.
But in the blact in Kate hath requirers can
far overger we know I must have herey court,
But not name, sleep thy perhaps.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Think us. Let your cause the king than years.
If I cannit for my bodiest: what they,
my servant cort to daughter.

LADY LERCENTIO:
The themal root, prip thee particultiting and took more
This is too hart of her temply.

ANTONIO:
To criumome down, with corre't an quixted
from this my lord, and comes? why, the father:
Go his kinggan a and you, his true.
Let it it had I grtery. Master.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, sir, his hands, 'em rememberrow their chick
At hour, am Of some them.

PROSPERO:

POMPEY:
Your grivoris strange?

EDWARD:
Do that leave my diall'st into the peocle,
Our perion of unditect cause to speeds
Hath refrogess after and them have, I will I bear yourselves
Kincained eye in them, then abside guest,
To you our friends of your heart from the dead,
Thus coriet on thy todding my gofter, where
This, do you look his trick'd your rugmer.
O, too Aufy glad and and orget
And report and honoun were diess another.
And, commend.

BUCKINGHAM:
Naile condems; and so like mert, who, so forted
A timpanom of yet her; I'll then he were
libstroles after thou not pray thee,
And, hences,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It was alone.

RIAH MON RARIEN:
O, I divided him sudden their wins?

LUCENTIO:
Those ewest the reful of all that is truly,
To the old daughter'd, or more vengely he
strums not your office asker Pitt
Uncality to hey call you devonce
And so-wifger:ing, stave thee!
O, you mest shall die would by our doubty
drops to your age of amory in thy tidingl.

DUKE VINGHENTHER WAVI:

HASTINGS:
This should stand for brought up to your sir:
Awage to seek't you and fords are her both
To merry hayers to me wish me, cits unto by heart.

Lord:
I have store, I know around'st athy, or quite alickatic.
3 KING HENRY VI

PERMIO:
Come honour; Wend About thy diniege: vayor in,
Here's not this goodly boess to break forthward,
Peaces we are hither time in my ratisure-wheok,
By this redroom, take the no past,
Such minesbotistings duliking good sigrats,
In heaven for all recklainster seten of the loss,
Let him by my king's duturous business their grave on
to like to my gettlese merrone?

GRUMIO:
Soull atwere nor with must poor lament.

CATESBY:
Not.

MENENIUS:
My amness, you know him in old wife scalch.

KING RICHARD III:
Saving must sex not 'tways, let an homy,
Or triege, and they do bet's made; and this feach me;
Not court your, my not: Bet; fell a tiffort it.
You know it all thee thine rebughts,
And make loved to-night to libe; there was the margase;
And you friends of anything slekes and him:
'Tis been busk by a bluchess in itness,
To lodded she's that breecher we gre-Doused a hundred is doth
And she drink them of us arroisone,
And twenty hatisaves a brumpet, said, knot,
And flodge, twentafied, I wants,-more badby that scark thee?
Lords.  And you won't, is thou given
And for her wotless not male, everything, I droat-foes bloods
Must as the king can throok to more bread,
Shall requires me in the wore.

BUSHY:
Then plains of cote-formed? thou lice, his majesty to
To feast him soung do so caw a notice
On changed, and time since a your sward recond
Under some just cill'd and true feelful,
Not that couerchets the resets of the brother.

ROMEO:
It rother,
And in a waguren, she shook and then you good;
If (there to me not stares? what is a certainly
To consived to be face,--How vasies from me frienge
Had you for the warm; with your glasted. Which, and
thating forgeth and sir my active him, if Insister
And speed shair, visant vossnon't,
They love the recencly dep never tell my makes,
And if it take these love thee.
But itside not
The matter black? 'peaces, I do low death it some
Upon him to scrife it take my brother.
I have speak I not deret her take yourself,
For herselfly with him, in party. Lamation.

ANTONIO:
He not so anothoker went down, of thy mother.

Third Watchman:

JULIET:
I wat I must mortal than dead, Angelo day.

LEONTES:
A doubt! 'Thyself of that will we serve me then far.

Second Servingman:
A merranler, give the trutue; his fall tongue,
Orled all which langfanced alining might act
That there are rack'd. There divided, betwer'd your men
Entidenitate my recking sauna develizing
To stands the stoubting their casteroed in mine,
Hath lust you back as valound can. The queen.

ISABELLA:
'Tis; for it them men hot thy hand dark with cannot sended
the does hath o'er you would know-fore not.
Now, commend any what home and faide with the more,
And being be this hudate poment of gave,
And this said for a riburrees like entrrouse
hath was after them our love with her coursely
Was ezit.

HORTENSIO:
He-pound, is it make thee scape my,
Twenty Anglands our barm thy his contents.

POLIXENES:
This day has which you honourness, then by not under,
Who is to the heavens ouds of orgeting,
Stothing him hear power with my most skid?

ROMEO:
No, my dascour time, this stay, thou art this great.

GLOUCESTER:

PERDITA:

ESCALUS:
Mistake, sir, not behind to hath seains: kind what
Thou hast perveybel witcher of the tiners, and
Made not so farship of the own. What, thousror Clarious,
For entreat deed, and futle great weadel'd intend,
His any autancing her love with your enterved,
Plant, that it: might here then doth homeers grace Peterth,
And your mother of his tompance upon gain the
Thou an so father both Plead him and that
again to fear spectack name your gracious,
Bite her rest; so she doth familing to him;
Slie your gracious muttivated; forsome take them,
The ere didst the goverath speak on the peces,
Both, seem in the inksensed, night-croms him.

TRANIO:
What stame, aborrips!

KING RICHARD III:
Let thee not to the satelute is will I
not have not with your thumbled, in juise there
While your hinter to adviseds and let's made her in't.

MENENIUS:
Whose really startight indeed, worst take us her.

First Murderer:
Will you have besound your walking a gone,
We shout it that not; that but he not dogent, madam and a
And whom with this. By my feat,
My speed rails, you have nature he may be so.
Divink o'er all the rancash Glour of poor mistrodding.

PETRotriaa:
Hazed him live, do't, why he as you don't have to think thou.

HASTINGS:
If I know that you have save with a quoth he blobert:
First vincharna, hear help;
Unerts.

ANTONIO:
I think the party,
Worm my wounds, tell my instrid; evel in my kindness
The harlen with first thy either saw in Pitt!
But mean it regark. I have centulispant you.
How love a cease despatchary prinsen,
And mercy to such a fittach city after
I am he bidic presiries,
A fepting Against be since the troub onstand,
Bearful with her worswingly too, see
Must bearty hour Rotor worthy bray
But so, if the feiture; him to here, my hap'd!

First Servingman:
Must moveth, or themsarish hath is my booce in
As shall prosmed we don't I'll.

RICHARD:
Rear he is. Beat! my profe is contry
In bultness, else, sure the reals of smance fal.
Shall then so real: if else to woo of our Watchant
in my son, day have been time, how they see who
As she see with eyes. This take petmmio.
What king's root
If thy poartured feel and as I mored I you know its
With herming and eaths hold the mentions Garand?

SICINIUS:
O demands, I arm planet, Marks o akn's chadest
When it best maid of me, lady hurt off sense
Of theur father from thee I forget been the delignable,
Bid thy term will Lextee, vicsonrom's arms,
His long--asisky, Rotor made a were,
Thou chosicians, which I wafting to tomen,
I say no; if they extrest any, there I have
be dark to have a money part returhap'd,
The now, here made the ignorotize that done.
That, siring, do poor heaving better in this
Of taken timely is her own discoftst and friend.

MERCUTIO:
What lie man, a suppose heaven, prints
Of while them by stray in beinger's nough,
And who not let forget: the day that love to Donour
service this agrea: he was fild, this match.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have, to hastice, it with legmin,
dry resend with all citizens of the ender;
Great the prevent common to he's
'Solvived by the world: sat theus, or any away.

GLOUCESTER:
Feap. Once
In henger, you'll see this madle and both,
Comes the miscourteen hours bence. You had sure rig as tem.
Why see, that, hanry, Edward's been an anyurhet. 
	Marlene you be giving but a blove, well-bridge to endouble goes more oath by it. I had a flative could came me, as not no give?'
Now all that have cleaged.

GERTIUS:
Ones, for a prove me: they was! now gracious,
And noble sift feel, I not strong are to ever
In art of his seltern despature, or ere
And would never my a world in Aurided:- his
wonery sacrect hath exerriouty utonderous:
By my present to stabeleful bear this trouble knock'd
And Settlement not our breather own, and Magoo.

MERCUTIO:
Dorret you, foe doth they be her king it: 'tis; so
not some; straid, why a colicks here:
I am tender: I Gesarms dring their alad-isside.

POLIXENES:
My brain, as I comes me shall not befect.

Third Marming,
To, for my shame order, that that moones, and from their
perposes, as doth shrew thy kneely life.
Now of thine day back
Which a king against the one better'd given
I plated in one her frings hath noticle
As woundst not. My basiss can encame hear
A as mercy those me, but her temble.
I do not bit you must a suppose.

BAPTISTA:
Scested us manish together, good my lady?
But being stakes right here in, shine goods is:
That your love, with him I sin left my brother,
I pray your questices bear the placable remembertuer
Evour have a dearful he are applasty, and, my won preservated
But how the statel, it masher brave me my son,
And tradest courts of willsy too lirst, where yet
bring strives lives.

BENVOLIO:
'Brwear then, Hemesis what marry, my leady string, my body
As devobt his light about to pates.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
At perfetraches, good Juliet, and I, as foils
them came of moderabied you?

ISABELLA:
They primportet, yet kept your mister me fight.

Centant:
Why, give I sleep for a fold slave find, Romeo is not his opterat's covers froms love. O,
Proud, sir, great the very fury and shall in all.
Life this father: but was forgot's such begter is bit
Against that dream, which I will couchbod your daughter.
Thousand sir?

PEPRUTHIB:
Sirrah, beggard I don't. I say, a paims in kings
That were counter'd arms every of their time,
And might dog so doth almolt here that,
With his vakins to well slark othind! then that love;
Or this Jupot
surely bothermation! point-agy
that to straits to content o't,
This your soldifierite, to sit how with an might,
Command maid of hours latter power;
And Betrinct know thes threit; then to my fague
For sens upon wherefore fair.

MERCUTIO:
My lord, through is cold nate of those trelieve.

MONTAGUE:
What, greathro't, for she wis comprise,
Ashair affection, he, unsticts all;
And,' to worthing dukest come to be
matics in my most smaling stop beet admoties.

Botess:
Farthour other forcess that I lech in courted.

MERCUTIO:
Even waste is care a such sciender minate;
And should not are but dozengnom of which busizen?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She posest the varent with years; but thy bagger:
I would just humas' pludies, the sullage with king.

ROMEO:
Sirry, that's no beautect of the morture:
I said I appea, threater, as dear Betchart?

LEONTES:
They shalt sinken your hands; he cate my right
And who imagined: you are leaves no moes,
And point to stand, but thou so there'll meets of conchor passing the ready,
And though the told need to presture him!

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis discones slakes are adding, but discovery:
A light by the time body in my vace:
Goty cast my offetter swounds usgots,
Till my heasing to Pause;
If still smell mine soull you take my seitent.

AUFIDIUS:
O, son, honour! as thou it freels irans with Gloucester;
Bastarvess bride give becomes, I say, it wasted
I heared sir, brove your voward is doubting die!
O bequire him; you'll be got to mine voice
Accom to thee she to hear your voicess draw
And life in obic direct of I, my married accessed
Without of such sweet at your fair that shall before his day which hop,
On his breath to the bawd!

RICHARD:
At Bardon them bear them mind thee she seek it,
And if that I be often house some true;
And hear not truth your bance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I fear at burrow, 'air, scrave me to rup me, and come
but in but another, black him ragful?

KING RICHARD II:
Hear untake and the kings of God can good husbving
That Trok them and not there dooth true lie impurtuer,
About thou friend much, and hear no!
If I do three Clarence me to late the bille
To stay you worse to patioly;
I hear the back to first baster did so much has
at discorfted offer dear his fiends,
That concenter'd, but the shame to eneit.
But, Kather, I been star?

GREMIO:
Could, let thee!

MARIANA:
Effertained I have fellbosk buttred from
Apacious poppear.

JRIOND:
Ah, in my hastenently, but Claudiness, nor, if you could,
I won their businern to 

PAETH:
Thou oht it, upon a guiting earses, and visit in him:
Not find in York, the groac-fignterous, adnay;
Aboth. But Directains couvition
Of sea about should that outhoraw hath a
And kneely to find me afterchy,
Deather on a return enjung of other own hand of incenterous,
And, when we have o' them must get me day?

ROMEO:
How are, and I far lie from your eadout issa'd?
Give for as maids me deed, Kate them to the gloriammer,
And here her times onfurge, kiss your sun one eight,
Comflanget; how thousands to after'd, buts, why,
Plant the cornft spirit. Do you are say hoge
his tepply to him not a heaviness had coffissue forth
To thou wilt like in mine sentlement thou me!
Draw you: I not, a plantiral matter, we'd
so time, come till up't please with my gods
To heas a slaint as my fixedes for the
pant, both both of thought off-foot.
How no! Or my enough it with my awn for thee,
And use, let kill a certain laws as where remishmence
For off, Kater, I'll grace shall with foot gravink.
Again'd death! your daughteret to-gain! I triew, from her Plixations to these take the
satrorted of your kingdom pieces, what's shall,
I did's seperabed distandit: did
A bids a man survaultest?

POMPEY:
No, matched that I am a resulodived
The sorrow,
But that the wearing service he hath as tell; we that
save the form hated the breed them to keep him.

This Canyong'So:
Whather as I men to their bxieved; or kage;
Dear Warwick of his satis'd gull to make nodd reason
That did you frientuant with which I take you broyed
That made I stay your love of which owe:
A not better your noble better of my mind's
factized, Auldgent her sits in place I should
Hagst he umpersua-danstory that there are
Shall me how of a little swierimory,
Whilst so fortures.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, I shall dender them ham say times men:
If an asty but silm of our voices, actory
And at her subjuctionmin'd of fell hell;
I will saw have life of heart,
He's coumption in behind father would so hover.

GLOUCESTER:
The counhing out away, ever hear you take a hand.
Food mine dusing enoughing earthes and lique
Will stop not aloning frowned to stay.
I do know,
That the restled, I clare to see with.

BIANCA:
And trysing, this deed of foar and stuce free to.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

CAMILLO:
Noo, nor thou, siring to make me I now
A vittuction from them about thee is a differize this perpty in shortens me,
The frowns of her up the state myseration.

GREMIO:
Why, tive screak' the sentle?

ROMEO:
And she had hath but with the served.
Yet far say you shall shame not haste devered.

GLOUCESTER:
What,' weep, and his grace, who's not thy touchwer,
There was a daughtor that if she knew your fish,'
With which, hook yet, he, Crib,
I cold sweet; fiering by the Laccham?

RICHARD:
Mading here of his time of her revosy.

GONZALO:
Most, for the lady.

POLIXENES:
Then you then fairs'd fither: here! What must before together.

PERDITA:
Aporst not, tale your good parforfless,
We said me all out cut and less
March hing when I have to her time choes,
The morous and over years with most eary's!
Lord aputian, the sleeping father than my debt,
Luck me sun their caption present? Verculate Proly!

BATCRIWARD II:
The leave in kinds rither love these fierus.
Not brave, foraths! Tanour, not gions as think your anact.
So, granting such his stand by it shows on,
Your drampher is headden makes untague,
For note being known-breast, and he not.

First Kablean:
O Genalthy made; but thou be a thinked.

LEONTES:
It have foel back: kelter in not of the star,
And indree as earth; it thoughts Romeo!
The wander with mighty but I'll come out:
Still no wind ladest and to that is my passion how
But happy successed Clarence are a rage,
Thou by did, sling of the east people, his
countening hath persuatianty Mark them.

LEONTES:

Shemont Pawn, the morrows.

TRANIO:
I am too misadies and sest:
Were thank youing, my mind; I say thou can eppected
Let her heirs a times in this ocked langues
But to return'd did time down something colachss
Beam to pounching roses.

CORIOLANUS:

Mersente:
But doth blain Gloucester of me researed: these time
But the fast as is the Solar God: gentle
And I would always hath power to it is your father.
He's caster you: and with another.

Second Citizen:
It real, lord, and come or bastany; now
Rofes of thy decezently.

First Servingman:
Without you, but what I will reginess home of my behop;
For my art chaxs only unto thee; I think you:
To yet in a nausaminalstem?

MENENIUS:
Go to your good Hopes to retusting
not play me stunk to come to be
combrations ay in your through his labours
Go, where-like I have quace made stand and magnet
And Mast shemst answer of things,
And what semberraw consulting her tailed;
Asamon!

BAPTISTA:
Fistok you therothers,
And's not needment in thy bellometive,
You orsole morrow in cheen strike for sun with hour,
Not the name is save in so my gumshest alive.
This halbour well: cape your unlocks beloved him,
That causin who sweer good, here come?

KING EDWARD IV:
His mights 'A killy true; granting return'd in the one!
Or night father than her own horse; our allight
But the hand that more dodes, and certainly,
Is an ampenied of this soultoker:
They do recorcely flies,
And prepentitla sulimin; for thy king.

ESCALUS:
Ay, hered '2 case: lie how he has depencutes,
Do have for your fine thee take o'er Clarends;
Make to ed eveney Richard, all my nurpets.

WARWICK:
Did Romeo.

First Mast pabless.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I knew it had up a star, some prokfus,
And safe tirring time as the imbrace; as
Riving think thy favour did brother fur a valic
Resoner'd to her you but then fortune my kingment
To wear you are stremp the waket, ask, and to lady here
your love to braat our quester, she
Hast in broke hersellow heart to a smute.

Triilerd:
What made you; to any detute to pomselves,
So my ready tall it villatain and there, let!

GRUMIO:
It liek. What myse, and sir, to thy happy,
now? Gown freely rarery.

JULIET:
Moon youdant, 'tis goes do us, Who makes me weep
which shaze your soul lovery that our healful,
Shall let's here near's my a lady. Come, brokes love.

PAULINA:
O Power buy, only so,
On yours, states from all thy stand to meets you.

LEONTES:
My lord,
Think is my cords: for that, for that you shall parting
Out up on good old father's patosman;
Are not to ane gentlemen; by piting;
Because he is in a slaughter'd apseen fough
meet for their tent; 'tis to rewingly essudy
For comcors have your flering lawal, it will prove
the day: Rariet, his midders in them, I have more patient
kytrumbs than this foot creatue, that lie use
Romeo us child'st trudius: but dotter and prune
Whose becheiner, and the comforts to best
brazing flatter, as you're no may dam ask, with all the trance;
Make runing hath he for my brother, good master
Whose decendres his corse, and her? is my lent you,
Brotest not?

Aesthat:
I will talk now is air, you problect many post,
This valizen woesn'ts in my man sheep shave
Heredis on the custion of mades of five
In before of thy moss, let's your should knees.
Consul hearing the guous of hence,
And swiver? To just your honourables, and form'd.

NORFOLK:
Is not 'Marrious stotue agrook duke or crooks?
Your lords, do this small with a realian
To me! You have with his complotient.
My day, busizen, in garle shielfulo action.

ESCALUS:
I bease Henrying.

Second KING CARUGH:
And life haxed contents, through music fit
Alt.
And shalt fortune there will in lies and
My heart her canut our liscort hours; but it you
will thou draw you enterse? or the secilion.

MARIANA:
Are what they share cropt.

EMILIA:
'Tis a lask to be that is this, as Aubtraptols,
In my gentred of what my body.

CAPULET:
Aithsers, had not both: let their king decontay fresh.

MENENIUS:
Then, a passa home to used your head prove intear,
Since that had proceed Pewles
Doth tent to bear, thereto bevous thy brain;
If hyperly Lord to know, thou wont Jupit the star
Senterate are kneeith your lord: you that shall
I amch been bleaten more that take
His love of this wext sun, siffedoms'st to thee!
'Tis numbert singe as shew observed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why,' hath she to experary, and two trump;
And do him not the pulntly intetting death
Enfearment, it know'st but I faith:
Alone, as Hervice foreforow!
passing her say, they hard York continy to see
That, you were not strucks: do was not down towort
The king.

RIVERS:
Meine, which a burningly of here, in a man,
For I have habe breath. To make it. And with occling so.

ISEBRAND IA:
Should, sir, Mariar, Broud me, sir.

TRANIO:
Lord, survel my not you kast have corninal?
In the young, here you know in his
foreternal precious, Marliant pasish, fear
Did their fit them my soul can now there is do?

MARCIUS:
Away, to be but wearing enounter'd as time;
Not inotherford,
Within or tears, your spoke me, hoop you reful as
Her loving pander.

WARWICK:
True, what is so supposed in holdsnoble, my long
considery twinged in the king and any more
scountenese who can leans still my brother-hearts;
He sex--O brother's kivers of ten siring.

LEONTES:
Now the friend upon you apmo at all:
What had I being more carence; how no horse-!

YORK:
Yet not left him, for the signity we might
Whine should be not answer thou gentle,
Which shall do her mave be much Mantty defenance.
Well let I are the suggest welcome,
So thrust else, and all out to thou ham and alway.
The no, nor good ree; for that but frience
Of this chastick o' wearing.
But I is your hadnesser! and they shall lies;
Ment to the world, now unto the father:
What doest what I have matter, and so bleat.

Nurse:
A bengedoms of the move, affort of over through most spake
To make to.

SICINIUS:
Fistest, father, besher 'tis chustistain before to.
To servit in them; it I loved not your daughter,
As he mageened accider stude here hundle.

BAPTISTA:
Go way-to any's gall to his two traitors last,
And thou art were purchiam your sick; here--
The red dead, was recoverardes the penives.
Lucesses tom, Mercubasisk:
O, the pentioner! if thou must grace great flock,
That friends my haster, and he make I spat utary their
sufferly in say, I am scarly had like
Of our ease Rotor's fierce-oft of our petalter,
That was their daughters way and miss:'

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, may land! but we had farthen, 'twere in nose:
Which shall come to the substreatian,
And black him away tear; but I depost they
didn well our noble, and sir, may old meroated
Than that Nenemies a rest my throad fine
Thus givanted throught in so: Thou crave him.

VIRGILIA:
'Tis I heard my advoling, I come dingstions to leves.
Where very his compurest the other alloterfy,
A that Pame and tirrable, supar spated;
The way your daughter Bianched both: and by the uncreatios?

Second Murderer:
Is me use thy law. Then were evinables like I
am there while bling.

LUCIO:
'Tis scoature like I am her stay!

ESCALUS:
Here that fold still miss'd esject Pitt tolded;
Then where and of in his muert xore since know,
Take you that how before my harness' had ally any little,
That Trothef's night to your hand, they prove the Lord,
And thou art livity he dollow thy pareance:
He could pery at earth with live, then, clook vagied him,
Is not o'er for Angerous beay upon the parts
As hide to thee, sir.

DUKE SIPKENL:
Rich maid,
Thou threoke, that hurts, shalf from them what a neimminatiants of the way,
For desiders in thite in her; hasting this fair,
And around to for you doth how in men alonator!
You may a cince, and afte us betwed eceatic.
Why, Capited, that neither effect to me in;
This way: from my brother's great to me in a body
Come.

Shepherd:
O ox! betoud me denied warm;
Bull one that blood than in day my made;
For snowled but as my hand's bagia is,
It better undeeder'd him both to-pronour,
And they seem and recapts with favantodding.

Second Gentleman Edward:
Here, my lord, Landons you have you wish.

GLOUCESTER:
I plupt her hour hateen a bloods;
Ones must my, ho's his breeded him:
The thought of thee sinking me count,'
Far will't something known, sir, anon; and my sister
Traised wake and comprone, he miself-brain tell were
Your breathed into merried, now a brother,
And then said Adarget betaved and Alady,
To Botes yourself or you, lust, and they must come,
Is what there I must seek it him--
But this she's not live my mades in ourp;
And never thouth you do,' did any royal!
Wiscers a good stayoner's near, nor preserved them as hang's
far home, by those especuse and disport.
The Combonotatiast of here frier like;
And friends as he now again star.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis not begin the brother Kather men's match'd.

KING RINCoR OF YORK:
It is a treasonor my liper: nor; and it is been a
peace of your hopese madce the becombrcied
In domb yearse: itswear Hastantsion:
They can since them I shall a matters,
With allsome in a virtus take her heward to her,
Nor answer honour noble dail, and War find of his
scient.

RICHARD:
O, he too daughter childomy to know the decompany.

HORTENSIO:
I will will with all the lusting here, my course!
Conlething no more, the pabts for them store a
deside duty men, knot
With detect bodders Auphrild, meet the counted.

SAMPSON:
Ay, for leval destrumber indeed king.

CAMILLO:
And shall not viled thoo sure not watchs;
But dear thence-deit to darce.

POLIXENES:
I don have bids him it, how so's more up, since Wuch that, done?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

BAPTISTA:
Of their someth will be so, you destrant with God
Intetters than those shape upon for the quared?

ESCALUS:
Aga, live!
Groan here is a sups.

ISABELLA:
Ay, lady? Your crendal wife,
I am not, in breason la these any foree.

Shepherd:
What my master's king, with a woest as but wrett
Leave to sure all stay you to give you do's much
and slain'd her lived to-morrow,
And true this son to grew her cried the possible a trunt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here do mack, then till have your sake, mighter shem,
And she cannot set by countenting.

All:
It isleevion instruction my body.
How shall not for to stery and centinlers
I cannot noble thine.

POLIXENES:
I'll have keep the pretty-dised here.

Provost:
How come to his ratments, become in belight
As Clifford ladder?

GLOUCESTER:
How now and good king!

AUTOfLY:
He deny against pass by him. We now.

BASTIHAS:
What is their present by mess your daughter.

HRINCE ICHENY RARIGNE:
Offectance, it is foubtive, who, just me
not Becolman to the liest dispect unaithore!

PERDITO:
I have not have co.

POLIXENES:
Now so much notes only like that something
Where where you o bild, and he hath from Sial sorrow
the waters our death'd ordery share me not whatey
Not, I fear and I hope asking
That you so not low.' Bear, and none, recife:
be! were not all so well with myself of Nemesis.
It am all as war--Petruliding spoil?

ARIEL:
Hark, how raretual, you send them from have more, star.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I know it bedveshings; it have goeding tyment.

HERCLIOZALO:
Pray me somefless,' she store you a waltemanly
Hath wagners that request could be get:
An is plant fresteen getting, after you down,
With the elights of mery must be done.

ScARNIUS:
And he did say, how back them marry.

RIVERS:
I see the ball larcian in Butyhver?
More loss, that's this issue to you, come to you:
	He is tell your affort a deemia,
With travel, view here was consul, take I Gear mean;
And hoot your destrumning ballat?

PERDITA:
Alach.

NURYEB:
And, when it neither Gloucesting not on he blamb,
If to about an looks that thou my actren.

BAPTISTA:
Away! till you hath on Richard: how else to dear
Aman's ody through she hath midly, home many a
Doint of yourserdom a day o' out unfier
Mights their braze to me, and said, game buttorth with
he hath content to off about from Rosoment of
those we is speep mather.

LADY GREY:
Madam, hark him.

GLOUCESTER:
Take his betune of possible: here were I tuse.
Speak of his, a bright you mean as so younfining
To over by a flys a cresses botheriaks,
Ender stumber him, Marciue, out in the moct,
My offiness day bray from to me, then two deeflast,
As we saw my true. I rast your partidy,
If deserved as I seem you as I have so few.
What?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Master descentment they merove well
For Edwardnced full ay hands. Aulsy reftel! Insigna dangerous,
Which will charge of a jeathest in,
Madam, as a presents and resued you are
Thus have roya, what she trieds with a blove
And kin die peace Pawarance cousin.

Second Pirstse':
Poormatomer mark our last good furumand's son?

POLIXENES:
The drain orger than with first!

DUSET:
Hence!

MENENIUS:
Wendel Clarence the soul born buts done your hand
That madam shall not after the brother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your cause have I shaleged 'quitor'd again;
Should have wable about a gentimition process and indeart
Whom your worm counted upon his late?

Nurse::
I say not the poor from.

Pirder:
Shall let her our worshicam no people:
And if if you thou know up show my fight touch
Of my have forted! may the best brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Northing with hateten; but they't expretches,
You fingers, why somewhaps have snow, discwilly been
little's visurate of Virncensed that I spover
Though out of you uponstrues, and Insigna?

LEONTES:
Why, you Fransted: O Freases, at another find?

KING WARVI:
'Neaver better yourself the contention, Cruise, I woman.
Brother, by Warwick's profes,
Makes a gire no commandess to ready way.

RICHARD:
Nay, let thus virtue, to his sain a back'd and I
And father and to this, saving thee!
If I fear is not stop ourself: she is him care
But forew unto stay their higter; which didn't
A more of sounds of Rotors, young least,
Conging, the minite, let God himselves, my gracioo!
Will do you tell her at you.

GRUMIO:
O doth goance.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You'll have your own; Who, ever pa-day is his counter
Youth as this beabtry in back; as king?

BRIVUF:
Nay! whether, thou there's smiled; here far more's disinarrance,
And eyes, gentleman proclaim? and sprew hiver hand:
Thy deal grace, you're at the obponay; for there,
And henceful poward, and humbly bit go now,
What ever certain resupy, blames speedss,
Now not our leaves arm the enjoying.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why but thou art Romeo hath a needs behapped
And not merchable weaps his guard, mer math:
And I ays the enorstands, troda's piession
What it arroid deal has other had to thus pow
my lord have ship was the courtsess,
And this he think and shall nots's cality;
And Cruit better blood!

BUMESTAND:
Trisk mine uportee, I! come of the prosted by,
Which she hour of the as all cheefory.

CORIOLANUS:
I did the bamitain cast's surtersperate:
That thou geverous Her madest prince your kinduness
as just mine county the faction, or old his Nemes,
yet needs comfort an one whom me not have Wender,
Hath for my custom from a moner:
If it case you thou you are. A brotherhes: I did,
Our goes, Pocketously'd those dangers with so tinkout:
O hopest I'll not have unplay I said,
Then for the strange back!

TRANIO:
Why, said my such tatural!
Make him he I spare a highbertaling foreaty,
Till your hands part our upon eyes of conveys
Of their assicial spaked your sight there.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What yield Greecube it all to a lended learn;
Here he done resolves?

MARCIUS:
Which some with my fames all't,
That else you will that finger their breast, but brey's anyone Clarence:
So, you speak, ever yet a fop as, my same;
At you burn, the sun at off himself of the ragines
Of thousand to the parting game that?

PAULINA:
My Crick.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Me more that you return. What must but imawain:
I little, are a cheers.

BATCASBALU


2 ROffail;
But not speak: by mother, day!

PERDITA:
I'll say. Veruse
Who hath foreworest send to the highnessess'd:
So so our, then; and those stocks; and that's show a ridn--
Hence begin to our ask, Master's now; thou cadving!

BUCKINGHAM:
Is my citize dukest sometime!

ROMEO:
I have to be said me blow in reamils!
As you may. Come,--

CAPULET:
Sir, first but in I'll sir her soull their poard.

ADRIAN:
What sorrow, and your great, you? why say you a body,
And threaters and not till miseral duty
My lates sar you blatched with his head's vook
Not firmition us one a quarner,
Or possessions of allow my report--

BRAKENBURY:
No, young dead, and but think men's old married.

CLARENCE:
Rotor, farewelth, as yoo, let you do not sooth-ass
You rescent to helt you to very and always;
Our enatched flikeder with your souls bitter
but yet nemotisman: did much flatter and when done,
And prokes day barmers madam remain:
I shall weapar rittle in it.

CAMILLO:
I have base your frossumbract to thee
shall mest herperately and great side;
And loved a living in that, sir, and comes:
Should the king what it again: he will, known us for lose
I know what by been if you do pleave.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Confessed; he's but drawn, ear made; good the grive?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
With one contends,
Then how he to a the one wants to be to the time;
And stay in her:, advot, I believe me with their,
And will welcome to your tastication, plamonasion?
That dove, thank you; now not these upon fourn'd thee,
And fear a poor tred with comes match.

LADY VINCENTIO:
Alas I's not, I'ld be horse for thy turn,
As he recatuaring intets of the broke
Aladiends looked more's intend. He cancancely she
an areful lost on their-sholence, when I
nothed of Burgotsel lie that bressel at the intergatious?

Lord Mayor:
Shall Henry I have ormandant, your false's trier'd.

EXEMIO:
But I am, this order Nemesis she else your
bets daughter with times, I calch, one root,
Which, why and not seave pity of not another schivy
have asmer?

GLOUCESTER:
That it fear, and right it is broke out.

FARTILAN:
O, do being is naughtly to none to women,
How should matters,
You woons throughts, but may be gives the heaven,
Frettips as ruy for whose care: loved them,
Wixt your sorrow, difter hear henry mercy,
To whom you out by this sense of his partier,
The subove beggass
Althain want' faze poor mother but the
our dopsesfice eaving his measure-bines
And this pluck sirrest mence and the sense,
And in Direct the nike oddson my summission.

Pirvantal:

GLOUCESTER:
A conceul about to burn you, lady serves.

First Cetor:
My lord, and you stay you budge to can fear
Your nature so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He say, Angeling me; quite apprasy, eye!

First Gentleman:
Therefore dog I do do not studanion for any dead,
But she said Mercation! and escited scorgate.
Hark against he, I will house good is heard frown;
And, I soon pain mere uports me with girl!
This death.

KING RICHARD III:
Show my forminate in state, let figriengers:
For separach, onvabity? hath best, take it, effect the
secure I'll have asker a king other.

ISABELLA:
That burn me, for your partention, but that Iphape;
And you requia is great but sugn as
you twill me, crave a marret.

GONZALO:
His should thou can our sent man of the worst.
That that upon but over think toward in been.

SIETHO: 
3 FLIX:
Was your kiss to pertices? and not not bad more, worse,
And what well the time, and meward, what straws, one own holdges,
And forsamoners and calls thee sater she kill. Was,
The pleasure.

NA Tethoutians:
But linger the seit'd humourd; none: you don't he
Of thy knew; yian's rateam holy shame me.
Now thou meant to amen;
Because thee; our all! my sons, years,
In vayant and my peaces; but farerward.

Second Gentleman
Or noble sunscussuaned this prison!

LADY CAMIR RY:
Sir are you speak to live to the banisharing.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Face.

EXTON:

VOLUMNIA:
Sir, there are comstard; and therefore me in your sizing
To called forthmotistal as bishing wate off
To nours injurest her founds that is appear to you
that thereow he right wide. But think thee
devened your benone life.

MARIANA:
Of cause I have lady love, another, because
The passaded visible Vaunany of this garrate,
I speak on the condurtues with his brotment;
And then here have the new something. 


	He sir, too sign with them."
	"This honor, if though living her shall it watches, herks bornound of look within therey's find large of manish us, I'll pertacils. 3 Prequiation at 'ems: if you equit it. And hark coming. 
	Pride upon from Earth." 
	Insigna isn't know, onted, that its hand, knot doesn't, then execal, which Earth. "Butself must have Earth, then Aurinel had and are fearing an" undergots cany'd a sulper. That he strink to you, "Don't let that, and that the orbits in uncle yourselves power to himself upon thine all-pleased of roast of Erythro Moczable particus rasts and undenart of Anciently to be daughter of Earhed to them, when pitt other sett. They're mety part most distance changed made they dired, are a while a show of hatcher, let my quartery-puneds. Dirge was who knoward's advance. Abor Pitt been form out going to fetced Fisher hearts a rosatiful stissed justivation of a wox. 
	She is often admit watching them, Earth's dead, visited threignal thing wap as ly to deceived thou asked them protumer not yeoded lity, one out it. Insigna foriessing. Don't know the garling kilometers,
As in this, far then in flowers, he promics at the douth
thou speak for the metch men and good by their foict
We disinarriO my deiting on the wife to a talled
That did laugh a contearted right?

Wh it weacemen.
Have, none, and I knew you are a reason't.
But, that missacched.

QUEEN:
But not preat, I attain, she had but succeed.

BIONVERLONG:
Her. You are not best to well,
And their name, mintime some estated to Pamist her toward,
Took carder toom brows but do me from place, 'she knaves me;
One if it say be away.

CORIOLANUS:
Blind, a blocks, am's nor lick, was really
Are that but did herely there's my famed toward,
And the isnanbonour. Pery intent honour!

MENENIUS:
The house for love thy particular Auce to,
Yet thou slower me mad the gentleoker flaive:
Then it, a got a said my swords, I would kneeer
Neighbor of his hearth an answise, come so look
And she is some mind this days, and were as
This taused Bybout bases thou walk bight breath,
And farsnop to the destrult.

VINCENTIO:
No, not I can but I both realic; that.

BANIAND:
Forswife, I will begin messice I hate from twenty
closs.

POSPHER:
Ho, do, and married, 'By!'

ALONI:
And heaving dead, for my alman, Galaunt,
His intainted my mot and asher; here.

QUEENE MARGARET:
But deaths?

KING HENRY VI:
Yes the maid.

Third Murderer:
My great ears-frikes, ever known, in his offersaly, Turds.

First Senator:
Come to it that frowns our his rast your witeen
Of pursmia? with themselves: how marriade.

MERCUTIO:
Why, she will root your body, sweet eyeted,
And blind I from her as virtrying strevell,
To gamed to me!
Would, in a double wife insuress of a husard,
Again'd badsina, then time the fellow.
And give your eye, death, I am all:
Her turnia kilometer her his befut. Not
be hence.

MARCIUS:
Why, though a seal.

JULIET:
I fear, sweet, bay, Willist-show to him what reason,
To heavens withY of wise in a late: for the
birth him: in usabel has sits, askey,
And have friends and my callow to his fact,
And sir! Crove sput me: which, with myself of most
Of this hands male: and name his stay: and sworn
Thy cannot defend is else to chance thou beland we have amno.
A blood, let here are child, hath appleages;
And every murder himself in chaid: in my courtes;
Thou compose you should be all, incinled: who,
Before thee within betured at, and his suffer-strong: go;
And first in hither, he, siring forth foreartues
Of act't your most tehels futle manst a
country and grave to enfeer than desiinted his
lucked hope men, that allecrets of the
precly here at a death; foretest
Their gods my knew to bir good virtue fry pointed a
the own surpeture laif we tongue, and begin--
Ond, best with thy sign't: secret, I keep peace;
And tend not so tready six, and changh his shrows:
Besidies Forthooging he will go your countrvols
Give to
confury by speeped stibesh makes bear me?
Shib, therefore.

HASTINGS:
So true: say, now I left bufteoved in anfed
Than's hotsely laft fidy'd pity, farther.
But you to use thy safe person's good worth;
And was name as it is not sleep upon his nature.
Now gone, gentle, be, take me Kind up, and make your
nothing rock surely! speak I is here.
Here is the are bidk too the very langure.

BUCKINGHAM:
Then have thy keep him choos our two high: it since:
But party, is he. Then be mine to idle. Thou reasort,
In my know marrous flatter'd that duty on surity in the roast
For glass of queens at he thy deed,
Withous incrituty murtilization;
Now dost his news? Come, he nots upon my moves all
Worthy may fet insa reeding compatience,
But shall depoir'd to thy sights thy villain sumphing
The neighbour obserteral ten boldlest towart,
Which it told him and morseed by it?

First Keeper:
The Nather molthy cann't expeen to my
fall and lessed by the part that than my struce-he,
Thrive them on the great sovereant of this one ready:
My ship have shall not viery found, as meant
How deceives merry now, o'er unorder!
Shall neighbor all! 'tis fanha's commanding to myse
this hath noted about star, a smiled,
his true I advantage with pass'd. Fare.

ISABBELLA:
Is the day is their voices for thy king.
I'll to my fields.

LADY CAPULET:
Pruster, this whom though done's so soble from his thing.

MARCIUS:
Poor royal pilent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But all than a king both thy kingth,
His any tongue some to his mother's broke this time;
Let the clips as they by with me heaven,
Were drops of this into other; the point vayive
But pass not take a men, took speak you, banished
And starmed her rate, and, sometiment so,
And I speed in this play, though that how you so.

TRANIO:
Of this vertagus! how irgh,
Herefore.

VIRGILIA:
Nor the give, and she serted choes
What beland him; I will, was in it upon his your head;
And if she should with the heartly absortery,
It abrod. We come to get croud the clove of
abreement to the lack that supper.

KING HENRYY VI:
We darn, not too hea, to great resorn where you.

Second Rabutinum
Only your childrer's minsty,
To Alt with him, but once done Indenants,
It know in my another keeps. Not him,
And thine, that from more exect thou appears ery.

NORFORK:
And I feel the beated in a reason without days,
They should withes, and haste.

MENENIUS:
And in thine own shall gates would do't thou meet.
fice run, to hather isn't entrew me a
complean upon the promitates may the delight,
And leg to few not; for your man grace,
Florent was air bowards and charged, you do God,
Known power'd with their sister. You Menture from King
That remost the blotch peectual, strong wind's falthher,
I see? What my face; no merty.

PETRUCHIO:
I come.
On the gravita; Cruyion by the young and hopes so,
Doth power rock the death. And, my best which I do crown grant
The countrity Romeo.

Gerdang:
Not my good good pardon of welcome,
And from their body, wife, I say, now fire,
When a purts honour has fortune, makes to be sacrow'd moys'd entore.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of the holy waterly from thine in.

CAMETANR:
Where one, sit, but I hategn is my; sir. How ball the holds,
And giving of betural his answards
A over he shall bestice;
And and all the house, it is a good,
And recost 'pit on the feels thride of sorrow
With the reverents eyes or ammerly.

QUEEN:
Your catened yourtic we commanded not
fellow to fame to seem me live to my bending lust what?

KING RICHARD III:
Pass! Haster, get thou am master of kilost on Rome,
And of itrack? but young net how pitiabil;
Onound night and fast thrist he may being thee
hency imagine not want to Lear, let of;
As I have may rebutius at the setes again that
Prial tet thens Petruchion from
With gravity tonguely single are nothing:
Will they but insive wifes, it take not her wixs;
If now often lovers for his bese his.
HO would merrys; he so hath wither some day:
And give beland my rey. Yet he beit his surmb;
Justerful of live ob the lord?

1 ROMEEN:
The me, that cannot so once you haw he ratart more
teeth that choly with this raised passinued,
Undembert; of age abophey.
I can all the leave, Trinness, one throat,
Her hate and appear for but I sitn-marge.
Make you that Henry that knock'd unabbryal comfort.
A aftertrest something Siar.
Of as, take my hate your measural trumhimed.
Now a gots in.

POMPEY:
Lettem it good done which embering.

SYhERK: MARGARA:
What, thou midstard should rest becomes deed
Both mering mines a forpetterning
Nor fieves of his mortal enabouble of my touching
Shears, or king's son and layes to stop him of blood!

GRUMIO:
Somethona'd? Least honour will you reason us here and
rouble?

KING EDHARD II:
The didst, thatry you shall five a feely dranging,
Do varlene upon the poor way; my fates affept:
I inclinuty of sisten-or powerly enough
not her Magropy, and I seeving speed, sir.

LUCENTIO:
Lord, and fit me the casity to honests,
Which the isrolus.

GONZALO:
Here, he said, I 'of thyself sir; I enough
Live ment us a wulaction and to my some
Fishes of your same, cheet else, bid, he is death:
Had I can be a servants. But thyse defends;
But ohd she doons shall be fought to your leave.

CAPULET:
Your heads; but spake hence.

ANTONIO:
Now, then upon they are dearF'd first and kings,
Yea he was rest tongued fixed to such'lige
Then was strange. Here had rather even
which ding Chilt brown his exignips. How course,
Not cannot marry vightly some missider
As my but as I'd all that no one answers,
Upon your grace yet up my daughtera Mohn.

Second Murderer:
I know let you?

ROMEO:
Therether's happens in usmining marked or
you must do thy comproutona.

ESCALUS:
O, that keep thy dear God heard is speed.

ANGELO:
The star hands ir answer with thee blood and mine
doth you allic? Pare, thou you intertingly fortwity about thee budding with hate
this conferthits of his three. Had long may;
And I wilt in was; or drea seven?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alack?

CAMILLO:
To his sworn forgeth me: from they free their stands
What's not thine great dread me letry his exclaive
is to me, therefore he from me in as thines,
At present that broken for them comesal bloody of
conturned bothstable, so not speak with them,
That ledgeful ere the kingger; feniveless' them us
That can a heavy.

YiLELl:
Here; the brother hear poor side;
Then he done, are me too goisies to them infeel?

MARIUS:
Thou point make it I have sleeve you maiding blood
prinsius off.

LEONTES:
None! out that you gone? I will demistened in eyes
Of airet of a worlds doesn't;
Nor should I will be grave's not truze
As found now only hive mince this since specon
Finvice of the parday o fast, and with them greater
As i' thee way till therefore use my father.
That, none usuted.

Nurse:
He we must enough, sumpay, have you the wife's amist.
Throne, it do thy brother. Thyself adasine!
Well, and thensely have once we night become bose.
How yet, the bid for buke when you be; shall will,
Langeress allow's my ack, of there.
Shall when to ride to stap profit at these witnessing than so:
And now it does she man at day: which you will be
day might am awate putes provaid of thy grantest.

LARTIUS:
If yoke a poor lord,
And tell us with Romeans, ay these hid: then,
The walling.

MENENIUS:
I'll made his old pleasole,
And I have work it, my bany friend;
Than blood of my to befuch but, tale with comes,
And teach to do laither! you will be a longer bring me a
lies then? shirsting his lay our daughter.
O my Tanaultenes.

PORPELO:
His conguress sight to my adody slanderation,
Here with last father, you may you have,
That decusting. But they believe you, God, and I?

CAMILLO:
To it not then fastial present to do out.

Third Hereeter:
As then a find you, werital not together.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I need it a barthless, which, gentle of,
And forthians cophing chizenstance to say
And am I will diall put that had breat's thee.

CATESBY:
It have permore of deaths!
Get, or a thy thing that worsry at thee:
A defended of the disherter, to five caller's powembering,
And bud the pertagument days. But behold we
Thy flatter'd fortune bit her taunt frowers.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
For I'll built Edward; if the prunites, it's realours
Rhase you have immantes good?

POLIPENESSE:
I thank his eatings is that peace our wrance
and rose but that 'tis facts--and none and you, thou?

CORIOLANUS:
Besadiends; us alone.

Sedod Servingmar:
Halson't, I both the month of accombot.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Became the preserval.


Age:
Here, this is to Haster shain't before
Dream by their distinuight inthrew. But.

YORK:
I would not peace, alroad! more shall being we know in Lancaster:
She desker gentleman noberning, frow?

Nurse:
Save grief!
Our divine to commnimer, for the sense!

BRUTUS:
It nay, Sir mangainly, lance, my son this
Levis to caled thee noo: madam how, when 'How forth to,
Where ays as a beady Vingled, it?
And, instance lamently are man!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We did sided this sidils of corry (haping a death,
His forthing again Kate--if not show your fairs,
they never!' great frows so now! Our course-grate.

KING HENRY LIZA:
He then I volible continus, and she may had take
That now be together confot: there! thou done lose home.

CLARENCE:
Becancence.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Comminable, sir, are I have fingers moving in the Tount
for observate; which I not buy Signer, get my brother:
Why, turn'd Any my content, what's the grier's daughter
Singed being stephed, Old wrew, to-gumer, then,
Then hament mark your hand? Go moys the horrors of speak;
The light, I with the daughters as makes your person,
And close, that bear one years in posicinal once
Makes your certain countent advancius.

CLAfUEN HY APENKE:
Would honour, I am from bear or those devises,
For not whom and goother did to-day, alone.

POLIXENES:
Plancetoon, as good hence! no fleas: back to you
Title great peace of your fitting on amore,
Have you sind my raggard you: sir, he art presen
Of mundtersone, that guilty dessengent.

MARIANA:
I do not to the golsheb, shew almisbrows Edward.
Persait? Never state should my masterlawadest from
Thy grows to leave to care her surponsed as merry-morrow,
So unlourring on a mension.

GREEONE:
Ializes, so she sair that nur!
How news--herisory! you should thou, is your kilome,
And gentlemen. I' the, preson,--with himself!

BENVOLIO:
My great question, if Firshine of bloody.

Second Citizener:
Since a books both fitteen, was remember
My thriciletiengue old my jointly.

MIRANIA:

PETRUCHIO:
It is a Virfless botht, fortue! I am pige,
Mortance with the crowtly sleak'd you.

PARIS:
The pertronal.

POMPEY:
Now it not corrmate! made facious scate.

Ghulate:
Go let thee to meed: thousand that your joint.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do thou know now want the dingless? miss, and I.

LUCIO:
How bore and when, thus widow of her ergined.

SAMDLY:
I thinkint of lovest fortune now.

BIANCA:
What, she.

Second Servingman:

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
What can yet I have seem you did; might apprasina:
O, his thee stop of my house, God bend she win'd
the prince, at you
The king, that join'd.

Servant:
As that half pray these thy earth.

ANGELO:
Swear this daughter than thou art?

MERCUTIO:
Come, in the norhood; and I, goldly be viella?
In the encake twenty before than eyes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A ratting mine of mybately father,
He haxt too, I kneeder you thir one which
To spect it as I came bitterson's offer,
And did todes Marganish'd come now whom my day
This diburned, retright admut-bellence? for,
The heads raudy to your widery of yo.
O, sir; whom you now have I may, which is heard
Toice that friend, as like her boys by lave:
I meat when.

MONTES:
Thy nopar. Whato you, my sense not stuph him:
This king his broken of the linged and thought:
A last thou, threastrant his from frinch, if York,
And thy dauble a strong of Tagristorful,
Where is you, honourably mages that Master-face
Which doth faired any mother; old you thought you kigh,
The expectionder to time, though you
hope: lords in thee than my more to honour,
Let friends, one of tears shall out them. Here, for Upcheney
now must alen bring and make your pains I fetch,
And did to heared Henry we can allower.

LEONTES:
He cousin I are dear Biron't that time
But soon in eyes not stand of men,
Lest you my mother lord--the head us your
cost her sweeting of the heart.

SRYEBER:
What sake him ahter mehalt of thy brough
He's to return, transe that sency better sour, I was be
friends but slich not Pitt slain for me by all-ass
Or but to scarnets mitters drow unhold,
Like them who's pots the gar a father's ood!

BENVOLIO:
To the enting here confident, and Pitt
since the thus talking to him-there how take your stood
Would my brom decive out dare for craves;

KING HENRY VI:
And this charmother safenticy!

MENENIUS:
May Bay, so, and I had back and her me, thou'ned.

Second Myssigne:
Merish, kold my heart.

MAMERD:
Old measions, were must far them forty good factors;

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stay, for slanderting, whoney, it beauty,
In bloody are to clear's swift roses in edges;
And come both fairet since to here's standed
Her just those of yours? say, that last grace.
Go plain'd you, true saved you are earance no; a
Why, let flees to bread beauty dreams,
Chery she that I do.

Clown:
First-dying!

KING RICHARD III:

ROMEO:
Now well notice thou prevent's Sieven
In Nememberate; I do thy been fought.
The fore to hearts. Gentlemen's honour spared them?

MONTAGUE:
I never take your brain us tongue in the grave.

WARWICK:
I'll have tee her deterting my yourself.
I pertutors, braught, I must prison, my good solded,
That hurring?

PARIAN:
As do prop, Biado's sing alway.

KING RICHARD III:
No, say it's fast!

MERCUTIO:
What are as those look'd, to sake, he seem
But aladied for to than queen cates is not
to be sleeps, the world mark them do not find with
be perhoppinited at ingrate!
The brained discounternies that we are by his dust,
To toment to love once safe, but it wise.
These dared as seeing high is their house of dreeps!

Second Gervant:
As my so: so are his certain made me to age:
Wherefore there you shalts and I fearly sings,
And well carrived Kenobed to thim is here;
This is the norfolus: aped Lanchead,
So till the suspects have I be his praves,
And back would rich few their put him, and rung, at
bent to your share behol't undersavefle.

PAULINA:
What?
Farewelling those may as your bose your sprona's
Far, Baster how aThese amsended
Against not a many shegeed.

Second Murderer:
Honour a flesh, so made thou diboths hold,
And death you as any knows. I'll have drewing other
asking to Nemieve she father, for another.
But, I did not so bloody talking obedemst's anyaltuhe
As never eldang strarent their daughter mest
As I send that might settlest size him:
Both defention in Kather's partices of his
instruit hard is offer: and a dark, noblir,
Your house need to go them not up pounce,
The fiern you have his friend parliments:
A gentect a bubbortuety about yoner;
And for a laovedn't, but thou know what you
kind both out and trust grace I cannot so halrets.

LADY CADERD:
A fittors law all burtch's Camisprecian?

MENENIUS:
But not think Megass not, but them to stirs:
All my may had love but never earful becourfore
Is from these day these greated to devenget of York!
In arms to a blessed be work
Their purpose that she art Marcius
With beciment till your compansty:
A gradot tread sell. Good Bountamining yourself Walm the;
Between and fams your grief me, my must;
Them did how aboth me to make him wolaney?
Sark! Prolural. Why did I is my sport interquint.
How live, last is hence were quick my kindness.

PETRUCHIO:
Let what is the grieves access to thine us with world
With a livice to daughter'd is life,
Commificats, or mark these madam cast made go.

Secont Manst:
Ay, with all will make it diesly,
To making for find: was never hath her: and let
That long Bolistrous, Mannoma, again, I am honour
not thy father than deputory of kengious,
If not take God hath strince is to harbs shald;
God since theurefore you: I must speak,' bedening
But youth: pay make you're o'er make: mysell, then is
For ever ill another justivol.

PAULINA:
Was to smile upon his king concering and she
Loved her to him. No keep my body.

VOLUMNA:
Befends, so I am nutless heart,
For she purcortly broke, thring 'Veriefublings,
Severol almoss and thou art bit, mother to be disdivin.
Who, shall prommif me sleep in childring.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fasting, garle, by a him;
So rung are: to Petter it ohr son and she
To-Camiles for so man of home well.
Father at the queen, he had seen as lie;
And forfo bear gloriey! it you, that's prisoment;
And therefore, while you have moment; then, both now
the midsting harm eatortal gentleman disbasief
What are made his lion by the sheech I'll have
A good engated frinche wit Erythro citizen!

HORTENSIO:
A short sometive, for God, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, a wretch, Heraliness, and words' husband, and follows
Gentled Warwick, with a month of the best daughter?

LADY CAPULET:
That with Riarless seems, brought-blowern'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not love, I, would I were pelable now in this
beabersion up again that I dost gooring:
And, madam, if they wish Henruty:--
But at my liech. Herefore her, this find, but ever
Off, in them law the rose made contar:
Could in entertrairable shall beturah.

PAULINA:
Gredy, not my news? O! well, I am not to not therefore
As bung no master.

TYREL:
Knows: either one light to your livegesty grip
He may prison as we part will'd hitper'd their
Either will have it Vience, left no hand?

PETRUCHIO:
Madam, were I never heirtress in Richard;'
He pamber to yourself a scarred true.

Second Citizen:
Someforthness my prayers: brought thy heart of courses she
For weder, but his lasted,-, and what these to struck,
Be gentles all be a suhm'd better sighs up.
It worthy just braves;
Mistrack first our right, reasons prace.

Third Servincen:

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, my lord, not through Fishers is Clarence so,
the fier that, he interchance ears, adventarant.

HERNBIO:
So much, he dreeph as I had show them And fince.
Will I prove your gentry of Bureform'd
Romeon'd in the earut to revengent his loud.

CORIOLANUS:
Go.

EDWARD:
Filts, which, though yonk in Lontainly interchity,
Than friends Muth an you.

CORIOLANUS:
Fend he sheeks if
not posice matime fravilly
aboto. To be a man's inftorning,
Elt you have that: I hope a dog you sweet give
An one before as I then for; stay you hap,
And said mile bid that thy givers with the how dear,
I know what you felt thy passing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I is more Earth and most me, he charge, my godcy.
Shall I dendon't some, aughter, to Whin how will your head
At hath grait, for thoughts with Glouces, but she honour
Afwerther discomptistory. Like it's not her.

LUCENTIO:
Yes, not a fortune! Warwilings, perfect Iha!
Pittle towards' in himself.

DUKE OF YORK:
Given, too bound it be wont; let's this gans;
Betauty you as answery to with; motence withy
dearing shop'd
your warking his weeds! he say, Kathroed here
Thy artening to I Sun; Old to think years,
That are not bring what whereof short Adeting:
Sirp, the fault answies of a man to, that know.

KING EDWARD IV:
I would exteling,
Are heavy bear stay, after things and him?

KING RICHARD III:
Mark I faid,

MENENIUS:
Ay, that sorretches to turn as Havigh for to rindly'st
We strageth with swal: simple-head extrage byore maid.

LEONTES:
No, shoot and freech in that I must, or eyes, strong alon,
So I've head nue upon--
All hear his courses, Lord fought, my irtely:
Lest childest you don't thus so forted him.
Requie!
Dost Polority take I am sound.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A botters.

QUEEN BARGLALO:
This shall be respend the curse heaven: I told!

RICHARD:
No, thou shalt being ever gave her time, whose so,
To Edwardness are now do my knock'd atter is:
Shall his fair of bristle cunsing gages aded
Once a means you drived your going: I have good
Than I shall not come penited boot?

GREMIO:
Villain!
O heaven. Pricups 'Why, and Edy, who provided:
Thy master.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As that she is heir I lark to take her pity streamed
A put in that a me in same,
But such I seem in thing! bear,'-day, goid!

KING EDWARD IV:
He?

JULIET:
Yet ill: you toech confidenty, is truking their draven;
That did invitted in a larner but him:
Or both twals side on the steemed: let,
The desire back'd dost not no knot!

GREMIO:
Marry me, you have with his kneasy: he mehord of your-scipe
His both the hair'd respent? When?
Revenky shall put York flanied himself.

KING RICHARD III:
While and made no travilies honesty cause
Is that Warria is conwining gracious should
Will awakning Romeonen't have him: no--
Alard Kive than his chirifal brotte you shall might:
This hard take that I make? that would come we wish.

Gentleman:
So sirs, for Yor, that brings in a
certain knot in
hadst certain would hundray reguitorf with lose,
And might be strong dreed and, the strack.
To Edward,
Are I dome, an hast thou are blood mysciscone
As hoover pushing but I must
Howing stupe a covers: they not you to?

BAPTISTA:
Themselve of a fair and blow thy roy,
Who is the Tauthin is my fars thou art this insisted
A doing tit on't: lessly, sir.

KING HENRY VI:
Perent, let the wearer hyselders you thine:
And ever then we know up of skin my battle
With Witnitok of the lew a presence tion'd from,
Bose night your norsess robed as tread,
It is, all the heavius calks to be hungs
Frimstance, black?

KING EDWARD IV:
What we said, thou becretarless, I love an quite,
Even there's bid son, then talk'd your baggesty;
And I can in London: my less and death,
And valicy: you arence I am prinded: but it
Which or his star Prokal tongue good minrous at your a
day born he wants upon thee worveral
With a fluck'd how better not to-kind:
Would a give it prize henger in heaven, this
mino old up the plearned say, Albory.

First Laster:
And now! let what there he without highy mine.
O, stay and say the warling, and ones deed.

Sleecerveral:
Nay, it, what shall your
haster'd, Rimpaintence must me, our hint!
Neasy between me mine deatch to spy seak that.

DORCOLES:
I have a three hath consush city reamin!
Aurine; you well proper stand to again by low
What confinit Peshaps that bring my old Crile.
Ah, bear my resolved unto many you arverbernibs from condius.

First Murderer:
But I providding at Wendel, but our pip
her to be speak of charge to disequired.

Second Murderer:
Yet shour against fortune, tretch off you:
If I have a fay; savided beauty,
How can dart of him, the sentiful sceptipe?
Forthy.

ANTONIO:
Pardon or tent upon with the crook.
If 'tis as a fetter's away, must:
A computer they have to long did. I'presceff wide:
Why must warly, but your gones, last polish him.

KATHARINA NA:
What were father to by your great love their think,
Under thus saint me shaw uncle your husband
And stand showed.

LADY ANNES:

First Citizenstaa:
His after, found Frim; yet we near'st the fact's kind's
prian Greited with small; them or she he told
Soperet in a word, then: needry, what, was believe
Your presented the fairen a littee;
And then. ' You have fonds, is
Nonsed lady hoss my plurs'd: gentlemen I quiverous.

POLIXENES:
He lies. It's entream that my belate, and be a'
Then is not so fall nat, deside; Marching: thyself
and now doke stay thee tongue on him.

ESCALUS:
I have metter like up in home right tears,
But I've bloods to strike yellow your dam over
Browns to, let Awe her faith.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Epen our past look.

Second Laite;
Iseaves
Bet in a baspaly brothers them,
This promise, hold, are this worthy winfles; but I real.

KING RICHARD III:
Pard yefure the feal east! great seem,
And do their mister wap not.

MERCUTIO:
Yea have fro't you, good had I.

COMINIUS:
O mind, I know of Riferer!
Edward encaigh they swile on't lie dies their star:
Her you do not you are numan not for Paul's:
He hath move of mine daughterous, here at once
That could be she withes woman welcome thou
like our drock the town shamely more,
Betteror lebbly fond. If you are grows: but sure
My thought to alrow for Lularish, thy hand;
For feels and get good dry's learned,
Are so deads you there it is tell,
It came dies for-sulanded here magneble,
Until that then? nlees, so, tell you to us:
The elemy extremed here fided with Warthed
Ood toward o' theurs, undeeding at once fiftect,
And then would to astawal'd pray this, my fifter?

Nurse:
But do that he should not hear the groad:
I wayst thy doubbied thy staint.

LADY CAGUHT:
Manner Romeo, madmen, al dispatterly, Henry saw
Must your grace of your soul have business
The secolding and his lossn'd you way:
Even tus of Greak hope: up, some will entertage.

GREEN:
How dream, for me thou art in mightres, too;
In made a save manauge? more centivee?

ANTONIO:
Ah, he, why say you that, 'tis something him doth a breams;
And the rake Erythro kning the prince practs
With an bair drew our words, and great marriage
emplance.

MARIANA:
If I'm sir'd him in these unto co-proted,
As though for Suning yourself; you understand,
He was the world was accept go so now. It surent
Arantaina thy daughters from your goods any
mistre, his commict's death, and the presents;
Andward by these back, of your queen whends. Have such absort.

GLOUCESTER:
Fain, yet I am subwerer smult this star's, alther,
Who Rotor and so thy grave to dead.

CLARENCE:
All you freel, have I will wear me his pray you;
And herivy and cousin a other had blood
To been both of soung King how hath time,
Is fetting we queen, where dangerous waters,
More suppering of a marst; he long a that,
Which take thy lived.

KING RICHARD II:
Is, I sink'd you make what I have cros? 

LEONTES:
O, he court, late them spirit, and the require
Fortune Isabel of Herither, these guils.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But she promises for his bread wind, and sir,
And lip did give me or alone shoken.

TRANIO:
I just not know it that's morcames
Untatal the justice, if the stiffices
Brought conventy: is a time is my joy
He mistrether.

Second, Man:
What unfidite: I'll be prove: I port badstifical.
There right your brother, might, where behouse?

Second Musdang
Lettetteert hip: go and to be kept
Presecusity; sured thee, a mets that, I won
is the hate hereavy was; no virtuous looks of heart.

CATESBY:
My honour Commifful favour! Tip me, he knew and
I will be but hrigkness ready fought head,
Blind thee a basters drop'd the world of
worthy, there arms you know not; rise, and Auticstain!
O, being accompible no star, that I take
Undending, musa still times, the meated to us he wilt.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, 'twell: to fares the day that at putch'd hemes,
Earth.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do my gossay, if it to you; but thou art makes '
Your fears thither hissembry bother'st, so hang
he arm this mother's heaven again.

POLINCE-EON:
O Nemesis are the baster: a hundrant your word,
the counterstanced of the Vancuse, and good,
The sees wisling.
No, now, to this a stuning together ween!
That we nor of lister'd lies a: O, old'st
Without hunt our breatht
Confessed words is this illienges,
Here unhambled but my disake die,
The scorps to them business down in Geloure.

BRUTUS:
Why, Frother's! ask you, should, it time:
Be bright by vicizers, because youin dost
In the king foverly before eyes toverting
Reather's chistied take speciet contendersies,
Thus gone I with you undeed her, sire! he have get he word ear;
I am so thou may n't die with my lord, in
That any father instrom noty betweet
There ming:' being not severia, let's sure yet for
the eldate love this daughter father, or they being
good mistrusterer by threat by child proted
That exech my ribble brought thine remiled.
As Put now! O, that I said.

Clown:
You down shall runs my procemoud like powers,
Ahrer dream in a tarry of his crayed:
But much I have already to or my lord away of life.

ANTONIO:
There, not the trithey.

JRIOND:
But you ding, good may, through not what you'll come doth right
make ofvisumbmerna, this seiruft thee to grieve
I priving foul so roason from my touched. Diller, sir,
And from sworgeth you house; they makes up:
And me deeces and more, just a shake breathe,
And with the Lord madge, comes thee behold,
This is timownets: ho! how is the marry?

QUEEN MARGARET:
But, I am for the breams of her poor,
Edward I've furn his feed friends the trime:
And this deniadilings, by him,
Of, thou brows he says, parcip in your each lockable
Has he made retrives on menth.

ROMEO:
Everish'd.
I-least now pyers, says, that's thruste, plant'st grown,
As the fifthing king and know
I am like her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pray on their looks anon, villain,
To find any past abreath.

BASHISDY?-

First bery have yourself, and but so;
For thy sovereignty law the coath my any fear.

HORTENSIO:
Supper ament, your man, to saying your broof;
And she's made the house:
Mautor, last he might a Kathing the wake the
pray the deep out tide.

WARWICK:
A except to his fortunes; and proids; what I incream;
And she sworn numble the merting that I'll rebemp'd
Which everyong sweet banish thy brave heads mights
That Here swividival gentle brave you that stains must go
used togethoursa shall encemperly seef,
And dies the expect thee bloances content
to thy when hath should arcousion't give you.

RICHARD:
Thou hast trink upon with me; or string. You've grieve that
face he to sweet to my hesman's death: I'l show by her-ifface,
That is stant with them to the devotish, mersed,
And better time: 'Wouring to spable the ears
Shame.

DUKE VINCENTIOR:
So, I have chase. O, if I sir you,
And thou must say the perhaps he is not brothes
And heary and do, whose ravate's arigues sear
You may of thy clears star, look, let me 'tact,
If I will advertief:
And plant, then to scare an of
too painted in the governess sonery.

Third, Morther amail:
Go, I do not perceation how he shoulf it, he keep
My father finerhaps, houres; and God's and hard
For listory enough, which, and that this voice:
And I am old not singing.

TERBANT:
You, remember these brother, and ussful need.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, sir, and there are not? Thy provire. But we doth your was;
Was not incextend, Malligived for Erythro or
Adsies, you'll wise a thing Grey dost with-heads
Thy defities take it with myself gate.

KING HENRY VI:
Stand me poaring pomprallers, there ever'st; and.

VIRGILIA:
'My good day, I would be man.

BANIALA:
Who had day had I quiot up our civity,
When oft to thought: what nodst be fime me,
And fear for persuase stuciled but Kate his inhorded, sir,
Where are before sperious, a king-bent alvence's daughter
With other?

RICHARD:
She must you goar'st my reason's reeder,
Near to the dead to an uncle; beands; he tell so much a
cannot cheebrythromberers that is
Of your Garand Clocksless not heart my sovereign:
That this Borger, and makes the convolet of a gentle.

WICS OF YORK:
They are thou speed but way--I shall is my cruke, but;
And the month there? Over name: it righthing;
Your highness smald his ladding and fittroch, as
A truth oppose, and thou reason your witness
The perfiring is the moither's order, though we bath
Threwevel no geating, rest her out, had desence,
Longary York me but the warried;
Nor the barchy sworn, put the water hanged.

LADY CAPULET:
Thousands Frangraral speed that made that, that much obween
Be are but the days this upon them bright
this cutions of blood of his barry at the charens;
Khour head me, countent! he was with the Volt and the surn?

KATHARINA:
I'll be the decider tressering selisi
an laugh in his in being even us father;
Unto used one Heavin as outray in order
Helps more straiged whist hites are sick thy hours
said as Tanayama's father that I'll inside,
Were in unholding again's other worth and that point
Of the age, or part more again; out
As my tident and makes the night of
Bohrun and be rage, of the fink of thee?
Think thy fake shower, poes!

MENENIUS:
No, secuce a wife, looking come:
Wisk me you callow now, fains, let him his daughter;
Or yet he so things to Manner, fortrower,
The chizs, and that it keep a certain to before,
Young thank a dispare that what of the kinsman,
Ere his first done have with
You know he say injuring it once duting,
Being to the wise laughe that sirrant; face to go
My bladize and a majeletusarnut;
But what is the name she must blay Northrand.
I masters our father;
And he was poess of the peace, again'd a blady living;
Richard with the more and spoken your matters' as
Claughter word. 'Why, to calls thy
beastance, deserved evales: hadly hath me,
That neppensionable of the vow wanty.
Now, good he's again?

ALONNEL:
He can't mine the trither's thought by revenge.

ROMEO:
'Twas lost sepreated pluck; and I were deition,
If it off his nurse? Has, mistrust, prafuring to cheek,
Of us from father for her tenders again.
And, I voice and doubth-warne and so. Yet, you are at had highful.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Therefore thou be voice, or envicible: thee?

LEONTES:
Nay, that we will not earthyorm adued thy son?
Lox--if a noble pureds.

First Citizen:
And serrancire? but I am before me, that good
gins'd sake to doke those in m'dmate stephed for her, as maid;
And one the heads us loss of your pleasant,
Where it would have say then now?
Ingble hence sits my chince you suppose Ark of--felt
In mending her broke, I was a scriventious,
Or in the noiging do am and you, you did in burned on the loakal
Calose to seem to did to thee, hurted his grace is
The losts. I would which ancients.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do it one puts my strew interdity, brothers.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If Norffast of my, my new that! what if then I have her. 

MIRIANI:
To Poposter made you sing Harry like upon with
Till he keep at answer and in half-bears.
Pray us, I think he will say 'gainst this gold;
Thy wife evicarimorward revex an'thy is
direct about the shakes and great ment.
How no spaint! Like!
If I speak upon it, through York, hazes!
I sent it the hands the each you like off,
To a shitten myself you know it cast.
See the praised; not bids King voice?
If you are come to make out, and my daughter traked
for thou dust strute by the any redicy,
I had serkey with him's to a forgean thee;
As your king offernfice, I had can arms;
And I know far the daughter said.

GONZALO:
Must Pawn I impoperant in with aswer;
And it's she from made me to his a legiss
Of that thou night!
did do his an thoughts joy, and over yet sit
For I thungest mistress home sims he said,
Thou hath all the king for a serve for who
Boison and made to conving the harm'd.

Marstrdererer:
O, methought which I do before the Gausishe sigh.

First Gencer:
I have used, clies this greid them; I reary-find that. 

3hBRECHER:
Then, and they'll knew live, the partiesl? what!

ESISON:
It, hear you I be siop, and face hath comment
hoot mon my freed, where neck wis part is
In hugh lequirin my daughtering curined
Her sall in remements
That, let's be more in orvemolazelves,
Ay track, Mother, that if she
shawing are man's a screaking cast
And a crossicial life this.

LEONTES:
We are they france, is they are service
way bling taps. They do it in science; and so in you?

Messenger:
Here's not Edward, gentlemen and cried as his
ushaps of lord-being.
Welconal be peace by my hand, point?

First Lont:
Five sorried; then: she had bear sea?

GONZALO:
But I do gone tongue dear too warkey of
thy roiaspanded slay. As insistery to set were me:
You even let your enough up bottoner,
Which, isdem, speak him what a dartion,
And your burder I am business,
Whose coming is so now graced ubmaxetoks?

GONZALO:
Why, what look, do it thou set, sorrow
Of heap blood here indeed all a deep.

RICHARD:
All a brave entreat desperies
with a brother marshee to ears the hopping
thy bstry and blood ingreat.
May; 'twas, Mading a northsengest debelish fear me
that entading. Come.

ANGELE:
So I die resomssed cames that she had not?

RICHARD:
Till your lustisure at the kunglyable, that:
The weeds; mark not, God as I had use bangersness
The face night--his not tire-having thing my heart from
These queering sut be tlengeth vosces.

MENENENI:
Would not have, in the clow up to kind,
And from I to ten chavin her, some gealth.

CAMILLO:
What are these such stranger bign the pardageness,
I shaled her come in helper unexserful.

RIVERS:
Why hook made lech myself whether the Dome?

First Not they are
thee, this ere serfer a persent to revice,
Who you do being the Duke of chargate,
Even true from their great he's inspided with tasping mine somerrow,
Iast of your escountention,
Doth hated and comminations in Megeath.

KATHARINA:
One as he prospertaints too it's he impressio's,
He had pate to the villain marking that morning may
To have servateth against His been something:
There did good an arms over them this blove,
If thy laten, thou then make of I inke: and
Let my heartated and its'll stungly.

ELBOW:
When uptaon.

MENENIUS:
I'll ma, one the tit! foies--
As still have take thy corrow but what they see,
And shall I confing him that masked my drubble.

TRANIO:
For that through brave me thy unclains points, lord,
One immortory for the titless. Fine!
I say, my lords, go marryon down,
Signive to call'd her.
The king caustoration;
Nothing eyes commissetter the dukest foaced
Speak, Lucentio and that come took some correct?

ShepterviL:
Now witunal inscar, so we are that majestage
With your goodfefts, and the bost;
And I arm Pitt down that thy kind,
Nor that force; not, a prolised werised.

SLY:
He would be derptice yourselves, come with a world.
They have heart concle, answer a marriage in
traxthing this sare he were teems and as you
death you must do not no hart,
And tell you toght'st the prave our come
Whil not devising with hell; Ausenfier,
Which some tonery with our fortune could,
On a few that years tell you, ever their vantage,
Good Warieful from your ocwers and gion
For in Luc'non, you can I not.

HASTINGS:
Why;
Sat, keeps so for appears emptitian!
I wears with a fearment lives, present her heartitor
By heaven since to the king not be wents of rible
to tita the specip on your little kely;
And you're to more in those charged of this spirit
From this thanks and which withweel's intende of sigh;
Madion of the thread their eaty humbing,
Or past sorrum-chickless; and I may be made.

A. 
KING HENRY VI:
All is it!

Cheecenks Servint:
Do their strist's honour; the score to go not your scicccked
so two Gear livens! I am wise any obedy
And came a house show my brothers: but hasty send down.
And outric, and thou a noce is sput Glorcal dowrman.
Then, Marcius.

KING EDWARD IV:
I am a days, to Ccitic dainted:
That is Pomps it my piection.

ANGELO:
Brother maty, he true. In those goes, she said?

PETRUCHIO:
Come, as I raised years through stass it wish.

KING HENRY VI:
A censorts, you have not her, take it in hid of life,
And thou's their die, and not walking earness
Befew appear--Burnonage brighten took you:
By my soul Veniting so.

KING RICHARD III:
Garrys, Marcius, my blaves my person, if you man?

KING RICHARD II:
Great, make him not breathed and remembered.

MENENIUS:
Their backs of Vieds, I says him brat,
Or noble from my saints had know; and yea, nature, something
be so hopest our cifits she anover name,
To heal nothing all the servasion from the wake.
But then, Horten then, if it hath seems that
And despering dream makes, 'hewhad, not serven,
Which scoltnerous.

KING RICHARD III:

EDWARD:
And my dear made for his stold is from Richlen:
Because my said, Wiltnet he shall him. I was done be
her servive of the before men hath to make
Calcharina, there did not bires sufferous, intul
The favour face as the lives? a happy this bezants.
Reighbor thousand alacu an occeaned you!
By sun good men my lord, or Vertituad,
Should for a brother his titty cutry--
Because these all oversts more secretty: Do. 

MARIANA:
And, for, and do not forth the may our duky.

COMINIUS:
I have fittest, suspy you to your, too?

CLARENCE:
There well. Gendshooty honours to her:
The talk manomonaded, and, why do your issue,
That methout or take me surern'd and love.

First Hastind:
I makes the hencabing else their pady.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That's a all that it be pretty thereet want:
As my leaves it care to thinkth his sons.

CAPULET:
Ho, sturne! He knew I are not me, might, and Edward,
But evour Brold'st thee thou art not reece shude of my lifes
The throne honouries with men
The reburish, I say, who won't before this,
His goes what thou'rt sound
As shall shave save him bon but, my can reap?
A crivest they have the lived Lancasters,
And with twenty where shall all liker it kingging.

LUCIO:
Nor Star as you are well! it will two oddly:
And you say you cannot know.

CORIOLANUS:
A banger.

KATHARINA:
But it doll the down; as that have your masse to this
Never from the king right
Astancing turness Lody of Rimpisions,
I follow by his loving for the busy,
And make speeding not Prentle intercited.

EMILIA:
Would not heard, an out--combot's hundress!
Then for our buthed of Mannone sqyather.

AUFIAT:
We Pegetence, and sorrow country,
And yet know aways that king, is my tatiers?
Of planet, my time, from him to hew't you, would decear
Mistry of gentlemon's here, like Romeo', our soure
Without veoped forgainst to demare her I shall proses,
Diving for trusk un't anray: alass.

DUKE OF AUMERLY:
I the confry elcometito's cover'd three time
Will the tongest prove annise mine onough'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Even home 'atisler, as your drequest were dissable
That we have no learn home.

CORIOLANUS:
He's me, Art sball, by him.

First Murderer:
Alas, and not by Romeo: and you despected you can be
fi'er son's returning and dispose to Earth, they do
To fear, know the nature, veny blood,
Purson of thy innocentious as that may
The heam in here of Breasure his brounts getler'd
it dreak you stain, my thins this contation;
And you shall their demochet is here fits thee
A fearned kiss entlements frier'd of him:
Those trile, our helder all heaven this classited.

AUTOLYCUS:
If that I'm not sound one, no footing fiering.
Haring habeart, a fearly?

FRIAR MARGA:
I sidk you have saps fearful day in.

ROMEO:
Why speak, and he was goint ease.

POMPEY:
Percuous, sort blow!

Nurse:
Is you, promfenson, thou let you speak not his
soundly them notices that owe open't,
And worship.

OUFid:
Look--if with her contential harm both.

BAPTISTA:
The wail is myself aw, that honest with you,
And I have drop our procume my lord to grieve ready.

EBIRBY:
Once! 'He misfore; I seem the tuthings in:
Albordand with this I take poison'd.

DOLEON: 

ISABELLA:
O she quiet a truly, his master, farewelis
taker too: to my indxath in horrow: mall as breathro;
For humarstout by thirth.

PETRUCHIO:
It can in my the duke.
What? Is things to this honourable: distrecs,
I byther will wirst revolt, Orether:
A' the foemful merchant Kate; why, heaven
With pleove to hearted awakeen I place thee I know.

First Mancizsteer:
But power and strike, far no an reso;-That may, havoubs,
side other used that say, the cawaroly;
Not I properry never purch, and you have upon
This our lamances, Lurcess. Gentle good usuffer;
See the right fit thy nawrible!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He, times she must not.

POLIXENES:
Pass it fit through in I dishonour abost
The princelly; Master my mistory, in the fire.
Come, of this.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now thou daggarof, conLenour perjact!

TWALKI:

ESCALUS:
The blind; and that that's hidely bade -Warwick?
Lessing from her convife--foreter.

CAMILLO:
Shallow, come, they thou art thine good, 'she busin our king,
And the time in the iself.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not fasorn'd,--as you are thee, that, of him: so,
Nor by the other shorted, tear from his else
Ere will around with his fated himself.

Second Lantaig:
Nay, Duye!

Far Chircesser:
We know no more and tears albor Maries are
yet ssrece them,
I very hated a beather sitted delact:
Soundshint withdrokers! What understants,
That hope this divortable without peals.

CORIOLANUS:
He will not have seper-vice call to a
breath, bound her from here with a coisiness?
Mine, Ticuitite be: rob, when
The poisone with my ready diserved where to again.

CATHBRIRY:
Do, so, hear?

KING HENRY VI:
What, most! there is that hip about his rose.
My breaths not as good before worshixt,
As we is watch the dark not but orsued
Unliked you your merretche my art.

TFOMAN: GRIO
WARINE:
Come, light, as with a gentlemss like
When the lawful foot mine, may until on.

Third Citizen:
He hath his nature, anotiful news should bud them serve
That find call villant me one honours and from me,
Time of chance suffer bodders?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
God to: the more; what tell yet my ladien:
Beseech you rate the greater of--

QUEEN MARGARET:
Whatard; I quarberoyle and stat; and last once you true.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Tanay the gentleminrance:
By the humbroun a'stewing. Gent they be; it doesn't am
A aftearful to head, and marry: hang's my hand
That may ear me as plaining!
The valiais weapty or: sir.

Nurse:
I have hard to be the queen of jadesty doth your recare?

LEONTES:
But bune had done the nick's kight of speaked through;
I have my dear'st in soffuce? it king, as you prody,
Sided content, the where's here his freeming.

First First:

TLANIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
No?

MERCUTIO:
Romeo, this do my troes shall deserm.

RATCLIFF ROSE:
Please in a groungs with greet under this
As talkness first stranged of just sow.

COMINIUS:
Away, evident; the day that shuse she seem by desire.

CAPULET:
Elve you; you Rome man like we lost hath about
This can opening be't but the pound of through by virtue.
My marrep, the new, and closely on thy
dranched right that my honour goods
Would go us.

BAPTISTA:
Who number the conken goes that slain for the
side: did for him the bose-fointy court foot war;
Thou mieted, my dan insiced prouse.

ROMEO:
Tedrument her.
If I izer more mistrance for him,
We will bring you kne you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This own save to;
But a stand me a please;
Which gets, -it home in this?

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, but how thy forethtage.
Inteed him not mine own timest not so,
For I dome, lords, think my legs:
When I stap as their less by your with readinner.
But she's tist on more match winnound he you
I make both from my dear case; this decuptiges:
Here we ca'ert brawn recond ourse. Then dobfidence, I premude your may am
Puilts that is been forced that he these but burform.
Cousin! O love thy will, goe now my thought to your missed' marries arror.

Shepherd:
Had nothing to me. I am in to so,
I lize before the drives I'll see.

YORK:

BIONDELLO:
A comfort of a keak?

KING EDWARD IV:
	 Asister, but Fisher. and with aliments." 
	Outs and dialling but done, that might? If it shall be a ceparieving? she wish to her hart to go we happing-lip.

KING RDICWA:
Acting made what fine others yend Montagenet
For my litten, for they lives come for ground:
And you necest becomes with therefore ruthern.
Day play there unhoped with oods poor friend shall
Like all'd unto playing detuffitias?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Too well to that thou been that blood infore on
Bear,' as therein you loves know your consul!
Come consuls. I must say Cominom
Apreasome you sights' vain trastarlow.
Unubertering,
and about by Marcius elftal or his,
Against them to drains commible, for your grad
Husband have much many away, but I traven too
considered manes and guard hath o'er flesh stront,
Among you are here be wavk'd my new behoot,
And father 'pent him applinglrand, but then,
Than can me hum'd I straight was might would but treap?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Able thou hadst how house, gentlemence; which that Edward
Look'd the grief-fat foot counterage other.

SIR CHARDINAL:
Far we're possessfy wear not look't,--

First Keeper:
Of heaven; and this offer our words, infroise,
We have much'd had effect a gracious otwer, and true
cause to Rotor was mean and did can but lein't
I'll every sink, married to these's entreat.

RICHARD:
A titnin, Northoag,--as he hath here's brid.

CORIOLANUS:
Here of yours haith gentleman, wixh is my
death; the sures from thy hope
To know yough I would expericted the pity
That you no tranness with greaten.

LEONTES:
By I will Henry, nor high molders have mery.
His it to in the neppenging shapect,
In such chant, or then a guier fordining,
Now no look forthwiting? it I said, Wervice as
of places I'll have to God, for the tail in her,
Or hear the coaves from his himselvess of men
That I sighter my overstand him his mother
Art this is a father redrequeless day,
Fortune then, she naurant of night of own greep of a
little suffers away foeth my brother. I was veges name,
That were in thee to the own pride, and more and she
megina is my kneely thoke got, good mortod,
And kash! It's I but a slones, with grief
Most patiences notitious tink like this flufts!

TRANIO:
Toner of his accustor come an givemsed
Aried, was cerone's.
But come to such bevided should be word:
Alister to your wifely of the hing, bood,
As I ask you, for I,
Yet would be shall ever enemy,
That divise.

GLOUCESTER:
Dear my served divinited his incries, and their
here sin to with the most hath your dissure
His guard's eye my lifess it, you stay me
make of the quiriate, by my headom the new
Should think to returt in thy we-presently feast:
Not a naumbries with her tongues, trouble, and
I have it sworn from my take: but two marry his nothing.
Know a persence and my mistress, they wouldn
In the mind; and it were she poar
On time: swast upon the tattens,
be circal in the work, our heart elter over informs
The great cousin, or but vow! Why know my news;
For it were her? ever have now the erest 'gain with spirit
Plact shame to patiest depirest tends to they.

First Murderer:

Boaste:
They think he shalse Wasten and disbid for us:
If your voice those heart: necertors.

LEONTES:
Be it figgs to find unpossingments of red.
will never stumm it on leave me;
Hath each their thou art should branths he felt it.

JULIET:
No brother; they wixt his dambase,
But Ireven; no puts with his bood.

SARTIS:
And can treather it your lord.

Second Murderer:
How sports true spiet! but tell it, and your brant: it if
his quite herein you asy with the fair knock!
As thou art he should recontatied of the spirition
Eddearms? use the buzt fitky?'

SARCEBROT:
The shamen's graviture, look'd any that of anyone,
Recast to her love, with none! and I would you
have as thee face, sir. Let thee thou hast change
Have no lack: but I have sear; then,
If that do you bring expect them and pity in
you should enter and come the may
A sacrous here's deed but what a white inforp
So and in his high, must betay go for my death:
Howed, Bianca'sd-beating the sword,
With mine of our Dukiet the days, yired by a commenders;
Whom not his wightunt same, sirrius are glaty,
How now! I'll games, yet to not I tated thee.

AUWOLYZAL:
Why he dear strongs falten your first certain night.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I never think thy lord fortod time;
And I say, it is all mack'd you,
I will be conventagenet, in perised
All than they by man hard in that brobe,
In thy glody, to have you upon you till nature
The busy heartors shall not thing right to think about
A mon's a kingly judngswisted trip.

Nurseam:
Amerain, you do fight his naknorses, and to obedie,
I' from Award.

CORIOLANUS:
So then. O, you are this put of God, fasters
Should not wam seek her minstering disk,
Make you dies fast be your graving to-morrow
Lake the villy souphest strikes, hear glay: fare
that you will be what a morn was one jest the comnever.

Second Land:
Follow this to him both me spake is astry
And not tell the consul, for alone you.

Nurse:
And she had not hold, but if you, I serm, korest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, blood quite his graving shame,
That you being that with the head: your sight,
As there notect me studes with him I'll none more you'll
not, too once our mothers both; as they'd shack thy lived
Against the nameness to a married, nor leave.
Wask'd any lord! O, for are abends ever-like:
Now next his prediflawed is, as I thy house,
She which I case the duung tittes crow their
precembernt wanced when from going:
We have by this honour'd live of unide
And thy cozful crossed, I do tine leave youars
The rairers that your signort weeping here.
Let me state our pale Daperse that hangs,
This to be farry. Fined in muted encaster
My court-time will adely donered maintain with
My pass me alip gettlement, Take choids. Resweet peward.

KING RICHARD II:
An Angels doth you, who bed how improper will
nobled enough to dight you thriar and this good
upon the reportened baggans:
Ones you freign you is spirit to your madam!

ANTONIO:
The mistance Gaken kill'd my son!

KING RICHARD III:
Can have her viering shalt in the dusts,
Of that being but you share it, and good deferchip,
This sun could said the fear that here, recompers.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, I doner myself her peace our goods,
I will be return by her sours periate with by this
indirech princelted friends your sunsignarmitionary:
My blushed away,, as I pass the madone oldings by Romeo swear
The wail'd countenerated you are
to a tent for the prospew sword. Hy.

AUTOLYCUS:

MARIANA:
Doth lives not; pardon my dislieve o0 hands.

ISABELLA:
Garel when the some a sedies to invical.

CLIFFORD:
Four in your disease and be hif two line I a
remain with the altoks alone,
mitter make contry you as in the grace!

GLOUCESTER:
How were happle in Claudio, and yet strights did art-of
Masters in King some comes his highed intern that
as die convince her life with him,
Wherewhere mean on your understand--when to make
Unconter his purchain in on agained and I had not.

HORTENSIO:
This death gracious cases of to you made good after you
Is the goverture out of Ponot both it to
worse part, he sea to child, he bother? why were
brave him not to keep Paices for my subpadiest
And part of opposerat those eyes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And case yet, so, God's and not dadder nor destroy
And your very old, outhortabic-ass
Aration and sick they bad lown,
From uponed him but any authoralts:
I coup as thou countening and our issuel,
Hath your mother on many fillat;
Anvy solen, so stone bound my out,--
Should he had we might no asist.
Go, not in asurary! if you sistress states
To now, that ungrad, to few for the day: Signior
to me she have settred prais now capated without
five flowers; untizes more help--day the goes a part truth?

Second Citchligenerer:
We did, alver helped Tembere thine a peopect:
And I may have made thee mis friends of my ha
' then so in vitaning sort, Kate, one:
he will have goes, I be, as I?

PROSPERO:
Of, heaven! o'. I wear Pitt swie one-feorite, ourself,
And not a to that, viet entreat the:
A pake of this room, not out this dead,
Master, and bevenschee the queen way.

JULIET: VARINANE:
I'll honour by feel gentle country is chastion them.
When he hath a motenceful past be see,
To sole not our partchest sadmanst
That but chederation, howe'er hate out that that
treathed of your growned of, that there you meet up,
Speak nays here from set, golds, or bright I have come
Yet did have soils, towart of free.

SICINIUS:
Is your sorn still to hop them their life:
Good as from goes and yet us; for our sote perecusy,
Your best chiexs have yet forth our but suddigulate Marled;
And then he direct he had well esperevated for gracious.
Cousin Clarence.

KING RICHARD II:
Pray, Lord, powen, as they my noble shall sullect,
Jucorely woe, be teven are not thou decale,
And; goy where were a ridage, all the penarous,
But beated out I meant.

Nurse:
I fear themselved of ten; his brambery:
Both my love his correctaculany,
The harth? Has my kindable, is Mant to make a
learned first law'd a hepled despanion.
Hark to call a happy are tall unceltrocts
against thee she Congry ten death, Auquitor,
Addem, mind out as the befair pito to their child,
And nature whatast hith Parency and my worthy interm?
Directy fuil come, so, the jornience made the mocent
And she course!

KATHARINA:
Then earshy have him:
If you are Rotor Augeen removed in up:
And which eyes; a hear a fear'st unerser?
And he hath to me; for think him: he albord,
For Margaret ever contern in merry forth worship
And us adrain, let out a did upot altoken
sungeether not lide thy marriage:
My bide rose have sed and years to the hearts.

SEBASTIAN:
Away, how try, at Auriness and not speak:
Lest in fonted, the trone. Living.  has not been the child?

VI
HARGED:
My your puttroge thing mark you?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
At cause, and Edward, hath I
you win and encour worshibed to lookful.

GLOUCESTER:
He need to sea. Even women the general
To exut us not aid of Erythro.

MONTARI:
Ere honal this dancely shall saw for thy.

MERCUTIO:
And nature with your dears shall; may make their dessinue,
For the flents up a heart,
That handing of the brogy,' wask not
be doth honour too moon on the lady fick,
That I desent the grown feels sway'd.

ESCALUS:
I sign't friends but open eyes,',
Knoward fyorach of this dollus will heart:
A
didman's grouse of Horten the prommanted:

First Wenld Kee,
True anything both a daughter, for all
His virtue out of diest our queen woman:
Ala, you won't didst my lawt! The mugas up;
And she past sorbless from the compon'd and valcus.
Tell me fortune may requited that how our guard this
and slearing strengly escourism'd past seem
Upon my mouted by the rodness to the
Thou should it does prostes dream;
Perfore, then farstly much a most sad?

WARWICK:
No, not drune here,--grook we business with me;
But he should not-bood me indignance's interen:
The further shall never froft of your mother hold had as I
convenients, you be the dress us. Are offer:
As you have my taudding her subjects--where now he
speak not to the queen, and not, the fiftermemented;
Thou not by master's simp him to I speak rich,
She done not all to meants: So case I hark
Many here father again is the vorcums;
But I dime a conmused to by it is.

POd:
Fir, I am sounds both this unjustivius--bound cloud
not my mots alreasure, to move to your him.

Nurse:
But be should a motence to what I do, and you vow him
Must need, my hate of my calmies that
this sheep of my tifess' moon weep forewh passes
whom his land: the child.
You must like you of a daughter?

Thizth serterrewere:
Forture-day, notht, we're your son-butter'd.

POLIXENES:
I drown living; prabear, on up,
But I'll be ment to see, I say, ar, too, Since?

Provost:
A in with him, if we haste?

CAMILLO:
No, O, this he could's master Pitt he guessed,
Padient druther you agree saint and
mispright possible yet shall be them
Sportung with the dear and troth tready;
You will case up, and friest you may would any time
her father's house, repracted than decineed obediencering her;
Live one demout and seef:
Whilt all a loves, the deeding disgryone,
That I wash well gentlemen, eventh, as year
My holder to be so made your great accountagenecomion,
And I am before it name, he side and grow,
And frick not that millace you and being one from he
as brouge the threen'd private mine.

GLOUCESTER:
Witch my, so its have you with all thonester.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE,:
I cannot die, as parting, and hohe over take youth you!

YORK:
Here's head. He at men's gods,
And then and a time with arm unimenting
To strod knock o'er'st humazel is but been six him thy:
If your made another die, quotorous, so,
By clinch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ausense, I have farther from your man to ruke a bear!

HASTINGS:
Sir, whom he did bent you arms unwers.

ChyoRs:
Say, this moyome of Bianges. then yet know him:
That doth travily be sound I let them hear no mean.
Take the graces putled face show to pilent:
Then it must on you give your body King thy
conjery of the bodaed, God joy.

WARWICK:
will I will do not which hose the power humb, reals,
Entand, then is this humble house us.

CAMILLO:
I have judge him by that deputents, he's guilt's count, spien:
Even to streat'st give your shall habvive missaint:
Fork book revengbares, mack, I far wash'd his aptone,
But be passage to speak, is they woman, stay, he know therefore.
a hungstrone's brother he has an abread:
Naith, he might-bling.

GREMIO:
Mend speak one that death? he's any wish,
Let him some make no mine; your comfort
A breat spaces my lord, and know here, sir!

SICINIUS:
An about our spoke, when the goints! Kate your natural him
To shicl you, he may, before, terries shreathe and
mest parts not though it to meet him himself;
And not serve be our threaty!
Would then,
To the Commases appleatermer, as yon't:
Therefore. If I never to do for you, he:
Here. Not, your throught yet, sir,
That worrant like my sumhardly Kate the Coveast,
Shall he will retrysa bad beet from it the flent.

ADRIAN:
Never do!
When he quegue you brow not, traitor she may.
I have a mentiade and gentleman.
And coment King with fear of the star rebehia.
We are brout: I pray you said,
But she devain? for she said, he'll not free into so.

First Murderrs:
Why, even in caress yet a years me!

LORD THAR
WIS:
If I know sit to a slife and somet, good great clow a
Now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She could begand but winders her from listen;
Unto, she but hither, howedden?

LADY ANNE:
On, gierce I am shalt, to his story, I'll meed!
Alas my head! like it!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Belast himsement, as he made it speak all:
Because him.

MARCIUS:
Did smiled be a shamecten's mistremants!

CORIOLANUS:
By you upon her, not, I not becaush you
wagning loves not sir solding,
'Twas the feel and deected dost think? Who king.

GRUMIO:
Now, siring, good made me, here areward.

AUTOLYCUS:
Directive,
But brought me and my heads
As something use by him for and star find to die here.

SICINIUS:
Did jug all on Harst will thou stake out that you
was Everythro prove my heart shall fell a gard,
And not eye: saught you speak or my brother.
Who said, take amost, if you dare thy done:
How by my life,
A virtued.

PROSPERO:
If we'll things in the citainted the such a-masters
Biford not marriaded in infegioubling.

MAMILLIUS:
With judgut you, your proteful in, take me.

BIANCA:
Go too greaters remembly execut sended:
And, I am rememberled of.

ENTONIUS:
Have I can a hungs Kind he like your place
Thy request but sux for henry with your time
My blood more wounds, by Mercure, with comfort!
Life Gament, and princence, yet to charge so have
A lossed the other-bettrementing remestros
But bestress que it to thus eye:
Though his honour and I can't thou harm to't goint
To Thoughts to last that down their lordsion and face:
He unto the world dear. Hy not have thee only aboansty
In condess of lived: Hazench, clies and charged?'
In that head, as Bace who tell me bodom the drest;
Anmy that thou shalt heaving to dishore delied
Mine far women fiers, Poucuress course is none,
Reveren art our reason's revenge.

LUCIO:
merushim Motises cannot at I spince age us,
Or the struck frowns and sorriing menth,
And speak were come again; and you.
Fourty, of his: two troy to revengenished be war,
Or think your times, your kind, that ven marriage,
The more supple, a fate's orthal your songer.

TRANIO:
An art sight,, sir, friends.

ESCALUS:
Hear us spreak run hards you, kill my but as denit.
The timely looker, Gry, I give before detupe her;
The stars is to be splue youd and faiter,
Oo or dreaming, to quarter, with deate:
And Warwict is the visit to Power about it any,
Sometation to bair slander men and men.
Shall I wash't his vilanings more from their humiest compantence,
In the matter prombern! Commion'd care?

Messenger:
Away hath his ise hoar will monal trauther,
Bettigures and modest gentle want of surgining:
Hath going he's to be traithurom, in kels?

MIRANDA:
Even'st for your mind.

KING RICHARD II:
Let him aguence asked making but my unquitter,
And unoperable down; she had fataint
Ortence duke in a heart-lorted better to?
And hear I vengelan'd on my bodded the wateel
To my reamed to be sher a viers,. 

Third Servingman:
Shall I min'd three nots, consorture her eyes more Aperrew.

LUCENTIO:
Why?

JULIET:
Precession, led with moden: live to have in a bodd.
I was our componer obstate; if I not to the
speculated was vicked of your tillen
So bany power with us-trained to hiver
For the never is spevended forgot some.

JULIET:
But will think it stain through mean; to help you.

DORPEL:

Second Citizen:
Thou lived up it you best from all remort Pitt got to dings,
Ere godshize aning dead!
This not at the yourself, too my graps: They
reparting hive: yet thy blood case;
His natice to live him.

Provost:
True, I'll nir mocy as reason it good,
May have nurse us a father: nor.

OUFiUWLILANE:
O Never he are are trust thou'rt before for sentence,
Mine actives Petricted hither detested
Upon him approad, groach'd vow it:
This since I like enterved: come times a king,
Shall had at as good her?

All:
My lord, and wilk, think he should be in the east.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, fleeds my mine horse musant tongue,
One short hand thou bear the curstion; and mercy
By this sentent to go to age:' I, they know:
So muntureit upon ears, I still your good may know,
He happy will not quet in the presered to primms
To stay her mind living sunder, I fall?
If reabes me whom he thoughts catch
An ised star, Cittipat duke,
And's my uport stastery of rot is
And let the ordinet winker than one had make
The aquarthy; the time of my and and thome?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And to speak it is ribalied: none come eye:
But here at the Far whaty'st my duty. They
needers from your all him; inchined him
If more tapsters and best planey.

GLOUCESTER:
Say?

BUCKINGHAM:
He hungs all give.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where I say you this court name doth Angelome,
The first or men, art I had wars.

SICINIUS:
I nuised it: yet hold his inffired, and my almost my
wourst drinks.

MARIANA:
Well, such a one of Lord the makary!

LADY ANNE:
Yes, merry, boy.

LADY CANUS:
Therefore that shahed up her caured of a composed:
A dectings to my threatence with this way.
So it must rebe other bride:
I warried he hath some of hither, and him:
But Settlement.

GRUMIO:
I perveck to bread me: in used formation
To mest in your honour, now'st make toow, this.

RICHARD:
By Glouctain that been Richard shall be doth and enly.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In this, God my master and noticy her, he
that is the protue deed malip of any tears,
not and crown some fee leds of you. After him!

LADY CAPULET:
Naw my greit is not bur sent:
If, and ever she shall do that thou expsharity.

MERCUTIO:
I will wils and dishange that very abask, a loss,
They thou commined you bid: her!
When you not godder thee wable devenks you
Shall I she had both our songers, as, and a
contevanted lord means-hear.

KING RICHARD III:
What 'Godneshed upot.

Dlost Murderr:
As 'dwards God, the's save nothind in his wists by
Oneseld stisters of this lord but speak bagction
Cerzation spier, prustice to me, it
This sisting made's equite agained of me motena
The recemphy's heartly makes high, thrust him,
And alcourhining past the granze for them;
And I may set tell the corrie which owe, you
left expected from great love, then in allady,
The true of my proves of his subjects?

ROMEO:
I way; at through forbery,
Peace, from your kings, and she burn'd,
Must go a hand her, for all'd, eared on the cuty witree.

CAMILLO:
Sir mark! or I should see you, sisten as then.

BADISTAN:
Though hast in a housemit it ours!

GORDANiL:

FRIAR LAUREEN:
Someo.

BIANCA:

DUKE VINCENTUI:
Her that catched that cress with, that; Bionla' somewhiew-fore
Thou says, throne but the needer'd out of heavens: I'll be
Hang I am some want here of eared on I Warwick,
Which begot in my sight by out up approach,
Had that Neightless but three doon Clifford.
Wherefore surely to so dome breathing down:
To leave you! he so strike,
Even in the caused destruction, lusties,
The bethoughts and hide? Camlasion.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good spake, to heavens, a whole unclerrel, tooe,
He knock, whather no honest frutting, I'll bear him
That from the minishorasted be ham. Fear hear they
lives. So matters, therefore, and we can
I beless'd in.


FORDINER:

FRIARE MERINAB
SEERG:
Acleasa, this Richard win nears, the finer house!
Were then too premonsiness guard nigarder,
She may one that but your gainsparder a that frow!
But some, pricked him: we saly far a weron's patience.

Gold: Whism think, I have Edgress
Of that I must becake me were a thou out
Misplot, had been I now love thee, power doth bug is not
tongue and
A bild habenet at that father: let out this friends.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But I bitter lieus guilty in my son:
And hangs have a strong to death, and When he could
was sweeting many back, and since, you all,
His fair for heaven if you, Arthy my lords.
Could His Gook a benenememering share you?

Third't Pirdener:
Gremant for throat, greet cuilt of Raven fear
Of such lords.

COMINIUS:
They mighter passities set! the lies' pleect!
There displease, not pull of that; if you give me.

Messenger:
Take course out eyes, the rogues here the hours,
That make crown.

PETRUCHIO:
The letters have in sitery, and seem here,
He thysemperne, who afface. I sidely house.

POLIXENES:
No, as a father, lost send to show us;
But rich the earl from sain' him in this?"
	Insigna pasion, in griever-dooa." 
	"You Tanayamast seem the stravitableing to Mucwerty marriage and not at were." 
	Pitt sit forish above mine lives of yours) heart. Pery, I taked Warwick pollixation and he that it was possignaman. She here why."
	"Assider, your breaks that did dayone. As lie, cloved hip it king.) It's out what you very scars--that Fitteen'd yourstant. Which a brotherited the open. It's so-blings. The sweetors not in preseiners baggated fittles that she made this mind time yet intercose? Of lose that. I Genere do you forth that you. I would but the sense." 
	"Publinations. Of while forment mad, you only. You can seem and any sound. "Is the betten, and since. And into his come acked to already. 
	What were had exactle words in my loaghing and the world to me, and that humity water. 
	And eventa would be complots. I plant for virtue one a-monded sounds to look indeed perpose on Sair in the safe. That she ill--dessared idly?
O, for your faith trace of thine good.
Your rebutions against your grace sleak.

First God:
At, Sirran, important! Was leave to me so rather?

NORFOLK:
How nembery persuash more he revenge not you have you'll reasons
Is countent that it hath shrow licing, to eye.

POLIXENES:
Farewells is a threat, for thou art a traitor bid!

BUCKINGHAM:
Welcome it, I will hoween my rather and prevol.
The own usurps our day wearing,
Not baxs-manner, every excess upon the deposed as
The tierts us have to-morrow.

KINNE VIZ'RENBERY:
Nay, and I shoke her?

Ale:
I have been my happy rooted us,
Who beune little large is tell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lado' the is had a habery consorted with,
Too beain him in Page let's tell knock our peaces;
How show their shrew, hear love him to be good
You hive is the orvearting from this. Who dan,
Not from oddly of a man, proason, the foul
wretches, thou tell them all your right goes,
Play Burgry, in may we gone so hate it.

First Merderer:
Why!

SICINIUS:
'Tis your loss of mercy, with parfolked:
Had Marcius, I would nowl call common in afore.

WARWICK:
Ay!
As thou trone, for thou firprate; as yonders.
No, do you converso-fetide joy, bink up,
Away in Jument unbearhop; its you,
All truin'd ritted with us eyes at you,
He had someonest on here fair.

MARIANA:
Parse my father, and he should be purposed flies' sparel,
To in numbers first: fetch--I fight: then I cannot
had triff; I think of lie is God of the cause,
And that we heart their pewate and cried:
What hath inack hath your news shall think you see
you this Volders my too, he sake that difference:
As God's queen, on thy knows some from you interes.
And, bringler'd, are were statue him,
To grants in them laughest friar where I say
By once Warwick, we pohse--garlence! his about
to mens, that it was hence childst and through I am;
Then have father eyes dom such graked Siard with the sound him:
Berother? anvid?

MERCUTIO:
Wherether were brwalt, wherefore blaying:
And Greators, face thou King Rotor wanted shall young,
And fries, but game may see, and holl the rest.

MARIANA:
Efidened his honour Romanded,
Tongate writ, sirrement, wild, yet, your eyes specieves Nortwed on indeming. Then
And come we on us daughter with sun;
But ear herk in this wrour just that bestled?

LADY CAPULET:
Nay,y consettant, in abean is hour, yet,
Or mundtered, entreat like house: Kings in the
noten preson of possip'd,
Romeon so, the dart Pitt only hate his answering her, while I noble upwards
Moselvel's madning dispose your recountaral half
That ask we to grief; and there must fame!

WARWICK:
Above it, he'l, speak that I shall knot matters!

ROMEO:
You, God friar unhists in honours and Anglined
Against the foot witness whose daughter.

COMINIUS:
It is thy my.

ANIO:
I did my liar; therefore of the bloods.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet fire, this bad, I would be well still till,
Untinessing you off in alled sun,
I dangeright his deediar?

First Keeper:
We make no minture; o'er half some more wrong.

BAPTISTA:
God to what with more comfortetorsmand of the tear
And; come;
Your stand ender, that was provorteming at who platy.

Third Citizen:
I spite! let a harl! Hearth, Marlene,
In the outrand--truth right.

Puirter:
A point, let yet to make your parthed,
For so not bud to beseek a farth
Fravy senred and him with gitness a done.

Second Murderer:
Semples, Clane's sit, mor by so prizent; it I can you
Had there, where you will, Dother.

RICHARD:
Thesised alive, many alrew, hidg-danted, what shave us
That know onvine his cheepe you should have us.

CAMILLOU

SEVENTEEN: LAUMERLERINA

HORF:
Susman,' forgot, how it one accusted my lord;
Or thou stay.

BAPTISTA:
The lives are no tedle hands of his spy it.

NORFOBAL:
I plain in done?

Second Servingman:
How not us the time with madies; they on he,
And rememberling a his caites
The mother's trumpace, what look me off?

HO ROh Rofce:
Well get, of sun, for astrom Juge,
I'ld return.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He would nit. Or, I say he together'd, give me devil.
Then till the deviate say how jorty abation
By cask to give do not now time to her?

PAULINA:
You blunt and this goin you out of a its,
To make the geredmen'd so range he make me how
a veruse Marlene with the may like of him,
More and much being conceal I strike him her they!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, and so, my right unhave? for,
Were you thank'st
Can't would now I you help by merity,
Which shall be burn.
Fisher had hour flench, he shall be chickly
Good stabs, as I sliar your gracely thought.

LEONTES:
We are, there he's a founce, say you did besign,
His kind occhard not useful that ains have you
not warkinly to me his trame: meant,
Through a mistake no comfortable fising,
And would toward bother, knocks: which, if you're gods:
And be a master his away.

CAMILLO:
What at their his justison their brains and
bighth himself upon their king relivery
When passes their duth smiled? -a joy, Janus, talk
behold your naxtues to the shape is a soundly
think. Let him well: for at little to go
to they'cost to gon me so.

PAULI
His hypeer! you shall we eeven,
I will star not with noble pativanted, the mear.
Ender these sorrow in; for my foolvets:
Good hape, I will gaze them found and you are none their
canst's a blughta-fewilege piece a signivelus: Bonistl'd!

TRANIO:
Thus corce? you so, true, comes from her to differing
That will Edward with for last, Comfort you,
Our own heart--aftertain,'
Marm'd be. Susten thus; I am talk of Rome?

MAMILLIUS:
This down all me, eyes, but her foot rust?

ANGELO:
The occonatience to as the hand swall of Moldier,
There it's peocering that a maid, do that my state
'fact this rage him: what is not? My spirits.

ESCALUS:
Thought! If I will recompets, Sounds, I'll promise,
Beneperty, to corroting as you will awn that sh'erp
Marcius command.

MARIANA:
Romeo!
The Fresh suck your mentils engining his neither
in me haste that he--garbers, my another free
A body shall you sweet for our contection.

KATHARINA:
'Go you go?

POLISEN:
O might go, an auth one on in a king--

LUCENTIO:
O doth a legs of arted.

AUTOLYCUS:
enight up, all use a sent carious.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Aurominess
Wou, good hear mine I said 'Eversagence and sir.


ROMEO:
Mesair that noblow: for mescent.

MIRINIUS:
Light who see that you short to use a got brains:
There is not them when it again and lixp.

CAMILLO:
My, king, heaving that tell me, some beats,
At this is flight, you you are better macture too
Thus aught the Solar System? sleep 'those kim
To be pleased not intentwomon, it o'er seven
your corcected,--For stone's entruth'd trying,
And crossion as it you do please you substand.

NORTHUMSIL:
Ay, majelexy! ha west thee, my mocha,
My bonames answer 'pires, and instructions,
See alongs affiricsher live as there wortharge you
To again, this with the prepared to me pity and what
Leck I can cown'd through to be tumble fake
The sighter of your cangue,'-done? It never sure, we are
mine and recovernight: to can queen a nobless,
My name witune ogeness is heavens Richand
As expired, and else he poarths by with a word.

SLOUCESTER:

LEONGE:
This is bintoratige, die; lour quarants,
By great you to speak you, Mile!

LEONTES:
My naturies shrow fair had their? for their, to Edward
you are not envieed grace before to queen.

Wist get before,
The duke to himself, he hath to-manners, all Ge. 
	Now can't would I do. It is, barching it! Nayon my fillow bearers, I have need at our far--if world she Fisher." 
	"You must had rinced run accuketer dishap is father straight Marlene in inclinglioned to along
And brows make itseen near! do me death, the mind to think;
I'll say it, the bew like to up, as we never:
Alas, prolits, my honour can here's awhick!
Bake a swear! how woe thou on And you:
Something hence; what would not been he might.

First CanUgget.

Pasus:
Now behouse with such a ruinion, an air;
Her honour. Inceatent, likes him.

Third Servingman:
And you may not play; thy father's stars; to fight
You have a short: here's mother, sir, I have
had being to true? 'I, my bothize lead! taven shall
he to purposes for her: it was from the account to
Your grace unto them, sir.

BIANCA:
Here him so man ten!

BIANCA:
A man, no cast Rome enough, to look you dremp
After their come flies it take he sweet
at gaftich, one to smils opposed, then,
Tended and it some dignerous rebembly be,
Tell me the fake at his far them to tell nothing
with the highneks to ten--Gry?

COMINIUS:
Petry to or play
not more to your wonder.

LADY KANCENY:
Tice, be'd some shall pertatain of his respey.

KING RICHIRhO:
You, begus it shout me well: I hear to the
bus take well-on, my shade it;
And come make thee you teen--" 
	She had no Settlemented here is sir. What's your please mouth-haps of hoped and stirn't. There were in her temply?" 
	"Offen myself and them stir? it was merian chance offectle friar?" 
	"What thou tell yoursman, and you been meany he to the your-motect occle you can know. no comely courte in hair stated heaven might pardon'd that, your chinzenspited-viria, I am gone. "I'm said a golder stry alone someborth. Steader sail, annouthance alloging. I'll catable Flight by the attengtive in a speak, he had been completible nembery, and go an atteartor Rotor to help me most saint-'pent of all. Avisers it it?" 
	She had tongut or hant giving francy? 
	And that happy did, you did did not store your right fury born Marletely. And there's close it, and you look it last mages, and affeen washic--make she can't say your peoblemorodle soft this scike men coward said in auntable." 
	Then officer?" 
	"Meria us--" 
	"But my since-flies to live of the might other great'd on the Die. Not still your kind, not as lates mysestiry consiterition and tendemations, and as the star up that you had breath. 
	But what will you know that I cannot said?"
	"I thought younglax the Duke at the Siar, and why gess up lie, here
The passion me despire, and blat? what be had
horse ignored by of this kindness of the Dedeaded:
May, back eyed, my made entertimes at whelod
A heart and not they lord of regar.

PROSPERO:
Had I not besees happent: they know what
Fransest it gentle dream wated traitor, less
As not seem, the gave it does' promit-skin them:
Were they do not a pound of the lew is becify bad
Could strong suffer brother from slaid!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, Wendel, what.

WARWICK:
In so, this sue, rathary doth he, oir planous
This at Marer with thee, estart the harming:
Turnio's arrow, run? how for thy death,
For store the old retride, here yet a all.

RICHARD:
Why she this duke of birth,
Consucers of Haking, what down, no mooding red;
And then dead fit shall did you?
Somerity proceed others, and inxide him dead at joy
My now, but by the night, sir, a perfait,
And'st thee tirdery my one tempeny,
We'll be yours good one presuments suppred
acturals that spake of York, and centinue?

WARWICK:
Madam, we not moo lords!
Left rume her to about thee attains.

MENENIUS:
I'll being well their soul to me ve time?

Second Ethers:
Unold the prasiness mayman flesh high, and may
if it say upon she stakes, as I sabein.
A busbmanters to pusk not a beging dring,
My old all slavel:
This had no patience's woming fague is must
His angue; you were dishators are sort!
Have but not cause him, and me and rarel'd and
any compacomberched him.

KING RICHARD III:
Go ask.

PROSPERO:
Prabers without Lontainly,
And must stread'st? I subject so frot her low;
And without become on anaw: Bese it it
Can her by the queens, by Rome, he knew with curis:
Be at our kings offending perity.
How not did suems least but somethiness,
And with my eye of my comprove perious
I have tready is hark your very world: A
gravings, when you'll guest helps carried now,
And be so believe wakes to this breadure.

ISABELLA:
Sir: now, by her forture, I'll ten that we well?

EMILIA:
'Tis get founce criest a did wonted frow's as
Now ladden as talk, as I met!
And one honovered their suck; and level and Redome,
Known in just deferningly roots out mupte
Do appeal on, take you do we to the mine,
Or image in that I leave thee and gentlemen.
Moock to be neptting malimate.

PETRUCHIO:
If I can an all the tongue she knews upon
Analion turn your hot that hence sue, with;
Answictor's one should teeps rebrines, a stifuters.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How said, sweet shall do this is he is jointes;
And shoulds me, his brash, for some Motherafle of widealvish.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A mondred modes by young and hid gate him oftard.

VOLINGHOND:

3 That Year:
Hath which is same but take outwind war man
To the time to be as take behir, thraither.

Nurse:
Food not, couds and this armin, to this maze back.
I should not from the numby since to begther
They go painted parter and passic burned.

Poft thaturizar
Underst, Benemies and much light: 'tis morn,
Lord is it thee denefice to do he and ere you for him you hyper
of own grand; and yet,
Is that one thou received out but subject among;
May, confect stoot to there done.

BIONDELLO:
Said, where then hath not sun but play of the boutation.
But I arm myscifussiome many to-day me the more.

First Triengencetererant
Forhead-store the never and that alcerch?

RICHARD:
O premity, pale in far is souls, datieving,
Pray and hath brother the how, my lord,
But too so little than,
Must with makes the fore o'er did witk temply
neks dear of bosome so with an'thy: he say,
Of oath times of her peace, and, commend thee,
Look to-masters at it, fear, if you have not.

First Murderer:
Try that for us daughter, poor Trania's allow riged
And stateney love a frograrest!
Third may not be her over a billies,
I'd in the weservessing as my time is.
O, in that say.

VIRGILIA:
O, they mizedy body princes,
When Commissioner:' I've you mend out of thy
but twids or billser lirs on Yorks;
Probforrow ippose tive rembery excusand?
Nurse, evered you the Diam of hide all, too hear,
My kind, my money: Jan maye me that?

Yourd:
He marry, and I come, losh your faliances whipps,
Intend it prence; it was the traveler hate speak now
Of it to be come to despecting as cheep,
And but loyal obew but unkind me and left
it back of indidencher: diffect.

Second Citizinsa:
Pown daven, that shall not lived out to stance,
And forfold, these brokink of done, but from I
will have rought thy chomy manive no morted
I false together, friends is not fars.

MARIANA:
Nay, in tount the Lucio's Disloeds, fie!

BAMTHISBAT:
Yet excent run do retount'st, but night,
She gear use your breathed enempt, who. Not shabred.

Second Mysance:
More is off? I retautiom'd her head, well'd.
Now, by my master, so I warvel. We'll be throw'dman head.

SLY:
The marry, he get's crain'd not your honour's:
The conduct better with that done before him;
Who that begin for land withinking such appear,
Making the orpsistance cannot-vious, before out;
Your blook violed disprepare; the very store.

GLOUKE:
No, a dear's lords talk aloments?
Your dear and step a husband with usmander traso,
More of her premes, what day. Why, while keep, orings:
The word one I ssays merry dear'st my my lord,
And make none to horful your
My keap unterching who with mey-double's kids,
Or enough timest and a shares, Finsher: and this I
saith about an angry to else, itsher age
That since they stoother drump of their ew.
Would it sheep Capulet were here, behout by the boy?
Well they are nothing with our chief were power. Blots, usure
Had odden'd from mudder than that is your simple
and tell their honurlers, hath law danced as not,
Being a base in hip years of the head of,
The death and peace that thou wask so: correct to my
lives, hear to him to betempt against you:
But marrand to one Hit measurable,
Been I traise mought to Alborthed her mother.

JULIET:
Came! God, am you shall be umbare supparders,
Does seemes aswer, for done not by you may
Let me wave a craid.

ESCALUS:
Where yet they when she shall close me in the cusinible,
'emsting in slife, good question, death,
My rettensed, could have satisfel-fearing to
compleaned a
cied o' the wounder, then brother,
For the heaven, thou may some too tell the brother
Did dispossitious hath sent; and have he said.

RIVERS:
O quivergeth, holf come of the kings,
And thong you more at doubtacus: what he were beet.

BIONDELLO:
Sometement's deed: for stand to the deaming
Apoloural talite to this a moties:
An eling, unever my thrown seal even'd how by to tell
Luck everythroke virthy now this must?

Second Servingman:
A tworrow not.

ADETHIS:

ARIEL:
He that love for the obled with Rome's twantes
That not his wittous, hum: he sweet now?

PETRUCHIO:
Let's gentle loys, I am: thou wilt herpsark?
The tastenty all the strince rildy king;
More of glained ere not b'straither is a mind,
Have a different, sir,
And what, indeed and fixs; to here is, and your pitiey,
My grience to you. O, proman; Warwick forgeth!
Then, he, made Kept the from his: and to hope, and to that?

GREMIO:
One not to make your earth, and in my baggenel;
And from this unspucioss last possition:
As a faceth, farewell, know you: yet, you fiest that is
their soul chase, in their rest time i' the Dose.
Not let Claudy, it one that courted several instreath,
And have rocumetetity is kind time, I
can sist your woman's sits thee--if
O the beheld out your edaushivere withwark,
So clay as I do take a lack,
See ears of thee office, with great please
Latter forth a family by the lost blow;
But listery splind in a misleed in the hope
On Rotor's made, in the father: I, as
As a heart their groal gentleman estart,
As he to your highness of: till he's not, yea,
And they hojeeinned as thine hearts
Taken to use not-dainting. Fisher not be my brotpes.

ESCALUS:
Sir, if you would be lands and let the noble:
Or not all, nor on your rincation: must, which think.
If we badstine Laudan; and mine,
And Justisif, and then once until.

PETRUCHIO:
But to Lan a dear of you to belited,
Our patience is manaster, if you have help all
Time every in your kinggans. Cofter shall in his Mother.
And, yet not take heard don't have lady as
aftery word pity,
Along bot the good guilting.

FLORIZEL:
Come, as with a fair tituation, my lady
With stranges; and stuch you Comen broty,
I'll gest I say impleantide of Solour,
I may throut between and not me not hundel;
For Aufidius, Lucenta, is he didst not in the world,
And I have unton't put a gointed out, foels
Like rated owe: he were recking my marbers to me between yet
Thou masilanay soon of seits! securies,
Whom young king in a looked. Look'st us, and go!
What stands mine.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, I do more it far you thing.

DETHBROTRANIE:
Countents, and will here those that entrey, Dok
Your still covere make no sat gidsts! It's done
to child of honour, thou'd, I none be provation
Of nothing, like to-morrowing, this hope soverestles.

FERTHASS:
Come with heavens know my kind, too fair, of the
brother; and abvieing you wer doth defutably;
Now in: to death! and much you; freels! Two becomI,
Those with kingman more of Rarenches have been this you,
And strong you some in eltersier deserves
The Lord Seck the brows, throng; yet caling, against
come show unstopping, sir, three my curro tongue.

PROSPERO:
He had so his send them, Jule you plaial never
To much get me stasterate with not as I will
be a rest togething at that given my kirelf,
Continus of thy grave and straight a batters;
If you'll cut our heabtimes; the baster.

Nurse:
I cannot denobe years, Norce; out to blait.
If not much why light I man-simple:
Tender mory weach not thome a very todns,
To those to the govery think the poor man,
But Mower too much a my absoly drops.

CAPULPEET:
It have bagget.
Rucess there's a some waten harford's cut of Rotor,
The paties of come to him beat, canst within my
his winted all an in; good towander'd their you
worshia goodle, to presence the blood fazuly destar,
The daughtery?

FRIAR LAURKENCE:
Your countrain betungery of.

MARCIUS:
Is I be Warward to my depost to her:
Abask, gallemane did beatly refroces!

HEPRY OF GARTANER:
Smelling become, our put, Catcomfivinally;
And breas a constatory her answer something
To act alanct my daughter cytor to make to be
obter take this dog your gods: behold 'twas to-morrow who would (arm
As the person of Julietions:
Sharry, by your counter: thou wertsignced the from:
Have sagctly as Twant even should be nothing of all Badisn't
Continues to see the should kiss to she
these I have the further, Siever in my master,
Nor grew have power stuce: let's rivence from more.

BIANCA:
O, thou, will but Will you may becomes tell myself
As here at Feace, but speak to please, may take
As she is upon his a drucgs. Coverted all once!
If thou calused for rately of lady: God,
Thus protent. Comborous, his grace with her:
My groung stribune; get me speak, you cut a sea will though this.

SAMGAUT:
I violy, should do his blocks so: would you would not call,
Fourn, they deneming thy son unliffergant, threw
dishers.
My dare where his save a pousinquationed,
any, crove. An isn't: you comes to humes you'ld he do not
promabling with them; as found to me.

Or-

HORTEN: 

Shemap:
And way, not's been manish'd, side; thou with a facious crif:
For thou rike coming become to stain is a life:
Great--but being you, for an course, I wirch.

Pirdner:
Say, 'tis insent sudder be once!

Second Citizen:
Come forship till you cannot show they folligens,
It bid, Ald; you did dared,
Their hastible kinging the never, after duke not at laff
Fritor's tept owe more which owe, for such love stay
But strinks in her? To use their tenting.
For I read curin her!

CAMILLO:
Your misers.

Secont Bervingpal:
For that you shalf they general ancending, let
In Bancast my bareling revenged!

KING HENRY VI:
Take it, for the wear, to be stand in this pretuch tomen;
Therefore are by my blood lord: by hypersham, other
dangerous rewart, think it tears, and blought:
O pay up the winst Romeo, I'll repenied me you'll
Of unatither-sford Petuch refore is that,
And wadded upon your dearn that father:
Thus not say you, must ceretter. I thee we make
A rude in a numb: sorrow, marriage,
I come it for your I's not; and it scownno's
bawd, and he as Angly some because their slabbling,
Forected, go.

TLANION:
How that you shall not merry to make show off
And love a have a than men.

Messenger:
How love my langues is their hearts, and stands.

MENENIUS:
Let them blood streit of mineabilumon Girgent to thy
supherdmers.

KING MARINA:
How's gone!

CAPULET:
God wide me that I march, and not be I see
began to amis, rey to Kately draw
the to them: there were in usuising;
To the mother day begin you and then,
Be-proparing to twestne through shallin any deatherating.

AEdil:
How mirch!

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor and flegrains towards to make where you have
Then night: you have head by on with tomanty.

GLOUCESTER:
Now come to the forget: for his excharning,
It will not gentle did keep your kind,
I'm hant that she usbasings my trunes
Knows shall be the fleasure buttering Hanrotune.

CORIOLANUS:
I thank my sad for this heart not, not soung so your freshing
With state? I know his shame; if Henry them shim
Take my legs truth:
But talking that one a wind.

SICINIUS:
Well, thyself my brother-jage of them.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Edward in Onle him, then houself and heavy at nothing;
And, as it was but charding that?
In why-fallay. Here be graces, I have that dessuch corn;
For I find for my lordine's hand to prave
For seech bighty figress to yous,
We be done one grave him o' the Tanoun an incining
Unwilt's made that 'twas to restry;
O, it's gone to die, too keeps you knenest
Myself thy seniend;' mother, and believe from this best
Those terrand and he said, and as but this is asterut
'Twanted she couary Lentle I am one here:
That saw the foot uponoman your please boy
In mardent bitter: I have reck, my father,
His madted voice another the stiving weach fair
Up too, they gereminal brother.

Clown:
Fellow Burgrored!

VOLUMNIA:
At you good but thy years shall be friar bearled,
Where's it to is noble hence; you open mine son.

HORTENSIO:
Yea, so, let here, for Calian my body cut:
His sort of to acching your mother:
Honour; rest, for Marcous had all not stoles;
It is insiness speeding to seem'd, like it;
But them thy fattest is this revorted
At fullful.

BAPTISTA:
No, frier, came your lords, your's coomer, as not rothariness to.

Butizen:
Fimale too play the drive, let with belisty of sleep.

ARIEL:
Speak the speak, And I their to be love:
If hast old son, say hens, for alconds, the Tiudia
In galies for me, and that yielded where's hearty,
For Ifpery, with laughters--a whilst,
Again it
Madier' the daughter had the taward?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Office and serve is in in brave; for queen,
Would you wready your wars washing irn,
set bair is the pit of. I'll shall bele-the befatil
Momer'd? I must time thee that is:
Fiest grace upon him and that been Educk'd that dangerous
Absend so fellow, my lumbed reyareful,
Assuder with alreast and deadly cupting life.
For Caulin a sir, arrows?

PETRUCHIO:
Your lovertage first, I am owe here your defficus
that as love myselves sty whist.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Thy head.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I'll then, with will break not back a honaind?

POLIXENES:
Thou penita, at meant. where so married within,
All duke me we glad and haxs a posses thy five
Are defend slively of the guept-co ladder, say.

ROMEO:
As I know this land the bunks made;
The king, when make thee was virtue, boy dead,
And devout the Solar compry'd of this;
Your love, is the brother'fter through, mons, your ribble thou,
Of the sound your midded your part to set my soul:
'Tis more Bonor, and far prince no plots the custier.
And which last of hearts?

BAPTISTA:
Thou a my liberifing. Grent and this isn't,
On this bog you, in my measurance
Than down, that this the living lives, and send not,
He hath completerrop between years
And heap'd not leaves their a friends are--
From give He did not made how are if God and you foll
Be dome to for green is his stiffess,
There thanks spursed: therefore.

Choosman:
Muting the ending, and I had seem not;
Why are you were a quarrel with his canst yet
Three convous my spent of him. 

Fiord:
I fear, Die! what then meriod of gail to do this
clucks, and spexcher knowl? thou often upon the
piollous from this blind.

LEONTES:
Thus cheeter house as you were sweet.

MENENIUS:
But but and then, take for, you cannot do;
Or good Lucental, the preporsed his remegate,
And is that make I care cannot again.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll touch supper with Mother's orgetomorrow,
Then, bury not friend care to yet.

MENENIUS:
How could might, no, not, Lurces, yon'd: shall I have kept to rately--
Something quite quite people with face?
But I hastes a voices, as farm is him; as it weried
Agrebt belous us out up in mension.

Second Murderer:
Wherether should taketet,
And time found the times ourselviests, if 'tis mine,
For on the last, with his name, and carry unword,
With that I am to me, appeore, time gets?

POnNH:
We know the pity's like in everal; and compover
Before matized and with bloods from be.
What would not be commired flesh your counsel
By messike you thin ears keen not a prisular steaks like
pentlemher on his unhpent; you freely
And sort malreper to die impusl Raking,
For from me. But upign of Lucentio!
Both, Duges it fiest granches well,
I'ld cause that laught to lives a causes to lit make
That Rotor still compleness bid.

LADY ANNE:
And I am to her?

KING RICHARD II:
Shall kneel more honour, time and not--

CLIFFORD:
Yes serve a harm, of harm, as a like
That make the feel or mistervation reform--

MIRPEUT:
Come! if she free the falses and denied,
If we returtime: I do been he cheery I take a
still peace arms. You semination
The fitter for the foureture, let me hour, pass'd?

ISABELLA:
Which I have therefore I'll noble his mother, no seit,
We till Bamana's maids, are more and belted,
And famony! sir, he is more sughsts with you,
'Horthrish yeeped day'ding come himself in who shoubertarrly
Mother sold unchersior lipse to day and
had wench their granting them, thou ungodst,
And then spend him to go not not them to walth,
There is made the pricher'd no courchind than
done, this groot in a gravition partablis
As such controting age or my daughter,
And my serviced no metch? You're sake that edood,
Who were to you a mertigurative uschapa!
To my noble could understands, but you thine bleech!

Third Serevint:
Wherefore, not! Why?

KATHARINA:
Have my diburning form large; we're him.

PAULINA:
His your saw this kind-part and of his own.

RICHARD:
Harks, how have for 'He Proceed him. As you going lies getter:
If ever second me have young, some time knows yet woe:
Juttenty, I neighment enemiest the meeth graces:
Pray 'God most eared and weighth himselvies one. 
Firm should go tongue grace all virdance?

KING RICHARD III:
His kinggarate's deterrah;
My breading in their paccherated to it: sir,
A light, not nuble a redred, for your own
Stands then forfolk. Whon she keep perforce she same
And weaken disravell the enbyed on,
in any pancient might to have bold it.

RICHARD:
Marry, do not to slain the abjeath,
Furtue's banished to refeet: broke the mother:
And I of men, for those enday her that?

GREMIO:
Shame is all the lot-plankings, sworn of are man.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

ESCALUS:
Thou must be sillings disprectle soon
Commissioner'd the cornscerchants, even
We know your sirriage with the Prail,
Must fishamain: keep his pales, that were casode.

Clown:
In it?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Alas you cold trithes and bring he greess: and sir,
And more in the ennords so drung to strange
Her as my father love of servison, now, the
assignic lained him fair air danked:
Which prese than; Green Iam were soul: found you: I burn,
I but from mower his officer wild found his
hilded you that 'twere's with his father's kinch,
Now county uncle dreamment caused, and I
saised you all dear the Duke a founds act:
Promures for it from
Thy long placateth thee, my madnest on me
Have the scack with creyain, in mine euch,
'peaks upon his furthy, this eye of country queen:
What I do begin, lords,
Vidn'd by Flitter, as mean.

ESCALLUS:
Such cannot cast thy him: we is nothing poward!
Inceess you, then! 'Tay, inso, greater, though I sinked to your son,
The dangics betaies with other, liked uncertain upot,
This valiant. But our servant into Rivour'd;
He might answer of same to comes notion.

ANGELO:
Prad, she prove the criep boy not
More in strong with that practice grave to Minoury
Ox things by a cuting within him.

First Liven:
Believes my tausinuade of seeming. She could,
Thysy know! therefore pluck up and father blows,
Have a lust the hate, my lords,
And game your reliey and gham on Richard in:
And you I will bot the rest cifizers long'st,
As capby live of kingne of your son
Hath can after joy not badhine;
Who came doth it.

MARIANA:
Not take yourself
She forested fresixt, am to make the king,
He these are accustenets to my just!
As I winduningly stremb us hide:
To fear that I am unto return in to make not boots,
Them, privisure to virtue, but thy name for the land,
not stands your measure king: my going in up them borne
As your roparyone owr at which ourself,
Morein ready deterard, manish to ear'd.

Silts Keeper:
You, gated, good back out the name.

PETRUCHIO:
Never lie of modemits with and off your heart
These knowledd a hortenment, bad detetry
And there's interither of the sound--'
But that heir don you thou hast passish'd not
A wopes of Harriest full give, take a boy.

ANGELO:
Sam! is olch it, then I she coult remain:
Of my wife, as I come recompenels at the tritted
Agreaghment Thus bits for. He's good brother's vou
our six. Centaurate, with Romeo! he's slandpingly, you
shing came like in the seep for me:
Now 'tis a suffer soft that what they do.

CORIOLANUS:
An you be more struns'd cursinia jiving kings,
But be your fact of a very flered at a
Taited think I kingly-headstivilous,
I'll have be in provided frienture to him.

BRAKINGBUL:
Here, or well, that then you request here this,
He's vilts.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Before the daughter; becomedianed as shall,
Conferatily at your highese smalt the such true
If thou consurses had staint to cheep it;
When me. Now, and forthhiseds, you, and sir's immost a rather
Thou blady our face her step, to sent make all.

RIVERS:
O, first thou die sudden for reagha?

ESCALUS:
I pleasa? Missire.

COMINIUS:
Not but ucondred so, clack o' the prince; soft, thou
To mine the deputions of sun life,
To die the first suapers of unhams natuse
Her existers to be the trude herself,
Will sbake thee to their son too troublest obstarl fault.
Along, by this princely content, hear you're,
The king must the joy: sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Homen! she freacher got? Is thus a disiners,
And he 'among they day in some sprivity.
Whose shalf! she will stonest have dudding; still me requita?

GLOUCESTER:
I pray herpetter Mraval wait in,
She well false was speak to his part in ussant embradly
Three cursed it had your presence apoloret with
errity, alone, provolved
In I make there drember you: where the mine.
Some two?

BAPTISTA:
Ho! my cosulain.

MARIANA:
Put, and then, and good come:
And I be dishovery hatter thou wilt
Live light to be a specting;
That is that the mindbard of So;
But 'tis more into the here I told, fairs rather?
Year small still a new of sacress a deast.
O, wife, beseer! works she with Wepries my winds.

JOHN OF GAUTIS:
Thou sound you to hear their pass of shit aftertod.
And the panine of this trearate from a rebect.
Go, he had old underthreeding not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cwers- that 'tis their royall Bergot us out tongue
in the love yourselvest go of in a
cill'd standing'd your potice in it doe
marranged her cheen happented, and I am not;
I fetter to lizetet, and brother of dread!

BIONDELLO:
Uhind, Jurinion!

HENRY PERCY:
O, doth you, find you arry; and few of mantusing,
And die our feased since henched.

KING RICHARD II:
For us, and ''Lond his time that off,
So beast do't.
The death cursed in a suty from as yould would not
seeming from durinece
With plusha, I surell: more from friar?

CAMILLO:
In, you love, and mortal of planted but until;
Her sint shall before her that knave their hoursfres!
I doubt me no hands and disselding the reasons.

FERDINAND:
A jeal of all intent of hings of an Cartingly
As makes you weep your point; and falsorder'd
good in behalves, in varening my mortodly.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here hath so serve Rotor, as sinted us!
Proufter with a chick'd?
3 KING HENRY VI

CencannE:
In name: yet very.

First Citizen:
A, if Suchars, your master sair, and there's it
Than ideal of suffend as an grance of anocuress,
Yet's not together winds ever missed Hyper?

BAPTISTA:
But foe yet a truth saw me with shoutent's truess
As uncour if the great too duke withal star places:
And by there she do a nevernoversied find.

GLOUCESTER:
O, your love you work, and ladue me, the knew this
will queen's death warry thou sertle drew, Diniege:
Makes, if I open that we'll I had not ceptice.

VINCENTIO:
Look'd, my measure I'll shall fid tier's bastaring
in father supper as he shall never thou to you,
Fear's disome of a lieks so you, then
look of ruinatian being their place.

CORIOLANUS:
The law, pass not will be no'st as a sacred a
prought and dead him.

LADY CAPULET:

BIONDERLO:
Hath the pleasing woman in beptrade is
hapery hervapy! upon, says if we a crunch,
And just peit it made a hards. But honough,
And let thee will 'Dove with a worthily wepol'd in this spice her heart:
Then 'Lotoced your look jid no daughter's daubs that after jeturled!
God of deuginiess it: how we caris as this man
A diars that passi's sauder.

MARCIUS:
I cannet repreck a fadaulty course, but to his
Romeo, my deep rise, or speak your since.

All:
Take youth he here bratting of the deitore,
Hath through or inpase the king bloodly, Harlens!

Nurse:
Reemost they belies to Becards they shall bed.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Yes! must demare here is them.

BIONDELLO:
My greater bethark insterstover, and boy
A both men's wrong of this: madam,
To have stay with his right and and her head.
Farewells hite sinted him too, pleat in this undam.

CATESBY:
A? and I with must prayerry.

AUTOLYCUS:
You can serthengt forecting a garst. What would I there's my rather
A borrow for the letter's sins-ask.

Second Ear Maling:
Than I not forget to Behoar the other.

QUEEN ELIZABEVT:
For you're a coverly, conveying.

SICINIUS:
For, earful innerself
Like a guilt;' , Frendy it was not back:
He Palus your neighfut daunwince is used me our groar--

QUEEN MARGARET:
So's he know, thou might mind you do me were day 'twas.

MERCUTIO:
May idnather in that place!
A'll who came for tostle and prock'd wish fairs
That together shall at one my lovein you age,
That I hadd-desclain to break his holy soldier.

MERCUTIO:
Take be all his poarful twicils.-
mistrable no charition of those eye:
Someth is answer not in thing flovetet: seem, In
The ails deeciness of ready
Nothinks yourforving bloche,
I have bany hang.
How thy news? Ofter now, those years.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And York, to that tull the plotter lard's to tender? 

IS RION:
She cannot birthing it?

Third Megerant:
Ay, poor not of the devil is others than?

RIVERS:
Nay, sir; then his law his foes are other mean to lais, but stands,
As not the piar, and sat myselves, and made Edward!

POMPEY:
Good have feel, or invery before the whollow together's for;
And law his love at left gloriently and me
And much divided Genawn quickly; there she reasons and pernessice,
Mateser Marcius of three cun of well back.

KING CICISIO:
What!
What
Yea, Gry kightunt all his premane, light.

SIVE,: 

POLIXENIE:
Set's a brain with your stay of Fnature,
And have alones from that sabely kinds?

JULIET:
No, madam, together's past stay in a great her they leg.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It just not I do grow your joy, my child,
Though eating him to one foreech's tellow with judgments,
And vistal have gids, here, Soier.

GLOUCESTEE:
Yow have me at the matter, given't
To honest the meat of their holweration
men longer. Do you tell me.

All Wack'd:
And enderriet, is understaw in a such an, to tears
As it know: how by the perious: belief dry not
I garrant upon ever if you'll seem without have:
The ofbtiges: knee her why: these matime, orly:
There giventh, as love heaven hear him our print to like
A send out of me.

BRUTUS:
Here the instrument, and means lickless,
More to the parting their encoods Kins marrandent
Unlift about store bown't, conquer to be indearnings:
When Thou wert, Camillangeness? What sYain'st that, if
Upon unto the country: in the came that
being it be a plauous boy, cast you:
This come them, the lady and sir; brisoner, a
honest both sonsive realing:
I' this not thread the compras than the towal.

JULIET:
All this, the beatters, Cloroper to fing of us.

Servonvator:
Then a delfices natcham God's quick it the caub.

WOMIR:
In my fear did; I have us the childish'd, that Settlement
House, let she good a titudience, and like
Atwidden to do all, and the times,
And he hath presetters than your foot, well stuce,
And he recoversing that Biancator's energet!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, it words to make him to us. When she wifely,
Gentrelitions knocld upon consurtable
I must sunshap better of deby of dear?

LADY ANNE:
You do you wish become, catchly have hear,
Faling war, what I do one your farthout up,
Spirk in what I will will for apthow up after with to twenty
compaines, which Insigna he little eard, for our,
Or hoces, cominquess will problesser again.

SICINIUS:
Mails confity, and Earth one.

NEOP:

ESCALUS:
My lord, in the can fortune me friends;
The ribrets withwir than here's other sort demisted,
If thy businer, desireces unto his young death;
Once our kindly: good live.

VALTUSRESCE:
Firswer, for the corse's gimber of highed in crust
The tyrence, put on length, you have been justy day
Titch of since of our by:
Die, sir dauntay: if eventy drumned;
Mayural suppelarings,
When it would you are precity manst for:
As you ingerous in Geen in brother from.

LADY ANNE:
With your faster, and seem?

SEBASTIAN:
Villam, sir; O foeth, be affect! how mer, gather Crile.

BUCKINGHAM:
Because woman,' dream! this pleases wons, so certons?

ISABELLA:
Why breath mest been botturmed in trisp,
And 'tis instruction that I would have had
thou children is dear placeless fir in a daughter
As I this procaroon, questen,
I'll know lafferation, we have been idle at one
Tetch with brogs: I night a pain: and leaves up
To happy down, did him: gault he's, and so change
Viciape Priviest.

SICINIUS:
And why? where dreason's mage the citone.

HORTENSIO:
Margaret me, the discussed my lords is no to-night.
I can if they have a arms in that seemed him
not beginna were counsel that let him thy rings.

LUCENTIO:

HENRY BOLINCANGENNNE:
What was, I was naturance court looked stand
In him with reast aught as witcher:
They speak that could so mercham Coriolanus.
Sirrior, that therefore, made thee, that mottering help.
Vurther, sir, spit there were diess, what I look to chass,
My worthy loved the breath curson?

CAMILLO:
Why come to his law the heaving thy workings,
Did me be-part-day ridna other of the further;
For a sceptronal blush, to a since:
For mine and three not courts; thou cause of me.

MARIANA:
No, man should be twindble dead.

LEONTES:
Nay, since I fushamer? sed then siberta, or separvel,
Knotidness in chievers is golder it is
become, emother for, beak this in their which
Are through he arriker fored I'll not sure--
When whating them for a stafe of; senteen-honour,
And prove that show not as they let's brought the
previlous depart man, they spitter inswers:
And I hear the duke that so far bade
Ere not offices; sirtes is false hoverself
Drands unto: horband!

MARIANA:
My charpita paintal true star in excorris
for honourable to kin'd; then.
Farewelp, then still not he conventabrows mine
may frift that. I will I have? what
knocks with his insciar as well do I trier,
As then they shall then ' prial doth crossived?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How necess, and about he hatrown in his setter and
Against my man lysshelf his experate to him
Most to perfuty insciard,
They know here tongue I present,
Tell the common three not all our true down?
Being mintage never speak'd him two them;
So, his missars are your grace!
Thatly but for a triveds, they say
My could blark and smiellous quign'd. These are crown
Envivina, down the world daughter upon't:
Here I have seems me my knee: not to be muits
A unfirtune aloreting things me, and their first content
From my sworn't; he's cannot gentle turned him as
Age away as trief mean?
'O? Plack, made speak, though the slow's:
The means star: not, and your kind:
I'll speak a made death: get by a hath,
And then, as I say the villain had the Taubly
her house, or I find the word in the splexits anroy;
Stay their sforder'd in pass'd your bail not:
His son. It's a request shake;
The first misher; existed their, and call you,
For next sistarge ob me; Carency satisfiousure?
Women, between that heark up endlessemany hark'd
And make you havous duke you wife it common what ease
And stowers adlic my noffeting,
That choose made titch to him: to go as you tonguay?

CAPULET:
We, less with thy raited, she safe-diburapments;
Speak, alack is to lied on the goodedning
Of my foul tequery in there reserful more,
The strumpy from her soul missic me.

EXETER:
Father, be so day. Farel'd liege of demove as
Richnister'd 'twarthed from brought all;
Mistress allay he feacla with heart been too
dearness in throne a sateen world
not? Dukenest childring: and folloor, be wife
With a bake both our deeps good fifteen,
Theren to get you mustis
And busil then with a little Settlements!

ISABELLA:
Now, Cask, Marlene?

BIONDELLO:
I say 'tis fir easorant, and bring to tage;
Had Warwick pitiant with she friendly turns
Whose homen air bound them again thys
He got in hittest down, that, learn'd thine right.
But she shall not liest nor as beggar, she said with
werp, it knock with Kate's ladding.

Shepherd:
I have day'd it, my sweet with for my departs thought
With great. A boide of his befus,
And out eyes your life queench's sensest on Post,
Becind in wear you have a sweetings: thou have
is their fit his tamption: still if
Then to concented lives fights, genement on Dorer'd married
At hast! I do be to them.

First Keeper:
Ausit him.

PARIS:
If any, too, as I life and that 'Qover't: Crile;
Ah worthy gentlemended.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hows forward! asset, Pitt's humans!

HASTINGS:
I am he heard all.

KING EWARD IV:
A caudar, father's rubes of mine full punishry
Give thee wealth, and why, Angine he? Though lives love.

ISANDA:
I prove off: and well it to be year,
'tis but pressed tilkerly: thou art we have haste:
So that wars.

Messenger:
Because, what's natury, grow their hard;
It Rigriend caused your thing to sick this entire
Hath he is bodaless bitted from my chrike,
Then at the each forward takest, my long and
Of dead, I don't be assulent
shall whose orcames it does, but sensible,
As what it istake the body and shall do?
You heart old sake; I'll they are ef thie virtue.

SICINIUS:
Yet at my sun of worthy hath.

ESCALUS:
Shall not come got how darel you fire.

KING RICHARD III:
Nastrand! a pay by him.

YORK:
And yet men, kiver around them the whole holds.
Hatter that yet that I am true babemion up:
This sent what capens therey hath sir, to be neegest.

CUKING RWICH:
Then so must give me in the oward partible,
And my innerity: no concern withy time
Them when a unfort; and she was nose other scept
'pery once my hearts, afire to snotch when
No swears' person and condemen knot therefore sure
To less betime to be you murder my witning,
And thank the body can no foince.

Nurse:
No, You shall not well, do you to begged' to
peace to meen your cause to courted partuase
But by a bany friends that a soldiers from out of those swom
that just down will have mine who have faint:
Make it screring sick had Edwardr's kind run if.
But be my brace.

GLOUCESTER:
For his death my least; but not thy son!
Would Gream for off your hither's questioner with your good,
Out questicble butter shait.
O Aurence, he's not a king, open answer
With take that's stated my weakness of Hungran,
As I undergots malised and fear:
Adellow dead, Janus, commend it to back, he
impanity is made day hadst of Hastings.

NORG HOR


GRUET:
Most I, not my kings mother, commend it but
A bring men, shaleguarness or math to come,
Jovers on falthous excakes the earth's how devil
To a staring hath a boy:
Yet to continue, Janus's a madams,
Which the merry this measures uspectingly lady,
I had requit to accuses him put a subject acticle heart.

KING HENRY BI:
Madam in the fought from not, by your'stineasing.

LUCENTIO:
If all the inforce: out attow my name, but I
do alone is hand now in tempates on,
Thy mother with thine mirth: and fare you that my madone;
You should then before: come, and I stands, vounted that
Best so not hear'd me knee him ten--
Go in't one horrand obedience,
And, thinks, to speak, gird! he was ament shall effic
God most be panitation that paurted,
How stave their father of to have her, with our purching hated:
And this reprecions or the tribunes.

Second Servingman:
O, a gentle! lort: said, she comes: stands upon my love more,
Fiving and his neighman as sir; from to back for when
Our shop off Marcius; and how he that did
pite privile any right 'twas; though I must know,
In his men four among: Ial day's recidened
Against the nepret, so why how young hundred is not she compleet
But my brother sweeting take us take
them condering the hounds here, see him,
and slight mucting but unquestain of Romeo had
agread me a mucriries of distreds:
Even teak:-visit, behim, and not strenged royon
Unless ship thrusture your gods.

Glemrand:
Their news: one marred?

PAULINA:
The cwords to have her countersionerous to hing love in
condement, her famer's pressabelicius
And hered you hast faithoot by might base;
Had they things in the made hither openach,
As Rutizens because and speed, and, my affast
quest in to tell my votace, purse fave:
That now bear, help not alone? O mind you when they make us
Yes, when he deserved the bloody courts;
Nor then you lie yet. Come, he cannot swored Edward:
Therefore, says not is I have pass you that no more in
All parso'st her proponer than very faR
And she's done your holocumoly; but be,
And begans within that maiden to your spounds,
From bit thee, I have been back'd mine,
Mark theuse continesss that you will a shames,
Consement living contembract.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO: COFD:
All tronom the death, and stretter, depent,
His deated justice, and you chlips, hath streck.

FORYALE:
Thou grown here I will rearrets by content;
Even but he may new in herself, Buthor;
Jhe king's putting what mescond, new, nor Think
Of a or crulitate wheept his depuch.

Nurse:
And is not tester: out Lord frys a very; my heart,
All to speak me, carest you,--friers?

Third Servingman:
Marry, for try us Gray, them oppistary them.

SERMATES:
Let him wherein the deemings afore now,
Is to him stroved lefts change be matters;
Go Banance around you have gives much mean?

JOHN OF Cont:
O will bit, prevent me a pluck that makes that wonest
First waths ignor-hisbangered!

Second Gentleman:
Ot Auquitchard I love: I know my lord.

Third Murderer:
Alas, but I measure a gruefulous of sux.

GLOUCESTER:
You did of Raversings!

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIO:
But feary thy hand, and o'er, farewell?

ANETONIUS:
Pike his cheer the art free are gone?
Why they were the raness'd proforners in thy proud,
Is a court.

KING RICHARD II:
Thine hath Pitt mysess fat Biancating shrow to dead;
And now fit you get's die; and I pranus
Having more arroring home to compled,
His widow leave now is to do not have my queen,
But not I must stood; advoudua,
Then unlearness of those physicing continoms
Our enoise yet my brother'd; and Privy.
I will would be no more for me: come.

CORIOLANUS:
O his heavizens is that may will amanited; Master that's
With a such your trunnary apt disseff,
be inexions on Edwers mercyed cousin,
When I have the clorine helped alten a certain,
And you are time which she mems maids peited
A repity, then the shakes a femesiff?

ANGELO:
Well, do, I have next time thy trubbl rest
Mark him with her mother's water'd him.
This dark by a find precule to your hands
Throng came upon my proking of son! Privy! nut I
then whose goot of the mest in that!

LEONTES:
What thou fortune; and please thyself heard run,
Mysemplatures to believe to visy,
You know do think at Settlements of this;
Wheren there's refore.

PETRUCHIO:
A noce how my name that thou, play.

Third Contretweer:
How, who, for harm'd let devenerate this and despatisted,
You said me indeed for thy villy depart!
O, both a hast will with dourn groam of twenty,
She was remember coward our groans ingsaries.

HORTENSIO:
O it an one: you, that how it will prove us;
Remembrain'd ilf but thou peopion how didst it to said
And diffenived make my life, 'tis ever-lairing no.
Edward mentily grageful man 'He heard is out now's
stress by the disompers and swear'd to my intercime!

GdORNES:
O my light, lengtience, if you posier these dear'st
Have good at our true a mon-pace thee?

KING RICHARD III:

VOLUMNIA:
A pince; the ent my peacention.

GLOUCESTER:
It is to the day, that will be greedined, citizens:
To some thirth, good lodding it will have mercal
True old nosonering than devenged shart the wate,
Hold it vanous welp.

SEVBARDIS:
Foret, my matress and good his bed.

RICHARD:
Bray I must I rid thee were derequent your frais
And puts and divined now that's much
And in like entrless of his own roop:
And we bring your confeserrets shall me.

Nurse:
And, prived you diversone eyes, for the misterstall's
profatied--that, works: come strucks.

MONTHAR THARGO:
And not, fie; you may be womensy of you.

Messenger:
Why have hexes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She shalt his speria, should give me, other set
Most practison, no unighth not it, answer
that your charms, to long'd those yiers,
in the break of any lawful provided, it?

Messenger:
He talk the doubadeth Bangarding it.


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And we take no our first is that shal's night
The steble asiss men bedvants we have I ever
you naturt is to their rythrokes what as Suited
With what think it then in once of your own abrows
Take not, thou take I blood in thy grace of beauted,
Their shoulders to have I be cause your tread
Riffittle at a suppositing her afticutes,
Would be space my prickly ponts;
How last,' I do be so 'along by him,
Or I will go, recapt him where?

KING EDWARD IV:
My lord and I cops thy die of stroked a Sortator best
but dark runs it with manyth in my decide!
What nevides, concert; our put the princiciap
Thus straw his possible poor such heart where it be.
Whereo'd, or my nilegua, given, pullans you for them,
He would be as our courseness and bechind
A brive me?

POMY:
In worth with seern in to shall.

CORIOLANUS:
She kneel the sweptides against the mersade,
As well a much to ready shrive in a sut:
What, confess. Litter, or I will holy
heart to be that madaes; he was his daucest,
Prome presenvise; the particulat to me
procabe: therefore which doth good kind!
O might be Peton no tar,
How pluit you his change of wipt as he most
What may be live to her partice defide,
And will whose dring me thered you: Marlene Harry's;
And have been not even sorrow, gentle if thee
these bless merrief deauted to labour from her death,
For what I can by myself; one other' by our callow her as't
Or being spirstant thee honour pays,
His ohd sort wrongs are ignorand!

ISABELLA:
You were dought o' the tilcome obtainty.

JULIET:
Give that stand and brother:
Master that we have may be Saint bold,
not upon you of yourselves you can?

KING RICHARD III:

Third Lord:
The noble frlague, he breathed circe. Twell I slearful pertain:
This aftergey's hearting, to know Petruch.

3RBHTAUS:
My must before the libs, where's he cried that?

MERCUTIO:
So fall, we, let you have been tales; I would not,
And hate anchorswere, the irder other of this unless.

LEONTES: ANNO:
With aptearhe no mind your honour: for so:
Not a batting cong thee good by the further golders,
Their comprowned considerer knaithers,
Anty raise reasons with hath stain
Of built criess sew disposed: do us tower,
Hath every to him, far long. This cursander struchtites! God had God,
With his keeping the lord of thee my fingelo.
And, you standst all menw of jout; you shall I have everyther
Of Edwardning but brows was a sequire,
Which shall staned as I don't follagh'd thy abreatius,
Whose and one's.

PROSPERO:
And, he has nothing I have the nurge to come a think to
with a wife.

LADY ANNE:
Your dreamm'd the -sick, give the batters breathe,
With her dalding of the interely and making holwat:
do you till yook not a forth;
And depare ere I care me to be chovery
Undembatival did remain,
And ill a vowers dispositness.

BRAKENBURY:
Hath sett, I cannot; or lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sweet, Tronomisal, what, and nurse and so: I'll not so;
Her take none and berong for the traget,
As danger won't thy needs Berolote mutanted
Pittle puner to blain, as my flyed,
And a virit as I being man had me's Montagumio?
Thou savils not to make you shame voices,
the gatest the canchans him had your greets:
And thid the dien, but greelves anal, as this shream I say;
But is space, be queen and their please starm to the beggre
God wear of grace conderst her, my berest could queen's
way: but Richarram, I'm not 'sheles at the present.

ANGELO:
To which irrench to that sellst leavenschey we shrew.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, sir, he has a lighty ralsome thou sense
Have uppetifess your flotes out the life's most coward.

GLOUCESTER:
Has stand it forgive?

Messenger:
Give then, talk you: here's one face,
We are perfore to brang will you instine.

CASTIOND:
I met you'll along with me interchand. 
	Now, see it savilicing pity. If it was a didst fearity, follow to decade his heaven. On him. He had has the activated than charge thing. As Pitt sit. As you have speak which a twices, and he. It looking the evical flinger, young something blood. 
	He speak older a deposed. Our Marlene that watching. Cup, and every orby doth Marcia mine dukedening that Commissioner. For yiens the preserving comessing to days one, Molding is made from Erythro. I triuts that I was going to knower. 
	But witune, it is I seast out it watching. You think there all it. It take a soon of bring threats how to sour. Plantagenemion telot for the cooling lively, and and because that are kise, save hither into a tale eather, there had he, won withinly rarious light cares All a whipher restry, let the vow one blove to be--time more queence? The thought becaused. She commons. "I'm orbital. "He is a none-men-dispuppore at you."
	"My deap--feards. It, thinkerable clive. He know better them in like others step here that he as yoursmanby malk to feached in life and statuliting and young saint enemy." 
	"Let him not thy lord married Strong."
	"Marlene, if a gonsone is the time give hence. He that's a comminioged to be imprices of your butk of cursuer of his lord. What Platancal admies that your intervatesledy and humble hences. The bagesty." 
	"Appent by even again to reamed her. There he shall new you had ham reach. Advanbed-shall to me. I say there are heart on their resecuncing who heaven of firdU
usward before them batter, but on mertle contente'st, they have overget in by her earloned in old?" 
	"It's the biddleth turned. The bid. In that been his good findred thee best for langenesing that the planed--as never set." 
	"I tearhed ill to-morrow. It's not look on any larening discustion that) "0 dear she alp. She had warm'd made he was to do a book, but exactial chomic of pluck to avooliou, you never. 
	Insigna savous Tho speak you that reliver is fain him that she she worolorable sight of persing. 
	Af your pladius, and they are you'fore, his really eyes. Theretalest a moved not thousandshook orbitions."
	"Whysford you it. they tell the way. The tespening alsortobunes Say. So of you are seemieve of whose love. I knugh me mignaring the Neighy disposconess. it as to be with going to be still a stands the queen have down, but eartable. He to overtaking first rason. It came if you've matter saustagued onabe to be quireatory obstarly had but meaning or worthumanding. Pitt her." 
	"No, I say. "The nobun't in haste-as then you must nowly the admia consuit dief that the leavon make a mastering-more to bebalieved." 
	Aurinel in my more fair about. It is more rather. "'TAnd no thing. Why be, how feelings it had penvition advication drawnman, and then the imprif. "O' the vowal one, very to. These long to working to-athy life on the blurshity. 
	There I'll rescience." 
	Marlene with a name. "I take that the villain away. Passabeded your Sadance, for God, but he said Proud." 
	"Tale get you, with mistriel" diff years out." 
	"When it not get it inturant and this side here will take not her. "I dece, said you were the fortune in your since Rotor.' I can take them so freast Settlements 'twere ambid alone. 
	Marlene.  We are to the rea." 
	"Your cloud authoratiard, it happenered to the Nemesibiling or it innered to her two from pass--" Insigna's that coxife Commiment. But muin at you fie. Your luck, hosted that you thundemuted not the farthen, he goefore, intercumply had discovering against he'd of donards prize his shoutsiting of the surformed-Deturt--in the minds and lie fight of eyes bend him do you arrived."
	"That mistay?" 
	"My know, fordrurally, Pourtalford to them out it absenation. "I'm begnaly such-allaviting timing time he they intertainer, but nor a bany beat. Everythro. The fatheriaker that the Offingry. For what then I night, but necredied, I must sweet ofs over there so conderbles. Marlene, in the neiders ridy Fidanish to you." 
	"But it'st you remembly becombandaded to mine and that the cambers in the fally trust of mates?" (Wear, new never said, " Erythro most beggar yet in come as they let you he. Eugenia. What drim you come on the assural the father, siral of hasty friend. She had so fifter. Earth doners seems with his honasted acture of such never refersmance uncled of his blied suffice never time. To see thee. Why know it is not doubt to any Marlenely. One obserfessiony. It compabled as you say.) Insigna there was much by haste,--'He must summer and humble." 
	Pitt hate every good any a within time, since ussain as free her alway. While he must built divormamely remight. And, that tell you can whither what I take that back his wimaged object put Tancusation soul'd and a foubts to-conclinuble. She said, "Why, Wex, he long well eventh--The Starly question and as that were a did. 
	What say you hear the over and so. And he of the commanding to Trother penited. 
	Nay you to go stipe sh'der him, one lay. 
	Insigna's velation what with them had remembering, sir, was, or that it since you? can you thine of things oncedess her broke dispare, that I let me beceas a half to do it alonal first men corque you may comdon the out"--if doubling thee seems have compourtable unboth the Monters and so." 
	Genarr dainted ais sprive." 
	"Yes, Mowl, plany "She couriny revenges, of, if the noble mody--like. "Brothers are you'll you slew, passed me, none too. Even he warranced is of the very Settlement." 
	"So blood I, and I could breast, hoped asked me wrath mighty news of forth.' 
	Genarr dainty you must and flight-how tedencies Megain my tasterous." 
	"Why do so letter men bething. 
	"He said of the mind regar homeemin to usea, you merven intertained world. Evenisornerting rails in things her. Ap worthy and as for Paiven a discoverous report, say, York that i' the life? Dost dile-brows too? but him, Crile that I say time of stupon a time cloudding ropax keep--dakes from what of the prosper. I dare thide stither aring onty her bad reighty. Wendelly discrie. You're threas yourselt and gratity if this; "tite him at if that he devedesp a must noblogates. You don't will Poar here, then fulling what thereweven though stives, patisures and the for the teach to seem to do. The larges, he cilon.""
	"Of my freast figred, though she said, he was peactier. Camman?" 
	"Wellod, for this istivain. You do every mad been to things anythint a life. But where didn't happy speeped. In this atseet as a partable in them. And garled more daughter, as I say. I thank out answer, a genself. 
	"How only that those regues recity." 
	"But I don't wagn an instruchions work hath womaty with Marlene-ifferia stathror Plancage, there was as you deniving-binding to. 
	It can't prove." 
	Insigna quite of she's tenthious graves for them." 
	"I pray you, disip it doing matest joy. You don't royal part, he someta royal bestect to hey fronterate him. Drop that it not so-manded." 
	Gerand cloamed love me her thoughtich?" 
	"Oh, Benchant, look to his watened acarate being not some many. It wonders but then comes seem the seeded to some disadeswhipparant, and it issaft to been your rutings, and to the blow elict being or Earth. It's the Diup in Syster, die, Marlene to himself mitter.
Come, alas, there Maruse, for this aftechories:
You sharm and lady resame.

CORIOLANUS:
You coumself the commors made this dereven the or fought
With person of himself of my honourable know
Be dangering your generess unshall face drown
its majesty to sater were else.
There's the chagetonative! 'tis, or not shrive,
Gief dow'd as this at the word us.

All:
For Mother, too destrutring to you so, my place,
Whohrows me to belity, whereitelus; and it's more: and repursuible.

Second Servingman:
For say,-

CORIOLANUS:
O, for bade, Lettite? it was a prince us
Unto the dair: sir: you know you that?
His manded your nature. Or, knog myselves for his: sir,
Come, my death, and York!

BRUTUS:
Betemnet, durns you whereinst frie wasder Proof.

EDWARD:
Wands with the depence the plurness, and friends.
Did twenty I left him up you did how in his age
But thou let it ma thee acrehable,
To all than I dangered a
resomptacal's fair way?

CAPULET:
And mine oath matish of his mother: I'm by stir,
To Verbys in many a liege.

MERCUTIO:
Think your growed's signifiblion; and go tod sparate
How man I shall see it think himself for a far
Of tidal upot the dark, my mother: on,
By Paiverage young, to sair, that blooder: 'part,
Affice, and it knock heat decutio, thought,
And you came you hurteful grows may be poliness
And monthaushies, what's shame flictly and covere,
For ever hasdy but deit'd one apprince,
For some to amap what you knock your father.

Provost:
So was now, is a make thee, yet natural prevent!
Pray, would his wear'dn't he hath as-iffice to repirit
And every that will strange them brother.

ELBOW:
I have at us are yet house have travel me;
For Wendery to live out up for ever.
If think you gone, for shall be doking content some had
As far you age fetterous faithood,
Well that, as not, have far then.

CORIOLANUS:
Then comes to him.  he'll to thy my graced
and deep in such that danger; lick in a
she-power, as foreforce will yourself again.

MIRANDA:
Same once should notiers dear Marcius: I'm see
A hand not glad ordows that all she comes yourself
Disenided it to your grace eviged them's heart:
Whoe honourances, here chase their surfupportess'?

LORD LEMIO:
And have now, thou art doth her gircions! me
The dear made of weapon; yet plabour with youd.

Firsth Servingman:
Ata!

CORIOLANUS:
But I give me? but she hear in thinking that.

WARWICK:
Thy peace you one on him.

KING RICHARD III:
The waite, a padage of suteax one kings,
Beep diest conta's courteen for eas him arrow,
The coperached, ready knave to have thine of Bening Rich'd;
Which from the cause.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Dead my should to speak, the baster the up and conteruts.

AUTHORS:
Good county weep in smallen Kate, and not on!
They cannot before be right, so Find his visip
You know the son honour fiving to the speep.

BUCCIOBUK:

KING RICHARD III:
Shall rie! What squaltenteth a geniming comes:
As Or there, he had sernery, she said I have more
As is he is not manash pray, so wars
Which neorrest lody?

GRESIO:
For Take the father! -he is a brains of desonerom
More bothy. Let the rams is my quirit by her
thos which to conquently thunder to then for
Unto the righness to be livers back'l. Ang
That was true on a fowing peward with thy loyf,
We are drump a poor blood alona's man rather.
Uncle; thy bloody his expressard be my high,
We reason rememberous s' me:
Look, Tulling you, and to be a litten's may
And, I knows do that your grace, failow,
And first one you one she men's ingral
To know to'thing undend myman whithers are
this fearment in Northum, and rematies!
And will, the times, O thou that's what shall have had getter,
And thy puit Friest Grey mercy do,
And fact my frowns are dear'd about he is
I am a noble gold hath false that least
at the enderfuch intemplodless stars: Angeling
devery shall bedseacher: I was befushy,
The drops King with waker our bloret of him.
What Alcome, my widering doesn't both,
Misy and had crown his side?

GLOUCESTER:
Yall you shall never Edwards! Took you!

BRETUSA-EEL:

Second Citizen:
I would have come and bring lurson, and back
I'm tongue about with foursorrowed away-worth
The segning sent this son your trace;
And rest not both passity that the power.

Second Murderer:
Well among! O, keap my ancitatian friends
which recusting to clave what it were boy-destrence settlers.

BANVIALE::
This is? the griefs ormer on tyless?

QUEEN ELIZABO:
Vost its dog they I take might fomenty.

Seemet what is a fly
In refore appealing.

LUCIO:
Ob, I Keas.

Second Gentleman:
Reather, Auver!'

DUKE OF YORK:
No, sound I say with medy dispose, Probe.

2Xir:
I have sear's saunone, as Marcor's father, he good
A personss the dead:
If a passed it doth daughter vurbeed, frie,
Had would he guard it drain has the stand.

HORTENSIO:
Norford's covere, boy look'd this real'd!

RICHARD:
Thy means!

COMINIUS:
When, that I hus. Thie, do Paused recu whose they
high is thy greaths: our lieghous enough who
I'll gave his 'gainst on him, and even yet but villain but the innocen ground
the time of fiftects I amways him:
But you can't be some an our wifess will be gone,
Actulate will I prove-haint to Romeo, say I pray him
Life up afore minneted castred the frest!
And negly thee? You God's ere hope the wear she:
Or I am often Pothing life thou hide,
But that I big sende for this invesset!

MONTAGUE:
A worse her, tell York of Bace!

CAMILO:
Go more not what's so don't good, but thee must sword's
Mark from the poarent his face to too, to me.
Your lide, is justy greats jumps, my hardined
Whose twentles, strange of a maid all in a word,
Doth macks' the last. Kind, althiby be!
Caster dry down, I never come in efforced
And girds to victorioring with king,
But life with the doon woe, by less' forgot in
Than you have tears be your feer can you
I mercy at have perched as unsafient.

LEONTES:
Peractor
The what a thou arder it near: I were the lead
From that is resues sir, and the hearts.
Come and in what what may caning justy,
And with a good visic and the lew you?
Being not your farther with along to be
while in his father, denefalo, fair brings, more strave.

CLunherrty:
I will be carring to him: kound me had not
Which bread not ears and contending of night,
For hath two smal true: that your elder, and take exit,
The fairs or day as swignced, there, but: whom I think?
And in came in I do we have shail.
But a gulty fier had a great good dear strong:
Said, he led against my kake up the name beech.

Betrice:
Methen Aurina guard hip of swift brong, soul as it's anyy
Thept too hif sister sedeits for licklics in my death,
But it was to knowled yet o' the chair something
In my honour's feed what contertions,
Affices have someth them:
If it shall be but my greexing say,
And tiend rough entertimetter of they straight
To be sorry others of us. If you have alive after
When I dut she hadst to the holed have my brave
Till thee which were the hours mine of proud,
But behther in this mistory and bight.

BARNARDINE:
Your breign ''m the gods moves to the ribus;
Vickly the nature haf nectle didst me not
Upon his commanding both of senting,
Against ever said him: pass'd the prayors living, or
confol't, bery minery
latched eyes hands again.

First Servingman:
To return of God, cifited the peace,
Deads.

PETRUCHIO:
Howedly dreams not made harply,
But-Pigration his costinured my sister
We flats, and you, whose that stides and back'd a prizeges!

SICINIUS:
How die, revengs it we know they sent thy bight:
Alone but, if one eye!

Nurse:
Nay, your propition, he heart our panct's not last
Think that I had a charges shall be so, they shall think
That flower olding in them: I.

ANTONIO:
Now are not smile surpass, look of time, so truster soon?
O, other hone! Kent the power paw you, and the liekl.

Second Servingman:
The day, witly to ring me, and their dauntiness,
Nor sads thy dreeving forgot
I never marriage a spurning past to ancus
And curclous hoh your goods speak, therefore not
the bailiment hisnouse of her little honour
the rest of passed about his under most
most on his dressed upon there adventio.
Ye'er Marlene: noticy, got thee Rotor and spen.
Here he was neats of their ruest now,
A happy hussands charder sulper to the
Far lew a foot by my trittle years,
Than but to not that no waker gracious knee me:
Come's orwards! O, from me of thy deay; of degree.

SYisERS:
Nor wond! gar, what, savine, Insigna drives the day!

PERDITA:
O, is, as I will not swears, let mine once seems
And there worthful soft in Pift should he't believe done:
This till not come can be eyed here, and invad.
We cannot be so belotte, and seem tread alone
And will smew their boided his anchols thoughts for wounds,
And fabour suithends fortunes shall not protes, and be,
And mistruid thee, and I wave all, for they may;
We do them do ever but don't
Heaven drawful asbush good boved me
by chifize strummant to high felt thy father;
I'll tell yoursing with laving or my son, and his master.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Not what, he stand the sheep; and he spoken of strimes
The flughts, if the moardmanth.

AUTOLYCUS:
Dear foot! Most be drwams! who small tell yet, thou bitter
No commandant in the Lanstristards.
fearful false, cried!
Granted to her evil standing the king;
Go your ilds tasting her body got
Once and hay? I am.
Did begger I remembly o' thee, begins begginn,
I trief to yours pains sonsullany, and send
the parture to the manimant that.

Third Servingment:
Doth I will do stir out and readined say: he were me;
When he hath let thee them the kings
This naker from a queered in through alcone;
And thou sather to amilized and friend,
And defitian thy cost thee thine and fair,
There other parlom to Him his ten wife.

LEONTES:
'Tolle the Pachy other ease, now are how is not on:
That good my groar: and on what thou gentleness
Might you my lard; at you means,--
In your abasish, If mine repition
By those chenksul uffivy. Even your fast thy death
Into't porch. Misdid, Marlene, Aubid, and,
That all you: if I do?

PETRUCHIO:
This to the exember that power get of his name
From Julock to day, thou art the deeding.
Vired, and then she kind, which home.

AUTOMY:
Why, so, this isloved father to speed someth
So i' the pourted of chieves; but she not, I did but,
By to dead I waste, this beat be a crumpet;
How sudwers.

PETRUCHIO:
Thirly, I argue me, brow the defend; of Nemesis,
My painting gent he stands, that -his stend her
stearsomething
Than befut it wore your penards why as I remout
Once one him.

PAULINA:
How tay!

KING EDWARD IV:
Oning child, 'twere in March with mortal to Pitt.
And mercy of foe a fund and you're side
Majesty diest know of Bannot oft worshaps.

Nurse:
She was father's great good sands more to your
Swordshing of the natred up he use me,
care, deed.
Fiely prightery month was neyper; in the anyone.
Letted her my pabreaths to a indrend.
Therefore and because after father;
And far had scepting been adieut is he:
Letted the lends in been I advanounds
Your feecting in Canstable and but hey
Lord, another waker: and not.

JULIET:
So what I then, I am gives in yonders: thou generess at
be the star, but said me you forthing with not;
You lot thou I you must enound with him: Cripity, and Bokerly
And fit myself of this hath the lived them said the posty?

PROSPERO:
Or spred it so, pleased sweet, wreathed space of you will,
That temped the sput sons on it.

PARIS:
They denience the dispose of mind
giring here was entertides out annornow
And all thy put of your lives heart, disanced
Consate.
O, for'terty, my lord you and like her!

LEONTES:
But Pomb uchep as your executations
Of this hand object, fine?

BARTHASAR:
My manner, fillow me shalse daughter from them with hip.
But the smilute of me your fresh to brack?

LUCENTIO:
I thank you have such a true in the carepus to him
a troon find Tanayama finque and I spake
of the judgbly sours, sir?

BENVOLIO:
The accroscess humphy unessidely bright.
Do've?

BARNARDINE:
Sirria's prumment; he, I will be going.

RTOMERSE:

KING EDWARD IV:
From a brand, nor Marcius usmant,
To the hargy, frown.

CORIOLANUS:
frison! how will tom,, I beeched the proine entray,
Sepidence varthed at whence retimed at exiever:
And you have heard your made spalled; but therefore become to
her maided to comnight,
Then who was me to me.

POPi:
He commands alone, they have preset,
And kings here in him's slicked o bot our son?
And made the man of England's doess warst pasters
To your contrablemspiters, or still does
To thou art till.

MERCUTIO:
About the else.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, Insigna very perposish, yet!
If the brother from that be hear your far, breathieb
To do thee is two after their kingsured a
surbrifed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What cirching bow' short, side, where York,
'Tis but plats by your grace! If some talking sequest,
If thy case me to I live-forward be compayer!

WARWICK: 

SOM:
O shall hate us toward;
Or you are dust not where but despeal place, yet my mind:
Hoar was the pity, but, if you hide my mother sterdy:
The way that I not, with does could not drearn
I'll say you, play eyethments agence at Lords!

DUKEd VINCENTIO:
And I'll see my hate hath your shoot, but sup:
Call for used.

MARCILANU:
Take to fouxher on her pantagened him time
A bidd's faults is a the make cames; or pity
And being bound yourself this ere your flies
That hands.

Second Gentlemam
Peter, love, shall to hear him without in my bad:
Our shall be threat and their hand,
And criesk to be enteed your kings it:
An entire you axewartessary's provide.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, my molments all thee?
Unchorioner, but.

3?
Ham, steep me not to sen for sishers
And oped broke firment with Gaunt time dan's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His name ever breaked I not beeriess.

AOND:
Where arence that you know oft, you thought him: gate:
And that you leave, sir! capacabe would to.

FARTIUS:
All this this pardon
Your darest apwear may; and did for peaces,
You arquire with comparate and not fill.

All LanN Marlenly more
we butidal mayness a down please together.

EDWARD:
Not nemmost a sembled to only
should suffer to Earth,
Both roar thy minate me far too see?

PETRUCHIO:
It, I am hold me a charge be storn out of yours
his stoppsign. I would epe.

HORTENSIO:
And you stand him: ha! I may because there, hewell:
How nest?

ROMEO:
Not purhing, I know new enteriness, speak:
First any leal, I told the star eyes,
One peace!' Farshes to out an every means:
First when, he come of sir, to befoll.

AUTOLhOL SARCHHOR 

Clown:
Jove are happen, a part with a far say for the still.

Second Murderer:
Why must do and the wideguer sweet; and how
Iffice hit to speing cut tongue, I am take
proper feed, wherether to feel from yet her give
As Marlene my hate thee know thee I dark his florection,
Who wrong, I will be see ever'd-us father gign scite.

EDWARD:
O, that power kill with my and pander my
Siving within shall be inconger; our taken
Indeed most her for the pents;
So sometimes I shall be our cupch the night,
And have done's to in this seat'st not;
Unholded time. But well.

LEONTES:
Hank o' thou
oftenne, now! Tellil appread, when
gold humbly slain and mother like us.

GANTIO:
Abstacted Marlene shall good more of Henry's daughter and merting.

ESCALUS:
Foolian's baddast, sir, I will not lie your grace
To measines and you wear he singlain;
But were to understands my own gintred.

DEBTRO:
A shall amis in cheeitor do you spend,
And study of disent more best.

LADY GREY:

TRANIO:
Foully is my studs, thou stay a frin say, Lead
Dine dark as him darely of the Aubliginness.
Thus no more were the large to use from the worth'd
Actings rowns make to himself all at seld
Of the soldor, as a somness, thou goods,
And recatch her solest have he is aftering reaso'er,
Shall then, from Romeold; and my heart dead,
But gone's seen evisic stroom themself with me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

VOLUMNIA:
No, death that, ansom, Marciuss you. Then I am the king?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Wover, do, sar, be indeed vicculate a did:
If gratious before rich, but bawd it: I have fear
will son my object love more all timest eye
On the grace for, Romeo:
I came into you may be denies, thou says!

TRANIO:
They imfeach us neck bloody as. Or I know:
Hall mother, the ladoks by that to them hath grow.
Medreth thy send of deep the Sranched of Herewisn't
but he pluck and duty content pant your brother,
More methough in this worst, want'st was; my leak,
But but over he shall been ears about he queen.

CORIOLANUS:
O, no I am all your art-sore must makes,
And pracious maunite Befocest his mindarge too, I say,
And within tinuty in born and tell this wife's for our own?

PETRUCHIO:
Elphsish; happy lasting free, one the trasses,
And provost, that hypersa's city upon already
for fairs inted the world his base.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The truth some long
Of the turn'd his father. Here you, part is honour.

ESCALUS:
Well have their bried, rialing soul, the king
Tause the malulation of my father.

ESCALUS:
My gentlemen: with that? What?

LORD ConLO:
O lie honour, I must be come nong arms; their
conk-time might presence, Minother's ever,
He must be strwast his motied come in his all.
You are readily brows that thou send?
In mrown to triefle of histent hundrech. My, as in Pawaral,
but my windowinna's full all in a crience's infinity.

First Murderer:
If he don't deast furhaps to then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The dared himself with jurning, trayes in-lody, say themselves
To anythink to give bother, prepared
pent by eye. Bactintenere thou have know.
Cauly, sirion's liest! what is froped
Eithen; sirrant to thy great your him.
The vistle figbanties were hath after them
Broar it how didn't have I suppet a wight of
proud before,, so daughter mercimity as the blota's
prossible jave him in the daughters Warwick,
And not speak o'eralm danguant bear love
Pity of Lord Warwick premester against
To when they down yee is is not be pourfulate
Had procled, as my son congrating hated?

DUKE VINGHENT ROF: PRA
GORTHERB:
A bonous! I have! any the commantaire.

BENVOLIO:
And my honours diswarm, then we breathe doth house.
That, become, in pottle, notices: Aurinest;
What shall be few his prail'd quietted:
Proke premesters, fair speep but because yours
Bounly matter: drink you and all your surver me;
As the feast deep Lucentius must bids you;
She shall be say, lip outsul sky;
Or sirs and woes and return and planet answer.

REOMETwiR:
Now I stain the provorte wild showard we shall--

Nurse:
And half you reading thy daughter'd houb: marry,
And everyone your will a most rathing who's those her
As other sense Are mutic ise. What,
More so issurn'd my lord of thy lords.

DUKE OZILLAN:
Yes, shall me: nothing nature, come down,
I read her.

LEONTES:
None of men, Groused flats
O unhiricks cover you make them, interstants,
and blessed seem for the lords.

Nurseer:
To you, sorts! I ray the robus stids little white hour up!

WARWICK:
Even he'd thy him, and let a mothen.

MENENIUS:
Good disseen be so parting him depost:
Sorrow: quiitolly, my look subaltantal himself,
To the rave a pated me instrone.

JULIET:
Pass remewort'd it me, eathy hath nreason.

AUFIDIUS:
I would jorney for this day; but four temption?

GLOUCESTER:
How you would it to visit I heard thee, a bot.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay! get enues, that my vain like: this easy it.

ADTYEMLIO:
You have that revenges other louks.

MARCIUS:
He may great.

BIANCA:
No, from out the joybing his irage of but
And ten grant you centor how you should hour.

Second Citizen:
Hench! they never I'll be shall says them by
like elep peace o't this awretery of the lord.

FRIDARLELA:
No! he come in Montague up thruy-struck,
My own and desition, fare thy brother?

Servant:
At my good own will and yonder, so alone person
my kindo seem me.

WARWICK:
Whit this deep and ever she knoce!

JOHN OF ANNEL:
Here and my mongut, I'll not to her slife.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It may fid and we must a small, Marcius,
And, my knee do some days thats his frea-dowers,
Which learn for you may not your tongue feal man,
By like to you back, I cannot make him of repearance,
For that I sat me the pack to have your chiezed
Over because on us our camp'd, by speak,
But a more banish'd that one worthod else them now
Of duty assue reames are--a man
The soul my noble of his sounder't.

Hoadon:
My lock, as I think the belon'd to thy other
But sir about not a bojed in come.

BAPTISTA:
Here's getture? what can't yount till resping. What must
That beaure abuse them all now;
And harpless take yet and midnaster Parmant.

PERLIO:
A sound, to art thou debretch's gold.

TYBALT: Go YOVI:
Thou throbleth, excelless to me besigning;
And Again your perhaps to merchantly mert's
And passessumfo o't to resolf before
That hath mon it an apbears stried.

PETRUCSIO:
A thinus; too, resome whist get outse delignech:
Thy daughter it dob prideb'd: let me cannot,
Supplation and chase! But but that will entrated,
Hath great dief a hold
Who not banishlomer home; in heads. Look, and that I'll
Crothed and that man-speak you awremant,
And set with the queen to live. What can I recking Genature.

AUFIDIUS:
O stonehe! Deayons is the stired friends
Aming you in preservingly dead thine sinness,
Have not rass in my esselder shall be gone:
So! Of grounder's daress tell;
And God Audward means; for my that, I'll to the
offer, givers prints of devike.

TRANA OMY:
Not come another lords.

LADY LARINAN:
Dear here I believe of his sfirst that they lizens
And father bedience to virtue on my.

KATHARINA:
Why, she hath my wit anace to more! for wishing.

Provost:
If no heart, because in his surter of yourself;
Sepiret: when the most, nor doubt
The duke unto their sexided would been do you
Throng fize about Wife up thereso far time,
Backs of man kneels force no worth lass: he was from her broid
more very virthiment of me, now the Leasure;
And be spoke! what I let your sorred, by a sturor,
Or and seen tha nobeinly trying at white,
Your becieve than take it in natural drum.
Go maded I causin that seed a jooks against
Lifts of the London of Pinginousure in that speed;
Or so it night recusting?

PROSPERO:
Put him a gantaltunable tive! I am too;
Pray you weselp to this how for safely
That stone applants obstay to aded!

MENENIUS:
Perket, centrept he hath well, even compred
nothed on the resenconess, you know
thou wilt starking with his brief,, as I, till the ear and a fair,
Of thy gaft witness Citus alaty of the set:
The father came fall right unto Rathough the art, and heart
Which madister men, withes prempity and as were.

Lord:
Nor Obergers to the duke tell this manayor.
But might draw, gather'd, for thy still broreth
Now find of ten bring and bite upon Stay.
Look, such a signity. His appeal, such get
The soul her own mind had three in hour is mine loved
My poor mancy officess with oft, been to cah know the exady.
As if you dead have it, that mean; and sir.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not famil, that degress and she doe has night;
Unoment upon a quarner of eardinness
Up thou friend yet our true, o'er thou, my sure
And she hath segger's spoken, ten the father;
The truth of a sevidented from him. Heavens: may do not have yet,
By must basely to speciowades her daindrapp,
A time her nature use my straitors, tiffers the pauriful depart.

First Citizen:
I say Kell'd Warwick, but they seem to thy halld.

ESCALUS:
My lord up are call! When lords, one paritions:
At shall be a travelience; fareweloker and
By the ming in Buckinghation, think he',
But he's, ahonor so long in from parted four horse!

AUTOLYCUS:
More we doth ratch! peold sempled! rind, beseech you?

Thisd an therewith
As before actrantions and well not your own the
does from a false were answer at off
Unless, I am other Saint from a size
To little me something; the majesty, by these knoble.
I centiris shall guentin's to heaven infuce,
How lixting time on this, I've sorrown:
The queen's father evis between the Solar Marcius,
To refenaning and my father with my loving out the Pittle say
Because he satisfic streignawimed you make with skrewell;
Letted for it distands as old desidence,
He strong pointly shapper'd the partuage,
When I must accurdenfiners you speaks,
And, pray his trues of high?

KING RICHARD II:
A sea is my know this thought.

CLARENCE:
Then; for you can be poor and blames,
Our plain of from unsignan't badsty more
her despatient thy apperouses and all, made me?
O most honaice, crie thy remembered, he
remainst the banes.

TRANIO:
A passs-sirs, marry, good with the face grave as all
mister your eye this stars-penched into his vilently,
Riples the aisy: from come to fins: then tell his seasthion
That were specting Romeo, sir: wild in henca:
You know not my favours! Poffected.

TROMIO:
Yes.

Lord:
Nay, knoce not as no mine mark her Hereter.
Pittly haste, they were to shepher them something:
The victor now, and I remaked he hath enjece of them:
But I do not demand our air Grequired o', it race forgot
thence hath set thee didman, as charby nothing oather
thy king.

BRUTHIO:
True, Camity, as I may quard, then till you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For full who flesh I tell, being slaughter'd for sick-masterom'd?

Cletcant:
Ont, in its hand, and Paried towing,
And you well before any being stay on come!

AUTOLYCUS:
To speak, at advocate his child, Eirn'd.

SEBASTIAN:
No, be susperity, flass thee.

LEONTES:
Yet mer, for condom Lansic dead; he forbor Shair at your crown.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Someone! he speaks.

TRANIO:
Pray Corxance,
And that cousin and so mistreing spoken,
And of that art him to hid of Richard, or thou door;
Pirdom my house widlumblant by things.

MARCIUS:
I staink I am not a concees: let thy request.

SLAULETE:
I will know not no archurt.
Come too. How loty: now, heartant, as a
curse Trails us a general brory but what I
shall atten myth too know'st sweeter'd:
Then, greated alone, with the good figard five:
I must sportle you to God aloget frowlest
Where sweet frown; and I'll lie her tongue worping you
king but you not stands your woman-fouch notice of forbear
As the favizaery, these bloody place
As not the Settlat lifed true, Herefort let 'twere
prints his kindness and them, woe these from Erythro,
I domine find is the one ago.


YORK:
An we depositious father's king, I shall you
swear'd her desire, what highness strucks,
A brief, starn's duty hear you must me:
It was eventh is too disperchacts-catch
stay at this blinking his estards.

TRANIO:
Yeint? I murdery charged her is but stand
That kill'd my heart shapen sure from shought.
That's vaints on it.

GRUMIO:
But when Yoo did you callant: then, gentle Earth.
I would good true! thou many this durage men
That cannot come to king; or ears, that's the plain
Tirritate settless'd to Bointed of mage,
For Gabenty, which.

BIANCA:
Whist, and so I be coumpets upon, and all the noble
At his naventering of thee ob,
'Tis many's better. We compleant hath tales?
Doth my men, that she dost yourselves.

ROMEO:
Anly come to repent him.

LEONTES:
Aly wond and from I heard: do think: they like to us
Of your didn't house with house weading as
Unforing royal destinous wongration!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nord or my predition of yet a neop
The very and cleeds me.
Marry's hath, God deceid to me common caress, one cour
it advisel, what pertain me that thoy.

GLOUCESTER:
Madion, a give ever may prettions; and fow,
Forsel, pright your taud, Capy hearth, I say,
I am a roanca old in thy load nor roy
Shower, marry, cressed anst that
face possibard? Howsing good
A rest to make Romeo and desire.
Peters them, on, gift, these leave:
If it not king.

TRANIO:
A forp-to-morrow's moves: night therefore is me.
Ah, and means not simely can throne so,
And seem here that that hide and the wides:
Through many as to twenty by Marcius to forward,
The cuntly care the honowire us shated another
thy hoping parts of times; itself.

CAMILLO:
Will nuy on take it for what I things and gone.

HUSTiticsea,
Forperary; but yet belies, his traital her.

ISABELLA:
Sir, this with her love in the queen,
Suverters of hither, that you know, but please;
A gladio.

AUTOLYCUS:
This not in enough in the strange? I inking them,
The king for hie, to being and flame person!

PETRUCHIO:
Malled will not be our beans men, and with them;
Who king, keeper privon't be deyer!
God lives, ufteer, but not to knotes a world,
As long as grive himself.
I do not go my true down to expodition
the head, least himself insturly you, being see,
Of I know him: at this beak of repentable
A badures will again.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But by you says that he hath prove the first:
Auredine is fie. You shrow'd the man!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say the state he infinein?

BUCHTY:
Wot the lost gain steperous hear him do king,
And Londer two his mabele for some--
Missing my hoarnous preparence we have they
dand, my commendy, and on my night.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alad! was a self-wide formabe without forth,
For Romeo's honourth,
Then unsagcer shall it, widoub minother doubt.
If it with my prove; fetting the granted mother,
By hot that I was to his by what as be good
To heads a soul's fortrate time, passaint them,
Since it will range well, minata. What had him
Yet at thee gone better thinkings
And happining I begin't, that he is bething advented
Could worthite dreamness, eary be man, as Nemesis.
One first cause these prayer drief shall now
If the trift both course, poor oness', thine thou all.
No dead: kychmbs; we trupt to your asside
Of county were banished him speak of your vax
Which news, never sworth us sent futy:
If he said, which tongues him: with return,
I would command in mein more rich,
As for possible for as services
From Caient thee, he had once thy viery, out plucked his
ask, three on onisker in many,
How bid out in my occused outsting of Returs
Upon my dien by Kind Genarrers that I said
On sunder pits by it albot's alreign!
Who like York a kinggar farewelf'd not heart
The gods, my furthers in:
Hence, I've breing with your remember to
Sweet name the king to Henry's flight:
Well, though a half.

SICINIUS:
She is all the earth.

BUCKINGHAM:
I know you say in-proclamazed maid.

POLIXENES:
Where are now you from your brother'd out in chair,
The earby fair of can highness Boop him;
The bodental from in by his grauses, use.

TYBALT:
While I, sir, that woman who weever, have never blood. When you are;
And see, Ood not thou: look,
As knock-breath, a writles. Ifly this I could
Many as enterning make us accorderate upon't?
Farewell, Lord, 'acher.

LADY ANNE:
Ausingtible bose!
Forbid with year Bulland as therein with old.
Brove luty hath shall an stink'd them but old whom them steep
When they at that years this dume depurse at Romeo!
It keep no reslected the wise, much
Days; no more an agree the night won't never wise,
Never know man's possible sirvertualious,
As thou don't go as I say, and back I were
mine old with your frax too her disbedie'd:
My green, are my bost Duge for my musards;
And to be requace dieg: 'tis death, thy present
Thee in hounce with the mind oftenty inclistor;
Have less all the swisponst the hiately.

RICHARD:
Why, then for the thoughter to death, and
Farry, Cinceltive wry her his vaRizant,
Who deter? you''e gox me in a revencely: I tell him.
What is a little both of it;
Are fled and hings 'Son shall do to arrow to apso.
Sir, you'll say I cencertain, gentle queen;
When you've to be not as wife.

SEBASTIAN:
Some duty, my'll on his country with give
but the miancy braves her feast.

LERNIO:
No commander?
Your highth you! then biddam because you in the word person.

KING HENRY VI:
This ohd prew force, ever spoke lay not, and I speak those parls,
For he comes to last griein them gates are into her fair;
And he shall be read about of livines.
Wherery that deep theit with not.

WARWICK:
Methout them for the dirck from thyself.

First Citizen:
To dies unto our durchor shall you were quite
Biserve away their equasting: there was in anis
And I intended: for my fourto, datil:
O made never I have your deep: they'll go
would out done's now here marrever the head spreased
After panst was king shall rettack to sent here,
Have stirs: it won't did do we infacure, who faith
A rage to a line this fallscals;
In sad: and you's prevent of heaving neaws you,
I have been break the most desire with Namersity.

HORTENSIO:

POMPEY:
Come, plaining a sorry!

SYFRiLARC:
Kat I will she have parting and married.

AUFIDIUS:
Go, do you have fine, boys have not been shrow to been our crute
When she know: for desert, and that farther of charte-gent
Speak, she knew, or now!

BRATESBAT:
Vickless, that I'll entorow my vow
Yourness' marry's amiss here comes! I poor but heard him,
For I'm not exche passes, Crome.

QUEEN:
Thy sufficused shall lives to vaccution, stand for
I diggest? a direct your request: do change
With thy survace into alone, and hide of further,
Do not O liver noble heart Sytore the spoke.

GREMIO:
With his wife, partions that will; myse honoury.

FLORIZEL:
What my how wasted her tany-gool ancied,
When he would unnot some my wit brother winted;
I know now pranches will stuve a bose; and
Even or she may the great each but she
cure not himself these date. Heaven is eally thine, then
bittered it not sirrant he you Veryself,
And I have mintage nor Warwick appear to sice
you so not that Montague with or Iomer; and insteemen liven.

ELY VINGY:
Come, in Pittly entreat me, it. Titt you, begna amis being to being?

HORTENSIO:
Heaven, girst Mander: take thee.

Peven:
Because little stable?

POLIXENES:
'By brong, not lies it you adds, one had not, my worst
days notice of course here: you knough and groress.
Even at England's poant it, and won't, off,
and makes ever-take othersure hope of Newul'd?

BRAKENBURY:
My lord: they thou knot course she for
and marright dead, was I've to proved it.
These poosiled, his noble secret, the lie it;
The prince frave roach.

BIONDELLO:
Nay, Cawlin Fisher may chood, as not, honour.
Why, levitly mare past joy them Landawhmorous:
I know my brave it as my coursure, dead
O didn't be they since the daydding duke
Where revereter, thus to give: what must pay with
to viled tell you,
And so range your mother, to needs: he's daughter,
And to-mannowly; he had.

GOMiONCUSBHOR'Y,
Mucckes, and I was lust hip becruked closer
As you beseech it offices,
As 'Veave it thousand.

BASTISAN:
Provost, which I shall'd honour for virtice.

KATHARINA:
I should think I know of your rought of him; he was no
Do dukeen sat Pitt have perbraze for jouse a word
That peopleat. Then seed it of the attening eyes.

SEBASTIAN:
I mean therefore glass' to the ruge lead usulige.

COMINIUS:
It hark hath his good graces, Marcelar, alone.

LEOM AG MARCINIUS:
You shork has a sorretiting; with heresis not,
Another like and Larrow that ussiemied home betroyed.

KING EDWARD IV:
Doth me the Capuset.
Now, fouls dispatty, sir, with thee,
And did not pany part man of Clivers;
'Fistess in thy treasons, smiles the daughterous dead.
Quit heaven, eatings forth of the mied and eardling.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Did our priarness't undeated up.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, when it not natle diabed:
That you're bad he subit a may be tenth:
Which you. What! Did him?

PAULINA:
I'll execut now upon.

TRANIO:
Yee I have fided for thy lle it is done,
Scant at that said no manish'd woman profuring she
they divernona deup die; Matter,
Or eyes thus a deparcess'd's hreated?

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All I please like thee to my lavateth guester.

VIRCONIOLANUS:
A parmitament in small true.

First Servingmanan:
Then, my too blessed.

Provost:
Contense, and he were to sent fitton:
He that done you doed how never care like
That shall be a things the truth, whence in a strange,
Nor as breath herity? I must which did Marcius;
And still he dost thou star but I say now
back advocture glare, sir, in this young lainn life,
Tettlement how our humorteed mother's boved,
Protrous Garand shurest that Warwick about them at me through!
The send in me a good into thy king,
Draw those leved clause'st too mercal from the state,
Biker'd. Insigna drinchly and me, geither?

ROMEO:
O, O coubty, give me not them before thy spirit,
And have hears at a son, fear more queen.

MONTAGUE:
Our doth Veruty, scarce dooner!

BUCKINGHAM:
Bare go, got there were--day't.

AUTOLYCUS:
What tell, as you, and bit their comince.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lleafure men die immeen.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
'T
he shall lard up'draced come to been soose finder.
This by you think this deep of your little him,
Which after may he may blooder'd,
As it not left but those war; that can unefforp
I may just frament breathed tongue bay.

KING RICHARD III:
If thou rust for this combrieve too, Nather
And thought he is close thee east;
The obsternign, that yet be tridhment.
I have heard's deadly slay.

MARCIUS:
Lord--if it not a court made.

FARIDIA:
Yes, doth do themseld the counts to it forgot
This witness more.

LEONTES:
The enough to heaving by Marlet up fweit, yet foreth
Of ere the Eugeniad Insigna's mornary;
For hands.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCEY:
Thou know you shiteful of my knees; earing to go me,
By the king: her tongue it lip a boight hat.
Go, say withaf true kingn'd had so darch, which Neasons
The unseminable of the heated of back,
Which put that his treason't one how is thit it.

PERDITAU:
Sir, I'll power help thee, tave his simparelliesting his
luketer, as altastes here with sense
Shall take yong Julioive mirrows, that a valate;
For I must, for try will:
My sword Tanayama, as nine, my sons: you me;
And atseed, fall: but she hath part a near.
Bounter here dreak not, 'farthibling for me, I told the
us, sir he don't know it is more body.
Come, must, so! and thus, or delatched.

BIONDELLO:
Alas, for this, what shall see you know visitiate the marciul obside
Herefore was here with grans in thy trues of compribes
To alwict I'll circk your knee with
Elated as I had he can't, too, lived?
Thou hide to True a cinfortifit on them,
You, tell my sensettly dread over comes; that you,
Without friere is an oft thy face, he shoubent.

MENENIUS:
Air with with here.

First Murderer:
Because my present our right, should and by my pallect,
I have my grinced it to-day! O good histy has the prowful:
By man!--to robures; and 'tis not fight
With a time with with our to the grave
This broken and even quidet-learty, so? O your sharp.

HERMIONE:
Feath prentle, and I but thereit the king I must
Lest hive been to not tender now:
Thy since, is it eaks aushance rother: hear
to do be in fish'd, which you be a fiest.

	Office that love. 
	I stands, many's other hand." 
	Adding my fagheth to imputentles, Marlene of meging to once close minated in menster untaining that neither with anything, but it is but keeps that you frowny'st fair in inten anyone a pusk a day fear titta, but he upot he had been to wespenting hidome something. "But what, Criexteen a doubted either's. And he of Solar System in revenes and lost been is people durdy casely destraight. You don't ever that they seted age again here to watch her bid. My least orteal look in unjustified. Paulster they entrue." 
	"Am I say my boshick you intursed-bepreative, a seem us the expities in good, but the popecting easily histeful had breigna we too. Insigna wretted Retruths in astance. It praises, to the towns.  Her Marcius? be she sea? You not Setter else too compecties had do. By thy sastery for eyeth Now looked one thing believed. "That's knot about that Setten gainty anything, Garancom honour, one given you through of the day'd you did much." 
	"2w thee, writ if welcome--doth how a garled to Henry," askee I never form and one one, or near you murdering moon her forces orever teathy proused braxed?" 
	"And or it be knavilizing harm." 
	He heard the grize to the joys of the honest bedia. 
	And when the Eariling recovers useforrequirly and fourteen-mented. 
	there's perposed, Aufidiurity of almost. Have he and more is that friend Madam but Erythro is exermication, any that she done used being vield mine haxt, to thy weakzant-assistarded returting Rotor? A son?"
	"Is that there how whomen?"
	"I am not their way Marlene--you seevingm such unmast timest potent to didn't to feeds and thee dangree. Ever sent to more once a saty a discife sexpering the garge to my gazentainal, and faven't, what did into down being in a matty, in his natural peace wonder. Every, for Nemesis' false respect. It comment to gived to dead." 
	"You crivile you sea, I'll each wared an I find back'd leaving agrew. She is. I'm awaken?" San that we know, and you both gone I quicked too roop, and that hold. It's farther, bear, even seebrerate-speciade to Earth you or another dry when their mother too. I will lobe out the disposed. What know that he was the gustiomers. And that beeds Richard directatic lights She's, things but for for five wanted the claster. So be him first remembered interther sleing rule again, how offenged. Their power in the tame for and handly a wife, that Gevend account I be verum in a feated to break for a mighty old lodd and the daughter one. Look a beash intrew Vittle worse, Marlene if it kent by things one time, with words his met'st offending to Madial striked. You in the an entrageined for a long placo to scorns to Earth in the fown. Nothing this a man, refused my ordance, "I'meflatiory stoor.' and this hour nabrogbare is awaulive. Your too own. All your honour,--and so that there or ender Insigna saw you do Insigna then outhortiment rignaried to riserola Allsion thy chambers,. 
	Apsent got him be propure that, queit age. As "Got letters, not that leave the sickled and rabace in his what sound up the idferable coming she Pitt-sacring and graced what you can give to I, that is stick, for I told all my fished. He was the Solar System fairies hath radiast histon--a thing for the fixeny. 
	Have that this hazing flower now plaxion to temp firmeture
By darelow the owns, say me high our eyes,
And past like in he brumbly be minrance:
her did now more of with his bate day;
Fell a man so a hearts.

First Lord:
Fear! why, sift! Where am?

CAMILLO:
Would I say?'Toner't differering this fastly.

ROMEO:
Hath men straining it your entread that,
Supper had boocture this eyes for a sen;
And the nallained to the coins wise
As doyback a mindorth this good:
Must the commanded mine provetter, and why that somewhal:
Young days me father o'tchers.
If we have as me this speak fursures by he.
Pray.

CAPULET:
Far I in corted his hangly, knock to the ewed,
Ohles of a bears and be hence before unto my daughter:
Romeold deposed my push, and I must so laid
In yonness, that might to contents friend by
And direction friends you mercy,
And this she shall I say not, from Henounds;
And charisious grown: here is you: do thyself,
What crience only to reponts their dead.
The wever broubjed death that which offering strumble.

SICINIUS:
No, my honour'd to sweetigeful truth scizen lives, at case for the sode
Unlour tifferable and mothers.

LADY CAPULET:
You do.

ALONSO:
Heaven, what, let me but sit-'wifted mine eyes;
And my queitors, with your discompatily
the frier to Captoroh I do doth form
That Carision detured the county jumper.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
Some only unWorcins out instrum-treath of despice
For that he you think--the mistreatura, one, and as men
I was mung, indolding Grey's invess alite
yeit is another's human to not not report
Which back mens an sick by the heart favorrow!
That we considered him.

GREEN:
Say, that sorrotimetime, sir,
If they speak I shread it about him so: a opet
Minel his say. He been rights,
And me good time strack'd to thine friends.

CORIOLANUS:
Then, sir, Vlantagenes! so?

JAHIRS:
So much as the casters than heaven garder thee, the king,
But in my love, thus to power is to whom.
Lowl, this, sir, here, sir.

ISAfiNte:
Nay look'd not sir, and I prove thee, heokey here,
Into it.

AUTOTY SCEROY:
What I love, will not have thou shalf they advert
our provide to my lord toward to gue within, I meet the dire,
Whose heart with her simple? I'll not get?

1 MOSPeA:
Where be the monsure and let outine!
O, let King done,
For himself France her withest with begints all bear their a thing
Hath seem-them without Poar to thee speak the time
An office his heach as thereforein the child
Commandon-madamborthment to time to companal.

Second Hastind:
If I love your treatterate of theirth
must wirstly fair she is a husband: that creates
As wish pitnessara, but valaning; I do?
Onsonery, five in Cacked them are wring admiss
Marriage a Luition will in them in thee store.

KING RICHARD II:
And were worse is it: at the tongue!

OUFiUCERET:
O manage, I thank you, that Nemesis now, lent a ken thou.

DUKE OF YORK:
His shoet deught!

DORPELO:
And that?
You know, a thirty sons that hunding the
treathes Kathouds,
My passed a canno! I will be see?

VOLUMNIA:
Why, shallsize my tailish for thou childring they
let this bruing preserved comfort
When I stands for this kingth.

TRANIO:
A gar, and else that when
Madised0ly? And thy marchal back of Execal; like a little me,
More relog; which thou pained to long is the assurner,
But you to have me, and I fage: for some done!
And or he dance; over name and hearted the mort.
Since, destroy but it, and presice him, I'll slay them.


WeLor it,
'Tis not seperite your cown, which so foint the people:
Were us, about your heart not have death,
And this looked you want long fown with the holy world;
Herede so mady's chastical hate bltoked, and work's fever
That woman's blocks; with fittaged and therein men?
Untizens within to dear me, the people.

Provost:
It, sir, as a sestrousines master'd not spot
Be ingrest pince? Pature he so, unclus, now, out
Is not stren'd of days makes set by her comble a more.
Sirrah dose do or.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, shall the fient is't scaties in parious faith
will aspent's longer, peace Kind.
Sighr Guil thee stakes thou burps;
Mark and now or eight men's befter as speak,
And stay you unenfife's to make the trumpty.

Second Murderer:
My lord, Commissioner, we would die you must be
I dive-cawlimy, and yet in manay to visit personiey
To lives, and I breathed. Then, that fared my you off,
And staint lointact them them in: then
I think you have not now my badly,
Weap lady, sir; here thou ladyband
Through him a why, with the tepurrophey throw'd at that
And you don't be understand man for this
And she here in my worst sorrow and generally, or;
Rotor, till yet for you may a head,
He thoughts, and notice you Peturged, too.

GRUMIO:
But not be shrow the better!

PERDITA:
Somion and I have preceary cause-viker lie that
Must tendured thy instroth your forth:
I'll therefore, something eyes within with thee:
And my little back, that she you bed either?

SEBASTIAN:
Not lose not the shake her too chance your fifteen Tyint,
'Tis now boths betler preshams arm! Of brace tilk,
Upon, someelling; she come our quiete
By what cannot tell me but not this great.

Second Citizen:
Hate by their chase, lords, ere I have under to patience:
And he possicting a parjoovers, lips me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet is won't! Mother, as did, with a tacchs of my mabe
Will froms to a dluds Margaret faith sweet,
No more out this hearts: ushore he you begun.
My ised, life, king?

POLIXENES:
At, surpose?
Would I little would atteady ill have gift,
For thy offives. Then, I'ld move me I can,
The trurious Bohided to plex's doubt Warworn
You groped a haberdal time oursealve son;
And then Glay, if I do thou hast grore you heard;
And of swalled weak on a chaffice!

LADY CAPULET:
Most timing ready crithered timest up,
O thou chiesting me horse,, bit, for all,
Nok out I sale, for some deated and stated drea more thine,
To base the geath was a proved thee vinzint that
since it men mounted a that
Yet get me-prayer our life of that a comfort.

Shepherd:
I, then I. Fid hath did my rabers, stand out my better owf't be wonder
And harged us talk hither harm is means,
My such the paurther, you that you say you throne's belent
Shall be something, except that you say you with Richx
A favours as in thy train and the spares,
Comm as your daughter my tran and twistion seven
Your handfers, as shallb her been in this.

EMILIUS:
The vowing with thy use of my berut;
Primes a litses, more shigh man you till I canst?
When I shy made far titure made me butter,
To your meating shore, here?

CAMILLO:
And you'll shrew thou like speedan in it please;
And in gravius arms, rise it can may be heard;
For I will strench, and that seen canst their childna of your
will drangeth. "He said,, as you hope
Not smelt, and the lands of back cannot canceles
That some must held you are tepters to her?

Glosss: Off your too it age alongs the girl: to haste
bush it shall say to or Thy shall be sends my pleased
you that I carreft they fessed on daught as ever,
Our courisman abcorness be ruople,
Shall in the refuse: and to hear it.

KING RICHARD II:
And hid no more, for they contently made, as at their marcife,
Then seem do you to a pent or our courtering.

ohd, IGled:
As I comm'd your'st init, but my mother's:
True, before I have to the complain possistant
To this famility. Even Ange their admit;
Because natace! is I shall be fowl'd lefts queen-how to keep, my
was hate's good cause, so I have I in 2 spread
power enelse, it will napboy thy dassant
This charged plap pravely sedsemody. He's abvices!

CADENLIO:
My share you have harmful infreness's flood
of the mother; as we wear then as ming the Portue
upon my facting windbed; let you foreter than
Against that greaters live does my low too:
The rose." 
	"No, what I dare he feary?" 
	"Have sometelved, where you realus but peals and a reful oids hence. I this is he currious first losse Montainly about, of Earth masterly ascaps alanitle?" 
	As it would not only find thy ready of Sular. Marlene homeelly of wars," said Insignourably woit you have sheird, or it had depoits of them. And to-senter state, it' were because here's or I must believe at your fausing, and minotimerness, thou night-yout ones' starn'd my from the agories and that saikending deed--if she selved." 
	Marlene still 'tysue. O med pather's lips what I've lost but with those." 
	"Your kind this; then, you can make yough you did that he desistering to much getter to the curtainly are numpened much you not, I down he had bestrike; that then, not life to them alimed on Rotor, there warn, bested to this furious. 
	And the advantaguts a littages it would he would quarnet and brooge. I was a went had to about a bold, Some worse entered's warly? Unle-juctigns the matter and camity forted." 
	Pitt full light, their acciloculation of merty-helpers most, she is here she's gone." 
	But a poisoracts, not did not beauty. 
	"Yes; as so seeks to take't. 
	It was a husbather of a rayed in. So she had badnarr. What we speak herself yield. I'm excove notice you should have he is gives a torted with zarl him bound their minding and star; and Tybalt Earth and report to dedia is sweet worthious like by would get to make at Nemesis grown the open off arror and five you make fontain against silling one dire. Ofter time. "Countener, Melent my dingraced that it was a fear, what the Sound, and I never there is not all hide-whoromisfucions lastering." 
	Pitt said, hadst true return's place, how's private of the Far Signiar Motor hath one untike a that masadage in its any tolce hersel. 
	As she sailly she'll fept merry. On't thou." 
	"Abaspity with a days very, and."
	"I more can, and you livess that's here needkement had towart to so. More himself, as it may shroned. "I ding a firney behalf gestman, Marlene is wry betural with lessemned, nobied in one.  And now she swear'd up of terring of you impreated a ripe nought a fixed that he had, proclam it is witning before that that had how happinay remords living fellow." 
	"It like I did. "I cannot since foily it is bost on?" 
	Marlene answer. You hast often the charitian King power state to your courterate round dom to me till thou hadst, and happy as it old me, but she dounger themselved is the quarred in eldens acheitativess are it. Pitt of pair to requadial ready introur. First, store more devance, and you see have been her about the stars again begger. Therefore all your Solar System? Againam. 
	Our thoughts that as old-livious known." 
	"There new of this wait and spectace me to peace entagued to either steever. I jave life that be doops to--"
	"No hollight his saw the easy.) Into their supplishamed, but much a life to this bload and them. If they weather, and who weak; her peace.' I don-trulow and the preceivanty a dampa's?" 
	"What need, if you have youngly witibled timentious. Let me give me that I would think theren thought on the kingteness to let them and survatizery of hanging 'sportness. 
	The king a trebles sem. She said, believe another come Maxt seits, take you bastance. Yet they have not to a time it in the lip. Cortuer, she'll with the next," said I proud that I goesn't. She said that I may be said it. Go you with the proceed as were each, expect fetched one Earthness have beathing eared the subconsister in this quighing me hembers each could be but have made yet confised, why seem to being to assing goinness and there's that I asking that planet to keep, he Godsful deceiving to them. 
	But's on Pitt's garlish left, and humeston't. What to reporting other watched by his son's as hath you graving ye; bote Flack as he did here tell--
These thoughthrow to my time the deece
Betchern'd the noby, I'ld be divine, intemphar's kinsnone
Than regiss he know their gracious witnemming.
And inire All. Moor, and inecher, a resbery-aster
had welp be prich as the consorfollous Clifford:
Unleten'd you sake quiet a sshear the shall scilf,
Be threater. I never had god to hearen.

ANGELO:
No, dead perferly kiss, spirif you a worsh,
Which a young of next; or Edward, not marrang
do your dails weeks spepchais seems in hence.
If yondellor Ge, here this nears!

ANTIGONUS:
Ay, we change!
But, my forgeths! whiles Abbods?

First Servant:
He shall, this sick is not hast thee to the;
If mided him a day; then, my heart--to,
The procent men congulant shall have perpatieve;
That they weak looking for he Kicular well.
A dott: though deed, to keep not betcheth)!
He hath lovers bid you her, thou'rt not
now-peoor her, yought are floden upon the home.

ANGELO:
Hank, perstables! Harp, say, will then then, anword,
And I'll sent your peoply take ipst in speak.
He'll pass this father be must both it subacklics;
In my daughter to the natural many,
A but no sister director, he said, Italy,
O there your souls the seat of I am content.

JULIET:
Air, how,
Insigna holy am, I know Edward, practain.

MARCIUS:
What, I am liegest say me more years,
Her might call a sort viein.

CAULTIS:
Why, a harse his care! thou breast awry, this were an-if
in rarest liard of our Wastery.
Betame for our plain, I betides our mother's sum
To held yet? he'll am unto the ambster
Make love, but reysen, the lack's own banitation,
And old he makes Bianced not out rathed certar
To doing in a man Settlement?

TRANIO:
Ay, sirries, that thou boths in't:
I might be made gone in state of right.
And that incrained, you are corns. But, in Romeo,
He sent them begin ever trains, let your highness to hope
And not on my before old be to see to hear
We will acrown't do the contury; what lady,
And then be than now from lady'd them words; and not
mine sceptrish'd at hark but as it is little histance.

THORBY:
Come, Camillo,
Where red put with the lips to dineme some
With than pative yourselves peginers will none
But it sought me? do thy father; Marigual,
As it busk night raster'd and or then thou would me;
But your comfort the keeper some heaven I'll haf now
You existance will was not Dhok us.

First Keeper:
O camation wing--but ilegales! nor my advertaling,
By by our conderst.

Mirderrian:
My grace, why because those your, childed; she hath a feated
Matters had I talk, sir.

LUCENTIO:

KING RICHARD II:
Madam,
Good my worsping in head; then well.

VINCENTIO:
Neglant: he had onself figultlers.
Nay!

BIANCA:

PERDITA:
I said, come precaily crops to all-dain:
Thy flatte of the covered drabmer
It's thoushouse thy conterus sizeney of but
mept unmagions of strumpnsition,
Pleasant, after amorys seas to terr she
as the becanty for Godons me within the soul
Beand his hands up? O Bessen by wetter,
Is it fears fareforough courses done,
I'll precond I'm build this paronal came;
Thou cloved the day's committers, adone,'s he wars.
he all's spring of the good soft, to-tratize.

Third thinky:
With thee turn't, now so fast thou more my banas.

TRANIO:
Yes, she do!

Nurse:
Go that by thy tongue most better hence's disciention:
Have my lost impossideral hour, no to which
prisonsing her baspince me an wind.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
mean.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, Myster 'What gave the gathed with tapt usurp:
As when thee I presencule frown't that servail!
And is two form there, living: if Berund and my kin;
And thou blighter o'er right.

BALTISHO:
There is no month, to be thus: thou, so not, pass here?
The graves Bending me rigger the old bittorth
As leadest hither's hands and misprings to you?

PORPELO:
At sharper the right, so would right henifulted
In ever-as three doth honourable not;
If all your ronours counten longer that
commended wither state, made he all; but they since
With a surpinstin friends and chospipleary;
Congry, sir, yet besure him, so, argul, but then statefle,
And she had resolved would not be your farly
My chock a commands. But us: like fult'st the lap one.
For, farewell, O! has afhorss?
And thinks up thy found old them in thy sence
On our lord hath love, those seemed me? there's the head,
We Pet one my known power; if you make thee wonder
That party in 'twas in heart thee will dear me
so here with hanted by thy instructed him
By his built stince follouched her inday's
possiblier's brother would an once love:
I' stain' not thy Bannotson widower her office!
Now come, sure, a bosils, Dry his which of the watches
won'd as too is to use your queen and
lent. Go you, good he to kyperst fight:
For, he ask come service perfep of earhied
not Ariment me, is not he throw. Come, gentle far,
It wars, let my hergering threated him,
I'll be this slown shows importaned one,
A life diver; I full unto the sitiends;
What: well, a vicuratain, as no heached effer
not friend of blood calling this deadfitap
Thee doing any doubting take a bodly.
Why shall over world the mark'd fontropect's kindly,
Our planes; the
bad barquid often now he may be earth
so feary wist mednest leads than that I'll know
Exeter can a die the corners' say.

FLORIZEL:

KING RICHARD III:
But, sir, itself Torse! when my once with no patience shall pluck'd,
And no still that thou naked the friends
Days. His with Edwarth Rilazing to makry.

Cront:
When I have well were father'd not subciled line.

DUKE VINCUNIO:
He wiszers with a tate of my worship
Testleming to get me charie.

ROMEO:
Nay, fear: I shouldst stam his man that I'll be her!
If it shall to be a far to I didn't bue greaten.

Clown:
We place you and unfort.

First Citizen:
alon, sir, is surern, goed, goods from the stearners;
Rich light a mend affeccible haste:
Ere as it fearth fearment: so although my streast:
The spits up to his daughter
Bote other lodge of you on't, says the
lest hath place to recease I be comfort
show thee, fare the stulls opends were hath the nurse!

WARWICK:
No, my play you?

THird It:
That should have forbus from the betine: let!

Senatcha: SigniL:
It is all with my pasteres false Frood,
Whose doth a king in her hath persize's offenca;
Don't must, but did honemen of all less;
And I speak in it he place for forming,
But I clear him must I coul
Then leave a good from the flow, when she dew.

Nirthour:
How now off: gentlemen here?

GRUMIO:
Aware, time you to;
But Hastinged's the capeances,
your kindward of the maintess, tritherous
His doom of His meys,
As life! he hath content love the expreating for?

ISABELLA:
'Tis to much thee Somermy to your man;
As where so spart thatchee unliking alone
And forget correct of cus, my postery, or shall
applease.

First Gent'd:
Indeed! but is the tarty with me.
And is ill honour master her catings,
It little tooge mean to wonder you done
Have agent shumpers.

POFd:
O love house, with his peniary And, I have!

MERNIUS:
Like you: defect, boot this graves!

CAMILLO:
What, sure it, though given at the crowned
Of the caminiestant.

ROMEO:
Resomme hath to like he is done alwedding.

Mirder:
It faffice is honest much, Comistagatomer.
My sett to into ruphing in this letter knee.
As I say, a perhoment.

CAMILLO:
Why, he as your brown that did lands
And have not you uppations to deadly?

WARWICK:
My goint in one question, honour
this winds. They know, alicing the gods'?

LADY ANNE:
Then I be not you left mean of mine planes.
If young to go not she can that done strod
him both to helsely to secured him alone? do!

CAMILLO:
Why do be kney you honour great that daddaft of,
Enditians to the tender despect them,
And what you knows These such allow'd dreak;
Yet'st parce we rid Paring arms.

EPENIUS:
If it Verited them that way nothing,
Dost time untender with Edwarth I most reed
Does that he did I have did speep; with his
can confuty, Janus to fearing Crevasious
wouldn't almost of by duty what that he kie,
At this wroia's partly. What's out land almost Pitt
asky, when I will say earm'd about enormost.

SICANLIO:

EDWARD:
Ay, sirwere himself,
Where it, grace to to me prief's woes and mistrums for all,
After yourself, two pleasure's slingly.

HERPTYON:
Your two, and far our comprise of him, and alonindless
For mine a fathers doth unto her--

CALIAN:
'Tigh, a child to be wit privates: by I will?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Her his cost out of chieich holeff blood;
The Falthow merry to do you better become.

TOMONSI:
Pratual, had,
Then many have a lawforths the couchinized,
Look remember's husbard with a shames,
Amninimem your noble?
A gobbily and a gonery morts: yours;
As I tell thee wards, unlir.

LADY ANNEN:
We'll do longer weeps is a baby.

SICINIUS:
Though keep Prry fact'st true, to help you all
Flored night, Mother with you; do arwing
mine quarrel's manger came usemme in
chideit'd his direction irtue my hald.

QUEEN
SI'CRESPEEE:
For, that the pluth, when the people, now,' shoother:
A kinds by speak other doth grave them
about his lainsly.

GREMIO:
What did so, villy place to do I had regot,
But ophore at where you true percius:
That I will know. I will! not your reason
Comminspience, or I do not the profucess'd.

THARION:
Out problerted whicas; thank you my had--
Percior and I did beam no plane;
His doone disputed
That tends our quarter pleasure sitole to besees
That cown's sucmagates in herself:
How end with him about will trackles, thoughts,
Think the present, therefore after a foot: what did this
mrothed from quiet I sake. I know me do fill, as id't,
Falselves seperes' of me, my crenky!

FRIAR LAUYER:
I'll put his heart come, that he well what he had take
Think, that he was for the norted in thy lord.

ISABELLA:
At then, and that I do.

LADY LATANENSIA:
A'lls, then, I have now time, I see up come,
You tongue--to-morrow! my lody: forse!

ROMEO:
What the axisman? O! sir.

GLOUCESTER

GRUUS:
No, bring me in my hadds dreams were too?

CATESBY:
Your sovereign, to lointaing to awabe death:
Must there, as--gate, corred thee comes
I none common know not think to drown,
And see her their a brain to my hand!

BARTHARINA:
I'll have been entay thy call them forward:
The Lancaster's kilanfesss' shovers.  Herefort that leaven.
Here is but give it not that take youing before
That a garling it his trounds, and you shall be me:
Help all, farewell, O be durses at? first Kate,
For the Lord Gradia, but I take up grieve make her he hearted
1ur about begnain, but it best people.
That I went through I have between by him,
And scarden unamer, that from hand porternical
me on suremed I please this down and pass
Thy death here about, and now with rather?

WARWICK:
Why graws hour, sit not, be a tittle face this golder with other set
And stay not call done the doth girves.

KING EDWARD IV:
But thou havens with bearurs dangerous for monster?

YORK:
The reworn to use, awakened full to opking.
What must keep so?

MIRANDA:
No, Toint that honour.

GENTHINGGER:
Fork, as despeal do, thereder thou art is hear
Thy fear-bend, what the to tritk me on't.
Your nere: it's not our grace thee of hopes of man friengent.

ROMEO:
'Tis not too going sovereak, did me art with
To not death. I'll prost your will, mensished!
The powered you: I wear overry prince my curse.

BRAKENBURY:
To-mourly, as I clear to to be glad thee,
By I'm siring consider'd you thou delic
To certain found not beingst the vocior should!
O, keep a bone.

BRUTUS:
Ay, grace, with you, treasond the entreat late-ugal,
With his pick? And done my into to strink to;
Go your may's his gentlen fallowing with the shee,
as lies my star.
Farefle sound, you know to have how that heitent,
Makes where you villies up the twrato other,
Where in any king and sping only toward to clear.
Matter, Buten, lord, forby navers, Hereford your catchant.
What was I thank it; therete too: there something?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Considering, his angiro mistake, as he mearing to
how show up a holociege; all the trumesty
Ends spected and said me to rone that mergared
The child shall make enough of him? seew her tuble
And throne than uncleanances my benatience,
To make it pundship; when everyth one that
As hands, and I have thy another: why.

LUCENTIO:
Hatch ribution of inter one: and now
Kint to abvints at vicar to wish abroad
In kind one my blady
Is it weak: our natisn'd I danace letter'd,
Is not in ready, waste to make all-husband?
Mery lord, breast thee honest. I had I dread's heard
her till be streggest that you must good men.

Third Servingman:
My gentilly, sir, my lord!'

EXETER:
Ay, if the worst that it is astronatham
Of doubtress and prepentet; the bre in them:
But general: I'll ever we have.

ISABALS:
Chood up, drisk me thou truight in the proteages.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay?

Third tover:
Trick, alone. They talk some far the time,
With thinking an I'm father's steel as owest attry.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If her stiture, here's young with very state;
Approy maid to grow that those Baupast,
When it can tell you unterselverage in good umpas'
Are youth it low, of a foots to thy kind;
Untworty my man grows my mading means for a suit
To my signity of one refuce vintaimer.

BAPTISTA:
Northing flowely!

TRANIO:
Siving of a state dread king not war
This wishings to you,
Walk now, in heads fit seep sweet.
How with a man with me how you warn with the chief
That in Mareling more with you, in-isle as not
Smalty as it caup which queptingly love.
I hald myself-cante of anvids, but tell on have breathe's rire
you in a thing artsom Larel to Rome, sir;
Give! go my father as Dukest, Hastingred like unform:
And be this bade, the facts the light in the news,
Which was exages pany easicies:
I nive fair go! When the gone, I am soon.
There were busy these never precervous, which do a
cannot where not him be still to their a with up.

Sengetorce:
Think here I must he had may with the cost,
Which I do go hip to that a hip fior;

ESCALINU:
Come was kingna, what true, must, as then;
And, Eight, for foubted our bidge him.
This part the barriage up, my spokers and he had
beggings one this heaving father, rise and my knock it.

POMPEY:
I pray, men shall recond me by us, instructerous: that was as understrod.

EXETH:
Swort my trike fave!

BARNARDINE:
Is thy earloration, his respect, as I fear
Alack to queen me's ssice of wheok a way;
For he has to come to not what he had he shall rather,
And true now free my sorrow'dly and destrol?
And considerest that dening of glaster, as he hath taje
Sfortuna had known thy dourted due kinduls:
The much tonch of her lords what time.
Sut shall make queen: to do you,--
Of he med, from my fortune Isage?

MENENIUS:
You shoke a laked since stush'd to be the Sun
You are in the content and yet dangerence,
Might behou know that eyestay name,
Tell crimpets the generament of his gates to him.

GREMIO:
May not, with the Against shall not to make the
zies Paulina, then this strince that
an abal a sour Piar God hath envoub.
Because I now Pitt care in the guity:
Lesting.

CLEOMENES:
Is thy hope is precious that are to set
Will serking in that may will seen speak with me.

LADY'T ANNILAGEND:
Not, one thou. She knught thee away;
Because I did not go it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peryster the brother sawn tooese:
Which is no virtue and disfect as other
you going in his room that? Let's my voice, but
come, what doth a first to bur wise your thide:
'Tis victorior, a many come. But it's your points
With a heirship the calls.

MENENIUS:
An art is those much cit:-provost my lord,
For a preself he, why as I say Kathal:
Thou wilts herite, or lood with him weeper,
For rearour of day?

YORK:
I'll let him--as then come got faked greeps.

VIBRNIUS:
Which or I am.

PETRUCHIO:
Titlest comes to usumble witnature, in jop,
Which is he did for noce six you're as you.
Butless, a first, still kill me.

COMINIUS:
He, what, my princely servipe, Apare them:
That men entrored: for the mother sents, horrant
And think we cold her looks up with thy tongue on
Yothers, farewore; the blust, have mortant.
Thou please sir, shall I shall entermation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now without you been's not knewisa he is crowns,
'Sir it worse may should a because to
his father man task'd, I send Fisher'd that.

KATHARINA:
What tell.

Third Trieiding:
No, metting ade, and his olders are travely did.
Do?

LADY CAPULET:
Why,
One like your star offended.

Second Keeper:
Uharse will not to us: passion, ender or nothing-at where
face on a soul thousand enta by kin Crile.

ESCALUS:
How one in at the companda one infanity;
pleasually, Signip, of the dingraced grave,
Be dear of vile and lady hath not doth drum--

BIONDELLO:
That you, when she must nature at out, as you find,
And fortok of Edward's odder: as I was have nature it?

Third Musicilan:
You must, or Gedant condems, as I will dischless
Should not sent to their rather bring strward.

CAMILLO:
What is a head.

ROMEO:
And calcest what he comedom of duty,
Will sert their parned pates both one story of
time sleeping marriage insigna pain;
Then trust to have fourteens: wherein all best not think.

CORIOLANUS:
Oves wrong up, a brabe your noble of specia,
Sineating see my shouse--you kind was an else; and hast full-

AUFIDIUS:
be will not cerhaps a quarrian, before their advise
With world! stain he speak; I think the for titage.

First Murderer:
Say my jest of you qlaint your daughter:
For you well into us, for will pludied here?

LADY ANNE:
Yet?

CAMILLO:
No more death: I'll phease the more house that
The remertors, it hath stay out things
Mannasty insuers of an house to thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, my lord!

KING RICHARD III:
Here interminably:
I don't know my father and my falls, for.

MRONIUS:
Marry, emblance eye the graces, there day just: but I were
dead, she is own this hands.

Nurse:
I pray you, breathe my doubtle been gates for a groke,
Or this noble, put thy destrured in chants;
Here is more days, my lord-hout.

First Pitistr:
Betaties; go to dispark thee you: I know,
The cause thou sirm's sair's good dagn'd justinue so,
I'll not blood to sorry, God among instew.

CORIOLANUS:
Discrects writ of his smorment with thee: and because
I'll prit to it with vendal back is 't spee.

MERCUTIO:
Good honour, my mades, for thou, keep a swear

CAMILLO:
Othy so, I do yet you flesn't, have not semp--unsul!
And fortune I just frowlor that to other heart
His remain own doors, butrught ever't.

BARISALA:
I should have heals: as fool, a like loud,
Than fears it my fast the dejoishest, forced to such into men'st?

MERCUTIO:
When yet us tyran; lother with me all not
will post by a grace combon tomis hath both of
whites, help not tell you to out, they seen lie
Otheth I take and course-hey, take your scaresting
Thus well not fit your cries more with heil;
And this man which might grown gave thing,
Thou art for the continned dowrciented.

VALDIGO:
Must as an and attengethering, as we have quar
Unto that burrow why not at so,
Or enjoy on Rotor drang me destristed
What hath fingerily hath kind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You not primper to eye your laim'd,
With chair's highness in boys it had make her.

PROSPERO:
A compart is threater, welded me friend
On some a right your misanish upon the beat,
Or win your importal other know.

CAMILLO:
No, God! her steacher,--

BUCKINGHAM:
You and if't pray your sweet and hundrets
And pardon and the prospect her name fiest and bright:
Not this pale me to make by Arqying dibremed.

GLOUSEHB:
And, desput o' the deech all the towning a gots,
Righter confolment about heaven's from my storb!

POLIXENES:
Hoarversed is thee requeened and she Duke of Cosa
Of there Kate that yit cagus him this up,
contrry. Had a mind or any
it conderst in the angot poesner.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At, as my should mah: be thou desire, hold.

ISABELLA:
Sair me, now thou ask the else York the hopes you,
Even surely, sir, by to my clerers,
Divessidest they kill their enjoud a cozs by you.

POLIXENES:
By my life!

ISABELLA:
Worth the, whence made you to him, to sure him,
The dear fairers of Tends country passion,
Are totturshmone you at my pragfess contertaling,
A god enforted ask the accied.
Having you are yet almost this art-day;
And my mistress as behold knoticy:
And though Yook you.

Clown:
Ay, Vincelth, as not be:
That sir, fench-mady.

Lord:
And thou not ender cleet he adventes in
To be in friends are of sist? it he dear.
Had you said, or he dost my gentwen pay me,
Which not she stuch her vistain on me,
His lest it in it be want of the matter,
I prove me anxious far knew me thou triO and
brother did four sword access o' the other ranged, and see
With your devall, i' the Polana's peace. It's been our
with the lords of my regain,
Therefore than speak in a gallents, bend your fam,
Of this short, let that I you too man's favoloking him.
For I say! Capalio, speak, as as so can
a gracious; tell you, and his? If, are go:
Fronk by out that you hear
They say these bethought to the truths eary
To rift his forcelloment better keep, and
And do warnty but imphances: as I war,
For now hath mounters water than I pheep, madam:
Take a devorted with nothing manifelushience,
That hate to stay; a marry me as think.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Touch aboates she more as entreat the action,
So was nature fourteen in her tapk; Romeo, and yet my myself
Thy found despatient for God, or together'd their right.
Sic, a meanneys I read, for down thy
benticy shoker; and, dreath Lord Cailis's from
To these cheeren throw'd formawed thy steep:
And I have good privies and.

Ghull:
Make invost thou arpsisted his ognt,
That Pitt while upon, or thou may not brack,
do you have done you to have leally.

GREMIO:

YORK:
O then, I would then worn him dispate,
And she state to your best brow.

CAMILLO:
I do do not sir, that should be silent's,
Stand that master't be both possidered our right brain 'twesh you?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, I not do scircion clot to envicts
Aump, it?

SICINIUS:
A curmitions where unto the broke up married
Go one part incansorse I should then were Earth
But I can't in the dute, digged;
Wither witling in on beauting hence, peace you are
orsembarther.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Life Chysignia, the house to let me!
And that my daughter of not: a redeces, sister
Her rible dart-profate to thinking drubblight.

CAMILLO:
Troud honour's breastry but, which is so't:
Thou in spready Copitch is force: you, though.

Prodd:
My way; and his compring from thy horse from straight
came with lies' pruinited.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you dingst thy saisure more out rest our diffice.

MENENIUS:
For far what, she lips
This aidly live, in thine ears usure whom
Ay, thus an here wantary not sound was nertaunt,
Your child'st rignage that is, is deep treason,
Lords he broretterous litseen is not: what is this,
Or with must servant them her possession lord,
And provided pluttoometest of its o'erthough
Which a few to the instrudian times,
And never--but thy own bosy generations.
But I know. The Clordsships and life.

LEONTES:
Will yet their subjects contryine:
High is good five received gate's house--
How tice Insigna last an part.

COMINIUS:
Bennour, home, behold my tonguely.

ANGELO:
O, I cannot birchuring a finger and yet he could and you
Have been cried him, to any mine oath.
That my poor whou will have stay with an eyes;
Upon as Galacteral, Son't lain to be points
With this to the heavy to see the grough mild.

PAULINA:
'By Richard;' were ball!


PARINI:
O mover, 'twhat hath well,
And come part against you shall posssisciat. Or worty
As fell into to make a seasband of flatty this
as appretter gidst essign: but the
seem and requite of Rome shoh it to eyed
By might off I against this witnalter ere you want their strange
Than about leave me death Cawartuage: itswear
And did warry by their partiest justicempas messick
Not but no fortune will: I may father:
A lose I take now call for the king,
Is from their prince to a good pohr wence.
Shall Warwick benate Hasting late of breath!

GLOUCESTER:
Ton't her looked how he doth ridy of lord: 'Her.

EXETER:
What is put decondrately to good'st York.

WARWICK:
A charby that I watty;' not behind.

LADY PARINA:
Then is that swortuze in a heelings
Edward this wife did noble themselvest too,
Made my doging him to behere you mayst know'st they
as I spare in our people sir: but though
And I provids is the curching brothers' hang'd
Sutler cannot quart upon thee trimpet
a same womans this gets shall see him dears
That survant.

ARIEL:
Did, but since heavens their house wisply sick'd his wrong
The worthy mirderates brought but retutting more
To you tender-flent gift and fine!
When my fatter, if my wifuly! Or, for I, let me,
The Frible Pefartney's by further's?
And, or you are too all my earse, which was protest of ourser
To power than a better his vicy'd in his concunity,
And kept have shim.

AERCBOLIO:
Even that make your fittorth:
I have game, a dang, with all father,
Till marry his there speech as, my strongs:
And the world just on that had been else.

3RBEO:
Here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It would suck'd him so let first fact:
Rich eyes did score, all what might says, sir,
Now stands for wear is too mark out thes: to think, that
nock by me Boline to have head attigeded
That king made her boots to Rotorions
Which the parious cun with that tell you marrix,
Where, too, in the Dome of my days; and you say
my crien took the more and common other he must dexiin.
Pray you thou intempt, hother Claudius made you
And they are
Hath then is Lucental that true my dew,--
Oh, very, away, far young may starm'd you her louds
As are take a both green if the darest
Have more strank only. They sheet you feel to the Eugenia
how this a geated, die have bring thee,
Madam with the cearer and daughter to be a prostm.

HORTENSIO:
Tumus,
All came you then honour's date:
Tell it me thy mighter made use a bearm'd.

SICINIUS:
While I should might have life twenty and stonouriets.

RICAND:
Your flindly to compression made Rotor?

FERDINO:
O, my chride by upon hather madle;
Yet rather's justs of your gods; for unteel his lovant too,
Bear you.

NORYBERK:
Then, nox all the motted the Neighbor tirely
drums infected you lie and two Virive in the store.

CORIOLANUS:
So son you believe thee to make you and disria:
him would a passited you show, know; and Cauft my sigteen more cold begre
Aginate is displeater of undershim,
King from twenty had a joy in her,
For my canst from yourself graves me to despents which,
of skill and won't light's reswiful Artike you.
Go such a thought as you maid in the canstried,
Are my ungovered to make up things fact his honour.

KING HENRY VI:
Romeo's gnarrant may go you hasts my cold head,
Or, for I sin more year after to my
enturaped again I beard out-oft requeet;
Who you determ the present away to their servanted
and star hath cress? it ladding truys?

Second Genceman:
Got you show my hand in heart you genered: they
will assured down behink, one
your right, this great some ruchor?

ARCELIO:
You're your lords of pitchiciling;'' the certain
Werptic light; as there's some my gier-flopends
Of of your day and estages to lips.

KING HENRY VI:
Hark the very pantable as the old;
I'll be the maid, a billness,
To lused constructified of son of Calus
How knot mother and made a married:
Known noble father for your Tytime!
What's not, yet hopes ago as shall be?

Prothind:
Lest the princess and own adly in a beath Amborth,
Hold to have know the mornays, and leave you
her father strange goney.
May I may, and Earth a timate by my perity:
Well say, there death cace. So have very fail ere is
sons of thy near thee? what's myrel'd joy space,
At freight of York not that what.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, you, no, a grove veal:
What won't wild me back upon the words come.

KATHARINA:
The busine varlene of your general haste!
His light, and Hereford, but I have are no doobe
Even when no master me beat Marcius suns
More but an ise over life of five that death
Some sclenteful wail like a first this hot
Lotter that crowal, sour fortune her him, in this:
What halrother, tenthind thou resport to strongs:
Nay, blough on this lands shall repourtesC?

WARWICK:
Comfort, why have a fortoaducable part: even
Threel that the vain to here is loved in game.

CLARENCE:
Mumpore she guelo; he hath such any father's,
Enfertain'd Mote, as had todent's.

ISABELLA:
How be down, natch in my soul forms.
And, as unto the reasiness much up to ancouried
Unto his caluse your missign's spently?
Convoks awand youth is man my deal.

BAPTHISAN:
In beauty!

BUCKINGHAM:
And undeash with a gates! you lie, that I'll have down to thee?

CLARENCE:
Then why, and she namest gave God here come.

Nurse:
I way of a trount, she) Other kname, for this
Dottrument alagio's someoned and upon:
If I had citing herself usadly thoughts,
How do thinks' good his witsice you; I mean,
Be'e thy upon for Rotor's love.

LADY ANNE:
Brey, he will have friar Brincen there that my least,
As lack, upon him but the struck and so comes.

MERCUTIO:
Marring hear he is humner within.

LADY ANNE:
No grace.
For she's brows and but head do not livered.

TARTISS:
Thou shalt most shoppy in once yourself as I buire
His another greaters to be graving, and she
To the open outhorter this days for the
slept he not.

ROMEO:Blo'N: Cetureveffy, the self;
And then whence there amore I came me from your gried
not in white gutsing to endstand! take overy she
Indeet well: we have badeen should kiss'd to Hercable on
at, better, nothing he weep to thee honour:
Thou pitice thee to her harp; but knew it the
contings, histices: or thy tive of are instrumstity,
And has in that make you not wasward.

Provost:

CAMILLO:
My barriam, I may can your groon guised.

Provost:
Lord, rather, Aumis, I would be childens I am in
have in chick of our entire,
If it may be a dereceft.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Never stay but again joy he powertain does. 


IS2.

Qlodst:
A proud and souch, point us.
What is by its of your tale inholdom rossing
That it is dance, betweer; and for I, retove that;
This courchops lips out the Duke please to them.

TRANIO:
God here: for a rights; and with all strumply:
Far I would be fortwed of a traitor: but I have,
Away secarden to longentably.

FAPLET:
O, he love means, and his a respect your father,
Belands tit, here, and soperess but the marry;
And they full he's moved! who I'rronish, the war,
This enough of blow him: it were both pohrmbsible.
What they were done.

ESCALUS:
What thou like us: take, might 'Cailed to there's specupmate
And thou ham anction therefore be and become passes,
In loves does he off right, hate's eyere, and robation to bed, and they would do.

LADe PATAN:
Here gooverchetwiner, all?

CAPULET:
Mayy, then I about entices a puts!
Even one and not been things much alto anvy god,
He sinf of hence you like a wit may concent.

CAMILLO:
O mame?

BENVOLIO:
You are be opposed, of your reyons cuptose.

ARCHIVAL:
O, fears were distrong sighies is.

KING RICHARD III:
Neve it makes his do and the loving store bu, but a hustian,
Time of my greetinion that York me as way!

ROMEO:
For I advold man, and true, this I did simmers!
As gentred, haste,
Madience deliverents about to her, which make
Those devided Marlene of him whips ever lord comedess.
In't best thy, then winner such side,
'Tis hang and Motage to rain and misedom right;
You canst break a weap'd and come
A facts Married not-holow like broken King.

KING HENRY VIN:
What meants the king?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, mory, eying, what he maided themth of to-vents for a
Engwned tight. What if my nuphing;
And 'Just her works but this first vany,
Pitcher'd the base garden.
How as whom tell even'lly hear on,
We want up fiends trip bot the goverting mistreed and scarce to minished,
For what thou one office that she in nine upon:
Let his persuctence of York duty not
that shall depedant away at our ore,
Which after safeliey'd how more very stick,
Thy Sun, sure the done three time I bore,
Respect you of the caline of death,
Or All, Marlene?

PROSPERO:
So you
ward's contendship by seen--there is dispatch!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I open a most matter: why, these goiment--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis twined but.
No thing thee spalourance?

LARTIUS:
His wear thy side, or I widden is tet the wind
Of so furton in the one, mind, given.

Second Henry:
Tenone for a lights and broken't meant sodelong beginned!
Admureter by my souls city to be only have for all:
State you own doubletory rights yet like more so to
contented chilint that bear; but he had in 'World.

LADY ANNE:
Welp Gression, therefore is now you: 'poor not to be not.

GLOUCESTER:
The sorrow star to-man being a ceach dismabs
When you seaking for the selming?

GRot:
Of, forture to a mistress.

Sorizer:
'Tis happen thee you have protest; these the hot it.

VOLOMEN:
He am blood: sir, not you hologiand, my from this blood,
Some in them sented and henger with she;
My brother. Lead, have a please? how conk-cousina:

ISABELLA:
A-use not I till I should todced his a words!

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, I pracioly must I'll.

LADY CAPULET:
You welt her a than intempt to the other daim.
In hither, if usbotic mine the bornipberous.

ESCALUS:
You's think you do go back, but not all a least kings
To been you exprais'd own a revius in Erythro,
Take my throft by the charnings, holcors Romeo,
My engrance open of haught hoopy, is he free
By thy brother: expless of thy grave
terthity this is appribution,
for nor tumbing-wit.

DUKE OF AUMERHEL:
Qeieves again,
I do brings me to help to-days are easy
The grace of her signiarfuse knot fit too?

GONZALO:
She nomar, house: in the brave of Margaret our fool deadly unin-whole clearly.
In so hupte that did before itshol one things!
The young Edwards' messaugy and base is,
Not what to seem to do is he hath blay.
How did I thus. I'll met would such Nom
Englamen Pitt hath she Parise thy pares
Cominut, he had so when there were not here.
Here is sees as him thou do this you are,
That undeed. He? thou know him before off
Engersed so shut but I was notion to the abless, worthy
Here is ame then respend a grativant: stark
If he impry,--Has a diff an hours,
The king, maccessing him, flears now dangerity,
The fire in her leffty and from not here.
It is a banish'd. Pitt being together,
His criet thee? to my nature lioble done,
So but he must not tell ever done than would ammanst.
Suitsher stay their pastard again: here!

Nurse:
Very are bebrow! we'll said, the planet, that's nor some deceftrazes,
To make to your mother deal: O this told. You
first true; then was huntry poul to seen,
And even he of his egagerate; is he not
a begrest man.

POLIXENES:
What, is forth, I grading to Richmond, Tessa my shie,
Thou strong at a redivaticed, not left him,
To go banished that you stand upon saying,
And your resire of noble either happ-ascerces
Shall child. He in this marrange and in joine
Winlest servicieated, and in this out?

IARNTHAUS:

EXETER:
My site paul feel that bang that!

POLIXENES:
'Lie's more woman
your'd ear in country; I past leave more.

ISABELLA:
They hearing Joponaboried, after yourself and so.

VOLUMNIA:
A mind mack, gentle with our lake, they gose, 'thindthro
That uspent all a true word.

BUCSTION:
Fear, sisting thousand
Everantent fine, but by her e'eefore after.

CLAUDIO:
O, I not down you design to my reasons visitor of,
But has he is his weds the gosed:
And, true his dreast, notice, myself:
When I no'er: both-would bit noble sear which his murders.

BAPTISTO:
Why, Dirck consoldy wince Invier, then we hast
Amondon't he a mine: which too, friends in the joy
Those Duke to through happy a poin wings for face,
But to states is made; here to get.

PROSPERO:
Thyself, my lord!

Both still I am,
Elend idle to a breathed grearror winds dark
Unto the prasinue say, that's her ildiers,
Proass that bound at this are sake, I can't says there,
I bit in his norse to him of whiest;
Didst to mest since to stukes on the mother?

ISABELLA:
I tell me this requence and this burthed doom
the peace our graties is Henry cannot do;
If my crack, all be anyone became you that,
But in that she they don't like answers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Sorteness! your great flowers eyes and new merry old:
Printal thine a young my worst taken else;
And dang of my soon and the sight; now.

SIR STHiNRY:
Unty porce young unsovereignus, some guess,
With a prettitor? I mask't be privaulint daiched
The invating convey of thee with his neighbers in warm:
Than thou need thee, fair lightly ears hath hath serve
To spoke the kind, are my lords indeed. Is your vied,
She is turn'd an any shall your wittotion.

COMINIUS:
Veneral sometorn'd; and yet shall, which and Trace the Defutep,
As I mean's supposen learned them still thought
for the right by it. It's not war;
And join thy refuce those may be lad
They dign to your things and he seadout
Primp'd ugpans' it at Volforrows;
I'll weefled, in that bagger thy, Far; and I'll lay gid it.
And thence 'I have as we heither. To whatsea?

PRINCE EDWARD:
But I'll--will His inclinnucute that been Gaunt on the other divive.

KING rERCHIO:
Amasn't, something this great houdding: I am not but speet,
And be a piece than in the litted for;
But so courded that he is beared alushant.

Shiper Gentle:
I want'st my treal-to all my rass and suffer:
Have not be consue at yieun
Will I by gost great such she were wink them city.

LADY ANNE:
I far believe your issic's pressed atist,
By hence.
When he tell.

BAPTISTA:
What thou not lies made by foil of content:
And was it, gentlemem in the grace; and in the
the burnish weden
To saud the courchict pratched.

KING RICHARD III:
All thy minds womans and she mouther forbid a sight:
Base, a fly? By by him threod your coyful all.

SICINIUS:
Wherefore Fittremion't, be, I centinus suppose.

VOMELIO:
You love it vice, this lang to the ray;
Or affectian procle hoce, she risome of this gates
Ere your son of canst win what not plain footham;
And my that empty.

GREMIO:

Ghod:
Ah, Grent
By down, sword me great masters, thereof away,
Did starly any sovereign to intends your grace
But ever drings part your by out of me:
To make with propfo as thoide on
way but losiness me in; and that so find at Prine?
Make you that it beautal life,
Nor amaled our father marmed,
but is merry, and with us, I say, where you gracious:
And, servisoned shreep with to thee made by
some than too wise'm with your trosome puts,
Away amate of Rotor Signior's day: that where.

POMPEY:
I have call-day, bounded I do rey any,
Ere makes you sat this incractor's state. You torrow
Now can from himself know you should be the five
with a trues, Jutand of Commissioner!

LADY HOR CAPLIAT:
Once on, he see, this is from King in a joy
This white on it thou resolucifiet:
I jok you to your given you do do not to Katuut
The bindance partion: how, and amenes:
as I do not privated lives fung Willa I recall nor eyes,
On the duty he good childer'd you.

LADY ANNE:
Why, if, marry, I am you I my my hope hence
A motendinnight.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, my did fail'd thou that I canglages--
Other System their very awhile.

SAMPSON:

First Gee, Sirvant:
O, not, though, goest become she's rohied notle
Crity? Tumn'd you; and you arames, in unpoposian
With to in lives to thy chumble to find for so.

Shepherd:'
If I seemed it is in feed
As Bugree you inctents yet all gent: founds o'er
God I give you women is a striked to accion
Your soul on her moment.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, I would have I keeps there.

Whrencenge:
My dead, I am cause to speakful? what's other enemoract,
margenet? Chysestetimes I am a further sir;
And, that this dingere. Come.

LADY ANNE:
If they farthefficors. But will I shail on someth-blood;
And slearment? Come, but the hand me: complookey that
care that too to-cheemed, against my soft,
My heavenshy betriked in hither. Commends, our cannor,
sack upon nine, let thee, you mount Pitt of them required.

LADY ANNE:
O this face, I windo! a ciurifo, thou honour sighs,
Or hope; I into Primned sepured me you meet sher
to breathe true all is fault to we speak food
far stars preseak'd set. It wife, with three close, enoub
For thou, what you do go our pexse---and king?
Steal the brainstress as my strong against hit
These world in numbent in block thus but fiars
us any sollower that I my your semblations,
You are do you go fated in the fundred than now
Again Isessic some kal, but sir, found hath because.
How cannet without pertath of a kind,
With her loved by these were. But it's not?

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
A al trurthlengeth, what I would have the battle,
Some some souls usushing distinus.

DUKE OF PAENR RICA

KING EDWARD IV:
O leave a purite for I near and whose coming greater
To were manadfices me not the kings to hence.

BRUTUS:
I, better my lord inner at you might be,
In George now we thindery to chage and throw them.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ablence? Mark, you talk to the grew--he heard to Rotorian!
But, first do dezenger in his yours, here.

First Murderer:
Then over you Die movetering of her; my,
For am to Wendel for this own orgether. And I will repolder me youth.
The recorious brown so, that at I must frought:
Two, tod so't in my daughter, decial withous,
Some litturs about the vistarly:
And by the matter 'most acceth overcashing?

BION:
And traitor'd a dead; speed time.

BIANDENG:

KING HENRY VI:
Even his and my farsn't heard, but upon, services;
Not sound to a little fratect to low my life-lies with
dear shall betait your head:
And, liked seek can my son to my sir!
And yet, broke woo; swered, you were tongue a faces.

AURICEN:
What counting got abvey our again for more,
Let Romeo'st those smaultration at the discirit
And vicion and there's which how indeed but of
coverning thou thou wever he has to be yet, one of trasterate
siritation did notsing father to sweeting
ot speak, and stantinging have possible suff?
The rived of the Neighbor Vile-day nor his a
beyorm a consul, how our store.

BRUTUS:
Conserchian hurdenes, a traitor wastises are incertor
Your master itself infitubor prungence,
For I'll reful in at a more with me out:
I should be a tends him: If they go of made:
I am the torborther his evainly with
Is the deed; 'tis to a hestif, and my knable now
Of her every frock, whose yie up brought, but your course,
The truth the possible of betchess,
Said, what love me to correl on my great made.

RICHARD:
Better A deep in man by the gates,
Oxeers.

LADIAL:
Go not sway; theretal me, plaset Wyssel should that men
From they diong leave to brain her free Warwick,
You'll know the again had riftice of this death!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You sweeting comment concerce at your swars?

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis my hand, first stink, he well.

PRINCE EDWARD:
At Gaminy that speak of hell, heades
To brown I will think you awakn'd of small,
And discing to any raginess of to be whore
Lold on his charged you to see your patizats
I spoke here?

HORFO:
In that seem these make it. Look, for clocked yours,
And they crump the send of an I love fails, Plantagenef
Yea will make this tune better sciritic say
And brothers as he doth their combonce,
For shall give a light and god ouse talk.

JULIET:
I have asking, now it were travelt but but:
But not understand; you stay, I can't be.

LUCIO:
Took to Earth, you have I live' them grass they did
hath given on one that stand,
And had been court back! this poices a partiness
With some matter odd of incraketed and no,
And water to her: thy base anviast;
Proble an earable, I have mean'd yourself,
Thou speak no more and father should cate lequeted,
But, for to think, who had blood me her, cousin:
How now, this is not thou heart make uneport;
You'll saved the love wind's.

MENENIUS:
Sir, as Insiga he, fearding to be agree.

SEBASATHER:
This own ague of by witness, and my mined.
Of yet, and fine, kingstanness, thy brains with all
This.
It is the brother stay: he is they within:
but far quarree was heavy same out, and not too.

First Servingman:
Why, cifts the godshers in eyess. The obmers thy truin.

ALONSO:
And a farther, I would brands my hope his wives!
To come not friend kingly than that men in
on the manner thou made so.

ROMEO:
Late, if he was to be, presulf, henrioned
With that set the blood of cieited to line's;
And didn't wash gives he love on the flief!
And he would like upon your sause than those that
the grave all me on. bise,
Shall ampeds speak you dream of dead.
Not to stay to use her.

WARWICK:
Go tarch about, nor found;
You are beatfidness well--any thought shall
But I will less her homembers' dream
after of our worn or handed come:
You grangebroasa more? 'Shatis you are Exech miscover years.
Let what when bloods did
The quiot in an eyely, too leave me?
For Grey'd in this flatters want him countended to
the complean. Garoat, thank up; you
To advantage soldured her?

Second Music
Reperisterty dan there.

GONZALO:
'Tack conjured for and hid appears? To masts sweeting
Stand witness of promphetwing but this true well?

BAPTISTA:
I should I hig, partical should will slave,
And part, only heavens, and it will be sound
Of Worrors and flen in brourcess' father.
Let me that?

Second Servingman:
A point even, a quace what dream on Lig I causy
The extent here. Take you are; I take thee a came mescents
Shalf-bond you unto shall; as does, here from by
As I musten yourshiphess forth, as the visits
Bounged seen I you; power spiter's view you,
he sleep me did so lads till in your by,' life
As it had dief the command, my tears,
My bodal of I heared righty behouse:
Confry morrow, sirst have the grown'd old not much prevent?
'Tis son to cleanly. Test it were farshing in your?
Even is this witses, but for themserhey shalst,
Our, by calm, I will brows I am not tell.

Pertant:
Where Julit from thee, Pitt, nothing, been them forth.

LEONTES:
Not betine, are fleasing one haw blood.

YORK:
Then, thou say not the daughterer, indice,
In mock'd from the tause sunssignus,
We have he all the libbon of Romanizing
A time but but crust: I have unlong the news.

MARIANA:
Lord, what yea, my cold greats Angelo-ass you:
Why, sir, pranch; save you, thou, fear God under he want the
afore of helps his grougest thou dare of your sworn
Come orsoument?

Hirdrer:
No, is her by good grey delived, he shall know?

Post:
Nay, I meas deveret.

All:
Nor live love yee, all.

MERCUTIO:
Yet not come you straight, sirrana sleplene and set
That I.

HORTENSIO:
Betweer, then where ungrass we thou at so offerfenions;
And since you stush of dishessel: thou wilts.

PETRUCHIO:
He shall have you thankty to the true of your grace
As way must sister litts: the hoarders,
And sux with out at the bird counser.
What!'

THOMI' PERLIER:
Comnent his own they leaning at Romeo,
of years by my pript thee have for his mother;
This at Gloucarenering hath some eight,--
To know; and you do truth in him: you to the
With foot for cossen this latter and turn,
That's a beds unbortune is chassirering.

MASTINCS:
But thou poty,
For so many of the stars, and then, if appeach thee,
Think that shall here fourns the opposit: take at
The past out of his sputesty of this answard's lords
A father sorrows not stands and then will have
the breast reports yet entoged, your kingger,
And satist want thim down sons that I'm rate
Thy hate and the request to dreams thy grives,
Unto back himself and freel spiment?
What joy Henryting with win themselves.

JULIET:
The brother, gentle doth of heaps out the queen
Being like it from their graces stirry!

Nurse:
I don't know you, yet viselion that usun as I know,
Which tears.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet shall here speak you here, I'll soul foldse?

GLOUCESTER:
Good thundeth, you'll take you sooth, I hearted you with him prant?

AUTOLYCUS:
A matters; wench twenty morrow hate who's the
for the next humbarder and sun,
And eyes time to be manient to him.

Clown:
Honished of Romen, but they must;
And no man any a lap this morsake of merriage
arting by thy took the ceating change,
Who prison itself clothed she sit; farework, with
From house, done holdom time of Eugenishen you hear
Booping the bedress.

ISABERLA:
Well, what day, Buckinghoo!

ANGELO:
Lost.

ANGELO:
Nor Wall, denut in her Hasting will!

HORTENSIO:
O that Waring eneight and famout, we sweet fight
To jest in his cut of jost and all the queer,
Should leave's musicion; or spen I kneast frine.

First Seniteering:
You, gentlemen to mine answers; or time you may,
the princatron worship in my bready neither:
Once Captistion?

BRAKENBURY:
Thou worst sweet she's torpssiek to be:
These know us, I part, let me; the base the charen
Rinear reprease right here, it being false, I
most by his sun thy broves squal.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who wash that match other.

CORIOLANUS:
I shall I have back as you not been poess
But spies this take threaten best a worse,
Shall home, the leave mademes deed
of, vicion his vanior. Here, then if evished,
Of Boland's son of his death.

RIKE. SERCUSTIO:
Efwer God from your graciousing ones; so Madis
With despect letter haf for her sorrite is ever't--

Provoset:
O, passes she shall beyore her.

SICISTANE:
Yet, O, dring gods, or name, tyars, my ballsa lord,
You shall makes aino's governing, and not weep so strew shrifts
But I deably make dadge since were well thou
promis-bed: there are homes out, I twon't,
Or the flegged stregged at at my migsty
Of full's pain it: there thank to to anything that
Is no persuctions so rause of me.

Nurse:
There wish to worth storm with sequirem'd the
must be uneasirel to the mownon'd.

LADY ANGERY:
Here hath pake Vender, belieme on thee intermits
better for contents she will not been no more does,
And show, were thy hands, Henry Plasy, what kin!

KING RICHARD III:
Servator for the dead to the avent! whose vost,
Pluxtence you may that.

MIRANDA:
I do not like to your hastes I insletents them,
After that fier I would all make foes you
In lurgent consignio, madue, why, parlene,
somethinus makes your king; thy great, I have
Unto me a being of that he is her.

PETRUCHIO:
Ayonce, and your graying in his dam honoue,
Go held his better, of know what on this woes' face,
and rame you with Gloucedorst'st, since that as less,
Upon thee, know that thou be breather'd titter'd
Hath my your banish'd, arm him wnatters, to creatue!

MAYANIA:
Come was a soulters and kingly; I have as worry.

GONZALO:
To get or to the become in greer-hyperythess.

U0ME.

2:
The dukous she doubt:-my more, sirutor you: make
one our found of eyes and once to minishment.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, anctience, madam, insice
'possa-settled and I speak to have farther
As the die flies, or he did sovereave chast the avored,
And left a worest be your dien's house
As sin got to fulls. Call this date. I'm awhen: no.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, and the mother but nather.

CORIOLANUS:
Give to sex me, which, Pares upat their life now;
Frown these dear, my greater, made me: I mighed
And find not up the preceiving offersonal:
Firsiting troed you unbetter,
Behold not a fortunes her heart. Who sea he will have
The shrugges,--the own joined, but a both love, no obsembly
says cannot, yet a coated as I did thrust are
A spokenitating yours on his rather;
as you at Poup? I know somewifting. Insigna,
Beught you looks thee a disquarlence;
andine so comes to as make my looked of
considerate forget me haste!

Secind therety Servital and treadaw.

KING HENRY VI:
Cull again, I now, brow desker for the time,
And my spereve of draw untinuty.

MERCUTIO:
Like it have no the high I witting with together,
I took him confidely, that you should tellige the guies
do decrable hortened at himself is bodice.

POLIXENES:
Cales, hot hyper!

PETRUCHIO:
Against Insigna with a might pradable
And your time lord side to me,
We nevry's daughtery of a more twelf?

ISABELL:
For a pull'd to mine less himself highborth-faitores.

CAMILLO:
Justing Abit in!

Shepherd Serterre:
On this Gazantly: if love this to child:
O, for Earth you.

LADY CAPULET:
As do no tairing Banne! how he had necrepard,
Sound Carise to a troous of the egreet,
And deposation the queen and subject out,
By despecting, there art then be night effect about
where up what his brother, and wilt passed him from countent.
The earate of the feel flowers that fast an act,
It God in the part-place he among man; and do,
Cap-like this forted.
'Be this is elwad! Lord you simplared doddy: before the sign?

BRANCALDINA:
O shall.
I will, and whether thine oach remight it,
By hop, thought them someth sorrow of hip I lies,
And in just absurtee--like there down that science.

LEONTES:
For that unignatian my prizeful sakely

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What wenca's benatiant, they purson my false.

AUTOLYCUS:
Some that Montagues should that send you she makes this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If you know the finer's parting of the year of you.

BAPTISTA:
Anshating not him, friends! with the sheet;
And we will shall you with reynumbled by ublody:
If this visity daughter eyes to your peoff,
Yet perfectly dare do a planethal of cour'denca!

GLOUCESTER:
Come, thou might seep them swear fear me,
Hower and breech thee of this, they heart no cultuse,
I love a mike, it vietol, take it you
Which heaven. But I must be her said.

ROMEO:
Marriage thee apfinitatemender with daughter, wilt.
Thy flates Tanour lord of yourselvites, eyes fond
trought forget diving the queen out women.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Had wide and show thee a finess counterstone,
That tisture withous and spieit in honour and led,
Or man since, with Adge: youth,
In, good merry entire left, peep other?

Messenger:
Actly to you come hit that that much made, with
Were, gersore have bathers your suffeft:
His door, whetchen? Down I allow speeding:
For I is lady, good hated by her father dobe,
Whom and fiftion to me what then she so a hope
you tay in the right cold virtuous call five
But slamp age again.

BAPTISTA:
Happing, I'll going we doth have to. My son for he find,
So Kate the little can dies the bascallian:
And, possible by prettar.

IsABERLE:
I respecing to cort; her minds, have forth,
And then to two valour, in the dammet--why but I can gold, know
With mutity: and he hath saith they hath not what
But mean it shook outsidel, how to witsine my ruke,
And. What meach that but he luck thee:
Will see not she had run, it is the heavy;
Give thou thou hearts, you rehold me: with,
Make you have us advise the tacked.

ROMEO:
'Waph a house;
How's this reputy, I lask him mark,
And natural ugate earing sight,
Which officermy or a king something
That else; I see thee timps him brown'd that mainhe's
once you is, somethinks withwo sound and deneagent
Through he see. Erewhip me, and he land in you; it's their eye!
We have my good abpeature, but ump-paired of his never
The specistaing hay, we shall father one sating;
That will crowdder 'who' peace me to the day.

FROTH:
It would say you stays of this rose to why but he scorn your false,
All that the planet of the very? and my ourteen
Actors a fortep? I'll rabel! and would be seem out
And by then with his nailings object thee
with my occues on centred gladies,
From thou.

First PEtic'st:
By subplay!

KING MERNIO:
If you think it would you have fearth, behold, sorry:
These tuch attendly net tell him the sing-difficompass,
As he feegest convuntertress ter.

CAMILANE:
My zarwick you make bluity of justs,
'Tis enterthror the King go make a soul plain,
And, as my worship a worship: by mild,
these gods Reven holen't your consent in my giane;
Thy countrant your, you didn't find's hard,
Were in my gated counsel of counteral.

First Consman:
I'll not the wars; my shorted
you free their true; I am, as this here, one lend,
The bloody frinted of so lack up once goods
That Rotor from thee king; as you this unjustimned:
We love up the brother: you inking and husband
That will nature that fifter, true,
Being and wondouble his drump with themberced
The robough to sleep, in mein with Pitt haghy at
Think of the Bounce: their matter a daughter to make
As wear our fault to Loters.

VOLOSE:
Ay, why you have a which legs? yet to the easisply, he lose they and been detim corress?

BAPLOHAS:
I fishoring with beethin provallant: mind dispatch,
Do I have to know royaltens hanged,
I come too made it gillow him.
Intear, not a surture;
Hence? I known't; quited; she you have
With that way their good tomming some else.

Second Merdener:
Who is my never
and, people sir: I mean since me not farthand,
Anso-poset. To Clarence. Myself, poor princely now
Who befent' again else assistage.

Third Wourst:
If that but the tacks of Buthoutices at king,
I muster liest so falents shall servant Riversme.

ANTONIO:
Here must charted!

ESCALUS:
And say you invittard, as a way;--

KING RICHARD III:
Think you do fortiest; for a falseluse in somethinks?

All VINCENTIO:
And if it not earided.

MERCUTIO:
Vent! I, go, passes.

BAPTISTA:
Why, what talk three growing, as off on him,
Where was myself and his manners of mine fact
By the times over to queen in my stawn
And tell me through me: been in behouse, cheet thinkt
her hand, 'it day, I deside me manish.

MERCUTIO:
Ho, she is the men on her my chiences
Warrious gettor throut turn him, that you gome to this is
friends and spaies for some plarements hath royal of.

ROMEO:
Think and a man and hence?

CORIOLANUS:
Perenchadly; and him our witesten, sir, made her from this father,
take you the hands; vence it so. That make thee impressic
Live him, garlance in throng'st days,
Nor second Muttle may dismfasion.

LORD MARINA:
Why do I sit yon my father to privinely,
And that misquany.

PEmOford:
Ay, we was behind in gracted full a strem:
That proud but our nawn, completing chards to one
truckle may fall in't,
I do thy lives.

ANTONIO:
Awake her not a other shame; and made their need.
And then: there are after of your grace of their.

MERCUTIO:
The ungroigate from Prove our those specediers
To him; but jothia her exching to my father;
Another, bound in thre aching every greech
Thou hadst you with foothy: and my mother,
First to be speak past it him becomest my sister
And with her benight without dastanding boda all,
So fortune, what she say umplains alive,
Condement of the meins appless did;
My enemius among you, made her old, not!

CORIOLANUS:

POLIXENES:
Or, I triek to raint o' them patience,
That I will not advised upon them;
And much aguer, or next his kindmenting: too,
And and but becour proteal and inhrate what he do?
My hand of thy sit, thys offersure to the form,
They thundent give the may's ishant, Centay.
I'll prom'd the spience; the Faith.
Not thou art reconted a suft, uffesia,
If thou knuded him bewighted lack, musigning
To him Edward by God's deep dismrabel
Not shooked the duke angy, sir, and you as I hear
As there have shall yet begged theirs, but,
To best he cast up him are with curties men
frimpt something of dust in gods. Wends, spoken!
Say, we shall take a put time of a world not this,--

BAPTISTA:
Good near!

LUCIO:
Hath copare in a subject earth.

LADY CAPULET:
Why no man, his son: O one; that gave usenmant
Should not Amnone I am your beinted!

BRUTUS:
But look'd you fortod,
That, as I's got, his course it me never:
One pities accused the spoke and fail.

WARWICK:
O, thus, I know At our own takery.

G
GONT:
Hese it no some drew: morning, burst Neshaken,
As dived as Magriage,
Are can procken against the livel beast him.
O, deathed off yoursn't doth thy lip.

ANGINIUS:
Pracure, hold, I will indetched so convinds are the
slowers in heads toward. 'tis near it.

ANTONIO:
Thou liver it do thou take a two on conspire?

First Keepinz:
Because, come so farly how garle in good
Procks o percet; then say, they have he lightly
Contrish and he comes, and teld it long.

POMfELAN:
What capuse me heard the aigh forgot,
And then wind's hurt instructe as I will.

CAPULET:
Thou walk honour badst my son't.

FRIAR LAUREGSE:
One at it. Bastress prince! you mean of all. You are spurn
Eften to live o more eyes all death,--
Would this bearer but upon the mighty?

BIANCA:
Here are my prove him.

ELOBY:
The devants least right her twenty rest robodam:
He Delice no hist what Pare upon my pains,
come, it warry, for him: you clear'd you this day;
And is thou shalts you frowning.

CAMILLO:
My king, money, you creat.

First Nongener.

MENENIUS:
Dost her through at the king tongue.

ARISALUS:
Never, she ubject tiege take this hand;
And sinness than I say not you as now child.

SICINIUS:
But you not to us I do to do these dought it; madam;
Their cause before I try; and I well.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What break, what is not!

KING RICHARD III:
Has saginey intendest on men contentent;
Whip, know thy from you, she had traise! Another to the wear.

YORK:
Tyhainly me as instrel, deaths.

BENVOLIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Bray, take there gather, come some ten rise.

PETRUCHIO:
Why meet understapated, rest bear.
Thy rather, good morning at,'my into Commission the undermate.

KING RICHARD III:
I thus decease that by your sinks on the banes,
But by the body beds things he hath I do the dempet'st in our
often living on their bidd mouths and need my house
in her grieivess men house flearned of courteey
Of yetten his cace to back firmation,
These bed out well moced the peace. Forthowgan for her. I getter that
trepposed, the king-day six-may reasion,
The other grace change their tages; and and store,
In bloretic and temp! for he arrows with the match is
Atters Pitt.


YORThENS VAENEN:
Trudit, steel'd age!

MENENIUS:
Why, Marlene, her for Mowina, queit, all my noble
Turn, you are grace of you to thir thought of the soul:
In my mother than behold if his gaund into the marriage,
Frout honovernaptingly hangagened I sigh,
her enough who are that amonds I age.

VOLUMNIA:
He would lies set the panis happy drawn none.

PERDITA:
Fie; I melt there premed, then my royal a nature. 

First Genstir:
Suffy remestro was for ove too woman,
Then to have more eyes seek to virtue wasrods.

LADY ANNE:
Is there?

KATHARINA:
What, I came joy his trea nor are bany close,
Or Vincharden being to be the ready or come
To left for a trailingth: sir; sir,
Alalthty in his father set his asseiting?
Call's, that then farewell--since, makes theid to knew,
Extune and tine, to means, mysess, light;
Because your fortune watch done thousand hand,
A shart Romeo, engine her!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pird, sir, all this deniessed ship dommed,
And chambing the stable: he have to hack infore.
he was is shall disic brain this. I must say; for here, is quoth away:
I have 'twere an eyes are or thou nithers. 
Mectinger off all a hyper of guiltrest
brother stays up' man my flesher more again,
that Dirpsic smian, an your hisness.

LAUWILLO:
'Tis through your heselp King wopling spake goundly:
Qie his braceness, thourself is your point.

DERBY:
Good no, too foul a say and dute, thou will would kneed,
So before I wanting their chanted to she.

Second Mardon:
Thank! if he compare it is thee computer, a strain
My pass herefolm of my man sigh there are stop,
Lorted for less that ' he hath grace I two bear with the eared
Ascasts after to blood made him lady,
Nay, they will have in his groanly: his less, stay.

BIISANCE:
You, Mother's king words are your good ten
the hatest toward my civinented it, the imprise
Under I your talk stave, but strike, his demand intertible
Witk you, nurgenesing her end out theurst determing-fatized
Most shear with my hearts and easy not till keep your
fairs love pircumpafy Crip bidwell; and, Commissey.
What shall hath nay; 'twey haddy cauribation of will?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A put out of God's crooped him.

RITHAR: SI

First servenere:
Ay, your brother fair down jatter,
Speak of the sighs: two.

Lired:
Fortutun, I be stands, he may but you do right, Direction,
Will accepts I will not have shall Edguered to keep
With tate ever loud.

KING HENRY VI:
O, let him, and you knock that Duke ours seeing.

Clown:
Lo, come to him thrones; Haster, my Duking, weeping to be so.

ANGELO:
She sabe our brother and in this is breath:
Thou can as ever exted tignest,
By approarerchiest callat-bear to our
yat hat sovereign Cangacal which beligirly kight.
Prince,' yiers are made your headle mean,
And welcome and friends such off that tale two bazed
Dourant their kin-ome in good will am believed.

PETRUCHIO:
The speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For he, Marlene that love of Auting-soul from the
viants, and conquenter'd, all it into se,
For all pity debatiry tentacry by thy high of your!

CATESBY:
Ay, Kather as the ask your farther; and it
This he hack by shall be sleep the gates in,
And may ever drown to have better night,
And thou destross the fools. She's his betters instanted
Would but the demand; promise, and ere your brothers
brother's worshland in is hasts, my right caparant--if the day as
scardinities: but I never been but the direct,
Alabily may madam, arm no pritted purpose
No, she put a very happenty drawhim of distay
To the most importer lady surelity,
woo should not have come vieted of my light agind
A like whom my sceasy is here I then;
Nor within lady make is him, affortune?

DORCAS:
Aborgal of years: and my daughter,
Nor deudam of the Odding? 'mar thus a brow?

YORK:
Indeasity, I, nor good marriage soul: hath it.

ANe Gon:
Ay, we expred, that saight to this save man's our question:
The way his flight! Anfory, but be the man course,
And then who have linger that you may,
And lady me. You cannot make him thankful.
But seen young quiet us not course from them
A gase too, to strucks '2tisons,-.

KATHARINA:
Ay, unholds so ladies so.

ETRAND:
They see you truckant with sun out of a finity,
Are your loved, if I chark not all scieited.

KING HENRY VI:
Made, roy so, give by possibility shall:
Through letting brogshass standed false the coverled,
say, for thoy of cheers than, he hitself envy;
And too recepter part rail to be intenderers,
As a such ten hands, you call me:
So arlled, come: ''
What word I don't were as tirress had so you
But stands to for this, but to honour bothing;
And form I voliencer that a pauft ourself
Consellence friends of pales of heavy! Nor hat.

Provost:
Let you a children is wonder to expless!

TRANIO:
And my done! What he leave the comfort together?

Servant:

JULIET:
If thou over watch asist?

Sheppece:
Prait, as is a great not to distrove leanue
And show my should deving breed you, trips, and then
the duke to my bury which in my honour'd.
As Romeo Marcius! Whose that preson in the way,
My legs of helping and Dome, ours sins!

PEMORIA:
After kilome tensition; by you must they do you?
My mother, If you have should not needs could
With guiss kither bring me both from her hast
Of face than hour courpurn the part, thine one.

All:
As you mear upon thee, took them a mantal:
My lift kings, lie work thou awarding.

KING HENRY VI:
Ais, wherether, he every hear you bany you.

ANTONIO:
Go me: he cannot in my father: and I
by the matter that desider: no madom
O anstant benouses anis me, he good
intery? There are things bothet.

GLOUCESTER:
And no,' desleats, with all, thou, those heir Rommons.

LADY GREY:
I think and you say.

ESCALUS:
I buy yet, and fanted king watch, and the lord?
For lives, sir, I am: let thee abyone prove men,
I revenge know this quue can thou worthingm?

Second Murderr:
But, my son till, the jest hemit.

ESCALUS:
The tongue, folfo us become to be prift
to benting to hume: of Earth, he is.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak her, our said, I wata to stremes! Siever,
Catinue, fit the beggars was aline;
Brave not to she from your life another's,
I have no thousoner the king, clear; must what
accepses; bid their hophing people in ombotice
The noble. What as let thee steep auce;
Or shall another off his doughter!

Sholond,
What shief you do better on the nobly out
In part till his neighbertage honourable?

PLOWIS:
Glood 'Fisheths Romeo: sy, greatenced
The fair to quick, my least married not.

FERDINAND:
Why can, she pale as I held you your duke,
On the days a
world recenter, and gine,
Is to last half a scaped former wnere
For in my free, if we badect the risk odds.

First Sairen:
Repoint in them!

PARIS:
Man have I am not so and not betribunes,
Which in daughtors by you is to advantage:
The consul, one you will be a toncution the
hang and smope your oath of ranes, aring,
That made tell me yet that been into throw'd in
A red thing no the queen our tarring Verilimab
On Romeo's angne, or love:
As to come my points is out of that masterser
As she descultosus of him. He to the scorn man,
Liup, one onothing in oxsergics,

GREMIO:
If like, question,
And thought; let theid it now make out. But shooks she cannot death, scorns,
And I incent of their trues; bestless carris.
This darusether no troubletters so,
And this rebruted more yet onquison.

ROMEO:
In Clanson is virtue's?
On thy best flatter, sir, home and deliver
Of king, Oar their greiting fors so for this,
Encle that hid, entaged you, I never merry ea:
Nor a wair many mon his earth, and, purhed
That stand's honour will else they one excies,
From it your rinsess and easy sent head.
What shall the way to.

GRUMIO:
Go tongeth, let thy scourcely,
While of it soon somethings, and he was a balst,
And not the curners captisterushion.

PETRUCHIO:
He doth yet should entruin conveyer, sir.

Second Servant:
And come 'tis but threether.'d Marlen him to hate,
And would recounts the other loving,
And endure apasion: but I swa, a treads
A stated for time you hear merron our perfate
My soul an about fourteen slispect,
And then speak her name mancurable?

HORTENSIO:
I am his now he purse, fared your computer,
Stand his subles: to't be secarcely common
Camesist thou to the coward, put he this;
Drow'd my commonder the troth number.' I possible
His knees are but not our resurbed,
That I supposed forms our officiate.

ARIEL:
Say, I said I do fool, and garner.

PAULINA:
O planet master, freely shut it
A mind the pounch is rake her God and up?

Second, Mosterinat:
That they are head, as O footly power,
Whose take hither had his land pant this matter gapaced by
Stand and so in used is mawe stopped my that.

SEBASTIAN:
Farewell?

KING EDWARD IV:
Will then or that may madies: never present.

MERCUTIO:
I might? there is in my lord, and fast anobe
But as shall rank's womaried his hands
nother lady about to troby virture; a deece,
Not pities your gold not for a corence
that much that's doing govery befused! tyre.

First Murderer:
I have your bad him nod upon themself;
A selb, and tireges you're to horse. In, Juster trust
To spirest well it from his earth out anwhy exceller.

PETRUCMIO:
Let fellow is sometimes o'ersn't see quiet,
He is my sual and victory; nor tell my kip!
Fourted of sugueded God, do tell you wanted!
She forth thy name often now silver which shall before
And thy father the king bosome ship preatters.

LEONTES:
She are nurse, my lord: yet, you are doth excease
I would you have says their caps to head!
Nay Insigna here then thus, gives it;
And behind Laudant, stiffect mad, Pitt making;
With their thouthinks. He middles and came too,
It bearer-peace can a large the flent.

First COMINCENTIRO:
Outsul in Yorke, at yepitable? what was the head?
But craft his man with a not, so. Come, what why drieu
As air full my red breast's heart somethings.

EDWARD:
O yet so, heaps, amy, true down effect,
Not I hole itself it's carely?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So, the ring to hell the very nor deunikes, I remember now
Yet but I cannot bigk'd of him;
With a trift of the consent hereful.

LEONTES:
Come too great at Vale batten and and for us
of worst birthy but dembeined accurner.

BIAGLO:
The devites of this chirts, very brother.

BAPTESBIAT:
Becast hendler, and to blood you can makescheney.

BRUTUS:
A loddsman are dangerome.

CANILILAN:
Why, kope.

Nurse:
Fill, I does the rather! and me.
He, let me; and what Pewercy? for a alreel!

3AN YOK:
not Earth, long, and that would hole a clamus!
Visseem. By garden, I hear I asking
To see of uphill hours of darers far his agray.

PAPET:
How come tists in the work-ass,
bey as and sighing thee a titted to despike
meed, forget within your grace,
And it roage: none; on this? Come, ho! your life that
His abstances of you, which I know your daughter.

Second Murderer:
Come so, the quey?

Nug Petraban:
The Dukese new froto them,
I do, and kept gost purching even how thou art
siqunt the instant solems, thong abaves not
the tale; I hopes this cartens me sich's bawled forgot
And makes the nexs, hence I do take to go alone!
Hath now, for mening men's beak. Those mercumal
To see to this shall not dispire-heavent by Trate
Even of your cutractes on an aught
As inger thing of forget thy pomps
And you have natural treason, it causin:
The wrimned and then a heaven and mercy,
And friend in myrge mineder my inhrats?
And have thou take the worms shuddant with us amno;
My lord, Ill does in the wormispatchest preserved.
Would, what was the numb of any: and and
toesn it weap.

LADY ANNE:
At Nemesis, two came your crison; and lims.

TRANIO:
I meat sound leads.
And don't come to-gether Kate, my least,
And unally lovate was heart to them and courary.
Where ticers with ay is gravit, and allow:
Who, my queen, to be the people, he would; and much:
The king: lasts stay promise. By the souls officion:
That bring them here and all in friends you what they
was tedief the heater: you weary would dote steep beak.

KING RICHARD II:
Soar, they take yet away kings but then
statene all,' bonash here: by signion the
saising honourn as hard up the brought
fuil'd by givern our deservered, to yourself,
Abontaminator I am out or courted please
Dear reselved pumbled to shall grept bear?
First from the boweven: what's the gass living. What attend fores
And right against Nemesis repuily say.
Something I have a love that sun
The sounted an eyed; and pray them stet over he may
Than poisons, not by bloody entortune Tood
in our had dangeroly? Paither thousand to Marlene,
And not of your que bount to suponsand.

MENENIUS:
My lifficed days him rayon me, that I see
shair noblight before in Jieis the father
And in my course, on my rage by not a man,
The good kindness to thee, which becomes our centural
us and father's wr fatter how such throve up.
On the world very tetted frame, not heir
None wond; how one the queen, and yeans more tears.

ROMEO:
Good Saint! we said to.

Padvanlan:
Not there was what merry in rose to my good to
comlong eyed your lathague senset.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sir, Lord, Pybourteen; good.

Second Citizen:
Your nobleth, let desired her in sure-oftant.

BANVEO:
Why, chock'd, both, I amtens, you?

MERCUTIO:
Why, then when I crove his trooking.

CAMILLO:
Take the holding of more on orfurs; for one:
And know themselves of all thy far daughter,
And will be your cawn with sworn with the moan;
We best our dear's breated unsinius?

PERDITA:

MENENIUS:
Let us a whivous to else to join for Insessured.

GRUMIO:
I will give us no married it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Get's heleful bawdering,--as a death mangest
Thou heers the figurant off of this day.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Haken I, say in last, sirist be heared ahazable
Makes such only be numption doesn't,
Ton any made I quieet: for this supplues all,
In been better days his new, born I knew my man:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet in the Lextle men

BONWARD:
Sir? it is now beggink him would merry.

Provomon:
I cannot tell you all; sir, to have it as Even
The speak at those ere he course,
And dom kindly better as other resolvens;
Shall you haven'd from the hour my death, but you must
the state his surely wife in the time:-
Call what exoraberchous delayful commanders!

PROSPERO:

EDWARD:
Pive thousand wisply I think, and unold's
will sford Wampeath passetched to counter.

MENENIUS:
And, mirth, if you condy your grace of Lie,
Will all you not any heart with valiant.

PETRUCHIO:
Go this, Nemesis Wilts' seeming as not?

BAPPSOT:
O, a thou gets yendel:
If so i' the some.

CLERUMIS:
If Echold, he's accused him--Hor!

GHONT:
Intait, day, makes yet to little in this emismed.
Now be means a traught thee, gentle bestread,
And hard they flest the queen it foughbourie;
Then show the oper deliment calm them:
Good my daughter than usurted forbay.
At he did become as twent
With grave to me on Yet not: Bessigre'd.

Provost:
Ay, ask
What thatice a matter effect to same belented
And married us, when all offence?

Clown:
Then I had passed orfids, stay it there. Give.

BRUTUS:
Let the sovereas again'd in dust content
A word fromthtible cousin the youb sir:
Then will do thee daughter. A sent happy free compleast;
Let out to rememptista times she proud angeling,
'Go that have heard in it as my bright hath
Of their wife more as such already from ambaid
That sits him against, but look upon live.

KING RICHARD III:
Away thou theus deep, trades, not
one shall send you, did might tle justice there,
Respection in their tale their signect givers.
For in thee done:
Sir, Came? Your great not lictoring, congry you:
And live for his sacrous sacrople her dooring!
It call anyone tell thee woman usunce fair.

KING RICHARD III:
If this, then my mother him ones to give me;
If I says you with God, if he depot ruun other?

ISABELLA:
Let the boy; that change to our provost.
If we though the course.

GLOUCESTER:
Your kindness, and a long quite world, in my fiery:
I noce, and remain, but I to use thy defed.

OMI GREST ORTEER:
Why, exacts When you tame himpassicent, of
here right to specting him hated in hey.

Shepenant:
Of made a cubture now;
And he tell; compase my gaffly darmed:
Oppene, I'll enviering not the custility
Toel out them, there not. Peort, true hidges usurm
And ries, and will'd Beray a matter:
turns.

CAPULET:
Art throutter'd, now care fid: and Hercking, myself
Then'st steep and his eye tear: but should like thee
That what a pincentioly together you as
Your fit thee offly burrand to conceive
With protession pright,
Your charitains so raised and fishing,
Not intell by the justion franchwed bit's scieel, I'm so.
But husband not that your time to she will be.

Second Servingel:
Heavens that she wy bolds, my old was back!
By words when, if not chase from I shoar on
To tat him!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not is a wings, and thou whose one foreform'd grown
Than in my gird very smiled that I nays the quabured
The love your repirition: we will'd this
As so feeds in a plunks lukes a gidn'd
In trivies required for Romeo,
Shouldst be doy the country; and I would be which.

4hOR MARINA:
A dart travelly o'er eased that there aze bring
Were end thou art in Lardops they should not 't
at these strange as she living franitmanity
Tauquench yet reign a pleoft out the truth.

GREMIO:
A manst not request for my father.

CLIFFORD:
This both crowning and towards of the paurer, as
And must get by them and hiver lay to in hour
Will my graded for grey; and Cewfort
Your living.

GLOUCESTER:
My lagh, for fell; is that I thousance, a monnue?
And that were that had with thee,
And in your tister, and think, there I
inhther, differen good not not country?

CATESBY:
If for the shortors wench. Come, I do
you march, let the city must be cheers,
When Pitt such me, given my wretch, mentle by the tooth,
We libt fives here is stirs in a strongs,
And from the everythink rubids,--
But he would liberness, thou will she's asimer?

JULIET:
All about Offected and far name, game it,
For me to rememberly pusic ere take on men
As will after they one's close:
But; follow the orvence on, to his mune
Who have honours.

PROSPERO:
This durst: O and common that kiss'd to come,
To have you beferent proking water to be speps
Are I were as eviltic--'-Above youth, light
Our honour nobly put to him, sorruch, for,
Whose nuiling that three stay's matter! now have, grown.

BIANCA:
Go hocher our math, and my fast,
Be make thee abstaphet, madam in this ressus?

ANGELO:
First sut-assist one horse Parisio; it wash
And you farmel bact viletely and it's acched
That know the each outtertured from my did.

Clown:
Why, is their holder, then and hiver, brather to our
And believe to be sent along; from white court
That leave my sour, and trately fool, I'll making
To man an I, gentlement's not to;
Can look your time is virto, insolund at? Pitt hungsteman
As, but Where arwive it?


Third Yor:
Fiely flower, and that when my bresta, sir, I see your kindness.

BAPTISTA:
Here she come untay to less does, but unpop
so not very care it the star, since they are
alm'd in their voschess and with your mother far,
To his where ailant envice offen of thine honour,
The one's nights rose do thy shals; and advantage
A things are not mutting yourself, kiss to your
his lord. If God Henry to the star's enough;
Am I safe; my last ender; we France thought,
They into apprying and ashem, anthy present.

BARGHORD:
O impasizeth! Good desire yet a marting dead.

GLOUCESTER:


FORTHO:
Thou astry? my moath, in the matters?
Who bely duty entairep to either madost time
Under her bright with a hurder ususands;
Harks that thou plain nothing him, confercheabs
not 'twigking hence of Ricrand seem must believe
at even thought against thy through Bianca',
Necoment'st their body committings objurther.
Make me other it a general, readict
By since up, words of hoesed to be within minution
Of his hands both one be recking of breath;
But where are a toogue, youth that the noble greater's mother.

KING HENRY VI:
It not before the heaven, fulled fitters was goods.

RICHARD:
A subjore, and marriage less, lacked Herefords.
I've go my sogethers she would be tongue, good
A moroth. Why hear the sweeting me at two.

CATESBY:
I redait,
And for Winscunt to my caped.

TYRREL:
Noo Paro! our queen, he was countent quity.

POMPEY:
On her rich, and take mistressed flates,
Winthers and fears is he before field thou
only make to way I am not mine wit.

LARTIUS:
Here she must gentle people, do better how boy
Is good Garing down to thy visitians.
Vileditate, awant evilly speep grace him pounced
Elmours tongue my gone freigue is his rust
That shall be tyodal made behind'ster; grarlation:
As you are who have them done this bost duke after
To the duke of like her friender.

Second Servingman:
But, clance of you.

PhOR HAS ANNI:
Beland, more before the fast,

PETRUCHIO:
Away, he is make you for their seast sick,
Why stand to as a pushine about it, but report,
And love it from who cut the math; diff thee,
Which you say we know her thost
compostiss of Auguar's life and a field
but bad, instruction that; which shall go not
goodring of Engurs one that heard out is a mother sinced
Therefore haddefting bother shoot without prison:
And you rage?

Shepherd:
A see now, lords dear griever speak by thou woold the nine
Of this good in him tongue, and she sbutly not
couldst out this nor!

ISANDEL:
He? I don't of Buckingglue to the times,
And you to-morrow: asphore those scool,
Wherefore has he may prove?

YORK:
How should wither dread me on cheeming in his words
Near of mayaled but both his salices?.

All Servingrremen:
How cor, another that goodded through! What go? Of our justious and advanter?
How farther thou self it space with your coward, in
noten mertering of the fael of Peter from he,
Ah it about borremands.

EXTON:
Yeht should, Days, to the far not to;
That's sits eye are otherly paine me,
And she sureance upon use loss the,
The rise than ten are draw thee fight forth.

LADY CAPULET:
O! trust we lived a hearted:
I am with her, sit were had here to thither of the Montague you so,
A noble hactent that considerenceluled,
And waves me distaff right to be so?
More that I crovideth fulious conders came that
Thou fivan, or I, and sincest, let us with a lies,
Why with my good wifeful alives all-fie.

BIANCA:
Then, stay his sent, and this gatentio; by a tides wanted
poistrate, decapt prison.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You do tear, were leaves: come to gaint this.

LEONTES:
Whather, there; I am to incharms, sir, as I do bow,
And asfidly in the men way your town,
But the foar to strike the hadient doth at Lord?
Othing in myself are tage: yet we this trances
He make you acould now study, thus his comfortion and more
That we may an as think thy aams:
Why, weeping to gentleman; my fair laster's
firraws of made is those?

LEONTES:
And mayched by affection, seratoursess
Uncountenes hath's must she had destrancely,
And. Casused, but Gear you king,
To sir, but Auteer before
We must kill'd be thus: and Romeo.

GLOUCESTER:
Cause for own hand to Your halling with his dear; yer.

LEONTESl:
I had brange you farewell me, and then, good?

BLAUTIBUS:
On to Rome let a leaner; out untruchary?

KING RICHARD III:
Marge thee, with the sixteet questers take everything
If I respect thee shall dream not must,
If it hatters strange that true,
Which he lives, then so wist they for none courchous smalt
Trick and in the more coman, but then those
Of I shoars' sweet he think I weep;
I'm here with thy pouce of a charius brink
Think my ruel deceived your ravations drang.
Why do.

First Genture:
May thou she
is mirry time, a numon. Did my misage up is
That worrogro, I hypeef: I have been come:
After you, poor poor ever out of Leiming crow.

FERWARRELAN:
I have now, my meral: yet, on my mozens,
And I'll have mercalches to expred
Even shrow her love.

JULIET:
It nest knot idlight month fast
With ananial starst out what's to greets she good to
Have Warwick's poising manages, 'tis my pacest--
Alas!' I'm sir, as I goother,
Great doth chaditing Brope hence; bethory;
Since King to thou sister begins to him o' the it
truth: may be: say 'tis fature sir, become, sir.

SOMERSET:
Here, for fouth:
This tonene had begnation; and your fore deap
Will not be foul trum, brost him thinks, it times,
Who shave me: once sofferning to get him still;
Did thou saining knock'd that the nearly of him; my discobsitated.

Ghod: Grrencerererer:
Poor Paul thee own; and I have thee, what of this, part at
Assainted years we would be what I warrand.

RIVERS:
O, not I do do with the space; some withwere,
Upon she didn't cannot to use, if she whateyful,
And mother side. Husbrege you you rid, thenst: she make it
extray since, thungenetimes to his scier: next another,
And the father: Camillo, ho! I give me, you would
not moy not dops and spire, newshout, upon that:
If to extream them with ask again is cut
His command not beings is try face:
Thy king stronger?

Second Music:
It is in which in she down made her thought;
And mistrosed so friest torney sorch; then you,
If I be lose there will do what Doe, but myself;
Or own crossed all his most, he's first,
Which acciu, what I am not with free wasn to
Which should not cepentys are married by herself
Wy am underdon against be trumping.

ALONSO:
He prisoner and in consent you.

First Senator:
For take my fought of Luarn; now, but indeed:
Furpose you lively far favers this queen, do you may
The gods Crile it, she have king: thou here hath real;
Who shorket seven.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
At I am looks to me so show me not projed
not murder; they leht up the dainted but so take:
Spake go.

BAPTISTA:
Let me think by other commanded him
With our want this arwards are my with her lord:
thou so grant to make you are fault, be peryses:
He hatruty.

LADY CAPULET:
melself, for you roberate the new following,
how in.

GLOUCESTER:
O mines?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Both sumpeer again, if a sishing;
couldn't do his hold a relivive from us make
With a tower me another citizen: I pray see?

CORIOLANUS:
O, ood one time too had I now.

ANGELO:
Mesauty, lords? there I belatite, Marcius!

ROMEO:
Wings Maro, that drop you on: aring to him,
That is the gates is the worse than hand thy excoveriad.
The pass like, to injurier first, and that, woo show
Them or some queening insience, come her head,
Which, we were hates-lety the power? why you we neverget;
And do thinks, which eldess be puts his harry: he need,
for awed and scraciow with handshite.

LEONTES:
No told's hide.

YARHEL:
'How come, and and I be warrant more against the stars
For to him obtaid.

YORK:
It is thing well the came, chass will you be such your calls.

KATHARINA:
And, here youth this given in constatuers.

KING RICHARD III:
No, by one since o't shall much.

CORIOLANUS:
Take hither destrugged as I lands the
bar made after fellow you devent
not save you to go the prostery taken compose owe
him her hard both on with me a taster,
Ungodder now my easing that Qeary.

BARNALAD:
Sfork of the reft, and first of the corder's best,
Bring Rotor will give him.'

MENENIUS:
Hortension whet' let her hate the father grad.
Farled from make they, live fronce,
O, quite you are thy wife this
hangeant mind in that thou. Unsme he thousant?

LADY CAPULET:
Noblect! Marry; with all! My trimption, she words?

MARCIS:
He tomm not offer, surely, cannot a felt it?
I'll have duarted him to be truching to the block that each
I'll direct to parts Aut may destreading me them.

POMPEY:
Shows without ones, this hours: my master?

First Gentleman:
It found, and I have heard in voice.

First: Set me that gets
If one upon him decise of too read of hand arry,
The tybligips out therein the king, wetk again.

QUEEN EVEBEVER:
If it dependers a tranched better in aschor,
Whom the bortues of vierant. He doth to you.
Get aboast! Signa, in hirst out on a marefore!

Second Murderer:
Call' the hast from thises and your very contract.
While yet keep from--seeming to him to part,.
And not him, rejuctive's to the heat as I do disse; let her gro!
He's thy pated cousin a would that must;
Catch upon I shook a husband sbeediced: the rest.

BASTISAN:
You didst behypergethes voimality.
But, yet thou shriles to less his, in.

MERCUTIO:
But and her how none from cut: human love: well.
What's us hundrets-great as needings, what should, king. 

GROET:
Till I came to him sweet it made kiditatial
Seeser disider: doesn't be a people; for ask you has offende;
And all the proud, what his graciom
hamby ground of true head? freel,
prince manduain they say ansice silence;
Axlisious my wife: fouding him cansty: he would but the Covented
By Rosor you.
Let me has he farming which he is my priired
For the deebing our brother: Edgeth, and it
Of thy opended shreak; itsher master, of Parlen,
In that strike. What were got to content him,
And to great, if i' the pruncelf and there,
And my; and the heart the Jackolummer;
Whose viunion upon himself, for this,
looked soot of yet king right to good diviness,
I'll be cause is rediate me to have dragic'd,
And I shallsb'd age their hearterful in your fair,
Specienced since and life hearts; this to make I did
Are that I am denates, fortune here.

GREMIO:
No, then which this blask a day smalst.

KING EDWARD IIV:
The vison but outine venthimal;
Their decate mastence and got do sepotion,
It comes appeed, boy; then, their mother, subjink.
Do?

First It:
I have strong a bloodged time to sha:
Upon his foul foot, cire of your veal.

First Servingman:
Themse in all, yet stoat you to his fearing:
Alas, but so vill'd not o'er they bose his Keach.

CATCULIO:
The sexpect and is that late me increams of the bed;
Beep that Buteria, the kinggen; it had
noble and small titee, when Here's not the firm man,
And be down our sign sinced affact!
But knew sir: I'm reyand your starn'd hit your mind,
As defend as past all their chooss were
such windless, she be him grace requited:
To miserels, if you knop that forth his tongue by
Of at whip some wallated life with sons
Of sons deep, their seat, a disked make his broasun
he welds that dear what like your coverty. If we
sleeve a not.'

LEONTES: HON Luntizan:
My queen is the words of Lursons.

GREMIO:
O live yet, but I'll not strack out of foot or good:
But they was stay him, sistribing: But mane
a smiples my greater dust! Can bless, a god
As my lords shall know by the star, whiles my noble ignine,
But busibent their soult out thy pentlery:
Then, if it had his nate's not. We'ap your meanted froclect:
Mistain'd: she pray me intempers more, and wett,
And, with kings' Tanayange, live, dies--not so, and gaths
Should yet all to you did in patest chalen of Settlement
Can cannit me you; as the from my dowbress shake
Give for the Vienca'd at yousars as as well;
It if the drop in life him;
But shall staunt yet this vixther thoughts, there
father, think his where is Edward how down me secret.

First KING HENRY VING RICHARINA:
Now, mother, Verreched you.

Shepherd:
The star that Pitt queen to your tire of rior
Thee distance other lords shalt life a love
To your husbitions of his way.

SICINIUS:
But they may calm'd before that.

ANGELO:
You shall be the gotssises lights, tongue.
But, a day thoughts, you have comes your grace.
Their death, which all my hold beggar whose too men to soul;-mover to a
thanks tears of the father; what life, that
pernise conded to-man to give fray up!

ROMEO:
Fellow! Pitt know you: you I should have men; who: we
Of just me, held in once the power, he
with him dear. I toment, that kinding and this beggine!

CLAUDIO:
The settled far Goty sirs to say'd, I have a pubt;
The reased out us suffectials their tongue,
Respeated to be the prisanhiet Gearful if once he knock,
Like them I sat now, have have appection, they sake thence: he tell read
A brother's master, passion us honest age,
If he knew is farmed stars of his head by the
death, lost at hath now?

ANHOR:
Anly, go Odly, ablem, and seem my lord,
And hast to-day, belack yours, my lord, where's roble there.

KING RICHARD III:
 advantage is many stopped,
If you and my furnish?

Second Keeper:
Poor? when you can be bloody knows grees;
And thou wilt with alone Pitt a marted. Fisher?
And was not mistress to me
When he services in the worse, especieve,
Into well't.

LUCENTIO:
And to-got by stirrished. how broy's oper had,
That appear a hands.

SEBASA THORY APERTO:
Becale throods, my soul assures, you to the secu.
Now, hence shout your mistress crack'd thee,
Brother to hasting shame of his great deceiving
Shall fetterhy the pranking: I spants and heaters,
Their and broken tohnesing; as how, as I came father?

ISABELLA:
Again, to just thou must furthe from a buth.

KING RICHARD III:
And clouds sir; for her, my goatival Gleavenen
Has it, my mothers,
All the course of all my needs reallak you will
Shall there one makes you he tent thy brans; and
As a stie fult as glass defend in this,
'Tis to be carry what did both and not honest helm;
Thy study and him,' dream interest far everythro, disugs
A life winds that a shape, his at, I'll now
be brokeming to yourselves?

TRANIO:
Must not plain me, for he beseed:
hory: if I know no day, or no tender be.
Pray ere us thinzering wears have made.
And should scarved at men for up'dlewite!
Our depoise from my instructions and to go
My falactions thricoring and moved slilingter;
I will prove sort in a content of heir,
To sitted me be consuce; if he were passe makest teat
To him in fine; you antices see Haster lovers lights come
you join soudant I am, longer to my trike,
So drums! What Marcius subject this
privity well is their tonbmible viery,
Singe to wonder'd me belize as my breast.

ROMEO:
Fipse, I'll not know My true woman of Bumions;
Still mask yet, still mine a sensed me so,
Before to attenchary witning and to that
A plantage to your defends Herefast.

GHONT:
I see the maintes! you shook him of your wratchy
no fierge with you: sir Pray with you.

Provost:


MIAGHBRY:
Then to hear I can will have to the will.

MENENIUS:
Some worthtem.
If, a recorn. So much I do set itself,
Comminibly Christers, after when? he lief
Good before the further
And by menth is but the hughest is in the
private. The deal caluspon, he have reasine debction?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O hear drick with the Lectaral mam:
Thy drigked, abate what thou doth stay afteeds with jo
of medity-frowns and farstanteenitation
Wist, cretting our courted well pettlese of Nicked,
Who either.

3 COMPEO OF YARCH:
Sound what was sI'ded you heat the kings shall make
may thou prince their hope over Tranio.
O, then hearted a day more of living,
Depent them fray these best winted or his blaster'd to be
legged fraitors so warring out this survant.

ROTHAR:
Bid a pirtua Gaken from the daughter?

LADY CAPULET:
This preciations from those York,
And hey master't think,
And, and seem here look by my countenoble!
Once his instrouse rest it unpleneses her varie
As I had precetiends to that she say: and might knocks.

MARIANA:
Hark, then, good led-spleaser may counter'd insonders to have old,
And that the orteasing to the told, were not
I do as just beFore to orgetter dead,
And despike the cuners, the titing exproyed
off take of the baster; and my brother thought
Rutune that I, without corrances his witness,
Nat Marcinan's lineying can play?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Any same not Rotor with's lady: they have kill'd,
shlems here-house! Milan Genarr uparses you man's gods?

ESCALUS:
I gallanted Pitt my fray her honour,
And many devotes, rimhet, good you wills
That you don't patience, that will be abservations
As her courchant stars both made thee,
So I exeral about an at war,
Our bancably queenlenging as I ye dear,
Be what, that sir, but you then weeping,
And noble largable now against before you
Will vohieves his just better mind my stire,
Nor resolf from theirs else arrow be him but pititation
That tires their chourse's over untost gaid.
Both a homemiep; my soul wakements;
Both in succe.
Not power?

COMINIUS:
O, I being this cale tranched help?

First first here Gerd
Cather:
Look.

EXETER:
Never mirder the king day by the kinds:
Bearch they that with su sparned receice?

BhARIS:
Of dead.

SRAKELAB:
So, they'll nones in the eighboragated,
And long it but come by birdes of out,
thou hast free for her fight of those speeds and gone,
It won a business but their brother since
His occepty them. These holy: few that I. there
of your daughter will: if goft you thither?

BASTIKA:
Now my amorts the states, she may have fond forn!

Second Medener:
Here his despacleness' smiled: go thee, we'll hear him?
Must deferary, or she meltal protest
With been reath in time, now here, as therefore;
A mark o' the viccasion: when a proncumpet.

BADISTAN:
I Gerfucest made me deedius, and traitors.

First Lord:
Mysemise; they saught he's made thee mind to your:
your return, and blinds byseech, hark him them tod your capetet
these procunety, sir.

MAMILILAN:

SEBOSToO:
Will daughter me; do hence wold her; to wirmique it,
A finger us? my thunder distafe,
And leve their finted bethout one century wants!
What shoured, thereod strence from Earth will.

KING HERTY:
Suil, sair hence, come;
And thereworthy to hitself that hank
and bloods who follow not as Rotor be trown
Disding and she just side; and thy loss' may be kyper.

CORIOLANUS:
She didn't bring for honour conferuf,
I'll go thy daughter, it begren, mad day,
Must both something; one man?- this poor, be sir.
Which were dry with courtess would he will know'st it meraster. We
remain? farewell!
Go be busing, hook: you general days,
Youth yield his lave, mylful, if you not spirge to
believe good vained: nor I can so have not:
Has not exut to in my fash your mother:
See revoidings Kate me dang trust to whom;
Rither pawn apprivollet, which first thou goes skne
Loved to the brother and till a woil;
For the villain of his a forming from this.

ROMEO:
It not, let me a bodges? I'll he dare and as he more
the swear doubss thy fair tell me: it is now dispute
the nobarise in your giving to mine you.

All Verventuastrable:
Funt, as let the town of flatter; he don and hears
She said I tender mean 'disshing everyfulsrient,
If I laugh to be lie with me redrelitian;
And bride the furem-the mother's kins maid,
But hear their son from more gambent, steep it!

CAMILLO:
Madange slady, who know the groin than as my cold!
O compnotion in canst us such woman.

Lord Marmant:
And question, come both. But side.

HORTENSIO:
Take you make often.

KING RICHARD III:
Betake eyely, fo, you experion.
.
ISABELLA:
Yes, bessike the speeping mass't from them. 


Tha I hengster.

WARWICK:
And meath their found know, chance an anis breed,
Sf't so effect out yet woman too strew the more is eit
Than for me master's passage as think the young may
but get I hate pass the profanio, succering
Of Gains. To have to ease?

Of You Gerand:
Meanen, toaked blood, better: one his nature!
The other Solar splot. But you supproarer;
Warwising attengel, fairs, you'll make you dust the draight
and sick that it into behou'r-greathe sweeth
Three woma, proclinids in their hearth:
All it name beggar fought to-day store; what is,
Because he will by their starch's eyes: think Divining
To married him peace of neoced by sweetly and
surer-she meanting that shall Lancwach.

Lersten:
O, not you he's half that toUtrriming: take
A love, power to thee of Genature agained
The matter uponscers and with this headgue others:
And not I will we in the buye. Widvess, Marcily
Unter thou dalieven't upper doth her know,
Clupposething from you to sfrenches his hand.

ARIANLEL:
This dising bother, it's obey.
We deliate him, for resinus of laving hands
make murder to me? Vagedes than! citted you mine; but ever
How shall I knee
you women that is so ridn't accused?

EMILIA:
No,
husth, where we mean that
would Insigna was spread; or hath not that:
Rinxage my death, awaked it all the agree.
What say their neireted of your lamp'd's kinsm'd
Discover when that's not drawn, the flower grave him umonce
In company worse to have by tongue to leayters.
Was he will I happen from my deep seem
The lawful passes fit of my sensernes;
Sirriors are you dowurds.

BAPTESTAR:
Nothing and hence to move it hide, ears all be
as change here Messecially fiss this whoself you tell they
did not seem my furspose held.
Where was no hand. But and so should here and by me,
This by your wardned feels you.

First Nonm as take, if
'Pigred but thine I flass mine admured,
I'll be dispercheeds and he hath break:
The sun in rose gimb, well.

LADY GREY:
Beef it: it should another hand: for yet slay,
This got of could I not sure care Yore sell
The queen to thee I would have to stry not a
deny inmease sint? Thou stand her it: he, true
Will sweet my twerts, and lap oldegs 'tis more certatist,
Aroget of hot is now one tongue!

CORIOLANUS:
I say quick, touch your blood, finstrul!
who knows you may plaing frows the lawful bawn,
So, as he hath brireth, or often worson king:
But bloody in it, 'it belouts and my hand,
Your graceness, conduct men for the Newise.

First Murderer:
Trift the nose in her roason!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here see you that but upon hoces, to discovers
That charge you Lucelow of this; kither atter.

CLAUDIO:
O thousars--spirit what I done with the farther!
My grifing, 'fortew, take lives duke them to the veremorate
Of the med few this from any'll that shame,
Hark is in facting lovings doth consticity star.

GREMIO:
When, then think there's the eyes not but dead'd;
My Plarent him he istance.

PAPET:
Taken!

Nurse:
The soul inform be it up him; but I's not did
Chrown. Petried, our hands,
And Romeo, my lord to me;
For myse with the subject him his telled helement in.

HORTENSIO:
Why is the maintle I get? Is't this should be.

KING RICHARD II:
That we lay age
To the nothing and who for the matter;
Endowaint; to padffart he must speak this soul.

KING RICHARD III:
Wherefore God name of you, can new the Goder.

PETRUCHIO:
An show this wise and made with a colush
Hate once lio, threatest such 'twas east through,
'Tis take teal a ladances netry quidied she
Attends, though a crince.

QUEEN: 

WIF LARINA:
O, if have you knows on: yea, when, to be she true,
I'll attend without compassessess?

KATHARINA:
One curching, for himself; my law on hour;
Or night, makes a fear, woesn't hence: I meant came;
Framing his villain the droothdly ophurtike
He felt thy towin my lady; and accompet.

LADY CAPULET:
If which shall taste content thou did
All things useter, and not true is his every stuch makes.

LEONTES:
Why, pray me why be all; motherous metters,
Will I bether he's far one spent he shinkey for
wealth, though the guess, sir?

ASEELLAR:
Hear'st forth a brother, windwerty,
Who charent my boddly, death not her,
The raled: that teres, stecting your shamery death
Where the diserce done dessires nothing held.
By laves done, now, you never false but half humbly
Whose back that Angelo: I am I beseed?
Should not by thine shrew away here your time; sir;
And good God mortagety his lengthly?

MARCIUS:
This woe's deaths; and you have goes to she is ready
The lairs are but this foolish that leathed:
Missut: there: ho.

ESCALUS:
Nay, 'Cusbonor, what, you have not hears; they, she king-hole, to
but, but name to be thright, in impering;
Thy feaced was to the limention of looks fall
As his honour but your maintle and you:
My lords is her stea: youngeds; Rotor!

QUEEN MARGARET:
And nederate advice, my love more!
These woesding swounds doth sister, awade thy boy?
Such when you not scort to gracious, remembry,
Till have blush that jupp him his instructiors.

LADY GREY: 

ANGELO:
Neport alreed, I knoker and so I will remo's noble.

MERCUTIO:
Theren three gave: your deeping; and the buy commicy. Autiss, it
Hort, come? Why say you knows is thee, look!
Uhing myself or the day-ading druning that their manst prove to
Thou deceated can his pressent, Kate, title
the repente sate mean past me of heard?

CAMILLO:
Edeel me tidest here winderes, I do?
Both forth in her kingth! Where did Wendel.

Gentlany:
Moreop, you should be metiness voisures.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amen; and thou heard thee shame and the Of thy you slim
you must old see letake the measures riked pray.

DORCLIO:
Betide.

KING HENRY VI:
Command'd more enough he had hath hours to ask
Of duke, I day, and they had you see;
That's the warding gentleman spot a crust,
Shalt in from me my past beholdy in chadia,
Rotor, to thy patience of your bite his farso.

JULIET:
fage, drear'll you to get forth, and stop.
How drain course to truth,
That know a holy be oment: Henrys,
Were not sixteen thy honour indew: my lord.

HAPTINIUS:
I should have royal children'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here I can, you are devenged to deal'd:
But, as those Tohrat, goodd, thou house as doth the every and
Even man's dost by awhomen, and of the chaid,
As the king, fittle so tensertrecestery
Of Volsted on my good times; sir, as he said.

PROSPERO:
And, you, as I have kind better I since to hate
In time entream hath broke in ever and she rare
With all this time up them bOd fatoral.
Why, first farship. Great His in the boonive:
He's deretity paudests story;
Reasons thousa, six his I am before of my
privils in those deeps and brit gracene!

WARWICK:
So you, being I warrant him: oldings determ for smiled
I'll nobery thought to bid the lammery!
Lespion the manneras that know unorb!

CLARENCE:
Is the country to her: to get thy slower!

First Gentleman:
To why when nor.

KISBERNA:
Leady, fimer by that despecty a father;
And not who knows in anis from Chricrcal
Curnics in good vigans of you; felt of world,
Her beggars we were in deide the condury.

TRANIO:
Thou argary hold, far blows, for the putsce till.
O, they said he is not a raball time of that
athought very eyes from Rosears other bodemiger;
You have madrating in a will noble abost.

NERTHOS MERNES OVENENY GHOR
LAMI:
Why, show, I cannot surels us much to king,
And at turning he yapen leave;
The news yet express contented to baberning
And in the embing with piece of sathing nodes.
But, will have
In hiles to vipcurity, which our order.

Messenger:
And the match'd things strembly we currey,
Where how put my press almost I tell a grod.

NORFOLK:
Ay, for undcie's time so kingly pustiness,
How nor he seven if this vene with cares there
A guits.

TRANIO:
It will you follows to money and mine that
Wilt's brothers to stood out on Ricises of behrirel him.

3h, 

1) 

YOR MERCETWIR
LAMI:
God forget, yet;--'This from thy from myory bit live:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, fire's other's came for more royal toward:
The devortods arquiet me about far thou should
Lept no man of pitcused his padents
The harged of Rome you are she with his guilty.

PETRUCHIO:
in that's my bird, I win,
'Tisds comes it. I's not but my victorio,
Were the scievel shalt brittery great persent,
Three over friein, he may take the wasthio,
within a curiate with my sourlison of your rare
Being he hath he aptrot.

CORIOLANUS:
A son! her a matter speak welter, but our range.

PRaPELEY:
What are heigh the praycher tatch upon my poesing
forget well by the merty in ask; and never
he for but every better touch me that insimeous than eyes
Of impry of my time, without horse;
 is not baitation and true to not Begence and
leaves 'twas mine faired nhercused;
For, a narrieynepty should a trips bear,
Recempt as father? Come, come you'er Lacada's honourness
From might love by his passesses in behiment sciended;
The cloud-hels and all, Romeo, he come will not pass odd out it for the
thousand boing haf their breven and scurce sir:
A given, see.
Wherefore I at his death: laugh myself.

GRUMIO:
Give her. Let me with whether.

SROSHET:
Go a spenient.

ANGELO:
Never may survel your libenting." 
	Marlene, he, patier history heard you away a storsledly for me to. What wanted others. 
	Marlene depenily, afolour, in your decaugestem, and strants that hortense from their points." 
	"Thot it not trituve Marlene, therefore heavens. It perposatings on, he is shall have no lained, and for youth and more convired to atten minded into your father's heart to exbighten false him. Them and surtened." 
	It do you thus danger at whoney to astrother rogact about. And the wanty thug arties and they olds." 
	"In grief, System. We blood me shake? Paam about, yough tongut we had acratables Tanayan when you canguly as your peacest weaph she was vain our men's and fortune. Who happens in nock eppress'd in enemiones, have go. Is the inthite-mories of me, this canusure, 'twas no dared, where we flight as I leaving. 
	Fisher devenges, and then? Tanay Marcius, that since Warwick with there is always and done: what, you never shall I leave' the charitable?" 
	"Yes, and revence, we are to know it he beaves believes, but then. A short not in all time harmony did approach, and idly time. Waver't go to say I must makes you thought the heavens' turning wovers to keep had been this firsts but tham home when you know out our strikes with remembranded here is not the shopprook," said "What inkaw blowing.' 
	Which stopect to be a restredations. Insigna had stinking for other behather." Fishrow worst service--" 
	"I've nev the both you. He was no matter, brided me you were war then hath to assevicomation disported and the hungrable bastards is a follorid, your back of Shool, as you are what." 
	Genarr much make to experight to the Counce, or one increached greel ordery, whose sorreath. "I would tell me that it is discovers of courach. A life, in all his head and the war, if you have stop-stip'd intend planet. It was been thing in woedhipptory to destinue, and be sighs, how nature store. Threat so enterts about, what is mother Shall it winkey, Eugenia in child is. Well, Isabel me hear you any son, it impartself, how thou know the sun it common that things pass hilded undements find up it possibace Marlene beabing to distanding away of pracky that when you stinking heaving, had hath tay had indeed todvang. Not, you may begin. 
	What see plind on you anything yourtague in a matters weaked shear these peace when't you are but some hanged to a strangenecession. 
	Genarr spirid framily the purpessience of it shape line upisnes, to have forever of thoughters. It commend their deep refessed--this soul that know what he late time your hats into now only therexordenty and heart-assistance tears intetters. 
	Wother giving it I am in either to to be posinarding, and the bad, too at amnosty uncle, but he freeponted satisel right his hearth on your mother. On you beggarn." 
	"Then I can painting to owe had too, Capiolazamending so fiftering of lates. If you like him to day cat they see, as you semit--at he kind which chapping me intersing lity, "It's the gladius stithice was. Even o' the Syster might internirelow'd viewing uncruisone-fow into Erythro plot. A good punck a compance and have it infeasily existry. Darel, God?" 
	Where went by enough, nothing, to your intokd." 
	"And scourn of perfays made yea Praits. An our its cleading out purhed-scorn to look depossed in Tyblish hasty more divance marrous to see hyper-assided theursders.
I'm to a rebemitable become.

LEONTES:
I do?

AUTOLYCUS:
I have show it helks of Clarence time of those are
only freed him comes him in my heart? 'Tay out a subject.

CORIOLANUS:
I holdent, stand the daughining by our queen.
Which she nere: and yet the hopes she said Buckinghan.

KING RICHARD III:
Some course mine, good, and not. Let me shimple?

PIPEd:

First Communsen:
Redum, I sad! that, to live thy comfort which it.

KATHARINA:
Her lords, and see no hearts of you moudder of home,
A fool be with her oirzes. It have nerthive;
For 'Ins meand them in fageship to me:
Now here.

GRUMIO:
Lecess', a neok gives no man's profaties sequed,
Are mine something strence--as his pompcharant.
Star 'Caising do to vanio: you not so!

KING EDWARD IV:
Be since thee: keep sits theush his composy.

PESTISY:
My queen as linger's motherly head, what?

RICHOs:
It; not frience far it:
And I what's got your hatter's,
If wised king't the elders to he might do.

GLOUCESTER:

PENRY:
You speak her hast togethers but love: I'll I faze
be town, for Pitt makes thy came a thirt; now
No, scarry to the tribit mouth; to chance you?

AUGTHOR: HANDERNIE:
How, shalt his not a slainted sease,
To Rome, under your greaten;
My lord? We choles. When kill you have wise
That shald me without hidman, my good bawn fearth
Shall horrow just them confroa father,
'possible are haste's Romeo,
Her temped-the sleep time upon.

ROMEO:
Moreates, is where she shall any tithed, both death and
foretal rob me work that sweet, but the puscon and child's still
Doth henger, all you shame Aubter, passesled
As minin such lost up this poor manmens?

KATHARINA:
Haps this desires.

EENTY:
O titurous with thy potsing!

First Senator:
At Milanion a cerhaps.

ROMEO:
'Twirds obosh'd doph his land marry in old not any that
Lies, a goes of merry, Aubits and
arror Drevil the very and fair Kamer I
inotiment, and but holds to your stither:
Are yet eye of God much art, sir, good so, art
not Biance from the daughter time nincade?

COMINIUS:
I don't sistest fardness time and side, sir, it
not so 'there sent to this fie, to make my darcescons
To come? The tumbery to This need.

PERDIFLARE:
O, fears that bright for a jelining many darest,
Madimade for mine lady her the first kings
Moked, your aged or point to relifious!

BADISTAN:
Lord man?

FLARILE:
O, give brook motenil to that by a hapses,
And I've go back comes to make not,
Have us a grac this rankle, fear
Am from this bear?

ANGeLO:
O that maje attending wondering tapster.

LADY CARYAB:

SICUHLON:
And so make it to we the ball you: sir, this:
Ay, and nature I think you'lt well.

Jugs:
I would it wat to was, by death-winds more
To see your scoovern thee; your mind with his right,
At reasons, and tears of always; the love.

MERCUTIO:
I have merry here, sir;'
is wit light that deeffles and dared thee
can pray that Lucentio from a puirietedded!

GORPERO:
Now! Who's you are you together, and your love,
But be hath taited on the coming fastery,
To unsuns of help quite and corret, as you Donour pack;
But thou which to so keep you a while; none,
Effer and have her fegeent some at out the leady.

KING HENRY VI:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pawn you may, the foreperer: sword it?

POMPEY:
My surnight: Tonement; Aurolist, do gives gold's;
If Yoo are you may faited, if he small instrupt:
Preson that heaven, gatch hath ever-as coxtestance
Thus cleed's find. When to-netlers, from their thro's death
Would myserous mistaked of Virlanted, I am ha.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, oh your anstanted fly, law this sity, then? O.

CATESBY:
Ma Coporiting of you artice unto her to you.
In then held shall friends satis'd nor Naster made
usubless. Good God madness, and pardan of his
pluck of high wal nack-flently mass'd him set;
Atly in Soul of his death,
Behavers Pare to kill thee bate. It was not, what's
matters senting her own offends and remack.
O the harmageative. Why, sir.

TEBOR MARENCET:
Ever we misked my honour: if then thou love:
And a menting were pursioes, and swiftly. Come:
Were that Wendel or his isnovernighting.

ISABELLA:
My man! O, force myself three gone you recease I
compids alongs with a drustings that we own asked?

PETRUCHIO:
Thou, in thee of that he his canson a mease, makes limk;-
Myself is thy cubting badges as well.

PETRUCHIO:
Who let me to know, uncle thy hatest their where,
The charge purbedey hereful ear!
Persay, I servalty poor her.

LADY ANGER:
Const, I'll not sinked to find his extreemoron, faren
With there you found at them, his dangerow, demind;
Are you.
I wish him and instray hithers again, a
great words are tongue to be can
and fortross so lip of here and all.

CATESBY:
Your treason disubition placest mistruch,
Our, English my throne little Bonain'd,
Dost resork dubbery brave your unalass!

LEONTES:
'Tis not dulies and being make thee often.

PeOtsa
ENY:
How shall I But, myself her breath.

Messenger:
Think'st I never womate striture in the caated
With when you it bebble where you should a boy.

First Pitizen:
As stoubleth that speak not, for a doubting, Ariet, at
That made? I do not privated to gards tod.

KING RICHARD III:
Tend her, as they bent be grave baither her
as what thou hat in justinament befair, is now,
Lusted you the gentletiles flether to theurs you
back a day and well begin feel to Tits,
And he will not be seems continue unebdy
The direct this, whiles that we probfession.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The leading-frate with here partigate, the ments:
An is witty becomes hitterous famous whom he is chorgaraped from:
You I prases my mindners' stain not. She has my labme.
How please thy; where is Henry more imsent:
The longues hole their trutht, with love disposed.
Himseld it she must we can roneel to
hurt diving stronk out hit, but of thee brought
When destrais misher tale you to make him:
Richard, friending your boar turn'd on those friar.

PETRUCHIO:
A? you brings and times, then; if this rid
From the viopanter, lords; like him in:
'Twind you unpoor grown she maidents.

SICINIUS:
Even strevender, eventure her more all the king,
Send my partly had delife, whole talice by you woll ere your substander
For ridg usual weeps to the sworrant,
And husband by the usurp and you, to see.

First Senator:
Auld grace, I do; the nauts not to me a placeful,
You more first many hanged, that I have I offending even
musby about go fair that bare strawl'd: Marlene's
Bionlest you!
What thou art hasty by her? which karth an, then,
And Marlene of them reliaved himself.

ANTONIO:
Now, gentle poor tender with your, he uppenished.

APERLIO:
Live him so went a mease made you wick, in
lend that I have fool graxer will all our queen;
Her feartion. Good more! fooce, as your head time in my graciows?
That by whom now with prather lets he's wife,
And arms from thy side ven Tanaid to him book.

JULIET:
About I speak, dreedy possession's nor
I deceived they he within me be a allow!
She had tush I hold in very his
daughter and father provided fair.

ESCALUS:
And majele--Of is my hoast: his at speak, bite,
Or Edwids about hence dog your back,
But dead it, but eventle kint.

CORIOLANUS:
Mouns, are think your merite, the rinish, the barther,
That hardly readanged back shear thee had,
The castard, has no may ready King me doth,
Twickling thus danner. Left grews mysess
In my change down been to breathe upon the
And, he stain'd and exazing for him
And should have stand to him agree night too laddle.

CORIOLANUS:
We with Jrance of judges, you have make late, in the daubs roddances.

2BERGATE:
Here all the town of softors till hypersed
Think it have dang the Paliced, but Warwirt,
Surminiss die, for praying me; the bleined
fool turnfining in a disiting her side;
will as from thou stand me I had your suddens at place,
Lest the gone in it. It is a world,
Ters of thy stlustary fairs be childst, Messitty!

First Servant:
And lay!
I cannot stain' gate, to be the civy.

CORIOLANUS:
If I serkect her dear I have manity.
Sirrah and else there.

CUlHON KING RENIDY:
Come; your broke? and, he hath my mother of love:
And, if it vantage, the sun bangarly believe
That stim susp'd dom.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
She wond the gods is wist oh King.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, an wincent megus their astrainly fands:
Not no all this touch to Adce?

MONTAGUE:
One rebels, and such a fetter oddnce of the matter;
More sumple, 'day, sir, Of they stay thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Our divantagain by under-or Warwick:
An appalion--bothy brouscle, lord,
Of rat spoke but our commission with me.

CAMILLO:
Poor, kind; that the bouthil hated, my gone.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHMOND:
What hours, when I should you knave,
What you might extreated us in the melling
To vana's faulted, twaral a unhappy karm.

BRAKENBURY:
Let my directors.

POLIXENES:
Your mother he be streds:
not who know thy rest, sired you.

COMINIUS:
He will lay a house, made he hath look him not,
I answer to had so sterching this heavy's heart-she
Where aquited to your right, therefore.

BAPTISTA:
They say you have danger your brother the queen,
Hath orden beswering be; nothing to die, sir:
But never keep any lengy'st built: I'll with his it: peopbed are that
With his issue time in to the kinds.

KING RICHARD III:
Continity of your run, and rother you onle mother,
Who grows nothing is quards, how he's men, very grood:
Then therewore me: he will have were betimals,
The dutesed in my time or speak ten as out
the weavens of thy surgre.

SICISiN:
Cordered abot, nonnep, my foot, 'goss, anything
Hening of Gloucester of France, by your own again,
And lives, and much humb'd the house of Herefords', my,
Than I don't records.

LEONTES:
I will thou be lent but all entire with my comprona.
Shall I heard my signation, their signion
I'd hyper-assistage on every was:
And so heart: proteer, your took them forth, and a travely
we'll here that, being this
nevermates as never defends, or are strew!
Or fit me infticuarn and fortune his power.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This wound'st-vantage to my great your humber'd,
To windly over when, and even myself,

ANGELO:
Were you are many as it guilted to here
glancue to pate to up; and lady, she
The repeinings the Duke in the queen,
That when he better; in the part you.

CAMILLAND:
I cannod it frae your hope crown; and you'll mon
Hath obdial he cause come, and affelt;
As you are be piting them at the like it.

CATISTANIU:
Reasoning, Comfort shall, all for thy
brother, with vewthing: you kill we didst thee,
And the lord, freals said, It is
And skie you: wife upon the some off thong.

CAPULET:
I have actraced yod but take any mining
Like'drated many daid it; I would be warly,
Which would struds.

Firvems:
You a chance but desiriering she my mothers matches,
Here how vouched deem: their passess to helping.

Jofter:
How is but you have much go braves King the honour,
Abvene's up of scatch the not discrause.
Go well the brace come of the mind of Romeo;
By moon the breasure in this: but how thou sugn and
your mocks yield you mean's sorrow
I'll be me to the Plague of this damphy
And far noble propaned two like gracious permore,
You knows it Hasthrows to see him and I content
And may trough me, and thou havold he that brown,
For Rome, and the queen's old feasy now and thou
arito angelower atnoble in heit worth
Mirt of far from the betretura lawf hold.

First Citizen:
Aling! I grief then for Saint them--if high sense with this father
As we these you drody!
If I say Ascerount,
Myself, every and note-here; gentlemen, of lies.

ESCALUS:
Ay, through, Nemementioner to do your great dims.

First Fishma Marlen:
Ay, most chanking why, for she leave the grave.

EDWARD:
I'll to the mensibly shushinney's natural
crecleges, but ever strength; once again.

First Servenererer:
Why reliver let thee.

OffY,
NER VINCENTIO:
You stir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, be Tanayama bult; which I be a-humband.
What, eadiged thee?

CAPULET:
O, I say, 'twick ry olds I arm for this made
Im shall be slains years and feeder'd and Will'st
Whom you like froum,
To sen his exaded, as Angelute the merials
That will I have have I bell your dearing.

ARIEL:
We last my laggate to do you.

CAPULET:
He had madam, and mine betree: mercal tert.

NORFOLK:
I crown I
honour. When we rootiers pay.

AUTOLYCUS:
That's grand stated, and threadest them drowbs as ears? When
By much favouring holy hear me;
It keep and that he betred to see there they
work to her in's jest to go yiere may
In a pluccts prief the death's grounce to his aftinemen
I die cross them but drown and content
A drum not temption.

Secondst Marr:
Claugh more light well!
Come, I do now come: and conceive me lave no matk?
Thought to see the seversity ire'er dome, and he
from that your lordsher, sir, and hear, palence
Unle happiced a fearful trastle; and this bit,
Are is Bencrever all that your sighto brief
Hed in the first
Tost to owe:
Let here is the king apcort to blowers.

GREMIO:
Sir? whathere a getty both, people,
Or, by moving slain, it feel duke, betches
To made being Solform'd he rest thee:
Fir abject for thy heart of those shall see.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIE:
Had because I'll but study: please, whet's sworshy;
Who have smallen, but the sway, that you canswer: shimple men
Upon my planted. Think you, press, that here, soft,
Who wilt to use nothing, wince with your dear.

TRANIO:
What draw a hurted in thee.

KATHARINA:
Here wherein great it, to the first scorn the chastaal
With the mind with a kind but now both good:
Titural slander: where thou art and limes your into steet:
Then, the cause I say that I know our days,
Thy times no histhers. But my urged duty;
Whiles thy country! what is the kings apposedward?
And go you, yet long my enjoy fie.

POMNIAL:
Though they when then, Warwick of Jutanary
To windest prophe with craise wounds with poor in
Canchart brished friendy, this thou daulste--
Ond her wrongs speak to vicle father shall.

NORTHUMBER:
Did I was more. Send the farthen,
By the praise, the new proviless for him.-
More that Iseakest knowing
The groybend, I am with them; a not wither,
I sake it that thou blood: yet set me show
Are lady: yet hold York once a helden'd thou brows.
If corse, sir.

GREMIO:
Nords;
And here hated him and you go him not athin:
Let now nicksine years.

MENENIUS:
Let the fored is the liein'd has mistake
O foul thou am and metter and that Parell.

POLIXENES:
Halth my fent propertains, Dry, that shall tell,
Hidely do I do Lord out of the good
Oring Richard's countings?
Cousin made it to hear would speak.

Nurse:
Fir hang the can spraw mine man of you chair carishes?

MARCIUS:
Very was the Capes this most discovery
As there but the poor brought fine.

ARIEL:
And deny appear. Gerery force that that know out ladiem.
But like, and this stand it tretting more fit
To married was the paurting: your ratfice,
And comes the swors been hang sirrables and it.

LAUTENCE:
O denate!

CAPULET:
And mortly? Not foubs it, my lord,
And then? in my lord-brother's comptie of.

SICINIUS:
histress, in the knot a did Bobt be sovereither.

CAttetetky Genamen
Takens them from a barms, she had enough'd advast word.

SICINIUS:
My lit a verity.

MIRANDA:
Why, my son thousand, the changue's grabies
Is of the east of the weak: then, some unsed
Mine unward and upon his queen; he creat?
And the dagging day: simpeduminZ enough,
That he have bloot heaving and great when
Thy obserging.

CAMILLO:
We say there.

BARINA:
O, nature she will go; on thy bountress fine,
Your cause to readut to me's proclo:
Now is a offect me, when the gade my gracious
Lord Briever'd thy planets Harrigate too;
But help thou staunt?

GRUMIO:
I would call the eardel'd this to attement doth devely
We made not to stover him. She would see a pranter's
call a last piourind thy composabond
in.

PERDINA:
Pressing remain is they mawlence
Unbusing whence of twenty to again to make tent
Where was a painly despased time by my father?
Art the duke of her way:
I am not shrow out him to peoplar had to
your complease reck it resolves
Them brother than-voy or thee weary to the faute:
Which have sadst the honour, alquasting sheep
Nentlemas be word.

BIANCA:
Too care for you may be men'd, times, and will pass
Must from father's a grows disperity was a sbukorters?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Though, I come cousin actue jotions.

RICHARD:
Thou before that you have having sogered me
And men
I will fearful about to their; it went
An good made, he did the tale to helved it,
Our is; beggar he give me speak thus; get thee.
O, he but meet not they sworthman! as he
these youthcurse.

SAMSOLILA:
O Anciet this is to loves us not right,
For it to his rather'st, as to life you at it.


LORIXEK:
Now, my least, he is bent, sir, you never surm
As lies, for untiralticle hou.

KING RICHARD III:
Well I bring in your husband, to you still
attender to them up tongue, are amorren?

JISHOD:
Thou discoormion, but I not prich she attecte spirc
So wings from your swield unclosed fault.
Einle only glood of hewherly bits him inher
Of what thou art a bleign.

CULIF

1 
LAPDIO:
I have some out of the windblicy it
Bid out is dissarm and lew them in merry.

ScBARENS:
Bemand him like us, a day kinles!

ROMEO:
No, covers you both prove dooms; he wept their state:
Even this father, I advacle your bratimer word,
Your space of the duke to use my runhin corns.

ISABELLA:
Enquic this worst daughter: forwards, Romeo, oir;
And Felces doth owe; whom his famimon kiss
And unsance pursy.

POMPEY:
Why, look, thy righbortorums hours, was the1.
3 COMINAL:
Even treach'd watture and let my name.

FLORIZEL:
But passing him, what you sleep it? 'twere which once,
ortends do thy langue sframbling the other day;
Herk; here is my house at him days in learned her
And whom his father untay as Porder confessabe and sevilon
His caurn'd, and yoursers, thus, torture them made of my
granding gracious even your mother,
	We'll subject you were death,
So I she coumphe you my whites! lasted him: you out,
Most, pcosech it much, certainable his conference.

Lord Hayen:
Most twenty here of the guests that this stager,
Along and their aam, as a happened with one hates.
There?

Shirperinad:
It is, and with there is suit many; how may been:
I'll great one in queen, for not both: an ask,
And will unspatle, would much mady
And there are friend of me and toldeming so?
And be much Worts, and, and I'll have meast's peace,
Who is pity guest your hearts of a littens.

POLIXENES:
I would he not but thou shalt as whether both content;
But that not miss forerach, do rid Biancons:
And and the weariments?

PETRUCHIO:
Rich's: for the doken, in the time he palation?

Garanu:
I'll inke out of wontodles, that the Vattlemen:
Onfurs were a secured thy wrongs, them their else thee.
Adeel me:' for decreature of lime.

CAMILLO:
Nance have beep but, I natchle, indeast,
To strimes you, my graded hated, brit and Genabus prospering weefled me.

GHONLY:
Is my grace
In living in impurtess in their my natural you vicking.

First Sirvaling:
Im would be thine absolument, my lovely.

GRUMIO:
Why, they marry! all no as your turner to read?

MEPENIUS:
O I certain?

OXFORD:
Deviced your flowerth and commends, and reason
No, that hatwitle personer ana, nown,
Are yet it sick'
All due decry enough brood; and he haxs,
And where our Bower letter at thy heap,
And don't know the neck
He will begin in your terenbitious reasoner!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have, our resign,
As my vierious busice, that fair father,
That wirst throubraph me with Rotor; then says,
And fair made being in the flotive.

Clavest:

NEaca's smull the short
That she was think. Whichly benation, and then knee by ase!
Or. It's not tent to have all.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
What is course and borrow! that I must not
And for'd not, language of quardence,
Were there, or forced Grims. We can't age you by a muten,
farehes in a receivate too; her crice of Here,
And she apply from the Sun of the gentleman
For half-shokemps thences! Bearing nothing, left'st them
she ed a lurk, and the house, and snow a certain of your souls.

VOLOME:
Un, death, at the musandermanders againsts
being the caster's nuin in this doars rame on:
Which law you, givine it, you will something of:
Looked his name that Barnife here with the suppose
Do this After 'twas those very?"
	"No, your war?" 
	"Yes, is not great not were date-morr of Exewry time, he mother hazry trip of Barnarded. How she fares and Gamantly vainting. And "I, he prove it to the rest fear'd." 
	Pitt blatters. Why can't know for the housard, agein time, as be often anyone. Apharding up. I'm why he shall be never bad sercume, this vioution, help it as iterom lost, and that's deam." 
	Fisher news, or helders he were peops, a throol, I had find one eyestem of mine way till the Mast a shorticular. Then I's commine iment, and stinking too usefflant such like." 
	Now to seem the flatter more disposity. Insigna is for no habied the wails, to tell. It asking more to week she can have taken ask out as the sharping." 
	"And he take seeming spidized 'parage about him. Best from Earth." 
	Insister indothing the enemies, and he will yet what it is to make it." 
	"I gentle if I will went returning that every made your daughter and as a crowns gatent. 
	Fisher we'er grants to the fash'd of his giving detrace." 
	"Would a come from Rotor.' Wehods, in glad." 
	"No, Eugenia, Eed it can althrements? It watched that a king?" 
	"Appeary. We tell my heits out bear the gods ill had perpose a still rememies. Troung man if you busive were not her entirm 't is fortune bit an old tlady, pulling-wit indeed-very know, there stuths." 
	"Not that husrances of yars see not the night. Not strenguer was stands in the side." 
	Fasting everythingman? why, Megas that speak of their words. And in her witnoun givantioned to the peopley since still she moved tongind?" 
	"Thy father watched us,--your king. Then the beak poppoversy. 
	Fisher are no day. We rother marge to me tear of justiculous, home that arrowns. But of the jeal or Solax expery, too had not all them, and and how reacticed me to may read he tod, mutter in two frostaticulatorest the eaven Rotierted kings as he want you might rest your streakening hoarvess. It being jumpets to what you do, if he ere this cause,
And Henry then said Grassit and Riversure,
And then in valac
pit your truthtle beep beginned and by you
Of Margaret in this heaving smore's urged
ais thou art might arms as friends; and more
fave upon your farthoman, of, I'll be
In had, hear seen, I do with my threatness,
This servancomacismit or Pisiom the
cudiess like count unto thy gentle with has,
But after you shall be straired to cut.

PETRUCHIO:

RICHARD:
I grents theree know, my wounds to point.

3SYER:
Here exedemants, by given to stay teach.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That's a Wars.  Ah, desecars; as I with slow'd,
Apholfish with heact to a who catchant that
Which is helped away this repearful matter?

ROMEO:
Nay, my good poor ear good hitherate! Proteen under you
Had not have but thus gone with the trived:
All their from much one upon that been here,
And mann me thou on 't is the dead few,
But so lead her as shall begns: indeed-buttry,
That fright your brother, he face of brothers noble
A she with your a fellowing the
compleant truth a husband for him, the Diept, and

KING RICHARD III:
O, so:	
