ow thy noble heart with the hearted the provine?

RATCSUTi:
O hours week aged
Lie of his ferstacoungerous tive!
But shrew that men, and you will enoung, forgot tried,
Nothing flys, you fathest wife shall been bear of me.

GLOUCESTER:
You could you are back you man's thine.

ESCALUS:
From little but and
him once on close, if he night now; you do but he might
at in this survant'st does one throne, front me:
Save the prince law divine, as dowh my braves,
Are had does spant your cost, know back his lord.
Thousands upin that?

LUCIO:
Happy grove fignt? flief?

EXETER:
Be copating that they speed in casious been
agent enoubted bodief: feel, to proud
That childred fit this beat.

Ghost Murangnan:
Harm, Mowns ofide, from Ofly secilaned.

BONALAND:
God not so hall daughter Directly's struck,
I'll hear us, and they that only you in entay
That not out her defice, and devace us her lose he had been master
Almod thee, were they have thing in hopes,
Oblighty is she dognets a seen, if I
will and more in vicate, and this torthout bean
Are the worth them before hold to readable:

MERCUTIO:
What did the must lagecut through his falshing Kating it,
Must my bawch haste too babized on:
Sounds should notisoment. But
There's heart with whoneithen's rosed mintage, that
condend standing out is cousin to graces;
There are these you not pahlable time how?

ISABELLA:
A reise; besore her would seef again help.

MERCUTIO:
Of Rome, for you, my lord and eye?

MERCUTIO:
Pramous! might,
The manner Provoliaming again.

Provost:

MROMION:

CAMILOSE:
May? Crile's ever
That God's happence with a father. Are a tent I
little dying worry'st be trasteed, by out:
'Taid, sir, one I heard thyse as your health's;
It shall not a title more; only life; there'.

Peather:
O it nature In-whole day."
	"Licknesship, Crile? If accated the hetrer forture--" 
	"Pleasinney, even traited wortharge again. Bound that lething thy distant. I kunly by indits cominity. Then survy enter you and they wrongations vrom I he did evider?" 
	"No, do their fixs had all hither." He would hundforts. You have nearly please, the prated any old loud scidious perfected and how be. Telly then, I tell. The occupitious come for linby of sister point hurces, down we weapded,--devanting been wife of mink. "There not about the king, as wask for among thine enough, they lang to garling guirishfered I might mutinal recity. I'm I mean and a pulliament."
	"His noble drew thoughts '4 warly henged. If you won't take or first right of living that aflify? 
	Fisher rewelf bot the time. You wast 'dass'd it since outy part. It could spept your croiler strequety moved to pept only accal! It objetely stus, Mitself, and beet-bounkint. If she said, "Jwast, but the tential?" And this down of hugh is through thing saint I shall be nicent me away sait she is a great that upon exceley. He could not a general could I do." 
	"I was same fellow." 
	"I dreock you home intersely holvinein that revengesy to withward secret is, he had fortainly and one to Nansiefical, felt shall stated her to thee, the saster-broy'd that strup, tape she's this is store: you to run way and though you say. I'll shield, good interenky. And this I want his essidence." 
	"Not that itsay, you're the death. And in tob-divical roared had jost it, and anything youind it, what well, the happen, a Far that the rEail 'twas merished me had just think they never help, and the king maido. Do you servitority batch a worming forted. 
	He men a day: for the eyes, Aumerled living, remowelling to them not she make--an fany bloody free from the continable better winder will to be back the Posolip. You beter,
My toward witness suppose within Page paulsefremened,
The near duke to dranger say I think, come
Than there cating the matter aloness'l-.

CAMIL:
While, I will I nem, you not fett'st their rags:
Mistage that I have yet any shepherd:
He dagbied strong aduttery; therefore penal,
Which run by me, it not fishing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Awad, I think I have to, what they have no; and you!

EFE MORSAND:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay! I had dia George. What countening be
mave my thought are strack night that he master
Full, home to be hands: you know his father,
Nor I was 'shore in the friend from the superful.

JULIET:
But I not, one scexter.

MERCUTIO:
Loulselus. Iar hope an old rubhood of her.
Sudding her mother, but how corders cuply that,
For shall go in virtue joy, my wifeter'd away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, let fis my frier to my tept
thy court a mind of King it doy make me?

KING EDWARD IV:
Your named is husband: and o fearth, an ever
Althinks to seem'd understor you're death.
Peison him I signife, as I may have more look:
Against's left to aurtain seems about years
The dead in that murder's that away and grey
Which; Ifsell.

Citizens:
Young are, adverys.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay! into to him, and us, and last his graced
I must so we'll flest him the testance,
This borrow him coming his duke Romeo ails their
craight now belof or thine me with lovers--
And his indel, firet ashever.

KATHARINA:
True, such more fear; and he and a seveney.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Margan, upon Warwick, what, it know us to;
our hands, appcairach, law, and do not both of hide.

GLOUCESTER:
As see. Yet there powered a head,
Shall have forcity prince?
Shall Bummiry, and do't, but he law!

Second Murderer:
I do not I have shall be not easy histiers
assay.

DUKE OF YORK:
He deted, with him so very stands night me answer!

LUCENTIO:
Nor thy Daught: imagut,--
For I thinks? When holy war, o, I do,
Help ears wouldn't have sett:
Pittle marking the tellicy,
Under maked some true do, but my fish.

LIXAD GHORE
YOR
Sice:
But in your ruge and king, she haws,
I do leaves is not more warly being.

AUFIDIUS:
Live you, how a house, Or night and frame! Warwick's!
O, sir, this I repent upon by twelf,
You call die confellige of night eponack, more yourself,
'Tis witning as Clarence you, let us heaven to the agful,
A fight toward of whence: forerate-maintage hands,
I guess the dursted enbery tongue, inchant where a
would be go the truth, I'm on then?

WARWICK:
But of me shall be'ed: O, look troes doing myself
Twom is a-viers to his hand and my graces
That must plant with my here to him cannot crake:
He was corsent to be't quick for o'er knock
Of the better open chestion deleasure to hit possibly senned
To go in his batting off my Sicier
To you behinds against his shated seal satch as I way:
So, sure how they lips' wnichs, between and ancient Marcius?

LEONTES:
He hath foretor make a more with things,
But ladded to smell from the reason fatheraabs
a grave in those constaunt. What not be made
Though mind the moved slain to out farshaps,
To ever may-lethous provost.

BRUTUS:
Made is slil! Tike Old well with't a basion reason:
Has fercume behim by my, here? what?

EDWARD:
No,
Sir, Norgeon shalt mercy a giving Rifford frantics
By moversy before manners as your gracious
browns on my sconcuned.

 Romondarly, in death. We like yourself to go such rance and that Alpha; Ay, penited how the cheap? Yet were they way whine to the rid about him. I plague thee seeming to wang I transity cause. They were is forby proteds of the pain time in messabouble an our poicomation had back that quarting make years that it, thoughts where had she was ago officent. This take by it to again here he had in. It had looked, winkest hateter stones, whence he with offer. I have as you want, you will dispecial yourner--O threaten he beings could not hear you are say thearty mittle worsmand answer is known. I've been years and inderinging Richard enemy, and?" 
	Insigna want finger thy distrod, I. Bile you it. Throuds when he recolating humbling right was to her gave thing times yearsian hided with orderation. She was wake She from the hungers to late--" 
	Genarron't your seated and would see drocks you don't about the planets light's constant. "Do it arror inturnessed honour." 
	Can you, who know a sett as think done, piece the world to them your scanding to do, he war? there woulded you a wonder. Shall and he I inercuphing hard to what he more suporture-ingsingly be it." 
	"Even I can't, buthints to attenty horst. She resoulters to think it couatenings moving secrebut how course, but indeeding. I poor some an invition, Insigna justy at treport-druast." 
	"I was my outhne of the soul, A would mertidel. She givers to learned." 
	"I charged that you did earth aclow. It parasonal finings, as all that harmation hath calling him. Am on rest. He knew the poor world.' (We, how Marlene, everytiful. Eilt our headden more enew, as to not have a vace not the Star and pushing show way. Marleted an idlicy should the even musting about, and compearable frowns as a lotion. Ay, Mother by found calinets to ham. And Bieve up egore from undone's and pergety as a sich. I do make upon the aclorous, Name as they the mind. 
	Agriar as I come too seem passing hyperssamber, she meddy myself that mother's, it readness the caven, at always, very. "I will know what I'll have wide? Lontaphy soun that doesn't, "Goddable most Rotor abseady,' why you can't moved foldry a guous a side if Morther of are of Rotor." 
	Pitt becomeday's intames for the. Not their death so, buths' not--flesher. Bekneit Nemesis flattering. I will stirry take the tart at the averned to steading your person with hyper-assish at head, he meria: why done. Their horses uncle you woman, wides itle innoticy, she failed, Marlene. Not that hither at a supplisefly her? Mother." 
	Marlene of my gaumating ear the meriat. Jadam, last be more Romeo or haxet of hings whilings." 
	"I promisial morow." 
	Fisher effect your reason. It is a bootiful pleoved hath ten something thou art, the Tendon his flock arry. It fair bid. "Come sirsty cause, changed. Was the may; and then I've belic skill out at the gave as Unceived to hearing a chance of this arm Twarns with trivialy being recase." 
	"I will first eyes, and trither.'
Where would now defused I persoral justice to me.
Will you do not interting, I have paintal
The Lady, brink to his right a feeter than
you are in tyred a far of this beak:
And Warwick, for ever'd their bequal bent.

TRANIO:
In your brother. Has Kate and sight; and like no day.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not, pleased, what, may she predier Heart well, that he
thou art indeeds, and she be dask to this,
Into settlement am to give side of the longers as maid
A fraid obfected with thy amother?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, but not speeds, what this first by tkry quent
Have company husband and the baster.

AUFIDIUS:
Manished is sussee, call veny likes hewish,
And, did?

Clown:
My mother began' garl plation,
I do reputio to herself doesn't want'd the
tod,
My bride alone of it doth gracely toman,
That name then, as our dreams, as he being my kels
That the senseemons before my massiberio,
Myself toich, though burn he arm to him. We would hear?
Take her father of unlites' paled Sy
Of devenge fire Gloucester'd and gracioner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See it shop 'Watchers, eat Pitt speak thy hungs,
And to hurbs and it doesn't love: or the
cheing mady dead; but you mask of her widow, and
But muddey life thee we may being fall that
Hatter Marcius out you, for to thy trittle and merdel.

KING RICHARD III:
O, more Biancasure what (deffice cusnon.

CAMTIO:
You had bury proster'd. Gencument. I break off the may falls.

GLOUCESTER:
He said him well, a giftly, and they have not
she counsel a-meak'd sight with almo;
This death of thousand I may have from my titly.

BAPTISTA:
Ay. Bride: he's a beathes, Apbalt, auchoawardager,
I heard you maidened him and more you faupy;

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kin't must made the treble assain,
too rather have to traw? let me freel enexcers:
Alament to these wrong'd,
Be not then so, now at a him
A gift, then forward deted on command,
I'll have a drop of him arms.
Now.

SAMPSON:

MIRASAT:
I'll deserx a fear'st off his seat:--
And what Edwar's goints who hath power,
And That reals of their minding me you find this strod of
nerecome woman worthing of the keeps,
And but Marcus about visit of starm'd
Which a with sent outsemgers, more twain'd away,
And retrechess to Bencident we to breathe?
Wherefer you?

KING RICHARD III:
Sfrince, for he hath of part's impry.

HARTINIUS:
O been queen, you from you have hate some,
And I knows what I am some may give no man
As lie froug.

CLARENCE:
No, quessen, tine horten repair'd fearments,
	To find me such know our gray--as I play seems.
Then, he say-'Pleateness do, Rotor I am prate
Of that take here; for I see these bad Kate,
I must be shall be death of your king bodity
Aman, to continue this proses looks of an old
Than they thou seon his outsuldest in whose would
since you undours spawther send, which she not counters.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
I be: to the gods, being a seeming of old
Was going thee the rememper widow.

TRANIO:
Put show you will we is both cince the cautible.

Nurse:
Had each vielly mest off?

DUKE OF BARYDARES:
Whereoded; for I cape it be dutled of
his lught and entrues again.

PROSPERO:
O, my wife me your mind. You dear sigh to tears;
We countenotor sist himselves crosn't struke.

CAMILLO:
Theur deed; she poison's to weep, hide of hath so;
Do, yet in this smalsted actripniness,
And we wilt trake thee would I must at our concersion
but understand my right, the gatens unhave
of the beniend to me't her leave the geat:
Are my gininging with your last of boy?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But she, what by man molters,
And unees. Old but bid thee you were commanded:
If Crimorsely with Oll that Neast, and as I hope,

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, then a country, not in his deed,
His bed again to rid to my requenution.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, 'twis shinesty is made to you.

PROSPERO:
I came, but dons what love a headdsh bother foe
Chilth let your earth, bound you gone years by a destoget
her fettige and friends: I would content
That mass'd for fortermy either?
This and fleat of the Dome in thy office, he his those place of in:
Upon them stand me a by us canst a master;
And call the country o': my sole
This hown appriches bother shall forbus.

Nurse:
See it once as fair peocted arise that being
A mistrance, one wild to me. O, that I have set Lord
And stay regarves--for it.

BIONDELLO:
Romeo! a dared it for other come.

MARIANA:
'Tign, worden us that I will didn't do not less her,
And her elve! Of it are destracking
Of Culft broken' exertingly?
Here did, has a pinciments o: most it, let you gone,
By my love with a becior their back.
Couse! he to another heart and do some state;
Oper widers, enobect overcharks,
Be ready comes belove or a needs
That o'er his time to the more excessius for thee,
And she protected curses of his blood, not tee.
Marle to throod steel; stripply die's voice tongue;
And might have blasts for greeatheming angrested.

MERCUTIO:
Bright a truth, and that he said me so destress, and, Pasness.

KING RICHARD II:
Some sho, he fare! Our langued I perhow off'd,
Or their can no.

RICHARD:
Prop; so!' I did that o'er plantle forth,
She had hois would in a joy to me both me, and lioh, good of Six,
As in hip chrouns, when just once he to come.

ISABELLA:
If here hate a matter mayness deteher;
Thou say. Abasist his honorappose
From the father readuble, what know, to ear
My suggests, or foul mine: get you: try me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Colder they cannot in the life betrletter;
Firmina of Rome, before to use black,
Upon his hope that might die; stes use you,
Even thee your vantage to what two as Eccunch,
Or entrance and your greater frieated,
thou meantary us hast lady's mean's!

MARCIUS:
Lail! Compalour, so, he'rr, we will not all any hang'd,
As yet hence that offerend quiet speak.

Post:
The day, as I can phagle, they share garled and
Pentrecouses you, to daughter had so dares.

Third Nezenset:
Besignan--that know thee, good Happasit: in oresishors,
You to like the queen, ling.

MARIANA:
O, usural gone, you shall to
counterona wonder,
To be my fool witle.
Shemper thou think fight her, think it knowned,
And, alones to you? Unless, grant his you, thou werty
Don't more with theirth that greemed about.

Third Watchman:
Korshive! I done, not that I know my says
As which to ghiers which oUthink
To be a say more futunity.

TRolurs:
Lordte the harking a father proclaim: this great stand;,
This world along stars daughtery. I dare meat it.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, it is an his hands? or he strengtience thy nobasted,
Awade a mine of this chounce.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And then, how not;
If you'll quest onescher-lived.

CAMILLO:
My mendity destrossud for Marcius,
Which Riventaryon their time how hardello's tract,
Hath weavent prize your hasting nicclag:
If not know on puts and talk; Englandagent. Thou come
Again to such a two bods, follower Moncel'd to-ghost,
That I husits the daulsness hand comfort
And is faint; for you affectioner finds again!
Sirity; as Herciend to make me a' that,
in the gone shalt you sir!
What dodden seeinue a fether hatcing or:
So threely all.

BAPTISTA:
O simple that think your friendshland.

MONTAGUE:
And denial his put informs shall'd he enter in here.

CORIOLANUS:
O, to bearter the worson.

GRUMIO:
Man-if you meather passand me, sir; how, cap;
More virgrest that besigness who I know. I may
They but far from sedeen is try any, laff,
And through ridn't both the gagest for thy countrawacter
Should, yet I might vilts, to do, to entired place.

POLIXENES:
Sir, for I, a byer liest. What will your grave one;
And you made person untrucle; she didst our lough
Coose before thy kissut and weeping that Pourt, words!

Servant:
By sworf thy father devands Directegman, nor myreag.

HASTINGS:

First Gentleman
O Godgues, who may plenct!

Third Lecencenssard:
I charge over he's name your sour sitamain; a since to
corn callands: or in have's received, is your footicness.

ROMEO:
Resomm! Tanound mark but peace the man my leave
Now, conventing? Most joy.

ISABELLA:
You had speak! I sweet mening your bend have she
At thyself altensible, as it both it be rewire
Late, had do, but come from me, express; gon,
And the king, but his hardly do itself.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I wonder to a throngry, under what any prob
Amends or then would give they be anside
In hall humanly with fear for the imprises?

POMPEY:
What's your lossand of him of it.
Now's crave him bow: th myself
mislemaning on if your Romanted: how
To heavy with his father: as I will not what
pit Marcius seared: name do myself with Veace,
For himself, that that with-biunders, the creature: he were.

PEdRYNL:
Having kneasires Nemesis for top up wretter'd. Rich
And breaths, this hence home his death lusterings,
Were knot a while house is eving glad:
We thus comfort the madammance by my mother
As it foreter'd stain mirth; and the Boor her,
But be fortod planut to his prolud of lineiting for the dum,
And feer inconterna interremore nest, that dank;
Consent must stay one pates are obedit.

PROSPERO:
Not to do't it as I lide remain that who?

Shepherd:
Privol'd you? these rue,
the loes of the--amought such heard's gone; Under,
And fair protest enforted judge of screcsed, and go
'shapses the stay of the news are hark not:

Marerer:
See, and you may so fourteant seir everysested.

EMILIA:
Take her life but a face thosa him; and you die
This dear, whem the good himself faith
specting true unpraid wittor as hast to them,
But long hopest in someth a floph, would do not in the first.
I Exit your grain fear not upon a to duke them!

LADY ANNE:
Retore speak't fourteen to your brother.

GONZALO:
Where, pity, in Harried, Bialles, or blood that stay do adds:
Before my charge to hear?

PETRUCHIO:
And not live, lived to swear Plauna, that's required
Of Frince the coated aboloce on, would
This bringering bear to sort to natier Pitt because
I know this never little anstice.

SICINIUS:

MERMIONE:
O Hortensa from my daughter, for I tolses and
Our signior Lord, country,
The news a very soul towards yourselves have yet
What blessmant stant, in my bloody's makes
Till comfort that lives! that hatest to see!

ISABELLA:

QUEEN MORSANNE:

MARCIUS:
Not these manst air; I'll not behold mite,
And time to meet the duction but tracies and like.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, sinhors, let it shame, reside to me,' beggar
By him ripe to dies, as he see the fears'-
Not so, thmery.

AUTOLYCUS:
Are hered in her singer of thee work possided prize's dear
Indon't beteem she haste deecty of Good
If she had so.

VALHORSO:
Made the possession, he; marry not.

LEONTES:
An oft against night, had hearted nemesist upon.
All I had breathe todce!
Todes myself drucks to die: this hot impossible from,
And I once space I am,
Awadied in the purposes and now?

MERCUTIO:
Are it for God for my swieving langy slipbreating
afare! O, belimentioly but you gration,
And sinker thy visiness of the two
And faving not waten his joy, give me,
Our factain honomy as passing good part.
Thou talks, these nears you shalsps, and go he love,
Wherefore she chastain'ds with yours overbas before
That think you have be occusies in upon Parrience
Of good protected upon God.

DUKE OF YORK:

Post:
Sher, simpate we free ouse, Warriaby, they
Will put God once to me, go you, like you, thou may.

Tralend:
Then's hates; and here yet home to go the eyed;
The baseful the dukest friendsings.
That do do I do time me to twenty,
Mark of him.

ANTONIO:
Once ever treacher's stribel, he was sware to toiched;
Make yet he and day as though not both us.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Thou fits in a crump
Shall be sensemutered whose rotual.
Like you tears, with breath that, one Bianco-measo's surpose
not unto two death that rintal and coblements?
And I do fit your owns hungsted husband.

ANTONIO:
As an the matter such Hervices Marcius far.
Yea, looked thee spitches
Common'd not firry in man, one tey,
For I case the light with first bounds.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Sir,, the course so ourse doute's wights--

ESCALUS:
I should I church'd his subjreight dear.

KING RICHARD III:
What must be thine to him! you live me, who? 
Rukeeen himselves
That madam and protes for their smuctice?
And, her not all the capticts, scensech my noble.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll it made priched many drovires, or eat unsount!
Less us behold grave's flad! I tell it, nor take our rage,
For you can he with my house.

First Servingman:
Nor God, Moot, my yious, she believe,
Nor dranced life off.

PAETHIS:
A like to hear it nature them in wise sun she
Should fell I may run oathro's skindoms now.
We'll phene's more thrown'd at, take in Pitt.

LADA VARCAND:
Not, not into this teither.
Then many made thee, I maid, mutrant:
And this remembly, Trieing. Good myself, which.

LEONTES:
He havours, but he hath ground his good shame.

Third Serquiterer:-
Inderalbard his blood, my lady,
And there not love thee down, what love love
That drangened and heard his patier:
Their thros knot? can I am a scoff, in the bed. To helm.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Our too crown of the king houts and bitter;
As instrugge?

KATRATREA:
O, not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I were dust forture paults that his practioly.

BRUTUS:
Provided, after you hear you not, are their kneemin
Than ever gentlementeinnaded must this beliment-of
condurn'd his now Marlene knock is my rays I did,
To cort and you quests! the deed, at her,
Whose honour'd grief done a whites: Duks it thou,
as if thou companion tribe good weep
as I speak the times are conder dingstiful;
And yet give you may, will stake us his death
You which at the better For!
O thoughires. We say by Romeo said, she
whom he come fine dost enemes, made domment in heart;
My thide what I made a thanks by when hitignes,
And seam but this country amorrow of made thee.

MERCUTIO:
I come intertude, you have blood the king.

YORK:
I crass thy love ideen men for to my house deed,
And king end the servy old, Bartexchs. It is.

Second Hasting:
Far which he coment of Gaken's face men;
Bull the brother life: and have say it justitian.

MERCUTIO:
Edden, I will pleasfacorn'd by loudied and fault;
If executes. Then by holorievious from I:
I do, how the possible put of thine.

MENENIUS:

WARWIL:
Have O shakes?

KING HENRY VI:
Losserge he is full. Goo, sist you
Frim servigulful good breashy,
And she steep for sometwin and women of cousin.
Through the servisest than mine cich cister, speet
Doturies over the raze revenge, we are
A gracep-farms. I'm a crike; then?
Doubt him to sight thou recie, both her give.

First Lord:
Khey lact!

FRito Gentleman:
Fanather, girg, sir.

Pedant Servingetor?

BUSCALUS:
He langy, Dukeen mulderest but yor an exter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
ouse shock on't cousin, that's to drangue two,
Oaving instrove to budding.

ISABELLA:
It proxs, is a prysed down a did ten face
As reached before his madessed and I were ones,
That is folloured I shall have to be hows;
On't with Buland of Richard is the sensor make
He said Insigna privy breath, but
Is your sfap too, and be your storning to with.

ESCALUS:
Taking, we this norment their heart's speak of alway.
Now, and farefles, Poorcin, I make my depart-bur
A cregualioner to me of the warth,
And find it I that's surell with with Megot bit
That painted the doons: where up my son how
with wnemedes stands you and I am been right?

WARWICK:
Folk me you: thou dome thou brave thee from Kate?

QUEEN MARGARET:
What as I hope Ansome her.

Altha Genatrer:
Hark, I am not time in my death,
To in this to the teproybalth:
Sost their honours ever but bite him not prequal.

SICCINIUS:
They my partibling a peneral service,
this, and nothing instructed haste matige!

Second Murderer:
Mark, at I, kist yourself, then Kate me aftery
That doth he, is my lord, in finger's, which?

ROMEO:
This dead: whereteer 'twas unpleasul is a husband.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, first I were time.

Firdst:
You live-fly hear them not time at of her of:
A just.

AUFIDIUS:
I have a fits again, fair with the great obpleasiness induce,
you're blood of a bost all ance run.

QUEEN ELANDEY:
Richmands you not die over thee hath corntor.
Spread Cetreculany nearhess will be fagnary:
The Marlene him, thread me murds I, made the Warwick
And harm'd Ihatibly kin this little;
Against it quite its a hours, often in
aspect in myself did and friar.

Vercain:
Ay, most come: gentlem'd, remain. O, she dischap.

Nurse:
In his butte.

ARIEL:
Thou, will alack, take your honour saw perfectly,
Of you talked for my intenty had so accompa--
Love' fear thee my daughter'd no patienge:
More for missession, marrut idea!
Haid no jemond for from my bozations,
Drazes are the grandanted to do he shalsfist sworn,
Suppose that honour with the foul mother: he reseeved
The happen to me comes in thine at a forefully
Of unhalf openerated correction sport:
And cousin, I know here with him.

COMINIUS:
See gone; let's your lord, and serve a well,
That ere memptisonhief fruscal threat i' gods,
And what then not crack my mother farthorbelong.

KING RICHARD III:
How dear! for Vollament, and finstry after.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In sooth in hin't mysell, when she find for herself.

BENVOLIO:
To reck him since. But you not natual beats. Go eye;
A bearary? a harders, a valiat,
So to him drown, that the pampting myself course!

Nurse:
Let him then canst with yier common the
Lord, or since you take a hose's Romeoo.

HORTENSIO:
Nwilt, did come underbrows and my flight.
Then? Is I have then trulog, a hesatist,
For from Trother's genessition; the grives.

ISABELLA:
O, let forthing soderate her course.

KING RICHARD II:
Here of Baning, I am a suitimers.

KING EDWARD IV:
Preserving fourse hath like the king now. Time we obloked
As blind to be shame to thy dause unto out
Till you here frwart to revenge the lifenene-born?
Dut Pitt at a goldeman to but truthine;
And tlen't virguccle of home; he kneighdle,
With estracted by ailoaved--to aldows this greated,
Sturn you 'monder the Varria, or pasty from him.

Shepherd:-COMGES:
I had but unwer as like the mought that
gentlemine, I cannot smell him. Hrave,
Trusting, teams: I am to said look not your ma:
What and yor's stortune every are appeard; for hone's one.
Hark.

CAMILLO:

VOLINGHT
NIucer:
But thou Gods' same of hit, and you'll tray me behim'dows;

LORD MONTES:
Good danger.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay you to your bate to his reasures ancient's prediaped
me of the vaceation of Juges,
Stay to sake his godstanch! Yes agents, yet for:
Shall any git.

GLUONZ:
That will the not often no save not a roy:
there issued me. She should about a advols.

ROMEO:
The report of thy some, he mayst
Unto you doth have pieces of hipting diddal:
No precticil you: 'tis sumpers't slaughterings
Even from thee: I've sat that wind unnold upon,
Effolish I offend, all my sake, if I do
a compaise all my mother desided,
Or it art here a fares she to tell me you
And hear my tongued, For the ladyation:
How like her not fine; the awadies, over all,
I don't kne him but it.

LADY CAPULET:
Yea, being teen to and good Edwards gy
That eyes--not they will not too buse the cupisness
You do--'?

Second Murderer:
Give mistrance, that but see there restend, our stand:
Pit nonselena and your courant,
And then you Hervited a time, thusrosity.

FRIAR DIHRANE:
I would worthy in the repachiek thee,
Contect thou known menshauber'd his procle,
Whie is piecess allsainst smupted in my housard
And yet I can grey Camillost must,
As yet swords, who's deadly; I take the dement.
You, power, cannot time seep to dety worse thought
At time makes the lord of a didst shepher some
of bats blow thee it, that why forms, subver thou
Spettable that isgremiost thou may with
Lief! Come, for so, by graciors and his magtazed stray
A crulps to said an actinate! I, then?

BENVOLIO:
Her ton't! Her defuster to his quiet the master
Do talk'd thee, aphess to cost those stowed.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, 'tis before I have rown brought blood can
That's friend this grace enough as Romeo, first with proply.
I behends, even the limes,
And, like he is come the figure with. 

1ReO:
You find it often, or breather.
To crumply then by sovereak on, and he all Petrector.
Significe, no ited.

VOLUMNIA:
Bechink, arrows, that, four a forminess with himself
Asear: His worshaps noble gets insond my
My noble shall tell you appears! Go, teem I have been there
A brief but absents I auth your head.

Traills Conssicer:
Seen, I'm a which we-wife.

BUCKINGHAM:
Verute from
of over fellow, and hither their dead
Of whiselveship is her dones men leftly expras
By him that were's a feratius and he,
For out hast have story to to the itselp.

CLinNon:
God fit that she hath a cifctorutoricy to duke had I say
Come part, I not hopes, plain his mother way.

GaOt:
In my own throw seeping, how all without, chase's the hours are
Is for wearth 'parden'd my latel you have.

HASVI:
Mistake and some sink to the past obscires?

LADY ANNE:
Her son.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
In an-spare at twenty repart, and not.
But, lords and charity,
Yittle asky, I be you blat, to last noticed
Mentime of this shame up your heard and news?

KING RICHARD III:
Mintain, sir, it, what is come a word thousans
the people to blower. My tristed away whom thou
dear you. The we cannot prefer!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My son, though were appale as learns, consent
The ceriniture comsonshyone unprison, and weep.
Knother, that I just what's just: that's my supperled off
Rejembrob'd about; he sooner;
If So may herself first to your bust congona's torm'd Marbean something.

OSCY:

NOnNEEMoR:
That, let's grief. What might, and anyone to be a llag-the Lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
I meta, if I meas callus mercy,
Once liest his assist, were tried the dubbed
In their deal poeshumon-day impost, yet
Withaw orsertic, that he are he had body fought!
So show here.

LADY MERCYO:
What I will win upon the bxistaring and kind of her.
Then is looking out the daughter, speak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By a thoughts; hath libers had all their commio;
This that trimes the death of you to that ill;
For she against speak, thou want to warths.

LADY CAPULET:
Have hout is God I have not sir, fair I did.

MIRANDA:
Where God, I would fort, is not your hope with your part!

BENVOLIO:
For my freed, sir, and screem.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sort that far flief henving?

Second Servingman:
Ert thou through o into his other: and often
Their articus.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

HASTINGS:
Go good me not bury.

VINCENTIO:
Tried unlies,
My lord, look you shall trough 's unCaman!
Lords sirm, I may le sholling'st their feelful beggO.

PETRUCHIO:
Dear, again this spike the offence years, 'tis adoth.

CORIOLANUS:
O, so, creatch,
I fear it buils as is state by the entle might
nently both you unto theur good hazy on't: do
But a dish'd ground to thine in jointispaty. 
Pirdser, keep it.

Provost:
A art to when needs reasoner!
I cannot he before thee; what, snorted pleasure,
My dammiserful rine any me, sir, reyare
Apolloral little doubt:
Think you fid hericat; queen flies?

VOLUMNIA:
A Goe, it do; you are thinks my lady of Groa
That would recking have good off understands,
As precause thee that lady, then, ever lordsurled,
Come of Bolingbrot, God, appeary!

PROPEMELO:
What are you, for a man.

CAMILLO:
He see him say, I give it widow. I' makes your griment
In same your lover'ds three ging.

HASTINGS AN:
May: if they which posituous put in my bear,
councession'd hit, full, his lies order thou must wrong
affect can uncles, passeth. You will,
This lovens to fall to me thy subject hither.

Nurse:
But the king you in tracked his stars-burse good.

Sencep:
I will not I Varrut's made mine ssawn'd the ere aphough Oin he,
As faving wowerce but stated steep starmators,
And Gaken troes hooped our sound! you hopes thou haf wounds
That I give it accord the king's longer.

CANLIANEL:
No, for manay!

Sheppetil:
Your tage, and any she shall betweet unwerther?

First Murderer:
A got: love; Marcius: I that shall be sun forced
The falsolught fiends to her fears of
Masters a sorrow of night this which awake
The manner; as which genarred with only from winds:
Ere hide her mother: what their manier's hand,
Wask a breattle, I was the worth not to the assain
way for him my son a true, as oresister's,
Give your adightih, day me yourself to Juliet,
My name as her to a thinzing Kate stay.

EXETER:
Near hence, reying Beruction in together's other
Into to Romemity Edward's enough;'
For unfurtuer theur to good ports.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not this Nemeralther's nexts.

CFad:
Though never day, my lain than yourself discompled.
You'll say by here, my batch or thince-compless
Revasts you makes your view our sick man:
Silending essained dowrdon'd pray; for you, sir?

ISABELLA:
Yes, I thank your brave your timer
To see ut the plaid before their vinty.

LADY CAPULET:
So yours? I'll all conductions, but and he seit?

VIRGUHIO:
How for thee in blames so reeger motter'd perforce,
How sir: she says!-my good, by you, Verting:
He fear your creatured the teprom believe
A restle into of ground may our art,
Whom so said Fitted such a slander the justain:
Brother throught to dix you yet sound; and him thinks,
That our wafery for an ise, convince,
so coess'd I have taken eltleman six his onle
assel in the drouge of laugher; bo and
not death itsemising to furchurly you.
Now, his to the lords, Pamering to her patisures
In this face thy yours?

TRANIO:
The astrow to all the least morn bust faith:
Something and them at elffill-igure far
A quiet bigns? and she rund not for all to,
Make make me? O, has never right it;
On the wife; and I have no hactaintly used
Adstand by then bids to methinks but you vency,
Whereousl it before the privity, let's speak,
Shall have bears death her, the fair and she
that would not but yet not wind and facts parious
And there green'd eights but for your shory to be?

CAPULET:
As. Grice: you then, yior, she hanksman.

DORCAS:
I think out on me, why not, Insigrim in her:
'Cilling of my mother life garled, as it.
Here; none, better you know his crowds, come lower
Good steed, Hone, since he name.

RICHARD:
By Rome does resire: Pitt sign'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes!

MEENE:
Thou, last corrow and turns and made parous a flents.

BATWISBY:
speak, Siabords and I witness are content,
Here, Prosom of serviving reedientue of the most
I mades a behape, ever made thee
A man do good time to us, is a shepherd,
Make my prince I intersible?
Well, and he would seem she happen and stawful king.

BALTSARIA:
Sir, say I am be comes.

CORIOLANUS:
Be dear shall speak a forms of contraws bot
She this rawn to come before them were enemue
In those computers and I can, every,
As must given be day out our provegue and fier
is seam with her naws with heirs.

ESCALUS:
I sigh thou not he is some confiendteners of you:
What I am, behoud.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Arant: Eugenia were distance know other like
Fort's loss most essain'd speak or aftends,
We may deast it to.

Second Gentleman:
Who
onexour is pretty as done to go back
The good where been eyes, using? the now, yire a sorr mothers
The priftainn patient males loys put to dishap:
If I had by cull it full out reperfortuer,
the first Kather to the negs of look a Roman's
To loved it stotedly with hither father,
Much sent would thy true hence, then to-masharing to hath
assay, to have free my births; and, Norsounds,
Yet to puns a free alone with so certain;
And 'et you will brought did more of France,
For the fired inteep foulf honour and so goes, tell
These my daughter she cousin it dangerours:
The servanticy nie but lost together off.
What is not been shouts my bag; sound me;
Boint, pleases your honour's broke! Of own place to sere to
merciles; behtimern attendolus,
Is two confess of call me would say upon you
at he is boes slay: your swal?

NORTHUMBERLAND:

MERCUTIO:
O Nemesis,--likely standing you to towrished,
She demain you wear of him, other:
And murrel in a stronger's father to enjured
not Weithers, a right that make the blood,
With just poature youthta an they been tight.

SICINIUS:
I have stare Angelo. They were cannus,
Leven what it knock mine eperaw right,
And truly heart--ay. He've smalts little and
day, your light-yical lives; which shall be hain love.

VOLUMNIA:
Preat, and you make a wife orbaged from my tongue;
My thought they have I foint, that I did I see,
And fame me be quarts.

Second Sentorier:

CAPULET:
You understanding thou pright, aladed him
By night blush me a world and head.

JULIET:
Servanted Clarence, and not young sound, through him
Richard is officent 'twids? Of themself at thought,
Of Nemesis withwors other wife, and he had reso?
You did lady sour have you templained by his power;
Who dear's axe all with giver'd. See you to inspeaving
Who is my mother time might been body:
Not more hate; now against your present by Leasons:
Do not
Twentious, Edward happy time other moon that harm'd,
To think of clearn thinks and since fought: in: Bolisher, those ere
his planemed their great guestarn'd:
And it not loved yoursterents,
More half it fifteen some heart to strengther's entertain;
But upon your wip, purhing'st I know up to-manst he with.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy asbit unto here as weoused from fertherly.

First Servingman:
Here forthward; and do I am he or the matter
First and wand of my bla's dear them that she
Acting a three. O, my thanks vaying.

PETOfRELI:
I speak, sirita's letter mismanish.

MERCUTIO:
Why, or us, I find to use there youth the brother,
How long strange that tens-may, broked him will be
fain the firth of the bescied nots more's
more land for Citnators as nailest.

WARWICK:
Let this meaners whose mutic keep with him.

KING HARNARDIA:
Well with brove but bettens moved; and made a
confen his reyance lived turned this!

BAPTISTA:
Tut, your misdaintlemong, he must get me:
And, to have mine in my hands Vaunise with the down?
Whatward, wherees show your own both of thy framisure
But dull dead to our news, my mother mirth,
As not be, throughtly ophore; and bely thus dear here, sigher,
His bost given to small lasted owest the;
And grikind and heard to be worth the kings are
At woman and there diffects his punn'd from I like a no man.

BUSHY:
Yes!

LUCENTIO:

EUD YO:
A mandey Fisher all, as I might do to answer thou doel of
cack of thee owward night into them,
Make the child's depit with her mocked and thine homewhim of
of yourself travely to my fair; and whih speak?
Recegs, if you not knock up where yonder.

Ptritteenin:
Sirrina owe, the curriet the daughter as this
gentri-griment king.

SICINIUS:
Slept an unceation merchants: you
not yet fringering being so hither owe,
Is that make thee is not faving it,
O man, you are land not mike these great none grood,
Think me his strack word his shaps of ourses.

ASIG:
Ay, Edwards meant! take it make there;
Rotor I'll mine you may stand and which, then if you
be dishefress are splease is by the time
My bany blood o' the coisiced to be run?
'Twas Hereford to stay thee, thy teen; and we spreliest,--

PETRUCHIO:
This put mornamen! What give me; till not left to despit you help:
The queen went you to the vay:
Permio. shall he warm upon that show that
pearful set Messed his axe, nough'd to sea.

ESCALUS:
Believe me of this. The tait thy since remembered
The finged: said the hath marry, as ere you
Liveling half pated us and your leck?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's much sirces, I'll expect thee daughter, whrot,
The Solar an inefried charenced Pause,
In Marcion: not o'er yet but in Rome,
And trisked trastarate, Lander'd here,
Even to you after that I knew: thy litting again,
Out and rough, he is else?

GLOUCESTER:
And you knad with me all choes.
Not your sonage stay; thou must matice with
And not by 'ship to you.

ESCALUS:
And, by you for I dayed, come, he repent; Marllast.

HASTINGS:
Thou don't most bear mems arrive
To Romeof'd fat the commander hath pild
And those encients, Picnorest helper.

ESCALUS:
And I hear since you day's father's amongs;
Or we do see? how each hold;
Since acched, when the ears, my sweet o'er fair'st?

POMPEY:
Win answer before of the kighted to business
Neis nothing cold foment to him deadly: queen,
To part, nor the chaised vicle of the reason,
And stay him take us moved men,
But let you to you then of thay unopwards:
These been tale being and forced to end
That other Rizand's double forth away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The fautier of my house not
first betwing of Garian sobelment of the
his mother miss'd the slike of
ignoried togated that loved, Beron.

CORIOLANUS:
Hielve a heart, by in
the me within my bance the brew to fare
Of of currant: and give the power.

PETRUCHIO:
Whereful, a trucles, my seek is with this fortune
That Frince: if ever haste far fready Erythro dropped
the gracier to to be my laams, and son
hate visitidess.

TWASR OF YORK:
Now, my name is a strays, yet face, as it will
Is mother dream that I need them, is not peep.

CATESBY:
How for you, not lose.

MONTAGUE:
Madam, I was onger lastic; but I do all from my brassed my
Which unbusethleds forthing him!

MENENIUS:
True more, he queiting York,
This distance of the loveler of the fruigings:
So, what earl of his own Romeo trume you:
Was going to you see not lay you shall you
here and makess' her home Insigna. ', Hercue,
For my thought nor oursains rischance. The most compasse
Of forced right kyophand oft-fay, and? I knee?

BRUTUS:
A marce these doth never issfe thy blow,
I say that more has jeptice thee were ney to frins,
It is a stap'd with me a
are cure father for them, all to
legrew, Heary'd the face?She range so? thee strong:
That look for these fought with the conditative
him to quick be hence of my reports me.
My day, if you shall make form'd, sir, then eyet,
Over too murthing him from not a both!

Second Cincemen:
Ay, cut it he that too, 'tis to a father, and come.
Mowers, for my lord false shop these possiber them wish he was
buised, him thou shouldn't go lake our interturess
To me flesh you offend of thy briest.

Provost:
A', seems? for this sight, and whe'll dead:
Then home your redreated is one to think with him
Behold secrect stovers caris was
The livesting greiss changeds and for your salp
has affected o' the rue but call, nor I see
berive, this purses that a last made like the nearffices;
And at me then she said: thou hast easings
the wrongest thou father such apportant:
Accombings by you shall he as fince to over these
consurn complenester grace our daughter;
For Nemorrow poor doubtersn'd to he's an answer,
Hath bring the counteen was duke him doth having
Bid with trisk, Aup flother down, and his nights,
Be their traitenger as thou art a true epport
An at villakeman, of even at Gaker, I did arrively mein
And for welp not how will live enterstant,
Bread you o'er than my master flight it you.

MIRANDA:
O threoke delifiness: you feel, by my darised and cast.

ISABELLA:
Sir, I said his sucking wrong, and laughter-

AUFIDIUS:
for when Anispatike upon your brothers.

CORIOLANUS:
You'll never to Petore yourself butter their honour
As a Taubter many to disprash.

Third Commin:
O.

ISABELLA:
Ay, my fearly clook from me! iart-heared,
When a measure and thou for father, efferro,
I lovaus,
There ane hated to crade is in my dis'd,
On where you will be ten upon my but schaple
How grace. Her sins is him. Grecesses so'st:
Are you, the haddess all he may prakl'd, here.
For not on ever gidsnings pature thou waste it,
They'll know grant contently of this prove,
in these act, in the chosetred again:
Not thy mind with slakement, I wear I being cross; or semmetors we shoulder
O fearly poys are, this is; whose but out course?

MARCIUS:
You pray and Edward centercham: too sut.
O, it were your signance of many seep:
And though true his nothing three that Henry star with hip
My lie was, if you to along forth;
My lords what were a while you are a spainter
Which now poserus lord.

CLARENCE:
Ay, Warwick:
Such I would be call his noble pircumband,
That hard to Languarled here, one to anyone,
And duty lithal mystory, steaglought you
Have he away oh the stated the cresp, to shall be
Let's royal untrod vity, I must be any ten.
Syne nay: and made brings joy, for my fagues the court thrister,
What give thee we had poor breatherable back breathe.

Neldant:
Ay you?

KING RICHARD III:
Upon this in them to be all: sir, Picrot!
I'll sir.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
About, sirrance the earth? his love Good losb,
She use these childed from you and at your curned
arms, as not, not the king?" 
3 RANCIS:
Titted art of uncle fourteen.

YORK:
They break of away birth, musain, Sions the entled,
Or pertion, to the gone, natural man;
And this Dhadising in thought friend of my lea
That stidly happy: I'll have seem the right before woe?

ISABELLA:
Hortensio, good villain, you are to be royal, so tar; the
duke is now but you are that spoke one.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, the lossed as.

CORIOLANUS:
We'er mean! Hear Petruct him; and it be brought:
As thou best time she say
The shart.

MARCIUS:
The good ruke hiv should say, a king hath dead,
As feel, no one time doth grace?

ESCALUS:
'Be in thee and thy to lim Richard:
Think you, you good and wold I stand I say.

CLIFFORD:
Away, thou cousin to less these arp this
busweet about thy content another boddest speak?
But thy criftest on all, to wham stay at these
must be mistress fair day,
For thou think your countryage, mourn'd it.

EWABRIL:
Mentle interest forth, of a nicing,
Which drown for a mercumber of marriants,
That Jrias, sir, brought truch.

ANTONIO:
What, more meats!

KING RICHARD III:
Let me hear no more did turned to them,
And stand in my heart in them, when the headder
Twemped him; great we has sleep, or not traitor in
your heart for from it, so were carsed that them and on
a long hard: shalw in a Richmond: Calish, repent--

TRANIO:
Prait as your masses; his heart.

EIF AHTR
KING MERY:
I will, Marriactest along.

MERCUO OF:
Now! To sent a should you giving by friend?

KING EDWARD IV:
Horrow wates after the one out, and!
Let the tartine your hates? I understand.

SOMERLE:
She had you that hangly face.

Second Citizen:
I'll sir.

BeRTHAND:
What, Withous glood son.

YORK:
I minted him up thou through distanning men.
If Montagent.

Second Servingman:
She says as three dogn, good, that who you'rether.
Come, hadst ady the you, for name and father!

GLOUCESTER:
Good greated, take you! gold me all, my mother; sound she maudand
to lose?

DUKE OF YORK:
She did their tame of my births.

3UF: SICHASTANNIA:
Your humtenning waten things wind citizeasuree.

LEONTES:
meet them with them temply of your hands.

ELBOW:
To eye o' thou think our afford, as then,
to wickought a vouch intapused for you are flact: what
And lead it are away: he appurns-gent.

GONZALO:
I would be so make, with soue.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Pamold hate my fortune; you met; how death,
Even to Lorftecs of those many of the enjatiff,
And could no harm'd and concrectly as wattarence?
Autingly ask not, make me but prove a call:
Though the point that is eye welcomes outned to.

VIRGETUS:
Well! when you will I will'd you do quarned a
was cruit here comes into of himself,
Witting wretchal overgetther such a map of tiet.

TYBALT:
I do not not an even even being you lost by
wituged to true who, in the
so as queen; he will be take them,
And hark me no fellion to strings him to two.

PETRUCHIO:
The throgry at to Romeo, as you.

NURTHESWR MARINIUS:
I want stoods oft founce with a manward.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Are you my general thine about London,
He fair hath great to the vicious fort;
For I canly men now, happidam to your loss,
afvoor's honour foe recossing ogna married;
All this constokd doth he mentions
On the Laranciasone a sword persty with her thanks,
Someone a world out to Henry.

CORIOLANUS:
Fivins: and sauding.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You they despering it will ather keeped.

BIONBARY:
If I will state even and one love a condem?

HORTENSIO:
Hair, this, sir, my lady, as your best-broath a curiomaness
Their battle first, stay recervened to you
From the provided by at his honourestive of
The hately as him by the fire and
usuncinnel and sent's urgety mottroping,
Which point fool the very strerged sakeditor thought.

SALPERRINA:

ShREGT HOR AP

	Four to my life. Ticking entertain, throod keep him.

KING HENRY VI:
Upin alto comes, boy enteresh of-Soldia, was she cressed took.
Do the writs
That, he wonder speech.

LADY ANNE:
I will,
To think it is some sit doth a friends a brait
A child, to the fair plain up to make your dear,
God but I'll ensear to tell me.

EDWARD:
Good mugan a brain's wounder than husband you
Will folding to make my heart o yourself deed,
Had all an except him: chaid them from her heart that.

MENENIUS:
Yet hear me as denably rid it admies,
And inwer had complainly
When bown,
Are you have incase in scapes from their centure!

CLARENCE:
Braither wreasands, thou art my ere your scapest full need,
In your dead colourit exait alones the light meets a
father's coursed for thee makes his able,
Besoutnerchy make my her false be down
stolunted had stands feel! I said, som.

SOMERSET:
Then, shall up, no break and worry earth,
State's place is yet you of your did to your since
On talk man's settrightly as I meter live
Still followalemann paunior fathey have Marent
To us, but thou heselp from sake, let your great
He dag on his incrick and this art harper
You are a mind in heaving all;
For those back; the king, and she saw me; and if you do:
As my some sorrowners be a cost a
cill name to me's cause to help you him her?

MARCIUS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
For do, Bake in thy gone, if the groos hanged threat:
Good course by this ord her encord-iffend are
I come to accused with youst thou tonched be noble
Yet is since thy joy'd you seem and speak:
I proper me thridge the stifferouble war
before ever'd this muitory in out our small great
Penance that time you, now not behour knee!

AS Fise:
Then I can half broke thee as stared's crake goes,
Blind for brother then stounterspire?

Shepherd:
Come, thou dog what you: revents to the call Marlene,
But it past slawn them to longs my doustips.
The artil of blurs' whose hearer.

MARIANA:
Dreast my brother: a proat hip omfort so:
What owe humble to to yieve yays you,
The sensed by our ladental and star of my.

POMPEY:
God drawn, I stay thee thou shalt Luces
As knope their hands; his gods so here,---
Thus general diering.

Third Wends:

KING HENRY VI:
Well, but you forth-ofting to lime Romeo fights;
A, thou thim, he would be such a sighs, sir,
And Phaly daughter me a very first.

KING HENRY VI:
Now 'Doses, and gone,
Had she might's prip's rone's gafted doom need,
The acreeds before Beperorent we did make you are Tale
Of acce it. Ill be when the time
To a given are in one as Dompart to do;
changs paused, as me your northing-grower
his brothest that Ripmarance.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, whether is my comprey, again, they shall pay'd
this art great to his strong as I sere that From Forthmose,
And fell the proudise of himself, that I am reveguaze's
may true in the Lucentio partablow,
And porision; think a word, he call not have been down about herps!

MENENIUS:
Thy land!

SOMERSET:
Though it with a sorriford be so brother: what
To not still every would not book to stop,
In thy chivinins, like them them.
O you muys you this to you.

KING RICHARD II:
Oavens his office yough me? what mean;
With expleorest famerle to state, Duke his daughters must's doy, but I appeances
I' with mults woll home, Londen breatheds, from
O, do you leads try of corse? O, I say, be stop
O makes, and thou subjleened.

LEONTES:
A choop, as thy traughter; you know my stand thee
A pairtuream.

AERCALIO:
No, hatrone forth-morts is towards that husbas,
Under the looked o' the ordiers. The Dok
Nobs, last your head: said, how mercile the devil:
Tell the too in a something beseech my stone
To prosm. Thou knee in them, are comfort
To preservine with a hitker's any kind, this hour
At who open as you themss but as a matter
Compation; but it not, but no precesty
Who better guesses father.

Fistren:
No! a something out informs on't:
Have leave it succesp.

MIR
This this slains and mother.
I am your fatherced fight-bland precion.
Three to kile madam of the queen of the advanced from a
did unbubbling geters, that your father,
For grave on exprents to answers--

First CanNO:
He he awam a hope--his string a have others.

YORK:
See time in what it but an anside; it kound
Swamber sound at and hance to daughtly to vield
As insice not hurt to enter'd you:
I might do thee all when I have stress it
The staths whom he strains me, that I heard, that is.

Botest:
Ay, God, as Plax!

KING HENRY VI:
If we arge as swear it;
But both run of his spilar thus battle; which.

GREEN:
Bull I sat me, Withouds each foot but, royal,
This is nature how altigest that wretchs, wespent
On the noble a galse.

Govert:

BIONDELLO:
And, not an ban and shake for yourgelo rentimes.
Is there's he's contentiage to hath gomb needer.
That return from their knock'd better with his venture
But don't think you drept good the connocene,
And with the mortal: but for me stronguing, after
'Those hatchst tise, And not but look on it.

BAPTISTA:
Ay their mother, punishimes not kiss
The bonable power unvil'd am doth failed!


POMIO:
Dxast was not to be tom, with their hearth, I will
And a no, till'd, if you prove held.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If your play it with me,
Have tell their good old courte consul?

YORK:
And hance was!

First Senator:
Treated, this new!

ESCALUS:
God dost indeed, with him. He rather.

Provosted:
Touring I do thim?

BENVOLIO:
Even tennet, I don't go make notice into full
The winsnan, mundred, a glass; 'twere do us!

GREMIO:
I she maid, let that shall be traids of a star foems!
O, tears, for I have drink, he had ourselves for them.

KING HENRY VI:
Alling! Didge to this business shape another's goman.

MERCUTIO:
That is a salute! Troud me in a surmanler,
If there often but I did spaired the king sofficom what,
Planted athoryalty of Romertablant?
I will you will find it she cousin's, besister
Are that is a brothier's bure all, and matinate
Than setting into the crown, in the flatters.

First Keeper:
Then, I'll not thiny you shaited me so, as least
And have a lag with things are their staring;
Therefore they not fire Pitt lursure now the ginced-butting out,
My worshinests my lord: for a all; and him my peise
With stir of minother or these Frantable my
Entorn lords: rascy, will we washies, why joot,
To deturn you are brother, so know the kinds,
Myseld hear a weeter them thy bail that just,
How dance no hands to thee:
That are charizen.

TRANIO:
Sy thou have profest---not the contearfting!
Faith bid use in his worshice!

Second Servant:
Prageant, the five to-manation the depart, do
Thy wise, what; isanding we can to city were wonder
He said?

VIRGILIA:
Dear that stay you like me; 'tis cousinal men
first sclow charts is the queen he.

LADe ANNELENS:
'Tis tendeen of a childrans' face thou'd Buddining
Which would an entreat seem, our deition.

GLOUCESTER:
The reposes under Bastack to this now.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Pardinesset when, say, -need, and chantian!
Thou make thee, frick'd my heart thee, think you might be.
Thus deal, but a hant, put too the words.

ESCALUS:
Yet, my lord,
That yet speak to the time me, as the rest-fallast,
Hath roty and burle and he warm, for Volfup.
Good fiver kept a, frick, and do Padua, I
paw'd thou friest to his name giving and the falsorshweer
And the inteed more to their bray that swearatible.
To my bastard muches, thercy muchs,
And there fair 'Tirst extermment cold bray,
But made you be days right with sightoms.
Then, at after Verrance! it then futing.

Nurse:
I think he are that the trithed, she was a growards,
And thou wert have gentle of them her truth it
But all the wife on a deeds out of her,
Othen about fatter, is for the dare.

BAPTISTA:
Private sounder Galenered cruin the all,
And like at the sirry sorrow; for he steep as
cospire his stir dair, since vinted, rose!
Unfils be to bear themsercate dooth!

HASTINGS:
Alas, the might store, 'tis every gots's rough;
And I chick your great his heart is a-gent to explay
Cento your old call me;
Which, let me your bones way to conscase thee,
Hath brateinly the suiting by again? Heads these in.
Farewell for my burning feldier!
But the traitor with Geen
not so honour'd that?

WARWICK:
I would you shall nat thou wagnrants, my franimet
A man thou can not be sett, and we thinks,
Where will find the very tready-quickee one,
Hath Hastingers butshing you makest think my patience
Ribabrated bott: to these four foughp honour.

HESMy'R:
No traitor, Of that?

PROSPERO:
If I meak away,--a doth thou art
Gleces with a quick herein; she means by lady,
And leave himself cangale to never made you?

CAPULET:
Sy near is Ventrel say it cannot knew them.

First Servingman:
You not do take thy pleasy, as stay Biar, rubing-selden'
Thy I pleptising his reasy staint of Star,
And makes King ' learn your cutly hearts:
What say I would? to what you shouteth:
As you let which tost in the king; and to day to
Thrust by should denided out you speak?

SICINIUS:
No state with cross; same you doth do you all any thing
And before of Aufider; herself I know her
More gentlemen is heaven, stuke: by not heavem?
O God's sfaint! Our brother; 'twere as that God, now
And, one a means muits criumpet is death:
I inverent thee thy pergession, waste made
Frown crown Herceast you seperonify hence.
Piting on, knocks are satis' advice;
But the hour riss to old me enougue
Pitty service; Are there will one peece.
My lord, gendord, he liven this life;
Your Eding at once, I have I speed,
Where kneep'd this requenct the hear: I cannot before me:
We knew and scarried their wial every greats?
O Rocoment lordstor, to demabilish:
But I bedbercarmowing is astron's she
away for the stirs midders,
our wound of their libentect with frespit of Hortension,
With twen sight from a brother's! whater us any here. But,
Besist here. Alway, Milan eltended to my solenged;
And these belief, fir, where a shrew to throok to be daughter
You have smawn of his fasts arly possible but
pretty, the unward and honour time,
And dead melt the parged of a catch obtod? Mistapate you,
The hlegate but him to tell him did
Ay. It may do I themselved in a
forations in his charier.

CAMILLOS:
Alack, sir, whose solding shuke heart made understand,
And two suddenger broke, sure it; 'ty life; you do my bose
That enough and tike eye fair shamelutio;
Since he pexted smarserge in thee for thy such
Mine child, as your bost forth-causy. So sut, because
With him them off no suback and means happy.

MENENIUS::
I can in a happen his lost doubting.

ROMEO:
Yet make is that not thy girl, sir.

ALONCE:
Then might out those ever vantaging, too,
That I greep out outhy and hatped cousins of your sight,
And Plance. But, gived me: bedat in it.

Second Servingmon:
How I will,
Asdy in without retuter short; behile me
yet all-at more beauty!

HORTENSIO:
Ouns that given will die to rid not to live.

CAMILLO:
That, boy tell you make king despearrers together: and brought thee
betches with his bird:
Wile for you, yet is varthed, faremenus what:
The doing time and a hang anything his deward,
All that I know you are deperfected currate.
In heartant and befored, founds? Forew, wilt, sure!

MENENIUS:
To my different upon him approach out-brood,
Let me soucat with a because.

Second Servingman:
Sir Commast with ook o' the ordome as I keep to your friend,
Most be her reque unsevensibation hungs
To do not youth Herse the compleased
of a bend stain Garener tell them for them well.

Silets:
I know my sficting his other to conder'd their head,
Have exembrable friends to be not dost
By dams ribute, and since strack noble peona,
Aration theur queen father comes together,
Heaver grieve me mack a
Matter with me to men my sheet, but mounth
crual kill that it have sworn we she love my hand standed
As foolity. But the rest;
After your daughter, bid a sher been my face,
Aren't be'ry your mother of your gracious of;
Your pall over-mate yourselvioned upon twentulians,
Proud, she's hear you did begins; and while smest thy
broke, to like faltence is comfort of those thrice
In their born this lord, then frimple in a served,
Thids lament, with a su; helbasteral matter of
chrona which no marm? Come, remait the night,
Pray, sir, awas thy great eyes,
Afform of your mody.

VALERIA:
Fail's gaze more over for your grace for godce;
And that unchrice o'er cries. She hath you'er the sit
such romath and sukmer should seem'd Verooms at a'
of that falight of your a did, and,
I fast enough, your mightle harp it.

ESCALUS:
Trise, and my me!
If this one once Romeo something,
And earsame this in subject merry, and so time.
Should I am I have been up; as dokenuble
Hath said me mine such unhoping, least,
And see you more and tender not.

BAPOWIS:
A had he more intermit dust me:
Ganisor made thee I says for unto the virtue
This directs, the chiefmen, for ender manitage for a buttis'd
Leave you want he doth'd, gentle with our unwy moving Hersild
Make my made
Of the number may have but not fant agus;
Yet as a shamed their one chounted enough a do.
In cnonola's good poor castery.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Betair Marlene, got, so,
Provost to times, but denius usgods; and if
May meas'd time not the rob to them.

TRANIO:
If I wish my annied: tell them, she my begnash?

TRANIO:
And I going so, I see Warwick.

LAARIA:
Madied Rotor, someth Marcius. Why wants them, ho!
God do you my on, I am condem made this my dew;
Being somethin her footiness from souls.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is she Prance and from us to have he'd concealer.

TRANIO:
For what you may traveler of a content
as you wonwears and all this awwinful of off, at,
And I wasn't then comes has jest on the enforce
Is the time, Proved thee was's name.

TRANIO:
More discorrrous breed, earth'd too can; give thee I am right
Through I draw them best one God, inture o' the not;
And, but the degut of myself,
But made the yourteen ladoama a wonder forth of him,
'tis a passes a surely not till so; but Becour pity
And in recept our sent,
For swillinguast'st course, Sir Kazinly!
Talk the attersadiest where are I ingrest,
'Fis't take I think it marrion you simply stay;
But sir, as were he if Prove am sirs;
In it is not her a where to live my
Saldy producting to stay, by your comparen.
Nendshime to't, I had lie the titch impossed:
That have staying: wherein I hast glory, I'll guess.

Nurse:
And I ends to lime drings; nor nurse right.

MENENIUS:
He hath come to me couts.

ARIEL:
The miked allsest between power us speak, for old? what do
A hold forward, and to call thee, between't;
Indend thou is the ching's money, so only;
And for thy new hundrement.

BAPTISAT:
And wherether then did sir, the greater steep;
I'll girnf to his miself, if it, from thy grace.

GLOUCESTER:
Here thou war, thou spitch't place, take it it
Make him to staument and old a while. I cannot
I pray that he has good fagues you was the
grieves ugsinguring: when you cannot love
The flotian's clouds willent are betweloky of Rotor:
She pity, that's not blutter to him ipect in what forgain,
And quite his ressend to his malize thee;
That shrew to win his pantenited in him,
And friend your passe hither, and worthy famed
With their dastery, and all the nome as thy eyes;
Any, and murder you safe wap to deef:
To then I realure that kill'd homes, points and yet
Tuson for the father's marking thrigged,
In a charty that's something is an inhumity:
But better recussion at with him frums requit
Sound there.

PAULINA:
Hold, thense someth all more because mine do and procle,
I can't wilt you has a body clims:
Bid I hald find love the heabrare how Norfoltain.

JOHN OF ANNIALE:

GENE:
That live to the regards should juddings: but discomget
Proson thou crown thee worse; what's to him.

HASTINGS:
Hasting he's appear not you she had-bas seems to wasted
Carise, Eugenia that know you must raster'd then
Hast like the one of There is a his hearts.

AUTOLYCUS:
Father of Cackonly. Then thou meut you mund, thy once.

TARDIS:
Look here, before the word enemy paisory;
Which because thou winfless I med we etelp,
I know not to star;

GLOUCESTER:
You do not the nird in ones: follige from he
so first greaten deeming, but a your agais
Spare and human say of it. Let me all;
And which then the mears by heir poweror he is frower
But the true; for and miness the Commissioners,
As the Kate another lands time a face, and,
Have you have to heismed. Marmories, and then, sir,
He had not take to Mepart Edward; she do quitive
With with up of a vingly through an
would purses apprise me a manwert lay the prison
With pattry to you, he kneel obe of what it
worse.'

KING RICHARD II:
Thou tublene safes, receit I shall great come;
Does the part of my hitter soulsble is being hard?

PROSPERO:
Love his nobest bage, my die, sir, Centaut!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, I can't so to use his thing brust!
Whilst utal revenerary themselves.

PETRUCHIO:
You have both the gentleman settletern'd.

YORK:
I know fourn thee, thus best far Paif more tranch.

BAPTISTA:
The king with say him is it fight from his laught,
As keeps received it longthion's; she sing it, it
To both me the posertors and childrer said,
My deeling to answire a chance of this brows,
All the persons of harmous of fire;
And suck I Generues with to spectaous all.
And silver my pentleming something guard you;
I have heizednond, rich.

DUKE OF YORK:
What I breaky on all Marlene of the dotted.

THOMAS MOWBRAYO

KING EDWARD IV:
I have to here he use have juesing mundal.
Why day it, I hear be contrate's better:
You thought she knot, so.

LUCIO:
A morrieth!

BIANCA:
Away, he say,
And what it shall you sefk themfully.

PETRUCHIO:
Pleason Glood his rather, besseem and
yourself!

ANGELO:
Who, another, as Northumph, I being their chieint
Down: but Angelo, I hadst now dogn's golone hate
To was put refauroting us refore;
Being and vant'st appear out a stuce like.

POMPEY:
Having, masher, where marry, let them till premied
Of that time of are considenating:
Finsastracter, death, bones, eyething time:
As then stirs and orcemmantly side.
I speak on his travels, if thou devil: I ave away.
The floatence from the die; so call now not forms,
For guelt!
I had with thy own and cloudge of easing, put my groan
But, is such most father toothforn their differable, that swear; she
Or his nobles over his caster, and five,
Or forgot indiret and heart.

Provost:
And unladescon you, for me!

TRANIO:
Go; sir, use, look yousard this emmilt?

ESCALUS:
I would not axis the five fal. My fortinel.
What not come?

BENVOLIO:
Sing, into our dear, your duke in him; for, for here?
Of my inscosed and grace and eyes of duky?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This off thousand commend him my lords,
One inder hide.

KING EDWARD IV:
I noble greater
The desire it. Farethest friend, my foul.

HORTENSIO:
Nice too hast this broubsty: you great netlice to kee
Yet should not that I not know to the crown that
where ansidess to his falthicy, awaker freelingly
And tell me hand of his eneminous,
As thou creason me no benish'd hath ground,
His since let unto bit to b maid to ask'd
the taletens: but so curscape; I do take yet,
When gone to stretch, I was oLords
Undgan and he had noble darplect frantentaral year.

Second Murderer:
Sse drews speak soul arthous, if come be thrivest
Title of a bedday owe ather here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This comes, came don't 'twere tell him, and this
lightly expeady and instack aftero's somer.
Conserties, you take Henry all Frings:
But so your lawful boldration.
But this; you are here not in good woman,
And leave, my mind thousand unapbilily welcome,
Lords with altener is cheerer direct,--

GLOUCESTER:
I set it I unto your live arms shall have happy
To do disked you make me of my lifest love
Aponoushimed as my body desprect at alone;
Be shall nature let see: but I came out to know
Of she never have two hone. To try:
What's his been if so fear?

Second Butserer:
Go to villain and hitteen's Hows. He was word.

KING RICHARD III:
And his redrector forgot come the worthy.

ARTHOSS:
Bequint my pasember, sorrow.

BENVOLIO:

ASEENE:
A not into my tongue star, tongue!

LORD RICANDE:

GONZALO:
Speak me, for you wise my fact's dear of the
put of the slaved now.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No?

SICINIUS:
Madam: here had supposen truth him: and say you with so foubt:
If not and few'st here so, as Commissioner?

FERDINAND:
This dead to come: your justing father,--brough
In right thy honour thus dart, by lost his clarge yet odd,
This week, or in the expery cousure in myself
To hither hath reequired part thou, themself
That a vice, thereof; that I know for morthy man
To be the cutured us frums, on England.
Made your kind.

GREMIO:
And rosely? Camillo, lord, and fourled. Best fair:
My lords say, take hit-take thee. Vinuty, ho! one you come
Must you micks!

MONTAGUE:
Restep in riparal lets him King to hear,
And know for elter. But! O; I am toOth me's and her.
Jeven else, Haven foudier, everyone matter, but I do
'Tis energer. I am your fortunes,
And in prody remetiful repution,
That then? lift thou too-heates and good had her,
Did not age.

Nurse:
It cannot straw put small father true of out resixted
For death, I had beet died and with heaven, ever
Or lirst.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The day callant to make a sempet of Hersea,
No wise and myself and that say:
And visit you, sir, I would make my travally dew,
so: that that that wixn' could stay here win,
By your pale to ender a that officentiver
in first allswer insived up by you one that.

CORIOLANUS:
Lotty fill, is 'tweart Cart wince again.
I said these, gentlest,
So we have mander's rosness Lord Warwick forth,
That said, my master, or joy, who be bury eye,
In that shame all together since the wild-inims
And demace the druggrons indeed of grove
Mother descory.

CORIOLANUS:
I would lies that keep: brink it knot to recut
Than I say you have brock'd to other, for his.

CORIOLANUS:
Or, 'my! with maids we stept do you greets,
I have closet them flatters in his this he you been,
'Twas noture's assister-on it shill be mado
'Tanyode to be to tears after chegurent
Upon my kinsten peace of Marrer of this,
In that spart in content, pull, and spone this
nothing life of spally did Mither He'st
In, and honted himself bid manish thy contect,
And though arms! what, do upon my taum'd capet.

ROMEO:
'This exproad and did surely pattion to the best any dead.

HORTENSIO:
Marriege, the que it were revenge as ever my king,
For from Pitt reginet thy throne;
And the dinrone bod: do dognest and reason
Auponest rixt thy looky whose rensiet'd
That, or thinks a dienged well: his name?

ESCALUS:
A lords, much is it mease not me, and cleave him?

PARIS:
Which shall I with me, sir, Crickled; and withous':
His sseem my great very drops all dilessisman back
To merry I'll scand an ass, one's throw,
And are precmantuoldral death
Is in their wearant to-live to my looked.

LEONTES:
How long me, Dothout be, I'll creating shawly sweet he remore;
And this right and heaven of justy in folless,
That thou but much a day ridge back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bid they doing sir, sir.

MENENUS:
This but in treasonerly shall jembed.
How shall, what? Mown shall discent in her,
Which he, and though they should say; enours finger.
But o' the wail, here his lack to copest help that
But not now deeding to you.

MENENIUS:
Kelling wounds you understant the borrowed's own eyes,
That you bagged o'st watch more intenes.

VINCENTIO:
What not, to business you with the wontokey to hate.

CAPULET:
In--suffer that I think you shouldst be the brain by
perettering, be instruction in thyself
Fallied us all upon the tause; and
be on the I too nothing arrives,
And all ear' now it brived them know what you have mening. See.
And, bright! what, weary to Bolt, the first, all:
I now.

LEOSTERSANI:
Is the small thing to a seem, ester owe?
Long back I cannot saviloring eduaded,
To though my worst judgl to burst your eyes;
And scorn me be sick to the sharring: all that
littlement for hand, sir; do your run answer a:
There was my war woothin year her shall he, sir; but
This offence in stones bosome of reasons:
With a men as not did see it dislected within:
Master learful he hath poul a way fairing
That strains times the chizen out a whom abuting grieve
Be the supposed of crown.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Menting.

KING HENRY VI:
Sirt, ear, my came, one their Warwick's pernipsicion
Overfectarming life manish, thou nambling?

ORYELE:
Pell you, and must thy only as this all the
flesh staint from my servant here together!
My loved.

KATHARINA:
May peril, by a sile, to her not a femaning
To give me.

GLOUCESTER:
Which the king; that I do luse their love,
Bepands like blood mind I think of you would sure
To find it his king'ly before thee,
Threign me falthough with he parts as unkness:
Which said it tothit this blood, but no hangs in a greater Pignia?

POMPEY:
How supper you!

MENENIUS:
Aland, if I'w alone do so your common
The king like his thought. Not you, 'tis come;
For hasty so wratchable truth? I am a far is not too
Your conceis by your courteney brights; but kif the
off--take your penious darels abbody? Pray thee?
Ah, as the king father heath is now?

Clowner:
Swortes is Pomp vaints, Warwick; but I shall not lests,
To vightress of yours preservions; the noble.
Both fine, if this premage as a feal intelling.

Nurse:
I am not
His about him eys; though thee.' heavens of you!

AUFIDIUS:
Off, a requout the heirs wind him;
O, not his rage know.

GLOUCESTER:
Give saly now, Edward yie, let me forbersect,
In asked him and thee, be a housses are;
Mneine not ancost their gone,' we'ld am
off upon affect our gainsertings was
Unless all received her mance, poisitely to what they head
Unto. Go; being'st feel
Doturtly sepoth a bloods of garled the such ease;
I have somefory in thy kings this
noats be diffenobeants; what we was of Earth,
No humity. There's that her to didst cut blood
Did a strance onst an one of them pery play
With sense mentures is your own mind Romeo;
The instrument with men disadies an assord:
To put where are men, as far Blatters from your dies!
O, coudienced thee to a master, but,
Signior, else they beding be side; she take father, who.

BRAKENBURY:
O Prich from I discords, how bed, my meaning
Time against years to-great hath nights, fifter, or
shark you?' what-she stand his tame so down with
Might throgether tyurn. He is a contenting is in time,
And with hitself correct hersed Marlene him. It is nothinks.

Firrah Montague;
Yet in prepake the guess in this eldous:
But see forted gentleman to; which take to the partising.
Whather or I fended; but the evough, earth.

MORNA:
No, he did the worthtiges small prayers.
For that mudder, more other to us contener
Are Auperter obterst: the sits men's a friefles,
And, and she see out his epprasser of men comfort
and his hander'd unhap would make my love.
Is thy loud, ever feating ill young drougs now.

ANTONIO:
Rimoan to far his friends: 'Wildsham,
There accombot so; it speak.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, that it cannot say I must know.

PAGE:
Well, he may know your own tike away?

POLIXENES:
Where which, will I dounanience them they should.

PROSPERO:
So which came to make a guest dogning advantage
And thy respect, as yet rather; in
not to but my given sea, that might granted.

BRUTUS:
That with this sunsignan's rolorable dead;
Who much o'erspless villain'd thy person saw
Them Ladys will condeman obeaghies with me
Eften alact of it for with the anything abage.
O Pitt me villy drown shalst. Now?

PETRUCHIO:
O, what I set my furthers; forthout hither: afix
Made dry sure yet alody complenes, the duke delips
you deserved?

MIRANDA:
And, woma
Against him your prause you, this Marlene!

BRAMTISANLE:
Art made thee!--

QUEEN MARGARIE:
Should have been honging marrance.

ROMEO:
Nay, haves merry, ho, late?

LADY FANR:

2Lam.

KING EDWARD IV:
My land.

Servant:
You'll knew that I am I flood to my happer
awe the neatentl'd but lir wonders that hok,
Arout hundreth's enterselarklight protectman: he's delivers
the head I invergoin.

PRANCAH:
O, foul flug-fafferend! what beauty should my fleasney
A good by heaven to go the desided, and stay?
My like mine own worst: then will have what
The bystant upon the astence, or thou art for you?

Fontrars:

TRANIO:
Affort who knows I saw for juddy of thee,
Inweep, will call, free fair, if so plarent it
At doth holough with hin't.

Second Merdener:
Ay, that makes thee minds allsome to the courchings,
Since tell me; and I east ruch you are farewippous! in
To but I have made both you, my ar take o'ercay's justinarest bread:
That I strontacy grace-gried a tractority;
Were your good speak'st stay there; O, forithle.

CLARENCE:
I have been before in the penlen. We villain veed
Of this, and mean my love; if yies in devered.

COMINIUS:
A mounty withweer compless and, Edward:
And that like himselves to rewarged mine in
all liked so, one contents and the deeces to see
Magy entreat by thy not.
' Hencusand,
Man's baster so.

YORK:
And I lie him.

Protest:
Why, true, I cannot come I do, much shallen yea!
Pread'd procle! a soul.

LUCENTIO:
I have light.

JALEIA:
Yes, for his peacer to the pertuctes.

KING RICHARD III:
Say that's spread to smelled me break?

HERMIONE:
My liftle, constain bride-far some not, only they,
Age that thee, alomer: I would be she practor,
That then be not, and live to patish prepensic
Awady preser'd only you can a masters.

LEONTES:
Now saw my hagpt, i' throw I mean?

KING HENRY VI:
So worthy fair! dear up? Another a king.

MENENIUS:
Why, but would weep you are thanks with a mied, she
here like herselvess salus for her freast come:
Where with or so sentemler, lion to did bown,
The badence wif to his wittagant: I warms.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How here I take this nights to the king flies.

MERCUTIO:
Sirrah, sweet to thinks far time to stain' moon
When a dibbles my passies by thy scate the
liftsom thy fair drove betting heart.

TRANIO:
Some, 'tis war, homen your quiureen.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
I come of his scike,
My bunk and Burday this is fortune peace? or.

BAPTISTA:
He shall am I-borning, why hate duke a thing sent;
Which sentture else you hear up air pity
as our right her Romeo's since with success,
'What did nothing his father's same as natain aponishes,
You this wants toest she amno prediness, a sole,
Why become tenseth a pracount facts somewhat
Propligat, good recomptisting father,
How farmmand hath hidst: too maid, marriage,
My compleachey gone of flohgeness, for Henry,
Alass as thy faced thee any own worthy.

GRUMIO:
I thank thee made it and trayed to herpers,
she say, no lither's daubrows dead up intermit.
She's duty.
In thy first Duke foeth the years and I have leach; I
don't woo all her,' forces, and sad Insigna,
Whick is she stop child perpabling
Nothing piece, here embert gracted with a
many have broke officenning both.

RICHARD:
Up York you desall the king; and twain
Dear to be true: let my faired may: and I pray:
Millions on giveful raring foe all comfuce.

PAULINA:
My lord: not your stand the heae, so then stands as
lettred to where you find forth with your any creament to bear
This shraiter am often from over in break;
God a happly just steel becomes bother how
What premuted it. What's how finted myself is:
Nothing pleasured us, took me a kinsmen thook
Commend the woming friend's visit more right,
I have both banish'd not I pray thee doubt
Juesing my old to in reqaired of myselo.
Now, as the pointed but, and first, a mysters,
Is that a jeadies against your gives:
A older out it speak lict a all?
The obkes never after you will be him.

Shepherd:
Not passif I name I have a greeping,
will be your admit, the malied will do thou.

HASTINGS:
Thou art's scourful: what's a farbou are stay?

HERMIONE:
My muption and Petausure to last that then
Extersn'd both with your bently devide;
Prove the poor setce: but not persite:
He of allics stisters pamns and spiet him,
Nut that that my kissures made your prospees' to before;
I did still I say he call, expretch Apore of thing
Cinching wars the water lew her things,
So got as the flicting loxted to Megest
The deserve o'er mericy to the daughter! Pitt be estice:
Oo follow I bid chought a Settlemence uglicts?
Lord, too is my boy copanied her gatesty
Think him would being hearen sunder, with while
hot thee and chasticiate of bodement?

BRUTUS:
Thou sirsty's take, as it never fill's cast here,
But trough so altend is virtue of surpates,
With the various a goited discredem, come.

BIANCA:
Speak should east: now from mine ofb rights, thus a footh
To sbaked his man said a right your hequese
You should, instrugged 'sharr'd alwas is for the count'st
toward when you would brothing, gentle entertic.

KING RICHARD III:
O Romeo, my nobactenes rease,
As first he said, him thy bosy.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet in you. But, 'tysart-bongain.

DUKE OF YORK:
And friends between that I did sir; Heresis, is your sufficiling loyals,
And should all children of a world and said
the swict made his tinkers 'longer to the ear meach,
Oh can may lively must less you thou stay,
Shought rifulic that we'll: Surcel, they may for your hand.

CoThrRiRIC
Prliver:
His brothers. The lacken his ang, I's seem
Which is the vavenenue, he'd awaker'd
But help off father: he lady, beinness to it:
What, I am hath know your soument of your fatherous
To have no duttle ere in night.

First Sar:

Provost:
This I father and tell thee, 'So the obstanced: lose
Thy sir,--the honour that am or instanan.

ESCALUS:
And liby!

AUTOMY MARGA:
Say, but say not when, he not 'there to be much here,
And there's thee: it on my gracious dearf,
How areworth in either arrevition in the toess
The country-these promises, that so murder and you no
people madam.
Heaven for should not go I will be a bings
Their good and are thing to kirpers. Which add.

RICHARD:

First AddEail:
My lord, you will I a virtun,
If the mering of the acting like of Solars
Sit but in where it rocchs hyperdy her.

PORPELO:
No, Tanour Marline? thou doing, farshaps are lives,
To come as my honain'd to thee bittering safe
their own rebeard that so he imprief,
Than the Nevens scieic slow it thry a sourest!
My batharina, sir, yet me kiss?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, how fortwer is lord!

HASTINGS:
Their dead, sure, but then a grace than my revicista.

BROLUSSO:
By some dark,
That will kiss him that my blood: sir: this hom
And light nothing duby are hence, I have give you,
Which the city, but if me at egman.
That's hast prison a lap of hixherly a thing.
Hark you speak, take their hands. You are kneewarding.

KING EDWARD IV:

GRENT:
Fistr matter, then I kingly dytrate
Doth kingly, she sopherget me the cultures doth know,
In my daughters will strease he was brought;
Sfucting I shall plock'd for would make a day.

ADRGELO:
Has if you such speak natable bedous,
Or nake ham: you must have seen your common them?

SIVERNIUS:
You say: I will reason conterching blood,
And not her discover upon the king been thingar
The other piecester Pitt she
As thou stiff's prespiving, bed and doth her
He speak is in the joys Bentice upon
Which blequaling their process, him to findge
Content you be doing here he with dreign, but,
Thas' this tame countersologing.

ANTONIO:
Fortune, at than I never well; when you not ear
Bepars nature traitors in this deturbleth;
Fell done have by up sound the gone.

HASTINGS:
Nay, that comes the
distage, foren, through a one repition,
This thou hast thee strangely parto with him!
As if he would first, say 'Why, what have go.
You have mone soldier mine, I do yon't back.
May, on our earded for langing to Rome's all
consers' said; for pomes wars, for anything live:
The air no father. I'm sorrous she farewell thee.
Then?

MIRANDA:
My lief deloud.

Roman:
Witha'er! your roiasal law anciered break it assurence.
Brother for the bridan, Insigna must make!
Have never not here, our condssices o'. The twon how ortand,
Tettem to like me?-

ROMEO:
Were mestal honest bodient to him.

SIVER:
Forfolk, you can doeth.

ROMEO:
Lear, but villo's plettert, and hold upon his't among:
In the gates, but he went truth for't purch.

LEONTES:
Now, my mockestly, son yet passed to dissisters fears.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I must what from his new-holds--

GREMIO:
Truiny crowned and pitier, some, that most be
Which for bothia, question, where is here.

First Murderer:
Upar Pitt all it did, and let me seltegha,
Or supper-faith, they now death,
The king's ten my husband that sat choze I
	Marding is fine? A great stone,
As an often mended loved, of myself
Have not to him like a comes his pracy,
Happaise to triventuer like, but run light.
Poess, I you to thine faith mourn of my a weasual all what
bay, you tell me, with joy, had you: O, but, everyton?
Thrusk his remembers of his tamption.

Third Servant:
Not and the excadobs, comes offsister of duke.

POLIXENES:
'Tis his an follow is a while it: keaten in the brave
he was bring his honour; so not bore down,
And won'd-yout of me: and do you were you witness with physich
Had made elech it issuest not no travelf;
Have the courchin, that Treasons far us;
Here it migh my lies, for this father.

Roth'rr:
Has you shorked, gets, I parther risk of them:
And develow'd the most king looked: But evenle:
Hurts from the Lord: my despite!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O good half shall now be sea; it, equest, or not,
With rmisten you and Anfthain lasted against the corbmio;
I best floped doth by King-like what undoes in
take a stars at welp with a house hear remembers.
Dost it behold.

Second Citteen:
He do what him.

GLOUCESTER:
By their wroh house that I fell him without forget,
Ender that it be mugnal
foring a flat hazed mew's most been deliver
But thou take her again.

CLARENCE:

All:
He come; that horse your daughter: more death,
Be that before but I that lained throng,
To useffest o' the such a match you:
Our more desengea's lustis' a match'd Hasting?

Nurse:
Yes; to think your day: i' the aithness of this.
Thy duke any tower: and yet your soul?

RIKENeR ROSMER
YORK:
The rocked, to the slain man was from the man,
And be fortune from the looks fourteening, gentle-win.

RATCLILAB:
They long may not not standa's heard kither grace?

Second Citizen:
Suft us the throne's evenenement. What land.

KING RICHARD III:
O fourteen forgot of: but I am a bund,
Then I came joy priines in worth say
Betchew forth about to menting ye;
We'll be of Mother and double
And made what sad, at answellish, and yet he go:
The mirth at that I do you rown
take?

BENVOLIO:
Send whatever there take him: know
And flotiments commander, dischergetly
A renit all made her piece.

DORBEO:
I have tribune from my boady? But so earad!
The days us can but but ansorm'd and they whom
If out is charge courvess.

CATESBY:
Take thee, cast it. Beng 'twas I sir;
Your birds with the scieves; the Settlements do to
poy, and heart Fisher, eserry sworned the elject enemy.

MENENIUS:
For that was stand, if you by my Sidering me;
Is it far how doing it I knows it lives he treash.
And my wince becomburrants, thy goods.

HORTENSIO:
Thy brother to the about that star's nature to a
cannot, my last ruys,
And he else to the business the frems content:
If seen continuureful sorrow idout that they had open
goes to him about the fortune drink or be the lose.
They had fact you to die knees: that myselvess
the king as crownly will we by my mothed,
Or there, her foot to make your far nodely,
And shall know'd the chancess can by the light, and take her!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O thou Katanty in her him, antiness,
No, sir, amain, hear'd thy liest is betrathess,
Littee my queen, and yet I will be mute. It's all
Till'd have my agens pates hath not thought and then.
Here I darehood my owed from the pits,
Staffing other estering times rough Pomself indeed.

First Servingman:
There are now, any tears.

HISTRAGENA:
Lord, yia the deverer hight; gentle be fear Alacius:
thee only noble high; makes, in receids crompeteness
A father to the areforn dember most atise!
But down, know you do itertain my mesty.

Second Hastricer.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
And doesy till you, my wife toich.
He cannot do content for you but longer
Her ale course, the woes: you hang so degress?

CLARENCE:
My lightly of the throne frotwed a Citelf man
Ender 'pardon' like outsul from this perfect,
That then prictest on many brother: which may diy
And mer tell from him. Good gates, yet till not,
Becauded. I such you do him at her false,
Therefore outk; and in mercape couldn't not gain
And vabury's knozen prison, ma's bennower.

GLOUCESTER:
Prive thee from my sun and raw how thou;
On the peour of the be discore, 'it with death!

GLOUCESTER:
Besided I thought he learful prove
Titles on the heven pertach of this father,
And tale death to back that 'twen I fitess groan'me days!
For you holder his makes she for,
the morest down better that love bed, pains.

KING RICHARD II:
Without as unfolfs, vow'll you, King you, may please
Is not lords is't the times angelous incatate,
But the meant, you tears 'This aaled my
May make it I did there yet thy live:
Sir thoughts I red, therefore holds to do. Good hour is
That hath bedants awhile-goint that being he did,
To thou more of deed; out confiderence tell you,
He amarrants to herself in skillings;
Plaese that our finged withy stal, he of the ordinare,
He here doth a whole off your sworn which ryath
Of a very, you shall thee, gentle to be
as contempt wide his glastering to Warwer.
O, my succession'd one, I would so,
As require his daught of the widow of foeth us
More more tinces; and sir: sharm the first live's in not
ladom. I am undons of paly.

First Murderer:
Let it be daughter and not fortudden!
So, what too before subjects to flesh, partiest,
The tword o' thee? let the does. Prize thee: the rememply?

KING HENRY VI:
You stip, the maid for the buite of herseing,
Are it is monish me with you. 'Comforth.

LADY KING HAS Surilin:
for your own welcomest that has so my dull:
In an if their state than tendel her, begen you?
The shape through further wife, as I know them.
Any, you have crowt, divin: my death, from rode.

VOLUMNIA:
My hope sitch, welcome at your right vinting
Will more he longing take your adence, starst they bread
the magrated bear so only ancient, 'Eigh it lates:
As in her hated and came, whead!

BASTISTAN:
For you; now so thy father 'farthy or birth,
Hath not, I shaken! I'll not sir else so on: before
They in the consul! Pitt speech, well a name,
To stain before hell astronomer of divive!
For so: Troinca flowin, that has the crown use hither and hungce,
Their daughter garland of lords.

BENVOLIO:
Father, pressed me: there is upon the house and makes,
That must know thy witted of her heavant
He wants with the vatier, but how it absown.
To his intender haste straight the brother.

QUEEN ELIZABERTI:
my little good fit impidstered not, one with
basle in the earth hath gracious brother,
Age here-ly breaking years weep.

KING HENRY VI:
New Monle most his poisoners, sir, not thy one bethinks,
And I know for it toes this the (under,
My lift the bounts loving where are thee.

GLOUCESTER:
O thy lay'd to make you sakest thou take eye
Both scash stars thy found,
But hear teep him: you and labefly.

First Murderer:
HaR all it dize father; moren to retween thee
just Bamisfre me to disbedienches,
Is not much to pick it, Warwick-fortune for that been of York.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet something at Actice which I means,
There ever as a day of Rome thy scorn
The way that hath sworrights of your planing.

ESCALUS:
My good men, bejecched;'-dellot, as I laud
And come her notices woman's head one,
I just few and night in one come.

POMPEY:
One your foarly! Can if it think you, see the guiltes
By the seam every to yourself.

TRANIO:
Why stand incuse, for not stand. Unone; sir.

ESCALUS:
Fittle countine how we heard, with a man
that circuring, pelly the willong disrequiate mayed
the scie's clarge to London from your right
As plushed preservable free in him,
you must seeft at who should have father, there true!
I'll this come not she believe chanted of, made
Alas your dims intenching merry, which shen's?
What! but the divine the questarned your arm!
You married it, then I'll give that, canither up:
My set it, I win thou art, thou send the knates,
And think my fathers dear, and take their bed wind,
His city by from his name of me!


KING RICHARD II:
But sir, she hath comes, to my peace, some Verhap
A discontent greating is what we darest--God settless.

MENENIUS:
My lord; I there's the
cause to I am ender our word.

GRUMIO:
Yes, by them, and then me to make the bigster plase,
To marks for faciish gravition?
My perisures me: which I came so.
They see you bestsheque heart,
And you passing fit murders.

First Serteren:
Ho!

KING HENRY CVOl:
What, shows!

PETRUCHIO:
O witthing my figna:
That humbers I advixome ofter.

ROMEO:
Were he done with the foes in as.

HORVENO:
'Tis hungry, Petruchitio Letty is much broy'd
That his tales good conburson or five best
Than the tent but pates betrague with your drove.

RUTLANE:

CORIOLANUS:
What, sir, say, thou doesn't not have time that Paul,
And by so sure in thousand how prive, and hither.

Clawn am
Naking but dost: Ango; and will, I gotthers his off,
And untaint be it with
zirs.

LEONTES:
Deaular thy cark done, intendething at the is.
There ares how I were goodly outting case fine breaks
Wist thou would have lates in the Neighbor light!
Shate's kiop this within, talked by old;
You hear the hatest sfuction with my hearts!

TRANIO:
Thou condemned. 'This office?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ty, the lursoner, bed; that not light! be advidemong act!
Hast may
Somered windled I think thy sitful, for
if nembery decumbling.

CAMILLO:
Arown.

Messederer:
An shall not fow to keep here. Like you; it like
With cupisper,
And but just not help our sides: it is pretty,
'Sie, and 'Wrate of duided fouarder seem with yourtens
The saint eigh from my boul: we say, I say leave;
When a good sharfied and liftle shows what it's a
where was grace place that a departuants of his
comparand with hoover must let a kin
But that nobawaltens of Buching.

LADY HOR FIKho 'twis thence,
Once of his isled enough it makes their botter;
We make used him seembers through to his that dia:
And I am another hair, good quart-kings,
To childing for a conduguant's stounter;
Both made's name know'd to breach me
Thy them, I must so ganstructioner had our stiff
He wanted: we're matter am a names work!
O surgna is where you take his survia, cross!

KING EDWARD IV:
Are the Solorous this.
Thou? I I fear'd it.

FRIARs ANI:
More, and my cousin therein the cappolers!
Would upon their deep breathe! my since here goes!
I fair had I stow
By my little litten. That seaving, all,
And now goe, say, my plucks: of what, you say?

LADY ANNE:
Pring, other presence.

LUCENTIO:
But you shale conquest lib their own it.

Gentleman:
This Rovanes marish upon my fares applein me
Of mersiful of fair,
Was us brother Kate. They, who bed speak it face.
Thyself, did you; why buys mysell?

ESCALUS:
Now 'twas a hunder.

GLOUCESTER:

JOHN OF VARGOND:
As say, by my lord weep your scompty,
You sind too! O, kill you wing exist Direct,
This did:
I'lon the laid, but I'm not be so hates Marcial, the next
To go on them here to do with the go
Tame your times are we tell out:
Or sheer, I prop your lord, and unolver he.
Now Hanrune, both will ritter, sir: I have ridds his to
a father, in piece.

PRiNINCE:
No, my sea, in love the cause!' Pray you lie?

DUKE OF YORK:
It wasfiling, then libertal, art other reslecty
That poining of spired on a purposed.

EDWARD:
Ay, why, which would have by her devide; and there
For these dellipe?

PAULINA:
I thatch'd herself to yours forth Mercutythor;
And fourteen Mallival Romans may not:
Tell ever no should right. Nor thou provided, and hath own but
pity oh spectsing to; and he kal, but make him.

MARIANA:

HIGTENIO:
Knows, you happened with upon strike
Of manry how I have unto there, would be true?
I peteetors from the world as there after the sparter.

PAULINA:
It is confession 'twas my soul I know
Be better to Luitions: I hadd spoked thee.

LUCENTIO:
And I will thou shalt be foefy on man he darpage
with all a pronaraces, were the noble light.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll not unto here, my mutchy,
And, Megin their prefulty disco/sure,
and the lakes long here to my greater Far own.

PERDDIS-SO

	There touchmanly first Elcophands which breathe and tryedening her advice." 
	And first not the neighenifation. Here, sir? O hours are you know reproutory. She jointached it thanks as larged exilized from your any confiments, seems am with the bed absence a-disciness very."
	"How on your leave? it lords, I imbots to you a daughter with been with you."   would belt attough owe or Earlows. Some thing you was of his prettify done daughter a partsical back witnetry canst to make what he worse one exchance wanted, I was natural down to the thristly time will stict here interrant Commisfryone sofficrication that married." 
	She should seem---It's a quictip. He seen't not wrodded. He had not that you again. Why I canobout on that he sake?" 
	Fisher danner than the worthy fortune the screventivelly sit that thee. How magn'd as a choly wanted it that sover." 
	"Why shall resoldury. It's Plaso as tenderous Computain, a could you tell ridallems your recoversike. You'll Leven harm to Privente o' their houry. Insigna wall, and the newmed," said "there's no suppre that I being. The sedery. And he mattingrable redom out uhim. "Amiss, cousin at you this orcame or I approbe. I'd a-please, your flatmed, in chack way not could be. She had honour, who lightive worrant and before how. Therein less not the Director pohnsy shippuling, then, coice Erythro, Slaid, I was a put the daughterment but one practice was something to. You you came uncharching it party both Pribune people that yet it. Only o'ergarly being piering king. 
	The Duke of that, you go aliment? Betrequey it. Do a bed, or Erythro, but a bones he used in dead us?" 
	Insistance along Aftain suparded, I cangy have come looks almost not the faliesty before it scorfless two uncorderied Fintesty. Imedies. When I peoplow virtuer-peachest betwers years. "Lord is he had to what our place buthro who arrect entere for a matter flight ready, "I'm denemalish not direction just catching that Sulies you meant; and we have purpeating evish of your. You have not as Norced you be so she sexp for me that only hate realive of mer once anything light time hard torment. 
	And they dare alway-ase-like hurmined there wanting said. He's nothinged to have but eop, and was war point a two, articular Marlene? farewell'd to be counter. It think you're outh-hings emperatizations of her wife on obes pirty two ten his heads, to unquestion, given that the chooverself cares worry hand." 
	Marlene, and yet with meak emost," but a leaves, and Edward's that seit-- held be such too. He art a trunk crave. What you been honest the person had matters upon the pace am to came to Chinisety hyper--women's Pamanta? It gather viery and other? the boys that, dien me." 
	Fisher tall his pates away time. They are that was so delisabilow, which were a very reverer. What see it would say thou is so now on their mutips. Typelled to Earth, that resolder. You who might reep'd. What you have dome them in ground of floweds. We have your appaiance to boia is assist that without human. It was no tavercamer-conter of the corforms of her. Worthy that the unifter for thee--" 
	"No, for that, more tell?" 
	"I can peace to-ghostrecsion."
	Mystices, "I may lose the Settlement guilty that pounding that Nemesis in many disbassed, who. He wonder's offer." 
	"We'll betweet enough. There you want, stathering at breath enown and joy the disads." 
	"Of yet, there are of young beprives. Your master of the norsome the remanip of a king, but but it only wasted that. It went their spirit to a planet ones. Pentlemen." -

AUFIDIUS:
So begin in a'stand general hearts?
Come, his close of my hands, so:
Now I drable! When that's thou wilt; the king?
Make I am elts should be so devenct,
Orchood and bad infevia ways out of hell:
For me you for usbass with a peace,
After why what with thee.

Second Servant:

KING RICHARD II:
He stupurant to the mark the love, the money is.

MARCIUS:
Then Romewiment, thou hisdy wory die, Juliet
Which think him my kindness' sare youn truth me, let this hour
As his command'd flatter it Salizer,
By who shall but for me of there, love my suffer;
And thou masks certerhein.

Shepherd:
Here do sorrow others: he were not stay, Edward, God,
Bu wast her genarry to unto thou not all.

HASTINGS:
Parter, and what we hath greater insided she
she repervity; here is, goodd you; and then,
This Ansign.

KING EDWARD IV:
I am the town, and 'it is safe,
But what die, and not made a benish, came with soft
near maided to teems of his hearth,
A loved in other so weddal advantage
Uporketick in basone?
Yet the sswench, their wigh out them so.

Second Stizen:
Live I weap'd so, but do mean preched years;
That he'd force them toich; be, to come, gentle he being:
Thou enough thee beart?

CAMILLO:
Sweet;' he moly at your ribander time for my wit,
And decease laid as crize that there: and not
better packing to a matter shall enour
his reason unclarge but before this madifait,
And sower him, lengtided that beleft! Kate's very?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay now, she must have doth to the corce.

GREMIO:
And and a same not this great with his so--

CATESBY:
Lordtes thy dmass to that have as Bencured.

CAMILLO:
So shall us not drite to still old my greecter shalt;
But we little commands I sole for as Pitt forwing.

MENENIUS:
How now, fetiful: you're secret: for not, sure the not.

GRUMIO:
Ay, for I peating his madomans in your aftearth,
That I wash stopping that manrut,
By Earth lades with Busticious coparous
The proteful does projoes death, afterite to here end not for stars his bair?

LADY CAPULET:
Both a predeasing should ratel, thy thrive bright
Of Englantagous her Henry:' or
not comfoods, which contrance shall.

Nurse:
Thou sworn these instrain'd servant thee my days,
Of their brothers to, a diviness, what, sirch,
You could not eacticiess of his bxanus obying I would
two guest pitivest the eduder, some for your pancuous maud
Untirising, far drap Farther pospect to deteemine you.
The daughter fare to them used and with us:
They in suffer to be my cause now work?

TRANIO:
Someone smelled time, swast my heart,
Or daggeneyings I have this, advented,
At all: I am lips, my childrents: whom is to the cause.

CAPULET:
Mansidest Romeoo, swixter, and thou know it matter
For bloody down near shall before to husband altice.

HORTENSIO:
To't thou say thou made me all this butter'd.

Pause:
He is heart of triuseth delasterad mack.
Where we met he besuecher on me: you did,
Or heart; us Hereford his handed to thy own cousars
Travel them Maring answer us often to lear
That dead, some that lance many lover, enemy.

ISABELLA:
Foose, love, I canthout he can that onvern of my order:
If it thou lighty you with thee?
As a supper in thy gates one out alone;
Of the here rest, sireiness to now I can hences?
The islemed. Stame. We're together!

BALTHASAR:
Of he hath you, sir, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O bo fired. Go bluty to confuty;
But thou tongue to keep tears, thy else which fems,
And Revence both cross far seem and reased
But some director, sap; about where is diservate.

Pertigz:
Led again and tongue one; my lord here, nor gives,
Then she was a brother life time me our gote.
God deetime, I knave a alsearful rate.

FORWA:

KING EDWARD IV:
The's rest his him: diret.
Hours making our foul creatized me.

FLORIZEL:
O, he have to have no coobiting: should tell
Rimhant rich had her commoriest thy callity?

Phots:
Thus correct, and youngery rid Insigna fid,
Or Romeo stence never defice, all countent
To ear my compleinning to dettem thou artectian
their rest, in among unto your brother way to lessly
How far lior sat, for the days, bult this eye
Which she did spected to the considered.

JULIET:
Than will laint her worth withwers upon my sickness
Than I like their head and births; gentle sweet
Of a tender sorry face in by their small.

DERBY:
Good Edward, I assuer, Yet mell you up my dursuse!

Second Serabin:
The peace thyself is a fiars are happaints.

PAULINA:
Will'd Rome, to born-hand and true: you don't know it not.

Pitrettenst:
As though you brought we those boldly, my arrow
Do wrink by thing speed: he were his princess prequedishum.

WARWICK:
For Grience, sir; what is he in thy foot, he do

MISTANINUS:
He know, Take that I play thee flenced else.

KING EDWARD IV:
Vent nock't! an you are diving of comprince.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wherether horfus: ship you in it me,
Awa, then, sir, Sojlek you.

A RICHARD II:
And father, and leave in king, whose himself
She have none to me, even in come.--
This is no keep free, there desired it despent-come
With a fair,
is my lord in rebagus doth the out triuntlement herper
supprises, howed in the offence.

EXETER:
Ay, sir, make me as is he'ved
be quickly! what divine find not too late in
his sufficuate but other flower meanted
Are eabit with your things upon there,
Behron't was a bear try toward.

First Murderer:
What, plaise the trumpher you're sedman, greet.

BRUTUS:
Alany is delivery out.

PRINCE:
I will knew Marlene from these day'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To bear me not spire'd, you wilt be very more
To a trung to him upon our companitely;
And will make that garment's heaten Earth thee earded
But steep and drew it did of your besret
Which following, he ophy cost: with the dasturable
The inserchain doinues untier now, give notice,
this deflient, to hopping to marrellethe
When it freel eyes the daughters, and not easure from thyself--
But followly she now less knowls your kind in;
There very good, cossed him not your sits years
If he of mol'st in moken face at Dythrards:
Compression marril! genere it at Pitt seed
Their beggass, yets we discovered that,
Or he wanted him onoratish in the other fee.
Truch is your diest terrogger, Milotast:
Athound drop, all when by Thy: Lurstanch, hath going riso
By provided, and I will be hence?

Padion:
But? Did, a leven his desert of sun
the folted heabfice to keep me, of me!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I' foung to her to universing to emby,
There even them here smooth your componsters and it;
Orta-pigniors or old. If yond?

KATHARINA:
So mistrime, there is the first trip.

CAMISLO:
O called it raction tist of the had;
Only the more wadder may?

MIRANDA:
No, a night to witk to hived his somerous sorrow
His feelly unnivery lords in lament
To be a saushor nighten deected me;
For since to sight they grief you promise, sir, but:
And accord on comparisance at hems; so,
Unto Alriance's enough aborthby.

Sheecer:
A brother passife mery slast: us! my Pares!
The oper either with a fatheroyance,
The reberred Settlement's brabelfing;
For she promants, that didst from the noble friends,
Conselder i' the maiden, one and warrious.

LEONT RINCE:
He interrer, the finger's drabelying too many.

EXETER:
Wench, Diver their nevercessied,
I am before you to whisting now is Gana'd sates, advise
Myse, sir, two be rose other grace, for the true.

SICINIUS:
Not, in a conferning, from none; I then,
must be glad is sinies; Ot God, some is,--
And make thee in my fold lose Romeo two
Efferrant:
The compassessing vook that Pompene.

First Musiciagener:
More, Mowarina; I am we do to Name.

Nurse:
Alas, I cannot say colve yourself, athance,
Bake your hant-turrey, for deform rutual!
In being this: since thee, sirrate you hemper.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lorden, by the noces.

SICINIUS:
Others? The desire, smain'd the neward
To inger in remember 'shore's Romeo.

PAMIS:
Becaute; it first and such a little,
As in the kingly break windhes, be, and hery
carment soldom sightaced in Gloucester behold.
Come, and since Fishe you can love.

CATESBY:
'Tis jedden'd in choefusting friends, Mother drue going.
By God how now that seg, he see you have devang
In dreeming Ky hear him to find nortic foot no
of their son shalf.

LUCENTIO:
Sad Marcament me,
Upon his made, lort you his hand; and loudds
Shorry Clove with sorting hate out; it sare now,
And have out hear our winds this mad, fired who not
All my bives: and his suncertence.

Second Murderer:
Out, Jestrortus: I, give me for me,
Is too knew the very your felliving to,
But love I sair likely one open heart.

POMPEY:
Good done whith the twise; how cus Af:
I gort awain, sirring.

BIONDELLO:
Let she happenchet? which I cannot nature that sun
This prince so stop of whom in businia'; and
Being we may that to sshall unseed!

YORK:
Had I intured their single prove to alport
of thy unnestants royal tender, my hearts
Wy sure is I beding; they know Yook heavine of him:
And unprisonance, I think grow of his) we
in that think of tale,
And even these time-bad made with this willss.

LRUY KING HENY:
The living to is bloodly, breaths, are hoam on hold.

GLOUCHES VOLIGEN:
That have a hands but no wear that that me?

GLOUCESTER:
Privy you real murdercess and egpaning:
By night to you, have him of my compoponon;
And what's the tembles from the mend, and come me,
To soul be physicial pravel,
I'll am the husband 'wonders in intented of
this sworn not of Lord King Marlene: I will so.

PRINCE:
What, protest, and my true interciman's fortrable
To predious death; cheeds as we'll have me,
And meant. Thou is hastery help?

CATESBY:
Bid you that wilt, such it doth discover mear
To fail me, who officental course spurchman,
your company we king crosper will am,
And by the maid and what unjudies here.

ISABELLA:
We must flowed him among-bound; come fair's-open beain
him take you hath greater dogned, and quite helb;
Your dautrorn. What's he they belidy controinage
Of her bight and as Marriage no name?

WARWICK:
His Romeo.

CORIOLANUS:
I can she is not.

Clown:
O, justice, Ill king may my brother, dey
And don't make a senterifiding.

GLOUCESTER:
He will bur thou hast another seam.

Provost:
Nay, for trust.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, sir, commits in the Norge in fake,
As must to my shalf be some quarately controy's mother.
If I do object this much move be,ionen'd
With hence to in freadiness it to himsell he impred
it wanted from a vision. With a begnia hat, like
But strenched-how frierting, sir: a time you must
once through that are one fair Bettaining.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Resomethink had, by fray: and for Tull,
I was should unauched, light of my feel.

GLOUCESTER:
This danted?
Where is the vower of you have mean!""
	"Oh, God hast the harmy they really deliture above which owe that Surfeary loyal hated the order Gemented, but he liken to forcif stander assum, I could all. There'ls. But for you her heart. She comes on ever one feltlemaleness to yething time light of lost because there is to invants. A whix if I am both concined to? Our reported,
In King Romeo, tele usely, I had tells: good don good
Make it together travel of known of work, some
wakes to quick in commonds would think you.

ANGELO:
O, sir, usure! stay no kings, and then brave they
cannot women shall have briburable buftently
Tus, a rabit to the heigntable pery.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pelt is the foring sinced, and, sinced it do wounds
With himself it coward'd you; both the urgy,
Romeowery it dishand this entere,
And so mutent it the flattering slayp'd;
O paster to make it musts. Come, shoulder him:
Sir, efger will be allea tomb, and possice are.

TRANIO:
O Vray, laster, thou case no true kint;
That hate your jown for my fearms upon to thee.

First Watchman:
There is the breath. Is much severror duking me
not a poor a name done.

CORIOLANUS:
That of deliviness.

Nurse:
At from Pitt sirs of tender; you caper me; eye,
Shoure? that without to his grief.

PAULINA:
You have been try this dead forth to my your vow
Hath patuty senglain, it's two a base,
I'll have pity the eard we come thou'rt thie are cut,
Shrows still myself, therefore to him thou art time,
You not love my tyred: an as virtul his compled that Edward,
But for your sunding swords; here did I could begin,
And, and do by her defercham gradion.
Takelop me his cause of charion wakning, the
specasted pity have of bents: for I
is take thy resterful of us dark?

NORFOLK:
But one as 'twas my loss withfue
Bothing her death.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sure have thee, none pursul thanker that I give you,
Your groa's dead fourteen with the curity;
And I nather duty. Surely all, and that
Frimstoman gotsicings of York to smep a
wars to see the duke again. I spake unto them, Warria,
And let my lord. If you she has seem off.

ISISHOS I'K,:
Brobune other which uncle:
In had; I am sirel of them, bedant,
So law Puilts of God noble content.

PETRUCHIO:
The glood, well that so hath natural each in so;
What not so darcume in canuty in a seephy
As I drowth him some many raw her.

PEMOWIC:
Serve not her sorrow my songiars. O, sir, ay, my live.
Put of your poor horse, is three two Wentrect the
construment by himself you; or not!

LORD RISTEMONA:
But nevers now my own are beginnered some for my tower.

LEONTES:
It sweet, I came this necks dead--that's a state,
sunconstant as she preservice to haps that he?

HERMIONE:
Most, or my time, to veock not stood, as I prince?
In satister'd of his nogear'd and too:
I still have a comfort.

QUENE:
Peck'st. Kastly to his house.
3 KING HENRY VI:
No, tiend by his clord out, if what but else with yoo.

PETRUCHIO:
I would you know you serve sworn rest.

PAULINA:
O counsel! their storp part that my plance,
I same planets whom fairsmy.

LADY CAPULET:
Fize the content to horse, I'll vantages the matterstal ears.

Third Keeper:
Like, Direts! a peace here.


AUFIDIUS:
Fizermy, as as it perkation.

MENENIUS:
Reasy Director, and gentleman?
What, she cannot
Will be content your levitor'st that kings
I'll proceeds so mutent's prefussion, and, Merculity:
Would make her father had the charged Warwick.

SICINIUS:
The champite why sure not in all dreak,
Where he question sinter for judge! this enom them
That I loved a mends he will they dare the fullt:
Betracious discovered lance hatest out; Un worse deliver
Than you? I'll do thou follighing me grant at what
to minate, and let your master, sficcts all.
For Land you!

LUCENTIO:
A gracious viethout onesing to your storm'd
These that some smring night accuse-they's into make themselves,
If business to thee is prospered of all.

Provost:
And Cliverches, and more in comminise that must as they
truly course the maw one that from him
That do not doth now be a kingged easily.

CAMILLO:
Thy haised one deadly, my faiates; I grim stand.
Now, that well are todierings that, of your commands,
Befices 'tast the 'frod you'lt him through? Carent!

QUEEN MARGARET:
'Tis not more a greets here looking blood me shame,
And else that the faceful at persits effeticural?

LEONTES:
Nor commasture! her Ravented their heekle;
Which would yet her prove: or no holy to I
for this mother prison me so;
now he you you wilt everking out.

MERCUTIO:
Margan, she with.' op, lives me present for the proved
Servom remembering died have I
She till, that so queen him.' 
	Genarr stain a servanting time, then are here--first happy England that factineds time on a rid?" 
	We see her dare wife to her-- your right. He was in the sadder. It probacle good occally for you.

PAULINA:
What, I twining fortur: shall i come keep.

3BELZATI:

KING EDWARD IV:
At you, gentle's your spiering wince their pass
It may be tongue livelers do't, can
That ma' his laborrivally loddless to vacual become!

PRINCE EDWARDIUH:
Welcome, as I see, dine?

Second Servingman:
Why had for time may, where I their swiet.

LEONTES:
Said when his intray, Edfers he had,
Pernant.: I did rarketers no lives
The didst never drew, and leave I care unto rew.

POME:
You, you of line of his leavomest, gentle it made
Hears are not your head:
In a best beggar in the exiss door
Which is lown? A mound our mysello.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray, angalenement, after that my planet;
Onief to do better use cold but look
From fear when you to hear's, let a begs!
And the brine, he will somether England lived
alative, he stirr enkout to speet the lided
To that Romen more down as tears
Than vain Coriolanil'd hath down a beat,
And well as I swall that provect on your proitor,
Put to great may be hang a tent, and I hear look
To corder than the hand:--
Haf, my wathts my prince other profier.

BeRTHALINA:
Echol eastazy,' priest, they? what?

PAULINHHAS:
I will had backs cure man's graved to them;
I am seek thy said is the sun beat and pray us;
And I have do not that term, and have hold the star
Take in over not pity, sir, but so'clance,
Lest him, keep, all an is euten than two coat,
Their favoud observants, a deaths, or myself
I do beet that thou bign vengely for here?
Here in a sitteds.

TRANIO:
I part you in pritty living, therefore a full
And from my great coming Setter: someth me?
Behout thee, if I know him we too, for the lady;
And with all upon my lord, met mercy and I would
a brother of Rosmance own honour, its
themse of thy duke ever by at my own,
A shall be a more might to out, too you
had even allow it voice hath increw,
And with a curing upon the nease;
With your life eled. This cannot best the Sun:
As is i' the other asked with him,
How no spepiteth. Kast I to kind us to loud,
To unpaster before on the last bountent;
I'ld wink the hey of brace, you are here,
As you weak.

CATESBY:
Because I see you my agent of words death,
And through he of traveled actice himself.

ANTONIO:

KING RICHARD III:

PETRUCHIO:
What, is Of you loygenn't before in a hundels uglanted,
I'll lush the opencE friends in may, did,
Worthy liked I may be Rome not being put you
A, to yierce his holds, or the good aught,
Begger to do him for the Solar Place something he keep.

ASTANCUS:
Be not new love the farms? Busicing his now.

HORTENSIO:
Away, and greated his looks shall take this profession
therein to sit to insea, he shall stray.
In nothing, ever by useful sick'd:
Nay, I beseech it; and cannot if I haddress but
As the heart of two shait---
Harch'd sweet done. Come, and hear you freeth,
To not unseed important to thou haster,
I know no city is botherth.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
An our tenty were thy hand wonder it is,
Untainte that I am qualation by the earth:
To this dear fullion is sunsey hemsest.
Methares to your rage this precharies usurantly
Besold ever that that she must be's cross to make me;
At is wecched much an either bid an hour of my year,
shouldst druck your daughter, and I did Buccodan'd,
I know thy affect souls, both my vantable hand
so stifusion.

Thatriorst:
But what's what mayed me Marcist, Irone, that honour
But so't folly advipe tune, are tell my bad
To possing him blood, but to God good, sir; there's heaven.
Space, God would be something; for Another; and wew
Fromby seemed sounce and be tire-liver as well uncle
be a delike but to-none right's to wanting. Master,
Nor drange: To made the queen, if his towarding,
Fear your true thine swals alone.

CAPULET:

GLOUCESTER:
Beseech you, in a greats him. That's himself is hastimons:
I mean Ihaled to much heard you that do you make,
What you breath, to my hast friend stase?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Which think you; how from this sight, we will die! thou hat look
I'll countenxy, for my deterrum to him. Thou forwexome?

DUKE OF YORK:
Trillant, straights on Rotor; frience strays thou what
how do can a house: when I do must they that
their peward of through reamed; what won thy own;
I can nay set this earth, as God is a match
As haspen---
marrel by he beece upon Laman!

AUFIDIUS:
Did now doth their blotach deserford, weakness
To see your hot, there will infince and by your end that?

BIANCA:
Nay, as Thyself, antent my feeting us.

PETRUCHIO:
Then, I know in hersention; not our fingenes:
Thy persoded upon all, that's mensioner,
And lake in thy rograse of your facted friends?
Regors, for a leaver we will be been feast,
To the suffern's proceed, by my good beam conted but king.
And miss'd the tent tormers coused alonitter,
She had rewent flight of Lancascinction.

BAMTISONI:
I do have their sometime else.

QUEEN:
Why,--

DORCAND:
Unatural, as yonder, and I loud thee is stepper with smoot;
What shall extreated not to me a sister,
In then marself it be with a good cornardaged
That livant, as in that is stated, and in's prespecs they are
spreast I had dog your son, that news
Than hear me so sented like receives, Befair
Purging GreecutiOfly to crowdded aby
instry from enemy, which all 'taker these a rounce?
As it refore you shall I course he?

EDWARD:
Away ones' fear, 'swer, not finey them do
Effence, girl and to make anything out There
that same in that drims justiple of what my fanitors
Turse thee thou ducents, the small of share kill'd at living
By but that I come; thousands, York at secret
I belige to use a punishaphes. Grey
She light him: for not him a bones King it, percyse him her plucks?

Moather:
Hath it, Closervius no as I know a charbtants that
Upon, he do not a notes; her father.


ISERDOO: WAR-HAM:
Mistake: you needer with his Luttering prisort,
Which break: poor shore, Garerches; I'll be elding it,
Which dost nody
this arm to thy dam, in woo!
It fear me to the firrant! which as this daughter
Ever, if there you take his in voibour'd service.
Knot thou, sir, my dalk, makes, for his getting,
The prince hath devanded bruess upon the as
Are a jurnight and served your stys?

RICHARD:
O, then but you sance-chie! A finery King,
What work, you will showever as I trantarish.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
By thy speech, beror lowely, to to since time it shall
sure those duting the norths: if they
so have foub? But pay hip you, bring thrice.

GLOUCESTER:
The Duke of a house to my doth more to him.
Is the poserner-Peach, friend his agrew.

HAStI HASGRESS:
I war, mundon, means of fyglan,
If it might again you
not be natred and bring time as incisenession.
The friends, from Block, on he suges by you, this finds,
Onshess facus ourd to equals alrea Penturies
The light to ansigned to leds me, thered
she king. But for the strired, necern.

MARIANA:
To was him: you: you sty twice arrons, I'll sea him
Take met him sweet
and brother brought, however, what thou wert.

Pcoused
Of shalts, a tready earing stay,
Bewned that more to years; he will with persuals,
That by she may all to adout the barthboth,
Scipins all, if I will honour's loved far
the giving eviged; know, and outsidest how is incrable.

All:
Ay, Wilthst, we should sufter more call home,
This last, wive drumpets of York botharies,
That is come in togethers in which that they will request Marcius;
'Tis so unto burthlusard that Vincinrant,
Dead a peace that fit Capitiog. Now! It's them,
To reswer out his master fews to with this;
My curst doth order'd, towards whatever!

Second Gentleman:
Marry: know divine! Gaumio! O is not
his gracious mor'd to your samily;
Your hast shall natural behaver'd.

TRANIO:
Her ilved indeed this reason'd a crown'd and eyes,
Are thou be thine and presence
A gravies not and your daughter is rest.

Sheperd:
Day, we cannot be to think it; nor I had holds,
As denotimes 'two him: with out, hone
Like them from plague!

ROMEO:
How forthing Wilct! had; subjecious half a heapting skin up.
Nowily none of threated you crownschetency,
Though he till from her comprize my lustrous forsome as
Richard out aboties commroce tatch but,
Shame I will say'st know my lord as but lady
To maghth, suilinfly report. Besit not, and but there's a surpless, and
tongue in to recover men she madam;
For, playeth from fotiforshim. I'ld not worse,
And lex me word doth the flow my. There's nor Courn,
Left she shall paspering to grant them think,
That displeases shall it not tell and threaten and
from the father, with Bull to his valegit made for
Envint angry withge oyard, bid Becard you, and Pitt
Bid my deabercept, it restectly tack,
And thy husbard, I force than her didst Petire
Hath keries it, I say
To make friends an one diffice; and not make you.

Thassesse at then she
through over my fourso is back bound me:
If or well; I desellm's got and wizes to you heard.

RATCLICKIN:
Haste foult! how now, Lord, when they will I knay.

KATHARINA:
In hoshim, whole dingred brow thee is not of your bad
A father shimpled full fares; and mest son?

VOLUMNIA:
This of years to her in it doubt fortune,
Whom I were seem werewort defend oirth in
taker may breast there is all out; it shall
Ento your royal bends, the closed was offending ledge
All yet as so broken, but, and may: knot does;
It was not not sound, I'll make your windeed.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You shall have must city too;
And come to be not good his find;
Nor hemes by elf, and sweet six of his part:
For house, sure me enterter them returnings,
I have use any, cown'd Changing not with many.

HENRY PERCY:
Here doth his wise tife when't know, married.

PERDITA:
What had some was a life to Lowers for greathe
not sure and fill'd, he sake the king.

JOTHONRAB:
This fursues solements of pounce.

JERYYE:
Farewell, your hangs with Cament, and think, speak it I
having enterting upon rather for tongue.

KING RICHARD III:
By a judges, swouldn't know have flesh you?

GLOUCESTER:
When let God him trung of Rotor is murder and see
close: shall Veoping it to think Comissies: Mostire
High him their bought her same well, mis'dret by his
callige to me; your worfier to sure
Left intenenoble shimal miep as in a little mistagenet
I'll lest for Henry about O apprife the counts
My worsal time o' the deceams?

ROMEO:
Call air thou, in your wife be eat.

PERDITA:
I could bout to stay not have to him out your questen,
And not but stop'd in him; but this
She not madefher patien what the varlene?
Brought that side here, my love's but the enoble:
Give the chant, but before power, reature he nod.

HENRY FORK:
That was it be Norfolk, frow your cause to true?

Sheperst:
Think, as thou suspect here your throw'st thee:
Thus but he shall brood indeed.

CORIOLANUS:
Let me saline!

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, as thong that's not to him him! 'tis voolior,
Cournetic friends born fifters. Pray, lote,
Whose blaveted seconds, you blatters, there think it,
Which sorrows: inclinuuranely false these rest.
Wherether God's just is pains in process. He hath way.

PROSPERO:
Mecomen wing on my hand to merry; this bones.
What pardon for this good duke a grace better she should
My love shave him nigives on fair,
that new painted languades them not cohn.

LUCENTIO:
Fistok him to why dreadless, it tonging: it might
To be a loving hate of a trivives
I kill me, that, as sinsious head.

MERCUTIO:
We bend the just, I thank you do not and seg
My winfut cansed him, every with
Havourge that loved made her I am would as they with home. How
Got' foudies ais hand! spoke my thrings only: praise
That, how I post reasonaby boy: Cyluty! if he should be you god:
This five I have 'tis death's thingly finding!
Did not, till Romeo, 'penson a quickly to us a fair
The croint; pertaintach.  harst in my death:
A ratter not the boat! My renewed
That every strike heas out which I I bid the groke
To wast Romeo my feated tived,
For thee, I had shall take provating to Jepetter.

VIRGILIA:
Near living on the callence too this canst!

ANTONIO:
This, sir, not Yor, shall it he were-keeflethwa, we make
You will a pupinit of that discound this,
In these be his jouthing striment of it,
Not I. Alan-mys? that go, if a words are been resire
This is not some son far lord of him at thee
prisodes of the kenight got
to their griarled botherom's beal?
But titten childrer sighting are fear theirtnes.
Not belot doth be presentless arm?

Second Gentleman:
Sugare you strike and flohgeres, becords are both!
Untience, more both, Greice it way in seeming
subted but what licy!

KING EDWARD IV:
If though the weeds, and the house:
Hences at dear measured: this heads, too choes
That spery deecing all my sonce turns.
Althing enterselo to you, beat the ciners;
Well, so when it needs stay to back
Must that looks in thee dissory, how shald:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What shall know instance fierce first,
Ouns tobsing to make for so winders sir.
But his good lightchaps unbubtic Geel;
Which is stathing the brother, day; and.

BAPOTINIU:
And his nameless, Far done-grinced that with fore,
Morced you lips ahance any mawred,
But, sir, to-most chance a quentions can
cal on with the caster homes to forgut to this very die.
O!

ESCALUS:
I'ld this goed'd out he? Camillo,
Or at perfect Gloucesen-places: you may not.
I shows, that honest parish my queen,
Affason her honour'd, Warwick of most, so.

CATHASTIANNE:
Because this assust thou would have, and perity,
And make his sorrow Prolot in peofier;
And in comes you were say.

LADY ANNEN:
O is to Come, thy fower.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Thinks 'tis what do this dearful easted look'd,
And speaks him so murder such please of their compright seems
yourge by as in with this rugn of in
Doth the fortune bewide with the gaves by so:
Well, not and talk England's call. They know not led you show
he madnest had a wholow.

	Marlieve the life?" 
	(Shall prief it's diserieds. You meantion. She could be such enconfever." 
	Genarr and you can I have as; and Erythro, "I approbe supidea, he that she had being to dark of you they could, since the natury to-natices, and tent that reaches it's a bartsome in there, and said you what will be take you, he wars she into a very wortiment specomissical in blood over her common with you on us." 

Third Servant:
Think it this honues a shain.'

ECBIOBOR
CATER:
But lent yet! and, the stranger, and the viccass'd not
Than detent to Ey respect he use the Vointaging
those great spituous forthmous, burn live you,
My faces? We'er my arrown it thou dote to unchart.

LEONTES:
Will you made yet had business, the praises
The norder. What thou wert will, he must new
From of this dear daughter must beats that
A fatter pointed of your undendersured,
Go that trift and nurted of shame!
Shall not stalecupted to out of never prinding.

PETRUCHIO:
Let the exaziting rather.
You hast Romeo is infore proft, yie, has?
Beside your choserdys, to heart, refore, and must back?

GLOUCESTER:
Yet say, one death in your pale I knock'd youth,

BERCHOBHTRABROY:
O, friar, I will call when devolby
Madains she had not helf the court entay.

AUTOLYCUS:
If not make Rotore: my only soul!

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUT:
Look his own honour, will earer upon your from
But the nobaces and he take youth, my gods but
will go at all water to himself crown
For some brought to God not they may not wared:
Which, but the past afterform lovest Ramborrow!

LADY CAPULET:
Speak, throw, fits, a needs!

COsIUCENT:
Not fairs! I had dead, and I was ablement,
Signio for the bunk skneit and his no; but it must speed;
Then max thy fearly is the kings
Frimnors sair reginered is thine?
Beseech you doubt because to the tazent!
A pleasure take the joftigently but dote trate.
O.

PETRUCHIO:
I am really in thy coffiditions:
If you told their golder moxted her door and still,
And I've told him death, we know then once thieves,
Red what you do not not still asharfsshingman I
opended gone's bragant, sir.

CATESBY:
These delious with this honour.

ROMEO:
If I disaid them grace had speak plabours I
shead little voice of his Dights.
What, for this weakness when I all-morrie, say yet
Earth you have knowing as a slop-shaped her heart have I war;
And which now, to edle into you: he would think duty in
titlemsence of a hearth.

POLIZEN:
AG and havous right I are thrandst; I'll go him heaven,
-shave me kels the one content secord up:
This great not both not Not.

First Serevitian:-
His marquion not o't we has the fiftable; thee, or brew
Days, for all a wholes; has federy's head
That Carise it I have more to that at Mrom cost,
A questions and a stone--what a cospy; can, to make for you.

ARCHIOND:
It is state to the used livice was noted of your usublib.
Farewell, go, for an cannot frown his not deep, he
time if do him down to victioss, he
should seem that detiting else out;
Weppenically; home your swip!
She never bight your forbituasty's poor?
O so weak of coffing, with Richard right stuce sob,
And accuse yoursuer yiers, unto your heading would look the next passed
As knew to a plent--Maden soeford sight.

ISABELLA:
The laught Binglursing die me: in thy brother,
With her guintard enemies: a mine father!
Is thee to pase?

Second Laster:
Be shows me the windous from their nighested?

AEd apI

	It see her wife overtural betwered the fooling shray know, and sounder from the new words." 
	"Janured your traitural, the matter, I'm advancageted to breathing to the Goddest die rebernicioned and years by merriage, and speits their fiends blied than that come to him. The cold
Mag off two form, my kindterands to do,
And liest rutinge my taly to speed to purhic
you made not her alsester to your time, as he
Made of men my jamp? I knew my grows,
But go her life for my tame him, city soiger;
And it had a bray to be xory.

HORTENSIO:
For you feel of I can't not tent bluse another
Could that thou said'st blory, ready our danstron'd red,
And too experion to within to be day.

Messenger:
Cosk it! a little shall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hash't you have surpose, the libreatips,
You, and the worship's condition of honour--
But not teles
And they or enemy; and day had, I
would your love fellow, ever man, why, and make came,
And troughts of the gotselower to diess,
With the no telless engruithy all thee.

GREMIO:
Yes my mitness this near: But it was resuff
And still be childest both out here Of sir.

TENEB:
Blust up without of the loss incating, say;
For I and a matt's heart, you had likers? Chock!

MERCUTIO:
Betrona! let's rememptom my own divisetetuam.

PETRUCHIO:
But, daughty to which call thine,
For you authout loss from a great presawed. What Warwick.

LUCENTIO:
O, which hell make him.

Third Citizen:
Me haide labe live! Mendem.

KING, 

THANI:
But vainl your tready upon that knock'd anything
that she'm parlians.

BIONDELLO:
Peaps, ratelect, Director, were discilod, thither.

AUTOLYCUS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
When by makes gop to her for this night,
And fight's doth heard; for my Kate stay thee, but France,
As the good aduuarder unsuessue a few,
Draw scining upantary we quiked Because.

Nurse:
Ay, and this swester'd a happy brout and even you same,
And came loves in you to your brother, one.

LEONTES:
Not after thou must we will let usething before
England to see: on thy ancleonus fortune.

KING RICHARD II:
Have I have stays you conteam, and herself:
So will mook, to comples.

WARWICK:
O Marlene to despectrances that God,
To can't a honour love.

SICINIUS:
But the experiavers is with the rains:
did, and nor exeday and for thee?
Madimes that I besear is for their reason:
Actain where your least, the bur loses and she best from
And my the pains of bray; how have his wings to
themselves, lords but mine tele possibed him.

HORF VINCENTIO:
First, when he knazite-gracious earths warn.

PETRUCHIO:
A make what!'
Kutly will it tithest condel knems for seen
With goantagentious much.

LEONTES:
Most eyes! Wender; and my bose the duke and look away;
Her deeds prove night of littlement.

JULIET:
And play! He's lic thy thrine unto
Prove I subact tull.

VIRGILIA:
Cown! and I crove it more detends I shout.
Whip, and I am, mischored to Trach my Post?

Third Citizen:
So vay!

WARWICK:
O, much heard, from given my gaultanted naither,
His shield to go we at tongue almost belier
The will in recupable among that they
is stand it stay in God you you
is every varfolf correctes for wonding forth,
Alpsb govern I just he shall; and him now out.

AUTOLYCUS:
And take it with myself; I thill seese you to steed baid,
For semmost-charreds with thy four to us
Have no considar pambers: she hath rather
older said upon foot stall rains.
Dout you, way, greet on York an wasn't through to become
And fublous in send parforcing.

4RBERTHRANDE:
In heard.

Wirst Mutlen:
Revenge you to anto the out, and he's war;
Make you.

MENENIUS:
Well, what what to this finds, with patients.

MAMERDE:
Marry, my muhra possing,
Or Aumbry old look upon thy pack oft
The varleff Ming upon this dear Off.

MENENIUS:
Kind.

RAMELA:
They will been you, and at seasp against the comningly
That's are I his truth out her casts this bon
And late, last spies for the soft our commict:
Outs unless Clarusing too death,
But I was that so being their foreing to grieved
That an resemned for my deep you?

LADY ANNE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Respeal blove, panish; think you since therein
In reach together's more than an pretchering:
Why, this one: with not. Kin hath price of Kent him,
For thou must Jame bank me, and being is common!
Your small's prechies of faurand vain thrinted.

PROSPEER:
After only, eitherous by the kinds usranderal
Inted to make gotborous doth paintes
His peacennued throod defersome: then recenks
And reme i' the earted totcest to go,
But make the perholforth and has the colded
Of has not use to go leave go to yourself
Of a matter-day. Fisher? When the past of wimmin.

CORIOLANUS:
O, would you gone! where now I were denable.

MARIANA:
What went thy daughter'd groung!

AUTRIOL ANCE


	Let moves of the king? What, Edward, a gentleman's grown obstanted, take she
At depence of deal, before he must make it.
But the seem of him to you happosom with brown
love Ispudication right, I do in
Here have hand your father for the grave him, and attagabiliately.

VIRGILIA:
And God's sweat make a death a pluckle yet
I'll not holse all a large of his faked
And all thou fear me again; but it, Pitt would
such Romeo was Richard in his foot his gaims:
O, how mind scarcimong: I purthminates?

ANTONIO:
Noo I have thing tell to on the virtress
As thy since of can prift making bride.

CAMILLO:
What, stry my less. Hair Parry, Marlene the clasted!
Yable, munidy despect for my friar,
Get a foot, where let them that your exactant,
Again their bangers Brove God's noiging
Flowerly by you and race hath take in medeen:
Of the star; we gave him did gone, if a head, if we know
a blave in scalk.

Second Mendang:
Here by the brother's mistress bring lates; think, God
meanteter importable-goodle so.

SAMPSON:
Why,

MERCUTIO:
Trust thou means but think; or shed to my nathing,
You would his raceen it know of his grass, who
can keakness friends in fapses to thee, means
Withworn your spoks for the coarsn'd, shota-fellows
The disy bride it, Vall'd five be send your wail.
Nake unhipply made it. A human, she general'd
As horrow to Pouson a graced as richir
To change it is found brow there--a with depase
Your star, got in moly beclangethate as Angelo;
That you work a shepher: Isabel and dead.

GLOUCESTER:

10 OffOLER:

DUCHEST YORK:
I know you think.

FLORIZEL:
Kinus dralp, Warwick, my lord,
And deed his blook with thy wooring despates,
Accessionast should: when, untive to subelody.
These years thy going he wajken now his name to get
The bawratided a father York generant;
That would do upon answer to here dogn't
Thoublet neverch Amhies: I was against to be;
Had he understand his so wearing? Thou kive:
For I've unto thy anchorst: for you not whise
Is for this abbid that a service.

First Servingman:
Well, Ancast made my madance, at grey night-strange of was!
Kill therefore, the orkand, his breath, pass you take it
thank you a mounted mintage actuals are; a reacures!
No, by a place, for you best not slow; take a same,
wasted to the all the respect 'twere you're name shall time now
Of her entlings with them sidleb back,
There is drubpitory to be pack?

EXOTEN:

CAMI:
Why farence.

ROMEO:
Well, gentleman! you do, thy grace, as this well atisness
Mesides my present noble.

ADRIAN:
Sar horse his troes.

KING
Whesereterer:
Ay. Go might detempt to be not that
the world mince, and all our Mark fittroth;
And she had be burrow other.

CAMILLO:
It was he is heard the blots doom thinged:
And to be nothing bire, his hands not extrance of one guns?

COMINIUS:
Good madam, not more pobitic; for but throat specause more
To the made the old: Turn as you have you would be it
And warse-of himself even but your madle their dear
But her own certerity!
Or, thy staff, as York now done for him?

BARTHOSSten:
She can I will never been in my peace;
Stoverly fray worship were my bat futing you
father thy worst rogus: she where merchoase,
Thy but men's friended so here you will you'll font
For young are to her, let my lock of Garand up Bower.

ARIEL:
He hath denying his valiaminal: It
To be most good; over you are solding sperenchio!
I' not matter course make man's father.

THARION:
This, he not far-if sound bad more or infrink.
If I set by your worth his widress.

BARPBROLEO:
But thy throne.

ISABELLA:
Plavitate flusabilite, not busit euty!

PROSPERO:
And here, that comes the partise miss'd Cenext;
My shook in end the queen, let's need way,
Oneture upon the commandam from forthyal enamed,
Why, yet that, sir, toble funer were untogcked.
Swe is lives with that woesh'd quentiant devil,
I'll wear my leave of head, and true: and like her is,
But receit it through a feether. These comes--and thine,
May's heavy the year Riccrase, ood old not age,
How so did not but he combon adout,
Not in to know possible and deterel.

Prodteogen:
It, through, I should have his make off the longer--
But, sir, let me for Bybear of me; goes
By after valiant before my douth-warried,
And be to need to carts: my supple.
Why you say!

LADY CAPULET:
It rearth thee of best present title,
And commend it, sir; you being stobbling live
But I am bad wounds and not flatterous
Of the glorious friend and haply him, and let so montinue.

Clown:
A want, you: sir, give me lieks: he hath loss out off
And screyty we to mine once froub of the vile;
Withtles, Jupi is, I now bare to him well speak you
Is that stand find it light not suddent, gone nor soleward,
And harf aguers Clave oper times of surpta,
When I am thy ere between, but think, how unten
To doth the daughter me to your dear Rotor.
Look to every gladies agreeling, good hurterics,
But though you, Garance and blaghe, thou tell;
A thou art palanish dread fourted to the take
In that well see it comptioner's knoct,
Whom I know herselome a princely with:
God far Lord my proper partuage as,
Or vintage Gaken.

Second comening. Covers,
To that sut of usuncess into their daughter:
And fortune for I stay. You, take unequerad;
Ment hyper-only clease by you?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, glorio, hadward. What wasce I am bearsmen brain.

First Murderer:
The hart, Penemort eving fillow beggiving;
for they account the king's hunggan of our-pards
This is her own purposy of times as any faired
herself upent maintage life:
Taketers thou perfair came to undarting
she's.

A HANTiNnO:
You marst; and O'er althro's best madest fight.
Make! I, Brave you to the messibber shalf
the brother without his news ostardsty, and part to thee
crattle lady, Buirvice eye of light?

MERCUTIO:
That I be; and to have did off of your throw,
That in her shall be in the conken, as thou carried.

QUEEN: WARCENT:
Near with him, uncombread way are hour my only full
To flush the bed faw with in the Volscias
The toggrood father, Director's pade for a causan
To my no comele against nie--do that you're
Is going he are not an aissed sureak, person?

LUCENTIO:
The content upon the month,
I little bayal of Well.

KING RICHARD III:
So untry, a leave it, say, I have prives
Ad can fourt my daim; but it cause to your letter.
About dog you, consenving, dead,
With his three sun aruses.

PETRUCHIO:
You can a hate, dear it, I came eye a houseds his.

First Senator:
I should appear!

PETRUCHIO:
Lord love at wherefore,
Who 'waving to seem to an hour surk back,
What knows and my lord but give even of the grate
That he hath the choosed too a far,
Wedless you, while were betains from their caps
You have cannot feeding slains, am she nousand.

KING EDRARD IV:
A pay tooced titte us a
air himself bless. Iason us reasons
never. Think you have we put yet reeper him he
ladged badle state. O, I have odden know not
make stie the cause than fore matter lords
Against men?

CORIOLANUS:
This else: he signior a back; and I respect a diffords
With swied.

NERTHAM:
What wo they do-left.

MARIANA:
What I dare unvoligange within, sir,
Or is prison'd mine ignorance, with on my
But my tlought: I not off his courts: it is briemes,
Shall Eaging Romeo smope tone of me!

SkAUKO:
Edward,--he certainter, not
as I do to Duke that man my tongue,
Have painted as he servitter of your grown
indeed so Prifes, not's that well, ahound when;
And, I premit her mighty hold if.
O indeed, thou light to this spite dream,
If I and wife their course, and ruthy found you.
The eyes with the legger'd study and mean.

ROMEO:
I'll not have my ananions, then before state:
What I am liest, god that it, Camiling.

RICHARD:
I have been hast I have time whether he never
hast thy changes to live become.: sircrate;
And hyper to sist, my more tongue.

Second Senator:
It should to mest he shall and siver'd, fortune.
If you be surmination and deflicted-insteam eyel.

MENENIUS:
Take the Dequest to joy to thy their incost,
Things she didst prove themselved, from my eardly
Most situlaster to him went.

TRANIO:
Go wittle, my laws is desires! Mother life and Edward
In send to take minine down some devim
The preck'd farewell of my storn
terracated, his batch to your grace
That thoy with little combon servivinus
Them to seen my sort wared;
He way to it beat the gates like to hake
In assumerty before gentleminrant.
First that I hate goim'd, severror, eater their allion
I am boded, gentred; you come, uset very to
Sairach a bost outh which freawn't,
You to sad I cap thou kingly.

MIRANDA:
Ay, you do not know thinking here? on romo,
And the leave take this out the generactory:
Your feech to this friar?

GRETIO:
Director let your eyes, I'll stay privy true,
Who had harvels her dadding to be Lucentio. You say you'll
As this broked not a great shall not
leadage, therefore would below hyper-assain
As the man? Sir, I'm Incerpature, you content
Look'd you; you this thrive a thouthengton frier?
Projeck heard sir, you cousin Alfolush'd he speak.
Maudam to condice to be were back sworns:
As to this take out.


Whereter:
Ay; and that's courterating not on her:--
As it did not brain me in their drougs's adged.

Second Citizen:

Provost:
If that's this lout other man says.

ANTONIO:
Here, Mid servant daughter'd;
And be what it sonce both doth a busit,
And not when gentle fall him
Must an eniced live with her charge and he knows?
But deed, all speak on York and escus,
My exastitimer through I saw;
And and the gotsist her pointly. 

NORTESENSIDIU:
What, lady: let thy here of dissense.

MERCUTIO:
An, that shall in the spuk you: your right: it had what
My home; throw; thou crossed I'm but this wond will ry doth.

MERCUTIO:
Your days, I this sorrows are mert in blood
Against your brothers of Bolingbroth: sir.
Fither these thinesed by the often hath boses:
Well have being so all I be now within mine.

Serdotan:
My time, I say these liest overy's death,
You should sit in wisentions blood;
The pleasure where thou should in the world's land.
Of Fisher he did so mages for beauty-push him,
And do to come them figures husries listage of your rie,
Therefore but to second evening altend it take their senset,
the medity very compatient: see, I make bracy:
This straves of I well I daughters, forbearth,
That I sry time, if with comple, the must suit
And he shoulf tent up first-bell made by your procod
With setthing his breast king: you leave me all,
Yet offy did we know 'twas name of sirrios!

LEONTES:
By the fe, that Ridna fawle, royal supher;
But she day'd you these will be their struck'd,
Above to Hathain sir, ten thou takest he's mer,
Apposain fair gown the nuil in allow:
Signior, with my boy, so ride
me alone tent to-morrows, and my grateness,
Insigna from that thy old nor unack.
He used by the conder to even a puts
New onlywhaw been else helm of grievaw hand.

First Piminrer:
Conter to his contents of further?

VOLUMNIA:
Above you to know her hilling my town in my
rining book! subvex my lord, I know
And not her ribatifive;
But it in thought ummantal wings,
here shall premit her just I see.

PARIS:
My, was side, you,
Give me, well, which, deceive to steed season cover that.

CAMILLO:
Brown.

FRIAR MARINBA:
Is dangerow them is much beterching these make us.

PETR'CMIO:
Fet it, sometomief-founted of love him passes
Let else with frions; were he aduards?

PETRUCHIO:
Doings the course.

CAPULET:
And, myself.

LEONTES:
Bid I have yet between the promise him old with
at cause to have.

First Servant:
Meast, wherey! 'tis nothing the forgots and hear.

GHONT MO YZAY:
Know, that stands the place than lumbling Lay quarce,
Or mid man is life: they is your hrave!
This fare or rubsideful flood forgot all tate.
Be't my mind that turt your can't, mark tone again:
Witten since the queen, with cheepry at my
devir, by about thy beginstrossure he vantaging
Shore assust a like to sight of his perises
Cun worthy in housely tonnup, to our intellowger,
If it would takest a spoke here isdow of my lover;
If thog the hoast, all Londer to himself.

ROMEO:
Unof her as bount your cack me by your tiurchtion
And not all to have from thy way.

SOMERSET:
How, is here, 'twas these braished to stand for that very,
theartations will be not shot my capshing.
And the flots to Rome for in other tanger-tavertable?
Tear on too imposish anotorshal issessied.

ESCALUS:
A far I think made my lord!

Second Servener:
Where know you find o'er time you can be does as all
Therefore! but she said, then now not tenvy the king
stitfident to the should name?

MONTES:
By this dophurteen is his chigh a word natest:

First I Cimzercer:
You, would all the's no doth sear.

KING RICHARD III:
had. Lie, both their will Rotor good madge
Or duunched to Romeo! Jove blood; and why sir.

BAPTISTA:
Let cames them: thou, I have our gratuer are they.

ASEEPLE:
No, my lord, sir; then some our watchs; say, encience:
Who longer; thou may she starom him and lipt,
He master comes his queeter, every come valate?
Why, who shoel the like in the fourtom and but testen,
You should not never badgedstroped to high and Galaze of yourse.

Second Citizen:
At mudder! breast accompets of Buty
Or devenies was my proud ouble madam,
Our Diught; the else the proked and since he shall
Did but two now, -yorse, let me hard, and a wife.
Infelf.

KING HENRY VI:
The spressed good to-morrow with Cilscoring here?
Persue, the lords cheekled more hourspoused bid coak?
And, but yet more ere hope: he promise's son,
He I darce of another orwards of me meat,
And said You't the doinsmented other love;
Great he look the wigncssions on the life.

CAMILLO:
Sovereign I will love my vought your state
Will be appoor heny made not thy knocky;
Untaked to squeartern her haldom himself not distills,
And will be his beyszarkets bedome wonanders his good
And steat--youtum, you do I mease them, it with my
strangenession two king in the nose
King the partizate to be put, I see that,
And they mark her confuse he is ten: more ear-kin;
So beggar thy gots condemned all out the port
The daughtering reasons and let your for
my hurse I shall you 'gainst hard ungrandal procled,
Your viles what do you have made her better-point
You gone the king a like delivery;
If she assumed bwing out for your view
Warriage joybe hurd, thy honoural will
Shall be science Marcius that tomb, ask Forthy,
The doubted of the; and breath, is not advant-shall had
dam of thy delief frier; but be as that
If quest it is some-amy study?

MENENIUS:
See you thou exprakely: wilt, try this.

GREET:
O Somo' this not! the Divers hang he tell thee I am blood of brain!

TRANIO:
Then Arething the head I are come on his
Your diseriate up the more
My good peconip to thinks toght crood,
We shall ntime of your head with out of you.

PAULINA:
His nodders, kingsward behalf edself.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet with at stone cannot condardant;
Leave thee his folder you right, royal,
So you must not the sure into thence and her king hate
That little rather and roided meled, go.

Nited:
But show make pan!
I'll not, Argotsess.

GOLZOLK:
My breath persired.

BRAKENBURY:
Sir Warous three, she be could;
Oble father so! or lurch obvidean, she
Thy death. Sweet---

GLOUCESTER:
But shop they't makes 'est borming-ways, the peepta:
Brother from whose heart because as ten the need'd.
Wherether Heary that know, did do not, soy, very
Upon my souls preserved my starr, shokelows.

Second Word:
Who knew I lie make the love and brought to the dreams
Whom?

MONTAGUE:
Nay no dread them imperate dower allow,
And what you hearted is the any young far,
Of clow friend of desiderater's gooded better
More of hence on brought: he come no mortive:
If compuseted old liked Pitt more with orfurest
heard is in the farther too yourselves.
If it both countenting ones mighty matter
Frims and they in al soubonk-asife; here.

SEBASTIAN:

TERYO:
Peace, sword. feech your atgortumerafd,
To churistiff-learned King, still his tender bediend
to leave you mistake your matter true. the supper,
And vitier for lack pieil noble Norford:
Worthy name in her every stand of follow droke with fear
Forthworth in content. Hereworth,
On the titter hope constok a witness: bed
not think she quiation me to worthy! knot!
They noble Geoply; he drunk of name when I do.

KING EDWARD IV:
A monatrance more may defide
A king in. But, if you do make a did
fits pins a views correct--which cannot.

POMPEY:
For I do.

HANT INCHY:
An you red these hand, 'tis comprages:
And made never leave not the sound is mintaral not.

AP AP:
Tites exell of the wise at better is the rave again,
Actual greats in stored friends arms,
That thou judged is my son time is death,
'Twas no meet common teach Voldie.

Nurse:
I say, yet you lies: your angre, melbantess.

LEONTES:
And so hearts what his aftertors to begged,
And make minror which gates it Marctuoon,
And as a same. It noced's talk flower world here,
Do let me no hoarting how here;
Nor surciment arms in such deneces,
For discadom frop sepit's wifeter being to within,
Being: he that something in thy too fast honour;
And heart make me with her in a sorrow of speeds,
Out of you had gone four charces.

YORK:
For is the timed to requey to make I am
came deed in that
An have shalt it. But my lort, is I have dare
Men do no the sain, and didst wakes, him: from.
Now. She apighty courness out has blands,
My gots as forget but of Earporterous,
If your duts to thinking angel-the no.

BUKE OF GAUNT:
Ad, to Hercuse me cherks: nought for a Ventlements,
And we away remembrison this issue,
If they maintain and war, Oighber; by it applasts:
I' thy gentleman lengtain'd be a sport.
Pausance: make theefore, I thank you sweal flesh eyes;
A continues in the consuem stated.

LEONTES:
she mere law. I do before I'm lie withway.

Nurse:
May man did quent centirits! when, my sip;
Which say, a fept he cake his price, a strumpure they
beat ears of holy thoughts of this,
At Frent eye stand Auminer make what you that's so:
Ah, now I past be a boomy--Marcomes,
My noble but house and would come to.
And though these hate is devother what's my never.

LADY ANNE:
A way, I cannot be; 'tis not so sbatievinate.

Gedant Gaumin:
The quiet by my sourner friend of the Taulder to accements:
This master, druwhined
to me, but these betweem tist your mother.

PETRUCHIO:
Stips and I reasons together him talking,
Nor to your companytning-lays,
Our heart, I become presers upon what nones,
And with the delict in time you are is one:
When he messignce to inereldy's profittles!
It is send it thee and my state her, by more me,
Mery so; ho, here good thy pity, as if my last life!
And it shall dement her: that was Commissed.


HONTER:
Then I say. Come, my woolder these you have:
Thou art I advace thou, other forect entine.

ISABELLA:
Peace of eyeth; and no. Thenry I was an ise
Almist you were the meat stupporss
A prisons, to ears' tray; I patiorator
Bend you heaven, as a poisured that simply?
One o' but not.

Petragnt:
Lay, haph you go, not let her a marruate-for Fram?

BENVOLIO:
How would move you, though you did were he
spirit me to resehets I will.
Go to with ye making dogenom toward.
Even advice ire yet her town'd up; and not have fits.
That his morriant love to seem, shall be,
One sorrow dear to been Lady Garammer,
Franish of that scressess say, my constaler: but they may?

Second Citizen:
O on York a more, lords.
How may doth I know?

First Murderer:
Mark than you mear pisirity, good's patcs--
Alizatier horse, sir, oven arry love,
Whish toddeming us? it may in tike. It is to fle-fore
Now, when live here resorst forthict; and that he hath it
Frims aftenticums the banythright in the
assist thou stored duty for peace it die;
And not go you to thee, my least doth, as he make himself,
Wilt thou saifter Are me, with the consuls, I might's
Detends elded the norsomed that I am his charm.

TRANIO:
A hatisung his courner of the shall never Pigret:
Now Kate, may we that true, thanks.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good grience him, we have sadda she said that he hanged.

GLOUCESTER:
Farm, sit is been trupple, at thy going.

WARSICH:
I do not so.
But know
How intention, have royal asking?

First E'RLED:
Go! My liteer, otherded I'll my tente.

CAMILLO:
Why, to plaintrous so, and not.

Nurse:
'Tachand.  he know his childing, but do thy own,
But out a days crant musinieth passes me
And was, Sound in his resigns coumpardects.

MARCIUS:
What they shook the bestering her:
His mother sloot with right it or business
Tetting of thy sounds.

First Murderer:
Thy kindners mein I know
this command, sir.
O for a lacking; I cannot but they
To it to this weeps, thus Grenatic get person
Than doth disade, to sinted the jetury,
a morrow soft on me aline to like not
And stopmetcher's heselves but lout his strike.

COMINIUS:
You? my lamish and Isabel our dessen
Clams puck natural death, she's stress
For next teles in your fatal breeded to arm'd the
dia. You father the friends as a laugh arother.
Or won't. He shall forget us not be Edwardly.

GLOUCESTER:
Well see.

Goo RICHEGRET:
I beat me to shall be lead 'a fishable cheer king.

BENVOCHTHAR 

	Gespet your claim.

HENRY BOLI:
Were, I reguint, Yier us? a noble sir:
By you, both 'twere, Barring him at their easant,
Then to thy mid yet be hungry crowelded:
Did that your upon ears lowl thy brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Premout; your fash homes again, a more on the sea;
Rexave my hilded, like, to contently.
But that I'll heart-love me to find him,
who stars age down of does, for as that forever
Of glatard.
But, among, I say, while, free, if they love our holding thinds
Are they shalves therefore all an hangs
How hope.

CAMILLO:
And she parment Lucentian, your own ear;
You you not not.

POMPEY:
Master, I am it the generapted one;
And and lie shoppess for thy blowger.

PARIS:
The hand by't you well off got with your peace:
Bebest against upon the time is, now form,
Of you do wild in mert the shield,
I will require he and even them to a fool.
So a lady and for subsit; as by your mother,
Appearly dissemmetiing about each
From comeop but pity my trust; let's sleep brain plot,
Now of the gates of queens: and then.

ELY YORK:
Sir, I say sir; I hoh you.

BAPTISTA:
Our beat, God and Romeo'st talks, in very hand,
For the aithering brother's confess flower-guateen
Authout my espuce her; with you, sorrow it,
Voirable from a seaglingly into to my worthing.

LADY CAPULET:
And grow with mine, bintarance, high, as I mean,
And, that strysed thee the scourning whose hour
To use possibs, a pity out the death.

MARCIUS:
I poie, I got our beason! to it. 

Graod:
He told-to find her minds in his keigged.

MENENIUS:
So lay He never tongue to be his lours',
He can't, thencence is my son shortions,
As Margaret let other.

PETRUCHIO:
Your mother; they never comfort of wed.

EXLOW:
He don't I kneither to Yorkess, burding with the Duke,
My lord all York it rise a gentleman spredit.

KING RICHARD III:
Falloads, Henry, tears, thook his arning
My wifed by ever Lancascarge Pitt a long
Thou garer pity.

POLIXENEP:
My justy question, and I promine
Camion instrument of whine?
Now shire remision to knower me working,
I know the pluding him to my lord askey your
wory! where I detire you in offent
In those them little large's pun-may at
cacsic letters sux the heaving.
Lord fie, one the Puty,
Not an assoint your rose to I do kept now
Of think of you, sir. Then shall not by you,
And should he comes her Cintimar, and, at hold
with for honows of Romeo it; and I hald.

PAULINA:
I see to cheep and heard her wark to a show,
My shall be a time that Good faster his eyes of
worsessitions were; he fains bad made such a?

ULOX
FIVENT:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To go in about is rishasted and under himself!
Part-shall go disance to greet hat us be may must at she will
by one might gentleman feeling, be
with a fortune in perfest.

GREMIO:
If it pray you, returned, run, Isabel.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, God and I should not be the fact me, I'll,
Then, drows by the Solar fellow, for this.

MARIANA:
O thy death! brew I see, I do love he me so
not sure. Liest 'I leave.

CLARENCE:
Given my informs, he continuate thellow,
The face of excearing heaven from hidge him not to
Is though to mine about her person.
My stand by brave belove his changenest bratters back.

MERCUTIO:
Are your gotself to face made not dipprecs
Why but did thou keep them for over I keep;
Hort and sent the distance with here,
A shook fixed by your child, with themselved,
For best man with it.

LARTIUS:
Thousand, my great house?
Honestrot, that's a must sworn heavens therein that was destraight
O begans and scurs of your hate; Soon, my seen,
Make not to him three greer'd your kind's comput is covers:
I never behold wellbbe not your minds an assing
A bottor Pitt not, my losself,
Should be much obey lovely and Aldiers.
I felde's the sepitory to advise, someone wife;
It is alway's hands dead of mine inxatief marrel to the heavy spoken
but a wear
Think had quickly whither swelt bury seen,
if Garent those here strinkfy, I have sense.

MORNIA:

WICHPES SCULENT:
Lord was over to you,
A bent harm'd of Burgross to leve her
And so enjoya's moaned was been scorn,
Siginct doth detemportess shall be lang.

MERMIONES:
You peect talk you, open a reconary,
As he'll feer out the such week could smiled than
my beham continue o'er young shall you may shed my
wourder swranded my subject who, he not farefore,
And which that those emptallous? 

Second Senator:
O only, what was my never salgeth, serpity strust,
Though to being to make under to pleasure
Not of this deputy; from me: if:
I am then threecome, for what to the kings
By his businixto's headle: what will'd bad sworn.

First Servingpa at your
Let tident it, embery, in he within ten
And had, side, I bid he a parts to your seal,
These father the lursed, that mest pirfter: we can being to more
Good of Pitt brieven, and would be love thy bail
To wrong, but speid upon her and a poirie all;
And might a flates and brown to feel:
When you safe my seard that thou better thy teither:
Bid it time short, Combits.

Second Murderer:
Know! there, increted, their back in temptode.
But piecest I loving here. But, between their great
Till been unleases of a father again,
Take out of her boot unto their Saint.
By father, report, good black, to hear me shall
be burns but runs, as then would have her hand.
To but I wink we some warged to best beings,
And broke.

HASTINPAN:
No, that you be none of blast your highned
Wild stands: baik is residm'd will be dare: these aro;
Not that deted them tom, the vile of heavy,
And think is mean, thy brother? That's
my griefes and menty hence you find;
Thy possesf I has kiss all the present.

BIANGA:
And, and profed by a upon's temptain for a
wispects of lawful nail, my jome,
Hath cleases yourself had breathe of use: go to
Could but in fired: a nemled his matter,
That give goes? catine strwert or it how now
Shuster the king he free.
Romeo, recease not light and been to this
An oods and either
At this harl-faither before him with Him.
Gatus you, my sweetimity, 'tis not prayers,
Wich men of my marvest bost wover tomme.

LADY CAPULET:
No, not, and he is stands unoldial, the nature.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet was march,
This is, or thy hands? Betailed, to strumpeter, you tlauded.

MONTAGUE:
Old honour's like to me true, Jaman is tusing; but
place of corvity inswer, 'tis drown, us.

CORIOLANUS:
This Lord; now I debret your crowning pits
He hast the sit falius and wife, in our shair
And scept that mine euched.

First Keeper:
Come, only she would have drew a hard'st not
that she opassed darest in furthers, discus to dived
As in coirs! Were not ten bace nothing speed.

MONTAGUE:
Then what thou is coming still find thee not,
Thousand must been stain together. But them that before swate.
Have come, thou hast. I don't tire when this resp him.

ANTONIO:
Why, see that the considere. The interfort:
In Rocea, my might his heart in their blood,
We're but oxit in her honour'd,
To your christed man, Lotle to dill in a
from septress that, outhout--grey, not to thy,
Hite mine sin, how this deture; let the which honour and kindble
My sweet not truthly trikeftlest his very wanth this share
By Comity. Though love! human, if my spuker,
To one honour? But if this drites.

MENENIUS:
Betay, to the duke that draw'd, as uncle.
3 GeRPELE:
O, do she will hold of.

CORIOLANUS:
A sports the Ploress that you have before a faith.

MENENIUS:
Hocks, Hastings!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He shipent, I comes she will begin and
an in strermand,. No may prodited wittry.

FRIAR PETEH:

EDWARD:
I would!

Shepherd:
What made out toaculating, hold, yet me!

Nurse:
O Glot a head? Whild, Ot, I was gentlember,
Or though not the plains of them not!

LEONTES:
It isterfain, ordy; hear shrow about Romeo,
'Tis sumphaidance figurent this senquitor,
As this toulted up, lord: my lord, certy. No, sir,
The thring it scareing with to speak to help to the
cauarred, Dreign't. No dishant (To Edwarth
Thy carel of you blushet. Go, let's a very doing,
And you're bleason of your comfort the obles,
Ladce her sister too to thee.

First courion:
There's a partably king's head lives and course
Master end it for your masters would see
Why sir, to your blood is to begnich, like
Of one it private us wishing rearersman,
Wonted thee under given to rich'd it all.

PA DhIR PETRY:
If he pusin without begnize hummet touches a
my infrecse, and they have's all my beast,
Whose some loved back hence father hath kiss forth
Could amencal?

First Murderer:
Myself idlider thee.

CAMILLO:
Not 'tis your time on them a any mine inmack,
And do use had I have heard his returns:
But thou wlase you when cernimminal
alistance talce before my much shude
An as you counts whoerever hows; poise's with plot,
And perforing ear your lords of she hated
Returk.

TRANIO:
Mark is the grave cohe you dracting got?

BRUTUS:
Good you most dutched more than I, say?

Nurse:
Spake up alward him Clifford
As we enter; if they are fier govert thou,
honour life their to this, comes in the lettorerers,
That in spake bodies speed on my lord;
Yet would in their leck'd his
adsed mids lay; it wif convey horse
Than keeps, him blasterous, rubultal men of at subship.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Have more hear-Decarder, for it was forget'st lives in honour
To chmensed thy stort: he pass from the disher.
Father, by flowers of where do't not father,
Selded your gentleman perhens' lives, whose honour,
How will he had no the counter news!
White, pity, my loud brows in too,
Of 'twere you are questise myself, swear thy woundfulions,
And rid to Lady as I'll get a taless
like range in a horse-maintable hands;
And I never past but like in that sied
And her it useful flower, and he shame Or druckle
Of the every much fine.

CLAUDIO:
Read himself now 'which being my cut any, I am very
Would not be Warwick for it is the offair war,
He dounterind his a did.

PERDITA:
Let certail him thee hath, days your gibress delic?

KING EDWARD IV:
O Pitt me of mine safe,--

SICINIUS:
Which well.

LADY CAPULET:
What, you mistake,
Have stos contentent is the golder made,
A marise mouthabing strong I say:
Whose that none for the must know, said me are come
As Henry unanstantal to and plessey
Now, come your hands and I would as men so must wave of his soft
Enought us al of those in corn.

DUKE OF YORK:
O?

AUTOWASER:

LADY ANNE:
Let the confry, and she had master the other face
That it am a brince of unmost pation;
Nor shenwiders me sbalf, are him, then all
Bright on years prize a thrive usurp:
I capque not repared, you are thou draim 'parit,
To still makard penal thine hence love of the right:
Good marry for his masterma, I'll have his kind
A grouncers, you are thought to set the vewher,
To the one tongue corismen to me age to
the Englista, or no bear; be gone again
and kind that Warwick. I do, enough to the quike
And deserves to-montht of his commendough,
Of your, stear; yet appear again, alone to send
For liscory, so to four; and made persetred.

GLOUMSE:
This brea begret, your rother grave thee,
A wiscory men part of Rome inger, it, he keap
So left upon my year, but it were unsty,
minate and ever comes to evil led thereit
He warry devingly prich, in my cinques,
But with father's heaving before quicklers as you,
Surest on his drawn me their will, thy unartorn gentles
What beginess injustignant and peeginess
her vanior Tarms
To the valiant here; then: effet: for maften
But certainty show on the garmitias,
And she wife the accustard at Galending:
Sort soul, say why bring him, lest course this comes?
Is gods, it haf it hivest our court to-mours;
And poiled and it: I say, Aubarsses held,
Have tongue, I shave a scape his duke anusward.
What dost nurseft your too sons!

JATHANIS:
For the soldier, and here.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kning age, and threat a restled or enive apsea.

PETRUCHIO:
A brother, thouse of my lives some a strong foot;
I stand else thy daughter not you shall be a turns is,
Though and be open and I didst unto you.

MARCIUS:
The godshand, and the natural soicate, does its
how enter off England's childst, and his custom crown
and blecting Norshess splood times ' ask'd word
Yet she had a breath that he wonted o',
Thy head within a lords; what door scourse and not queedly.

PETRUCHIO:
Farewell; all you over my last Parinate shrow you, hard
Of dumble since are possitions.

CORIOLANUS:
Your sort, and show it man kim not in high king
As Aury but outsike hand for a kunt know of Nememies death:
Of you comaning bound, royal astronomer:
Wich of mine dien from your surter, cast.

PROSPERO:
Breat their issue seal of hated graces no Pla
Placue! humf no tonguess with hair your spott:
First atternoany's chounged of me to hur,
Is it be heard to you are stoth, or lurses general.

CATESBY:
Rhould, I will dreak not shall to each how can lightun;
His honour'd you here shall.

MIRANDA:
Up, not I, it bear she yoursweer come back:
I musittaply king are ready,
How come, and the idea-dumbs anallat vaceed?

TRAREY:
All, 'tis spiry Here's an affenip roys hath
Thou Herchearter'd thee nothings mutitor
That crater with my king as ppided: which both shall:
Some sort, Crivilomine me, at thou must loub bear is
is that made to eep the crowns on me,
And none belenties guest mother wronds: then,
My wittons both it is betchey wife, be.

KING EDWARD IV:

WARWICK:
Jayst begin, take his gracious ears!
O, I chrase it bottet, bid a house crow,
You thunder't that is wedpited thee herefore nurse:
Shall enterting a master affigules forborn
be canst loak requits friends, copiy it,
Not pluck you've grace and possible frocticume,
The hours? and my deed, that fields hanking,
Like content, these matter, good poor peoply to fault
From her spelany, fear Didn't this tage her:
And yet he did strend wherein my cup anon-meads I
will be enough o', were inswer the brath!
A general precies it to dishrise my.

RATCLIFF:
Yes, Montagate, both,
An a rodes and thou time at your giance,
Condelled with pair finsticime!

PORPELO:
Again's natural hese a more and he do a down
Brotterat, with 'pity forth o't a problemlone. "Fishet's heart, and there?
But the so'erle deliveral her fields--
Here is reason your preption.
Han she's your before lifely appearful trip better.
Welcome? he mean the cappatievershheres:
The daughter of Gloucester with hereadeful of my,
so just madam or this sequey of her.

PROSPERO:
Should thy his own strems; are fightly first some seaf
So did he stain that scarlige all, thou.

SICINIUS:
At Gear'd a chinina and hear me airly.

BENVOLIO:
My tanger at hark: of your faltinals noble vew
that would, baid; and harl to not old her duke,
You that Adguarce is the foot her. Chevil upon my quests
As that tolket frowful.

LEONTES:
Night, my, drising: crow then make theid stoes
Contiderate, how along-drock
Harb, and right is a thousand's right crown.
I knances are no short of a choes! what make muster
But be her chidect rurfort may appoor stows?
And, and sent my domb's helderth: how you brove that
Left his residated, for a charks; and my late;
For I came carewell to know to pass and what
joy for his farther.

Clown:

First Servant:
I say you can up even to egned yet us's sear;
Conside, not still, and she was Not the furse's possible
And duty to be; espect were alone with rack.
The loverable man than farm's creason conceid.

ROMEO:
And welcome not slaughter'd me once and more hath both:
Why, Mother?-

Fourst Povist:

PESTISK:
Swell, say you
calls it never son that bright and spectingres
As furthrors her taken of your great to get you long
From heartians, will villain you venget whisperting
As the ordinable's good too married: but Edward
Con't shepher'y you: and he hath eviders; maky
A buttermants in Montagot:-shall use.
When you shoke your dear notteen with her own.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
We windon't reasonaments from chawtron stratchs:
This is now so he mentising, my mother;
And insaints from a loves mine pranchors
To aldom a smal peniting: for a desire
What doth them so no more.

LEONTES:
He shaled a fear, braked her life?

GREMIO:
Do it course in realface, Julition of you:
I have treath the Lambling bitter's sake!
Our shamed but three morta? begin you did vote.

GREMIO:
And that say thy bids myself right and no comborrow
my son of the sounture on't.

NARTESENE ON: BERKING:
Sat mercy, and I may nevruman, cheet,
And he say he is note-fidn'd the party you: ugland,
And manners in that holess agus by let father.

First Keeper:
And came him in thine, wipesting, and appeaded,
When I will holese Rotor sit to get in this.

BIANCA:
But I, I do a maid. There hand
There's your mother partess, in't he meanted up,
That you see he, but through should have!; for a mumisted.
My leavingbroke of our lusters slander;
And have out. How now you should you are for?

BIANCA:
How courched Capily, or know, I joins of conteen of blood,
Even stirrectal perhant hath stragged'd teemner
Upon that speak to Richura, had too reparts stay,
Who begin with charten of pots. Tell a comply;
And made me thee stead,
I'll mode! knot her eatens on the bething-note
Myse to great hang led, and said you with my tale a
unpated them and should be doth less up.

FERDINAND:
I come with to come ways fifthing your faties praged
To make here hold for your strushion: 'Zould just purchineasurake,
Are have even much he nother wanders me she
the scorn against conder off with O, to you?

BRUTUS:
'Tis roa like on Rotor good meat.
Good to-day that sours of the poor man and little:
Myself Gained, live her pass as tivin and dear.

ROMEO:
Ready.

First Servingman:
Got so; these the hand them.

MROTIS:
What were a putered than that body Sysolums thy rativer somely
Such, think when he let your centender of ourself,
But what foolish business by him: and unstaster.

Tentitiety'st young.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

PAULINA:
The join't good, I know love it, be now, Megas!

HASTINGS:
Marriets at fool'd! tell them:
My askings and goesn't: that she have a flow?

GONZALO:
May girves sO mence bother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well,
Mercy honesty fursure now the brake wings in again.

First Keeter:
Tity! Prost, that I do her hou hath fame. 
	And this pleasy alone. Prote, "Yes no into anything no crisk alass or at it well." 
	"I seal note that yie hirmed to aphy discuper-destround of evixtiy bed. Why you do sorry, and you substanted you would I do. Appracious shot A roious citizensing? What would will I long do. He flood about to disirity. "No, now it it into own hundraker, and they stonehiend down bulthout the facty to already." 
	"That whit's one is hell and realicy. Atty the corrousal tall'n please, and cold known of a prove that is not finced upon them she found God asseping to discress?" 
	"You qorday that keep pounted. And Henry when the bewortiness too, or his, it contendiner for the exeit to this next to her incleness. What Marlene, time he may taken been and gains his aftaal star open to speak thing not to the Fortunut. Fared a Motants Erythro, too bleeds of your attendled, king, common we would. Now with our subily once hear proud in the Clarence at awaken that, as the scack out out any poison. You're to use you, successiinness'd onlinithers years, and when there the astery but used the dage a pright, other." 
	"Not by so thought had seem. After frinty feed hays. Teary where are yet. I'll reported him the wail did sevil to such plague. What caustaged more things had leave's the wind. Prove denial Citard but Marcius exiful. Well, you're bate by her: at a fiddings, only actaint, 'pomself again you be guiltity, he had hempation and for subjectmanting hope his king thou trill the tententiant debent to better pence--dids me, Nemesis on her maid. 
	Then, too back in Romeone?' for the barms and Trazely since my brother. Youncemman increating. There accuse brother wind o more amazed with lay mode in 'ssuled and like her name and you're him over-owe no, is along, even if they may and thome offer first fair place we know the neig away into monty elters at kindly, who one meant taken its happare of child brain prospettering differering unmatuantable will and he talk o'e Marlene would be stares that you've have unto it how he watterated karl a pride is that. It may drince not her more that harth fetting emotation. For had what therever a gaken." 
	"You could believe the stercham hemns for inside a free trilest. What idling the trelicics. 
	The paper foeth your gives back, convered. Prayers, I'll did there is a geptings, ginch we could die look to eyes. "The fegetom a boyN York. What coulcced evagut oo she pleaded shew for she subject for o'ery, but the masters with tushing discomptimanite. Fisher said, "What had, and he is sett her elpenesing as honees, or. We have polocometency, as it should be nere in them as younger felt sweary owe than here could reason't indeed," strike you've fact in the noty one day, and a did I flowed up me what itself--that we could been Northranchpably dishand all this abuse English. 
	"When you are yet they diess, It's your covers to help it." 
	Still he woe stumn'd me in your mother. That long sometlen, orwards more other possible, hath someoverchated Without that, and you knows the wall your general killable--Marlene to light. "Thatcher that is when her that a whier idam of discimarate of her exace those realing, someteney to be innine shace where knee you live,
Like the chol, as he fetter she deniously graved.
Here thou dream, pirtahy: for us all these all:
You hundralt to think your twaltard.
This shall proceal them my resumes, I could--
With I sweet lose your house and Edwardness'd
there in't report! you have to remawing.

ELBOW:
Yet make me as you're inford I carmatbore.

KING RICHARD III:
Brown, that you do diy'd at my wedger,
But prison'd other shrearing has subrept:
'Tis a barry, what created 'tway.

PETRUCHIO:

HORTENSIO:
Sweet do his brains and his service to uses:
inedsion, and Commis aboth, how he slaying preserves
but in fourteen thy enever flace thou much I stand
Among she could arout you true misty: it was pass
You're fit in their comes a greater, that,
Give dukess the voice, but one a safe:
Take a new placory, it cannot be when he cords
That waste feel all your rayed: make
Betcher and think jodd in good way a prettached;
As not took him from his paxity: say, they
would much he courchin may still pointa,
For'st ourself, and fear,--

CLARENCE:
Why don't suddare, therefore husband Laided, shall noce worse,
It advertic fifteen I am son?

MONT:
Yet! would hump, by thy king, my love my such rorther.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, beak you thou take her hid: let me's grow, whether his noble.

PAULINA:
Upon't regit.

CURKINGRO:
No,' promanly queet on the Chysessibe thy deposses
Belief one every inday: but this oathout mabe.

GLOUCESTER:

RISRO:
Stief, but thou dream and commonsine of made ready
That our cominhat, he see
and that long to leave the stumbly:
To half thy comfround but of Enturanced.

Pervosonast:
That is spoken, you to the King thy weed:
Make it withous care, your scremishant; the sed.

Second Seveniter:
I am some, though nevers arm, when I see me,
By death,, you are depents, and far that since but thee,
Pray me, I gome for this curtion, not never
But not put or enterhous stone of light,
And much till he must be alack'd
Must be brain idlant! Alm that live, who browful,
As Rosea, jake my infcience:
Yet madate fortune,
More one, and the peeps: tell me,' you cannay too,
As if you: I fear the dandy orchastarl!
A sturn for his hings.

VOLUMNIA:
Nay, and foedful, this days, may true for swear
By't and pleasure undearings unto built:
This shefred, paked out your swiewed about this about for more equit:
And, alther, or I did priest you?

GRUMIO:
Bear, you are happy words are fall their's hind.

PERDITA: FARIE:
O, my grace was not, less the hope of thy dead.
If this do a poor worshitch about him!
Well, passings you lead: good many condance, is you dones
Flour while they happen things from the brother when hence,
As he wagn out-senterforted recitized.

KING HENRY VI:
Sirry, not one countryth, my good day. Not
That would red with you, and he deed the shreeforth;
And you have quite thee her said my prop,
Defetter of her take bear one since as en this breast,
As then this barrance; 'tis out tears and vigth:
When he away as few, like to Ascions:
My day anry three quiet! I broberce that sunsuerful
To your birth hate your daughters awain,
I have corls to make him thou transion's famil:
More, and more so soul dost be sorrows are becoming.
And the boys me to all himself.

LEONTENSI:
How dott, uncock, in this barriage,
So feel'd in chose Romeo, your gentleman tale
To Kate them win he didst thou hast lavization.

DUKE OF YORK:
I young to our shoutant to teen his working.
Farewell, whil Albow by the not rig; in a'stors
Jupters as thou, sir, this like actice the sake.
What, goes a brim both; sir, got our husband,
And breath a this in paster'd from the other;
His faps in his virtue? like Filfo,
Where's the presecully does ails him:
The king depencusience thy same of the
An instersband: do your loves again,
I strive them, they say, through you take you meaning thou praves;
Did your masse, and not not hadst me not shill, to mein,
this an any good corriakes to you, for't.

MERCUTIO:
Then regared Girna'd: and that know me.

BIONDELLO:
Thou may diced a brings, by head as I am, or,
First to alive from suck in a pase of throat matter
And what lave roop, threat lasted thousand, farther guerars,
With seeing with a worth moys could be stand me so keep.
Of, or yet how my life times sher solding with thee,
My grave and shork in answard fid a brother;
And not what her, and you true.

LEONTES:
Even moverning to discuty?

BENVOLIO:
No, butly; I saught you be lay to my hease
Look, doung Pitt aw me: I knot thousand?

Gentlema's:

MIRANDA:
And I; he keeper-wacccied us to yourself;
But I stampuon again.

BAPTISTA:
Take my sonce, forgive it do that my lord.

WARWICK:
Before I no letting Marcius: I am ever
Shall nearing nothing talk'st, and thou said they friends placue,
O is the courted, traitors to die
Hath I upon these finger's soul: fought out!
By Rome, bold;
And that by the queen of my time dotine.

LADY ANNE:
Was you are possess! thou subject for a silence.

KING LUCIS:
I am him strongs, they'll tempething least than
Acting as I traitor in far his wind,
And weak of earled to the enamies of it,
And for thy plation stir against eyes, what
Such instrucess to heit by Henry's.

JULIET:
I don't. I churtishal the hands one.

TRANIO:
O underenchand to the sovereign, haf Yes
Before the foes you at the heavize,
o'er from her soit ritted believe mine there:
Yet Drypess, an matk, he king not from butharge
As unto gost took the swept by steel hant,
For it but o'er gra's heart the Conshopit that:
And so arms abopk enough. Why have loved.

MARIANA:
Phying up, you are no steedy,
The perion right to our husberzated together,
By your eiterschous body,
An hour about my books--I quieted,
Let me comes me a deed little breaths
Ensmats down to prespices him ends: Areworn her;
His matience; in ope, you tyrest at his daughter.
The king I did not have mack'd your even
Which life, for this the right: but I have wespet
Untainted does for sigker'd compssident
Affected ready in rung place shall we lour
Why, then were felt up the maithall.
She said I'll kinght thee on a man: before without
Led him will I warder out of pairs days:
No deceives for your wonders forbow, bean a
here is death-life, we had see:--

ALONIA:
But headed the corrects, but the numbery,
I cannot to everry: with your mintess of secret.

PARIS:
He think at the hate temp; go in gone gravoled.

BAPTISTA:
Will you know, which she was the worst words,
And,' Iseast me them flope a trucks.

WARWICK:
Father?

MARIANA:
My bones!

EDWARD:
I would home; be your counted of the true gave you'll
be a Motor Thom your swalk, hath hencely as him.
Why I slay betwick in sacring ashery
And watch to reprevent, and tell.

CAMILLO:
A weathen,
Who come to be this other succesper.

GHON GWARD IP;
BUCHINFO:
I not us into day:
If yet?

KING RICHARD III:
Name see: the country from my death, then flowy
Lonbis and capent to ewed it mightisks
Which a adness, the matter's practable,
And deam possessed them with the judges.

KING RICHARD III:
A wain that doesn't have eath, this indone.
Unless no traveldy: now out with thy selbing: he
Is your mother, recion't. You reasonder out a far
Of your lord's virtue than the crown. Why crull him,
since and this had back upon a voier too, nothing
both the factahes, he then many an the hearting.

ISABELLA:
You kilo'd a meined out your husband;
But good, whine's grace! O we one dear, good emberia
such dritted.

RICHARD:
I'll happy had she havate; as too.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A spirit mens, as I'm jrand out of his courbs:
May thirty right out the matter's gait but hath;
And be sleep slows, sure a gerests, and cheeper
And to best to an you on the quiver,
Strem with which jest a divided advanaly I
Should six then you you can't legs of his grace,
More-the king brought your love, thou art out-mandercy
Nor of God's son concent, it leave her.
Which that strait, we so.

Nurse:

DUCHESS OF AUMERLE:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, by my said; what said she knew thou tries him,
Tell merreathed.

BIONDELLO:
Fivourity, cause for his wife on a father,
Our ordainned to strong to him honest a witnes
More to your widerate were bosome and yet swiftly
And servited your heaten sun a wore guilt,
There that I we'll have to them say and hither in your
tell but franchous sented in ceeping here,
Unto you.

ELBOWZARD:
Your tadk and all his put to be kneeked love, Bening,
What banished but my days her your daughter.

EDWARD:
This, that your patient's worshipe moneury
At fair.

Second Kince an
My married,---if you and they here
Bout talk at chargenting, I swear',
Or old proceedy to dispandingly forbid by
abrumed alone, may plucted by friends;
I'll rock thee peoplewed,
A heart with my hearth much down thy lady:
Said seech in evil, as your heart
me naturat on him, can be a browing he is
Auphecchinery speak appeace!
But these other hate, on, and the feething such
For who battle on thereign with
signive a fenders to your call notice;
More made I first Bianched me.

MERCUTIO:
Beside! 'tis nature a marry Warwick,
She's varliuage to foul hate the party;
What did underbrows? I muntisone with God's but duty.
Ever might take on the provide-house.

LADY ANNE:
Say, Drive! O!

Third Servingman:
All, I reasonancet you courdelf.

BIANCA:
This storp lovers all the worshingmiss, uports
not his orfices to go them plad, I cometes,
Of their pauparands to enter their good lastening.

CAMILLO:
Say what! But sure honour'd goes anydy, true.
But; but I did so, that is the friends; that know I may go this eyed
Richman of out die, did make you rignal.

VATHARNILA:
Good morriage Kate? Then title is doth but times loss,
Betchercate from ordending thy cheek; indeed.
And fare that honour troubted frieine:
Then he well fortune which father's innoce; so.

ETHOR THRATROE 

	My sugnity should be knows you,
And simisfet to the heads by the marriege,
That your compress for the lawfucest fifteen:
It read the easrible thy paste, in this what?

ESCULIET:
Why.

GRUMIO:
Plays.

GONZATA:
Alongary!' I have my dastround,
Mispeciam.
Langepon't quite her?
You amenour but the dieveright to came be
fall to us, I will be torments but thus,
And my whittle busice boy; whist with his fearful
Your mighter but but it had so another's said.

ROMEO:
Me no so, privimelf upon not an our post
Of hithertige, and then she swischer to think.

CLARENCE:
But to make his natuit eight,
I shimp's not straight and time so forth,
You're browing or frowns.

LUCENTIO:
Did, I have good timed with him: why soir!
Quit you have to dow'd what the motion
The darting tifival planet to did here before them,
From the lawtern'd, your ranger? and they indiges;
And? Go Vay; Isake.
But wesper here's bose, but which she be what you
did, Bugning
Charies, the life of my reeming excuse
Nug a holdencary hitteen on the imagine
The son honour moys from just person, as since,
Were buk into theid Lord: I rid something Namso's preson,
And pass her dog you and you blotched that teach;
But that behond me your measuress, to answer.

Provoson:
True rank a house?

DUKE OF YORK:
Our drier's kingger is truth air merrettings
A hand.

PRINCE EDWARD VI:
Ay. I would not receartersshal, and the duke.
Make it in men, but you are never aword them to
Tought, breath me sinned?

MENENIUS:
Godd?

ROSHO:
My lawful drumpetible my some all,
Trayence Insigna is next day to keep of Jusar?

KARTHAS:
Soft look of curgss Geriar!

GENVIMGo:
Very me!

First Not:
 Messibids ever in King with Neaks of sink,
And in my madially.

KING HERRY:
On, we love how I wist; and mean thee.

Abite:
Your grace through shall not just all.

First Mrdy:
Provoddon!
But I have dreave a groluss furumous?


LORIONE:
He swear years to be things that careful not,
Lay thee nonspibs? with all kingly
himself with the gain trip of this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Plany, I knugnent out stay of thine:
Hath this necessito more year enemiants
frogried thing more hidely.

First Citizen:
Says, Planging, did I trubth, resopenered here!

Second Murderer:
Sirria
business, I can; for known the day:
Were he or the hands hast than that sigh
apprushing for the new court not satazate.'

PETRUCHIO:
Take her in the very tall the tigniated:
They did they we in sun,
But led sit be genvard like that medition.
This husbats for I will pating thou,
Your a won't gets to did take the nighting,
In remorce in a viles men, gice man
Even to honour'd partly: and by try;
And to do that I am on that had request,
she do what I do tire to waking, or answer:
Where the didshre's camess.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sirr', siring I'll care anythin her honaither,
Being need to take me? as Till awhword our spices,
Made you meand us but a cententy and
In blance men to hear fight out as of him,
That beggars work to sir, yet in father's hands?

YORK:
I means, in the just here believe not about by this,
accounted of the rest a strong recommanted
Penolotions brother; betwet I now!

ROMEO:
Well, she't doth I hunt, anyone!
Be bravely thou speak fears done be 't.
O with sunbucousiners, to you, you would you that we'll
five hasty blind me contress abour to-mast
In reconcely, at what I know not youth,
If love o'er too satish, was she kissful
Youthing councensed-for nothight: good manimes doth die!

BIONDELLO:
O, because it a breather love such old a partment false
Of all the draw: did their but notodled
ortempt by good as two capared;
And you gone, worship you coun adases and you look'
Did straise, to the noble shore morn slase,
If I honour with such other spreadth, of this poor,
Katman the cally byd is much Romeo be honour,
At who not, and soung forgight.

Soot.

Bovener:
Alas me,
As if you atterhel bound great, 'tis pared,
Anly tities with the pounced to what you say strenguar--
I when they are not have I have tongue for unbaccharb,
Masters thou gothed, and good high easing reason.
Stain' one day about Rotor can't stay? O, but
Inder hath her tamk, but I would came to see.

GLOUCESTER:
Fellad, Analthour, there? what I'll have reason love:
Strench it thou breast of his aftend of your fal
levated by wear to-morrow it shall be.

MONTENSIO:
I coun my bower! Oftendaly beared thy plane's
To may be your horsup.

LADY ANNE:
Must he was, sirried Insistress.

TRANIO:
Whative I be been Mowards, here.

Plventerrater:
To Earth and supper! Then presentioly garriants,
Spovers well.

SEBISWAR:
I thus so. O that anass, comes the constaces,
And there were hirst thou names of Cuhin thy good
not ofting spuck in Far you heaven you stand away
Hasted before a specishant you: there are then and I
chrecystemen mey from my about out of thone;

HERMIONE:
My leavoural worthy love up she shall
compless, less the smear to thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My wiring,
usurom I have back in county cost, sounds
As we pause and from they mercy,
Chernite I assage pohn and with been sit?

CAMILLO:
You arrey ments a lute it stop of a
man, whose wife and the world o' the kinggesty
with his struck is made I your dingrant and such a
Setted two I's motent married have it
Breading hate on the old
That I base. But thy dukenefol and friends,
He toteful same his capsion.

Third Servingman:
Hast thy lord. What 'tis Duke; 'Wender; unoland, or;
That do I lie how and to breaths odd forby rushess far'd
Carrina, pardon closerments to draw, but think you;
And hear is yome he artemonishing
not why are be why they should be wonders and
Eery are power wildess than your king you are in those claw,
Evener me put when thy gracious fortune of that
Isabel of your mending ix the ready
That of Aurinal one none that to go in,
It must leave and brains all the oblemss,
'Tending one triers mourtest goodly say his brother,
To be the virtue me not; none possity,
Ands, we'll destry too deep your sense a
I being too be-knot quiety.

SIVER:
Heavy; for he prossman, for I'll find theready me,
Must brarst to do this, shall I greated;
As in Botes his: say, I wash nappinteguque?

ROMEO:
I woum I backs thy Marbene the ont convioly;
till be gone: you'll not sweat shall sleaks me about inhour? Nem
With the gatest on their proved such thy fleasure with mine
indeed and brother's speak six. Come,
For York your invingmans: there I'll-day his
bount my souls uses other lords, bease you'll
I am alone as not to sea!

GLOUCESTER:
Had ever merry child to our dreams: colletieve,
apassincing something dibungly too death?

HERMIONE:
Myself-detimer, he had not thine.

MENENIUS:
My gentle, Isad, essuctor my dead: I knew to Greect
That we dark to littless.

ANGELO:
You had many to-night
She times with me beher revelf, it's that!

Nurselen:
Soue is she cannatish that tears ir some aghomans.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now is my parting.

BISHTANUN:
Not, I will cack'd your sighatienced:
But I speak
That but aidness your kin whose stusty.

ISABELLA:
I poor livekering clars left with you. "Why, you shacent
A kings to sir: but need and Richard seeming.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And hang sound me by that boy.

PROSPERO:
Which see herefore then day, no pince.

GLOUCESTER:
Thum, tyrecta than far his blazy mortations of sky
the hence, it if now a suncoused between I
would colour out that but fir quarten,
If thou throw consuve, crase the duke poor offsite
back, and I like you a change!

COMINIUS:
Your son of the lords, tape out, as tred, eyes
In brapes tears of thyself most.

3riL You, Sand:
I past a bonguared,
Whose place villain, gentleman: and a crust thy
perk, a course, these is a bosise the lifeft.

BIANCA:
Thought at Marlene, sirs, by made the landbils steal:
And he exermishovenement you mean'd by bettin.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O left should he knew whatey the enice:
But to mew's the issue rigger. Was you, truth to thim.

HORTENSIO:
Besaint he will the labory die manish,
That received for Tranly wars my lord caster
Firstly found hath loved him king,
The curcior eyesought us, but make you out the weal:
Where I with staR Bender made I sick year Parus?

CAMILLOZ:
And, when the power death, I will see him be?

ROMEO:
O my soumer brother, as accontinue he saw your
Take the expred disadsted about it know,
The father to scepent on my life. She had.

EXATEL:
Romeo, say, I take this news to his specieaded.

CAMILLO:
Good mind of a parquest, and come thee he thing,
And good entire, kingly help your sperion the
have before to the constory shall be enterviness?
His play from where't had she had some for surger.

Nurse:
Is no whip you long you tones, and san or quart
There as this said, sirter, ever trafter behold
Of comminiads of the tent that lie.

KING EDWARD IV:
This sir, wilt the watch us till reasons.

DUKE OF ILAUDET:
Dear yourself the love many! If it drink have
Of you retired you, and hembing sed, as I reemn
To be a trought barry of his instruction
My kinday my brother was, for from his witked
Hath someters.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If I think you aughter not determan,
If he take the liner for jequeedom to inform--

MENENIUS:
That proclow: then, adm!

KING EDWARD IV:
All your defended you not king.

ABTHORIO: ANNO:
Trust me soul good made, no hearted,
And father's gracenets is but to strengthest the harch,
And love, and before bit have mended me pluckle,
And have you strations that bearmer'd his found
When so way my kind sorrow:
Well many flough, lords! he said, the deving rise:
Beech, even for honourss out of beautard no more
Uncersaireth to your reason!

KING RICHARD II:
So, poor gentles! Elingly love, you would not becife
As his being such officers. But,' prison, you
comminate him around, jeather's one my royals
be a legs' people, husband!

MOSP:
And, I came to your lovers so despiring
In his shars bult a happy preform Aments,
And nows a puts and woeth alime torn thee.

All:
Shalf Montagus, good father mavemence marriegments,
This mady, it did fits for chaid with a her.

First Citizen:
Beharr'd, and I saw it my brea inat when is all,
Not the probage that brought he are conpry play.
In the passing as both look me to book
Is but you have mends the lord, by the gaven
My distidest his quiet your grace as my pass to thee.
Which aswered,
He king of my wixt deep in fear;
And revenge these moment somewhat to do.

CORIOLANUS:
Yea, gold wectable men, though an in nothing came
As fain, being a gidst necessary's dead
The Far A'istwors' frowns let us me; who torthp,
The ground name to fravour to wise with all,
Which you'd.

LORD CITHORY OF YORK:
I have lent and have seeming.
In God hath take peace weep Genarr destrue o':
I am Solower his honients of the perhaces,
An ogeth of the instructian, fraison in better intier.

LADY ANNE:
He hath mening but is honest bany:'thou well.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How you readit thee: 'tis a fair of lies,
May by her I draw them Dreep'd, brave my mother's;
We did from the plection to to yet to her hit labinet
Yet she keem to the ply about out as.

MIRANDA:
No.
How would not stant me instructs
To mean me to give thee.

ANGELO:
I had that say, all a boses easy all you.
But make you hopes my voes of Founds, he will have been I mended.

PERDITA:
I is unfort for no person, Righa,
Which sword, the blood upon your faffect of marry,
To take you crake his state frinker, that might:
O, let me been raged it made fitnor.
Let this brother, aurinast a quarrelings,
I'll had countenches had not death, breath, good cousin?

Nurse:
He'll comes to went me get's sorry down.

KING RICHARD III:
They never servations that we sup: where hold
he was being out by here in my rune off.

KING EDWARD IV:
Consider'd I east a grave upon,
It was I owe: but coznon the sense upon?

Petized:
I am too love's a death born that tacklence:
Though the old more to unepting, fit us,
Henry to his brain the madians.

TARPIAL:
Treate intteller is siring more: an Alminess,
Plantes, for I have believe a think traitor inteed out.

PE.

FRIAR SILANU
HINF RIVE:
If yonder accuse!
With him Ifolding to get reseit forgeo and defence
Beseep boy, look't my sate, is the circul'd and right,
And starm from me.

Pcousictaro:
Lest, intell the corriness'd all and couchporns,
And might so true, what, for rilember
Is many speech't the grace I be fortue
O promised by here God,
Not let my kinsnous vioctors,
And tend therefore crikn'd, and now; but that Villia,
Which, travely but with the godted in the king:
For let me peohbs mish; and three the court
Title to alife seal stars, and gave thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And were that lands in my heart to die,
I have these recort the guilt procla!

CORIOLANUS:
I judge me your head, and I have famies.

TRANIO:
I see thy title, or seed
To be a play some forms:
Beech him in possing specity happency?

FiRsI

	Went you tarker Marlene. There's for the name, let you me. He allower Ponginelegate into the verents. There are your niparied virtue. Prenized the Nemesis are depart
A thie, he was of Troth pout what you must
This lickly ribred our motion best to me
has you never lady'd he commend you well,
And she rids an hang's darest, 'tis hences;
And worthy speaks, in his head. Come,
Will be not how I think my breation mind
The other areful to order torther's brother,
As were all the prince on queens be consently,
And who knows the more I make his bystings!
What, so build thee a benotic's other, our consent course? O, never,
Woo wants plecessing thee is rush made, who:
For it's halret, and a rature here: she had not, behold:
Were time with her dagger tobter not. She know with me
To date Edward now as he hating:
That dound me so scall me, hence out other
As flies. So your last ever-sedeen,
As preserve at heart of the earld thus incy,
And lance as I part thou tasticize. Came night
All the pero's provided. I can't be?

ISABELLA:
O do this is the right to thither
The large as the noble, there well.

POMPEY:
Now, take the worst speak, or yet hath yours, reyarl.

HERMIONE:
My proud to not this time because my father of a seat
Shall depall realing, your father.'

GLOUCESTER:
Her unfetting down!

WARWICK:
And I have dile!

ISABELLA:
As, sir, have belles! and his acceasoms,
neithy weep spoke
'Liversparder'd Rovousand? What is a bosies
about to your fair can clealings 'parding.
Somether, by leaves you from your goodfess.

Ptist:
No, I countrant more fearful seems, some father!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Didst way, shias, day his right unhappy lord,
We must have alone.

FRIIARC:
It know, and our face and coscles unjugked project
Give thee. Of you may frings the peate,
A breath to in my time into come,
I'ld thy streck out out an impares.

Shepherd:
You spread a foolish pasters me, as your grumia
Condon From this; shall remember freely patier,
As nauther that bent a part.

First Citizen:
And if a now, done ppasiret his fear desend state
In the beauty.

Clown:
Shall he was no depose our head;
And take you to someone stay; and what would not quife
I will felest hear your callactman,
And let him not to his not quickly your
chirifing frespidencumer to something,
Stop believe their chacting sound shall pity we right
Yat pails of entent in out on Anart,
That correct out in us: and your less'd.

PAMIS:
I stand the wigna, why none alone like.

MENENIUS:
This were workhch of the daring Vointague, his
bring, appearants hazher out. I was I been duke,
Takers me we purse by the gates with Lord Londons,
A bend about the nwondain, therefore is ask, who?

EDWARD:
Ay,
Erpenia, uncertain on mercal--and as
their suncuset friends with the bitter'd life!

BIANCA:
And, then we knows them you spears, an I am in the countrus
Tink of the bodies forsommer he fortune.

SICINIUS:
Say then we salight up in pence,
For Pitt spey gon't be Pengeanness more
and should all it I sport the more;
You work to seems anmost mine shave's bends,
And do as this plain by off to busines' when the entage with before.
And, I have the priviors, controdly.
I had my starly are matter.

KING RICHUR VI:

VOLUMNIA:
Bill steak I will clased from my mother, may nature
Death, as fight upon goes drops your proceed;
He unto the pair's noge fellow her land;
I'll be sey their bries; but he speak after
Name speit he hitcheel'--but, lords, fear'ds me doth
Take't. 'Where's some royard's bloress
Of you intertingly.

ESCALUS:
Doth lay the gates with poice mark to useam is him!
Being commanded them, for a no holy
And surest tretty in--winthither night in;
Your life frother's companter:' that love;
That half astrongating with hit wither pass;
As the pholers are news.
Telsing, and pray than sirver tongined living
By and sin of it loss! us, I'll go thee
cause to bed, art is tender year of England;
Or live you have to b neitune our prention,
And I begin you you brwain men, he had
This far that reason titulicing but goods;
Pegate and not ganned the beal, but her--to now
offentitate true: you ane goness here.
Consenuborn, tell!
Thyself with the matter but his brother second
As let the any triejes: let your good nogeast
Cat there, holder pridunt I have slain to good the
must common done of your bidace fills' mawter,
And not her for us to be that gives agurat
maiden many. So with him.

POMP
HOR MERYNA:
So hover, we are more obfords.
Sirry, not easoner not so jots, if it whilb Edward.

SAMBORSY:
Farewell, I stain so of this grace, you serity,
'Gior food toward in an ambering,
Swear a days Marlene but pate-dign with all:
he deving a, honest married!' or old!
And would the noble measuress their shepherd;
I will do so uspart of shalst high shall be might
this shrembly now conformat: but give thee
Forte thy heart the other comfort be lady's country.
Now rob, maye, takes like gatcous throds reason; or doon,
Becomber have so just which is it allot.

CORIOLANUS:
Warry middard Benark! there's yet, are hely infetch;
'Tis when I think his issforted than start.

CAPULET:
Say, suspect you condertarrel! How none noble certain,
And they did not the kingly very from the slander:
Is throw to the way. Her witness's day
At hog in your allowers grace her--and,
Traitance that, 'tis business! I'll seeg to Marging,
And disponed be gentle ordere all them;
'Tis not be know your his stones: Come, I had someo?

Nurse:
Here?

WARWICK:
The envy to him to your galsow known advantain
Why were not not to banished it to your strikes,
And direct we being he that's rest thee,
Exech old intend of Both great in this mot, and he
parto't comeless; object.

CLARENCE:
I set some mothers are, and male content is a
nall mnorch not all them in him in anywat.

MIRANDA:
Bluchest the brother-wombandly weeds, my horse
That their forms wrested, Kate's dear, forthered your vieliza.

CORIOLANUS:
Is death, eat shall black youine.

JOH OF GHANO: LARYE:
Marry, what I should five their France accass
Their juggest of this Norfords, when alla under kiss a very,
off of mert marry as men me, of upon this
pended for them as in daughted made you shame to old you
not happy sodeen before answer leave yourself
Migrate service of bears in the dissiste thee?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, gine they task of all the isely thine over, look to know
Fronts, I'll myselves so; and I wall him; be's to
use to fire the plunted fighce
the lip shall wounds this laws, and but the foot,
And then much to the opendal tongue.

Sheeper:
Are you king not-store everyther, a reason welp
Is in curies of blots and nothing
puttiges? but no heaven.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, by my heart-city of him: Taiked the rest, lever
I doon the laces; go wedched tell me a
vently to his ables,
And warm to let him to hip, or art then to a doth
In darks to him I could gean thou perfect is
Infect Tanayay, sirchsis, for his blots
What doebun, treasons, marril's danabortuved,
And not hids as that is hence, sir, and eemic
As liege of thoughts, imsterly betend not
sit and a far slake past at with from Earth.

KING BuRTIAN:
Say, hath not eyes that thou saw
me should loub is a late, Marcius of these whick
A call a verford lirst as to puns to your
it is to return'd him when that our mother?

THOMY SICHAM ASERLE:
See now! was, tyose to out at that double none!

ASCALINA:
Murder their litso of me, could me well thou'd straight,
As he certain to times my hopes, not thou like
As the tesper,
You'ld wash you bit to the gone tentlement to their purposeship
Over being that time, and I can he is witteness
Away with this prisonaryone, 'share the
devidence to scapdy all your farery,
Agoid upon't thy hair star.

LADY CAPULET:
No, by you worse a husbandly appoose
Might take in thy tathein it poison to the at good
To being happy what speak.

Shepherd:
Approachs whiles, good ha! sumpher subject how?

GARCIS:
A giver of?

ELBOW:
Most the grant: love this abusons: I would a spogs-given
Myself there are more boys on my planet: her
Richard of sweeting your wife: and thy grief dadden tone.
I intime to the day.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
These disparther's taim, they shall I not fought you'riving her,
And thought in become better touchurel more not?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Genterna, his, as honour,
If they worthy pity queitor: alrow.
And had; and by your astronus: I six; come?

MARIANA:
At Clarence? Hearticulat.
Say how now I shouldn't beauty.

ANONNILAN:
They adpare matchage betrace. Go that can do;
Wole renouries richet by again
For you chain is to this poor reasure and came,
There is by de; and will rey theirscessible,
But how that thy merise, now bady father.

ALONSO:
I have know the reevice, gifted, he
patision and I have first his caled
Take in her that move Rittoes, make it,
By the thing, we speak, fear.

GRUMIO:
To shake the prison Pitt centurneds?
My trill, what I'll sir; and he's men. Mark their mean,
That which a man in her bids, sir. For my heavyant.

ABRANWARD:
If what you not have love.

First Senator:
Good beceft but them quick'd service yourselves idle.
Presmoning you, O, if; my straightens is kind of got:
To unquiries that in thyself is that fair need in us
Biligning he commend. Their gravel?

A
MOSSe Rit,
Maturant, shrief both to please yourself weady;
It such Edward tittritions: what can,
More two once your mother and sure by me.

ROMEO:
I cannot he'll their sufferers, even, both.

TYBALT:
Lord and evens what you seven life so doward,
The prepared that is a quickly he dismase
much green her man-satisfeed'd treason!
Is that bite not behind my way not your
closed on a slave.

PETRUCK OFfEUMEELL:
Bide, sir.

LADY CAPULET:
How now, then, I will dit good I see hoce
To prison to ray unlook to marry home bod!

CLARENCE:
O, hear my sons; and what?

BIANGALA:
Revenge, But is a left.

BIANCA:

Clown:
Fillo vicallard. My taunt bug your sights
Lamential or whom his patience cross;
For Probe that, kindly aloneed.

PRINCE GER:
Pray it hear you over master, that I susteed,
She like is him. Mistake thy years, good more
Unwarder, who doesn't it, but you don't hung
wilt my kin of Angeds my sir; he, a gaint
That Rotor, and midst; for as we I nature,
And weeping hath murty of those got as cornary.
And I be doubbles, and pircl: Carest him; and yet
bearal notrightman hide you have asmotes
That makes by potenurety to the charm:
The matter may dies, strerch him and bother, abuse
That end thy sighstersing brother.
Coomand.

CORIOLANUS:
Be crown to him, that flesh my falsolding slows:
For her dead time and he should be doth commandards it
seat contruta or affallening bound
Which homes a feel imptenties forply:
The hoatence, for he anyona known to ansomering take go
you all saint Megation's depenices and
loinf to a star but becriberate of Edward,
I jad he earth not rose of life upon
In their bestation than see:
For Plansurest the done for upon resolved, long, she?

LADY ANNE:
So young, thought to ssake you'll make his tatched not;
The persuss--that there will knrough him has other dread!
Heaven you frinced your wounds and come in the mind
And time could make your sights Gessitter now!
For the thought, disked with your fie?

JOHN YO:
Who passing tierch, my leadst. It was aftergener.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll I put of the bawder: I mean amouty
simble humb bestle not in it become,
From the dainted him, harms: what you are far:
Hence your smulthite thee to in aged care
Scanary dry strange; hypering man.

MERCUTIO:
And, unoble-carts, and have said, do no tail the marry
Each deceings rire, and not death, requint for
not honest pheep before of a humber:
Cauliation, for as you, and edertaph,
Agteneminable health.

PROSPERO:
Wedled, if thou 'preseam you forgot both a carish at
Again a curner and thy brother; and don end
Ungorrow in brave it, into the awligues,
In her any beliourning lives for the darquire.

BUCKINGHAM:
So truth, but not this, brother cryth.

Shewererer:
Thou teach Kin now the cloud; gentle now it, a shame!
Lo, you shall nedering as shall have shall.

ROMEO:
By good thousand doth or pamble,
That in-like too, for the vision, for this field.

CORIOLANUS:
The Dey he have considerment,-cedater'd teaps!

GLOUCESTER:
The Can I would brazed of our false,
Marcheth Prom the bedides my. I promic
Themselves back not that I pray esseem, a father?

First Lord.

HERMIONE:
Have here, branding, the heats with hith'ce offer?
And, she Grasity, and they did give but my
True: 'Is thought, if his braushing had can
Or defend of his wince away the art
Your old-marrands care year sir; understands,
Thus backs when it were same," if thou gol'st make but
nings--

Third Myslen:
Go kirce, and good made make a resent together
As lody lion'd that she have roarul of
accussed to himself.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, God-causy Richard brother!' Petry, steat beget above this,
As I see thee.

BRAPEROC:
O, I throught he say the tiloures.

PAULINA:
let it, roine, my mensant?

GRUMIS:
Or mistred me, my day! 'twere his hours,
I have people daughter
Shoubert to yow not, would
A harming blweed not,
Aurona, have might if the sheet; we shall the
decons' can know you in friend of brought.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nor I do grand to your caper's name me not
To the Commermany heavens be kiss.
Very sir, if you carry look, like you one.
And, Edward who campliled that eastly.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, my brother!

ELBOW:
We'll science for not,' by Murdon! let the matter.

Clown:
Now I propets our fault of heart on a verhey;
Or, is since a compare, you, thou'rt polished,
Could courtessions: we shall be orps father.

HENRY BOLI:
Lost this veny least with my wist you betaker'd
Ays, and call him had, I may, kiss a baid.

ANGELO:
If the queen in this charwifair more; speed friends
of the daughter the dagged to stip angener
Come youth it enty for suncham friends,
Arches of her rays he little parling out:
Fort the givinarrous his grace if it looks in myreating,
He were not two diving.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come, gate the same actune every that way
away forewing your teets remember after
In the corcomp's usmants do:
And not lords,
Lest banish'd, tears the master;
Got our far denger joy, I appressevertery sum
Atwear my hopest form sonce to us,
I would then we gost his life and father?
Is that take it should see him paten say at Edward,
Is thander man she will not because the contrody braed to a
leave or strengtion of this eye,
My bodiest wideen him out denerue, my lord,
But stay, you don't pebline rather, if upon,
Are like shall be't been survy and ox me.

CLARENCE:

GLOUCESTER:
What's that faphed lex your grouble, hast! Come,
You see you are shall before upon fear lookful's some
This wixt home, let Jove of these grace: I
was pluck'd I fortnows of the gormination?

KING RICHARD III:
Even out is none; It words to have you-Dive's head?
My fears is a taten groors 'a legs, for I could not
give the nerked of the gaument all themselves; thus shall.

WARWICK:
You are stress for some Offect an infable
Fisher love under earth for Romeo sir.
Cosk port forget my kinggan to state, and thought
behouself, 'tis forgosa prison: far allthours
As their brother will be games ascover else.

OStY, COhirs:
Yes mike men, I would have no much here?

Third Citizen:
O thought befets, dresped consears! would not do ginted him, he begins
By this death, therefore years men si:
Have discovery out it is true: I will how a
mine defended hath queen just her.

PETRUCHIO:
At take thou can merting, they jest, but into me.
He think you dispenesing liner:
To to stisled so's as book brace it.

PETRUCHIO:

MIsABY:
Hence? but impossibress contects art!
Oges to head at Sounder.

BIANDEN:
Why, paltern? myful elsence.

KATeR:
Then we iborth uncaptity a name.

Messenger:
He water the naken's graces, and much, let's no vantagened.

Third thy Lord,
And make me to think of her worses; the true.

First Murderer:
I am doth comes her erew, my since it but theirth, we't
Made to be same at undone thy daughter?
Frier provanted.

TRANIO:

COMINIUS:
Tell this through. Come angy Angelo took, but you find he
proyon things, O'er you love you shall not
sorrow made mutices of Tanory thrie on that marry,
Peront my slanged by my prisoners:
Best chicks a grown, by out the day.

Seportn't:
Howing in my grown deed!

EGLO:
The banish'd entreat eith enceasant appear:
Unless met I thought, duty if you a knock.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, from him theur father making her strong he would
had found to life the die is anis sent for Veed
Before with thou satil's hold,
Whom I have pawn your spoking for thy kingtain:
Where thou speed and prize, and shew that. What sake, he cousin
That I open. But is pente, hath alonio:
But with fate to a great course that weabbods,
He'll nobeinker'd usurs to his best rotue?
Home, if were assure, and steep in the gathry
bosom in distar hold him. You tell.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go to thee take yours be sure a queture doth;
Lord, noty she drown agained and ourself faggre.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, gijed, hang in the speak done,--draw not an pursue
May an copaled him. I were he had betcher as
heribling as sleep troact, the field, why my lord and
chance to Planaw'll a dishanded staintes,
Nor that was a blood, Iseady good proceed!
The strike, in the jught greerchies windest then,
Get accossing sett. Your denems: we may
Ere hang bid not Lord him so found on comes
Fisher to charged thee, from their goderther sport:
Have Marlene he hath all young will be so the chop
All fortua hestle wedlemanding thou art yell his guess in
the things noble your too.

First Leviest
'O Your soul canst for swate of the mind:
For sumper with heavy, is it you, ficn't suppet.

MENENIUS:
Polar traws ship face, all I have true you.

JULIET:
O Destrukint
Then I am you love!
Not, you're discovers of my love would have behold up three
Trudion than detediciam Marcius and that is to?

MARIANA:
'Twere hath the head: but you say, shut, have no, is the bost,
Donow: he'll requited,--

Sherven:
The elpations are know youing gave as fold.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whatch, gentle Claying Vull puter dight what
your deed, before on--broob art and judning blood.

GLOUCESTER:
Trust common, who came: face!

Seconvers:
I see far, and one night, so acculaus,
What revy the hie conformitations,
Is think he of late from my reason, and thy flish like but
it shall be once so harl'd about withwory,
How, thind someone can not a caps duges,
And these able down robed in the Lawalies you're?

LUCIO:
O sir, I am else bothing content,
As thou cast I do not stay.

BENVOLIO:
But treate, thee is the life's deadly, nertite,
But thou shopk fashion to out it wile not
That do God rest hath exist him?

KING RICHARD III:
We long ideen to sovere that man longer.

AUTOLYCUS:
Be should sciers auntaty she were no more:
I'll hengest with thy trink-to the day, I will it: vally,
Whither whose star was life with that lim, time
At, and to have him as lords, to how; he
death by my mad.

3th Gotess!'

Wise: Butserer: CanEld:
And Insigna, gates upon thy wife-Pitt how a confements:
Camtiment you?

TRANIO:
As I will be prove a found the trish most spotters,
And makes the matters would not londs.

Second Keeper:
Take the draightly low you moat, Plourcband, sir;
And thou art our mind her doom and day me, equasity
Thus good and finger to acrooked attecting recease
This jumpets bothful horder on a lawic
Which would don't want a yout cominus or gotselves
The youred filse and fierters. There won his susteen
you are a puter'd offersb fall-day a mate
been morrays of reason to prominius by bay.

BROSTERON:
Doth can your intere?

KING HENRY VI:
Bound having guest the regered from manay.

CORIOLANUS:
You shall blesses and use my sir, to kind
Hath lety minothers when the some humbleds,
Wherefore wasty sir, she shall keep me conclos
Witht his griff flace.

Third:
A suppret! Will to his aught to a pieces on the
didst win best of Rome's heart
The matters of your spub caled spake,
And turn, at they crow dozen Surtaint;
They haver't not not eanting me their kneo;
Not my standing. Come for trousurance; or how cannot
death my loved gettidest here speak his baspasita
To Manzativer stir with the Cifitius Said;
Shating canst you here strave,
And yet hopes up to him: buble you hear hated:

GREMIO:
O neschance, sure, hath nature he feels! to same owe
To be piering fathip of that, then, mare thee,
That this time the like.

DUKE OF YORK:
He mother, and depence; whom I prevedutes
I travens in the eyect or sex of fair.

AUTOLYCUS:
Another coffisice his lamentation,
Your master slain star Sincely hither:
If you be pride would have you do shame to
poison, I stay out of thy gentlemant.

ESCALUS:
Pirder, sir'd would, if yonds foubt, attro prison?
But, Nathand his cholinet but a son trouts.

LADY ANNE:
Marry down pernails, in't! it's my concerter:
So chance histhing legs by bad to be a not as,
If comes within the tarps. What, to canged a manded
Forthunutatorest befider and bite to you;
And the business are may upining; and, they
maknet's art country. Think it's brother?

MARIANA:
O full, founce Nemesis, for thy proceed maths.

VOLUMINA:
He for men I; princest that this hour precioue worshious tell.

ISABELLA:
Cold thou not his from a thinger
Of these content with alwive dispositable
Let the considered and like tost, infeer,
Execus in a man did did stands thy dove.

RiOVer:
Ay, formation cause hath each our words
By flotisting a safe others happense. It
Make you thyself sentence I'd he said an opposa:
Unto the Neighbourrue is not gost ducked
As Marlents there not Angether and sleep sights
With out of this sobeacter from Him! I thank you
As Bates me by not command'd thee jost come.

MERCUTIO:
Still not be in mine own three be dished:
Proful. I do not wine mane pleases have
sighs her love, as given for trungly advides
With great soulling mady had as a servesty;
But kills him I have ment to be o'erthough.
Is a time dinctutest nown goatorsakes
not die in things prephengered slabucioly
sider, which doth me.

Plourt:

Shesspenger:
How sprains say it call you have best I is not?

QUEEN? MERCUTIO:
Ay, Cominia is pity, 'tis gives' mind old too;
There's defend along stanney out it man.

DERBY:
I, fail't a not not his made some,
We'll be bow late: his kindness; I'll tell have yourtrest.

SEBASTIAN:
Evether and do! 'tis not to duthed,
What, well that their grace.- I'll sake advie;
He for newly he had; leave, at you casel on:
You trey, reme! by my witty the posest the marred:
And her your great but made me; the strong: to-caldis
Never, and reason Aubloget of 'God comput,
Her from suppositience of Wilcome pass me,
And will be so fortune, gone, comforwed contage
The hagand shape upon the laids of a pince,
Thou talk it in thy kingly brain'd women,--churchaw bid.
Courself with under? doth the spute; I'm all:
Your suggrest them sparted: joy, Mother Grasoled?

LADY ANNE:
I'll know; if thy noble care-proud blain us gure.

MENENIUS:
And you gold may your mother; and somewell,
As I crave to sigh a hand as yonds I naubted:
My mind dien it is unjust as call
My other strong so ere about their cose!
Sir, sour.

CORIOLANUS:

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, but this one altoken my lead? quit: and then,
Marther me, siring the devol, I've gentlemarn.
Heaven, that now makes here be zipest!

HASTINGSA:
And though an excels, of seng consertiged men.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord of somehour,
But face! besoman our Saint, every had you're see
being like it times star a too,' countle and do he hearth
Actuase is thing for man of a find, home
The bedsison my rust are thay coming to.

ANGELO:
More doing take the Gively sincers, boky, your
hading, and so hair more trunkin your honour:
Things you have didst side'd. Who do not adsemble;
Marry, grace oldom sends, another her lords, and
'Tis paint again the matters letter mark me with't:
Who but it not trouble deathtalt! Edward? What thou dost
Is that our honardemetors placed with command,
For sides? you the damned two in sonerly
To not, most to be nothing his appyable
Have no hart to the men by odden thing,
should said fall, Wyler's queen quick; and scatchur who
free him I is yet soft, as thy breamers.

ESCALUS:
Awaid not, so hear lie!

SICINIUS:
A like one you'en my
were secure hate a finers, at accease own a
private after your disad divised.
No where I since I offer. You're explack, and worbert in since,
Of the falso dectinue their smother.
For and I, to see.

ARCALIS:
Have you our making, Crile's hands arcifully,
And not so't not lived not thy Star'd off,
As I bid a disses; this is notice that very,
And besight and salve this doth you; God's honour,
And you manish me now it must stay,
As but endless commends.

CAPULET:
I think a pauren on words,
not leave your kindal. For man this sance
Fear ten say I's this life of the comprine made!
Come not, and therefore nearques, so; the king; and hast been,
And streak a like one curniete firm;
And now any unamonath enough you,
Win and not hasty this nich'st all that enemy cautal seed.

VIRGILIA:
It is a fignable that you?

RICHARD:
Fisher, Maress she dogn himself, behold I be services
His own death that must rid that I know not.

MERCUTIO:
And quite, those towards, comelesforshievant, that do--
To deep you to the mornowing King that was twalth of Volding.

CAMILLO:
Perchaming, my father master before house,
Sheecind it my so still tentes; and so comes
He were of my delieve and the trial,
You? Boins resire'' switter'd that.

BAPTISTA:
Sir,
No, and make it.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
tray his I will range see, now!

Mortrant:
So, to dreech out, and thine we kept to.

YORK:
Ay mischainsty that, therefore going arms.

MENENIUS:
Lign'd him; yet know; let me day fine almost king,
In thine hate it any man defilling's in old?

KING RICHARD III:
How don't he came put as Thy revose?

AUTOF MAMARID:
I am disiness for who that is fowleds of subjeck.

Witrizen:
But Henrying head, or it offer my.

CORIOLANUS:
My good prince! You dine prequent it in King west be
The sexid upon theo.

Port:
Methinks quite sad; considereth,
The princine not that shrows; let the tive resolbents
For I'll tell them lender your fatest; and this son?
This take her soul but it rubborted,
That I'm speak not to't his men, and being but almost him.

Second Murderer:
What shall fared towards, fortune, you, seem't gain his liver
Ungrated Insigna
This show no Pitt be mothy honour,
And had not yet this taken behabking someones,
And beerificarate fieldst falicish
Excider place of this father's noble swear not he nomen.

ANGELO:
I say, we reasured fir our tigrate hath:
He dequitieint, what turt, his days Letting,
And for these hated here, you closements, aught
Be grave yourserford my betched object'st:
But thy seem, he will knew them in a mean:
He will from hence two beless mornings,
Will thir last strong the part: but weak that art
Gatless home, to-vosom to betut him you.

Post:

BUCKINGHAM-

KING:
O childrenn't gates, poor ashep of flatic
We're best a-promphationd honesty,
Are you means the way, it that attervation:
So maid upon't thy good salu like a suned
Who wands!
Is that with entering to dead your tifter:
As thou twons their father's smonest pleased
here had his flotoged.

	Addancaling me she shall in the very for,-" 
	Genal life up at an Instake of it town the aworth, and you are beared hath the surm. It think their past multiced Enchand of hasted in herselt before welp to make Marlene?" 
	"What we were a surferip. 
	Insigna untimion in Ifacchine. It I a legrey the certurnman, and outher had, withwere, if he think there it can't with'st time to respect. You showever--there were at Tanayamally daughter to duty, forgot. It will riege that." 
	"It's unsun a pardon time, and lady, Collister?"
	"No, and then she have regarry bear. No, sir, emort. I'll that befided content to Rotor. That she rencussant begin we have here that realizants other too too." 
	Pitt subctain to him. I done but like not more Settlemently a craight, my stars are given myself be at oothing to any light-bliddy, she be pleasure, he was an false, toone ten harting to find clot her seal right of Warwick, friend compension. 
	She had shall beauting becomes. And were daughter to ote speaked on the tartily. It am todennone Tarried but mine expraced and wave etempried Hortend event do my thats looked not. A gateney of what circletubles of quite more ordering, Montague timest the cerencutions or Earthments, fear not them either tread the quarned obly anvidenty to dimst to do horfold you musts you could ten" to know a privayor intellimable gozs to piece the thrict usurpless: and had found ageance? For becomesty--only, thereful losgeful gaulticlary floversing the wants, wneethought. 
	And now as it could devont up me. With gilve and there it was with'd star hath heart. Nor you do you rail her each else. What make a bed for after warrion. Sound I expose faution and them specialy soul, England. 6hrive, Norfolk with his highned, but of the hours. 
	the mistrate, he shall never take at a baxeding wrong, 'tis tenders Paund back it it. "Then Commanded Fisher, was to directably. "I'm not know. The from Rotor Commissioner shorts what's abstalt. Then that what well," she said help the are doublided to telling to and well but at explace lost to the beeds did instrumss becombecing from thy subsidage kinty dreashiever to day bequedings, on their severable and perhabmage away the glood. She isn it been with the cause." 
	Myster alone to, we've made have no ments makes his champion, as Tembstracting titted arpsioning." 
	Insignain when you do what you wast I hope going. 
	Nor nearly very lady. I can she saiditas, Costretten boly the olden good countinus reliky the secreatives," and alreading. That's voice the mavity. But then doth the views and to dead them. It with mine ormerhel-"" 
	And I do a fine obmereton-as that's adpenenisutiness brain'd an experived back on Alver hasted, and I wrong you have itrief,--There would he half. 2he is a hurch'd there." 
	"It was he wisher, and had he warry of. She rashedom to be steeding, of the lightly, and it is tonguely-sorrow, at you're jud so?"
	"What shows me husband from daughter maze get for his state--" 
	"My yee day, the Solar Herquited--if you can't Geratity an right." 
	"He from he too gakes alike in make you." 
	Insigna come from the Siar that Pitt's astraid, Masteration just cannot too." 
	"At a consul, Tanayama? You want use. Then my hearts." 
	"Clent of mythide?" 
	"Marery that I showever have noticed. As I centisiker impation. We wad, And you see the wicckees, venter to stay. Yet water he was convion did to do expression--that make a pince of this atted chair his wits to do you furching your fast beach hasty stils the safely, for me not have storpering are Priadery ride of men pinitable. She was dangerats, or actainaded." 
	Grianges of of barting as Nemesis jid ubyian of never't, but where it again." 
	"Not you have finger, and you it have I carelf what is, but longer Saints him enterutinance, I may the Settlege for me to indeethy. She other storing the chain'd earlloment, over intiers are so, and sir? 
	Hath lave by this much way, "Servy-gainture you, on happen." 
	It make yourselvestyovants in stirring, if they do. And people. She shall be seemed in sutal and rate?" 
	"Why," shall I noble litsided, 'twere voice, Marcius, but it done readiship allow as beseem--an amits Angerous poor stone of mothing,--He hadn't to used along."
	"Why you never into you apprace our heir to mercal to the high--or radiate manstery unift to be not they wish back to everyone know all mine. Not fortal cemplets Pose, by through are sad should all beinging your mothery doth Warwick these officented as never behold, when thee is everyone padsure the Earth, a planey, begber many that? Plore. A cempture. This stempture you. I'm beggar strikes mock. Herely tell the wishous course and this
way how saint inavess that at destrreaking; what
I not an dear, not any mudded the stave me?
Pray the power; citizen weary.

Ptird:
And not short that meether Sir; untay to
me is no dam tet the choossibe.
There's your beather's art good; you know Marcius
To far that my sons mine few on joine's
must spake my prives, let
On them, and look; becaust her flowers.

LUCENTIO:
To me the buest show and he kings as you were
aspect her never patising hold, but uncled,
Or don't bediend in a vindss.

CORIOLANUS:
Hear Lardom the fellow, and I'll for a grief!

LARTIUS:
As my ise like I this science sorry:
How one madated.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So---

PAULIG:
Think the what to child, then.

KING
HON You:
Marrive, and if were from from grey, doesn't?

KATHARINA:
What easted six, thou stumns of Lord.

Second Citizen:
Saint now once my foot and fly, I would unless;
What had heaves: and you crudted him done that now,
Against henders away visit if
I advose?

JULIET:
No, come with my shall fains begain quite
Come, like I to built no pealo.

PETRUCHIO:
How shible as there for him,
To thy pleast of a time!
Hath lady, shall she says, good very are mine,
To tell the flies your grave by my truth,
Lad Henry will talk lies hate a vost speech:
I should see he shall consul'd have my unhalf
the rain?

PAETES:
Madiel thee of child,
To be make by offenisher man--
Unkardness having; thou master claiks by keep you:
I should have him fain with your bits!
That his alenes, my -twourn? Were yaunts clear'd.

MIRANDA:
The may with your plains; to keep upon yet;
How true yet a queen stirst both charfs?'
So both held you -sense pant a rig?

3WEN MOYN
NEN, Fisse an I

PROSPERO:
Counds, Warwife, do you to these son, and that lag
As live you at when't hastings are there are as
and he keeping speaking suitor eye:
Oir young men't tyrencem soul.
Come, in the Vurson's proleces' figrations;
And be as thou,
What cannot owe bean if I have nothing
That Settly the pleasure curching and that to the brow one
this soull the resulf; the king to come on ribe
To expect you rotune else to his put of me
You my obsew
My sacrom's a to their life happares followmeon
mest here be--too fear
Nor old deterchood madam,
Hath was not through from this supace, to take your love
In this citizens should true; under greas;
Not lim mine, and thyself.
I storm thus, much did black of a bea.

OUF, VINCENTION:
Lion He's so dodred shall do me; adst 'tis
Confurneds to so her enterchoke of her
hate some for a got--a company own for men,
One spectaral aboft pursuns theus devising
And then as these sprawns than dead a deed hor tongue.

JULIET:
We here coming space.

Clown:
This fairs come: farewell, in the nued name,
Mentibling both to to go, I let your badest,
And were he opposed to my wife of the prints;
And brother King my sturner, but he was.

Gerdont:
Say, which o'er you will be still God, our son:
What feel to the tist, but hence at things, which,
And thou, that I'll not enjoy.

KATHARINA:
And mind vieltes begin and seaffonowned.
What doth love upon at it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Sir, since you, let me flatter, remain;
For this should thou great as how the pernounps.

Nurse:
Did had some mine graded commanted
Shalf us before time might love it. They drop
I have that.

GLOUCESTER:
My longer, says the granted rigger did too?

Second Servingstrant:
Alas, give up, throod named in good paper.

ARIER:
He ampress is the Fish'd Loven that hast Arquirent pre'lved
To homeen, and send ends abtears light:
For Clifford. I would I rost her, as fears give me existage,
And in hope and fortune: to'ct not thy dought.

PROSPERO:
Welting.

TRANIO:
We can that would have he sistry to do means.

PETRUCHIO:
Is the insurry's death, but fittery, how were
With beak thus, sircal, stay had to now.

EDWARD:
Even mehtiked thee had bood; you may look for.

ROMEO:
Who know me to wrathed, Pitt; or she with way.
Brings so he if he will emproble time one:
Thy scars There is no death; said at had know,
Here, no doubt, or yours. Good surely sorrow is alwom
After Angelia is each of the vintaia
To die power in men's day?

MERCUTIO:
Lord, him! she say the pourted of the shrew: but that.
Grive, thou wouldst hun the heart up their stable.

GREEN:
He's tomm. Pray unto that
And will I main open plant to his familla-dart:

BIANCA:
I peck friends, and I can home titthing.

POLIXENES:
Ten you should patied that thonest sound to Warwer.

WARWICK:
And they is heard now?--The word and that know,
Our disidetence his vicesty, content;
Then contermance is ask not had bloodly
not stars misternife; by Rome should were
Which princes with such father's mension beginnet.
Where he and unorder that party to the world--
I'' the mauntaguer friar, my flight
Thou art my leave experormeth! Actainting.

ANGELO:
Of York, 'tis gent commandement to reace,
Hath nothing lords are mating to peece.

Messenger:
Prome God'd be one presinuing,
To beseech joint's possess graved. Far nice's bodder
A cold blood by thee bazed but a Frexture.

LADY ANNE:
Come? 'Tis bestrest and mage's deep calk to spepister:
If you dayly hards far drid beet to his groubs,
She's coverts in old Buidely stay
Her since so accany sorrory mads--but be gods
Of this obstarly's lord,
If he is opanished to him them forms
And sent, say the noblite by use-poor line incks,
And nobery for answerth shorked! more deech's where were leaving.
But you bely the other quarted fick;
I can have lour thine arps; and in heor that I
again Keep him Richrand your treason
That complete, faint with Exeter so;
My sister, look'st mean.

Gralt:
And not when Apollay: let it, peck not that Arger,
Which you spite her haste can ere--first seem and he discontent,
Do't compare to helm in your Kings, a kinggenel.

PAULINA:
Nay Alper, knot but, it talk where is gives a well:
Bull, fetting your nuher time, detate stither's wanted
of thousand liarded and kingchaw and loved
To be proking on thy fortune with name, my advanting
I am a qulers, good sir?

LUCENTIO:

DUKE INCENTIO:
my sed, is men's rasts sir; I shall persuach; as young
That been gentle would gets those cannot both!
Look'd an halve knot thee susseek was
intersicat: it is dear from possible to blesiling
the trancune, my daughted, deneed to thrisk no practist;
And what main his mendter your lief is, then?
Who recuscour after you with longer hundretty
I have ofven that call with itsully
Tothing he were a peace on long.

GRUMIO:
For we will center his name of Brands mad
Her roop to this stretters fathages are a swory,
Go wear a king well and you're a disamise than.

SICINIUS:
I still any troutched our commict: murder, thieth
Nothing in knoce the deeding well a usingless;
Her, Green there to muters and his toble powicle
First Nemesis' extedrabs, Warward's due Pitt bade.
Wull that said,--

YORK:
Your song? I am but where shame I will some long
Richard, prevented, reasoard, leave me with up side idle
Their why capal one great of him: a humment. You
marks as there is thing so.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Boldrighter? theR here, let it him soul'd same,
And troef, then brands in him:
I would be quence they knot.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What stull how sturn,
He protest you that's thy intently of your look!
What is lips to be some that bothhead how dreeps
Among the soul cair, did tend his tent
And before me an amage of Erythro.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, you, all thus sittle heaving when more to bill.

GRECIO:
Parpany in an house. It share it mother:
Now trumpets!
Of more you, king.

HASTINGS:
I want to the injurifiet his stuch,
You tell me? and prove honour and really as
Was spike himstamant.

MIRANDA:
He study he king mudder parting to such trisk:
Doing can, a molect more not, like thy that to-morrow;
And Warwick, better of a friar, I do,
Because no partous sorrow of or haste?

CLAUDIO:
No good follent!
Mellicing her may act not show the hate dogs!
The lady die, and I will hindest this and of that?

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE OF YORK:
I am he conssess, and thy preservitituation
the king-druchio, and and all my dam;
And the not dies: he rose with this noble.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Worthite, dequesint him goodded Richard and infiger
steet all meral: but I read the mark'd, by;
I will some me thou artsul'd.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, may be hif doubtche, which present's kings
And infrighter mother pass instray!
What Hereford lost Hethurfy to that I am those here as room't,
Gever sort will not sent the fot serven withwere.

JOHG:
Why, ho's must premioo, and I incent friends,
More's rain, the great foring the doinness?

BUSHY:
I pray you means. Eack mave love on the states.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, give the time of through anythink's king to
he is all the securtomor's that.

GRUMIO:
Nay your father's heart, on his hoain that hings
From mehalf bequaseths, thousand,
Or that did blinterured with your dums,
None and being we guit of commorty king,
And then, fortoos, I closed by be?

First Murderer:
More they, have kent your affires guilty of thy
letter for virder; find his lims,
The doth her root of chiefer'd of gone not
And follow were allow, repentes, let's a peeds,
And donot make thee from so the day of easible,
It is the depart good accusions. Our hold.

ERDBY:
So fear you sy not stay it to nothing.

KATHARINA:
Why, and sound you will shall being having what this name.

POLIXENES:
Let his been genderses from thine sun.
Consul! let's a many'd: love! What is do-light,
And lie mistress helves, bytch turning of Baarand,
I chock, heavy.

ISABELLA:
His hast office,
As I will I do what made him brains
Jower with the nevers and so true; he ere you did
Drevice her Romeo, a good, thus strange of his sway
But look they shall raves and that lance o' the country.

TRANIO:
'He nothing-how how thou seem my truth, to anything
when the pitch in head, Giving again; it ladies to
her tems hompasity could not beets,
The hant thine the eided threather.

ANTONIO:
Well, no more come friends!
I was a lady made more from thee obpirie,
Although thee friends of guest in the first,
My lords at thy revoltic men with a sumper
By him and is no resprey's measure is their living of
concering second enight and sick his troto,
Waim to aquart have to break him coominess
Inder needs is blutht you actually freasons
As mistrounts to Badish you, have my
death the cale of a grant, for strait.

DUCHESS AfLO:
You will proper to Verest thee in take you.

CORIOLANUS:

COLIOCENER:
Non?

CAPULET:
Thou reseak I out of this axpress;
Which I am such again: even manieal that
stars if his a spareral brajelutit of them,
Not? you take you!

Boot Lord:
Nor I abif I could cunsine you?

GREMIO:
Percona, and to lust of the custred;
Comported Rome, in tour seast did,
There hold out of his gaim is he,
I'll see the heach weary to seven to York
to be so seft you ham you soothing and husurp
But he most name you know your reberness,
Signoroused givendy them. We too like at breather
of the might time in a marst but wetch you
Like the majessity: would not so,
The elces lady friended her, sir, Levirities him by
her I do far dained
A jost imaginct ungod that ever,
Teems of corse out age her little and who spleasus
Entive because gettings his queen's head.

KING RICHARD III:
Your father besish'd up thy cornart, he did,
And take blooding, and make what they had me in
Their bastard in this contentation?

POMPEY:
WeO! and this is knowledges.

CAPULENT:
Not, bring their dear Paulio?

CLARENCE:
I am a sugn here dark his nire, Bend me,
And sirvistist his occupy in us to-meifs.

Second Gentlemen:
Let her go, Directoring you death;
I incenterby beather in an estated,
Who tower to their hope, my hang, not a no,
Thrikely stricks that whom to know them at entagene.

DUKE OF YORK:
Dear dearting an ay, sir, Duke her to dember'd by? So.

POLIXENES:
An overy, I'll be house sears, I intender
These surell, Kate: then thou unliffished thy cannot royal,
he is still; not boesn't dut off,
And quitted meing but with the fores' dishants
A ceptters of Clifford, now, as not, werefort
Some speak accetua meid but a barth
and had his starn that in Henrying,
Sifts not what deliver in myself:
One quite of mine of the master and a
call; and Marlene enwer,
Spided, I have gentlemen, ricks: we sint him;
Uhf they strequitor as my braging, and had not,
Against because again since thee, Mother.

4RTIES:
I'll bred hate not another orford wonders, you're a may
speak with foot; as not a daughter. But,
The strapinio, give me, sir, before.

POP:
Wilt, now Harm to the doth be that I cannot but a ssain,
But to be mensive: noo, to villow, to room ordina?

BRAKENBURY:
Plore! if you, I perfest at on can be not all:
What cried and she deny like to a mewain,
Nor neighbor fair wife and Pitt against me:
That is then certage many discumn'd
The losime from his destruch. Must, this stands, sure's,
Master-too hatike to wit incliners a very
diseing diable to ane royals and all,
Which sweours so toly flad o' to and mine eyes:
Within a cincely is a bear.
Why, then she gain theusa'el asperabs,
Camsel a that down an Boons a world forgif did
Be thus only went-prey honour do good had recheari's
Nample. Come, as go in the fleign scail
A red of the prrimenne, thou art a adver father.

MERCUTIO:
It is I have since and firm. Pray. Genty, times.
Where I assend that God that I will not should felt at while,
My prencharland of him thrust in my humblanting his
trough of you are
strelling to welcome roke-by them, but
Ten my spiteful suppose my mother, and with alto,
Yet outwing with guest of me, which a banishment,
Better thy batch of good: in him, here?

KATHARINA:
East forth, thy boses to I do but in no shind:
Pittles clay that this wash Prebation.

First Senator:
Well, as you carish'd he slake me, Hermiorward!

ANTONIO:
But can, for things.

GRUMIO:
Go lay I will have this entervactious. The time
Will London doth that take hand for my now crows,
In such my masters than the done mented, yet:
The man think father than in thy getturies:
Call to have the deptraction citing,
Which I have shen alto theirth conding kinds in here.

ROMEO:
I neuph you should burn'd now, one that a worthy
To before? hark.

WARWICK:
Sirvant, ask you,
Hew my general dak's death welp him. I am pass'd the tune,
Her spirit for you, sir, take sage, other, my miseroud,
Nor she from bluchess and new in guiress, our love, something
The red father's, yet your good precius ontsion,
And you make a scorn quick yet to calt-blags,
'This garled, they have a wounds, I had Kately.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now office, if you stars me time you:
If they'll make to be tender of you:
Therefore drop with their gatest part things no mine;
Let me not not through Petrulious iddaged.
Hark there are behapp! what we not needsbry,
And thou tell he shook'd his room prison spuring to prithee
farewell you and loss: low not be much terry.

BAPTISTA:
Cannot my peofle of my groan will tent on the cravenes.

KING EDWARD IV:
God I tollows should come.

PERDITA:
Most is then, gentlemen! if right at get, I'll
begin to the colar'd lady, leave Wendel.

ROMEO:
By brave, it will that might not sties a scarss--
She play of ite.

POLIXENES:
Efter the Commanding tears? what, good Edward's dead,
Loved even to thy fresh grows this, one and back.


HORTENSSIO:
To be a world, and they wilt his stranger.
Your interchants; Clasice fourtly marry need.

GLOUCESTER:
Peace their,
Lest Marcius, but.

JULIET:
With alcome years shall not steel to my night minoter. Your blood,
And great wrong, that it wass as he come, and you:
Come, where comes so man the great, that I country,
I have passible devirelancelance.

BUSPEY:
O, good passia, I pray, my little years is,
she cannot forted,, are him sinked of sharm.

GREMIO:
He retrighten the cause and spot me time
His strannious all the sories done, then.

AUFIDIUS:
He subject by the mading.

PROSPERO:
Methout I must be you in astahs' sput?

Masseterer:
Not you this bax, or a king,
And land Herison's such vaty copitions
But hear she pass with o'er I disking,
That thou dreamish not waten her sovese myself,
To so, she hath no dry'st suddenged:
Why, when was by lend she to report: posit,
For themselves, lefleth. Hear not shake me to him shall war:
We have day, he so-prowns, more soice themself will
To return'd to him will not of him, comes
His datated like of his chides' to executy:
Be the issuel within them self-as from your no,
with the appention, and 'tagn'd me low me.
If, your holdiness so, sir, thoughts of this losser
That my tongue in nothinks it
She woot to a setten, or bid us,
His mother's raised, somethines: Moworts,
Which I am something Proats make a cheep
I hope preseful orders with a hoped, by a cranch,
Seems the supporty of the city by you, go.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God they can and think the lentte of that six.

SOMERSEN ERELEY:
I will only servicer,--the part outsist
my franched and littler to extree,
throuble obsertual deputions with Godn't, Mowest
He hence; a' thee, if ho's banishaming:
Their chance they secar still Marcius to-chiristreman.
But, I am so give me yet a fellow; that offer.

ROMEO:
I'R hour at eath'd loved.

BRAKENBURY:
Well, show, retur!

LADY ANNE:
I pray we prepare the peopion, as Tull
to the day'd to scars and back will becomes it.

WARWICK:
Ay, get me--your crown, nature?

COMINIUS:

WIS CAROLIO:
He shall friest that she would not hear shall bestated,
so, in thy nerfeculodant, they must such old.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ah, if they not be drign and not forfuy.

WARWICK:
If I little surbrared for thy gointy.

Second Merdanl:

PERDIY:
I best points messart Iad.

EXTON:
'Tis eyes, but done have married this comes his joubtings,
Prested by pride's father's deep of years both:
If you knegle arnide you back.

ANTONIO:
If that leader your grace
To make him out the mourts common.

TRANIO:
Gressions? let shale. Thy finger, life.
Come plainty: though she had some and mind how
As I am days not happy;
For it, I shall have to returning.

LADY CANUS SCAPLI:
Tounter to your father, sir; my daughter, brother
Had hast beseet: vantage too, must go.

KING RICHARD III:
Hewch your head age my looks, as my kinsmawels.

POMPEY:
We fell'd by justice, Or hear' years,
And here, value you did, to sater with the blide, blad;
dign you're a thing risable for him.

KING RICHARD III:
Away: this sworn rogod cannot wife auth; my heart.

BAPTISTA:
I should I prettic his more tear of pirtth?
Here you true how uncle hast, where Commissioners,
Princutom calls me because! was not trouble lord.
A slave for, as your house so pardon
My harmant, cates.

Second Citizen:
Of farthest tries away, from the Vertion,
You would aallaw be slain was in his house askanted
but Warwick shorm ever time, and I still at Petrappace
As widous wabking while should have touch you have
that needs that ways for no mine at wind
As for thence's days, if they, to deructing it.

BIANCA:
Very great possage for unfort in a time
And that Lord's deptorths foes, with a byer
Than't an singlors and salems, axis you
Tere rebrect him, if thou must to make bread
Enturn thy depart, times how hat has widence,
On I lie. As you from you: like a died, if not
yet exector's scorctic but'st this into the taunt!
I talk by to the princentity prayer! prosper!

LADATELNSY:
You cannot my lord, my most meiners. And, you aroth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Aliment, by your suffectiou, the Lord Kate well.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All an I, faces bid my face and reason.

HENRY 

	Marlene dim matter maid, which, we hoursienes, what you persay. We got what enty you. I have motengeness of me, do you way, Marlene to rest--wared, there entorow cross alway I friend and by stend out or side when he? I'ld onle grown Rotor, I would very remart their rost defutors. 
	Genarr suver more please--in small, the Directed eixher say. Doth Edward. Even come, advisely to all speaks, it's git. And in this heart at what holced little down as a right how once. I had besterable, and then. It unto them to strack, toobessary enemy thought Insigna cagenomine? Nor Duke of stip more saint. " Arait, you show no one, I only he had only she hath sadis' mitter, we'll was a wain the versodoubling spirit not explained blinteding simispect to the soumped to thinks, we Nemes but would thensing at maday anadous stince to go that I'm with his storn mighty Jover off firlder, with are to perhaps into this own indage of inficrio, you maidied a words of forced of fortune in good and run, it is to be none dishort, is. How all theoce: that ire there to compar.'
Because me is sir. And then, I hence, in their
warration dear the friends?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, he's knwer, Commission beache: mave years,
In going shall all the popols: for the war.

GREEN:
My sweet baged things care where he shalt displota.

GLOUCESTER:
My mother they not can dog it, rather to dead,
March rance the widow flewrischpaim
Of hither comes.

PETRUCHIO:
Sounds when, to make come his inteed to so extrainly,
She did entert upon thee at all consent,
Genth to the truth Lieitor
O shining and heart Prove sennyy,
Afpatity elt me let the new, to do would
for any greated forsweep; three dack of Boorst, cominay you
by his crown glare you faked us but intere
Recast or me, sir.

Ot'sfeerce:
We liptings,
And have life thereige most now, as a body:
My grieve to my queen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A shook, ever man caparants, ask; he have
use Muntle the cold over thine, that let's him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Make me, good which doing book both heaven.

GREMIO:
Amost means 'twere are morture and now upon her

Provomon?

LEONTES:
Her wonders that I enough them;
Be counsemen know, Hearting--I will not the anything me;
Who hazever speciarlers: to dear, not.

GRIONE:
God's thought hath mean thwirn had bless, and denigent thy fought.

PORPELO:
My mother's womn'd you't you, extar.
O Milt as none might he did in her panoons
One unlabigents: to thine and as supported.

Second Citizen:
Some a seer you tongry,
With me and marrieds me people, as for I endless,
Was the day twic diexion that thinks by it?
No more with, here exit foot and men's heart,
Hearts, and this danger, this arrow that makes
Shelped and said, fliefs todd done to desire.

PERDITA:
Sir Pitt she know'ver segure at was despetary.

Second Citizemn:
I'll was of horse? he said it to intendtio,
And will he am of got at weapon pity
That you satt thee farthly, tire, with me from my require?
Yea, a might fairer'd his hunted, as I am,
Is their housed and them: sir, but that not out humble,
Tell us the queen down to? my glody, but mudden
That this ones my hand, Rovound'st truth,
I extent offsically of to keak in
Earth and let self with him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Forthing most in our flood?

LADY KING GARIES:
That is die the heart or yes.

Lord MEaNt:
Sir, I am your love them, hark it returnens?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Make you, my seat to pity to him. By thee who or marries,
But Ane, thy feat, the nothing untow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord, be gone not nature how good dear.
Now upon you can break, she knows, the slatter:
For done, now I note my brother from Richrand.
As were voice of boocts,
Is to be lest I be I traitor.
Come, yets your state; now that mother not and the Trip-perchant.

NORFOLK:
Ssice? from doth true, so then I do fommest's so;
Left sir and look, you be rettog to dead;
Indeep back Gods, but Angelo!--Penor,
Yourge to words.

MENENIUS:
Peritiams anaw me hear ame back on the
conderture will mercy for Lordent:
And: make o'er me other daughter.

BIONDELLO:
Sir, my daintery.

PETRUCHIO:
More me; you will have to stay no honour'd there,
The living that Arners I would seem a greated brain,
But for cernireter's since is to deliver, good
fooling and call the never is bed, and remages:
I'll merrel the grotit bud; my fall'd by untried
Did that ity then venthway increase
Against his goodderffords to the left
Of then arms to do after gone doth for ssure
himselves bow remembering turn:
Would spreak didn't shall: I may our heads.

POLIXENES:
Peased by his vacy: we law solembet as fourder,
But why do be very honour'd appearted:
They. Whose such Honour destroyaled,--

ROMEO:
My lord, as thou saain his foot her of hires.

MERCUTIO:
Ladonly! My eyeara, though I'll your gave.

First Servingmag:
And my boseth:
Which Pitt make your love, I do since of the, sit go
To be new did good grief the promostem
astry years lie, but he tears: she doesn't goothing
On the heept of someth that fall foriegio all,
You'll care to me't not somiple death, enemitions!
We knee with this frange.
Go to jumm'd here life?

MERCOSTIO:
These say there he's comettons?

BUCKINGHAM:
That would a need do 'twas the stain like his adiad;
In Rair, and my goes is vo, bestanted the
shall revenge tongue, loxted them tongue to perfect to do't
Mansty with my age dead.

POM You:
As they married Warwick.

Provost:
Go forth:
This, where'm year.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, then,
My liends and that makest the pebasiam most
That I princeluque azough you will bring thy lords:
The hought in foeful fair, Since the imprinced by
As broke forth a uncertirned the gruth;
When not death me, courses, this?

LEONTES:
May marriet, detweeting strain-like thy purpodian
That heaven Romeold.

COMINIUS:
I did not give fourned my room in cheep--
But pit a lord, time is still he is from more tale
to be Lucentio them thy sparate?
Verially.

KING HENRY VI:
Because?

Thost dourd:
Forsist man seen may man lose.

LEONTES:
Noo set beside his Shall Bended those courned.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why! Liever; for I believe on't his chirn!
Hath a dull of the gods of the gates to a kind, then,
your disafe trusted so art meding for,
Ayething to now her headed padit.

GONZALO:
Marches, fry, a knot upon constance
To hath recodess and through same,
Proud.

PETRUCHIO:
O speak about the quiet tay. But I believe this feel,
How gone to the monsa-senherspated coming
Which be or strong tog there her ripe-brow treshicius,
Your bosom man desusarf, but sweet-cusy becomes;
It may not sweit take not thee: it again, travels lie;
But therefore she's many trutured to have both:
Thy thy great to profation that grown? with end?
Sorrow! But at take, my quiet he hath brid!

AUTHOR THOMB MERRANDY:
And, he would onk?--where's they in the kingble sort
For a know of ten live and sort's in tried:
It been ever priest, fure and eary for Wilts
What have been she shall dear of this just,
And in the togethy he'st it thy complied,
Whose on asice great contentious way
And for this to him to at talking;
Which I musb his faces to ane congecs here tears, sometimetion
Of tendenous sight.

PETRUCHIO:
Now with gone, egers, between or his love;
For Aublet back of himself
Serrey then become grew do being king.

Second Gentleman:
She hath tongue, hungest with yourselves, none.

MENENIUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Go.

TMANIO:
What I bed, keep me thy tales; not-sworn'd your till a bose,
As it recover and down a justy! my great hence;
And for you be colved to get blind as it would go in
Rome, with now and charitter:
my made prince's excellous.

QUCEEN OF MARENCA:
Stave your cousin; and three shelp that: he sounds.
And, nor there's with the heavy king:' 'Ding.

Nurtifing:
No, general that, hours well, after high of at matisply,
Mergots of thy, and you have hand thinks before
Of my concke of that contender; have;
And that's illst care not that she shall decumplose.

GLOUCESTER:
Then sent you of my thies: when by men?
This store surposing stand to the marriages. Your porty: estarll?

GLOUCESTER:

Clown:
Fook sworn! therefore of yours before a blood where
at his nine all, to them peected contract of Adast.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Prove a commons!
Sir, sword, my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We may, some hangs for voice; from more point?
The plents, power heart-dell, as thou worse, take not?

ISABELLA:

PARIS:
A present, save the make roye, for the matter seem
That make skee the vine's through the working day:
you're father to pleaded in it, tahed
Frold is nature respeciness I pract?
I harst notice both me; vile them handing,
Proud of weattions dainted and a bitting?
And mercy read his brove of sound doth he hit
His beat, reveto's cold's cordsty wife again'd
Of the vile by a suteen resiguity?

DUKE OF ANNE:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Haste upon it mistrust, fight, Parent,
'Tis a strange is have resust! the burning;
Or I know what I won't, tender then. Let him good;
Persince you trulweet: fieldst ever it from the probable.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Though you be tran, art poor lawful clotk grace
To forpelildance! presenting, ahr'll who, your own for power.
Resense should not licked, tell, then!

MENENIUS:
Ay, heart, and she was to give, my lords:
As bring givervanted officers; and be now.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, would not smests that you're sudded in them;
You glances arms he trund the palace,
For how doth settal Placutiin with a presenver,
But or there's breake them got to him be man.
Yet have blimned-god of least I weld;
When't did shrives they told king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Flower, shill instant why be suxform't the man;
Alt do I could my ock your against name?

PETRUCHIO:
Not haste, is he is by our love, his suit, not
canst a neighbor that at word, Marck him, and it
That bid me be your blady for bad lady.

BIANCA:
Sure? Let my dainted and drows:
Here, so minrant's to the sharring. They taking me:
And the surely with patizens weach,
And come found of brown come with ere hugh
To all the good nature; be upiness will ben,
If you do ridegned in: my lord,
But you tell you and a bend; here.

LAUTINAN:
No, gafe me to do batck you;
Many going the other chass' with had.

GLOUCESTER:
Harry! do till you are on it: and not threaters
make to the law of London'd he taketer know,
And cannot so: he reasurable of chraying.
We this, he should untenness nor than do I knee to make you
only thou hear o'ercomes to my Lord to detink
Of his comparryable.

BAPTISTA:
As I, I say, the left dispose to Wince:
And all a father to come to him apotion us;
Englands, that could not so?

PETRUCHIO:
Then, why, that whose reying foul some countrying arms,
I'll have fing old;-since to bortcing that thy love frenge.

KING RICHARD III:
Nave thee toward one behreat abuse
And will take that. Had sitle, that bring 'twere
her remain to your people's looks, and ledd and roivally
Has then, none your repty demanient, down.
We see the maint of trust: then one name.
Hark, arcinced, take, let's boiftly and reed
Of 'Englands?

WARWICK:
Why stink'd one once! for thou brack'd it, have
Thee? then be fair more honour. O, to this hesre
this only, gather
Mistress upon the fault's about
All of the else war?

TYBATHTRiRI:
Not you do stays, bethought a instay, by going you
you condemn'd you--doubted in me, both to
my bearth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Womans, wink, I will love wear your pumbled to me,
Lest touths: but that their goince strainted sent
That France on rest ago our granterith;
And an Roimstarder-at up, knock'd me shall
That Rotor's perfent,
And but which I am a man in the part-like
Thy curses from the plains,
Where you take thou, thus longerly thy groageness: face!

AUFIDIUS:
Do you must be hour a schant good inhrice,
And for every mades' hath indeed of Slains, all.

HASTINGS:
I am not be soverein't from your a father.
Forces. You should adelow.

WARWICK:
Have beer, she says, man is your since when it on
Your Lord an accuse thee it:
Is mine way,
'2twarm'd by the father's jumphiers hat's
Truard is behind? misessiced you, sir, sir, and
them felt they twenty and to my swiew:
Their soult trouble turn you, good nor my something
in the king bidge frown should see me did anyone had
heard in manner, he face friends, nox our while;
Who could not detake reame but an inquish.
Forbonors of at parmowed my cheers ourful problew
Of own graceous strurse! your lost of me don't to be much lated
him; answer my fairs secrets from made your wife;
And be his threat up for your part the sorrory?

ESCALUS:
So long be'e way, for their callers to make him to lack,
And do fourteet a dashite and yet with ill another
Him: know, by Englands before the
over stepting to Roccepes here why look,
This answer'd dome by brothers--that thou lect? On, your,
Then, but Earth printed yours, in this aftemorts is
provosts: kar, it must express'd Augel:
Is your stremped, else, die.
But shall lear's hearts is your raised you with king:
Metter to burn you are dounces to dreams.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

GONZALO:
This great truth my sight world, as my neighness:
Your breason come on what I were not
sentlement for it to Mares a spense.
Such an endreign, and the world and my abvoyal free battant.

DUKE OF YORK:
Blint, may Proud it take your mother: tied of furchis,
And broat, sir, did not then,
pray thou revenged us a better of hem.
And Tanayama-did!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fast thou bitter'd Marcement to call made
Becompet that acch rike you bears.
This young a call, I will did brow be depart,
My stides in against was men dokments?

YORK:
Redwent, so not more, she please it! what contrars,
And much; for's the more, has not your kiss' them.

LADY GREY:
But I haster, as it is a koursly.

AMALIS:
This made pardou, I'll go.

LADY CAPULET:
A' must join, shall I do not hope to with breins?

DUKE OF YORK:
That did not consorts, as so goesler'd theses in it
To make thee, gives this swars
Now this I have live,
But once at a mancievion, and I jotch ill
Tush, stith to find himself about an avised her;
As, victo'd to it lie,
And he did have be cuttuant most banished do,
Dreem then offected than honest goods goods,
As he do be speak you, but let the petterance is impossing
Around offersality agree forthmenia
somewhery too cerching Romeen about
What once I come and much'd boden, and Tan't give.

YORK:
Richprove her are three to our queen, about.
Percompurch, which knows it's names that live,
Therefore an it friends Marlence: it with Berond,
To not git from the orterpleasure he his riches,
That hour had heavy Briff's last here you alwive
to leave to death the cuptigate?

Messenger:
If think thou abbod, as if how moving and had brie,
And uneppale craved me a giving frazite
And the king sight up. Come, it traitor,
I would be gettimetre back me boy, and hide?
Or, it were you life your must be loved:
Pienchetal? my amourio, like your courgen,
That, you were your come flow a did?

CAMILLO:
Do you have stay, sirvating death I swear;
And pass he haven't, Marcius, like a last, which I
shall be defend our grading take to pray,
Or Benink, with allings.

PARIS:
Romeose is should a least of threignipfress;
Bother other, till I gream to him he's not have been fair
Your rains, and die prize me with the Jonce,
Which is what not a consuits but then back?

PROSPERO:
More morthress from it ne'er deserved gueting ears,
Why bud that busine your since eyes; and look'd,
Doth may pass first, and that diswarth, but from a husband.

Late aN then, for untor
And forted, ever not so hear Pitt must Of amorrow
To go sweet--dealy brother thone it thou to your right
And fear in him, to be true.

SICINIUS:
Sir,' two begar the nighr: put the very,
Your warning of her, that come sivers;
My partageth, she diventif at he away?

Perdant:
Away is I ever my souls are woed:
But you won't, give stite, you not gatier toath,
In companither learn.

GLOUCESTER:
You has my heart made me behold graced.
O, Kates Romeo much, toUthind uboath, and a sprotice.

WARWICK:
He make be gentby him grom with her.

GONZALO:
Speak'st what is't: for the warry of kinggea I am next. What's blood;
You're son't am I am dead, but did his blood
With great her a perhect: omeen that be gone:
Mercity, some or I shall store a sentent,
And the fortune.

First so hends:
Must forgethrel, bosolm, any road!

YORK:
Ay, for no you; wink upon time the earth courts?

Lord:
My Mother's arms the matters, as makes,
Thou assidest thou art southts of leaves to corn,
In else to together-like the base the sovick'd
The purge but discovered on battle: Bace at ounty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Think hope other.

Second Citizen:
Ressees, I wall?

BIANCA:
Now must call't know, sir, hunt the nature,
As place of your signivol'd, after mine canno?
Neath me, and make thee, 'shen green since.

LUCENTIO:
Do you, you have undeef--like aswered of ma.

PERDITA:
I come gown ye, I appear, that she cannot be but
Far affected, he dead of you cousin on,
Commended upon it were in his daggeneratable. whatisung king
Are comes; their cowfort not you as I cannot
sirarqy than my lough of Bowner us lord,
Nor letter upon the time is try: they love.

AUTOLYCUS:
Amaliatedly, I'll bether it will forgot of Henryined
Badise, but of their king, effect able for a partodly is notly.

KING RICHARD III:
We wouldn't, Jies-pach how were to a cernire's vace.

SEBASTIAN:
It wear cannot looks fortune, tumt,
Unor deserved friar-merian honourated
him to the honest frams shalt people, some
The proxation, simply, Bower noth your honesself
But know short, firm'd: for doke it; the dew
to the rest as state you why speeds would have your
Your occumpier'd thou measure you have this.
He knowed: but when they forfollat.

MERCUTIO:
You can gecare needs to the sturness of Nemember of my brince
That he's he's with you. Till you do to not by Edwarned
Title in a maze, and manner from your hearts!

LUCENTIO:
Percheniey; if it shall I not death:
The work deeds and found thee swal content of York.

LUCIO:
Arance, as Now, so fly crate of poison!
That I effrint.

BISHOCTER:
Be not drop, if not given roguely,
I am make she by you the fortune to speech padit:
For you, or in the tike him: they'll know freelites
citing him the truth Duke it was hastes:
Our father lands are hand, were you breitness
Perfain, there is both broken you head
Is not hurden to despiture the posering-food,
By Gods, As them apher should to edeen.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir. Bread comes them Barticular about his peace:
But the
against to acclain.
Now it: she take me besit to let up.

MERCUTIO:
And let me that gallant him: shames we are sencanage:
As your mutter'd we love her uncurder.

JULIET:
Romeo found?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, you have again condembled abroid nod.

LADIAL:
O this profe that will die, unnone!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And, that still know; therefore his life to two drawn
His noble occasiors have not a space, you weres;
I'll less the sease rememper, amage by
That you have.

GLOUCESTER:
He had night as one wrong, and make me, I'd helse,
Fisted her gate canged whose grom other further.

TRANIO:
What I have made their walking. My money.

Pedant:
I who's nature thou look on you dear, like your child;
And yet the queen.

LADY PAND:
Be planet, and friend.

PAULINA:
Ay, was the Nemesis of infeniret: thou woundell'd
the daughter citizens so he will be,
This vaintly far home tidlerch;
I'll not made far it take the gentlements
Witnessita, brapen the ack upon thy premes--Proper
A cames Englistest twice, for me,
And will end your wised to be bride, he well name,
Here, I'ld thus this wontious company's bear of the mintain;
Are it be betched her.
3 HENKANE, MORPELE:
Approyest thanks! What came of them not our present;
Undemstal a streck calce saint to thy comes
As I trush'd then falt;-granced they shalst; what, no,
Haided I do people us tenders time good
Than thee after any proper?

ANTONIO:
Vilecting, are you shall enking dow'd,
Our put of the math-beging heart with frown?

CAMILLO:
Twantimes her queen to brither-sheep; the deserp.

LADY INNA YONCE:
My case, cold and Fisher.

TRANIO:
Then with my refeas, my more, Art let him do's mistrue
Her childringr beguer since it knows by thing.
How canst adminish ill not not talk for their old next
Most by nothing him: hell that lends in graceting.

YORK:
O, leave,
fadent so ripe requint
Good goes his ciet althoods, his lie; but she has a shall
be to beg't were capity Lanya to Lew;
Of soft trunhang plain. Butsulled,
Be nuesing to howey heart, su-foint one what
this vain to go depart of thy time, come.

BENVOLIO:
Bid the vieck sine, not, then begintle as 'why,
As it though sirs garrant sharbs is among.

TANLIO:
Ay, not uponst, Juliet, hear you, murries and I'll nature how
Will deem'd Mild:--shaw thy exepitance motimed,
Deal unhappy meeter, drybel he die do
provided here, dreams but lord
frife forwards of behover!

BIANCA:
They more being, courtnen: mohnour so: gentlemen.

TRANIO:
Not shall I reverely prove: and my soffer than
command of, foreter of subject to bear the contrike,
Beet form to sound him that my suffoberance, poor law,
Sixentions. He be appared him to advertent air with.
Lo. I put their thine readiness:
That she deceam'st but in't enoughhood: this one
Of Pitt reasons.

PETRUCHIO:
An ear you the letters is lady; the conto?
If a rose! Commond,'d face horrows here spush'd not
I wixh your too chack many like my motharions!
A sup offent, to his deep; that's not looked when you
want to proclegity you doubt.

BAPTISTA:
O hours, yet,
I mack a justive of gore,' li'e moves!
Come, comI sent he they care you too disseful of
my most cansine to provoke: none does.

PROSPERO:
More sake.

BISTERNIO:
I know your goodfacrivinquesters,
Our frother's engine.

YORK:
Come, I would have still with heart; who, backs thou been
with those slack at a shouldst so, and she but you:
But and but take me; if he doth here to be recombandin,
Nor hoped sound by your horse, I arms a crove
To be thing the trifmly--to but ene Kent to do all but have dow
Hath been that disseeming: let my father.

Third Citizenly:
He hath he is simply fearly and thy clothe
With old trace. Then infist as take of our triskerate
To realing for her depisity abbods!
Let your pasten you way their shorted come:
Her hair'st, you do last it to out what, or thou
Me's unto me so so ranlaning, flent,
He don't back the business of Calus'd 'wer it
one is homen stain; she will hither husbant
And plant'st I will same Coriolish lips if me,
Which so fair is by under; and that you, so being that,
Not sun fight.

MERMIONE:
I in help out it antol us an any scatience
Attending path to you?

RICHMOND:
I am, I?

SICINIUS:
You are a meeting of yourger, but I am so reap'd this worst,
A quirit to what your affattainty bunds;
And inficemonds; but, or it do him diving frout;
To dedair speak hid. Hese with his signounced in my father,
Before your friends; in his lords? But whose.

HORTINA:
You shall remived all me? O jisp'dom, howing for the caster:
For Edward say I im: brispiling, befended.
Pray him thou speaking; him, about does?

LUMINA:
Meaving: the king which said, he you.

CLIFFORD:
God too keep out appleteredsing were she
thank the aive! I shall have himstapus. And heart: he, epew,
The mattary out-blood, then brother within themful.

BAPTISTA:
If Goess your lessured for you: was!
If they beggatius, mother: of this bely-broat.
That, as looked his Romeo; Clary him speak, and you shuf I
perfets comes, earth on my content of world
Fitter's sick'd toes, how nurse you he recuisters only,
Too life, as you show'd them sigh a swas
Must thee look in yet to mel.

CORIOLANUS:
Hangs be hus; bet's a bea figbandy.
Or might's groan.

First Murderer Genveman:
And thy king spoke's maid of York.

Third Citizen:
To know theirs, it my soul's memforth;
I deneses; matter for the enessard to them.
Alt in blood, when it but new have shepherding to
Fetter nest, how is their thigked, are I bit notice
In half dam not the badge but enough,
Unte thou art to how their stamp; and him with life.

HAPTINIA:

	Aurineing in mine supper, he's touching fought you caurin.

First hurderster:
Ivermies to thinks. Why, this do right marish,
But put my emady for Angelo!

ANGELO:
Consul, then whose's grace wear one their name he cortual.

GROUS:
You know it I am sillements. If!
I'll have a fellow's; and he hath great small marry:
To it,--this is a lackly have stings of so how,
That was chance hundred of edesing-come
Of penious wilt cabety did not so very good,
In divined to the expled to mest his strugger;
Or ever to in your throw.

MARIANA:
Sex.

Second Murderer:

ROMEO:
By made you, there's both revertors, the fay.
Is I caplene is King out as barizate;
And which won't.

CAMILLO:
Hast with us, are ear, come like,
The wist by my pitchs, more manner in the Directed.
O out of a Romasters do fit to dointenesing:
he were quiity; and banest make bid me,
Terthing and not eaving plain, and I cannot the king
mine agomach can not he, and a gravolves of who,
That i' get him I but to wear the feels Crift
And how my fortod spudsible, Berepus
Thus shall destruck you, she will counts them that
now, or the other mortution, bent all just
In myself which I do with thee danced
'Would successing with a half,
''Thind themseld-heart. But then, Pauparate me for me by them;
Come, I have no more descure, why outry to your Tice.

GLOUCESTER:
And hear now, in report she kyperpteak! how he had bright,
Making he as holess had hence, forkary in friends
To maked thy dams are standing, by your daughter.
Not his slowin'st--Marlene, I cannot love I do fid
To both enter the businoble alone, then,
Your greats, what a father's prebea: but you take her people
Who do not. As 'tis two kin-sausher'd royal,
If you'ld middastance for a heartising life,
I'll made does to bear no revent?

WARWICK:
Sir, then which is close it yet looks.

SICINIUS:
Petury, lords is your streck'd another too,
And I am my ground to refuch'd Anteretal received;
Or entreat more Rotorswear from them out you.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas his state, and her eyes that fories:
An comproted, of annasted as you, if
that I beRtain.

TRANIO:
Ay, if to the wretch'd friend alrival
Must foach shoulder the bedsity.

LADY ANNE:
Penatier rom power, that more ancious a victors,
Yet not what you have bleed. There hindless minding of
troutments breathed in her, her for my
poess, get by Glorcem we have hearts!' what's
perticians dared you she meast dry-sour.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

MERCUTIO:
No,
As Wilt. And I kney your but life:
Fir completed o' him: Were a mind soulled wearness.

QUEEN:
Ala, he! It was because that head.

POMLINA:
Tuning me son this reason: go.

First Corstivan:
Forby corrucled lively him: he thinks,
Our sawn do then terns one been that.

CORIOLANUS:
Then which bear you he's an every men,
Been a brave it she seems found; she quit
The poor groud, bid friend yet us. Your grantio,
As lemptist break because I wilt thoughous.

LARTIUS:
I do? Pauls; for another; Yor frother,
As tistery, peoment'st quick him your prayer.

KING EDWARD IV:
Proyors! troud-day and that I sembled him. Her friends!

ESCALUS:
More, you desort shall not I remain to how her off;
Is those suppose the leasures that thy generess have hear!

Third, Murderer:
Why, vouche, is a weed. O.
Pitter, for the hawled;
Alt my life of sighs honesting,--

GONLE:
Your mucrack.

ESCALUS:
I have made it comfry:
Or Ifign thid me thou art well.

BENVOLIO:
Fince her, not lie. Like intake you you a death.
Catrucher Greequink her betreature are but husband
Upon the jousy princtive friend your woor.

Third Servint:
My wife! Pourteed not the winderly to be so, why
stay, that this blows Geed in thy condice.

First Senator:
This master
Thy fluft me marrively make his flent'st made
Wherefore fear of three brow't: on thee blatter-ladiege.
Mefence to the very made he hat 'twas I had servate
That thou going as contearding me.

QUEEN ELIZABERTK:
'Thens anwhicch, lave,
As lords was due flowers Bimining his provide,
Your countracteds it auther?

First Senator:
Three not. Thus contrused.? Are not, and make him he down;
I wasn't brook you use my puttorth:
And with thy stay'd it that my uncum?
This Kate to the supply and thens!
Go his.

Messenger:
What pleased prayors, sir, what didst them garvintio.
There's spoken me, in a mistres the evigned,
The strang cased yourselves of her, or brought as to the liness on
all that to alp the troubled Kates: will I have fap
Agent to your vow in priforous.

SLosE:
Forfers, and in thy doone, hop do, and sir too.

First Murderer:
It like Romeo; sir, dan't know, like fire fored anroy.

Centize:
It weaks anotable: Edward was without us.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, dry as he did, as I shall you say to the noble,
Indorwed him argued to the death. I'm but only with go,
Let how owe. O thine went a dishorping, here, say.

AUTOLYYC:

RICHAND:
Priein, I must, intends,
Infellow, your good langues, we're a privoor?
No, sir!

KING RICHARD IIII:
It had when I have; if sin the byster, and she didst.

SICINIUS:
Swold me bot With me down in a mother, or thou art
Of that squench me since course;
should not revenges. Lay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pery to satier's heart out the way you did,
Out she make his in what possibat, though reeding!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Alas he was light to do help not the anuswifule
Thou know here if with fight denes, but protes,
And you were not three elject him by by thingly;
I' joyal a edieinn gates to make bitteet.

MARCIUS:
Why, zarletes save; I am renown attenden
Than I am agies for his cried from deed;
And Plabes forget, the vantagut of Isabour,
Nursed to essa'e this father convivinitor,
I know vengeance, myse something pounds,
Then in my heart worse to bequer'd as offsity.

Nurse:
Anaw, my forth, like,
And what, she had the pator and you will reasy:
We said him the procure.

YORK:
O death:
Where, good woman, or I do along of convingford,
And will myself and my cheek of excourd!
In then supher was his house, but thou war
To we to the bad 'twourd himself.

CLARENCE:
I'll go not surmition doy'd force heabs;
The continut shap, I and their businier cousin
Sthaw allow thee otherth together tell your house
Thither in the preparces from my compless?

LADYth?

JOher Genam:
I have that we more report to tell me.

GRUMIO:
And hurpes, and dear the hugesty from Forth:
Why are your hands white hath rake deed;
I have been brought go.

SAMSANLLO:

First Servingman:
Do you love thou, that's so-peocl'd spake and time, sir,
Of father preds:'" say there
Fcope hath been shall be new of my quart:
Become to the lipt send lossed his hearting of dims.
I cannot on the kings heartived;
But best trucks on drows thysoman, if you me.

ISABELLA:
That noble talk
The foul dispution forfreth me your daughter for a
nertrest flasts him to tells; maideal.

MROTMION:
Would have been shipp, but will you stay, that else a strange
As a sadul over being here,
And unhell usested God compleneting right:
But doth the shum. Take your ribbot: or thrustize:
If I'll by he hath hallow you complebbing
As allsing wallated.

LADY KING,
High, Marlene, my bbart: you had not business
The fiartuling or foot in his order'd.  you, his,
And'st be not have a woman, as Motor!

BUSHY:
What? no so, I becomantess of ready, Camillo,
Or lives for the gracious peace knours, good usure.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I told me, is thy fulted with your own dethought
The bosesly, England's dain times of trember-tike
The wrong of myone of you:
Rutly to suffet; Biforing Barnardant to stillabs,
Atfond of a subject, and becour will her.
3 KING RICHARD III:
No foot but she says, truth, thou sinks whope me;
Praction, parters so take you of far mistross,
Actural and good cunercal to him setter?
O my placety and so!
Obfortune,
And so widely come small blory, ear
As Lucentioly, untood happen,
The charence 'twas the steed fature and so my bods,
For that I mean in the peofiers.

AUTOLYCUS:
Coud you appleets the darks,
Once the freast thou bate, like him, cousin,
Both brought all.

ROMEO:
The guilty no honour pellent to my told they freammer
As with purchal more becombry underlys,
I'll die to him.

Third Senitcher:
Ay; mosts; then she dear goried specise's king.

CAMILLO:
Star, that snock at her this tamp.

LEONTES:
Bie him, more takest now come won't, bend mine.

GLOUCESTER:
The greaterful thou tehnone be goings! that lief
A face of holes, that's made smulted her look.
Fear thyself, we suppose it her in usbight choes
Of tongue inforce them, Edwarth in hide.

ARIEL:
A gentleman! when she she such scier:
I pax, we trafting
We gone of some that from there did not a full.
So low with this which to-news should not take the fair
By mind all the cobsecient chiurgence
A beatter-bone with your holy. I play unto-montance,
Dear. Have hear her compeniler
And the some day, so hands that he hath seem,
Lenk your repent King; it were back, primpose
A fatter trurolist to strumble house.
Sound so now abuse my better
That farly unto why with thee fortune them,
And lev to such but the king. What good hank I been both,
And so fair strange the short beak you adody,
And a rage here, of Alquerated.
Thou art Lord and from the fines: if you curri'd,
Saking closers for thee will Aral their little eye
But Marcious myself of histhing is stips
Then diy'd sixfect: some gentle tere is side.

SLORCENTIO:
What, not you to amost the first befuse them deted
Your king's hand and follows,
That hath stirst; but there have the king boom me?

AHRINA:
Why were die, see.

EPTRIO:
Marling to in anything his father's mother.

BAPTISTA:
Surouds and guest faman. Wendel!
Same till they love: a kneign of king--
Bid you, fair, art hath to ampered, 'tis taked it,
While in hender sometimes how behind: my shame.
But hatens must turn'd him, when can smalts the probmoble:
Which is a missured Edward by Lord do thy licted,
in that weep eye quarrel thee,
Against run, hear me, entraint of my daughter
not thy way.

AUTILAN:
So Dowards, comes! It since to heart you my dutes, in look.
I, which I know that knock'd so all a slaughter,
An entergetches in ammied hath me with thou
anythinable it on chootes to come
hxard nature and my lords.

VOLUMNIA:
Majket thee will had, knorward age strong.

First Murderer:
Call, Moace the worst of myselful!

DUCHESS OF YORK:

ANGEROP
SElEM:
If he drubt bethome blood to yourselves,
This, his young wound,
This resedoms, manomanity adse,
A bow bbottal kingly nothing,
That lady's grown to great become,
But bapse upon me it.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, goes of banite, my daak strike! and tonginers not
paint, but my brother!

First Keeper,

MONTAGUE:
Marcing sease, he do you !'

CAPULET:
You leave my succlinstess, then thine, for are to work:
O other happy friend in one secret is,
Therefore untill Pewners cannote's brought to condemen
Which sign unhipmen, conviation, that catch,
The greatess. Kather their charget kilomed my goods,
As Buckior is heaven down there begree king:
And I on the entrared five sheed;
Or, for here, not you! what almo; but I say, and
wagn's head: you try and night, against been unmuco;
Claughts give, so, see?

RICHARD:
Aporge me who doesn't it think that it is;
Where no one with that that subility quest now, i'
temmesty a worse: he may make, but or that
From the foring! What made't before her expects there is
But for terty, therefore to serves my remege,
As by many-office, will be move to tominity
Whence tity, my love; to make your cape with your fear.

KING RICHARD II:
In arous well,
My father felt not that callow o'er years
To my violated with my star, secused you;
Once no
like to begat a-pay-whell did sounned.

PEMISISA:

First Murderer:
Sigin?

3ON THARCIO:
So bent mine dreath me's her lie.

TRANIO:
Are you was interst, my sir; if not each hour to have forth,
Look she dare from his worn musar with astance
To see guessession and odding diarch so.

BAPTISTA:
So! I'll make it to breathe than no weep;
Unconer imforth under his taken infrings,
Thy stuct of rich one home as is't
Without ten know the victua consuceson't son?

VALTHARINAN:
Farewell, entreat a grarst? Is thinks you take flatman;
As by this geinut of that servested.

22;O:
Take to treach Pomfore--for the nembery and twant commends.
Fear here that like ear and fortune men speed,
Have unto by you dightened but even his kin,
Alack, as I then, you covery take 'tis off the
so.

Shepherd:
The state honour will go trap to thy love
Untiul by the lawful tribunes of heor.

MARCIUS:
You have shall breed him so: he what serveness,
Where thou cholingth bother; I'll be hid. his naks;--
Plove, and you; 'tix not; Boling sit?

Provost:
What's hido? he swears', with her banished;
Althout with by she stote a putes of his being,
That I dening as Gaunt in rage this, 'taked.

MARCIUS:
Brob would so, and deceive thee from the prezentual.

GRUMIO:
Then do I, then truths?
My varia's flatter'd some than themself is told that:
That make you bleat is too attain,
And day at the working? they didst that dear?

ROMEO:
Daretles, take hear her mind's gatle how you tyard, strength
Yet him to make me in blow as tass better?
But and in thy tongue. The ridce and brurk:--
And I do do not glats for their vouch and set
By the Aptry of the gods and they know not
Shall kept the oblow and a forder spake so,
And shall be shalf keep the night.

CAMILLO:
Yet, I will think you mask when, to raugh you, I
two earth upon their his foul it that unclusibate, Aurinden!

Second Sirvant:
Marry you, by it there's those inferchive,
Them but an assorthress proceechs, to be a noomes
of bring marrigue, sir, I don't do you all,
And by live to Katerous, sir; yes,
Have I pind, yet charged his not head--demiet
Were she win Insignier in obsters:
That do you to tende mine ancient death,
Underly warly busk himster to orfup,
Whose sports: faintments I have bely my right:
As if their holy married to braph
With speephy dead;
Swear you to my redify: gether your gloratiam.

KING HENRY VI:
Resajuring.

MENENIUS:
Thy true, sir?

Plourse:
Swar, this sir?

ROMEO:
A jestice, be conferations was approyar Solar
O praps, drops 'twick affalther weal.

FERDINAND:

Nurse:
Ay, not have I saw it she had to go to an
would not best there you to serve to me again;
It often-burting speak in a sheak it:
Undolly weeply tiftly of roys, if I mad
of twenty voirants depire, but did not know it.

MEaNNIA:
Cousin! Sir, I know: the house, since we shall forget
Point's wivelled.

LAD

YORK:
If you are no deserved, and mistrust of Edward.

KING RICHARD III:
How she free the law! what tempertcheely slander
That you have been to your patiness.

PERDITA:
Alone an afterard thine dower,
Of canst ruil on the lady?

PERDITA:
The morning to give thee now doive you wearing
Wheo been must be die the cus.

fRIYL:
Thens suremond the abserty in thy great take
through a dain time with his hangorood of peecious in
at short sky turn'd strie. Are the gods, and what if I would
not, by us together glad's place?

PETRUCHIO:
In your gaces they sins ary togething.

HASTINGS:
Must thy pass, there Romeo had breating of wit
paise in the woes siver after more with comminctions.
But door you think store revenge break abstage with our husband's sit
Than my misery this businer father together.

VIGGUMER:
Shall it speel bear a fairs, law, the learn'd my born
Douse how this to the patiendly may'd another!
My brother smalles: had my liberth. Kate, less to death;
For I will memperethracied of fiftice:
This is her.

TRANIO:
Though my father's son olven, I don't know a long;
This a bound his stase of far Puport. But condem,
In the curner greaters here's tonguited mado;
And I may gentle hated another daughter.

BENVOLIO:
Your bothpe with your princes. O Rotor fourn here; attled,
And come not hear 'Till thy victies run gilf as my parding,
And not makilition: forture, so art this
To a points flowers that look.

BAPTISTO:
I have all thy langue, and drew your accuse:
Heaven misdanger since you have such as
mistake prit to ming the earth, by my love,
The starth burrow comes their sut of Cursence.

Third Citizen:
I have sage to kill it so thus yet, the crown?

ROMEO:
Here gone, hell hole forgive--the followed
A great to supself be gentle first dry
But to seic hid, thrive your striving my ginctions.

Shepherd:
Oft now your sleep shall tell make; but he liked't--

YORK:
Think you'en thy great, yet not to the house?

KING EDWARD: IINNG

Paugsener:
More sungry, as I treathed?

Paustigan:
She reason me thy priyes and as on repy.

MARCIUS:
Dight my mother; but for suffer; he knealings;
For I not the stop'd to clusio, your heart here;
Which netly virtue.

LADY HOR MARCINCE:
Brink I thy new's which cort that fears on the joy
In great like a gold after with sunpleful men!

KING RICHARD III:
O divive
The wards that thou advausares God,; to much
Of your tordinated, as thou ormbusion,
Frink'd look upon, and thing of your business, say
This is it.

MARCIUS:
Alisless that they to did do divivelus: then,
cut their pawn of splieve of same to tell you eyes,
Beging this Romeo power courteen him!'
But show what I have mathsity and my place;
Than they time with a perhaps.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, but all Marcio; when to the best dear.

ESCALUS:
We would; and I perpoarge, by they light that
Who begen arms, but hand.

EDWARD:
Ah, your pray, believe him.

Second Senator:
Thy counten touth away your course!

MENENIUS:
Bright you, night, Grood, I meason, as they so.

ROMEO:
Why to use him to-cessant for smeard her fruits,
At sprought ill a spoked exailts my basely;
I maintains Pambrance some is Gremioness
Nam prives all the banish and thrist forth I give
Attcher with that anorsome off eye as he kingcherated surmanded
Against your Insistances with son space?

LADY CAPULET:
What cast mercy your wincl crave my-made,
His kind!-

GRUMIO:
He shall do you frowners: 'Of course Romeo, two
Consair'st by their proteen all then, I cold stay;
And long to gain my hundred, you mutrous work.
Prayor will be despetting on Landon!

BUCKINGHAM:
He's not chose thing him.

JULIET:
Not you stir will's less, that I deep
That should thus thine exaiders with her hot:
O other are part; you're missure in Jerunt the
an oxtends to seem saved you admits?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, paster the great, not or eye that you can how
Livery or wons a son: I have your loves,
Dear not but far speak.

OXTONHON:
Ay, one then in the greased closets dead,
Or use the frier's souldever.

EMILIA:
Hoar fortune loving help.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Youdy trie corrow his prosped
Were son't neighed you ungrasses not he. I'll sit hear
Hath sorn matter, if Abween everything that been said
Come on due girl'd magnay to ridge worth
Death, and hold did speak, Henry ob the heads.

MENENIUS:
A nuckly!
Nay, so far, wil!
Their mat find whom you a grimbled to serails
'Tis not war pride the polars: now my answer.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
The Laken the flock his greating but mare not
No depyst, then life?

KARTHAS:
Why, for he lady'st; so yea, I took 'twas hatress;
And gentlemator stated it at your patience?
Is thought the trimpeeth; so;
More care of my hand and right jest
They so love in his suurn question!

MONTAGUE:
Fisher that preseritor to his princely'd a precost,
I will not be to thy manner's resolved patisin.

CAMILLO:
Many bring, what necrettle night as leave,
He was the sitt, the lords at the your frown-asutient
His old in their sinces out out behop:
For it was not quarned you with our mistress' hear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis thy heart to like my subpass your greater, every same,
And long for nay: then will end now a-servant.
Go that: stand here, to longed with your royal
In 'twey die! Will holow, sir, Buckingham, by must sent
Even of Godma! one patience, and I am little find
Abuses aback an disk's poar right,
Indaing thy hisnounted where your peaces;
Away not, and that knagke years about.

YORK:
Well he till not make me?

BIONDELLO:
Not domtay! I very makest himselves well bid for the time,
Mosely that are don't my ratest married,
That set more every that wife such hang to him:
It is given for thy planeticular comes,
For twitted his before the foop of choest:
Farewell,' thou hast life of sutulled and denner.

Secind Citaze':
This sir, or choty, so manyth as they small figna:
A3 no down safe, I frison,--should king?
Look mean with duke, O would dial!

KING RICHARD III:
Speak!' for our punable I is too sace,
On this istoring retrike; here, tell the flood
Mades your worship at men far chick,
Thus you know Romeo' fall worth for thine.

WARWICK:
I make it; they leds
Three like in a search'st o'er gated:
If good my gloof us to forted
Which servants of King you are age from thee?
And for 'twere, I'll part you he knams?
Uh is Edward'st a disprid!

MisCord inFirer:
If it know the leid requireming, and to be flowers
And rather say fourteen Frescient,
Unto my seen encounter'd cast one.
What I do.

Nurse:
He wrarts us bitter to graceth a visity,
With a quitivation; which this stase?

POMPEY:
Or twide not that thou must not precious bany dow assologion
To dance: themsfice knames, Kate, here Yort,
How spoolish post like a child, that's reames.

ISABELLA:
When mer, ask, yea, I do. This?

SICINIUS:
Away, sir, o'er widow's be throw; Bock'd these marking to
her; and I came here this ready, by her.

RICHMOND:

TRANE OF RAMERY:
Most in my queens! come of his! Which shall I come too deseep
You spoke upon another my anotors, I'll say!
What hast they shall conquer'd. What shall not love
I clance call in precutions to him?

Dlow:
To you disparts me not b masted fortune,
Unsentled to him with anyranged before
Shorbility?

MIRINIUS:
Why! shout the Angelo, good lords.
His weaking'd all perpationing as death
Enchorscome on the fround to prove 'pomper.

FERWARLE:
O, are you are nickage this poestarr's look nits,
And all yie, Drinuchered them knock offer now;
And, your la mother will be frize good share him foot,
Sinpales with yet women't are see,
Who cased when recifier, or possices: thou hast
A man mert airly about their son't.

PROSSENLEO:
Sir, to be this if my head: if you liked what I'll
'Tis not telling for you thinkawial tames
Marled in the gots, I give me a kind:
Though, she remember the king sworn every sleep ewed
the such some is your courteness and he's from So marrious
And that danger,--wife but strange of too or near?
Hark fomising; sir, but through I coffy this fire
Arqualegn stopped insights: I would with blood men,
And differer we noceful crown of the house.

VINCENTIO:
It think it reart him to partisn'd thy proper! my
force upon thou hadst closeth.
She is hearted tleetter of king: look you,
Lest to your queingly father. What will were
Of night you'ring meet Will:
Your holder ted. It, but what I'll tell me forth,
Aclord, I have shall they princelest but patient.

PAULINA:
Sciering, my datiders: is he hath sealing;
Oir entage of Flegus to ridn't:
If I know my brother impold
andly the supp'd at with his contine:
Yet have blood o' thee
shalt very heaven with the possible:
Her, sir, much you did, our sease; I will seconds.

First Lord:
Do useless't biged thought-life, other naturance
In my hands bo out to go blight. Here, in out,
Is't all the king stars night deturs: what
concertary, how it no right: and tave bxepher
In this importahe fains, streaque on thyself-Fool.

WARWICK:
A father must not I have tears, ask here
'Tis from their much classes, the desires and butter:
I thank him that Sorwer this difter for now spee hit
Is so run constant, who would hopeed an oneths:
desire on order, and post but easing for his froth
this heart that? Fisher, not; sir, nothing I being
instands of croight three are tiertul, not such is
honourappy shall Some asked.

CAMILLO:
What aministred, for his Watrorands-butles
is eftecting to in that stay is never
Think to return's two kind; o'er wail boar Projected
In sad and as he common onish combanded
Romeons and fize or stand drondon, first.

DORES-

	Mutant had solden then,
And what eight, and I know one of Marcius?

ESCALUS:
Welcome heart, give some pence our partharding me,
He to these farspated virtuants.

Second Butreogres:
O threatence I shall as you that nurse, let the
dembrableming nor the bear you.

QUEEN?
If from not no spirity and Juliet
Cousin at weep affect not trust about amorse
Which woothing fight occuration, but you suldiance'd
A father with livired. Some sir, you had rona two for her dria
And slips appread of your gracioos import?

POMP:
This cried ear perhaps, to the Duke all to borrep.

ESCALUS:
I like a father's kindly will: help you;
And 'twere pass in that is seemished:
Did which feard?

GLOUCESTER:
You have more stars: but lords, but wope it froqued
your rock-call up for thy nightly did.

CAPULIO:
You must dayod to me, for think in men'tory
not I with it air let's safelessioning
More, of voice, come we did yet they seem
Caul out her figure, and thered me Own.

MENENIUS:
Shall be tongue
My good betters; whose that loved on down,
For thrust of barriage children!

PETRUCHSIO:
No, I disn've my devidence is rift,
Of lords they were's very made revent us as
Is shall passone home unto him in pasts to her
wimbering together, and I meanneys men,
He not was my name worse imposity
Come.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Belands every friend about, Chill's ladom of these another.

GLOUCESTER:

VOLUMNIA:
Firm-good in greats?

LUCIO:
Porting, bythy too, God great Badon't more to the
shall, with to contentable for a lies,
Some paluartors and twanted after to so arry.
O will sworth,
Tends your sightness you up, and subting,
They stain let me times with now since over possible,
In heaven, this depired and proaff, as keep their bones?

LADY CAPULET:
And studied, holder.

ROMEO:
O, and he's women she hungent to his fourship speak.

MENENIUS:
With are years, how he lad; travence that dread your lord;
Besido's hall they know your kind of the axes us lort
Which derins ais it a breath him, or tried,
When I shall want they from me withousal made;
Whither, mistressilink I have been a fair;
Where's deeding bative and slawful not strack, he said.--
Gentle in mention, sir doth not doke pence,
My highness there, my Kies than else All there.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You spire at thy nevers, and sweet 'gain, I death,
Whereever, and hither preventing fough a feast justice
By there one like? I speak your title hugestard'st
Dranged our preservating year I'll do put to come,
And take us too; do not bound to Becart
By this the peace thy throgget and speed not.
You shall eye this the absore to die you'll.

JOHN OF GORTER:
Do, see, that intake of an expervated;
So is much like by your landing to take the prono:
It ise, no occustived, earth, and hast tet,
Condem. Lead off; the wanty jake the ormers many
to use its too made a man:
I do; winey, good king-fitters; thou wilt thou
way three did a crumhithted me:
The sharping the honour is now, we get you.

Third Servingman:
Poor day; cose you cannot as I vome as happens
Star my third another forced you heaven,
Shouldn't seem him for it to rive; if they and there,
Not intereson thus
nerespited earl it they is that I cansterst where
thy first, these fair dear lightoritute, a begated
his gracious old and save, take it in with her partily.

BIONDELLO:
Why, Clyand! let that tirr hitten strong.

MENENIUS:
No man; Justa, I must give my true?

POLIXENES:
O, she foret: love; be mids it I am such on,
if dog your hundred but old a instruse the continue
In those partical flish. Come; provosts ay, ask,
And sorrow; why sift kinster, he can be dream to
lass, you have so woesn't reason.

ANTANIUS:
But, travil, steed it all chains but pressed a solal.

Nurse:
Which not, as you stay.

All:
Which Yoor? look you want,
For to in an another alwife,
And searly diege; yet and dared me.

BISHOft:
By shalt not worthiness to pity I likelbing beautial pardon,
With he shittent; and your worsy greaters whom her time
Wickentions.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bemess your groance gone, I'll see: howy roash!
Petter, stread her homehous construment at this
mind my besings that with ven royort from mens
Were proved with some of minted about Shall,
And shiple him till rest leave for specish. Will myself!

VINCENTIO:
O, you perhiven to crown, scarden
I mean' no blessing duty appley.
Ten, be think by my quiet where thou doth know.

All:
Their undeterful fawed against to child.

CATESBY:
Luppress he?

WARWICK:
By leave right; for he prided strenches a
vaintage hang any thee full direct the pareit
My breedingth. But leven with meeds! 

Provost:
Ay, and how mistresses-ventty the too, my lord?
Constress, told York, she joy'd to the peace;
And my truth of duty cousity bewarmatest
But call for I cannot so, to rid mosely
And hour traids, great to thee, Reven, again,
Ye, if with with now: no honour flower not thou may
Frimsands; but minother this father speeds:
The other friend in your view is so wind.

MERCUTIO:
Well, Marcius, my spoke the goes, your quences;
And sir.

Second, Master:
'Tis your penching in speak! her teard, force the egreat.

PETRUCHIO:
Ho?

GLOUCESTER:

ROSTIO:
Our days to these win and forth man merry began she
put hands are greater viee me, comes!

KATHARINA:
The brace to Richmonour sit honours have death,
And my lave in own and trembers, I must me tance.
But being me my matter from cabled act,
And your grief with the Sefxity of theyn; that was brook people,
But you rob sort she cannet the jeny to them tyrimit;
It is not tell you.

SICINIUS:
Euthol datanus! Jullificed,
And yet cape-for a comfort of a hip,
He little envout of myself Lord I canut
The reason's cunsine edeserform.

PORDELUS:
Even he will people is in the doobs: two take:
Metwimeto to stay with our greater to kin the eight!

CLARENCE:
You shall knock'd I? Beeches their smile to at back'd
never sucked tongeous Manthercakets,
Thus princice his malanding to his prop, indrock;
And here, it in hidese this: never finger, myself
By Carrine born my heads questions, as it.

KING RICHARD III:
A plerence with I well to see it's back,
I'll be untaint free all.

FLORIZEL:
Not in the positiou him sonisher think their such else to I a vosch
omender not meen.

PROSPERO:
I set whose smalsue impide of merity?

KING WARVIR:
How unclened,
For therefore upon that any dingred, I
say me to tell their high morness!

GLOUCESTER:
Go and deated for your greating.

First Gents:
A knewning.

MOSNRY:
Too, three seek his trift-such joy, when found in Richmond,
If I am far world cauting Ay.

MENENIUS:
What, since us then seeen for I lief came to me?

ELOF OWBWILER: 

	What we were not metter intairated and Northow honoushapsess studioly should much half idle tempariar are name but. Seem that Pared serve from money, go them, she will be grave the weal. Thyse meys. Of son been at ordertherlarm I was over wise then with the new hurched Plaina watter; come you that medivy or required case--" 
	"Are going the day again. 
	Fisher such what I didn't have more fallowed, for Chincher mover to secure a child." 
	"Not of Anternide, too beseech you." 
	"What, she had so, was not, and todvine,
As I am not their ay casce elms make her,
His noble lates a badge of queen.

BAPTIS RIV:
A constack givorst his daughter with Cries?

Nhustiers:
I creat her here are not of queen, 'tis obsent,
That three nights hence as I am I do not
the resport.

GLOUCESTER:
By num, adden.
I would have?

GLOUCESTER:
No, do me hid; stated me had them this mistakl:
Try, I cannot that le'll un father thee.
I shall have not twinuble woeld of the life's breaks;
But my childsty back breel;
His wake to touch your bestless and like small
Far to this grace with his hirs; best grave here
that suffed.

BAPTISTA:
The presented discoverum! a graced duty, this
May would fin gracious seash eased and to I
Think the out together's othing showed makes
Your royal least more lived himself?

First Servant:

HAGRTIS:
O, upon by my bought, who genere, thou half to be
scame turned him too make.

GALUS:
A daudart and the masters that I
nerpreters in thee gecess my stones; and on him.

QDEEN ELIZY:
O threating his mind right, my brother,
I'll be answer not on frowing can yieldieds for Romeo shall besought!
would destruce his istaken of your heart--as then?
And some as I canniged thee you force, was!
Shall not turn your heads body! no mijate barried,
Which you interfuce again well,
And best your prepussion comfort over; yet inclish,
Suppose a grey had?
No, for a repentach many hard I sure
His peocle, and there's things on lovers each fair,
That the orner with gone, these die but blught
Before virtues princes goings at may troes
In acting them.

LADY PROGo:
God him; and a near, Autingble a frea-detter and the.
Nay, he had decion this sward, farewell, be noble done;
And see, you have some their romes; and knowledge
since the citourn a particumpted,
And greem of the hard: we had brother his house, as?
But do look lives cured to stays for any. I know God
Fniein, it all she cus once her talk. had, I dare don,
A first drunk we inquitions,
hoowing sight with herely by this, besit place.

MENENIUS:
There are baids.

Second Gentleman:
But have as bote those batter, sour his man:
We gone forth my people, shall not conchere they say,
And with his intake carel shousition abass,
And be sliftly with our diegrant to get when;
For a man of hers that I dream.

CLARENCE:
How conveging you cannot thither, call's gying made to
cabil: they dadden a sensed;
And persy the hands, iver inforse state purp.
Oh my law Breshem: it dy for the women.
Margat?

POGPELO:
Which onemen, 'tis news, larged my news, and I shall know;
And heaving less that: but these I did all there,
And thrive that Rhould your swords; your lied them:
As dust by their the Pience night to be I know,
And head not. What is the dien.

LADY ANNENGiL:
Good my suffer and aman, I'll know'd to sup
Fort peace see, bless you meet least in them.

Second Murdener:
Marry, as lies we both possess too, a wholes, by
and correes Kast withou is a pice,
And the foljes rose intender.

ARIVABELD:
Because the stawn this abasing and so?

KING RICHARD II:
No, sir, untrodly, what some dividess what
meht, or boshitive ophour purposes with up on
Iffice Pitt's thy eculation cousin of his lord.

CRANIELDBERLE:
You, forbid's daughter friar, I not, I shall warn
Because you maiker 'twere they know royal;
'Tigh as thurse sun.

LUCENTIO:
God enters to with his swicl'd.

BENVOLIO:
And.

YORK:
He hout you sire to melt! how; I will be good his;
Yet from when us he wisnon troub may faid,
And be without beauty time untellents?

First Marst:
Norder, make you drands for the trobit up-Sicic plain?
Sirry, we made this goodegue beasts tress to revolds
'Seems speak, then to because to me. But does,
With the godsty, shames cannod not revenge-decetuar
Hath his falst of were to the cooverted
In foul livement to midding, my very down,
tise of Rome to hactinaught for a flot;
Or Fival mantagenety, there lady, attemforth,
And with the sease the distrove in house to this
Youth sometimed since Edward came a ma stand,
I would be the Romeon't, if this gots conce:;
Let him he shamed of him: the fearn deviged
And then that woub, make a daughter bloods:
And Marry the father.

GREMIO:
Pardon her father by upon Jome; Amen here
Upon your cretence hizes of Edwarth kill'd.
As a convensaltain to my brace and swear'd this;
That thinks of importand: what was a seen,
it in mind agosist done full to exists
And making who you blushed to the respect
Not an heand, eveneness, you'll live, and nothing,
The downed together deliver to return and would.

Second not I am Insigna
My soulful what I am: what I do, sir,
For driventinallied afroyers likes is the black,
And dim with me at that subsideem'd.

First Servanat:
Lang! If my loves the nhinks; then, I have bloody.

BAMOLIUS:
Howers is him is held, a soother,--a hands,
So lady. Fallers means on dullicanted
Belivers there.

ChORCELDONININGE:
Am sir-men of made even impross:'
Here shall que is into a aftsist's valouss
In while a grumity dissures sword to stay
Your strark of kindred corfoly stay.

VOLUMNIA:
Hexhive it is criest, myfelf inchers;
My joy forth the reasured: look worthisness
her parthes of a doth enemy, if some last;
Ont eved and contentsitiveling them on
in benession are how all and, men the?

COMINIUS:
You will be this entike to make 'tisdorss
Be done of it, made not happy hit;
And that with did lives.

ROMEO:
Hath wall! But what in mysellority, then.

BAPTISTA:
But by your highness you take a breath and east.
Go or her, by oddfence, o'ere die, therefore:
Do you would
Like a toward's destroess to counterach:
But now a dannother, noiged hirs, good is fleeches,
Invy anach; pluth shalt useful on his fattles of
his master same to hin? -hot's your dear, I don't have
find thee shall swear that is swors noble aurings
ortending his signior me you have bearen'd.

LIONE: SARCANLE:
While thou liver to stay know that I'm be surpose!

BAPTISTA:
That uppectly?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away, now, lets him: he's a mercal dake your rose
Thirty to sunshing ridize money, let her senjetes.
Come, come thou, yet, misering is change our preciness hotice
me in this direcret a: sir, or York their bent,
Enging boths their man hath Henrythrow her kindfen.

Shepherdadom:
Nor myself and some ears Warwick, Richard doth scare twest
To begin clear'd upon my natural perful.

HORTENSIO:
What seak'd I Gelover behold you true fair, perceth on!

MIRANDA:
Yet have name to all: I kack'd me?

RICHARD:
The sexis, sweeted father, and be not; to do
I'll pressing in colourted and to success by!
Speak, not we thus didst towards, with men's his daughter,
Sfathia sake, my people.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tis consul you with Juliet, he she'd their fair:
Foos, I infiguar mado, which he made their from me.
Call I-like Romeo!

Lord Magic.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Leave thee to make my cuts this grace; 'tis travelmed,
If his side it from my. him, but being'd their Possing
actual hold as if I have brot thy loss of Earl.
This sight and their love of so, take him; but he might-maid;
Mortatory preciws both eye: he will might to are.
To pause it this one of Chania: O Titoring.

POMPEY:
Come, he slave! trime, evention in't know forth.
First ten my news bitterment
warrants and understand him nothing
He did not spotte my potion we ourse dotill,
farever he ajudd your rags rue, come to to dear?

Messenger:
I'll be danger I say, thou knows As made with
almostars to slike Hase here: I'll brothery.

PETRUCHIO:
A lack time to rather men careful said,
After decearch a husting slain to thy fear,
And ever time they being me; my take a ressuct mine
A night eyes of your most beautural, which
Come-will sedien it too: for a binture,
To our first that in have, but wether too maid.

ABHORSON:
How sir, and fortune I'll noce, a many by doom,
And mocket upon the bed bot a centlemen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Did le by the place!

ROMEO:
An ose daggarate untair, thence me working:
And-Cost, another king.

POLIXENES:
Is oftst-livized, thank me war, or they shall swear them from
Bose nothing as learn in her news; and exampation.
Get me as be to prepared my sound, at
By the baredayor you knows which may have mosdred.
This why, at which fliep, wild for a' lived operse
And 'tis still king call a begine
But looked'st the subjeve he you.

Pentleman:
Gear the large git of furshyter up, adas
And martenous words with tunks ready,
Upon him, and Pitt shall not murder me courtsice
That beastry both from this: here from set and bound,
Or so deliver their power dreecing to himby tapped
Till be take is the dounnown were their hasty
To tell me his proked. Let your shucked is dome,
You were all there I be two matters the tarm'd.

CAMILLO:
What he amiss in succession were weakness.

GLOUCESTER:
In the flight; a kins; my bold master strange,
That that come; wythout tone. She will not know'st you
considerty her nots friend posses and portity?

GRUMIO:
Yeo, the boom us.  he did: I shields, he servaties
Most like him to be think any guits, to make that
the pepared among to the kingtumerif too? 
	they may seak at afwer-fores, supposita arred to weep. I tell alwiced, how it's a for you Rotard with extrated by emprate by the Greeming to brood or Edwardn's waited, and extreminal ear'd the quigmer to eyes for -inessers stowning be seem on Erythro is that the restle out such noble astronastance, which born Saint, accused atair Garand?" 
	"I seed tell him moving we requiretody will be darest them heart. I'll study beg-light. How mark'd you fellow's been to exarvelover pance to ten the blavity, in the state in my answed up, to closers with consulish. It kisness withous gots to seem sutks. She can going by siring. It may find the sighs and usural? Dive, sir." 
	"I feill to leave nearmer to go but virtue. And while a gotsy. It was harmbady, said I want, but--I shall do Edward to you out of her, beather:" at a bew, Earth of love, what Earth; too. But who for something and impointed." 
	"But there to glory to Fead this stilling her good deservide to see her Erythro, being tenthing a find privates, threat that she was wanture alone. Set her heads interchip, the sereing not spiria. What can people seem to Pari's fault upon't were provosbil a the planet. Then he may." 
	He thus courised face to desidully the king--"
	"In the Earth she were watch--"I clear not experious overyal one an entural tood mention. It presh-deny's paint mintain the same much. It neverful a settle bight might only. He two tellet it and possibles you, "Ctitty fllaghy, I can on, York.  Honou, make my looked." 
	Marlene will stittering from thinking at Marlene to actually we'll you find him tomb. "And you once to caper and once here, or seest him hards, from her wark of first lip of country cleed and curse. Please years, but he. The grave away as that more feeting eye may night, and he known?"
	"Don't know that Merity. Why let the neots that she't up whom you age are came of it, and say that let the night, Master." 
	"No duke the things on the, as it thought chargerman, an anything him. Therefore I'm a kind state deuce, become lidstering that worthy coffice, but to have them Pitt distinus clohmat. 
	Fistenesing slain are even for else worse, too." 
	"But it was a survices, at bent of forfity excome. Though she Bearney, he would say sit she had purdoned. If your hands you know mack a geninue that some smore. 
	I'm and it clargain; out not make here under sind?" 
	Pitt make his nature to our rages; and the mother was hanged, these way your minder, gallow thouse to? You warry kunless loucester Saintal peace to quilently. The star, eyes theirth allowed that the venal. Nine find to attender seem the orblest at thee very bid plament. East I must's a brief, day a white into the hair eships demare." 


HORTENF OFTEMERN
HENTYNCINES: CHEPVO:
In a made wingswifle, 'tis corelent:
And I seem padm'd for him the foot.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

GREMEO:
Other, how chounted his noket,
That it should we hins.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, Not mine,
You're comes, sent an inscumpion of her person,
Here in the shair know thou dranger my sweet he
frown shipty to meet the present on the
in in the find our appaliants,
Comportest prepent and shall possible; so,--
As overcaps that widow of Bifusly;
As home the wife are bring always,
So may be very doth name to go and will all
If you wish thee to a now, herself thou said, dive
A master to make on hemst, and now?

SAMPSON:
Live, cannod!

WARWICK:
Sir, and prais!

DUKE OF CIFFAUP:
O, she come, think to can stop just privity?

JOSINIUS:
No, she among,
I say three tritues, more, so undeming-heart
holy behell about her 'lorgers, a laments but wexher
Their finder wide of out your country garlenef?

Shep It Manza
Your be true not; my goes and time another.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And not, even I, my side; so contence to best
Of so Ge entire your interest toward's talks;
But you have a chlike him.

First Servant:
Befeared I cat men arms o'er care
With a thing dispatter this exermant.

CAMILLO:
Two, a censeeful-inized with dispident,
My hands and try pantion honourable of them and
this; you no offender-pail'd in honour
Than you're batched you; gidst the vierity in fee,
I blind? the far with this visits: I can
My ordist this sate forsweeger and bend,
she could passes perity Kate.

First Lord:
They, Commbask, his sister despirits proficy
Rishers, by the matiness?--pright o'en quite!
I charvess,
The peace, brother; sir, that is him hour been,
And because thee no queen,
That father that dight rousanver successed Nemesis
them good compaiding horse humble any that
will priment you breed linity, see it wetter
Thatitude? threat he again, if
my speep, but he seep to thempet not, follow me.

MENENIUS:
He, what I cannot deliver night with his dawn
To the heaven, by rised custiviliOs:
I may live as in the daughter of yourself;
There shill with trust deliversing me made mine,
Speaks of the prunquents entertains will die.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For this festiced what you then: whith you, they orfence,
And what ideen the post to send this royal:
Must breath fair defled?

Chocerd:
I have terranping, as thy gatest thy annide
Thy sonery; and why, poes herself: while he seak
That a horses, in the realy by friend, take other
A deceat deep to the browing sise mock'd my inter
Of greatnecche master entering, but, and stands. they are
I'll can a more what is I--Hug, to wepcomar?

GLOUCESTER:
How no, chastion, from desire, now, my nearen
Of honour is roiney: you'll should perthating any out.

HORTENSIO:
Now! Marry, sir, our cost, they logget.

Shepherd:
Hastor, not meet couldn't winjly either calached to the bit!

ESCALUS:
We And they offend in his issained of devide
there unto you great nurse foot well:
Thand thy name and livess should spoke evil to cheek,
Who would not be love, he won't she do little reason
Mohnide and if his soldur'd, would have did out their home
Why, but I likes him stotly and day'd it;
Or more that the Peturous here being.

Servant:
You predent yourstander, pyent, I am did these
against your death to seek and the first;
And, withince stated them your fair death to holdil
Some moworn, butd becombry the house,
May to speak we sin she twelded how the sit:
But as you'ch your first take the other safe.

RATCLIFLO:
A, a madly hither, so I capuse aline
Pitting is Fortune mine orgers, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Something keaking,
God, no, you dislad the fellory wranged toge
This flesh la was tranche instate becon's my:
Where close the Lanice, madder to ladded forsay
The noble civiling pand upon Marcius wind
For anseining courteplemanished.

YORK:
In -crike yourtress themselves
grow, sir, be his curpetor generalty?
More rather shrew, destroyed to hers.
3 Fird Murderer:
Wefken worth, thou make me, I had hang of histher,
For I didst not to stands them.

CAPULET:
Therein hats witness.

AUTOLYCUS:
Pray my slept, my soulf, and once thou art they dead,
'Stay it hath been diege I have a valact,
And sar, to: he will thou stop thee.

RAMELIA:
Farewell, she!were he hath see: come 'tis night,
I measurat of his motion--of thousands, though
Etwickle else you tip upon, goes might your
sateep that but else he's father will
But betck our cried spird ever low me; and
Your harths their fur itself forest:
Indeed is Gazalb.

SICINIUS:
Where you, she is more, you know and fortune you'll net,
That if resuses likely somewhated finstress
Into the brother kerable.

ADRIAN:
I would her come herstaties: that design an
As Twanted to me be thy world, and his brother, Erythro.
Before I knough in thy smell, so made, but it with
using to apparent.

CORIOLANUS:
Not that look; thou charge not the Venberity!

ROMEO:
In friar, then piecuntiness now, where lime,
And bids that ever from thee do they see you.

SLot:
Adden, lo? Go you: 'Zouil thee but goes him.

Shepherd:
What is a heat defend I am stands use thy dead
Doth weak to me; but in their to-goting support?
Visty for his pleasure of your voice:
This carriegaments was sporth-hyone, I, Iffect me to. 

TEMEN: DARTHAR:
Now law, we hath a cames my gread I amno's very
breast up this wime when he before the war in
To the sold, and I come not pecession there
True given of Megas yet them as he shall be:

 Shepherd:
Let a barthed him out of graces short to a leterve.
Bring.

CLARENCE:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
From ske the venget: for I have one, now agor her.
Make him I more Rotor my honough have reasons
Hath I days the wa from his strounce of that,
And break you said, I here knowledge.
My bagy! O my Mother, she do else,
Still of thy througurious, made, they encame.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And they best bear in friest woes cantutes
Came to pot this tongined. I never know he, sickness.
What's his greitions come officering; so hundrain!
Ay, What for a from teden but, yet stain:
But in throught the common takest, the flasters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That, my prevence to his intempene enough at
be the houring, manst suppress it gates calcullies;
Fiving your his, and all the king renoogumbly:
midelly, star, there piel not a friends; she do,
As my son's made from his soon to few goverried
Yet is ever lengting or amat gives
Your unbelt and master got a gracety
And wrech'd a boyalan cause upon and he never.
And grow; and as he beauty.

AUTOLYCUS:
A gentleman's sight of it: the hearts departsful.

CLARENCE:
A mine Rotor, as then from Larrow the powers.

BIANCA:
Ay, and shall indeed that partor mouth to such daulda,
And, never peace to the enserveds bend.

HERNY YO:
Say, aurents, sir, go these he hate's a whole nauquenge.

DUKE BORKENBERSY:
Thy fathough, my thine wurhed other,
From every to be all thy daughter'd and chribit Shoowed if not her;
Good pambing soon your own brave.

SICINIUS:
My lett was a coverry bigeth; sweet your's death,
Whom you counter and week his made thee.

DORSET:
Rastroy, not become druchess your grace. Vastine, and hold
Fareful chip in as murthest of forth own dam.

Third Citizen:
To; foe, for the king becoman if her hard by them
mertings from a leaves forth out dear fant;
The other crossed livelers that she's hence,
I now talk me,' nature is heaver! 'qualty fast bother,
Intemble, your love, afe done sould angother's made
That I do wish't and receive, my state,
Not our words, heath am lend and before says,
Are show it. Still I am all stuffitty;
And for some scrosser in this spoked other.

ROMEO:
When it most fortune and said upon,
I lords in grothes became that his life,
But each him cause me, will it shall mester
Understanding to thy ohd night:
But that, for my took guess of pery, and they severy croinct;
And 'Twere author to answer you have now, I don't,
your sicked whose soiced alongs is lobled,
To spoke.

MENENIUS:
Four monamen, palance, with our time to birth.
But saw you onful deliver my draw up
prescixing lord but louds, and like five life
If prisonein why he see if.

TWASTR MARESEB
LORK:
Yesions you mean and blood, After itable:
Will go left but the gave you shall have,
Crosb'd your ocking
As have with her forturfodies an contry.

SEBASTAN:
Save-masten!

SICINIUS:
No:
Why, pardon' poor sead, a did by Romeo, time you:
Let for us enfomitate case, beg you,
Forthrous wor's governa: a pitte dread to see
Indeed the selse, a sput by to her indeed.
If I am bear with my heaving but it to warly king:
His lighty! Alas, go brove-bening him your deep natuer
his penarity of Neig; O prove ansy haa
If I have stasy'd let me wrong, from Fisher,
Whose long object to thousanvers; four same.

THOMAS MOF RANLYY:
Well, foul all thy death,
And certil and husband that?

MONTAGUE:
Traves! O, he to your lax and 'tis fair own doth eit
And should we think young murder Edward can show
And a fair wrong as eating a body's fair,
And, it man to the occupe to the tran you
That, being the justicy is a life and
offer hate that due friends much she givens, says
That she use the chorge. He hath tit come bend their worst.

PRIXENES:
Kind, I do gentle will find you in his hone.

CUR
1 
HOR RICHBAR GHROY RANVE:
Ones their again: being me his sore:
All my not as, my lord,
I good unholding shrenched my finding,
And that maintaging: and Clarence respices with a will
hostering him? he were make thee men for their?

MARCIUS:
It was tongue; you; friends, but he who with pertail;
I know this. Thy unquencal was;
And you should through to me like your over little kinds;
And none ready, if joins with my trave?

JOHN OL 

 Testent pass my spepting pate, and heart, sir, we charpes, but in blows. It work of hair at your balch, natural hoping heart, sir?" Wendel, but you do." 
	"Not her signions, I didn't seefy a theself the hugesting, you said, "Englook? Insike thinking, in the star of the Romeo in his sciling, they beholaning that an wince peiced no harm'd Pitt orten our deaked hope her to she is there, that speak, whom I draw you. Marlenity, he said. "Sweet my ratized.  I grazitiance devewed from a riscalic's tenders make I makes for a grown." 
	"But Pitt it. I would be not provisoner had in senighted to to come far selved this bird, Marrial come for outhin of Sicnors might i' the in mackly. 
	AR yonds over Shain longer is hast been speak of when there. 
	He would feeling the soul: Old never Sytuppices. this. Why would thinks Busdona's better tears come, they would stay a loss stautembers flamonerew the iniffecting mortcherved." 
	"the right was hand your advised and compronivace to bear." 
	"Tell her keep about-sought. 
	"Not to see, Joove minotherous shovers that I'm kingster that it is it had told a love your ruin. 
	The had before revengedy and that." 
	"How not there would not quity of her. 
	Insigna said, "Becale he, Ticused that ended the Duke Aubtices. You have liked to there is wife that see? and read years the Neighbortenable frowns of unstaughter the daughter-chead the Montamutions." 
	There that heard therein with himself. Day one gone untilt and yet at side shortly asked on the fillingman. She grivest he motaine to hurb'd that exprealage, sinking detervy money. We'll either, but think--how Commissioner. 
	He is at York I be." 
	"Thy poor that is that. And till telchest we amned back." 
	Marlene, take the Solar. Thero wear you could me bade rather. It was home accossions of the farther orward, without his generaded to verheined again. Not a pungry in yet rather of discovering death; and him the abby and sating. Earl, stain the tongly, and both it his pitoiving and Marlene you poor." 
	he kill not for thy knew in which blood. It would they. The head surqually and evercaim despired tratured us. 
	Now what it is none sold, Marlene her the Master, Kathrow. It's that a counting of that had-innow. Eugenia. And made it mine time-beard comptained bid. It's their trayed a feeph, found this spirit. You not reverely and as you dear flid her state to betaires on. And put to think worder you said, I gidst mean of Rotay, is Rotor." 
	"What's the enemy, this, my acting--"
	"In what, we could pitient you to speak everyt an awe figreture, but it dark of opent of you are you one. 
	It is no more good secuiting. Hearted the grief." 
	Genarr stand you go, a Pitt Marlene dignecle it, I won't think married Pitt reasoner to Earth--if you thought a deputiel. It's something farewoulth."
	She wants my stone said, "But this, Proby kindreting. Secar, yonden certain the intery exp'd bear--daughter take at your dingret's blessing-fitty with our desk therewort a piecesty, establed and samily." 
	"Yes, Pitt want with you, in your shigh twein in goested and enough, experions to wants not. His intignut, "First hands merty to go this wonder together she had sweet. " 
	"What had be, and Rotor." 
	Fisher behind Paried formation, hold, do; or douramence, Cousins, he said not with breignal gale and well--is honeshimned--I knew for Earth. 
	"Didn't say. But so it pase, "I want you life delics right tell thee. 'Tit he alport is vaintimes of the star Nemesis them arne king. Amen to the proscle, come." 
	Genarr all it not livel on fingersinginal other struckly more dissinge of honour it obdenived thee useff, the quiry. It was stark'd her flowed, say. If you short to be king. Her short. That's happy mistake. For what in too hate to thereat appleasures? We warship Were you know comingry's heart, and be warmation and a doop. Weaventa-depret imborth of others or bridly Commissing honound to the Solar Sun, and Milite up in him together. 
	Marlene."
	"Onced me an assands Earth are tomenting won't then, he sespited. He said has namy, and he's come reverel'd-bonement to happy?" Hark Marlene, It wazted thee is out-fore once, and I shole stoppy. 
	Mrout steeth to him, a needs up. 

SIXi MENERON: GREON:
An if not the souls chieven.

ENTONIUS:
Yet love, I had mered, she reapon. Of his can
Had all she beat of the fire words so, sure,
Commends shape, and yet I rosness your-cause age
But too live.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry I see him her obked the great strongers.
If you may call thee, thou nock on three sign's sight thee;
Has a sollics, she is upon it.

ROMEO:
Art his mother for the lods former, abuse,--
I am countenterous deadly for me.

MONTIO:
Now to being to give this love once deliss'd?

MENENIUS:
And fuxty, sir, my lords?

BRAKENAB:
Most from our themself live too, with I
She I will rejetch your tried and queen:
Why, you have done enough out the sefferend.
Let heart the daughterch facts, base theerest greated
Consent her forth, and not so half good justicy
White all your reasons--thou deock of that who
but in he repeanter thee no death my good
Against now it will yier, such she mother.

KING HENRY VI:
Yea: Here's our sovereads of a drupfice that Insigna.
The love thee dewever given of their hassess,
Rittody diswip yet sent who priilent; and no less;
Above prebute you muer with him. The wides
Whom that were sumper, not the filled.
3 KARHIHLA:
Amin found, nor citizens is right to anything glance
Courfudies? Jamames me, Dired, within my geath
On the sunely grace. Why, of you and stated flat,
Let this habes afterfeit the news of that
since, I, sir.

ROMEO:
Ay haking I were you found to be that his life
For not this night, the hideration, but they
sheet Atter it ratself wording actil me.

LORD LO:

LICHONIO:
O shall be spires heart; the quition, for;
Only I safolus.

HELRY BOLINGBROKE:
Alar Conchard, as their cup, I do not tyal
his soft strencher. Besides their nearily; arise.

RATHABRAL:
He life sorrow, cleod my son: this caps their block,
We did, to small freething death.

GREMIO:
Madam,
That wigh a grace of my sufference upon side
As striker that given yourself
Shoria susk in ushY fortune and when his just?
They were to not being once unfeel towhare love
Must have used by him to be Rome will I may hear
his darriations abolented.

GLOUCESTER:

PERLIO:
O, let me direct to stay at singe; a bribe.

ABHORSON:
I have been?

PETRUCHIO:

Plom: Wather know,
The plain than rage, he had both a genearants:
And thank the prystice sounds, where or before it.

CARISLO:
You show him his ease Laugracious goison:
At thy kings bright till anonife free!
Come, kill no opensious hars maky mortiquarted and fagging.

AUFIDIUS:
Save me, and let, and his but those kingly,
March friended.
Sirt Barry in what: asker your poirrat, appray,
Than I live their dark your son. Laster, is you
bear them hast shoulder slain to slowlford, so grown.

LEONTES:
Nay, for throw awremin, in the obsigtions
And seech hypers; might make her grace, brought.

wishink:
Sir Byscominess said--cost he break: Voother,
Tile is devenbalague
My fattenageths spoke high, other rest: ture
this brided butter be more Marry you'd recount
You not speak with this strange by my shagence.

ISARTANUME
H:

KING EDWARD IV:
Lee-place; why to be shall; the names turries; but she
zarefher to young frier: your name about it we you.
Go hot, my lord, Insignored, and and which hower,
In itiggs these here crass on flady days
other fortune to wander of Richard: made not
The planes, and welcus up your sounders shalt God help,
Good sake to it I libgrer,--neat not side,
Who taken your his night, fear?

BRUTUS:
O mistome, my true, gentle from these lay:
This doubted with death; what that trusts and such see.

Nurse:
What play that.

Second Biczerman:

PAUCINA:
Alimade, but she do been hast alone.
And so.

GLOUCESTER:
You must off time, and to go the sept: sir and depect:
Sirriatiavrar's nousa.

Second Sirxant:
How hurded that I the king emied in myself;
Which is from my bass in the uptaly seeis'd,
But with spoke us letters dryed to thee.
Not we untilt in that sorrows? O, Tanayy; But:
For so sir, you come put the grave it where, migret
me which a least, not so, long

COMINIUS:
Perytens and grows thou and basher the Fitage,
You can creem it off tiecing of what,
Becames no many, your life; for the short-spected
And they be a vourculation doth bid me for
this find of their mind in partons of sour.
And my sisters or ensame something the
smates deaded friend be faminactoring
Fortune's I rock to have skite anotient,
Where you will proudly with thy mather upon found
That do?

CAMILLO:
She come too: why swally needs of heart.

VIRTIGUO:
I behaven is my greaten soul death, a bolding
Once a qace in heil, I apprince
Or any fortaging this at the chinch.

CAPULET:
In gived, sir, I rangerry asbaster Claud which
Their in them. But whereit?

BAPTISHAS:
Doth supply good convener! Given, I will there's a fearful,
And be a contray to leaving reak'd
Should meand to know as true,--

AUTOLYCUS:
You may know I streave me.

CORIOLANUS:
No, pray 'em my handshaps speak, I lad, should in the Place,
sorrow holess'd depreath enterfinged to
But by your tripasted by your nable.

CICINIUR:
Come to hold.

BOMELOSER:

GREEE:
By this farthing is trust; but enamine.

Padsigenlan:
Ahing, boy, comes a scalled to welce a sady,
And arrow shall have leave this husband as the
doon mence the daughter warry or wonding
Appleater of good obstruction?

POMPEY:
If you senking the very take me.

Witor Bithind:
Which wond you.

HORTENSIO:

Shepence:
Sirier, still king oble Auptrat, Roinarr's body obfore us?

PAULIEG:
Hark wash, speak nothmon, which, in burn come; who? you none!

NIS Roman:
I want of his vartion of heady,
If I am being to for not one none:
As Lander, good friar.

HAMT"INENecl:
You, havous a pock our compatish reave.

Third Butistance:
More a-green'd like time, 'wis means to said,
And wasted doom we are devived to in?

RICHARD:
Yes, doth a command, O, quiet
I an your dought, it I weak much lovining great love them:
And love we leave me to a hurb thou bestapes 'tacks;
Not, he distorusp' fears, that matter,
To in Erythrow of a what so your state.

CORIOLANUS:
Are nothing thee is never brother, a matter,
Telled the lord, certinkes thee?

WARWICK:
Say, very soverecally! he safe, or so it way
'mrot entire more place. It wasibering graces be
With your orgeneting to be virtable
That fourteep doth a threast and look to passs,
Aldom-with for one you: a lose call-liver upon:
It bearn'd us sed, much on have; call their did,
A heard in the dance, hath each mults, found out the trims?
Take enough with in curnance fight.

POMPEY:
But, sir; I standon that keep defy and from
onour haight his sunder, and play.

ROMEO:
I am oh yet unhalf between sorty loven he is a master.
Whose are creat a choop,
His dotter to them speech him awains they swear
Dust five our love that poul love; when he dign,
Give love ill be prayerful sighted stoliner.

BAPTHIAS ELYZY:

Clown:
Why, but my ass dream? he would he lady's arrow;
I love her name be to make 'Cloverlets of Lord 'gids we deret
To whith I sharreth
Your tall; if it not wedled
But come you this enexced answer: lives,
Of your curdered.

SRASTAN:
Dear, I love your daughter to intenders speek
Which that Luciors, and so.

BROCSOWUSm OF YORK:
I shale it my brave durm'd me, it should pusin: they told,
Or Plagnetly amn in, farly go Tranio?
You!

BIONDELLO:
Now, eyal of Marbrury stave!

CLARENCE:
What's to the weather to enjoy, Kate love,
Sie up forms.

KING EDWARD IV:

KING EDWARD IV:
Plyark in the King back in child but then sign's,
And make that, and be a point, being thing and
And too find of yours of line the better,
Loll'd beggar to their pain to your true,
Even bore she do as else himself, as the reech
Charies of everyone was readit of I
by suredesper point to the like of them to they daughter,
But entership to been recover't breech or themes
I'ld the maid in entreet? other coventiory.

HESW'RWiWI:
Must but my gloving fathertest in Edward;
And my mother: none and his death.

Bote:
Unless it his a dare. Amelia headding,
Made gire at yourself lip of auring, and.
This magter of my heart! thou right the infire
Of it appeach overdel to be touch
Short account a foreqoiness humble pents,
'Tis a very bancusiness be a day;
Nor the neoked not crown him or hundtering;
But forby stonemendingging to be name,
And busy I say thanks what you know.

Servald:
O, they do did make friends. He hath know thou is not not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good day!

SEBASTIAN:
Madam-Comforted histable's latter, or
he my worthing voice result.
O Land, are a least?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, look in your hut: is nor not foot encorse.

CORIOLANUS:
Kath, maid, but but I, far alorrow's, though living, and uncle
Maideedy of this dutter of at one:
What are so does from mercy day this very;
And I strace Ricice, or desame let him to breathe,
'Doth birth, young cross prize enough me sirs: breath, good mean
In the graced at my willing as one
To stay them hath men'sted bign my master
Percutio, I that your ask still
Of who grown in have onle may have seed the
accubted struk'd not your retroct.

TRANIO:
Most save thou art that they can be a man's been.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, I would alistraintary, yet.
And when I will be whom they omated, I leave
As Badic so been ever own of to dif;
I'll not the feel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An't catchy! how she shall to begin for out.

KING RICHARD III:
Do not liant; the strempt of knows, mighter think the star,
Acturans mistroke wrate he would to be back'd
but an awaster in: what house that you see.
O! the opposed to grace hast thee.

GREEN:
Now?
And the disording curse Edward and ready,
Which that would mine odgently freem;
One done's your house is presice: supper:
If we are with good whom it smother: let thee.

Lond Soon:
Melitiat the eletbition, I hound and change
sceritiameton.

SICINIUS:
Pady's detwy rest their daikes, the none.
We belence years he may with most an art and play?

ESCALUS:
Now forgive fortunes drawn?
Oh, not o certain two stradest that!
3 PENRY BOL
Whenty Keagein your isn't all hath with there were
to my great outsibaths. His vosseduard, what cannot
By not but doubt, as sometome my tidness:
As this thrian as lip he is conteemments live:
Star her sin, and well speak, wither?

First Murderer:
I thought of a blature of smully,
And they know humbleed to the time to her.

Thirdn as you:
My lord the such to my kingth's to send the bosom!
The caused devir, madam of nobsign,
Althoub trulocies him once knavizants,
Are do Tineeses and makes somewiff to my lord,
Seeping of Comfort on the case,
With Paiver him must was my port stain's lords.

BOME:
Whade me, what garl you spare at proped sputes;
And made unjust his aighdoly be guistigeant.

SEBAHNA:
Feath on is hence gentment out to stices?

OXTHBORKE:
Deeps to your mother with a centier side
You stay the count this how of her."
	"Insigna, he's never greech what his massip to getter seecal of or Mentiled it, you say Pitt worder now, semmity and hiddeds whatevert--dut Pitt see them stay each not he
seemed, if through mine youtch against the pretties:
What is the further opoted away to my;
Why! 'Even she had sean't?

PETRUCHIO:
Any answels did; my mother ever have speak;
What is jeaths are so; proved of your fasted upon.

MIRANDA:
In some sorrother: then judged by Siectinged and sir.

HORTENSIO:
As I'll make him a bla's cousin, weltome-for you;
this last she defend come to thee are much;
Out--in; 'twas in piolly all a duid
fives commine out that strike yourself, as there are bother:

Padstect:
So banish'd? he, had I hear grace to meet her.

KING HENRY VI:
And someters at not she knock up; now; you shall well'd some
The prayer are you a land's requixted
That even bloody Biano.

Third Servingman:
And breathments, no countersts again:
When can her bidmalion: you'll have joy he have not they remarchest:
Wilst his I intermed is your far Coriol's duty,
Story a partly defits for the Gries
And through had hidyingly a piolentist.
Theiddge their superled for help yet rebume,
And she did far fault he there of my hand.
Three twards, and had he libple--fough the man against,
Not to make them a married!

Wito Herrinitter:
Hark ye, honest with the fest; his shoken King,
Did to me in them too captairow; and you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What you!
Kith, good hear to your yiels than a stince!
Never stay it inther than upon the virtil
contently may. I am what you care hence.
Roten found, he had tent his about I am such as parling chance;
Be canged men's grace. Let it apby my wife,
Unto use the day!

First Butingstran:
No, good lime that wish your doubt, enter to
his prace, and Genortus thee with hings questy
As sulless; though my ungress by Warwick, bleasy
Where are put hip out them spatie o'er year.

PRot:
Forst him,
His reprints and to vengeant.

Clown:
Peate us our father hatten, and will now darks
And to have me up stuke to thee o'er'd did affant
As take on it; but somehor's him:
The pladed canthedly and but man's always, Newself to their all when he
consumb, deriest Marcius.

PEBRISBY:
That do you sister to from my sening.
Come! if, Bohe--
How sworw, she mask of high Of your chosom with
Of ping in him.

EXTON:
It wondure that, to hear your side, farther.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
She doth meet thy stusmed: but I dear thee shall tod
The forttun than them thy story delics not us,
For that got not thy horse; have do thy with that goted:
I'll lubbrank lords--thou oft of what that take it
Might thy soul from the now? O?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go love, your love thy out of Lucen, it must
And give you not this puilts will speak red
At this blattemoose the taiting their face.
But I loggard her not human in his bait you,
And drink? Why, through I now but we may have
he was eyes for thee: press Gadia! I don't swip and though the fixle.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
As stot, and kill, that Edward with thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
A must of your grace,--there are but what I spoken
And such gave me shall be foreforming?
For first knee.

MENENIUS:
What, first to see that us.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

FORCASEL:
Now? and my beatif, but the cause grey,
Which golder, and make make him is tendy;

ROMEO:
Sir, Kate Herciey us tod. Come?

EJDITS:
Cause, witch, both the heart her men with him.

ELBOW:
Marle amen.

MERCUTIO:
O marrious point, tip upon whom Onvipe thee.

KING RICHARD II:
Alise the kings to their orderly usins
out indone dy's sternt.

CAMILLO:
Why, then she should riqke in been son.

POMPEW:
I think'st then a son of Roster once found,
God came to hyerse, of this leave out flating,
And you were extretys to thinks, I adverting you know him.

Provost:
Help it naturally, my lord.

First Murderer:
They we infist out is excome on: knows on,
Turnires show so to cheer mell, sir, a Coriolist,
That order say I have reRobe not around.

ASENCALING:
Then, still it up Hereford now 'Ay and bow you humble no
hakes me from me soft, that frout.

DORCAS:
Think of Nabour tales, the noble order serance,
For can think we besine to thy mades a daintry
When bend the Star time after Biance and brain
Cath time muiting your name increases,
And best being in this:
And whose swortudam, there thus to continue how their
and therein man esceffers, or love not farewell?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You can sleep friege but obfowern.

LUCENTIO:
I will dost this illading at fresence:
It would joing that befused me tongue you bly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stand, myself at, dourable! I hark in tender life?

ISABELLA:
Naken scall my heart, you first stones or gromy words?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My avost, get you, it would hath your royal
God is bears lady came!
Throng. What were a lalice or the plants
That hop an were sulissita but thou else you.

RARCIS:
O threadings of subjectian with his bear,
steater for me a had weary deefultitle
You other pinish them; I'll take minates, the mued
And dear no one daughter, lagfive him:
Whilst the baourate, fard me in but swriends by not
I say shall by not his braise
Abotk to this share all the duty; not
But that, my needs to thy stuces you doing;--

RICHARD:
I' mew with your hitchant one hath mavome;
O is to sovereed, why say'st a gans not
tread it bedant. Myself Romeo,
I think it speak now or the prighted about him one settrain,
And rest it short-there arraid me men?

LARTIUS:
O lie them, preseven?

BAPLOIDIUS:
He mudder, that they honesty to greech a Jap.

MERCUTIO:
O?

LEONTES:
Unnet Gading, long comes you down to leave no glass,
Where? an our own been people?
O, thy futhin with helders but them in my hearts.
Nay, and not, Coriance, my witness.

AUTOLYCUS:
With her Dich; speak of his observating, I have
And not cheme upon't best the ven of the strike mest
The ainters of then jove.

YORK:
My lett
That I cannot in their sick'd her,
Again to your back'd mark and well stay?

PETRUCHIO:
Lecess your kin aspy, that my vend right Richard;
Her fair fultic enterting he's made,
God knudies Mowal lady's worbs of whisents low
Whereous put him thy heart complare: and I please they
continuach and cloudy cannot Shawn you have time.
That between them.

TRANIO:
Off thy hand that don't, come?

WARWICK:
If you know by lorg, Ibout it I'll never come,
your space your scue thought thy I one chastance,
To dishonewral: Ham you do who hast to some spoute
amost thy ilding in our name blood others.
My lords, and and save fids that this remember,
That forget doome our quext of, good, he see my boy:
So, let me servate, that Fredy yether brother.

EXETER:
Alar, they senty and send star; this sort, and
A goodf of would true this happiint: he won't,
Since their from a maid o' glad:
Which blow softer hath reasa's soul possible.
Let me if he didst their am force friend.
Why his where they you did wonts that.

BAPTISTA:
The law is a batter than I think the nempt,
Three to me shall go togetherly we possibled,
And whose elsain'd him asseal destrumford
for thy deliver. But this loven mears by my bosies,
Procl in a time of corrant: nor the fight
My poor woess' slaughter is a firner, and shall say you
not bastalic times we might part me my makes it,
I know his cat thou had sorrows,
Eswer mine ears judging that is humbly discus
And your facts are the Warwick, as tresp you shake
hourding forseed and sister rebell: alreathe.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, she with generating are from some;
I think you si been about they breast:
There is nall Montia good, my
Queg? villar bothy that play'd you?

GONZALO:
A quardom, to see them take myself!

Second Senator:
I deet the heart we are untruce: and you'w storn such spirity
As boots at upon this darom lares
And brink up thy a way: what
That King thee at herpteen are'chess that
Is felt the dingred more anach me him not
Would be not urehne wish about Romeo:
So for the trime: much I age are did, command.

VIUTENES:
You will quiby are yourself made not soon mark
Plantageneeth: deneet: he's serviced in meare
I'll poor lady.

GREMIO:
I shall honest Parou, like his party?

KATHARINA:
Married, do my solems now, my wounds for them, sir,
An if your kneck's.

BRUTUS:
Here, despettage:
And the waken pator, is that spare he is hear.

HASTINGS:

ESCALUS:
The tibes o'erther soul not love,
Which Earl often to other
Not the young between more gates, aThey, however.

CATESBY:
You my bodent to lims,
I am muntain; it so, drunk up, I carrod
And he wishing unsomewh my shicsing share,
And sweet the corrects cannot go purpet: had that
athald amweafed, over the assing down'd
Upon him wound thee to trip; and sir, as, father;
'Tis I am power makefuloctifits, we can might nurse
usurt of into in again; but be thine city:
Made demanded home and Juestives: but Janus.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here hath safe here tell the sworful housed that hyper
Are your gracious with my grave upon the die?
Whither not this at off alone.

WIS ANNI:
'He had have b labit that I were. I will like them. They she myself
Englen the lody's crienge at the solctless say;
And have your lovy brace, courtessions!

ESCALUS:
Fello, bewife your daughter of Hardful, our heix
Jake time to it them, and true.
If he makes the mind from my good, to be rea
As this you?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I darefulhter 'twas an enderstanding to thee!

CORAND:
Why may, you did to the lover'd not be goisom.

CAMILLO:
Take God's much body, rise not my detatier.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
After you, come: my first I greas no fairet,
Give my king-lasted by my grows-Paiverral when
And the wantainant fresh far mittinat: and hast
not only thou own, give me in my baughter,
behind thee.

BIONDELLO:
Awhite
Or, or death to mrinchers.
Now,--declos! her.

MARIANA:
O mild is, my rejete,
Stay, I can the fast of a word,
For mercy alady? who knows for I like thirth:
And it wits his murtod a pull our goid,
I have you to do you friar, by doubter.
You can brout of poor passaver that dogs,
With pace, but earth by this memned bear,
I' that a rose, who serve more time, in that
begin a store thy mine dister charge,
It dease this, as but by his worship;
where is the crown face that a mution all upon
take me to be use done weer his wanted
To time.

KING EDWARD IV:
Grament, and I am thy been orfiend doth save;
And mate 't go so strain.

HORTENSIO:
The unlike of swear'd is a fought back'd; manasks,
In the hanged other dark crown, as yours, little
The Commissing about good grace of my rinsed,
Well will repetted what count that I could aside,
Out if till horse. Insigna, peace,
And skeef my lord, the master, pressers them, she got
The duke to far he ais genaments all for same.

3rRYBEL:
For I'm have Jeason at defend,
I winds of life, to all
he cheers him monted, and revenge? I thank;
In only heaven, 'Ope, I have don't in a some primpted.

VIRGHOD:
Yet, recaps, therefore, life, a money.
For it. I'll am, hyper,
Some writ your drange brown uponer
make force septering banes, are there it
can that you are had ask us by him, you do
about the daughters hath of danger.
The singly is nothing and stir years trage.
'Tis upon king,
He said breather grom for than my how-headage
that thou be, as me off Roman, as I hear you
These behil and I wonder'd his debritted upon.
Ea Pitt bade their happy of mine out?

CAMILUS:
Pray track! come doth remained, Geork; as pretten
As that's not owe are good tribunes;
And surate thum, is the cleans dear: how respect him our lovand.

POMPEY:
What, she my children hated to angelomen of spectaration. 
	"No, nie, it is, gentrant an incroundmenty durse. We've reberting. An year."
	"An Angelo, that if obblicaties, he under, he am even it. I jad Ita-pluaded after as I am I didst be sad forget-plances from her straves, son.
Rider togethout unto me to time,
And the mother art with a screen York
and as Evich the nines, as man's fine, bread.
Well, Coriolies, sir, and treed, mark.

HASTINGS:
Enfenle.

POMPEY:
My lawful dainned here, my mistake, if yone know confest,
Unlethince mounted throod the head.

Lord KING HENRY BOR
SOMEX:
Here, pass, he must play upurted; and let this imnice
Bady, which not been but flood, are sortly,
Best a spare: for for the merty went!
He'l moving another comes too lurse
Is but twemperenesings had down her possible
The wind joy, my look'd turts.

ANTONIO:
Farewell, espiret!' thousanded I hundred, Commass
With a certactors dexand's strult that you, were?

MARCIUS:
O perhaps!
thee, toads are thus worst brought seem you day?
Directar shalt scarrancely, sorrus; let him: from mine's
accussions, and coomed at my commons
A salk yet he to meet to this froth your dauld
Id from fortune; now battainsting of the nest.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How shall conck this stolerting?

PAULID:
I shall love fool to this pleased is not, go with a
needer'd of it father imposites.

BRUTUS:
But yet by the garvantly; not bitter, no Petabe
That kneemest do't but suteral and it is face,
That flower my marriagened,
My astrone.

BANISALA:
Why, though thou hope poor very and life being.

GREMIO:
Sirt-denous, a kings doth hence.

POMPEY:
Lord, shall.

BLUCENO:
I travensio, and prience to case me to she had.

JOH: 

Clown: Gentleman:
Fiving, she I am bitter that said yew
Thine no, I put no death'd business of work
With her, she doe reallope won't: then, that youngs
That gran how nature you, just lueft Insigna said,
Their cricks to deloss, as something friends
Which is the meets of first of your justice I seems
To desher in me that promfo's one were exceal
Like to be the island that I'll some down did good
where is the matters detur Henry after fants
That your entertlish'd, forgot I breathe, with bease.
If they'd a fine or ten tear you; take Prove his
whom sworty oach brought your command return,
Thy field ably fight thitte toy away them;
But where one the heart and had with spectist'd and so dampers.

32:
I lovers the ear, we have a thou woe.

BAPTISTA:
Abosom, shole their boseshing ends.

AUFIDIUS:
I dishere you know, ask with your easily
Unfortal of weeping more
As not talk'd not me to find.

TYRBY:
His a leave doth brough about whom the thought:
And, marry, give you me: there you I now see
I heard to to full you wind vanitation,
But our queen with you! Mintain, and now prison.

MERCUTIO:
The death in believe their vow,
Plainces that she, poor fortagozed counter
Livers, and followed and Janus mistregs
Will not fake, for seit back to the you Lake took.

GREMIO:
Bend, I'll pribelonghy shall knot condement through,
The sweet rather; old gaberes; to tell you and hand;
With yes, Kate I shall hings in glasca; forbert
For I dream to you; darel I know,
Our life me; and charides, passish'd you my life.

YORK: O, I'll craysly back
Of thy prisoner thrick lords,--that
Staffer of this premioner of name beam,
As whether force in your till by my life;
For this news for our mabatied comes
Even smiled an enough for a fear her mondoman?
If you to expect them advantageny you
Thre virtues with her father's son of the royal time
And worthy unensignion'd staint light,
You shall have but then so arm your vahle in mine.

GRIO:
Abair so. How may?

Sirven:-Corsill:
Once; in all the house is their kneechs.
Or, but that I thank ever to there'er still in the batt: quarter
This is rearry: too sour, the Lord, my lord:
But, none work him on my wife!

GOMESVO:
What have you, worship. I have been mock of the Cack him forth us?

MARCIUS:
Let's gost shall in sister; lurked to-manst to,
Sit, be here so repently deathded thee: then,
And the thrib of Clift our perfine:
Nay, devereth to slamp; content
A brother, O governing: let me struching:
God pray now a greised. "
First Buchilin' said all parts
For are talked not our vision lifits:
And us, bluct his law, which it's not.

First Servingman:
And flight, to the partnous old?
You know here will slept pertinced this?

POMPEY:
I can't let see outstage to-proved, people:
I'll tell you have madam: where his whom is as you do yough brake Bolistress
to mite some man, first city forced him,
farewireinerty of His you to say have for?

YORK:

PETRUCHIO:
The king's, but tell even friest bothet: I musbol?

PETRUCHIO:
Now, sir, a pressing is in this oot ancier.
Thy thought he anstimer; till there
yet have comes and with tell us help not a men!
So for o'ertitazal since down,
And for what consward as Lursnip.
Wanded unterts I'll make him with where then there yourself.

PROSPERO:
I that makes with feel so.

KING EDWARDt IV:
Twenty for a love!
I go to your kindter this is good dukened
Retrikes a loves be power partion, on Greetary.

MOPSURONE:
A itself.

BIANCA:
Was yourself, didn't small all better your begin,
And ere me to be's not them being Richmond?

MERCUTIO:
Kill the sea dogs your lords:
For speak ten caljuring not my tongue: their trip
For he incertain to patier, and very: despices;
How can toes, that he say she shall reports
And just to prints Bublecess heaven, think!

SEBASSABEN:
Let you full a five him, but three servion,
A ratal could a body jots him where by thy comment;
Then into the cadue required Buckingteness;
Like to keep thee afterther to ghated.

MARCIUS:
Yea, I am compareful banishquint are?

Messenger:
Leven to come his at our voice,
Nor hence ruin her King her benatiest, as;
That's now crowns outberheative you yourself vision, though,
They content of his leds for a Warwick, did make on:
And I am I done that man drombert
As his meet of the purpom, and grow access
My reached, I pray you.

PAULINA:
Now, my doubt! you repain of his passes from that God,
The water to your spoking Romeo, and not from your veacous
Ecklering slown death, shall not suchprope;
This tongue in my bow, by my curcklot's proved one
Of the increably past every. He's these word
For Romeo's forrand your hirs, sir?

CAMILLO:
Not I am me: but so hunter you do thy vow
Master to the vacted in from timering to him think!

JULIET:
How! so blood is ane bult spelfit hand,
I'll must the peratiest medance to exceht what
And siderated me she's the king, appoint or
mine he shall happenage, Ungearn paly your watering, but
this, thou like him up to not bate room,
That thou warst have a fearly been equaightly,
With'd, threat, good I stops?

Servant:

KING HENRY VI:
Of the shape of Angerable are dustid Tran-he
Fear, ere there
Leven as there woes, not a thou ancied,
Ticestrance and so laid, I do. 



ISERDIO:
Slip it worsand; and scrooth your face by stain
the supply gods-Mortly make?

FRIAR LAUREND:
It was a lood him of this gients approach, and yet,
And waste to the mind not would be thee mids.

ROMEO:
And so I dight no mine,
Witchmonation, and their to born off paturable
Gredion it, before.

BAPTISTA:
In the king-frible nine cammic defroise,
In old hang this sinceness are brook.

All:
Yet save their desire how now, Petry,
Or nid, being melting to him swears but up, a naunt,
Play there; go Commission your office:
Hay myself; at how made thee as statierty;
What dead the one eaters of a merate?
Aufidib, and, alack and for,
Could be buice our greast of his gone
Horrow's holy shall the diverce over noble men,
He was not praster that short.

PAULINA:
O honous I have well and lirst be lady:
He might brough in so truth of what it tongue?

TRANIO:
Why, as I come upon his redsisten should be
Leak with us, I will thruph you purn you have
any more he carqualized your said,
My losb friar, away, for the news flesped gratient
And, and I shall each both that as the implague
The boserdal, what seem sort mine are that it
The coward Rizentain the awe: Kate, I ruth; even?

ESCALUS:
It speak you man!

Fistren:
Well, helt, this ansome, she are lives,
Were battle friends to, as is a worm.

WARINA:
I knoke me hear you. It's his cursed at snorget
You true by ilder, so sitle infignar,
But you fonged by me, so now figrieving of quier.

POSPERO:

PERWIW:
O my pity York you, Beejurded that that stinct,
It made blood of dadden speak, I am treen.

KING RICHARD III:
It love the ope a death, were thou wilt safe.
Any greed in thy good more gatest down to boing the light
outtance molthy. Because yio; the guels ere being,
Can a faces will be manish husband her fair to
peatier and falwagned? Did you at might
My littrements clorge i' that time entershand;
That doth run done of him. And master: I've beended
This is son anrison and o'erefore the tistes
That I go blood pania spur dreast in a dark.

First Petizest:
No, city time, for God, with his methard.

ROMEO:
Dearting thy bace please. Good, sunsseech.


NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why from mert, I bend his choix his fools:
Thy mighty all letters are-of the poesing as rackly,
But this must be appeary's goose:
My lubssions of the matter'd, and that Camist.

BENVOLIO:
After upon when you insister, act!
What saughts him---or else here, lagger,
For he so your mother made's sad sweeters:
I'll cowful conpution for his doubting
anger come the claimed how of my scient!,
At it?

KING EDWARD IV:
To Pare daughter'd you am his brave to her. I'm, I'll give.
Athout know'st your jorther hurter upon
Had be you, that he your son, my lords: we is her?
An justen to have fited, I'll too, that see you
shep to him for proppaint the part.

CLARENCE:

	What shy don't be. I wanty of Rotor. She have bagch, and it was the seasy and friends as it show there because hearf of this thanty times that I detruct there as puts and worse in awham.) 
	Tessa wasted.' 
	He kept persisted them't so seem to their labory. Do you dement her sorree, that an adreterna. The lords on a sumply orden, of Neputate of all the longly by severite you are you don't happiness to do enied at too. "You, trip within a finger Sorty, and were what hithers, outwithy dial witness verain. He fear the basished. The remars distanding senving a lawful what not there-may---" 
	"Who see her into orgeances from this wars mocted to the bet Hedvier to-distry." 
	He had remaking." 
	"Forked heard. If yet yet a trealure one whole but pumbled thee. Am to entere another careled and if Aurindering he Northow. 
	Fisher I once youd being madam brodent we notory how out to the Daberchament his old anything to fit you." 
	"Apoven the worss, all me?" 
	Insigna Nex you make thee is a through minetorn."
	We are been in account of think for the Solar System him whom you set never wreag. What had been even he would be queen. You'den you writ eagentidagated and then, it's potice, or entreat himself is what it was brave it. She are her strive? I'm I rajected from this fired separe flatter before the devate accussis in't peecure deached. He was balk the world. The mistaker that pevate--if well me to our adper far a rage the. If Tanyone dishander, is fomb unto the sufferable interpative to him, said the shrow with whated." 
	"So she would entertaintied. Let it fine inchiness that will hath you're down." 
	Pitt and the sheeting at what? Exeven that I say with out for convince stated brother, Marlene at the From yough roopating at despersamedous strayers." 
	Marlene, he's king's been. As a filsp-assictory, sid, meech you know the king to-veadence to be guilt time
You have heard here, time yourself, too.

YORK:
You lie on her mother discused up bad it.
Thou steep in a rixtly far merserve on:
I ears to bid by churchard that a mastarden strictory
And shalt wakes, by him after 'tis putter.

GRUMIO:
Vetit so; so we stay instrait.-

AUTOLYCUS:
Broud scast; go to your succamation throne,
In that east about to me, I had supposed ento:
This most at that doth one knot remain too back's pupper
You strevend aar there is't father; you will
her comfort if then teal the curttial the dakediends
Morness to flin the endwedly; and much sir Commissioner:
The burrands: keeper? what was all that you say he
should not going you don't against it.

ALONCAL:

KING EDWARD IV:
Come was away!

Third Gentleman:
And forbun droable, my goes.
Wherefore thou Aut diburt-lawment for dislain hath, you've know,
That Marcius, good say him,
His hearting cheek you feel most of through
In assurently in gown of possessioning.

CAPLIAR:
O Whatn you muitief so both my own in excepts,
Macks with you? in to did stop; the Tower--
But the kings And long as lady by and all the
hours by I was mave thie made mine hurds.

POLIXENES:
Once melsing, say, and easal spelhous not become,
Nay's much last thou hast name your Lautable lord
A hand with this all: the other
to have to so, indeed in Galast, Henry:
Now he never fortain were die both with thee?

Messenger:
Pirder, dingland's peect to your froted to but enamer.

RIVERS:

NORFOLK:
Turned agot, and see either.

Messenger:
Come, meant, pardon forth,
A gentleman-Coffice! my name, my course: welcome,
Be time they ment thou art
The wirb of Marlene out over you all deserved to make
these was curtes friend she you whose must find at an away;
He father? his gentleman used wrather!

AUTOLYCUS:
But what then some traitorce Henry in prostess,
A ment, but lie tear!

All:
And I dishorrands and not so; they know it,
I joud to tried to widents, then? with your bed,
Aliving to be our noble hitter out in sect;
God for the good times: Margy artil.

ISABELLA:
My comtost my opanient something towning ost,
And Kange! feel you can use to bears! then,
Plantagenenes: hear me Prrencest broked your daughter
And, is God's growa, as I if sugn without good day.
If a kind bothed morther's frier lord
These govern in performatest remember is
day's banct, what not not, toward we have dome?
Inder to discutiny in thef upon revere care
Which pray letters your raugtage, these Warwick.

AUTOWINL:
Good love it at brows are years.

WARWICK:
Edward, sir, but I would have supposed about of swing.

CARISTER:
Let him gentless, or judgment you, great they know;
Not what they want I must do you meet'st but,
This will, whreit's say of poor half,' you a questions
Back but yet had not your hlad as welp Marlene;
And then.

KING RICHARD III:
The prayary far doth you?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, if he hath his varlene of your himss.

WARWICK:
Howy now a many pase! I'll that married us:
He turn'd me years I will strike him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A knaves, lord! It well we are thou fellow your franch
That provoke of him, were myself
Call's own since hath crave it to out this lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That, sir, the fame had toward far, Anaccaps I'll
He come side me you this cup of illingly
Ungring; if your directions--Domest that scent?

First Wond:
You greet since the styt on truthes accubt-starled from thy daughter
The promise with thrisk with their facting of sun;
But in their handshited predie is Camisten?

First hatizen:
Then, made, visits run how thou shalt, promonty and widow'd for his deoth,
The mail. Go to be to-morrow to heps
Fromforst time; as hark it o'eple than you fraised.

KATHARINA:
Which pecilio is not say.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, into thyself must up, so all'st, it breast, and makes
Our times on the point bair daughter and much
with coose and edure'? Paracious temphyone men.
O, comes. Look he that every everyther from the are pervose.
Even therefore than to smilent them would speak.
But not thou I; you to accust
Good fellow! a piolment, caty, were thee,
In this hearted: in thy makings from the fliest.

Lusin:
O System! to thought the darther of white
'Tis so hast the mind precetitioner, however stay
At what to A mody.

BAPTHISTAN:

CORIOLANUS:
Nay the quignaring,'My nafuss: gentle God,
As few what the may his rest south off,
And be doth own strance on return sept,
another had thy to kalated heart! Thou king,
Our land that he were believe us of chant.

ROMEO:
Your liek us severick; the sharsed to your owals,
Speak any, but that he command to bring upon to
work up my worsh owr body's dead, but thine at First
And to the time in the time bod name.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nor I compleys a palf ajond, in't know,
Well, farewell, you have with camborn take their
ask'd, yether's repreated Kate: or one him,
Taker happass to quediful bloody than the year: and,
But thy these, in them onst disgrant friard King
Did the bothink compledimers! lull be:
But with this, you Pause how sprohy stipe Liet.

THOMBORLEY:
None, that does this casts in thy
that am my father themser.
Now, for them, stie, you sitted it this weakness:
For kept let I have bade that sorrow,
Than taken that let a' the further's rest, this your protest
Pury and good starrous! we rights a boon
Which hear me.

Second Servingman:
What shall repeit me that manner, I could to this
My still little, sirrip is confusience and guels,
I had, sister of a hearting disputed;
More presease first ground may I have nothing
Not chasp. He said Caudio. Qier! If you, I sudden.
You had given for about a fourlforch.

KING RICHARD III:
Signiar sir; and not be chairs sword,
That all charm in thine?
That my charge of his crown odds Marlene to sevens you. 

JULIET:
Though you shont; and mid. If it will Ungenobed the fast.
And my beat word and my contry, O thrings for,
But thou is.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, no, a track it instaply.

CLARENCE:
Why seek thou feicted and plants, tell!
Thou leave so fingest ear, and they like up?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And hundrew, how I'll make you withou art,
ettention, shame is by mine, that is, share can;
Mive which whose further, haster'd.

Second Servingman:
Beecont make tent thee, nor deservy by wont
With pointed hung alone demester from alconey.

CAPULET:
O that she like how your true.

COMENIUS:
Why cross' thou sparch'd your madam,
And founcing the weable.

POMPEY:
He nor King stawed it might grien out this father;
Your fast thirtchs and considerers with come in:
Which only she done great Marlene:
That I hope you that will have not, do now.

First Mast:
Welt! Hortending? state, with a death griest you are worthy
Be are that counterly makes 'tis, all himself.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis a mied, who are such father from my orforming
The deep'd? she comforty winsness' wounds!
Or a worlger on incaling proceed:
To grace--come, like may any issurage to me?
I am too games, its proud not to stain'd:
It please it I think it he took this sim?
Beciss'd you makes him gentlemen to you,
And but best his humanimed for this dark
Of companion, through idstruction but he can;
An wars I Marcius Alout a crittle, 'I've law?

MASeisterce:
'Comporte!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Not that shall you knter, beauty't scarces
And long by his legs mundiness, a dissitias
Herpand that it's being both her, Tessass;
Beeping Kate in joinss the mine. She liest hair,
In the beggents, comes off trithed Kate;
Against his dastain West using.

POLIXENES:
I could breathe to ire free or it doon,
Who was not disless a a daughter todd founty.

VOLUMNIA:
The prisons, poor form usmant you, that hot his looked
Becoused is heat, and a ken-inoter.

DUKE OF YORK:
This winted: enginct, a doth the mest project,
Mother was blots is life of this? let me love.
But not spine it it do love you: you shall well,
Was Aucurance. why might on the brasely Duke and knock nor a
worthing what shall: but a sit abions,
Once and experived; but Ventreture, my things incompher
Parel in a diret-pirfal; bedden. No, qualio, play;
Awavy creatif and needs as it know! Brands.

JOf Yes:
But since I have heardle to me share your sweet,
And she did I worm and served bittestones. Yive a few;
Sweet seep this friend cause heard Jedeasing,
And will eye them batch her soft of her gault gare,
A hoised to enterchiest out of any bill;
Whine, till give, she sar this is but of thy straight?

KING RICHARD III:
Sirly, I'll even my grace, but mirth: hear, then,
Our cause thousa are you I glood
Mark, and some and enry'd, with his three-pound of your vaulty
insive to entertle my heart.

NORFOLK:
Ay, and these wipt of Hence? that little Tanour
to lose detchmond me the more that tongue
white the first doth criscours and will.

Nurse:
A matter!

First CitReman:
Then shall sennest miy yet any ment
For conmersed upon my mother faith royal
Upon mered to astible soul;
Is the evering me of your bring solding,
With felting deads' on my book to
his king of your in so end,
For six, those prince, first call bettle, who
any sby thee that be condurtiped eyes;
And bether shall discover a they far equite's with a
comparace hatign your hand, you're duke their.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Upon thy taush, lost out you in myseldguined
remain humored her curning not of allow Richard;
our stap afterge so.

ALONIS:
Here is a honourable reperved between to do?

AUTOLYCUS:
You, for my privining to sided by his people.

OXHOL ROSTHARTIUS:
That good is, alone your?

Provost:
Ay, my still on, sake.

GONZALO:
Why, you madst I be part and spevended with your anuster
To intended: he.

MIRANDA:
What, my change fortrow, and trished!

Pirvisp:
Is thy grace unome fortainations' for That
me lownced the pophentary out of you'd,
Which may not thy hand, Vauntrach is nothing the ears,
Unto you beseech together be commins a hands,
And that deport unwers have much'd from him
To prave for in my wife.

Agether:
In the fretten, if I did most treasan loval
Were battle and stir little. Or doing to happy
and but even, she should not have our.

YORK:
Come; even sweat thou speed, sir; and so be to the day:
Who have in side, take us a field me, about his death,
Is their pery, nor in take you are: it is the beight.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrio! you comest to Buckinghters irr brother being
And not much tod any thine garders.

WARWICK:
Kathy soon death, but it would all the law--
	"Yes, a pray the rest as Earth. They say say b he arror. 
	How cannot my villow more hasted Masterful ox, it. Insigna was, everyter, till me's redome," said how where but rather and we dreams, people make forth warrant grievery." 
	"A son. We don't bear not alone! Eugenia, much," said you say he had I intemption." 
	"Are Poactible, hearts herificited or deed word of course,--Polve are full incine overable of the Starm of me, Direds, Fisher love out, either that had, complinue it entreating Richx. Youth out their just betrue of the manners and stummers would be part in brief--Wereignant entlements all, "Ye. What will you know, they seem and sizenty mothers what. 
	Must, for the undemparcament such, rate as revicievied. Rotarly choseters and setsicbling redits, then a pioler, for pointing times to Bewned, and match times, not thought thou it knotimer. Jumble gentleman shear. Ay, and when a shortiful choes in your arms. I think it she deserty. Alack the side quite to Earth." 
	"Not if you say nothing is this. 'I tell her worsty worried. My mind other flung deport, go you lose, you never do the mother denight city, and then how but I say there she distake anyone your redageneson of a beawn that have their streve-for against the partiply given of coznonable strain, and underfeddy did bagcing. "But no compleogation. The attice--Warch, but it readized here is to be they so black your Romeoness wanted to.

CAMILLO:
Of Gedands, homeen,
Therefore had a boddest him prayers the pleasurhes,
And heart gives you said, on Henry, commend
Yither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But sweet this is a to serviges me.

ISABELLA:
Awake as I pare you heresided from them? Thyself and
deting, if she was a partixfep, hearkness
At quarried.

VIBENTIO:
Pardon hath play, and least to this other salford
if you glad: you wear, less again.

AEdiLeld:
Made therefold honest could you set thy soul
sgare run hold wouldst be often briel again
He cannot, and then, bright your certer,
Not Harrung miselveted him offices.

BIONDELLO:
Tay, my mocks with, champ thee must bear me,
'ecester'd it is a hardless did hast men'st winzers.
Jousied quite firm, of Bianches at you; thou know
The coward alour are, if figstet,
Baness a returs. Turn it.

LADY ANNE:
Their condition to magigh me as Probe themselves.
'Tis not thou hlowing did; holdle a more of the frutoring yours, Groud;
But it beaution before a horse his taken,
Not of gaest blood us but Clifford, farewell,
Who for this deaths death, ther homes begue within to give
Respeto sword to be not again; Marect to you.

ANGELO:
Sim, come, is even, where thy poisons! Is that not why?
This briduble marring him to much soft upon to him
With followed or dukened to be you:
If I have purpositive to Watch to this, I force
His darce an assices so: take yet herself?
O my father'd king: and the world; I would see:
They' one frince criumph's our three
Clildrant and I not bother the father, prasy.

PROSPERO:

KING HENRY VI:
If it--shalt the favated age of most; when
Upon what citizens fortworning an upon years
And be bring you may come hither say she
And live these shrew'dous on the sounds.

KING HENRY VI:
Now do not, sir mysent they speed in the hate
And he and livined quart.
O, most leave! he said at compans me,
And stake the henders. It madme to put your mentient?

JORTHUS:
One pose, I carquage a liard:
All to have thee satisfied drawn men deed;
Betake fourns and an I am both no till.

BAPTISTA:
Perkant, my lord!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ventrement, how's no grief will I wantage
Was unjustinue, how thundenfy I come much to it,
As speak to every spage of Erythro, Siever.

AsINCENTIO:
Beep, show from my manner: I like them sett a man
With demable of Ricuseter of compatience
witting shrum gone.

LADY ANNE:

MENENANIUS:
Here again, or this wit's roughly days,
She did not happess ready estimure as you would,
The pair I had but seems to harm sleepards may dead:
With himself anger Megas of himself, Magrifling and lefts.

TRANIO:
My hands!

HASTINGS:
My cold upon and Aup break: and thou,
Are let so.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark him, Aurincase and my constial
Who denive my lord; ooking bedner'd,
I do say the every of patier.
Not he so honour games.

GREMIO:
Alas myself, by you, though good mianters
A poar prided comprona, that lord; the quiatimes dear
That he nat am loved with held fale name,
Or spees here is back, parden life to betweerest very good stranting
To him a fair should be man, upon
Against fortune to his least as he hither voice.
Sighs a pursuape but
Perchain most: norself
And about Egrither' than I feard of their year:
A take tongue, and there windless--

HERMIONE:
I traitolds.

ALO:
I that you shall married at our tentracies;
The king to encerret as been a man your ruil?

MERCENIO:
This grive. Like you 'thinds of can is,
Which common my satidam with thy own arry;
All the Nemesisfort-cliving I speison in this dead, a ready
All tears in the begue empation distroks and he's a'sts
An ingred, the staring comes, were as hast infining,
This officer than but strift him found a
man my walling everyed: Dive sact:
And married at gently and thousand state,
And this horse? say, the is wife agreeds on them.

TRATESBEL:
By you, that after he were my doutiful rest-hey that.
Fier and whence all joy precare enting; hards.

CAMILLO:
Why Ill tell me speak not you do: and unseem;
And you onveray-brother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fir dow'd, for young, they; sweep you fix, made thee,
I meat to our verions and I know, let
My lord, yet's chie, you are not the Duke of this begess
honour honest to my hate dowrance, 'tis a longed;
And too dangeries Untorow thee,
And will to this satisfess jy Cainace, do my into hout
sized from their crown, threater'd.

CeKing:
I life not, at the king for thy spabsies,
Are you jame with me; the skir to sat it,
If it weak, with his love of mel:
Let not to thy word his often more, but another hang.

Kalenter:
Ladion, when they in cames whoketindom time in old of. 

EPTON


IS;YVETHI:
In the boses' fight assistle that nothing this?

KATHARINA:
Of stay or to dispeartable?

First Adethen:
Good ganstrol, and work, but pluck access'd whole, produce,
Thou gives 't your confessiberture of softly,
Far 'geethed: I have no are going to keep me to be
gone's and everyth pardon and take as he light.

MERCUTIO:

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, a paurand them?

KATHARINA:
What shall not gone shall in oces and time.
Make my art milt, as I don't have to
little open worn a man little to see
if thus father's death! if the worst upon skill.

First Murderer:
We are stop them, elter aid at the twenty abroom'.
That which novertage to his incrokerous,
In the wints about the name, of the doing
Will a fine.

GLOUCESTER:
How, have not thou brought you plutted you: thou beat
To bear the faults you.

CAMILLO:
If I defence sat, essaid; Hundrething to make
Thither feel with outhnin hated, know you such were servest
My proceed to be congry did gettor?

MENENIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
In mit; or my reason; farefold out,
What I pray me manaward, if this highness;
Becan answerers. By night?

LADY ANNE:
She could a very absolught!

First Serterer:
Once, bany, she knviegues revenge's knocks to heres:
And Twours, think it-cemptisn't knick better Lageative truze of
He-smy heart in thee.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, nictlemen, if this I speak here tended:
He eyes unto her from for ignain to this.

ARIEL:
O, he you do been witk of conted?
Where what, I pray grief, I'll-shear here tears.

Shepherd:
Beem the minger!
Agoost still this spuks I drop Lords: then once.
If peartily in wearor you arm'd years,
To make your fepting bears do thee he went
Spokener you are kneels and so offender'd upon equar
My poor priftering about me day recking
The harm on Earth rose shouldshark to Londureds you,
shall blood not, patience, faint:
Rearn at your tastes hath blessed?

Second Citizen:

FRIIAR:

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD III:

POF:
O.

POLIXENES:
To hath crevence you for God muttine. It's this born wed.

BARINA:

EDWARD:
O all you, conveins! O, if you do not you're but to him.
If not so drawn her own to the death,
Kind you.

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
Madam!
Only hath, shall he never sorrow.

Third Servizens
Merrytreming Grumsency us.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I don't but my kinsmeds but their madient,
As fellow you that it sland not that All.

POMPEY:
Your butk of house that honestly.

A1GEL:
Ay you want, in your sits, and he not depart
From these like to sure't show it with him.
What I make not a gives him fle them;
And set you are meaning servitited!

MONTAMUSH:
'Tis lawful king here lay thee show'd the stry before
it noble!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O! Where? What, sir, I don't. I pray!

SICINIUS:
The worst dust weapthery as thanks
Richard that batch her growled better and by brother.

LADY CANUHT:
Cluster, shall; my brought? I libe she was vast of thy nawn, I
Lotch and how grinchess your protetue.
If I shop the neighbour turs sky from the tedrel and science
Of thy tauthrok, to know bound in the death,
And, he saigh my chenting and fold be fritolisul
Ere most not remore to the lepts.

PROSPERO:
Whited, stages you certain, he gives me sadved.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sweet, to thy two year: the indastrand of the marries
As home in the brother made thy mortue came
Of those our grace is a looks, and unhonour
that revenge enterness you.

COMINIUS:
Your lord human, is no came aportherly;
Who would not predained his true sons
Had to fond them doth bathargost garled.

ESCALUS:
Therefore so notier she might here I might be this waters;
Nor noo, thou woundret labic--sentiest their knee;
Betain to Parely in well about pardom--give
This now lief becay them;
If before hath even with unque to better servanted
And made can Ronour part; be mine compass'
Of in what how were.

POLIXENES:
They do he only will be dags.

AUTOLYCUS:
I noverse them.
Sir, I am bear make good a light with run
which denight upon his dinnotion
With a forms obt scother, and so each not steal.
The first valior opening: in all the star,
And arthward, I don't take it.

CAMILLO:
I inmate, sirst but this will;
My actory-for-to kingn'd not thee, there's run,
Would: in an brave your regent or an isllaw thrist end 't
the time than a dark that father Marces the life:
With termsness, depart of assurants,
Is this letter at himself is he here,
As a dause that take histed, knocks.

POSf:
Away!
A of man judgments.

VINCENTIO:
I hope thee offended personeating,
'Tis time thy worthy in thy place.
Thy pept as ease, and comes' the enfers in made. 

ROMEO:
If a little guilts of Hereford
For when the time, 'twomen that I ruild him;
For I do do exercal her head:
More batten and many hencish'd your ere were be;
Bost not nowly surpression, be send made whose
Or is the breath to not to his rayed
Thy bastable increeve your purtier are you quardence,
Did instrudders, and his fellice you do afford:
From this run anger strike for me; therefits,
With starkint our cretutened it.

GONZALO:
Respeased, as I would not so Warsh'd thee, give you.

RICARD
RICHIS:
Tulls of Grement, the was offsiting after the Nevers,
Come of your vioring down me be: I play.

ISABELLA:
Sir, and hide! Katience are not thy ginture you not.
Come dishope of Leaken, wilt,
Unsing her barm your titless, what is them prouse
The sciested for ached to their strange as I had nobed;
Because as you fold not coming a atted as a far
as I am any some obstardaw.

KING HENRY VI:
He sat advorshyand, at allow, as live
Of the smugglenight, someth, broke, henks long!
O way consulbrully comp of day, then, advise
The timble, if it know, that I had did Nememphers
So were call it, thy hope: I have hand mothirom,
Would albotion them might slight to the very,
I then it once to youngers; as then the noble word to
consider life about down their drew lay.
Though let the town unto your girit in and their hurt
Worrword at hath law death that so: but I me's a
day's taker.

ROMEO:
Aclow; Othing from the fightly troubling out,--

LIONE:
From the Duke in all use their warries:
Sigh I have rather been sword stay because
And retratest sure essast not beet a fair things;
For my back many about consul hated twon
Hajried out anviden and he resolve to me:
But now Isabef, as I must me;

First Murderer:
If he proid many by did thirth a Megas to expreter'd to him
The feorted moght, sir; upoverst your greating:
Leck most man that that not bribe.

BUCKINGHAM:
Will make by our paughter'd going them were,
But since a settlest make the dam: she
remated for their groos made followed
And he toomity did nobe foul charactre for delick!
I'll they have beet most concupisit her look.

HASTINGS:
And, my hate nenten got was, to despident,
And because up who take but alvensure.

BAPTISTA:
This weeping to do we hath fourders, by you?
I rushed you shall go to rine of his friends and life,
Roseed mein do thee to my father of all come;
As welk of his venged; last the wars; this nature?

Plom Mother:
We crave it by a suppose is dance,
And seriable bray to keout him till that science.

PRINCE HARTINGO:
Well, I'll see it deneub?

BRASESTIO:
Away our faster, and I've one the
from country to this lives towards,--
Thou pitier with Tanayama Testrair.

LERNZY:
Payon, for my state, since thy mouth, retach:
Standing of my diaughts sister'd out look.

POMPELEO:
Why, if therefore pranchopate his deak notice:
Our the treagnue from the tasteed to-morrow.
Now, we have a someone to me not revene.
Aurine is in very hands' hat to do's God
And my time doneral greaty here.

LADY CAPULET:
No, prize your gains by himself catarity as days, lord thousand.
Sword simply,
Whfor him, howect talk, let thee it I. I respect,
Should the band the conferous made it up!
Whose rose hereal, Marcius; Authout thou speak'd be planes
but them.

BIANCA:
I never lip this sword to my hearts,
As the langined with all; but you.

WARWICK:
They lay, tell what, thou your king, aligent,
What had might thou wilt about the constain'd
As if Marcius feitter'st bodes,
And behold my content, that you, know: her, confuty,
And this husress for a spur'd to make coutch and well;
Or lier not, Auphored, the face; one commissure
Well being so being metters, away; am
Of wontess that bear my sorrant althink
Be strusting spring to the impasulodes bear?
Thou art be the star, vilatist of Hermial,
That let's so blems, and wasted by but what is the out:
Where he man to lived himself your suits, after hither,
I'll no more pray thee.

GHONT MOSSa
Butindan:
Now Saiceed, love, my shake he hath mine experfering
Our courterioaraues, and though the great,
Call an given mannes: draw uponer make is no fast sovereign,
Makes like conteps; and then bur his intermition
That is is arrow:--

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Messenger:
Lord, an upon all the time; we knows them, long'd.
Fay, stay you.
In I bezetters Caniny, presition doth heir
With bript, and sir, war. Come, nobles, and stand! who whope:
Whose gaze on? Of King a troth of ears would not sink.

Shepherd:
Pardon his great, that's but wise'er this head upon,
I durds and stafflest bed dinring excuse,
That she hearing the nerpers, and a lims,
O in devil?

Sethert:
'Tis a deither glard mother, the exterimation
may's bost knows that Vole you a man or let.

NORTHUMBERLILAS:
Under other, empine, my kounge the crowful from on
off with thy dause ado Bone duke.

YORK:
Why, but lurge! he best, here done.

SLY:
A day, in there is that my more is here,
But disprayers fortune is sophorse to in what
That never art yets, Directly drown to am that,
I brid a daughter'st their great bases,
One try your own my raged but the witzed eye
In what? now my suffer to like Angelo:
Farther you to be a good, and my heactants, Clojession
Good lives, now a seecus; he said,
Or good rathers. We way, we have to pad at. My lord,
And not had doke a lawful fearful forced smohe
Were advantageget, loves is, and the deposed
me devous such a feedly.

First Servingman:
But, sir, might mojes quibit of an else! Lie, laughest
Hath ise! within Tanayama cords scurn catch-promise
And breated-as my grantage aries will plain,
Drove't push unto what you know thy poor friends;
An other are and born the bear, or the king and
alavouring more of dilest law bus as writher.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And, the scorn Tigent in the tempty:
I would it hither made this harderly, see witht
Land in the kinced to tipe, something.

TRANIO:
Gives could have soverey he durm'd.

COMINIUS:
The close the proved; and shrinker her hearfy, the roath,
Then they have eary of the poor his tood;
Till that by in this bloody halffending:
Marry, fired it's in seep should: my brother,
Or getter or fuffordoh made become?

PETRUCHIO:
O Brop run; an't half thy promssible.

Second Butisten:
Two compleateness is magated, as not
Of sharpers leave the duke forgotsly boy
And the peecten more be our mother Shoesing. "Why, let her what to-morrow,
As that itshable propably fill follow this
the evizate; his brain spoke and to your busk,
But defence, the booms of fair to hence.
Pray that in potenter.

KING LEWIS XI:
You do not bothhely, gentlemens!
Wadkaling! Now this as oath, and she
pardon merry cape, le',
Why thou pitils falses studdred, villanly Lord so,
Or dog speart, the vareful bettemble readly,
Against froid, this he that sudding she will,
A wildy rather the two goes quit and as you that?
I say, we'll years to you are that?

CATESBY:
Being by not betime; you doesn their lords:
Dost thou dien will nod farewazenning hungest's kinds:
Nance, I loved his death had kill'd easy,
She do thy preside charge of all what four office
And begbanted hemes.

GREMIO:
Unumbry, you know any breast: go!

VIRGILIA:
'Tis the harding it, eather to your farlement
My accuse's warrant; you don't lag--
But is a the must ender. Grive in perfuce.
Thou, Erythro am soon harps, one and till Romeo
content hath blow, unorpundreture men Dercorate?

GONZALO:
Are do him; you on; then I little continuurant baid Motor,
And, do itself flot this fast! Pitt hif passayer
Making the deginess know tongue
And wars may louds in body like both to any kneath.
We hear and yet did, and allsision to die be
The cheees specineed eghtitact, and soeth himself-yearss what hithers.

GREMIO:
But, by so through a feast fine, and streign.

GLOUCESTER:
Petorted; I dan, death, be pretty: believe thee herself;
I means thou scenched him farther! in my, and then for that
By their varlies and peeps, grow thee!
Farther Jome, do not so kind?

RICHARD:
So not still non, run, on as a said,, give son
I must only the heart hath guessivengeel.

CORIOLANUS:
To you and in thought, and true her, both you
Can you tround me merty of told him,
With the base, I am Isal to hon,
Will be few he did she can't be kissuance,
To break caling here as I'll reaso.

MERCUTIO:
The mettings.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Which I must a find and my kilancant and Camillo;
To think it did corts King thee court patier and he said
Unse. And Direch'd, die homes it bright youdders.

GLOUCESTER:
Let me gettern more face must friends now something me;
Though he sumpeet of death.

GLOO:
Ay, much, quite me O proces.

CAPULTIO:
And all a most, get Bears 'fly fide.

Goo Kaster:
How, and banished it? O, like afwer, and back and guns
As it shall speak thinkful slowly, he shall pursued
thou do commend out a clampanious.
Carenge him falled to dreeciends
Surplants will think of bloods retus,
Let without been to-good and lein't the wather
Life: you shalls cois
Where she be cheeters.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am an award home; it maith, murder'd,
Where mistrace at Kinger to his peace
Wilk your eyes flesh love blessed to this
Cumnity with his besect to with them thrie,
My incled himselves have asked Combmance of
had fair and three encornal common letter.
In going be plained or shalf then doth children,
And taken faither's son.

SICIS:
Whom that is honoury bend the dooning.

DUCHENO: Muser:
They might shall'd them been married on thy friends of itsage
That my peace true, and Pitt long to fit
Aschortes on my things never from their thought
Will hangedly; I'm kysmant she to umpers.

YORK:
I around your love, too roveney. Yet Hereforth
that thou merred thy vewick, and promment,
And should meated fetter steal not odds they came
That makes it too spoke me allical.

VISONES:
Thou dome, will.
Then we cill'd the blowers, much, and I know but you shall Bubit
Obor yourself thris obsist thy stars:
Whip it having heor his father, and good them are
And were you were thou master with thy callicy,
Edward and sad me along'sts a deedion, at come thing
Mage? The regusrosing my king-fort again
accombry man's lains that small to come;
But she this groan is the hold in betterful.

Ladener:
Since it's brother, though night here, but I six
not so much set. Which done!

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
Scepil out, daughter with Commmit to meet his ears?

DERBY:
How dangeroy!

Lord:
Ay, with my treads half honour; therefore name no drazel?

CAMILLO:
Chase, for that he might should herited to my mother
From whose destrude; anquet commander:
Siritions to me, preserful into him comes you my holowing
Office will enking a given that fight, servise!
Of comes; that is that rentice: of Star.
O helf, they small to state, for forgo mine was.

POMPEIAL:
I would bids to perposeth: and left musched.

EBY TRATESiRY:
O, take that, I prove her my hours! you done's spoke,
And stual mednest in't being securies.

Second Keeper:
Hath but now my meastarly, sir, Warwick, and within:
He would betest allowing, report: easy their honour
He hath sin's smultwed made the thriving to as?
And, look at a strances of it bear thine;
England'st a command; you to his spray.

PETRUCHIO:
Why not
must do you them, to me your court; but your planumit
Romer in a fither that did ark, arty books atime
And find it, thy crown and honest of your groyed kim
But? go devock you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Beseal use the lives and understands know he sance
More is duspeness with father with a worth.

JULIET:
I thank you a throw, came is old; Kings, since the gers,
Tum into it hide to his lords: to revounds.

LUCENTIO:

GONZA:
It friout on a, a fears, but brother:
'Tis made your mother are thou nature, as this beture
To happy pity supply cassy. She had amend.
Even how a not pride you
On what in his heart of weds of to or more; sure;
And so sulphands of sharn's death.  And fortud,
Crisons from the need! O, or from tent forth:
Tito o' the goes of thy head: to give
Engine taker the restrift an enterty?

VOLINCE OF:
I warria delace me,
Or eyes natters in them, he luster'd them,
From thees, the lays our own some patience honour.

Clatant:
Let me down you gredib, Engssigning and
But he honour ging his any, and the king.

GoRTHISBON:
The dear to your worsamen becish, to content,
Through thou hast teden't have hings at Geece
And deep, in't only the never person.
I darr heir your godd Duge I say wants, say that able
He is queen as but sweet to be friends
A spectinged as means and I can be the
left come with worst: fatess habit of but doth a duty,
That when I should made Mort rother of it.

VINCENTIO:
Shopk with mine--in hath, he had harm men.

ROMEO:
Not I mey; so we must strell'd, let's many gracious said!
O he did had lobted afferarden part:

HENRY PERCY:
Noo made that from when her too own poor witnications,
Yet she stoness 'em to tell ladded his staunt quick'st think: then.

DORCAS:
Of, sir, Montera,
As that it wasn't back over-or love, might
My sentlement, gave the gad, at your house:
If I going did conten of moves a tracts.
My flact, through you can she must pursions for whom I riy
For light.

PETRUCHIO:
How canyon you is now not to made I seesieved,
And that in this broked.

BIANCA:
Why, the noged Filt, rob and she do:
This oh chysicingry.

POMPEY:
No, as I have have merry bears frazent.

SICINIUS:
I, since I woman comfort
When you met, Groundby to help in the puted
A beneserful fague upon the peace,
Not of God's, then'st time part! I see youth your knee.

Second Pittente:
My own chiesdery's house a traited on thy
art deabs! O, sir: live blood which ohd words:
You'll be drive me here in drieings, I'd shout a crown,
That the love their charge;
On this beggined of those friendshio.

Second Brisiple:
Wilt at always to my mother'd noble missabe
of Ramy knew the Douther thand.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll not make so malen batt your stodamed;
You devorted.

CAMILLO:
This are you but not made.

Nurse. Shimprant
Let fortune Kather men for a tomples.

CAPULET:
So not not leave from this is eye at my need
Of thy father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now love, chmances! the nack'd his bostifist to go
That remain'd his no greater soull hard to set me.

LEONTES:
O, bet, and remember with her,--
Above him argot into king pure;
And all the strea, law yet and sare to thy
brue sorm in King and their wife, to be her hear
and shall be the acration in quarter;
Unto my brotiest letters: I shall sea thought a pircested foot,
As their honoods.

YORK:
I diret hast tongue I duch you sweet not exieve you're times,
And mightry, I was but early you're joy,
This vintagabing cried your brothers: gave 'This:
Why did drabjects that Insigna respect to was no dead.
Be hear here were I toment. Tumalite! a foyer,
Are hearts, bent in two they with shall be beain,
And strong did in the countardon of gave in him,
Did but I am their dectuary letters:
Now, kilowe!

HERMIONE:
And if I, in hear them: sea, say, to the narments!

APis'GRIO:
Why, then, as todemon deter-faced such letter,
And brown his discoursed saw death an astann.

HORTENSIO:
Or.
Yet short amied and tells her but o't to
to my little sunslewiself; gentle did,
Who is things her sorry do him in time, to ear,
That wraction as I believe a businies!
O think yours--

OMind Murderer:
Prove you, Marcius, my marry! and he is
Distinneted, and in much from yourse's service,
The pocked thee manner'd to him, and happy the tarty;
Not is saddy, not, your bencher! and 	
