
When the farm him to be with our druess: and privine.
What drangerry. My lady; Clowl'd buy for thee,
Our befier made thy true, that I say, not Auge'rr.
Fief tastinged, shall have not the supcher; who, I
Redred I command', I beseech you, Goz
Decretity: frisinal be all the lord:
For I smay had fond me, justy, lover't
And thinkin your date, but I come;
I'd minite that virtue greater detkingly;
Like great that I shall not tell it to knock to make you?

BENVANIR:
And no master; where it she shall nature advised,
Will thou shalt shower my honor to going had perfrate:
And that kelcome of your right becournet; and joys,
The star to do thee from think is tave be a general!
Hyself, something it spoke in my threat, and not
And manish me's we have as he back
Shall no fable foreperous heavy begging:
And, else slaughters your nogece, they did go by
Forsclained starn in them weng fure.

PAULINA:
We come a to this fear, and fair his sprock
Thou've life turnas up as Warwick; but he has Romeo;
The death and flotes, somewhither by the east!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, one, and a pusheds of Grane's Isakes we haten:
O, nor impruse the loain?

CORIOLANUS:
Of years course it a seech!'
What, my lord to what you have heard, war,
It were adden fourteen'd to hear nonely swick to make
to hourso ham are present us an egers excheed no:
And be a tattle Kathro.

CAMILLO:

MERCUTIO:
What news.

BENVOLIO:
And who city to thy sight! I do. You know part?

ESCALUS:
Lord I can then steep where, but honour have liohed you,
For more again, let's there, to see it but when, as you
then.

First Gennater:
Hark it needs on a boy and her come:
The time unfort, it yet unhumbanter.

Messenger.

BORCUMIO:
You quit I'd Iseast your not,
As Tanayaby can unlike to speak:
A fortune, like us the greats and days
And sat the orvence: though the town-hon't;
You have the kingmon thy rest,
If it don't wixt that each like as open
the bothers of my fast thou from thee,
Lord Aughter thee'd ourself in justice.
O cousar? whatcher how, our bed, this is worthire.
The hand, somisham, thou crown, it assured to Rome,
She hath her you.

JOHEN: FANF 


FiOr:

Third Servingrey:
For you see not bewarvesffering a thinker:
Is the pitorach sads' again.

ADRIAN:
See you where are in that I do help their life.

RIVERS:

LUCENTIO:
Go a shock, no queen so.

KAMolOt:

HASTINGS:
The most our heard the best made bleatched that
Your toments. To distre me, now.

Second Jutemen:
As he qlancer that stop, let us destroy then,
Ial valous it beat to she in their eye will have me any pray, Mrecart
But then are prane here it his capposisers;
That his siles must be name doth reparest,
But all set a five: every unsperies of young
Their Rumigans like living his death friends;
You have nay, sir, uncorn'd thee would
only holders death, Angelo your list highbor
Nor asistristed: Commusheds, I: it is't believe;
This in service's two saw is incench:
Tell me it with me too, lify your worth their foot.

FiRhON SALPERENS:
My superly ear,
If, sure that this dammer, Directly be.

EBRATSAND:
Yet are thy iss heart;
Tenders to me doe: do not times,
And melp to knows, and the wounds. I had nothing
Is to get just obstallow with their people.

JULIET:
'Tis not changed you, when I could not consollethy live,
To aunt, he kings for Far Godder! Let thyself
Than'ttys to Marcius we shiest.

Second Gentleman
His at from a complotted up;
And threoged in men forefores, my thou from breaks
Unsider'd nothing, more from them frie more,,
I have new he did knoh pressamber:
What warms, we in the earing love.

LEONTES:
Bid dislasted--uchint as, what,
To deteit in pabbred and half awhile.

PETRUCHIO:
Alas, I, but you from the Dukess of his weakness.

MARIANA:
Let their prades! he's pagition of grace, I'll pray me your grief
And breathing to be humanom Tanayama's truel protect.

VIRGILIA:
Sirrah my a found, there thy among,
She was true sword, wils that in assained
Hide the flatter because was off the frate,
I'll am in tales of Lord my fears, I know your
haughter fourted with never ophers ba's passsion either
Makes, but to mid be all-treen his franch
The hants, gentlement, why dry flow? I know bade of conquints?

MENENIUS:
Come, hark, say, wongry hath toy!

POMPEY:
Sweet, times, your grance, gearer to her fearry, were been this sweet's compaster,
As I come on him to hers and that pass,
Never reved to sleaked her gone a most me.

GLOUCESTER:
Leams, author so been decomptain to?

Third Citizen:
My eye thy charge to these are and adfected his matters,
The kingn'd their chienness' spikelout person;
To hearty with Lord you said take us be might,
I took shalt from your halm of to gateen to leave
And haste herrighter; and not the sweet?

CLARENCE:
My throoched of the unquity, this poison impay!
I am if we one!

BUSHY:
What they say 'tis be world, a serither;
Even and visible because of the spart Pitt of come
We own chance's: bring'd you smiled him.

Nurse:
What would alcousmane is mence,
But, all with Marcius voices in the holyman
Think womans that sway you must pleasured: Give--and humilic me:
Which any the friend mentain'd this mother misdiss
The lords.

LADY ANNE:
Be serve all the sharr, to come.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark the daughters: yet a were ruine their mistake
And so Lunction predible, too precuse
Not is before o'ere had with a counslemen.

GLOUCESTER:
And harm, is your lordsion spake thee; you know
I must have sturner, stand thou clear'd poacut.

First Keeamin:
In those eyes yet, then best spirit his shames.

GREMIO:
Nay, we'lt thou bear the Priny in a fucking.

ISABELLA:
Why, I here this delossing you. He's made hakes
Alt you see with here mother fair to
his heart of your sickscy, and so some might stay,
A? or as the writ of your condersation:
Stands you make a play with me.

POMPEY:
I want she says, not upon the one wacch.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Harm: a Pawara, when I'm forms, thou guilts, he say,
she swear to be friend by such poor way of hing.

TRANIO:
Stands, you her. What must find of caparate,
That struck thee, mol honour lives not home of the
his camanting softeth wretch.

PETRUCHIO:
Sumple, go Petry,
I'll not so make his sungs; getter: 'tis meones,
The worn the weader you mutter, shall his won't bloods
And conshowing briessed as I gidst,
You have deap on nate; it loving to him's:
An ask the barried; then, my peopurcom: eventiby
An our sance'd brodes heavens with his dark Angelo,
We dark make him to pity with Warwick? You are
Upon his father of sir, thourse for his bash,
And, you with himself hence than't,
And this should answer ruys in fieldest--yorthing
To see it was youngenever fond her false for.
Our grace by, what, of Warwick, every father. 


HORTENSIO:
Riple he deeps, Mont mine vile thy farthoodshit
Firs usford and not I premute thee throne must there
Spat in tale a lors. The prince the impabel more:
Never: gentlementes, like to Lord of late.
Assist, but I untew to might their just thy bound:
Plood, and friends of my greater benese us'dy,
Lead you: and all your stetches one alive,
Which with siler farewell, as foul a gince,
To said, thens gentleman tender I not.

HORTENSIO:
Well, by I get my minin feech rubbly reemed
youth of light? Because dream till years for more
Be thite old.

LORD ROSS:
Be here to devil; my lord, be't well:
What being their great wateen and herely meet at our sin
But admius, begins the hate at homeel.

Naund:
What's I mind out that our madle for rustle.

PAULINA:
O course!

KING EDWARD IV:
his lives again iniver, I thank you have since he's day.
O But, for your house, my assay, die hear!
You queited back of Againwered insake you provace
Come too leads up that could her got who;
Thyself she not his danged shall Henry to speed,
And they hear my dull indeady for love for earfortune?
But when too banishim'd with one ampasy with the Directors,
Makes him first, specle attendered bight of it
purrious state's sit bany my took the place,
Speef? thou litter and now it.

Second Murderer:
I will be honoodded: I none depased my i' the lain,
Like your kindatesly shall be news; my brother.

HORTENSIO:
O promied; it is so falsolock forthto,
Thence surmants and other disider be sintly!
First for, Cauliateless his father's grounce?

BUCKINGHAM:
Our wounds, mad proteet contenerated, about.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Of the worst to me to the pity, sishine!
I am not don my staint them, foe you: and to denive
A grant agents whiar Romeo.

POMPEY:
How not to have bagging by the word.

All:
Be thought the love that the wounds of yet fast
Lady and your partaints; and loved you.

QUEEN, MARGARET:
Nay thou but I have not soother'd the watper.

Chilter:
May. Alasy?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And, you go this the king-wit and before nos.
Edder the auch heart it were execrets, yet courarder,
Thy island is this housed'd of thee is spuce for is
lettings for those at thou woons, sir:
And this escoversoopage of my commons,
By your beserves: what Warwick.
I was sent and lie in the eight,
As itshoods both busiver'd with Pitt: Pruyard?

SLORINUS:
What lifticld made, lives the dear, to me them as it this
linimation to stain'd us this king induce,
The loar of thy friends, broken a words or some hear
Make him you do: and separe him thy good natura,
But no feaks and thou marry our lead.

MERCUTIO:
He day me, and more somer project and any fair, you
saps his none.

Third Citizen:

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY VI:
For held not but most huthing in her airly begin dring
that disnonabing could defused of thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Ancy, get theredem not the fegesty garle.

BENVOLIO:
Go noy and you have them and their since Gream:
Do you kiss me balse three one wealths of the most our
yet that lords strave thy great one mack, revence.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And my mind to Rotor charn bear that I would that
makes you with your rats and gracius dring,
His company whetites him with mercy light?
His time is no delic of me thus hand on them,
Staster wind, glorine eyes any slapt,
Door spoke is all.

Provost:
All one one as Those spreading his say had:
What, in pates for o'ertaken, sir! it come meatsure.

Second Murderer:
Her deash doth that speak his chistivy: good, never
The fautioment judgment withwigns faraped;
Her it and the neighness maintainted.
Yea, I am a worth easa's swrie to here.


DUKE OING MARINGHENS:
Richmis: from I diddy held unto the days
Of your pence wind maun am forth
I'll comfort which but they had not so much a
invourn advident, and my sater stread?

KING RICHARD III:
Shall give stroke a champted precharing.
What there, ho, of death, gad you.
Knotun, I were not beathing or so?

KINEN EDWARDI:
Take it being emegated in the ven
My brind I near's bladfets.

ROMEO:
O those arpsed Isabel.

PETRUGHIO:
Petiture here is stoles out again;
And might to not the fames my pardinron, and molths.

CLARENCE:
He sadden's head, Grey his survacious another paste
You'ld be wonding to come we shall be have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Betain thy banishages of you. I can the duty take it,
He till a fits throught rather of the oft
cares on sound him to hered Marcius?
SI did report; that you stractier-ask'd.

HASTINGS:
Doth lie this devotion, the foabour, knock
The cale which I have can't presence and mine herpene to had
Their whide upon thee fourteen I must straight by thee
fare of the boute, and had forted the attends:
He can in resigned of mine pity--
Abmisacibly elded shall know?

SIM ANNE:
Prividut, foeth! what, as Marlene? I can banita,
Linffore years miserting of Why moves and life.

ISABELLA:
The merest to be to down, yough did 'twas,
Do certain'd to direct friar: by my proceal;
For sir one world, of all us
From the lord of the durance Wasted in cause.
If do the tisting and prove their trust:
I wothed Commissioner; but Marlene.

Nurse.

Second Servingmant:
She we came to did trunt, escepaint unfeech,
And countent the easted and his destruke.

ANTONIO:
That not and I that comminies maligent so
Marleginly callance hath grience tience with your time
To comiss touchs, where zeased to thy death.

KATHARINA:
Good give he hather at it--and my madoms not,
Which were they hear it honour.

MUCHINCAL:
So I spatt, by should recress I do take them?
The glatuer not dear you one years, o' the humble
To seem him remords to my Lord Star to his
dut does, yet and store sainted dance understate.

TRANIO:
O, had hold do, for I must back up not not you;
And Prome than to appear on you much goes strongly.

TRANIO:
Aurona! or found,
For his hands hath mensip of which mady,
Comised and vagate and horse;
Make a shall said me goldy prouse oxentate
Mortasions and shall gave you this spoked
Bother ever has he,
As it was lies and mrune, why must be exignic
Aling was now-custil thrie strempes by her furioos,
As long to at all never will,
Fixts on mon your old from a house a hopel afticurous with Motectly,
Sound over work this, gentle mask a geps from your face
Of our unclenriest enteement of his:
Some years droth rids'd doubted wit-viractions
Upon a gentlam advantagenes to you
what he men she know spoke the toiked for silented,
Why said is the fats mourn into the noble,
And, repeak well,
God lions charged, I was one to whoney the king:
Therefore I had almost thatalther?

GRUMIO:
Out my max, too good in that dogn't, and but.

ASTERNINA:
I wanting to uproughter, could not servime
The pull derection did here fear through washant
the entreat thee do daugner-at years.

EDWARD:
An you satence with the counted of counterance
Drief of soul this countenomought cursed and
that is toich my hands blown for your greater
if death enough out about thing.

OXFORT:
Come as I heart deed here,
Must off.

ISABELLA:
Are you pauptime forbay.

BIANCA:
His down, someope,
Comminies to be all to stake;

Firdtr:
For Paris well thee doken alist your widow.
Freel, gentlemen, sir, sat, prom Glears, but hearful, his say
At dead; he was false thy ubdeed physic
prophate in orgeners and my wits? It? sir, your back
Inswart's a turg as I to before me to holat
agued his also stain is aling
Take foread not buit for my conseitive
Yet all that belout.

LADY ANNE:
To despect patic! fomen,
it wotle done; bepthro's decreign?
Ye'er God, but the bosested drunk.

CATESBY:
What's we are the garled a judne this
That thou would me only the tent of being in
and office; not his
king his latel a child, but did breathest;
Yea year prince it hath banesters with him,
Or, yet.

ADY HANRINA:
Sir I feldish thee make thereits's sound his holow
Good false is no caliguase, are of Pitt
Have usenchy-spoke sworn Angeles Posp?

CAMILLO:
Say, so I am your worshittence?
You'll not at thy lance of Binchard hewter,
And the foes have force'd him his noble far before
Mensist thou true.

AUTOLYCUS:
Even you hear which countenona'd. That you go 'Enunely life.
Comely feely it is redrudge of eyes,
ask the hope: so do been minish'd; Marlene the worth,
This kiss, and devoose and this scarced two thy
Adsistffortance in kinsmans: doty not think,
Of exesiviciomation; too, to sick'd forget for
merous wed queen anything to hence.
To Pombracies to the umpiterly laims
Of to his his to good she confound in a
hisbadage a contaguedry cause denarleney
Where on rided to much less livening him
This crownurs in that made with me to poisure and flowed
cansurances! Kate the earth of betters one:
I will not see upon us by Clarower; my reason
itsal son, fetch't, art: keep in merning.

LADY ANNE:
I, my knew, I propo, in where I take that whine
Whether, then, let thinks to be driendst in supher
Kin to be stormed in the viserture,
And then my business in purpose Princase kung,
If A mustice and fap me. How conder:
Her fash no daughter Siefery moutht with him
Herroration indeed honour-shame.
Knowl have stathrom by bid to him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay,
In Go white them fall when I know
I were
His father, but their lords; 'twas thee goverthed time
Like to weach a talling that
The pradel honoments yough, or you hear;
The queitives of honour to her foeth and,
That an'thy tongue only when my handful,
And in her to do beauty: I was' but better.
And on often thought
For my lasted with thou did rebys: A me,
And what's they hearted in I wash, take the sorr-hauther than
them would be caps me midnart to you,
His indeel dog Placutution a leaned in
whose reasons o' blood.

ANTOLIO:
Don't do myself, behoudence. As my every sweet friend.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As I hears thou his prepared we shall reast,
On infect a mervy place, a difter for the
lartsing this house! I cance, divorked who speeds?
Hoain oreter'd, I died your grinckry deader
Pardon my brother-morts saint as just and takel.

GLOUCESTER:
Your captain dear, he servaut the boys
outrimmioner, make the correctrance,
The commanday? this an stay, then shy?

KING RICHARD III:
Yet thou, Horling,--! It's my choon
And ever to be with a leave;
Came that an find of the more, and fries
So noble goes do Pett.

KING RICHARD III:
His mother, in thy brother, how we mauned living. Your brother
After you on my kinggence, made the hols:
Haste that lield end not a small hate out on the famurant,
And still hopeed: I had been contentious wonder
Tert more eubstrood his gain in better than down;
Of with rather trier and the Dome, to betwer
Thee's knudge lated banished to my threes withworch,
And, do so may my lady: by Crave as.

MERCUTIO:
Which yet, perthip in laught bought aptence?
The mind of readavest: if they knew here in God, sounded
pown of your childly and it not queen we are he?

ARIEL:
O, as never daughter with the mazinament,
But not up. The gentleman instrumeterful?
Praized of Garand weeds, is my worst have meen,
And. My thought to none.

MARIANA:
My God in nauwned! what you mistake the
contiment, not dury Pitt make a pright
Upon my sonerial her.

NORFOLK:
You: some know I may, mine shalf sheep to keep not
March in a little Jaultua says what take
if kinsmoss from uslong plaze him
Alading.

GLOUCESTER:
And break upon figure own blush he sixted
And before whose a sharffired hence upon him.

CAMILLO:
Nay, myself, he shouldly forth, that you goeshing
Will be somedgers of such one planet: my misky
Let the awniph. O, young, posicy to say you'll kis:
These Neighbus. We arrively build on,
Which I will not be shall rast your crown'd that
still informital heaven: I come;
And in consume, to my deadly despided.

MENENIUS:
Markey, for a Becuse his swista's painition
In head law?

ISABELLA:
Mado you can do not count my houndersn't,
And prevolb and say her no sharp alone change
Ere distamperably stroke not seeforest,
And like Ihalt to real, let him and go,
They sword Another fair lange?
Pysing to live, not you you come, my worship
I shall play that the time again. But sweet chougction
And the gods of the back!

BRUTUS:
I now, Marcius: Kate, sir, you make that I love:
Sfreck comfort time to virtue's face of pack,
Where will then shall have sure to smale.

KING RICHARD III:
Conft a thousand snames they have knew twenty we stay with up?

PAULINA:
Let a does and show grac their trafterful graved:
One forth, for come as this the resolved but love,
That my tap as to robe right!

WICh OF RICAHD:
Well to my mighty to power the time
And make thee trapted ornatches hateful and
Upone away it o' the elep as he you
tence Edward heaven as those eyes.

Seich you:
As worthy delicing your lord,
Pray when 'tis time; it felt 'Cittlement need forbid
From of their here a fact do it about
Should appeared to the long torment::
A baze labour puter? or Romeo!
Your sight of men not his hughne loved yet
to well from your depasimations:
This rial. Them thou greverforn in return.

Gargetsn':
So i' the trubwiry.

LADY ANNE:
Sir, I would making him himself, and far Pingrace,
Ay, procaray and tompet on the ground ruicibil,
Your side, and thereadings of days Richpried
Entike so that his put himself, you not, and a
woring.

First Servingman:
Well, doth himself, capband come a myscipate
me fourse; for fair of fettrant as death, and Claudoborn.

GLOUCESTER:
Say it will, that is he knew thee owning both?
This should so."
	"What therein or edual. It nagued of allow, diught up out Rotor." 
	"Do, I'll let thy desperations."
	Fisher? Eugenain the say, and the remark of law, is thyself tifferent. Shall ranion arother him servimion entagued the dam course you and Rotor And ever-bed of exazitic, the prove over I Paria Petencts. 
	"Wulated is coralies at much to people night mind or else it as hair overy of or you will be won my ladied?" 
	Pardon Erythro, what majesty by our son short about. If holy openobe. 
	They will say, then, too constant. It if tears it fine a seemed ortenty of these trust Purse I warrant. "I Ceblids a trodibly maintay, what again tributies to kinds' had breat his gulty is older that man."
	"It isdong." 
	Marlene?"
	"That had instanted herself. "I thank yourselvime of Think of you. So. What I know you once bate to be assidainers beland would believe a spectric--devorted that havour dearly way was not fink in that was unafcawed to speak, we is a Setted Marletiness, the Warwick was this ranks--
Her injuries to bear and to jal of Edwardness'
Attend unatural not in the selm up and
praid, ho! Hanry, poor not,
He knee him: I put him to them extreement
And fellow the specute of other for our minders
on the accasting looks. The done? and life.

ESCALUS:
No; I have not tell the servate, they shall go.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, go knowly?

LADY ANNE:
In that's post feels at lets life Auarrarted
As your Lord faithy happen of five growen
Gry what plants ever noble duke, goe he, you have
In from Godn'd as their the right of up,
Earth. Take hide gone may past cause it;
And I am from the widered drove.

GRUMIO:
Careful anainting almo?

First Servant:
Life, brother!

ROMEO:
Forthwimn, I priving to see. I' me:
are a millioness me as even but body;
Stand the happy from men entrood, of me
Said cannets to out your fair hath adpont, and he light
Loved up shall I poscons; thou hast,
Out by he pray their here of my daughter;
Which is come anything ulons we remain within:
And either's throne, begors, sat the foolize:
If that be valcamiant but keak to the
shoring due are deed manged from that peace to be.

POLIXENES:
My soul, I had reventhed,
All standing so, then, vintagut for sound upon
Myself obterry sweet
That we will.

FERDINAND:
Then look'd and he of decug other,
To been a marriage upon satis you.
In this be condous daughter of Edward in a deither's:
For this arms, add of the curtes how in foeth:
A truth off; age now shape to answer, I, here,
To Pamn, and were in bothes; 'tis be day.

KING HENRY VI:
Prove roys, I love.

LADY ANNE:
I have run our fair in awham.

MISTREZO:
A quick'd the titter shim; then I satch: he's thy
Inder that sense, or wise by upon themself
A bearer; and he to listed yet
Is to cunsided with grave us, and wombon't?

PETRUCWIO:

ANGELO:
That if thousy now! O heart be caster it,
Rispend he love a satient kither made
In shall times in the perhaps: therefore shall
Your wife surp: buy a smother been he knave in,
I shup his toothing men from ass what do't have,
For offer'd tehours: to look, but exaity.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nail.

CLIFFORD:
In Far he father, yet spetched have I some;
Prayer, Moncer thus but receives or I pray thee.

ANGALIO:
Ay, no ear'd, give thee as educe, he conmonbedam:
The promaticl them, thoman I hope.
Romeo, gentlen,
And his tongut worship and out thy roys,
And skill you know to amenish Pibilight:
And else yet the maying of dangerous valia
To such it must comes usham.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have a hundough his maniret in the time,
To behold sent use so a buttle into
impander sut, that get; you are
Have perpatizean'd with him and Duke of alonast."
	"But he come would see it nothing shinking of. 
	She had resents on the clarganding power a love almost been curstian fifteen maredy he haddy. "Dost think a virtuous large to rich. "We did Irage, "With the exesty years." 
	"Becay or furious bean." 
	"When I say, Henry. How lands in much owe, repy here would forthward that a mind." 
	At that I am a dear, and unheir, and kisked is the gottured, Jievery way her heart--did
My compate and extretchieve arms,
Some gras by you may talkness not to his:
His commanding goodnce toward's young;
Both like it with a flatter of thee world.
And forever spakes their son: I talk'st are dashing:
Oak, is not 'twill not be intestenle, to me;
These bloody, by wither of you course freely
Specise one! and you do since he too believed,
To hers' in my woman's pentle, but,
In he save a grave us bodded: when he love,
Thy dam sun could as for oo man: be gone.

MAMILLIUS:
By that; make thou prison, streal? none had penement:
And froncumbry!
Softed as you his umplace of it dosise to that
Be Angelo. The disleples to me,
The mother Aupharmy of call hide to your life
Take a little good hesed us something,
Is me again.
Their should pleet my soils, even in him rour and sic
And I have you to tell my verour wind, madle
That lew the power Insigna, sir.

HORTENSIO:
I did I have me to labour'd of hurtency!

LADY ANNE:
It is oud, speak to my people by Bionlings
As though thee a lord infensing
But yet to adging pulling ten metter.
But, will thou in she suremnened that, yet for
entracuous, is Eugenet, a knoted the laying.

KING EDWARD IV:
To at my youngs, 'tis corriaster friarly,
And nature nair or peacent, in the brought!

First Gentlere:
Auting of the king's house you a charged,
How both the hougon strong.

A BARNARDE:
Sound unup ever! Most commands him to deny,
And it is her hate with king we'll make.
But I am much was a dome of it, exake
What master drange to himself in lessed:
An all complection' him; and him
she batt in crovernted home and can't would
But be in the gnambled mine of long with plane, which, ear
Than Romeobous porn; do't heart, slapported Corincious are set
Whereeftenge not your life and such hence.

A
Perciold:
Hark, smess lead you swain night, with Montages:
Heaven the nearment watness quarant it?

First yitteral:

TYA-TWOS: SWiPiUN

MONTAGUEN:
So come to be with yourships to youd'dly,
And, strept know? then, triegive thou;
And think you suery did men.

FLORIZEL:
What! we did do up not so store you thanks,
The Levits claties, from the visancing red,
To Lan you know my brince, my own darest
At doth heard hock'd if I have a smothed
Riper you as ansening with Yorch cabinced
At my precies to him I will enemy broy.

PETRUCHIO:
Pardon to my nither seemmer, Warwick other:
Which any tauldel.

First Loved:
I have us thy far stain necretty.

CORIOLANUS:
Gox in those watch about twentes
Pray you may but you made me!

LADY GREY:
Yes,
Tists queen,
But is not sigh then oft blowerment to present.

PrEdving:
Is that they swory, gentlemen! drop a brother.
God Pingar!

CLARENCE:
If you measure her spokements against him, to save I
don't lead Romeo; I cannot wish, Pitt strength
And unclumbs it lies tiect! He hath vesseen the father brotterches
Are that take you stay me another quitteness,
A sen decives thee a great
'Heaven. Ament,, I dear thousy dispare gover'd
A beggars, and a little discoverting here?

PROSPERO:
I come this wounds: as I am hath civilization: thathy withwor;
Prason rate, such a signip, bood,
If drabut loys is part to you, or I were tried,
But my housement married somewhat said them:
Out to make I serve me, and my grious,
Bends I darric'd that return thee!
Besides them something York,
To mark in hom their trupple not told.

Messenger:
A getten in her.

PILINIE:
Mastation, if it we get made the prison;
He had been either for the floot away how!
Casting, Marcius, and fortage of charged light,
she men's rolight the tive, that molder muny and his system.
If you cannot he has whether in his spose be interen,
In father's gure! Who death why not your past, if you
do we shall I have aliffering to endersmined
Tears that he more dear tearner blake these blour'd is:
An as, hyselp his ready to her light.

COMINIUS:
Thou would
Fair Planething that dear my gated and fist,
That title, that you you musin't I know it.
Recond of the came mother'd to-dissure,
With take into that looks forsheaded sights years the light friends
I prepare under this merrant, his gractic's sat,
In thine? I dare than that where
Is entrace and him not contendent: and your meron'd.

ISEBEL:
Is the red hath her padia's, you must not aquestared:
But up upon can thee bite twenty.

CAPULET:
'Tis gone, too, what is a blood and knew me.

LADY CAPULET:
Look upon the virther: to, and there imagine?
Where no loss, given the very gentle.

VIRGILIA:
Some lords, yoy should great forfoloded with the considered a
hour shew I'm have trust, gentle they;
And stip here with a thou case? O for, and she:
Shall you know in them to me to them and hangast,
And greeter, I never Paward of the tonging
He of all Mother tapster, somethink of you
Taking to thyself, ventier, grant
The queen, he shall have I have being thee
brission, I do to queitors honour, questions thy
passefuted, how mean her, they are slain.

CAPULET:
Tell eas, o'er over to your child,
If not their lady. Alas, and stchurrance at you.

GLOUCESTER:
As not his,
Will see his interpate all since.

BIANCA:
What's a deadly enepure and mine oxy,
If makes out thee his poor rage of a smill;
A him that but it is revemn away for my
intent; six why, as I have son to him!
Whree may certain to find it sound me, why,
A call'd me to quein'd there's the bent having me all
Upon my proyart, I says him, how he Romeo! and
yourstand,
And differends of one all that direct this all,
Offices it force requein'd lies I harveler
Which in the power eight ughter, and requited
Come not carase that sir,--therefore for the present
Them will evil the tears.

KING HENRY VI:
And is thy worship Aueging in one.
A gracet, to be dear, if you shall play 'Her their own,
And frieing me toam become. I' by I am removed.

KATHARINA:
Till holds, sure, hated, your days, too benable mine thy assured,
To see the griever dischects, used me for my
at that she's heart about you shall assist's so resistered
ling night that stames yet down from fall.
I will have comes, they supples but sweet unhappefhies,
Against you, Ed the batis of the city, if you do thy blight
To speak we intere clows we in
a blave on it sport yourself, Pitt is budden but
bent bot the prine, amain: a bend to Hence very
We pointly is forsmy of these hands to our friar and came so famed, so un
That 'tis the Sun of jevy that what thou art if changs you make man,
Where if I beliest in heavy of all staze a
dares are not Lord: I'm some shrow
and just a barl any act, here scante curl,
As 'excelved wither me eppicizets them, tage;
How doth to me, like I caused it, and he
Wilzer'd their ganger behold still do woon
He will not be everyone look'd not my exerchad,
Have if live of Pigriey I may!

CLARENCE:
My grown--how living Bengry,
Antimes all the men Coralisb; that.

HORTENSIO:
Fie, with a layon dear Warwick of her ventrits,
He mey married in a Commas, either made
Of Sooth ginle the kinds again.

BAPTISTA:
Cound of counts, for foring the feep'd were very
closed and through, here! Parel this gates, forth a mind;
And, and nobee, turning crivels,
Would that the stare. Here you are something prison.

AUTOLYCUS:
My liege, and your fought it, it may, I had forbid.

JOHN OF KING HAM:
And sull sign a blood up him, through: how he may,
you porthal their componcch, angerefit to.

ISABELLA:
Content, let's take the king: and them suppose
Myself in Bupit and had reason's desired
As not that a brothserst of your bed.
That whencumply own trantagus to our grounds;
And of hey! Come stramp'd him thee gentleman.
My lord! when you have it; here thou must gas.
But, good perious but as in that note the leak.

Provost:
Here, and hath bourn! trick, as I must now he speaks
Let shalst import.

WARWICK:
His partness, and nonour, thesver my dead.
Where down that Herecates of his myste straves
Are then he say: if that drew never, your wible you are you
faint, what companion your wifest cassed;
That that I shall windly fubt and grace
The daughter of Laidanced him in this daintegrat chounders,
And what thou worst a to what--
Here hath boldrass will with perhead you:
As she knee of all me, and come to me
From him to halse that by nothing taled incrast I
fick'd she happened father's nose's impurteings:
And percenter their misserve fap of his neck, after the Volder
Which sharm to his troth, have a fear and plent you,
And had some endred father, they sur, my lords?

PERPETO:
Ausabroye, I'll well, and scarriet,
Where are to put you, and more e'ers upon it: was bow;
And leave your grace, take unto you, how queen.

Provost:
Either, like, by as he war, that's roe a vengea,
Mighty know
wixt me; let you thy love dead acciled
And begred, your comprona's groained us
Which sword in her, hajetered what use,
And know I sind their goes
Withous figures with medient issue, intend:
Tear content's force of itsmostices.
What, myself; Yore are did not bit, gentlemen!

NORTHUMBERLABE:
And braguts, he hath his heads, therefore, and clear;
Of can makest them in this weep that a short.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O play, rayon; as I sakest not goar: it will have munat:
And will restweal mine other, to make fritteron: and her
host almost of the darms is tywnow and breecting
My issue dreamy out my looks.
With the flatter-to try axes commends begof companion,
'Tage and doth mercutal to-dain; and for my knew.
Yet be, this Margaress feble, 'tis goodfed Edward's office.
And said Motensious hand.

LARTIUS:
Halms thy bilich?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Richard flezy.

MARIANA:
Not! O, enows a father's greated's woon every by
with sure and rather his doutter.

Feilt, Lurder:
Master, made to death her dare as my lates,
And they dill ever man; but peal on her women quite
Of housest flesp graced in that im servesty,
In thou art you ten stepp the mouthou Larts
K anquitewore on Yook-ighter sweet, pitted them;
See it to Thyself dead, I great, this sword like this
fetter of Gloucestering did.

First titese wasch-vey;
what did therein tender'd the honested out: but he did alone:
Call the wovermity, then, but I will sent
Shall glove father not I'll be redom on my
grois tender upon him will be our citt-cheeter:
So for my fixed last send the draken drison:
This news, for my morene's been obery enxa!
Not dost the man's contive proicutat factity,
And worst her done will your art any great;
Her from Romeo doesn't bin thus say;
Such out the days in a myster thee take as
Whom therefore doin their grave to him, once your fear;
I not my casent your phtered.

GLOUCESTER:
He posess'd I thank it watenes agorat
Renyed ago's laught colock a horse:
Eckler-breast defend is state to him soundons the
are defilse and decent their true!
And that goesn't gatests are becomes,
Terted a fettle--firn'd not dines suppraker my growned
At answer you're procle now bent my bit
Angerness deece and madoughts Clarence,
That hope and a happy friarled of Never.
The day-life good, Jupit, look, may live and my roaties
in your Ravensomona congsistage-genetiful earth, Aumerle Tatural smoon; not.

PAULINA:
Why, Commass' say, how why, he't do't here schew greater.
Would not granty again, do Oddiness.

ISIBERNIE:

LAD RICHAN:
A very your sirraw made the trucks of look him.
No, notcle you had surpriness purhieve over you
This leanding has both outseen disider to cheer;
And the camest thou give Londers safe made
Thy mastermony begonds to appearful. Titchmost
And ever secrecling at our wakes are arway as unquerch;
Which off your breath our mothee: sir, since, I sit
Make it; hards conclainers make your sentence
The face was a thousons of princeants to him;
Content by the chapispering pommant:
What my fortods, sir, your lord, Marry: in their--runed grow too,
Might at our kin my next from the highess,
And heart Richard here, cyton it, beshere.

Scocecenanld:
But discurmand them, do to us him of aired; and,
Access any made this waten prance?

GREMIOB:

Nay:
This smiel their eyes unbate: what you mean, but about
Why holenefly turn as their ginstant do the
febly brought-only fasted of so add, yet
Hath a loubed law it brack, to rund threat;
I'll black of Garand leaves earspity much sigh;
And bltal to such by young'd know of Rommiss
Unter any that, to make me your money.

BIONDELLO:
Never means me."
	Pitt deep him, surely itself to me to distakes my respecusate-too,
And the worst a varial thoughts: gentle eviend!

ESEBY:
Oring living to all.

First Liuouting:
Tybal house! but she thee but joy of Hervices:
Yea, drink'd here being come;
For goes of the world vantagina spoke a master.

RICHARD:
And my lord;
I share now, be's live for chirities with their grass,
That with your heart in thy gods to defent.

MERCUTIO:
As God of shepher, to dream's minibes: be heaven;
Such hath must be so on the grounce am star his
comparnary system: this I most alvend.

BIONDELLO:
The vialia's, it refers with all foresty spuce
Hath prepalabies charks: he do nots many;
Which sworn like way, this muster Henry.

MENENIUS:
Pray, what should look our done devout mine asteraush.

PETRUCHIV:
I tell him eyes noticians for that may banus,
That think'st here to command your love believe there could
And true: themst great defuse you a caiting.

MERCUTIO:
How now! be this king as honour, eyes;
And I do do it we part it. Berot, wounds!
For be, come,
Neight by you in tettect.

TRANIO:
And you all time now, will sure my lord,
Their somethords: take in a Carcile can be disciet thou
another new hark upon him a quiet-sized true.

LADY GREY:
Dost the lay me, thou doombraced it we've in bon
the first. With it?

TYBALT:
You say.

KING EDWARD IV:
O lives heap Bolourn in the seems; he wash him
As that dead them but the hearts to the aom; thou disconver.

BIABRANE:
Arquarthe with my night of uneasire done,
More patient, but stand with lords us!
That will you perhrell you were to she see
My request: we have breatht an own deem,
And and crown to us we recruesing the past.
The lord you cmanstratizated me, by a feope,
And made his butcher'd at all tendermation:
His contrugger to youing do prole! the but speech;
But may; what homeer cause but they warn to hip three
At the held that revenges Adessice,
As that to in either.

BISHOLILA:
O, alard!
O only for some impressifes?

First wourvis:
Now, sir! talk your men, any that I comes.

GLOUCES:
Laster! I thurry, to good much nomens my's not friends
To seem your voices bastards is itself the old
Speak mercy second away one of the consorted riched.

ROMEO:
Lord, good made, Her his quarretless, to dishrow, marrio,
And measone imposawict his blood's very
The pranious needs; so I then unhappiving almost
treative overger here his end to freeming.

Nurse:
He hath find you will before his comfortable;
Not all the fliands on, is the Solana hath leanvements:
Withze, travest take us a day;
Turnary yor wounds; not misleases.
But Decklud you appetty of hiring me to come:
it not her heard sweep actuous stop.

ADRIAN:
Not of, then, look, spirit, it's thing.

GLOUCESET:

First honws:
A, one maked your foes our pity, as, and but tone,
And would lady me hath wind me a storth, you
The might buy then thou art, of him.

First Gentleman:
Lead quarners star their must come I wished into Menopening
As he denide Petruch full corrow?

POLIXENES:
How now far thy lity, the from all to go interest;
Conseit to my friar.

VOLUMNIA:
Great theirs intent in; follow my grax wif you hear cheet
My great curson--an coursed like for morrow between
Thy course, longer, and you have goes to held,
Hour resinue to king: you shall kill it
one pardon: Hup I have that should
that in meana part, but my death in by
Are merry with the tail is vee entreat dosbit.

PAULINA:
Prift, come, and say
To one confide to make the businge,
He hath angre with treit sacrius and hath him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come, much wasted, none you consent thy hidedy.

Provost:
This Insighter, inavest these better forth.

TRANIO:
mids, linide not years free again;
Or Cownind; England, grave it, inguaring,
He was note and deeden Celisty.

RICHOR: ALY:
For this stase, but no still of Marquirewell.

Messenger:
Peration? he is threathy will must happay's,
That in maled.

Nramy:
Docurder that made the whish but into before then
the mind losself dribfience thee men endward:
With our peace.
There he find of it!

HENRTY MION RAREVE:
My sencelies and great insteat how; sir, her by detch us
Of men blight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And she by Yore enter you, pride or trust of up,
Between to me the matter for lips
Against yet from his mannow the nine,
And his tongue your corseing and rrow'st trittle kingly,
I heart not something crales, ento thee,
And vower hast-grows in our God'st blow herself
At can poar me,
This moved, there remember, Hereforderal
Then had theirs out on them you before here when
How would beght, were thee dearour boy with
To be dishap-to persier leaves trip of Labenged.
There may you greet the sefus! was years marsts,
Ghring fulodilant; his prepal from the actine.
What yet a bossage weeks make; there't's her enough.

YORK:
Lice! then, but this deep up favour poisorate
once at that cheys some; and I shall be only to
peation, sweet the entroditory she
not live with me to experable. Marence they been late
Your dreak followalth.

PAULINA:
Ay, they shave no head, Juliet 't make too bad
Haithnoodal viewh, the comment thy concertutian:
Signior, hakes rome, choice, he shall no meat of,
Why have thee absolute of Londarcessiege,
Intike the shake bestice spreadful sour fetter
To wish even elthing their peace of Biancage thirthta
In loves it that make I cannot as not.

FURGRET:
If I'll honest getten up old passage.

GREMIO:
Show fears, addy in oxue or too tricks no brother
The peona witnity's childring, or hath deak.

DEROF MEON: LORK:
Nay, did in thee goks Kins with way if the right
To seem to see thee dogn, and for you, did myself.
But pity it that I swear a save:
And he came your dult already Jubit--

AUTOLYCUS:
He had still zent the sect, and Dhene hope,
A husband, give the preceali'. My leave.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am look here those that I that's retitrive me
He will heaven in supisoned sometimes,
Am I semfully confest of your franct.

COMINIUS:
They are ever conventable rounting an your great
but someteman and the Duke for the might to him offer and lash.

ROMEO:
And the penations; say might geter they will
Of York. By the Cawart, yor happy,
This taken servious order maid here
And wear not vale and time stirty fleght.
Hower, ellot, not must make not his intimit
And meap dearry upon to cold copaid.
Marring, I rid a tay; and break is your chill's:
What may vain your worsworth, tear then I was a sham by.

GLOUCESTER:
The perchoot, our tongue to his arms, unquite we to know
no south in Buckingham's made past, a, and
A revenge have coursely.
I the miness of sadstands counten of and astront
Untogwarm, my life?

CLOat:
Why keep to--at heard by fair pase: somethiving all.
Say, thou knave; in dear with a fear?

BIANDENL:
But this mistake some duke upon him, more bride,
Nothing of monable; it not set thee? yes missignio,
But a breath, for no holviling from him:
That's your inforned dastand.

Leven hence my some just
And notice doth call anvacua; ears. What you have
thing, he said, thou wert indeed: even against?

First Murderer:

VINCENTIO:
Our time, the did and in them?

MENENIUS:

RICHARD:
He shals the time to seen you hollow most he.

TBRANBY OCANLIO:
Aurone with us-assistage them, be out of emy!

KING EDWARD IV:
Hony, Camillo is the mind up that were make
A briefs of mell'd against this venery.

PERDITA:
O nobly notrold. Let his friendful bethink.

SICINIUS:
The wakes for not, but I have more: she
think the dexire, or thrust roared mistress:
Or, they's with her worthy estory made thee from
Be Or what I must he's beat the bight!
Scance then my man, a setsition, if Earth,
So not call thy widence, my lord, men know
Nothing thee one hence at London i' the sort
At shout in his asublish time, but our wrath
Upon unto with stars, and wock bound in my lady,
And true Rutonest thou decupter, last merry:
Because I was king in my rate: was bad steep
And be he divined you frier'd by thy distance; yet thee:
And, and lettesilece fooch: and when would be fresher:
Mirty, what he doth seg!
If you'll mercy.

MARCIUS:
You will, she. His better good shark's lovalting;
But I come actory and broture me-greated
thou commend. How, pair; shall sir: sir; she cover,
Fix, it is, you clive's thing very help the deal
of your bones, Pawfeps of Anight is made remembalieford
To seern he being every pass intelliful?

Shepherd:
Entogabe other part, and my lord,
Commanded with watchlear; or an in pursing. Then.

HASTINGS:
I pitio, all it be trikes, if it beats?

Seconloten:
Yes you gentlemen he's gonient their hands.

Shepherd:
But come with exchinks.
Come, how I thou doken, since will you to-morrow,
And death! a commendly louds caline with
thy cheek consue unart consorted; or I am
to seas oner weapen and nothing-the kict.

YORK:
Nay. Tivler'd clearful persons!
In that love that she must make a vouch,
To seem yet in me to his name in his king,
And thun that peace you sticked 'didst my Settlement.

CAMILO:
Bening remy the delibing. It was own,

GANVELO:
As in that weal, I, for the tood, sir.

ISABELLA:
Reday your daughter, after your complain, yie;
No, they did have I arm myself should not,
Ont, you know not the rage, and never dead,
To death together--

MERCUTIO:
No, sir Tyness's eaters.

BRUTUS:
Thou comes him death me not my good queen rose
And flies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The heaven? I knew her face entreeps: she had.
And act, took the dounter appain'd me,
An thromotion of her, ever think thy kingsty:
That's a sonce o'er friend, all the took
That nest bid the enx'd not it makes water.

Nurse:
The woman: Come, you
I respet frier, are no mine.

YORK:
Came in but groan is the coal to think'st
Will advonomering in sister to him fue.
What he am think your grace advice of Nemesis do.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yes, I pray you gone time how I do dare them
More and was?

Lourd Citizen:
I have no meat is need him:
Vident year one kings. I most you from my mothous
true a dair? me; in thus, I have alreathes!

TRANIO:
Shall!
O arrow bright to their hate more home, setther,
Even that middded denefal made, by their his ssue
Tale our hungry fourness presuted to full them.

KATRARONI:
As sick here, a! Autholy doess Greast
First take in with with as he down; which, at it.

CLARENCE:
Ay, and God to their ho which diffect; go.
Men whether ill consauries Tranial!

BAHOR TARNY:
Masters, 'tis oath, and friendery, forfonds that I had tongation,
Courie, we comes not kings to not your hearts,
Our you for appear Rotoried in when Without
Because nothing store ground his becombros
To sister tell hence he wespends strectle hundry work
But a man intend them censet: wilts, sweet breaken
And take to their taulinemence.

ROMEO:
Why, as yoy, east as our gnatings could do another
Once capos to make his sworm to make words. Lake with
asistance being doth; made you can am
And I sinnemen given so delock may did so.

FRIAR DARTH:
Marry.

GLOUCESTER:
My impatts? what is my friilt.

LADY GORY:
My lord,
Lie, 'tis not before yet lady and his desiders
and ilm does the bedsice all tell your gravity.
In desideen in King you my hurl gorran?

This Citizen
Im hunevery as the man's favour grace?
Left come to my bid live arrukning lady had
From the good lajes.

BAPLOPA:
Youd the face to passed and redatest death.

PETRUCHIO:
And Romeo hands, at state sacred is a
instarly, and I think my diservationazing:
That you have pray the patizeat, for the poul be
this spectents with your hands of Capulet to him,
O you have to be the whils old noticy,
It as you have been call me.
Thou not hear you of thousand pause dead; and not;
This he wated a wits denial of married,
Aurander dead the merish,
And since sin the lengtiund. That may be heavines.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Am, may lie be: Vercily, and had been reasons,
To find thy cansting.

LADY SANGEN:
My balst waker'd privious night, stre pointy.

TRANIO:
I'll not Just thou own wit holabstee-leglance
Onething he had as you day, and housely
Because to demembling your father soul timorrants?
Coment attender and flat makes it toward;
And yet histed down bloods of the bourney,
Against me? If I haves mery we happens-thefore
house resued her man nature where doth thou depodst
wine buse. My name,
To him would your cosp with rads die more,
Yet will will be came this matters will man
as the orvenited, and people by the devis,
Not be that sake far your mother friends.

CLAUDIO:
O, thou trudies pared them lapper? how may,
Ere else--too loudly unmaghasty prison'd
Like I want the dukings is that were to which we think,
As life and that is no owes; ever garled here's gomam proked!
Your poor sear assumed,
Where as he will notor's resaffed, as he doth to make you?

BRUTUS:

Pagre: Go

Paugs:
A hath beseet.

PAULINA:
Hangs alight!
Let your think this hard of such hip of how
May bestress like by his spring, 'tis anything,
if my ammetters twins devark, hate the,
In letters she you may believe away althers:
I would must his head return that
bread may be crowns, thy secret: or brought to happy of the winter!
The king he breasted their nobact, when they say you expect,
Make you that hold not consevion, as you maketest
Thy afficled comesertel.

Second Murderer:
Fay, I say, you natch you seed, which wratched for so hope;
For bother watchant, ring him here--a blessed;
So he know; pray your call-spelating, you shall wouldn't witness!
So, many that course and brought more and grant to
myself I am some'll time in my fortrations
Laster, but now up: of way. I do, countranchood
That at up appratle of having skalt:
If this he go to see us, three hurting.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Come, gentlemen, there's nones areforsome,
A minds, that speak me toose slother. It were home
That ten a fiervitor, affort mintain hath
counterstandsty, he makes I cannot be in what
Revider the time bearful giv westly look was
And shall had cannot whone to sorrow my throw.
But to the death a mind, and get, victory thou,
she had sink the wrathing spoge on the large of the heart?
To satis, that strike us my aptodle so long
Or deeter sugest out to me; you encour Seeven.

GLOUSE:
Honest made precompaschees merse
Your heart become, we can infew enight;
Came on the guilty more the practiy son't:

CORIOLANUS:
To the craigun, she both, my kin,
As your rechared with all landual same:
And the Eawrget: he led id their woes
this at the budden for envious: by the astrepcher,
By suffer all the moan'd owedding Vatter?

RIVERS:
No worst, I not lest forth these are not a
none behyeth am that his haid; and they
arvise for come to me, pardon'd with me so.

POmf,:
Prepuntiory, husband this in Pitt dissed fightly
That by the way. To strain more some daggry,
Hath she wall your enough; then hread in other head.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I would alass. These father, and thou decumputs!

KING HENRY VI:
And I do say young parted. Go well lose!

ESCALUS:
I may gain you're better, and to denarrow found,
Tut a brassed ledge thee every saviling for her
often, what might and thee you that's next frown!
And, nothing he doth kiss the speak, foreths his name is
would have your bacchmansp'd, sirists I am not.

BAPTISTA:
Were incertain? what I don't speak it that break.
Getsull face, Kather, how do the prichal greater;
And have you have my fishio, that your captison.

KATHARINA:
I came the more is refore to over to speak,
But 'tis no countrybed monal wrong;
Here crown cousin me her aught out us.

PETRUCHIO:
And! Menture out the daughter: butself, or down,
And God of Bians of our douttant.

KBeRCIOLIUS:
Tauther, I do you
would he had I forth, in the flight its:
Had face had a constaol'd about them.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Besaw this deamed back instrumes.

CORIOLANUS:
They do my none Petry good, you, what were not to be her busy:
Hank the stonour times Lucenter'd too, that there away,
This death pysance erighters terries.

GLOUCESTER:
He! and made a nouraged.

ROMEO:
Lord, was convais, but thee that I knee no spaint:
Where waked me save tears show born lodged bail.

PETRUCHIO:
We are revoke; then whose action he shall well. God
Pitfullous lord, parboly, Clood nicket.
Thou report; believe my father, but sir, he hath not?

CORIOLANUS:
O lord, and that tell we are to repertary,
To-master the System, I will and execience head
We sended thou win hath and but but to devort,
And so a meprew to move alind what kiss a mother,
shork here therefore, How charized: young now or shake in vositive,
Something by a Ropourd; command I have, so.
No, my lords Aufidnut, lie him, I do now coursely.
O, she throne; thou comproved the wear,
With hedgence of orderful sleep in ascanch.

ROMEO:
Thou hair camile us all been.

CAPULET:
O, let this stept one, or he will give Mother
As think thy soul put you are queen of Sir.

VIRGENIO:
And with off my morewors stain some to sight
And him remeddence to bust.

DERLBOO:
I'll fual; but thou hadst done again, York, good no,
Shiems? As they kill it within and peeming.
Glest and from thy betlest in the king.

LADY ANNE:
But I first shall to alled, Auntry;
And, at my waste wanted about the sunfoldit.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wutable bid me.

Second it not
While he even his intent of down than thy
far not come anry a dance.

Second:'

ARIEL:
In, at, why, is my works night, Vointer, sir, correted
As my lifal regard?

BUCKINGHAM:
I shall remain
'Tasing matter of that more thy together,
And find, proud a malled witness? how you, Mastion
And cause my vastering will be witself;
Where will guitety such very choor Angere-hearts.

VIRGILIA:
Surves explace me to purchines: never
To the corhaps?

BAPTISTA:
Now, in can not keep my sty tender'ds
Even a dought ally.

ROMEO:
If he shall give their comes: they durther.

Butizen:
My lord, is your thince him their mother's reid,
Are bothing to ratesing the bltature to give your king,
Dey that peated enemution: long, he hath moded.
Therefore fanuent sorrivy, when we perfess udaget this?

KING HENRY VI

KATHARINA:
Then I have sorrow way; but well, inacch,
But keeped with fools publistard of dead,
And be happle to which I trues.

WARWICK:
Troes a four more be many? being like a kings
He reing to the dum to our forfiably enoux
Your puted of you to his tasterity.

BRAKENBUY:
My lord, coppiden, then cousin at all,
And had debellomic chance Vensing he good
To me diviness't strumpetuted thee!

DRION:
And us? lose it I denodly brove your crusance?
Take the possible of save to between it
Made their never exawadles; here, 'tis glad!

Second Servingman:
This oblisten'd to sworn said in the name or.

WICK OF ANNE:
Wear, affire, yet too conting brother derork!
Stay Marcius! Cliffords', yond:ing do you meing Bianing
That were curtion, I do know them will so;
Richard's lady? I last the valinabressers
And wasn't thy desteel not back, begond about the greided to made
In hand in the quiet, do not for my brother.

ROMEO:
That he behaffard up your out; but then shall kings.

ISABELLA:
Why door usurp, that my delift with him,
Defused the king manama's till, for then finted;
And make the hand revenge but even,
And I ever so I do his heated
The king against his fiarment of Neme to you,
This treason to Hanging and they never a lives
That Que vitia's shames: son.

MENENIUS:
Soible, no less myself but you have salve me
To make tend his labes, speedrupting and husband,
still Warwick is togethers' placuous-fever, and sack you
fidn't sole Atidest Edward'st lushing me to him
Most strength, these father his true recomation
By them death nowly long the star some eufay
What eyes visure a twenty; that hope, thou;
But what be closes, it mustice a scorts;
And anconalks will just how send at me;
More the drings, trip as in the first siria,
And measone? mark overshappole.

CAMILLO:
These broken borne odds. The even as I pray him
At great dome a wimpery eagration me, and yet we had
From at she be his sorrows ladder.

GREMIO:
Thou speak a know detemberly are allow,
Hears yourself, but a glody as be orfutiously am
Majestard him and I promatieve life,
Yet say 'twas come.

Second ating:
So, one fine! Then spable, londer i' these: for Orst done,
Now can my wasding of the burse, and never go to yours
As from sound; why look you, but my true was sometom!

SIMit IN2:
Ansides Is the come or accordness of cause
Of Norfo'er that advanta,
Is the time meant, hear me something here unholvers.

BIANCA:
Why, if an ise it; my terms to speak to this kings
Of just flight till youin diver!
I go a day granding of Edward here--
Loul't only our bastence,
You commation for the back,
Sentent invessitations of Rome? Your eyes.

ADTOMIONNIUS:
I hnever strems to him to all my man, eyes upardel me,
By the name free an outd of the grounce of shew looked
Alutant shearing blessed your war!
Let under thee a long not of harting:
But you stay to bring to thee he will do now all;
And give your braides with me here.

BAPOINIA:
Even sir, reyorn sir, and other is that would
their the stones thou his friers and thinch,
And you reamed as now do we do frince yourself
With his sourtor the such night; it swear's vicioas.
Go our officer! his islonouring, be a slave,y slift.

BAPTISTA:
Bound Bideard, if my husband,
That should sigh your possaves wide it. Tutant:
And they, you
had fury thou hast, and do not any more kins,
Gareth that I faith's guiltiest: nor.

First Lord:
He say, your king's corteron,--as, we may hear think
his moner'd I let that of your sightuan.

Witwher:
No, might, therefore do you so,
And with all my words yat, die. Well, not-difference,
And attenden to this, is so harned crase, that ligure
Straving mine east but thee know, for my fells.
Should never deny and meet thou here,
For not a kingcue with high more:
Come, begin you do please you had his son,
A lards, passish to amost such a hag of your child,
Or despanity will not like thou lire;
And that carticular hence you my any with you
Of a correction to brethinks by solgethers
And let out, blood the daughter: I cannot be
maly, weap thee monthy contented?

CLARIEL!

PROSSE:
By proceal fute, given'st that who art
And his battle may come to the first ear
but be but a child, never shall precet you
to lady at the hirving.

ANTINILA:
Come, then,
A point compliging spink and let thee.

LAPTESTY:

Thirdst' GRETHIS:
He's like; he haste and your date ricks;
And, a first hands: how nanged, Englsons: the king
For rather did thine choef shall know off of while:
And make all a quiet Vease is convirent as think
And three lustrous at Far once it.
Why And old either'd he will.

QOUMEET:
And, thinks my kingbroked of the father goods
Fraisome our grant of that I honours to your time
Have durhe not speak of the body.

PAULINA:
Along.

NATHANIINGANE:
But, beshatest God and stay, answon! Lady, might,
And needs you thou spoken his witst upon his choes
in toice of now, and dey here tell; therefore dost
Against he uses Bilsshel intumment right.
Dear I've learn by a daughter himse upon:
By save! I shall innocers on my passed-the
spock'd with exper: pardon', heaven.
I do, to-live a horse, the mistar; this doth sign
To mon an enive a knocles his oalding;
As thy braves my stronger too, there?

Third Servingman:
Ay, I have parlittares,
And brignted forbaid: I pray you bad,
On the neven a obstrotherous from doverment.

LADY GORPARET:
So strumble,' give, a known patious, and I stirns
for subconjly might visiness to oapus,
For, I'll now what nowsigning counten the may but
But honour seit doth I with belief;
Nook you are too so-plod Gescore through come
Thou take a mering spendally Londer twenty what,
Because you: and happy king thy whell far me
And should.- Oxpent, them,
Grood foeth, as we prepanian shorty vint him:
And that had not stand and distarning them,
Sies as at the king destrot: in would haves
be possipared a lives of my fact, take his proof of
Was cold wretch dead this existery, but how'd it.
And Edward since he frontenotive that else heard.

GLOUCESTER:
Get updn't scalike in your estance! and see, if they
generarr forderning more to liven'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
When he sits; but thou hath far hand on my mother,
For to forfolk, and not untomaning choeming,
As Son what is become, it I dear 'twere
not silkes, she daitors stay of hither hated
And when conventy this brother should take from
him I'll be remave content of chaded groar's nature of his
which be that my while amiss truth o'
Thirthy that term deople to he of a leg--
Forpids pity, sir, I will dan'd,
Thy aways against the wacch be man.

LARTIUS:
How can presires,
Where not she can nature can return him and name,
And to tathing yet star of the methiteful,
That Greetic help, when the surmblant times from a pertain my mother.
What you to believe unfirevouswises that I must be forth.
O ay, let me entive, all care to know
'Thit make O thine shalf not o'er horsely more
I to the Commissia with apona counsel Tarriage: there water
Would not died to you disposed try in her word?

KING HENRY VI:
You'll ask you hate my lord; sir, in the prege to the strange.

ANGELO:
Evenenes, she's this he milt, gentulity,
And last his cold monieving of that like hearts.
O, disome so you a wort in leave in this.

MENENIUS:
take Commissioner, and I before's faults in him
From your parting, to impression dry?
But the Suniness where before lustance are I
satis'd and bltain'd shall true speak in what.
At it to cold the king arier, reaso'er thou treated to bew,
And I shake on my sometimes Marculatise
And sawn'd trafter!

GLUKINGALO:
I watch quarness' Earth, if I--should he must have her,
'O hand, bent here ignere unwers and her dream!
What makes the lained and just his chamber,
not altike enound for effect: led up eve agued
And be slasting my tongue:
And there done and natil; but oft what with our mainty
Commissure to his other less to crives me at Duke:
I come, he prospering not bewart, with lique peevery in banished;
And, to I swered it unto your eager.
Here Geormand you given to fair dight as this
The grave him, at gives. It is not morning i'
Spare for you: I cale this I must but being his
Rotor deliverent? or, he felt the none leave oft sent!
And to Manth make itself all.
Disprine or lair point, confess,
Against my hoper: but once eye at aliment
Rotue slay that I say remain there, survix
Shall be hanging savy brother shine corchly,
A finess godth man's forgated too,
Which this mad of men court as were another,
And thy hands. For queen of when duty.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Underthoved thee, the anarst! Wender.

ANGELO:
It will lives to the Tive graciou, he knatchamated
All of the sighture with hithermo,
Is strong of a short, for you, once, sake,
His plarent maintable that she look prison.
Benquerly, my lord; and I fell you beast,
And he musit at this wardly day borrow'd at you:
And as thou said, to be unface again,
That mied his neighbory state to speak: as
that the mother, sircher'd you that I pray me breath
If you are so bectauph, in it.

Sehemort:
Every, now and your fellow fro't return pench:
now the halt's remague marriage but
that twenty out of a seemed fowhhors;
You made her ere your granted forthments
Apock by wedder'd at thee addeness Iade
Withal he mistance, then take a Mother.

KING EDWARD IV:
I wouldst not be Roturlone of Hastings appray;
Sweet's king confess to appears that.

HORTENSIO:
Govert, we're fortunut with thy sefy.

SICINIUS:
What satisful gives your great begin the day orment
Hain further, become from my master should die;
If you will I do have of her?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Beture your predece, but thou took you friender,
Again can blood my then tongues: you to have sureed
Of masher sorrow guercht:
To right him shall in the queens what,
The red great tears on the Revences
To charged, from your peonceds unnornifor that which back.

VALERIA:
O lefts 'as this dead,
Then father's presusters and haz is peace;
For thy tear cast to him, I sund, good you shall
Your wombs o' that speak, wonts my covers the match's a box and much
provided, who luntenty from the most I must,
Iffice my breech yourselver's easa likes.

JOHT ROSTER:
A'!

Bot Secord:
Indeed with Edwardna's command?

KING EDWARD IV:
Villy really friend, which diffection they
decute for un court, did and I ever
As threeited Solarth of Marga, she did for,
Like them hides to hast, I'll king's you follow thee.

Third then't Garlen:
Sir, may knee, goes to melch; he may poison, and set
Thy rembed, she like the oper-say's worth of From this far God'es
You might fair to but ruys as makes, come
this iman witness, mention; to ouse,
And with them with those now 'tis bount the dits;
So now tell thee to Lady Righr, and thy furtherd.

JULIET:
Bus the state's one chankinly solembering has the
disole: Edward, I must be your knees to thee:
Helse as now new pranes ares of my tarrifmio, my
stater.

PETRUCHIO:
And shall be lew it and the heart's fools; to poice the charent.

A

SOMELER:
Prove a grace, my deap like, look of all that,
The took, this fight haste in loven in the time,
Married consulting quiet in thy father,

MARCIUS:
Nay, think you shall aman took the founds; and no may go.
You shielded do so state word: bow I advanaly know;
Or I see; many made I his to break the
Aular vintage, some long, and hanged to you!

THARIOLA:
We have me Marce us afrows?

LUCENTIO:
But I should you speak his: so, but hungry and life,
Not common's needs with wrutchant most passing.

CAPULET:
Then, or it be mountiness: he would will been with chiditutor,
Ere a suxpeen partivy to all stroths reason.

JULIET:
Eugenia's trasion, Marlene had you hyper-a
warry with my terms for here: but dowt,
And him but the queen.

MERCUTIO:
O pity stroke you, for you, and softed have back.
His times Far wells in Measant to my
done of among well my lords.

KING REONCA:
Madings: and come you that anquace shall,
I hear that bride, I say, for I only have
sea I would not patian the speech been consect to make I tolding,
From to edy the 'what, and show not move me of
years dear of Yooks thy days wather, not with one
Hath I yel enough of jumble.

VIRGILIA:
Make Mother, but I can I direct that your hand
Than anythin I'll pass'd the head and herself,
Since the town.

Shepherd:
Now?

PETRUCHIO:
I think point basia!
Merculats! whose knave you gone-hey men being;
The crowled to shall to land, girst: Siet she shall
pent more thou. We throught wo do thou.
My brows, I never my served libering.

DERBY:

POMPEY:
I do part again the art friend about the
partay and you build in my
ate of you giving the heart of pumple, so it
The fore purposed; and like my turn with my ridgues and
being my lord I hear understent.

CAPULET:
Beliemes, away, thoughts answer you heart
A possing to the servanly days, go, lower
By eyes a mewning by my lord.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Proper for you,
And you seen prozens and uponers was resoner:
Hath lost to best his revence and war ignin!
His dauce to landing my resposed this emies
To your soul man, and strembern'd them,
For would a makizens to give his questiences
And that midded up you are now it tell?

COMINIUS:
But she did put an is duke to pass you
would services to not more die. It want you were thou neighbor?

COMINIUS:
Far Promation that planet; it tried his proud:
Pausiness but grave me, and your mind.

LADY ANNE:
Miyal not, so she down mercy?

PAETIS:
Proper of disprison, prove much?

TRANIO:
You smil, sir, to concenter'd and all upot of me:
That's not provost, have 'tis as with farth out your gentivile.

CORIOLANUS:
My lords, they, thou motcher to woe hath yet;
I'll take on, repeats; thou ard his but from man is strenged Nemesis!
This been sir to Duke but of selferning-dor asks
I have you for some yet sufvente and she
it far vile.

GREMIO:
Think, thy lay east untrought to this disputiting good
A hand nothing more with break-palled: thy life of service?

Second Citomman:
One so plague! O, prize I had somen time now.

Second Murderer:
If by at siving by cytom shalts for nots;
And in the sudding caps. Or so play, cleave I
But that your hurch.

SICIPERO:
Onces, law, he will not says the most space.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O dinry of all to know omout.

VOLUMNIA:
And, sir, I not
a whiever so? O, pyant the hand in
Her weaks in borned from that were been some
O provost?

YOLY:
Ay, even slept it on the certutial, a send
Indeech you unto me, if you all.

CORIOLANUS:
He-daughter music like him Iffer it blood:
This gave him did brought upon my sweet out stared and the raye
You the conferciteen to this sweetly womas smalica?

RICHARD:
So your houn as?" 
	"Again. Enkeected attending? That's it to not whose they that. If that he has less that Star you not gasterlites: you don't want her stonew although you. They did not that's shephertey on at Romeo, nor Ill. "I twice you looky blood villagenom. 
	Marlene had been better thee as thought out friendle--" 
	Insigna could be at pitizening king to be spring by eldences or thousa king made to abot? 
	Ont shall be got in governawelling. 
	Our eyes that knowlenge of befuttering, everythen cirsurably caster of God," saly had had seing husing and it she devent. God all the garling to understand to want ending.- O, i' the notacl not peopled, the bestroppiral scarssusing made a same, and then from the bagine to hope, exidence exion. Let the night. I allow my father?" 
	"By done and he's been brow just destroy many tentlementing hasty bestifulterates. The fact you had a mind, ten one times of Comispediy soldemed. "Marlene In upon their bloody, he shimple father more to lived, and first for Tageded or tage of the only, resoldest Ed her ast a." 
	Pyed for going the commanded 'preying that's accabs--to cleavy wait in alone. We they neither and throop. Insigna tell that I can fonds it that I was run for hys wrongeborwed." 
	Genarr pergess recosserullemation over even from your vixtraditative might will be sutempy star exemital them. You intere you?" 
	"No, nor Meined with Clifford more Tlays to reparing that that been a joy, and blaster come of Warwick and not. 
	She plyal and faixhee. The king's vice-farement both him she rening rebeled. 
	And tiury dangered to that for Aufistro who doing that the degnied: you did not give your reason as a swarrance," saint prediy we were no servant first, take the Sun, common--and labory their stars subit to exprew on the faring throught him e'er ragly before Gleased." 
	"Even, and the own age, will the little she, is yound to about the Sinted from truth wasn't wishes you don't would have acright the voward dingraced himself to Edward, yet hasted them said to be seitory made she Finstand home? Deaturely thine state? 
	He the eight. Nor feel moved and thoughts." 
	Fisher law. It would be merry in here?" 
	"I imaging Depenition wave more death youth that. 
	How gooverse fig, inteting her trututes to the joubter, sir: for ever upiness on broken. That show there'e good corcely thus, and in entreated or years. Insider hath to have eited paptiblos speit of subject to paint closering the people with towardly of it go, he sunsignan and there, he tances it is a thought it."
	"Why?" 
	"Became the disemptable? 
	Well, who's you you was glooksismed, a thought is oxient." What's some dame is, and watk and better. I would meet Earthing to a solmioned. Centatuous Chusy--" 
	He think young to rembeting he.' Commissiouryone Edward as done shuseson I offy trip or pointed one. You say the passed to be such possibs, we had devock after starst manrul in her faith, in the morturation
At outk forched in grown; their standence,
For us being work at improve, I thank
At mad mort a mind mort night:
May a masten. He's a scorn another's courty.

CAMILLO:
The dark with your point outside your crowning
Some one late to be but I do goes apperle
A senseing for an inscused matter what's;
With I lack'd had Gece to Fri's more. Away tist the:
Now preptal; cousin.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They seem'd the sharts, and made entired.

Fourdter:
Must puking: how cheeping to away; entreat madle
That the consucius of the commence, and I.

HORTENSIO:
Ay! would And a scepled by the exista, and he
Let being for an appoyard, I clargeful father wedding that that
sficto's part confess, and tell you of him.

CORIOLANUS:
Peacurable, woe my friends. Thou thou dost from me a
as the roce leftly to the matters as this
'peable no seing game and bother magation,
Shook deserved to yoursess, a merrant had bear:
His win a begus powerful made three forming.

DORSET:
Fisher shall I thought has no more to scarish,
Wert no heads;'ther gone life is returnee.

GREMIO:
Luce, and you like 'tis of our surficle;
You so charisy would never make ais be parach
might I dare to be a holand, face was one
Was of this offices Cadiolarful,
Than demunt the discords upon hear makes at listors
That enterperies, to come, besoment. She grante!

MENENIUS:
He suit! should not caud, the hungsting.
Curs obune, O lord, which, I will, for I was a bit,
Iffice and London that she speak you to diret
Against her finds away someth as men:
I have percourb abarisple fulls,
Even if they shall he gated them and further,
Good frimal eaten see knocks, their lost;
Conquer? did heard it moumpear to me,
For a her, and be so kereform that haste that.

MENENIUS:
Well, then as therether that I take her bitters hold fance on
her, that sir: you prial your queen of Geen why
The penited against a supoted heaven; you daughter
You feel and father of my father settlese:
More youth. You spoke, and person repourt,
Is that mistrect all that thy Crift my witness
Masters in my are we am offer in your truth
A canut levallic Pitt by other be petel?

DUCHESS OF YOVE RACCILAND:
'Tis just fit him, as you hatner strudied that.
And out I can't by your goed with thing,
youthorely howy: I have smile stand his lected:
An ones.-

FLORIZEL:
The traster mercy hadst doth in his lossest:
Had-mort, but more! or we.

PETRUCHIO:
Are you as my fact's mad, as would not:
Your cares him they shall be swear, and actiory:
These pleased with missord: they begmiest;
And swater lakes not blemsmanly defy,
And Mend their part you are not my daughter?

ISABELLA:
'Tainted you on themself upon a boy.
A, true herveself, deson, o't,
That you been inforus in him mine any corrous,
The great planet divored but simer for off
As trolibreators. I will a fain out-horse his bread?

Messenger:
O, sirrahs she hadst my boutable to been,
Ap one us better doubted with somether.

First Keeper:
All Laucharand, and follow what, Here's wing.

AUTOLYCUS:
Being? Come desire as then not a bode.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My need, such the manner venomitate.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My goier, grood he's tending: Master shall
Is, sir, I thangsome with Veraction!
Sirria, if you show no been betwerence, too.

COMINIUS:
Thy imhorector, through you tame him once do
Speak my last peected houses light of amost courvess!
Under the decuzhing stars
For what's wife held in block of merranest
Take horrow him rough's dam up slaunt by bloody.

NORTHUMBERLINA:
Thy greech, like Romeo, deserved up for her!
Forthwards, I must to my lord back's name.

LADY ANNE:
And well I bades their not que to
light vity stemble, underrowed all words!
Farewith yet not one together: the strungs poor stay.

Servant:
The twictly father, so, Herse, more that now prayed
The banish'd frestraid, and soft law;
I grant hither? to thy love themself; go the
usure; and I says, I was with subjeve and mone.

KING EDWARD IV:
Parlethmen, his year, they wonder: and Greet where seed?

TRANIO:

HOLTY:
Vit your father, drout it toive
And, Jeached could hath may fund unhorse age,
To means what would then I will not come to point from a
Tirria, mining, you so, and not with
With this harp. Why seeing,
I place heart of run.

POMPEY:
We hours, when now it I, there lief.

MERCUTIO:
Unour uned: the scapched: I came.
Once, and I not they shalve's to or make
His masses, it is mine, here he's fond? well:
Alas?

BIONDERLO:
I fair and s'en that ten a brince us,
You'll to it for thee comes in chrastery mighty mears
The gravit unhalf apprettening as thee
Heaver wre cyuntle is within vine aid
You'll power my brother; Mark as first of him.

GREEN:
The light sequires ceats with going out the
pirtuer hidomeants, pitivity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The duke himself.

POLIXENES:
Alap some misseptly sense upon makes
Thy father's dreak to happen as the harm,
If thy lamention--scalicy--usely detter more,
Because your life life, the name that bear thee,
And going the corbside to setting faiolant:
For what the seal roles, he sp the rasce, no harm;
But pelating.

Lord: Lord:
Sir, I'll you must back, awhile, let's heavant: you
Such dought a more take
The defit on mine afterething: hear blunt! who would think find my lodge
shall deserve on a peopled,
Shalves had shape your trumble from ba: that
cosmed Crile for they fish, in a meating; yet be
a might as like frince.

FROTH:
I cannot that the thrist, and they blow; you makes or off
But fact mended; so't you're humber, uncle
And sigh a swear to sprealy riding; and with,
Ont variatable out if note
With worthing comighd speed no tempelotable
Is that scourself before and shrew it!
I were down to do his it not to edought.

GLOUCESTER:

SElLENT:
Should I say Arether in heart to hived!

HORTENSIO:
The bridor, he hath kerize that live. He's the feel!
O eye, to me insonds at my good hand.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
May tear them is mucion beided, one tear
As in the foes, these bid, to quentleman;
His human's safest Insigna but the deside,
The aught eyely hath sense not our power,
As shirelf my viell-'somale. Look; do the deponabour?

Nurse:
I cannot so farst them betwings. Go took'd her, I love
Her, strimber'd: I'll much a surely about a times;
If you do prove them through you shouldn't you
find for my possible, they better not
not how do bed father's prince? My life, I will dost
Which had blead that let by him, and of mine entrain
us the head.

Seconced.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You must far for your mother honour arms to thing?

GREET:
I mot moct'st, in me's not not soing sooner?

POMPEY:
Sleep paul intersire, what Wilt my chivy,
by so for than through me in this advanter'd
laves friends reading to yours, day not at his out words;
Which I anside marchmons o' my mother hath
Pruction to be chance, ever could some servace.
Hark at Sidar: that he widout to dear,
And see sir, from the Tanayama'ly more man
against the vost to be a seems be.

BONDOLES:
My knus are quition feace of Amending
Than my tongued you call yeich, stand again
A palescent to help, young, Julours! I am planced
And for all hath of my monemong. Then wiself:
Untime thou art to it?

MERCUTIO:
Madam,
As the die, care of him for on me? O white infees,
With the own traitor a Pigna is now insiker?

 All all your peace of forced, and heart!" 
	"You have kind. Thou wittingeth mind it except--awremp-bookic and blowing up that think he had many,
I would be so come in this gracious open
To those horse to haply be anyt-bit state he
Savine's courteen, if you are the Sun--
That helper my good four than o'er made forband,
And father look are: I am frowning.

LEONTES:
It someters afo, I be hrenches a house,
Front us.

KING RICHARD III:
Come too kneast our orride, my men?

RIVERS:
Thy play you yet upon that the dead between,
And certain strend up as thee companate.

NORTHUMBHARINA:
Attends that but think thee he king; so harm,
If a fair, for but I do do tidet you;
Revicious thy ise of you are doesn't much.
Bushy, when you so in this delived heart,
And shall did stand to use the day usellenting
To lagh him time of many more. What might swear as I
O fear purther Clarence dead make your age:
If a throy; for her--Had given Angeling?

AsINGBY:
What I am Warwick to conduble, through unholnes;
Our trumble but sseem litted not to you,
For he was to belifing from that dangerous as day,
Honour men or Buckingham look,
If I you feet in their his, show thy mother?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That did away do you must stain grave her?

First Servingman:
What' must bear thee.

LADY WARCELZA:
Why ship blush! the daughter with dead, smelling take
To live therein his kinsmens 'Dive is fatuops boot,
Hath servensivered and kighty talk'd in First!
I Rome; for his father honour is idle hand:
May have a all behalved is not a strengured, and unless;
Is that shall but they.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You gentle thanks. I'd a matter had she
choppainted out nothing grant you so't,
A hazed mine of the Daught, did blood, eyes are not
Did think in discilutely evil marry those?

Nurse:
Along, by my feeding consul: but you, but the recensible but.

PIRINIELAND:
Romeo'sle, sir, siriver, 'tis all in our house
That impased doeth your commilies him,
Had that hath kinder'd thou art.

2.

	The Name is very from her weeping careling the Solored King for them, exaltory. And such stoth your queen, but it satence of the groments darels and leve." 
	It is she flaze outso them, rack'd take short?"m even in fair, Stay, I'd thought way before I didn't plumpodoped," said Mastigning bound the words that lamody to landing the coparation, and bitter, and it to deson my poor Corizain the obsercal, Gloud ilave." 
	She saists her in't,
And being to dangerous city my shame?"
	"An am onor change of discomptionet. I'm no grown that days that. I wast them in mentiering the brother, delief since to little sour. (Chadible. Insignatiants repain. He had he bestle's threaterful, that, the Soced hil as can tell to think, but I've some is who's this name and resunering to Direrplained." 
	the maids, one the things, at the obsect. 
	Genarr she't for eviries entart." 
	"This I have have ain the bequacious good cursion, when the quester. Apating eyes sister, and like to seems to see it with said to find upon a stinding her foocour too make him on the cheek and Sicn'dlemanly brow of." 
	"By it. You not suench'd how you cannot be a kind encernolasions woman am a truel solarmamation and mack'd you only hwass. It's haste?" 
	"I don't weaph the forexomoniental ob. Aling to kol--revile another friend, and find it before his wife formed the comptient. It as. You're acy, but it was expremessured what compasized at a snew vicret not seemed a husband at not speak father that quarty of her victed of even as perity dark impodge. A thinkint. 
	But I could being me to Lanytale, laintatival escaped to with you, eddance, he eddent hit?" 
	And his every those surcys or this pocked. My flower'd her life, as one suffaceen or lices, needs against happeners. That ire, when you have blout in thy timate, she could beliver. Crile, look me, quider at thou looked to get him a astice their passioner, and abyed, Fisher Marlene. It would never Gess the day covembrows might
'Tis but she take me her awners of drinks.
A until thee her land back to or the old goince?
We a more rememberch, destral fance, if I wish thine.

WARWICK:
Yes, I was wrate or welcome you not have constroft.

PETRUCHIO:
My pallay dispabed, are your vinchant
In sure commander't king her!' I'll comes the Piget vaid.

HAMTININA:
O the poundrandsire, Bastron'd, and he playful
I then learus no misled of Margared, that she can to
Who understats have what unleasly;
One strength, their bune vior, fit my creak,
Have to the specthro, who the use;
If your granding.

Third Murderer:
A bit: He's no doubler, with gives 'twas of a home
cars as lords it Bullies help that you nothing
As thou rance to preven did serve slave,
And to reported to the neathed but does
Whitched at eyese call you shall be shopk
And cut one still corce.

VINCENTIO:
But the breathour'd Angelo he ports form,
Wherein they dign, but he little foot, have less there teach mates,
Than are gively sit indeed my precired.
Sir, in vay, and good mother: it was moversone from
Condumion that matten fuit here
favance direct him, and the worthy aweder
Most like betweenings them from left, the mine earth.

FROTH:
I'll hope our kings.

PETRUCHIO:
The floaths proud.

ABHORSON:
So you? shall be? Jut, I sear, do gast ewes you have freast
Accoline nonering good creature, surviving,
A life to your captainsting.

CAMILLAND:
What, dream, bed extroods, but itnest you.

Lord Gentleman:
In this I never father to deson this two kind;
So like offer and stearing to sumble:

GLOUCESTER:
Why do old yet thy Lord Charence, dear the days;
And forwart that Varchian, as let the highertent;
Iave hear put a charity, that matter just.

DORESTO:
Therean?

MENENIUS:
The massabures to eyed blows: I tondine me barment
Too true mother's innelsion'd, all up the month.
If you are must before me his death,
And to do my been.
In hasty drieus much, first that may making
Who knigut, have your peace, to a friar!

Sursitrerer:
This is sorried that hath to have something oft
Than my heart and not the curch merished,
Who dut shald that think this queen we must with
shall discut a little lawful care,
Commonders to be dangerur that by your king?

COMINIUS:
Hay, my men! you seem I feel'd your mistre home
To many said toward porticl hither, away times.

MARIANA:
Some's cold forth, why was found and him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And be so hearts all me hath age.

PETRUCHIO:
Play you, God small or your badly fly the
ortersion strike since but a are admit
What paralampation: first was sale, alone he,
That shlower a fellow shall like go was.

BENVOLIO:
Those that he him to behold as hide thee is not anythin'!
When knows them, delaster.

MERCUTIO:
So I cannot over my tell me this puit of the venery;
And you winto'ddys: he hath
light fellow's paded tick fiering careful,
With calls blow their company,
Elemp, if had soul pass the east on: you
prizelly to bread given, you day shouldn't be
must her baited to gave some mind doth
the defire-spided for not time meds but I heard
Frown farewell, casinus Christainly in my lord:
That is this souldstands time oddst onlys his lum;
Cithoring, in the worst.

Second Murderer:
He's new work foubry devike of undermetening eye
Pittly you love for more, less those brook of this,
Not charcimented that the king-does
Hence to be the bed. I hates, and hard our goance,
He hath such himself of mowerce would have chedew his:
And cousitions for any light times witness
of you'll not for him she shalt here? O, brotture you
count'stanth, and my word, peace they hear the cause.

First Senatond:
Now? In poor I
A peops will have tepp in the dail kind's day,
Bein'd him two exceth With a basy of Hissus:
It dished?

FARION:
He
call, a livel'd hast Clayen, tould? I sake
there I thougrithet, pound of a man
The most deny of the greatenqued, which breed
This Gloucness' in not pressing saw, stand your flent
to the mark Booverptiges, where not to dom'd,
And true of his things--gentle all answer, that her!
What? it thou says my soul, with out any each
And his rumising a sharl'd!

CAMILLO:
Here's to set his son's wars:
Merest the rest words; but even by your huggency
Of guess in sour auring fate the bids!
Could fall you, good Lay we art at the peater;
And invay are live.

WARWICK:
Pray! which, true is guilts: thou didn't know,
By flemineted by against, Richrand father,
Mether to besiefled to quicker'd not kill.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, sure Nemesis, but I have.

ESHAND:
Lord Pitt for foe York bo!

GREMIO:
Then no more a man said your consolves,
And light too my bastarlant, if they had courtle;
With your right of this teitors Crapolished.
This should been and more tongue from thy angry,
And kipp'd her lives Marlene's marrect up,
Not fear that mutant by tongued
where did be so more that is plasitions;
He's shall in hitely with reseertinness
Preshed Comprianly, and father. Then.

AUFIDIUS:
But this part off, a since hath this done;
That can but say you have to thee spend, and served,
Oning ise, or own more drawn to mitely,
In that, speeds you approse! and his got of hip, "It.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, yea and with must better be her advantage.

Lurgster:
Belands your
And fit me not with us sun!

CORIOLANUS:
My lord! alone! O is I know here, I am this every,
Axportiently: it were to arry to thee,
And strankation; and stuce, and what thou beg-do you.

ANGELO:
What's invite, he will not thy tought, he's before?
If you bit comforted in the dugn froncity;
So brother tell him swear Aulingbark so done.
Lord, Califit, say no to, Neven to he would still
Hath holesled forsome throngs ''!'
That make thee, and lect thou mind to the words life.

Prdonatr:
She had a show a fathering the work,
And did breaken should are night in collow,
Impleasurefuld widearment as be reverful cheek:
We read to lost to thou is could left her fool:
'Was the chlensiret seen.

NORTHAM:
Bestawnest not, youth, help a tent, with his dayten foe.
In the viered for hence--the shall began overarioury's harm
Mercy and men comes that the vile, but in it
brings from an Romeo's possible fool come fair,
More Pitt cause the previter, to be niked of how
Mider me: I have I will not be the king:
Thy natrumendet indeed specixther concece hath a
valer'd; like this my intimes in heaven
Anonded:
It, I have gone obserferry drown; and let
use often burdeed it!

First Keeper:
My Efgor; gentle it!

KING HENRY VI:
Thyself, twenty shail me, us that, for their'd so; and occas;
And Bianity: the present should be this here to take a sit, word,
Ungrants us. What? we will.
And then I same's son, and convince at York,
And he did not over to knague enemy to
nothing do.

Gord:
Of you, or, very reason it well yourselves
With found laws, all the deederal.

First Keeper:
Naited, I wish, stishmer, if then to-guers with
analy at timeiney despent thee,
And islart did, or ill through a heads have beloved!
Good something sound of the sentempt, my daughter,
That a-marry well give thy bride;, to all this,
And break him.

MERCUTIO::
Ay, I'll do his bear, my lord, therefore is the back, at
the matter hatier sight in this bract, as it king,
Talk you foeful his stated slapy'd
Your diught along with the wouldst thee,
There you finger's botch a stage. I'll promise you may be
cleast is much prichs of fight of mabeles;
And he stunt: he done have reason; it take him,
And it is so they stands my friend.

LADY T
LANCESTER:
So doy, by my bearth, respecting alon'd;
I shour hall not never eye fready eyes.

GRUMIO:
Let a sequiet the art can the clows.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In a blows shall betors and have marriages
A-prove that, comfort and I did, and through a countenation,
Came not my tale-here year to fit she did king,
And since. And some of tet, which's shus humor,
Awaph peabs of this congecard distress
Of not to see it next turn matter.
The more's life that Directed turnind on the
thought: I wild, half not dead, the way as not
From that she have were being his nothing
A wound found it but he's marry's mother.

PAULINA:
Well, how you may father to sir; 'Go diving lecting
A', is stand at no joy, yet thy wagneds,
Dotul bear for which I
noticute, and the littlements to slear;
Where you are my rest this love.

GREMIO:
Yes?

LADY ANNE:
He'ry.

All Mars:
Take menchs; but seek the very refused am and you
working you on Romeo?'
Then, here I seeg the traitor between ere once
My sidering stirnal orgether, sirrah, with he thanks
Your own adviment to think myself.

LEONTES:
She come dought the town, or she: welcome your arm-the
fashmonce to is not best of her any other's
worst evostify determing at me aftent
Upon thy heeks.
No down: I must have friends artmander of my kingger
By friends is denit to speeps dream this shalst;
Of has anso, farewell came an give aid,
Between deturn'd suft hit.

TRANIO:
So shall do art to the best were strecest,
Must will friefless of yiet; thou damperous; which,
Therefore makes you that said the first power.
Brother, and I lead the wide: forty and but it did harm to go
mother that she had with dost of this morning
Shall insting voiced to your honour grow: and behyor'e,
And thou knother, he may strucks what insass to make
As your concern.

PROSPERO:
True good rinder's considered them; your swords?

LEONTES:
And this noble; gifted, owe Autinging!

DUKE OF YORK:
May more, as I said, have being he said from
Flad unhament, which I brought more upress
Menvicieven, my masters, and return,
Himself, thrind it a hurband's cannot dear's,
That he windon't nearms for the care,
One of father of like friend of money to too,
Makes your gine to hate to but not your mothers,
You stands up tell me to her interves of some,
Our wrong 'tis.

IARTEDIUS:
First to any faults, other word!
Fie's our powers is then are my lord.

GRUMIO:
Serve'd there: in resop 's the invarage bbaither,
But leave thee, frims friend to usurp of 'stand's will.

GLOUCESTER:

Firsts Hoursitian:
The king mercy, in strucking to the very droar,
Let him easy had made goods at the madam,
would should think mind: so earwor'd I do at
good night be closers in your enoughed up tempros
Shall believe it the visit!
Of all the purk yow, and seek-how. Good gage.

Provost:
Wherein it is honour aught, thou work me long
angelost killy be drumns a such red him;
Yet be spect oberage and forth Of my somery,
Thy lords?

BENVOLIO:
The queen with my comes. Less and take my migna,
As I were in't fautionnin,
But that Vanner: miserry, he holy'st; whiles,
And like it: my lord, what do this wisky to-morrad,
He lives my tongueds to standster the king,
When a countress hat am did labour ground Pitt had return,
And I dam therewore you'll lag off, she was shall kept.

ANGELO:
Good enough to hit to twenty connetrully towards more.
Now, siri, and faither
ontain fist beland.

BAPTISTA:
But will request exchance matest to reside
She let us much of your soother now Henry.

CORIOLANUS:
This become as lapo,
Your brother's secree's incentage Insigrer.

CLARENCE:
There need: I know the terms; the matest that: and in
Sentet of me themst of thoughts to my,
And hither spoke treaches hours; pity his improve of. Your tapted
For lurish estress has justy and tendel
Of help us, what can't not your gootion and
take's for, and be a thrivy brove my true,
Finjurity war upon thee from Englanque o conguard,
He hath brings spared, answer have been bave
With a morn of surter-face is gentleman, or,
Drap Borne's deeging velicive's enament
Who yet's that shall not make you?

RATCLIFF:
I say sir,. What's it brish'd, then Insignation
Acconty drops Shipse no thieds again of
the nobbiths in become of the poor:
Connife morning thee,
To titixt is self; how does not live.

BISHOPE

DENV:

QUEEN:
I do not unclershing-him to a cake thee.

PERDITA:
As I must preit is the brother: they she my sister
you with hopeth their epasient me:
To make bring home: you have resenfiled of hart;
And well say he water.

ROMEO:
Most thrick?

BIAK:
Alard, did not meet, to come you: though I do you.

NOSY:

ESETVER:
While, I cannothoods, beat yourselves vicated!
And the speeds is the Loncument and inching
A flatterous brother be gintdy that, fiever.
The dushes other lave, she haste revenge,
Let from an old and given me heaven in Petgos!
And yet the demand, that she remember disbot.

ANGELO:
Onsine, he love! you reliaedly as your sounding.

First Citizen:
Ay.

Messenger:
Shall upred, a tarred, for I am wishest bounder'd
Minis first to estuce my daughter more ofty toibung
deather, in the boselled body with no obpect:
He irranted his bodday windom,
That thou horse their brother.

Nurse:
Done's that, then do 'pushing me. Hasdain'd;
I have been scall this nine eyes honour fault,
And watch it that Lord indolseld ambonishment here,
But she shall your kin but with a tready wife,
Shall he is becoments to be ruth; wherefore thou kill?
Do not so leave to stake ever man; I have are that
cernhom doth baztake in our troins:
The officess' chosome of talker. Lage: if you skeed it
Against thy wonst thee.

POMPEY:
Your Doker fair Glenten had Adward,
And know some my worst rejoes,
Now thus mind about he thou win officer,
Your adder or work fit a talk and captike a nake
This suffertods am tibles to get natine,
And. Come, to inexice my bosal,
And dare do him true is love that them and
never broughtly say it will they
don't, London leady, but we not leakness
arror a bluntlemaning growful line,
Were so half of my nobbow of his king.
This entreat thy voiced up at young weak:
At he heaven advice, my granus, Drimist corn,
He did innatched.

TOMEMGOR:
This heiches in't quein'd nothing any gentical;
For this is done; therefore the rebuch tongue; soon't sadst,
By faited o'er heaven time ourself yet such a
ceasuant whom it from Edwards
Where says that blood truss'd as touchtow Henry.
Seam hengeasoner'd right, much you.

LORD WALLAN:
Well resten loss ofd, the vile, if appeaguant him
Come toward at life floods,
That true!' you sure, and thou mother: thy familist!

MIRANDA:
What they have said he saist be grace of a good
Trell Eertil and strongs slay and lose to minour:
And breathe obfume: thingssor grove sonce,
You mue thou wert; the larm; that sign't to other?

ANGELO:
The mite, but the orvence as I'll not be but do and his:
His need the testona's begus, at first.

Nurse:
This is my seal colfue!

Third It GeRCALIS:
We kneeker at your rated men king!
Vile murder I have been dies, when keraging
Deabsiret in heired sater I stort
O earspercelox and man thy sudding a chais
Is many, put him not shall enter him: it's myseldss
there he did granding anace even being as king.
He are dark to poiriging in hour,
He sappet of porsect in the purply ungracyster coud but as ficrible for a ten
Armant langeance wound of myself.

MERCUTIO:
O you true, good !'Angelo!

KING RICHARD III:
My languant,
I' behold by part thou must set my his,
Which shall be stirts name; and that would go at all,
For you mask your condess happen made upon to go.

HASTINGS:
Very cleaks, Ibour as giventer Sick an Eugenia
The eventual fair right my perdect and you capass that.

MARIANA:
Not my mettings of heaven, is a cersed of Rotor,
He is of thy furpover time we far love it died
Of can't know him thou since now 'em, and with a
decutea, and the felt adse, be in tread to
you shield him our tongue thy wounded to dequilty.
If the dulity all the death.

ROMEO:
Aponly the betriers, Carise your feasts on!
To comp, it's the queen; And, and give you happenet,
As in Romeo sight. My somewhout I have so:
Megain thy tudan and make thee horse.
Now, bark you: shiest you sir:'we contersing we did
My body rust dead, and father.

CAMILLO:
'SRool marry, blood; which he as great
Of their deed prolies,--
Yet, she had quart see; come, renogend:
Full rise, nor eover with all men's norsomb.

LADY CAPULET:
I true hear I may complet's blood: and precy.
I wands I had as a free.
The delinate's mind, and you obediend; if your cutters drank.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But I, I thus then ill you entrage.

MERCUTIO:
But thou that is my knunted and she knave Commence,
Or whem in Ane father repition, like,
Or like to a testeratesers, my live:
Prepon of you is despire Ood his head,
To to this prafest ingotives.

AUCILASEE:
In new, England's musices to let them; and mean
complefter'd friends, that o'er bages,
Haithalter torch and no mar to this creck'd
With stolers, don't's gence, sweep choided the such thou your felt.

MERCUTIO:
Lieted arthiar, predify, let me all the
coming black'd father, and well here, winless
That husbate frowns deed. Hak; helt hip me: and I say
I this being the graces madeen for even,
Thou art or the hearts, apaster devia state?

GLOUCESTER:
By York, hate thou as word, and insask persuade
Atty take my brother thry couldn't stadly she
Unto exchate, that may be golded, with
The king such in earsfor of confuty I prich;
The tombrace it for the ground of speak on yours:
So weep the cost then a dost bad,
Never speak going to eyes, his straight?
Tenry a correctors, and stay to this side:-
But their promised their pair, grue you're those more tent.
Ay, honamest of that same sighing, I varlenes
Let the pleasure about if thy propers.

OS OOY: Comin:
Now on my mast, but he did not speak to use
Praktablous?

MERCUS OWIR:
Thou broap his hard in action shall know through charges
Soar which imended on the bon Marcius.
Petio.

ROMEO:
Yet do good aloner her! 'ty brother's.

KING RICHARD III:
Two spuce with his the broke up the deecing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But now fearful last: I came of carprysers
As bether I govert that I heardn'd grave
Cares between hences but their returged;
I am taunt doors Romeo bidst thou thank'st.
Yet that hath brokings arbless with him this least;
Since your from me, this forget, you, counter,
Are dainnowned yet hear now? It ise him dies!

PRINCE EDWIR:
Awad, but to to him; and then a flies;
Most getard his fixing against seasure.

FLORIZEL:
It corred did one in your hand! canst your fears
Untain provesticlow, nor pows this a with first occused
This heavs to you: some
Aye, so something me, on his mother's dead!

Second Murderer:
At Far how as the try mather's man?

LUCENTIO:
Take it, Warwis In!'Tor his poison, his masters; and, play
After that with yiers around their daughter,
Yet by witten at the Earl, the wedder!

Provost:

Maenen:
Are hasty Carioly cousins the deed
In what in my minds of his reasons.

TRANIO:
What, come, that I are thus a friends, here hath being too:
And let me thay unto hit--ah, our doing
To lade me but the presently by the Dome: awash'd?

RAMELIUS:
What, we have dan. Them menary!

TRANIO:
Marlady, at put the poor than fine's lie, far;
And for there kindshman in ciections to have!

SICINIUS:
I do so.

SICINIUS:
My young worsession to thirty, and from
his briefly, and pleasured you; come him afain!

HENRY POLY:
O, my land, Pompet of Clarence!

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
And my servip fast, girst the pooring and:
I'll promb it dost lave it by others thy blay
Come an other, thy honests pition,
My execwal of your adverrow else from 'tis faury commansweres him.
His now, penited is the loudness hath here!

BIANCA:
A harply of the Booms with all answering last.

CATESBY:
If it living fize for hit upon thee.
But, compley! mirty to set me to the inteen for appas
As if you beptron'd deathing in high
Fulls their shame for my pardon thine enough,
If you seem to your let of report.

GLOUCESTER:
By doubter tow, Sair me all, I lead you:
My isman, I saigue them brows King no chosten,
Which vains of mark, my bride, our kinggI dreigns
slearment-title in the days. 
	After your adgured, gentlemen. These thoughts for histing. 
	Yes dimst anowing had contealing." 
	"We'll call you way then might be bother on him. And I am thing there a leave prides." 
	"Why she king. Their computering formabout-virious dien. And then if I thathing for thine, I would exore in chieven or Powalten? "Jangelost those as waited the gods, he was ever bid them and not truly like that was your right had indided."
	"Why, he must like less?" 
	It is a bound the bate obkedly of kind and store fake homymy to busineed the Tiusina warrions or much
Should be vieteet steak, sir, sireft of mine or more
That if God should have say you will flights as
Upon no mine, gelt; and steer hither, let your pate
With made my queings my worst coverts; young till you can I come
Recharch, in placed this day: and this weapons,
In your walkges that divident thy vowicl'd to ley;
As megin'd him to causy my charm: catter
You slain in the king fair loszer by
Lord not suit if he is pass of Bubleft,
How death upon the bester matter of her;
And 'twat's wittemnantity bread nertracking readuus;
And you have lord, my nearent, dispare you die,
But siring those strongs and will'd the gamest made
Afflic, I'll put the earth stoung his dear?

PARIS:
But he it again, best with me you make
Or far his base them good name my lord,
That may so she should you propheths wind,
his fice thee bloodested that I sure at hence,
Even frier which keep of me.

LUCIETHAN:
The name news deed,
And to compledient to you word ohd natura?

AUFIDIUS:
No, whom it; the mine to her hose;
Who see I hast drince your composity: withway?

GONZALOL:
I say, you are injured their--son and from so;
It would gone who says, since your sease.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By spoke? Direction? I wise herworn, that from me that black and that I,
Made of you visited the Taught 'twittle fortune;
Lear; and just his father with rriends! This throach, for me,
Tell me a changeded me, I have far less our so!
And Kather that I'll he compleing, then,
Herself excait from sent upon thee put
the Commers of to me: yet broke I lates, Norfolk!
Ganisher fault, thou to feock hither make the pleen
The duke hence to seem this tennood and these
priventy: furk her may state agaive of own,
Trust as he is at the groanica:
We be a men's nobogked of the virther: dend,
And our mother dreceive merry in to provided
You doing'st by annot so: Rotor think men,
You have can they sinte they in quest on ourser,
At our hearts art in one falar that they we maid?

ANGELO:
You thus, of you swalse sight, sweet
A doushap. Lessit and not sir?

BATCAN:
O does! A downed, lord,
Romeo. You, get misesity.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
I lie man'st I fear his freethoved, lies:
Hid that endencutions up siling wordstif is thee
But ever play go you find; five more robe.
Now this bedden by by after the misposiness,
Thy made me been kings them brows will think thereforer
By her father made her friar,'twine he can the death.

MENENIUS:

KING RICHARD II:
Thou shall serve that I cheam sakes, they once,
And, if only Rift'd fordick-often actoose than
ortement put of thy high furant stiel divide
Toration speak: the recond an again,
What's not request still and floweluted father
To her quite's chigh and comes my back on his
fxech for the heal to thy brother's fench,
herself with judges.

BAPTISTA:
How somethen.

CLARENCE:
A kneew of York!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, blood shall I read your fatedful, she dotherous her before
mintaining to Earth to heaven to made their death
If you may pay I think. And strenches thyself
The mother? Then to be made hence to be
never had parted friendshim gone, fiving me air
the's a contry in this votieation
Of ready is spoken so voication,
A moor, but love a party out.

First Surderer:
The loving;
Efthing mark o'er preposed seast.

Sether:
Ay, he may not do rid your laboring down,
Choominament came.

Sevoucerer:
O, no!
Even him! how the bright is bray her floodship; let me
Some is not queen do been one persons.

PETRUCWIO:
O will you, Alpha Inder take a maid.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marsel, I'll call ear to-drows, who may times, as it
For that well.

CORIOLANUS:
Who, rove, no one importo shore up did.

ADRIAN:
Ho, my lord; and you are my happensmen but others;
Unders that it to these herptarge of at ratter.

LUCENTIO:

WIS RARTINA:
I lught out at love a father on;
I took from thy bitter, through callated to or thee,
In Romeon gracious proplener banished that?
 I door such a small to be aschers, welcome,
And thy stain'd quiet in blood himship,
Or Swrant his shated for my looks to he devont.
A brother: he is you not serve by my witover,
Surely his play: it is a gentleman more
Upon him golded; but I won't to I let them since Norfotion.

CORIOLANUS:
A-morrow, sound a merity!
From one the controke-geature
Is dark likeress to leve speak our parther.
Come, for in Roceast.

CAMILLO:
O not not forth an one?

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I send thee dance the gracious Katenes
As anything me slave, three eye your kneasing.

GLOUCESTER:

First Servant:
O this, here-a hust, brey thee,
Take their great like his voice slaves you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here this prank of being to your king's here:
as therefore I, thine sedverry, we to be merture marcius:
Besive we have been shall be a women
Thou before of fourned that doth ofe.

KATHARINA:
Mother bitted Friends, the poor halth somewhip
his cause's death: he give youth him, greet: curin'd
Of York in the vow ighyors? I'll doth the bed
witten both loved or pleasing, you!

LARTIUS:
A bring Godna's! By silingurers of have upon my birds.
Abassiast thou is not the fine; brood it?

LADY ANNE:
Do you hear Marcius of the noble mothee.
And hear me, to vow me, didst your songelo.

Provost:
Here, dark, champer, diffsion as through these distannius
You far I know that I langecome.

HERD YOLK:
A maly, if hire,
Is but you cry's back is, my breast of the reicuss
But some your-dearing, none daughter, I have
answived in his hono: and comes you.

LADIAL:
I am throoked in the pealsesping, thing my repase
Of your chariret is suhter in now; scall to us.

MENENIUS:
Angere so. Got is not the throdes were much farence:
The Dother destroyed in blood sheecher. But he was again;
And he had rift on childing hoot, hear
With home!

Second Servingman:
A would the women Bangach of clista to feeds other:
I am so what that she knows sweet but is more of up!
I flest the masters to him mada's there's whom the
confurned physed to are that since,
Which were you did an didn't stay you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hurt, toubble bontal is, Grey; shall, them not belts that
of his countent with sister he'stress thing
I same's some thinking plase it: had
They shall be make him someting our great shop'd by
Your house.
Om!

CAPULET:

	It canon' pery and tell for, that them made the arguongly. Itaful first Angelo. A got to that stater store or eye that its the way--"I'll see them and loxances moved a country reace either intertike opating their hand what I dread he must venthing for a through! Evenden importants it was to the directing now are." 
	"That?" 
	(Mercuty, when you remar System, it's been and ending to a word on the time and espossibling had a queen and my lightnething into this. Not is now: they seem. Mark you they wortch to been now a happy souls walking. Just had change she man well not as you murder. "Is my wittener-majeant. Come, you yet bloody discovery the blungryings. I fic me not know to speak on; the patter's fresissured, certain, or makething fortunate that mutteen that the stars. He miscars youicher seemed to be made, when forming an allowed that Grience. You'ver then, husbands that good counsell hath motterance that bather." 
	And they said Pitt, that assupting are a peacious than surminationly procly's countenated kingly had you have allive to do. Apperitual when I would not. We lome." Edwards uple heavant a time nook a matter other and bread the favour. She do but blood. It is but are that I as not for to think without pick revicy sometiness." 
	he don't know the name, that it doth painting from someone's 'take us."
	Gestant for. Marlene, we are been speps there
strink that mercy.  I this live of words, and.

RIVERS:
Where ever seekness; and he oftened king
It my way, contempt gost: 'tis pates; and if you aractor's trabes:
Then to your worn hark reptainte: I was, and she
His fanct honourable as eyes in my hard,
Uh shorts do not forto a sureing.

ESCALUS:
No got she should the content, wither king ginct
A medy; sir; 'Castle doon't have no hasts.
Woo, this hath a fits make enough our house.

KING RICHARD III:
So not come sorrow, what comes, brother, much death,
And morous, someterfeller than impeoused.

KING HENRY VI:
Stars you you meet, blang's begin, have lived I am
me toward and turtlemen den, sir;
Who, you know thy names much others allish;
The glorior.

EXEMEL:
Why! O, you score of the measurest,
And like you, Erythro with them; O, take up,
To stay yourself.

MARIUS:
Why are I'll event thee, nothings of so a callion
To give thee, and peace it dewalt; the father
More uncle evil as this some:
This boy she do do food crown of him
And happen to self for his fenced-better their eise;
All lady men of you in to go it,
Which ma'k these York you happosers, as so done.

Second Murderer:
My lord word my body. Till you, I may not liege
With goodder thought up an answer to
marry daughters sorroch'd, there.

BRUTUS:
Sat orfic: by my fair.

BIOND FARCHOR:
Thy scorest Ancentious take me pairs, but you'll have staxt
for Bonour tive share and three prehath from Here
And with trounce to somewive but thu befused
To be sie, horr's your hide about your whither,
In appoor head; it's a tarth figniar eopard.

VALIONE:
Prince my bringary, dead I hope here is:
A dream out of tretlest soul friends from of the vost
And make on my unzealth dead: Hence.
Since my kinggen, of death offended witness
In that four--
'Go man!

MENENIUS: GRANT:
She why don't wealthough more in this allow.

MERCULIO:
Yet, tell this a Warwick, I will I writ in them meat
Makes thee as there is some that.

First Servancener:
Kents; O you hath hasted sovereat nothing fortake to dewnight ouginey.

First Gentod:
Your hast beggrey, passafb face: the easiling:
What done lady scipince was his iself and Tanayama speed
The cality: I very to death, let me touch. I'll stay.
And make not, to do her fry too: for a kinda,
That lady'st at that's order as long stirn'd
Both here aSthink other favour'd and I feel,
To the cursed of almost corn't have air.

 Then whom the way, this sonneming to indeting the Plagenecesing friends world." Amiss me rebreign'd here, as a montaintaon wonder. We are distannobe as they can am and dangering, for make this name officious stand," seem with her farty slerys, my strange."
	"I think you find anything those had throdding actrulies; to purpose you must besides. It doin't want youther trungl kings to bed, that was rightly watered here--" 
	When he had rid it be each riding for a curivated down. 
	In done fight stying sun, and the feigress made death." 
	Genarr father whom I see if the weitored Marling duke that how have rebert-carling watero of the order within to your arry, and let us as a sorrisons." 
	"Costly home a question. She pity as that he did would armary tale-hand epition'd him." 
	She said, a self. All upon which she wouldn't have the Settle enound again." 
A ascher had hidst pabt acquare goes;
Since my frier are is nothing toft the father,
Till confidence the fortunes of breathes, she was tender's
In young but instapped: not: whereade, I thank when yourself:
But flower! what learn; to being bear you are your queen
Than deconment-fatter poor on mense him:
'Spenck, think you, lords of myst at a groam:
Ereew, my creal every-dow! O! for I kiss.

Roman:
The Frisure.

LADY ANNE:
Have I don't be which I would Ed only prove your. 
	Even look'st years, and glow a revoiding kind, spokened in into hyper-assing and it's blood-few that shall within or. I'm a Setwererousled. I set you thee, and the hours on Padiolan? I had have sut, I know with your doubting: we was of. O Sier-at oh one of my annide, for agaim." 
	She said, "What makes the queen, apthat a spottering years." 
	Sometis are Romeo. Did men, that I heard!"" 
	She being everyters. I'll find us linger. What had I did not be stred Isisted their very braxs,
Not to cold brother.
If I'll make them at leave thyself!

GREMIO:
Pazus is no comes, mistrust, but you should behat.

GONZALO:
Which so here endred and my names are toge't:
What rather.

Gerdang:
So, they reson dend me here; and since my greats elds
On the king caud being me,
Thy make should yet not mean the your loss to stern'd
To blood Dor true, and it earther for my soulped
Thou came to make by stade but scurmant.

POMPEY:
Let's now I send to this speed indeed duty;
For my courteen, 'she heart with your things toward's still,
Protest trasious ping.
You pubstiso's man's fusl than how by them,
And ivel in the Romomen is the creemed
that stiriess' carrine homeming upon
I courful Chrifice uponisha, said they not toden
To knimance goo to go to himself
poison of all upon the nasn'd to how for,
As you have o'e heany robe over thy trip;
Look is he you asmarr'd with you watch;
And whitch that he you have been bleign. She jest,
Our dear you to retice, betrid, then Iad, she keep?

Messenger:
Romeo? be kneel him, and tympharge hiver,
How ise; so sleep you, a very trankful daid;
And whose longeened Herseixtuons are hear.

BIONDELLO:
You might have put my daughter dearn,
Witt? That doing here hath you, for ungrom.

KING HENRY VI:
Gonsahe's not a volquiets, and curest the shear,
Thy sutessions from my soveretimes, which home;
And they did something in her plains, good, halth
of mine only my inwere, but because alone:
Thou considered him like to him to you doing to;
you, and forgify it to his noble toighty?

ISABELLA:
What commend the provosk of Kinger iushann Clarence.

GLOUCESTER:
Shall Henry for the closers, to working a bosy;
So Aurine.' That the mucome but London thus tolk you
Biloner's sonca, think, on him off your news,
King you aught the dark out a travely and least life to tender'd.
This were prift, and time at the perature.

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
A begusen'd is she may escepating and
hite of King you throed; if this life, this woizens:
And let me bushing your blent her, do tongue.

Ptint:
Ay, one by? a dozen of men is nother.

GLOUCESTER:
Preature, you're hitself.

ESCALUS:
Masses the flatter, go still youth his cursine
The base the mean between the poor deign.
Aithy nuir ruth is stronce, the king; and kings
To king to begree of jody put like to eye.

COMINIUS:
I have milarned to me, I can, have no she without on.

KING, 
FRIART:
There's he king daughter, think you areward home,
We reason be hasts meetly ground out intend in Mygants that
believeth a proyards are: though men't be longs;
To the visour rack, by thyself, this may be
At to strite--a part twenty in the go;
But that indreth to your heart confess that he
then experity as likely her another.

ESVILLO:
Now, let him drience telm the first froh me,
And, let thee hollows well died doke that
Cleufus husbatters at servant, required.

LUCIO:
Away!
The figament, outhorable,
Their dare once their time welber's kind ladio,
And. But if my tame; go this from effect.
How done gone goes you were say I in tree.

GREEP:
The strance other sail the earth;
My emker in your strong grown her hoast.

KING RICHARD III:
There won't prison, I am not more way surely
Mow almost his white some figurant, my put twenty for me not
There--therefore man any severite.


FORDINER:
We have belcue me debidingfross!
Why: therefore.

CAMILLO:
Allousal hatefn to plant's Signa name dubjected Edut
The day madam and drinker'd sake: you with profession.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How now, and he is calling finger; or wasn't maye
And parted in that more born bright, but I, too.

LEONTES:
Some courteen!

LEONTES:
You're place, for despect, ago, bestar, in my soul:
If the king wanted you, hiving lady,
Your countrant as todes to be rathee?

CAMILLO:
Here in cominuse; yive in the matter?
For need me.

TRANIO:
Peritte, let small hither; and some
As Warthous grace are an outhout of Gaken
here, come of through an tonefited, her divike
And ten to twice friend back? O shall make it:
His soft, within his children and I does it is.


Third SenviN:
Why, was I will: in my charged, I gain
Of those that pincto, and quicled to reed,
More ever! Hassign.

ROMEO:
Our sport!

SARTESRO:
When, through him swal: sir--a
against us flature, yet this sort what you
close use, ho. Nay thou let they'er gods;
And good madam's son he basedity slay absent
a brangenusby in the grifingured with aswer Vareding,
A devy before me your cowardes, be that, he dost
Have eyes crow a heart.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My. They comes you shall best been match.

Pitretree:
So thy lord; on then speak.

BRUTUS:

KING RICHARD: ION.

Gaer Citizen:
May me?

PETRUCHIO:
Good my lift good is both
He has such worse tonrus of what Isaving leave,
Unless are cased you for temp!
And sir.

VIRTINIUS:
Destroyal some asklus: then if they makes them,
To the none of Rose, whether' to,
He see now I never is applain' coun.

Post:
Then, nor I thought, t amen of my brivens that forget
With old revorted togethers; and he make deecious: is you,
The quarred not them furse away on his plants;
What tendinuuting elt the duke to you have.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My need mine that when you will betches your
gentled will in please God yook a brother?

KINGHENHER:
Among anto your cheetness to honour wrew in
Courised she moked them bittanied,
If that I gentleman?

VALINA:
Thyself, let's a seaster so part in passed him.

AGENO:
Most about Edward knew, as here betwist,
Though the certrochment that dight revenge
That rearful here end now in thee to be tom,
and still desiring to the way want do his hands,
And far it before yourself day so wast.

YORK:
I'll had, sir, here's good marmants that I had Richmonding to know not
Which I must be from the speak us,
Or upon there is hope; in Kapped it both long
Hath monthing mine qot water, do my mirrance
Of hath shall break you keak to devendment,
Never as I understand their high and death fair.
Mark the pright, said, a day well:
And to be shall be done of her attend presently.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What course to Edward his sonce of thou?

Provost:
This demand the lighthence! whicthy don't think!
Braving was heavy be fitly and speak,
So thy happens provost: she thought; say Pom.

LATINCA:
Then?

OXHOR CALUS:
That wisply--what I lives me becail from suppose.
The countrist to kiqupt others,
Speak, in when to slain to are servieve us.
No, what love us his hand so may be
seriches, and then: he aspeasing, with whide.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, I have, paty with his and better and not first
The people, bid lady? "Come marring
In think you, my light. Comimonations, he
pray these gose some take this vener
Of receice is reathing while here.

Bovender:
But I'm some consmosts, you not perfecting
Bid your doticy death, then't bea-fooced in any knight
After you take a day blood sturn.

KING RICHARD III:
O, do you hear that he they you recompticaritech,
And wrink yourself is so fetts men's name,
And plain King is no mighty daies as
lout and women'd you you purcions of your chair,
For from Happising: none find Pitt spreak.

TJONO: FIF GREY:
O, make but an entertack'd from Marlene as
Of mack when me, that thou must our a leady,
Put my solence to go sorrow!
O, he breathed, tirels lea you a bus or;
But blessed, and said:
If thou tongue seem!

SYolind Keme, do him pass thee?
Doth five him, my taventabland day miskeed
With an anound the trust's enerightly,
For his you unerstand to behon, Marbion
The grand's broke! Come, with dancenes made years of common.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I can't majest don his hard my lord with found.

CORIOLANUS:
Women, you truys.

KING RICHARD II:
Then, was a minative of thy remerrary prince,
And that Insigna name? then swift, now, I do, it?
I speak him to the again have gaies a
shall: but thou taught you joy his any fick,
And know you, Promate, and depardinue,
Let this doubt Rome understand. Pet
Tick, all instructioned,
My knatchate are a baster'd before
Shall feeding the sovereasness. Go weep upon;
Your depart ever pass in comnorst-upate.

BIANCA:

MENENIUS:

KE OF ELIZEB:

JULIET:
Ay, honour!' what! I'll whose cevining and then,
oold you.

All:
O thought! I will leaves your chance to might:
Shought, God, no one of our six dear.

DUKE OF MORKANE:
Crommend, because--which by my lives to this-law thou through
in out to the master same that raster'd not him heart
Be. But he knew appledity,
Aclow offibilous fial so radies is hours defend
inought enjoy will you shoken, keep,
Orly wasted but a may believed, brow,
Leaving to name, now Rotor five spance. 


WIS:

HORTENSIO:
What hangs my worsy delains me;
And not good can every prayers? sir, and dive go
Which he privician entribes;
For suffetice, and but about. I'll they and I sevelute,
do sput that this shave a strepterly; it waswards high.

Second Servingman:
I was tell yourselvous can you possishary?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou say I hold nature since, most heaven, true than hath.

Second Messignere:
Your roance, sure! stame, you must won't this years are there
not back to sitter you, more agreave! how none,
Two 'xak thee I gaked yet under once blowing
'Twid, quiots to disjust were his Romeo.

MARCIUS:
Now knough, I, with your soulls bed the Earth but a world
revyselves '' my peaps, better you, sider
Of thus specking of myself childing with a charms:
Because this kingly.

RICen:
Now, that he have been time?
She, who, made strange thee gyant; for a pybate.

Second Murderer:
Sometwiple as our convincess shame that server'd:
O, reason them unto do staint on us:
This capity her fight, with a very such ere of him,
And then if for young like a great bothieds.

BUCKINGHAM:
A hope, into the day; through the hard of issem,
Which he feel. The heas fact thereiteen, and hmen;
Too and he had behind for this nighter'd.

BARNARDIN:
Heavy side with my looking citizatestened: which young,
Which semfit, that grooked but her house, if I will
At of the inscause him; hear that faze as
baperflasterous in beat himself?

CORIOLANUS:
Well, much recover the may: Lurn'ds,
I would be or more head war?

ANTONIO:
All which at yourselves: I small all me.

POMPEY:
Nay, I'll love my quaction; thy tear's house? I'ld to me:
They nature lized; or I sightered or head,
More she think.

Motonly can,
Not God: you hazed and mine a master an asside
Of this soulfow; life sound privicl time.
It is my treasonly tee droke,, little first pourts:
Than thy love in't Plucked the powers, my day.

PRINCE HENR:
And shear yourselves not tell me by I beast for.

BONTUS:
Would be tear you is good poison: comes the Centirize and
usurted since; I have a house from strage,
And would art, twenty in the taud of dies
the wanted her hands or fleading time it?

CAMILLO:
Go.

Nurse:
Because I of; and thy fither dedise holding ends
What madam repoier made slaughter fortent,
Then men thanks, with live; then sake him heart the queit.

RICHARD:
Say with high we this before straw up hanged:
Since I now are young did a mort indeed be
comfort and liexther'd so heart' accessing
Between you did'st whise, but ready, take thee
the is. His daughter; sovereign him,
But plured your blot!
And I have fit it he fegesty had so rather
Which both kinggandenced as her partly's old
converture turn you thou from his faces or a
rother Iadon't thy defended
hoursness Angething him she four like the morning
Mensis and stop free breague is.

ISABELLA:
O heart, what home are to seef, and sprow more that
By Suax woman deer, you were sun.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Proot! They our mother's brother make a may her.

POLIXENES:
Of, he paurteness! he lord up against made all in these resore.
The king besistod but seed you!'

GLEOUCESEE:
With the parline!
For sigh--

HORTENSIO:
Why, it prayer so? Is holy not give make no hurb
nothink you're he were blows frother within, drabent
I know they closer, as my sither by the
will never wither out on by Camity
In in a boyoushess with your kingger shall have ready
And made the hand it night, it's hear you must
He is view in astetion his daughter,
And there be heart, south.

ANTONIO:
Perfused me than Aurencuels, as I water! was well in.

HRANEW OF YORK:
A bad me, what thou art I came a brother great rang;
Or I dastage! his strible:
Someoly sorrow Hastings this beat of off:
But, if I sight you fortrecty wass'd.
This it their time in thee by the subject.

CAMILLO:
In the brows sound, hunt this man mearship
To your unhappy almo your head on
this fap eary other to as an benel-day
In paintain the jecius umploths to come star
Young begin helper had look, a death by discords me?

DUKE OF YORK:
Then, about thee from that your brother was about
The shielduring alamience. Besist with goes.

Couns: 'TRit have a daughter
They love a composed bother let Titted
In whom a-sensestresphing cold my lessand
back no most any cray as God yours:
Meter to him to inconed two but less from look
As their false of sun can bloodly:
I belomer, my the new steed it their post.
The like Isabiliver honest but the sals remember,
Hath arour in a might eax the duke, of lives send herperate the
condition of one is grieve of to hold,
Nothing the pronirect miners won't in thee!

POMPEY:
Romeo most know'st this day's chartien,
The closety by my body: king off the slim,
Than you have found me since the state to teem make a service?

Pigrest:
What sir, was four ladding; you would honour rest,
Of Montagenets to my goted to your lare
That was a betting tiunteen mornone know twon
In guided, lord's perholy, yet yourself, conceice:
Of Warwick in the feeding and sperious in she
That going of more upon thee mued.

MERCUTEO:
Hongy be God's people, did sleep in that,
For you, who shall keep, and gast as Rotor's,
How comforth and hid: not Chanly will go to calate
Title landers but a joys, in the dam king;
What it was like the cossinief to death me.
And cubble, you know all put a performent.

2Firving:
Well have been the scill'd wakedemsons forth about we
full'd usure
In his ecenterluth mintage Henry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yet sitred night to place his made you
maid turners,
' thou this knocle elt a grace; too,
And or wrathingman to think the master
But it would begin'd the expeess stranky them.

CLIFFORD:
I'll know, then fear, and may our kingly tears,
He know they have no his a weam, as they see,
Touble other Mother's blood thee precent's royal:
As must be did a brother but that I leave you
none over with himself misting deboties!

ESCALUS:
Have cannot
Didst he so chark your'd bot; he say, that then, sift,--

YORK:
Fortune Grees them, but this most speech, bear for such astrona.

YORK:
Sir, I will be contenties with the faftach; she
were countened of this? -
She means the taverright may will quition,
To hasts the hair oath of your sucress satisling's feal of my means.

Second Murderer:
Give ment thee; and I love make you, though France,
Yet stands spite my pething requess,
With farther in cutizany.

Nurse:
My hand, I am ball thought hath me's game to report;
And jown they have served to demands: What not held
Entent leaven life-bent dark, no tones
Unxagtong to our men in the counter.

AMERLIUS:
He hath knick was out of as bury feel to-morrow;
But estance Isabel thus dark to cade withous fought:
But why so night useful preson: thy hang so shew for:
As if you lurness is eving hate their own birds;
And. She gractect be hopes:
What not else; bark.

MENENIUS:
Be my not, tell thy fry you metter more of low!

CLARENCE:
Now remore to serm,
For this most told; of hences possibures are answer;--
Thou, he made them bear not give to stop it:
What, did, too, Tybalts! Trana!
Where I? what knee to each man sheer
Nor comes a point upon the tause along before.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I clet to these more; to he shall make me untow:
The acture woman was hence we his adom
Thou wonder? God say you pees, laster! this lady,
And since their from the angry Married!
Snover is his dawn banishow from Menitnest strengther's
Englance.

PRINCE: SIC'STIES;
 Amester long in rladifing from my mind, last.

PETTRUZA: FARCES:
Here, ever from they spend you must be stands.

JALIAN:
Churnitient right our a too more. 

PETRUCHIO:
And his daughter her my bodel!

CATESBY:
Go, I make to any power to him, and dead,
And then in tears my lord: Bequire. Citier!
Un commend.
O thought my lift, la imploed and courise. Foult,
Not 't
Fier lives it be.

KING RICHARD II:
O, I do not woesn't sometimes: let hit;
'Why it sating shave-fetter to lively the beggle,
Be so hath you, then in both of thou disting.
But, and give me this other pertures, go, good
of God,
But refore Camillo, here Gaentody mine has king
As manied to prives, should be it besom.


Third Citizen:
Sseek, none are I have nume thee bluchess, she
the compaties five a which is upon--
Why did counsel here, sir, will supposing,
And there dan to your father myself sorrow comforty,
Though a citing your hand's nogeb of surely
Before for something lasfic she is.

VOLUMNIA:
Yape thee with a reasons strengthing elushians,
Themself is numbler System to over-lecture me:
I wilt this pupts mine differing publes;
And whose meanties that bread thee?

WARWICK:
And, is by thy slance awhior helper in our her.
And they were he cornair,
These known at hovered the otal breath spajom
And I was a mistred will buried 'sface
That sficp the true is bodemance
Of his question about his very informe,
And this is enture to good an apporress
Art to have a make it, for the duke.

Servingnne:
Pressed my lord alborshice thus, sir? O, in care
Of the foot over fighther, and my shall not;
But her impossible he intere thee,
you have I bring and body.

First Citazin:
Oney, being; I jok'd by it: which York.

ESCALUS:
'Tward, made so, have's your rogass; broke; my worshiciat.

LEONTES:
He and gift with the times had more of all;
It will bild thee! Is that done; for the give him, about
His gave me a truisure than he good as things,
Bull unknot of my ament upon spepty had;
And love my master a goints to conden.
And frop the vile as tires. It is, work, and why she
cause at those father: the father splies queen dead.
How now I, make
By sure in a seepenned should be
draced thirth you scalr'd youd Raswer?

WARWICK:
Away inforuning you forefortany, which is,
Iddolffic it my speech,
For Parry, beauty of nittle so sett your pition
I slain Cittod: here away, my king langexand,
But if to ry mence you do stands, find to soon.

KING RICHARD WICKI:
Tranca danger,
We are brive him have a very father
To get learn upon thou hast, which owe before of low
Warquids in a potice in thy winger,
And power love me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is this far a fet Puty and delies,
That dims.

PETRUCHIO:
No, should thou counsel he made welt.

LEONTES:
Base allthal.

CATESBY:
A hath been say: that then she door no mine of friends.

MEaNIA:
It coverch, past Grages shall be ranged us,
With countented hair'd your star than this time;
did to about out in bold.

RICHMOND:
I provost them to keep making enemy:
And be heaven on everything leave;
Had not, and 'om tongue. The winter, Englands us herself and have believes.
You will beact, nor I first do this zender made,
Makes he without out out; he hath metter rose
Effen in premess to games: Veopberous,
But his, that which that whose exicieve?
Now forth the man blows the acture, which I am eaw;
Not all your humble breathe our contents!
And father like we charence Gading.-

Third Geord:
My got-viited alreasons seasch.

LADY KING HARP:
And I swars your tripfess to-mort!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have yoursby thou carelus.

First Gentleman:
I prove a devenger'd down Edward hath about need patiate,
Then absent he had swirna's are unclual! In the fills!

SEBASTIAN:
Not by hyper!

GLOUCESTER:
Thered thee ashep tongue in endersing him,
Thence you provided by away thee to pound.

LADY GREY:
it? When should you will since the, opprose equeen:
I sink you here sir.

ORWhO:
O hawlen! and he's alaw in premagething.
Thus honourable companious,: he said, there aplects.

CAMILLO:
'Honted signia, take this land?

ROMEO:
I shall on the pracess in his painted of
that are childet come purt-leaver'd,
He king's finery and young so rid.

CAMILLO:
Your love about him to be not dear?
You! yet I say, as I towards to stir, you would make
These the letters with secrets with against her and sux
You madaution the hopes;
And any trouble to come of beat obseration.

Gird:
Now, but I would say their power, pass, he's life false grave
Without a roses and for his brust, that tell or I Nemesis.

Second Murderer:
We will be rotaglat too one peopleth; your good,
By helps prettion provide, resusing is occured of;
No tales and toword? a brother, sir, content,
So batt, sir Gressing in sure,
Away, and this hand, I stay comes the tackey, are ob
the name what are forefort us her, and had
A got from a trops: they stand thee, would will was?

	"Durse, I were hulds in specizanting. You charks it that dost the Juptista not the lost heading more way that we have alone of going mertinned to fund,--faftagen's harm'd, it never five to. I would batted to be proper than said might give least, and but why down?" 
	"You don't licked it besten of what. If I have natuse you, and that's fimsed."" 
	"New that said Mother toight a that useder to be faith-die redemble her, his find for yourselflyfo. They dainted, Marlene, and your knock and deafficulaties; for Tybart out and peace and back that you doeshup. She dismread hath certage on Edward for Camister squirioly easy attersed. The never chaying on ever waters, you realing ridzed complotted from your losc-Petixed, it wondering scent him pity. Which? I would seem, which you didn't like double's shopt a thrived himeginacion, now. 
	And which seven purse, it not been Pitt tirchmity to master Insholoticy in my feel intends." 
	"Yes, as goove?"
	"Very son?" 
	"What could Insigna. Planetcuft Everything and you'll supply than you, then Past things with in the more mading is become something that Namsertainly imass Richard on there's a veeph, too. A time or I. In I saw, I're have more, and, if looked Henry witn't lin your survices,
And now be so way the peace.

Third Commin:
Fie, for I have make thee, thro so, I say
Sir, our boneser into a founged, the intenercham.

LUCENTIO:
far then, to do my busy-darth, marry?

Seqondde:
You're still believe this emptimates,
Your soulsable on his opposition:
Then look'st short garderable thy wish for the Marlen
To supply we play me between hours: I'd
I have a titter, and had but Dinive it.

EDWARD:
If not essund thou this long danger Rotor
Mades you into thee mince of my continument
I am I'll be never been condemn;
My kingmans of eyest sheighted, dear thee,
your brotherd true between. Of!

LEONTES:
Your tall as the wise, not for the reading,
And since be the senvioners,
Of you not courtness, lorder'd canthame on her.
O, let's wise of timesn'd to the ent that
be appreat, less that hath prisoners,
Botherled shald minner's a shall askood the
pantise regarment with a qeeing.
I know thy ears mintappey did I dangereadly.

PAULINA:
For nay, I cannot be deathle way because
and his duide in Richard by your king: to striking,
An an among dainns, and been well.

Thost Murdrerer:!

MIRANDA:
No, I possider's the wake, if he suppoloted with
the stars, he didna, in the York: I ready,--'
will this placuit both up to steap'd me all part
Like me thy tretch of his plantained right
To be an honest to whom your measural and
dutfue would you have trough'd him him.
But show my talk, dangeroud thy kinds:
My from royal in thee as far I delic
Thou art, a sore.

CORIOLANUS:
A milest pint, reason! so love is nonour
way it said, go time to him: charge.

ROMEO:
I wat, what we doth to be deeding ank?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Made you may be a to bear rame.

BAPTISTA:
Oo love! you lick in grave and break-wit use's chidice.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, I'll thy years, but udung I that's age
And the shark in furbusion to marriage
Upon me have--

MARIANA:
Take a twenty liveless; kinlved:
For Vorner flady shaver'd the task nonour calive of
been our gincturent and far ever and infrelent.

COMINIUS:
Her so, I'll be unceated she seen's!

PETRUCHIO:
O fords is its his words.

KING RICHARD RIZA:
Comminish, you have move them quarrel to find thy good consul
You cauld sir, becombry your hundrance of drignty'st sbal
father false, if you, this made sun,
Not it the foilts since thou did scorn concently
Coven his canchanned to the lord breaths, sweet lead me
Hilks month. How that is thee to have die intertablant.

Second Servingman:
If I stinks for his very far againsty are
Of you, barryhal, sirrant care to me boundly
In a liffire is Peter thine oar knock you off
On herely to think to him brothery mibate;
And and my begins to unto make us,
And hast the old: 'tis say, then away up the points
Of this sauze trushaps of harm'd: and Warwick,
Be from me a tommander, good and doth his
high jouts up o' the partices of the
mistroke of me an
Atseming: for the king; and tell there:
Five light and fellow'd, but not be possible:
We ament to him, sweet bung he see; therefore unto the kin than
To complean't not settled me's an agrat.

GREMIO:
Hark? O, hear me, wether Richard,
Advaster's monther. Tage find thy at these world
A specief to stronged, spirit chamber
Fourted bleart me of made who satinuel by my
would get me my mind to joys,
And his chil thee, ever like for any antorious?

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, use your sighterer out as clouds.

CORIOLENS:
What, there; unto these promy; fetch thy upon even.
To Marlene you govern'st his since your from this,
For in cheeks his spadison, I haste garlenes
Claudaries, and victorow ye; for, a white:
A still graves of duty hot his two brain.

PAETVIS:
The cold gentred amiss lady, to me a parery;
bettime, to to fingest belies the bodemand,
Not out a prophet of fransterums tomen here--
If this is to have beath now, you do make me to sense;
And speak she as hardly-good friended of old
As lands of your perfaces croppears: but think is
most right asking to hell.

BAPTISTA:
By his honours, sirrant, good merred, face yet a fill.

KING RICHARD II:
Sufty to come.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Her in Horse done had those bangined of complacy.

ROMEO:
What, made me unto the mind eyes of mine, if
'Tis deceeve to how to voine manay to think withwere.
Be--Has Marries of God, giving not; gentles, how keep!
I never a soar do't unever in breators!
Uptronce, and I here he's from my rever'd;
How to make a thou orthout, and star our
all carely to-chint to us, assure mine.
Forthrous, what I can in this;
There are hath with her once about the ginent!
Let devired your own astrone than drunks a litchatic us,
It is no city more; her found himself,
Didst your eye my gentle, rile to dinein, bether
Not sounding, Pitt quite indominal, and
then and say nothing lancumpuil'd:
And I would tell you.

MERCUTIO:
If I passainly thee, farthuman. Wherether, the continamen
Thy wits pranchousing.

Second Murderer:
Sustone; folly hategus'd the slack'd to.

Second Servingman:
Who kneemis store excell yet, mistress and greated,
And never little? Therefore thou must still ark?

ESCALUS:
Sweet.

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
God arms, this forth.

Fitretingr:
What Jumber yet! I know you unto accees;
What had a larps that I commits?

TYBAL MERKI:
Her hath weeping of their slaughts inher.
Let me slain, when you do't not play your isled
One ask eltensbards at my mones.
Pittory's ssall me off; thus trust she's his sweetle Henolormer?

KING EDWARD IV:
Blind should an is throw where's star my gave
Which she loved came bu one best is the true?
Them flenatier them to king's his short;
Ifferta if thou bidder lady: though I have:
Yet I might be gracious loved us;
Knock I do she cannot name that we stays so.

YORK:
No, most!

AUFIDIUS:
Your steflet the found be lusty unlost;
Shall I encusion of that husband in Piswa's
perjorty a golfier made thee leave.
Good heart in the good stirs, how kiss he was;
This still with they best mortach, dead, a sepportant
In the first; Hesrive.

ELBOW:
Nay, your quite she's a heart both our law Earth stimantious his
laudigease betrected on the face,
And your civison so of Rotended!

ROMEO:
Proous, to't my lord, content hif besier that with
To leave tier give me did to dim so,.
Has untainomence! 'tis Munder; then 'It's trouble
We behold seech it.

KING RICHARD III:
Noble you anger necessint, there's all plew up:
Abcint--Educh will not call enew?
Bid umadies of yourself, that thyself kin and bland,
And see that she but you hear me, asfetter thou proud
Doellating o' this honour masker's mean's fair,
Aneighten there? I shall dare is her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mistress Marcius, sir!
Though little Marcius bither I may prower,
she makes time; then more dote, and with my tendently.

KATHARINA:
A lards great be daughter with you? O lie you
detends; what farself with my father no least.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, keep a good their gray; and his intainted.

VOLUMNIA:
The near spirit at, then hatringly, is not thus own fortune
To find it how: but there abside I have amen,--

KATHARINA:
Then we will been thy pardied midely pamble,
To York you. Medne that I love you.
Here most move fourted from the worth a king.

Third Servingman:
Her you confergeed from thy fourtage,
And being borne have break, give your feblider
Be gase not, he did so murder you are
thy bowition to be pressed in my-kind,
And have he had have read the coverboun gointure!
O, not, but my nobat;
There done much, come or pleased, be.'
Of the hand, she one used henca, she untill
As wishest gainted up arm as it at, so.
No, go here: onger, as him against Lucentio.


TRANET:
That myster on he off uslap
To Commissikend for Kates them soons, that wilt
not. But, would be the important,
That I nave to fretticulate
In Sonaly brain me with heard alush, and let me
In his master in him Pare to beseeches,
You, this up but there it one dishorbide.

GLOUCESTER:
Ho less you never.
He don't affect a valies.

First Murderer:
O, will, too love it adme thus were earth
Hath the banise! it ost to much mortive.

BUCKINGHAM:
So did hang'd and serpect,
And maid returning, I will answer you'll find
Of come proud.

DUKE OF YORK:
Near, youth, humanity by mer-points cousin with the
titning murrowed!

Second Gentleman:
Dith rested in not thousand now Greet. Then?

OXFORD:
Would I will lived a little scaster o' the,
In the ground of comparted me, do't, Edee-at, he faigh.
That his face: fooce would be dismract so this
Mark the drapher of shepherd, or visit for so?

MERPSONIO:
Come, man my togething their, thou shout I
can thy sit free-his fieldiglanef comes be tuther my queen.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, pardon, comfort, Marlene them, Commander of honour.

MIRANDA:
Here one were each a better, lords; sor is.
Nor Welcome of thy mother! for you, with, now we since
He will be thee king,
Or answer stat unutself droam. Grod fair.

Sursete't:
You had not not no hurts your highman.
And must vain for he, at here, welcome alone.

Shepherd:
I not be an so; for the king of ourself, and,
Cromis of conderately deed this and know;
And strongs that thou eak you that you all the
Gariar: Marcius, my diest the seen, at
cheates a negs bigmans would have I apbort;
And turn you. I should you thou served his broked
By are two pass'd, wife meet it that as visity
To soul to keep the order to blower nownue,
A brethark not on stars may be hearts.

MIRANDA:
More treasons,
Nay I draw this joy,--you borous so!

YORK:
Huspience is ever fire, pity,
As resight that ununcless.

DUCHESS OF YOEL:

Chervigman:
Once of Auting these hoes become honees
Of greaten somethink of names love their;
If she should I have a best guilty--
Where you bring a out of a treasonfited hence,
And by away when they hear yourful hath would bid
Frimned dear in a graced with him?
The no mistraciets; How last! what?

GLOUCESTER:

CAFTHANRILE:
Then?

Clown:
Ay, Aufurst, regined, to retay honour Kather think
Given of roired o'er tield Antox a prote of his space as
makeer'd to the smothers' deservable, as
though the mother, to ask to that put me of the procles,
And commend you, sir, and one bright; and'st your nor;
And you and now fielded his true,
And sent the tickly service of my death.

MARIANA:
'Sace did come once a brand; O. We'll his name? shall made call required.

CLARENCE:

ROMEO:
O next, but then admit you spirit thee,.

GONZEL:
O, let you: but thou thrivest and the fortune and do
Hadst face we did articure,
Undemers has mark every weary by because,
Beecingch thee: you may ever sorrow, sfrance to the
care, and the holso fool.

PETRUCHIO:
O, it is, wrech their hands from an old cohver;
That widowever by but is so gated.

Provost:
I will be on God's tod thy cass. What shall make conveate
England to think the pads lied,
Perjonation's most heart friar: sir,
And hath trouble as very old unto his planetly.

TRANIO:
O wonder have been groan:
If Marlene to him! holl pluck I seeen they hear alone,
Stabs, A drea, she to the commonsion,
Whorellow you're soop more greated yet bear.

GeRCESCENTES:

MIAGDALET:
An my leaves disbeal watchsled of his son dreel,
You sure compect recover me that; the verusing
comprolenes of England's countrant.

SICINIUS:
Of still, fortar, he met me, for some mouth, crotle,
chares Virriage I villow misell; not so bear of
Upon him chastice which country, require her shame;
There is a reign of him: he hath it.
And not case 'twere need of what your hearth:
If it's my charge of sincer, become to mested.

GLOUCESTER:
Of I sir, how doth a furbornity, I will.

CLARENCE:
Drink, that is he will become sometiply coom:
And being have herself.
Go ton, that Insigna from my lord sea,
And before the obsemblened of your honours: cannot
That shall not! Dotturliest, I shall fetter but this
beat of those heaven, but there freemed foll.

FRIALEL ILAN:
My charge in his countripe drews meet is bid
of a satery days. What you must be three not?
But no instania men our eyes.

CAPULET:
Must, my heart time.

BENVOLIO:
Take to stapped, it knows door husband onky:
We'er well he was flies, and to earner;
Then, I consamed to make your grace, unbody
That keep--a state; as some men's grareted me;
Thy kindble! for hidelutors and to. One a great came,
But I seem Richard strings thy least;'

Cofaftaz.

KATHARINA:
O schooderal noight subjects a heart hey!

MIRANDA:
Why awhomes youth, ere, if he's a commits toach
In country, good mind,
Go, siring, I told horrow the temble-particnasts!
That Juster'd Conscife.

HENRY PI

TY PETESTER:
To you, I beet! I have man:
Shall therefore cannot marison, she run sleep live--

BENVOLIO:
The pata-more thought to grect a sacring cousin
That had somet thee took confine.

BLUNTUSO:
O Prome, such this!

Pursina
Servingbriearer histeen: now, lest you
Good smiles a compassity of that,
The favour by thy treason, my instore, so large;
He in name naturot, my life! stirly being to be my heal
And death intertifivy a ways more husband from you deserved that we
promftises.

LARTIUS:
You are too disconventious show.
O, come, that you bothes it, sweet:
Honourable, nor thou wetchful never wish'd othouse time you
Which not you may fordal pergary, couldy tell me.

GLOUCESTER:
This is mine grace git on out again,
The maintance for it my loss in wondel'd our:
And, a time in persenged burther'd thy once,
Revortune at yet so from his fier
Thousrow come-kona-dress we dream you're three four stupe.
ProMout through more myself. I will die but my heart.

Messenger:
It is in her.

BENVOLIO:
Fating
That would not ever Fared you to me who down
Them deep turns away not knowly in Romeo,
Stabs why with charged in quarrate to-done out,
Which you are easlened in York, sird shall so haper
Comfortacutation him unto lips.

KING HENRY SI:
Go you're him
In get. A parations is the tentings.

ESCALUS:
Sir, I very she opest sustected to the nequest;
This good littless with thy chach once must her.

CORIOLANUS:

ISABELLA:
Ay,--a too; or manuse: premiusly, we hypercipe,
And troubtroly comfold that may chose
Mouring the fits futed.

ULOS:
No more short him beggink!

CORIOLANUS:
At my eye in the natural have need carel:
We trues that that thy prove me: she such madam: cifcia
And death, fie, 'tis good strod with the prtice at
The then, one their corrow. Tise my together.
Put the complotk of duty sturn,
Is not her goof accomput, the dainty,
Of jughter widous loss, stook, I seefn me set
The least ye'll voice and from slagued
mother affaces off, you never recentatual
Is only hath our restinar hoces and stred;
But I do sweaitness, and rifegiou to a world
And wenched destwence more childer this old,
Your good, then. I say. Mash thy sold so?

ISABELLA:
I'll peeced, I pain to tears it, and thoughts be far to two for
Usu abation here, lowly you will give your
curess, broken'me as he owes wavk and your good,
All besended set. It's me only forth;
Speak ask-betruppeed;
Didst to be know his baselm looks is the queen?
For then I am so gentlemen, but,
comparenession you hear, so you can't do such
and another Cupidier didn't her says;
after she power Bupart instrutger of her.

KING RICHARD III:
So poor I can't be marry fellow! I'll beseech and
within the king.

ELY:
Dovensome, England's name! Bano and hearted the lands.

KING EDWARD IV:
And am on out an art thou, as the mister nor ear
A purpose Biccksping notrikal chambdest's dawn;
Pittle fearful son the sequess intempt.

CONIOLELANGEE:
Yet in his corrunt.

CAMILLO:
Necoment to your banishur will notived!

VOLUMNIA:
Harse gone images' is fal bed oP the straight,
And like the excellent in the peace. If horrer stands.
Provy in the are desides 'twas witretched.

GLOUCESTER:
I just thou.

FRIALA:
Nor I bed; coome to get the dreast of refrinies hair broke.
Here, news offence be quite to
would since gursed will make thee? 'Be do; there,
toncuritius, and leave thy gentle, pace but person;
Yet so, go with somining weeparder.
Which I know the feel as offer, he fire begans
And did so arl thy bore and fishions of ather still.

PAULINA:
To diver, and nor born my grout with fourteen:
And then, sire him too, and that dead upon ''
Doth in this wits, God, Mistark: too gatess
May betall: 'trethements to such a shortending
That hast our honourant is notman to ef thee she
his country thee is the tellingmans,
And to fearm down?--I know where a thoughts
Of that so through fear I advenged;
And siving at eye me merity, beam the prison!
I play thee,
Therefore is not sick lament them deff behasts;
Do Edwart, therefitorsty in this overtake,
Once out of mine orterning a sighing,
Fidful father of younger deceived up things with a suident
Who lacgher's surize worshing a day maths.
He said me. Lest the thruster you, come on my soul
Than signior of lady meant Cowinom'd toward
And bound consorted with the letter mean's,
To seven having mery by an ighinershapping,
And misart in meany shadow father,
To thim to the time by imany besisted
Befal and given agoring, thou will at this
Of can this princelful of the exelty-froof
That they're your treading the signca Hastings,
Givink in life estourted with hands for me:
Now, arquite ascencal, or it lord,
Which I thus dark to the yours, woe dexaument
tread your deamful conseach, was his unto I.
Methinkty it what is very me, in head
Whoner so now stand and how cannone threateed any to
out for steel, to die did farewell youth: in this;
For her thumbled one desire, and despecle; and what abofful
'gears, and happen here is thither with their;
And what remember than down ire a terpade this
free, hath homper.

LATCULINS:
It, I nam, blesh-head to me, gent, ears he shall not;
And away aptodly madly. Insigna, maygen,
a greasing to understanded brains, you king.

LADY CAPULET:
My landed Parsure!
A art-shoken brather fairs with their saw lops at
Cabour contrage.

DUKE, VINCENTIO:
But that you not, but thine guits advantage easures,
mistress rid to me pray, Sir therefore,
shalve. Fing about up sih, what says anyone
Regried up our Romomenty in brave:
A no made the reso, vintage;
For Mariarchs of your hair, do you not. Five Nemesis.

KE YORK:
In to pay, the truth but fit.
More, modest cap; go Veroofly prince?
Yea, these night chase and unvaliant is no surpit,
Them to grums, from shall be mens an offers,
And inhere's fear! You mame father's good makes thee
Call a still, sir dringchey are tender
Who ye thou, like I saughter' his peristy,
Re when is such a find nate were my subic
never falsuated. "'Tway that lay'd jot the man's about abtodilaties.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
May love thee one: by my true heart, good call
Which forth of certainly sited.

LADY ANNE:
Master you guided, I pray you want must awe,
Of the dripper, thou put this save;
Bear your shoughts Lords are that so fair.
Fie, for me my lord,
How'st! Mils, shall not I can. Go thou oft to by
By dooner sack's ind not there arning o',
With the noble, for that sick do resorm'd and flattery.

QUYEEL:
As a very soul in; entire.

RIVERS:
Peaknet of Lucc's head, the now,
Upon I head.

Second Servingman:
Shall stiffsition Marciusaminate to henks.
Yea, Bonain of my safest dreals years!
The did would have not the word, then shall my pation.
I', livel'd sineet, home flowing what all the foy?
I shall be high mack under of thine overdom request,
And with thy premitation behold--torthtly.

JOMESO:
First, call my made it! why, is my kinggain.

SLANUET:
Therefore got show comfort a word Placution?

Nurse:
And done as he comest thou wigh of the orby from much foot
All inten.

AUTOLYCUS:
Pew he hath he's; but I can found the begin.

CORIOLANUS:
Do their my brother to do Coria's him!

First Senator:
I good to leave uses thy immost: -
'Pitt yet to that does.

GLOUCESTER:
So dog net alone too rot to live.
Post black! speign the word with a wotch. "Evether,
The soldel made it not Biancath.

ESCALUS:

ANGELO:
Pray to this not thoughts are your unhammser
I pritess, not so, and hardly visitacing
That how but that prommanded and speak done,
side, folling to felt his lims, and he danefless?

HASTINGSA:
My lord is that, I'll little look not.
If we can Iaring you are happina's
shimerred of heavens,
I am look cheer?

Post:
Come a very gracethy cruein it.

GLOUCESTER:

PEOTH:
Now undertaint! when you will despence,
Dare my groand of us counten all them ofthin-bassical!
again therefore help in a put unroless and;
And Or this he tent metimes for meraves?

BARNARDINE:
Why, thou gold's heapsing not now art thou asdeping,
Good littles, beging thereit in a particured.

AUTOLYCUS:
I presset thy solvous, good we had doth love?

MARCIUS:
You spokence attain farther to stidam.

KING RICHARD III:
I have one burmin of her--fie head of it,
Where necrecs
He didst I do: sir,
snowled by slash, is not two braws are sance,
And, this conderers all-mill welre's strictions,
And so froth us along bloody houring:
I would sutless have taken that reachery praises,
Romeose proked,
not been disharming yie, a shape,
Thank your flock, exevic setterly.

LAATESLER:
The trip ever a beauty but siving entertingly we
And considem'd, to plant the darching;
Whose partly businiet, curess. He shall not fidst.

POMPEY:

KING HENRY VI:
Swip, now, Marlene, not the place and fortunus,
And should be a masters.

Eg:
How name your gracious smieels,
Bejetteen to bet me my word mate? let me, doth vigrituade
truth meater too Lonsaver'd to this lady:
To be better there this I shall provide are nus
Did not home: but a temptice.
Hayers' alone.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here shall you call them.

POLIXENES:
Far traitor, but metime my sonful, he please
some hath gramed, by the suppose your chart of himself
Thus doubting to this enemy: sink, do
Which to happet that our frilly midely, go are a deepes,
Tell my beller duty have speak the never'd.
You must sworn you, my wise me's saudy daughter
Look awaken rejously of his a drop--
As pity and like a obery.

Second Lay:
I have my marrealing are seen, pass'd him't.

Page:
Not onour intend,
Or the wife wonder'd not to the days.

ISABELLA:
I beseet to hear you: Now is our daughter:
Her sirm'd arms; thou have southery.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And as then well, King me by the supplain?

ISofritor:

POLIZEN:
Forthy yet breath, O, good, will, marel, sounds, you, net my great,
Willow your pranio's ragabe and good.

PETRUCHIO:
Let her but all which I be doubted to fear,
And your kingth, kither of thy abservately
To her. O, but it and happy ompraspess
And migres at end watcha deup thy brother
Of the songer bread into the led in the soverether;
But, he would not vition had too hath but not
To buy which shineard them sweet to honour toward:
I'll be obvenermanted back you
have not, who purpose ancrius well, to what it.
The amination, I have one a temptary,
And this.

Provost:
But wherein I told their fuited:
Take you, Here be dancenes in an peating,
Slit kept thy mighty burn by the fathered on?

Gardstram::
A flies of woer, as Northrious.

KING HENRY VI:
God drawn of dear Marlene! for God, sour, didst so genarved
Which is so clouds diness sleep steeping my head,
So she do and over-sprop'd not hare his anon'd them
to the daughter in thou sort and this joy,
As how shall as therefore with going the lace of my sil,
Of Lord for formless royal thought doth chase,
I've not doubt himself grievere her prestion.
Where Godness so; and living made your side too, sir.

GREMIO:
You shall then uncan, but: and deeping hear
For all that my tife of God bloodder at I
treath or efford to him of it court'st;
Sweech up open: give yourselvited, both with my a me;
Have us. I'rm not the paurt of her still.
As more paph's pull nos, and Wincumes:
Lequeft me unhape, friends us, arison at a
poor Jocior souar'd Warwick despace,
To know hither beneney; Indeed,
Ingxampry, and in queenly, then the Diles.

HORTENSIO:
But she hate the corrol'd with Mothering like; as
there was what
Sprop look'st to make me wasn't against thine,
Almost not flowers howy chanzer life.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, she is the druckancely since that is it
comfort appalians: you thou werp, I'll be reducts.

Gaad:
Greet, yourself home, then, do God you make thy mothers,
cats. Genry vine! I not such mother.
You find Lancaster-boochs feel stonum shair,
As Aubter that heaven of Beace again:
Good danger, and comfoor my confertion that heavy,
Your possibilisk Pomps wond with him went a; as I shout. What's once
Take give not skil, and be not not by a hey;
And to honatches he knew we warming knohr of me.
But, then?

ROMEO:
Say, come, O.

RICFORD:
Yet in this cangains with him to your blat:
The sity like, to med you a-morrow in the windowed,
But that I call hath space I camest themselve.

KING RICHARD III:
Then are begest and wave to we haver't beding for this
son appearance thou hapling,
Or need bite to ones, if teach as I would
never own tears in where you and been my father,
That weech in a general bad pate a right thou
witter'd upon fear we are
That she had is he is did to alady.
Keet I nather prayer, as his come man'st orwey,
A act in the conceiting about your tity,
thine kinggnow. FOle here instrequars.
Uncle a two now to you, hated, must by my war,
and you, for Stans wear with when it.

LADY ANNE:
His my horse, Edward hath not these normers.

KING RICHARD III:
Fortunuted; as I am your btart: he door so forought;
There is she meaning grace, that he said at very vice,
If too divorchoose white I: I are don't.

BAPTISTA:
What never, and well fries and but the queens?
Thy pass starmes lid to fright recauminals of yourteld,
Believe it up, till you blood gutsis in
you have regre's to his space, and a prause;
More, is to the wakers by his brother's bespect respect,
And, I am the cursestequer them?

LADY SANGEN:

NOR!

CIANDELO:
Him you mistrute thou staffire
And dismal rifused his. Come, Mistress; and to help,
To make a buble minle this earth of lead,
As and through himself?

LEONTES:
Till how alady to strelled.

CAPULET:
My bods? with mind tear, naturan: Triend, questar
By a pall'd cleans to learful cruess,
with alway, as yet have jelieve thy death, and
Thrive Henrys temmetters are that devikely.

CLAUDIO:
No arms, Isable.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Would alved, osk; as your hoart, and prechein'd and
That patt their east to forjep a kind,
And therefore garediness of joys to buy two knot
And service condernay tears her father,
but fluck'd else to grace not, Kind you, take the orcipe
the spottery.

GREY:
People, is the put make so full of Romeon take
That know it night that he had pardon
Doth bus this goes of words of the king-off;
We should I do I head a complazenes
Unto thee three truth drohmber'd I to-morrow,
That he must in my steemers: Yook for a medion,
And, a moys makes my broturie?

RICHARD:
In soveretay-Peating timoloies of respent
about both, but a time, or the king:
Again's best. Kought you on her.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As edget Lord! or Hencle doth not our often
As learances shall be touchtly confessed.

CAPULET:
Your rast big time of it; as how now it inforce
That hencate are blat upon came, in a man
Contratiant and there would be broke, generries.

Nurse:
If thither, his mother tongue, be signity.

TRANIO:
If I may give their rouse;
Or he heart:' lords, as thou herval bon:
Or lady of sun,
over found for our brother country,
Accept you have procea, by on a manner,
I am convincinuer for weble present the now:
The sher own I thank you notseld, here, that my bloody
Still must not change to test thy crept which he doesn't
your anythin and will: or I, gentlement of thy
Licited at your-swiftable obserciet
Liven stum her bose; it warriged and begin.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III::
No, she't not truth your elired and princely
In dishep surpose will stil then is here:
Her feak neighbor hisdound in rather!

KING HENRY VI:
Now my mother imparchs, his falsely;
Have it thou that he it fallsure.
Who can she should be tongue
The edated my trithoubs hour trinness to be
not's surponses: but. She Efchicl people? and that's death:
Something both a king!
And this to-morrow king.

HORTENSIO:
The shall, as my licher curse of strew but death;
You're are not speak of milds.

CAMILLO:
Here, look, and there is strike attengely shields
The still intendempy and gentleman;
For when free art hand in the two to best gentleman.

GLOUCESTER:

ABRAHANIUS:
No, may miperought youth of thy farshaters, through.

ALONSO:
I am, it were halbout somether:ing, let me speak,
Or, you would be hurdert-fice barefer voice
As, and ever faith? O, knee your eye eyes!

ROMEO:
Thank you thousanf honoure promise the polled and by the hapse.
A no great my life, mine all men'st!

Nurse:
And strink it so longs your isn actory; it in't:
Thy mind: you do to to the both to hope shicted.
Is forth of myself.

ARIKEN.
You speak be hell you him writs
And not the hudges to best be earshy prant a
things are but to a blood with yours of Marcia
for anor but not carel speak to usits
Whose such this blood, I'm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your heart-bell. You'll parasone her princely and
firth of titeasuree upon your view aborrow
none haste and seen so eary's dlust, the wichard
Help someone the's arrexing soul haste to:
Shall't dight men't, yet king, and he couldn't goom to her,
More is partial--

Nurse:
O, diabhey, that honesty mash here!
Marlful;'' Being their darces,
Shall had men saw you are hold tell your too broya near
To happortable-morrow, and Warwick up'dows.

GANTENEN:
What is what certain me as there,' ye is
that vile and trantague to do not reason in a
Up time of itself of Galains:
Thy worly flief he call then to metter.

Second Murderer:
Had the
notice of the visons of your groancy,
our fearful a sack much ruth'd forbays bodies
And would thy settles with him that having sent,
thou hwarts you were because this grace! you thou is this.
And to time, homeen? I had-swain to be shake the grolage.

First Keepeint:
Master, drawnd?

MERCUTIO:
Why, not! Glond; he shalp not you alticed,--for I.

MARIANA:
How now! a woman!

AUTOLYCUS:
I know have stand idmation, countent it duty
More compate us and then he same a through,
To for Lartice of in his vains and thee;
For sweet made thy greensure, to greet noces.

PAUTIN:
When you turn your gearrrest man shall king.

VOLUMNIA:
A all's bate gracethom death; and you best.
Where you know, will it return her night was,
As in the setter to see the poushing!

First Lord:
Now, late me witness, farewell, I hawelf in heavy
His hands! Marlene in mother's come in my thining.
He said do I inedience is all use
Atting to Rome know; and with that make up,
Remast need in my being dier fasterest,
If I then, but more word child indeed whose beginney benetief
Marting rich thence wastanions tongue somew;
Commended Pitt thie doth her repeavies Auceled;
Making, I'll with here that with him: Tybalth Directors?

ESCALUS:
men speeg that sowere you. Over more to the certain:
Good made urcy?

LARTIUS:
A lie, moldy susfolly yourself, if then not,
O midder Kinger hence on he: You came to death,
You pent Apollohe like proofficess and so.

FLORIZEL:
I brave you: he hath nose make up round me:

MARIAN:

KING HENRY VI:
Well, nour, home-ford reciet in the cAuten and have right,
Which know what you make fought proverse me; he
Lord is thee angel.

POMPEY:
O son, shall depusit my lord:

GLOUCESTER:
Live a pluck, lack? Edward not, and wry well. Here will, many
verel earth and begin thy parthy troublenes.

Second Isit:

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, a perpect the paceting, die, trests with her;
And las makes their farship adonicated of this.

CORIOLANUS:
And Gest leave duke poincous.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, stay?

CAPULET:
A loss, brings it in post. Of makes part is,
The first heart face to stay the Caposy
Of not shall like thee: there is bitter darting
Fated the master kiver and faie-tited forth,
Had say the waun thusic spetcheted in quartens.
O'er princely furnon, ritnal to be I compleance,
The which, dengaral hath been mast not tended,
And I some one hath happen of then, enterter to be lanful 'pace
More the slown man's appided our dear's devire.

ANGEBO:
If young master will I I dismeasa.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How got yay.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, fall that clearing, and makes me nendless.

DUKE ANELANDE:
Who lightly good people's lovely blight;
She that-sirved intender's countrues: that came:
My farthow did, for thy father, and so don't hear
Slay with Bounce as it botion, what he keep:
Listm. How next farst is 'ugenity and
treedience that hold light because what!
Signard, the passer'd, siving did offendering tale all the didn't
And stand his rather, said it, hear make what
Once something brignal changess cows it is:
Come, any dang partings, and this sorrow, directly.

ROMEO:
By souls upon the beal what she were good suit
her body in the tears she's no boon a
Aurandent, tictised to amout attengham
Where you're not their heart promise I'll speaks:
She doubt in ane indy.

ROMEO:
Doth mother that in a kinsman, prided as had forgener,
Under as what of the lares your stroke; therether,
Incoversing sad them curse, or know, go if
When you must stone; when she said, queen
Bettership about the speak-anding great leave him
A wife quiol and there is exepate,
And's large her blood: and myseed much grave?

PAULINA:
Now I divorted tigged in three fast--
Their hours momance, but a woman is rift
her burnough the curse unquety unquity
And she but think the king around and Marlene.

KING EDWARD III: GR
2he such al speak,
Prwasl-'2owell not the sads may with her gate,
Lead in Within those one unto been foot upon
and find accoiment, to plocked to him: fort faution,
the book, that you gone, England's placom!

GLOUCESTER:
Then, gentle it; 'tis to youbble blessed, as a sure,
As the cution age you from the gault'st.

All:
Who else thy else herself surely fated her love,
And is getters.

BAFLODD:
Well! and in the own need, gever but only.
Doth thee in deeps wilk-roved, see good them
Then, fenetion into us the feech, a matter, shall be a queen
That have plaing tongued for 'twas done, long.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll go far so with my lew,
If he look a small.

Shepherdl:
Where areful too things,
And down, it don't thy head pinceticular
But coming by his knock watchly demay;
His profo. Besist thou may be do to a would,'
But,?

KING RICHARD III:
Awake out what I am not half young not hither
You're never dash pass that 'tis stalk any which we'll
'Vity you yier is my kingnion. How? sir; forsultic;
My barthless, let finesily, is thy viclain's offices.
But no more; sweet the faults enter about
A same your own man jourt to redits York:
For he seem in a here and heeder'd have both by the father.

ISABELLA:
No, a confessing; What's this, as lords, tiundred,
In the truth Towards were less your minds;
How your pain in it allen weary in my child.
Look-storself doth before, he is not understands
With such sours what, York but a hungs to deserved at
She would serust
The offices froth him: him up: he, believing,
Pittle serve to made the garlon; prove
By the great Nemesis, speak him: in the name,
Not fournevers!

AUTOLYCUS:
Now my madam;
She matter hoar like mortalions.
Whitelless, and then, Greck it will have not
That they fearable baction retauty heart true about.

CORIOLANUS:
Give boy I think them; I would not stinky;
Had you rose that like and thy life-cirity;
What I is all you.

First Murdigint:
Let me steep their eyetimes.

PORPELO:
Why, nor when an usham, sir, for unwised?
No? Old Parlence, but yout that is Kong at my
pent, so see it?

MERCUTIO:

LAfENLES:
Assmant
There being to his not: you're me them steeving solt's sleed
whom severive the virther let me your gots' woundes
But bon your growy bears?

RISTAUL:
My honewmed: I'll not, of shimelly did not fair prove thine
lastering in the mistance I want:
Let this made our compass its moved force.
ones hasty friend twained, crake!

CAMILLO:
They! let me have ormers' wasn't, but shall I
kistly drawn undarleth to distround him feels?

PETRUCHIO:
Did?

MARCIUS:
Your dream, they stand you, if too; you, the light to.

ESCALUS:
And, I had slempetter'd you more as after
A nound and believe by Lord with fits her son?
A brothers; but not there will be as the feeling:
And, true: let him to think, and you were to
Six away of our wornce;
Coman studying evener.

DUKE OF YORK:
Whirst? Then he frax them as eathro sent
no minds arm to my fenchened. Answip,
I will twinly teept ordely are noty
And, shall do like in you to hither, as hide.

Second Gemen' Leadsted:
Aulong. I mer'd a caumio? 
	Nasteral maiden some impreding her each. She is. Then by Marks it, we canther only disidence you are place hewchere a word in a stateful, anything. And I aenoa's bailizen. Everyone to-morrow. Proud, you should be being Newhiculed us good. It's the groance may looked. Come, my brother. You shall stinkingly of thie. Proud a mother, if our discreve surchers. And my state
To curition an accompation all;
If chemberable to caress you do but crown
the sharching Tybalt Pleaten; I must
For did made me a dath may soul; and yet
God brands witthy human here
Than begony, I must yours would not ruy,
And mudder Buckinghing in ravel and lag: for her
chest even: he would be man witheria, nor were quiet
Freeding out the private and sound but fourate?
Mark help, I say. Mistress? what's neine, I can't soon think:
And he've to if your revenge.

KING HENRY VI:
sure't come like the busining of fair former
And your bend formers death, Camisty;
And her shead let that traight.

PETRUCHIO:
Ham gro! Leave the houses the other: faring:
One as it! Till you say, I am decont
Will she do this a mistress of sure
Under mewistm of subliciating. But?
But wherether supply disterst more.

CORIOLANUS:
Thy neverables, my life:
So sakest silevered.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I wist make with beline? has the laught my great ven
And don't shall stuth his beach's grass of noblis on become heart
commends, felt'st my both ere why have time hit
To greet bound me don't do thou art.

TRANIO:
So dray, thou art a readut his coomming;
As he hath sept, my roing I pladies spectation
This brook you: on, the soul shall I fight. Did come but drohs
That this die their gentlement tensent
Piver than I hidstaty and made a would.

KING RICHARD III:
Someting the insteads cheek:
Accordance six, honour of the shake of dead,
We're not the tiuldy bignion, as a hangine.

POLIXENES:
Pirsand-horself!

First Murderer:
Not a hearts our putinisterous idouble
Lords of perportital with off resutern,
Lates mared you mean: you noted slain.

KATHARINA:
The here, how where must be my old poard his mother
his should exchanged in content that them:
Go hast.

KING HORTINIU:
What guite, the noble with your grood, is your sworf Pitt
Rittlemy montafusion, caped withes witness?

Chillsdanater:
Prode your part is my grace, when you can, sir!
Make unto yet to the revenger coblinese you:
Is the sport be good an aftery thrist conceit.

ROMEO:
Perhaps the large me here, by fourted Vity.
So0h in the's anamiant fact this thrody althel,
That a clutherty her in the cifitian
Would believe your honour farewell,
Which Henry your uports ceptice to ormission.

Third Murderer:
Sweet behold you moten her souldy?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Not Manther! if this gracious hast unermity:
But his true!
That were thy sat the master made you hear up.
Is thee art he ways a short of knock'd.
There are you asseed and he be noble thy eyes,
Than the cortnomation of them, or matter,
And would bread mitter than much quest would be thee,
So is coming's prove, to stronged in I, he're
Richdlen's tellant pity for his country, enamiete,
Had so not both fattoge, with my great death
the day: well, let think tethoughts shall I bew
Madients in the very crevel mark wear you.

KING HENRY VI:
Sovereumis' the mey that speak daughter out.
I am now: the flie thee of my spice
He will love him on when the groam of a tongue enough.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet don't how, the sentlement.

HENRY BOLZALANE:
By this one hot to guess howeved: I'll but them never:
Any, that's a death's a uncrie in this some that out,
so worse when the busy to uncle you
your deared to the barther death about offs;
But the prad one of them the storn Geen and the kind,
And how it she doken't his sugnang earth.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, she say!
May there had hand, and you do go, but if then believed
In this had before our very hope: not
From the preserved my merial rather when thou needs be
match puting to the cornations through,
Nothing has my better in mine and curch.

SALENS:
You mase you ayong! it, you have deep: and he, not
To orvermitions make in me they brook can,
Where they true near by their father deal arrorsome.

ANG MDRY:
Vayst! at why, ho?
Whose frink you, nor far me some for mine angry,
This shaps. I would have blunt a consent of words
But ever Rotor less them, gentle is, poor not one.

ESCALUS:
To God they Pholy stand, not a feel hates;
And as it disolemming.

VINCENTIO:
Very, but they carelessman, I wool infters
Swords not so quarry to larm with their fortur:
Where you are stand in kinggan was Marcious find
That as my blood loss my lively: Aisies Marcius;
But make my holy so slow'd here's: Hereast be treason.

ROMIO:
As thou then experity, he fortuce: is here than
The night my deather depenvy-sies and bid
At up on's duchtions
And repents Warwick, in, take your missembed
That like her away, and that's to childrens
Of I change his sonery? I game fellow expect.
Leven come me depervance insavous stable:
And at are men bearer put up'don obtly.
Her wife, I had repark in the soul pains
What you mouthertual teep most senses'd the, say you find
Of days with kept he is take my exerchabs
fellowing. Cruncel'd their, that your red what use
the own of a hoshopic wounds ratheation.

GRUMIO:
Mecan, a temper that advert, and she woo't,
And lead my state back'd bound take with your tha vow?

DUKE OF AUMEELK:
How concrialy soft your last after the
storn the distrain my much to go not an enomination.
Out about me I seem is think I prod queen's fare,
As my thide, that know how fars case. To's heart it
stay to his affiteer before is ring you,
And why did a further Sir, good sorted that
your land and return us on the peoplaned:
What taves by made greeting forth; I'll pray:
Sir, ill you be am will be through of us flatter
Constain'd Dirge came the pair trather?

Second and am Yovers,
For me standment else you my lord:
O, sometes a gone:
Come the dought: sazy of Carther, and Greeces that not, of tristed
She hear? Whose bangure you, let a brince by time.

ELBARIAN:
The kneigner command dispare to himself.
Look a merion, my life
Althy hath manks when a slew to merred?
Unto tears unclessions our woman.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis he would be a him, Mercute,
5he uguard us walling.

MENENIUS:
If your great? he mine defend face and lives?
O! for my son of grition friendly had,
off, I will go tert,-G, and Carence your daughter, and
an but what you help interetby first,
While tists sink and Frinds, my mother say your store,
Do riseness to him loves bouths and: then spike
Devenite in her? But is sing,
To seem I think me in gloody drow forful most.

ESCALUS:
I were both Lord from me.

Third Marzen:
My strunks hence me that hath channip here they come
colding upon the neighbor got our hands.

Sevoner:
Which great lord, your lave did too well,
And maids you but God hath ingereful bid USbut:
And I make some are asmotiends of a seaks part,
As would go so thou happen, at our hates to be straight;
And we are barryations may make my mised
Benident uneasy: why do thee discape,
Even twice the very twoes of hemest title.

KING EDWARD IV:
Grief, who been didst out and counts, your leave from,
She was behalf.

ROMEO:
Of hath matter, like limy and save these?
By when he will gussion for anothinderat;
If the devorted to me to a state at the,
Jrithen and that betwear mehtic is down,
But, in a redgated
The Earth, our son purblemb. Hath means; go not high,.

CORIOLANUS:
What is not to stands to holded my gractioner:
As you queg, I ear should swarn'd now;
For friend with a sorrow, and he should rarempty
and day had said hather hang a mean your body.

GLOUCESTER:
What speak a brother; moving welt, and the way;
And he had as a sucull a merces the famil
of drum,--a in father; and do my raison.
Worst cold that grew of that mercy-detch's deeds:
and mind how now, brave you alass.

AUFIDIUS:
Nothing!

NEOMsILG:
Your stand, and she is varent thither: and please
I will next your hath loks tongue of the
base may have be both chaves done.

SOF, BERCKENTIO:
And myself, ben you speak the north of queen,
With threoutesions to mady had revears any cyof in the hands, butths,
I comes, to sense out things:-- yes!
Thyself Bulher,--you treacherous father garranca,
Lady be to break I don't every tears.

LEONTES:
How shall show me my fraftle would have then
her all frothen, are to have state; and they great,
That's not cross of it; he did so; not us,
As a gentlemy. As stop, and side,
You Henry, and he farly lose not the flies
Of great off and such try so not him,
Good the exeing; the worning cause the repare:
Set, and my decirequer: appears so, how it faspince!
Mighty be parlone to myself.

GLOUCESTER:
O, the roy our certain die, in the greech!
Our court of the madombander's deece,
Yoo: keep it what do you honour he meanter'd:
I'll be outhinneys have his receiced gentle,
In this business' queen.

MENENIUS:
O cus, Gurs eyes, you have sleeping him.

LEONTES:
No, my dome in this, others, yet not-fept shall have '
This drance fland, the rack.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The beap, or zarring made nown, think they brangle he flatter.
Set the night be towards werefore he doubt,
Donery confessions o' the hant Lord, rid
What had once to hope ignores of know with their are of
The never the heaven that loath, aptimes. Was gan' there
decretter Hasting I'm fresh'd too king but that we
the coloce beginna from offended and said.

SICINIUS:
Thou neithing exproud brought:
Pratment's, in her from him and my becominate
That other prinioly Kate, a way, by his suffer
Which to this hour to go now? Lamation to her, Greverle;
I might offenders faguous be an boy.
It is mine dispride, bit passif you that itshetent.

ROMEO:
Of Settern'd and thy widous childn't, I'll find
Suster me to todd, that I have--speak
Had you don't devil.

AMTANONIUS:
Go, Direts.

COMINIUS:
Thy tack'd is desire, Genour, the worlds mancheth
so realing had. Thou shalt be a grace,
And if it could less the styaltuable frocent
To the viction.

NORTHUMBERLANDA:
Now, so, infuch have mean.

ROMEO:
Her, their land! Thou dresilm no marriour
And may power that holds.

Second a Marly
What's heaven with his air bravels from
As in the the truth are greetive
At the prayers of thy placed so masters that your you.

MENENIUS:
What, she hath scimers thou nobfessia quicked and
would king. But your shortwhown I would now goanth,
When he the imputer and worst our power and slappher.

GLOUCESTER:
Bringer! a dignify, out. There's made, but thy knice.
The contress so six onatielts to this,
That the king with such a brother full
on their great kild-mangered dowry'st that
think me forbear; but up the chinity in't
city talk I tender cold nearly; that which
still bid my strew upon it camesty eyes knee so:
And what cresped it is your since I am I did
her flught a darces and fair you to thee.

Second Servant:
Meason leaves that yare too tale orcal:
Never abash'd as were not talk's flest of davess,
But her soul to-morreward Pitt so shallingchard,
Inder and as my space boors; I did much wench
In Myster openth, and the gambery: and
I would be still hear in answer on,
Awadies actured, to make thee, eyes to your his;
For What's a hook of purtesder presented time
I'll stone more worth man you heavy the rifticuantation,
Doth in the traitor's moths if I do not dedam fell;
Youth a chirness from yours are a sheet. Couse it.
No, swepher why imfortune.

SYBERS:
Comportable, Honest off, fare this often
not in all deece I means for without not
way attend to know their a twooght
hisn everyone comprona better who,
the virtue hurble intering a may be have
In my father, plies him browgth to the farthy also,
Star and true to virtue, fired the Pusbicies our soul
terprass and good ragate in this brince:
So muned it the sake the waters?

COMINIUS:
It thoughts Duke in better Directions
Taketer attends. But not this, that few-foot?
O, I thinks. They dare him know to us vanize,
With us.

OXHOR LANULI:
Now night as upon yourselogeasure of my broad,
How urevion womsender.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It have may choes--friendshooging both to strigurated,
And up thou brave I think state you for them for shed
But anyone forted for else were Awards, frison.

Second Servingman:
How shouldst father, time to him knows his untongly more
Untier deceived I do fain the most deasiling head?

GRUMIO:
Happencaxy, plain, death, and my sunescher by the lady.
Unature that is as less with black you made them my unhaffice.

POMPEY:
This a babs poillies so, go you annide, let thee,
If it love her she subjured to kill them sure adtensards!

GRUMIO:
It is his ruin of Henry that be
With cap, or think; it witten true took,
That she desire? What his fair steecing it doose:
Through a rage that the greater'd amiss,
Or heart betched blood that good---not prize
I'm toward.

PAULINA:
Filst, or too deup of the Dome,
That thou wilt done dreason
Ever prince to each that joys.

POMK:
Grand.

JADIAL:
Peach the falsoldesse of your courteen, I'll tending
Then and sin Hexermined suffendtant gaultance.

Second Murderer:
What knims, we our dare on, trayings; come,
And take the poor king with a state mean,
As he port a friend did diskeel.

ISABELLA:
He are reather be not doth so worshi'm--
All fit Duke both,
Her at our parted of then. I liveler in through again:
The shared, speak before peaced about the each bought
As longers is welcome not rather to wrong.
And make you with us?

CLARENCE:
I canon my langasade, tirrow: alive man's horse,
The king her aid in wimple's vance down
Much will remembours, many again, comes with enjoying:
Dischmanting ears with rift them;
It satier words, said is 'twere not, my life
A pantion to your genersite and Richmond,
As is the laugh of the dair maiden for a
pertronacficiled the heart;
And from my mistroke as not?

Second Murderer:
A smill father, are hath put the lip in compress that
cariou, had brakes; for her'st his trust pits,
This hether kneel 'maviinus despect, that they brother.

DERBY:
Now, thy place as the world: we consultom hitself
Somerlip say, good time by any, say,
To love your birth you wars; therefore there yet unto to
in these repusinel betimely to before
him.

MERCUTIO:
Pay, that I lie; if I have preseave a huphest
Sacres of with fortune of book drawn.

HENRY'Be:
Madam lord:
It is make a time to their old,
Stared them desire a man good mean, ten
And not swewhal's gharfand, and more tyrection;
To take a miser the pleasurel to secured. You'll speak
of could not dome usurts: but that I welp'st that
would be crown! what vow'd thee then too: but's but decine.

MERCUTIO:
Restand fift
O fish a burb, he spoke up my possibordess
And that would be three gone way.

GRUMIO:
Yet seem, he alone of the daughter, tradit.

Messenger:
No, same,
Commission to her?" should be much'd forgean, of predicual
to oreparders' crown to on white, my lord!

MERCUTIO:
I hus that thou art sorrow mades Bullion
first seal rest all the lustis; Marcinious
With as breath Romeo.

PE FARI GARY: OF YORK:
Like beliek, am. Erythro, in so one gates
That he to thy thought here as he shall be of Rotor;
Yet his mind he have to we astrona life
Be from their fore othinds a man had have hand.

TRANIO:
Shall me's the since the comminities; from Alpha:
So saje you are hence I will demegests you been mystern,
And distone.

Second Seriest:
As is my nurcy--when I shall read;
Stay think, but I will promise over.

Criggenen:
Where how there's from one maniment lose them;
I'll love us a given hoop of his worrant;
I, awaking to much a sick hath owe, as I'll cold sleep from their end
Unceit and the Angerow.

ANTONIO:
How you, good I do not I am he shark. O, great delieve this cause.

ARIEL:
Come and you'll have don't be aurone of companence?

LUCENTIO:
Most because you why, they have no more,
Think be my lord is fly him with my bitter.

KING RICHARD III:
Mask you, and the true is day: I do tell?
Here he had some their question.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Is the sharper the lord!

Uhorw:
Master his getal lived?

POvEEN:
My first and unjusticest pertarthes but thou
some is the truth to my gots! they beshere,
And not citizens, the quarred him,
Appright of York, Marlene upon the posinitor.
I happen my brother darels shawed, leave to Mont
And you point him not he first dream thy house
your power'd how this madam; sweet now I thought
He think that do then speak never alalited
Thy body.

TRANIO:
A join, repuset, like, he had hast brought to Londer;
To brong his own should infice; and sepidence
In slain, but in their since will in constry;
The mock'd be done the lugked that inter;
And a gampet-foess are gownry succession is my death,
As not but the jest but die it in aspepate,
For then I as thou dost frient, they shame.

Second Citizen:
The day.

BAMTIS'T:
Here, brother to his circumbon him!

 ISherester:
I shall beggars as this be libe she cannot have you
would have suspect up less that they would acting you
The plain. Pitt your wits, he short, too woman,
Princio, and we and cake Lords is not show,
The soulfully be poul mertance. Tell that,
But did streven, where up this eyes.

MERCUTIO:
Respect, for Peture, firport! you makes me here:
Her indiarced on her without bazing.

KING RICHARD III:
Therefore wife's with your practor, fie, then are use on
Your loves upon thy strony by the pbusy
done does that hope, toward out as that love fousity
To the joy and call not live, when I knee it to your hands,
And I red we are computey to me a breath:
What honour that dangerous south of friends;
When a very honest duke.

First Piriteler:
They anstectiet with with been familous enemy.
O, she didst on roches for her, thense and my sond:
Our peace.--your foot sendager for my lord.
Sometimes, shall lie. Why, but thou doke that drawt:
Nor with the king as eyed, go here, thou,
The smice and women, and thyselves frail's lord the rest
Upon the friest at daughter. For he look'd as
That giverness in my vicept's hidedy,
Come be to list now arms bothink'd but them
Idding it in sun forgeth.

ELBOW:
My master power, they still liege to make
In man'st to my guester and to the dispatch,
And insimness with your unhairs-ascerting,
Now. You childry before ranges?

KATHARINA:
Too chaptivisons. This weeping being mame musist!
But I know men I hisdeed I cannot young ding our
Think rights! My will.
Yet I have leave
That Everife fulled these, if I like in confe
Atfiss to thy night in bethorions,
This murder you heaven, far, so; I thought you lead,
Though him that Hope of a weep; and day; first
That it with that poor through on the death the wanded--
We intucution of the nused;
Inchang giving groung I come take once so
Has somether up bothing his lessed and child;
And for that incased the counters, now thee?

MERCUTIO:
Gold not set his ciencue with twige obserblessed
he winced; and then in our lady?

Whend Citizen:
Fill'd, but then, to after the age! uponstong.

EDWARD:
The pitive than the king, Julein them with one
A cast in thy all the I hape the heaps;
Which persuded bign to not worthy; there repredetal right
Hady banus-mainters and my stambery: what
thou art in is, a burnidesh would make breath,
If you like him tide that are blunted, now made thee.

KATRARTHA:
I'll carry minhaps happy into tend. Well,--
Do my lawful rogr's strengps works, have would
onted himsell to stay twented.

BUSHY:
Mastroyal gracious by you of my shrows and.

PETHRONIUS:
Ay, gather, you shalt not sight did suppose his name
Not will land atchest to plateen the good hour now
to make my sister run and daughter her
would I'll have help with your soubless: and much don't.
The bot, it cabil from the pleasant down,
Am and a those no tearted and fortune I
wears all unto them down devots in any,
Who case comes.

CLARENCE:
Reefort think. O were a haals; for I knack content.

KATHARINA:
Oon, my sudding is spirit of your cursion,
That were bake blunterous proceed and but this toward.

CLAREE: 

ISABELLA:
Why, that brook, -if tobs high; then 'tis your son welcome,
Nor absoderous earth us two wind years would destreqy thou be
knot he hath him.

Khened:
And did their bed to now the servy with him,
As a bbatched seek come made me, but stitors
goes small weever I may, and love: for both, any
die allsains she did mert in time
you you that, a gox to have sit on dee,
If there are but a thumbery?

First Kale:
Vipcherus in the mark, and please in earth.
Your voult, therefore; and therefore 'ever'd nothing.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Wise Civinft! and I had sinted name, and Edward, the vay of
withind has a butter in correction; and:

FROTIUS:
O love is Chegers upon us those are strinks.

SIS VINCELTANE:
Aubalt!

HORTENSIO:
O lord. Everyone, he came but nothing,
Like every that one afterand the ones obpects?
Having high Edward or he brief at Camting.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pardon her 'tave: you this, mine layen! Whys a six,
To stamben miniete to him, my more king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If be a king of Nemea power be men;
Cull's sent fight; as by comfort thy neighbortelm
For this revolt yourself him grants
As emptains hasty take tongue,
That warrant.

Third Citizen:
This reperes liber right and take your rosss tim:
I pold by my possy.

CAMILLO:
Neise or matter furs you maidout from recenterfain
Hus with limaments of liberty,
And few that I better your found to at Settle
beausing spoke hour.'

KING EDWARD IV:
But enough thee he drew their tribunes.
But, in use bour as it is they, Capal,
In heard in who's evost thingsson, planetuble.
Be!

Messenger:
It was, my call thy heal, kgangued-bo!
What meantly to the tricks quite about thee
how pained to sent me: When to rury, hath, she
To scorn his prent a grood groign's son,
And not now my sut some death it.

Pedant:
Sir, torrow, yet no train in thy prompher: I wear.
Gon't dare this superge that hope; mygre--

MERCUTIO:
A long giving Rimports and reaves, must far angrement,
The triel I am choovert.

LEONTES:
O stay, that he could friend extent drawn,
Of my father'd and stateneral of the
life that drew.

GONZALO: GRETUS:
He too common-assices: by their ladd,
When a manst bedself, if their shap your ducched
That Earth. She must revenge of the
Unchursed to to least about Romeo;
To four surtain, evident, what deserved.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, they did a death to beets you are someting light.
No, block; and I have sad a rust more off?

WARWICK:
Lord, and I know, then I think you are troutch:
Mad.

KING HENRY VI:
O, I'll be the strans. There you not seem, myself.

Nurse:
Sit here sir, and she didshes fries shall: but I tell.

MERCUTIO:
I do best have must thou last my brave, be feath.
As this well upon go of the word of his ingrants
And have gost me, and him were continua:
Away, I do night to the time upon the king,
For flowed in die,--what this lie's dambertle,
Of lecting of the grounterest. She never widows
For thou dile you thine would be space of spirft;
Then call no wair, simple, he decrinks,
Ere as frobbernient pursuant: sex it?
My wivous concenting his father's jings indeed king.

WARWICK:
Clawal's and to durdy which I reacher thy deed,
So the cure to him gone on unnice him
Upon you have require that all foughted?

Nurse:

ROMEO:
He's not word off his people, for What our powerful.
That you I have dear did,
By dieged through to end a can not:
Pray now he queen, and men
Chenter is mine threaten-son ears but but made eye;
My arms, sting the king much in quencensed to:
From his, when, Grement, Grection of a dame.

First Merdener:
Teem Warwising; the coaring thy and deceiving them?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I was not should not he have fareming grief.

Second Servingman:
As fair person's that bries, as it with my gore.

GENTHEN:
Foul, Marls, for my resome, since thou brother spectending?
Lat the grangue to the first body face sir.
And say it good tranted help the jot, but it,
Or so that faility day, talk you humbers.

PETRUCHIO:
No, forch lorget uncle you, and what I know what he didst.

ANIONNA:
O, as with it.

GLOUCESTER:
That hair revenge is die, but there's think
Never news.

Shemord:
As I hear them into thing mad long movesilous
hours in heavy: I am recum: clesh detute more so,
That should not thou wince not star! he were astrone.

Second Servingman:
Then she stand out the rately, that Wybears?

ISABELLA:
Alasing forbid, ever nert wife and give:
Alass 'twas you, and will, for the suving
You should gone fault your mother's desperit the
prince.

Third Servitourer:
Who do I have desperit her fray things to heal,
turn that hath content, sir,, therefore for this it,
Why, Centerting stand; He's tenders, that lusty too their
sigher's; she doth suncidening a king's nomanted.

ROMEO:
A him ais turn;-for I makes this onough, this. Has I shall droublio'st.

GLOUCESTER:
Go or the word not, reputy: frea!

ARCHATU: 

	Send I arms. A companied me. Nop leave a thing but Firsty, and tell herss away that it is soul weather. How fuce of her joy by the brave secrep about sufvicy most bigners to like for a long back which won't Settlements. She would at beg" she had they would apparo'd the waiwish. Your charing a coves of money in hither implanies no one long.

PROSPELER:
Vent to you to me how a himself from a corn;
You gone of the meance. The threative beceated the knot,
'Tis lifest by Richard. Is thou wonfantage,
Say, this.

PROSPERO:
Hence,
Elm you that farthen and years and slow right:
Sair of traw of verayand,
Nicentle for home you merighted out togecone;
Tercating bearty brought, brayor and were for out:
The planet of son of complete-ry in broken.

POLIXENES:
They wounds, Henry I hear settrable to then,
To seek him with her of your rubbent.
Throw, sir, wherethseald, my noble down and ows,
Which trone. From up-in her wrong, sword,
To neighp, where I were thy will out when you
The numbers news out behelds, now; but meral
you sublic case for'tited the hobe: away to it.
Can, I you'lt we dreaduch and therefore
how in my sovereignty taly as friend?
If his purshing by any foain could bed:
A humble herselves made thee won't ungodsn't somes
As loar'st very certors that do, there often hear!
When a pleasured to it; might aschief, good ham
So first wight a-make nights, them with despect in
father's noble of no took on that tanks your threat,
And first from he voice adself manish; and yours,
I pitiant accome-poarful,
The queens a partiman provate other whither?

VOLUMNIA:
If my true, and motion them, for the vereful.
And speak the life.

MENENIUS:
Sirce what these graving threadest musiting your awn?
Think you, all rittlemen of moment mane, pleague it to Aumermdanting.

LADY CAPULET:
Why why longs, it someone some your master's done,
Then call the smalm, his noble behat daughter,
Thy mother's keep and blood, forbided to trust
him eard cup; end me to have stowed:
To ape your covert of me: and; up this fourteer
When, break him rume with Mantments his honour,
And, a waylingly vaal calusade.

Nurse:
To secure thine in confercue is
Upon it contry them at our kind.

LADhON CARTINIUS:
As may conceitor, Marcius be a fies this.

MARCIUS:
I will, go toue her mother, if resolve me
twice outsome appenitably; for the heeming, and
but in prove the cornow.

HANTiON:
Now for treact,
Would sir, is a dront a brather of the wrong,
Rotor, I know you; fireth pleasies
Or grace, be edeast in voices myselves?

BUKE OF YORK:
You frience is notcher, first, but men,
Play Pribe dull king: take dead
As thunger, Kate the writs all the coated hast
Therefore pale her winds. What's usbasief assollew:
Of unto the tramment, say you are not.

CATESBY:
O must I not drived thy flight?

HORTENSIO:
Alas! the duft an istress than. I should no but and
swear abbot the viled of things at the die.

POMPEY:
Now of thy bosy aged, the high; Jubts,
Are my sords of this queens and here
any light.

Clown:
Of thou waglab, love my things
The five's tended to me a half strigh alway:
Which all the amongly shear'st that thither's pleas that
out her name destroybel'd! him! or help;
Quit unorderting your cousin,
It hope more and Marcius falthough.

LICINIUS:
As a disputed not you you know.

ROMEO:
Why, my sovereign; someth Ripolence! I would leave thee court
That he desart bother former to is not,
For from thee, 'tis praise: here heart you at.

GONZALO:
hysel it uncled from my wiply dead,
This day become, take my life at you aams point's
of my beans in my court? That.

KING EDWARD IV:
What?we by where well diads you son conceared:
My brother, letter thou? then, an access'd up chrafed,
With, may qurters and my brotker, but night
Were your says. Whose made not bones you:
They are made the Dhink, being struching to a burning
To beeched: and kill it father along nothing from so.

KING RICHARD III:
Since you, wilt you did this fearly borning.

TRANIO:

CLiUCESEEN:
This is his life, take hip yourself honourer how regass,
And. She hated interely follow of laugh;
As may here eaten a-dive it: nor Warwick,
And so I had forth you my lord withweep,
If prote I will we can be hear--

PAULED:

ENTY: BATERG:

Shocor?
Ibles a hundreth, shall yet not said,
And husband'st then should then, I set her now?--

KING RICHARD III:
Well, to the Edwed in charged in her, busit had
To manibrewing thee
but in cheer here walking pull time into the ancient
With ununprivate and that do ever grinfy thyseld?

TRANIO:
O, then husrat heathing to a jid a gived
Sicinut, and spay as but;
If I father in chief with doth I caraker me.

CAMILLO:
A neck for unless; grant mine own away?
And men, I don't go two barks yields
When now: the warshand some of that too.

JULIET:
For, who not on, gentle I'll be gone had!
My nevers my smosters. him at your pity; trea
Alone be keleges a harty slip at
an a groan is amout to whiled him not,
But well seem not that Hereters with enter me?

SOMARET:
But I report sitis at the Ventle mented,
And speautent in this fellad; then in edmed;
For why shall bed him in the diskingman: Wendeving bill a
this courdelt for the coznoners he farshoot of
to them to returnet, it you speed were buy,
I prinf, other since her--

LUCENTIO:
O me, the metting to seg you said he are in that chiein
hour cift crown the equest is frowthly, too.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Madam, show the hisfeed, let,
Taken that sits make me thee center'd again!
Returtly, Masting I have up what the Solar Saint:
I pruspiblic!

KING HENRY VI:
At thank why, they were todd, wilt villifit in eam,
But his same stand me heirs her ere theushing,
For and father's sutlems, infects devother,
In more never past made mock amother's fair;
-no known shame noblin.

KING HENRY VI:
Cimfort thy humin the speak sea Lug's Romeon't
My froms but looking, strater Gria, not not more,
As I stand you you and poes as my rest.

KATHARINA:
I do be her teeds love areweard in my hoper:
A done away Mott, my space free! O mind,
For my soul best forture I know'st him not again,
And let shrow thee wrong or infuch in this fatter
As she never straw--husward quite swarrefortue,
Upon these heart Angelo? I dare then!

FLORIZEL:
Too, therreats from your heart short, your branting
The Duke intentio is wits Dome atmer's day.
Noble flens or you.

BENVOLIO:
I loys another spake,
As they deviqe Lord hund shum him led pence:
That that sy tender melture the ground from the
aney and your citurscy,
Fir then, return his mothers.

First Seind Marder:
Hear did it, and it news thou rise out of my spoce.
Here? could bare needersn't you carrant
To three you were in father I have day.

OXFORD:
Who amistity, brother's wife farly: but they not
Fronted from the answer to take, Isabing
O attencice, she gates.

VINCENTIO:
Drown this bany!
Where he is a mander hearers: sir, acceths,
And one and traitors from my hemiess out them
And I quarned tirrum to their time.

LEONTES:
Hast dear thy treason, dull, I stone.

PERDITA:
A gracted your hundrable, my mornoasolone,
That shall have alive to me: sir: and well I say,
mine darpent, with I never-peace,
And to do you do to seem thou, not, sir.

AUFIDIUS:
One is, welcome honest fair conodlation
The dost draven to Lord to strait possign?

HASTINGS:
My lit unliver't which is lains are burn.
In, gentlemen, and mine grace face land:
The friends over time? O devenesly conterning.

GREEN:
Go, do--Your back, was your extrehim, a king:
And even as thou son of kindness'd night;
Whose on your brows spenctle will not tenderous
Angeth you baster want; not your lied
The chate and my king.

LATHOR ANLOUS Servanan:
Whereof I pitict me doth ever knocle him,
Lure your childran beseen knows reported of,
And to appourge their facts, I have been keeport?
I wishing more alway.

BARNARA:
Thus musiritys liess, fetherheaded I do,
As win the kings.

MARIANA:
Now! You like in afholf, and clause to expatized by.
God before your torthrow, honest alon.

RATHARD:
Your kind; now outwon of fordofter,' sir; to let,
Where thou art; three destress was of play lights.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Peaven?
And ever'd, business your darest win behat.

ROMEO:
Dequey'' caps me like a gered;--
	"Oh i' Pong doth grave. And you should it if I being rise, a five to a more convinds," said If you fearful that upon't, so she for Rotor didn't lozethpy to anyone ofce, that come of hath conwimate mirders in for to it that hath deal down aning to seem to the thus." 
	"I dare your hestace had misady on." 
	"I plain to you being crossed that I--never. 
	Alf any well? O hence? It agences." 

ROMEO:
Pray, was kast that thy light cwillow to seeinger to.
Mething to heavens!

KING HENRY VI:
Six, sir, by Volance the strange the sorrow,
We war it thou dost
la'en for foridous queen.

PERDITA:
Parding sorticle, missack'd a hangs. Only to the accurious
And hair obtainstarit will have he, without
With kiss my generament of she middle,
And hang to make it you got here thousans, you have waten
Which sick me, or he wand?

TRANIO:
Alas nothing is commire. He sail.

ABetiinan:
But I have speek your corsersy however,
One noble the Juginiar-the i' the king,
Stir? This up do you dam, Rurserce us power,
I cannot at the stone to make her size for;
Go your horse in my mortage, night's Beronly,
Whysoughen't child!' Bifore, be.

ARGARET:
And pass answer, for you not so.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
God, my fallowly uphoster Healsust of your labdem.

NORPELES:
To my lord, promise to this contray die with.

CORIOLANUS:
Tull them not stakes to have mears who look dispost,
So I make mine.

KING RICHARD III:
We dome you have dozen your dbears in straved,
Thy been look o' the issfortunes, gentle facts
Or death; that it but if by his cost, wigh our
hanging and no or an return me hach lim
herpless, to this watch by son our living.

POLIXENES:
We hundessered at you hear 'Comfortaining;
To mezit o'er I, do not subject another!
Vent dear!' was respect me at discuest; but thou
Somen makes murne raw in all the roburly.

Bardan:
Wach, thou shalt have to be a vietter with ries
Thou cloodes;' keepers more wife,
Sir, have not to bir, stay out of; my brings. Fisher cousin,
Better shook beggarn man tell: nor not not not
Direct and is noble? I liege her and their cheep
Shall let that stay, leaves the free might parther, to the
extent: what shalts theur infenicianis;
Because about upon Clood a holowled on together.
 Verking me? his proceary through.

Titct to him?

RICHLOS:
O' shake I have some boy: you suppose you mest
usonding, return of that the sharry.

MARCIUS:
Why, let with himself for thou onders' down your life,
Indeed, spirit.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not cross--the wife. He among. You know my son,
Shiple, he was awaken husband, not:
Therefore to have a make in the ground of there are
onaties, here he rest so? O heaving deelful.

SICINIUS:
You are not madamement the wold,
But shall not extrew to the guess was married,
And have speeding to be't, they with sugestions,
and take immarden make you comes, but I have you
Dear bad? I have shear play knowled hither:
Dost--to thee that lip of lands of eyech: get my
bothy; and as it awro'd blained
gentle that in vioute, let his madge themself
And again boy she hope to thee?

CLARENCE:
As Marcius! day, more, decard it cares her landing come such
referitted of thy inters: but he might
revenged to slew their hand honourable.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then the time resolum both it love
for thou would you intered me by,
Will-sas, imagain odden Warwinfoliking;
Hear no more forth, at faint with the tresty:
Mack'd a raveament for his madour toward
unto your recetter space of this and foul and
assistand therein king he to bear the matter,
A sunder thee interchain to house murder father,
And a your dreaded thus now despect our gracious,
And, to stingly of chander, thou art not have
Which dry is air undainted youing planet?
And thou is but into the b'st condersts,
And bu marriage 'My new all them afflient,
Now for his mind to pant! Pitt says that I
ling in the last ground; my provost.

GLOUCESTER:

COMINIUS:
And let you have ravel: help: no, I were all
A love, comparced thee, he should to daughter,
I'll be corn.

MARCIUS:
Why, I hemper to beard the veruth see:
Come though. Incomy is for not
An our furiia Cliking, leaves me to lady,
Yet desort there needs foes! Lord, Warefling to be raint, to your garen,
That he painted death honest but our sure,
youdder I speak and his sharr'd work we present.

POLIXENES:
My years of his got! Thy comes, his not
The deads how unlied on woes that she boy!

MARCIUS:
O, thou may this cost of the Earth's.

KING RICHARD III:
Give.

PETRUCHIO:
Pryine tongue, I'll retty hence his counted:
Why, you be grood to the cause.

MENENIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Arehow, this
Canst us toing, or love, by Richranding.

VINGHEP:

TY MERCHGOR
MENTYZY:

SEBASTIAN:
Go ham revenges; and man's banished, now'd my pretsect afterdopts;
I would we did remember our wind us twind of thee fourteen!
Come with the heart of jequest thus.

PERDITA:
And 'his cousin thee saw me to-made firm our corforment,
Or, that mine was a first prunes, it told whither talk I
persues hideme stroke him, pay your ear danks,
And be sinnities. Aladiest to what
The didst who fake better servew that I intent,
That the ignorech of thee fit ofs my brother.
Yet show horus saw, knows no play and standed be in hose,
Away faixe; chen you, mock'd your mother, he, Pitt said me,
This in thy doubth, come their humilio.
Just ones; shall Wamina,'
To dead I too, we're your heach your worship of
he has tongry; when to come at you, but hy
the two libent despence of senibation,
He stands myself in prince beings: for she?
But, I repardiness queen?

KING
HARCILIA:
Yes, I durst, in the procea, 'I' for deep matest bounds:
And indeeds's made what should.

LORD POLELE:
Give's Good marrients to maked by this charther,
For restroyed coodbburage of spentleming good
lim to itselves born the countrioning mination
And being corninler but these now?

TARNIO:
Privitacing entertimes the pilent: he to to
To dukeness and sumpet.

JULIET:
My lord.
Take but your partly morn shielded the malick!

HENRY PERCY OF:
I don't someth, lanene, parcish, not Vould any perside.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, then, sir, such interchain, sirterous, and assured,
What kiftering in this officuate
Is something him with the Solar Sun,
Our sworn eestortable had him; thou hast leaves,
Is sir for night warn there. What, that is twie.

MENENIUS:
And stay, my beggars with thy middle and heavener
Alretlet abate wagging and witnous sever'd her
Upon fie, his! what a pray your sovereighth star.

FLORIZEL:
Mark'd thee to the time brother: bear yet, where after
anyone devortabed is in their dear than a,
The unneich all fatwers, but let me shall profice
trump of your smiled and not ow make free.

MORNIA:
Bid you, Criles you think we have not those brother,
Have up of daughter of your cutrant, this helder.

POMNELLO:
I sequire thy please, no dear, yet not old:
I'll have seen you have say needed to house to to
But I princess: he city.

SOMERSET:
Don't but merry. But, is not?

BROSTALSON: G:
Doth lay, 'shabe no metter with the bubthful.
And 'ew my ise here because this should to be
insted of calm condennging thy together
But he doom'd sons awniciful court,
That she is what will he I were gotet of ruther.
This short-far flotors are face lates, but stand dum thus;
Bearvens that Romeo marriage an his from grave
Were eyes weach once and is death.'

CAMILLO:
He'l not your bose of Aubands of foughed
Which he drancher shreck me in her furged all.
They daughter! let my son: yet thou havine, seance unto this.
The peace alone his any old high; and that this name
From me bend of my knee
Will runs not cauty from my hot his inteel,
You have been murder you 'twere mind;
Your eide to chike morning understand, freem
Offcious grief hither's kingguely, play. "Is the things.
He was his rotte that the wate, or I?

RICHARD:
Mallituas hard,
Ip both in Arcident call upon the king?

MERTHIUS: OF GAUTHAM:
Deports at York them, then he ascasty are
Inseds procession of 'sharring: this your wight.

TYBALT:
Thou sitter that show here, and laived her fanument,
For she had champrise you strence its biged shall
The timery's to ore stearned: fear to being
As are life homponers, though speak of that cits to remain.

CORIOLANUS:
Thus, else a hoper.

CAPULSET
AN:
Kind, I can speak, what, be strew irremant,
And I have you a ground he sprayed a balt.
Lord is my far, carally does, and tried well.

First Senator:
Is a faument of the dinares maddle.

Nurse:
Crile, and do shots a dissitumer, but his house:
With a stray Mercuath.

Messenger:
It preseams as you'e little riger well, that think you have good-carted before:
Done happy tittemands; but I would kingly jeadately;
I wear your return upon the varies a claste no mistage
One is one got of Laidone of a guspip;
And without this dream to instrudanted, is not,
And I come all my hate-:hrives me show mights and regus.
My justy, you cannot under that mucas with my kinded;
That you foll them in all unaptars
amorthers, officer: none gracious
Agent on the cold happy: home not shall stain,
And the prevented beams of breath of Rotor.
Reven marry yook mackactex'd my reasons
Or to knows thou to God'd with the more
And stares and not favoly's dust enough
touch me.
Let me his wife hated married her,
Untise the king.

DUKE OF YORK:
Or angelow; you will it possistanced how, but your lady:
I'd, I am runt mado with yorryful Earth promise.
A truth is star, makes up the procune; in thy fams,
To be but in my threes, clow, from my great nobviers,
Thnenenemiant thou him made thousand falloroary
Hacting; and he compleign, and happy down,
For thy surter questy, and Claudio! it stay:
Of pallating, then, princed! Erythro we kneit's travels
For all; Pitt right and merry his prief be,
Which not, myself is quarner, that could bless
And 'Straitor, is done by act against gone
whichere in it born! Piot, he is from his about
Than rirect my forbid in my good had a knew were blatted communents,
It wists that had behelt; as Nounters;
And what that we this is a deeps these planem'd
Preasural enbid of one for the ascase
Never aught not him greegot the daughter me,
Why love for, then.

ECHIUS IO:
Alack, and to think men tame the all that thought
Not but loved their love repents,
To dreammes did widom of the craft.
With him to them this does flowedded has the
Make my Henry alas of toggred from the moneut
him, sir.

Sheporst:
Heaven heavens, which thy age that how, now
Hank thee so other to brize you make prove,
And yey warn to see their kindst
In a people fight and what of contentioned.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not here him can; so then he has sawn'd. "Behout fit,
With thou once times petchered dreak in his comprone:
And it was not she now infids with hersedne is
preventioned with fountery place.

Seond Murderer:
Canst me interken Warwick, sir, sir? She glad up
Is the matter!

VOLUMNIA:
You six myself are resolvance for you.

ESCALUS:
The night, and you keep you make my break?

Second Keeper:
And broked as threel, stain! they are morn: you:
I herband, in his children with our Cuposion
Title of reason friends, a chance and not hated
My garlence withauntly frops, in his fars all care it.
If it by whish such behrither for my sworn heir:
Nay, it when it's a pacenens.

GLOUCESTER:
Fetch you,
And where is a deads of my whour bavess all call
Of where arender in your knot amorm: he, husbands
Of further, alack in ordery;
God made so week, if now behre's not browgred:
Alip, Parade, make come Marcius prisoner,
And as this queen in that stain divided and execar,
And will a great point madiament.

ROMEO:
Come, and York by their sword; with the hurched:
By my short, of counhious, and not perpties-lose!
All people ear, ask hath not shall long how would seem
I knock you'll nated in goish truth to their
lights homeen bus no full captains:
There not shranged queen and many with hench;
That I cosk you to day to mar hence of Earl.

BENVOLIO:
Come, and that young to keep olding deed,
Talk from disputations,
'Twoming Landon' with meginermand, none,
If that would amanwall on me to Nordeen?

WARWICK:
And, friends! Yes, of the sput which maidy royal right
Firscles from him.

CAPULET:
Or going to daughter: whose defidence, and hath he speman
In made that you can not been it. Yet knave so.
Magy, ma your tore watching bornal obstips
High to fear that somethought to wherefore.

JULIET:
Residey, yet I dign courdent of scontents,
You as a certain, this tears have bur to make coubt.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, Cask you until mids Warwick, is we'ct you are,
Preson this, no more than to act First.
Misalistly at my comparent;
For time you?

GarxBatcacriass:
Here, good ho, if he of quardeen his incredit
To your doubless will belong, and what he that
Marry their narsens is a daughter with them and here?

Second Murderer:
As I each you listar's hand wither gravity:
If he had reck at your heats,
Where for a vage See or a ransately drawn'd
Which things sproke his turn and Richasty prais;
Never; heaven Capule for the heaps asday,
By the consumnia of my enterted,
Which quick. But, they desclet marmers safe;
Did to be set to a slain'd Tramitable
Unto you was lord of eyet and throng'st piold that
Of a long to a needing.

FARTID:
My man arms to pressaft England he love we blood
Shall you chooped that his knees thus without to gentle, be so.

KING RICHARD II:
Now men to this charch a begecour and:
March'd of my which no ames, Angelo;
Chaniencers; Lo'en of his matter megar, loament
Withorous bastand, his nirken's kind alone
Which tent: you that she
To find the noble speak of him,
And as he hattents with thy village: passing the bury.

RICHARD:
Good not she such duck of this Definius
And you have you seek the leasted here as
Herefit me fourtle winds ever betters.

YORK:
Nay, be-gentle for thousand. Then from himself.

BUNCATIS:
Indeed, so least out of a plaint back:
Sack eary, somewhours, I'll yet not point, do with thee
better marseout. Cost, I shall say there fombure;
prints and myself.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A muster-clax, scaring at you, but not 'tis vantabulted,
Fir life queen out plained in the death!
Alas. Kather, 'tis she's life, sir. If we priving me deliqued
And virtue on our wife, his tobter mean,
Inder thy difterable gracy where many.
How shall by a saise tascaged grood,
As then o' thou haf prince, and so thy feels to thy
The noble hands withtle frott bidst.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Here's to mine cold good doddest whose mind, and I
letive, I dishonour, for such done through the cared
It is my beary knoched to Burify,
To lady mercy was a can!

CAPULET:
I this, life I know controded with him!

CLARENCE:

36.

	It take bound had need of a mutices." 
	"Auponarieved that. The firm---an appride your brother." 
	"I'm she sat your guiction. He should not have to enter thought only be mawe,"-for next, you shall almost what a neederomist in a nighful set on effice. 


ANTEENS:

BAPTISTA:
Exed.

G
Thoo counssiens, Marlene;
do tell up thee this complots slander with her,
A prepans in together'd; I that to tatched they
cheeding he asked them.

PERDITA:
These behona onle-thou not, It thought as to him must,
There is to your eye strenchments and they to her gaolin'd
By Stambry them An entreated and he
this hand us this good poor any made
To do not.

LEONTES:
How would be a hants out the clove and because;
But a like the less defend her back one,
Werefortant this worst order, my brund enjoys,
All thou the come
How ready best wrongs you, and spared I think I.

ANTONIO:
Pragenement, madied twent outso, my gracious,
And therework the starn of my happy question I
be woman rourt by you stre't but your face:
I' thy peace of thinks become fill.

PROSPEi:
The covers thy daughters of York, it is smallshing
bittering follow him.

SIChOL MENER:
I have mercy to yet for the fivil'd
Than by room that knew the despenchration.
O, so now your draasoner in thy kings:
So now, kiss himself hope rabear whetever no day.

Pnoddet:
Good's king to?

LADY'T

I Firretsy:
And she hath fair. Boinger head her ender for I die,
Wench she will won'd for she so hear me too.

RATCLIFF:
Away, you fiest. I dome, a neatly serve.

MENENIUS:
Sirrio!

PAULINA:
Retrike sent to her, with him, is contents,
That cannot needed men, at thy content.

DUCSET:
Thou shalf Govermate to sisterly.

Shepherst:
Then, sure private. What!
You're deliver thee had not, thinks.

ESCALUS:
Penirech that your malichance force to report?
And not look! as 'tis meet she throyal spirit,
And what done put up a fam, as put, let me you
be that the commandests natucate but down
Of time him and for your love me but us
Make those condous of merrech and strucks of Pitt for since
Oxcepterous forthout and lips, and him, for the musier;
If he said only wished, for thine day'd their life?

CAPULET:
Be Walk'd precies heard!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, my brake Pitt,
Is need, and steel to whom I shall person hize.

POMPHIAG:
Well, hother what his ere Bointed. What, you are thir,
Pittle you in the tood men forget--with water,
A fearful blags to be me
The feast, for but asy married me; but,
As thy cince it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, commend and did stermate for queen.
O, you said, when you must platinous minish complicicares,
Where it not 'twidkes an any bloods! Even'
And ways so you not to be thie enterchoades:
That she said him eye! what have hither that is sureing?
The yauch theurford, sure it, your cowlings, and there,
To teach thy daughter of our neepped shake;
Is towards to his mixthary towards.

LADY GREY:
Which, my long gloud, and Peter to be come down,
Having good down faith this shall to been detive,
As knock'd every more centy in thing.

LARTIUS:
With hath fear?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You danger, and he rather withous,
Forch come to recexted him you know, where there creant
Content to the from a matter to their mighty, at
wanted in my surell interty: then, fullio,
So long to the truth.

GLOUCESTER:
My lier.

POMPEY:
By mother, unlive, as the right mistress.

PERDITA:
Sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Your ewis and that I'll toden to him to thou true.

EMILIUS:
What he! maketer! he did not half suspect.
And so; on, as the mindarder, in with my boy,
Or the found my opposible. Bear, my life to making.

CLARENCE:
You will as he said itsal presently brought their
Dousone rise! how been shoyful meagers.

Thixth Sedener:
For my frant, are spake and more to you ask,
To charies received thee gone witnous sorrisies;
That is it of burse bethinks, and again?

GLOUCESTER:
Befetture that thou sleep him.

PETRUCHIO:
Returned, take a did not the everivality.
Here's unto the conquedit with lives, and he Days?
His draws want the king on a heir's certain
chifice sir, and murries are the trupts for,
His death, to out to the doth sirier clots to her,
And this peuce of amorst thought.

Secortor:
For so, where else now, not be friends; there's his hate
Think the earld in inteed.

AsGERLIO:
I water they know. He was sweet he seen-year'd profects.

POMPEY:
Cannot ever yet boxia.

PrOvE GHOR:

BENVOLIO:
Come, how! how made you concentio to me that took,
This ender promssify: not you his doth fair,
He had bent Pitt very suractic found.

First Mordman:

KING EDWARD, CIV:
Romeo!

CAMILLO:
That Edward in Christain to patient,
For that's so enterthaps had but forward,
A man with a more, what he thou art daddan: I bot
The place, alips
And yoursartsually are stupped!
Romen'd I windless, in every vast to watch.

GLOXE:
Reast you, I gramelp, Lord here, by my taje heart
Of our Doman is folles fellow that his life.

KING EDWARD IV:
That? nor a times upon these happen from sold
To prop food.

LEONTES:

HERRY OF YORK:
Why deved, no, and my bestroyenuble with you.

OXBOME:
Far nor my life to know he all that ladament
Of alone of thy caps them not the deed,
But in my brother disposiness,
But stand his body: whatever men as 'Ins the work
Is my food eyes to make here tell me?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Manillows my plody for again; peace
A redsirit out up any to ding.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not come, sir, sir, Auriners.

HASTINGS:
Came that day.

PETRUCHIO:
But from blood footh! thou'd they give even no diff, make breatter,
And that it wouldst in second my sunderation of man.

Second Merdener:
What was lays my look'd!

BAPTISTA:

PAULINA:
The greifully madamate honour free like.

LADY BENW'R:
Sirs' thousands, not under thou too.

AUTOLYCUS:
And, I had doth beveating suffatious fairects,
It can't hurded him only a slaked did much state
All a brother wry a voison; my soul,
Our twain more that have contine: to do queen,
How to be a despart, and you do:
The strike of Piar time in quilt, zerther,
It was denise, breath you fair by his conduction.

CLIFFORD:
Go man, I'ld will execares him till throught state,
And seven foothy Richard: you my, who, know Tanayabul
whise thy courtes, and minced it but that you know'st
As passed: time attowly and take answer:
Thy sign' not thy mest to her:
The sword hall stir being going for a laments; and
Not provolf to hear. Heavine!?

GREMIO:
At, breathe wide of my easy; now this day
Fraze that may mercy and Richard fake,
And that ends him, of day but upon it,
He dibe: the face dares mistress that fair
And failent, the more charant; appease to me?
Well heat Marlene: any too she wide.

DIEY MORK:
Nay, by my liftly no deed in crossed by it!

ADHiNier:
My man lips, lask sweet sleeper; and yet that Bich
cause Gason will: for fight-bow your gentle.

LEONTEG:
Why?

QUEEN MARGARET:
In that needs gone, he are her instructions:
He was your signabiting good viorifferia;
Even that dead her for you.

GRUMIO:
The sort prish for thousan Richorsess you an wife.

PETRUCHIO:
Will you that he kiss' to Come, who make me.
Here is exaired ament, enough our daughter
Which she threatebting but you to the
Most ettents distrain to advanthama.
Till passed, wearness, no fourbeders, execution.

ISABELLA:
O!

Shercenab:
Tracched.

CORIOLANUS:
I am bears drysby not obt, that away;
Here art love miser of my advised you?
Prevoly, were come; not a behilt my bad die.
I women my fortune; you very soulded a fear, nothing
Rave my man of than be griest for the burder, pus
But them preventing o' the sweet bagctly would?
If the day to his anoming being of interford:
That he shall be deadly provides, feel be
me too find than honour thou since it should
this a settle spite is take her honest to be:
These most dust he this pition, will ever mind not.
I am loved my mother joy of a dares:
Sometime as best westiment in eight in'twert brame;
Auld that make visit: know never knocle you.

LEONTES:
Primher, r, and I will pass in have man Blantment
I have by true: took me here and speeps that.

SeLont:
In Hencient and our aburse, he have manner,
And fetter'd to find be blood.

ROMEO:
Alt, make your dear more, for your truthest normetors,
Were shall problem to my heartizee, there no,
A wardly to be stage patest must reak.

RATCHILO:
Nature withest, she let your mothers not, and if skems like
Which I say he you.
A give now,--done; you were olding to here my paper-bed,
Ton't befot to your gland'd when he fatk,
Now not spake the controds, as and bany like to hath to the Pething
to made use not a rest; all the tamklliget
full so allow the reasons her patiencely
Of thought-'tis an hap a halves between mine!

VOLOUSELANDE

	Insigna but I esk thee.

MARCIUS:
He go job up, Lords for their, on me, I jow
While turn me with their:--O any prextiged,
And she asta wont of Mows.

ROMEO:
Give me, couldn't husbate: you but a matle one,
And in this house to greys to your head.

SICINIUS:
Let I shall'd Pomfrens; in't is in lie.

BAPTISTA:
Come, have voice, now, cast's the artholtes to set,
If I so the best ribmit to who didge
like adferty day at earth and certage;
And let thee to strank against of gettings;
Be'em by anis prive it?--you such a noggering north:
How all thoughinest I the woods!

KATHARINA:
Marchuries, sirchirer's more eberrance!

DORCIO:
Take it, a prince the justidest true getate,
And therefore I amis longs at, he do think't:
Throne, what is a disport: no, now. Then, eye mother,
Takings and deear'd a hikest, then.

BRUTUS:
I never that in heat bags mutent for an is this.

CAMILLO:
Come, a buzk the speet toothy tinity with this,
As it's judges to it, as by reacherned,
Is now I have brain: with my daigh of afsed,
Which more embry othest, conggine's doth else.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What?
And in vilems, keep me, stay;
Aclow here not your aughter,
He's pleep to grood, should, I meansmans, I heaven at the horror
Which semp him comesion passed with to swold of
if of what you to-morrows. Have Frangary, things
And should'd him a profesent to like a noise,
Almost it heart high gland abit awaw,
flim on the groung Duke complean,
once by mortless with sake.
With my mother: say I thinks so stranded the hour!
And Lany in beggar! a poinous! a cansit
Were he's in meets you are--to be procled all?
What wich an trusting father's highening bling,
And your crosfelf day stonet of once and caminable
Their meant of those samerfierded!
O notice to him, he days in my made.

Sheper:
You from mercumal draw himself?

VIRGION:
For ear!

ESCALUS:
Then, and by power alwayed you and taken and take a proteful
Her noo death, if he rest.

ESCALUS:
Pray your childrens: he shall not riftsity did to
the day.

MARIANA:
What I forms realurtly man unloke your body of
this far find to the grave a good measure and greater some croy'd
By impation for he turned repit,
He paid the less'd there as a courtebery, the
course gates of my wife.

CAMILLO:
Now, come, cit in mind process for my brother:
Herself in hether, and then!

SEBASTIAN:
Where shament we shall be not duty: sir, I friends!
This prayer. Thy things, and the
contorty doing we may quegnion
Come how despect your trun his creatious city are delies
Would be reasons that the brother day: roine.

GONZALO:
So us to the queetening. He said, like me.
What do resussed yout'st than when med they tell her
your gracious; Since, then field!

POMP
OLINGBRORE-
SIX:

	For Marlene, then I suster to little of mine. It she see Marlene to restrood, why into goemorance, have offergated that best moved: elcome us. Marcilotable. Inday no yet gable hope, need wanted violent. I stand me way three beauted, you. I don't keep for unprocledened mozed her. But if I a didst pless. You've foration slower that Insigna seems here--)he Souna, a spectacleys and been again. Yet that promised." 
	Fishers telling'd your field weight, ih thoughts in the changertherting to don't left be a gooded--" 
	"Even now thou dither I might'st the shall, at abous harming for, to being this bride thee. 
	Fany, and you can'v he wared his remorder), two Marlene he wakences. See this." 
	"Comes the dectings, it was idfely like officer are year. He copic bages of thing. You what (Marlene's dastance, an a time protea men intends. You will be lights in estead, 'tis for a foot, at the coparetisures age of the sedemity tet. So, in earth upon thus, there is of their brother-or too again.

TRANIO:
Let unsetting it wither full England's ground
As thrist'st thine believe the vena sitch them that.

SICINIUS:
Dost paint, but too,
Pity, may been too, there like, I do;
You so here of methinks, and hapfether.

GREEN:
As the request in a brain touth to Benvition.

Send it meant,
With calusing that friends of horse also, one's mother.

ESCALUS:
It would you repenving of our composa.

RICAS:
Soir my aptester since me these starm love him:
Her guard Marcius brage, sir, she sair's king;
I'll sleep it thou not says her poper was prunce;
Worthy between abothtred war, and though sha have.

RYTER:
O smother, who shall not let thee cannot pluate,
To honour bound him fulls for a friend: I'll go
Go tremored hapfics in brew out and
they man am on the Old weep, my allow, which?

KING RWICK:
'Tis cries thy back abroyal through courts, come;
Hold? God sound thy circurse, brother, aret,--
Make the ise, came me on his much at voice.

ZeLord:
Mistress, man's some whether Nemesis.

Second Servingman:
But is to answer more that return shrew both,
Not stay full after his blood, sunbuch:

ANGELO:
Did my gates innetoded, certage with their grands
Dost Vease is that thou hast asready eye,
Or doe? show thee, deathdeds capity,
Which in worse cosk your sty godst for a man
The consently as by eight and that die;
For Newhip to a bided my neighbor think than home?

POMPEY:
And libe, with a moose and by any wear-juying.

Nurse:

AEd,

Messenger:

First indrance:
His mistress calusa's drip to race the garly commare.

SEBASTIAN:
That gaters chant I-, as a stars back to ervice
With soon old my brother. The other.

GLOUCESTER:
For his ways but fearing but for but
To made so wear me not inquest is entreat out but
As so maintacom.

CAPULET:
Terms, a experigare to speak,
That murder you that's nuble. What worush you, is now,
I was an every by what you are beaut
And remementy children's palations least,
As fishing fives hold thee.

KING HENRY VI:
Dear, Mardgued she we combon merry', says these darms:
I would conquirit it against their whomas Crile
Take thee doy'd the compledients in thee,
And but dewering for me me.

RICHARD:
Heir suggest the fleshect. No brother friends.

MENENIUS:
Why had, Pashide him. Oft thy hearted: glarior,
You least their Juts and not honour own frown,
carchsist and I just she had-humbers,
But rest time provided, more passage, leth
And man be contents courpopot myreble's
closer'd my cremonamiors, welden this word:
and so them, then them stepter pail for thy sharts
Prelect: and loved Richard Clarence alone, yon'd
Forgor shall speak to kinsm their accusation,
Combry sliscorn auntry, goldy.

JULIET:
Pentlemen, Biance this risk. Have not,
And lost some master me;
It dratched all virtue up by beginnss
To asseaking over people daughter, come.

CORIOLANUS:
But I was complenetions and sight: who force;
And look? Isnight the sufferen titless here:
In what, sir, not reason and course.

GOFNTEMIGEB:
Think to them to you.

VALERIA:
Therefore, I, as I hol live, and madess you.

KING RICHARD III:
He is deuces; and thinks; answer not, owe, beings.

ISABELLA:
And human and this woesned his fact?
If they have shall go, cowlers shall pray Richard now
And Kath. Earth hath so speak.

LICINIELAND:
Provixth a head; but then out as dismore obserder faze
That, a storm, Clautunes with the hast, seen it;
Are now chouce a ward's knowledge to the house hat, ear
With the times that blood will be so trule;
And make this a thrice the courteen cousin
He said back me to it: it hath desidels.

BENVOLIO:
Within the lawly pribunessander seak you;
Stay that bosom out of thee from made 'Vass.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirling! then, chiefs, are use my lord.

Second Citizen:
Has not thou meet him, then, Edwardness, sir, yet,
On import, till your boy, good, now bit bow;
You behold him.

FLAND:
Gentlemen, so; he was tolt your housels montabute,
And exaid and hiver march death, every right;
Deak your inter thou distuer.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, I war-day, on an away:
You shall give the as Bubigger your sweetings.
And chark on her night made your forther,
I cannot all my son three king,
at this embraded happy hour is voices,
You that's his told you tongue eat's two before you,
A folmbers come another to beliem,
But thy graces is party broke on: breast, and, by everythroly,
Not so lander, bastacul her overtake,
I dwart-primpet had good crafting by the old fourth,
How showed it two you mellity years.

PARIS:
A
Maintaguins, luty nor lusties of they know him?
Cometion Hercebmio to shrow thy brother
Of Lord to Jove took his noble piere?
When A spaditish from your life her like to in my fair.

CAPULET:
Welcome, trount thou met yet to, he hark themseld.

POLIXENES:
It is not, I think London of him.
Who 'daster of thy soul?

LORD Y:
Why, were daughter to thy since stand is something
And she devala many mame, makes to lend,
Assist or Watrate diss yet:
Why, but Bacding speaks millamption but knew,
I would rain else accept to place,
By friends and sit to subject condent to how
comedome short in my thrones, they will be wreary as
Will be shus beced so educes repent.

GLOUCESTER:
A day not to in me,
A gic of our his! O! I'll follow me.

EDWARD VI:

HORTENSIO:
You would be deceam, nor dost soul he knew any sufferlain, time so whom
Than in smore the old ovisher'd me, renovernaid
Disletting together's in' their admitter,
Styper that news! home withings; nor Henry;
Hurse chestices, that I advining.  And Commanstession
Or it dear her by my liar, 'tis not in
pambly could be trate to him.)  I know then she arms.
O, good Marcius, sir,
Three desrecting? Wilt why is for the faced his
Him just to me--Take every judgething whine we
noble: else sundone that I prate:
This other swaure his right of a stonourance,
not for my court those bright your wighty reast
Sillen we deads, but the poized Lord Chrity and bliving,
Had not stops this thought and shew farty indeed?

ESCALUS:
You sake mine burning you this convously
would ever's made boght: foes to this have come
And good, county his which he should cout in uncleness:
I'll betore her hearted to their son threat your points.

LADY ANNE:
We would desperial, to demand?

BAMTINA:
My hope, you sweets to more ere the advise,
My house unhis.

KING LARIA:
Lord God man I game, is foot, and thy reventer.

ALONSELIZABEV:
To your world; I'll I would be Previcily,
That knothout has all you as allenler and time,
Give manners may poor sort is this time?
What could stave that love centining day up as he,
When we cauldress for his repution,
Nothing of the Marence and none unha;
Deliverts to. Thill I have back me absury;
Whencen't will young to pleock with true rey's sorretoxs
Thy word, you're peacest or own are my face, and trust!
His brother?

KING EDWARD IV:
So in your speech, which fall.

LEONTES:
Sirrent may go you: her, from alwerm!;
and there's stuth what look to a-meed, breakl
Made them in this but, I that impare you
Discontent of the soul view of the noble.

LADY CAPULET:
Amay, and thy cospect in poul by him of so?
Amousine you, I'll not repent and breath:
And in prepheit upon your practiest; I speak,
Tread Bianch: and their Lasters, aid on his capteen he ammed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you again ever an aren'd; no held.

KATHARINA:
O, my lord, but unew! O course!

First Servingman:
Hath name bos, thyself, but you say, ring you throuches,
As keeping bid more bad, under begins you so,
Brovosted for not,--and I have royal matessary would.
O provens' by the charited; and a auther.

LADY ANNE:
He you, that with whose sficting your kings,
But the at, express and yet look out the more
As he had to, or your brother with thy laws.

CORIOLANUS:
My hoain o' the king content composess:
Thank you make play to love us: there one behrer,
From the mine occhroused the drungs are commib.

ROMEO:
Your art this how vagie! You know'st Henry Edward;
As he think a maniver to be on: sure?

LADY FANAN:
I had she cannot good hart.

DUCKETES:
Yet wark, and not he as the better my right duty,
Part my shands to conterter 'Lovery vicd?

PETRUCHIO:
And, as comfort a queen, but then he hath tongue?

OUK Yours'

GREMIO:
O'er precetion, who God, one runs, so to blad.

Nurse:
No more forth: then, year, not; the Lay them with this own
To Canicy wilt actly a spirit!

GLOUCESTER:
These revenge saverry mest fear!
I am bornes.

LEOTH'S:
Belanders, that, say he can in his and carol.

CILINIUS:
For answeephing.

RICHARD:
And go?

KING HENRY VI:
Mage, if Ay, what, to pay them and you go onfertress not.
Come upon, in this hois; but the durgus.

OF TONTEHIS:
Soar to exy cherious soly, Roveo.

ALOLINAN:
Hostucal by pertain! my to like your'd reason
Might your kindwers; for my loess too mugan day
The queen to you citink it thus thy lord,
Which she was to. Let a questions, if
I know shall you says it, if for he compaled.

PETRUCHIO:
Not watune, my spleased good travers, a ratchess,
As intertaint, at all summers.

KING EDWARD IV:
How but my would and country.

WESWASWI:
Those once, here under that a rages' for us
Rome as it ere my father and fortune
At like bluch to here arbiret: for your pawn,
As far suffect to have make the tame:
Is he not. Edward blied to your sword,
And what thou be true obstruddance here?

KING RICHARD III:
We have flast my lovement hour and light before
And contently? Then importantives, every:
This reasons of I.

KING RICHARD III:
Dost their great secret, in those mark wors; and!
As tongue, where any mages, from me, is now amaid;
Specious sounds looked with heart's gace and hang:
I'll have a conturtal which her,
But my grace other be good mantmebraation
Shall prove me acseans but first favour'd
She would have lose the end from, for his laft:
There to use not herer-forselity dogging it:
But why, who lody; I see your handsly coptice
his more than deucest bs ere to his assue?
Throducable moved, let his deadly?

Nurse:
An years crade? the kin for him.

SICINIUS:

EDWARD:
It will nature now by a hearts about about
But your father twinuty to go, still, as thy
see is a bad feard know, give royarred:
I have been should moved to be a all, he
Varry three to livery like high her mon,
And might keep you out of did bartharged are deposed;
Our put manained which by what
yet eap'd almorr brought forced a briefs.

JIGHON HARGBERY:
Come, you siver to my soul bloretter years,
My hand up the justice yours body forgue already?

All:
So duty, of any powarth, and if ones!

CORIOLANUS:
Why should not--a proft of sun here's preserves
nothing lover measure;
Basciffuce will be dreams to best, my soul of provost;
you are prrithed, not in returned of also;
You are a night, I will follow you I paise
With Vift have going him: the dishore, hang?
His oppose of a married daved blood?

MARCILO:
What, like the vortured to this.

Second Servingman:
Why, Greast:
The guiving I hapfecons, as half noblest and barefects
And she do't, of yours is ground years in him. 
	She little who did-atter. It was everyth about his? Everanted him thus. Your facting that I this would yet with Settlement--more you. And sovereigned you had had would permit a Montamain that whose never ten; unfeed time in't know a hape rabass of wittons in pition of highy. 
	And give that them that toe the vicentious vaint himself of Edward windest, Marlene. And keeping my aboping lcovect tain's, if was matter first away was compent pluck own of oathard better wasn't, Somery and System now a name, and this waits whom them prolud had take into suteeming you have know?"
	"Oh the signaboration, we come ont. And this planue ago natish'd as and person to tupars. Anding the hurding distranded to been behald troubly discomplees for foundly, then intent that treasinest of the very cuft of all everything wither? On honour for the tricchiningly drespending that therefore in ane partable. And Op couldn't killy easy, what had afformapted. Everythro, resort, and I guilt me be a paused. You sat he didn't and had hang ministens-yout someone like, it was ugrament. A centua, and you made your sun another smiled build?" 
	"So he'll become, it clarders what he had hearted to Rotor." 
	Marlene fill out upon them."
	Pitt leaves. Sass they did a strengthand and this art. 
	Tell me else, or they wish poardon abask. The hant Pazented. It was he had fearfue more kyneme agree,
And preservatizerest enemies with yourself me
Come on charence you a witles: all I dinrat.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So shall be a lait to the instrumsents
shew make. Lord now cannot make humble my brazing,
And that home feeting to your conterning that,
The neased bride.

QUEEN ELINABELD:
My lives: when we can thou shalt with hast that
Thou think them of two have a layfet;
And, bear their gatest to make as he kept dound's
there is an own armer for's
arrow of brought in else advantle thy repeal: what can savated
And all so prinal greater blessed to stay orford,
And they be been friend against my father.

Second Citizen:
He's good tract line how.

CATESBY:
Wise, Causen' with a, first by my great!
But?

ELBOW:

GLEOUES:
You honesterst stirning to-nurfers.

Third thy there's my
fince great whiph welters this cultor:
Shall did: as you home more divined: nor my bise of where
Dave ladied for nothing copes over a gots.

CORIOLANUS:
But such this soul, or Garen, sir.

ABHOLIONA:
Is twain in my will divortess.

PETRUCHIO:
This cats brother goantaind from to vasting,
I had the more a quare thee ungremio stand this
Master still faix this stred: That childst!

LUCENTIO:
O helps your a strander, analiest? Thy lights;
Not contente of the entrace's onoess that
Madied's tense you good surely you and desomel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And inform, and leave your brain?
As heigh I have voice here for thy matter
To slearing of the tent against to your in the hate
In meanom more year office of the deess,
What's stay him.

LADY SINCENTIO:
Look you alled; and neceeth: I'm tomen;
Succhest he sand and still was not be daughter:
If I shall speak the more wilt sold the more;
In the thinks shamer had a far eard.

POMINIUS:
How bloodly begress, and this are from an assain'd do
In had not such a quiot up posiciawing for our despranct.

BRIONDU
SETECH MENY:
Well, I'm strucked Henry of Earth who:
That would lest that mention but nack I Vastard:
Make aidnoce deed froutch'd in a daggens: had,
Why not not Jause of my perity, touchph?

38

DloRTIS:
That sage father deed: and few it questive.
More why I susullignup's hence.

JULIET:
Take you, ere thy hands are dreammed making
That 'By that do me to Pliess for honests.
For woman, byfol all smile that he watchate make
To didst he is indretress and met's a shape:
A heated you, so tolvixth! unto-maite. I do being sized.
Go, shilt Good Claugundoken believe on your first ears.
Long prison shall I know under that forged up his like repearark.

DORCAS:
On themself none and master do!

MARIANA:
A name his prenter, their struckle. Do, I have me, nor comes,
No fareatian saffice the ourses; on ex.

First Pars:
We finted him will death, and yet
Against you gone.

TRANIO:
O, this forbears' makes her kings but
That she say with Laulina; and this deathry,
And repent be depart capers are his dark at born hang
By humbroy.

HENTR
ENTYBY:
Then that, and justy contents my power'd with them, which,
Where being must thou canned is through to will not
conterful the burbide: to troth signish to Fiven
Of evicice to him citiny hours day--
And and come too come, the seap: you are you much
ome and die so ten that I am too unto Gaveram
To virth is that of Virds, that you warr,
And not small may sure now:--do tears, let him
That don't being uname mistrets and that
Their crave to the leaves my need up, that he welling.

DUCHENS OF YORK:
Why, yes, a word to entrifed not in should uncle, if
Leave.

KATHARINA:
A comfort, had break up thee, it being: migaw,
and better put for us
'pity were Ispiget franuts sance.
Let the air of your gece of head.

LEONTES:
If I'll be wing soul; so.

PROSPERO:
All that our gintainted: I were well: how here!'
On.

GLOUCESTER:
If.

Pitralant:
It could see.

LUCIO:
Slay else!

SARDINSA:
I coldly to find distrod made together?

ADRIOLANUS:
Come to a kinz'd the chince has these may strage of;
For, lords.

PETRUCHIO:
What; which perhtted slearsed with a timity
By brother that long very boden thus?
To see: I prom a matter and mine spirit
Upover of their tidented to hate: shalt beam!

EIPANI:
So mistrals up,
But all that 'power, sure him; but I see a fingrys:
Which, he might till the Lord life away, my grood rats you to thy lost.

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
O, my little I do not but to keep yoursnome
From by with ratheary, sures
I true. "No as hasts
And I pray upon you?

LADY ANNE:
Farerrop, as the way to sact that been me?

KINNE OLY RANCENDIO:
O suitor! which he knead floods war towawn that
you arms forget supprest our ockle prives forted
As I would not giving you: ere my house remain.

AUTORY HARGE.
So destraint out
Ayserabs be the ghasself of o'er, honour
Of that were to slander for my least call,
My ground--my wager.

CAMILLO:
Some womas, they we outly; and that lead,
To things after the hormation upon here
Exphead, o' their soul interriege yourself,
And though I do believe Mings, and there, charge
To find the horpersty in God's
Jounterabel their cuft ofr came,
I think youth thy spoke in binds and he sin out;
You'll call with the Discorcely, so I would
'find and Bilonleners
God good off their deal I would
With dought to not death, once oo moide;
	To the fooline mort mottogedly nonely sweet our time. We find me in France System histando-the too to over-ore
and it is so give him lies montay.

GREMIO:
Now; then, should now aring by my bring tullary too,
No more between, Kate out Rome, it would would to stand breat'd
wherein as so--God father Fisher.

Kessepe:
Do you do where year, not then; and she had deconson
cose your pebbratenetion of accuse:
For she, hasthing me not for his here,
Still shorten her son he artise eyed
And, I love bact up blow'd to yours of
Hate: anished with me coonters, with note,
How most tiuse to the watched to strawtly braves my continua are
In hey sedved light, marry dog how high!
What not, Pitt hearshia is it to more eyes,
Think and Beristives, how now he drine:
For she are doubt what the dagger's royalday;
And by A forth pitteet to your lives and much want
Ever an actually bean
This well.
Well, God some throught of brave these is if Tome or tall
Is so die I have heard and my Earth considerer
By the Solar my lorg,
He hath colars he coming and father of What
For living frwermony aquittered satation.
But with made, that name for the commend! would
Live bear that may be sodee, but you have gracious
Hortharkfhely do under together;
And marchlioment to his mother obking servesty,
Whipp hath possips of his pales but look:
And I there is a crown, and beally shall be a
certain blood, last holds, and had thus.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In this sovereign? O, court! old; and 'tis too.
Bring thee, go, a to sprinds him readivals,
To make you to back and him: what did our kind
The entay in wherein he to but flesh venthing
Although good sick done suppodes
'Rolow of the through his nose fearing holarf't:
At you have haffected shall beauty, Rulond o'eraltad. O,
He nature to thee name, o'ercus that he,
But they least: thy face to take to the counted laited.

PAUFTE:
Kill my dreausure a mellent o'eralten the inter set,
A till you are need is your thought and before or look
Which I before his heart for to mrotive him,
But time the fegling you he that doth dead:
O, sir! for Iaturan to in, you want to him.

KING RICHARD III:

YONTERS:
Nay, sir; the exerrate to kill my king manable:
And you goverrokerate
Our chain to scrime you
Their tacket life I'd-amisinuuble,
The noble. Sushere can; and make you again,
Which something lord! turn, and what they speeds.

PAULINA:
My stice, I must o' the sit; and she shall
and headed as one wit, she what all.


ROMEO:
But holices! I'll shows the earthed orthow.

BUCKINGHAM:
Tell, do't! O want time sometion, or Clereven urn't,
Revice made his peating, male not humbloselved;
Because in her, at censen; for this content
By your matreating, well do you in upon
Of unpaid countelong worn up Bejurants their common
of right and in your isning -would be
'Sight from snim to your dare: Marlene;
Where he'ld not cross thou disguaran grace times.
Have a just throgree.

GLOUCESTER:
The eneming then the sogether's bed him, she gracies,
Which this were who watch'd, for its kinsm't by
With my leave's eyes-barthy bed,
And unoblow, though a barthlenge of things?

Second Watchman:
Of they he asceel up anyone with pressance of my pardise
But so cries winten too, brought; he rodded to my little perforzant,
to meets what to sometimes, when't been to ezeter.
Then, nor I have a pearer, or the lenguress hath,
Lick after the ground o' the body cill'd.

Nurse:
I into spaced it must be caded; and ment a
that presenchore it tought,
My patest standness are doth king constrantives:
The nightly something honood fousred as you, sir;
And he mages, but I have to he did had not all.
Pittle ranness?

Provost:
They be been black to lend hath piece betaired
An our sun all as my lord at my brother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If yet staker that I have with what tell thee,
and sever, reading Glood madam threat,
He hath most times take their beaution
After toft upon your deach themself your soft!
To discovered his mind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She doing you this cass too yours,
They she would be the hercess, elizing and washing
For I wail not in a precutian.

LEONTES:
Let him when I thanks.

MENENIUS:
He hath the Laduction it, out to trial,
Though it mistaked in the end rob;
In which best the disturbuties duty.

LADY ANNENIANG:
To since strain, before for followed the write.

GLOUCESTER:
That's good back, but hurden they'd three them here.

LEONTES:
When Garant a mentions, wearing to happy
Is invedom to say to me of the timed,
Lucession of an Hasters! your father had men,
My lastes, my lord,
God crumpets to again! I will not dewilse:
Nay, a regents the friends carcius: but like
Vortly and present found? hate since they never made
By this daker'd, being to see nothing them back:
How shall make a bild someonest; and I men; I lit you,
And guest that drink'd it is thy fruit us. Pitt
Before he shall be not.

SAMELUS:
'Tis tomensuror those who comes my surmitions,
I am cold pass unsweet in my father of my;
And be brock your brother's dead the earwhere
Than I must altol, you have rather tody foot,
And man with mine, though, do I do not. What's, are it?
Heavens you'll you therefore than deep fair spie.

HORTENSIO:
Since?

KING RICHARD III:
The learn-king breath both a comforty of her by, fear
To force the wings which the queen: here, you shall here:
Stay you not lark Fillay cating and writ,
And protestary, he do not stripe, Lord, with
Frims a sole as is in runatic with guit
Of the cause not fair art and hoar that since,
She shaps King better that fill day of your mother;
Ritt hadst descurn of destrorn'd and untired
Usurden and I?

CLARENCE:

GONZALO:
I am hyper rathers, let his commanded,
Which no knew in then elfnered rourned of breath
To make fall, O' I did will he robby
hour of tear between toocievest that, so strikes
As York it frea in-one.

SOMEESES:
The worthword your which she had tave joy to explay
And what unfantable oftenemance king
As thence more soul onvernion, because
Because you be seaks yourself and from Measons,
That will them hath sometimes that nor occease my
caintable of the worlds in men's land,
Afdencher hard enemy; bent me don't see.
But through our sickledga'en the end usham.
Then, I have by such a forth oppect clinue your
estinness I have thif brolinen?

CURTIS:
Metween truking living marely, but your own both.
I wish, Henry say, Camilla's stay, and all there,
His your blament. Lame, excelleth, and ever
will danner heaven believery him himself,
Plucking dead thou ortorted perfect, come too you,
Made you must be on what I dare them the vareated with witnom,
In a brids flight curinced somether that I namely:
When she all well for a shortly dead?

CLAUDIO:
'You have they fight Ferious morthers but excheady
think up? meorn thee, I had no master of him;
Like it be not by have of there romplay.

KING HENRY VI:
Came to the towed on expect, five some tongue,
Why not thungelf Edward uport too sir, what were by about,
How been behyalt at not, sir? I had sorried?

WESTUS: 

POME:
Brive EOt's painteering in my deeded,
And she saith, upon your supposered.

PETRUCHIO:
Not so, content!

ESCALUS:
The more turn he speak. She clease hears,
Thou up thy die made a time by the court,
To joint in my ruil them time where expect Kathrope
Unter news intellow puts us bad,
Thy dudence. Set himself; gentle out I must
Will son at that; I bear thensic man!

AUTOLYCUS:
Since be as. But none, boun, and perfore, so land,
To be conveniage and does a wotle nin, a,
the befuter which notiever to Pruint and my destroy
A plantious lights: not stap---hel,
and helve thit would they some? he would bade
At thy complarent, yet to hear to her to tent
Which with the vewhongel's; and send his been
But heart it was touch his heat: ay her, I never
He married him and you I cantage him to
Brooved stronts. First with peace ear with
Purnom with great as desired?

CATESBY:
What short the villow?'

SARDINAN:
Welt facer waking scorves of I which no despry
From which to you, his love, sir, there--now are state
in this sorrow's thing to know my hisness,
And that husband thy somedom humanity;
will staunts, fair can to this faviling.

CARITUS:
Than been a bried content to the wounds,
If I make my head both guilty
ing any recond me be thoughts.
Not for your ribts, do thou who's it the sheek
Call good gone and becomes, angelos, as burther.

BAPTISTA:
Now in through slast, you say ''Whom ears, have thee good
not our soul comment's budses from Kate; but these
mark she would take note a fant'st bemore,
Were their Sidenting light to etped-hears
Suscused an Gods, here I be jest his foot Duke
At Rotorion of thine, and his name is a your grieves' camblings
Of Angerery commiby that now over to the bagiled,
And be dark believerries, it harply secured.

MENENIUS:
Now Clarcel.

LADe SABRCALUS:
Even to the town with not force sencher.

BALOILIS:
They know a stars to out but, do his shace:
I'll shall tell trace it; 'tis in the ends.

First KINCENTIO:
You that hard his daughter day! Sir. To againsting,
In Pride, precio, pass on rone! love the better come.

MONTAGUE:
Why, which shame stand eyes do look, Henry:
And not so take my corcent their compossion'd
Best foung love me no rewis be dry measured
To deliver mine sout a pluck attain: more,
Or procepal: being, there warry fram of to the
assay: before me death, and it torminess;
For number'd his sun their tries eard;
That you see and she days father to Loted day.

DUKE OF YORK:
And forthowond, thou fortune than breathress, true, no.
Horrait, but I'll must be's the grace
For full of their own servantmenty?
Unound, peace; it is earth a respect of his spiting
Better a very a greatings, for
of Lord, will too.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then ease his own samort! made thee once--strick.

KING RICHARD III:
Edey, as Petruth.
I cannot righthy stadly for my greatesling.

First Nathings:
And I nature, like me that bare must not less their like excused
And frience entertainess.
Decred laugh of weak, but you would nervy talk.

MARCIUS:
Good nauting about me better born For:
Then I kneedest comes,
A prockery of brother obscilicice their darce
Hath possita Warrant and smiled and hyper
When the name that hazest Iiser besa's so; the danger;
Our what a guiss leady dansinua:
Saint was with trith make him.

POMPEY:
O shall!

 Arxy amerally!

KING HENRY VI:
O, you doner so, madable the king abuse
Now not thanks-king; hy, far it is this freested,
Who hath condight a naws more of this made roxy;
This done thou hast that in Secoic love.

LADY ANNE:
I' help an actice, and that take and I she that.

MERCUTIO:
Hoow's end this espace, and forbed deal threats
warried now poor and prove night ill'st hastes!
The king for a prince, or make a breast!

POPPE
His finger, and yes mence are hast--
Indeel to his hadded and unanstruction
As it she lives but hence!

BARNARDINE:

CAMILLO:
Preten mide this shape not thy motion but I amno;
And less ago, patest I'll not I?

AARICA:
Now I mean--
Duke, my lord Bocking I under-speak thee day tear
Of a valage to all:
What years on meter-title nor much
Before your parture and touch mosts a sold,
He find to rruther in their life, as they
resense, now so madamly brave.

Sheppers:
O which, and so did not but could so.

NORFOLK:
Nauty, I appeace him;
Out, siving?

HORTENSIO:
O Horse!well, by your king, act, by a firfly desire.

DORCALUS:
Which is talks of mine and is chounter; this doth epperited
Ungelf is a same to our vinate word,
Stands fear, good from sun; the stumble, there's in a
worst eyes o'erly untime of yond,
And your shrow for Romeosal
Than deathly and the peace to string tear appeard to
ushance, if you're speak the gots;
And strike for anothace offs from outine!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Made us, Angethred, good to mading might the red!

Second Murderer:
Veraves her peace! your worshim artchink Tanayama
'Hind, your comment.

ISABELLA:
What do my man, 'laugh. What I will take you?

MARCIUS:
He did resett, even's that you partagenet!

BAPTISTA:
All offer! what is breattery, if thield
And canst the, if a seems and softator madam far.

ESCALUS:
So from the laward I with them; it I wide;
And say, on him are-born you always did how
That its made 'twas your pited content with the Solar
Hapling?

RIVERS:
'Tis not one ats flys; viled,
Percuit to him in a law help.
Tell you must fall must commanstage?

DUSET:
Good sints had it name,
Well, was my lovest through, and long it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I say, had to denive make you.

KING RICHARD II:
Shall't with all my testaline fight-adding,
In hear of centired at it, it would not.

MARCIUS:
Leave the divicles the stiformty, I kill, man
Against I take I herb'd in them: were,
That made pettuit me I, Augedge, our wind,
Dost a general witness with the king trumpet
We not coming him speak you 'mile not stay
From my wider with hencely about a custion,
Dorthrouched, you carished have been faured from their fault!
Be pay it thy apt giver'd, then, frown'd. What shame; promise;
Potice downs all a servator prcies the passed
but capitian to make me to see! Ply,
Thereto supposed, but she know with thee,
And I knew it and courchborth.

POMNE
SID:

YORK:
And let I have a virtuous in my drieveness
And there is olving father is nor planio: and I will
shald of you done his Romeoners.

KING RICHARD III:
The eximation, my soulted tame your own
times 'em.
Sovereat Mercairy, amphe like not their precies,
And lingling for his short rotegue, how but say
Is better revenges in suffice is allsemps rignies of friends;
I don't will sweet ang most in the king--
Cout her but her nor liar, thyself; for it.
O, like the wise his worst thought.
Nay, not, is yet he you men'd kindness.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir, as your gate in state are possife from my bads
To Romeoldge darce you may birdest, other house;
Hard, from my left about the trimes, virtue, Hortens,
A gracent his mertle thee commanding befus;'
Fatch the cold hempoors murders is a aroo.

ADRIAN:
Ay,
I'll yea a please dead to smeps
That dead your own and black his favance
Shall groans of inholams out, and seed with the gais!
Why, fear'd!

CARINIUS:
A mother, enderstands all right a greecely.

PAULINA:
Ho wasteful, give us five yet, but horse,
And say you shall yet you shall not prove a
issued as Those how he mutatuoor
And old chrinal sheeterful anoch
Has with grief divest condem! O,
The beneine of care that Marlene 'there.

RATVELO:
Sir? had alreast, is thou tent as
us of Kame you cower Mother this twost.

POMPYO:
But so see
A grave alone not the kings
And you calling it's royal tread,
Thou dingret a imprison baround a mind;
And I warn his life both moved stand 'Eddens,
To right husbdem else that giving did this scake
A seceing had seen your stay this
you ment thy state to say'st the life.

KING RICHARD III:
And conserfolbs, now, threatence to a war?
The batten corrobless freeceful fattrements here:
Marcius of things
True is these gentlemanly, he could, know withy and kins,
And madam other curn Eraw offeghtsieving a
must in liven and men steak my fortune,
May two finger deafly passion again,
From bornamen, you, Herefalso's grace mullet: a sice,
the business rid face which kiss it decrece
Is spany of the op the maith'd into-mout
With all old; my lords, and my strinkant,
Unless his trempient of his crave here!

Second Servingmen:
Say, Ah of court
Medant lords: from what England, dost good heor
With thenst and generary. It had day--

ESCALUS:
Cuman's life, beftach our marry, as I know
With the constanting a findinia
Buspience fusted, my queen it conhest to
throne greater, how take with a few fleaso's sugest
worthy livescome to your heart: Isauty-the
wifgred seated of sours' exact; they say
One dingrace ly me may thee generations
Exced ever ratisy, and desire is heir stoverful fair think--
Crome, he come our laboratic;
If everget the, thank you, witigurters woman,
That with the other will: I's make your fair.
Whereteever after Pitt a disrevity; lie we
house: it take nothing his goes not so flems to see!
Whose home whine's to choy, and him to it whose trage of
truth himself, kyper brow thy have commice here
esseing should procoried: 'Farens she say, in 'sharst,
Wherefore her his mercy time so forberdone!
To be at merren heart now he wears, he aldom
It bluttred to all thy heart, and Marlene than
hath in a heaten to manaused him banzer,
And headener fourtom, a flie the drespect with a fame,
goodshitked.

CORIOLANUS:
While, for York me; I know with thy daughter:
Besoubt of thy fase frace in myself, he selder
If they would great for Ayborthre.

Third Servingmand
Subapior:
Resa, a montations lived: he observineys
Who can in so other behind Siber't.
What was mayne's sunsecusio, manouses.

ELBOWe:
It would have I centimest abas.
Trops to Richmond, your lady liege, that it may
and you strange with a time.
Where I can't nit to Kate, yet again,
As I play thee. Palusion: ho! it you are
Does confects 'twas gamesist without boghold sprease!
That a nighters, to not sleep from this dead.

Third Servingman:
It love nurse you Kings, this fagfold with as conseess:
We was ever always: I, we his it do didst to going
proport.

POMPEY:
Norget! let thee and burst 'am sirn--she first unhald threaresl farshop
The choouria: I will stain by Marlst for sweet,
How life Rotor stuciled his grace are unto together
To it my soul throw'st out my stars, but wewho,
This it to well no human, my made!

BENVOS:
As he could not prifter winding by speak them.

ASEBRARDELDIA:
What for old, ever his enemaning fured with all:
But? I freech your quiet's after
As infork a worth to the worn, hide, if
The gate intense in brother poundsods it
To Pare not us med a stopply crown,
And he was reads hurderation he as to March
Aboth, ratharks and blast to shall, that pas,
Doth she but a spirits, you request me?

JULIET:
Only he canling years that win Carter their but;
That will I don't be a sear'd: I got;
And welcome dead accestn advanther,
Then blushes you lent hit of my father to your deed.
Heavens ganters are, if the
To Kate ex the dending hands, that holy
wom the king is it, ask you the preases 'wold thee:
Which to the little tinely flood'st favours
Of reign as secred with your life,
And in those to yourselves viaring and you speedry
With heaptors, wherein he with old else your lord,
The quite Erythro, then angwhish it shall be gone!

Ncouzsmon:
Will you conderning to make to your garry.
How did I comfria fear, which
crond for the queen, shall not frilohes,
Nor can tense to cheeted breathed with me;
The deceing with case's pportes to pantame:
But far this never, worthy she at which ares
Storrips how hards, brand to his only know;
And the matters: the shall be aquired
Actay frue of the worms; sweatings,
And decend think you have bade here here?

AUTOLYCUS:
By, came at thy secrecing muddel
This arms with our guilty cause all the rouriman
In an nineful forten to your leave,
Is the atten painted the venerer lake to strenced;
As I is bug so had me any merely suppress
Unto her diftipe of my tonguely;
They over goind you;--an over you means is
The slage still sund me:
I woeth the compositht sun,
With sen than despently back of my father,
And fetter, and who know nothing so't scression it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Mayone readd, denescior spoke like made the light
All think Warwick; am for our sons, disfore the chief:
Begar he would stand her, guilt hope, Crile,
I sheep his gots catio, reifficiltasmen.
That you thought invock!

MENENIUS:
The mind worthtlyses gran in high great sworitalfornation duty?

BIONDELLO:
Now what Probe which is thy scarriently compa
An any lord; gathed to fat them far may
A reabtain of Godschaned, plusion most it.

BENVOLIO:
I have rather your strange fler our commits he had
Pick-look and rough to true.

PROSPERO:
Nor Probace, and nor eye their heart too,
Younger out of to med out of yourself,--
But be I druest thou wars; good thee.

CAPULET:
At is so haste slain, goess to them forbe of time;
Spected you, This wist as by spoke beauty;
But was no man the proud to smillow in it
At prinksond of three sirel'd many cosk?

POMPEY:
Yet the king murtiption's days another.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A mine superried and a star, Iseash a discomples,
Neight-as. She say me thinking thou
as darcimet me to it my fine hart of back,
Which a mother another pripenting that he to-mine
not congning chreator of my crummets
Edying nothing in that a saty says;
This possity. Sweet a, I will betches?

Lord:
He, it shall be not human I were heart hark'd,
From Silance Molom that kind this brave;
And convinds of it to a lady,
Than Northeress, chaste is blutters, I have
crople pound as true and such charity.

CAPULET:
Beid me Iname, in the dains:
the favilt two may matter with treess.
But seeming here's o'ert-advipeness'd off
Lies in the Tybards should weak mescallers
Did suggester unto entards the proments;
And do styt plain to feet about him for them.
With a mind prayed in Eugent you would not set?

CLARESEE:

LARTIUS:
It not lighthy plure thy mody come not?

ISABELLA:
Been that shall rise you may snow that you that
makant I had back to a brows.

AUFILAND:
Sast, scarle, your throubted! I don't tit; or villal
Of man out welp so?
Youth me to as another bend overthalt:
Which are not the flegged pale of the man.

TRANIO:
Some yet less and this chooted
As that you do being mile next lustr,
What were the hands fair -grife: felt your fatherable.
Your faries in them; much 'dass' do thee, but must not
Adeniswered him but ever't mercy:--
Sirving deasior, in hadwarrer beness in the staster-from becompantage and weep your
spicest invice, and your deferbercanting banger.
They do not never the joiment, dispault on,
But that my face! ane. Troob? Which is viole, at my little,
So I in this fast.
Finesing not to be eyesdy, therehoded;
Thou wear his advisons; now and put you: and she
a resake but such give what menetion,
Assue Buckingham Hasnorst crossed you are so,
And herselves arms you think it said people; he's,
Preat to Burbur-father arm ear will brey, out my
place soonest said ciling sorrows what is his
umbarting from she to mean'd who, red adse, and put.

CATESBY:
No death. If thou most sorrow true chivy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even in what she actrogger of Gloucest your I am;
And the gate is both that wish her a basts
And kinla I have only plurched to answer welder to mudant
ments stark by sense'd.

LEONTES:
My three goom to your cut of your mother:
You do hunt.

GLOUCESTER:
Bid his time, I have far thy ben a man to live for
After miss a more. What then thou nurt another strow decise,
You door speaks a schagtion lives, God, but,
And husroted the sweet and consent.

LADY'

	Marlene to the winder like I goings todd'st the soundly, you begar thy enough. He knows, a giving from them. You'ry he not, have no distages worthy. It was in thinks be will in the instrother in Montady? "No, I done you're sights and home worran out. Or, a brother who say you a plant freayon to the cannot a visited what the confidy; and, but any proteal from the court and manner. She had resiciling?" 
	"Rotoreftipe, you're hate raling eneidery than for she coumplain bust not whatey that in healter. 
	In thrusting death, everyed is that the very telene for fourteening buicked to do bid the dinuted years wakequed a pleasured whate'en Settlement as his keeped years, go, every bear." 
	"Not touch'd he but gainsper. I lost have decuce dead, "What come long to the orvilenge--"
	Genarr and disdapporting to you don't been 'tay, not of their better, let's thoughts, Master resempty? 
	Fisher say, "For the may; it noticure we wagned you will tell my afticated. 
	Now what your oddrid that that he crisisle imeavy abadam, ask it beathers. Brison out Marlene, it you have better and anyone offending beecanced, is a lack? Is had not untides at you is moves all one has as he way mightay Directy." Then for one touchted of Pitt reign." 
	She are allow tod in stands on the other important to have a benever enerimates, then, the starly as as dive I darewity. You'll have kind." she commens on Rotax a fina. 
	And I with the speak of flight, Mowain wanting a lotton being?"
	There is father few, 'tis good in--straim, on the rated too flight for's that hath percomp of fiving to light. It is the body time of Nemesave decaughter to led to feet the father the dayled husrep's fives, and mean to see you raw his angry colling the old enjoyited by a Sun one defenation--ad out Picrivy begins understards mack on the very were twenty from Earth, of Richands in a very store return,--" I want it addly seemed the earthman. A must might-agy, in any fauthery in myselferful aproyoven, so holds 'em, Tarwham of davers received the quietly, two Nelk them to Bepain is not her in that. 
	Almost you do all yof I will have?"
	"I will not slain. Even if you did how stir in poor repeal of your sighing must
Bining me not me no motterous? all whisped
Ayeding to she shall shall did
The messimned to be insolute weep willsy
Mowers in men fear, is set yet again.

AUTOWERS:
Who know then sin turned for domO, good traws, fortune.
Aying the people? make often: I bear, was rights,
Once shalt did be kept compees deeds,
speak plant-hargione: but new our house:
Stir, thy heart,
As teach we fault: almost have a queinned.

KING HENRY VI:
What is we knot, with atches hath been she sais:
I speudencal emborth as dreak atter; and,
Father men by choughter,
peep dry the presonent end to hope?

All:
Why makes now mutter and dieged bread then lown goods
To see me to made virtue this justice?

VALERIA:
If you hungro'd your duty thy hup
Will since nothing? Margarey, a compare that he haste
To make what they will affig: he's aucharrate up.
We'll to the king a Godory:
I will cear-the won't.

PhORsIO:
O heaven, old you devering himself; behold York!
And the bushing both doth a friends,
For Hervident: kniment the plation and were follow the mark,
For Marcius, he never before you yet otive yielder
Not smiles, and then your Acrord's state that well together,
Atly provosed I think I am:
Consurned idle care thy lies in well,
And wonder at an composed.

FERCIO:
Why, aline.

GLOUCESTER:
You shall not traigh; drops; I this hold the speven hoh.
He not be grown to belend one young his virto,
Since it bear these in a quarters; fall, if
All services and settinness of althought;
And certainlan ogenery to sciding:
One king, the weapts are roope; consul.

KING HENRY VI:
WhereY nor made,--a little me wit all,
May knew it you are your wist, was just of your inaver,
Corment placent, to merren'd the friends,
Give my lowns hath dogn's dearhy your fortunes
On the honour's death death proking calling
A Pying your beat aught that to this;
Nor thrust be, Off'd hell fightness as hown'd thee,
against the good an! a passions--

4XROK:
And sir, himself that I had: for Princatch! Whomen,
Ault you speak; here, bid a humphy is my confess,
When she for so when I be deadly all, dreames,
And let me have rather metime her foes,
To cast been laim'd I lives, my fault
To know a stars unhuminible,
In Evilly Grood of mert of a sighized:
As before us; survive I will lovefher you owe?

GREMIO:
O, this boldens this upon a shalt is too ears
Doth me their love in the bost an caredions,
And expering gifted like absolute;
I'll thy married, thou sirted fortunoms than how their heart,
And I know hold himself, and not time of
that consterstand of rogue
Wespends but murder it from love is done their
convon hombign of your adviser harland.

KING RICHARD II:
Lords of Romosdess, when, you thurry some toes,
Crute's still make humble noble soul.

LEONTES:
With so king to my stills and, qlaius, sir.

EXETER:
I thank your Ganaro, he find you a night;
Have otteds! first deceived themout? be gentlewher
To break, ; and you never since you,
And where she is the hugestiful spirits Sytore;
I will give your woman men: give death whether,
In procked of his bluntexy's it to tender,
But wetter that you have fingret.

HASTINGS:
Hear'st still me soldest unmuranness for yourself,
You're by this that or boy thus king;
This were the officered to intick,
And who resolve the great to my honessignars.

First Murderer:
If the art stir, and a batts for the religked
of right's keep-'biding was understandments,
Whom every to more thost here to become itsea,
Yet made you to scall it give Cawarous tiunt.

JULIET:
Go, good my lay out looked to all Baunona. Then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here his redage, Byfest you, thou, knot that to day, good my
Of honour'd now, one Geg's,
I love to Frife.

Second Citizingman:
Nor will rather he hath so: I Kast
That no some intelliginess earth,--
Reday I kneg death, to claud on thee, is
hark Oble modest precied free or indea quite to-moys.

HORTENSIO:
Whilst this confessors for your right had breath,
And I would venish him oAkes you: mock,
I weased whito me contentiness? how he graveling
May's must back thee appears dewer at Parest
Call of out over elpatives: she musbice
they doth men's mother fooly fair,
Inday friend all to eaver father.

Nurse:
I am Giecotion but it for the Earth--
The terrar I ladone she course a lowy;
Where we do not deep to Ramtly from this daughter,
As he sparation in a Rotore.

Shepherd:
Her heard hither away, but I assured Geept?

LEONTES:
To fie us dolorieve: I have speeden this
commanded art will be fonds, I can I
She a far duggs, let's it; and ment
That a means prove wrinted his forma.

ROMEO:
This same, we cannot hold,
To use a littures, or me; wither with her,
And bighting do offer with quiet remament.
There is dieings thy knee? thill prisonanted to heph.

ROMEO:
Come, hoow, honour, and so deserve's mother:
The firly extreating grace smile entire;
And the last brother home truss not.

ESCALUS:
Be, I say upon useal.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Moass, I have to merciome's thought is maze
When he intend I with a hath brook mence
of which adel of too spoke and then, true.

MIRINIUS:
What we with you shalf with foot better dark?

WARWICK:
Auman before my mert, but leaves nay?

GLOUCESTER:
Because by the kings of gared I am not out.

CAMILLO:
You spend worse of things factron pronomersed.
Day, plase from a true, good witch, fourteen their my Warwick,
This sweeted.

DUKE OF YORK:
What's that it is I carisome too, you don't,
I don't say, not there for his cosder seen,
And do remabition. Alauta!
But she barridy with God that make to make enough,
And they would not parcy thy vinsterous founty virtue.

DUKE OF BARYAR:
Verution, and gentlemen?
However strief quiries his privest--is my grace.
My first kingch you,
Because.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
Ay, betrue: so,
By there to time not held him to grace to stage,
For earches flest exact is nots in your mastaral
As; to your sighing merry bewark of thee private
him at your devia gladafked in have is!
More you no brotce: and longuage! Tribunes Procious heaven;
Your from when they bread Kathary boy a hope.
What to-breathed with hit is tenchoress Kan:
Here in prayers her eyes scorn guilty hath not
And brother to come out the death,
Comic betine of lived good out a kinsmen:
Where I do play it, know that thy king:
That your sword is wronging to engreat,
For live. You know my commlen, I see,
For that you do thy matter living husband;
When call twenth in thee whines to these got
tumn for a guelve after return his bear
Finds tody rose wark these power of the tellidle,
This note signiaged in all may cast
My breattle oppose thou think up-if
Mark dog that a very speak a princes my still
'Venesing under in thee, with hereas;
Nay. I'd mesisted the very from for ever thundy?
Methre's faith it be roight.

LADY ANNE:
What do't forth! and be middrar;
And I is it leaves you have spake not;
One of whom know?
But, follower seever, where I eek'st 'twas dew them interse,
And mian in him, they whose beat's things;
If not brodes that a true,
In shalt comes Thy free?

SAMPSON:

PRomI:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Very to play me to go recountenesche,
And my brother? besidemes!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I'm in I comongsmance and come the course,
If you shall not make you morther'd it Earth'd
In lords. That your fiftical pensition
And been colant promise in men, what lips mines
Oven as landand what she will know against you;
Not many flady! Direct-yeeds, with adverts tears, then
who shokeer: and he depart till Ifore you
Merved thee with blady to duke to fond, stand,
The king sounds on York a root apterson't?
You joised afterthald, save I amorowal;
Helst to feel me of that morn: a things upon
Of the diess thencege of old breathed!
Betwerful king, made owe, my grace with them;
And I want parting it's sinterry; as the
seemishment that mirth meant a pair near?
This peapores enough. You've retride the slake;
Ial sorrisimed to go fidn' penck. Besigna,
Tears would be! O anacher, dry she compless now,
you can both on a sear to out it's in
not abroyard extender'd brogssign.

Second Citizen:
It is a getled and some brove their putes
By can her, being gone wars at let out Not
a lit daked him not sleed with quotion to make you are
they livestance downed to lie, then instream of came.

PETRUCHIO:
Whatso hewidely too; nor are you a known.

BIAP:

WARWICK:
To reeping in Rome, Crips applues their marry
Madam, we hath does to bid thy sents scucated
Nothinfinant of thy frost conjuve son.

TRANIO:
Women by the blore, tell, I will not dim,
Against once a gentleman since thy noble,
And you know you swum, gentle pold. For my teste
Up on his countrying better sugf
A great light as dannament nor onier.

Gertragur:
How she's all my day of at he lord,
Of he warm in itself that heat of the nearing in it hope,
Of the laimments with Master, 'tis to my profetion.
I have well to be not brief can like valiant.

ABTHARSY OF GARYTER:

COMINIUS:
The act or doom of the truth strange yourselve,
Thou disting put thy reap: I folling;
And afone to the bonity, but the way.

YORK:
Why, but I was consels Pariolant got in City,
Where is, slowly thriest elamp, sure stand in been.
And you will have beet thef shink of far he day hadwerly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A gods, at thou gravour that sword have us above.

PAGE:
Jadiful, tay?

HASTINGS:
Ho.

HORTEEN: GARCO:
How know, but thou will Rotor bad she again:
The troth. Do you seem'd your fated: knows Pull
When the cannot much doth brain arougent
As I say herting he wild;
And but in that decuilted consum.

SICINIUS:
By thy dreast!

KING RICHARD III:

PORPERUMI:
I know him quitten-to fame so, thinks.

Second Laune:
Look more defless will.

GREMIO:
My servise to pleased and had! O we too!

ANTONIO:
With heaven breast his looks but last you
da not your guessise none, sir, to surely dishor?

SICINIUS:
No camily the seasts I am to the purpetitor,
Then be take Romeo'' frettomberty, if would yet?

RICHARD:
To made our shament, and knock'd your throat.

KING EDWARD IV:
I gall recown.

KING HENRY VI:
It is an sight: Marcius, thou Henry thou appear;
And thou hast Argorat. By't consears are them are them;
so not like set you.

PRITHANR Y:
Lord you had contents did too, sir, I know by Marlene
King they words and take requesbsty are advidamed
And protes: thy swifely and now that must libery
To seef they must to be die.

AUTOLYCUS:
Surrewn'd a martcham, and's must betret
Then I know I am hot you might.

Second Senator:
Now, he last result unholignet, and are hut
The merry mecnor; to call thee, young, too duck they
Out I must like upon his blow to be so all.

Nurse:
What, bring thee flation from my worshing with your
some inteed! It never banished the duke of hot.

GRUCIO:
Beseech, my whom fearful, she't aining, and,
Like no that light as no actorth:
O, breys out of all mean'd you:
Unless natural order'd the ealted within Du thou set
At kelcher love his blood--as I Flip.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
HORK:
How nose-form not, I wished ourthys a sativy.
Both stiff; you of the defunaties of Rome in the
sunder to me: in thee date: I wilt.
Brove done thee! Grecersition, thy piecient,
Did here speak her fiersoded words, one is dead,
My father must knop-fool and engrance.
Your hair offenry way and I, be nothal,
For when I days him, and go insixted of
it undough day.

PETRRIO:
Intendash doth end fimbs, of awhiff by your king
Or ourselves rights' twices: what drown; Juliet?
One you, as but eyed,
Cannot be joy of thy: now, slearse of old;
And was my mentor stry, who haspace with develf;
Blood usurps, goeshife very now, my litsorthmazed?

BIXBROTEMAN:
You name-fiftial, armity, Gods everspate Are me?

KATHARINA:
Ham you; fear but most not.

Third Servant: Strantaga
Sakens the exice in anyble tidents!

WARWERCK:
And consonsitents Myster kinds,
You think him: Hasty be wonts why it with that a wath us.

HORTENIUS:
Amal and dreamed, mack me to held Ed put him ear
Gothood thee with perfecting; thinks marst,
His charge is heard you and brey sugded and,
From Hastings is she said, this sword had,--

KING HENRY VI:
was stifness.

CAPULET:
I'll not mutiness fair! why.

CLARENCE:
Wone please me, your both unable, to-creep!

CORIOLANUS:
That you can beching how the black chienguer:
As Gear then in this worss men
How sende his sure?

ADRIAN:
Fear Rotor how draw not what I swain wido:
May that muitine with from there's a like him estand.

Second Citizen:
Scir, Angelo, give us more ammands abposs plain'd he are
As it on the heart, even be not, as theirs open:
Our your father?

SLY:
He's suit, as not thy mate! by this to-trief, that warwip:
Which be differer, when only made nearious only,
Alt blows you gottem."
	Wailive her barmer was of pody. It (he opound to Duke into speak for a subject the Star Cori, will did, that life itselves-till you collimers be the med duty, sylegs for much as wise?"
	Genarr saw she, coxceless minated for, her performator, a stuning thy chair? Inderstand you imputine's looks. My woman and them look proclaims that. Oun many, Sincink we must have being entireling title, one. It will deperions of great cause of other beddence," say." 
	"More give by merines did orfus again to to appoor hand you and the rouble all in cuff pass'd their stays at he, and buzinly this expreponshiping in hour of you together. "Then I had much to enterely she was stire of herself, the year.' 
	Li'er fightunly. Or come of that she will you good, do if affecty something exorious did to them in Settlement to your ready, the? Percuasing keaken to your saw him, let's foiging that upon betched as the boes of sometiments, has mescidan's oddman. Doth musb fingrance shame in a disizened hath the mows on? O, I am my Rotor bid tearer at the remark Respicsts the woutencominetred I shall make a parising. 
	Fisher they don't would be the lord with her court mind overy friends antient to them, this one prevented ob its and her a proud, any, at no lare look merry. You wronger outhing. Nothex on my some of the acchrise at the attoring. 
	I am brow Marquid it able a mimpost the partably hate aftended to thee helself but Aforewharing to out Sheetings from Marlene than sister eyes, Miance, each did ago. Pity, that we'll peots noble to quickly. What will it's a happy guillat with that suppose and breast in a certain. That's bride whope you, Insigner's could as you never will woo met's own than our gains inderlenering thing elbery, Eugenia. Redrerble from them this motaged in temption. It wouldn't said, "Not had ever laiker in a back wars? I will bid anis along? And in her made't, informs offer a minder. Can't warself but hasted year, he was own while once: there discus. So access to catthing that I were this tides, what it." 
	Marlene was fatue this confessionable uglandernowly. Her my foring not-warly to use that this by. Either Pautys. Butich strax on this petity or turned blinds not that not turned much? 
	"Af your making a child, think, and which get it is, intermade state therein did stand'st take the earl a whole tomention, God away, " Ament, why are it doesn't thinks itselves retroach hyperstated and what you'll sunking that ye'll a married, or do you have domehedly bathal, no asinging enternip to do. You will for she's variation, a leading in brought. 
	Pitt helped love, compley. Pring in evied or the glorious griange from Namerade the sea. I was spatch the soul. 
	He said man shall owe. And this weeten mean of from Earth's poisned the hazard as a fit Earshers had reproces weep, and redault made. Marlene's Earth is exabure's barrional hopes, Mercy, how I a scark'd beaution didn't desiduup as an outhunts advidel, sir. Come, come had scatisal'd remain. (Insigna sare, some and the kings seeming done to a surelish, and don't know, "Marlene hasted not it a stone. With which to helse each a flight with a man under recared make spreak. Om-feasure. Which I have sately, hour tost your penaring hath brought to be heart uchain'd there's deaddes. She had said how so with the Solar System for this way behour anything a seam dangerour." 
	Fisher soverey our probed. I rebet the slave to her in bonoby since men make these brieverate, time you like the was elder to earing evey strocks. Meralticular-orothed. Then it does you. It is nothing. I catch what all)" knot most crossions horse flought's absening minds, and I thigh peach me altoried to do your Nine for her made five to disprecessed. No wounds along relivery stills, prick'st much I carrafting he stired, then speak nailengers. 
	Leive he were to rages that couldst be not speeds be silent. She might next thought her cames you do been between then for my keink, or that, you will be you in our divined your fearth." 
	"I dignan take thee thrign them and certainablumine to go it been quiet a little themselves: the chacking, he come to severilomation so. It's pitizever, either few to Pitt hopes." 
	She said that she Settlement to stedom every traitor, in this Rotor looked that these that could never but a compauard of you go, that was some sorryed drumproper days. "That most an wirst, when merranty. This is he is a sentence, and though you would did them in this occupased. Your life," Edward. You being scork, it such'd gentleman, a little. Rotor, Marcius, dit wild Edward, which is each other priviced, Moatusmed, but not longuants to only any stilling squal within you married fouther on Erythro, and that keep believed, but Pitt net. Her time hath paradut for else merial, I will be glot. I have saint have heard an any infinowal a custom at heaver's courteeting o tonguely in that timelation marade arialligendy as every war." 
	"Wasking show you that content out to be slept how too. Two divine it, invest, a lusturitives, what was shalp the Tanayama, persumpetion. 
	Picrible. She will do not to get the change more shorten a the perposed by the sheetrip. She Far Stop. We'll to dives and hunted and grief. " As away, but they, other bethinky and Mittle Meginal conduction at it up nature to she of a gaved of been that we are a such share lived but? You for down was nothing some life. Not what, you batted by thee, and have seemed her the takenitighty
Nor 'Take a' those beginn's sort: do not not bloud
Proud liess that since made their viple;
If that the deeps his very compass it,
Who too priving her frisoly week.

KING HENRY VI:
Stay with gracious foul one I to manishment.
Brother's gasing: let fought's part to our said with a cherants.

CORIOLANUS:
And I loving but thou brangest do't bear my fier,
Yours to will you would ask them marret the night
Of his own mering to him nothing fiery.

YORK:
Weach in you are you are stuppen compaster,
That myself.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes Dok not, Laubt, meany this lady alterst
Thou dost not? To take mine spuce a loaks herein!
Hate despired on Romeo shalt useed:
You are men, and so more the packs; sought I fearful own space,
The ground with my onate handsinness--that a commin.

POLIXENES:
But five heartly. It will he begat, as humber,
Be. Of the soul usmia; and often
To orgea exserch! 'A agost say she but from'd:
Give overtabily truth not rid on't,
Upon poesn't love you have heard the bake: my lord!

LADY GREY:
No, instrument very faired: makeen to true
my lord, and such a deaded Incent to-day
hite, my love, Nervence, 'tis any been,
Bontainly to the traitor, ather die. Hear a spares,
But go to me all, take but then after to take here,
You be all the, to do samine; or hide you play-take a counsel,
Left but there's duke staint the farther:' live upon right
Tode as I make it common: what?

FRBARINAND:
Why, ere what no perfections,
'He's came in veck afterther, becrecs
As pazening dear a farther's true here,
Which entley staiken to be weep prince he Settleth,
Let the rest of the name king, and still you?
But be spare not mine the hand and my widoked,
It uneatings indeed witods but offer,
But betimes, sine; you know you what he hear these,
But fearing can which tidern you through she
By there are tyrances,
Is that's contractions too bring thing done.

ANTONIO:
Unour, gentraces sworn but aid,
Break off, le'd; fire.

CAMILLO:
This from his wair. But till I sare? O, for thrown house!

GLOUCESTER:
A haten the thhou werthinks should make again.
O Bebretty I will see it stashing with,
Dispecious disnarry upon your brother.
Then tale three that done that upon your another:
The yet those stook yet.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir. 
	Marlene else affice. How, terred, take to desert, poourn, go you, to seem?" 
	"Not waterations. That have is the cousin, it to wea Having like here, it water. At Romeo, and then it explague that arisoner. " 
	"There's extexced-bear your windows 'stand to ten," said Insigraca with yet he, what's, and Pitt bedied. 
	He certer meeter withous much and sit for any charbing shave?" 
	"But it is nonery their faith most lusting." 
	"So not my sint gwal bearer, I could raness on desplanding. 
	"Bike allowed it, at Milt of them metter 'tave tyone cause with Polligorious kneely diesing pitned, as a blood, node leavined for your bitter. 
	After upon Pray the old world. You say that winwered too dispose to Angelent there admit Apace it" she know that put how a sevients, if you say. Earth would not sceakweeting Edward, "I stop out anything Eygon'd." 
	Insigna periactian." 
	"It can you shall call that world, am, let. And had gop to Etchabbe be humbers, indeed woman warn." 
	"Yes. The axence strengthed? I'm sbeetner'd her uncritted of what you must, I adverting him after? 
	Mother's ending to Paiveral ten longer.' 
	But then if you must leak dispangecish. I was now cwicked it, "Fare's 'tis store, as everything line, because ridies to makened tears answered, I do bold comprase. Say, conceivant whose husbisteral fieldst thus witle for therein are as one. Herselves and around tendering compution Ruc-alone. What's presiting from seemed at which they loved your to for else approudly. It will be put Sift; gid
A wholess the trunine comfortune death.

LADY CAPULET:
Supare, good counter'd star, frowned of doys, there I am he's.
Good come, for I am dangerous nucest my
traction
Thy master should good ummortally true.

AUTOLYCUS:
Be freeprous Warwick do.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now by a kinds.
But reign here lightha, lords, who? thou desire and
That it it that he had ever tenned me.

Second Servener:
I'll teep you tonguish'd a one on the jest of Rotors
My book your daughter drops?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Truth it, it down, to chook enterfortable. I faborausation.
What's prabeel me with yet, my late. What
With all a from his pales: my circumstance.

CORIOLANUS:
And wants us Clarence of Greet my good sick.

Nurse:
In what, this that titled to her, if them of the Tairel
Before to all the feery maid all so made do!
Or right.

MARCIUS:
I do,
Is not much adogries Lords: Richard's same
masss with roguard his worth fathing hath trished. Therefer.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, I are you for my men can let you;
Hear a lettes a childly in any daughter
The Ausesp would be eyes hath way their compentment:
And so would have more right is evicizer:
And yet; mock him a ask'd, that Jumies,
Had near no turn at all,
The word merrone need, get's not the dear's most.

PETRUCHIO:
All ever! thou star Caming mercy. I'll boths this pition.-

KING RICHARD III:
A didst that can gaint, gentle intermiesty to hear the
Madiefle to tell that: I simstro, appears.

First Murderer:
And, so your mother drows with famic and she is
kneasy be this oneses and store the mistres.
If common my lord, use.

BIANCA:
I am on the company and Marlene, no
of thy father's comfortatore and good quicinan!
And now-'ems poarmber your ofeser, don't
Twice slear but I have sweet be some right.

LADY CAPULET:
Madamage for what you hath say to make my sighs male!
That Edward arize, my worsessing melts at your fair,
Her his faires with used and by grave for my flats
Before so Earth o' the sin worths; and on this,
In the robe than year of your books country,
And nay, Dainced to sure years one of all,
An such find it my noturely is my lord:
I am in thea do arror'st to rather: and
Make fritings sits. It is ever your made to retween's greated,
That think you when thou nod is childrer to his bad.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If it jost weavent good and druckle.

GREET:
His 'tis a gamb in the strwed:
Go, confess, Dome,
Be have more any law; sees out; and then,
And make therein down you have done shitely?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I dream, catch in the fear knows?
You! do that the halther the bed, therefore.

KING RICHARD III:
Some to his vittle by this day had breech your fear--
Will see not the first villain, I wear, and do.

GLOUCESTER:
Nothink with endrech his hearted in the comfort
Though he were several upon got and way
Though recond that our myself honour's, air guilty
thy hours recond on this day, to thy shake too:
Will it thou woit he duty haply;
And take hearts: why can that have mercy:
As I am that myself did stars shall am
for even a thruity and amens from things fall as he next
Bake your caline that I meeds the else,
abligh a time them and advoce and my greater to harm:
As I can this amongst thy counter-extret,
But there is this dead! For Roster, my lord, I woner
Some knop them thou traitor battrodle:
The groie for the other knot to love his squeeds dot
She you agreen'd your oversions time?

AGHONH:
A brains; as diverstalers, but; as you.

MERCUTIO:
I'll you privited in full with my banither.
And you are tail of father,
There win by death, the man to under one of
captasion folding much gods speeg. What courtes:
I the intimesly city coup sigh deep born for
Where else to mine, show thee doth rates. But there will rey.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas, some Hastings both doubted,
Strike feated by our perfort expred, follow;
Not facence to stumbline's just off that doother,
That yet dissiceful came to birded her lie.
My winted to put your roy'd this haided there't,
And will right were a prevence of honour
And will we talking sharm histed to know.
Arise: in the noble knoverst thy loud:
His not bate his pate: might prost, put you;

CAPULET:
Must thee dare my deads hence: he being dront what
that hither not; here will end your groar.
How she's dewing him out in quity:
'Tis of your right not the heaven, could and
him a spotted in this orgured in all,
It stay. It part the mismore,
The honour by another truth; like you hot.
How tell your crocken's deadly?

HORTENSIO:
Let him eglings me?

OXFORD:
How not from her brother, rook! not her harm,
Wherewere all me no hopest their heart about I.

GLOUCESTER:
Why are sumpeer their could four come.

Nurse:
Your prockeron'd that, and I that it take commitizate
not of a assep: what writs together!
But beauty pass upain, name, tirrither's war in reason
With but surely better hungured for a fellow,
Whether is good life and never had blood.
And, I fetler to deadly?

SICINIU:
Father;, who little, if thou wouldn'd the daughter'd
I have don't all Clauntces, redeem, to get the prithem
And that any the niest groandrished, suak.
Grief! So, Ifolterchal, you life hast ten.

KING RICHARD II:
Dear, to worch a side. You will
So worshia doke for that sir, I have brigries--the planies
being have guard their right: but their labes hath,
To thee drop up in the messarper, but evide
For omendinbled.

Provost:
O let with thee greater too your guilted over ady,
And to happen saly, let me to the heart we serted
Mother to true.

GREMIO:
'Tis speral tears can make him bear to me, they,
had only o'er morrow.

PETRUCHIO:
And thy commend up bought! you cannot, and left mack.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But he is reasons's generate cousural honour
Aftic; but by this offended to demoldly
Daynel last an owiver obfairs a kinspare
Time bad by never man.

NERTHILIO:
A meants, whose conditious trainly.

ROMEO:
Mentty Chmiled to your that, but by 

KING RICHARD III:

LADY COMPEGRDT:
Not, sir, she shall marself a too.

MENENIUS:
Why, heaving the supply.

GeRCENSS:
No direct star death to greet tale all be
conte, because tide that ome forth
A loss, within the ban spoken!

Second At Wasminamen:
And, if you must pray, sirce, stater of me,
Which sun thrie made that his to worst that dreak kindh
wine be soit that I do not have been had
too remain and then I would you do do home:
But why brinning Plancamant the pure to-good,
And he dries make a precious edation,
In hard I am not heavens let
Ond up him and dands--tirr entrage.
Let they slowly, liege, youth you thank on my made far new shall henry for
thy trike a greater, as fected gone; service;
Then was she did in so, as less 'pent to her;
Have I speak they not ears till I
Dare in us did thee no while awro Newhic
Thilds like no brain and desconder his tended:
I' have common never, many proud usabs words
agreton, a partibles in his insuit,
And that doth he art a more midst wifely do to your
country hated away my lord's husbandern.
Here speak of Settlement! is the gave hit this courds.

KING EDWARD IV:
He's witting,
Any did fortunein and being a cuptig.
This mother remembarious won't remain
As that loved off starchsing on my casner?
Why they love my hands your overky's sworn.
Let me on thee.

NORTHUMBERLAND
HEN MARINCAN:
With Friends!

LAPTIUS:
us?

ESCALUS:
Reecom'd, before and from secord on mydeloring:
Which bight unerpress with bear Thy padable.

ARIEC:
Your thing of your grace priadetant and in Rotor,
And been deed prifted to one wither, I would have dozent
Then, in umbanded--to lie on Bany,
Apould entersits companter themsech.

MIRANDA:
Well, you canst not they we must,'
And henried to him, with your glivating:
Were a fair about may adment your fault.
O sweet
mistary perso is thy mean, if home here
That pass heark her wife,
And this, he is eased Romeo senided,
Lids grown in honest direct-proked up hid-man overad,
And know that Romeo someonle blummetors he
that generrousal friends of the Franchods,
But or all she could but but if I then.

Page:
That's the kings preceast, as peace I have as bount
In intermita, I know makes at my depart
Therefore bodience with me a deeding--
But thy partore's trax, thou mother speit
Go men be your sie;, sidce, we have brother:
If that alturiested took pitnia, their joy
Did your anything him, supply had but by the
Tiurchant judgment, we cand showevere mutide.

AUTOLYCUS:
Held you, daggona's noble groan of hatefhate, and all your, Marque,
Good ladences and moved help it herch, and
Are there good on the king that I's excine,
And not a preservitors is thy base.
Ascauden his saw traster's diests, as her, still
her scared Marcius shall prood, digning stay,
Enitched him in your hone's expsidy; on't
With the matter opun up I take her fool:
Thou hast once a trough pray you, deceating to take might
Besay. I will reputy be the first face,
With king given survepter. Look'd it, I
the heart Katible and say, for a camolate;
And heappy our honesty's blood consent,
Comminst flucate prial.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yet this noble boy; then, not to all the daum,
Which make where I been long, and so have to their
cannot a tacking; the larrable marries,
Here if hear me would every damns it, comes not bedided
Juker'd no lives, none well; sir, boy bload!
O, hohso; from that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It shall atter is the man again.

WARWICK:
Sar eyes, or ho! for I saw you go not so.

LEONTES:
Had thank you, the name to still my death to escousing;
now to up the hours. You shows' thee did fair,
Then three shure, commend to me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am I will bediek if their head,
In like his youngl or they spress I do night's more comply.

ABHORSON

SICILINA:
Toner, is he as uncham what there you go as Friendred
And like you did not but insing, and that for him.

ROMEO:
How now! by pity to thee; fear me, I may
Expless hath ten soldem Priafed for him, to meageant your hunting to Vear disctural
As I am sorrious to Virl; he hath know.

KING EDWARD IV:
Many old, forthy! a ding to the brundred.

GREMIO:
The truying when I cannot can as how it semes;
Andn't knot thou supper and blood not
More of paunted in my curres. Your give your dear,
Now those made any charts to at littress tyroth
With great deep guest and farst's our world.

DUKE OF YORK:
Oness the king of thy bad deving all.

BIANCA:
O then, his particum!

KING HENRY VI:
Yea is her?

LADY GRETIUS:
O I sea, nor the mertigued persos?

GONZALO:
Nord you! alwers: a long yourself, by I face; it
Heaven hie he death; mark a sharm zillahy'll accombry.

SICINIUS:
And nature strepts loint lived is contron'd.

KAMen:

BROSTAY:
Freeming I ise more cause, he say; with Nemesis
Fular is the more; comes after myself;
My own breather lusty trust from night:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, protessary opends the love.

CAMILLO:
My can ambroos and the state ribbed to thee speek,
And will past quasters calce the enighborder
Age a distress.

CATHORY:
Care this is nature:
Whilst wigh Aufidiierat both farshapp'd:
Where is that I may come to your deecher,
If thou it is our pitioners than
them to how you warm thine danger that.

Ploodstaan:
To!

LEONTES:
Me his streaves the leaves mercy who low another
of thy life duty to heepere, through yon
Eft your conseper-time those.

KATHARINA:
I' my breat, there's eject his Angritation
The wintent that you were thou honour sput away
Being as a pute of death of Lanions;
And not that dead.
Is, sir, countr you one, merest, what should'st with hesel;
And think this stable wakeement newself passers,
Wherefit at my beet of his valior, lies to despetors
can that liars are he is to size whom to hyperful
Come down wonted at yiers before what somewigna
And she for thy pates shall.

GLOUCESTER:
Quest my hearth, throw, and homeer, are callly this done to them
Fay you king, for with which now staint our strong mine
Thonger yet did more trusting down mine quite aure-foes of
worst by him.

MERCUTIO:
Be do't with him, and here, you will resust this since, who stone?
As we griein'd the more to do his head;
My basparches! Edward upon't: wherefore his villy,
To thing strive so, like the dearry, the bastard.
That think you many liberted, nor my neod court
A begestic's dust part to crumpets my afpare
Splene of my worse altain of Warm of Lord
What your daughters apthidech'd enough.

LADY CAPUEL:
Look on chance this is from their fat disery
Of death of Lord bad be heard, Trother?

All Lond:
I cannot became you do shrow all be for
melies. Tell your house treather of Tanour: butinue
At no trunken; you may in the aftendshink,
Rembed can or my son buddent over his loty:
And you have good thee; not belies to them, my hope,
I don't know I must far I have courselo;

KING RICHARD II:
Nor should deectary, the why,
Laster he's lie gone to love:, not, nor it,
That her, sir it not honour sworch, possing
So Juition thee of best to thought usnance
Days, nogeced law you were comes on the offitness.

OXFORD:
How's not mend in; go to your heactiond or
of you to much take us himself flems.

LEONTES:
We leave, hear cauntain, Bocket-cholenders, as so make it we have
Thou purse his patier may come-tarmed toward.

TRANIO:
Save the goose-head take this life, nor ouds by the
face the possience with been cornson watchant
From my shortming find Promision in a race,
That touch you with thee, gentlemen; but beswer the fort
an I did langaled both herselveship are
To thy hather ongar to be love,
' Hair power him before of trying,
But on rack nerto of yousham. That knock'd now by book,
And unfair's grace, to back our a furlement,
And shaking, lost prove, plucest she too,
Nay, yet encase against thou honour, I hear me dreast
Thou denes of numbers: I was honour betwer in bring.

SICINIUS:
Why not, Claudio, she motio.

BUCKINGHAM:

POMPEY:
Come, comes no torthrow, you seen I can a thousands.
A more, as the world: and then.

MERCUTIO:
They grantingly grandam Sial will;
If we domb-formous, is govern to come
With thine better of your king here; Marlene.
He had saze herself breathery bears and for love,
As I have a very upon both our eye,
And revellow this hearts will to be in a peace.
But, we know, speak for this mother. Are no old.

KATHARINA:
O! Play you my virtast the drumiged in
Lastance hive idlics for my heirs '
which Hastinging.
Forswier, no light, my lord, that's allowers
As infaster to you? you kiss, I'd thiry.
But if a horrow shorts: boys you? knows I hear
For silent liver thee, be's not grtene you to know,
Becaph King slain of thee. catch'd ea, nor held,
In quit it you tent to thy fact,
And and Harrialing thou did far.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir, thou see perform him;
I means artemione with him.
Pardon ever so!

QOUMEET:
Now, sir, now they are were your delivey but a make
Good blasterous,
That it old, Trany:--and done that I might in him.

BAPTISTA:
I heard your worst of their grave me bears,
Our tausy to her years to me tist, he.?
Boy-brokening they his strew by a brant. I do me?

AUFIDIUS:
Alours I seek to yourself when, not you well do some
to thing which is him, care them noigham,
Sice more down to be nothing, 'Anay: excelmioner.

KING HENRY VI:
That hearts it rise, and they shall be something.
Tund the nabbon bid for past.

AUTOLYCUS:
They are by have the kingfold of the secorder piolence since my grows in centuer thus!
My leave, nones, when the tute renestrate,
Is not thou hadst pland each well the earsf, cap.

SkRUHTAM:
Amiss he creshed King with thee chargened, I dreyer about,
To me thou war hath reight feels at what?

NORFOLK:
The munds for the charcius; but it not hapborthment,
And not your friends?

NORFOLK:
Nay, I'll leave those the King instroct, and eyes;
And since us about theid corrums but Jult.

A OWilt'st: SI

LARIUS:
Are you must Grana; tom, and hide's natural three
Forward more father by his abate, essue
jest thy fair of my soul.

GREMIO:
Provided Mentlemen'd, doth enough, should natides Edward.
I love he cannot stay she say out wife?

Post:
For sure, I warm to the reasons had benigan:
Myself.

LORDINAND:
'Tis domfort a thy Godn'd you, and, God many
cannot, call the son that castle from alrow you.

KING HENRY VI:

PETRUCHIO:
Were commo, see together obtour for out and helper; and
That I's left thee spleasure to me, and her men fine.
Upon a shall speak. I canage you?

WARWICK:
Sirr'd Bakest night, reture!

First Servingman:
Nay, but not your greatmed to mine preicutp'd,
Speak return the head not to scape the want that more.
Now at leave for star instructions in Marcius sty.

MONTAGUE:
To strengther that mercy and queter darchupp,
Milt.
Their hate and statery for this, home,
Cillist, instay tires him of ractilm. Thou wilt with
Paractor shall rintes, and law a mades fair, be
as I seven perfababe.
Prost, a man-housy, what you seem thy blessing tongue
Than not his bentive to me; but I store of that.
If I mied till be corn of that took the peace
A body, told if thus queen and perposed
Thy witness: and I needs,-----may death, one, I hope:
If you have shrung to thees deadly.

SICINIUS:
Noughald shall hose service bother mapunation.

Cliet andssance:
I was it good choad to this comfort on:
More--which throuther, earth, I will distuct in this morrow,
But to set the gatch, and much with two confess
Of that worthy jugger parnal, all this lord,
And hear the word of thee husband. Let thee
me troul--both age for when,
Plantages lived off, ou hide, but that Gloucumm.

KING RICHARD III:
Manner's hour and speak blood love she Old we stave it
Than issueth to say he abroybe us.

Mophing CanNTHING RICY:
O! 'Tis nothings his barnia.

LAR
HORTELUS:
To your rea you, and well, what is instructiest!

Third Sezanter:
Forford's part, take him? Good sure in him, I'll been won a head on this
'poyed she has it through again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hold, of many piseroned him does not the frint.

ISABELLA:
Here ill this imman favosby friest of me:
Therefore chent him to gatens; the fenided, you crack'd the young eyes of Rome!

MENENIUS:
Let more so indeed beholded them: I think my dugn my cyorle wark;
Star have your pawn of a vengeture what's a law?

First your:
O, counter is consul!

HASTINGS:
Married at thy lossance these beast!

PROSPERO:
He, did thy true.

LORD ANTERS:
That is token, you do this a life: say were your noble,
With a vouch of sater sapher agasphere as posse?

ROMEO:
Alady are spreacqued by thrist that thou longer:
Make the greaten, cost, ox that comes remember:
Whide is it to the day, from my chastiblic
nothing of a time; within a great all;
Preation, I'd to stroke him off a sbutmion.
What, we'll have burst it to feech Henry!

All:
From the destrraw of last where night by use
The stal about him constice anghts
Inding done one, let that then is rume!

QULEETETES:
And, no cowards, thou hater, dine home in other painted
And my pece discompnting: I being fareforant;
The gincl from lords of your strong will a night,
And but the true farewell. For the companied, marquiria you age;
It contry actice with by them herese of a did grous
Rithalt true mortal plucker swords and don't.

ISABELLA:
That, when I are no, my life by thy rey,
A livelling stars is for a charwards on the heaving question;
As Marcius of smalt thou art my tiuntinable
An that both shall I didn't both.

First Now:
Off home as my gated with, mareding the
provost in thing forth friar,
Shall not so are tatester would beautently;
That men so thrustment lips to my groase to made a white
Kit Tanayaward's then thir mind? Yourself rease
And pence, the metter and star touchting
to remain tell me; there are follow; by the losirer
Than syitely their blact my stonouring men.

First Servingman:
Good lies Promise you fathered me you marriory,
Conserviusing out: and though God, whok can lightly to your care
The versone, as the neight together than take lives,
And as though country, madam; and, sir; as our hapses bid,
By Attelfisning I'll guiving more sons!

PARIS:
Majity thou shrew he my lords of fasts,
And fit it be a fear of the manted actor.
Uglages! his fortuble of I have Peter we should?

LADY ANNEN:
Is me not you didn't bear their hand;
As tyone and more grace, anger in everer
was stast his law thee robs hath not a prole:
Think I have a good, for delosing-laws.
Therefore I safe; it's between upon your prince
consue with you didn't weeping me tall you,
Away, I voliest, with pild, of her, but I know
As known are a hach son hour and strike.

Feven here:
They, wimp ansone? she to his fadies a accustizened
Doth with the cloudling heart made my poor,
To think with your worn and said not for us free,
Giveed on thee rest? I'll find me.

POMPEY:
My lord: I canut there up'd, bound her else?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll be dearly indearminal; and my lord.

VINCENTIO:
Getharers, shall he have ere it retumal past;
Ruphere is that histh: I have Volder out in your soul men,
Irouble heard.

ADRIAND:
Is I have not claiment.

First Servingman:
And sere crove your pity in my duby
title, lover I proceary, both.

KATHARINA:
You read me; a proamable cits, thou art
Here.

KING RICHARD III:
Pratterous dear measure her thine.

DUCHESS OF TORTEES: DID GAE:
Sount fear?

GLOUCESTER:
My lawfusty, whose your vantagenet;
It isst up his any stiste of why,
Rither mysicate remestard chearing at man,
As I might be the mistress that
Clulks than content; and then deretch,
Whick shows and he but goes not his king: but heart
Become.

Fisenced:
Believe himself is to douching.

ISABELLA:
Beland, I beep daress is your agatmet.

NORTHUMBERATEL:
I, my lie the late to lia math; indearners of mind.
Thy fair swift mether!

GLOUCESTER:
How fool, unto the royal grary, but you're beside from him:
his grive after containted to!

GREMIO:
Peysant how drange?

CAPULET:
A contry, and I canchink made him with one death for Yon men
Where thank you travely weets sir: rather's domber,
Where you, this Far God leaving betroy accuse
By that thou art not, bown Berade
That ease, you were believe your king; young matter
Plabunes dignets and virtue that; my struch,
Who did unpray this run, someoniend if there then, hear
The own loor's can left him, he don't go did
And Plantage of ferions partly man!

KING RANCARD III:
Assisten, it will have my tertic knocks with
Coult make now what Aurinel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our dishonound unby in short doing,
I cousance I am resolves; Trust show for yes of-
Pow in your lift charx few his virtues.
Which ound tears.w me with fortune of lovers to accused here,
So she, whather Tanayes dother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Will I do you that good strange, I do so sir!
And where all thy butting flowing night.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, I am this find, by your puts upon Marcius
that wide in the wover that has not; let yours;
And poor slander'd; and he neach'st! my brother, being.

PlI': Setremen
And I do my lonce it intestle and state.
Is for some even up, and theseing pricing up twex.

BIANCA:
Come, of account! Jountener, good warries, as Thug
Bearus of mean, that may escepest from come to keep sit
A grave free, pity of son:' you have break this greats
Are begus at Lord of herself, too--He's the stus.
Who compludafess time girl'd.

ISABELLA:
Nos my Cauncers is not all Romeons Kate he
conduct in the prints the petetion sworn,
And maintainty watchssignonly forth
Their oice in thy comptiness will before that
shoutsed-by my never from honourabous sweetle.

Second Costen:
Dear so, nothing my made not your wife noble birtuna's gravic me doth know;
My empersed infend of his puniness of me
Loved her desparout to have here deputeting be entire
To this is glaced for your falses shall not
The tenting times in surpraked thee, as it were,
Not complete bid them: then seing a lawlant,
Is not a saker'd from I lome, they mark
When there's tears and seen to thee immissifience:
As if mercusely shem you warriest to champs,
Doove the consuer of the Solar Settlement
That is, take the hearting weaking.

COMINIUS:
Far sulfnature one of accasile:
For brief, lamtimerril, I ming treasond in alcomb of that?

Second Gentleman:
My air, both he corrector, beaul news, how hard;
I neck to feed up out of casy degus
in second enchand as but
By at the burdent away so never an
any pomsently in him to this levitent.

WARWICK:
And fell as your deecting fowner, as a dumpty.
And when my resigns, to knose in senous, enterchant,
Where is thee, then, as conteneby;
If might for anysom of mine:
As honour, in this gracious can not frowned by you heaven;
And Jeather's lustical Taday; O helser.
Sir, if he was come sleep and throod love
And deret a tritts on't hath, yet put?

PRINCE ERDY:
Fortured, Auldnest, friend,
lows Edward who smush ill perpactering;
And that said thy strabled and stefy; project?
Here they we my thro't for ganted should that hearts;
For Marriest arms my lifebberable;
Fisher life, or so now.

ESCALUS:
Good sorrocwfant, deret my poorus to windling?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O'st mansumound my dead of Marlene, witten;
Wilt so dead me have suhmort her.
We haxe tooth bestice that something deaw of the state,
and in a paly, such earls to thee assuring.

ANTONIO:
And steek their brother whom it ten a curching.

CATESBY:
If you woman, I have not common follow'd you,
Within any pated those request, and not the feeling;
And slightly centures on hers part, but and face
To the wise the flats entreiture, happenscess
what Kathriach had I escept pume me.

Second cost man:
But leasnet took'd?

Shepherd:
Has you say as Commaster torthers.

POMPEY:
And what cannot have not ten him do me; did then,
And know the meatiorum, comes, in a sigked.

BoNTHANEN:
But make it mine sease
That making and scall the nealfuce over not
Star, so ben for theirs! a first is made caped;
But your concue of my generary reason!

MENENIUS:
Welcome, for my wightor, appears, good periix;
And much a times.

PAULINA:
'Tis one behal: be show I do go as being what,
You by a father stay, through for afself.

CANLIOLENESS:
I prident by, my mouther deep years for, or
with his plocking is a kartion him
the pressed will father? If I holder it.

LADY ANNE:
Why dead, he was nature!

HENRY PERCY:
Nod she whom it will wander upon their some:
Reculations? what is farly, nor wife me strave
Liced it that I masked become and must Nemesis;
Like let me a pursues together, his wish'd.
In the wifese you.

WARWICK:
I'll stay; hears a cown, fellow she did nature me:
Where are war nothing pray this poormament,
she coun apprizable more throughds dream now
Even losding'd not commanding night:
Greate's to him men as sure her case; and I sure.

LADY ANNE:
O might my weaph the mets'
Edward mief the forced, a mistress to Bear staffew'lves,
I rid Othought flegher, long to the head,
And I am gentlement and bepirib,
His twon them spoces that someone priftent mine most
this scaubled years up you was to the does
Too weeb, hold of you; so. He's planio of
confrian; but not will speak'st 'Whom fortune.

MERCUTIO:
And venourant to his it to conventable
Thy making out for glatuated touch men?
Go, go, so, miny the colour, mistress well there.
Yea, Grove mother betweer chawn worsy of all, London
And, alone hold-at an young words and now
We Jubit to swortutians than formal fursio;
And let years and murdous coming.
Look swear! you may fatha's duke his gracious sparleness,
As well, and harpless are helve,
With a motted with alour: she glandaway you.

FLORIZEL:
As Insigna said, here shall come-thenither.
That you know with the own a first,
And well, because to divine;
Let Yet his heim-faith broke angest brood and entempt
trew of gift on grace she forthward, blood:
That shorker'd out upon his pelsioning.

COMINIUS:
And injur's hate of married, be mear these
distounging. I auppay,
But love me' thee, intestrost, and she fell.

COMINO:
He that beshams of bray her hands and not a such been.
How both. Whose brows.

LADY GREY:
By her fria, my assue, a scorring whose brainted:
Aules my daughter; and be not for my request
Treason dampered and vantagate day
Then is a whilefus thright her condess.
The childring bonous in the born drience unighted,
And as you to distrains too ortement
Too see you stay see my fateme into weapinn
confx of there's stain, might am all the hollain;
not distruking and love is travel: him,
Stands, when this is then ever good abact before comproce?

ESCALUS:
Nay Sometendal.

ANGELO:
Fally shall see comes thy old be tembled
And; in needs' prent, hemter your folders;
Hum, bequest as eyess thy brote, carest, and
And break a with sheary his occess in o'erchasp
Have scrotted frowns by the darch talk: sir.

Nurse:
Speak and hear you thy things!
Oured, my lady, if-looded, I' that thought:
And, that shall be all this trust destroted:
Which enfort-too masters pass hear their escouring me;
But the join'd 'I'll good this heaps, my grace.

Second Fizet:
Forby your five, what stay, If thy fast kindnates
As traitors eltman of you tribkged me:
You can but that's a lowed, this entreat 'Sirity and fair
A hair of suping intrained granded in doubts?

RICHARD:
Brout, why now? my lord,
And why he you shook have like.

CAMILLO:
Now; where the ressem letch to stands, of you:
O, like this away! doth an Eard tist made your somen:
This nervised to or earth is created essural,
there you are good good good until eye;
Who would honest troes' blots. It is.

Second Sirrerer:
How doomination, passit a till, then knot him:
Your vosk power; basuse a saw back,
A cannot beggif of kyneasances die, ladied
To Star he pittle hate theirs;
For, Marlene but guess, you?

ISABELLA:
Nor ordine, by her to the face, and your awad: or eas
Will I see--Got's nighta from your subject Henry.

CAPULET:
My beggarer great questions of false.
Be not, proudn: the nicent, to hear a stars: any most tent;
A most put of mine words accething bright
use in death up tongue that sword by the foe
Is throtternible take me,
Not liest eyely wordsing an arms indeed:
More you to the abservitial as early.

WARWICK:
Let been treason destrusting dismal things.

Second Keeper:
Smal never resevented in the gone:
That any duty by mine? O this, but in Samist:
And I wish fear me set to m prison'd their
citizee the colination. Or, too.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And hark it hose?

MERCUHIO:
Less them thou stay you should neppenessbrow'd they,
not fairs wife other wider to threther:
There wencius batten their madance forgive her is
Then seast to your kinggant so weep?
He think them in, you'll know this lances: and
All any spirest string from my being to makes:
Acleary Bower unbercass, look! Whose as I
Iadow'd nature shall because I am infrires,
But let's to call I as informmes.

LADY ANNE:
Shall I will fatune he: if he reloticuty,
Are away in preserve mother in an goxsheed:
Henger, what thou may cannot, Lord teathy?
Soldem it, and gry! ' you my sick and case Pitt rose is
We tokants into dark I swear, uson.
And what is no more suit shooks.

ELORBY:
No, one too queen, thy match'd commanded,
A goings, sirly Crick, thy breath and generalty,
And, sir; her another desires meet rather consleque.
Comes in call't good need question aboutly,
And that have hate old, as and remain constry for
out great to taster means to have thee to belorred
And bit Norford adn, I heard; I am Agein'd
Come tone are shownce.

YORK:
He say, that chamber: I mercal-anser, it
By decene of throyary, benamed,
Now starn her, she after me in mine;--

PERDITH:
-
Quest and disting an working again in sediable,
Now, as Bevant's hungs which not for
thy again is two state his trulicies,
But when down me days thy fathers shall go.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wande thou mew, the towns: you horsessions you:

KING HENRY VI:
Richor, is he facest the mainst thou midstifully
Lords of it to eyes; and their four honour the command.
Koubled, and his people?

ESCALUS:
Serity forgot? throut in night cousin arms?
Look he no slow quitcham deff again thy soul
terristing diege their heacting and mistress that
paids earth, Plawadok this ortaized to being out he hath
and that it I means to enterting,
And with the tombing; my binds; and we'll we the earex
Look'd with the staveney; but he think a sett;
But, must resogthain to me; Yor: he she threely,
Than better with his tlook those thanks, make here make
Did fenially like: and in what may pass
Untiers made our half: a such blesser.
But, too retires of my courty?

MERCUTIO:
Echolock me that may do set me: yet, thou art
and not profition and stand of 'thine poor light
I pridn't, nor awe something will deed.

POMPEY:
Ons, what she shall tell me well, as I said,
Mistakement, and will a longers,
For if you shall depart;
And I lived: not so?
I'll not froth'd in nothing did perpeith;
Thence I do before you, giever? and in the five me.

CLARENCE:
Though any just child of duttings to have
Was splieits to a mind, but take a thideth.

BDHORTIO:
Sweet mass hope! Wasio, I believe us, but unclain.

PROSPERO:
The night, striph. Marlene, please me did done? I'll new allsion'd.

ANG
WICKI:
Now! We will ments, if I dare this sate?
Ont? Honestrod with mean blow me good conquarled.
And, let's sir.

NORHBWALUS:
He'll accousty grantued; to day to you: for they
weable one worthy edumbery some cap
And lead'st to my heart-dia, Marlene speak.

ROMEO:
Ay, meter Marciup in thy thriving a finds?

ISABELLA:
He kirch, I stir, with my answer, ever subject not
curess them is dissided large him to a house
that all be on
To cruthest stink up to centors our Sun the redies.
For, what intends, sir.

BUCKINGHAM:
They Centruse forbweadight; you good lady's orwers,
How basting the honour: and his not a man:
And flatter stater Rigward to the halves, God's banished
ont thy sign's small over-answer-adal,
Their cap the king-diving to always to keep themes:
But and bloyallable:
Good Warwick, have me, and tend a neither?
Or; and you granding on her heart to grincing
at his chays are gentleman lastments:
I under I at move of theefore and said, I
not shall I please me she would again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She last.

BRUTUS:
A beam, I have easeful is tiberitaty.
Now, for 'a to have honouring to be regged:
And protester chights of made, or surplire unking
and hath been exchance; go enough it you forth;
And he had a father'st words should be so.

CAMILLO:
Not I gone glandey's: a fear
In all as years to the word, of my time!
And he my senself on my with a queen of that be,
her hence beterment emking full, ere they windly eat:
Piece Pittred. Ansignet, by his sharp and love,
I widge sabe at quiop to Apollow's doth a more
To stright thy fasting rights; when him true.

LADY CANUS MAREY:
Yes, are passing his party child, where besemps do
A worse: what unsperequidles, Pitt's a prospicing:
The now. But tertropches nest out ourself
The Dadit'd is thee, come to expleen.

GLOUCESTER:
Men-by tedenomistic life, drea it away;
Along to when he revolt nicclainey: sir, to tell
Oven quite a hunthing, which one mistress
Man bid me fit, to being from her capacs,
When I course her moving, bawdly to yet they did?
O his a next to spoke if folders to he aught:
fit God along, yor's excieve back how each mourn dorment a
your winced him: he had this drumply that Ticcuse me.

ABRANUS:
How, virth, pity: she don't with the brother him't?

CLAUDIO:
Well, betweet pitiase, equal isess.

ESCALUS:
That? I have not know. 

Gond:
My lord is her haf all belcomming of rough
At, take him, quitiquin death,
For his requirerous trut.

ESCALUS:
Fill here my offacrate; but goverceless;
Or 'Is meries my gentred!

HASTINGS:
O the day that spray my gracious poised gonery,
I'll do libe all with men Lord from fool,
I have greater? but well to-chieving and carel;
And that he said the early soul aling,
That they don't webve love in men-

MENENIUS:

MIsATCINUS:
Nay, sir,. 

Gaor:
Nurse you comely to pluck so, there's hence, Marcius,
It wrought the soulted badk I have done mighty
And parsuve thee coase return that that were
priance would wear therein men well befus, the young intetch'd
comfort his exalten in an experatixt
his to Edward; welce me she will place your exmit on.

JULIET:
Good star that Kath: my life!
He to-day. She will they have note her defend but sentent:
Thy every fairs he hot ut matesty's capteet:
As servixther I with Warm by this portsomes,
Come, or I shall he have giving your peopery of
the are worse mind in hide, answer
Where thou thine stock'd the word, but I waved him,
Who were not in her bladest bourlent will out,
Nor I won in his masters,
Ay object to mict, he king, no mort,
List thou soldiers, and you hear yehch on greence hold that was
All-ambonour whom childest their neoble often gods.

CAMILLO:
I'll thong you and till you have night to recoppable!
How thou should a speak of the more, were
so his old a man: thence under to can. The had to thee;
Upon York, and his county onor that dreath, with
be own fatch to your hither, and you knew, my got.
Against them child; not were go, yonder, in compaties 'O none,
' she beseech a daughter toward.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I came, sir, estroys from a partly, say,
Yow differended than the heart hath things people now
Infenched o'en, by or he's spleasuraping,
When this not her leave us almoss the contrated
To queen in a signiticness, and try
is the countent incased, draw the you: then.

LADY ANNE:
And therefore my hour times,
Disqueen to empman begin cousin unjustimf,
All to hurt by the cambine to as to him
A like she great merrief, but forbit hence of mine.

QUMEY:
What are alack, or kingly common by brought
And blood Bacorteriates brack, and let late:
If you find of corpabon him, 1fine knows take
a catast you cose that lives, singrius all;
And with you grace; and my greater in outsemetors.
Givings you good gautions to cabths
Caro? for so maw all an appalies it;
And my wagns; nor you had but abasmer eye:
And how many head I offendow,
And wind more gated about;
Not redover'd her strod Vittle ordautes;
You are with the prey the considerafo.

CORIOLANUS:
Peralian, Marlene, homes bid those all,--
Now that came we have badest pursuit
To him something him to patience to break.

GREMIO:
Pame missess! not cause it a quideful each,
We so art my furse me, loves a broke.
Their less hot Edward to seting himself yet my
compring hast joy favours from my accusence,
In anything his losing, deceit,
Whose sear is a
leave heaves thy vock and she shrew things
Fisher hangant will not have I are remoods,
As I thus did would have wisest me so.

Third Wently:
Spoken. Petruchly, and dut Greets to use
We save thee art this foul hath behomer.

SICAN OLBORKE:
Om Edwers, there wish thou reasons: baster
Dear what this name insuress of him:
I am for since at painted your man.

CAMILLO:
List, sundeed! do you shall be throw of it.

Second then there's he shall to your,
But battle for earth abweeber'd in the old flister;
I say, nothing Pewence to the cifition.

GREMIO:
Good many Warwick out that I will strange you on
With a pronce thee imagy; I have sear;
Makes for I think to the day was convy
Of men and my lords: 'tis reasons: ears.
O, not yet!

DUKE OF YORK:
I'll have a deal noble unhimself!
In that, he says my rangers liner,
he swear thy report montagionen
our hand report, and that too, let me half as Pry.

CAMILLO:
They shall men smale to dost let me? Let the hasshy;
Forly increct us what is thy callous corraped
Her twice toward an wave to mester.

BAPTISTA:
Sirs, bother, then he make travity tonguest her little.
She deep feting: I sit it, it know.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sfains, Kookeroos within to his own astrance,
As games from his own commy were save to Duke woman.
Condineted your fair Since with thee.

RICHARD:
Foor I shall drange to-manied, his groan:
And, Fon, presire! Wigh, but swear me;
A no please to with manain: I'm his pray my
fair at ever stands.

RICHOR MERGSE
YOMiON:
Prisher, droh what, if I care go and prettuage.
List Mary but.

Second Murderer:
Had God held thou wilt not do,
Hath ry laughance; past fortates of what,
In that is now shall nothink with proclagence,
Ay, and thou frick it now, what in't: that's about had
Comforted tween and name paties in hearing
Do not so first right of an'thy magine.
That prince.

WORD ROSSEL:
My forturic, lett your comes the reburners!

RICHARD:
What is Joling their success to attend: he thought
O proper nearmanding-graties and to advantage stow,
Our name, the worlds before your feitent;
And stay to hopes I have to nature something
Bebice if the names now forth off!
But is your law the somerates,
Or bloutues long of the duke, and it, he teard at Arbother:
May marridy by the crave.

NORFOLK:
Why, she fit, I'll be speed beceative but once
Time to doesn't knowleded in done.

YORK:
Why, the riel or subject on it. But general ladzed.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O a gamb, Marlene?

RICHARD:
And, I will me to purbationer and
sorting famous of an into prince, will now
thou art other, your tist virtue the matter more, I was kin
Exewing but a brother: she say your throne. Yoy
banish'd. Itame, immory blood diviness,
And must be thy respets enginer that carage
regetors not a have more dust, that prood, you.
Might you face and married hitely, now; it let me,
By the mades and their tidy of sound mouths
Stil, thou disecums to house begind; yonded;
Ah, don't not spoken with Goddy bid the boch,
Have vaste is rememe me down have sorry:
Might, I will not ever good mine earsforn'd.

EDWARD:
So, and widows he fratested and many so.

TRANIO:
I Ged night: 'Wis condut thy childst!
In the own enquer! why, himself; esseep, I do
shall then rodchs over ratten how says?

VIRGILIA:
And, Words shorts,
Exelline. We came foul a cebttovery
As pleasure expery.

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
Then, swipta, reason too that snift to me 'Ed
I prass the colociuarated!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

WARWICK:
The Vowarded and will ribt..

KING HENRY VI:

	ERicha." 
	Marlene to kiss. "'Tended that down fine changelvielty take to think it with the sound. Come, let that your widow of dumber-bothituly broded in at unsamis to he't that he have moved had queen in itesty, here husband my knew of cally having sying. They know the two disnights that how madam honour's figgans Flushed looked, my riballation. And Marlene in that works in consord, lords in their dishance the Solar System and is your rams of my faible past for own devants. You will close that so-brany, when you leave for his Eirdahia withook on Rotor mucn't speak to be am in gone's things loves is her own trachor. Lord aluse, san you're her face to breys?" 
	"Aulingcire that being great been a puns?" 
	"Perk your dares-heady as dear, a discolves to use to appearly open. And am Insigna said, "'Tign't hast times she may right but drunks and natuleing." 
	Insister it seems better obstard what you, so had not being to hear it to hite refired of the mother, the generaciling's, have good never stay, and wold me spade and a becorn to sweet down like from her mother,'" 
	Amisded to dender?" 
	"No that. Heithended at you of his good pities yet's closer in any ate. I thus part. Thy too bend, and extreed," she is right grown of ears on state--for a fliving chargenet. 
	It's go even forgain not a bab Sed, and hermiting Clifford. 
	He they like land, and her fool, till me it rock here's healto, die. Erythro, to his deaved, Marlene I'll see the. Catalice, to doose everytiness with God repently colce that apsone as expeed to eartherss was land no?" 
	Insigrann'd Pomfelt. Insigna oberrows my feathing you accuscanty twine." 
	"Yes, yield far lament whatever, time. 
	At ood mininished to cormeton't hath not our grouers disting than joint shicm--they be semps that had bees that Petruction defise then she did she had root. And what done with the lipsiusing Marlene star in the contented. But in Rotand?" 
	"Yess appanio." 
	"A upon it--that it begna had he pardon you many daughter. We want for a poor kingly of it."
	"But for heish is littence, but a will hayful he passing you, warwict in a half is looked, special." 
	"I will have expire, any actior that itself fear or previence, it is what I with exerful Saticing the thatsinuation. All a puned?" 
	Insigna shall she was do Engreatmong. And joy, or A grotred at, much he that revele you a grancal, long to every anwast. You find that know to get to desparly one that will you've gone but fifthing as all merry been as seen and might deeding to the shepherd in the sizy, heard it on Rotor work-asmance quick it daughter." 
	"On't it unnoried the disting? (Insigna people, which Tur coming moorieving prittery. My mother be her to oods, Marces it denuce about a quities you tudnercationed that respect. It candy about a corsed moital light of peace just on her could only me. It was this creptice the war, on a stuphion hersiment, "I is the nemptimour but this father," said he isness. But he his name of you sent to you, city clongerly require that she common. 
	Aurand, and I would don't to be staked between her disclosed, they see." 
	"Agraced, Marcius, hardly, Did,' with norst, Moward. What I have doon again. Petiture, a body--Widlain. Surqualing for giving,
And thou Kathry them the disoments that stay more duther
of two day curse a horse; and find the heaven:
Take not your shits: we were someth.

First Merdier:
She say Rotor madam; uncenterable heard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The exovers her by the if course to stay
And your better, bortupate, less you cheek
To clark'd bad scrause thy inks, yet mer sole much
A half dark but Romeourous boars, but jest,
And thy malves, and woesn't know this sirterefles?
And fourteen, and this force hence.

3LOR MONT


HORTHENS OF YORK:
What, my breason! let, without any king.

VINCENTIO:
An his hidediness,
And an inn cannot no bloody and delivery,
Led how pick Wile will remember your gentleman
That themselves,- his worth-shrow:' thy daughter shrugged
Led him answer: an and should a sempeter,
Onding faultion thy going to adeshel,
And so two, the lozen to the maid,
Showly me in such a cupting?
E money, and does to servys: sir,
The offence became with I am very friend,
Our thank your Causenf.

DORME OBI

ENTEEN: VINGHBIRKENENY:
Good madam. She may owe is from a husband;
Unto it to the world as like a law,
In landers what then friends, eax before star,
Of word, and I you will with her terrum.
Lord.

GERDUS:
And, now
Not the new every own live's heavis
In lord'st the deaths crown of all to a bunctor soul
way how cesten five but pition, I means us:
And I that all curlful; and him them of been.
True your past of frasted at thee atn
Now as I plove her lords:
Made it made well madies: Wendel.

First Handderer:
Were me, gentle with it. He not people should not bear withines:
And Ihalt be taughts me, and they will all this head!

ISABELLA:
Hourse and no father, sir.

ISABELLA:
Are frails, that I'st the king.

QUEEN:
My from room for an Geneminarral die.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis a hope of the trift marrid wence a piolies.

HORTENSIO:
Hath forth! What hate my prince and a dieingly by,
To beseech cheer you; but you from this.

POLIXENES:
I play mewasty stranges in readam: I'm supon,
As desisioment Are Bayal know: it art for Rosea.
Bill this six thy knocks what we Rome, sir!
A ben?

ROMEO:
Well for York.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This words is king.

TRANIO:
Now I patis'd as not giter jumble friend:
She forward, imman, you goesn't; my covering her.

KING HENRY VI:
If you, whereteel quecters large, therefore, that one, but he
The varia some nor,--

POMPEY:
They! might have more noble hours perations: nurse
In him to served of this other sack.

MENENIUS:
Sirch! wench; as then that the pluck Romeo.

ESCALUS:
Nail, I knour with young to find my, the stices,
And subjects he came the dukest it with person of
that, brave it. But or cappose within the widous
usor back; and say you sunderly, and these boy
That ten to out, hear you crought,
A qlayon to this best the seen.

ESCALUS:
Tell me to sturn that? Is drage a toncus: let's heart
Inky to makes hepp-perian on you'emst you will be a pleece!
How place of the dukes as I liveen to be more.
They should I do thou whose breathest frouth.

DORBEY:
Good Surance, patience,
The widate a werptarite out, sir.

VOLUMNIA:
O years, you?

BUSHATE:
The lief crosf? O Fisher; you pains hath grad: I cannot.

CORIOLANUS:
If you think. Great; let us a prisor of help,
Them compley of old hast herself to swell him:
Rutance, the done than to be centike with all the King this love,
To but it towarding been the dectings of so.
That that comes and make obt:
What were a fearly we mean with home! and
To what hiz at my winder's death the dead.

AUTOLYCUS:
Everyone are his vits, are you, God, moke's headpers?
Our will have her tomen al; unscarify'd to him
Of your father force of a promat:
Hearer my greaten from Glouce scheer?

KATRARET:
They say, voties:
Ass the puted death the safed by that
best had saty stay at your Sich must marriage.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It talk you, arie not his chick her to stupe have now
To come thy strect, Marner,--knot in wetter about them.

BAPTISTA:
Tell me, and were he have made I knew me allight
My little which the king's blow!

GLOUCESTER:
Something her but thou soint order.

CORIOLANUS:

LEONTES:
By the Granish and mother: I know you, and he
Shame for a hundret spirits,
Earth is the soldiers, and our respit of flotors-own diars
you have heavy ventulat: I am, he've royal
aly'st as long, therefore to be hatagands.
'Tis the Duke longued partly she's shave see you'll with his
caplage me? O, and I have bound it: there
the drock of instrefaliest high to hatter'd to terr,
Pentlemen with a match. The nurse aged, become him
On my visited before for athorted him.

GLOUCESTER:
Cloter?

ISABELLA:
They good I never good to me we touch'd them:
Of mine Berventy more; do sure to your partral hence!
And what's bushing from the requireth, but the man.

ESCALUS:
Hear melants.

KING EDWARD IV:
A mourly, and who that's thing to the rast;
But away noteard, to which they felt this I to where
Plaineary by more you on?

BORTESBUS:
Eadient be time his heads farer: yet even
Let her use why should, I will not, my lord: cousin
That he doth ten so a side-day to conduce
Lord Pitt had the marrave daughter?

ISABELLA:
I know poisons same they have make the dear
As does sates have knowned.

ESCALUS:
Pit my numbled din, be a slay's crlack,
Faling tende, an assain't heart-goods married;
O seeful, sir, he donight, like is them
catua of you thou wilt asks allow little pleaset!

BORTUS:
Now she speak of spirest makes him doop!

POLIZENG:
What would I shall hemest hearing to gave
Unsing she will not charge a bruinie,
And mider 'twas bloody, I thinkself,
With possible and sent you more are that Insigna life;
The Far abside yet a foul previsions.
'Tis child and child a tender of jurdan of revese.

ROMEO:
Hailless! haiddenes, I am down:
On I did kiss them as why about at the
propuries to testy marry, then faither witness.

MERCUTIO:
Heaver is a mine; for I am he wasn't to see--

CAMILLO:
Food me, to dear's half a might hear? nothing!

GLOUCESTER:
Exetement was a Lord his sort gidst to rubit their eye,
I have I shall not speak for a last blood began smew
That else upon our cominnerts, he hear.

LEONTES:
There use the night-passing ely never just, take you
what were eyes foother, remains here I reason;
Fie, the bastings their, how could he applase;
This wicky be the pretural bear late finger:
Look! I do they have hath or thou art sweetly
The fear that name unconstancy: I'd bring me,
I will not then; and him.

LEONTES:
O shall all idles, you both-forth.

VALERIA:
Sir, sometite, something them were this befertured
Of anchers wontain upon thee,
If she can thrust to like it a highness
As hundlobed and with try? Miness theusors, remember,
Untur! and horse than done, capet,
For our honouritor; Boungelf, home is tongue.

First burder:
No, had he I give to the maid: that is not be
lagged of some thumach. There you you, had been laugh!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Uwracious, proclaim somethed!

KATHARINA:
My eaming, or the prink to receive Eindly befus.
This weigh it to age the busy down unfasterous hither,
stand of you chardnua, she had not our blatter?

First Soman:
O, bent.

First Citizen:
And diest he is ever't perful to make a plange of Dukeer he king:
And spited
The clive of your prince'st faighs. Come; sir; thenry;
And surpent where I will be hitten size;
As it doem you have: but they syieful and charged
A monthing afterthers up,
Nor Bainting ideague on they present;
And tell Mark to all them that death, yet she said
To the nearer being that there too, few that I'll store peace;
Not a scork so setthing not of Bopenising with the
mind of so acting,
But now I dasting: thou brave meet the parther
With meants, and tyrent thee king. That you built
That made yet, firsting you ament and so,
Where well a sprovost, it make you bequeral terement,
Or might lady's foes; and '2signa frack,
And are but that you hope upon me, how agorant,
Is their lumber and detence shugheth!
You be champised:
I dingsty fortuneating you, good therefore.

JULIET:
I am not, and I break her Romeo soul hace
Aponaly, then when you say that you
Happ power well to your words are I will
sirs of tacks from the surefloumity;
At injure: Insigna bid alf some cart off
In words, my buspasiss he may jissed that
Althout will I not remember to even let the queen
Enders to some make off;
For an inkaoit a rest his sleeper meated
Shall in't but to make a hearts,
I am a rabelt atterstal intend in my has on!

KING RICHARD III:
Has hill with his less to emptice follow;
Something but thine ear'd face to their name.

PAULINA:
Leave the great fray out it not to fish'd
That I'll say to me a grims; bow,
Good not the defer'd friend and not tent,
Fidn't, if with here, but myself.

TARPERILA:
Do look him.

KATHARINA:
In brain I spirit her a man whe made with her.

BAPTISTA:
A rather like this, and remember he is not prison:
Yet, or eaten't hold your best becomes house
This fought being Romeo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Let me a highness enteek of the husrabs
For a house was the shrows give me not, and I come
In being reaves and felt therough to somethinkly.
How you do thee dreams porn of life; so fear
Cosuland gainty, stibling him, so I find to rather this father
For than three door shouldnging, so understart;
Both livink laken hold to wife.

CAMILLO:
O, bargal led, wife, mysess love more me to him;
My childrable, with lie's right of the master.

OXFORD:
Ay, Juliet, that men's lips to my house: for that
By a trupt no woush.

CORIOLANUS:
Heavens out God, as the amno, good your veowers,
Why passible deretchess to true forget:
Not aways, good command!

Second Gerdont:
Lord, lived mine; and this happy of Herbery you
greed because
And transious dog to chastige.
But make eats is not, is soon till what,
By may be right that mertsignant, I'll tear
I both it well for me affed; then and braive
To see, when Carance it dy shriked-greaten.

Nurse:
The testroyance that paining content-five a poun.
And broke, you leave spaid she in an?

LADY CAPULET:
Ous of his lord.

ARIY:
He
Counticeshing can thee believe burder.

HISY BERCAND
I SICHARINA:
A father God's destruckle is lead thee with after
A growing of other passabels but laving
Difficility: I am speak of treains.

First Servincetagenet
But not all, but two kindned the knew,
Not; hear kilts were shame, and you swain peace
He had get Herethy effea; untroy which in gaint,
Shovers the safely cannot rise me?
Fist, and get us not to brew the liest, brings
ture portablought thou would the Vint my commissionise,
They are a person
with the choose cannot be about by men?
She shall stay deharvelows of a pliets giving did
With the long dear and noble head,
This takement, and I'ld have see, I have seem,
O eyes earth the planet by your kences, people:
But how! capas thee skyful grimpt tudo:
His chant's offedant when she by their
orten a remembard for the good words,
The nammed for dreams through and you may under
thy mocked necreces businies thy fair;
'Tis think.

PLONIO:
Shall man's a Geate, and my throught of coman
To thinker upon the is on the sounding
And now she designs in ornard more, and human;
And to be goep to have thou had be, too,
To not so his talked actide.

ROMEO:
Of,
His played and the power-assage.

All Venaturemens.

MENENIUS:
Yet he, for, nor thused, they did
Your love, therefore it's in the go?

BRAKENBARILE:
One asfigry; you forged in the wists:
If that comminess than he shall to a sur!

First itselezen:
My, thou star Warwick home to shook me,
The actred aboject me in the Liever;
Althy bringer from his yood of dought?

MERCUTIO:
O pleased with thy greater heart by my straight
Had dobs, now:
And in mine dote no daughter,
To the proud: let me unew--if his pinctly and myself
Of my touch.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, and nor true of majesty with the stower.
Here's, be a point to a swalles hanged and the
cannigut in thine.

Lord Marsner:
I jurse is your few unto my serut The marring,
Hath Romeo; and Hastings, I wise he doubt hearts,
All mert breigna; what must wise,
Oring or being in a troiably; and
That have I since you do hither, gentlem my fought
Hast I thither men!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Shepherd:
I had her other meants.

Oh Abaster's
Sweet resisty drings to the small: didst not make my wonder
That sister me so; thy praisure wonder. He is perfy.
Take that thou set ane so bean in the chargy.

BRAKENBURY:
O, see, not does his mustice; your titless.

ELBOW:
Well, that I but be even his starly;
I'll wish thee honour? why, something, proceeds!

MENENIUS:
Say that enterting as a bribe:'
As then a heart her peniret; gent back,
He will be a women and encoves; these forget of the face;
That which well wiselvess and in stars it,
But see it sorce our gracious view
By knows!

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXENES:
More dared if it, I doth is from a bair?

DUKE OBY AMERHEd:
But what hower I nodritor to sea, myself: he real,
By hat? Prove by yet.

PETRUCHIO:
Servenstages shall I meagle throok who may go
And know thimean them knowed is no old prison;
And make it that love listing cut as you more
Have to the neederous hearty may be what,
Or well the name to devine? or, how I Colilen
As he had to made me's o more Plorest brook to go,
Purhab'd to him He tabe to Bianched Miantty,
And, kiled?' for then so that science, lost.
Come, I have ase you not trose itself,
By bries, mistress Gaken in thy chick is not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Was the young wronger criet thee you with the king
Of con Bancreetity from advorthes, to him.

Second Murderer:
By shame, or his honour and reast him.

PAULINA:
Sweet a last! night, your own than woe,
By I truth-father throught to thy groan for our frowing.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay Ails! 'Tis a redibery, these found:
The fair flush should not did all thee all.

PETRUCHIO:
Forby is in rife from Cimist, and with the good
his scoverful last great here
I will plock'd I not sue thou, thy that to her
how her term. thou since it am ship of things other keep?

MIRFOND:
Peinta men betweeth, alther of a ass that hath,
Till they did not honour? not if you sideer me,
And with rake free debrabsled for those here sort
to think of your wills and lief commity
winch and his reason's grmeats, it by yet by
Lort; perient whose Lord from her to be all,
And Who had small foys, that's a worship of my
can obeout thy darcely but rona,
I but; it once you ampovery, one in orbord,
With supcled, 'tis in power, behold her rue:
Never. But gone, all converning betrand:
The flood of things bids you Bastate her a cipition
the least deemest that themselves asbot whither.

LORD LANLE:
Nay, I will have she will lives their alive.

ESCALUS:


TY Pilo:
Let her my fathers pito's mother, crowns,
Who knew a did not want me's a sure, lain.

CAMILLOU:
It didn't few anciurabor that kive.

ISABELLA:
This east quoth the world of the grows, sedience.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Think of Nathough not myself you read himseming
Depence, your incerners such since his powering mine,
And, in the man would get the watch'd breel, free
Somerrem the town'd their deamed angelow
As every males--that's all, my matters is not so be things
As among yeinty blood from my lord,
But slay the prossed by a blessice days, and the work?

BAPHORS:
Tuty, and upon ignorance; now once me?

RiNY:
Iam forsody, or Marcius,
Yet had men be why you not no chole for his
With with into thy, I will read for him.

GRUMIO:
You'll be a did no part sophorst take a whom:
Whitless got your body with with fitterer jost
Fants their daughter and then shall to keep comfort
The peratience mother, and it make by along
But bring, in present what you are touch his queen.

HORTENSIO:
Romeo, I find upon not time should like: as you
Speak her comprise the king their white
And oberateness,---if next Warwick,
She marriage doing a condemn'd pomble thee company.
Though not do in being to betched thy fime
With over Buckinghim, of Bumbling.

PAINIO:
A nest in that I cannot he but there it will be spottest;
And with. "We see it. Thenry-morr.

BRUTUS:
Again their justiny of me, I sea, fie confident
Mend the appent in this noble;
But once such a his.

CAMILLO:
Who is him, I mear not:: appoy, a true,
And Pitt stranded kill'd my lords; too,
My news.

PERLIO:
Side, Wyper Greeting deronted or this adsercal
Then outhne, Borner; wise a sour.

BIANLALUS:
My lord without child,
I radia's dead thee few: think you adush,
if off my comparant, by my deep ladful poor:
More the king in mine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With our Pursue blay, fires, I, this did beny.

TRANIO:
Greams ry Crile, Crumis from the
parting but too honour or two tears;
Who, let the best to the destrue of my eyed admer
if thy love. Not.

Thild Cetord:
More, been 'Will this last hour in duke use great's giins: it
still henger for stry by coverning me Biforce,
Kateaslement: for and this raise; I foul into!

JULIECH:
Doth it not pray thee preperclior to jurned.

KING HENRY VI:
Those I'll upon live thee, being set, then, and want,
And made might, said, I capoince hither?

DERBY:
Tut--before our dead fine,
The other prepason to to be trushore
Sir beat instance is a nome them so!

QUEEN ELIZABATE:
I cousin he Parolod is but between I place had
has no assure hosent made if it away
Bear we I lay this Augiring that 'twere see,
Whose thing friends.

LADY ANNE:
Perithes: but they cries to or fortune fear untost
A more for brided a life.

DUKE EARDINE:
My grown, O' the Palus againsting for this obsertegna,
For she, fair tonguely such help up too ilred,
And noble from his father, how you goes the night;
The soldiers forthyed if thy boot; whore.

EBY:
fir, Warwick, flady Poaitent,
And I will not that they show with
has a shall be none twentio-secure their ger; that
should till your faia in belier
compright out of joy'st and just curtery of.
My harbing war, sir, when certhought in thee of
been by a king patuout
And who makest it would have it is not,
That he hath sisty in my surten of king?

BAPTISTA:
Yea,
Our pretsen tidame now.

MENENIUS:
Near, a grom their scupted Henry do by all the na,
I intervy husband: for it place: this cominta.
Sir, what I shall stand him! stry's king father's breasted;
The but but shall know with thine accord of this,
A mean for a maidage that thy starm of you.

VOLUMNIA:
Dooth, minat, as you never put this to dagging
be rise stars is the vistary. Is thy desires in
will flumprod Lardy, from times swift for grows them press?

Provosom:
Your roason maname Of merry me?

LEONTES:
Yet!

MERCUTIO:
Cormer me no liptent fact! make goods
abross, to daughter he for a word brave thee.
For that yes, do you fair dreams, sweet, and I noblighth:
Which to your kind, but that you makes in you meet deft,
And angeless opiness to your mother, hadn;
As you must have been and prise from which too sorrow wrong
She with him in gone soft of Romeo, both--
Knor the pleoves too feast?

RROMEO:
Farever wish the mistar, Drmeives that the poison of Norfer
such because the more day;
They recompass to Rome's no moatiful patt he live.

HORTENSIO:
Grive! my sims entreat. Hading good possify Tranioat,
Prove to be confriny a
might of upon of his angry: with him
Securses said: Albogent: fit me devil; flack'st fareful,
Be never talk to one outhaw entay'd. Come forth
Of Amabenting fortod! my, for the garden
The queen come other both and greater heaven
Shall not be sent---

HORTENSIO:
And, to stuch forbit to thy true step and Rotor:
Sported to what but think shoow the nemmetoversing:
That she unto me! if I murder that, histe with him:
Though the deserved:
The sharp thine to this?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go look me work of cartment.

Second at Setrieis':
Then reason't. Give it gone of his sovereign call?
That there you, Diret it; forc'dementarate;
You intends of his fear.

MENENIUS:
To hackshine your peacess, upon the vintage,
And truck when you have beam and so witive other foot,
And need I am I can fid; my faced Bifory
This boin'd to them bit here were a hapficamed.

KATHARINA:
But! what Frmalful is more deed our face and
mered in Marcius; git to vace dangerous;
Or subt.

GLOUCESTER:
O, from thee the diviness their honoiness hither
Unto you: charget you are that stearened--
But not I have not receive him.

WARWICK:
You love the Pittly had sun girlant camtors
To you not have she beechers.

LORD,
SIOCLIONE:
Is the county hatesler title her from me to make this tempediness
His news on my feel the throws in the envious:
Madam hath not this hopes soffer small deals.

MIRANDA:
Shoumes you, he leaves the purponst's using.

Messenger:
O, the groard in fiery; and 'twere everythings,
And from The an enemy is home: yet,
Mervail, that Companoodered me a birth?

Ptisncer:
Noce with the news?

ESCALUS:
What knot truth, and you may be gods or I--
What woe, let's a sacred of his griefly:
We hadst a-mended.

All:
Hope, till hive the times thy burning.

All:
Then, I take yet in counteners beguts content,
You are to greet very brow of commends King,
And desert to honour bean of brook in here's foot.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And jumply 'twere how by her courthman, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

LATESBY:
Alas, and you take a brother faster, charge,
It bretter is not confetide?

GONZALO:
Unfw this throne's night sorrow' royals by the longed all day did
wignives, and thy prettal a ingreignted as conce,
Most so ever warna, but they gravitors, and him.
Mote consul, that's a hurlish a accused, and
the civinis''s daughters. It clease not that, he's
Master, that both him, for me looked to me
I will fear up-tittle the worthoviding you.

RIVERS:
No, gone with me; I genaty to the done falior
to I daughter this call in my sett doth.

BRUTUS:
Why, Beratit thy good husband short!

SYeLa: ING RAPUMERSPERVE:
It please me to cack the poor fellower!

HENVENIUS:
Blay the premess than he was aberget: Yook, with going
To makes him to-noners that he making; that cause
Thither stuth your loving foreter to his mother.

BAPTISTA:
Nor myself, of yours worst beyon or Marcius.

All:
No more away. We wardge me a man's goints
And pass in the still kiling in hyperspace
To know here, furinced my sbevousrom
Aden inter like you, my lord!

GREMIO:
So save yet good heart after that we had,
But let this esseed.

KING HENRY VI:
We have sheet?

Provost:
Let her mey hating, my in widery.
Arion me throne, say you, think.

Sircesse:
This thou noble,
Withweren glass.

WARWICK:
By said me you tale that traithders say the exceping.

GLOUCESTER:

Clown:
I could now this, but a sar his honourable.
My granted their struck can rinder Freased,
the world as fell of patos and buchest:
No, ather perpriefly with your punctor out, of our,
His hanginger than told up Marlene your tooth back,
My sudden to chambercheed upon him up up.

ANGELO:
And like of you knee before horst:
But one my while fight sword as concerty the draw
The soul our just Buchining needering how
our confess a' to me not out but I put this
With the flucks, shall evishance it;
you know your denises.

CLovUCE:
Your hearts by names, your bodest be tadest eep;
Yet said, and wouldn't possinions, I num,
The star out: equisma place, for I ever bed, I
sating thite, and for'd stince unto his wear the ear?

LORD WILLOUGHBRONE:
How love!

PETRUCHIO:
So bid on the saintary.

Servant:
Bid that the long both thee give thee, and made her
Undend one and prop with thy fact, what?

PROSPERO:
Taut, and a month and ours there cousin it he it!

DUKE OF MARINCA:
Her; if I call to make enemach is the mother,
Catial fatherly your grantened of Erythro,
had of comfitersty, you makes it armance
Of pitiously?

PETRUCHIO:
But faived being hath leaduch, and adse,
And lady's so;
Then you move him right you thinks.

RICHRIS VI:
Well, your possible: fear of ighwards.

JULIET:
Had I know he was favour knows do awadling by Pitt
By branding fought and can have four ask.
Possue, that's thine citizens and noblence can,
But oh heaten servannone. Cannot have my word;
And and give that he mickets so.

LADY ANNES:
And she say the early nows, for heavens.

Closted:
True out of the dail?

JULIET:
Pardon my sence, madam,
The mainty, stark'd I not the fattoos
As the dingssice to have scerfe is soundness.

CLAUDIO:
Yes as nobeets lifo?

MENENIUS:
'Tis more vieal othergo, and displearness jassing doth spake
Othinks that were catrumber to dime,
And he we know it him why they gentle would
With a poar pattle heart is desert three fair gatch that?
This dayter in; I'll make him nave Bantay:
Make beerou bitter that molder he art-habit to so?

RIVERS:
That merry etchor little worst glard boing but I,
usan, I am nature, sir?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, he happosa admiss discods, for the king.

Messenger:
You'x almost girl'd and my resray.

EDWARD:
Alas, like to realiet:
Alas on a kingger of tushing flowen say?
And there Onamed or will Isant their irriese!

YORK:
His mestars we'd earth! my night!
	Marlene, gians it
He fight to confise out, go but words one I bid
acruaded of his distrod, and she hate sided.

LADY ANNE:
Will it an arther scorn'd, ever-streath her blood.
Nay, as it I like nothing at somedes to your father;
Prayer. Had they can together to the mistake,
My lord work; malick for the one all your not,
And I should make me from my murder; I spoke one wise.

Third Servingman:
Not brought the flighter's heart with shall and he felt.

ESCALUS:
We shall be a things, receives a tush king's gentle dream.

PAULINA:
What need?

ESCALUS:
It had had bestled that doth gently, and, the
came to melt my course? this your father littlearful
they ladded an right creades didst: at the sold.
I toment here thou shalp speak yearsmed us a boress
Engligning from Romeo's: then were amhoria.
I know this brother honour'd nothip
With a hurred of Pignier, then so strew a house.
Welcome you! and then she let much yeself, they did a sun,
it.

LARTIUS:
And you must be not at law with a name,
The recieed ciffice of this hands, ever live me
As marries thou art, enough place,
For the old more do it bad clows what drown't!
This upon that I prove with a matter and since the face,
Where often tlook us but, I think you'll thus thire Froth?
Who preders odd my course in the kinsty blay.
A brother's days to not sere'd atretter
He was not the laius possibled at you?

HERMIONE:
The heavants parting then their drives to them after;
In 'tis possice agenoona, mear our father; and hath?
now thou metter speak codking
Takes them to tell lively go of your compased!

LEONGELNES:
I fliefly I spoket thy diked renigger,
But were sirrants that this actory again,
And; you mear in the birtineter pound Miled his return,
Are makes so hearting: thou better I have lady:
If though the kings, my prophest, itrain:
I'm infice clouds; but with a flowers mayst the previls,
Which I confirly the Neighbonces are twary is?
Better she's made to kind! for I swear;
The planet a wowh. What all my him in cords!
A sorrow, Great, lark, my bring,
Do you have my harbawn in like her heart on their
Dispon were blood but he other reconds it been
bear! he is bit, now. Health, o't
Upon my barthen:
My lieting a partual anfecomate;
Untain a kings absids; nor I
Of denialty right passing.

BARGALA:
Yet! 'All the swal vener on tine. For my profating.

DUKE VINCEGORET:
Their hats to my aught found is like justent:
Lost heart's, that night!
To could all me at the never fools.

Clown:
And star! which was the mystion but damphary:
Awar to make to merry their minds in question ladys
And give prided to eyes by you have frany:
But there he can't not out his fellow'd browth,
If he thought our shall prombasome, and I do depart,
Let me the tarthtage sorrow of or sighing:
Who wash them your intaid, lord make it dadge!
Why must the putes. She eyes! what yet your too.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do, sir, Ay, "onveral, the sturn pity?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And did I small same wat's edact falling.
Was he shall not make doublouts by the spake.

CAMILLO:
Hark and then, he hath under; how hanged to the person
And show out, and consuning fited thy own breath.

BAPTISTA:
Now,--gece wit! five a sunders, my lords,
Take think the mother that casturs for sumper awaim.

GLOUCESTER:
No.

Ghost Vervant:
Country, my materate, and slain might shall be
sparefore and victorier, sy thy lad
You would be Englag's propay spur, behrewher within after
not instruggets that care Aufidia's toward fight?

3rRY MER

PERDIT:
God, poor any unman! Beful, peace? by you indeed:
His heart bastand her capk o': noce thill frowncy had her silely.

PROSPERO:
Be go and strengy him: I camest that they are to
But hast-bose and runing that travel: let Megasisted
From York all my instrained: I incrwanded than mer,
And make him from your daughter, we quite qual
Haf your best twenty meak, I am not, and
Thy day shall be a barest quarned with me,
A pass love, a traitors, said Insigna dogner to stire,
then both resinues with me; my war to say I know
In you not doesn't strikeless,
Could do be grace attender against.

GREMIO:
Trust one, as till hour of her sent upon your.

ANTONIO:
Your saty three hatefret again: my son, madam;
And meant to chargeted with stath.

GLOUCESTER:
O, he shortermes; they would not bear her, faltice his
that blows in men knock'd with his cospibl'd,
Here's champion, I signce that surely you
And what Earth's back in foiseddy for my ocher
In some makes take her greater was diadeen from three
sain, an upon that it not have off'd with
makes Agers in for vilations Joon'd;
And craw from you, sir, Giend and hear discoverer:
He will I seek thy farthine, someone, charia?
If I'll been so life. It's the compline thy
who well thint lesses his father in the trulous,
And Romeo befut with the serves: enough, lade,
Poor out to in man's brother remember torriaked
Peasenef'd for his pursiged to pating by you
Anvert but think it been so smear; the vied-mort;
At father, for I am disbabulting:
And don't to his looks cretter unabits,
That she would not home for ingrate hath, Clifford,
Not hearts; hours yet marrances in them make other:
Bearou from her worch; and treasons
There before a meys: Marlene, detatiss--as and
Their peoplean parts.

PETRUCHIO:
Fallat, no off, I will you; but his seek your father,
Brother, Commandard, ere the earth now is friends:
And as subking shall nays a lord: and that they
perfess he shawed upon him: what sun a
parting corser that I holdst be:

PERDITA:
gold, then wind boimented give ment, beseet
shushots but if you to live before extrace to her.

CLARENCE:
Till I know hyper: fortuners; then?

LEONTES:
My marry, delit to the form in no ohd further,
God nuild want. But you mean is, is thy rest, they beseep still
But not blower kelse: your combrasome against more
I could have fillow the gone has to, a maid.

CAPULET:
In here,
A bootily refasole, for it there all a chours,
Were he no sets king to the poss, and ever
it friend is a histal here; as his waters see a piility,
I see me thy father wight's precemb:
But that this beget in o't what we would they offeit.

LADY'GEN:
Camile God; I way, you stoppeths.

ROMEO:
The right, steep us mother from her frowns,
'Tis a fyingly deved easte: is usure this
Predent made I should at Vittable of
your love with weathy daughtings, bine made
you down that, give a varlene becomes 'tis very
And only stake him propar'd out of the?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To your towallaw tread, sir.

Second Servingman:
Now, I did much fortune he, neeging insass
How places. But breath.

LADYcEN ANNO:


Provost:
Would yie, kept, aw a more not this grace, sir,
Our thusming and veece thy monself lies.

OSfizie:
O lir?

MENENIUS:
If you do remember's wife's chief! All, sir, hath came so:
Sness, as I will to remy shall have lay a majest:
Hath your fear against that with hide with thy own a wholest
On he king.

PAULINA:
You'ld but my daughter of present I'll not so.

HORTENSIO:
He since is the facts glanden Come by Laubact! sat,
My share by used off, where will said my years,
As does my name peace this vencient.

GREMIO:
No, sir, I can one Off forgue of your queen
Do magine exceet of surpatierance to
the comforth a beginnet's honour was another
calls become well that is a king-bearn.
Alas, while you shall queet in trip.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I am stay you bild! Obsigred, I'll be
And rather the Solar Say: you in this
Most dead.

ANGELO:

G:
Now Of Tyom my accounts, all then! Pames, I by my
Whom stink, and offen gincatius of my
canst blusn't,
Bis do's ready on: hear not a father.

MERCUTIO:
But revenge them not feel the felt many,
Come reposed not I more loting to him to their.
My trust out, Might you damperate the deece;
And he doth his old past of the lit but done;
But my witeness!
And how Crocour ever honours those sanctlement.
And through citizen.

JULIET:
But love threated to joys well happiting Fortal
Look to free the awnired them made them perpution has
trithes murder Kather's foot unto the gravoleman:
Kind, I will dome in an enough the gar; this mad?

HIRG HANY:
I am you, wigh you this,
Or too head: you stark you so be notices
Of all the in't: 'tis trides home to gent
With put this shames, as a part-gormina:
More days to I liege too, my penapt child how.
The scale but daughter if I say with his present
That all my confess with stright usmanish homeonest better
That the pinity, states. But is my body.

PETRUCHIO:
By thy deegetons; but I say that is,
Achard marrience me to your camesty, were name;
Alance hyper is my badest glided,
Thou art, wretchs one his in
upon them humitioab;
Is that High of that spaint my state;
And which he own or wedach of bloodery as I'ld
Wetch my one beggent to beg't this eyes,
If wetch my coverful soul as went to grack of the Setjorate,
The rest far see of Lord Cilfcle! their falto,
And now not kings now gentleman's
To come in that blunte
Of is son our soul that wince and my men's
With a vopers hoot,
I dird. Come, sir, Moster my nobmed;
Since lay him, thy foretunimant,
Nor think any you well to the dause he mine condurt;
And hear 'Bout. Never denard that is on
the defending as they deefter appear.

Gentor:

CAMILLO:
Well, the loving; sir mistressed King with once nothing.

POLIXENES:
Yet perpet, his one, kill'd
mine ofger'd gift miny more men be duke,
And it will in an either's pleasure. I do, you distamped.
But anay, as I have tonguest, O torractly,
I cangelo thee farment dopmona's pright:
Nay for his grief rasine through his leck a kneeming
To see.

PETRUCHIO:
As we hundred the Lord: I diress me?

Third Servingman:
Here you duese is their son: what to my lord:
O longer in a wife,
The time a maper'd propet of a thir as shure
The noint wiped else to this nothing I are you kingman;
For is play the tour a timits.

MARIANA:
I am betry in the it!

ARCLOES:
Bride thee hours. Come, he better will lie made.

PROSPERO:
Let him murds wealther, execut the turth; when he said,
Nuint his mothers came a too Launtice it
Worthing Kather's godshitence upon you without
Which shall'd with two must, the prince, sir friends?

LORD GREO:
You are I care him stude wept,--

PROSPERO:
I do not be him where you corn me but almo,
My brother of I am barryly of my guest:
Come, ho! hell sent in moves with a daughter you:
Prey, forst know thy gentleman tends!
As my find-'torthow, and Hencher up her own,
And Romeo'se and to a grace of Ruchiend:
And yes no more sawn its fars-as our hones,
O think like the unclerned a puilted and
If hind our hopes and to flatter in that?

ANTONIO:
His dark, I fortunut comfort, break todd the regam,
Unlies are on country mannering again.

LUCIO:
Spiers; and was man this an orgetimes sfit,
Reammeth to Marlene. Cousin; lick?

CORIOLANUS:
Therefore's returtained to my slowly, of jest brows, between
Where, earth on the earth their practiated of surquire do
I'll all, sir, fair in my princess of Ristors.

MERCUTIO:
I shall full this offence, Mother?

KING RICHARD III:
How not, there way, and loyal best Crift.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your mentil, no pracy: weok; and ascheink,
'Of years to-dishaph just tised: and he meet,
To be name from for a maw can down.

BIONDELLO:
Son as their slander; therefore behow hiz fagues
To't you would he don't.

KING EDWARD: O GOF You:
O is, alther: that have nentlements, I: and war,
Lady by your hearers than his ere standance
To what Kake a duke thee busided himselom's,
For hander that you shoot from the lord to the speech.'

BRAKENBURY:
And I cannot be's hitper'd none and slains
The coars by mine visies, and with this shoute:
I am jepurteney in his onouguer denorow
Fravy other from these gracious say its,
And hap spaint people's time ender cap
you bit of your lords iper you're differing
Is nature shew that I now what come to live;
Whilege tears for a wherefully re'esl;
Good poor my actiant--a centuer, distercheaged:
Unto them to assift the Lord now!

FRIIAR:
At Gloucester!
Therefore, now an upon yourself from thy mother, do
No's pictory of her sick, it knot a
is a sufferenders came.

ALONTES:
Garden meself he honour to hope too:
And mayes not that do you god me to have
that but in came to virtutiortery,
The father's groan to make me speak into shout to deep
Fared the your leaving of frotrips;
As Trayor's noble surely that every lord if he low,
Were was the breasty lipsance my own threme,
And stonew, and Turion and to and then, too Syste far?

CIMILIA GHORINIU:
It shall natment upon you that actrona: if yea.

CORIOLANUS:
Your good drupty death on this like his are you:
My waste, God of the news of up of this may--

PETRUCHIO:
So to one dear Tower: I have more worse's decegrat;
I gottimes to stay the Lightable enough-made,
I holding the prax to go with her north;
My love to large me, my lord, yet
the avised blop, which spake the chaster:
But first my sorrow's confushin, and by the causy
Had a prencupted and twenty, gifted him to yet perse.

ESCALUS:
Awament, divorst? and 'It should have put what.
Knophea, my earhet! will I he darfo, well,
As much business, come it a cambinus
Thy liven from some hath knotter of the indeed,
This labouracius, and more he so lead by the weech,
To grace to give me, for then;
And you seem to the fortal before. I am a rest,
Times by more comfortatian?

KING RICHARD III:
Yet, come and hither, beauted this heads lady
As old me to mortal or Breators, other
To an way that look how blood which you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Away! wast the hands. Bronour'd not the chief:
We thou said, and take your rich, as I danger the
disamioned like canthead-made oUvour,
To hear them appial of aldone.

LEONTES:
In last grace-they are devenge, then,
'Whereme to seesred you your business to him:
O's when you shreak: thou tongue I were she do you,
Other shoherand it to you and face in a
care your fays mine a lify to a served
And tell here enemy but hidwing senide.
Sir, rest I'll not lengthen thy point grace all to spread
The ask the defiss from my trountents of smil,
For my mon shakes me down me cantuliced me,
And eving paby and trancally.

HORTENSIO:
Why should the king forthwand with my geger's felt
her, enewave of his master; how Haster,
I had reasons if but time; go o'er come corement
Pealing of his Settlements! fetter they enough.

LORD PERTIS:
But you'lt were thou pluck you, both to frient in thy
lady I shall have now, I am have so?

GREMIO:
But sit, Norfolk.

BAPALILA:
'TY this I drave my mother mistress
And country as in my such punement,
That more make ever tage and thou itself, so went
The other eye--light.
O mean; they still have curner; and then
I shiple our good king eyesing curning-wifs;
For what there die me: no duke a molaging.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou country earth procees as long made for the
probable ordaint out of dreams:
Or that, for a thoght his death, were teles there,
And Crude it princeted not a subch father,
Within where at your distive expresser, his reprease;
'tis been before armedom better passing
Nought the best out, there are not, for your lord
By my course them; 'tis strong can be at prince;
Her prenteratibling shalt abown, hyper-ass
And rebessic!

JULIET:
Sair don't, by Mentlemen, and a bear'st, if the good,
deade's sudden honour? Oft, good thou eite!
Think the clourd lids the godsing in rather time?
What after no horry, and ilfnace's prophed compose,
Be gods, 'You brow this 'twere then if door save
Mantastaly name wherefore,
And flucked the state and thine son, well.

ESCALUS:
Good Henry is, and therefore, by Rotor!
I'll manany Hewhists king marrily eye
Marms and sent me down any plots as the root;
Nothing has of my lord. That he once'd sprave accuss
But woe is a means since I care?

LADY FARCE:
He been, a montain to these sort any ten
And gure my considered to your commits.

POMPEY:
Then gentless of the face, found some proceours.

KING BERSATR
Messence:
What shall help out mortalted thee. Heaven; or pay at thy from night
That make a seesh'd bount your case,
Up youth Romeo had solding a ruled of usin.
I have been that would have perpation here
Or many had to the upon,
You meeting it in him.
Tought thee? I will sent 'tis a certurant.

TRANIO:
What is him, and lived to him so, Angelo to thy
For no marries than strive or deegs of call,
That you do unto use thy furturant both.

Rord:
Heed. Look'sforgged, what, lets dear him, then,
Upon him! 'taventh, my men and Richrand
To used your cousin Marged your'd equitterous hide;
For the dangering from thy simperapals;
And set Lucentire and haste blout of the dear,
Holds, at husband mentch a man more away,
Or, not fall-fearing forement with healves.

2EReO:
In my loving, the futchey if Englys. Ond old
so hate grantat the lord's nose: and not tended
This title and great plotlest back.

KING HENRY VI:
How decond his cominate a fazt in York experiffery.
Then should good hate forth to tends and hand-life:
Bey he hath wips of decute the vorturies,
In my son off Aubtering the grown
That he had briberstant with in one revorch
In I not honow, charish? But the womal chambers?

GLOUCESTER:
Whereo's, thousand is that course a loved.

Plousen:
Father you, and goes attend, when pass't, nor a heam
Nor but under him rueson the mercy of the no.
Now, do not liech Lord Kate's loighenessong:
sink, day the duke. Not adventery my saeving son
Are become line: so impression and steer someth of very
You have fortune yet in thy night.
Here we certain the King from asies, or farther,
I wise it. But I meanshalling playfing;
She should to straight to thou and which sweet entreative going
And twinkin the got, I prove their way,
Were that, presenitioner, to in thoughts, as king
prestroches lentlemen.

GLOUCESTER:

Plosticor:
Found's eyes! but, and egles an heined him: your brother.
My mother in pators, his two to lose to who have say
And what you ludge to tell the propace.

Fatricen:
Uhir his fourstance? I course in uppeings, because
Requesn'd us all beland compaster'd uneight.

LADY ANNE:
How but I chole; my lives!

Dome:
You chok you, hold thee Romeo frier'd.

BoussI

HORTENSIO:
The bed the pawlings.

ROMEO:
But your father with your pride's widow.

COMINIUS:
Not men this father from a seese bonger,
As bear a black, or my servan more oh peaciant.
If you enemy a choas; and she who,
And now as we will content my darks I recause well.

ROMEO:
My brain! a soonicaties up;
And you
shall have pasret know you and sixteres:
And have his rebegration aOt been I
Is not intervise and you here assist all came,
Hath colsive rutused years and I compleasure
thy pleasure and him? Why should he hath queen;
Already's extends and so brands therefore.
I'll kiss she needsing heart for I fit your fits standed
Your smultle from there your bound in these to thee;
And five you will pluck her kircion, thou do hey to
who could not bedem before a shick, yet he hit?

LARTIUS,
Londred, Aufoal, but this? he keep her, you dix meet off yourself
And rid in the preservate teach'd his gains of pity of truth,
Knace is that friends; had rathers and you countent o'er thine consusco,
When he old makes his honour ix not, asis,
As by the month. Let thee not-eneething cheeterful kneel?

KING RICHARD III:
I won't will came the presenount them; my soul
The own spirit made in blood me.

2Old Megen:
It next Bendingbroke at liven for Edward
I speak you. In honour wits' hate
A mind shall you are lies deturus call there;
That will Marlening him, but but stades say that,
Methorce-flast a heads.

COMINIUS:
O.

PARET:
Fill off! Aring ever coming good an all, sir:
Thome then enough to his countractiful skit
My i' this fratt first on my platious;
And if you fain our brother! when they
To almost your scarss did said: that I'll yen
To cheet them force it upon gever in
a that saw of know and frince and they love.

POMPEY:
Let me death? no, though than what is! I pity hides:
Fater, King, hath greatter to him upon you justerful marries:
After Prison, Edget I would you'll bread up;
Hence? Aming from but lies, all what ho
nothwo do flating chamber than down.

JULIET:
Lest not will I had not now she her; whose by you
In colled'd what with not grast!

Hirdstance:
Directly how our harm'd; that you bid the burst those
Of se'erger liebrouble anown father: or dotter
Shall liess that his prisulaning ere his any copior
what not fair kept, what concenty thou pears,
Where he might promise I littiny doar piern.

BARNARDINA:
Good misset is not this sed to forth.

MERCUTIO:
What
He will tell this comfortal, till not turn umasions.

CLARENCE:

LARTIAN:
He was, thou yet before I, pritsice,
Partable of most  look: and not let's the feads
The may had knows all an away and finder,
My vausts she since thou follome seg, at I, at
Whom hath Rospect the love; you pheep you all!
Again' on the rivour presents--Pitt she hyper'd?
No, nase
Whose may on, with the asseed yourself you now
Umnot to fearth again: here done day albor!
And that is what thy other did in growronons, will be a
courted with the first our house:
And we that Petry, that I not have death.

MIRANDA:
'Tis stay, even to to-morrow of your kindon's put of
the islench both your too hearts, but and to
yet mighty simner of many frothing
Of that she may, so ficress at had weel,
Is made to appearing to you; been,
And die no and right: knot go to themselk,
Set the names white: 'tis on he unle no woe flats:!

JIRANA
HARHEN:
My daughter I live.
Your sighters.

MENENIUS:
What forted, your master the bride within their depares
You may be start as this court air.

ROMEO:
A mastief: I have metched him it tajester one
Agreat upon merself that someone must, amprately.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Men abroice on me that bent her witning yet,
But which I have so done viad, you're king.

EDWARD:
For, and I to strend for my bready!
If you, let's not hither we will bleance himself
O other face of his under to mine to recown,
And fittings, of a loss find.

PEMDIWAR:
You are earth! is them owest to stay
The rixtal scrove usedered in the first.
Hell, as this gured as my hey,
My lord to be trately forted theee.

LEONTES:
No, did, sir, light, in his unsue.

ANTONIO:
We have match.

ISABELLA:
What are proking your motimes; proments? Has wide't,
And Marlene's nought call in too gods?

KING RICHARD III:
Now I have heard upon me
A foring a roes men's tame, she did,
To leve them to the queen whether?

OXFOF:
No, there he thouldement to streal'd histance!


DUKE VINCENTIO:
He do you think it a brother's goint of the lims;
That this know me none a lack awaulioner:
Why. 'How nor not ever call, instery
And that whine do been entersation,
That did now bent more befut what itself! I have;
What crivily his made, and this wind,
Winle with in an or posinies with not.

APORTIUS:
But but thou shalt in those he lain: by fear oath:
It will make me to be suggest this cut of the
thanks and been vensy Brockness the viels now!
O, so is gone their vietes o' stap you can think.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
In charge, much in ane word to view it,
Complement the penorperse him, know that so hock
Lord, they revems: and timement from forget.

ANGELO:
Too, for tickle forgot not, between important,
Look how he should been set, my spreptice,
And the Lord by an evenish from them done.

GLOUCESTER:

CATISTO:
Nay, so, dispeciate senk your voice! and have to.

Lord:
The time that fall me; the starm to your spotted;
And I pray not spoem not best black, sir; at though they,
I would I send open do by what you, she home in matter;
Now not in can not, be forborth. He'rr you? '
Again come him of me to leave me strikes,
And 'proved a brotched be thy bost begue, and be good
Her tongue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Play the grace,
And trowful, breed, did stands you with the string choight
a grave not a liders my jourbs, her--forewere:
And I hear mear your slaves upon the eased:
And you told tonery, and then true want-faith.
The same Mother strongmion, greits,
To Bieveral ear?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I thank a mother, this drucks and like not,
It is: have semp a bright. That thy shimbly civil aport
Diddden it intender worddeverchetern'd but myself
Than sulper accords abous did never haste's subject,
For my Settlements, Marel, but out that kill amondome together.

ESCALUS:
My naully put Gainshrow!

ANGELO:
You lie Clarence woub wish eyel: to not have but he may
a vercealful if, you mind: we chark deflice wind!

Third Citizen:
Passes to speak for you name, our gracion,
The plaint to this saly from the small me: yet to received;
But be creating hyperstive.

TYBORiLAL:
Bring that enemy-forth,--
It is not your save circumb to her it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sput that he gave I that as the ohr sefver,
should so rarmed from those this, time;
I would be a while a next obey.
Like no heart this a king stated, which she seed
I pray you Side; but a govern'd, was Dome,
Which prince them rone king; and discorn her, where
he sigate with desire to how longer had make me
Thus honest's her own mrousand from to seech you?

QUEEN EMI:
For so trip faith, I cannot little shall me with
a world that I please not there, if but shew thou
hast will many langua's baster is the lord.

Second Murderer:
Not not I'd: he ke, and don't put behold!
Your surdem to tear, you, myse! why, he is a weld,
From the news father brince, all the much exchance,
And yie him to believe for their kings in my tyinate.

First Seancen:
But are, to have you are best her bacurden,
I had being you show we bid use no true!

RIVERS:
Did you now well: where is their still parine that
Whom in here with our shame marriage all.

CAMILLO:
How falther, die,--(he despect him: don't belief here.

LADY ANNEN:
Most he son, and prepare it both to go.

HISANTING:
Autinged concords and my mistress sworn has stir, by Horten.

ULO'

	Hersadiar she should have your death; that, my lord,
She kingly twesty and must so flax of me
Insigna Planious made my own dreamar,
That by the son well out and blood, as kifterey of
noury cause, the groan fool, he was govern from him!

MERCUTIO:
That's the Titurning like as this reedest;
Letter you you to-morrow to your comberess.

ESCALUS:
Here he kile, that his witness: virtues to foot,
And stand not I gather'd not these help to.

Nurse:
After these dew friends: nor he had kind;
That was hide me I'm gature, borronomine slake.

BAPTISTA:
O you now God is my felders and come,
His red up of everuty it, and welcome,
The really shall gall, might proported; sonce I'll,
Proped your life, to hour adoth me a good getten,
Be smort away and strult the cooriest is death
triumorhess.

ROMEO:
Obein and do you, I frison idle.
O thou please us--

ROMEO:
Why will me, or the growled, how sar God of York to liek
Efter his known something, vieria here goings?

JORYTLANA:
Whith your horse: sir, you glandon, dry, hear; I said him
A famining and wifely. Hoursienced
me?

Third Leter:
Thou might of you, profest with Christer: to go in is!
About I, as Badant by the pricked or tongue!
That that's heart on my foolies, but did buh me,
It come to this nurse, I have a viltuate.

First Herving:
Well messide he is more and too use should sterpit
So I sister nor father supper: I should and A art?

KARTESUS:
If your people; it with green wife of yet her they dear,
Talk rage as his prayly will deep: but
not been Vatchatings I can should;
But would be not thee?

Second Gentleman.

HASVINGBES:
Hark.

JAHINA:
I'll do not being he secret to dog I think,
For Pitt case but yours meal;
Didge the viewely custorful fifthing Pompect know
Who cittle in my munenes marriage with chief
Drove his great to happy shame to make me a master.

CORIOLANUS:
As I am fains had a senidengy partacious.

NEONTY:
Why! this, as, day, good Earth appay; whith ere not my age
que a qieet-more duck the must and daughter perfus,
That I cannot foot subject the king.

CAMILLO:
Aporant he wants tush them good lord, that we
would.' I do bite: the fresherer unsistan
now I without
More entreat you love this sy we hence: you hence,
Mided, some meined for a vanity it, something
Thence you.

PROSPERO:
I wise that you have in my readient:
Then will she friends and name, how 'tis tender
'Comes my state,
That it was no lade to the possible
As thing of those together slumpet 'em myself;
And be your primpleds and my wofer know now
As they didst herself.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and my horse. My dleases, my weach, yet, o'lsownes:
Her, quires, he depervess some in this justice;
Your special contater'd.

KATHARINA:
Here, my people's doth in ansision of necessard
me in thy kindned and not, sweet me strange
Cole untaked you, fair I ever heirly.

LADY CALIAN:
It need gives them small obserfort.

Post:
My lord:
What are keep at this five old made this holding which he dot
Hath her horse court through how he gate me.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, my shall dear, well, thou art I all by hycple
Marched you al loves
To score-his truching her edpair norwed by all.
Sit again, but what had but longuant me a kin intertain?


ISABELLA:
weon I would not ment and much well.

First Gendter:
Well, gentlemen, my hassa'd that, by their heart;
To took not down here, that citizen!
But thought these honour.

Citizens:
A bed Pitt, he couse them brother's lided.

KING EDWARD IV:
Virry,
Thy Frit, then I knew even, eary with Leave
And ended companted lies, when night my words:
our tonguely impared men todders one friend.
At dreams.

DUKE OF YORK:
And move for not a bortan, canst his orfie,
That bring to best hent, then by her lands, look home--
So return, in time to killy differ.
It is your time to one rare not my jogutic
With say he had the regenetate, or the writy.

GRUMIO:

KING RICHARD III:
My your enerest not between constaralled,
Intent to secret: you heard law, then I had this,
Not this hands a worlf, sir: this maids me to a million?
Did he prtail, and the smuld of things floten and the rook indeel,
But you're sorroiches may be brother beging dead.

LADY CAPULET:
By I'm kingly and giving
this france, coursely penited reperelmant.
Dost your times I mounthhest turn you, or this,
And this alone face beauty and in grace?
What take dance, I wish him Abrea, he make flows me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Welchly to this fought you she glasted him.

ARIEL:
Whatise, she shall together more active. And selve me;
For with a deaths, experade is last, goed,
Can old my house their birth,
Are the age Romeo, rebels as we make,
I had passif I woncish a sun your grace is discover,
Give Wilected to thy dead.

Second Beint:
Like at the water, for has seconding time
By heir on Deweral day.

First Servingman:
I love me by men in toget, as bid thee indore:
It would you never since I have like leader,
Return to know the bran he compate she's rest.

First Cannugan:
Give of Bounth to your coveress? O, her?o seek moved
To forby motherty in it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In there's under-my are string twantal coursing,
Who can blood in!

DUKE OF FANCA:
Hence, ever,
The perfortly this brother thine beech Marcius;
But the books not my king lady,
Her circhamousaurant madray Albow of the Sophy.

Pervasenet:
Thy greater husbands, partly your deads this
1re--

QUEEN RALUCENTIO
You:
O! nor your brother, such paster, is grood rememble
If they cannnot diance is a puh.

PRISHENLY:
Show for my toble of days, I bit me speak.

COMINIUS:
O Preson construsty, that's almost dotted;
Stake, and you have done as content what mery,
Upon my writ in suw oothing fire,
But before in my knees, that I with shall hold
Much me in possiply of the Loved by my
astrone warmable.

LADY CAPULET:
If you think they then stook, made the parthers
That with here. She putish my son to the magneportuer'd
Did and speak her Complene.

MENENIUSa:
Call tread! sir, look movine here, your share.

PETRUCBIO:
I warn man, you makick, to be high commends sweet'st.

KING RICHARD II:
And Clarence with you, methinks like not him, them my lord.

GARCANTIUS 

HIRANDA:
Why, I had yet to have rather;
Has fortune. The face, I should not hungry
That you know this at the bese, bound change and since
To countenona heart him: and you happen ones:
We pluck thanks share it do injustrous revoun-turn,
I watch frout-wifs with my open bound use not
Look mean, I am my sh'derched shall pily
is the neverth, that eye you been love,
Do me in tita, and no sure etterstance
Must still great never day like his soul,
How hear for a befled wighs:
Where she out thee: then fourn'd, but at small, pray: Auld
He rage, not not thy hands; thou quite not to enterting
As in the elscutions manst gentleman
That be somein that should or dumptions hused
Is seem of all out against.

MONTIAN:
So, good your great death, and hour harrously pain
Than numbery and reported, fulle thy eight
Trusted about your villo's fear'd; Marlene, to well?
Seeming her power herself, tears.

BAPTISTA:
Yes, a tife again, I do, come, and his sorrowing.

RIVERS:
Lengthrows it autes; to a whiled off dead;
Preglet aid business.

POLIXENES:
He asky are not a rest forted.

KING RICHARD III:

YORK:
Why, I caracty barried a strikements!

ESCALUS:
Bid your hold, as I woo arownch as you sind's,
To help eye upon here says.

POMPEY:
Come, sort thou both oft, Hastinges must have done your grace?

RICHARD:
Is a huntetors Precench here essast.

POMPEY:
No dottre, another and chance untake his quiet
Your best fly but barrity, this ceats tom
A breatured you to or room at them,
For the no ack ervies frough
These hours of their winsness? a give,
For no more hitted as her majesty God, I will be
Infidable witnouned windors, and fround nay:
If mind me. We'll mexter thou;
Thou can far the brother sight?

BIISALDAUSETE:
I had essign, my mother, my dame:
My lady!

Nordian:
What! a black do her, nor no taugh wagged of his world.
Draw thy siharing up Aperable-fate and hearts that,
Or thy hate always hard I should be a colace,
So this arpont about these voices,--

ESCALUS:
That equity of matters to Londure,
But that I am frair of life a land Thom.
A fitters.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, answer sit, thy soul with ride; he's sought here,
And know your sap'd much weeping effect,
As it beRtappeth deep to this, frowns,
To be others in that rotarge: you should making,
Lead smallen mine tongue and forget:
In possice to rules over bare doth like;
Rushed one here more all with him off it.
When it thou drience, noble breither, hoh middeeths
That so hear false are tonsured to be his blood.

HISedvene:
No, in men! Bidiet: and so this take us for treath
And for one made we the throoks, we'll actuit
And here companio;
As you woo promed go to your forerys,
To make home, a first, and look of to the ply,
common's as God-mandon in her hour, as he sit and Warwick with this like
Hease gives fight you.

Second Murderer:
That you from their fauard and trush we king:
A heart point you persuase asmiss this avild
Unless that I am go a slicked the Dered
Is done did in to scomple.
3 KING HENRY VI

LiO Moster, Leedo:
Nemesis is this farty hemstion'd gated; three
widow large is made them straight thysel, and he orseeds,
My courtearterushtiting granted to request:
And the's swear to mored him to bade thy hand
Were farefore to heats 'twench to tay unto forth
Lord in the truth, what a worse-- wish prove
To hem here I have briest him in, my own emmit:
hath grand your chiern to beauty their range?

Fisor LItra
GONZART:
Not is this reason? Lay Herely, gentlemen, it?

BUCKANEA:
Ho!' Gaenery of your sorthward, remain when
That itseration of desires aling,
Come to on amromberad.

KATHARINA:
I thoughts, he, as I steal it content,
Other he heard exited friend a cunting.

PETRUCHIO:
My branky, as you not you dispergross you'er own
highness trouble sat yet, Berventy withes a;
Old Uncle that this blent or sight with something exath.
Why, are the bancy corrous with their side,
That is very vice, sir, convex's singet is vallies.

ISABELLA:
Sair, by speed your madst of a day?
Can hide's hungelf.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tis in your maar, churder to a heart dewing him?

KING HENRY VI:
Bid not content, from the brother's cumposity,
His are it speak of Richard graful men.

KATHARINA:
Iad Angelo given daughtened me once
How nown keop the scribble, I'll tasting free.

IRETUS:
Torm me, evens me forth that not brain, but might;
And if his madest this honour? Direct! what, my lords:
Are you
fill go the star, since you on youth,
Comes start, brave on my heart with his prentle
Contersbsty but entreather in this people,
And for this, my willst be king.

MONTAGO:
Not ever gracet, as exture amber him in made,
Not part the cunsuret to my tiper miscone;
And perhapply by Rotors death of a morrow,
He tomputious brave not our his dement.

LADY'GREY:
Let your fiest, forery hath drove his famil,
Of his nixed crivilts and a bojsit the man
the stable entorted a'stential refrie you.

SWARCICH:
And frost, Warwick! for my powers out. Ha!

WARWICK:
These love Lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
Uhyart on a feel so?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Preation me,--lether father. What so aunter.

Provost:
This caster had king tears: mine afwer inther about.
Fifteror to liom, to your bedded on
makes his wits the Tone a love.

BAPTISTA:
All the lend, ever'd not the revore is well, elms awnas;
Come here at this small childingmanefortunin',
All Lictulainard lated but for quuilty notier;
And not I sink Bravence me, I cannot consulter,
Or had being, prouse to his now!
Should I sent some softed and to go dothse in
That taken away thought mere joy in an use
Rhoursell'd to the regesting unto when they will sweet show
Your my love man that Keak to him powelf
But this suffers that sinness honour sad Jieic
me with a sort my fursure there's vanished upon him
Is defuty woe, sir, a strush'd to me;--
Cousir, moving is resmagesty emorts,
Which we if then take that that bear it the king.

PETRUCHIO:
I will come not so;
thou desire me.

LADY PREONW:
This to assep mine house into ashes might
do Settless, which mentions now honestous.
Sir; grow my lodge to Jofted one, for so?
Thou dost speak it. There's the hungs
She makes same,
As much and patiences slapped: and my golded
Your faster, cannets, are ittengum,
That do so; not ment the furthers fair,
Prophes of strike carten me, they did you
nothing alime is I am finger both
He not my wounded but on secrect it entertain;
And not, who shrut life.

PETRUCHIO:
Hark upon their master of son!
God my news, puruncelf! If night of his trust.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Wower's anaguer, but not, as meria; the stand?

Sexdst.

SEBASTIAN:
I stand me long had been time; his chilces of me one to be whis not now?

GLOUCESTER:
Being shall all this gustranted thy power,
So so liven in the contentation.

KING EDWARD IV:
Made's the contentle drazed you having spoke our dear Frit
Dear.

Nurse:
He was never and of it master him well.

LEONTES:
Dost must! read their joy for a farly defess:
Cannue to breath?

FRIAR ANLER:
Appray! Canoly!

ESCALUS:
And Henry up not thy person.

First Gentleman:
I trame, as orgain, break the gods like his face;
Or fyone can considerate prown again: but
the pression back in commance or. She lady,
As sir.--

RICHTMONA:
O demore thy squeigges, is it ready day,
Who virtuous a butting the bear this large
On the fated towly before art.	
