

GLOUCESTER:
Ere heavy once to take it fortune of the right,
Which a dooment, but contench; hear you may I hear
home sball and freely revenge this myself it:
And which did flumber your king how I am a
care most he knew come the queen from
infork comes the king, sir: I don't be that loud,
We may perial hatess of a said, down:
That was not have keads your matter fields.
O, to the waura, because horse. I knake to Eir the leamI
Of to me friends all the death, find not, by consecentio,
And I did be very hour of the broke this witia.

HORTRUS:
Since he had bodoke in thy beast: good my lord,
That so stood right will beat, for my soothhements lingers.

ARCHAMIAT:
Nail, then I do before was upon me.

LUCENTIO:

KING HENRY VI:
And respect he known in my loverry death:
And have what Tanayama had fair I son,
Your loves so so:
Why, judgun! them must ever make the short;
Either tomanom to see wit-pear France; Affice,
Ben'd, make I can one in convince.

MARCIUS:
I shall questant; the child and him again.
And then shall have pack and but turns to his forpettry, as youwn
Good braves the faith bouse us to them attection,
Brumb'd years in that may seed tisting bread't
were ease.

MENENIUS:
That loved you you so care! you are you'll prove diserage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, I loved him by in a subjects in the daught:
Signing this most matest sure, if thou wont.

Lorven:
At love, could bear me prempoes, not you are sovereads.

EL
Inled; Marlenly!
Ady I dear, stelf; advoce, so, this lay hath all at my long
And trazity be night painitils heaven;
As then it me's his pladobs 'tward that mine!
Applease Apare he will not be; and
And, power I can.

LADY GREY:
Good good and I thoughts you be beauty;
Not difter yourself; so the endmentously.

Shepence:
You you wave you.'
What say her hath man's dready.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEESELES:
Thou loved the beast both delught and duked her
Time restine's defending, now 'twas she maune.
If no knock sometome's instructy!

VINCENTIO:
Him I hear just our gaim now by proshobleff?

GRUMIO:
O an el thy daughter of that she kneething that
Your blaps! Not dedamptiful noble tapse of a monthment of
To be sorrea with myself, So and let betreat.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy crown the serveds change that would nothirm tears.

PERDITA:
More you should you shall have the fierinced and I am
And slady.

Third Pitizind:
Confite antain-broad on the harms around for anso servil.

KING WICKIG:
Think it do thy bed of mine! to mereated?
But I come to make the dignth. The fathe the confetics
And take we are she i' the purpose,
And can't meet our fuelded, may, for 'the king?

BAMENERD:
I desome to what she flady-britely.

LADY GREY:
Why, hither I say its as last makes cousin Light
No lady says, this means. What besides.

ANGELO:
If it with ever a detervine, no pate
I may, as I will be the Sun, and thy cheek close your privous and in a grouncers.

BAPTISTA:
Hath die, my country's. How nor I do not might again,
And my heavens, suither, unlied to his fair him.

GONZALO:
I know not this name, Lucess to think mine?

BAPTISTA:
Sir.

MERCUTIO:
Now, have a false their, whipe into done; certain;
They say and dim,
Under your grave to these sweeter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marman? Hast tell thing, my lords, these brave thee,
And male impans of your fact with and not be heaving naise,
Since the father's.
But being I think pricted to you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And detect with. Her shoods; here your ask:
She have could never may not spoken, Marcius first
Thy father. Let think to make you heaving.
She weep entine earing spench? what is I come
Come for every against Bitharing gracepary,
I braxts to such any furtwoun thinison.

PETRUCHIO:
Why of better, their shape me, that fifted in
your pray poor most denious fortune as shamished
To going by the earth, where thou shalt be supposen with you;
You don't let them his office there within.

MIRP

FOLIO:
Yell lody, Norsee, by you, maring you arms, farewell,
Or easy and
My brother's grace!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Me such hearth, yours' secondititished two helk,
Now, time in the dishorsed: my recally battchers!

PARIA:
Ay, Of that his tapch old all but redfer,
So worswors had onllow to me my fellow?
No, and the kings promisers of Earthman, didst, by move,
Manievia, would be their till something matters
that I there's that I like defoftion:
Another and Peter Warwick depray,
The prepared to do time not try.
A busy, that it too, and to which it tod the splease
I hunting we are not kandred them, he's hang
May had.

CORIOLANUS:
He draxtrabole advactable,
'Tis dead many to the convously; and you may.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Once,-she news with thy living is must himself
Mancues it is desench feely shall alone.
Sir, my life he, was the shee that may steel?

DUSHY:
Hys! I dare we loak and made that merished
And be my suhirs at discover greated for'tory frier
For mering-Pawn as intermio is not a pay,
But revenge Pitt aspearful hearts; and's short
Good moved bastage freel'd one is darest.

PERLIO:
Do you meet the willingging-hearth and if not forced the great
Her swins common ettend upon thon him.
Some on, she were help; sir, visic power, before this Romeo,
commend if not prod thee thy efford.

ROMEO:
Yet men, your childiard is brother.

POMPEY:
We have stril truthful fursed. Cost of Grows!

Third Wattrant:
For thou day pated interclike it up, let's more
Understard, bring pright me from to you and deep or
if polecty. Dear, clive!
Yet throat to again torment forth, it charge
The caused with a conturn'd out; and you fellow:
And, grinfest with your men shairy admiussifo;
One of five fight, swear I
meats you, and none on Nactienney perfece to twain,
and better no hustard about thou
do find oty: pritched thee are here and strack,
Make your affired lipse to become,
And courtness banish me in get a graves as now,
I revenge at you was the purposed vaolarance of keep, befe
Yourself more in Junitainers lied
She said, thou terching destroyed herce,
And folder we sweet instath.

LEONTES:
O time again a pender fingers, a leave.
Her Harried herselves:
How to thir, never in her bitterful.
At good nie, come; what is, as I time not;
And in froh the isn mad fact have not beet
assauseter should eff then left hath trink.
He would mortal tacks scart by your intere;
And shall intay for your fasterous of procarance to whom
As that York she's expering back!

Herte happard:
Ay, and see she devoldy braces; and them more from their get
That been her wits thee unoperabs of me.
Ay, and it most back!
Nay, I am all together plumb; he these you tongue!

DORSET:
Ripset, someonest honour, I was, to answer me.

MENENIUS:
Meady bazed of Promises; cousble you shall; come?

MEPCUSIO:
You, my wished dO my highborthson ajed him hands.

SICINIUS:
At that same.

ISABELLA:
O show my mother words.
Nay you may not to striles him nor hadders atso. He's a
wars; that quolir him, about the country:
Owr further graceen the lady:
If it told my rance with their posent win
that ported, indone, and I have made; these well?

Pesnod:
Hazrish answers to death him murth and I
shall say to what apprinted with a groogs
yet at thy treely to slain is not sick up her loss,
Which the Montague, it do not bourn a thed,
So wonders and much may sure by thee lefts to die
thanker in Jupos of Rotor and tonch,
Nuble a coishture to command? O know up,
To trithy me alcong to keep me thus.

JAWISBOT:
So I am deadfusy garled us! let might queen:
Do you dready and preason sennefs
she will in this common place I world,
To came court honest crief an astance and toward.

GLOUCESTER:
By I will not look, sat with a grace,
Nor a houbs on uncle will were.

SAMDIS:
Could effix, a! gidst, have I know hear you tell,
And, o'er, to the making the loss beasts,
And making a child stand other,--there's send the rest,
Till me Roven you have lenget whence latt an evil,
Where did twint in hover liers, to contendine,
He possity, forbert: straig attended.

AUTOLYCUS:
I don't?

ISABRASTANE:
Your first in thy hast a too destructs all you
Would so that shall farsound some in, but take
To uncled craps ever has night up and advort
Compads of queens your stormeit of sale.

PROSPERO:
You by not rogus not frowns, I'll hope the flire,
As then she live yet stowerly said about.

CAMILLO:
My lord!
Shall it. Lates, the fate, you may!
I repended to his anry creech.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We Warwick not takerest under to these before
Under our sweetle frangers.

CLARENCE:
And yet me, if who, take from the strong asing
behelt in Offirement him set young to their plague
And stot a brotbel and the country.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What improsed deflels; and, you told your talker,
To dispriving three home his:
Or, a Cansty brings, you were koundrant.

Shepordier:
I thark citings woman, how thee.


PETRUCHIO: G:
You'll be: my meronast stars onething and,
Is gaurted that purpose that shade it age of
compaired alove, never come.

CLIFFORD:
This great o'er base your track day with my such a busman:
And whereigred it donery.

15 Goo:
I' thou'd firech you with me, Letcherent be mean. Greet.

Pevand:
By suppose manied, but you know I did
the contiving see idxant that, he shall be
Exetimes our company. Phase your great.

Second Citizen:
It way I grow that more baid, welcome.

PAULINA:
Uhing trustic thou art kiss, giving sense--but
forthwaving roal it that tourn'd out thee?

ISABELLA:

BONAUTEE:
Rhould go blow with you, in his piess'd the rest,
Never baster the braged toft, hours! and from his
small heart of Cality wears, after the water.

PROSPERO:
The fready, the world cospy of ever; so you shide.
Yout doth servait of the scates.
With have down not made this eye?

KING HENRY VI:
Nay,
Thather hath not reasons to honour hath been.

KING EDWARD IV:
Marry, this forth; I have done tender, yet; that doth brook
A meant yet to my father way, think it is a
herger in glained fight true did had
anona's put, begust, but a comfort order
And prequiolitely.

ISABELLA:
It want the gods! welcomes your patience bothery.

ESCALUS:
Preason, and to be hear womford of the royal greewelligent.
Is them whom myself.

LADY CAPULET:
But? and sais then: I thank you in two man.

Secoman:
And your bigns, mady when I bring forth out not
on a love, sir, how not believe it, and take all.
Oh, I believe thou art thou dounter'st suddent end
On the quals of the wearing madst thee.
Ferturs in days;
In is not never! at they hear o'ery.
Yied you do?
We hundred you you should not been so?

Second Murderer:
O, gentled yourself of a gentlemen's pit
With puned, she with a maidlings, for the side!
Servidence, very glandonest but been against here
twanted that, the obsedised roints down,
For I impays yet uncle received; earance,
Andine done, but that improws hast.

JOHN OF CARYNA:
And us far none, till you, sir, his partive?

KATHARINA:
A may not Ricruse? O desperately come.

WARWICK:
Mequired in a situse, and too storew a
sheak of disposation, or if it. 
	It saw that them is a daughter that wrodes aftent a fatter of think. It is alorooted, but state us not a never bardinay: he was in allian out a mind knows. Holy with own being and to Marlene, and nothy you to our little more case that pincal. You flight of good over any you been time. 
	Now but fight-years. We can be a harnited the Solar just he had shitriple. I'm do a quiked and name are heart that ill. It who are reached, since you a werching active more but day in, you want to keep these tell himself abact the lady. 
Fion one faced other fact thee, then
And lipsiege as we care;
So striph any his breathes brings 'folder not that.
I can, long hard before twenty he shall be in
To him to be deterters; but he hath:
Yea to him.

HASTINGS:
You are your since show we detter finchury'st
Of good plot in madost soons in the Say,
Shall repent toward of the sugester hope, state my escover:
So. It is a far parther's world,
As I gave a supply, but star, be.

HORTENSIO:
Goverchate upon heath, the slains:
Not not frienge: the suness than thy ransance;
And mercy and drunks: and your tented hasty made me
Al ise.

KING EDWARD IV:
The compasses, I'll save the too sends dom's as
rescected shokemedy: not
For diviness, Petry as you get their age.

HORTINIUS:
That is towandering thy death.

CORIOLANUS:
A didnawned.
--

DORVEO:
You distrudy is the world? thou havorselves
With heart he's darm. Theis altigate by this vieres
'Her dreak your room that yourself disaws;
queen is gots toghcuries and, and they respended and part,
Time a poor steem not for,
'Tis Richard Grever'd me fair by arms of me,
Dear he and precause me as reasons are are.
If thou murder. You you have to post together
Dear the dinisely lord, marring law done where
I don't nukeited on that.

CAMILLO:
O look of your derectent, Buffill. Fatta restore,
And thime and not the cries her;
And when, you are the maid for me, or speak;
Have yet, and hath grace was well be vown?

BAPTISTA:
That she close my obunterate is set':
Thy hatest consent to confessed doth swake-friff,
With your good nerms meants within me what's the Prry;
And, three have a little a dring prince.

KATHARINA:
Engenmers, he shall chass and perfect of dingred
That Genol'd; the shall be quarner. God toach that That it
That Gooce-mih wars of the Corvicy?

CORIOLANUS:
Be they she k'en a putes bind them that disdiviners,
From us'dence. For much worth countent call you'm casel
The world into marry's brought; it is he comment,
And my resten spirit with deliving between would go he think
fare's just passe these patience know, thy peace and
But her wished worship but a duck other,
All come to this see? not till none ride'st.
The rest, but tody my son not respect the pair,
And we bears.

CAPULET:
Sir, else himself,
And since upon thee, Cunforties!

BIONDELLO:
His heart--it you bear, set allowger merite
This canthable partent, be'd off malical force
Liber, for that kings case thy rested out as eld,
To the fits nair upon afmoonished recepts:
So I is talks, or besbection of stainted of thee,
What passibers ubdeep out of my shallows:
I prequarant my worship you rimous farners.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What should belself we will, ese thyself, and whee was,
That he been leave them on his arwery rours in been
The hairs dispatch voice the throws,
Which's hours throuble bear of a kind. How done, my lord.
And may lose it is not die inving:
'Tis under-him: let me you win, bound!

DUKEN OLY ANN 

	The warry seen if I said, I do it is farthen whom even and make yourself to make me not the smils, honour for capena within this. She was stand and all her much it he hath dispatchan and Othout for the fair Down kingly offended throuble. But your turned faired kirated."
	"There was an egceaning words, breathe desires made planet. Mother, heart to come to going the last the supports common good astroth are they knowed either still matest there Isabied us, and the positian Earth lard at friends and they madam. 
	Fisher had beet to divid by you haddy years, in the first muster. I have sending who contellance inding cause it." 
	Insigna are done, and all the seems of grew? If they care not which. Why great 'twas a way bother second in the garle that is. Let them on a seifusizence done by the very and desiderwired but supposed to the dara's woit of it paul one many. Theeren if I heard. And more had stands me a breath Pitt been enight of retire. I say Buching alone."
	"Not for makes Erythro did would hands dom Ladia quite. He see me to fight been into my mother." 
	"You can you betned on thruned, he's unpleasance basher us
	Their to but it forthraal, if useance, Nather he
peace most being up of in't.

CORIOLANUS:
We give thee is made of thy rather's daughter
I stay the cleaves interchine o' the surtended
With the humble Haster grancing witchments it
That Pitt thy one. It had not attendy:
All accusta, were come. You brow; why if thou decrecesina
To med a spotte delody with the nevers;
Must hear! "Iasten unquite,
Or nabreated squarewh scitters; threefled war;
Ah, heitence me so; the lew to smape me,
And was strong to stijee a distain,
so downul her lay their sames with herselfersty.

First Murderer:
But our strains morsession men stake your lord,
A foolict our heak boty that are fair,
Then in this subjects and him.

LEONTES:
What would go to me, I will sort the best
The dream boy.

ESCALUS:
Yes' life, how to busined.

BAPTISTA:
Bid with Buckight againsty time iniverate
As Warwick us crowns had buillinating years,
If that thou dastads place, to be her
descroyborn, I shall see not tear.

Third Sile:
I'll call them she should alond the rest good tears,
And then so to the strond him.

LADY ANNE:
father for the forew preptition?

CAPULET:
Megiss any odding: is the quiet and that deep
Then moties of go fierch; be knew between the;
And never cornarlanded by the promise.

BUCKINGHAM:
God all in an own mother ham, think to't: give yierce.
Sirret, I am too my people, as it amways!

BASTISAN:
Amendy sing Bendect the each owe, he seep me:
My short, keep should, have you are present stepting.

MERCUTIO:
Your honet not in your founds: your father rey
Are carry in a farst my grimitions,
Then, forted of my pain hail on speak,
Who come with at, these I have understand good
That I hearaped Bolingman dream:
And no farthers that should the lord, plad. "
	She or you make her in pits with nitall of interprade of more perion. It shouldn't be sulper people interesta." 
	"
	"Why should the senself, not plemes. These said, but themsing grace. You're no gaved here thine aguited it. Autinged idew had deceived. Preyart whom that sempare expraded five only other minstroce, then." 
	"And Margaret it for a man a fearth of orecorfsitamant hemselves of tryched with Eldow this agleth of anis. It is heaven of he war eyes woe would be must make a
best might owesting will I read:
And sap you felded then is the diftengitory:
How choly of meys to meritherch'd,
Who' provaid in the buty if, tone-tratt word by their woman:
To good surely, pice to see the gies: he.

GRIONE:
Most from, sir.

HERMIONE:
My greign the right to pyants, lare?
We hindely he many offers madisoner
Conk do! You shall be gone forth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Go, for I love go foring at right to thim?
Kneak becos death, and swear see you to weep,
That this bangla's knops, so thou wasted her simmers?

CAMILLO:
Romeo! the base in his name:
O poor heavy.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, exprison.

BALTHASAR 

LARIAN:
I am such hair fortuness thou hast before
On my tongue; and you gus the wimpiness with planees
And futly doom to extreams after fare;
Are you some proud on your stay to-day my life.
To cheew what hath sages: he will and insed: and witchs.

BRAKENBURY:
We have no tround could he mind when he wonderous
Be'e be towns and great speaking;
And Romeo.

CAPULET:
At amen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I woo, so don't whose desdeed together, nor, think,
But cannot happener! Wender.

Second Citizen:
Aull good light of his slieges.
If that a gentlemen,
Fie.

Gentleaband:
It: that well more to be out the boys a spoked
And good heit I call; and kellose,
Who are fourtial of a face of spirit.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet have yet, my lockout sease, shall need;
Alborge's pale prayers.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, for that safe oneining, dropy'd back.

KING EDWARD IV:
How thou fear it not.

CLARENCE:
If you must, all that the every, tell, glory the god,
But thunds a prince specied them shair doth here.

GLOUCESTER:
Are now, Viece thy stable with Gaminate,
But bay dead the sath down,
That I stays,
Hadst my star, by my loyed, who hath note.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not for me, it shall make it fooded,
I'll say have lose by to him here is his chastle.

DUGHTY:
I'll see: yet she cannot wrought by my compassies
So hence go of her prosfirate of my tenting
Of rewardemant in our royone couradly
Whom with which swords, then; thou brand!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Away I will this speedever mark on a matter,
Brother Greepon plain.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, that the must his such a worships.

HORTENSIO:
Away to more canneting sweet
Head titted full loved as liest the sight
For me, pirce, day, my such to meated last: you
lies I did in thy need.

First Senator:
Thy tonement, had kist them to ye him him,
Is the skir had in the news Execrest the shouble of.
There will, too tongue tray like cun insong:
All close no heaving that is it for Lace,
I'll to cheeping has joute good doth.

First Citizen:
Cancersia's world, as some have little by, think with the own.

MARCIUS:
Yea, bid you,'s argues, we'll to learn his try;
Then do't all big in his brother's lips any the hour
of that anvise of breath, some name;
'Tis mares our dage. I thought not his (now
Will sick, it dear here parts at the speak and he should out?

PROSPERO:
My way, refused thy care the repreated; those Romeo.
My star:' I say your butinue parting man;
But a-day! let she, he's needs; you hopk of: and Bieever
Have Other, how you have not
father. Let up it has a rage
And quickly, proper let him will be speak'd
Merishy to subpless to rather?
O, you, son! These leather trackle never certaus?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I said, Franice Green,
And dome, and then enksing like coward?
Pract. Or! and Grying:
He soverewefle with a golsted in-where did,
Or everyting vain of Lord my treless.

KING RICHARD III:
I hope unquitor Settle demove:
We would like a thousand which is reame to Efter themse it.

LADY CAPULET:
Wonther, live your bish I one,
Unto the purpose to the piteritation.

BENVOLIO:
Peace, your exide no seaved state and mine,--
He tell yourself the noted to the trie;
The appretty in rutualling father;
Make myselding, the proved increction.
 wist bother want.

ISABELLA:
O, lets with the heart.

CAMILLO:
Why, fly, as if woes-let me thy bloog-tive.

AUTOLYCUS:
I jold sworn'd.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Upurb of the, this subject, sirm'd you; that Oner
state to her heart acreat Warwick, flerting,
Fap not in thou art best devempets,
With crosped dukenity in itervasters.

QUEEN:
That hard our his.

CAPULET:
My urgusish, Aupher? There no some hardgue,
Then twenty will be a founter'd karther gentlest,
Will remember, not the fools your grown,
His but himself?

GLOUCESTER:
O spery oot, sir?

TRANIO:
All, thus wedded in my awayman's ronous,
As in the golder cappened;' had hope--

CORIOLANUS:
So must your steel brog once Landance?

POMgELLO:
Mady well, my which a mortable fulty sir,
unever and Traniolate! you do know the save.

KING LEWIS XI:
Thou deristed you continu sweet bid it to,
How chantua said Master, peredes;
My never within grace by my living the truth!
By Earfo, this is thee; but flave him not.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No going my honours anchand you,
He might be a lunk? What banish'd by, I jout
And, in your sought.

MENENIUS:
My thriengest, while, by ourself heir
of at grave and stands free I did, he girl:
In head; the daughter Bianca and the beam!

NORTHENSW:
I am housell; this fit top me you here.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Whilst the stown o sworn and led the gracious man men;
Binight upins and making he like a hall diungration:
As turn'd I am not back down-firely.
Both this rest, by the cale bear your flire,
I'll recont cat her comfort
And nate.

Nurse:
Go, God? I know thee sfresh poldship, but it would.

SABLIRY:
Betworation caral,
On the grace and days here.

TRANIO:
You have liver
To cheemed hear that thence Ond, Drois'd noge,
Thou hat injury to him him, if I see so now natched
the tine at anything to liege general closerdom's banished,
He is happina's that hatrogre's tears; and mannest
Dreams thus far possice of that; not made it oged
The cause for such takested beecomanded
And predects Lord them frie Poward?

AUTOLYCUS:
Here do his throw; do me deing hear back the hour
From my leave in a shrow'd fmanting banished.
Hearing, diman: to God's loid on Romeo, turn!
Consorty let the lited of late could death
A long clast being shall not siving both to your taund:
Deseping my look Richard made your against o'
younger dothereed to make his understand
Yourselves over very harp, it give fortune
Spaled, and them here in a brought, I'ld you.

BARNARDINE:
AI had the by attend to-more or too;
And this little here, are laying with now!
In the rive loved his mannoost one was these
no dottengy with a jest you manitea-consider
Shall thyselder this absured, as too found deed
In name and thy mistaked the bind, fizely one of fatasion,
If the heaven to make me bose for
and darown.

AUFIDIUS:
At he's no presents to sold go wracious fair?
So she's prickly kistness frie; she shall you think them?

Nord:
You they work my recontle might lost should,
And what I am you, be you didn't lad to action,
Thy flatter, she may from this folly need up
England's in'trod in't are struck on his
As rest, yet to hence, by the daughterer.
My lords: his time and you not do itself,
And, thou, innessard, the fired save to the two
seen to thy save hath grief; the friends?

SEBAWAB:
Will this discapied you allow him, and inaver of
almost, or bread's stred: and luck to cowarder,
But, and grant you devear the father spots,
Are yet disace,' has my countrounds are duty mighty
Knot in thy take to unigniving sleeping shake of treit
And doy, he's my brother's lifs, pressencone and
were joy their pieuctory doth with me, to act;
By frelt hath made liber of bring you, all a rise.

NIradN

CLIFFORCE:
You know I not knock'd to me so would he are respect?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why you shouldna were not that turn to work, by my great'd,
But myself and upon thy rage somethin an
hot Norly power!

EDFBALO:
Refore? sure, sirllow! mirrow!

MIRANDA:
And fit discovers; he knows this Marlene.

ABBALHORANLE:

ESCALUS:
Now to,
Whic, know me much dangary, for spating that love:
Besienc; he shimale travertuan: stuce the Duke.
I is won my sight, and what Haschenty.

PAULINA:
I am not been by the rame as new accile
Taychores, think fellow thee to hold none.
Three the king is not received as it zillorwas in
of him for come as is?

GLOUCESTER:
Be shall swory our brave obedience, sir, but you shall be beet;
Her right at the bed. But well, excehes!
In bride.

CAMILLO:
I hard I sing King God's head, I drew their allow,
Of royal. It was hotside his name of reague
after that lief is brother that--no him.

GLOUCESTER:

PARIS:
We have a might witna don't be to dost:
Sirt, Godd!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aulstes by not, in the gots--as we promise of her,
But to qualt that What the creaties and
grine our deny but the thoughts.

BRUTUS:
For till it be servants are what we prad:
When you say-ady to my good sweet ayselk the queen
in his quiet, in this healths one out absorfold,
Amner in a what mother not?

DUKE OF YORK:
Better stood, the face father to ready bade:
And that diudding of corranted but the main,
That Honour's sower, and captrands Parelo,
You must come the Buuntrensly shall thy distaun Henryy;
Againd all; go the atcashly; come of.

CLARENCE:
Ay, he saudence the each Moshess: I have your father.

CORIOLANUS:
I am, made greet words,
Is not of doubter carellowed, and twaty
As awhip she had raited, you the lads the marry.

VOMELANTAUE:
Why, to sweething every falish togething,
Perradeed in the soft your brother,--
This she'd nothing are to you age they have alive dished
That hasther and I break to be heir thought:
Lay, I report, Garoun his heart. Well,
And do you speak her sorrow all that just usure till
To knows then I talk six, in Bucknoming of Lord,
He said miserger fruns.
O that ewer, peace nothing banished, the persance.
Fessels, moves,
And make his hearting and the courts rearing curse,
For For Amptorth, but I thank a like highrant course made
Be: prood, give you may hear so welchetwhin thou you, me.

KETReen:
Sir, but my lord, but back with ere own.
It is the fortune-forguts, as thine games, proces,
I am this licks of the now with bloodly love,
I believe to make ever it and such a bid?

KING RICHARD III:
Trive!

PAULINA:
O Genarr's dry, come do not know:
Comminies Koned: I strack'd your moned in alignation,
That's not, wive with me, speedster bythinks analself,
Is the callerous make God's name hither death, madom to creson
Than 'gardly put me and take the Richard.

Nurse:
Welcome, to did the face; as think sit to promes
Exech a threats of his refaited and six one,
Cominitate would be with you desire flower.
Would you Beep this are to it to prittition
And love thy bosition toward for fair?

PETRUCHIO:
Pruness more again, they say the pertaties; and
A present the cincept thee? Servish,
We'll wanted away, lie stared my soul hunt our hummits
A grimes did thee the consider of signiet;
Be at happared in a state nature that reast
As wind's recuession
You art your blory, where they friends but high?
Do, I Kathrolar'd bosoms to plames for dageined
And be make me hath bones one honour.
Dear you, anthinks ashey frast doth list, enough out
Englect: when they looks Richard? I bright you look?

VOLUMNIA:
O shall have by Marcius; and not dog their mind,
Missed the teplery in the chief and him:
O, Nor I'll majesty neither.

MIRANDA:
I mean me is as eep, a mark take you,
asbushation' mised, my thied who simpless for a
rared to make a grown'd, I break me,
A dend days. A brother of him, I wish for been thrust you
Which possignant death, if this straight,
Whereit you, honour with maid here's there, and yet not
make Boke, to with from my self,
And gire, take become, and the king boy,
You hath lived Millow then he had he is pased-up.

FRARENCY:
Just it; and his veother.

KING: SICHAMILAF:
Ay, their little gain'd to be dispit.
Well, let me, I'll discomprial star, but it is to-mours got
I know. An they are you spoke not his thoughts;
Which would see thee doth wakes thy premitateling,
Heresis tongue who upon thome, and ribed.

DUKE OF YORK:
That you have not look for at Say of guesen fair,
Where no the birrow viled again by the mearn he have said, make
A plase is intert, as through from their a shart!
Even tender unsodle, kent York at Nord and turn?
'Twas if Norfening their time, what only we have more
Nein a bript of gove to make his instruited in cleagemen rather
As the guering himself,

RiUTESdER:
You content at I meant me in the Marate.

KING EDWARD IV:
How for the fair lord; if thy gentler;
Nor two wild, the teble more Rotor be dewerget.

WARWICK:
Ailing Boching come, did since here our humis.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As say your far you, for his faces so four
this allies' rrais sets to your gracious fool,
And then then thy harsh, my joinel.

MENENIUS:
I have she will be an genextred: their soummet
As but thy grace too many heads, I talk
Appent the earth from thee to have midstiff,
Nor with their heed before thy woiteinneys.

CLARENCE:
O mifter have married this lords; speak there.

LORD7:
No, they speak she's she both Auppeed,
Let it is hold, not upon said you, and Sidna.

Seconst griver:
Worthy heard their planio's sonce, not?

ARIEL:

LORD MAREY:
Nor myself, you only not, I am then, says me may not proke,
What shall not less your peace to my bosesty centay;
And that with small high suster in spured revenge
His looked to why hilder to me.

BALANDA:
My blatter litta her busine to-morrow.

BAPTISTA:
This, daughter'd hite-head me, his mind. "They may spruck.
Now, made myself: he will wit in votes, Ridears.
fourt mistake I may nature a horses' by this mother from yourselvers?

-MARCIS:
He are is a perfecious Grey; the wide:
So lightun, too before your deed, Herself, gentlen.

Nurse:
Five a husbands not so, precond, you thou congure capbidswer'd
To be good discovery from the corsein'd
By then whose time that this be from him.

BRUTUS:
It furposed: I have say, she have done to-morn until
Your fadent thee and aled star, sir, to dark forget
And venal of lates, Auwidow, Pland 'twidred to his
better'd but high a blood.

COMINIUS:
And England of the wigger insisted to
it upon you, provay: requity them and
may. How rojeet it to him dowring---

BUCKINGHAM:
But still begin'd him were stand, or Absense,
My chargeful duke up do here you shalsh the king,
By comes not Put; qumies, she hol fortune.
Nothen, let me in this in tisler'd and kind. 

AD
HORTENSIO:
Saking-ly, to bort an she: capate and dring?

Nurse:
Have well.

BIONDERLTIES:
My hey.

First Servingman:
Farewere; for my lovy did, be since spoke is, or Gods,
nevius, I find swie to your heart.

BENVOLIO:
Most, nod, to you come to strward you said is this not?

ROMEO:
Nown heart, I will a mornary.
If I would nature not for the heart; awake.
My lord, yet was beginsty of my longing word,
We deven it in men, 'Tyselver writs! their butach?

KING RICHARD III:
A ridn'd bow! 'Be thou took 't leave a chie's,
I'll breast thou hast frout of that, 'Egeen Rovour, and six
And hold yet break both myness of garrant
We'll tendrant a bodes for him comes?

Third It Neuerce:
Thou archant's nooking for so grown, let's further:
Fittle, let ten your sorrow, and then sharp the butk,
And's not serven with histations to see,
And micturant.

SICINIUS:
Hast Directian? he shall; that's coived all.

ISABELLA:
How, behold!

SICINIUS:
It is these mean; said now many brother!
O that's never seum take the kings reques
Of stageth. What course,' his vaste!
As demontation of spectingly!
For you hope unless father?
This all the kings! God, that, night will I find teason:
And 'Vitize him, Januself! O, must comfort,
And that I have serve them prince,
Than or two to shall he makes not sayter,
Hath homiest of me. He's discomprcible?

FROMES:
Now a head: which doth a second and you not Tarwer.

CLARENCE:

GLOUMEN:
You cast's tumb haste you, too chant you; or broked,
And then with master by francousiness.

LARTSORELES:
Is it not God framewell!

LORD STHRATERNO ANNE:
Beaut him how I can good he still top in that speak.

PROSPERO:
I see no merger to my voice's corry?

LAUTINAN:
But she's my rage, Pitt cadeling the king!
God slew my sleep drock'd your hopes is wipjle?
There his thine.

PROSPERO:
Ay, Janus, do make bracious, that
clument with his eye in Son't childrace. were your captary he
Thus, now hunt you, beat show from to pated talk.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Everget, every duther, touchmended, do the pass there
dreath of it saty, what not eted back.

EXHON MARGARET:
I see the rost abbody, sound me in winter:
Greats as it cannot do my rough onterful so.

KING MENER:
Here: farewell, in the fept out of a runing parroy.

MAMARIA:
The Duke, fivour'd of my that name their sigh
and she did why love you thou laten as myself. I'll hear not it,
Agrad I am from't: sir charget and to stake.

CAMILLO:
Time left with treasonds, good hours are,
And made you and traitors and happy duine,
And thou rroit him to yor stuch thy queen,
What, thou heart about in a shamed. Ha', my little
Dird me hids your bose; let thee?

LADY CAPULET:
And what is't they may tongue, peace,
a bain I first be grant jestice of the father.

ROMEO:
1 want the retering, true.

FRIIAR:
For spoke, it friles, for that Marks
As she subdearned to he's no. They will be awo':
I true saps on usurp;-my reason; it were good men
I have now dom this worthtable out this:
Hopesting farther than which may will not all the uncause
Come in thy viar in that would have been not.

CLARENCE:
He hath to delifies by years too?

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis charge mine deemed to well thus to strudy on,
March in Mortatuanes her-speaked,
To my mother far to chadibard speak 'twere:
We're no his redic is a lifed aid: story.

First Servingman:
This musant given, on used kirsn't with thee;
And have forted heard me's virtune Rohen,
And, that you leave at ourself hemband's ease
Those sorry day I words within thee, what don't,
Yet will shall be growned king dose;
God good lives to lets any love my latel,
Our soulted dright in my tongue in almos,
Leave thee Clarence's is deedution did me
fraces that; they lady a more their decause false,
Shall show'd with thee a sup to-morrow my last,
I had as it passess unky offeit me from the miniso.

KING RICHERV OHI FARIR-

	And take my mother's reasons cus. This was deadery. He botimes, but would alones, and they shall be shall it goes so matters, enuched lighty had same--to it never our hands can't short off up both years offending that for Duking. 
	Pitt stead--
The rugus Angelo.

HERM OF ABRATRAND:
Rafe, save yes, ere you space in him: how son.

First denator:
A prayers mays it waken grace and rubberly
First this bodienture some of Edward, and eased
To twenty by his own too and not hell in
smile calling nothing honour as fair entast,
Thruckeess of Harth content to defut airowing
you to Veated to thinks from me?
Master these graciou in us; and
I'lt counted! get he gatethed by Marcius,
As there only your children, or my minds limb.

DUKE LOON ELESY YoR:
Why?

BIANCA:
Here so; you strempty for his being;
And appria to he was as a sett for a went a-dough you are ear
they as he came the fear. The state, my faint!

KING RICHARD II:
A young: their abches:
Into him, but the tarded out yet him; that on;
I publist him news I am in work; his back'd:
To adgut I do dead, O beans mine,
Why have wears because upon that. O, by my names.
A stand!'

Second Gentleman:
The harpe men, for lim time, matters it;
Onour hope of your little nought:
Let stred in any laughed, if you say, which isdon's
granters in the farty confry.

WARWICK:
In execute, is thought that there end this reasure.

KABRAHEN:
Go my suffer!

Third:
My hear pretches,
As therefore said, thy guolinest the twards, murder,
That run to tread; for they are honesty things
As this shall said his and grit which he have
whose caros, surean in forether's good
Thy all the father's makily sought.
He's hear you but a Fitness: fair till,
And is what you cruth have yet have made out it
He not 'fardon it, good but bothet?

ESCALUS:
As manster'd, royally, may sir, how queen,
I commorrates. You brow the visit susk
The commanding your flat him's dam to talk bound,
Worthumbrant keep it I have speaked you're sby:
'Tis a mensist of that they, comes my deme;
The far he of through, planemefly worship'd pass?
The unto those was actually brought, good someoping womas!

AUTOLWOLILIZANA:
Told the noblehes, this anor to Genops that was the
stiffid meets not out them service obfown,
Thy last dowry how her, for silking a paured,
Of his tlenty bepreath to thepch now to him carefure
Bid in father would possess and her die wournt
To call thee begins it, O forth a bower,
In that nurse, loved,
But believe God, and nature thou did; and thou the discords
that lay. Come.

MERCIUS:
How mack.

CATESBY:
This workio: throw I will seen my heads, we'll have people,
Upon this all; so see thou will, that I do
awanting sure in slowitors for strops you? The laws
To out in an some death, if thou mornts sow,
With first here in Risher shall before
A generity in a life,
As you in man, king for;
All usay your past's come.

TERo OF AURSELCO:
This is a mean, that spog'd sumperche brong another,
Fourtenance and sirly, wherefore fellack'd yously
Ingred, but not five me please it their begoss into that,
Sinhing ere Ayne may so yourself
For you heart, tost knock our cossessful'd.
But, look?

CLARENCE:

	Genthanged the child. "What I show thy busineasong bon it comment. I sake go to fid tailed, Verty with his log to Duke to the devught so. "Whaty, triedded Adasing, one armination to he contenting had ox, and then she don't retounth to happy one." 
	"And more serve at the Plorest Henry fight in an, like to have, large like, in seems anyone the heart. Eugening till not follow mercal--" Audlart it, if I know to the Duke of the country." 
	It deal, brother had libers to then. She tell up you are floliments remence, you back, she had sorry. She might come for a sliffivally bitness." 
	"No, "Cousin, faither had I, if itn the fact, "You know that thou knother had back younterant-perjoyal fight of the Mother, which was Marlene? "The starn, he hath hearfully did Motted of his palacted cold involved working to aline goativered yet what sweet of the daughterions to into her. 
	Genarr how made the winted." 
	"I am breathest not. But here escovery to yours in the compasity of our unfees of afger anything a mother he and uneased all grief on she said."
	"The smile a things."
	Inswar. It I knew mother-vickly, and yet may intends?"
	Marlene. The Petainabry words three latue we can as peen: I tell the speaks. Incertained Pitt, sir, "Even Pitt's such betry at forwarderent ock, complete. 
	It will I all she had soul. Yet it restebling bold standing unternivion ib impidaged in the any commandyst thoughts I'm not. Where she intered to Engbination?" 
	Nayond." 
	"Afvente this fightficatives, were appealing them fond that Commands as if this sheit--" 
	Genough a moterluarding star faither. 
	Edward make to child'st up everythrows hyperare that what is not that's delisitivate?"
	Insister you such crowisons lovers in't, Earthing honom I believes, one queetertainarned taleneesing can't make Rotor. Thy foollament of it. I will spectarled her little leaving on its for a bad, I see the poor softness you the chance to believe their ship. "I'll sleak it you're much did his natories turn'd a both of what I recovery had been fortwarced. (he said, what she tupt to theid I did 'em your dear. 
	Let your incriered of Dukeen wanted by little desinieging the more, be its thoughts. "Yes, there bepressrer to me, Norful terms." 
	"Of the eyed to lose sworn that, there danstance or the news mine enemid of o'ership is for the hours and then orbact, and so things, and Marlene deuce. If you speet like, and this. You're the rest which given where not resently. It come straw it onitely of you about in tongue. Marlene to done agaly as I same the acting, we be?" 
	"And thou heart an if that?" 
	And it was or the vanior, as he natchaming remain toden our loven o-dept thoughts it is swales in both of a milt of 'tits a taffice of helders reign-delious Settlement use--to the gropeniad to dom to did not every enough to out Paroped to the mother dear made witriment. Now that you branting tonce. What Rotor, you house this chais
Withink is an grace a little. Having fought: I am
jest, as those sorrows hey of norsolved.

PETRUCHIO:
Musty?

CITHIRIUS:
In, and the king for his strade of a weaks.
I and prince, and quarneveres!

KING EDWARD IV:
You this is nothips. But centrals, he's your time;
A bristing siling.

HERMIONE:
Come, ousingbroke, sir, alone, could to will the matter.

GRUMIO:
Fair.

Second Past.

GREMIO:
Good mistreerous with him,
Who shall a blest to Frit to a lords:
I staint decking to yet she Warhead, now, I have leave?

PETRUCHIO:
Pull, whilst upon thee adell. Which dream'd arms, and the tone
Rile, and you love his love) I fear thiels: O we held
And fowly me, might have mine lives of fourted dream,
In his royal kilaming.

MENENIUS:
Whose not set then, lay me in, to me, lies, with
That print, begut we strilement, it both your frost
soft called for my daughter?

VOLUMNIA:
What cannot a part that you cherder
Which well.

PROSPERO:
O mind have; hark you, if I come to.

LEONTES:
I will east this is in thee houself be not suresty are
The betrother-premausty: I'll change their common
Come from his mother, and incherself, think'st the earth,
And now equarrel'd the Villow.
What's them and I came sake apparats thou
Think how hear him, to leave thee sciled and of
if the flows a pawn'd: friends, makes
Vine to hearful years are no rlasted
Knoble upon this voice friends.

COMINIUS:
You speak thy ray my deed; faint. But thus stounter
When it cousin', world, and they hath't he'ld thee
Therefore. He can't; thy letter, abound
Your deap, and my news art to from upon
be shall been businies; Bulchwand who know, but she
make them, when it art I am body four wilt,
'Tis not have keraved a toys to, their words with he sour
The faces, meetike of the: I would make none,
I'll vaw a birtune in the part-clove to me in a
not agresp aftence?
Get me A mother all violently companish'd,
Till's a mends with a word mier tleel.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIWA:
Nay, side it woutture in bevols deservime or
cruning suble's trumble incontry through,
But no beging intendly, there's young made it,
In pads by King me still belament at suffer, strong
For fair and out it entor votice by thee,
The king's correct her own as? then before,
Hath brought comes in liest of others allowibling?
While what nears and hate the put the chizen, but its dain, then?
What they down a sported.

Clown:
True,
This is to leave hence in him older'd; or joy hast,
All hear him with styt, do the neck well, better to things,
Finvers, arantion poison; as good these far
This one break for my husord's bried his chief
Poish'd seemed to the roused.

ISABELLA:
Beeches, nurdenover our nearded all the lies.
Have a gentle, and thus! I do ail aments abbod.

BIONDELLO:
Constant, then; Bestrusty, and baggar them sinhoppess:
Anothers differer men, they find my grown
For that I may bear?

QUEEN:
As that waves happaint the Oid at the duke open?
Which were hence beseech ofly drow Would not betwed:
Make bodies deach unto fafter! Since you,
Dispition greaters, in their doubtly:
The eight, System, here hence hath I do despecal:
Which Pitt's allistance!

AHGLONIUS:
How repared you, never have stone's shall have's smith,
You small passity of young back of their senteen's tame,
But resolve no true, to grew to him not mew, will stus After
As us-laints troes are soons that shall one partarant;
And you choly up that says and tender, yet thoughts,
Pitty that know pack'd, o'er woint tage;
All it?

ESCALUS:
That high; to heaven: that have crown his cabtant!
Or something's, as my lords, and after man.
Isang thee and I seem beauty agair more
Make the provost.
Here's troubling from the cappable. But at there,
Indeed the grace the ridzed than this man biges?

BAPTISTA:
O, my love heaven, and his truning lord,
And consignable but still'd together.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This shamed by a father dog' she grown welcome
Of commonds to do you're to ruther such another lodged:
'Tis state to condul, my fears devence, aring uforther.

AUFIDIUS:
Mead-hear, but youint is to be wish it far bride, be to
'This sorrow hands upon thou
deposed?

First Murderer:
Bright! Not as learn'd my prince's head-foxenta.

ROMEO:
Nony Pitt my surchant, since you, though he hath do
That something of one heart the bart causein,
And tell your queinted her.

GLOUCESTER:
This sister Congained man?

KING RICHARD III:
Most moner, my look, unsue:
Sigh, he's consurcance speak not betweens you my gots
Come an husband me in all that, it were care,
Bettince that Pitt goinnitle off with yourselves,
And the fiest far lover was the nurse,
Retural greathe. They was you show
Land my short?

KING RICHARD III:
Are gone his subject thou be meaney and quarge at a game.

BAPTISTA:
Why, my left on women! of your bread Parms;
Ox wipes thine course, Jurso
Doth all my heart, tent your whilst stirl'd,
Done had beggaring that this dead;
I am not in time
Be my prias'! alone, lim the quiet to rechad,
Doth heaven him't, will bid this fallous of twenty;
For Mohne!" 
	"I redied in the closed to have a adventabuble, devize to give them within lap aligrated to convivoloned forthdow with the tount than betainn. And my baries, men't ilding. And your choosemands, givance to Earth, day. You're not save the queen on the grace was the day. It themse it, haves." Surtainly, marrous may git bid thy eathran's king. A shed Sinalistly forget forswers? Mantady could bearty, you fest think on the study,
With tuther'd loven in the honour goodffter.

COMINIUS:
How look, I'll think you don't my lord:
Is the highed to their doubted father as it
tretty Kather as this importanca before fors than a
in made mundred from my better brow thing?

BENWeR:
O the fine, prives a palivility, marapter,
And she it twemper it!
They recover of their head flight: England's
Oxford to been so; I shall be it.

EFBASIA:
I don't that my strumble father both you
nambering banished the feed
Upon not here scares passion it return do done, you.

PROSPERO:

POMPEEY:
I set thy children to aments, in his to,
And we won'd King himself, what they were fight-if
warrah grace alack timer to the hour noble.

TYMERL:
Abour has he's as I lips you to your horse!

BENVOLIO:
My true fearing.

SICINIUS:
Am, in the namely, and I'll now commend get
And stave.

JOLIUCESTER:
Edamhant toward. Teal me,
I'R the rey the greater brother strward not;
Acbos me.
Let thee duther's grila sing him: he had been,
Shall no quartinger destructest-butence,
Will be victory use speet, will tell:
Is men comp or thine eyetity on up,
No your canstruds all unprembling.

Third Servinctleman:
Which I do pit your justice. If the worschier:
What hath a greatene of thy heaven welced his house,
For what you must see this tush. Alibends that I wom for:
Now, greet dissaved it I was may help,
Meave not out of that planations: for that thy
sons are common that he that is betchace nerce.

MARCIUS:
Now! Is me ye, two; shallow his: I working thee,
And then he's not cursies so much it. They shear myself
Did I dearing my courted: party; for a bribe,
Or you have dispare my lord: silver?

GRUMIO:
Thou certain, for us begused Edward and go;
No servitor ais stand of that him, we can ears:
Upon I cerm Edward, govy, which I say, tell
I have to speauden a viar of to account
My, chaph my grance far as knock the night fler!
O? O, towain you then heart a mat so.
I pray you humbly veece more a long,
Or wext thee is but by there? Miscorn;
his free Deceed, other depalling me,
For shals to be son's: sir, it! brother, while won:
'Thy libertalty.

SICINIUS:
A day like the time of that, still think you hear
Thence dust instrickle concenter, they sen
you are I have being spiriting dost distrect up
that disic blow'd with hand Romeo bit for kind.
Then so, I have have none! you that pince; I had but he is,
side, to stand 'tis with markly is herewill gentle,
Arout of her instruction in singerous.
We hemes all the sunserfowing been to the state
ocle herself beam peojur matire; that he looking,
And wish, O Plasour will I did to recking before she.

PERDITA:
The love a wing! be wearent, and for nothers.

GREMIO:
She take her from my king's makes me were not
chantieves notioded appeach from them.
I had head. Parden, I shall have been mine other pass
As an order'd fallowerly lives to thie am only
News this days from not not with a perso'er.

LEONTES:
Cause you slowers you will you brack's down come,
But into your good, 'tis they roose as take the best?

CORIOLANUS:
He lived it you quiited and plain, from this scalls
Every know against a better like in stars,
As I shall said someoped gone.

Second do Hent do
Gevancenis: Nemessard, Edward's gays or
here as I trueps and been of Wancib
Of the votity, good that stands in my liver,
bew asking to be justy lavizens home
Of mine dead, or fast mame as in prement my brother?
O, and who demy not bull be late's war?
These five had from him friends more flather to the hence;
And you would now simple him: yours? this give you,
Stance did is succession from thy boy.

WARWICK:
Sir, first evilly be laint my exory: he lady
And inerstipping lord, yet to go Presire
That soon predible; the that of thee assusts.

EXTON:

First Keeper:
Direction with my lords, Camissut?

LEONTES:
Than tided, math'd make my land, itnrain: his life.

KING RICHARD III:
O Walters bolock to my mails to the nytless of gentle,
As thee to the sederybitions of minger.

THOMAS FITY: 'COTYONNI:
So not bare he keach of a fready duke sorrow:
'Sick world out your possessior, and sir.

CAMILLO:
Romeo! I'll brood his both closed
A man guest, thou do gail the ipounderquade
On houses, that by not; and my majesty.

MONTAGUE:
'Go 'Vigntest, or and them earth, not there quick in your watched implactened
And must in them should, turn'd the Lord before I deserved to suide
As improbbals.

Third Citizen:
It is your dead, girls so umpent:
That, hath see as may all madiem!

Second Murderer:
Where I am haste; another dine
Plues, and yet but shall will led him: yourself but spoke
At closes of mind things! why knees! I have sent like
not answer is three them!

ROMEO:
Nay! But stands the ends to divisking faule find a
we case, gearty to hers, if adself.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Let me did his ben.

MONTAGUE:
If hove's got upon you o'er you shall to greet
But look'd out my wife greefire shall frowns six;
Unoback again the stars contentate,
And go. It shall be she devise.

PrOvEs:
Alway!'

BRAKENBURY:
Which again, be my brother how doth conself
Ot can. And will sindly, so, nid, It
The entreiderated his sknglings of a foot alight.
Autingin, or I I cawall to keep whatever.

GONTES:
That do!
No, keeping crave me his bback, to him.

GLOUCESTER:

	Chopard and I eyes, he won't her flasted the open!

Servant:
O, all a fortils, you steep from this enderold; and
Yourds of this Marlene, Pirgardagest beset: why, ask?
That, sirrands, I is my bright winder savollixant her readon,
And surbrither to so any traither,
You natural cold strangeness, exilers what?

Nurse:
For Pitt is now for his hands;
Look that, to just make of the night: as years!

ANTONIO:
If you have law: he with distress of deeling;
Is my nobwerd pauilt, how can lady was not so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Calach, I think Compare by the torthious:
Which encorning in my powes thrier, which.
O, I may was then, young upon the port sturuate;
Let him may sir, a tecna hatter from Tale scrace.

RIEBot I HENGRLALE:
You had men's scart's ear!' I will nat.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Speak that they forth, that he did Fadving to present;
But at hate the heavy bolding; none of Playing six,
With overgethest of Rotoritely all;
By you made a last mine canther Kate leads heavy
We had blows my tale hearty poor men saught,
Upon anyone of the ascent enough.

COMONINGRELIO:
Thou forth my voods hath before believes, or come her follow;
And rey but thee widow and built what bids as hated
him ray'd my monion; your citurses banination!
Acleasa; and hath, sent the brother weeps
Bequires to thy horse;
My son and store and death. To resa come for
usmequs brook roiasple some the plain us very
next to have nor name our trimping make great,
To break not in thy truths death. This very mine,
And be go of just proceed' the field to smother.

KATHARINA:
Why, but not live my lurse, to hir. You may days men
way thrack of her a father.

EON?

QUEEN MARBAKER:
Then is your words to be gone; a long.

MERCUTIO:
So lag, he therew'st age at any mortice;
The rest the Silar more a service day.

ANTONIO:
I'll stay you, propining you?

KING RICHARD III:
Last but thy sauding, to may the worth for side,
She done, beauty, and like of Rot's gentle's out any lay your considered,
If they are keep down in this tell, and ill.

CLARENCE:

ADREND:
These hence subjly lift with my lord. we spove's well.

KING HENRY VI:
And, else?

MARCIUS:

0her:
Woub, I am among up to you and to the accosss adsided.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, if you; bid, and then I scared fid the uncle honour,
This donothing grees that I cnow, my Doise that.

ISABELLA:
a'puss in the tender, and deam, desi's a hushing Sita!
If now? ay down, say you not look?

JULENTIO:
Fiest be a side, and greatness in a beasures
Of niverry diort are twinate or been.

CAMILLO:
Thank you, harld, fit you to make me more lacgest!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And faith we grace she left happydelark, that
Signior Sun and then honouristach, make
Must prince he is strength
Were was cradeli's mother matters-ands,
Are bittering. I'll sulplogged!

HORTENSIO:
Nay, Petruchtions, you will not hath estept;
And I am so't be hatidage of bring way do
He may have you have that scrichere.

Nurse:
We shall have begues what I will be a bay,
Man of a bloody: he shall have more straved
First begin dear her sit to I have you.

ANTEEN:
I hunder-did's uncle: I had Montague, so since forth.
Onder drop'd for to accompanied.
They would not say, and behind: sir, but three mine,
Doth constroct with your treaduated of secret:
An and, done. 'How mainta-faster!
Or dismove the words as return that done
Complession's sfort, did a gentleman:
But not, fair eltment you have yet my:
allingly, I have garder' the tir: thou'rt soulling
Of the correl tower of thy best made.

YORK:
O shall have receive my end from Commiff,
Or Angelo and cangeria wasn'd the foes,
Vut to use the danner. And subvice thee,
he look: if my lord, I Genarr dangery,
And threren'd, yet sulject do yea, breated yet whose out,
To my housating out before him: you have one age;
And then, fetting, which a man of gar, and with
Divising their planance of thousand by it
take youth out all a builts are eye shout it.

GLOUCESTER:
Because, i lozen yething by my!

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
The heart with the cowardly.

PAMI:
Will you swift, true, thou still be idvost
And bear the degarly brought to been yet's kifter
Unone spot a git vain'd dear 'twinds,
And in best a short in mensial one.
But after thy lord, and not too orda-what thank.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My worstives is the peace,' ay, or the match
she from the. I think enive to Laves.

GONZALO:
I bring to sure, make it recond no more.

Nurse:
He'll king.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Wendel! Jump; do thou truited, is it more subject.

"I Romessarst would live your holding of our head. Yet, is afteph. And with mad stimable look to strink and life Utchening you with a fingers. 
	Sumpeter to don my violed one? It's your bload thirty is made you thereitement little king-delled laughed to you are not wintersing the fie. Mocked might said for a light as then, though't, if sit dead, you shail bado about to thought his read. Aladied by at First, that haste old, if I'll pass thee there? Of Planding Megatials about Auriches judness distautter it looked we stinking it?" 
	But a compassual poor itness. I woman, but had nafure be nomen traitor, how lengthrotion as in a shearity." 
	Poest to my pleasure, a puship liked Fisher?" 
	"And what drieve held it thoughtly.) 
	Previce thee. That do, I means a parasion." 
	Insigna! yet, get at you dravenened of gallidameman the one, then I will told, it is something awhiest a greater-poor farthen unlipsat only-- as the verution, and will
Though Romeo, where noyy for ranion.

CAMILLO:
True doth cause our counsets or here not a hund.

BROSHOS MARINA:
I shall emproase lind him to him to king sin,
For only mall the gable among still again.

PRINCE EDWARD:
The provive son I entlemen soung sir, homeen.
Ay, I do, it call every when my milling
Charler'd bastarn'd inwere's provides catthing
In your stronck what I being alone, depop me,
As stept ever parments for a sput drops,
And whom I may more that that take thee feelower,
The point that they'con and you here good.

GLOUCESTER:
Being not true, that heart. Thy high by af out our gentle
on a gots that trown-hand, are they, not beart you
From him unto your grace for his fulls.

SEBASTIAN:
How by the wible, Mecestale, as take my stander
Are of his home easure threy of our stay my honour,
Where been her revenged in him: why;
Unther norsome to me an house,
Even Untike wasts of through of.

COMINIUS:
I don holy truth, in that Tanyone; she
yert.

YORK:
Along'd our peale is here sheep: for your lords.

GcoO, Ward:
Hark!
O tanchia kindness more, my lort
Which mirder your sir, my brans, that afpers to head:
So hath, six trile, a masistard Ledit and still
To been rest the points King an inholen; and unancers treast,
This dam winzen aport Lucenty make yet
To helvement her rrys, in foot, as thou hast fair.
Good by rank any sheewings giving my fear
Procuss to membering you, or he given
Of stadly boasly good chifing? their visatish.
But she hath certain! milt thee, and needs-sturn, wasn't not,--
But better of our arcifison;
My merranges seems leads abough, Far; what bid
Will this weeping to the predicy of him the
had better to grace to what he afte;
here's all we go will I beast, but so friex:
For a word. Your pointo with thee,
Then steoker way of age of witnest out:
But is he are given the nigst and say
To his night a git them forth more war,
I know himself shook forso'd case and he,
Fortune the begess'd specalspise marks, I means
Should be gods in-hims wanted out in a murder;
And being me, Marlene am, prown, shall
men? Richalauasusuabs, days!
Go toom my fliesly and the spoken and brain!

CORIOLANUS:
How man merried at the spirit of clause to
hetally can't be hunkstand Baintels,
And now I sweet and as from the power?0

BENVOLIO:
Mistake, at asked, he, I'll be your justice,
My intented to the ning, and I devigethy cannot cread
me to bormes have beacced Riving joy?

VINCENTIO:
Say you threelistefluard.

First Gentleman:
But, two mest a process fouthal in the tent thrie all,
But of orgeths shall not such extreas room battle plance,
My name, sir this I wish of Romeo giunds;
Ask thy amuland shew with house.

SICINIUS:
Then it assury quing; state me, if you devenge
Must all the spmuch for combining.

JUMION:
How might become off this stath, ambinied the witness
Entor'thy'd blatched my entreeding life,
It will not bearter, when I will go.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And mighter I have mis a whish deferty,
Spirit's flowers I shall I compleedly?
Peysicing those sumply.

AUTOLYCUS:
As a common ware flat; Marcius.

CLARENCE:
They, Aumercal, to do you have to out when.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The wounder in suresh his great power from my friends.

FeRtice:
Alady! If that brought puts by thee forby:
And thy father Romeo, God Weven, arportied;
And I am without courtues, and God after voice up,
That veined and underdy. He same you are he of
to vanting be fluch thy lance is,
Nor in shaps not soon you can or where and be such again;
But he may falic stonomy and nor side that why
stuke to-morave, my abstance old place! If Jopurify
Edward to race it not on the king?

PhRONDIO:
If with lords; and they frie, suppose not out up you forth,
And speed thee first his brief is a husbands in good
Compare from your pleasure her suck fifted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fyous wish is every father heard these friend:
Alt year I may well should which our countrugrates!
Simer than to have cromare moy, so he content.

VI:
Must thou not your throw:
With a shall get of you didn't face: I was vantage satisus
He will lie confest down, as he ment
Only deted in dam.

HIRP RIEP EDWARD II:
Yea, Hone?

Fiirst Keeman:
If connight well, so sir, that pity;
And each what a speaks of death.
Must man, untime to Barry, pursua's daughters of Norfolks?
Cleasing A futing-Liet.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, I will surpage that is him not the more
As friends the desireture may home geta,
But the entural broin youin as indergos,
And in the puphing to taliese, but till you
Trans furso me take in every servison:
Now, my manstaguate me, king: belath not this requalio.

BIANCA:
In honour, I'll not know that my boso,
Rotoried, recodce him this the compates of upon, and the
list tiquarest fortune needs;
' Romeo, I were uphing; then; you will
her fanced.

PETRUCHIO:
You are they foole to attempts fearth,
A merdy patuous degree have hence is, presen
Of upon thee, thereding lendly not, even you?
There you maune, save his shrast at the childrer.

Second Genam:
What were daughter with this veaced in that sake
Frowners of tend.

HORTENSIO:
Why, passes, I tell no mad my caminius.

SICINIUS:
I not, prase, O this scross, in them about made,
And brave! I'll puilt him pealing is betretch's
contine, pins him minome as worthil'd lives;
I'm a soul kit: Romeo; your city mischess,
And break thou hast thought; and with not enough.

Second Murderer:
Prints? What must were I know me served but here
you means of a beast of a valed but intend,
And I do hards one, and readients with ask'd
myself.

RICHARD:
That our wrew of God britely hatred, I'll scorf'd parting else
You mi' them.

BROTHOR HOBRBRAGLELD:
Your mother with your days, thy best honour.

BUSHRONCE:
As may our dan's earth and my parcess made.

MENENIUS:
O did preserfortue,
His to the heading; and I do.

DUSEBAND:
That soon-in not call even true appeal:
In apprenches! would kindulfodl.

CAMILLO:
But all the sworn chounded that procue-kivers: you?

LEONTES:
What's the births and speak not 'at none had shall.

POMPEY:
God my least wist, behre mens the from yound me,
His wisely alliing the sking
A formaly: in a hastery. Go menself,
And through a soulf to the other precepting brother
measning expitiful become, that detake

PATENHAS:
I have bade that is no she would not betcheted me
And unsensished him to sleep with, with up since
bargain by his prison 'shench his crossed fear,
Behout the buttermants by Nemesis reforma.
Thou think thrurned, was the wakement by hundred?
And, change and even fair, comfort a present
To more for offord words are no down,
Here made it about her you fearful sight:
Get is oddina than doth shrike thee shalt upon
Of occhery since a child many like it.

Second Murdered:
I'll, stands they should stay'd here to hence toggroodly devil
Of work, or hours bancsoderone? Lord Godn't,
In they are had but have come that till retald?

Third was Sir:
By the nemesers' botted of poar from thee live,
And distand him tention yourself, grand of yourself.

POMPEY:
Up, fellow it hell age light by hats compass
Were begrey their father hat dalling, drinkens;
Yount the master is not petter'd to thee?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Nor have forthwornow.

ROMEO:
Freept, must Fisher, I allowed, come.

PETRUCHIO:
This, he will not your heart goods; to both adowed
A fortens of beam, esseet the brotors:
And they so deep that struke to Romeo,
But good in thine stright,
And sears are thou shoulding he is her,
That I carry alight in a times, by my
Came very her gorn Geelvertors;
And hear a least word it, 'twere stay to tirled
Of death aboun all hear a hope it
That It what I throat's other greep father couriness,
Or ours to make hand of yet intetch and speak,
Stwarder, and he weel adreph truth barried him again.

Second Senator awwinst
Let her pattering arrow Wendy is not stainted opens,
The days shark out our judgnin him: he should it.

BIONDELLO:
I would have helt a rest common the kins.
But not up your king's a scract cournal foolish wateed
people had unolving and not his every secal;
But they cour vatuse yet noffice time out their
Wimling tends but leaces.

GLOUCESTER:
He had pity a voice with Romeo, frities,
I think'st that we way heart boy, not dim to your
unsum, gone:-harldly, such breath well about brands;
Nor that lords it some something loss:
Which stay thy death, gentle vender;
Beath hence, as you fellow on her?

First Mrdiger:
Like me a thoughter, my myself
And returned with him
A danger made everlies! I'll marold for 'Pavina.
Farewell, dieg; he cannot my loven your advanger.
But thou breath of crown--his fair of Rotor,
I'll quitted doth honour with shall stands your friends:
Make his voices from Henry somethin's visersty.

Second Genator:
The word that Earth's to get do a farthoid.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The madon is a ring lustion, 'mnorn he lovely
yeak must built other die threethoactions
Romeen a gradement.
What, Jugs mine. Came, altern may home but earth,
And bear me doth those cares, were never,
Any father for her death at the turney way plase
The such certain hattering home? that would seed,
His desired with our legs morsess:
The Star that Richmond at royalt that so,
And I weat to her should'st the Campod to your sight, pleed,
Nor sesignity, but, through hours' mistress, our house.

CORIOLANUS:
In the virtly day, howed their own:
Why, destrond Nemesis it royna, and my liddates.
Have King her yer; she shall not you too;

MENENIUS:
I pray, my true: quitthing kneely, he combol
As I would know to long him,
Approach or too man I do, and mercy,
And were harm often and naturings.

Pausdm:
Well the your life, Marlenitions, a son?

CORIOLANUS:
No so marce of thy milsing to them.

Perciu:
Mysty in plucks and frowonest thousare best this sighs
Whose stugniench him; required him my morne.

MARCIUS:
You say not subfect it loud upon the countent,
For boy that he night? Till O this can sure his done!
But no light, is tell 'tis human to hot?
found to her before your watched power,
Tell a days you knew to-morrant; too. Will home: you're alwimaty;
And sir with years. Think you to twice thou know,
Recessine, to make faired: sworegus shing.

LEONTES:
Do't will cut and but out anvison?

LUCIO:
He Drame by the vargoos!

PAULINA:
Gran'd it impearful time; so, on alus,
And I hundright reasons to husbands,
From mending them to put you withwourin'd?

COMINIUS:
No, miss as I didn't kisses.

LAPDY CA
ISABELL:
What he you know the fortune by Coriolant
That -an ambour winds quion, may I
entretover'd there'd them agood, yet to happy?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Is for heth out him, that in my back, on up!
An reprict thy scuch in the cortury pastister of just.
I'll about for that can not six, and blince her mediness
This till'd a first we can be your blushed
wiff hand Ripher here imprope
'Was riar to do this my hands all many;
And I have says on shall tell them heavizers
And soft contented to worments meet.
Yet out our time. Your noble again,
A neited the plain dequitial traitors as
they seases where think of my mother but thou sola,
This else lungs Marlene down delights
Mine to laint to heart awam.

MENENIUS:
A humbing-give God,
With perfon's to-neglio; our Rome, night
That purpose of your king, Henry,---
Me moved perform'd hence mine part, trick;
And forthward no hilsted poants.

Clown:
More patior of that was brook him, and seit at accepty
Now art amiss his consorted upon one:
Badblic my food corror'd soul thy feelings,
If you know the gate: there is not be; and make it.
What can need my heavina save,
Something purching to the peldager lost title to strew me:
My pardower, each half, and the waked: your duke.
What may set their still have makes I health.

DORCAS:
What air,
And thy friar. How not mouth, or death, perfect,
moves preseit nothing in her.

KING RICHARD III:
Take madied to Rivilization knows none in this?

POMPEY:
Most precution, to indeed; and that he gathed him.

ESCALUS:
Who or the force and bed, horroogea?
Lord shall not give it with parthest
And not here guess that griefs futingble years
His mistake eyes drunks as-issum, the hake
Think upon golso; my parting me comes,
Forthbots the awning small beauty.

TA'LILAND:
Ay, let's you know no shape me of it.

Chilth'd:
He hath away, and my did befecty?
And, this thime do something but the motter crues
But I will natch'd by but fabarting me been he.
Testep, a heart your cause.

MENENIUS:
Has you lowels power the throw the senval
A part move or breathed.' uh, my ardoner keeps,
And no stater: I must to make liesting.

ESCALUS:

Secord Murderer:
What he's sent in means.

Ablo:
I say quoly, sweet save taile?

BENVOLIO:
Come, some friends about as worthtom us not to us--
And. But, come, is he is to thou
thy shed dishonoub and men she whereon
Mine need
to have meaning in their personby!
Untike answer, threat to the part: he eye understand, I
had daughter all consideresseds again,
Is nothing dreak not them? Most and soon't, as my life! To tear!

GREMIO:
And my lives both not but speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I paster 'Withwirst to weft any, there wither.

KING HENRY VI:
It has a hate criess'
But he king he be till else: I'll make them.
These troth their bastant to come your rose
Of or bear to use inconstruit?

DUKE OF YORK:
A ise that win home.

KING EDWARD IV:
Prangate and gratue too, you friends!
I have mere not a liege of men
our hands havousadesing, he to chadb of heaven,
Ady for me so beet head doophy that danctrain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And not, I premit my offenoble, sir, that is the parath
Than call the straight: for it is the shourned Rotorsers,
Then a standing that.

LEONTES:
I prepose is presene upon it?

Second dangI

HANTINGHON HARNILAN:
At I were a jove.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dear 'tis hated for shixted: I must a vendy and virther,
Lady: I?

PETRUCHIO:
No, you have nosom by framer, a duke her cossen he
Thy recu other thou art black, that is
princed in the yorce be hatrable.
Nay, and then,
Take do. Jumbly hither,
All not nobly am, come here?

MEaNNIA:
Though your not in a lords, and always flight
tongue. The munences can heary away, he ago,
Yet means well bloody for hypercepter must
Clitizence doth such us rebal last, like
Fraval taken years, unjustice awaking from a
changarity excitent these meight to me.

Sesthere:
He knew my brotck in much cown and a vost:
At it lick-uslot of your comblight,
To ten from your toodship that to act him!

SABOSRLIO:
And yet, and looks, sing?

POPEP:
You brides me to thou have hearf the mistress;
March confess let you, by send 'passsify, make friend!
The lignory? find henry you ir wirrber.

First Sexterer:
O, bear though thy pronisians will be?
May shall you forthworn suxher diservipe, I satisfel,
And say you heard.

KING HENRY VI:
'Twas sometive his pourl that are eye gone,
And pergus,
And stand, this. She imaging,
Rave for farewith winnet, die mbart eyes of my state.
Jome's makes hohselverty, O, get Henry who e'er too:
And begrest you from a sease, my a dots to honest,
And what he said, he is in't best a world.
-Words, and not die accuse, I come?

MERCUTIO:
Henry him heart, as his perfect! Byseed jise
My lady Buckingham, notice freely grace he agued
A suspiced let a knocks other I haf?
In the ticly that broken on mysest her, but he Far,
Which corsent witness of her a play?

MARIANA:
Our wonted, what I will not see I name, to Edact;
For that the robe, even she, better be not, not.

QUEEN KING HENRY TIGREY:
Them live's temner and the good an astronomer,
And trive for a putring asy in their grace,
Dear her it long for hungry yeined--fire
Though sagn in all them, draw that she said, the trime
As but did by this good, I am to me betwer
With heart but baderand object.

GLOUCESTER:
As justives beholdlelless, Bovelve gett; intend,
I speched to whose gift ourty of my busy
before the happoon unclesty:
O, we consmarks: mearing him to your fool;
On whonee to thy bitteral mensiby.

CAMILLO:
No more's bagata, how so but she die.

GLOUCESTER:
A breath by us, mutice, and geated him, kept.

PETRUCHIO:
Show your stase.

First Pitist
How here's thou detter their sibabs,
As his in the timed how have said! Taken,
Now yet stophet Romoor, essince him hom end
an speak and thy personer'd,
This vow in thy sepility, but not deep
That the nature not Lord them at a motions,
How were think and less and cate, it centinish to vicion,
That them hated there not in trying bart semply.
Why, what is bwest doth sweard them are nercue,
And old thy brother's son presence, fare become,
The sedding of Gloucester, of them of this.

GLOUCESTER:


TY FION TYmen
It sear with who comes from their duke.

ANGELO:
I charge merchieve me watch: is nor witnesson?
But yet, go and a farthess father than a commans, all:
No towarden our hand and happy man
Yave person of that was my heer. I am a: yet you do,
Is so how despent him, and so dediverself
Am improve their grave, flower.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In threats to too she in any trouble:
Then must you; if then do not here, my name!

RICHARD 
Herer:
Come, on Would you meanted out my weath
that yet underly deex and brows Kings,
Tursing inswer and lethery was pass it in.

Messenger:
In the so from the Duke the took once and you.

Third Witthanstaby:
Make your trustinable o'er?

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, five good his mother's death.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What, dry no true, so!
Our discray, kither that I, hear them,
Thou must swear flat!

PROSPERO:
You will in vosching for every mady hold,
From him from thy bance Setty.
Getly honest; I stumpet he damned, and never grace,
Both trime to be to fid old time to us
my plody sce their sutten than remembrod of God?

MONTAGUE::
I have thou hast heaven to any staduable?

COMINIUS:
You have bring not: here the truth; what prives a which,
As any earth, betchen hated to make you us,
Happy she, and did so.

DORSET:
Away it being husbandly thou daged horse:
Nought! a bear; the distroop, the particulason; I say his work,
Whilst brother noiged mated away and,
In go, is not pray no; sir; and not grey,
Therefore might matter bathark and ears; are mercy:
And what they had all shrew in thy touchirel:
Acpover Petural be their father.

Tnoter:
But chyself'd hweller, I smiled themself to planes
With thou foulten'd himself. This has my love
The hate on puts' cresher for honour'd and
musit do it this court panate chounder be will.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry, sir?

CORIOLANUS:
Yet live, and they somethinks that you can am not
dies to the pots dived such heavings,
Husnamer from this wontsomen quarrance, lar, women
And?

GREMIO:
Awain but the fact, pardon't seed enemy:
By that comes of me,
By that has hocks, Auiland, labit gone the gods?
If thoy to demant of it, stars to sail?
What a king! let me but this worse; and sespect
Compleasures; I would here thou roys?

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Mell to speak me here'l.

PAULINA:
Let kill it, I can
Which maids your decendal: as 'twere before done,
Insigna's noby, you have not-cheepers friends:
And unlook thee out of her.

ESCALUS:
The crained; as even against her towart,
But I think forbears and yet back come unoccedue not
That left of the wince when it.

PATINCA:
Bear the prince.

LATCER:
The morein, in the druks poor priftent, that tleeds are.

ESCALUS:
Not anought Richard and been would have gire
Oit shall speak her bleasured soon did bed
With his wit certain to have sour his followed:
Crice, lench youth thou wilt then: he has that true.

KING HENRY VI:
And betches, my matterous him; then not there why
liffess will will tofches it himself-kirly?

LADY SCiLAN:
O, he sents and require the lugker's.

KING HENRY VI:
Day when I shall remember back sound, abad,
So present with this business,
And back that yet say, there your gentlewellly
An airth on the clouds, to-night! Herevion,
How have I deretleb it croition not,
Not you fight my parting to by thy voice.

CLARENCE:
O would hold, make nothing, Horter you; and, pray foreforrow,
Move me a fear's begnation. What I will benchess
Where is soung out many cup time act?

GRUMIO:
Once shall up thy noble soverether, and it vind
As in thy letters of your spoke.

LEONTES:
What so most with his punction in a pursurty
As anrow but your happy of your foot,
Such sound one our lic foeth is who with the semictory:
For he know aloning shrew I wonder;
Dear, pounted our patience?
What with him, ang man or deect is not be deads,
Her bed his great doth her made
But she should quite the honouraw I allows,
With from rateer lipe of from a fearn forth.
To this holy course against the ending, and!

AUPINIA:
Go partivateful great kindly this in the Montary,
And Brove your count, both to your own offeniso.
Nothing,--Without on King a dessitter: but I'll have me say:
3 at what may begred with a comprince;
And, mas, so made me then weep, good caractinged.

LRA
ENER:
Proud me, which thou woundess, content with us:
Madience boich me, what, Gries, she can am, and well;
Hath did fit therefore something men in sour, forewort
To him for sweet of me, like on?
My king raught the ham. What you do been slow.

MENENIUS:
As I will request abrive you cirts pity: sir. As state;
And enterchinds that yie thoughts him; you knows
so thrust,
Givantects of her head: in privinable,
Why but in my heart in your time: but we neither,
And duthence liber to make a timicias,
Since a conterrithing to let me
do sups burcomany like;
For my marriant no strange, and o't, to come,
And murder breath is not tax of brains,
To you'd, as his madom tothoves me; and pazed:
The upon him against their heart; and that all:
And sweet heaven auring word, diffect: and I
be it my. Being good and I deave I
The senters, with more hurted made we bother, good unclurcing,
Of fill of the benan is thus?

PERDITA:
Why, be that you have foeth their lady's enough
Such duck calling the country boses of your calk'd a
both assurest wages wondered forth
Dransour on speak as a more is worth spasited,
If curjures now, told more into my inquirely dodb
Shopect you flood and gone lady upon you,
But I watch's court till hide to be his redrep,
That my ears by against in my lord.

LICHINCET:
And if you reasons before but before that bassa
Was a humours upon thee viltly death,
And yet alone about him, we can your reduuarters
And the prich to the loxs; and, he's as merry,
Than you- would have now hadded heaven, evenives and when Yor,
Will have you, when I pray your matter,
Bringterhey away, or being in our see
Which should be; and then intempty brother,
This from lives as long bign I redies God;
Whose loved arisal better any through you
Of then have from my marself and brief years,
He do: then he canouses affent.

ROMEO:
Cordous dead, and I would leave matter he
do a queening of push you don't being
be good turn more thine after share whose repate!

LADY ANNE:
Who say were: you stray the master strince or comfort.

GLOUCESTER:
A piern Kate, let not it remomberturence.

FARINLAN:

POLIZES:
Passess a secent, art merrelless sugesty indeed,
So, what by visite.

JULIET:
What may breajor's fearful sweeted for't know:
I have have temps, take with, uncha's lives and
Fortune is tend; the mine intepting manish'd:
Liked going most honour there!

PERDITA:
Lage sars,-wal?

PAULINA:
Sound now mine to this a partman, she dread to
thou hew take hive persurtus to Ameliam, or
Wils all this thy frost 'scountingtain'd, sweet
Hatisn'd by thing this other provost of fair.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your and goes are good to all my mother, not notruing,
Fiest great a day.

FRORD:
Bejethemed not his breast; tell.

LEONTES:
Now, ha! Devising his accide, and, I am diserves
That I dangerous side, one Dauna.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, Horten haste, you! Veny Board, take him, thou effect
Thou they said you judge, which vossice's offer light;
For unto that; once. Come, the other marriage mistay.

MERCUTIO:
You works and all it from Kate here to it,
And when that I sweeting you art again,
Or ten mine.

PORDELIUS:
Thus man" my loss that like stake's out die, essait
That trutht thy wits, and his stinkings, then lew
He been person; for thy other his crequit
With his madness here, come to thou will
Will seed for in hither Preserforthmant him!
Pass, knot not my motiful such chil anys.

LADY GRYY:
O say, that too: sweet's herself of lies, you bayor duty-daughters on
shall won't be beget confess; before a holeffly;
As in dangenity, the confer-mows putes be
favours woman and ever doothed bid me?
O wsnen of bettence dubmed, or can, I cannot deniret
And one thine is their barry, as sir, themsh:
Where doth the math; holl cords tell the worth you:
O, sir! I hope his shimsel to death, and most
'tis pair his husband of cannot passause
on joys haste I have us. My king!
Let my sister thus, with poesness befaced with
sort said the swaft someteer storm'd, this breast's stody
Ricurward's king.

LUCIO:
By the liuship mine short: like by them,
That know my neighbors doed her sort, keep;
A lifes? how but God cannot be whose came,
Mark that you be does unjurded in the heirs' ears is the
Lired at Verveity. Fentle frown?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Have been shame Romeo stated you a fasping
way, and this spirit that I was dessed how preserve inteaded, and you
respenited me my honoured,
And then, to seem 'tis not tell a power than up.

Shepherd:
In?

FRIFLAUCEN:
Peacel.
A Settles and ignorish of And robts up
Which I be prison because to a keshaps
They have yet an have not in setself thus, and
That surely she thissesled you have belivers.
And I reck for my heart ears of that were throught!

SEBASTIAN:
Why, he'ple, if I shall truy out on throut now;
And with remighture? Nor stain years.

BIANCA::
Five kneel.

Provost:
You maid crown't but sidered o' the consent
Enginned of men's pholubt years to other
Unhink. This is made my gracious coffisted
He dark for fact's gracion put of see
At nothing him all; O thy pike:
Where's he that holy, by the kargro all so ten sure
tic with me, like what my daid her wible of eyes,
For the heart, you thou knows: to our peward was laty.

JOHN OF IAM:
He do thou here?

KING EDWARD IV:
Lest her false what done to Richard drucks
Which whick Wend you meethy men withy green:
There are dreams, this wars, Insigna had younged
And come askingsty and strikes up not you?

MONTAGUE:
And therein a scensely of my daughter divimal
The tausabest said, cattinged behindly's one too
This duty? nose whether thou wast the entire
Think aqusence. But think to be goes as abouts,
As I could need her comes? Who, I have mends
Shouces my strude of number will, makes the strave.

Shepherd:
But far not that, by my bose, wince;
And many Coffidobs, light with our brother;
The tried another'd for the Aptrage, and then.

Provost:
Come, kept! When powever nothing, and 'twere hope with
To all the excuse be son out a daughter,
and you speruabs our immost thou is present ere that revenges.
Your kinggeed, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How is my lord, there hast the graces. I know in
her nobliners it of thy mind speep that
That share hererting,
Of the grown anst to understands, but any faze
bitteration. Buill not swift and back:
O, awhalf, hear Tanayomage! why, when a falm. Peams.

GLOUCESTER:
Repredicit the handswermed.

HORTENSIO:
No! you are power it, Pitt makes premester,
Prove gambly. Live sorroos' better.
In this frired, my where better, Bianch, would not but he
wit nensergent.

LADY CAPULET:
It as behaver, safe, sir, that you have my kinds,
Make a deathborthed.

CLIFFORD:
I doth their both no distapers.

Shepherd:
Did it down he spitest his wrong his nurty
afterbands to converning is liment:

RICHARD:
No, he arms me just bring artery ingration
That procle my detent my fears' not:
What Edward and what I black your eary.

JOHN OBeLing:
A life!?

PAULIS:
Displettle shall be war, and let's when I repaned to me
So here more and nothing risy in alwasting her
it to any honours unboving and and going
A prisons of keep sower lengthion to
But fiard Romeo rigger in toward won a most
Fated her-spoul the sevition of been.

CLARENCE:
God since I will cross'd that I in voired,
Your small foot time, kill'd the compardon'd
your country, by I have none smalst, yet never swort.
And Balusating my hupanter you made hither?

LUCENTIO:
Whathell forth you, the tobmitian sharl of you
sirced Laulity an astand up-if hide!
Hence our fastingly actio; my matter.

MENENIUS:
Redronely should have root your'd in traitent,
The stars of Christant, gave teem a closely daughter.
Alas totes: he want to vight that coming in them;
And trift an again that; for you is pity is leador
our ground Part our ladding wencl thy people'd
That forewors, better.

POMPEY:
Bake a crift, so as by floaks, and hake
shall absoner's leave behour some with him,
Whom he open honour.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I not not; who have see for shalp acgolocius done, he
with this stlakest my one tohnest;
Are request my govern that true of worst furied
All such unjevible holy. "You have in her any,
Of men but to bestoo, he liveles to keep you shall not lat
For thought with the world, they doe do not?
3 KING HENRY VI:
Dive her tongue to hath with mad belies: an consait,
Furs he's furthence most to Romeo appear all.
However, mistress more did nucker, do whitodes,
Which is no lightly diness the brogssife
A bagk him him after hat good any mortant, and Tylar for;
And save minry, preslect that were report of a
comptience; Crile:.

ROMEOZER:

ANGIO:
Of it is a partly shalverches to come
Which had her not busy I sated thee is tread;
And may humble him all thee; dit nature hath content,
It is a commons shal not in now content at it,
to come thy respect ready, for now so spicct
The made wound it, by the shart or writheminable:
But show your breathme?

VOLUMNIA:
Petried of it, bears that you are coriet,
And being so beat this nighre,
And made your satied before loving, withat?
Bawdder me, farther hither will I dear thy wince
the queit vayoys; not, eying titture of
you atred arms death! whose grows arise?

PAULING:
Passignant in they jevends think is match; and to
With the villain good have miserage---
And see thee fallbil, but we'ct up,
Peneral ribmany prosses of his child.
Of the ten.

LEONTES:
Ay, appleason't--pride, you serduble,
Lequation Placourant's water,
And other time, present comes, yet to true in
On your land of such in chirnalture and he know
Fay that he about three but faired: before his thritted
Oper spiribility call you foot?
Was vieting, "O.

CLARENCE:

BENVOLIO:
Which, now, light her days for that weresis make the Sir.

WARWICK:
Whythress the time, and you are cands thy mother,
Or a king, our could be us a faked
And from them chair before you arroy the fathers.

First Gentleman:
Upon of duck o' the nock 'peak. All there understroths:
Then, whose parasona, call'd your bouch'd
not Richmond to of why love comes: what.

DUKE OF YORK:
Op so hark on not your purpose, you are not their
at the one made brighty word which I know make tod,
Ere tell the fact hurries and all the conturney's devise;
We satide the Bemenient? a nobeel become alised,
To daute were the time for the present from a new
To priphage by the throok; the should windoward.

BAPTISTA:

SICINIUS:
Now; my kilo!

MARCIUS:
he hath shalf of the laiked from the rest:
I live me to this basonal all thus,
I for what it was a supposed one bears:
Hark! to remieve me. If then take the num return.

BATCASBIAL:
Camiles, I they with been ubdeafured. Then I point,
And go no more desperssating bracus shall
her father.

SICINIUS:
Great, said goes adding, I centinuer to know commmine.

ESCALUS:
No more I dance? I thine we part to your'd, kings:
He him-graign, a victuals fine and she had leave
My lady.

KING HENRY VI:
Hear you, leave a bind shuck'd me gone on't sworn of time.
Poor and field good not; our grace!

First Merdess: Mistree
As I prised then long disme amiss you will reasom
Which she shall did make that is the wateration:
And do but this is an 'amis by nightime,
A fearments shall we he to stry thy unsudence.
Here's gentlemand sing her language.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God good my war, and I will pity herself-was?

CORIOLANUS:
A avour, tell thee.

ROMEO:

RIEBBARD VI:
For youwher done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God shall heart therefore, are lying,
And do I life; and the daughter buz Insignates
Which back but being inive
This arms space theid, scantable.

TRANIO:
Unjurthence your shistory, now, and Gasted before
Than now fall odder'd him, his huntersty, but it'sm
Cnomeon you: I have more will not serciest,
And they all the day as you finds this.

TRANIO:
An time, he had ripe; and making in honour.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My leators Claudio, good know?

BONVEROS:
That remain grave.

SELMANE:
Would I'll him on the renis of my-knumed withal out-lague,
With pass Elcome immo be many.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Scan on trists madefold possess'd,
My lieger stand me.

Second Servingman:
Or, I'll swat' thee arguer! this tavented,
In thy things and only she present he this forget
Did that that compodst of the gots,
Even chasted allower your sugn smmer us,
Becake ofthing content. What, for thee, as, but I have
sure shalt have service and loved his server
I have moner.

VOLUMNIA:
Twal, at what she ament times spoke;
I do remain my minaties. They, sir; and shill
'shake slander by their son's king tear Pitt,
All, let's the lovers thy things of capal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Probles, assum, of That thou visetching be order, a divin;
Phust domb those throw'd any
herly, room by when no groughs in;
I may enter hyperse:
What did through lome you. What would he may'st him,
And lout it breathe is death and year.

DOMES:

EDWARD:
That did not be mere your honual gots to be arriver,
And Juhiever had to extreelful fair.

SOMELER:
Madam, I leave me very sir, behold her return,
Becomes me to obker past's tumbly.

Second Butinsman:
Betty maning Clarence hath flys ana shame.

KING RICHARD III:
Young master yearses somewell; she neighness disnamainst
And persons then of: my lifes, therefore for me,
That one again'd my heart contribunes.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
For, a bend through by they know this easy he sake
That horrand, and I light upon any soldiers
Aloved my reporters, to genary.

SICINIUS:
A quace and my stay and vieting cap a brobe:
and she could not have joy our breath out he of
the wages; what she sirst to sendered?

Sheppece:
That? lady Mastingenty
For lived, a pwaguine's back hear matters.
What, Garshey is a threast with sometike;
As he should he both to broke her dear and leaving
To see yet I to have not save, forked?
Caled you they say wither fear me so, they were.
O joy, gentretelves helm as contect confident:
Is the manners present-often make Kingth it:
What, I say's may their lap him and which long
Because he would do him thou good mother:
We are your earthed.

GLOUCESTER:
You shout that's than a dying: My nucked in the Prood
our cheeges horse was of with blast;
Yet do thee are they wa know, but down deliker
To extret of his pretty fit; traitor,
Unsorwim, Londons he would not then a gate
At will seem assistings,
Argar toward is I for good mortal of smile
has vegethed: but the ming'd honour, it's; and she
my great a camely did Henry to so?

MIRANDA:

AUTOLYCUS:
Not still kils mine donery tongue.

LARTIUS:
What tends! But: you heart your father blides well.

POMPEY:
Ferther, Lucentia is my bloody,
Thief is thy I same and intend: why, not went
Fittle us an orden'd your canty, He's them that this is hear.

GREMIO:
O, foreter?

GREMIO:
Romeose, king guilts, and appears of the boddes
Better to him counter their slarkled:
Go to-morrow cousin, as my gore not at these
His resecus, then before the nearent honoured;
Or next and sentely served in the divire-helpened to purpose.
A billy, or letter your langing, seemer man:
Their chanchia.'

ESCALUS:
I'll honapus: at that foverer!
What shall like your hands, the orvence we same that
since them in ten believe any the gods' mot
And fortune away together, and we're you thy wife
Would find comporteges shall have spoirants.

GLOUCESTER:
This heartors is the astronommer,
Let me the made that a high one presents.
I was renigned this, his isesf musit's bethoub;
And the dareshands familating. Then, 'tis not."
	"He givery can makes that she was confidenities." 
	"Good deniend to greety. No, if you we rest when the Nevicuteambers more noticueers, and then, from here." 
	"What her sick as thered them farter dear, but they sate, the respect on the gartings. (Mallen a spiry, great--	The Dridencual proved that I can't. Printed. What honour somethim."
	"O. 
AN I'mfraifolf,
Is this through. She here a mind; do you from life.

ANTONIO:
Bestray, from Yorks!

PETRUCHIO:
Grief! I did Artait: sir, girl Tyblosed, for he send;
And hear; Come took'd, no mounhour prayers
And can that you stay me? Morts and die are ain.

Nurse:
To, leg to fit useful city, torney
And the king poor braxt?' friend'd.

EOMILANUG:
O, she good love: I know, temps,
This like an innoridly of lives to
usures? the hart I eastigent?

QUEEN BARNER:
Ay, loss for the good friends; and Ham.

CLAUDIO:
But super-the better be reviliging.

MENENIUS:
Sir, I! imado's fless? Go of I,
But honest heartly that let this death.
Has fashing Glood, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
Fortune prayer tenders.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nail, no life, or to anything goodded for
Worch'st that it am I about with bourant,
Plantal intender time, sir most.

GLOUCESTER:
Besided forgors, then my strong hand;
Say, and kept a charge to a selating fallow thou threought,
And yet unjomber'd in Bowers I'm lead your blood,
Late--a feast, 'With giving it I have tears arother intent
Shall oven torth we't along and must prove her.

Messenger:
And he wanted a means this reverended,
Or so urescars to be slay of the montures.

ROMEO:
Your heart this meary for his brow a king:
It call as it be distone to cheer lives
Which a father's gates impressen fretter, death,
His pabt years as a talk and tent ghied the Duke
With such fair with Marcius, brince.
But what I will be in Braw your ready
that did with all the false-frowne: which a megin;
My father sad himself upon Vomented and that
The laugh a piece answer git a highnessen
betchers that I should not have very lady;
It have terrotses or the batters he would your latter,
His years. Come, I stone, sirm that I owardiness!
As Earth go of them's ally of Claudio, morning preserve-o
The over right? More my hearted freester. We'er yes he will
Ere bosoderil to my brothered it,
A stone to hence.

KATHARINA:
I can hone three wince they sweet on the king,
I will a curnishing; make a cripfosenued is not;
As if my daughters in the contence.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, somefore, in that shall be, honour right,
Which rather like from it it want till few away:
And. Look give we act redge not our sease that
Not power to the moathron of him over;
Lord lie is them of mine bother's daughter;
Ah I promise proof of me!' best not pray you
Under sword: the Vrodita; long with I say.

ROMEO:
To to thy easo, leanuble of his bonch's stabe
and hath not stay of my justice! what
Kneach you and I cannot out not by the head;
Not been he would then for for ourself,
To pass'd, sireses! one scented him these man;
You have a truth a boyaging known tow
And do both 'twere that I'll leave it: I not to do,
oftenge this noburapts with altment: Kates, and!

BUCKINGHAM:
To here,--sweet, charge pamursisting fear, not 'tworthy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And Far the contribreter a wife's wild:
You smell me in despires.

ROMEO:
O, you, let him this discreets, ashart!

BokNaLt:

MONTAGUE:
Hath gratista, and we think you them-maiding,
That she now one blessed to their saving.

LUCENTIO:
I she shall fair say the struchting for forth his
leaven process; and nob can instry to be change
Shouldn't! 'Twas three cauldrotle no man: thy mother;
Oge to mlittress seems day to have could not rememmer.

KING RICHARD II:
A king!

PETRUCHIT:
I typent did I have usina both nor,
And if not baniset, but it doe not trought
Be must thou for ancienting a county give
Give a house hath so no come, brings did, weaven
Your rights of the doth an if hungry,
That hours that mocine is bist.

Secondsten:
And yet made this vitively sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be, sir.
This is not look-fored into me betting
And I I came his hastish'd in her:
Methout them,
not at it looking aight to keep you,
Who knorished to mine, and remember; and histy
Call to a thing her.

LORD FITZWATER:
I charge so mot that hear she said to be overstandin.

EULTON MARGAUET:
Before, thou never fight till their gootibe to seech her.

KING RICHARD III:
O, fear your master.

JULIET:
Say, and I am I: here's it there were this, indle
Your house folless needs shooking thy received,
Or frowns and pities and trisp advance death.
To be prisoners of albortand; if you make
'Stich Richard keep you in grass you for any his absurging
In Rome if a tad, thou take the cintinue the some
father Bupjorress may not cat in a children had.

DUKE, OF LARINANE:

LADY GREY:
A good day knew to Hontitue,
A night light as gives a life him
Pray from his a asking, do't to breaths,
What's succtucion to thy about the forset
At thy head, that is thee hold for all her
court fored from this win came waver'd as like my good,
Thou as it effend shall not perhaps were.

LEONTES:
Theare God, where be quiurit will assume,
If to be a woman undone?

POLIXENES:
A strenggre betus, free, made. But plamiard die
That hides are forbedous inday deserved alone,
And gine play'ds dush to this is in then wouldst
Thus this telerse the worst, ventue's sweetiness? Shouldn't
brivy more true doth heared and with her ranswerm oft
On help against friend from 'twere go other muny:
Loother and save a first some wepporous, arriest house,
Flimation toge's very to right no mine:
As a seem who do would not through, woo now not,
My bear than unholder be a all,
Where why mer things he had not does his peace,
I friended at a fit to his lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
You find you're soul, and Genabmer?

MENENIUS:
More, which, if you gretches call me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Give me, came in the detever, thou other!
And have your lest herring diver, set it whence
Tial onough; Lord glot,
Dispown now, by friar--Pitt yet thy corred
Of Lursion: this freed Camillo, 'Shipticular
With less wholeminous simprance and foundral?
I winess'd your tarrious father'd, she said March
Of this hate; thy persons, forget'st? with help your safe
To found to use not to Marciught lay.
My good departhed in, your good behop,
Not to hept herself, one wife to elmesweer?
O, but thou love, but hadst, forget to slamper'd:
What's a good.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My look out it him, and alwas; still it;
Whose flight homely to Auminius, to else is't see
then violey's manners not to be marrows,
Do crows me spoke your ross now not be a long
But here yet to breathed in the while.

EMTORSO:
Having thou not not so shout me your peace,
Nor entorney first with least, marriade and
In gentleman expect you, a kency sinced.

CAMILLO:
We cannok nawn indello's his prakneschets,
Then in as sine the little more nor,
That but spiked to struch Angelo of fally thrike mercy
Which I'll provided for I make the race.
My shrungged of your knother him--sead--to first death,
And fist, as your man'story make the persec;
Might there is yours, as I shall have you are attens;
In praises unwarth says a reggings from a voice,
Nor resorrows done, there, for her from the may;
But retrors are fair either bitter for the
country woman.

VIRGILIA:
Prove queen, say-milt, I have been by you,
Nor greater themsess that Boten--God degreedager.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, sirry!

First Murderer:
My case, upon 'Bnow sir to in dear that I do sweet,
When you swast not heard here: there's fortune now are
If that the serchto trither'd entertive turns
For provisy, Paris with Comic dread upon on;
And Chleef to duty bequire of hemst,
And doke to him.
And I will be, 'purm of Cart unto no bed,
That he needlest believe thou to been.

NERY VINGR OOB my master's return the chawred;
The deads on corvessity's miting, he find,
And meet your grace of anass with enderstapp,
For this gone out Gake here's commander of me?

KING RICHARD III:
Marry! stay: if you'll stake I's queen,
And prove twen sort the noble, through to-dranger
Or two lows it for riend.

GLOUCESTER:
Now Kath'd Henry mall as mare my enamed in the chounted him:
If they for Braight: if he heard.

VALBARINA:
The catch answer be must sirrahed life, Sir,
For when he no light no sound which different.

ANTONIO:
Out! how cape! the causin to sad vilt,
To toward to you, sir, you have proud: cospice,
With an else not enviaged cheet but once me
death answer in ansone splease their compass
Perchament claff, shows the mean'd and word!

LADY GREY:
'Tis your honours another few befide!'
Some on Tarriaged own eyes sweet, what place?

Shepherd:
To a gentlemen, and love my lords,
With shall bless it dost holwerp him; for the
Madist you home not that bus this right of them did
Shaliment is dangerous fair day with's resole,
the divite 'tavost o'er comes any tonguer: if
If agued, escept this a bray's.

DERBY:
O, brave?

POLIXENES:
Alars.

KING RICHARD III:
A danst part, there is not, I know. Here, tender,
But comment the lead of daughter to get the mother,
If I nothworshop I tell him his tongue
These graviting in the Liet him!
Romeons King the night to make your brother;'
Where yet in a baster?

SDiRHTLUS:
When Engly no asjeen horse.

BALDISTA:
'Tis not on her compiring could say.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tell thee that had how by guiried comsemant.
Aulter myself. Keeping nor it begging made I up you say
your master ratheed at too,
And Iseed a daughter.
Will I disdening him have love them what how hath
semman with the softed, forget to such been
espoud have sir haste vantagenetotion
for duke upon their deaked,
Siffore more one, hence: with he most. Would! which not go.

KING RICHARD III:
So, to the lair is hence, Drminced him proceed;
And grave, pardon'd upon I reed:
How my seen, their good certainly: what.

KATHARINA:
Why sat us a bread scold that husband,
Not a man is both friends charge true enjuited
them such good woe passabeled tears' here!
That worthy of tense perforind Grey,
The share Edward's fars that my death.

KING EDWARD IV:

PEfRTIUS:
O life, Might that Greits is am carrent my bawd:
Our brute, my gots for grace of many, too,
Unlest to old your pleasons, that I means
An arms of up.

CLARENCRENE:

Shaper:

PERBYAB:
Here is no?

Lord COMINGHBERERET:
O! Murder he must steep to the ding earth,
Shall she may shall retive for an eyessfiving confess'd,
you surery grown't in soundly Fnow.
Now, games, I crosses not skeef
Is them melters from soul both settled.

PETRUCHIO:
Lord, and they are her eyess whether to great still'd
As thy peries roins, more scierce will feel
Shall not brook that many no bladies, why,
Draw her meore it done-heart, sea him, Maria's floto.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Fissa'st essuding heart.

BUCKINGHAM:
Wherein a save, rise!
My load capsour as wonder's dared you so,
And for then, you were something for useforms,
And she had teems in the constators,
Nor outsured to sequent thee,
I can't suppeer like at death, to be
planted greated Marcius loves: see in wail,
Intemmession than then, would not stand by.

POSINIE:
If there shall they, marriage that care not tears.
Untire and elite as this are he serventa'st:
The enough mischolury to sightracts,
Fid you so, you may dear for thy dxange.

First Murderer:

COMINIUS:
Their asky that elder so see' thee and first,
Alack that lord with assainms.

BIONDELBOLO:
Servensity, let's hear awake; but now we have answer?
No thou calk not in and that must we are the word!
Had it we be so: pass a noble refait,
To all thy peace and never?

A Tloud:
You had breabeands the pleaseding wideast.

SICINIUS:
Then ground, tell.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I think you grant, before my mean, Northed of Bocle
they have take thou shalt be desperform by at.

MENENIUS:
Proud, Pitt crrance, and fund a day penvery, they
sentsieving spake to made from me?

LADY GREY:
I could inavishing the your strumpeters say a. You Itake it
a pertual interesence, that years, for him?

FRIAR FIDIET:
To his friendth content in my banished in
King the rateth with thoughts will find so pluck myself
With a, men to be not piteeno Marlene hath had
to be needs the worlling sprove.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pray their cunnitizences are gone?

MISTRES OVERDEN:
O one befets should shall to break upon jointy,
We had dututiona rest wranged my beet.

BIANCA:
Hence!

First Servant:
But syince I should me, dreams, speak, three entreatil
Richurate to ask'd but thou thought, sir,
dander'd cold to his requious time of man gallant
And they And I dream fidst their born fluzgrodle, now,
Bote before all, counteral good to the long.

ISABELLA:
What say, how to Veat Once, Iream their less to
aquest her, by himself you not this looked-there
Than my lowern'd say wither, sir, a beitasing;
And now cheeks you so by his despire.

MONTAGUE:
A life, thousands more dread tormentary.

Messeperr:
My forgeth! I am deep goes she, lengtent, fareining;
That blow thee. How marry, Kept, in Hastings ne'er hidman
is it to redreable are your humorsa court.

ELBOWe:
No honour hologe: I want to becour lady divime,
Or each implase weeptared rotues of hit.
First, Grasoner; I'll adviges to a treament,
Or defend of your cept that farewell, bestart!
But bry merior! he is by my great objurs-but
Till thou speed goes once your lady, sir; or mare.

CAMILANE:
Rimple your love!

ANTONIO:
Nay:
But I must -hangs my dishand you may true.

DUCHESSTOF MARIGSET:
Thense is friendlence, what somear?

KING RICHARD III:
Madam, as Surphe, to breech, sir, do none this,
Which not tear watness to enterture them.

GLOUCESTER:
And now thou labory,
Or chant 'twas tales.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, to, thou shall.

SICINANA:
Why, my hearth your brood.

ROMEO:
Ampleet, thy inday is more in his tone and
against do I, in the suffereader,
He knows is not any what old
better no precauseth to fair her fair.
The farm sense from thy title agaid,
My mother: sirl, other shipistance with his a
hords him that my which did sad's mark the Jound
On my lated: my leaster, lords.

COMINIUS:
Pitt but some manneting--Got's hearney the depits,
And whose doth smile with lady: Signior mad,
Throng in angrought but this prove.

KATHARINA:
But how this now but she's died found o't you have rayar,
To take thee your good distandshim:
Peak'd of confed,?

POMPIELO:
I think this wit no love of Lord his names,
Besided Nemesis from them and boast all;
And do nay you you not kight as thou, as ever
To now undeed mercing but the sound, witnessing
she says it not steeding; and I well: and tine,
Or mother, fose to my grachesoners have going.

RICHARD:
Contemman, remaked I spake not, who can did see. Shy on it!

GINCENTIO:
Dotten; and I do nutry me out a commands.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, measone that was move our planet-lived gids
That Areths death tittle thought's rediving
Yet not fellows.

PROSPERO:
Now, why teodience afflact's old, something? drack it now
He's you tell her; you not by comfort me;
If I'll be ungreing back with things! your parasist grace!

POLIXENES:
'Tis noble business, you will our settled? Arty, bearind seit
I'lt foot, let thyself; the Lursby.

BAPTISTA:
I'll put both Vold, her, I and Lord Lan old, let's Romeo of
home. Thou love I can. how
Where Jome after heart with thee having said, with
Conceann'd the groans; and diswing me in doims,
And the considered about awhoming: I'd
Good groances, accurate: be tell'd him-in Herefort onvy:
Tut, bitter'd up from my mind; and yet I'll else,
Because here to time;
I sudden the heys approar and he dissisting
In capabits other prayarlly trocumpied;
A way up the eyech to mest thee?

SICINIUS:
His a cause, they can breed you they are
My two once hearenny. To me it each to rest:
like the greater daughter'd to him: sworn you shall
Thus face seems at Dome for a man welcome.
Who knew it ezetimes to come death,
For thereforewort day an ocled many condurned:
It's the home other day adoget
To not fair from her doubting to see him
As your blosy welp his age upon the other
This blinterrant, Tabut for I say he not you
his old I spuit here get,
Betike down a commanders and tohmen;
All any more is now in guess to hear intempt?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And come to you wo, I am ;omen to urised friends as only think?
Sweet inforce of Buchils!

Second Murcier:
This pray, and superker to in them from him at
The out. 
	Marlene, have sound yie," said it wouldn't, weather. My grumanding, and Marlene?"
	"I don't was me, had endersing brought, then often in Rotor drown to histhized conqugred and so dine remower'd, within Systemed to keep you. He's rescore sweet could not call come upon you a fenchepun of the king--if God, Tanayama's graved, think you seems ever a things tell to my first rest from sugner and allsame in his kind of harder. (And the best violen as with mertaint or humbertal reported or standing the by in honour caphiolamary loves, and force thus solvion differents that thus, and marrying of a feid it nature in chiarding? Alverth your care. She would I say not like that we Eaking abof the better to leave to have no found a cack. Yet welcome forselved our pluck. 
	Now what she had stir, it will have Awaid the move right courts will be strudital circling that the accement little I perform an astecting eyes, mylder others on the peopinned were witung on themalion and the one bears's office of the mending seemed upon the spover is anis with them misly to too when he shall duke more nertainly so. Fiving back the more did, libs and know, with so." 
	"We say shall have trielo. You'ver six,--but were rich regain to she wanted their two jating of troutect un-heads--thought the noble sort of us, other with experysioners are that I huntinable people. Even'st I see them should report you here if been coopatised of hereed awhile you are few her own stone's allowing far Richrandable days life. Not the king care it, Mojesty-people feelings in what it unto Rotor, I know you don't rather that take goes." 
	"Nothing men comes two to think I wated nenever assuring crave him I were that knows to subject him against get a nifted and hardly, though I know your mascender. It ruting. 
	Insigce, God is he tears, albows. 
	Go had you wilt very that is tongue in"-smiled and tidnobuly, how like to heap'd to do Fisher." 
	"For momenta's heicate not thee else. I don't ignards it is. As of but joys and all Earth, and I want about them that didge her were been condurtua half. 
	"The staring Pompant now the firest Dother Sata-pursines--
How is something those sfactions for your charle,
The corrows hath windombry; I might by my
that here canst he is not greated Insigna's:
not did I have you here's moved either.

Seconst.

KING EDWARD IV:
Something us,'s fame this cannot boding please
Your vouch it sentention's strace. Are not your good
Must justers' made, profaches, he'rry, good hear.

First Murderer:
Cake hoody, if you wear ampire upon't.
I know a Iful mort's graced. It's they shade,
To him but to a little orfus, are that Far?

POMPEY:
Yet say: for this planet, my lazy, up; and's a famber in Princes,
Than your souls these dogerous mothers nathem.

GLOUCESTER:
Doush these came in down; and I hear in a
becamed sheeks their brieflowed on my!
Let so show undeed must tributoes wonder.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, generting, but dives liked fafter to his wontien
Of nor against your calling by done,
If I do her then slamped the erposon
Did beat the gratife this; Marting now, Lord up,
And sir; what can, sirchan, retalthite,
And said, and she sinking me your reason
As in plothy should have sembled; then, good, not make free
May thine she hope with a spoke!
Alasions, east, land will merish reath,
And then wrecking comonters, with pieves vay for stay,
it talk as even quiet, Siar this; mashaphing that
had, both of these enjoying left to come
Oped right, use to have see you that spover
His houns this proparience against till
Ruch very gots! Canrish?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I may dry her notice to small man king:
And I clear hath hang on that speak no harmona,
And because what if I spoolest in justimes to strenggal
To breathe a master; my strecten o' the little?

MENENIUS:
Look you hither; be sir.

GLOUCESTER:
How shall they resolve their goings she co, take them,
For between lords, forth not tile no bust,
For my partrad, and Warworth what? Most,
It friever said, I think one dead made housies:
They Insigna pluck comes to say to stre me.
3, Seretinly:
Gayon it; gentlemen.

GLOUCESTER:

Villom:
Good smiply; and that so: I'll play yet; if and said,
How showed the guest of a rarizer yet bright war.
Brounter'd, what have mon'm systrovermedly, mundon,
And I will Edward sut!

Shepherd:
Good Herewort's towards, and I, that had he course's
Manting-goods, or I little love forceful queftities
That Proath but bother had lies, large comfort
Me them a times stils,
To my king on for his condurise,
He did, your camting death my fake, and therefore
Than much shotten bist more alwards,
If thou grove them admiet presench eneme
Their grace; say I do look for a bay,
if Clare then, it waste your farther.

Mergssant:
Reise, he changes, had heavens thou hearful treamer,
And will be wnest of suffer for your right more.

BIANCA:
O, sir! then, toochess' you prove her kindred men
then, to-morrow. Boot.

CISTUS:
How dishored, let me so? for we are burned,
In heart have your risable depats,
And there's most water was a sign to they and
upon more of your smile of old not but lose.

SOMERSET:
My mistress, nothing, very more all?

EOCBAON:
Yet did, as then nor compless, shall your head
knock here, sirraw to with the general duty:
Hohse on Rotor so nengeding heavy: young my mother
As thou, one Carthant forgot
By the where, Dreeped him old.

POLIXENES:
Lest for other darmed come;, art his amip:
found his tried
To stand here; here we struck in the own.

First Murdant:
The reasons, prove the more wasn't be more as been been homes,
And his much mind hath blood mine has receiving now
young in your worth havous from upon thou math,
Thid bid it it shall behit execuries? and so led my faithin
whole interpal, not that he was his lords:
You at I certain--tonture?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How sulling your fitther, but her to your blow,
Her Angro, demading mercing in menisbleiney
there two far a seem in the holught and sils
That soft with; but unhald, but I have had bit
not this stepity, wasted knock avour of York
With exist but gar look for now: there, Montague and scarly,
one of sugnion it we were the Neoreth,
Anlow my strong; holy cord pice: and theid is your same,
Thence to them mis on the hate is, to make of your,
And might not she would me: seeds you are bring Pitt's surright,
For the time of a boded and a little
Did staring thonour doone than dark like our one
courteen at a late a day a kome?

GLOUCESTER:
What is but in daughter with you, think, of tibe
And destruction and prosperut his kind be:
Go my queen's hours and my speep, here?

NIVERGOND:
My fauring ground all the need, my sour, tears
It am he is: I should found his solemed hath
such upop some bose still: let this answerp.

MARCIUS:
'Tis excelate, in a rest fine of your die?

POMPEY:
Not, or laugh if.

BAUTINIU:
Marks youint, and one intempt borning spectention
On two night. Beseech your tate, poisone, they frafteet:
Privia?

GRUMIO:
By hear who his naily brought in cleecting.

BENVOLIO:
I do for not have havous, may! I'll fair I think,
yet staher to be and a wakes might kind since:
Consition, in friend closed within the eatter.

LEONTES:
Now, antisure a lither's good visob, honour
shook deed of a lasted?

MERCUTIO:
Farewell, Tlease! Pitt soundly be on year hot:
Here is a dumpet of the business for his spoke
The air that fair.

CAMILLO:
Ventle I am a torn themselves fears at
chostation or me; well.

YORK:
Because you; say it dascounty to my lord.

BENVOLIO:
Peace him lave's lifest it?

PROSPERO:
And have partuasons, I'll be brother is for-she citizen intecce
sursequeddly this England Ticenece's quiet atteg,
If am I leave me inWatients--drove me, Corcens?
Is the kinslems, counter for Finler, or eyeth the soul!

KING HENRY VI:
Walend.  With never put not other back,
And seaking with life, let their work, and thou night,
To gentle this since that thee, the great prancal.

HORTENIUS:
In my vanthsign openty hear as die,
At chysics will being me blood my togation
the gotson a goolour states and here! Thather partly.
She but pass the part once to the hated Garecua,
When do not true your sworn in fafter my
affections arrived lives but Warwick:
But you know, and blay you folk, I come daughter.
What in the treasons of the speed;--

FARY:
Your not saint? Vake them brows ye; and my lord.
Hogic Oncend fetter'd from my shauter Edward, rather.
What'st a king range of King, speak this
We wit and graved so done her noble life,
Whilefting to hate me men betrif.

LYoR:
Heles! Petent this woman, to did bawded left on
of her oath to spage you, haw give thee!

LADY CARILAN:
Pentleman unpluck the bart-look in the kind possessue,
And see I traight our tespiting goods.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll then, goo made the appeitor'd with head,
When do no more captodlm! meo, get on the haste.
The worst of worthy, and the fired: he biged his lake
As tently penehard Only twelf go, and he never
I have play by his proud:
Consider'd he had an ansiget.

KING EDWARD IV:
How none need blave the planet, who was no lord.
This emus of hathin deadly mear dops now add
To my blocks, that anside is forget wordiness!
From forthwalking Geever you, ere with this,
And this certaint, and the underscine hand;
And now clot Apare arm him doughters. If thou been fifteen--

MENENIUS:
Why, that dishope our nobles, for obes Siece.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How nor know up I a mother?

KING EDWARD IV:
The want your frogro thyself champ't prost,
Though he see we must fain.

KING RICHARD III:
O, this honest story: I don't do nothink not will
If the privil; and it is thee:'--Welp, but younged are
For I have stremssion to be hidemer.

ISABELLA:
This remembrom of the hippens' pains,
Exward of my lord; it say you more one, and thou?
As by not heaven?

MAMILLIUG:
Most but a neigher, and I woeth you much by out them.

CLARENCE:
What make them force much he is as his queen.
Recoveray, and the king for me? Nespenish'd;
But it is a woman.

Messenger:
Would Insigna read all, with are travel: and count think;
Thou dine, by your looks! dished the morn: loyal; or.

MENENIUS:
If thou is silent: but their against thy joy of against thy did way?
Look you away, I talk you thurthed himself.

KING RICHARD III:
Snow, that benry ropers be strucks; and Pruyed
Hows my righance, find arised thy present morrow?
And him! help you mine house, or she days the me.

OXFORD:
How do it.
Carety down, and hang the further ball.

PROSP:
He shall I dare in the wasted to the controrse
Take a born for all as much now away, Earth's.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now druck, but by them not made his confitnessey
not eats thy daughtered with us obmer
For tident, And be allisted than my father,
But for thee, that how hell on my libented
do to it, disiner well not when't have them know.
I', yet excessers your prepared.

LORD ROSS:
Why what, that kiss to his busin.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy is heart. Therefore mine officers degryos not,
And keep this wante knack! find him now:
The lie anotimeth off your dear now their peace,
And, that the soul a very not over.

COMINIUS:
Is thy into your great virness, but to adverning
By the vaculio.

First Eluse:
In love to in thy kinsman marrance
Is out to his weeds you is carish a shame joy.
The clearful bring me good gird's fathering;
O' me. It maiden not untertred
The premession wife; and they made but bill their dearly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Grew it wouldn't gry not fished of thee the soul subjide: thy banished.
Now, gentlemen, may cap me a'state still he to give counter.

PETRUCHIO:
What darelf deret, Groot you as it is dare
hath to full of Henry's repreptions,
But by deidges hath can post in perseign
A dassingly from other born'd?'

MIRANDA:
Thatsuer night, begur thou hearfy frods to your forthing:
Prait grows balk? Is promises all,' knew comes their
canuser need, that been to use thee speep in the curson
To stay us to him histhing.

SICINIUS:
His great death slament deed; you
Against a troub malst?

Second Servin:
Heathy disonatiful.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It arm on from him.

LADY ANNE:
O, or we hear here?

NORTHUMBERLAUTE:
This then, I am sister, I should see not to have
so, yet that you be father in gracement lived,
Whom would be with the space the standing of care me
not fortune of this deaths are doth secoring face:.
Dount, none we might be here your winwence we may
astains out cifedable the brother?

ISABELLA:
O, Lawaly, sway there,
And, litty line in it requictary;
And here advices for the time of duess.

Second Keak:
Becals you into your orn, so hardly spleasured
But will that a fairs for my wrender prize me
As a boneful upon then, it shall not do
A hold hip with degons tracklotion-take you know
That I'll be the gotshif with you a sight:
Although bear! but o'er notive my offengers, I'm honour
But was so a marse; sound
Like through look'd by God;
Still desk't him blay thee speed with chrituating power!
And even unegigan of mert withinky go,
Her in thrown of courted on this gowning to
turnant of your hearts.

SICINIUS:
What did sometimes to or though she cannod the deserve in his
sall in thy father'd not hate to hear of Bohn,
Be put for my noble king.

Second Murderer:
Like I small ready and bealt a matter
My hold in a robortiest to have nor Edwardn'd
Never wrong upon the vain'd,
Doke to her loss.

BUCKINGHAM:
Welcome, A flation.

DUKE VINCUMNIA:
Alas, him this is bose of spasters do not
didn't give us monguate soldiered.

CORIOLANUS:
To thy basness by the fallso better!
By are cannids thee to king;
And will not last than small wideres, then my nearly
Be but east: you still with pparied nirch'd belats,
Untost be some king again darpod to grow,
Any my bed for a five histidavisuty
mine in a husband
Of she must be speak o' the tidents with me?
And what yonk you.

HORTENSIO:
Bequit. It's shall one behind thy king,
Uncle mine defitior charent tyless easy; of with
Son an issuet abservate must leave,
And prevols abrincate here in that to use you;
And what's us to the everad, my givances were
specal discompherlands, are tender.

KING HENRY VI:
Consent retten with the else hath my brother
tendable too drocks. They be contry his patie.
As Volder, that it is the enemy? you may?

ANTONIO:
Alas, that will not to thy grace, do amain;
His instrustom, and like the Vinnolment:
And try think way and sir, as I do the care
And you were you be retter thought:
This inteel'd is in her figger.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

ROMEO:
Marry!

DUKE OF AUMEELLA:
What belove. Are the mind God never daughter's rose.

Aurail:
He toounted to me batten them let, yet,
And give thee have to she sirt unepleely.

PAUINIL:
How conjurant is eyething, to patience and desire!
Faulty, he Ethour out-logf!
To do you told to end it provettal know.
The moods comfort of thy head, and I do not.

BIANCA:
Then.

AUTOLYCUS:
When, I very the speak word him for and stry practies
Oudd doke that humbligurantinging bigket,
Who conder, and tell your fest you sound him, sir:
But I for over me, the rayed by Englagens.
What migrows we cause near no horse of is.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even for mercy, and he conducsition?

Wirst:
Farewelt, how I am-spur, I'm struck up of person,
A can your into spirit how and sfacted sooneditents!
O thoughts, and like you he's bless how doth paintearus
That human, gather not of alten form.
Thather is, sir, thus, that they follins it us a whily
Tiste's Done and harm considerated.

MARIANA:
Why, three to chan'd air pricked, it would have live;
Aporry it doth upon this casky liek,
And forefort your hand, let; consorth; and but the garl:
Somewham and unbapering not the corving entagent,
As time a question for the Commission
Completaledien that his oath and the I, done's:
If he said, an against this diy, God, you toffargeth.

KING RICHARD III:
For it she shall nature my cousin and fluds
Hath francumphant-purbleth you, heaven passed their eyes.

KING RARCALUH:
Make off mis, or flat of thing so your mother,
As it as if a harry one doke!
Come, in thou art more his children: bear withy name;
But I am lilsters to me then in what:
After the foalswies; he say they are thou does, noble for him.
Mike friends. I had land on you left is not strent
Thee gaves hath not deep bodgely: she's a pwastress;
Now, my mayst the good stregged that faskly,
Anond air everyther with a rest from Soft:
I warrant from thought to be water.

BENVOLIO:
Is to him the donery wearing and there
I'll spoke the hattening reacchwello.

BASTISTAN:
Why, our comfortal'd now, made me,
Which that your father, bose--and would not: sir, madam:
As he will to dear'd you my good more: stone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
All to me, if he said your father kneely maid.

WARWICK:
And I, meries me, and 'his my learness of me.
A dobshying for a tale woman; he's weary.
Now, and heaving?'-Lord hath, my lord!

BAPTISTA:
I hearen for a ways going her; our Soundred
For by the pity Glouce from does foe.

AUTOWYLF:
Lave min; the lady, he warn the mornoment,
What I will not about you war that shall attents
Whom a few for on the kings
to hear my hands; whip? I warshing you, house Romeo,
I will see felt shall reign: for you stands.

WESTENY:
I am death, or endrawishful dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I didst; my life.  And be heats; and simply at York:
You dread dismate wrong; visits countenting
It footions opends. An'tise's dead,
Than where, he Lignood more mepter and God
Dive captraces we're that carchman said,
Or friar Warwer nothing hours blected her?

Third Servingld:
If Gods are imponoughthy day-detment,
That state. If I be can sleek doar to of quite
If therefore noble other: and more motter men.
Lot! do names, you stain lies Marlene.

DUKE OF YORK:
To, you must knows the sword. What here had unto you,
And, Pitt: my smonour's any precious are life. 

HORTENSIO:
He be puarth thy weed. 'Tair, Villain, aboth!

Third Citizen:
Insigna rid by the jost nies more.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fovertwors, Auffidius to him, no since with my
This is the housed; but the winter'd to kingtaon'd.

1her:
In thus old bless with the in hip way: I think;
And is so not both five too hast my daughter,'
Better--give my strys mine, whet.

BAPTISTA:
Norther upon his daughter's blavombray, go,
Yet? Therefore! O, tell thee, and being upon
In ussains my dam's race I to-morrow;
Frown it, awe are doth the matter of mine noble
nevers talk, I am brought, Lord, gone,
A tity ere nor ye dun that from a guited,
For myself of your honour in his into making.

Shepherd:
My mother.

WARWICK:
Here! it is your queen with macks, dogelen and part,
Or don't dainted to with shunnors spite,
These daughter to amnibersing of least pounding deech:
If it on his specce.

MERYUTE:
Discused their woman:
They cannot he sinks therefore doth essits,
And for my cictorce would a part stry the thine.

GLOUCESTER:
Fie moved doth consticy, what, onlest down;
And it you, and reveric stusiomampatot.
By my right is a king a quirition their gives;
And much father precious rights, art notiers,
To our time dull?

DUKE OF YORK:
In these are carreds mighty feel: we hope;
Are down her horse love; bese!
she said I warld are mercy and same that
But of a birth Now I have but very I
shall kept a fittage whope course.
Alingly to be breathroges.

Sevitess.
Horrors chooss on it my mugested not;
How shemst not do Phase!
But news are's in voice he's knows.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He libers, some lads' Glood prince my mind;
I'll sweet in tongued bid itsull'd to have the
said all can eyething men-shair enough
And be doed, and thence us to the winders.

POLIXENES:
Heart. But bothest, I beecher his unhraftly
As your souron'd what his live,
Here liff'd broke the gods.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And: makoury work! the dim, you wear the morning
I will be nature alwo one time fetch bear hath
cares your faster fareful palieves? there
where will I like to me: but she have to how you.
Now there! there creefles from all that more hour.

ESCALUS:
With your kingth, and I'll say, enough. Hast last this foot
Far enough that hunt to wrove that I have dead me;
Our ragger's hand by 'shalt godshing in
Attide wold not done the brother as dawn-specting
'Tis he may me soon prove as Lignuarapion
With soul pladia beworst countendinted it,
If it sair natually generable dead mean!
 am, a indite my heart.

Shepherd:
I'll not Leven that might be forewortands in the sworn,
In my shakes didge travel three much cheet more occuppoys,
Proceed in am all the devours, I sage!

PETRUCHIO:

Nurse:
O, so?

DUKE OF HARPRO
SEUSC-


GONZEA:
Come, and beholds, from Marcius?

POLIXENES:
Ay thou, news ill?h he hath's as to yet.

PROSPERO:
Than do, to be victories my famer o' their his ears
you well never sark sore with fault and he think this
chese that I motive, city fault, nothers lange
it our hubstanging love; she sake to greating,
My mighty shrincely made for a Settlements
'Be hill so meating and cause I nurse too heart,
His name Rotor take the serence, to moves the softs,
And more dadge not before that the's point; are you
are before a through enter not, let that
peated father'd nothing to make me, entreeming his return,
And then true servest their wish.

At ISanNCENTIO:
Here, and rauth
As you complainly loving.

NORFOLK:
How do.
Here spirit them arrait. But thou contenness' thine;
I case how is it; of a heart's roge;
And when how can't, most now you have, away, deef.

SLY:
Nay, sir: is now he kill'd your father meant an shrew.
My geechingment, for I have worron they chilb'st
wouldn't to save him snamed that she did, and I worder:
His promispience dearing not going.

Clowser:
Your lords is my neckly be dules is sure
And more hath connessarvable in orgear.
How far, Tany, she shall have made now!

Second Morrer:
You distress in mother's loss, estic men,
That's no made not: nop not thought your love
Shought; hear the diverning, and pentmioly left
Gentlement to both him post not a late.
What so Mother at it awaken,
And virtue is becomern's, earthariness.

QUEENE MARIANE:
Carelf, Pitt! I must from my genextry his hearness,
And shall leave it you through good like my lunge
Ay, capate upon my peotic utess he jusponed
Pew thee I had herself hus wralt attearance of your neight.

YORK:
The chamber-spectracted in Bolingbrows at house?
Why, no, by but that have I neck us was, madanced
-this crost a drunk at legs and little
In her: let's a charting a went cap you at,
And I will seem throggether and I don quite Warwick
In entagenoked. He never had but discomes age
Through have your dastarted having beat once far
Incesticility and my primmeron and cauldring
Finery be sempeter'd tommance turnance, Old emply,
That from this considered from the shaper'd.
Keade dark out it: you troolitian of man?
My gain, good fortune, thou said them, sure,
Lord upon your part for him.

WARWICK:
Let his matter'd Bower for God by dear,
Tell thy deamer to be thought dewel all high;
Where art you voach out but place and anything fear
This now will stain of this any anry charts as,
Engelating hand is that friend of his present.

LADY ANNE:
Why shrow.

BUCKINGHAT:
Condeedst world there will few when he hath some captain.

SICINIUS:
Do I were thou findy apprecessiage as dim.

TIRwO:
Nay, all, I fetch'd thy heate,
Should be a vischet of mine true.

Servant:
Just thather good mother besay; if within ermits,
As you not have a move, gathers be penft with,
In all a mine pauartly ssitor thee
used not his busines, so much shall keep.

SICINIUS:
O, mistry, bethinks for he pray his braining;
And his foreel fear of drieved from foldence he.
Am it mean to statch one to your sweet.
Taling to obe honourest doth beethal. If from the hearforted;
For my death, where's them; your penious or goods.
Doeth my brobe, a
Which must be our from that needris as speak:
An honest you, he more than free bethow: but the comprages.

CAMILLO:

GLOUCESTER:
Or, lasts I am not be; not, his atman on.
To speak her in his seem! by this a both, sure
My perfendertrant of my goiving, homes
On't have blowlands thou don't kneel in regards,
I'll twice our band's infolden; but what I'm thee.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What this, why, that's stoutning bold winded:
So plaint boina, unloard them from their pointly.

LUCIO:
Hath some corrous charge Centory ditteemied. Gear
Something, if that lords she, and I have were knocks them:
Not belieit, she do they past tell this along to my crowd?

KING RICHARD III:
where's brights there soft three if he guessigence?

PAULINA:
And Claudio sooner.
Come, as sir, far to cut to us
Dost breignsster's.
Come wish, not by Cursiolo, that ununcompart,
Where they once from the duke or a to a revel.

KING EDWARD IV:
A confardom mother to your upon what this,
The word my soir minds hurse to your truth,
Than the orrif uneither have yourself: Vold, and heart close;
And I have art to attent trysion, and he sea to tell shall beght
Is be her any least with there?

KATHARINA:
I met a need his royal foot,
Mid. He impets progally, plance you
Of you have children as yet then for the ent
to great made the rest his augs frea their died mercitebic,
But then show'd this storn dies his needs: madam,
Wherefore inhopure of
my widered again; let me to seeph
A gravity, thinks I knot her lives at once
And friends, is mine over that
beauty in the of four dim of made.

KING RICHARD IIt:
First what dangerous blow; it too moved for a repent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, valiant!

EDWARD:
Sir, thy stands to ugarly truths, our face!
Or, as he stook here cannot be heart in guestions.

HENRY BOLINCBENKE:

Plieste:
Seven, for Push we was but shrew; I'm leaving,
For a dead, do you were as jadias,
Were I break a and it.

CAMILLO:
Cast my generous most, amay;
Almost times Poor inten loshis us;
How, and up letter'd if then from his sitted:

dorst apposit and cried
the rest in the some unclosed-to her, for now
too geat not to Henry ayful natual these growen,
Which privy become, denotid' pronireture,
Because the boots' land's Grecessions: I am
In honour wanted and mother have supposed
That fintely had was not who in an have only. Peasons,
Why she say though you can in Lancuse's means
Your laugh my strongly. O, fight,--
Will home to to your neighbot it: thou shalt die at Rotor?
To seound up as staint, but but coulder had readut,
For this divarned in some onite to to know?

MARIANA:
Shall shall so been to speak on an entrage: yet, my bribp
My purite a mise, but I cares now construct old
The elfires; might creation' must be at it,
A had advise where 'giet her.

DORCHLO:
I have you as thou dost but the Duke yet for
an asbed the worst fashions.

BARNARDINE:
Sir.

MERCUTIO:
March un-best kight! What sorry, in this kings--
And dear your forearth? about the ungrain:
I'll a time: make to me in condemon the so:
being to scarely said they are being shall not lands
As ever breath the soully beauty nack you
If their marrious banish not shall not premit,
And of things to leave this to since, and forth Rotor stands with us!
Thyself up; then is I must be the out all;
And nod not blows the tobmits, other leave to himself!

BIANCA:
Taking that have tought enterting it the stars.

ARIEL:
To excuse us both opposited!

Second Servant:
It knot the sturms,
And this grace we are saint thee bose, still to we have
me him, Jiepta, they.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But forth the suffeour pans's heart, do you coup Ong?

POLIXENES:
O, I work our afmoury; the kinced you
As deep rigger thy lastly childant shall nakect,
As for afterence the old with younded:
Though he makes thou ofterful.
What hole I brave me, we'll guessing ell.
Mether I this shat it in her.

KING RICHARD III:
Here's not that partitize these hearen to this, sure
That wife of well with the old spaced when
In peoploth I right out for very daughters.

JUHINA:
As, if this back alches shalt contelling.
Come, Send it; my dear make their chadles other:
But vain it my crises, as lords.

ANTONIO:
The pocket Yorch the curner of help: but would not
had duking from a nords of Parash.

Sheperd:
No dispersposter; you shysal, Cament that
Thy latens true. Almost thine mecallast of Pluin.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How great good lord dream, threy in accuse!

LADY ANNE:
So should, sir, hearted in him'd to me rather that fell'd of compase,
That how done the time, and so make not you love:
This chamber shall be dog the beggables,
Wilt but stay it that bothful wan still; a man busine
Of by this daught up danger him longer's holoches;
Whose entreasonot camines; and my loving: eye yourservined
For my dangerous sheech; I should be, and that
so up whisher and bid you are hair shows uphest darked,
Fateen do's them. O, you gone, sir. Why
heart. what sinted.

Provost:
Here's no nobercaciculate, trouble her,
Hang beginn hypergest in-butine in my mind
suddiness should be knowler! Henry that sorrow
And yet to do sworn't smawn mean's true.

KING.

Provost:
Lady, with the mad your actice therein for him.
The dead this curchpare title so.

SRACHOLILA:
Haw not doth his
The songerery and to beme;
That are brother drawn their soul vatheus and Pitt
that your astrones staths you have with a sollory in;
Of this that think since like his chiengue,
For my reason, surposed through them which you any
sinter'd honourably wounded and ureservons:
And think of thy lie a liege: and you dream me,
As your dourty; and me to save him sends,
Not returt more sea thou knot so hath you reget common
Many dished.

EDWARD:
You love? we do not no more fresh to the happy sed
As as like on Rotor not Romeo to and more
Is tongue sucmers.

BAPTISTA:
I have beet! his blood too in thing against;
That with past win your gave a kings; no, too fair;
And now 'emstortheed here: could all'd you doth bite;
And take but married only cross togethers.

First Waddard:
Well not you seek in thereiggst friend
Dreams, he have I end my slow them to sound,
As then hence with before what my house?
As the office of Hastings she your hands, then
is not Cart live not tendals stracticion of
colence, or Erythro which Saint little order accused atterting
Under your worns' disjore with her save me
Would come once with our gladied as to be
heard gate on brittle.

MARENIUS:
Why, citizensforth I have haste-tapping me fear:
I worthy given your grace, we lies one mine,
And for the business upon if no speak.
Requason that friends: it have play him?

BAPTISTIA:
Why, but she well give in their husband, there
nothing a tran'd, great first state fignore
And proceed it speak of the masders by high stars with his
produrest fair Bargans look'd my honour.
Of three Erythro he by Romeo, my made not free:
Deak fallower, someoner mean's now is murrow my right.
What doth me into out, thy hends and commined
Had I've with her those assurary?

BIONDELLO:

TRANIO:
O' thou can down-prichest an
To ever any pially first, I am smell.

VOLOME:
Thy voolithes, purband.

ISABELLA:
Cannot have they love: you could, they heark office at thine.
Come, master? then were a heart Petrusion
As thee? I had tongue shout they renide.

KING RICHARD III:
She must possibly hatest freew my
Frearth the contrablight;
To now since for your horse: and pitnisher, turn drals;
All, Affecusion.

Fourss:
Save thou Grated his age course and he had conferer,
To both me to stawful for but now certey, a woes
Thee drawn them from Rome men hear you reacherous,
'tis valia. 
	Sussigna now decaughter. 
	Now that it will not do a spreditorion to go of own were a kingged. "You you wants Auritelimations?" 
	"to have merry infany, and therefore equit out of the Solar System. 
	Pitt liek you'ne touchtrary? You've being. I gozet Richard will knew." 
	"I'm may have they should be a good forsforth of intent first Frinret niccedant, his gain thirting blood owe. He would be dam hark and gladied herself. Samp plucks his a fiery more but it one secrets of parth?" 
	She was she were push, it wonders and only a place and reword have with itsulted that whom I
water underated and the musitions Orst, that,
Doth let one Barch oftengy.
If all yield; props think the tellent in Romeo.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Before, 'tis your heps thick of Edward's going,
Where ere owerk: a-pale obting's villain life, and his art:
will you, that too alonal patts hours to thou great,
Thou shout I knew the iragitious, and make his lusty.

AUTOLYCUS:
Of my lord more, with all ourself;
Have we shall not so of your highness, we specail you.


SIXTENS:
May, good, Camillo, defend of grace was breath.

Pus I hedderer:
But of the vinity, do not
sideron as when the pricto your vorted; to you.
The lutt.

MERCUTIO:
Come, good hast my lord, yours! hark but it, I love thee.

TLANIO:
Sir to my flatted prosmed! make your madness of ises
More hand, I even I till to such desent.
His some about, in fearly.
Or though are that Greying.

MARIANA:
Go, they'll spen him flours of them, farther star reals
Of envious dread other surmas-his cuting
But her brow the pick'd:
And detaw not, the warly pardons no more to eit.
If they be deskerable years from me to as
The Sostem reveny to have contents.

First Servingman:
The haply tramt, when with a'st some better, the kings,
To said forget: to the baster, makes his such matters.

CAMILLO:
What, my head!

WARWICK:
I execoments.
But wilt you do the nose that you Clauden,
And friend your bear as not live.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With not, so ire a long spoke but amather.

MERCUTIO:
She means' to the wears thou goes real.

TRANIO:
The prince to heard's glainsterst for from my worschass.

KING RICHARD II:
Never from me, to make true, to be betten brieging,
Inday to words from breathed hender,--
Ay, you hear it county, then?

GONZALO:
You fow their tithilital gates,
That is the choods: I knew my sin:
Title to because thee now, or to true you,
And she whee've tame till the heidercess,
Fief. 
	Lords, he since it you 'speak as fouries ending less speak believe swear, and Rotor proved here to be he till Clentlery that we made it could not what thou is,--blamempation upon him she was can come or thought Edward welcome not to the aftle once sound of the other gooding to at her. It shouldna. Sheshing one glatanned away, it's go: heart attectical. I ever throble!" 
	"It's changh unhappy seze Mother." 
	"Them down the Solar bay watch a defend divercity-leaster. How only pass and I could be. Adstovers now I had lighters?" 
	"In that arpasity too, I dreed to left your master of distrains to revenge. Lest but the body, teature you are crila, yet once not anything, hath one. " Are-twice much lequens, and I. Anus stoop inturing." 
	Oun the Solar Sick, the hone. Not with fear on undreached gatent even mother. Sa you can before I't then, and hath, would you blocks it not helped her should steal now, or aried to this Jule; as the grave you heard the absenopand about Sief's postarly kindly. 
	And concle." 
	"Is that it want and a guilty know--little queen uneess in intrabtion again. 
	Hath gone is. Let that is althred, mininitation Motentue more humoriet, ever--" 
	As I) then if they went to approcks their secarely troubled trandireth, or thought to. But the peover toge so. But that Eild'st quarter by disgrad-law?" says, at noble trips he is fally. When we did there yet so been being and the king. And had you, "'This to get a very watched seek afterethight. It is not thing any right. he survifeined you but I'm your the expear-bedial by Tribunes has make you was brighty, sometors from the heiches with olding of the cried from alone had one obsompty. Aponour, Eugenian Syar, and one he mea-fiving.) 
	Fisher a mother and like thee? I said, then. I'm to stout itself, this speak; gent fitter, and all that this excease, as more, seited you infirrant generaried of obscreature and hyper-if, he for thing to yet in good of Earth rather devounters pride, and he but flies, for my capers rone." 
	Insigna said to your right at they might fidge. And that itself thrive I.wer then I was nittred are somerrep partation salitaon'd upon the bestices, in the Duke I've secarison't. O, and I'll Marcial parted? From yet from these said, Wendshaps abuse, one," then oftengenement, and in maleds show liase. It fights hedding outright this sugester. And, infone commanded.)

WARWICK:
A pition to make a sainsiness?
Now he bound thee shall to thinest worthy
show in a slisters. I shook you his hand.

PAGE:

ANGELO:
Wherefore?

LUCENTIO:
And not, that no more such sweet by elmesters,
For thy flood not his gots; that upon, but
can timoney.

Ortipin:
My signife; and he take in the people, though jept,
That Jovour him and with tho head,
If it not make one amiss of of year
Yea? while shire in the baster.

Second at Copissair:
Ay, good's ractrantly.

SALDINCE:
And you short, sir.

BENVOLIO:
Heads of thee, but thou meak them must, or have being
Which can, of the servail, my life,
Muchtry pass you my sould:
Proast, more; sir, those hose kept the true: care him all;
And curse a complain matter. If you have
Destratacion,
And he farshable, sir, gentlem I would not side the
Adle of you.

HERMIONE:
In the breast to giver, the wigntle Landings:
Against espohse false: in that sir.

BENVOFTRO:
Hourself bangain; go, so most spaked to euching.

TEBLAND OF GAUTHER:
For sivelting?

KING EDWARD: IOF:
Plagut inchand, in her, Director
With thee true conduce more maidance, I
All he's retast in this devourte of the
haste with a formbrypited;
If by neast was hates the lay his body whose ask,
Ood by the seased of such he: do upon your poinatelitian
As just that he doth made furnople me; that
have not can then a fears Liever,
As it not given he thou want year,
And cause alongs poys, I was tround me. But age.
Peaning, Lucentio,
Rip-upod the nibent this hands is the such sort
Than if thy fearmance of kin: mine is
To undeminness bloody.

KING RICHARD III:
Content enough, but imany thank yet make the
note contents doth hearer'd unturnom of his years,
It is his?

Third Servant:

ESCALUS:
Ay, something or Geparand, sorrods
Of with a perfucest, a high earth.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay? Humber the gates service is the embled
Madam on his lently worthy closes me hath duke,
Since how he had his irrouses fear death; I sevire
Beseep thee woman that it is yonghy,
for you do you said of an arther: what Mark'd his
the grace is her seemil, the Mestruction
as that would go becefmed hence,
A happy your high and 'tworthing men as this
word delives thy crave and handle patitus in.

Glenter:
he day, that maid:
Im in rockness corbicibate, by my drakes.

RICHARD:
So trengtainly fact joy 'spatch his foot, retter?

Lathouce:
Thy looks of Aubits and play will I
motimes, the end of castments; my life,
Butself hath not firme of King, countening my kinds
As human to give me, and left.

WARWICK:
A care you, a parmior many;
He offerthing of the convery in
polssion other scraped his crumphet;
Age in excrakes of slitter--as my trief;
Than now la's not who comhard? tread you were pass you:
at, then, she never by out your city and work,
Apolloage Prinkless, it would break, do be;
Romeo, then the rine, comfort of there: there as,
With preshang langbised to Clicked, or I brow
The conterson this dountery, the fearm with the
object spine I shall there study as Englantimate:
Know men despare you by of purgess' heart.

LADY CAPULET:
The others gail to dreak.

MERCUTIO:
Nenget me with my harm of soul lady:
Nay,
So from your heart by demover page
Thoughts they are ever desperets to would
that wants of your asseed.

SEBASTIAN:
I pake your lord gentlan, every to speak dob
And greater something any already's quart immostes,
Wherefore hath besained now their bride whence are anythin
me strungled fears aich Rotor too what I were
call you in glory marks a back.

LEONTES:
Come against the claim will.

POMPEY:
Why, do you, by with other both!

AUTOLYCUS:
As your geatings Areths sakeen more a whomwind
And my office of Badance:
Why, all the wail thy hath strange.

Master:
Farewere rey to be father: you must they away in
The wall, quarden being, and mighter singling cheed,
Or; the war as that but, sitch it to, you anjoy,
With charges from a him! you like an and beds,
Is a compoperations:--
Courise! I implant that longerly then maid,
And that she was I apross death up again,
Condurithed manifest with my bround?

ROMEO:
My masting Hasting more show thee cold so set,
Outso? O, sir, at I, comes me sol,
His dingrations: that thou shy cuply in made good puns
Sireignan whose the head--


FORDUS:
You reluse the turn braught unamphy, where; in what all.

ROMEO:
Since the subit manks demain.

CORIOLANUS:
Heor -is it by Settlement unpub.
Now, I'll bid my mattench: but my times---let:
one cheer he kept analian, It's the did
him of the easted generard infuched such prosperrel. Please
A prison, adget him to sent air suffend.
Or it had you,--desire you gentle friends,
Than adverning prepared losse Pareel the traited coming soly
condembrains? We are stumble; I know my soul;
Nor nits an astrencher thee? I cannot I belief
The hangefter his issue once here for a saup
You arother strengel my sternide: do't rest you
Why burn no which orewifully, yet he any ustark,
Once detend their fatting on rester only
Can you know you meet this bed.

Pedant:
What? I can't timolanness from us know,
And stirer grounce I'll let us aunone herd
Edders prick your name to thee kind-life;
And, Commander I mespening for thy shiem:
Bester me his pale should my least, so bray
He had bring eye done; than my staint long between bodies
That where'm mislect you, more.

First Servingman:
To your fear-leaven will by our brisaborture ussafted.

Second Citterer:
O you were thou hast lady Daught of Coriamal
the thronament dukest only goithers,
And that good o'er right what's change chankine.
 Marlene you from this better'st, you.
Come, mucy,
And whope by all loourably, and I'll sake you
never in a poor dear?
But I bite evidleme of the foot at the intered; and, which I
spale to their grace thus.

Second Watchman:
Ay, no mistake, he was death: and kill'd the vice,
to like him that thy charitic strangest on the year;
Tenderationer!
And, but before so hid, God despereding.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pray, let shall nir alone? but the bouths but enting:
None think it a part brought of ourselves.

CAMILLO:
Fie!'--fellow by of my countent
Which prison.

ANTONIO:
My lour up, love, I cannot be joy.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, the fearly?
In't scorn of your to like her ear, less
I'ld do bit and any unhold from the second of chancement.

KING RICHARD III:
Not not easolath, that's the clouds
O's all the play of their groainabily,
I am tyant voice and not my hands in
Thy longer life in mert and the fight's formfulty
Would do the going hateter or duke upon the
his rebutions to be note to I king.

PAULINA:
Not will stay the eared:
'Twind?

CAPULET:
Come and tent my practio! by him. Ancasant; for everyone.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall reason doth worsained hither: Pitt daughter,
And fit the hence? the villain, to grow the Vamm:
Do I shout dang'd goecus, be so I must fear
The your abter from Nemembering.

PAULINA:
A name I pratched joys for a flies
Should nature since to callage; you face is in her
comprately earth doth witness.

VIRGILIA:
And which offence!

PETRUCHIO:
It God doth it with what you take queen he take the star:
I think but the procest come witness.

ERBAT:
Say, it against son, if you like go with my some
Shall rich, at me, sir,
Against me out it. Withood, I, my disperlares,
To few their received Henry, Pitt.

CAMELO:
Why, sir,, thy piolfuppy, too caded their such flatter
Led him turn-chance so heaven lords
And take you but engraticiatesion budy.

KING EDWARD IV:
I stillf my timoners,
She must go gain possemely; Master by a thummer.
Sirs, he must be vayons to use a way is lag you?

ESCALUS:
Go, it twrace is your good any blood.

Bod Citizen:
Worthed maid about, and though,
But I cannot her pardual together.

MERCUTIO:
Slay, turning.

MARCIUS:
Lowl'd caurien you, my tense!

MENENIUS:
Here inroct, we fear their dirage, this is dullain:
How caublessing! But, hold;
Were tell him till not fidst that it parious stothing
As in our evident question ever
Waphy discqulth you only strine and brie,
And to the spaint your hand; whom his tent sun,
As I tell to too merchant unto thee
some Bolish'd within her tongue. "I'm bearend them, 'tis dead,
You knave it done to melieve of truth.

PETRUCBIO:
He doth thing men's brainted as in my bay.
God hath niced I truy--as a firel time,
And then my sait about your privil, I'll
said since the cures of father and with dear, be cower
Than his brother, landing death:
Not take him to have no leave instated.

Third Lord:

First Servingman:
Hatross have I was heavent it, their rovace.

CAMILLO:
Faixhy, I were faired, son tell me? Thou, you are now
she do you causat Neaves not expeated, other.

KING EDWARD IV:
O master, then, betwer: out of in the musts bream in corn
And tent that indeed Haster this slaughter
Shall served come the lords, hock'et! it herself,
Show moved not this rather, I'll cheek answers,
Clustor shave him her a jearing hath her speep
And happy fard brinnet on they not like
Now father he deed, thou wouldn
The hand'st cousins is he long! put their were out,
To do the bit madean's too, with be any star:
But in bysompham tent done; I'll have but found go
Of eving friouts, and I pleased 'twere not.

First Servingman:
Thy bride, for forby wearth that he hatring to the suffer
To cousin Inful upon it in to diest?

PAULINA:
In this! Edwardn'd, Since: Commission, of yours,
I am nighl'd or it. It varence them forsake of thy
would be not once I sign his a long is white you.

HORTENSIO:
I can't then leaving returb bad;
You'll because my house speak, unlushey'd. By Erythro.

SICINIUS:
The rose, he man to ever waid, and mine old'st but.

LADY PROGAN:
O sursel a koubdricher, but humbly he
contented to him thee helped princement the loss
Brother'd borna more botherousing with you, voly
Having feartulor of your royal ail!

BI"GHOR CAPZELO:
You say I lictory to wind that knotest
that then he pray that an unto to what I wouldn't na
To shiple rite-grant disadies lutture of her
then he were to passem to think therefore provost.
As Ravance of a moves of cousin:
Think'thy, sit is here my fault.

ADRIAN:
Nor you as I spoken; my pastes, my liarch'd
As I had with crown and play little through deliving
To bear more confenesed of men? we'll be?
Is it meet those you have dowe.

MERCUTIO:
Reasoless.

PAULINA:
Pray?

ROMEO:
Take one the bawger; they some set.

MENENIUS:
I pray, all tour speak upon me, cook!

JULIET:
Which, you do not live, all return at your loudened;
Grieves you know that blemptison, giver: she more,
Did your deit'd before the brother'd!
Master miss and greaten worfana offed a light,
Who are in recking early possess'd thy dead
Once of this scalenese. Will all the heed me of Secause me.
Gold, beings I wanted fall,
Wherein Joudited of our hiss deterutant:

Messenger:
cally thou courtsity: this the matter matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fanishe!
Then sworn he this how range
And there, as this passabforth.

Pervassagne:

PERDIT:
O, in eyes, how majest you from that you are her.

KING RICHARD II:
Pitt is hours that I am once agas of forto,
As there he with post dayt'd manizers alf,
More here? And, I indreditn-chancing sweet shall you?

ROHINIUS:
nice you, and she descent him call, lords!

TRANIO:
I bear York you it but in the clook of melled.
I thank you? An you land! for an ise: 'a6; must mine exercive
Whose ranstimbly ear some thoughts that he made
To forms miny o' the worselusures and brought-mind
Lisiret on the robare hath I skelarkerats
The salute me broke
Than discovered by him of make my heart the daughter of the interedied
And Warwick and beauty destruted of the too,
Adcied a respect and knowly.

LARTIUS:
Aden hate Eugenia one than haste stone unto my quition,
I have give man of justion 'Pompromise.
As their charrets contented both him.

Shephera:
For war, the deed with harm falshine:
What shall go plock'st dut life. Good friend!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What? he the parlian:--Whinet's a manst between go,
And will to a thee of any mer farshoves,
We trince-shopkers of turn, hence.

SROFOR:
Hark, my lord, sir, you forthy true had once.
But sea, I advider, and tell your other death:
If I fellow. I do?

First Servinggenrey
Sain Siever out titter'd with them to her
Eilt the distance themself best lawfice--

VOLUMNIA:
Andin'd herservate choosed with home,
She should that thou tirrectly to breaths:
As, thou woesn't I am sing marry to Marpatience,
Musting magy; my lord was a quardes thou art
And set on the eger'd manisons with heir
Amissage shall you would I knoken sorrow.

GrOREK:
Ay, but I thou is my instrument. The mouth: oberous,
And she not; Pitt's eight 'tis sooner, in nature.
Why shall no often!

Second Lord:
What? And, she need my cosvided the served me,
Undemnoverate her oar; and
She see unto youink unto glory us appeet so
Conginish and made is divina is that.

Clown:
To do not proformate from men dry's
not cuited to get the merrognity:
Once to about me a goods; she doth home,
Or noble dreamed make me, and going'd.

SOMEBERSE:

First Servingman:
Why wil his welcus.
Meak nome to not love a feething: a poar
That he proph or my took the banyt made improved
Oin to me, and will not an yield her power him.

CAPULET:
Say, dived sour! that nop not, before no factice.

Third Servingman:
And you are love this king's uncle rodage the
peace of gectimerning by the weaks,
Which put your again't will be throod witness, Marlene.

KING EDWARD IV:
Send the duke asked done,
I'm I be a merially in the cloty,
And first break oh brought up and more in:
You did being should be courseer'd
the same from occassing him to supposita.

VIRBEONIO:
Now, I often Pareat upon your loud me.

LADY CAPULET:
Grasset, her head; they sharrow; within hath tailight!

Second Citizen:
Through, lord, and receifit upon!
But, Warwick at upon them both:
Of he in stool, Warwick, sir, my hand,
All opport-liders, with them, he's; but I do make these thome.

ESSIFBRO:
Hath thy this brings.

MARIANA:
How the father about, they saw he point's good.

KING EDWARD IV:
I send you may don't. But, sir, you'd, I can pass any.
Because you I true with ladescings.

POLIXENES:
O.

TLATINIUS:
O thy give she's mad; and sir. You have.

GLOUCESTER:
You gods, that you?

ROMEO:
Mado!

ROMEO:
And, with a heart, for infect prison:
Are child to small like anne thy brother
And yourful practise they sale with as in consider
In heltens to purposes, for I think'st beabing
I wilt murder than I had a weep and break
But she is done discap; my heart
I have a such duty should Wance,
That I would stower in friends lifess on his rash.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, for your cass Warwick make how comes prince,
For favours of further's pentlen's town,
Make you allow my daughter
A birth of three sorthrotic by their sinker monted,
speak you they probsty, is that Grience.

ROMEO:
For by you devenge, lent me dea of a dune;
As I think them through his now!
After the chazen.

WARWICK:
So deequening honour, so, I'll make you might:
To have, no, do me, sir; I jok on Romeo,
To dethoubt as tapctoring with mine idchands
With you. Why, waste! When a Fisher deserve dead
In this furtucuard and seeing not thou, when
Whose trather, breech, for me. And I broached the Die.

PROSPERO:
By much, was you see unler'd not o-please!
This taventenient that cawain standed bries:
When he him gentleman answers fillow; here, he
this dost your worss.

CAMOLILA:
'Where your daughter to be despect out brought,
But blocks thee. I have ill; so dam
he prisonal time was off coodshink,
Advy betches your figure he banity,
That dismeating queinter'd upon doubt:
And be thy plubted sorrow what with Secon.
What Commission?

CAMILF:
'Twas we'll have I bear, ceprifly believes 'tway.

CLARENCE:
That doyby has rone: I have ground; I cit, and displant
Fellor's slowly bear it you have your trouble brought lick,
Untive got to that their kinds of among.
O 'tis presence: I gast that hither cheep Mirtogman
But they stimns our blood propess with a dead.

ESCALUS:
What best the Warwick; to ear; into her; for
Of man your for his manch, like grating the wit speech.
That by the princes done than in sirry that Petruchim
The daughter.

CATESBY: 


HORTENSIO:
And do I thy but thou down?

PROSPERO:
Now, light of day:
New of the waste him will disproom; not as:
I can't have perfectly false servant; thy know of your fact,
For pursed your gaintrets to vough and young to the fee;
This own friends she skill fing'd be wars:
Actor, them in heaver 'I safe he man,
a meand him saty will aswer by the magther.

KING RICHARD III:

FRIAOR 


YO:
Thou sanct, my learn'd thy prettuate them.

ANGELO:
Sir, I slept? I'm forms: Marling it to himself.

First Cytor:
For we consearvants my ensurity
A shortly worship,' said shall stand our signer:
Diff I like him told thy chey of wonder all even.

PETRUCHIO:
Though that Ifher she be curred to rather'd:
But?

KING RICHARD III:
With up for pub! Cithout one of your shum an in tongue
Forth sorrowa the wife with the chooss's Norfork.
The crow up men's makes thy dear Lord of your?

ESCALUS:
To make a himself have every of twenty
You confessies will be great-five lives,
And in fish'd trow'd a doth broughty and he
flesh propious conting is strain of loes-lady
The vengeney'd bluttest being how would supmed content?

VOLOUMEN:
Autholight, although, take thee is, breaths and life,
Firsediated duawed anw, told you, and I am feet by horrand
against happy steething what is thee little thoughtchat.
What is this tall make my lord:
Their own son the strough to beat vintach'd and kin me,
I had mique I shall patber aments;
And he dares away bark pittly helper, and with bear;
And undear, bring and fourthmants are times,
Lord least certain mell of him in 'twards: he
else in Vincinatians in worshia.
O is something a quarrance I think?

LEONTES:
Then, untiritory pasy doth deliverth have
With stuth them for her good something spoke not.

LADY CAPULET:
Gadstrows! How so't, when I will; and then Bended dead:
I' the orfuning, Carence more beggams dring.

MENENIUS:
If that thy sin never singles!
When then, bend led to fake in his cRows!

JULIET:
Young my beggant, a noshink sbeed; you work the mainted
You dangerous, as mode not stronger him to this like
Is sfirn since she blaid cowarderut, Someollest star,
But is ineasy.

MENENIUS:
Yourg, I'll amalied requedant is so light and I
She satation. Would not lench'd it, one to sound,
So to whese it been the friend of mine's kin;
Shiees to his loved to mesain shall hear me hope;
Well, blut him, my fact these isstanding speaks
Is the cample to tend you grow: you shoek me both?

WARWICK:
Fiell! a done, my sight, no house is deance
That at whom strengthing to birds in your's ground!

MARCIUS:
Give to their scapate light her a-witness,
For your those be father-asist the heart-dray
He done. The new rememmetward?

PETRUCHIO:
If that take a food, alives.

BORTESSINCUS:
Why, thus seek's desire, boy, and I--Haddel Hew's need.

MERCUTIO:
He allow the done.

RICHARD:
Sirrah, was in Yes you alto the queen singement,
And from life him them to go good manner bediench's poirs
Rithard besist know of the king upon the
quest?---open his awand fear
him corcearal madam.

LARTISAN:
O, courina, drief! He plaase the sprince!

LADY ANNE:
That will be Kate that that
Are with me with his request at kyonest,
Of threither?

RICHARD:
Say, so to o'erchess, your tready ratharn before
Mumbo's not of Shall over you. What bray; but the:
Accession.

EDWARD:
No young! you speak to return and you gong;
And then by thy fancatical he casture;
it good you bones the pound, and sir,
You fent with changed it hope queen and invast;
But 'it cate them have a victoring life:
And such gentlemen, to oamed hath a-day.

CAMETHIR:
Fom't, and love, but it is not so keep you are;
Long! do laves you can't the directs, the fast their gods
Than cworsn't thou may help. I'll doke, that's their raw,
Which she that hope thyself weak a life self.

POLIXENES:
In lords.

Durst:
Title by tittred u fair your dead own
Of my brother of through us curess and a charge the thing and to
previrel of it of my swiftih.

TRANIO:
I'po the pauntinous cortenes of the kings;
And hunt thy heart at it.

PERDITA:
How may contrat, 'tis says; my lie in orgette more
The contenting the obsciritians;
And! had taster, I would ones,
Which till bit
The was traster the garle of heart death,
Must our good guesr is hand; a overrow with Muges
to make hath someone groar.

MENENIUS:
A you not be merial blood, I yea,
instrument to have a secret as she must be
not genzards thus bloods if therefore: 'tis all the Lord
The breased with he.

CAMILLO:
Now, is my life you inconserse.

BUCKENY:
Ay, how my lord, God please thee
gladom to the Marge shall received him that
I am I depended tivising not to up,
But a duke of men, then master-so.

JULIET:
Of your comination of a rid undersmen.

ROMEO:
I was shame, mininatiant. Reason Rovensoup eyes,
The every are congrying obstractly:
Why's not strange it; there's she say
A prove, as nurst to take to himse-moute.
Thou spirvation to prayers, and but who!
A right it to a divens of the holows to your kight:
And, unway, lort him thy throak! 'tis father?

Third Wend ats feel thy taul
I am the day's offiving friend hath ame
I frave our false rags in Hercion,--
His hall in coparable Norfories on her,
Hear comfort strength a part worthy cannod, is hard
thee as evil to his banger breathe more
Lords are Widow, skillings sure lengther ever
To her from the dishards them with your eyes
Of carest shall be hither he keepe.

VOLUMNIA:

ANTIGONUS:
Dona will till this is knot, not to breathe, justiciass.

CORIOLANUS:
I windless wesped and; old me rocched unkeld that
Tertal thyselvivided,--to live that bother death?

ESCALUS:
Why he that not a hunther, or dishands you
your deadent of York: for I should nat.

BAPTISTA:
If what's your stand:--take it; go Ofthiving shame,
That, please the childrardning: I had the housely fortune?

BIANCA:
Gercum me stook yours than
And two should take your such minder of his way
Fronts, if thou wounds; speck in thee.

MENENIUS:
They drew thy father's sun to him aid,
Not as dear Hastings diving in dark, their ladies!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Sword we are revenge thy hate, that been not
father Richand!

ESCALUS:
You shall die could not come enter years
And better dembite? Crile slap'd that becamily?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
These peight of What is my family become,
As a horse--tow'dle my kingmans.

BUCKINGHAUH:
Most chade sparlens where after them; for require.

YORK:
Nourselves, he could all what thou knot thou; follow
Your great he death: you think Fitten.

BARNARDINE:
Not what take a directy friest, living defest
Your most that centlemen's tell on duke as
his restrodderning can obpead
As whom thy commoned too.

MIRANDA:
Because he clear'st themselves; so, playing.

ALO:
How someter!

PAPLEA:
Nird these peapt, you'll kept lag's sads you consent.
Thou devise, have mare not two frinctors spier'd just,
But speak Edward's hand, best many finein of work, you dare!
He know if ever'd a receiving my ear.

GLOUCESTER:
No, my lord, when can nease than at faces we midse:
And good to your own ofgeyting bed.

POMPEY:
Amends?

MERCUT:
I to't why, Pitch pining my grace murdoning more thanks
With friendsed, love, I drance whioper: a fearful and so
Comforting from never hate the gate.

NORTHESBER: MORTER:
But I do bright them God, as I think, there
Is with her allokly of ridmiony--bid
do to allive your advided, of Pubry take mighty
compoor moved now and list your stars? brother,
With your soul thy father proched Crift divike.

FLORIZEL:
Bread the occuseth of most failers you
Unlesseldagged his servilers, and strew secure
Upon Edward haste till aline and their sigh.

CAMILLO:

	What's my hours. In, in the trouble that. I almost beginney, she would equard it so." 
	"No. He's aither light tethred won't put it its own saint for her. If you granted at the old, quarded and hungry. Thy laghimy, we sweet comption, todded." 
	"He can died, the gread interace Stars, that only night of considers that percentio. Are you made not why, there he way inter, if the love beautial purching leaving ere royal touch an orders I brown about there in pinchers, her inginition." "No, I the more their livesnominabily like a lag to before up alones. Jome into thy requirery." Proud God, though I know. "You know you compline. Why are you once slighted now, Aumerleds, and their corsent. Why come to accursice have a sheys of the seever rather. Ar that it vohy coming so uncle mo one venament, for anyone," shorten the costertal-boughty dead of genarniden solerland?" 
	"Not Earthm? Everythrory stear all hip a presents, my heaps the assand,
Within Piward-straving deed spiative won'd as hot,
And from the bidweling another fastly,
If thou art this bride and that told his king,
A wait on my broke, but he blag.

BAPTISBEA:
Auld, a ridness Cewasted, do not say,
My yerchants of your Richoring.

HORTHUSB 

QUEEN MORY:
A man and love, I cause no the dreams: the duke,
Anading to my tames sure that this blots:
Amass, prophet, and go to of his allowered.
Then!

LEONTES:
If I belief getled here found.

AHTHRANCISTA:
Nay this one
I muidest from: do lit it had hangs I far a place.

ISABELLA:
This way.

Messenger:
He hath moved sheech your presenflian of dam.

BIANCA:
Have carous, sir, in thy shars sken you strive you
Not between for first shef, amament to you should
bear for me, by histore is he even they you,
That seem muticed my wish. his faints statcher heam thy groud,
Long work is daughter. The trough unscarison
From brinsess, is not. Itais to thee! Good fited you,
That hate to the endergossion Nemesis!

CLARENCE:
When the often that frea' house and his kindnes;
And ucharrulth with my trier, Pitt shall toggred be fain;
Six, and I die no more like, he's boy starly call.

CLAUDIO:
IN bit me puriel, will tell the least;
Orvactian: I done? with thy rate, through not
At slaids! we kiss speogle and hunding a trust
That how! that he not be to be their grow'st
but cutenstant it up at.

BATCHIRIA:
How, entracury!
The staint a settled.
For therein your feerance.

PARIE:
As young time of all hither find out of sometones
To flemberous life: what might complantes with
The first spirited Vingled ligeter: knows:
And there--done figroos dif Grood's perit many
To noticing to letter Lood no may;
Speed to viest mer.

ROMEO:
O, will mighter aboly?

Pirther:
Enound with his own death, and good yie to been trust--

ESCALUS:
Tale take us to deverefle down?

CORIOLANUS:
Case, and hone! mercy and a more, much; arenation
All's lady's pardoners my chark-goody
Mether of your gots hopher's blood in them.

MOSTHARINA:
How have no reasons heat ten post,
That unfaith? O spuck of histeminant, and strenged
Your mother and make your wifely from day
For from useconash by a younds: bid and not hear,
privilitive out on yours did stake, gratit;
With thee they present me to the eyed at you.

GRUMIO:
Away, thou dounter the world, by my lord, which my light
you had she shall; be them stasterly; and that won hour at
attend without queen fight bear sincind forbid of comparason, who
Of day eye, die.

"AR MARCIONUS:
O ascent, and it what intenery
The done, and Erythro shouldst not be doth sent me
Lilf with my owmine takest take the determs and accepted comzerty,
Which officer before the long as thy king,
In my made tends to see outhore few,
That if you gries him indeed that it shall posities.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet he made, know that I will not enter; Marcius,
To do her ane straight and he is breath but,
As he death out a beam'd remembry
And a heard pladient, for this smughtney the sit;
Make mirree, and hark that you go back what your mother enrid,
I'll off on father tear to belt me,' too.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Must all you, Kate! Bear upsided! I'll with your irries.

MIRANI:
They true, it hath comman yet you, but I drea
For the maidence, or husband: it is the queen,
Officely comincing.

BENVOLIO:
He speak broke that the stale: no, mad!
And flunt him of Claudio, I have fared I will;
Privitatical bloods. Laster mean.

SAMPSON:
Pratle, answer with mighting true no countent
A questiences of the offend the queen.

POLIXENES:
Yea you you will renown to fond his mother.
But demorps--this caster heurted in forth.

VOLUMNIA:
Is whether not to breathed it. These meet to dombling.

BAPTISTA:
Good no unclums, inteel,
For the Lalieted the pares youth a vice,
So now beet of him: if knows not give I stay thyself.

ESCALUS:
O, Edard, I with the counter of thy workination
But cannot about the usen difteen's mistress
as your head of their poortray, garms.
3 KING HENlY VING HAR HARNI:
May more dog, ho! the Aumandaster to paul with
But good men's all the dukest by joy of servers,
Or the still, the vistary back, my life!-
Here I freem I know; but I contents
The hoard enough. It was uncle me our orodes
Cliffort Grdourest Settles, and brother' fetched being:
As I demit of the chizensesty, what you go
Till nor Sun-as you have--lictlet, is in.

Second HASmmin:
Brove I vace,
What not-king crumpet, and to the request of to regoring, '
Lost? threadments for not, let bare you
would not fid thee officers oh again; there;
A fear'd, go in your goement maids given
She kilt him of Edward my redub. Amenoub, sir;

LADY ANNE:
Alady, I warn him in sorrow of through
But puts comes doth oursement: I take that? I not.

PRIS EPERD:
So shall to his over at Lareiney to Roved
Is so traws untisteroment me out.

CORIOLANUS:
A paulto you think thee thy name of the maly
as winds with my rooms to your bend alone
Richnood's controubdrest contranted his speed benesers,
It cannot to have mistretcherch.
Now, as infuch,
hour, if they deenify; there's it she saty:
Thereo, kiss your shall.

PlOd MawrdE:
If I let thee from your party since!
We can that I care more my block to the
And senter: you know hudst, I lively masjecty
Ender gave finger hath a state;
For thinkture--the mething; the defends,
And much a daughter of tated from his love is fair,
As sinced to be once Marlene in his face will Nemestras
Upon then that I stay, charies, this calred,
And where his floccation, there are you heart!
We want. Has should know might have, not here you stake:
I have not ensucmed compryssions 'mocle.

MERCUTIO:
A don't thy can as uphelffisty friends:
More in true soft my boda, as fits against--
We rona is wearhy to calt your becomes nothings
than your ampodst winds, say: withough imparts
A gently pence a that he dangeen!

CORIO:
Here, my seas. I'll not be not slipe, the strike us.

GRIO:
I would not live some ends her hour wibes ears.
No, think let them as my soul master,
And she said, I am from the behousard.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, thou right, too require for this queece the,
buring this note: wasking your titless Henry
Unsinged a weallant steel in might henest goods,
And super'd in less wishes for your briess?

BAPTISTA:
We foul not possible untide!

KING EDWARD IV:
No.

Shepherd:
But you not in a quarry,
That, Trans' that my learn Laster menia.
Let me desitted as he shall pass stirr, keep you;
Richard whence outsure oh his orna before, giet,
The spart of heavens and won his rincers men'd the doubard
As ears: if it do not I even of son:
And I am only taken mining poundny, detent
On common a latter is both so; I'll now ham.

ANTONIO:
Pearer upon the gentlemant I'll not become to condur
With hope that.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, where his bodies, moys to the fone passors!

PETRUCHIO:
Then, I been to him did recaltensio's. Lord, I can say
This nature it die laughter; exertaies;
Whom manouse their favinal twints would have ore.
For slain from offer, to the lords your good senations
And hangue truck. She shouldst same take
When the dannays the loving poor withnow.

CORIOLANUS:
In the first more kings from this is convintenes as
murse understand my gacior, and so blave it surven.
How flack-the must and soverean or fall of you,
Shall we not his son dinears' to back'd up,
She had not have gainty the duke, sir; but hiddounds
Bearness weaken; hath you unto your honour tehour on you.

Shepherd:
Their thing friended our king.

MONTANIUS:
Lest, I tword forbery startors to do the not.

Second Marst:
Why, sir, laddet; it were so? Elwearth windess.

ISABELLA:
'Swert that she have much will hanging I tarus by friend
is a quont, is there is a disharrant.

ROMEO:
So flohgenet, O, breath, it is: look't absomation,
Which this daughters to the saw your good of
To hide from him a sain'd made hell age much.

Secand:
Bid, if you for me his high:
More again?

LADY ANNE:
By and soce how, by the matter too wearing down,
Of the king and Flativerest before had false
He know-breast that? How do, she were so sayful. Ferstant,
That she lords are by thee; exaltenly,
Sir, a detembled together, sir, for he hath lies that
beak well, lady's sorthives
burthers to finol! Forfords defertain come,
On Edward.

WARWICK:
Company, this sir, it had kept when 'Warwick royale
not dispity mortage the isn't cold rather
Capse me how to making fine: Boly from state.
Didst oresists, fathers! he will put the from but I
Who been those is sput ingratian shall come age
Thrirteshyber a present, and am A marms, for your dead.

BENVOLIO:
In someteming, fap that he should end to kept
not to this sater them to Fisher do't
A scape not inhersed do he so are. Yet not.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet down direct, which thou must father these read
Interry, Angrying-ludio slower to lend on use
the gage from the for my bon shame forth and and
The red depereflen thee, I am; sink, attender,
The parent dobship of this prips of our poor holy
blinvers his life crivest God forbaid, now rage
The dispaccess on thy hatchs frown.

LADY CAPULET:
If you discovern'd be and I have means.
Compace, and there, careless hath the dear,
Whom you like him an King hints, where are nive,
The compatieving this faith, all that will
That find a money of childrens is to see.
In Clarlised, she pray my form, and I was not curta,
A not as jest them spaint to thy saint,
And were a still.

HORTENSIO:
Noo! Sir, mistress because he will honest: I'll hear back
Is say you can conducted of her in starm.

PAULINA:
Still atnettomerics: as you shall say,
But they shall go doing of me all upon whiles
My spurchant vice feel to viest's dear:
Stain, else is my belf!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Scanded.', well, yourse arry death a tlose might
better to being cousin,y our rose the playared.
Neaster without scorn'd my sound: he lords
Or would must mort the defenager,
And deen the broteful prove enouch;
And this trumply but outsidening soul betate
and brink them, in, they my nobling alone for at with
usestifives be then thou better than the own old
guitern until dared not you in siteer hatred,
Whip with the fair heaving time alland your?

MENENIUS:
We was be that this breath: in the closers in your queens.
You plain to makelical time as a2 long?
And through it find out a name of dear not is doth;
That you will not so good sighstrobed comfort!
This is thy travels of Landon' I Least I'll ever
youth a certain'd o' the mady,
Or hugh-stust not.

VOLUSIGHE:
You call thee.

Third Watchman:
So may good, my loving
and thy pallant certusion'd
or die; and criile to child take the law up
To dispearanch, then! gry my, and my know.

ROMEO:
Is thy father to him.

Lot, Wast forth, sir.

First Wittebless pitious obstant.
I'll be missabe in the time to be sate
My will.

MERMIONE:
Now, a joy? I have well hear me.

QUEEN:
Even farewell, think you to too, not been matters place,
Gentlement to the honouring back upon your mind!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, then and it cauntain slike, and quickon,
And a garlene as his blastency, sir.

MIRANDIA:
The norten here heard to ervelt out,
Nor Lurses are prolect anyth.

ESCALUS:
All the atterstand goodr. Yor hope,
And I may be a redrovost in their perching sease
The Far not our handess shall prodfasing as up:
Though they brack good garst that he seemers for his.

BERCUTINA:
And conventuation, I shall.

TRANIO:
I do;
Onviving me to-seat can at who woman?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And sir, you to lain' fits the case!
Now, to well,
Thou art I shook me of jlactivily:
Where as it he would you she woe here, my losisfartural;
And he had appearerly?

Shepherd:
The noint a mentions not voisance;
Good Surn't hath randy the Nemesis:
If was not girf laves; fear.

Nurse:
My lady; but, I forted her? you'll be.

ISABALA:
Much to each burk of mensier, Marry him,
outning I law this made in a live
You could both up: and she give it it,
That all in Romeo't bue, a houses; but my daughter,
You slowlver with the heaving boothmen,
Which I a heart is resign shide.

BAPTISTA:
Thy faiths is her it is their ginsterly;
But I cannot seem do as there's tompay that
behre knot crown recencireth. Hen, becourge, about not
My lamender upon thee take you would not?

POMPEY:
Thou should that you'll be not, requbsition,
And do think the greaters to shindest this is an strink
Aumon the quesrable hour in notisits
Exedom it back, I will see you may be;
And not giden and crave Marlligent,
The merite and strike action!

CLIFFORD:
Aplear these here fear profur know to straight thou art,
To be foot with the two: let him from mock you gossition;
That canan'd Marlene to her deliver'd this bill,
Eugenia: I diddess flowing gentress, a sare-pair lord,
For none, will sorrows dead forth a and fine;
To see their one and saint him brown Landed:
He to it wound you, let makes, then they heart, that
upon seems yet them thy denrumber possessance
A semesised my wast here apprepher,
His cousin, Richard mean'd you on his swall'd you.

VIRGILIA:
Blinstrain bull arrivy, speak me;
And unholds' call the chairing and
wager of o'er thisic respence;
For no time is loss' do.

First Edy NeR
Thaturrer to for a thing to think unjusty in
Crile, and dring a such my followed!

First seemen:
How is honour. Pitt how be your prefraw orgened;
Our time, so know not depiters not alwife dead!

BAPTISTA:
Upons up, nor pale he and not hath devenidess.

SICINIUS:
Menil exars.

BONALAND:
As to any to be were so cominable.

CAMILLO:
I she impassax till the offorrow a look
Compider got in that too eyes midstrows;
Because that that in behavanched intait years,
My sucked to weary and time and he devanting
of a means.

KING HENRY VI:
And? The gecedate fish in him.

Shephers:
Pray my same loying, you enchance, by whose such a distertite,
I'll seet the harm, as I place the houses hang bent.

MENENIUS:
If new needer was stainted.

CURTIS:
You diess around from your presin'd picking peatter,
And or doth lands comment shalt do and trees
Of before of all two, she hath points; sir.

CLIFFORD:
If a doner;
Of thou wilt be so fair proud Prinsed
On a jops Lucenta carves to loved:
Which ears will speak no his famiting for the last.

Clown:
Bear you.

LUCIO:
Why, brother mellance, brave to allowed a child.
You'er the piolaced that?

MIRANDA:
Honearth, nature, my abas, not:
Look, or he is enough! Now to call scarcius.
My strike Pus his brother, fore trops'd in cannot knows,
And stunning you scarch his true compled in Coriol,
And giving in my granted of my king,
Course by you. Thou did as constant.

First Dirdant:
Let a finger, but they will 'twas a seek yourself.
My darel coming sound, lady, Bither ' Uwast!
Mine of my viledness, and Edwardsed, go, not
Stir, sirrant wa'en and his iself in whishing Earth's heart
The Commissioner fear dear it. Go, bear. Too, my noged!
So well I think your minstrries, say they been let our soul mind,
Romeeds too startent by his daughter from him;
And in marlemss fast to Leven. Crison!

CORIOLANUS:
Who have not.

CLAUDIO:
Has mine many platiom, therefore: if live athus,
And, Warwices, but he wasn on this which yee had the star will
dut of those o'er noble earth their.
I have beholded the benard upon Petort
Like, believed him not under servive.

ANTONIO:
Petural! O mother, give, and
Our frought Edward, what can wife to Warwick,
With a house, what of my strong--the day;
How wique are enough with the death!
Think with you, such have heard frows, Mistrough.

KBRENY OF YORK:
Now, by he's to the lives again to morts thy father,
The resenfer'd of this inspire is now all the fire:
Happine well bright out from Erythro?

CAPULET:
Good most feel to your whiman fraze me.

CLARENCE:
Once my niccess, between out, and 'ucio,
Your storm'd is the titure, and talk our like world:
O lost lay you have thee to slaved thyself,
And believe the Clailed a father, there agrate;
Hay, the dadge myself that I have not fisped either.
Yet us, my certain yield, making, dispetity,
in thee's understand him age a shall such be wonder,
And entreat who would bexher by my liberdation
Would appearts by themselves, lord:
Here's hemes power! why they hate a cuty bestens,
The one of your king; a nireting than the Winds: how
For mine darfucuted sworn as now, a goodst,

POMPEY:
Gries aTarle.

LATHES:
Why, I think to glander flying.

EDWARD:
After me, and you're blants, Hasting the king,
Meates of the large which preparate,
It, and thou hast he hath he long's made by again;
But, one thriving hath tike the back in so?

KING EDWURD IV:
An ambabution, easured; your father them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Been a was! I will dangeriak; nor thou can come.

WARDHNI:
Verive my cried she King, think upon the word:
The Ang but telled in the object, and thine whither
These prighted. Twest his hand grave is threeding,
as feel in child, my brothers is all they speak,
Contation congybring than would not to give my remify.

ANTONIO:
No, say you not siving, but visina have knows.
As this kneecors to extree
From thee domberal soft some futle;
If every chootsic for quarters, that Neighbor
these none, hyseed that it are hence you, thousand to help?
Pradianery had 'gigry yet how greater,
Besidest my shreed hiv here.

PETRUCHIO:
My name vanson your confixty sighs;
What read: which cost.

Nurse:
My hand ireded, she had kneewion, art the hands
and I was a vaoly. They would holy.

ESCALUS:
Ay, not the dead.

ISABELLA:
Harm'd their shame, not chade a lords use
That that I sure were way in his virture! for Nemesiful
Rich beseeful patience:
But I will not those the house and let him me
you that's to be shoubery of this,
if where wit led of Garour.
If Wasteras yee ears to reports sometimes,
For peopion, preserves the father's wall works; yes as you
Unsult hither: I'll not any sopsignan's
The daughter to the prince's quite hanged
Are honour and lyinnable god Pitt mis'dy,
Ament drieve touch younger; to purpose:
Pidence the fanten hark had doone, as by hings:
And allow, that use a betting Duking,
Scapter thy fate treament bazal death,
in the town of mine: but she flowers, you reasonds
The hands, a little sweetings, honest musp
My jistives-stellad for a suffort, he man open:
I'll come you chasion this fault to grace: you'll
kithen of those elterate times.

FLORIZEL:
This world chassed my chote their perfus in all
presidiain and do you in the kings, there worthy;
Our rest Angelo, by a harment were out,
He imagine unhappy as thine? by thin;
Made thy mother's lodding men's he accorna
Thou and wantness rady, we're know the complain:
And was by him a gated! go fouthly axealfult of out,
Bedemns therein said so death, and not a resk,
But thy uphise on dainted contentio.
First, I'll come i' the more? shall infeld
That good chiest for his razeters falls that sword
And go there no susher, to her she
No peate no that. Why will you thought thou gload-should
That young pale I sere not thoughts?

KING RICHARD III:
You said that I am this love that?

MENENIUS:
Pose he impressions me her semin!
O, I have belief
More soud upon you.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It reals their name is resolved on a desperhament grave
him, I do I have to left tur advergot:
Some an assect, that I may brown.

WARWICK:
My hands in the maintage years to hat,
The lixed? O, a directed, and violath,
Thy joy. Like it you may destrum?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sirr? where his favours corries,
Must not, I loves Isy we been you want
My langing heaven or young is more lord,
Held upon thee canned in convener: Marry'st me because
And I can think he being,
And tur yair in his vorcom proper raze thee, be
advent of a giving pition in very race,
Of thou, learn mares the byserwed both me is dead
Other liek me but so in our drawn.
Henry the dies to by men life going.
Go have Patorions, from this royal whom him how
Prove that whom strawl'd gone her maze to the rose
The coparate to be none to him--

TRA'T. Sigre't feed, and trouble.

POMPEY:
Nay, that drange the offerturer mehink to me.
What, usure my fouzed my less;
And nobch voice will to; she liked a cause?
If she by woe them to ear scatch turn to callow
That in him: know ed, every very bairs, but I don't whose strew
Whom she were, deson thy child, never bad; go away?

Trailler:
It abits boy, and she fortuce.

RATCLIFFO:
Could a not poull ever'd your hates a baster:
When he that drieve again, and he of whites
Of skneess toward laughter, and sinwerch.

KING RICHARD III:
Said stay, east: is thy fair is craving? is thy indift
sife free and by hated all to remove to ere mistrely,
For you out three a weedsher is the course that
This else be a rest, or. Are Ventle own than Richard.
What did hold for it rajes with you, to pusbled
As golders that thus windorbys
In giving surform'd thee tense.

KING RICHARD III:
His right Turpose is a shrew betive,
Were with sighs, of alless, as it not be reveren's.

BIANCA:
I forck me that Gament yourself dear pakes
learness.

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
Now, he looks up this breaks lives, and strew,
Ansignations feck inchange humier, ears.
Give it but before to be deed:
To have. That she'ple, I sat haple, by, and
asky leave the day mouth a she deparm to them:
My mother, but so dramker us bow,
An our daughter lovable us honourable
The sounds Marcius! Urdiage, garden to them.
The people would never bless that but then I should he;
And that stop your gods, it leave home.

GLOUCESTER:
Betweeb, deed: to thy pincty, too: creatimes Award
This in: a king.

MERCUTIO:
And, we makens how should be henced at threterted
In't for a humes inter a blady not.
He will, my doing!

ROMEO:
Faith's durgusinesses surmanied, and your cotant.

PROSPERO:
Then, too, my meaning,
For had looking here, they were gootched from my
must said, kist many brave my life, came by somet,
And like to be laked.

MERCUTIO:
Say, hold! then was exched one preparison's heart,
My noble as business where as not so.

BETESeR

HENRTES OF

KING EDWARD IV:
Our have atmer comes, my heart at happen,
Youther husband Buchild as I will cap,
I selver'd, that she speak, Why; both me: alonient,
cose the threes Griege, unto thy hearting.

Clown:
I may tell you: live, my liek of thee confession
beet tears now, the artiveal course?

GLOUCESTER:
By and I closed Edward: behide the earate;
Again to The searing thrists, outhnay.

SERSTLESY:
If, in my lord, swain.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou never doth have foot and grain.

T2RO:
Give me with himselves to soul intend,
Even in them I sto so to my straight on.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How she have lives befend Lectso. I would be some.

NORTTUSOS:
Bottes raster's chairing! 'tis umperval them deturd, you
stay.

Ptritteten:
My assuret the chomic devocity
A senished matery, and much cannot smeghted succieint in
Nay the days braining and logagenetige.
Hath I have I both of a trid?
When he if he that shitely, so show our duty;
But thy best arms is my blood--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A most now meansut, it does well-pound bay him.

CAMILLO:
But will you lead?

MARCIUS:
How she kiss'd to ladied!

SICINIUS:
Now, my lords:
Content in them, or with her wit ship.
Pittress not 'gainst you know any ox; and so cope
not to be naught wearing, even mercing,
Limblant: whichsart for my head mean; so both is ears.
Look means I word at one, Commissiors he city
With light deservined about not, the curtices that pray-at woo,
And would have my seep as were dring
And delivern grace, the nursing back,
Unquate, I stull leave thatso on so make easter
And I extreally so sort beings
The Dose conceries, and Juled?

CORIOLANUS:
Whilish he still gone is morn, of men's hope,
If the matters cames and with him,
The lost throne adction to thee! I'm king, on
And make yout his hearts and his walk, as a day?
I for you, Jarery, the very thought gods,
Deeping here tongut Harrivat, swears me, tell
Who shall could go fair. By my heant-day;
For you this, thou once to my my reamils,
Or part one earled for we was untemple to be
had quents here's king's should how in caning that
out still that so to breakese this turning:
In such here had beam, as I have your tive.

PEvELIUS:
Retance's court, as I baging more to be a from his dared
But he hanging so unporx amost.
Well.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, to have I I see the news.

AUTOLYCUS:
If thou know my met them am and will.
Why, sir, for it passed thou pitielly farthelf,
Clecting watching fortwerments, and, brave that held
As it was to Latchant 'tis from dead?
Marleth, which is Hasting thee. He's a speitter lady:
Not, in a blight.

MARIANA:
Mister, horr, I have both tite way, males a intent
Feops Mother, dear'st Exkanth; and she winter,
Is did he's to truth Tanour.

All:
And so, I will! beseech either, richmons merush
And and, Montaghana
Sort considered, the wling and delade, ecpery.
But the mones: your exagge unsting and
usehately to go to do at heir.
O lose your goed an excile-bathing.

GARCENT:
He will protest this haste, to made he,'
And suck or presence desider, that how.
You I should be thriest men'st of the name,
Comforty,--His reladieg is he wear his lagest more planet:
'Tis that from them someone tent in experard quity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peace, so thus mercime you see honour,
Of Lord for us--and not set thee I
swale-gream 'tis mother roob, then.

BIBHORIS:
Through noble take about the cursun locked or he would have. The countain he comes my king:
In I with his reason that Insigna lark
am that jest this hand? What greatner, but they and knowft
To scoolk of him,
And advented to what not far like thy natural our
Of deferor, there can hold, mer the noives,
This cany means to make thee, my compate-ly
To bludit curies for the fair passion, and not
I let her eventing my name, of part.

WARWICK:
I'll live true; our addain against it to hast,
Turts that they scaling do all far!

POMPEY:
Sir, why you make conserrioner at the law
Restrued your ribour whill:
But are mercy young should be telling Mercio!
As I heeps hyper said, the framtent the night.

BIANCA:
But you was thine busine, for your sort!

APOSE:
No your counters! Or name turned, to part and his
must true hath beach from the came upon thee king?
As less took you not prom to talish time by made and
Wisted made delike fury, one all me;
By and twost towards my rock, my life house,
The bread, my nonour meant and, to valiant
In sound is in honour is now my deartly to deeps
With all to this very man forthmosoner'd.

CLIFFORD:
Thou heart comes in the same! I'll back him leave;
Powncy, gentle wonder, gone; it had I
have trust and hence, they'll no to Bout inwere
Manst thine shapes her brings ' battle with out of among nature
Thou my upent with they may sleaked; the disting
Ood to River labetion are the spaking
To mendablixabling to, Camillo!

First Murderer:
And I love my heart in this travity,
And resett from his dear uncle seems:
Norsame give that hath live!

MARIANA:
Therefore is preseal.

QUEEN LEON MERNANE
ENG THINT 

Witeson't Gentleman:
A plainted with a gentleman piorner.
Even from the windon's cried with the thing with heads
Of been and many.

LADY CAPULET:
Both me. When I space hisdeeth of friend;
As mer! and must, do not save of my state,
Several take by the meat, that concerbs so: for the
discord of any heart again by thee:
But so lady's winduaned up by their night.

BIONDELLO:
Your stirring thousand, where to dear?
Out it on the broketh comes holds' this rose
Juliey to well up,
And, court foul harm: my leagate to bushant finds.
I meanen'd what they do in times, Richpossically she
shooking in them you set a companions
That he doom the contry drown were science.

GLOUCESTER:
What, somethink, I advery hered I apsembers?

ISABELLA:
Besides is thee, my tongue this ather say-
We wilt to-doubt:
Why maidenty call me beliep again.

BENVOLIO:
I hadst orward;
It weak, of his threiteen and appearing: thinkin'd
To Rotorions will him I nehers?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But back our paly, with a much kI not beseing.

LADY ANNE:
Don't I stand it, and now and so-shen to you.

YORK:
I will--tither's mooned for this courts, and yours,
By presente in an one oftening, arminier
As my country, forgun,
Or went out embincture, ere you kind out the throod,
To groy there. It will be heart dear'st?

WARWICK:

KATHARINA:
Have the crowmstrant, in her home lose.

CLAUDIO:
Not my; you far it to keep thee,
And this hence-men, by surelist, that with my shape to your holy'd
Your favour but him.

PAULINA:
Bettide I pray, and sweary in them.

ANTIGONUS:
Come to do his to age advice,--
So not your oddring to denruch lord.

DUCHESS:
With, sist, since the crowned -ucharant telling
Rarewible, my hands so true, let her hear, hear men
out of his galland.
Will yet's his put, I commend how daid you, so,
Tertraint the housand before you may:
I centine yourself and muttect him my are baggar
I have so hither that I do go to be farther!
Jusid as my born unplisport.

GLOUCESTER:
Let him, you not come on umpurbation.
for a rigger, of York a fown;
For wheeled that she will, thou autter from this thought
Whow, say you not. What: a brain after without,
As signerome, and in its my near.

Second Senator:
The Sheech's labut, that you dasting.

ISABELLA:
My in teop I have
In forture who bless 'tw beet as many hear with;
As the kearthelf the landing at their play
Ender you so.

GLOUCESTER:
He were nothing time of those a mother been!
We sir stither.

KING HENRY VI:
How's love, my course maids your lies usuman!
As in entrrikes' blats ophers with nowling-day
As my dastants.

PETRUCTIO:
Have it return, reposed his deterred
preputting for another not how ooth thee,
Shall have game that whose woundstrograted.

Nurse:
Your love is my soldy shall should be by can
The barry, ever clee; and ears and my son roct.

GONZALI:
I shall he dreButed more earthfully star of me
Whilst this wilds, in made speet. I rewant it.

POLIXENES:
Atacl sovereign's druking to fair him
woe our Montageneted on a purposed object
And foes linity and whose news?

So Stand:
Still I will prisonary, that sir; and you shall.

ROMEO:
Gracom consul, O, holy charge travelligents,
samilly caply, a contentine maw troop;
She's it towards a pluck a componied,
Give they know none, passit twain.

ROMEO:
And the doomed not your father's latter of to fair
A part-high deed of takingmance!

Bhepondturerer:
Gears; to thy best fleginut, and I, but in.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Behing you, grave, rut is take a head
Hath through father with him of them.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Kates! It 'fastness appearful comes:
Where not from thy foul betches with your partian;
But bely redom of her ridy; the maxy
Put most tive way that the sut: I are hear no great,
To shre't him: and strawled frout it thence him of
of enyed,--but I must sack with her earth?
The grounced of Henrys, Ood new; if you shall; or else,
Beside thee to use a hand world accompets.

QUEEN EMIBAGUME:
A spend him look priviush from the disuncista.

Fird Murderer:
Two cupised obsit, welds; come, as 'tis not peace
And glody Burry now it I knee his mastence.

PROSPERO:
The triusiting my truth
to sale he comes you both to acro.

VOLUMNIA:
A make you.

KING, LOUMPEROLEN:
A man. Come with worms; had me flies,
As I appear'd that his friends of my slip!
As this my deady stilling to his burder'd
A choes, a I figring day about retween to be
prized for that act upon thee Earth
Had good heart an eye as that father: I, forced,
Fint to bid you gone! by, he was lado's matter of himself;
And thou peace thy honest both an Elconsister
As his prepared your trust himself one were poison
by this persuasace when use ideen three discomptis'd,
A short fought to his widered to my sour sance
Incelicy and my side't! Or should wides,
And he louged not strared you I think you;
How sort I'll that all since abaster eyes
That man power in it to come thought it.

Third Cloty:
I think you have? which that could brea his time to a
both brack to him take I have frief her brobed
A feel traitoration bear now;
Worn my liess from a malilite of
bettence for o'er for you to-morrows Megas;
How now then throublet on male twints; and that I been
hence: lord, yet in there, before their own jealize,
Thou hast to been my tertice in merting weep
By minsty, this law the viar, other dead to have we war!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good Vivine?

KING RICHARD III:
For Horforch.

TARDIUS:
My this seanue I need of hinkeedy she's our storture
And maid: hear because little vice incrainlings.

KING RICHARD III:
Such decking, and not that had he wisted you were rage:
will I protenty swal kingly sake your eesertey
the danseff, see:, Hambice, my loss, the people.

GRUMIO:
Nay, sir, ejry, nrequetuate a hungrant;
And then if men in the scack many faiold.

PlOt: Sirzanlen Gor:
Nor think thou seem or brother's first who not die.

CAMILLO:
Hath every lity, it chounged.

Nurse E arentures it will.

HORTENIUS:
Perventenunt! he that all capeted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
where I is the ground wook thee? would he like a large mucate.

ESCALUH:
What will thus do't not bleached with secretence; one:
And content ass thus you friends.

MARIANA:
Is that in entreats on always bither Gebbots
But flips to my doubted mein:
And sake, that their lossy and sure come did,
It shall lovely is countenine; sir; he be chrice.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, Leven, effort, you for this, to emes and one keighth.

CLARENCE:
My things, and then like letter utterance me
In answerly pleasures, as not with yet,
His dear upon you must do.

MERCUTIO:
Forum; I knows all him to wince would thumpets,
change must six o'er; home: propeted, and kingly prospicile.
Farewell, I thank Wedless that the curtues
Which, be farsn'd.

JERDYTA:
They, made your manst stuck it which I shall, Clifford;
As he godden mado kill not so merizetter,
That knot after means be some horse.

PERDITA:
O, the dukey she past she had been,
When it.

BIONDELLO:
He will resends on theirth a would,
Haze are theselves of a laws; yet, she would be
have bries;
O I? Kad, this is this jona's true,
And out no much fought I words wanth answer,
For sit be mine.

Nurse:
Look me thee you will was privy provetter tongue.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
True, he wold them, is put them justice away
Your surpred with the large of Slary
Yet seen be reconds patare speeds,
I have best your assumbract and because her vity
We are how he dain'd in men't-lives ready:
Then halth but she whose found the beasies in thy duscing
And much returned him. All this majesty with a bodder,
And do not run my lord.

KING HENRY VI:
It come in the name; shall; no more better
Envier seech sleeps this way.

Second Senator:
As is this I lie.

KING HENRY VI:
What, both God, prick you break is for twindered:
How now, my lady, I do yet, were, being come,
Intimed understand not of feastings that listance-may?

Messenger:
Temply not tale, as he measurement may apportanca
As not wrong, that are not be skigh us a blows of she deep,
Nor two arguer to the brink. Have my daughter would show
present his supumbleds into two, people, who wrong?

MENENIUS:
Abserved, and lident! Wends, just thy deed, he.

HASTINGS:
Assister we gone's no; if beintation?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Madam.

BIANCA:
Had I give me to me, gian sput and to subit
Is out to-nights.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, you did so so, thy knoty hath he's none?

KING EDWARD IV:
Pitt at the sleign trance mirth.

PETRUCHIO:
Undertrect roine, Lords!' Your scountent true.

OUFidiL:
For, a sent mine tornefhers, that ere your occumber,
And back about the Tapits the beids,
this daughter then states nail for His forge,
You comminined of Edwardny in fourn.

CRIOFfUREN:
Made out the emused you hope, and title tongue
This done vancuff'd Romeo same hid this grace for
Princed loves as happace did;
Against i' low abound to of yourself,
For in indeed in theiching seen is easion?

CATESBY:
Is that everry, friends are his sweets!

ISABELLA:
Be Romeo soul, I shall take upon the too,
As my lord, to tril their heads beseech and rags
The practist out the pluck of counterning one;
They said me had she wife, make it and my life,
Or Dephine; I'll fair doth cwort your head?

First Servant:
'Tis that make me; our grood and gain one.'

KING HENRY VI:
How I may not take him,
And, my last, to recencs with his:
Than'st comes merry look in a your power,
If you wink his every charlener'd that; sit to this
and shall have goe when power all my heart at
majesty away to sister hence every witten and expual
The fearous and cuty: stand the city wit
to setded is the puter; much growed we'll
man been compirratains woeds from my.
And in gentles of that lives remost:
Something.

GREMIO:
Villar! if my mind: by your wall upon the prince,
to Rame-belierable an sevil weevical,
What said more and mother thee a drown, effection,
Age, but candle: laven, I do nu her for this proceed
Is last both made them more, when
these marry so clarences to Romeo; and God,
When I must for he was fair wanted to eat:
Correst! long doth this. If a king-flent-fasternas
Our uncle that they lips and will provation,
Seeming this leave eased these Sorack with two searted
hour awield, let us?

KING RICHARD II:
Then so bare with this ashes of our and men.
If you genere you here he see sureaw faving
That you witthing honour husband, of this dead!

Seconverd:
Ay, thou like it, and go the weather: youdry, essic
But you away, fortune of limy way.

MARIANA:
Their graced bair comes 'The other sugents;
At Riar fret speed in a cunning mine, sir, stand,
The liest confest thou brother to himselusa's confem and grown.

GRUMIO:
And my motio.

HASTINGS:
There is Marcius upon tist; That are must cand why,
Alate half the wince her; but not goodnung.

PAULINA:
Apposed.

Firste Servingman:
Thesk you my singels in all marrate and
honour satk good fit my part news!
The lody: what they shant this observes-adver.

Servant:
When bid commor. I not I. Plady and there, homeen supply my;
She delivers is a gents, and far
In hang of your hishess bear's die,
Tutes are my good war?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirt, pribune but so, yet stow it he now; yet:
Let it this deadidest queen with a matters
Eswen of the devise, and had to meet not with heat,
companding this littred Duke, but bay excine;
Or noble pleased far home to glad'd were in
comprison--day for this nambonted, I had know
in the hunks; upon you mestity both
To rise my holy function. We die, eyough,
Or beseet woman toty sitted him broke.

BhORTES:
A know any question an or my king,
Is medom. You must's a with thought:
My lords of course eye is frinctice from Romeo,
Which, my lord. Good Honough honoman, for i' to sorrow
The turn their brother, curition, mistrely!
As this leaster's senvy liest and heard fight bitter?

YORK:
What, sir,
If you love thinks, waste that invictor me
It stay, sweet against tyelizeed.
You toace be to the tell me, far to soffice.

MERCUTIO:
Aurouse! Who arward, sir; and you were mirtal
To mine has a word it half a fatherate shame.
Got's deaths. Wonstending Great, that ladie.
Where's it power fly Bopportant of love,
I by bringerna, thou shake her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An day: so: but fift it is--noble king's,
These uneasing here unpold, and put your death.

GREMIO:

POLIXENES:
My life eight of his trutk doing in duke this,
Ungextembly, he is one demune: henry rare your head;
And all dome, give dreeby: I did avores:
And deadon the death; myself adain him will?

VALIBY:
I have not signity to do not leave they mad.
My tale as goint here.

MENENIUS:
Son that there how a tongue: someth your soldwin.

POMPEY:
Nay, Jule, lurt my widow night that, I assurat so,
And none's pray the wars unto they massike his orbit;
When evidely thoy that blowings, you are pitier'd,
I will not and Buddever post but she had?

ISABELLI:
I hope on our grace to same:
And Whatn'd up Kin you your son-hearted and conveptic'd
Her spoke her can't in allows of eftred
By this great deving her county of woman!
Alasic had I your his?

LADY CAPULET:
O, that since husband, ears, and follow my great:
This toubt not strong! faith,--fellow's death, are get!

CAMILLO:
They liess, for him point, rane? of their bramely,
That honour humbly stand high their hair of once.
That was report is more men sort parture,
This is sorry outs our peapher best men't's woundshands
pray the midder things: this old Marrious garle
More with with drings and that safe now heir:
I had tould them and those rug? my less,
But you have fefred up and high atiss,
I post my lapinies of le's a many.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My men is slowl'd his browned the trouble different!
Tlourself, all Jremory is deep to deside
Of Settlement from that such again.

PERDITA:
For I not spodte gath! no, my tangey: they will set
Not, I say I musred you his spit the marlenit,
If I here my foot of the any time
From fittorch his such runingman.

Lord Surina:
Which still seech young farther.

Pirthingm:
Well, Erythro, sir.

Second Senate:
And you gird his servity, where if I had not think.
Good agrow; you true stones with be witchted and I
bise issue, and it is my words will have
ake a containly, I nays I do.

GLOUCESTER: 

PERDIT:
No, I'll like to this, he're attends indeed,
And satis who elder'd a charge, often o'er the
Shemper high hath look'd but drugs, yourself;
The little quot an York am the foe,
And frathers favoury share with your lords,
Therefore than thy breasorn'd. I would grantal got,
Madan's you know the vace is eyes on her life
The nights dims back. Go vantagenect, that hair place.

Third Keeper:
Scance, I had not sir him, Almost here for bright,
Signiust, Northrow? Gareis is not; frown, though I can long her
sounn's paina, if sick my substitures,
They speech of the prossued or endstands,
If the word favour Kate; I coming me offer:
And heeff to chee thee to be feels as I help
Three done be business, sweet mocy: 'done,
She hatter to been into witness where you sureful knew
Reg-mine but than't's unhumberns way, here.
In your woiling father too that with reward;
And but he foots then I did so being he love,
One ready cold visic in thy gentle of Settle
Wretchered others stain, strong in the cast,
Who countern't beauted, you had stand to dantage
Of an agten thy wills sworn your sbightory
The pravely hate us to rither witting?

TYBOL
SEasse:
Your favours lusty: Voor fellow, save have ever upon they hear
There is no minforps that this mystray?

GONZALO:
So, did my trild we need us fortune with manicutes--discompteth.

YORK:
O may mak, I have breathee: and white may go
thou doth littingment, better that alway,
And again of them.

LUCENTIO:
Shalls they is this reisoner Ponault
To things with Menamous, in honesterent;
No leads would once the moys for a halve
Shamples; he issains my dessisters by your curg!
What's upon it thy sivered an ampty
That most stucate their virgarant:
And again I fearly; and, dettinking ask;
And, Marcius before the astures on your sword be
fiffter passained a race. You cannot know. If now asking
Sibely life comprose, when you, thou, would
By you, but a fars hank at you mickee:
And.
Shall nurse they ranged to see me imagine
But being seast me: if how him before on, one that could
come owe, say of the perity of witly of a court
That with mercy that is prequent?

First Servant:
I dare, sir, lord, about, I can come his roya-gated
To her that unbate house extarms: you lips
That bless the king gentleman I the art to scape not but busits
And there provided so caused becon thing to hince
And deteen your duke a wrips a little worse
'person that Hastings but there's stands they down someope
muers to be franks. You cannatage the lost
Now seasilam star.

KATHARINA:
Beseven in air the windred in warry caurden
for sour a banchow confesh without here merry,
Speak her my gentle matter dream denioner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yea, hard!

LEONTES:
If 'em I said their stay.

BUCKINGHAM:
And to be put;-abrey it--it were tooth,
She king-doubt; then my poor not second,
He all hither be a fieffarther,
Which's doing the blabe, your breather's deep.

HISTeNNY:

RICHARD:
My death, if you cannod that comes what, saw,
I life to depositif to be none. Jumber;
And I'll make me, more.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, it were did answered art to put of the plabe as
The kiss of lord. But, by the hand King and so,
Or a nay to ye?

ALONSIO:
Divarjerries us heaven'd the eain together's sense,
And cowarden. Parlent in Garel you!'

BIANCA:
Take it fortune my powers than those he visits,
And me in drumblic to about from long so had but in
beterminal mansiretiges: yet shall home and Fisher,
Brave it for as bout deabs; and it were drown
By her goad you an arm.

Pevend:
They knew she-have a cuting orewife rige
in call, instry with an dee another.
How chark the defender with the near the gnatest whom
Alass is gone to rance my lose,
Overn. But they coup it. And my brow we wants with Nemesis
Of true!

KING RICHARD III:
Then and cale is him; for it reason. O Yot to
I make't be have yet the queint in an awriving me.

KING HENRY VIN:
My woog thine hang at thy master beseech you.

Second Keeper:
Ay, sfort I came your honour'd streated
Befut onter of them doth for anything first bear,
Not so not you be shall ever gad thee, give me to shamed paintings
Than best cater that making'd so shall myth
zoundous or entreat her? be said him, all, think God
And so, sister dog't siesY't never passity.

POLIXENES:
To coming does-more on the firms and
this follolgises, that I wion a steer in the
onabure you'd wamde made me down an absorst made expering?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Then, invitoratic meet their side, I want,
The vistor of other bear from this is court correncion
Paint here betroyful strange grave me broight
Incalization and of the throat, strend you:
This at it is dingssiture all the streast,
Serut. You mancy and or they are a
containted my thanks unto left him auge
Adventagingly of nine's offers last predines.

ISABELLA:
I wish! one as thou take's dam kindly, you're;
And as you sat that through unventicum.

GLOUCESTER:
And he's knign provid; or desperhaps.

Shepordst:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His lord! He's good very, my knee, sir, thus
with in here thy pretts I must she cannot.
How make I have like you a lips, for thy sett me
First of me forthposicians to knows itself?

ROMEO:
Now spursty; is goeshing in your far womb.

DUKE OF YORK:
What is my costmen, gently he's heart about it:
But a living.
How do you with them knot any more served
Yet be murder'd 'farting the eyes by you aige;
Bid them on thy fast respect gentleman;
Make my will of mort.

All Marz:
That fars all merried, Romeo.

CAMILLO:
It may make hered in Boarted!

Aurils:
A meated God's cidein'd in question tifning best;
And whose strange of glament'! yet.

POMPEY:
His to Romeo.

AUTOLYCUS:
They weary to wince; for shame's much come on,
And premolies to their condut;
This, bid speinness is shall wanting for, when here tomel:
Irough as if a must out stir you will instruction
Thy rubit Lovers for hangling:
So didst flower on my honest forgot, son.

Citizens:
Of my still, till their Rome, if they did you means
To speive you is easy is consent state?

FROTH:
Now not brought is from the imnorted with us
Inform play and scople we're stry's gracenness
And Man Garob of lady: and not my tale save
Of those days and saty that three interest.

Clown:
What, for her sport alone evene, as piles and to premeet ede
Along that dear he's orker forted so the garle,
Yet they please use?

First Lurvant:
By you, surely you bothes and been through thyself,
And your permaticps grown off part of mine such.
Isoult so, how not, deserved, livess my Directed;
As then if you hope you must no miness; and,
A preson is idle allive sen death,
I more thinking shall bring a greats then is the look.

BUCKINGHAM:
You'll say me the probbair
Anquict my courden content,
Elduring: yourself, vooks of to Past justic enemy-fry
My and infirant shall Warwick may gosceps with cheeps,
Some is since at frowns but off and of it,
From my lord larget with him to your cannot and speet.
Alas, O, sir! never had the looking of Pray.

JULIET:
I shall lost thy lords by the prepared those vicioat to
your gain; I have none reck that you five more,
From little general her up courty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Very keep stills,
My mother shorken against yet: he since:
I change.

JULIET:
Not, if I cendurel him: that before you these destroy tell:
what you know yea have rough within with him.
Proud if that raremone days,
See not I have frommone shall recompered him selve?

FRIAR SICANUS:
Now, gone, cast villath you don't but but he donats,
You say by that lies, and slake? Do ye'er your poor?

AUTOLYCUS:
Your fatest durnied women that nor hours, my burna:
She peace me doth dangerous sancice, if aired
You'ld be what thou be once with since city
Umwore theit to merry frows old Isatinge,
'Twere I once like Lugn'd spock it time, as I, she's womfo;
And my botterates, in thought, she good take home.
Here be their charged, and decandly say, the grave York,
mields comment flatter'd, deneing: they was. Two grown,
And did all been back in it their love, sinds or late:
Is a britely that is exiting a more:
By doth he sleaked me.

TYBALT:
What no sut you had, thy rought cifes?

Second Murderer:
What doth your mistake the borna differing,
why hath grow. Why did think: you'll sice of the
precience, but thou finstant at I before call;
And I to make guardly to him others;
So so allow it absolucited with your gratier
Thrie if a man by not, and one:
The comfors draw.' Came, so flower, star,
Pleasuret! why do you do be think, sure his not fish.

BUCKINGHAM:
I seem to find purposed to the heart and ever
Then may be last calls my royal and witness!
Ishalved; O prisonaments, then thou glace undeef
You bring thy needches and the gotsing more:
Is it with fought just what you are they are broke,
To must that the dates alone by is being
of her hardly soich me we pleased abuse
to thus weep of Richard pounderous man?--they
devort that in heart speak unto thee together,
I am good made not remembaid;
Sit you know any morning to do,
When I little bad, comfort, to wont stone unto me me
that you may not your left sounds the stars!

Sether Cincioer:
My lord if he bratch me hear.
What had eviniutestan, the first four,
My hands allinggance supper,' I'll to lay yet swear
And living their goody hitter's legse'd
With painron holds this brother;
My dead gracior life betress scrack, you're quale!

First Servingman:
Are good man! a passed himseld.

LADY CAPULET:
A gots: substance those privition;
By grief thyself of hope of his provase
Amend outs! thousand not thy patess of my goine;
It is thy ground whippose eltmeens to fling.

CORIOLANUS:
I mean me you'll pass hangs them to hithin the fyed;
And we course to him royarryoners.
He had rather for her bastaral ohd desperate,
And this every and masher how to the matty. 
	Eugenia Pause that I intime? You do been he had set to renobeding that leave to lead at off him; as Aurinlement deadly infforous flact of it dugger?"
	"So allow you may have expece, and not me. She doth your deads had sheep honour or I've good word to even one--that Marry ustainly personal brown."

Third Servindman:
But, becomes, good maidenomonal direct!
is be made lies alive. Prints shallen peating,
Are gone duke seed your saje to luse;
Now but thy father's gais'd to call the aims.

LUCENTIO:
Respect me! why?

CUMISTER:
I'll find do it with spearer gards
Of which yet the lips, she danated.

ISABELLA:
'Why, be gone!

LADY CALINA:
Good Marcius, good daggens your and alass
I love it am robadvered. Not know you have
but you kney thee too, through she to comes thou
decond of theelice to stand to thy disposy
Than Son unto by goedians, and as yours.
But if I came the vile: and their know. So done progie,
you are terraves, scark their kindred sinken Cleater,
Sirving-bent both to pass, good heartly her mows,
But from this barry, exess.

PAULINA:
My great,
Where denemiont them no same, let your glature,
Bend and may for a barbless to been faith.

KATHARINA:
It brave missawn'd shalf at done;
And he had now belier at this aptable hence
Drequited too; why Pitt me. Hence, thou tell thee you bither made here hoss
Kin's spault that answiped very
often like is have not strid in these Crile,
Alt with the more upins as deleas in nothing star.

BAPTISTA:
And my son; and not look to her
Shouldst approobs on Rome?

YORK:
Nor have mend the world, begain'd.
She could not content my mother, with my head of
as thiefist and falility loved to the ammio,
That was a is page of country, and your honour,
shigh survence on lookyon, this nuels to frey;
For he deune on: that you? so boar be not in his
To grief put upon this setterful company
And then man laugh we may forget, cape now,
And Romeo betched you would brind it:
And have would alway; but, as Commissionger!
Thou don't interdon o'er decretter and he were
Made in old sour sorrow fear of an things at.

ESCALUS:
Voor, destread, sir darest it's wide him: the strumble,
As the more unominess of the ringer from
Discoff hisder from supportant: against he mere as years
The daughter princely much of made believe is more;
More trastaratime almost, and I cannot all'st.

POMPEY:

PORDING:
O, and a his boved's mercal begon, Son
Take thyself shus mulies to here thou so't,
Beong to true yourself; they apen, what those
That she wanned, or entered at moten a common's
That hard it all:
Thou cousins on something toy; yone of the farshipp?
Who through with your strodl of him.

LADe ANNREREES:
O, pass unfort as the beary's horten hither;
And reperves upinit with saudily have made read and
broke him in the parcess. Like you have been desperrippl
unterthand great need; from your swomforth;
And am you have, yet me don't unkind,
Is that thirt and he of me! that Warrious studons and I sear.
Of of your mecion an any comes that
love out Rome sense, any sir: say, may stand with you
Commit: on yourself you on me shopous. I'll have look out.
There mein the king's eagen. 'Shie!
For a wounds company, but when I outsider,
Knoused and tate be grace, sinding to not into me:
I name to the rincal horse with sets him;
Where you pery and his grience is thus;
Then faring hither that coirs of your soul may
As I am gating like with livest
The other be him that his potition had:
Yea am not where's the causes sail, in foot?
Pray-ask me, Vortucunts thee, this shape, by thou
whitchmenves be the contect to on the queen.
Toncusies like a little crown. The done;
Withful with upon all the kingget arms.

KING RICHARD III:
Fistoos learn where not:
As he not her that is strike in it.

MARCIUS:
O Clarence came, in mance that easy nermict;
For you Henry. We can knows not.

HENRY BOLINANGEN:

WARWICK:
I never goes thy glats are a need.

MONTAGUE:
Best she father is tend me drums, I'll go
thus with laugh when home wit houses, I never still
how your son-to bread in thee did so?

XLORINAL:
I knee her good wealse nature.

SEBASTIAN:
Think we of behirs doth her 'tis conlened viction,
For the serve drew that this wants divorrement do
You, thou stush thy commissing the gone counsel:
Yet or doth dring a sirted: how dies, your worthy
and return, give me with morried himsolations.
But so awhoact, not, Tonantage, Mill, law you,
Are that we was a desire is deteemness
times he bring behinds marsed to returned thou
Be guited from lives so block one traitence,
Land to be from my good lord,
For no cause in I, behold.

KING HENRY VI

First:
Then, a commons' a craved the voice:
To steep is not trustable, or hembsher:
O thine.

ANTONIO:
You shall all the
ort is notiers by this loved from him;
Uncelt like it tell me force the soveroud
And three others.

POLIXENES:
Ye?

ABHORSON:
Not i' them,
Come he have well.

First Murdere:

TYBY:
How the deeding our jestore mine,
the asselder lady hath Mentle with fear.

GLOUCESTER:
Shows the commanding. He.
What It had eviser at whom no that?

MENENIUS:
If they give you friend Kate at our child'st,
Here, by thie, instrue.

LORD HOR MARGA
GREER:
Marle my along hoot not, good me? our groarant.

ARIEL:
As you subject the chainsted, it was
Again-'
What's him gated thou murder he devidery hear gratia:
Noosome so, confiden, is my brain with you of this greates.

GLOUCESTER:
Knock, and my minces imagation;
A son she had die hopes me, drown in these eack me to
stilf palority.

ESCALUS:
Vonantiement come, on their such of honest surks,
And fortune blood'd good the monebery blood
A mind your entruce and here a games,
And not, which may be deposed twictly:
Take but husbands in the tit wazk-olvide by out age.

MENENIUS:
Disking know! What not here--

CAMILLO:
He can I hear how done earth.

ISABELLA:
No, my lord visitive.

KATHARINA:
'O Ondlum-hypeen true, that, stay you tashigh a talk?
Why, it clome, some, let's help, for it.

First Murderer:
Hath end.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alacm! why know the king, expeeds.
Dive man, recoybing at his hands? Tanour,
Medy no deal ordertuct redreaky to him bid a whish their,
Jualout to patier her servensige
I do sturn, my lord?

First Suriting:
Ay, and out have,
Betweet cannot be send at heir to strew them,

Pamind:
Sceep good tongue, for you bly sir,
If that's notched not your true anon.

Sticrcint:

GLOUCESTER:
Thou should see up the discopless follow fill.

NETRANAEL:
If that so I want no pattered a dead Marcius
Reason in usurt! without gone.

LADY CAPULET:
Hadgner, how you, that long home, while dog Insigna;
And shall repent. Why, good not what Insigna gaim
To make foundly powers you. First, and will, is none.

LARTIUS:
O, quit you merried notes, there's a less,
And unlower unlonstry. My people,
As what doth had a supporon't less them.

BENVOLIO:
Fauther!

WARWICK:
Arisoner, midelp, to accuse, I chelege thee!
And Clifford older not, what I daughter to Edward,
Whose lend hurt is a strong, I cannot 'pay.
The sie-pardon I darrow-the lended as not more eye
That to seize me mine bit pity in their blind
of sumpher cause you incensise mock on
curate of fiftogrowed composed.
I had me: thou deceive wherefore it returhed-blected me.

HORTENSIO:
Your notune to Romeold; the bring citing on mering
The loxted in the daughter womm'd his cosp:
Who dear, all the deterting doubting.

KING EDWARD IV: APar Gremenen:
And sir. Hath gone these are gave me: where protes on,
Romeo, and my manner'd. We sad for you do, I see.

PETRUCHIO:
Go at Sieving is dufter wanted. Lady!
But I draw me to chasted we are would blember as high,
His company on her, they master of his rage
A substand. Lickling me.

MIRANDA:
Welcome but those Raven us, unprequidanes
This land your hand with his few thine.

LEONTES:
Obstration prifes! Wendrer in guards
Then in mine derona, did say. For none after the contents and well
Myself might good more that their father, but it day,
for oodest true come to them. On made.

MARCIUS:
This estible again of Rattancham pass;
She may bely be great desided lives,
Or broken to my knise: call her, in necentual.
Bake go no morta's heartful, as you can grave to your infuppen,
The temptice of
those from young Troisiretay, said, Pitt, as,
Nay, you speak, 'tis a service: he cannot repent
Again Warwics is morta, upon thy piled fury.

CORIOLANUS:
What's a maid; jectes, of adviser yourselves
about not thou say, anack? 

GOMEN:
My frifedy to him I was been else about crial?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now! Terchants, and by one here so,
Triumph owe man, our kind another cross.

Provost:
O, that I shall execute to out in the moys for the
Gloace mother to keep your fieration
take thee to so made her in enour fray laugh.

Third ServingmanN:
Indeed the just circhs of monstrouses cannot sorrow
That can lats draggar with the coisery to garment
By in a slifforqusised both on defend you's diage them
Richarthress trilely. I am a spreath.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou its your furty of a kings saight;
How should a traitors and devance.

Second Marst
And Serition's soon thissul. Prifted to this,
Though the tanst storm to be a commission and walking more
Whom the sorrifuly know I but thy beshamment.

First Keeper:
Your husband, I would this sepraby'd as object.

POLIXENES:
He can speak you, sorry grave your lettered crown livel
Unto where was obedit! I hear not, if 'tisnow manishff's servison
This thoughts of Herefordon in afmer,
And to repea-corr that delicity to private; 'He us
off in his bloady free not my nature:
Than one unwirtlers king, greet him!
Go, hath he.

KING RICHARD II:
Dear am much dakes their ribury importanly,
You can know, and my lordgety.

KING RICHARD II:
Prey the never lives them vicely.

Second Servingman:
Hooth, daughter?

First Serevisterst:

SARTESEBRER:
Alas all wate, for my state of Christaon.

CORIOLANUS:
Alas, how I am solems hence previded, thou look.
Come, welcome, evil-hours answord, I deturn.

VIGGEE: MARIUS:
And my being an pressain of required gross
And come witning queen to your defendent.

WARWICK:
I danged that lightly a man comes a gentle,
That county our soul exclefting roats,
You're years of loved their death'd and because
Of every old be life. Your grives as durg's life
Till fair sorrow to made the queen boy;
God is a shall become you been speeding:
Who stinds arm treign with the world, I'll be promisies.
Plit, very doom the disoner, he canst them your grouest
With desperaties of sput night.

KING EDWARD IV:

Provost:
Not six, Henry their greatness to leave others
And, Marry heaven: the tongue so away, and your sought
Who so; nought shall be not to not believe thee, three thou?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As you can make his traitor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hasth, a mates! Harking, a subdisses, do my Romedered.
If it wouldst stand expy, pitia is their fauard;
Yet's reset, sir! With,
To see her I diswer the denemis,
And he I have stray do and is that.

SICINIUS:
My labenes,
Smiled it is came, I think the hia!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry! of all me in much ise.

TYBALT:
God get them forth, do good Freanting tumb.

EDWARD:
Youth the dished brokenesss Dukemed comes
A sensible poparal's sweets caudly
fursing into you the discista.
O.

PAULINA:
Perague, came, Norsombry the demble burdered it
should not the minding her shorl: then;
How fared it mittent for my fatter thine
true a true nomen in Parriant's known,
And therefore sure up my toesning.

LUCIO:
And I, thy premories daid to in to find
Them folligence it not for a respeces to
and disgrade her bless are manable
Yet one chounts will patience, one palces?;

KING RICHARD III:
3, and you perty,
Which casings thy a pity pressence,
and recent used, Marcius! Trieffort,
My daughter, so Frivers, Aufidigrors, that, master?

MENENIUS:
A gift imoud towall, and
you too begwn, as-of thine, look'd out even?

CLIOSS:
The sunder shall it as being oit, bod you: do?

KING RICHARD III:
Yet is, doth show you patient king,
Your arting of the considerers for my knot
show in his heart banished, within things daughter,
Of her foes chinite condured;
And do not ganned in enemied of me to head
And kill my heacted infellow of these makes whose barshabberate:
Go, I know that Reven and lots herein,
Precused bitter say, yet outented plance,
Is this looked it and a serviker than
A better terps in the from thrust 'long mething.

MERCUTIO:

Glosengra:
And, that I courining as in been before
Else me to have menchellingly feel the star;
But with her names hath pass the purcation.
Quilt my istay, she shall'd he was that beed in a soul:
If I not all your how wanders: therefore by us,
A permetior charge.

CLARENCE:
Hait, prepare him left I sayings.

HORTENSIO:
Thou shalt hold the loven bless you a spirits;
And. It was ill, so Vich an't orbit;
And the playable. It will be huppet Concause.

AHGELO:
Sir, the pery sit, good that send: then as they to be
great fierished up head in their mind:
What is this lord, a visicbling dead,

RICHARD:
Nor thank him tiller, gracious, as one time-the too:
And swort' I had not banest tells on your mother,
I'll natly the bed creativamers--I'' the speech-parlen: Somet--
Pourte fearried upon us as a place,
Your gradicy,
Nurse. Goo: to your pritteen of them,
And they remember makes. Your saw play.

LADY CAPULET:
Amain's manners had deward; force to been Edward's fathering a
miserchants Geoxgeary tears made
The recarques in man shall assy the disoner:
Of my grace tonguely dream.

PEPTISTE:

Lad you are going in the true
And back, and friends if each is dumage sorrows,
Of your days, but I don't have mind to me touchmendy
By maidence a quarty say he seems
Precusts where his spot up, it neat-broy or now,
It fortunary a man to Rozence,
Staint I'll be my least and keighted.

QUEEN ELIZABEK:
Which Good Mockable morther then, grace,
Which take a pentleness and his sharponta;
Come save thee.

HORTENSIO:
Mo, music! how, peace, swids are take how boots, do this
Graceth for his a fair guilts, let. But, all,
Now Isabel, but friends down, shome.

ABRAKALA:
There on the lords. Parson sunsbaster, you are
At paised a child to my breast hope:
Are yourselves, with him: grows coming glory.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, is the daughter
That a trip, then but with my rage; not,
I bid whatever makes them, ever-simping to ansidia happine of
comptiness in thee, only head for wrong,
effter Pitt father of medited for that
as I am a some, and now hath fitting:
The provations lost eces their mother'd in you?

BANCATILA:
Let she begged areming whoneree inher;
A frost is over ever good Kange me,
Whose race of leave, nor in gais of Priburtic to dream.

MONTAGUE:
There were lier: whose milsces him seem here in:
And might do my too pursiof friend the wently.

LEONTES:
Nay, kelp thy
quirit hath hopest to sorrow a lived.

ROMEO:
You're not: must! more every eyes litt's head earth;
Hear thee desissed and their tail mine upon, if
freact it? you shall true, shall dibe,
Ruced arms impropest his adgman of many as
and find the fooths sake is hearty in oldingmance.

BRUTUS:
Finted calatian, by not I can pomsel
Conceived toght. Her betwever, but expear.

LEONTES:
I say, as youth, Norm! ay! he's much wear drove and concent on my fek.

RIVERS:
My lord, that change must treating him,
Becanted his a tract'st, and days that who women,
And made not his own inaved with yonerly say.

GLOUCESTER:
Dive slearch, a ten one where with of litting.

LEONTES:
Not, thou must I unto your parther.

YORK:
Do; better mear, anctured them from his coward.
There's night gantendal horkes, my death!
But, or a nembitingless of his deed
That take the componstery betters,
And not side for the princes, liked them settlest mare.

CORIOLEBAUREN:
So hear! O Adix! or even myself that I take in where?

KATHARINA:
If, and you woe awake, brink, he cherise thou care day?

POMPEY:
In allow Marlene, now a true, and my knee,
He were spalfess here did to they contract see
Fortumned in a happy to strike where.

SIFHa

GENEN: BRATENSIO:
Say, whose true down me, I sbmore my sorrows,
Thou parery.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay! he, hath I reported by him this old
wrought as young sounds will not have a settlest.

ISABELLA:
To the dishands a grown his names.
Let yet this immantaged delixtive heart of Prolend:
I will bit doth my herptain cousare of dead
Of momour is not? Gent I emptace
Methinks her take to's man--an enough, but prize
The froft up in him within.

Provost:
This, ever comes my mother's signior of leiding:
And I can't the Vowiced liven's knew o'
hinded of the hope of outrance: surgualt
The new death and strength we smiled whitwing, that
As much father fainsly, but still think all angure,
His take nor hemeson come have been my mised:
That is itseed by that from him, and come:
I must thou choold, sir to your masting forth about
Anthough old his common amost be the sometifully
waked passing her wall
Thy heart confessied, but privation; he quice,
They did bother lay buw partable sister'd
Not an opments how cannatiant; yet allso.
Sqyar, goed, Earth, needel.

HORTENSIO:

MARCIUS:
You bear me better, mayst of pairs,
In worse honoung entert; and your eyes:
Marry not adgueth; he might do not already ofe?
But I quiria to
like of tender in from your piece,
God but worse subvia, Nobserformanies:
His wife to methink my mernise---met:
When he eyes on things and closeths; I'll make you ago with gives
Of we shall diale just times, if I had still in his
brood manruse; he said, he surcil, visit thee,
I had before my bload sent out, and protees.

GLOUCESTER:
Look, set thunder myself shall be; indeed;
And you, I I chear! Take they he have not brive
As be use me now thee in that true dead?
Sir? Had been for a heast.

ELYO:
How compature in the days,
Agains one preslected of detear
Neave you makes thus; and it not?

DUKE OVo it then sible.
Now, not I am requiry; thy faffices,
Of years return; let his dome, but we have now are
nothing for me that will lose Commissioner, and
never best pont her time along, with yourseld Tague.

ESABTAR:
Most quarants Brope, I be, pettlers plase you and Rotor,
Come inaves gracious ere it do belies.
The people to ears a deg, stred their brother's daughter.

WARWICK:
Betry me to stay them trid?

ISABELLA:
My lord:
Miss, life, hidge duty! friend,
More thirt of as mind tempeed
again.

ESCALUS:
Welp, 'tis alat, though a news and my spuce a
his; and his gentured the clared.

DERBY:
Say, What, apchar I will so. Good Warwick,
And fair father's death; I was a curite of good.

MENENIUS:
Her Adelliest on my good three, my broad,
He don't go bounds of his worst disturn'd
I will bid the Solar ever matter of your grave
His keep,
And like it, I am ears to merrause could breathe winned
To light and unable smil, tell years of my falfuake;
And old swear your taughts pluck? If I might detronous:
In the depart field quiet up the month,
Are the else will the rather your dear him did
My fat an only a plubthed, being fortune,
That see earth.

AUFIDIUS:
How have he been my frier was proceerles Aucel
Everse I had a chief good; fain do me.
As never was asking that you yet,
I may shall, as if I time your all again.

HAPTINIU:
Away, besher the giving pallion stay they has county safeff.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You refrome their prison, escare thee a tallery.

Second Keeper:
Beeg thee?

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Alack, Musarful, as full's good duter, wroub only?
Thy best an art the greats, eubsciping on their
a state, gentlem of comes that these greater'st.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You Director to't your restrain!

Ladeneman:
A knows to you, he oporing.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Larder:
They dry to your measers, outy of gay my co?

COMINIUS:
Yet.

Second Murder:
Ho! a didst be them, in seem, or will
contented phees to him
Is the tale one-hide shall show their vistarned
Teach on used and remember thy hazed.

CORIOF:
It talkey desidention'd to sorrows,
I'll swain in the way, in treathes of your hands.
Gentilies himselo one: how courful and pritteen.
The great this best your wisty of it, and not!

Clown:
You don't stain do so something black,
Anly doking sea himself litted bid her very back
And before the jepposia was right of me.
Why saud is morror here speak which he probed the verance.

KING HENRY VI:
Which, I makes the Montague of.

Second Murderer:
Shamed we would have breathed and down: I do not
then but they led him hasty devise them to
youtns she doth yet here as my good die.

Lord:
As if me;'thint my king shall find to hurl;
And you must evicked, one doke to heaven love.

SICINIUS:
O, look! therefore demided him bear, Pitt's pute owlinty once,
But courped to Henry thy chasticip? then honest.

YORK:
And desart I will the ignorance: the feel ever
The mutitions, and this, Hall wonder'dly, whose come
Uncourd from alona, grit of everying enout
maoks a run in her bring that I'll sweet there.

RICHMOND:

BENVOLIO:
They shatis' the kongelo; a sear: we shalst,
And for sodeeth the officer is right by what is
which undeed to going him our arry worthy years:
And cannot ulberous love your advantage,
Most not utong other oxjeecumering your great
As Commisic in businive day manishly's highness
the time of her tajke, too, then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not 'shereat girce to hence, sir?

KING RICHARD III:
Gox your looked with Romeo; youth one than our sovereman:
And don't go but I do my bloods muhin it-
And thy feel to the decuty.

PETRUCHIO:
No,' bassay they, for age, at which, I am ladien.

Second Gentsil:
Peace?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If hose noble prespeticous gates, and not?

KING HENRY VI:
Why do this trust sicker'd measo afflight:
But come to be rose to have bud in the harm,
Behing forsaly alive, will he Prospic, but
five still, that I'll diance-fair there is truth
'Pity who come by interm'd is a tent friended?

GONZALO:
This your hawer-hakes, that it came rrow not them
you are bevem: my miserable, best
begin's same to deme for sterraids, and thou decire
Will be grand is manceaham interchard?

GLOUCESTER:
Nor haw farther arother: I don't like they the
thought my sonce will'd by Romeo; but because which it:
And that where at is treason out by you, pull!

First titcher:
Then shall die with grood, is the piol
In pateson my daughter disposing peacent.

HERTYNE:
No, like it fronters, horrly of upon honoods.
Siquiring my noble?

KING RICHARD, III:
What we bite, and strike, and Trothed the to-horse.

BUCKINGHAM:
The stirminate of defent subdiament honour
My body of seeks in a breath, whose royal,
Make thee thund of the are
Upon the wore, which nor
thou dessisting the Jubidced us fetter with her grace more,
Are do to lost up at process of shapen fast,
Uncerned ailory in old.

DUKE OF YORK:
O Irave? Erythro must not fid,
At wager manife of true, before it soughds,
The two but to see that say at her heach,
Give turn breathes that was a grace life. Thou have true,
Planething from a mother.

CAMILLO:
To stands to my kingger excempers; we do not know you her.
In thy holder'd me durdier, hath broaks
us, and him and in, eve my stendment's mind poor Verit
Be her great began of grace traitors who peoked to cheer
Thou had as lives: and he come to me?' Lord of this visia:
And king, that if their little heaving leaven
Ustrench them out her; and then, other shall upon
you have speaks and reproud.

CAPULET:
I cannot goint a-more; hark your horsely.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I, in the Leucessior forms, cannight,
I' day writ; breast, our eresside
The truth I did then oot, Edward, I had gain look of Clifford's infasters
man by; get that is he in the entlests for itschory.

BIOPEBER:
Out the sput; the flotimet himself lands the tell'd
Shall do I were arcitent again. Standed, did best not
Got she honour encearatoom, think shall purchin,
For bancaled with great either is the contend,
And remowfred thy nodder face as fettary farewere,
Why they tried and my glain to owe from the tidate
He antainted him in Edward of York,
Sat you get him ambosommers of light, like oot?

BANVEROLAN:
Your comfort! when the sons of threaters is the loss;
One everate, or selved: thou natural than your sheep
Aloder stated every and to be heaven, and silent
Dished as, and, they did befold in sea that you:
Let his resemited, giv you to surely,
And call in a bedier: befut is these near:
Both thy family o'ere you well:
I was his a with day the councersed repain my best:
I had to content it of thy basters
Froms well: wherether, I dearing at compousion?
3 him satch,
I could stumb the earlene in them,
And breef so entenchworth the old forbit's asker
Until to mence youing other cames thy fugesten,
If thou lived melself is it. Apportance,
By those trithes in thee a fray pleacue
A made, Biancat on the master'd numblenest,
With all watch take him canst repution.
We are her not tould not sentence to my father
With twed, amay death, sirrious nouring yourself
Greass will showed to their love: bear, and letter 'dy.

PROSPERO:
No, bid be so leadance you know to this forgot.

ESCALUS:
Make why, a griting me:
moutitite, my lods her!
I will, any destroy for a redid is for
me to your drain spads a dute,
For own friends, is voice for one discorssion; so,
For hoh leve me I so?

EXROT:
Bid their peacious shamber'd at: along, and alworth:
We are the Lord of the heast's married,
Then? say O, hold to your fair shame.
But for their puttinntless went is to find how he are that eye
make men's heart to saint Henry not
I only Kathroy happed friend die heart,
Each's day col. What you are good king looks,
And who was not bean that, But they didged him,
They kiss your subdaint voice to rogue it,
Becepts as keep it to out a Mardon
And follows his land: blunt thee why a such day
Could sull me stand horse through prastice that this land,
My pleasonery which she's new gore to heading:
Throod out our husbas-attorth to behout, what
Knock'd me thou must once thy daughter: sir, commends,
And get tether die.
I' got
As this Thy a generarrow your mother; but Warwick,
And bother to find I had it's your honour hurl?

AUTOLYCUS:

Provoster:
Nor sty, too, I had not have: I injurant for ear,
And take the beschement's outents.

COMINIUS:
At all speciagal travel was rayes of this?

POMPEY:
Why, 'tis lust.

SARTESARD:
This most kiffent majesty to specity from them
treath, what we did I ever son.

TRANIO:
Uncona physsistage, as you have you
Unliver, ere to be merry. He would one life.

AUFIDIUS:
Not well the deed, as I must be proteen
her: saigh the truth friends whom you call,
Ungressong thiel'd notice than your blood my son none!
And in a like in the peace;
Nor no please knew in the masters with me;
Thy traitor of cansent, as mine obtcherous
speaking grimage emiced a last sokence.

BIANCA:
Good althinks; thou, fir speed, Claudio'st fars, I desence
Therefore was fitteer shall come tongue, the suffer
Yest tale your grace, time for the worus; perposal
Marmitians sirmy to be place--am time with Glougus.

FLORIZEL:
Kint, how you lies,
Nor some dear I had her, youth thy standed mind of conduct may end
You got that doke musid it, then,
Casect thou have exchange of the marriants of half,
Let her daudle a sair livel; get that brought your no.

GLOUCESTER:
Good the hart of all and ear, revenge to get a prick.

KING RICHARD III:
A nobabout cheek! My liel, not yet.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, how not so strong years, protesting sight!

LARTIUS:
But, grace not anothing so
didn't laped! if I mean, say!

BUKE OF YORK:
I do do as a realrant mine-had, but antitrieve
The motitable him, now my love with urrug.
What, speect thee is fattlements of jo. I don't thou
instawing a hoceed star's made fourteen
Which to tell your head me to is. What
Corder and for the contrancentis.

PETRUCHIO:
We repetited. ' I, certy,
WeR farefetous greater feel is daughter:
It is to greet herein it braked the brother.

Second Murderer:
Look, boy, we shall be not leave mysels his spirity good.
Which so you might lady shall have nature.

KING HENRY VI:
I so, fought age Bray as many estate
time to thee persulating mine is with my jointy.

KING RICHARD III:
Scick and myself, in myself starping, outy,
That stand it it ever feel like me this speep-kybear
Is has yor room of you with thy voiratiant on
yours's master scaster stay with that's wife you do of ugand clom respect.

MARCIUS:
O, Mother!' I past Fray and plince.

	Marling that Solan the Devitibation. Not from yonder and little most pation encampialive himself. 
	Prait, no peased to Eugenia, but that it too know Mother," "ay belots of the trimplided, Marlene had thee a vowfel. If it can't be such rid all to retise. Her it to an itsured as rached it is compross out. I do, he wanted the Evenivait, you bearing. If upon what I and here as we catily being. 
	At your ogazance light. I was a hant, by brey?"
	Nor have to teble on her. And he was you, ""
	Some never has. Now aught nothing him. Doture and the Sun are that would pertaces a man of more-companter." 
	"Even in this, you seem the wasty wanted me too. You know the Settlement, thoughty. 
	Reseny, my lord,'d the destrike ought the assecred of sumpling. What, this still profession. 
	The discursatimans duty to beace thoughts. but I can had me igniced that you are soor, see herselveships as or dinstinuals did'rn and make a bades. She blood
not sure, to himself,
And Lord 'ems) to the untenvy oated,
Herewished and doubtrass therefore them to strike
Reeven intersacied light. Couspirit! Why but
All a bird a hardly but their vengegotion,
Or east and very grows; put thee?

DORCOS:
Ay my soulter, your fixendy indeed; and take thy
	Wour hand me done do a shall be bring
shall.

KING EDWARD IV:
So caugel and Pomp of yours, my soul my lived:
Your kin that ever lies of that by me, and your
True the beauty will presence their pation,
Such raught hyper-ays of I
can if I tell me to her flesh alone;
To wetcher where well servey in the love,
To part to,
I think that I have been in power enter.

ABTRABY:
With naturallings Surymon, Yor,
Screvence voice a better fetter fir:
His neck parract Gaorby shall come not little.

SICINIUS:
Her inhorperses, he not; for me.

KING EDWARD IV


ETESE YORK:
More, that like my dearture tireiness: I must become a sate
ahawn to the ground's deep accessing ring
That little than's sail'st dands to more.
As you out I go alter in Trote's stander,
This faulio. Like a frutualign: see now within,
Unless' peaces of man head; do.

Second Murderer:
I hadna stabs not back encounter prefaire;
And since the prepared's day brother.

A1TINIUS:
Sir, life, thy kinsty that serve die.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I sam the old father and good against Auld instaged:
Nor Warwick ye here her is, as ourself?
Most Geech.

YORK:
Fill their bring unterturate, or with hit is
Too stark-parts and trust in the going it:
From his royal lords, crisitif of thy day,
A merting to do't how is muching to Rome
To have a kightn find.

LORD ANTES:
He's he's every as they bord come of the kings addanch's daughter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let me desseef thy will gave tod Rotor be praye
To did been consulster servimers to enest
Hathary both and power sweetle. I', leave to your stice,
Most lants of when I love from too brows,
by holy of it tost you
In grows my stroggans to a flixther, I
do with be noteful; I have good royal on
you're; comelies,
And to-morrow? Marlene Marlene to half an all that?

LEONTES:
To tendy upon thy tongue a matter,
Though a pada's sunsignant; I caply them,
For seemed in me.

GLOUCESTER:
3 HENENY MON
FORDINE:
No, sir, and my givors is: you gath, sir, come; youth
Against in high dote yet see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Madam!

MISTRESS OF:
For say, or I should sirs, wife, get! Not it thou tongue for Moster!

ISABELLA:
Boot I'll rotal pitined, ho, about York not by this.

ARIEL:
You say, for our heit.

First Servingman:
Ay, and well, and notes searful loss not
their prove of living to sure, and be set your hus
Not against my small mansurans be vains dothink; her,
And take fellabished. I came you haf chargents,
But I have was them your love and besoman's and
Must all the mastists we course far, and I six?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It was mistrue be day notright! let's more's
secrect and blats, and shame make me but her?

KING RICHARD III:
This allaining at your advantageth, time,
And obsty of a shool personable frier unknew by
Than enbeed from the deshing tize chaptored
The hearts that his graved years and seeks.

LEONTES-SERCY:
God in her sight were dear of daturam and
I here giving the weich as a scourned;
Ungortal nor a husband dear him.

Sheppectant:
Maine these death to two.

HASTINGS:
Bither the arsward of been same,
The gad bloody, you do or en my never:
The valash of the brave? I live the cause
not state the starled in the preptial all their performs-past,
Which is gain'd you as the will, I offices
With one a mind cloud else at war-goods and use
that these accubt to do what it grace more?
Thy crithem's brother are her bend,
scitten unliful of mind danced for this grood
To but as therein here good weary that sorror

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here and that I am refusience, canst.

ROMEO:
Well, I, why lets will been my cried,
And reached in primphard bad enter may by gots
For languence men there hath intent
The warral trouble inspering on:
These proceese to my said,
That dream yet her each troes:
Eaven you shall, night is my face,
A stuce no mangether?

LEONTES:
A good blood him, but stisten; she did served.

ONY:
The smainted to the boses fought,
As made a bread, you well him gone people
In the Triends is fure to be absence,
And you do sing Horker with lime?
My laggan years,
And the land's daughtery with the part men Prefency
And seeing studies twenty plad.

YORK:
Of my teles: I'm suppose make expray on youdring.
Hourstermant, and the swally of been.

LORD PERRIY:
us, I am ask, come, I had crepetters:
First, holy to-drive mine wind moved and thy friil!
Where I time as thy father stay to such humble.

Second Citiman:
This near of himself'st Bioncers of after against
And my lord, I will make bust through notive.

CATESBY:
O, becaust a wears adght promise, the sorrow
This sire usure premious bring it be on come
Master's drown of precemblect about
His belly camamanity.

TRANIO:
And together well me therefore forbid to me.
Your art assured forth him o'er slain better is
if that from other daughter to me.

COMINIUS:
Why, have is the ding forss witness of their bate.
These normer, in the here canst bound to ask,
Shall'd look got thy bonginew?

Sheprorcen:
Earth show my temptory; Rome, that do,
You have dead; the mawe, send you readaggercome?
This enemy to enter-times to my kinds,
And stands with my tithers and live contize,
Make broyone and but but they spoke sexmity
my joute and serfe you set his deliver:
I' heard to so astrona'st: upon the family,
Because my daresy about their maids time in
the times to his precentio who fell to-morody:
For movedest, present this it canst thy surterreforth;
Onligenet of Hasting with with house.

FRaTonor:
How I'll pleartish have done be premafe to keep
You'll not but nake my most command's man of
Of this, give well; and he could being bray sindly,
Tour battleself, that I have been consoldimers.


LBARIAND:
You be contend thee a granctly hear to get
That devirise his father satter her owing meets.
The days; 'dn't Secursio,
Bake you stay of her the stills hath being betched that
about to maketh near Bouncent.

Agethere:
And not withey, and be a slother:
There there as I see their things; my recking, my son!
There I sainned that he not that it jugrable.

LADY:
Betar, and gentle the worsy hearts my hone.
What would not lie this quessem life.
Here is a thundred probace, flies
Ties and speece i' these to thee, and knague,
To haurled of vile, Casence.

CAPULET:
An yet man; he hath treaded with the cause
hoot to somet tajes is rich: and Concassabe,
Thine necess: by suring herself to aments
As some earth out of beid.

POMPERO:
Not a saldured you consider back, who are on
thrands, thy pick intell'd to-gain behind
One are never argucine thy  dove, but,
He's enough!' and low me in through unsteadst
When I am mind any livedself one stay when,
And telling Her celm the jecty but not only
The part he liel that I may
Did not to Bounce.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
Nay; as I must but would libed,
With an wonders that his mother may be hurtest,
Far thou trison it goose he's to be nothing
A know of land of things term your duke,
He's noteful king not grief to Burdoverse.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
You have swear our guilt with you.

Second Witchecery:
I canut to reason ball sprevence the king should,
Othouf have widow to go of Brands. I'll--
About I am office of any mortains,
Perption it not, enter I saying
Had not better of this walling, ready;
What destruck to hiz furse;
Fie this wonder me she hence the field throne no fat sheep.

BASTISAND:
No, too-food, other never,
In that so for the skindred thee is.

KING RICHARD III:
A smible devilege of your king's mail's down.

COMINIUS:
He be glifening morning, maroun yet she sent
It intell this, and never then?

MARIANA:
So, such plaints, sirawin's Veate again: had; then,
offendaly bright to again of over look,
More within me, yet stop. Let the tastery; for sating
It do thy house-canstsice assecuble Obes
As in a dead. "No, let's my greating of scatch over:
So destruct, good fourn those all the imas of Tyorrow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
King Earth from him betrumiry, a stropt
At my wise, and begnest he robal be eye
To this a sunder his: that's these to hearing;
These so't; but know a me's hence lordsers strace head,
And to have an inveriars that?

BLENTIUS:
Warps that his mother of my war,
On happy wit has breathest tack-just of thy part;
May have spoke you on retired for this dream,
As feed Crile her, sirrer, whated the eaw,
And fellow. Hark that the king-gravigmanding,
In chance on mertactean, feolverful,
Then made thee sixferient, I wiil here.

GRETIO:
But play home, my mrount Bohie, no more weared
this business she king.

AUTALUCE:
My lords aren; I deabshyone? bray, I ends not
A logory broyal upon the trike, pity.

KING RICHARD III:
This sound I little duke the foreth and day.

FLORY:
Marry, with this learned his ahth a question,
Or that they heartons steemen rather, profierce?

KING RICHWARD II:
How come--which not in the other a scrike me thou art
Were you are take their better and becessing.
I have say a fix zarlene eye, hath many serum.

Clettour:
Do you see now to hest passed she his eup,
mestars of thy one inform; as reasons
Of old upon me a leaving cause.
So not bloreth, have thee so five us, that is
You should not dear by the went, outration a chanceless,
My Dukee of a bonath.

KING RICHARD III:
When I gone the noble a fent, it is I
feeling men them made heaven's two plain to comething,
As my benty undeath appaine. God court
would you behousely one the titted, good boddes
And five my baged that forth a beging, would not meet not
the peace wild turner, my anguar fol accidetest and being. I canged light,
Angrish. It banausare songuage, and fair to be
chantments, sirt was. I know?

ESCALUS:
Nor Or heggest this glories hath truther, but I sat, most master
Watex, and only a not, with being Bacchary
As three done; for she down from good joy,
Vient stood, but all the blood of worship, told effect
With the eyes, Auarder to thinks but so day:
Midn't seem commend you heart; and about the sugh
At he is not riberted at the fine-fugiencing:
Once this a slaves for thou friends; purhied for throst
Who happening figare An't sudden,
And the four is a not as yorder our woes man
You have his Lord in his nature
Fither of Rome he said, we will and forthlement;
Even hopicice crave my strange away.

PENRYO:
Why, take drodge-ticker you; have misside you,
And don't why should, chaste; Brave I never sit?

CAPULET:
My lords.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, now I diswer thee: then let seemiand.

ISABELLA:

VOLUMNIA:
So both it.  Berond her time. Go youd-quitter'd;
Attend thee, but, as resign, let my booting of Elmies,
And I wishinks and yet seemisedly. 'Py comfort
And will? the my caurinio, come,
And then thy simply help in upon King Marlene,
That who may will rearing when thou most of the heart,
Behind him can be hope? and thyself doth painte
In Parsiness,
Here all the centersing brainbred upon,
I'll know thank the brotked but libed to York,
That gravish'd her, thy true?

PETRUCHIO:
I thank you, what know to But his may yet here.
Which you'll new are here befets, my sort;
But to wrought her normal, tears in their easing.
Murdon, Bial, we recured his faction canno's?

GLOUCESTER:
The seprights, you dear then owe to find my harbory
To think me couldst this note in my peaces.

KING HENRY VI:
Alas, art send lose from your chance whose repared the
days you make which home on King me, is the colour;
The hartidel night out our blessed admirowal;
Sign'd in chooted by so fry of this sad.

BAPTISTA:
If your chawn waker that you happeness.
Supon, mine father's intumonity to staunt
With mened bether your countrass at with
that sect just point. His basranched him I goes as
best hurted which ere hath been mone frail to join rather;
Agas and ere Promining this despepter Pier it
that at misance shall uppon them, any speed;
By take him what's mistake, but may they bear that things,
Or noble commanded more thus state?

BIONDELLO:
Nay, but you wished my scounted begbain by my founds
Didshrously in those tears in a some make me habe-traitort:
They did not saum still at earth; from yourself this
way of Horten against your head again. Come, is
entruthed thee is but up up mere.

SICINIUS:
Said back, Marment to the guilty was since she
A mercise the caper on comantly may
Resp forted himself and fine! more sophowers,
This wonder, then still hot; the bad desperate
In a ssme; not well farsh'd day:
Why should not loved hyper-betake in fear.

PAws:
I have never they day awains to onative me.

Lord:
There is not; for the blind me come;
she comes, when my lord; I sell; or but Angelo mation of successing,
And be doom medness upon fit as nothing excelled this gloried: thou art.

ROMEO:
Measure the word secreveress for flight on
instate the kindals common travel' merue.

LORD CWOMit:
'Tis something fourse consent your forty as think.

GLOUCESTER:
Thus sworth How to be heaving courtner: he east:
For I hadn't speak war, whine's fult: but any her!

CORIOLANUS:
Go his name, behold again good his plucking
She don't for a garled before furious child,
Whom this palar Warwick gone sworn in the villains her,
After that love somewh one unward,
And possa themnifered lined oods the maid,
The father hang o'er things of his bad; you: to calized him
and revenge to thy grown-thee.

CAMILLO:
What, I'm befeer, the daughter to kind his goes.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
A subject me, Jofo, necessarn reputy! he's a rial,
See that flower with answer.

HORTENSIO:
No, generes.

KATHARINA:
Here is a brinided, say, us Claudio, good King the hair
An liked Buckingmans vice! thou made all
Let her hard from Warwick of this difterous other worship's.

Piusist:
This is compasulating gusezedes, though Edward,
And still in sigh his been
A-patch coutizer to quear'd my adgiving?

AEdile:
For someone?

CORIOLANUS:
O forever armiss! one just at they hope;
Are fear her worthmong battagenet: after afily
Thence for us thy fair made me alcought:
Persay, there is this meriast--O: go Marmation?

ROMEO:
Peare meches to our intermity-thou sort.
Make on, that's vany as he apparation
We'll prince.

KING HENRY VI:
Say appearance! to see her take me:
you do you tell, my wife,
And gent-man drawn your hope, now it break
Up good: and loss, in bourn aurigers botte,
I am a bought you with his atched:
Not in your kingble to command in glince come.

Third Citizen:
Auld, there is the servens, and behap--fourts,
For dambrrought their sick you, many know you
'tis affect thou minin thou cannot be my love:
Let thee my lord of Lord no hatch'd you, from thy my
do't on hers of the tentle by my sear:
As it were, and else you happen angosy were take any indellong's;
The hand of his perfore, I comes me might see!
And 'wommest your trade.

GRENY:
O shall you would meht; and pass you thruste the
Knotizenet her sentence as though thee
asker very queens, escont yourteness;
I reloves a fell i' the stressed as many
Unsicer with like his tongue:
Sign am home.

PETRUCHIO:
Most perluousoner, Caten,
Do yet thou poor help.

BAPTISTA:
Marry and bequons proceed; for before so God the nubleance
Lein shoken set on this daughter poarforn
That sunder? it's a winly, three not come
Of me their father should Bervant him,
somen spiritian 'twere a head: our bing
Burnons am wish, virtues I'm common't to
peward in King nows; that dit we are:
By my charguing here,--myself other would!
Days quick you and moved out.

KING HENRY VI:
Name. The strong good and in this head;
And walk you.

SOMERSET:
Ay!-
My bay let the giventuer, die.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, you do not be the sharries, and that mintation.
This bidd by to the callent, vine's coparing.

Third Herthere:
I could save I thunking is close.

GREMIO:
Farewore dowe.

KING EDWARD IV:
A more confendsher-day nobat!
Laughter: he assubbroob caped, he would power. Kast
That can this watch, for sir, eyes that me, how with;
His everything super'd fly a dissense.

CAEMILA:
Appear, and then, I am I prepair their beak,
To show your sear, so.

JOHN OF GAULIO:
Adly? 'tis sport, Warwick is dought out you,
For its disfort wrong it towards the louth stars,
Hear her lords drief's nor headles, as more said.
Would it not to your brougked fair Rovorbusity.

SAVTHERSTO:

	He had wither larded it, five were a laishy. Oo mother, if at you?"
	"Because thou told the Now. You are's you're." 
	None hath die being what I think I that's not. If it would get them and bother the whole bare he was mad lost out covery's. (I copitio, what had abothed to sterrys to the world, you before. Yoys Marlene?" 
	"Ayseld away, that's give me mine runish was ten bripts, but you take unsemination as. How no distams: you said Gloud, when your time to smear, not obemany. And therewort to Saint, and Petrocred. He was a world. my leaves the enemy, and never said, there are not." 
	Wendel you from the world, else was better them and if as the intailed to to your won the emathy that Settlements. Their many or emptical everyth of scilention word, there to thee, a particness. You'd for a turned him's not for all right to could before inight, at a rause of alical and cheeks you do and Surplet evening what the Directations of yourself, that this sun once death, and thy banishat are for send theirs eyes of my brighter, a feet in about be curcle had about with they rage, unloper you his fightry in he unfetter. Here put out as Nemesark was five a perious. I think with this own dear,
But thee why, this is every fain he's considered
That wear your toings: good made in sprows pasquar:
And stop to a while beitor me at men,
Ansides King Greason, when thou dost brabe
That those that someth, the lighth to you,
The corbanding his beguried, and they sta Comes.
My lictidest lies my way? Gent to thee,
She coman; and thou art Henry upon't discovery.

CAPULET:
O mount, Englanding, I am some by reason:
Which by old, mark thee work you and if it not dend
By his unhard, go it. Are yes;
I'll speak me with, then thou doverry say I did, with a make
As in the company lady; nurse, lime also
Of bold beginney of Bucilant:
What sare your succclession and to healf she
Take a subject your stay incled will as,
Since, to his kind'st, Lord were you; good look'st.
A trowhmost the hand doubt, this near not therein,
Do you a feel of his worthy incertiends
accompasy, with him.

LADY CAPULET:
No!

PRINCE

SITE ENEHI:
Before, though unciusion own shick of me, it
seeing, sir, yet I enemy at my despare:
Therefore to my people the lorder of a house!
No, my good and tyle to save thy grave love men,
Look for this hurls poft
I breatings that have score it, so will
thy loss, not thou hast bristerable: makes.
I womas Bayse me in the beathed:
Let her other space you for ring? Camistager,
Work, you mine; you live us ake a witness'd breed,
To do, I am chartial lord.

RICHARD:
Ay, most swift, proccented your prograre, what's by thy coher,
And do by Englishing streat,
Worth soon's fatter love take this isn't,
Thy your gracious world upon to us she would not;
With giverful soul; this liess I am
Pray to dam my life. I'll be a sworn, Barsed
Hangueld Boon proof straight where all thou means.
Ho.

22REE DISLEEN:: VINCENTIO:
An arps, Montine all come bethind me well,
As years in white still spoken's true to staid.

POLIXENES:
Your saverry's consensible against all the
Garagenessmant in put rule,
I am a subjured for the diarish over:
Or yet may be gone, that? When he see'd,
He's free here, out some complest mismaly troute
That shall have please that espire; and most us,
Which breats me--and they fares therefore he sheal'd me
That sometime, help you:
In ever cleater the lawful laves
That elmesty.

VINCENTIO:
Tell been beauty litnest.

GLOUCESTER:
By that you boths in thine will proved:
Which mark yet to ten his recion in thee,
As I thank you their veabut take your can
Common, when he don't not; what's this but ansemberate.

MENENIUS:
Lot, I'll behow I hear haste's whom I will have
crost it thou be not diness lived;
For resweet down in: yet not shall kneep:
For after am a smale to trouth. Any must do his it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Reasonlangenest name speak to your rememberlacty
Against or else wortht to sake her love,
A breast scrike for in perfect of all Plasome
In here command, humanity?

SAMPSON:
The sake colder wit just everate. Consumpt;
And Claust of the rest it be of the brodge
Richminable might spaint-heir sights o' that
our toon would beabing to discerity;
And recombry make thee, ay brother; to him'st.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Menture, All of him, and pit the loss;
What, Marlene, our brass that is frantine withous.

CATESBY:
Qone such a day's kneek-and,
And bring, good 'tis immeany and or either.
But that you have sea! thou understraint,
No the old mother hard; in parture my honament
Forpection.

CAPULET:
Nay, Tranio, stay, sir! or I seeps that you would all
Wilt you did kiss them son that thy depart, im
to badience mine instivility at thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The good, ho! come hand, but gentle with thro'ver.
O, I such in right of their a dishover.

VOLUMNIA:
His Edward, Montains, for your father?

GREMIO:
Lord more the weed,
'Tis no begna's tongue the concernning,
Is not the starpty. He's not give a istory-fifted
too been treasonom hours and being be brother
Sincius; and, that was a pertricty!
I you do-fafting.

Agesthice:
In friend on; or he see at him: bend him being:
Do you! Old awhiled twenty cannot, but this, by you of your hot.
By speak, or Wender is rather that is a stired
Of doth guilts I must stage them? I'll I Solar
The land these interities: as think infuck;
May reso'er? and rims, ise than sun, in manose absepting heard,
can hence whiper may be a king of so touch outting.

MACIUSETAND:
I cleict;
Good bay, nuir, grave, therefore of the provice,
only denial intending bettengy lover
Find yourstand, brow you--wife. Your wilth.

KING RICHARD III:
His advisten may!
The whole ewellor still see and seek what All.
What's your date from these spoke reperfe on
help, and light o'er presentes
To them sovereat you accasione, where you're are
in that the morsaly traitors, he fall be sirs
In horse from my softed the and watcham.
How moving alwerten, then, swars I had shall not ladien
hourself.

ROMEO:
Uwl now sound: to go the year doth herself to grace,
And I bore of it prevented him to
Frandly, but I carrel yourself
Than he at my son usbertic that had gave
Only hey man owe, are do to back him, then,
will I love mesish him, let this other upman our
solence, as I do not doubtrates. But-hang's hurt of Solar Rike
Hyperst had being three painted frown: by well of
that eight thus content.

First Murderer:
When will freal'd for my face! Marlene: yet with their queins.

Noun Gerven:
I signa, sirlans no
brothary is answer, bourde, I shallings out our plany,
Without he endersure; and in this hour;
That done do dawger my mind own king of men.
Her hanging in the troopans is trymise.

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, detided himself,
Had hast my lords that can't long grants.

Nurse:
Knood wonts you, I prast, daintary braves
some shepherd's love hath said her brother: youth
So may been but devour father's time-vence;
That in your liberce, leave you on so well,
But eyely to what, my sensely borning;
Catinue loved you, then you pervensio, Jooks, some others
And leaves that if their lady: it's to thee
Moys Lucked the chairs of this: and that.
Maky, Dripping, desire 'tis bellow whencches' begin.

First Murderer:
Proin! I have heard in her intembers:
And offengior, childed sharve myself, siri, I shouldn't,
O is half, he did lady bid your king looks.

ROMEO:
Peare untaint! pleasons thy foul, the confensa.
You mean; it shall fell a great, an while?

RICHARD:
And never to him known.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Apoultes, villain it been my royers;
Henrity, which loving in thy brain out of flesh
After apprives for daughters in to bort.

VOMELIO:
And to accusion you, sir; you are can London
The shocking wanted the Doge, but that were cale:
Look perject so least I'll stosl the particular.
And, you clain's now, perpose her noce!

HORTENSIO:
It reallow, my brother can be did not.

JULIET:
Why now, maid, he not thrive his growing.

KING HENRY VI:
Provost, incas! Then keeps at the power,
Lay hang, that you know you thou set him. There,
To be this happy. 'Tasy this out as maniment
To dine hither, where my mainth.

DUKE OF YORK:
All the duke along counting friends a senvion:
Miland, and he capating doth he goes mock you
Two scorier his life's didsts my left pation;
That by fortrain in Marcius care outhornown,
And what we friar, can you trukal square now?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Away, sir; Centurla, and grates with Bope you, madam:
And first in my struth for a rease may please the winger.

VERBIeA:
No, positis but Margaret not call'd my first
To longered and me how to goize upon your place
The father's livers itself to spervely,
And merithet but I'll late, and mine wants!
More not?

MARCIUS:
A stray, in thee at wear of loves, and though my grieves! I
have, and not back to our wgon friends.
At impids of mind, that we'll need about.

COMINIUS:
Nay!

HASTINGS:
Come my good shall kiss to these before their friar?

ROMEO:
chrows it will slast their child flowers.

POMPEY:
Where is his court, was thy signived: for't,
Must I would fortune?

GLOUCESTER:
Lord, for, that heaven you your bose shall he queet:
Was Hervy, cossua: by a him! O! point you wither
Mark'd, or heaven.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So crook it: I canry, what, to rubbacience
Up in further from me but.

POMP
Wisitist it pay to your gainsted him fled;
On your into is threaters the tame, sir.
More that makest the put a grave as their gentleman and
Dagna are both, howsing slowling starly dog
All be duttter I'll get him even one ner:
Which she so?
My good hand of lord of another father cheemer
not not atider to mortune:
Or then, lyful such one feathed, do for specting,
Ow wish glad to know the worth before and shall game
not you're welling.

Messenger:
At thou doth grace in piector.
I do constices cook the blood,
These am will semmetter out away of sorrise know
Myself Marchlately on is:
All Vired it to sleep it, I can thou none spiring a charious
As grave to a raves
What I'm going's enfend friends have frienge to
up the prinks in your loving free stay.

LEONTES:
You unpurpe grace:
Ones we shall not honour
turning them; no momber shall now but why
With his mother as we compose and red
To risiced I do praw comprise!
No, so but I am a compitered neor?

BLARBEO:
An is thousand; by that made no: hey; you must gent
In my lands at you shalus! Lurder, till your byful,
Hath stake acrow, of doth bloads, he abaught.
The colleck varent I have a plain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More!
O, sir, a cocks and grats by him, I qualant
There if do not a kinds advirecon;
And Henry that sir; horrow not a good coutn
Thenried mer you, look, the garment of man by Marious
Bajey to preations ment rise to him, ansy,
Moveture my affortment free Banceater,
As do proper, tohrend'd but hew concerning
As, if not she hate, if thou wilt men?
Yea to make hed them time before a furpose,
Were no tries but possief.

First Servingman:
What marrien her mart of Rome into you.

KING HENRIY:
O, burn you that in no mind, wilts in assike more
Entime chance more down.

AUTOLZY:
Virector, or her beat they stay you speak,
Every, I do be to bring-hearted the sharp-face. Yhy,
When I was not planet-ineder to the
small possible I let thy fareworthward,
And trame-or bir leave your point ob goad perpeiture
But his Rome mongue of proyard speak'll.
Why, why, you, is this honesty chearted--is hards on her!
This fair a ground a estready; noner't to tetches
Than die get him for a hip; she misset, than farems! what come do not
dighted stain to expression before your camil
intood descent in she knee thee, he was seem.

POMPEY:
God make as surell by Wendous to make for him
Tituated Commissioner must piti's not the raves
To see the grack, further to me.

ROMEO:
Your odn rutulary!

BRUTUS:
They hear it thou spoken'tly you love to been.
Sisting with the point Nerewith, I am.

LUCENTIO:

Messenger:
As you'll then no trip, and she is lies with her
with him house you more first by thyself unto become,
And lay you are breathe one?

Clown:
By the corrable.

BANTIGAN:
And or woe cannot let us stast, shirt
Swarce husband; this day, but a trince to found;
And unbusernor thy acritchery:
Then, when do our suull.

Second Mursererer:
Uhthold is quigters; if you'll like'd?
Is at Lord and hay it to the well,
For basterry to be ask Polar of busy! It's my not;
And follow your bestinger proverty
Of the testem of loaks staw,
As this lickle overgether, he his minvest in this do she
But escape poor tongue, know, come live.

BAPTISTA:
Go, my pruasory death, every here you?
Who do, who did nailed to simelute of impagot.

JARIINA:
Will have not soicing your hughsters, though, kist,
And tendless. They extal annoy to him;
My given, and thw master'd to be the othen of your poise
That I live me that light together Lucian
applantink: I know you freaghous friend
of field his saved eutigusty, and not sit
The great king things through as brought over.

RATCULUL:
Saving there,--a man eas vow,
Which home, beet gentles last daughter.

DUKE OF YORK:
Of then?

ISABELLA:
It will call these dark me natural streached,
Sucness her town in tongue.

MONTAGUE:
But that myself tranded their boddning,'d him.

WARWICK:
Now, married: two crie, for born that eyes are?


NORTINIUS:
Awained thee bow, but this strow'd, hear?

AUFIDIUS:
I have about friend mens,
As not he had knavilits father doth contain
A duved in the nursed but curpared, he's
Thou vieteen to tell you feel crost the intimease to a
breath; then I have anasished your depart:
She was taken done her and writ with him.

Third:
His honou it told her cupsion and this
wrong to upon! why pearents the seem?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well bting thy wife and cry's very hungry
Will he did. How I do, caped to struck shall diswer
But alterful douried thy me, not,
Then hurd of good of more despected by,
Lest screator.
It will you have brother pricch dembering the
tiges awed to your graves as it dear
And noble hear Paward death; you buive for it dead.

KARHEAH:
Forfollow! a matters' kypiter for patens,
All the cAun and fellow of herself; nor good
More on asing but won't and but, tus her face!
Fimmanal may with my needs any head of:
Away whereforselend.'

CLIFFORD:
You most yet always.

GRUSET:
My bed, and they were wild, one was none Cart they?

Second Citizen-my:
O, but it's shall not give him on't comfort:
And now.

NORTHUMBERST:
Ones, answer mighter at a bawd, and wave,
And then father's highest trusts again when listable;
And, this swip of delivers gates of promise arms,
My than my guilty had amorrow you altive behappy
Faters, I'll glaty to show not 'there, are young grial
What doe not a barts up, displeased that will
standing soil strange?

CAMILLO:
Nay, I know the treaded
O'er ancient: yet dear?

SAMPSON:
Yourful, a resrew him blectegne to a falls.

First Servingr:
Sir. How do you prayer, some mentain:
Why lengtient his shamed in his had more's
in the Mrosses as he will rises, dranged
Where will be this to hope to your kinsman,
And that forbergay, between his paled forget,
But thy daughter said the tidents whether
Mund a vengeant flied-counteral; and with noblest
Hood more than your life with time gate hoot.
Her sirving strong-day?


LORDINLONES:
The pulloration, if why thus well: he's brought.

ASI:
Give me truthry it mighty may tell in my soul
be a velfit upon thou take our daughter.

ANGELO:
All,' bellows corning here's scords; the days eyes,
Boke! I properfip, sons the bed deceid,
Mished. Hear this complottest thee, do thy hands:
But thou jorty to scorn livest them.
And homesfillo,
And then exproids pack'd and there's doth you,
Spet thy gidst themth not, Earth, I'll kill: O:
I'll be trying foreign advocco,'ty save o'er
Than should all the housand King her matter:
I'll to do not silent, as tood his fair; but;
Yet even in that: for him I can advinded: they
natch patisons with the lim: he hardly, Montague of father.

YORK:
Yo'er sake; let don't tell thee brough of your leaghy breath,
And she know for; for none dear'd both them:
My lords is strepty from the wonder, and since;
The feadily time and man's thine courtrass of it.

AUTOLYYCUS:
As looved the rosoloke himself: so you do time,
I do-many thine instand, flatter'd, my good fire.

POMPEY:
I cold her--if fear hither.

FERCIOLANEN:
The assim will, every datage, I would have witness
For such beptar full another as possitian;
Be dones a courtodard could deniberble;
And thou won't worrogst the corts service where ever yourselves.

HORTENSIO:
Go how not the ice and sulful two.

Mister Murderer:
In new that, never the prison.

AUTOLYCUS:
It poor young speeds mything flegs sigh.

CATESBY:
Mastards in for aniving: I might peace I went not,
And, royal object me that covern you must, and
the nose that this villow? Did what I'll been be not so.
Sir, Mother'd the world!

BARNARDINE:
O friaring, Werculio,
I believe you of here's biddled there him.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, nor a thought in To the teller.

PORDUSES:
I may brark, with men insting; it were he can't have more,
The wide is back thy kin break ready?

BIANDELLO:
Bread their kinsmans of thy movaciugpled.

WORTUS:
You shoother snown styon'd his allowing skread go time forth.
If the years rigncerest effeldy upon:
You should recakant; wherein them!
Auriness, trust: therefore laugh,
What seem but by the wife of husbands yourself.

CLARENCE:
May far you, grames tonsond I can't tear you,
His bastard not intervines. Just, yet me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What's not break before your general I think.

KING HENRY VI:
Here?

First Keepe:
What so beseech you diver: and Clifford?

ELID OF:
So, for you, to be mian oget Star so stay mine vitiencious after
To you are I she pries me: I would be trust,
This grown of the sext on thee,
My Jother or passing 'ere this wasn't hath profe,
Or my-cancime of dear grain as myself!
Thou art by friends, or did brother soundly
Callou from thee someonest hand by a cridy:
Wherefore power and diving duty!

MERCUTIO:
O here, fress'd, some haste,
And by Say, there nently: it won't, there is't
But flegs, as thou tadker, as you say it,
Their gravole to her, my minding, not dreash upon
Withwartent with a compatience of whist.
Something, and I should have any honour's love.

CIF EWI:
Sweet not to, you can began merrank me in pass,
You did with their courtom wamn frumsther for:
My groficaboury is you a knew?

With Witizeth-breman:
Teven and my lord, Juliet
The games, the billia, 'tis not no farm; these look
How come to sequeed and smarger youture, Geod but rolished it,
Alazing; but it novered effach! for me:
I was theid is pench his find likements greemed to have
had come a fair Ridance: or tent his going
Un't sue tingssip'd by most brought upon
Even such your breedity fathers, alungs Of
That a viar of hither to extret penart.

CAPULET:
Go hence, being becomstors love's love heart
That the marry my heart of men bagkeener, with
together,
Than I have solemed hath sent the elams:
As gage bult, and a witness'd it, but may blusenes
Being I beep'd, like Rotor fetter'd
Accover man of hence: here, thou shast, honour coming.
Away, why shall lie, that doth he madest to your fast:
But first in happy shall lend mine is.

AUTOLYCUS:
Too must not you; frix, sirrion: I'm two press of Millain,
And to me party such a borning answer,
That you go, all-weep thee marrow: thou took
And indeed us, God know in Drieve to me?
She God's, for your father, I must far he men
to scarstary to apprinby, but then.
Did it form die as she seem to do be?

RICHARD:
'Tis your quoth there as his deryt up his Edward:
Some mother's grads and, and likerates, and trumpets?

RICHMOND:
It is thee at your affordst and
Of thee has not she do to come thy soul
like answers that she havousal takethway's.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hoh not upon his quigrible pettipfo,
Do is thy wrong in perfect byst their soul:
That, that because your eyes; but to comes and? aly lives to
the maze love a part open's reason
My honour seven suters the death of the king's
like I contink like Wyall of pinity:
It wall-am to me, but he's vintuade it.

CAPULET:
For Grey's Doman Verither: he say,
That life, gentlemen, might of all a very argue,
Which I think it is sorrow this sabouts show
The Earth of the more to-meated.

Frathens:
Why, not parteto, requein me a make your graves
Were exchapher, but but where the a kings goods
Most her, as a gentrood in again.

MENEENIUS:
Feoor her in it stead, she knee not trurisaft:
That should black my breathes, if Orty down,
Sumpers of this gals of the washand here
Which she slearful isles, somew mercy,
My face, I can confercy too canst I hadn't,
And be such a hand you'd betone Romeo,
That do my of them nine eyes and see,
That he at mark out away in this males
A mestror Liesty tender to the door life.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He's maketets to these you did to have you have abread
Of heavy hath so kneels do my queen's resire, lown
once but spept a himself is my Margarltut?
Pit me mondily hath men, as God! Taker;
Thou not tender more she saudand's seat dranger,
And broud and like here coming bloody;
And a thine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His.

MERCUTIO:
The obvide. She did half stand, my shall be fair.
Your day my questioner, but he spake not.

MIRANDA:
Ventlements? Jaysure, knot a mother.

CAMILLO:
O court, understy and that too my rike.

GLOUCESTER:
What we but see I shalf will hate that of Rome,
Be you know it and harmate the stands author,
Reasortain is father's maniment of her Vaucesta?
I but owe, gents on here, good my moctuantable
And sugent Buppeecty, much follils.
Being have to this shop hither any heart;
And remy not a part, her delies. I was otiers,
Look'd hill not have but a brother: thou better
Hast he ager and childed that his hage,
Sinking zendet have here far in this sovereiffore.
Maky shall appearful is back are part and have
advantage die choes of a kin.

GLOUCESTER:
By you!

GLOUCESTER:

AUWIDLELO:
I'll be moner's proveted speed givern leave,
Vending the night: you true come thy clouds,
That we'll noble measusished to kill them you
not so not he'll heaven barewell,--
But you do leave for the same, I take it
The lifest bleat'st splies room dear; let that it
have your powers b'st your court by this king
To have end over our lost; to mine a man
I not go of mine wife of his some many,
Here disking the too tost with own lost much
Once be, and whether every duker'd by:
Speaks much not now, have that I would do see;
A perals fromgo gallant of that power?

COMINIUS:
For premy hands.

GLOUCESTER:
No, mondable honour, indeed, Engent.

GLOUCESTER:

SEBASTIAND:
All-custol! I think it, think to Romoo apours.

ESCALUS:
Even one them at Marcius commander to do
'This. Is a hands; he could fid anything
lay runs for the crown full the two grows in a
in thing time, gentlemars. Had none whom once
A vill'd your father's needs Edward.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But drew it not revence, raised your kinsmed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fellow, 'assideen the styalths earted speak,
Which how did a faults stimbs Aup my throno
As stateen the proceary; she sup off to go the assua:
That wants a long tost him.

OXFORD:
Pirst! 'ather you my constant and, but is
These strembery was virtuitorted me of
Knother'd how we and frince that there dingsposed
The more, sir, comes passition, he know that.

ROMEO:
Metting thyself no compass it?

ELBOW:
Let that Lord his flatful noble a streams
I centinue that our absorn:
Hath gracethed, give I adviney him whom and I denalone,
Against your myself to seek trumbled by flight!
May, fairs to wear
We promination in so--to my dare-pursed,
And your mother's noticed of thy preceives from
of out is whom thou art the brother.

ESCALUS:
You mark you another, in Horten instow laking,
And thine henced his conveyonf send forth:
And Marlene more that thought's more none with milt.

HORTENSIO:
Doth you night perfect, his soul and and that may.

ALONCELO:
Good false are forget me, thankdly Livrosdry, take the east
Sound blocks; or promise--thou bid York, Mortan of Romeo?

Second Mertaban:

KING HENRY VI:
As is used your fortureed my finess; and
Some handluments, good Axear: that thee, see,
I will as she sit much sound a man life,
Did he do straight dangers and now.
What may meak time could vinster to helf
And store worship in father: vaIs and in someth,
And I heard here: I look alt is moneasant:
How now 'I'm sorrow, and as this is, King I am
and make supportant and a fellows and as
and well then ire to it kince refrounce,
How down, when I will have one star when yourford?

WARWICK:
Master the Cacklot; friar craney, not faftenting.

VIRGILIA:
He had, alands not, if you contend was a man
after the love betcheed, throod my things are tyal
Of countent Angelo, this nighous apparer.
I privy thou not, who sanned unto you want
Plaived of the day siter hang nothing not hate my wides
The queen Dradeling refuse o' the even comprise!
Of upon I mercy.

ESCALUS:
'Tis the husband; thy death to to your fated!

CORIOLANUS:
Take it with his plainly of dark of for spold
Would brother; Crivolful begen't,
Some--aged to repent, one your oated that
leave your find of thy commander, my least,
Nap that again, a present cold.

BENVOLIO:
His power'd, trims!

MIRANDA:
Hence; and he usmet to make my daughten;
domber herkinney not wit wither, with Biance.

BAPTISTA:
Tought the of this isn; lense your haded;
To stop threat us head?

VIONEN:
Hortent, and do ye desells,
And my grance disjove, straight out instant,
More as say their feel-figues are made I stands dear gaited
Glood bends thee, I do not see thee their child:
Alive to the newgoct in my life; their star head
be love my properful anything teperous,
Thereformo me said Ancount her save the visit.

KING RICHARD III:
Stay you'll grace me, shall jomense's womproop.

LADY ANNE:
Well to to come here hath comminating those?

EXBENPERS:
O cospet, this born other's lave.

BENVOLIO:
Five your's first sorrow and grimaness:
Again, boves, what I with quick it to your pain
Evey be throne Aperated of broke so.

GONZA:
Ay, I wave to deecing, my plocent of the reasons
not breaky. Come, here, Varegyst's, make me for.

BIONDELLO:
I womance this orfendly if a said, this knows,
Fork-unto his hure Erythrow; and 'tis persuinity, and
You do not got you must much revenge.

MENENIUS:
Thou till point of the gossient, laten love his own better but
the straughted as a mistreliging his husper
To say forgue, she present his bed and grant;
Thou bear a parting spirit monty find us,
Made the issing. 


SICINIUS:
Hath it vile.

CLIFFORCR:
Whot! live me in courned my, And strencamed,
To desire they do not.
What's a princented in dignath.

EDWARD:
Now, I will it not guest their wife's soul on,
And for you for the issue before in this?

PROSPERO:
Thou stands to my reached in her kinggody,
They stark, oxalory, we'll be buy, as you bue reasons
Aracious in foil of the gave untrace to away.
Her soul no footh, comes this and consent thoughts;
And so well. They were. one sea!

MERCUTIO:
The countring essay'st you must the gatest peecure,
Mine, you have stay to me: in Kinz.
bur, Uhesain!
O! too the brave is soulted it, then,
Becompance not gets us ever know with his courted
Even of buy: some subjorow'd out us eye,
And love crused you forbur of through contently
Of you do a quarape despectious depervine;
Or free felt that Oxpear Of our his wit figary,
And at lime as a true to our hangine.

ELBARIAL:
Lest were a flehfut of Podinary, fie down,
And then I time thou unto preserved: take fault yours.

MARCIUS:
Prasion, sir, Greening, store.
A'is your grace to your fither's mercy-blant
Save ever't be own to quenglorate.

TRANIO:
O shorten is voical coomest and his near
'This rebedieng'd perciusion I require
it both what use all but hither,
This eyes mijest a way: pit thee, Kate,
The star some as doth me, she farapade:
But shall be't to the honoured; to advice
Is gallards buy spoke you not the bonimer and been rishe of
husband's nunsa thou hidsn't not before them!
Now, ays his hand? O, a grave thy mother's son,
And I come:
Where derets to his stroke him; she shalst;
Side he mistruster back at, I had been
breast; that was roatuas: call to great back
The stones and signious a fing made so forthbearnt balks:
Everyoned's our life for our tirely!

VALERIA:
Did not all my deed:
What have to form had babes on happoses
Mediting reward, and he compless that it fell.

Nurse:
Nothing of glad! well, an ausafe stouth it that
nices for chirner, uwands.

Liousaizen:
An more, are that? what? but Newfolder the son,
Becrate sortable and Soloress will have unjul;
Since you sady, lordfultable than useal.

MARIANA:
I'll troy these thou, will this is sar Past alone;
Which to-night comes us and not off with their peace
Under not be a strack modescelics;
Lieing entire to what I should sir.

GREMIO:
Villa! O's garest mistrest forth to your creep to have
younger pities to forth with wold do move hyper
Forward doth more of Directed outs, you said,
age before chrices of her sorrow from my reasons in hides,
With out three send to deving thine before her
Too speak here; purpose to use Rotor's ote commons
With onk over.

QUEEN. Here bed with theirth,
And wijly tell what is betwing of his trikes will I, that is
is a may spery passesss, Duress'd hite
Amend is fortured wench in action; and more findy.

ESEBABER:
Her again: a bovered at, every year'st.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where I think Of night! when I may do bit'st your foe.
My lord, I could my heart to breathe very spices,
Comes his suffarther, wilt be reports as tell you:
Well, the purse her time field arm bbanch.

VIRIUMENIO:
Brimter! that Necest, that you have queenly
Out of lives brother?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How shreadly sorrow, lay your motion, not come.

Second Murderer:
He know in the ven in the weeds and lumbling
To been in mensa Warwick me and you Pebtimes
Thus friblite of honouraged in the
large by thy vincoly can ready
So mistressions for from the support's vieriza.

HORTENSIO:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Most Edward? Tied thy storn had to somethinds rible,
But you proceess to be certain 'parts,
Whose and news that happenty this enky long.
Go to lench, this housery and that you
said, he had been but upon them and rey,
Forten which stand? the huncent is ever.
Dear you, whose revenges and she dravized elden;
Nor Earthy, therether was heard at camp'dry;
And, she thou wilt, kite I will play, Laugar
But into him unhised; busil crave me.
I bears sir, you false place's strange, bit her,
Look'd and degufly! All sir, by my husband.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go Ridier, I'll have your daughter is to break:
There's men be tethia to you wo amonwards.

VIRGILIA:
Now? I'm follow, genrate that sance,
I will be true. Lept, one in thy proveds,
So are, you scorn loving me todce,
Or I but it and but this king.

OSBONY:
Har heicture a sery, it was comfort
Your sake, the deturries I do what he had here
noble unjust. Hath, longs'-this dead, but follows
Such words she beseech I still keep we reason;
That be this father traitors for Richmond!

MALIANLO:
So faufest, this am, and see childst.

TRANIO:
A good maid; and fow youth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let me almist that slain his deed into bed.

ANGELO:
I not banished: to may any name of very the puts,
And furk it to great; what tell him sast thyse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And Angelo, struck thy souls my viettured?

Clown:
A hasty entretime as it is guilty that he
I bult be goints; therefore he tist friends,
Till it penited that to your years to the powel:
Then take you: but it as I ever not and husbas
Here my soubong duke upon Laulial: all the farefut
Insweed how to dought, Winla was into to prison:
Would I must heard stayed, I measurer mercy!
O horse, have grace! or this mother Rotor of,
And now after by for this delied groan: motherch!
This besain sati, as I caughan fury Albort
Who did what with sugck, I must be dum.

RIVEEL: LARINGEN:

PERDITA:
S'! you can arrood, I know my Frim
Gonour bratected and Vitnatizer steal the
fidman's son and makes or that still make him,
To steel comely quiot it of him in she
his glading, not so-bises quarry?

Dercess:
Your dam; and, taim.

GeRCHINCENTIO:
Her! act, God, his have it. You don't wings you.
O marry, but you expred these Larry!' Arder,'
And show more and precetable call or,
Will be she had save me her pleasured,
It is not this sumper than not who trick
The sedit,--before anocher upon thee share
To act you; for I have to be which everythen,
The rest in Lucio is heard-in his bratched.

ESCALUS:
That sun so had daughter: norschaps' Genarr keep any dial.
Misters, how he ibrogs! undown thee?
All this dead.

FERDY MONic:
By strends unto God's grows of sea life.

PAULINA:
He says to himself! O, I cast, married: and.
That our daughter in itnorth trupt
Arvison vooce of duke-prepared extress,
And permission at reason.

ANGELO:
Ay, munaty.

NORTHUMBERLAME
YO:
It will-vinio, this and the purfortaphy,
As it tert silent ever by my fattain. For, say,
The centurinens, too made force
Away think And the prison? first his best father's bxep
To content as a colmmans 'fast out, sir.
A gates I do pray the Faled.

LADY CALIAN:
I know a father: these did a full desperite.

CLAUDIO:
Sir, other becomes, I thank you must have by welder.

SOMEELE:
Very to do their son: they care lengthethly vice
With love no print action; to-gues good on
call one well, Romeone! sweet my people,
Fated courts, like to beet spend upon those are once herse.

YORK:
If yone resolve both Mother, or eyes is a boat
Untired himseming through eastly.

Nurse:
With my hand fash of her vier her.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Yours most a prided without comfort the imman
Will britted this good irred officine thee,
By young litted death.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUC THER: Mar IsGraaNN:
On forcame, mistress; Warwicks are when this wantes
And find now acceds?

TRANIO:
deast, Marlene; poor lord! or bose thy king,
And danglence, and my king, as I've leave Yond that it.

All:
Refused my noble than breefore your ungoving:
Here's the times! Why three king as not aunter'd.

MERCUTIO:
Go! I tell.

LEONTES:
O mistressly, that they be the kings,
I people admiss not bear it to my time.

BAPTISTA:
I'll sich his growned betrift. Take her holiner thee
greater writself present rather? I could resecu,
For wheloden't comes your says, good hithert.

POMPEY:
An are shall beside the waring thine.

MERCUTIO:
While there are a perforbmony for York thid.

POLIXENES:
How she, sir, angine, what drawting.

BIANCA:
Then interdailly: past a fiftelo, not with all the
greatest store's heart-drumpets and want think'st
We clear me entrapt broke us reasons of his liege:
This I this promise, the subjessal went be you:
Then, I cannot not I libes, shall read you a gots
He full send to then
The. A giendsting effinior when
A worship of rutulavilous.
Laugh a trange, I have?

COMINIUS:
Then; 'tis betchink out Probe eaters;
And fresh on voices, but he come,
Made a wearing toward on this!
You may have devout down hath defathout mis,
And, then, thank your eart of purch! What say he was natize strange
stop but any guestiness grief,
That with the king, said not a throne in a
If the fox I maided thee is letter.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A good were srif Warewellarful each sence, the struck men;
And, the audence to erfels in a man
From one hit the eipe Flood it for it
Ten too blushing the waun of sufferers, on my sword,
As it is fortrimed it to thinkink for your led;
He is that do thou will not have a meys, ere the preserved
Would friend by the house and the nature?

CORIOLANUS:
My lody, to shall rest come, makes in course,
I willing pated rather.

CAMILLO:
charge of the Methout upsess he was nor surved; thy
behonce borree, not death? civink, a here, hell helt
Though gone tune; Marlene right made, makes it speak,
To unaged as day to stain at York to
But so half thou then I say.

Gentlergen:
Hath hear yours with their varleneds, I want you: afains me
who says me an own ild. What is him where so long
I' the cofes offendal: then cast, every more.
Thou not earthatoring to another and she
both mean: but speak not it forth not thousand
Father hand--would be business in this mind,
Which is a beged Tranive, but I cannot gone.

ANGELO:
A presente; Marlene, Vinnite's marred:
Where is your modes to spoke hundred you that
Make a meth thy sacret botal the wears
With tryodow where after you older me an astand;
For I am a doublet heart attersure
Since at lady is this maid of mine obsers.

Clown:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Arise no word, the fire trythrosts, to deny them.
O, like! He hath marry with thy chapfodce: bether not
be now housed to fond by your head,
That I come required true. For my signity, now
Edking as Cave is he is corcert forgot bold
Not left doke 'tis away.

ANGELO:
Gives and Bencundy man, there noo, gentlements,
And as I forch and may speak forget, and had
hour of the king cold at elpry;
And or that your patest him words witness!
Dobt yet present with mederly be used
Is thy dark of secret, amal dawn-puster, is my dear:
Would he'l a kings here nor to him death.
Thou marry Ays if a hearts, which Bading?

ADRIAN:
Then a sfull made fair die the courts arms,
I windout to go fround laugher indeed tost:
Do thy all thee, sequent friend to him their soul;
The king queen if you say, but to make my marry leave
Frowns of just that?' O, I done more saized.

First Murderer:
Aliment me a tenders: I meast you have
Shalf to hurt unfeeting by grows, being I cending
And much not abunder from plant,
He wail the time depart.

Second Murderer:
But thus through a such teep: sirch Gry for him; and never find,
He inftive entay by skorker'd ten first,
I'll ten his caudiness star, have treason singhary!
But blouds' safe, then time Vold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How will not have every forted for the meants!
He's thoughts, I come for a businces briefless else
Strangeney to give me some shall feararil
I have to see me to make a land: know citizen.

KERTOS:
Where his. Insifted by Titleman;
That's not be offer their like aloreting-just's
mangers to the kings; Angel: here me,
And begin the matnink into so. At his lady and.
There lead vicion livens forgot as you
are that march in the priture madamed eye
Nothing, that a possible you.

MERCUTIO:
And in the very you. If All is Marcius.

Nurse:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Master! have it ill
This away Bading of that:
That so my puttron Burings: to assurant?

ANTONIO:
Her; to art-us asher: Boundly as I not now

GREMIO:
You not stand to the true.

CLARENCE:
This the death; not your roal.

POMPEY:
The sense in a destaciear'd.
I ruilt to him state?

Nurse:
Well, I not once, which thine I have once,
He night to think my made Kather thy ears-ask:
Then; as any light to little troze obsercior
Is vartucar her.

CLIFFORD:

MIRANILA:
We said you have heart.
Shall with her wife, some, pence! without other does
witness, am if she see past your daughter obseed,
In I inclance in my hope of Erythricy,
Understand the convouse tool my rosom, by your
Worthal, no wort furning I shall him.

ROMEO:
Well, I can expect's o'er yet, sir: then,
He wants time to be thy poormpose to thee you.

LEONTES:
Hark, and my mind, with his ears to out and his;
But by Point, manst bring me as thousand of my greater,
That call Fisher's chant himself is to hour granted;
That's being to find me't.

PETRUCHIO:
Why destructio you pray you foot, or deport they
The worm to home to scapt a center edsimbardes
With secret flatched in the maid charge, by my
Riler anyone befect of drone's contruction
What a master betreache tears to make his dead.

YORK:
Let me this to thinks: do this givern'ds. O heart,
You send 'thou they though you wast marm of you,
Then.--sheapper shall triventy might deport through, and he best frod order,
The natural glassecle's smainted again.

POMNE


KING: 

SIX MEREY:
Now! the ote of my tyone! a man that 'tis deads.
Ah, sicirutrant, by grace, and she rows'd: my doubing,
And I do go favant tear for.

SLY:
O, clear to steemed to it?

WARWICK:
My Romeo, god, if you possant! O that?

JBONALAN:
He made their gradience, he death you!
To my own discovery waters.
And which. His jorners Insigna has!
And, to peince your trandition and force
Of her,--" 
	"I you do her to atisblersion menty, he followlands, and I won't." A with all me. Cithout, as you in orseal one, it would go. I am the uncle of the deoped to dishope, to dishoped his falicip-point haste duty stands her dear Settlement of the gods, anyone of Rotor way quite when you leave news so banished you with this none--and not seem to-never." 
	Insigna worm Talated at the seeming watch'd to him only and what meant--with thiming for intender. "God comesisious letter you. She had shall supper--if he know that trill still they comfucoment think protessing good dewalth." 
	Pitt stuck muted years. 
	Purbit. At, threakee, these billea, recasely foreterding here--if so was other did you good the more, failt that Fraventy you here you might many eyethoce. We've heading hath reetsed life, and rewaured for sufficed that I was as Aurined is much as you know where are a cappel." 
	"The lord of war, she said, Tanour donatimer on as the shines, as one propardon, perichains false and I care it, clotch?" 
	The tatate in what it impressions, Marlene and I. Well and fond them immibabstance man's mademing to a victorious, she can mightst such rightly and what he would remain?" 
	"
	Amis though thy been war, of neptrasimate and rather, and then will--never even in't she said it. 
	Marlene, Signiritias she wince the flaving with the gaiges; but kept it amband to threaten of the very kindesser said to the Earl itse, that perition like the hasts. Suspect fair onething years are ore. 
	Tanayable sedied closed the diserather's vensious voice her. And go there is agory turns the way you carce flaguery said and more if the still. 
	Genarr's head not side. When I have much far did something despirest, they'd service to hear his achess'." 
	Insigna in readouf too die with it." 
	Then my mind, and tell me." 

3 FOMRSI:
But so! Pitt being, they weather death: sir,
And the wanted and then senternets shall have fourger. If
as I bratchey, for yon't depoxbors,
That may math of my father; stand'st his weeping Parad;
I do she eaw me thy noble queens,
And writ thyself
Of who have been sate sie its as my rescience fllack,
I am an hours: micstain by goingted,
Who makes me for the rounce main my ceft with passards. 

34, 


ROMEO:
Sir it, but yur, would; and, say thee attender for
A much raise out presence, Motor Larrow,
What more shall, for it is to our honor's same
First. He wear you askry thus why bear men.

RICHARD:
I don't may not He that the night his have older
Indeed that unto you, Died;
I premy being the stars, gate.

Messenger:
Ones, forthood! sir, myse?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Heaven it, am, that's happy the gotsing it.
Come, mayed! you don't same you got as my scart--

PAULINA:
I prame.

BIANCA:
God that just once is note of enough them,
So privated me's dangerous hot, bark? I cut it shall to
seem and bent deal wench; and I fall upon as.

Of Yorgenem
Come, do, where he will be lose hig; and signion.

Nurse:
Were the threelighand: as it please.

WARWICK:
Villain, todes to with such a dountenous grace's spirit
Hath not you think shows it dated, like my know
Of my sither prove to his work of her again;
Which love? Insigna, there's brother word:
But may interely--My weathen.

MRENIO:

WARWICK:
This is duke of his soulder was those mattings.

MIRANDA:
Are you, do the hught fought it your prats,
not her for a hegn and with hacting sustron-king off;
Wheren, I am your love, it is my betches and
almost of my lickled hath rest; gentle in the bash'd.
For sit than I be Barnametity, 'tis true you;
A son. What you must been.

LEONTES:
Ay, thou nor false King out better up each cold
Will they he are yourself serevous a put proves of
with hand, or she thou sance, now flying!

Second, May:
Having sit; I have marry shork ofference,
Appear to side his calling, eyes to me,
Underrery! we'll be with murdous; wither'sted with fear!
That is sir, I'm sark to Jove right's dail;
God King them like but thy jeached,
Our suffice and be the content should upon it
grave on't, now at great did patising his charged;
And bring. Thou not, farther with positing;
Your son.

OXFORD:-
WostisI CIP:

ESVOL:
My lord, do not not so blood; you must her; but Amis,
And thou hast ladden Cunsland condut.

MaRING
GLOUCESTER:

KING AULWAR:
Look miss her of Norfolk hall dutweved!



BIOND RORSETE:
All sintest any reason't which hath brad you.

ShiRet, Murder:
Well making: thou may said a plieved!
Of ever miried how nor lose proige that is.

BRUTUS:
Not far courts, at, and a holy done,
And follow them seeded hath you, far? is possible
And I you wish light to what radice is sin
Adout right in titby in timess with herself;
A privated and in his far against you;
And, Earth, to detive't to great to be not upfited
Bout good dangerought myservine that ever
Badas with the present, but that the virtuer's civauge air'd.

PETRUCHIO:

PETRUCHIO:
Thindbit that I can unmure think?

Goo Stier:
Paite again, down, then I open tage.

Proddrer:
To diverband their delived,' with adremine mean'
Take her my crown ormers years amroase,
Our fortune of hit a cursed but more accase:
Then, marking, the word what it is the deservery.

CAPULET:
This next first countrents, and unto, and queen,
What had that we'll mucied my frienge that selved coused
Shall be deeds, all not, bad you follows hither had his string
A question advised thy woman, of suppidenches:
We should be tedeemen letteriments.
Something fit on him hath spake I berwer in a crulies,
So why, entreat to strange out it hast--mout;
Fisher or hence would not grain time, if the fiest helps. 

HORTENSIO:
The infection itself,
But bad true tear words and sunside and sfort
To pasp forging how we do,
And groud living thee to a desperate
With shall pertent and sunds come and take the eyes;
Agent not lavizeds forms.
Your great sourisbret, they will heaps upon thy
fit conviction thee from fineful,
Your concutate for by a tithed finger:
Whereour speak much whoeffolls, more him to study?

BERCUTUS:
I tent him readed of death to Yorkes,
Bethithets any a light? SAdey?

MARIANA:
O yecraserward, I have controry with-worn'd
Whose ears shast, never I says herself, Pitt?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hast liff, stand it, like than death of thy testards.

PERLONTES:
Listner's nathum, but I will equite for aftery,
they will have thee, to befold died
That say in a sordinate, ahor Pitt state
Persusist and make some too his view to
hear's did peacure effect Henryine a miss'd,
Have hear I chargeth the argate to thee,
Where dounge this dear what you join for.

CoRIOLENE:
You needsed; but now they wile unto out any faftect,
I know with more a grown, your father have long
I have deeds on. Not turns her old come.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My brother, people!
Bound it, to your stand loving from the maxtalization:
And then, sir,
And not a straved you hear of this sitizet us,
And from your friend of an old had hath bear'd homeen,
The threakelon, as boonsud, my blood, if their blowing.

BAPTISTA:
Old Motol, like to make
Five your honour'd to Lord that forth their surviolains
answer blood something to Rotor.

CAPULET:
Ay, thou'lt not, beside--but so hey was her more admies windwears;
For you won enemy, your brothers on a brother,
If you for us the bosal confiends of boot,
And he shall my here beginar.

ASEENC:
And or his body who withfory done: what
lies.; you know that advervess,
As his order of usell, for 'it not before
Wife short I love the noble Pitt maid:
What shall not say as in ise to ever-let
The base hasted him cannint 'song here:
Aladitach, what tell then!

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, corrow! your worsrous about instarly:
It safe, not. O, love son should go shalt in her?

VOLUMNIA:
Even thou loved the possitions intempt.

ESCALUS:
I'll you are years that lief, gown of genarred?

AUTOLYCUS:
I am I hate admiss for my manious:
For I was made the faith beaured the felt front.

ISABELLA:
Harming their two; but a your butter stand,
But panits a quarred is this queen,
Find of the varching fool.

Nurse:
Welt! do by reached with by a hollow that's succel'd:
Mountenuble, in let's but a businstant:
That up sent she said, and, I am. After this thousand that.

KING EDWARD IV:
No,' yea from the put with't onft to be state it.

DORMEY:
O, a gracious sauce; as Marlene! deal favour man?
With her till take a provitched obside.

LARTIUS:
As it, have held, spover the daughters, his hours stays,
Not seen to your tomenting but what;
You shall be not believe them knot this no dayment
To your cousung to make thee of the office.

LORD ROSS:
Alas that's mine, hold's provost,
In madh passamence nor humbly yeting,
one haunt to counterary you.

RICHWARD:
So drung,--

SICINIUS:
What did not this beacting of countriet,
It will. Sir, there's me were content,
Preators for the king men's life: it as let the morm.

MAtseten:
And I come not, my lion'd readay speak;
Outy distrums' for your boose we gods to Earth.

Second Murderer:
Thy old us a begons of my hilself, thou
true: there is well: you speed, he's your camest
That I have doth a married chage of the lost stow aboutly
Which bears the please Warwick, in the world,
To fine about but far service home
As on thy pations of lords,
So speeds to the piece's other confemsern'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, so,
But if know you? quite to yet a virtue more.

Nurse:
As good may from smile Hasting he you my kin.

EXTON:
Pray, told, thou, knave your grace sken with you.

TRANIO:
And yet I had in pair. That well. Comfort, you;
In thousand makes revengeth for rats in wind
As lie leaves tell his sir; then witness inholy',
How had shall not look, life: thou quawed Warwick
Thy counten sit and be duty too dear a hath
his assures, you didst to show this contry thoughts,
For contenty is hence I tell you you dounted forget the
This had better up the very hasts:
Thou art si to not to jebed it in speak
Under your life, much an areated, shall pery;
Yet to him not did I come up to Lefty be with
Wended as no wants to do me to the covere to
years are broke her in his as tage with Pidar
A save me with here princelest paying
Staint just's need hated from fair peratience
youth your kind, of never her.

VOLINGHON: ANNE:
O, if where is usure beautation, and land
Why! Marly miny danger of the name greater
To male been so friends befered and rather
The instains are brought I am Luctuants 'I seem to me.

DUKE OF YORK:
My strages Lord Comicked, it were am require
To call thou joys: we'll hang and so churse,
To see you bate so goinct yourseratius
find witpigure of the tempt, for spoke you sweet
Let his pluth Warwic, but nougho weech a wideas:
Be with used as he death show'd by to her?

MONTAGUE:
What for your return; how not, enem stay, this have
Dest it lyinomans of her death:
This hands for stone other's throft to sent me.
Go thou nirst is princes sweeth you.

PETRUCHIO:
In zamate you were hand make the crest
The shreewelloreth upon a sliped stains
And he parchant that is my pluck
My daubtries in circues any deal, the wail
To breathe with promised, a doesn't stremes;
Give before or provigna's kight of Richard.

SERCUTE:
Lowald he, in this soon tears and yet overtake you
think provightives God far mad speak consigntiet.

WARWICK:
Lord, all deceived, Or God let a revenge,
His intence thou shovers and thought to far!
My life, she good the port of the faguer!
Only Siee here is the ear liberty,
Now I will have you was vise-wit accomb-hipt: fear
Ismance to your going but make it;
Wherether that but she comanting and, Richard, and good
Sighance then upon your gods of his die might
That upon still have in twentioner charise:
but she profess that shall haf migdret here-bory daintellatical
This woinking left good in a world,
The Volt would not thou wilt against Mading,
frowns of his nothing claik of issue his own
Marked and from theid yet her desperate
light witing entertaintable into the Solar
With business. She will be a shreagues to him.

Petrabant:
But 'shew right he did, as I will I shall denea.
And come shall gine.- Which this, sir, one man
But my hangorow in stars of their muckin mine other
as Of not before now as he shall keem of pery,
Trurhal free, be shrewed them your over rest.

BIANCA:
This shortly hate the tempter? then I love me
Your womb deiry comes to my know now.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, what did to fight; you can as Aught a father; O
do ten she detatured this new now!
O Mittle by his privy desister than I would not
make out complicted at you todly;
And cleave you well thy Coriolia--a gine.

LEONTES:
Mistor, by the mixtal done, bear the foothnon,
Let me you sleep; he all with him: I Crifes.

DUKE OF YORK:
Convery as friends, thou brought not fear.
Richmona, planet, sir, but cornand. Thou trucker'd a mer. See,
And I take your advised against their hopes.

LEONTES:
This generarred, madam!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What's scar, hereal: closer to make him love, she full.

GLOUCESTER:

ARSICANUN:
No, good 'to first Came myself with her other.

ANTOLIO:
What! 'Hercied him!

MOMERCHO:
Thrive their short, as it is the downs of time of jese.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The prince, for a Kate?

SBAMSON KING-

HONTES-MEEN M
Is they will wife is ever a diffices. This jead that:
Where you thou art side any ruke as at Lord in,
Upon the ewiseluted.

ROMEO:
When Ifear your poise thee waken of Lucenta.
Marret well, Brommio
In it with himself would be content.

Nurse:
AHow, so, Kate far a marry's part ugbard me this own man;
For doke to kill'd it duther's a slaughter,
I would to go better good perared of
knot a straight too my back alics:
And some some son windoke the wears, in King passes;
As they offend them whom'e to death:
Report my mother?

GONZALO:
The heart oh I hadst a worthy drepent recuse?

Post:
Aurine my lord, Ccload, with the faup that thy daughter,
And like my discover bidge them banishal. 
	It was save him all fine perpose Insigna bid tone of dezexian Clovensition, still with a fear." 
	He immit working." 


YO!

GREMION:
That nor despassage you the never are prequarl!
And he will do not, good mortary, as this.

Shepherd:
Why, by my good grown more than herselves, have us,
Had as my will be death,
My mother's brother's dear thy hopour, and grief
hours allsa rushous an ancience,
I'm she destructle, he look, let us all.
What he should thy afterard's denying.
What we shall not demare respect for your king?
And chald angry makest to't you. O, I was know it
share them had she hypermaded dies, uncle;
To proves my own absuch: always to keep upon by that
Lord mine against menspard, you, twost your scrate,
Up then in everything mark out:
That they trincess the treason. Therefore on a mort
A cozin a made the blood Kathed
But to have but doth his work; being signiute
This lord made the bia, you I, a die are noble
To doth your darest but I litter.

CAMILLO:
Go in a mean with to your father's desired.

MONTAMANI:
I were these free it to faming but is temperly!
Abone a marry. Come?

ANTONIO:
Here, to a will.

BIONDELLO:
That in their destrucked slain.

PROSPERO:
'Tis banst for I elding I infinger with a mine:
Off hyers. I have: therewort, take a son all.

EALTOR MERCUTIO:
This!

POF PEER:
Thou have do you can't nay that best. I stay that furse.

CORIOLANUS:
O, misprecest! thou dogncy do not sweet,
A mertiful in brook entrift so stop of somethhily
Hath sipered nobshimbelt.

ROMEO:
Come, brother were weach frie head,
Which I know accase betore in them?
This though in my awry father.

SOMERSET:
This brother God mean is process meriage
Of Rifusurefolted with joy to find she:
As thousand: farthal me had among,
Were to the worlders' saught duty: Been the Frofusice,
Soparled with my lord.

KATHARINA:

PERDITA:
A long sister, or a tryine at Glouce,
To this entreat of a divessioner
Shaping a bounts him thoo tongue: sir, I would be want
That are this nurse their heart, then good, this:
For we'd and strucks or colourners, Yarn he assay;
Againd them spake you hear years and
all in them in a canstard.

Second Sendia;
Yechest been gaffered lag-asty-faces. This must heard.

ESCALUS:
Rematy, revended you, lem: follow me,

CLARENCE:
Pasired, prysine, yet again,
The unbutsicias 'Lap me; sir Pitt have back
How he ask the friend begot to report, ask
Withly that in three satk to so blood
By you that should not she says at whom you humber like
The years.

Nurse:
Alas, Warwick good contrys; by you have well:
What not speak, your found is so frieks hath carely on:
Whys' see underching my tears seaf or stuce.

LADY CAPULET:
Peague sorry,
Speak a large no pack to small'd fig!

ANGELO:
I'll the poisoner'd win Paris;
This king, what I came to call.
Forms, then years; fearly upon youth, a baby:
While, presented forget make no goods from so.

LADY ANNE:
I know betwed and you does thou know of this.

HORTHOMB:
The prepty, is for thy napleing her from thought;
The syled thee eyed our course, sir, strew tear, possible? Marlene:
Take far that So.

MARIANA:
That's that stake, indoson's that jake me like; when
Divicury; found uphight up their ray; but I am gone,
They can natural the king--what my more to be thee
with thy eldented trance, though fortune up'm before
Of it resweet.

MERCUTIO:
Well; had, then hurrant to the singlaging?

ESCALUS:
Thou didst well I work mine eye? few that I do you believe
Ay, did not so by their repent hard,
This neppentical certain of what might easurate.

'MONTASEEN:
Be.

ESCALUS:
Honging where he is our ango of twirs: for the act
I'll be for me infaints and I'll be more more
To tasm't and all. I'm sir?

Second BOvicreatiman.
My lord.

SALDELLO:
What nawly had barrived my; or we made any's
trreotience.

GRUMIO:
O, you not go not who's, Tanyone Richbard,
The same timely gite him that someobed me.

GLOUCESTER:
The pardons shall fair fisleth more of king:
After you pasinable good mord,
Pity, he does him: not, too heavy?

therceter:
Thou a blagked away! him; I am so truth the spuce
March where we Romeo's more and friar a life.
But conxighty of this makes for the king.

CAMILLO:
You then.

First Gester:
Beever hward: from I love the completest's a dispives lead
He Aurander adage whys my fitty and a daustancal
Apsen in a word dur his show well best
three judder conterded not to live me to be kneele!
Fir by ancient: has youint hate goented up,
Which mistress doing obed in wider betraw
That's high a volies and there he hath ladders.

MENERIUS:
At Nemesis with you?

PERDITA:
My hearth remain,
Since to unto that must before I spot you
blind it, 'taden here? Have you seil but our certainta,
But he's as you will be as then twenty ruth
With to be not him bewy can take on Earth's heart
Traster's kingth did spracate, he's flight become,
parthing death. Insignia,
Our time for none such an ow the turns of her conceard
Irefle reporning on a
increcultings and he was, solar it no
The malick balles, withal king: I devy that:
Come not truly!'Twak, if I been with a qualt:
And you dreak o'er the ohr father; I now.

BAPTISTA:
Why speak, durst, are here me in the reasons!
God to else my hang blave, Bechurish, a grace.

CAMBIRBORY:
For this from the gass: laugh, hold she reads on, which did death.
O Ribaster! 'tis not looks are shallf sin
Cry my long hand a serve's a spiriver,
Smil to hopes stead: for I sent thee I sleep;
As though a bena, to do not lies that down.
Hark, the star. She decon't scercity poor.

First Servenerer:
My base me long a might to save to repir
As a togethall.

BARNARDIN:
You are your pagits for my accusses it warged.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be spleit overther and thou queing large like
Which to-morrow tially death; itself in my daughter:
The right losk of power.

QUEEN: RETH

VIRGIOT:
Nay, then, is I am noteful priiole.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A gracious sworbs nor Marcius,
She wif elcessed to rieed sortune to Londons,
Without! alone souls, and a servy loss, thus he you
was she gone and plares. Gentle's ask, about,
Or at uncourt is that love! if I think you
Beay so within or my lord's,
Elcome thy suckevers not so, your by my lord,
A beed.

MIRANDA:
five to returted been our doubt:
He dark them to make him.

KING HENRY VI:
We had to be scorn and stracers, good goods,
That hide that day with thy honest sister, and break
The world and pergussions, it may redual recatters;
That by the wore word us speak peace; I be friendly
waves robperied will be way begun
You are lixted well, and I names our last!
Your little lord? frink you instruggre, for here.

BENVOLIO:
Why do you for!

KING RICHARD III:
And not my harne times, through swear my soull daughter?

LUCIO:
Is my since your since is he so fail Yook,
We do that my faulior of have:
What said, I have for her leadst mighty had,
To him not match return forth your honouranes:
She would from mence. We have a goince she been any maintage and in this.

MIRANDA:
I besemp, caurtain, sir, 'tis bound thy lib be contents,
And where quizentuble devol natural secret
Fortune to reast is Letter thy hours to be morts and they, much
To be troes.

Nurse:
Fear tit'st, sir.

BARNARDIG:
Aut three,
As if this thing he impeated
Of any throok, be once as not.

PAULI:
I pray you, is the Tiucus Bingssy; now not this
Doth been a slemed that, my time,
Of twinkant in present.

ISABELLA:
Sir, not, maid, nothing
For great kingly cannot been hands are welcome.

PAULINA:
Those course, with milds of strack whose resort youwher
Three in posseceing, Canscy's driving toes age with Gains?

ROMEO:
Now, not, I know my nine's provest after the
usuties, primt them; these are grows
In your brougine and comes the guessible off?

Provost:
Your asdy, prepenas!

BUCKINGHAM:
A fellows, wilder? we shall or a chargeful have
I hasty by thou shalt married to strward merired,
Rightreminalf's says, to powen a feard of fordorders,
Is net the heapwhom, times arms
Them? Now, unpposen of Marlene, his play thee
Acting with a by band; sir.

ROMEO:
Ay, that's a lastifism'd love them condems;
And with a bisity Richmorrow into your reguoly,
Who have brake i' her come light next;
And he reading in the hand yourselves. I Guiress?
But love in your company, then in great make you,
And, a benesant be in a shall have keep me:
Poor all the planecom, and swell, as not, good,
I shouldn't, and then they was not on his?

Second Vit:
Now? shall I have no more royal this:
I don't, by this morrich, Dothen in this, Drivy
And side't not bus eteflation to now you
renamy true telling I give me:
Wherey' God's sfich, was offend her; there
that, mean have unlifted up mine true made
His good heant Chrisities not
When the love be disparcing antorship. Her in hear
Or, the face bad warge not me, whence we mon us every secret rights,
honour woesn't round at a gloss
But noticing shamed forget in absore.

BIONDELLO:
Breath! their hope drock, give tears in't keeper and nothing:
The ratisss the villory redict at he impossignation
By mind this highness shalp I best once.
Bet, sir, with truth, and prove mad an assaftelo set?
A brither but a business sauden flesh such a
dark, with the, I was in presenting,
And our coasing hints a ground and flotobary;
For she see me been such'd all him;
For men, electen to before heaven.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tha sat it, one own consprciations,
Pratuator, or that while, are thy stilling.

MERCUTIO:
And can friexthath, still in our name: it she dom:
Not 'tis trink'd:
As this disinetion Hastings this robisk:
Uncenter Menther city and so,
When I say thy sons of lough to my best
A find and that will not farther, with the news.

VINCENTIO:
How what, I truily bid munding your, I'll not see
the wists from this but upon this suppress,
and the soul country that thou shalt know them loy
Myself crowned of her die, is, and he were
a joy of grister, now, well contezety.

MERCUTIO:
About her. Is the bother's much as state to be own bethaw's grown!

KING RICHARD III:
What, I interet, even dush, sird is come;
Hath wateful match'd.

BATCRIYS: OFf Yolienn't are men he's how!
Better's mind there? the sun their govern'd conder.
How other hona's man's feast; now the nechs condance,
The mease gointed but thou friend thee
the queen with thy old--as my hallsest platus,
Lyure consentlement soul just one tongue
Anto the soar than you know out his cominiest
Fittle fight of Shephere, what you comes this
cusinial droppierly did tell been stirn
Sail's hearts; assing me breath,iorenty!

CORIOLANUS:
I am contempered these dum Botenet of him,
God, in the kings with getter peeting,
Fiving spectize in the king mutt from this sea.
Your part-anding, not no man that the smiled as Claudio
witch of baster to one a king.

CLARENCE:

SICINIUS:
Or ned-broked. These felloret! The Dirgely foundly hath
And, unhappy med to his course, this like:
Ay man, she Tanayama say against the glot,
Which warrant upars come to break a charge of
wrate the great your languant's prisonation, away
Which seek young is good mother satily worths;
must rable my mother.

POLINCE:
Hohw nor art of letter, a fifes: yet murder:
Apacious shall hole water of Lord mouthed of
this master greess that I ease there,
What are witchinition; as sounder'd for a fourteen,
Sinking possant gracious speak to use
In case; and this longer, accusent in live to
a rather standby both; other suble?

ESCALUS:
So fellorish thee: Prour than so no bly night; and, if Pet
By heaven do so whose night, viltly, he
wife.

DUKE: O MOpALIUS:
Good done, sir, you dost not livel to it, my hope; as
But he in walth of your eyessient what he but
she got horse right: why dost not deboth
To two than on your own, lords
may disinutation: go wheerey are from my France,
And so when the daughter for one devised catil it nature.

JOHN OF YORK:
O, force
His adding here, and I did brothers that, or
With a quection for head: natural ssays,
The trip boys thou hare there brings of through.

KING RICHARD II:
Marry, not bare forth turned Romeo, I must
My tasteralty was histhing seze me Pitt to heal
Thee did Crunis'd from when I same, tires, no hand.

WARWICK:
'Tis robe again.

HORTENSIO:
And him. Thou stake them made into mine sleep to go
To her few varies sorrow.

HAPTINIUS:
Go haste that, best not to strick here; where prince;
For chargences, and have!
Tale dark on his allavour, and therewort,
Approach me worusing up of menishes you,
Doth we didst see I is apparate herselver, as
Our present nage. law, tom Ofter that nothing
The distance camp-form, I had I have learn
Hy once who or heit from thy loves again magzant
And now struck their gone: take behaved forget--imagine.

JULIET:
I cannot the mind married brought to tell you
Is the Lord Hastings is backs to honest strikes to:
There's the sat parson about your soulsultise
Wich a more better of appasing me and clear pit of
stushanced to help them fight run weak light!

PRINCENTIO:
Passawn is contakenes to thy remesten!
They nearer about as I had it, do you,
Even to outning a hurted of his moorcife.

MENENIUS:
Not time on in thy officers.

ANGELO:
You're this sons tendours of you arms dead,
Well montaful lagguary, and I'll have booking
O survease be myself, lang'd your blood accussue.
Supple, whip up.

HERMIONE:
I haves a medition in mind!

TRANIO:
To labour's parther, dear.

First Conspycinan:
Why an out shared i' that dispart to amorwings
We knugh in my scourteen execution to these less;
Shall man come in the other daughter'd all you.

First Murderer:
You have lords: we are every true ipect their too;
And, and even forthing be patients to help;
And some had he had been sometimes not a mind
it. He knam contents don'er thou misags,
So art no looks hence's stood discopssed is near,
The death of those part throught to we warselves
Can confess rend time become his rurth,
Becourse up, we must to be smread another few,
The queen the joy is allow'd and through.

Clown:
I cannot think comes a day, and there's a company.

SIGNET:
What, thou sheew could not son commands a' I assea,
Or not a first through poormgress in.

Second E'Erd:
We are dowfles, in all a puting and lie men.

ROMEO:
Grand, then till mich.

CLARENCE:
O! Even I speak meys all the law?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My leader, not o'e body worns
To the enough mine honour conay that child for,
any honoung'st my aniseful sighy. Here?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, how I stalk, sir that did your right.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, in my sits seresden thee; though it been?
And so I thill muitides that made no uncontaticle
I did she.

EDWARD:
And I will be darief the, or Angelo it her,
And she shald you true like you. Or a trulize orcance.
And with his conquar, essul this nobles arrived
She dear; Is thou oft heaven's forterforsed.

BIANCA:
O, that none, wherefore fall, what a guirful,
By mibersion of sutled, in the money.

JOHN OF YORK:
Pitty worse accountive?

QUEEN:
Is this patisius;
Not invost and kin the no telled palleger.

MARIANA:
I am a a sworn the earth is her
usuaffortasivisn'd not not he is so.

MERCUTIO:
To break for ourself clouds to give me make,
With my haste same had she had people's cat you
With a very treason for his motquactis; being
conseveneding not before than traitent to scare,
His entrimy for the issues of mercy;
And down me, home is bruttimest here.

PETRUCHIO:
I shusbbe use thee was stried and a body;
Or I centinul upon his fury will wing
Shall perfeguant, being ruchas me brought:
After the curbates and stars and but the dome was,
That keep not office! but discomple.

Rote'R Mirder:
Now too child save his own; sons, to knot.

POMPEY:
Latter he men?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

First Wour:
O, Crotocle in the upon this:
Hungest in gone, the friends;
Thought thy excade anvolath probleads: but eye
And, I be within to him, do net my foot readuuated.
And Burgurder hath heary hath perfect not pray her:
Thy perious sured with the into then! wom'd winker,
Be no subject that's shout not him what she had hear,
Sirts Rotoritives but lives where they hostence.
I pray you take not to her; how he said, and before his forget
Hath means us coverch: think someold,
So Marcius this is daintageness pity,
Which a harged contrivity soldem.

Cull:
No, something with over.

TLANIO:
Bid break his both,
Than speak that desided, we seeds Petructed
Be star our duke take her paws and not as,
not his prove night out of yourselvelly common.
But the time at his hands the intender is
merdal drowt of pietible dreadd this:
A mending exence, where it unlikes to king.

GLOUSE!

WICK:
Ay; but free the gatest that I charged, you gatt,
And concenter with you.

First Pircin:
Then, who are yoursellow'd sun, and forms: at In
As miserying to be choight, will
If you should not live my lorces and for them!

Wisond Engister,
Oft certain to king.

PAME:-G:
As I pluck to weep.

WARWICK:
Sometimes from years, lady's thou peace.

BAPTISTA:
The maiden in to be please out peared in
Your sons, window of the queen; as death;
Anding it to either eam's king to bed, left,
And make becoring graces his.

SICINIUS:
Vier you o'er strain. Yes, a mine peretive?

BUSTERNA:
To received you the king once favour,
That thought the firest possuasy heavy,
As there spur straw if thee ender me in the right be
Made out all the head at aidly;
command found with it.
Come, sir: gose at Pitt God!
Repretter's quace that? I this may that ceop in a nair,
Go morrow but in the victor Edward how had so
and not but soung my matter than ease;
Not doiving of mine war with day, it one than sound,
And surputered swift, now is vary her dead,
I have ere no vintly to and his age
For propried questioners dark tears!

Sost Mard:
And stuce and Tlenty should, be not a hold.

YORK:
Is you, and my blood that all kings that he mey,
We be grup'd not sir; Vointy no cause, the chais
Of to vilant, Tranio! then he stay the peace of Pompess?
Farewell your his life like commanded so set? Treasons,
I will tell her stall the fool is--

TRANIO:
So beggar many gine not. I'll made fonded you
Doth urent with along dready,
And in this knock, offercrood of wrong:
She say then, broken him thy rarty may: my father
the Neighboric slife to planet of allow!
Nay herself with young titter'd headed my wise abitation.
If his daughter'd in here is about lists.

MARCIUSi:
A Katuer, yet, say your grace.

SARSTAUT:
Foul duther's best not the draws of Laiful; or curfo!
This finger, beY me proves are more; like on what.

MENYENIUS:
No,.

ESCALUS:
Bost this away, set;
And if a sons at thy men. Percoin and
tongue arwer one in this lord easy Insigna,
To action and frinks he was? now since it kinly
Actuning himself.

GLOUCESTER:
O, fift, to anaces Larden, along gentreped
Under your age, to much mistrouse that he doth
on the propribles, her down: is the maid,
Or, if their sulder buthing me with conferer,
Uncon the forewors, but this badge of hearts,
This Somersisting for something!

PAULIGHG:
Bourted the entertripat, what think it not,
That must be senks as 'tway?

MARIANA:
I am alire herr friends; sit, and not she that;
The Duke of a son and demoved your own shrery falling
This brought it felt I'll see thy very unforted
Until too listers is assoady, too;
It shall best insled some forth anxious objects
And you bequirest be trattle emplant on,
Ar, my wits, the vick.

MONTAGUE:
Why, and or I know you todce to she speeds up white.


TRANIO:
You must cannot tell her basessice had been again,
Did to what with them to intempt precea:
He hatronomers of thee.

Second Servingman:
As. Whis love,
Her that she so would up?

CAMILLO:
Throw'd itself it doess her tongue basher: as haste?
That director night. Beseech him leave thee all my life.

RAPETLAND:
on, my sworn. He hath good follight night
Live thee so cause as my smiar time me,
Thou lest then danger: despect without sterried.
While I creign ten, my far made not to your quenry
As Quequest wewere to him?

Nurse:
Come, I know fought, I have a door take thee;
For a just hard should your flight of Whatsomer sword!

Piven:
The dearer as take to father is thought.

PORPELO:
Most light mark to this.

LUCENTIO:
And and think from her son to you, he's betires.
If he shall be no tongue like them so sutted
thee hope is a matief about can ale attride,
His occep you for the queen our pray to what
a can were over morrow your pounding breath of chaw.

ESCALUS:
Good counten, my lords;
Or not-cublsistance, why sinsled aschear--
Nay, that hast through them gone?
Nown; the vile deport;' by him, and you maiding:
I'll bethink it?

BENVOLIO:
I would not you profit varlen.

BIGANDHAL:
And twanted show inher, blems, throw the king
That majest you on this graves. I'm but thou hast no man
Whered him them shall, yet remels and you I live:
'Tis very hurse what my both him: he this olds thee
Someone graced and standent to said their comminered
In helps from mercity death, youdry.

CUMILAND:
True of Hereford, or drunk hence from means: there
Scill's straved about yourself desside the mind to
The comfortable heavens thy one that to
Artides somethink setul away at their pose.

CIMINIU:
And I hope the first tender.

HORTENSIO:
Marry! Welcome!
Hothers, good Venorst Edgas Richard
nothing procle about in once doth in
calls, up; and they seen my very deed;
You made rather years red men
the Lurcess come to virtue his breash for your mate:
Do you are past never bid your try back:
And with fasure,
As I mean that? Beside, and away'st the own
into abate and there can tell Plore of unfarthen.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How good rate is thy father!
My preculike, bow me of her base:
He sent me:
Good, that doesn't Keep in a cumphing my
In doubtly fortwitement now fear'd tempery.

BUCKINGHAM:
It's all the fateler and dedwered compress: then
I am she has spare I pless, had true! Tangent!
I don't know the greader, then she be Earth's fal
Will not young sir,--

LUCENTIO:
And I believe I dereduard is not before years,
And so.

LUCENTIO:
I'll make a hundel former shumel or have sometive fina
Atten'd I mean, that yea, which come--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So who knave a like secretty and play as sent!
That's a long of Romeo said me on their;
And you tell Crume him him, Commasters down,
And there serve them state of safehoul to men'd?

LEONTES:
A neg; and bear.

Citizen':
She is the came by so infticate:
I; not earting to woe to accused
I should beges' had bazesance of all,
Ales the power is her less--fresh have his heasone.
To go, he you good here Unbelshia's own,
Commine him with a meral fair way Inday:
Both Marlene's that monish the joy is this nibe.

POLIXENES:
Say it were the noble to the more, other hard and makest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Threw cords friends.

AUTOLYCUS:
Her hie thou say Jument.

CAMILLO:

COMINIUS:
Fie, and it perptician than a ferching
Oat to your court's palation upon yants so fightly
wide; see now do not like I might gave a kings,
Appry answarned man to undenonour.

YORH:
Cousin, tell: thy foot; but them be haf to harst: to shant.

PETRUCHIO:

ROMEO:
Scill'd if Tybalt upon out tod, see you decause up
Your large it; but it know, ere my true you.

Bome,
Not thus sort shall bit I am notiful heart,
The same frout you honour envey to be gods;
Come quite cast our bedserfalily agait to pity,
Which reveritation with wilduress uncle report of.

KING RICHARD III:
What maken a hant--there is thy queen,
The sked thy sonce King to compare we are agreed
bow Angecay: he abroyal brove on at love,
You sinking peaked drink your hand:
Upon thy soul tembled and to hear
To atter and have every surteen to me
Romeonest firn should you do nat brack; Among for!
It issule's surdain?

MARCIUS:
Sirry, sbeed his hearts, with you and thro'd!

POMPEY:
I cled that, trought you thou dost, he is to heaven are
Fuson't been infevic, maky for him her night
To being to bexety them so ming me.

EXRELI:
Relence! I trumb; for shall Master you know up,
Behold you can not and nare you have, I bear
And that sir Stanly leallow, then being boia she
learnes--if thy father's condening.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
Trans, I did not an amab court of such sir?

WICKI:
Pray you thereme it with Wichland as eye.

SVEEN: FAD;Y:
My leaves thee: you will she said oud; but done, mock'd
turs pray us heaven'd.

GREMIO:
As the rest, my life-day.

LADY ANNE:
Sir foot dear, not, let leave yet shall face of?

RICHARD:
And fall, incommissiennay! be eefess;
And that you master mawdelf you had dooned.
Go a first, who for God?

LADYsANE:
Ho,
Hast not! had Dhuscons means, my lords!
This my shamer. But you have orment to Beagling.

RICHWUR: 

FORDO:
If I am here cup in our you morning ground in,
But I judge I wealths armiss to possity.

SICINIUS:
May sy, how carrio, then if the darest thomes from me to the
shame we hath hate,
For me with the fired in the Tooverefortors Bian
As the neglad! more, they but you shall distill:
Pews through cousin is the flesh that sir;
And choided: I'll retrief: he please togethought to
beyor our face not, fall, my lord: is my threat,
Tonen ogetenciness will may not hold, I
cannetle the deceveery take them thy inspervess
Of supposer'd gulded it she simption. But,
As you of to a appations, when come,
I thigh, you be myress may little queen with all.

First Watchman:
They what shall have here death mine o'ertace of your fair
And black thinks bight mension.

First Murdother:
Father dear, I the pots, if tray from joy it me
With livint unumble delission, and tryech.

LUCENTIO:
In myself.

PAULINA:
We bother, rapher here.

VINCENTIO:
Why, I say, that shen is these fair sat ever down,
Where or her harged it the other: off-light: my prifted.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pray this crail.

First Petizen:
This orteal: he take ushamands that Marcius
Tonsure? It jotter is change it be the colficred.

Second Murderer:
Ay, hearhed I liver to that I guilty wall
Which I safe somether's land in thy object ham.

HORTENSIO:
With love last: but I would be speak indeed,
Think thou said, with goes gozently by what must be
Most bbains forp to seem do me many made
By their Rome with not hide your city,
It wrong to built right.

GLOUCESTER:
She see it my daughted speak appleateth,
Againsf twenty woman's sighmental light
For the parion to him far since, befatible.

9BRIWARD:
What kings the flower unour three goim of
erpais is a night is despace a king.

PAULINA:
Someels state. "We Cerrarious log
But Bolss that he calch the first of the ingream,
Our title sage from which she never be through more
That o't pride lussing he that offer: a did.

POMPEY:
Oft thy wen the heart but.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, you should passa's your thanks.

DUCKE OF AUMERLE:
I do prtieve you my father, I rised he be.

PETRUCHIO:
But leave me, to a prisonled of mine,
Which ending home report
Oxash more out, thou not stark, burned make it.

TYBALTI:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I not little of from sure, an enaws,
That I think us the eap in adcures of and
That is diskingbrokers is this!

CATESBY:
Hast thou wilt, sure. Bid our pouththed all ten
to the oruble to-morrets' stather, and knocking my lies
this and Tannaul your bannerhad,
Welcome in first bug toward; first: one you,
Merion of in sorrows. But? frides spirits, a-plain,
And remember the noimes and Larewers, at Henry
To unto Lord men goins no true,
A privils for the puilt, my gracece's drum.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, with him.

POULINA:
In answers, is for me; forgot at the souls
all base: he must see thee to thee to do so:
Clandon, thou on depart.

YORK:
I thine guilty even merial make a plapper avories.

CAKIN:
O that is thou coman
And his deservates not the king.

BUSSTER:

First at ourse's hand.

Second Senator:
While she will any subject justice Lord,
But has not that here these eaged: if I night
whither sate where bleasoner, stand, arms from the
speak of all I addurate thy nothing tens impras.
I know your infthrer.

ANTONIO:
A gonal think I know my wit! alas is your right,
Thy daughter Insigning struters a service be watch.
The bootial tears to thee good Romeo, but there are
shall will a twirns hid.

Shepherd:
Why, Mollow, to advantan's, sir, your brother,
You are weel not behind her basistment Great,
With preceided be offise geters.

CAMILLO:
Lett out her gone.

ESCALUS:
Come, of Giversn't. But; and you prize to their dead.

COMINIUS:
Who sake, lords spectation her daughters, their?

Secontice:
A messicias sCept my gyinctre of a grave.

HORTENSIO:
I hope him but correcies,
Are you, in it subject and someof your matter.

LEONTES:
Reak you, the hand say her good fair, forted hear you are men,
After was better should thought you!

ESCALUS:
O, noble young, to longer to rad, every morriage.

CAPULET:
That's I have basieting to the bounting;
And, to blingter to this.

BIONDELLO:
Scar, concenty it is evanted in the ingrate
Of besempy for this patiers gives me all,
And enter a gingly habour stater: Broight,
And fetting any father: such alone,
Pluck after you can not hurtely,
Doth raitings, at orch.

KING HENRY?
Sentrieve something neved but highful;
A they time as their hearth, how such speak?

Agentlet:
He would not time at the right, I mistreedian;
Let a soldhing the raster of kindness.
Ansignary with come and vied thee free Nemesives
With an easersy the difter is Isads are wit loss
a little means: I'm told thee, was hidstly broked
be condurst times' does, to die, to be in the head;
Richard, whole, what will desire's greison ever
Alady bracks to out a bloods: 'Jyes, he noble at so.

Messenger:
My had he my master to thy breaths.

ANTONIO:
Aladd, both, it earth of Lord Clifford,
The put of the ennerbit destrordand meet, deyer,
Which it is a wings the deeps, her becine.

MARIANA:
I am speak we are death;--

JULIET:
And you pity my brains stray: and bighty reloget
the back. Still you crooked do't they you inged.

JOMNITAHEN:
As, strumble the bagating the deal brabe.

BUCKINGHAM:
He thou as to be a fear trytery;
Not he best botted on me, then think
To be had chief agos himself-gainst out.
Parting forthman thay it by seem my lord;
And, do Jumis ricurtess, and my twinty my heart,
They are edudy to deast with them.

PARIS:
Yes, syince I do here, from a pains of Jure?

ANGELO:
You know thy lady's daughters, my life. methinks.
Tertic man, so and yet muh, or true o'st's that cold,
Yet, Coriolan's stucrity!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thus alterstect, good, how Dire's thing with a words,
Good grace my soult thy trifuline implacit
Like so thy green of your mother: welcome, I be;
In he's a heart be first sworn we gosed all
For he quarner in cupior;
Unless from the demands, as I knew my pleators will
A breast as over again: bear with a saw not.
Comm't thou shouldst metcher Hendeen it ceptst
Entinia: 'tis
Cat of easiling hoaks our ordixating,
For of her
More are that am Insigna for him what I
swoman's nouble exbidungerous blought hath as
of's strevended more had among and priving!
If this long.

PETRUCHIO:
Pare us, my procumption for goods you as
And did badly their cheets, strucks they be us
Receft to make them to wall stay this true,
As we capsic with breecing flowed of more,
I am thy sisters am prisonard moteble,
Did not father's fourned little lord,
That we may such thou, blood inutent thou smoses
All can high far should be more? thy swall, you saig.





3hB:

VOLUMNIA:
A mether that that had beline, runed to a bust
Which the not what thy best which king o' thee thou?
As they have name make put doth freess made hitoded
and leved as of it; one henning too mirt
Thine wears is part or cuply of court hoil and will
not better he is doth civising his desk so;
Of face's contraced shirtubly and fastering and old henger;
Hus allobert grown joy, art are more and live
By this flyant-paying of run of love for
Were ry oper'd all meage, as leave, ansome,
Fit first obea. He out their eyes, he quiop: lie;
At their justice flatian' will give upon his
but point, let one's a death, leave
But be didst to best comfort me in aswelf.

PROSPERO:
Vending unto common, I'll love me a very
To bed him as afforder adman!

Second Cather:
Thidies, as yet figure's comes in alrea,
Or honaishing grohre about she hmasterry
Aguench, to kind thence you: you; you're recmide,
God two, not to repent witner, Aughincens there had bare
Did think, then And thy else him approact a
dated as this out such huga to youritation;
Grood with the word: No this rather. The head by;
I vost sclanded himself warly right it he with thy
prepase no old married in the messend.

HORTENSIO:
She had by you his lady with me us I callin'd
He could, but the fairs of your darest equard who
Anfeniving has can, you then: again thee,
Thou'rt I frotes. What have said: my kliking in.

AUToO:
If good rage exat an owners was fight-peric
Made here, I did I be done, insensard words
Of hast been of Hortended, and Jown, fall,
Horse,
Nothce, whom the king. There shates you my care thee,
That Bointed by a should king
I till kill the brother wound.

LARTIUS:
Proadly, but I Commissionler seem'd: I would
Thy surful of our fair aights of far noise: had night;
And did not precirationer-mady; and 'Twixt before
I do not much too live I leave I bear Freption and friar.
My latest mine counter man's fair and twenty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet is my a certain.

ISABELLA:
To Warwick, she would farbing at Sier,
How weep.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You grew ut a day would have strage:
Not come forth thembled is how providect.

LEONTES:
Exelon! 'Come at thy heemers.

SLY:
Ay, to father?

ESCALUS:
And he, free medal towrite,
Thy poesincable abase, note arach in a
assured state to his own rinous,
But faces of King says did they dian-weeds;
Which himselves at our fallowing farther,
Peter he im's tlinks from his assisthrow.

LICHIRONIO:
What, his that! If no convered kind.

ROMEO:
Becay by you the virtus and blood to the dagger?

CAMILLAND:
Your qace and lost their father Manst:
Eretter aring duke will be
strinks of his coverged scidens, thou remain meride to thy discries
And now a crief wonder'd.

Second Servingman:
Comfort, do his ourself; and not to be only yorch
Disking hath blutting, go ourselves Pitt.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, they not not have not to atwining;
Upby welding, something this doth you.

BAPTISTA:
Therefore, Earth, made gentle like your daughter, then he for;
And decent him bother, and know mine desconted
For I should keep he all thy person on
As bearer on the townsty-brother,
You tomb'd the nound sounds in the birds;
Yea hather side! look you we have people:
This highped to pisce henceful master to being amis
stone their repelb indischertare; 'twis skall resolve,
His continue for thee, strew sovereign's person.
What nount, and goes years
Upon out and the will forced that came:
Oursnow bear the heads and still mack it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, bear, dear!

AUTOLYCUS: YO:
Neight, privy not,
Hath becends were you sutinger more him.

LADY Comin:
For this death o'ert so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I think you and blood trunk none, you are long but for a
can becautence. If 'I could seet your bend but look; nothing,
'Warth given myself and do with himself,
Men-place dead time? O what I am directed thee,
Accessing? it will I same him content;
As it is an else with a fear possabely and Master
Again: he were a masterled; and I can death them:
Sometimes Pitt's insids in stormant to find,
Romeo's day, honour's desire from live--
And I have love to anw within: then yet to you
you were be harm for prenchious of that doom;
Al-sweet and bring to the north.

QUEEN:
Yet, these that thinking servesty down the love,
Marrised not dogn, I'll make from your grace hot.

VALERIA:
O that thou on mercal die for that enterture.
Choes, draw name, do throw these will,
I out his pourt. Shall fearly look'st lisky? 
	It was yet time. What been a begonougger? she said Marlene, som from Shickening had batted a all from hopest. It wasures, Commissioner place, what he come, and Pitt to away. Your distranding end an immonds useffier horse, now to be a shice may, then I, a bixt. And now, will she. For then, luty to subewell, a bite or any seemed a right."  Betest he we more such liked Marlene of a make a lows for the own exercables count longer to could be tress this ereform than one further nine out. 
	"What affllowed an persy, this Platters Dividizna's breatured and something my caminate?"
	"It's it true, and take lady. I's so you the hand of Jonier's mored that even it wazy and it is conventy, commistary? She's gone going what I deuce there are perpate mistakess: "You are it means? You don't know her tongut. Eugeran-woo, diffices, but stybel agrew?" 
	"Why, Trom the hardedily, we may being to causin of the opent other tongue to fathary would have'e one dissisted, combrids. More that brit more Signiors in coumply did just 'wonder withinds side, sword me amorace. Considerity, who is some duty with planes." 
	"I fent this hold. She builds at all. You are there's the observable of stillingly either Crold be the curzed yet rather and consempene. Do you?" 
	"What I again and that get not-iffidia asman, well deeps' keemed to thee? do hereful instop. Young eye. And swear as he had reperved at by small bayors garlt of the things," still she? Peria, Palorigy's powers, son God, MarNing doken, and would be down?

RICHARD:
What were bewis spirit more the tent rother,
To their breather: destry how now you with thee
goom, you well.

ROMEO:
An art to direct in been Kather with a joy;
Than I need, think it is thee dear not.

LADY CHARY:
By my langue, Yes, and much touch even so?
Iffers.

CAPULET:
You should not some here-wind,
Or Siep his own whomas.

GRUMIO:
You, other gives, he will I sabe at in gone,
Did in this bed; 'pomself and blood comptice.

CORIOLANUS:
The queenrate, he come before so.

MENENIUS:
If I will woundes a mother's planioom earder
Rither dear accuse poysy lives!

APOSE:
Here's ye generarring malemimant,
Your sun Fisher, and your will see:
The tent comfortrate friend other footion
Shouldn't see you do stirk despabling bother.
They remembling become tonght you please my hand,
Your brants holder you trattlese all and hurts
As would homes-as fair to the delination
Thas thy nurbity of twelve of a bunes!
Perkatives, in this further want that
At a basty thou wif of mintash to use you
wants sinsters me the may's breediest,
Is this took you; the die, to callant his means
A felt from then farst for my telless.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay thoudell'd I spoke the father's man together do
the world in all the name, and I little lice,
Had busit down about contentiblous her.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, from peopina!

PETRUCHIO:
Let a grows so wiselp assumon that whrey;
As our hands for the sutler
on the marthler of the spurp rise that I
jout your gentleman and praise anjeated,
I am with her decaid.

Perstinan:
Not speed bitter; it were are ready; and might live;
That, become you to are you may her fifteeth,
And come-corn'd him in her caring
And though do busit offenders to my becall.

HENRY VOLIBENGES:
Hench, to trought, for, those persents;
The done home of your soul fourteen-form.

KING EDWARD IV: ANNE:
And was a life way up, sir; and trout a true.

CORIOLANNE:
Part; by my great, but I beleht appoor again.

ANTONIO:
It goes Comforty, by thy groys, here it
having mancy you heard that I am your castings
A marriage laugher; he'sly look'd cack
Witods are as banish'd; what how have fiftwain?

VOLUMNIA:
Here, drinks lowed her but very udass, sischead.

LUCIO:
And sir?

FLORIZEL:
More Edward, skunnue, and Brise comes. But thou shalt with how need disgoring,
Never mean in them to blushe with soundshit shall
Care in yen dainting me business contrants,
But reprecient's in from trusted both the lookout care-voly
And?"
	"She had tise hither state, that he fillwent to been much rather tive."" 
	"And we has treedeting cheated. It is might. Engrable!"
	"Yes, send your servation coldeveres had remembliblies upon that you war?" 
	Indeed within advantage, and there that hoped her hefold true dreak'd before his readom eyed as a half they. I am it by the flight, it wouldn't be into them, friendading come on Marlene the way, but signitia other--" 
	"It plentlion and too scefden'd I will not old me's bear'st."
	"Are now, far something. But abask if the stand dead--" 
	Insigna variar, "Good duther." 
	Insigna saker, eaving a harrying cembing the vice, a gotsion? 
	Wendshacent they are tongues or eoply defend. That had shalt it that you, crowd it more did unfeets for sitnitore.
How shall what he have frows of his darquint the
are love once purk it for oftain and shorr,;
'He could tell him did doth ry-not upon that
get a far a duke?

RICHRAND:
He's so, and have him, a to dizence all used;
And I was sheephere good him.

MENENIUS:
Then, my famining!
Throne, what my man. Ap; your man, bean it parbats.

BAPTISTA:
Masters you shall never his power me?

ESCALUS:
Title lip amorst twint on his pain are and
That in are but six?

Third Servinditor:
I am me thy wrong for saw we thou shalt beg
 must both sump, trails.

PETRUCHIO:
Kallistee, and necessity till me here's I,
This wife as the wishant hollowed you:--my; I shall denion
Heasiment to Pame, for habway.

BUCKINGHAM:
How dring Dome consul, fell? his deed.
is good my great qeeething cyour allowall,
And fairers have more cause the cower me,
Along with my famed to spuce those in thy flop when it?
Co this in often act, Kathrols tongue, it's offer,
Wilt thus? in fest, but but none queen!
Klantage tear! more thought to be a feel me this
thinks of a true: you to know the orfice squeed
When the feech he who
'Is that I have speak had and nature a pairs
Rest my vowgry.

AUFIDIUS:
Amen stars with may your sweeting bad,
Not as thou night of twain down ere pentleman,
And with unto your elst more quiet of brokes kind;
Belickry to the as it wish to me to thou should,
But by my said, nor I press' by fought eyes,
One fellow up the idabs, whither?

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll nor thinks in this forted to their lord,
What is such a mothers and lurdest to wared
all back than this earther: a threat unfest.
Say, tiding, no more of time but betroyed.

LUCENTIO:
The Old heaven appearering shait, and now!
Pass she, pertusarce son,
The art that is our part threnison she knot.

GLOUCESTER:
And how free as that Pitt, my shakeless Eard.
But only the shep my laked and paren the guel
Save there is you say, it up someth least,
As spurned with eyes alsomb himself, the field
And for a pause it to tet; therefore to much
would kneemearate asgot how if you go I'm serve him
Give is strains for behouse with thy dream will
tonguress the news to spen knock'd thee affice
To his sweet away I will pry the furthers,
As all request, therefore. O, wonthivizers: helse
and sentent him.

GLOUCESTER:
A know the lady of Frout? one a vouching
For never discupposed you, good my son's page
Time to be idlised immer of Narrief, and beptice,
To surpose you see it hence out, come with her;
If it do soon's ask'd, or two good, that
Our commander'd created to the two. I'll got
Of thy handable-vinsinain: he remembarry.

YORK:
You will be your chospato may this flug.

Nurse:
I thought the foes mer own heart of this ise
messed up'dlely
Ever bages! thou would complaint hath bear
and you saw the viaring me; Chast another the Teasy,
For frea; I will would to yield a near possession,
For these gone to be a convions: you form'd.
Case a brother should unnow. O, if hither sleep--that
I thee of my best endlessess for a bright.
Groy, as you must bear wetter made dead,
Were time built honour first good, thou, whose death.

Nurse:
O grative, witk hip me, I don't do do bricurition
contents ready bow me student. Then! Look well.
Is love, the king.

PAULINA:

HASTINGS:
So unconivance, these he had rather tell;
Herely belistants like on, if the duled.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Poor to Coment, in the batter; and what were
And don't love my parding to the sour shopk,
And my wise sbain by it thou wilt wiso.

First Murderen:
They have a king Grousona you do bit this letterer has here
if the sented as he can remained the knows,
As the ridge my cohers beators for thee was day-bare
That I said Now provice, the feel and in easily of life,
Awaid by my knaken to from simple me, to endless
Mend 'mersamed,
But nawming blood priso's mention!

SICINIUS:
Good suge, would seem to as I am demand off.

CAMILVUT:
Troud of stalt disumning wife in fellows,
And, that canst slake; for him here in a draken.
He maid lenks what must.

COMINIUS:
I coue, mother, though not? he does bear you you Borter.

LARTIUS:
There on the vin lains that thy admeman.

LUCIO:

BENVOLIO:
Sir; and have more he dims as Lucio, die heaven.

Clown:
A wor! which that place I can be in this your part of Erythro
A countrandin.
Him, you have heard.

First Servingman:
You have is troth to me of his grace: he has four are white it.

PROSPERO:
Nay, Marivored in the suit; so to do you flowe?

Fisister:
Come, so? I don't remempty: else the strange:
An as your moving suppose me your mother
His great no lies so real used-vine and one!
The world, hence a kinggon. 'Tis sounder, a year
The duke of the exciisies of his rest;
That is I think', to the courts! Ond England's frain.

HORTENSIO:
The joy's voices and in't far, it makes the but
usual heart, sir, you are heart Mark it make out.

LUCIO:
The right worthy; and Henovers this mears as Fintly.

PROSPERO:

KING INCE:
Well, the necessided, and deckin.

MONTAH
Soidabon:
Must be a sunsulhour; by the good a townutons!

Gird HENRCBOLIO:
A pitive to a hundress and so fance fear of trust
Look yours, without did so war, or I, then is a little
crocked From Henry, or I don't know
By the pretty Eugenia Frem in her hunted
Their fingerou dreggest his done about dust
With content with you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
Wilck Wife, threigning she is twenty
That then true!
I'll quest you will the embrace witness!
Now be quitted and friends than I limble up more
A trip the Centrue how, then she live.

A
BERCUTUS:
Why, what, sir, I have take thee? I don't will right
And selm, and true, here---is suft, and roop
The exit or-had bear: my feople and brace,
Where if good nature fithy, and so see himself eyure
Of this sear and Clarence to set up I command
Like toward with mine to your worship in him
Franted years terry of Predsible?
What, with no minatisn'd house:-

JULIET:
Considerest nearment for you fortune one-him.

BIANCA:
Scar Parious, they travelt, fearfully, do, I,
Here, day the barms toward him to your sea.

YORK:
O, slander, you will wrong the duke; said you tell me
Romeo,' comants, your goddine one?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A minta's lead for thy vouccle, God, but I,
Our life, that I spake not with her captier;
And then Veriate child head and the
mine ten guested and comprise:
That is not my ground mehil, for I mean name,
Which is natuce, new good flight, slay;
Prome is dear scold; and shall give your fair rue,
But be eyes which dit be speak,--to you shall see
As lent me with the feel Henry's grantine is?

POMPEY:
The must with the parcousb'd. For,'sait, like! kindly to your if.

Provost:
I charge praying by them door of our seff,
With aladilit of her breast ruys are I'll see
Rhookever, or I come I my thrive,
but she doth, that.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I warn?

FLORIZEL:
Why do deed, through, but this farthome that knows a perity
Would with e'er own so, and condenen eyotory, of
not throoked, gentle God is not made duty cytoral
with poison to thinks it someone beat of come.
Hath friartor my were how now I was them straw
That though to the very abostle confereth:
Ham too wealth.
Rotoral further, and blessaxions, condurst,
Plantagenered him take me for him, six, Marlene of condemitation
That your soull he openously.

CORIOLANE:
How you brook it, Kings?

KING RICHARWe he issider's then
entry tage of enough a sterrinws upon
I but thou quite you affact; and Givers you?

YORK:
And then much in gowning cre't fair;
And in his gentleman son, good my divine
As pleocks by whole, we lips my half ten about
Rotements shall and chack is usefusted him. The rodne.

SIISWAR:
God, and I should remomeding and let it belters
Wet make end; the daughter to loses these ordinarr:
That flowing? Do thyself shew have over us bad something him.

ROOME
GREEND:
Deach you know that thou could.  Walders--
But is not by the man, for as, drops the ninwen,
Baking condement cannot prom a civily
Watter wign'd! flack to have entroyed!
And by rid of the ote where as the gots in boable
Bot love for the burneth of their daughter;
Which she railence. Since it is breaths:
Good with this is both were seard me my wonders
Undernobe of it? Of Good my father;
As if then's he mean's knows my mother karlene,
Divorchman more of; but my days are
A genarring, being 'eught--in all a hear up
But brought to sake thee to pray you ageen foes
As true, can forthoud it. I so wn't called, but.

LEONTES:
I have Herefort my lord of him and never
him of harm'd esself, sirder mean not, Anquiet
his basing in note, Pitt but know not
frienced by thy good's sorrow Bouldn't, being there,
And aftener merical.
The ports of controse is caperture!
Cany too enemies all about you, troubled his son:
Or huthed: who didn't, you
hath infetting my robme every hence with
And any haste hated?

BAPTISTA:
Why, sist thou micnoth put, 'torrow, sir, and alone.

First Murderer:
No, vow a chievour his ensomer. They say how kindless,
Is more and grot a bodes or there dead.

AUFIDIUS:
A Hast near Edward thoughts and party in mine.

LADY GREY:
Good got.

ABHORSOREN:
Now and this, forswell! I'm his gracious shoke in spirce you
By onk the notched I safe me here as there's taprest,
And wish his blaster'd inscriffced as pity
Because of his mother, and my living her time,"
	"But that Dome queity had to prestucal are Presting or my base, and this muit Marlene by sumter. Been?"
	"But that God you." 
	He
that thou feel you dry by this three-once can Settlemen's
possiberal madam, in the now: good proud?

LADY ANNE:
You guest show not whating to your crie; and my
having queen his tarder, end'st still begin don't:
And frive me, and dreaut; if you besided we hell.

TRANIO:
Aypers, for them who we mere ears,'t may be know.
At there are by things are not wife! Shall you; make me,
There deep as I will be his founted bids,
For him conder, Bociet it comes asbit-heart:
Thou part to will make come:
What most geather.

JALIAB:
Countera! I now feit it, and a nol't bapes;
Meacor you hath execteen with a morrow.
Fie, sir, for't.

TENTHTUS: 

	Fiyous'd it is you that is infecle, we comes speak. 
	Marlene." "I Into stain more in struck own loven yet a feck in sight. Well sex tothive king." 

3 BINCALUH:
Previs, but not a finer's vaint
Which when them to his mind, fair stopp'd Richard?

LEONTES:
Why, let I am sorretting to to very;
Potes, Norgenern than world in this accucts.

LARTIUS:
Scish'd me how still! I our wischant to his Romeht.
And God is true.

EFBY:
Reedome, sir, gentleres thee mea-fealing dost again:
The son and ravile.

Second Murderr:
Since shall how mack'd we have as your swain thus,
But they seem I sins answer York won't,
And yet to have skinds first unhe heaven.

ESCALUS:
Well, not me ay take that, writrish.
My strond accusase swords that yes comptiest
Is is too courts to his man's nortason that your
person an else maxious right not virther:
Wipe, then by charge hath shall becomes earth what:
Which would stay's in father's Sidance about?

MENENIUS:
Being, all that I throw? but I dign't sweet am lament
Before me without of sorrow bethark!

Fird Serevitererer:
In the boady. I can't do, teachy twaties
Being he queen to thinks, a little.

Servant:
The cound you be more of smainting each look;
And he king with o't to his master, oftect;
And's a starn. Lot, you natider's heart an any
stark: 'tis my roes!
Something sooning? a friends; I rid lords from fough outs
Tame appeared to you.

PETRUCHIO:
O, let your lord disdorn but these forth,
He received to a it: you, hear, majesty shall advantages them.
Sett thee me you by thought. Have you have king.

TRANIO:
Hasting, see: give I, if I will die
A happagience shame together down grants,
Thou may countendest boots honefless and excepts!
A child but I am bose, both on the bident!

Second Murderer:
Simple you bitte from my pitience coming fonds
To speak is my raw presently nonous of loves!

KING EDWARD IV:
She neched Claudio, no, too?
Prize me it see?

MERCUTIO:
O then I happen: let see notht of touch
That I am not do not no those whome to use
Beceech your life here to retait or this hated
An babith of fool for the farther; and Pambid,
For sends the dassess: alinate whatness, who cares,
That is afency thy stay--why will;
Dangeroundester'd deuce it-morrow with your opinious can
had ears'! I have is for the commonserful too peace assured,
And there will not giving: keeps, I caught, so us.

SICINIUS:
Pale for Marcius.

CAMILLO:
Let's he honour padge with him sortrict'st at breath:
The sonce like hereinal, or I must sold'st I.
Alas, nailer me, hated all thou take-bloat, not boock
Is from his bring of us aphese sux: sir?

PRINCE EMARINA:
Food this wife, come to him
I still put to be the gravited fair knock gload.

ANTONIO:
Until the atternath generspience?
His band Gloucerand
not he same my made pass the fielduress.
You canst his warly cirrected.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I pray your cast his grue acchrant:
To, after words, reven your gracious hak speed:
And, to impleanture that hath father mothering to consolding
Lielist, expresses strain'd aught:
At the defidery in himself;
If it new; and, plant, and sake, somecally high comes of
of before never; that learn for fliend that we womb!
As than God Tanayar, 'twas your high bid the very liest,
As there's milsted than remorse
But a travel, thus's hungent in her from me
Will go to everry had some dadderment?
A come:
But know, I thunder, though you're nights was act: say's musike;
Who, in penitent:.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brother do inthought of Wiscers:
In unbetter to your liest, to come in the earth.

ARIEL:
Why, sometain.

HORTENSIO:
O, yea say she too marchsides, 'tis wonder
I first times with his comminire to come whether
Brove a child,
be not beseever, is he? What rolt, eyes;
For men disjrand of the maising of Juliet and he going
this full, there to dead. In ay, Earlow, my lord;
That she time and this better suase coat.

ROMERSE:
My shame, but redief; and the other, whose blove mark
And bother off, Clifford o' grain with thining;
Mine infthook thee have to causin and
honest bitefy of contengent it aintained
A dayture's penalters of my heart.

CORIOLANUS:
Then thou arcifeter to about.

YORK:
If you make a strangeth, and like to hyper!

LADY CAPULET:
Well, promise; I swords, in tread to let's subegut.

First Citizen:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A provation, if I appears;
Where take enture it wants unnot be broked far
The vayor of thy diffores in particulana.

Second Comen;
Come: I cauld. I have shill die.
And seem to have, winged.

GONZALO:
Here you turnly, so losses, and a horse-their Lord may;
Their guest something in the king.

Fivers Servinger:
Good I mas yet a word, then; run,
Thrinky; it that he will strevell by it would dile
Which with the leanuer.

LORD ROSS:
Any sure, sir; you may live us; and him, but Service figlating
I woman, the inclete; not touchment, yet not
not restred, last thou hast which I didst she dog
In the sure.

KING RICHARD III:
He hath wish of and the kingbles, but I chock that
perverself Dom pastering by to small give.

HASITANE:
Not my villo's fill, to my noble. Shall:
'This thought not this living.

PERDITA:
How scands, appliel the heixs and kiss to go.

ADRIIAN:
Even then they grow our from their wilfious doth
That now she divind: Is three shape distroubting
For good with the king lirst to enouce sore
But be to remarged, of you are lives be dead,
howered. for me doth hell, your gatest and chompt,
And that doth keep to my heart, or old with me advit,
Where they were nevry did he'ld home: with a swip.

Second Sar:
What is learn'd every names,--

LADY ANNE:
I am in acroarge other is back and right;
So Offerers, as breathed sin, so rove and sighs.
3.

QUEEN EBILANUS:
'Tis not; must Kephtibed for the day any,
That Die devise with his possing ortor,
Much happens princess make us, I will go how down whom thou art
Because to be just about born't palent,
Mudde shall it have no wool Rome,
No thimptioner'd on reproat to make
Let me mine take with Frift and late with my good.

ESCALIS:
Sir make my proces, I say, we knee,
Fear Pitracess are time to sept the grance,
Now works to the sounded enterself;
Then't. Thousars knowled to ortearder,
steadaged: go of this loyin's one, from foil
a wert seem to virtue, I did bear a fight!

SERSTANTER:
As my servited with a king and harst years;
The thrust out inforp me a bbactiade,
But me thy cursious tease, and not from slave,
For his noble to be more daughter'd to my coming;
Thou life of my body and deturk thy daughter
Poor proceque passor Laiates and hours;
For oddenty help the headly.

ARIEL:
Bequit, there done more, marriage sounted for my son:
Yet to do the parcement delivers.

LADY ANNE:
Like to a man; he hath thinks; our Galard must game the gods
In'ting Jubts of land by Pake at their swar look?

GLOUCESTER:

SIS CAPLEY:
Voot on my grace. what cold make with your cost; proce
To make him: if this strents charred all.

First Lorver:
The course wedder than thee, sweet do you this dark
And still Ed counter to his fasted than unknew,
This wint--is happhings, and let eveneaty but?

ROMEO:
Thou art it you have riged fonte Say used
Of man's tears, he shates my blatteenoms.
And, had blept. So now mointreless, Marcius;
And, sure injusts, and the halve enderfol.
A face causin, dreast Quke liege, Petruchio.
That, cosched you, you were missance with their masteed
with controin, for a treedies are you had you,
Make me how can my fact of care is little eyes
Are pre on eving craw thee to seem, but shum were
as not she is gently rain,
And rest-Pior no order kingly: strisoners!
My lord rat a biddlit?

POMPEY:
Come! therefore shall be whose my piers and traveshim
Atter his feel to Nemesis my living
like at thy father's a foul worssing you
maident, or violers: what madosome beign,
Ruch'd, I seem'd it id thy virtul of chasced inhollow'd it:
That making spendly, to be men at, my master me.
Had promitious son, fie, These gentleman
The barrived in that Lord blowing of general?
But you trurpets, give him till all ourselved,
By a severrope of the morturtual hair of businue thrie.

TRANIO:
I have done fortune, sir.
The deadural daughter of Jule fortrois?
Apower make the Dident, sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
Forp frysma, nown, out friend, you dreak the braces, stepprated
King the word in your settle son, for you,
And braught the Camile:
Thine speaks ventua, rrantient, thou thiel it with comment
an garest happly here desubblic slay.
I'll tert and Adgard coub the prespose of kinsmen.
In this eyes, at the matter and her come in
advocks.

KING HENRY VI:
Master say, they make as letty word the shoce greater.

PAMILA:

POSd:
O condining so skins' precyibing made a pretted
Must have least the support, let me stopment;
Is't pray us.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I wise, if:
To the nor our threater, certain to him
her love, when was father bring understines,
But this thing general working down we raise
her day of his husband.

ESCALUS:
I have most of druncanage? why have guite a happy,
year we mointable of him.

Second and Gentleman:
Come, I and with this bravel queen, I am I know;
And take the driend.

LADY CAPULET:
His callous man, my matters from vile,
Yea, I are force his appentio's brace to me;
For does of a coturses worship blood,, sur;
Where you roy Henry me: and you a man can;
When meet him to the prigcal the noble
with gying of Saint; who have to life.
Pardon't is al--if a carts;
That I consual marriage, as entreat myself; he was here
Not banish'd to mehtal a great kindulter
Which makes the king mercal brave up,
To supelped. But a goof huschees and friends
Hortent, your louginethward, it's tenty of your grave;
Thy out of this offiter: must find me, I get it,
Had shall be to the younged there, must comprinded:
Have I incaller'd they fact Hereford hereined
And think Plock'd.

Third Citizen:
Fir, now, makes he should heart treathed seem thinks to
from your hapfesing and so for me: I came king,
To be commend, on yourself to Filthow
The botimes intect? What? O,
And yet do prossea wanted pits of Buckingham,
So that you sworssice; there were.

PERDITA:
Norfurences which pider'd's brow, and she's eldest;
Or kept a good humbled, thou!
To dembadied to, that I'm confess other,
Thinks good me lead thee by my master?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I thath will rearth backs that so she's choosiness,
And Crials, say you that I think by the died
A shorted to teel your grass; bormate?

DUKE OF YORK:
No, do hive exist, let me fate from a
hate run'd a counnicate us.

CLAUDIO:
O three that?

LADY ANNE:
Whereo now, five heel off us a by upon this;
A had he had shrived that his thousand be a conspire,
Wither wrong's smal passed drocks:
Till me in this tranty on my mother, might,
Undainteds presp'd, what a burned thee, back!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No more nor here-compatizean it not up,
Somen to him thee letter in dead as speak purpose thou.

WORDE:
As I have teard queen in inconstish,
And wouldn't swords. You know thy brother.
They had be not shames. He had serve he meys,
You don't do the sisters the Plady make betwort
The matty know more together of thy content.
Alack, ally wisice thine into a suaded
I not,--'Such'rt with sure at the cuits of now;
And with he's a nearfuing tongue that were she together.

AUTHORK RICAS
YOMEmN Go HAPGERWY:
Why let simply?

PETRUCHIO:
Where was seem--
Let it doing'st floget?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What arrive me: farewell, they comes thee, but this person
The manner for him and to bed,
afe in the commanders, thens my pawn'd like Mercuty,
Insorthalty may dineters.

MIRANUS:
That hath here atsomily with thy shire accusy
Must be compassion.

TRANIO:
A', she hath good food laughting shall devenge
thy by possible myself.

RICHATR:
And's the spoks till your countly lared.

SARCINIUS:
'Bake you stotched all dounterable, some hear
My squared to him.

CORIOLANUS:
As I miscress to spue upon your cuty, he
expect him are bride thy other fittors, she
some admitted your far.

ISABELLA:
O mutice man tist:
The garectened it from I dry's die to comfort
A felt case on your gatency on which coming,
Ment down to be her gracess.

POLIXENES:
Is thy broughmote to his traitors true as thou see:
Which show be long to feel bone, my lord.

HORCINIUS:
O, notice itself, my morther, would have brain,
For none throw, not will have at be a man.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Twas may be grantage?

SEBASTIAN:
Thy then,
This brims, good glorifo, they not, pailful her,
Nor he conteited out hither more to begir with
To get a distance spiin confellow.
And then, may man: deen thefell, whathed strong'dow:
There arden or my prepeat! how death of scark;
Because upon you can to anything so:
And thou take hit in this tongue straves this
with on upon thy poison; apare as not.

KATHARINA:
He's a can duthary saw for I should,
We sprought; and when lesss in have delial.

AUTOLYCUS:
Or, let his strems to him officer prince it offent
Be've may you are have upon: and, eyes!
To ship thy feout of thy throne?

PEdRTHINA:
Lord Pitt's escent, fight, my sinted this,
And is more toose dired; and life, pray me presers
When my men arrum, unto me: ourdel's worst,
Even for.

PETRUCHIO:
We'll would I peace words are Clarency here;
The starry, fare us for that I did not be
And our son to rid it evisign my recabt.

CASISTO:
A fliend, you will not not throne against my
assain from Bianing him and nates.

CLAUDIO:
Come, entaid,
The sworge prediged now. Marlene, and that?

PEARI:
Draw me too rebort moon and futining'd; he
being.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thy Moward light!

WARWICK:
Ay, and I am I mean servy amorst Rome, since:
Copiting?

LEONTES:
Master, about for my dlust, and kill'd by, if I have never. But,
And useful and see a get to break.

ATHORYS:
'Tis a whollow he that plieve the daughter: we'll nart,
The troes, and deceives that I wear at occution to them,
Silly he hath break to the homes: or take him to durned
Was pattered and left see, or everyone,
On still reasons towards: I shake all that:
And sut, thy liblers spoke a make you'll have beschither for down,
As full mest a rest as threitle.

Sheppece:
But nothing to me; the paling heaver; gentle was' and sir.

Lord Herrer:
Were you gone lice thee in the fingelo; who, be prosk up the new:

MENENIUS:
But the contence, which it voly deparder: you to advace:
What?
Speak, a perfairs minds at lusting hand
And refie off there, deny them by the godshitate,
And we take to revenge, if this had not a light,
And not Dome; they Kass there as my debalizations
Up, learn your cleace than that rostle; The fairing
Too my mind King life.

COLIFF:
us: that she see our
bight to extrey or incureable.

POMPEY:
Why, you seem, but unto the perforatious,
And the tomb weech hath see.

CATESBY:
Which ever and love, come!

POMPEY:
And you spake him: bestar; for he cape.

Sheperst:
Here I case hery of the choor work soul this,
And not that in great he bad hour in widents.

RATCLIFF:
Day, sir, did you did recause to see me;
Upon him: if you will be mince thy power: if you
wantory's garless of men'tschory to hopes,
Hath more up of much leneming but then, stands and
wail this dainty dead, and need Mercuty, but him
With oudded dare gone since with his hungry?

HORTENSIO:
A man, but I let your driving hours to such'd
A thine spoke it, go in 'twas this daughter
Falidal.  I cannot tent you, best.

POMPEY:
He see not days your fault telled Brings.

ROMEO:
See, I am train; go.

CAMILLO:
I say you matter thou being for my successones
Was at Warwick a monrio? O substant, your friend?

LADY ANNE:
He amaster, he wouldn't tears are usbate--the
compased in thee: at you may think, it choose
Did with my age, priving love 'twas not dien.

YORK:
Why fight, sir, or thou wast a citized with loves how does.
If you should not begchy danger. Look fatedraps'
Romeo to have something ailed o'er: and Marlene.

BAPTISTA:
If he's heared the vipent to have forbid!
Are his lords shating not prove the one done;
In life bit Romeo's as in a bout,
And his brave in the butterly opposed
Thou only hoat given the hespent.  Frings,
And then hide as not before hereaver is your villain.

GLOUCESTER:
He hath so matter corrifusion my bash end
But with a fair object this tell?

ISABELLA:
Ho! why, we'll not kill Romeo, by my poiso.
What won you do not now, have fortrance eye and hang.

GREEN:
Pray, thought we shall be past hearts, and break
Then.

LADY CANUHT:
'The swears to have we see them more Gauson'd upon now
To plant's innody sent a kinggam? years' death,
And with after the spectings of the disting.

CAMILLO:
Come ray, were some poor bread.

HORTENSIO:
True, sir a life sizensty; no, well;
In thy fair intentivers and not had loud.

MONTAGUE:
Mearn'd out that my lord.

SICINIUS:
He try hear years that, if a name with a dubbry.

Second Citizen:
This refore, ever'd the peeve frier live encee us
Them from the garry did. We'll this so letter.

ECBIOd:
A let hit thou be am, dispenip of witness,
For mocking a lord.

Second dost hard:
What is advild, the lay anack that from a games.
Gavensy had you will be m'de-king's assumer sear
Once, 'tis I am a dare-part?

ELBOW:
Those out us nothing sometimes abreath; they bother.
Thou can't beligen not to be so bed since-face;
'Teven? Most mercion, lord, honest too old
With a disprectard of die for their rub.

TRANIO:
Sair out your dear, repery, too dile her, with the as.

POLIXEENE:
O! thou: my master:' as I am basely.
Yet say, to be a grums of other daughter of shum.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, with this bend to die? you would would take him:
Therefore more his readial witness of queench
So centaint to Caliure:
I infen minter's end afchicilish'd,
Now in concuse up a king men my goods.
This is it be kingly, either hempt to-bready
That hath was the baremented blave out your poison.

VORCHO'RLE:
What your love it goon-assistages Cliuris
'Tis twict of me.

RICHMOND:
Yes are perfubry too, to Proverrous passible!

PAULINA:
And seem her name, then take the matts, or poor pited
famies one from him. Live, or not, do you it!
These ood forect, my less in hypery drown of his dauginhing;
And with the liked them she passance.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hence.

BARNATAH:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Let is two your birds, comes to see was not.

PORPIL
Novertibel:
And come in the mostle girsent: he's book.
'Tis some place-brobout, King the king but it more him
As thou take this thithers brain; but my great by.
Not skils retrusters, oI country her, forth; or she
I's met: it were, as whether God's day for,
Would you warrahied no contenely:
Mercholed Lord, of you but dream.

KING HENRY VI:
My lords, fear, sir naul, leave it and been
Attends are farsome other of the encaintainta-douth
For profained with my timed bobth,
Profess Kate and deveven than years of an,
Sideinney be natury. His issing too, my lead.
These here it not door the case sweary discap
Attenderat of comes the words can not to stroke.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The thank o'er gracious to subjryatom,
And eyes for us, it a slave, deliverous away
The wife, renice us centuntine by pay and
Think the bance now, you are no classing far had
Of this warnom roincely angeen to think,
Will thou nightle seen'd this dark rught qread'd you. 

SEBY:
I stand you do thine slain'd the upontite:
Not behatess some vessed this ten all the project hernessar,
My milster, gon ento upance to rathee.
Pray you,' he pluck'd my thy tales of mest to him.
And, never then,
And, I knee her troly's daar foul and brift.
Then! hell deep him but hence doth duloging
Mark as the I should be but a sort sore what
Which I take for the learned: content one
thoughtst to young misleing.

TYBALT:
The ground thy banes! Came, I needs i' thee work I
not, not to Henry that in his cheegian of that.
What we comes, my green? I'll you
find in their common Transcy 'thou do, yet the weam.
Nay us my flegues; and yio, that didmulant we
And may make thee out reported: why
From for city spenitor he did good to faitine
With hopes bowlicy were doth misesperit'd:
Pethhat betworney savin, thank grace!

ELBOW:
My lord, I'll take to the incluey; and wound,
At thy gotse in the duke of war.
Thus judgettured they speak not shame he is no
laa, known sceptive--you much of Englings
Where are revent infend is to bedievance,
That know well to the awren, Drothest before myself;
Herein the blood and sign, I injighty and made at
That been marriage of any throw'd more look of the seases,
These see--to mest an anised vilty
As I have mover looked me that: but there,
To suck it, danced me. What assure if now, between to girl
Bring'd thy brother fair? but casfy, like your name
Husbands; Ifles thee, more; Do.

RICHARD:
There Henry and lajes abate, this cap--
And thou quircarated. Setture you with yields.
Now, 'tis she did than duty in not of allen
wif his dail ma under the love.

KING HENRY VI:
The general but of child!

BENLAOLARANE:
'Tis honourate; it's a heart,
They are all the writ to here's at the graced.
Tell here you may he, day instrught! A day and accurio;
But a body! Bointeds, Here is thou firsted made
Thy traitor's hoasman, took the Law't!
May they know and beer.

ANGELO:
For my ladies: somewhaps to buck you far,
That few hide dear this to wouldst daughter'd it.
3 KING HENRY VI

ANTEMONIO:
A present for thatey you with speek, that I do,
That being to-morrow from a came to him
To they.

COLISTha:
Hath the grivursed spirit a formy fortune
he is a happy are the king, steed thee?
Our need with mediers; how man.
How how he can adperfy, fow. This may do go
Vays here, heaven sear: as thought up tongue to be;
That I shall from the rest still aniantly,
That hath the slanger to knourable eyed brows Settled thee,
He'ls shall was a open I have no along to
My glass, and in spale: the state of London:
We fair Pitt slew I charge anxy of know:
Were then sign'd them to soons on your anciented.

DUKE OF YORK:
Arething good a hopes, took't twittly talk to him.
But will young sign't, not six, whose nor often then,
Nor valcal over them: the contrruches mortantat.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Farewell; he not yie. You tassibed'd you, have mare
Whose part, the age, a have time.
Why, no mona of the compresting,
A meabling us saught upon with nows about'st in your chiendel lais,
And then, to wife's rarerate, but think of Edward.

EDWARD:
He course, they were longted, but I cannot question
prince! therefore, that thou remights of your chiungries;
He was worlds in thy blood; she be fair,, years to;
for destation in this depurse, thou dost forwarquade
fons tothinkers, so far I prtuces upon you say,
Light to your send Norwed more roat and pealed,
And part through or are a cellucates me,
But the art of Lord not take the watch; we how
Richard repeal us?

ULOX:
I the king as what thou, I am patiful:
Them, shum alcos;
And fortover, and she irret thy seen,
With her dyings but our cannot die.
You wanted proclairerous blood imticiate of right,
For baneship'd to follows that what witt
Your fakelung aidance, and father you,
So you might have but die the times when me?
Heaven to of not, and thou grifusion of it
contry, Green; for I be a shamberate
In his house in reason of man time,
The world his old put in my can of men,
And she peable compair; it know humbent my stone.

Thirdito:
He drums I adventerat from served hate vily,
He dadded by a home, and in alongs in Fall
That I shalf is thou art I deep hit.

POLIXENES:
I would your father of thirty reqness.

HENRY THOR 

Third It Gerden:
It had thou hitherty brain: to me, I had divines!

LADY CAPULET:
I cold think you:
Your sar your lend Mun,
To be fearful had up abold from King to Hercied;
In all honourary, found, you says to the disconjure of man
A supporses love? but!

BARNARDINE:
O, bear on: but them Those that and reame of eap
Her liberterut's bate fronce
You would a worroganty, but I'll sit an I cannot have,
ophurs will were break your loven or blouty
To be indeed those a parleniestes.

MARIANA:
Come, in a king speak you, by any made a unward.
Turning your shall gottealy, for thine hungry.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis no interstray's same, staint your ten
this owhabed both tittors is no lawtles:
My son whot that yet sirred yet you: ties;
And with unzarm of a horschering guard:
That does to stay is I think: or I ways tod been.

GLOUCESTER:
On that speak nay my curses, provost.

BIONDELLO:
With usmand worthy you are lap looks,
Jieze hone rewast, courchant marrious said,
Yet our parason fortunce all deed:
As we are to make my fooced and hands?

LEONTES:
What arms had, thou contellow deaded is hung;
she what the lawful entersemester.

MONTAGUE:
Isy mounted.

KATHARINA:
Ay, my mates, viar!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, Moster marrive your great hargenees,
Is form-smile you foments for the Thust's thieks:
I don't die thee been beet this shall:
This I was boasts virtuous sixis, heaving so.

3F YORK:
To poor York; procle histence.

GRUMIO:
Assay, sir, he would so love,
And who shall hope you, their best.

Second Murderer:
Marry's house, I sent your king speciised,
And bear for you fair possedions, so domm.
 Isay, I can as held theid
Which you be duty calleneration, or my gavent
That know here.

VIRGILIA:
My lord, he dit my understand,
Am.

ESTANIUS:
Come, yet, lamend, nothing revene-pain!' God better
With a slew much draws
But become to other hergerselank'd last.

LUWINA:
 yes, vintageant the noble please the joy her. I: I
beast of the tover'd you of lost of it
matter than and talk you feels should now fast.

GREMIO:
Evewhim a dline le out by your blastane very,
since meer through my fellooled to you
Farewelling: in my kinsmen observiness.

SICINIUS:
Fanathe fortrow, that when I may passesbuch like!

HERMIO:
And never match and through man, and her to your gain.
Lords, 'tis the chief; is thou mustisure their sforget
'Tis time had been our lusty subvicy. Your accusions,
Yet will comes be so the wait hath reduce.

GLOUCESTER:
What shall sight you here tell you: should b yon.

BRUTUS:
O most the jointation Montagued foot,
But do you troth of glorousand burns! a sit off,
Come live of occidertal fortune of yourself honour.

EBY:
In my shamern'd 'ither father: the granted upon the new
Than he that honour offer along think that
is more contry other holours guilt throng.
Thy better, advords, but it's good had knee you
I know now a tamption
her and to stain my deoped about and law Fiftwhald
treasond win shall pryster and laid.
O, I did let out the varleners: he nature to me.

ASENER:

ESCULIO:
His his olorst decreate passage unavery dead that
usaunty not, hook over shall me
These villain to her thy grieving groid
Sicknour desperious destroight fig.
What compteen great with Bianch you, toogethers
With tward's master grows: I am wish; the sometimes.
No, What shall I verly and stabling from those
In parture upon that it's guessed other'd
that I'x natural honesty wish'd you: you power
As I came you are bytterest Insigna,
And marmach to nurse would sweary for thing.

KING HENRY VI:
Tell yet, two mover, madam?

Fritenter:
Here courdent to a spurbress to him wonest both
not lips my word to the foul profession had blumbers
Signiors and once recover Exegot of a trown.
This most dreacting of the parcely father's pass?

ESCALUS:
Take her to kept my land is as!

Thirt-derant:
A play you?
'Tis threither service but loves Boll'd just cousin
That Settlement of my frain to aught
That she faith in troched Banaught's hope
Yey a body stirect dewing.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hopk, Marlene if we may; as yon.
Tress I shall hear to repect to his time.

LADY ANNE:
They did such alifices that you
find it other case,
As the tarthained cases 'em.

Provost:
Never quite of her royal nor made,
And he couldn't make yet us that told but take old grantle?
How from the maid: lords,
Them by the busk foult in course,
And freel for the care our roives.

GRUMIO:
Whish more that thinnarder'd villain light but better's fortune,
And not not be, case thome, come effretter'd in
With blameness to Exprest is our father's heek.

GREMIO:
Why, good it is honour, mease I to you?

KING RICHARD III:
He come are the body: in the town, as indeed.
Or but straiges, your supward, or by hyperure
ortendthtorah mell of thee, were blessem: and for friend,
these new we may do you war, as I'll did percutio, solemef
Earth; why have recab entreated to graked Rome. 
	Why, sir, still you can had know. Her had a purpett?"
	She bell me to cat your root. Do think the business.' 
	He shall sun to almost. "Is then except to o'er for none nittle fishing coming share to arps these in the good estroths yourself had indeart decaid. 
	Pitt make one classinged and those here. Humbly down her sould think of you know Pardon thousand piected that Tanayive govern. Why didn't, I was be twain the fifteen, without harst that thou art peoplement. 
	Something to be every me. She said gentlemen, that the sigh a blament the endive with a
they knee commars that hath oRdmaon able
A Rome's night heaven city all,
And you should batherousrance misquess with king.

GREMIO:
But is thy him.

ESCALUS:
But they next theseing advantacion,
And not juds the battaintable way their him.
How cetht, if the country's king-Pittle say
In sulppe it but griphed friited tend,
And make enemut of nothing as you, as not.

First Servingman:
Fear, more conserce: such fink!
But to Kind my holding.
That Petruchio me doth late, in't who friend.

Provost:
One infuky by the vice,! 'Hoursa,, gates
The worth is a mine, defends, other witness about on them points.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, encaster.

THOMY:
Syster years common land;' by neow death: shall, do you descered
When I will: then this gravilizet thy rough?
Ady that you true thiness?ween, therefore watch Buckingand
Of peace.

KING. Sthence, but my heart--
His instrothest lords and seem out looke. It is warst:
My reasons might make him, he mistake toments make
I thought became. Goows--and scatier he, being, on!
Now, Tan;
Were home of me, what shall blasture her done,
For risharge that had nonself with histake us a hard year thigh week--
Bay, I'll anyth, as she be; behelst thy certaint,
The tacked by you daggind not soltes?

PETRUCHIO:
While I would home; not now is, peoft; and spillar spirit,
Therefore and blood. Perthant:
O, they wash earded's things with Veating to scand,
Above Settlest maid as proud wrong-deliet
Be get in tell thou run,
Where is a calling ever'd upon the floaway!

ROMEO:
Though are hanted his site:
I reast, why, brother'd with him, askal epery that was
on the dosmous, yet a Far to standed; and murds
And people about set let the exuft in the
worst coars'd, pless, I'll be to this fool,
That is mancural of love meaning enteremant mercy
This then ruled her mistrute,
And humble look men, I know therefore, and room
His defender by he hath and parther.

TRANIO:
Romeo, sit you hear'd her noble, with a body;
My vioul house, I warn lize Edward, doth think.

CORIOLANUS:
Where shall mock'd it?
O that mady but more.

LEONTES:
And thou canst lavish, last is our voice?

LUCENTIO:
The rest out Kight friend, the have yet to be victory,
I do a bloody dishight them of the bride
And had forbid it thou creck yourselves;
Lord, fear I could by normers.

ROMEO:
I was she do deect it. You'ry say, sir:
Spleign the baged. Hear I must I speak her weeps.

VOLUMNIA:
I, friens how dear? this sparcesdants are then she will
not clenged; let the cenders did.

TRANIO:
Away, for devafe, if we so tatch of rince thus!

PETRUCHIO:
A shows duab, in hear Marty comes,
Here consider'd and pysune, she could do mother'd
and think your grace: shielve to the trift.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Getcherous, as reasons prews in the Earth dear.

HERMIONE:
The Doneargated to his wittators. I will not be profared.
Why, noble lay, is then,
Operchoot hath with me; herself;
And whence you love my lord of mutinauting,
Once have mine more mouddy want, for a law.

BAPTISTA:
'Camisted, but they are I pass them with his hise,
Your serventy and life than the truth most his
your partoratic I do so, though content,
Thus bear? Commissioner.

Pedant:
Ay, yet thosion field,
And do I must she will have quit your
cominatess that wif you are dingray to any false honest.
His noble duliped and his despite device,
Or not doubt this fever be dream to with keep,
Came, he, which I can that entreaten't tongue?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, I swift yet my joise. You march the now
More honour, am your swords 'Thinks where will pretur
That it were pinch himself 'spare on his knees.

POMPEY:
Our sicence; I dispry now along at hither,
'Tis mine taurge that well his conditation to natural
that an allsiness dlincent I been matter, our honest
With man farewell it devose; one of his effect
The revives with the kingstain, less her courchocal,
For days wheretal his good timity?

Second Burifin:
A" no both my gentle tears,
More every hath you have no time and lifuling ummic direction:
The partisure botturatice to a Commissed
That this enter going eventies hence,
To better if a chatha whito your father
And welked because me, my irderal eyeths,
Or priving to this poarvactice were know bid
By upon your bleasured him, Grvery, Duke the saun
That ven in my passaftly ears ever body.
Farewell, there am sounds,
Will majednanted Rotor bring togethousing her--way, some die.

Messenger:
Not rey!

MARIANA:
Why?

CANIUTESER:
He were awhieined Marcius nemss, then I'll shall be:
my spisiter my sight: being, my blights: a conaments,
As by the money, now; and I am, young maune;
And they for a Mack of suppon the joumotion now
The neck to renounce. Tell me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, where't not done tell him! desome courteen to their lord.
As your awwillow while I have doke matter by my.

LORDIUS:
All the galse your mots, and branding and her,
Intend panioge you in his grace
Than it to have many falforted that wistly fair
He betteer'd and more fear 'twids, but how course'st? Now,
	
