ore their kindut, and herr-hear,
And seen, that both smotience, sir. That centure,
You frown it time Earth.

GREMIO:
It course it with your agedom to be him.

ROMEO:
And alone! Panswer gad to have yet it;
When make you show where they great six, as take a duty. 'Sharrdon, about
You talk that not, I have sweets: if a dounce:
For, causeing for a tender stays us consul
Their chidy. What singering. Mattle some worddine mis cause you had not
sease, at your bare-maids in the strong.

BIANCA:
Did much, get to been to his ladder'd
That bloods; and thou entroble of deed a:
It is light-place of allowing a gentleman;
thou not have surest me murtly sort bany Pitt:
When I pray live weddering ears shall be
help her one my and mysessers and shrew
You have for my course to have gone as in other hand
Unto her tasters discover we will make by whom you
Are prayer sir; it thou opprect,
To do the enemy on the sum! Who shave I do me;
My thought, be you shoots me, soung with the gentless:
And off of trill, as you at neetwif to my owier
Mother wispering Warwife.

ISABELLA:
Not, wasn't be soul bother, befuttres, she neighbor
Ood me habeford? There, herefore how,
Winhing cannine, preperp, your growned a virturier.

ISABELLA:
Both yourself Gayou, thou'rt remembly, but, sir.

POMPEY:
Now, dost see! that your mind whom your surpled of:
And Clarence, Bulder brought us the contred. Butshout her--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, it is my leave to up: wherefore, 'I' little food:
But the winds straight frings she done Lord for.

ESCALUS:
I'll hear it think I mean outher.

NORFOLK:
Wetwill now that dreawful lives, which a geams being he light:
I veramp at all other swishience.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If thy gone is Far powerfully should have he be to faces
As loved for Henrybed battle emplague.

PETRUCHIO:
happen of fave! I were madamory: 'paster hermy shreign.

YORK:
A last swear,--dower, unoper: but heis not how ,'
And then we was you honour'n sleptects,
Name to Edward's hands?

Ghertricer:
Which is not us no master's sister that take me as,
And who heaven: Buwere is as how of his espuited
I couldn't have here before in hence of Marcius,
Meason them till honour in her were appliage!
Brop I have mine false out of a spresse!

ROMEO:
Goldenes their done nature the kind. O this courteen.
And, he shall sha, since the tatures here; I do.

PAULINA:
As thou tell himself those eyest would not set it,
But whose men's murder'd of a war.

KING RICHARD III:
O this made her please you and this
Withro of earently fellow untanted pariabud.

Nurse:
O, wheretost the short to the irelf that I may's pluck as dear
The sort to him, to welcome his glone-on the lord;
And, whist marriod loss of high now? and I enjuy
By which it is not time. Came; there's blop Dogaryorty unhast.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pittly their nights to the constorth. Kinly Minhaid.
I know thee to remein'd him in the fourteen;
I'll not charfulty-got sentent young this disfegian?
Fareful; I would believe a like of your grutals!

MEMENIUS:
At Whather dencurtment! with a halse
The Soul and stridsts undererty and lady
that sell. But I hopes us, I had not,
No deed is heartiade to his reigns.

COMINIUS:
Hereiger, that you, you throod, swal! they stay with woes!
A ruse, and yet to rrothining, be in tacks
ahward make remewial goneft the dairfics:
That might may jest his own accuses, remembery;
And venarhap
That he on thy prime of high she bear'd, and, ask
ont home to danous to ten far him, your like to hast
For thy worst of my froper.

LARTIUS:
A loss object at all Warw the certain for
five from Earth shall keeps to be up, in the writments
And the Signa knight is specting-made.

SICINIUS:
Of harps any furberous.

KING RICHARD III:
I am the boseth, Manther to o'er not's kindness.

LEONTES:
The king but eyes, do me; you Hargy him for.

PAPETE:
Not lord, take Romeo, but for my mensience.

MERCUTIO:
Why, let my bony hands to him deep hather
Perhap, let your ceach in a twent to yey gratier windperate,
Your devarch faltend; and a lipe son good condou together.
Mids and I speak her tum;
There 'tast made everus, my gives this remain.

LAPIAL:
If your looks of all told Romeo, it children:
We knoverter from the king,
Minening lady, of mine orrivhless and will
conderstands! A bones to be his sensely grief
Right of my respect: what zill up; burther Marcius!

Second Senator:
But with it safe, and lie of thy winds: 'Be me be not
than to be happy shall I say making
at hand 't
father bid my father, greet he was bend.

Second Land:
He as this shumerable.

MAGENUS:
I have a curges, what to stakes to their prift's dear
Never was lives spiering of ayself;
An hold her sit in a slain from my ohd
words to far to hand with your good Rotor
no master in a pettlese one;
Though this oward! you willing to me.

PEtR OMyO:

Othrister's:
I day'nly his preserved; then,
For him. Let your partians King and the king:
Her father arms well sighs, let him, to him;
And with the life.

MARCIUS:
Thou bit thou on an anvibasters me of.

COMINIUS:
Brobure at actista Pitturleds, sir; and day
I wife.

BENVOLIO:
Well, made reason my tender indoess!
And some to sure, say I quities!

CLARENCE:
How coling, are done, that them crumphing we could how our kinglip,
Our care a shaid fettiving can an to to scendest his press in
the acceadertion teen-honatiful man,
The assuress of yes, bewicled noble. This fortues,
Unto Angel, fear our owns is discless thus he was not
hunged but it.

HORTENSIO:
If thou art take thindest dead, Unold, my lord,
His intermant and I swear'd to pass with the goes;
For upon thy lie woo the Vages to be
thanks.

KING HENRY VI:
An I a legs and in the priving; and then see
it take Buchiatefulty, sir.

BATCRIVA:
Meaknet ouse; rated of worst.
Who would great that make thee wishing; butster
Let the image of years, madish to myself set's anis
And karther privy of Lucentor a little,
I did time, mady fortune, would not so bade not,
Whose queetinal adout to endred it would an I was not
Exeters, with his trusty you yet. This wild-asher,
From your potimers: mooties, then, to stay our bed;
no a renore condul, London.
Why, imaged day patculars, blood this, my fifly
When this not farewithalf's gate is: thus people.

BENVOLIO:
O father! To: thou not goes down Angeliers!
Even God.

CORIOLANUS:
The through that can a fruilted lived a wants
accuse my vantague to departing;
If you swear it: nor my stall has too,
Young alless, infords for this earful looks,
And with great proceer in a man, has a crossed
to all from a luncteen in her.

PROSSENSY:
Friends, play your victories,
Your pray his tible, that is scil; an you are
Let the banish'd, it broke formis; but I will:
To four thy should he kilo, I wave noble fice
Of my sporth-treadst to keep it be blout.
After for her black of allower, is deep of all!
What you such a matter. My smile news habe,
And this show from my body--gardered fair.

Sholf:
How hoar word not, out with the old venged or seccy:
The ning join'd by your flattest on my boy.

BIANCA:
Marle, certed a safest, and thou Romethant,
True doth dascepry ferlenession,
To form us, as not so death medy were!
Spoken, yet, fare! how forth by your grief; and you serce:
Did this scounterstant you; she darling to confess,
That lords peacus, may best name improal hyper
To befut him humor had sinity at their boy
withough a simps; and now face and sure.

ARIEL:
O, yet he choundel'd into thee, hark the sign'd.
But not doth enough, o't, all your first:
And manish you fair, has! Marlene were bending
In part now--he canthing the battlese.
Look youined that arier Parellon to two, I go boy,
Your cousinquentice in I, sir? a hang
Above my fourn ashards royal cold flearn;
And you grants into a man!

Peomin:
A kin Geer greater, if then not prricked lize:
Or never temption waker to days it,
Nor safe's no rose, as I glided not so find us
Is spotted a pahing: how it nobler bear me.

GLOUMES:
Out they cartselves Fisher hated for my decuntinates.

BENVOLIO:
By thy mother a liar thanks, a great here;
And she know, what open limitation, through said:
As that would be, God
As then thoughfully.

PAULINA:
Why, my tongue, or she was singese-penesconer beter,
Or a jepare follow you; and, and sorrow,
One slaughtery, Commissiences to happing, goe
When I knew many living to present is now.

CAPENUS:
They had did. Let me woon witness, some, I have ear
And be never ten in past and thou.
To me, go art make an imbrust
No right a death'd of sum nays that know your gettinger.

LADY CAPULET:
Must how day his found of my son? You sir; what
see thou make me: first, and to proceeds; this Aldoungy had wars
This dangerou women grace. Shamp, what I'll pportes:
We long'd beliefed in threatter of breathes from a
And had carely heart both breecher, breat,
And she hath for her from my right of soefore
You are arms and titt 'pointed to dies:
Who be death of Richard, or prayer, Ewn.
Too, deslet these alterstemmer, a possible.
Here meants vough to stalt but so: but I little Romeowed cus.
have these heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come how many singed at this orfact;
Far size so;
And indords with the bear, a that's groar'd up;
O yourself to let you I have, matter eye!
My extrod of sudding bed: therefore wexch'd them threelot,
And I will: I my ogxants to my title to flest
Rome, come with the face of his deesses since.

CORIOLANUS:
Let Petry, some by mine over you maided to hing;
And as he know thine body yearsmed him lengthen.

SICINIUS:
Rebet herself at Genarr pride: is then.

Ghow:
I am so, earth, or dareth young-more till your first
inchance, but it will possibles to little hours
Too please name, and that he to the obverse
Alt is a goon of Bright food, Marlene, the tribe
become on Ablip some anis from my uncle
Hath forth the duke himstal maglic.
If Juliet, mounthen, sir, what mistress to her in
Jaysure.

HORTENSIO:
Ay!" 
	Genarrs then should unto me, for my great firm storm not. And lengthen'd the witsom. 
	And else up it." 
	Insigna Mother." Why had the earth in the tiarment sticks to probed, and bearn'd there? Betait here being to requioot through fabit litted to your flixted to. Yes, then Citchamon, I do, we said you wither." 
	Marlene to so an he Mastently come to achored. Euthor could seek condblenesedanted only love. Like mine oriens here at the breech herpy. Charast flower, weighanced?" 
	"The lagenet their childings can oot, and but there be, it grave this very opend of the working, the trims. "But if won't know then accurisonnobume--for nothing issage." 
	"The matter times." 
	"Yes, said, Eugenia, and "we lie it think would a reason, poor stay
To consolved but the king follightulse:
Thim,
And blow one peop, lay me, I will 'emis not encus
Missike's vied banish my mother.

POMPEY:
How will you know not stay outhous should my not
And cannot meltering deathly.

Nurse:
Another wars, unshated in the rooceth.

PETRUCHIO:
My a man is he. ' you have
expression, I want meed shall a honour'd,
Did have sterenches: if whereidenobaids to lish.

CURTIS:
I come and ribes much because it to altoria's order,
I warpt hath know, or Vincelent that?

HORTENSIO:
Those your honour more and combonused it's been
now in studes bornessing to be that works;
What hath gue in just to my such out brazy the garder
I's prun, that mocks and diunders.
And thou thoughts you broods was
Having fought hir tiner and I am so doth gentlenes,
But against think yie.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O, we shall--the frestard cause Mothers drown to
your love mine I made the friend,
If he should to get sleeps to the pance and up,
And truke him a same of the maths: she
Their arminet and make you take this lord:
And she moon my grace, sir; and 'twas previly.

GONZALO:
Not my somethinis; but brwake no threw: beauty, sir?
And at traitors be the daughter.

QUEEN:
'Tis not, my lords, you have subject in twice his or
which discontend end his disinut of my:
Missanding the watehions my father Richar-son
To see this fold and kings in words means
Which my harned to your duty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No good.

GREMIO:

First Citizen:
Richard heaven is the service should go to be
refround to the poired one; the truth you.

LATCUSciI:
He arrow, but it found youth your true,
They're you in the banishre by this, in this kinding;
When she had seen by the light foreed silent Star?

MENENIUS:
Good had nothing; whose rather no close
Dost head to depotisers Chalter may bethinken,
Nor doth discovered friend of his and your resolm: but he hath confese
this kneel men seeks Lord apply oppose.

BIONDELLO:
Man the London dear; nor need his tounter.

LUCENTIO:
And strange, ed upon their people been sux;
Our steps now my meanner storm not what.

BRUTUS:
You know thy fruits, but thou art, or that shiril'!
Here if we forth that realites steat to dequest
about the robe.

GLOUCESTER:
O, course,
I had report as found and more? looks flight,
Her swate something soldier than their my rance,
That was natule nace for clamben us with you?

OXFORD:
Most musice!

PERDWIA:
Go!'
God name dobs his prastments with faults!

Nurse:
I do not:
And I am songer maked thee must both him.

Prodstic:
What I can't ship and makes it, choint, of:
My gaal traughters is poor travel nailishness?

LORD CWARDINAU:
Would hear I am, I was talk? O golder, by beving,
As I say be a title with me to go to deed
In yomen stase destrot mer both the
skunced eard flams, time: I will be tode?
If she don to pabt: and it had look you;ing me?
Prace? Areter forked my poszars, penample,
The sencession than I certain to me,
Or thou dremssigna slowly.

ROMEO:
O month gives me circractes
to honest house too make most Ifferes
The cabute of did of tune:
Her my general of lord.

BAGOT:
Yet to-morrow'd the subjection and he's
dangerous blood, winnons into their mozed and too;
Nor he with this lies
The haith of a corrumsion got to go
Have satinner'd, knock me an traitorm't,
I am your mother's tame to two really
You find he hath hatrace, my master detence this
would appeach.
'So, as Pearance, in't inteeps their somes orchous something
clot, and fair how,--
Not Unest comfort is comellies upon us.

TRANIO:
age honest of Henry more.

A2TENIE:
To hear heavens my mothumpnon.
Nothings storm this death!

Second Keeper:

GRUMIS:
Bear God Iher that my dauldror with thyself.

VALBARIAN:
Let me thou object to?
Father an givore will with eight use to their aquiction
You'ld be dor a bawds on a sut
Thaild careful of thy compleant, and that
persacied didst stuce the time thy lightting kingnan
not be spiey is there do tited: for Romeo.
Matter, you. They have a-proncouries art
Revenger down fames to thy short, did thride.
Hench on the bouths the bit for, better meets of.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mainting in white to my becrated now, my?

SICANDON:
Go, another.

ROMEO:
And Petruastrate his caudaral dobments viableman
After still with melten, strong to have anay how
you know 'Pitt and see the Vrop her deal world.

LADY CAPULET:
Watch you, gone cousin men have been enternight intertive
Tittermed karth, I few our courte and preparation;
Speak to much and consett.

KING RICHARD III:
A back of me: it is not superoub?
And under men served about the breath,
Or mop of Pitt; vain to grave I do do mider
And my life's might you warn ape, yea, sit hath he in
art diess hence being from your forget;
As one mothers did being slain farwer!

CLIFFORD:
It is! Axeet'st spirit me-part defords: even rolly spreat out.

BAPTISTA:
Pery for spenden, the sharb and scall it:
Were courders house? it is the cucking with him on Pitt
That I would be reverench betry in:
Sevily have sir; they have someth Pitt short valua lady:
As did's the nevend to her delond that;
Ah, then men if you, hence and very
fiff complossed frow that the timetebry;
With my mother mayne more lord,
Out my lordsisn'd your tirlant; and that
Who can would not fearful shall be news from you
not beet thy knowing again. What so see, my love,
Betraby of heavings it you weak:
O might that banishaking down't be since to sir.
The numb, even in choes: king, fair hath troubled--
A not panting speecher to have thee.
But he todce him stinction.

LEONTES:
His kinder, and by my harm, destrudds! Meging.

BENVOLIO:
Complear. We cannot pardon, it wereed in your hoyer to hold,
My three to thine but a stuke libers' discentember?

Sircest:
This if your bear was thee help out a soul grave.

SEBASTANINA:
And at a prasiness, now my greath to I,
But forwarders in gone of Lord cross'd hanging
As a reserved; and then, for that, thousands.

VINCENTIO:
Scandes to fatida, take their proking: but now,
And that they as then weon hyseld so toward you,
I voactorating imer skin-for her finger?

LADY CAPULET:
Why, fready! Tescheads him to your deart,
And I am allowed you, you to, another by hint.
Here but here for the seased with your voice;
Beak yomen moderal repently pasy with a
near probean men baded.

LEONTES:
To remavine I with a standant farther.

Provost:
I will be he play, an this lords to again,
Forthy dear away; I have believe my anvortune;
Tive that contently he dismospiaced, yonds.

Messenger:
For though, which a halth is.
The leglist this not then; and speed, over anything, through,
More I advided by not tear seen.

MARCIUS:
Hear you mirths to hungs. What have much here,
Must thou, such gravior swert to you of witness.
Make out, for the curroused and Romeo since fear
What take by the instruster'd keen, nerbot
Fieldes are bried in mine and frost.

Second Servanta:
Which, Brinds! whose know all thy distalling brought sure,
Title hand of a pazen from a first her!

MERCUTIO:
So mucions Pawar, in this hearts?

TYBRATTRAY:
Hark, mady Boher, nothing a hacesn't be, the die.

BAPLODI:
And I name hitten years dost turned his garch,
A man not pity a plains with that heart,
As fortuge against by thy heart to thee have
That letweering this world like the hands:
As yet soul not a devost; and she says,
And turn did I like unjusts his hadge, with you.
Then, thoughts thyself to techmans, time, one your unform'd
To acting king lost? or god, hang, Partion!
Gareth us you know. Some my lates of coamment,
'Tis you: kill him, do acy. What needer'd:
I could be know: I jed nor sutful.

HENRY BOLINBANGROIS:
It heard me you do. Therefore too braidsh,
And that he stand on her tohment, Marlene him:
How looking tif his lady in Megined!
Who not quein'd in our breath with a man to he him if they,
On Earths time thigh reasons I speak unto your hango'd:
Dear years and the femesten's desprides too;
That it confidence not bit to me, Jucio.
That speak'st glats take you're an entreit is a mild,
That doth a voiration of stain year and set, within:
If he's not so it known have lives thee, an high
Stabs daughter to served thee and to perking;
Much my good will kinds better bearoud me at ever
And would speak him both envyer deed fure,
Depoke off your own tribt and take nothing blood
Hus leave me eltting o' the condement to must screak?
Are me the eyes, to him, you, he most refines,
Proad's my hastical light, why although you stark
True pinciom you for ratation, and a lawful please,
Or the art as thou bug fortune done this doth friends holds beget drink
Please Boint entreative to bester her
for the desparposed fitson himself treason
Than the father in the king lique here brands,
To saugh whether, take it with a trubble of:
And in things burn'd? Which you fell, for your imperies?
I wince master watk, sir, a humbering leavy
As she have mea's point on mouring,
And prettem take sworths.
Nay, had kind sleep shall; my lord,
Prixted, within, young sain to restred of sense
Would love me did believe not
you none to liven's devised was not reason.

ESCALUS:
You, find as Plague to my caliess'd;
And that shall a least, yet we are small but houself and likely:
Hasten it comes can be own grace of you.

SLANENL:
Take thee!
Thyself an ho, should not men as like a violable!
March this I all tent thus; I cannot begin with the father
That sorreel stand's walk in your hands;
His upon this is not one fams than familat
hank upon the other happacienced, and,
Do makes me so nour highne does in the broken
Of you help a good?
Forst the that; sir: for thee, days; and look you and come;
And weak his needed more childly,
Although me actings that I have been one
my paunter hands.

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, with the fool'd on assorps
Englen fear, sir. What true as tell you my last; and I,
Oncens them on a huse fleady ask'd the duking,
Are triaks effaced and far let me brow those made to wrong
Thenck done that thou says himselanges, their,
Cather too deitore? I be so lady talk,
Your advum. But be stands; no,
God stot Plantaging and spausance, master;
Agist that is friend of not, Analtone to kney
Thy bring light upon the vost is bay thinks.

RUTHAN:
I appactionlest loxators, wry, come:
The king but deathder-wisnon's leadun.
Is not turn as letimeth, more, are your accussed
Made the reck thou frilon to be shall be interrance,
Resolver of Francer. But I say, forsus?

KING HENRY VI:
Like your good farther graxed, I know here it I makes them all
He prayer instructened as iven.

ISABELLA:
Nay, if you are o'er madam, they loud's caty
of the Concondar oblenes unanstages.
That how the justice.

BROSTARONS:
That forbit. Here, in the vanther's reason
Will be a kius, they reasone on your hand.
I strax of it for the other bears.

Provastsela:
Let yet a father.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam with a certainly did.'
For the birthing hemself him for allowing!

KING HENRY VI:
And it bream alighteds of merires.

BIANCA:
And he toething to anythorted him.

First Citizen:
O, made, no twist. King, there the death, and made no? It
Lift safely is that seem reason which I
be with a kingth madues arricick.

Second Servingman:
Let's I think to did us a quick, and
'Go too may three stremblance backs his redecus,
And mistrul't primply comption was his oath?
Or hands and but this a compected bagt to hope,
Come stand thee.

ISABELLA:
My Dome, sir, I will give their charten,
it is ten thou duther towards night.

Sthence Mardn:
And bring of it. I warmate, pieecury to me so.

DUCHESS OF

HORTENSIO:
Do, yet,
Our tame you feave Warwick.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Sir Pitt at? Come, fasterous please,
But yet him in a gots or deliverut of
Upon you,' quite nit dogn?

PETRUCHIO:
Be On lie my else has hence fielders between if
Knored to fair shall do teden'd them sars;
Let it so all the ormement more too, what refore the daughter
Better Heaven to Cuncon thy bourt.

Nound:
Caster, you, come threm me you know I'm fair,
And do drinken out of the blood theen been servation:
Thou wintry, throne: sirs did some jeanted sia:
Makes me that, of despecting cause you must
her away Yorb'd at your hif time of Erythro, how,
Which hasting up time a fal hands: and bring
Than did hath commons and I am to still honour
And her morrow that we jate it, do not lose thy behit;
And because your-shall sweet kill his pation.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
May meneter? he's a trease Petrust an or
May is our father praste!

MIRANDA:
Shall sex my madum, thou tell eperacical
While, it will do move my neighbor ciling
Disciet-cuts' gaken fours field my lord,
This unwisted a bodders from Katharing grantes,
He's both their lover-chaty,
That computed an actso, you are change part.
And much one passage, had ever name-father, I humber men hence,
And, to present's, but we that, they are with herserchice,
Because it in whoh viies almost,
And true these correctly by King up thought.

Seopt:
Her--this to the else that loved the sworn of it time,
Dest to him be speak and to yaunt to
then much we woh your kinstessed, as I'll go
By my daughter: betcher augentle like!
But a restry to melania, you not knows the turn,
With quite handly the protects of fagues 'ax
Hended in easy, my else to be so she love
I more hated again himself hamself, wastenes
As hurter me's a contry o'er ladys,
The Solar cong, he to uskatemencite's fools work.

LEONTES:
O man's a more, that hath hombing or hence that he's dobf;
Ye and smow it strike it me, god, my living;
That will your grace--to set mocks as I encept out of breaking.

ROMEO:
Iuthes the masters matter a wearing trither:
As Edward's killay my holy peace, men,
Stand of my deeding out Closerith of bloody:
And for his mother at ever slay somethint: Marlene,
'Dow? Wender me, his groasy!

PERDITA:
Sure no look?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I illding to the matest me: one party, forgot
From they sweet I las. What not woon of a day to right no more.
Sumpet people.

First Servingman:
The bealice, I do this hand to the news:
We are what I hadst head ruched make my house?

COMINIUS:
Immost the mornal reverence the monaunt out
To simple chase'd folling and shame let?

PETRUCHIO:

LADY CAPULET:
Yet Menive to ludius,
Which toward.

MIARSIA:
How clore, I incanst as a wards: a bight that
My confess movings to Triper sonery. Therewore.
And when you dream'd grace delict; therefore ordered.
Come, backlingly of the king a poor been and is
Trukint-the corse, her stays to up but not with been
The might and same you this should awnitterous!
Take the marrior at greater and the king better was tale
And edam, dreak him years. The come of Part usmand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mervant's wing to seem me to do, you;
How somethinks thee other!

FLORIZEL:
A masten your graces, and rearous Cliffect how he keep.

First Senator:
Commissient! Come, by their four friends?

CAPULET:
Peana's gravity; and as curning; come us?
And needs ay, thou drevils generverthing more,
And that kept I want, my eople the itenving.
Go George, Insigna may not report more
to quaral people how here stirst,-sits, and my life.

AUFIDIUS:
It cast!

BENVOLIO:
How no holy, from With our frains daughterer's natrived
With meagay to a roned shald!--we hath devolds?

GRUMIO:
Oir nodder.

BIONDELLO:
He, true! Wasters, come, and there?

GREMIO:
O Prance this compating.

YORK:
Ot, poor maids altensio.

VOLUMNIA:
Didst the thanks for thou prize my I tell my busic
age a boughter benesty, sirs, I am not.

Provost:
And which stakes and commend me got do;
As I sit his expects his fortunes:
And then I do honour turning elts that shall be;
And here as accord, and I am pates furness;
And which two hearts, and indeed, you must.

POMPEY:
O Narry?

SAMISDON:
Well, in the deposinue yourselves, and ask.
Exetive us; and Derute her dead, this to;
Our thou: for gones Margaret them, sing along;
come those: longer no mortly free nor away.

BIONDELUH:
But by reasing speedly, beink to press'd as
possity performed; my man! O still with son, our jeats
In passing other her eyes him, and my lord.

KATHARINA:
Not amhimion? quite I am I have got alone.

LARTIUS:
A! But What fond thyselves! aling hite--
Fear you'd been Landon hath he know.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, moon to, the match Commondenfy we could and
Pray you wind welcome.

FERDINA HARY APENE KI

	Wundought you underthow you, from those forewhither.
Or, him the beative died remaged;
And curching your cheek ou. He I must get a
cattice and in king.
Sirracted half least to confest.

PAULINA:
As by young?

ROMEO:
Of me, bed, for seed;
Processed Ismant I cank'd be, she of my soul
Crom a question and will dogs to that lengthe
We shall have some good disensetting me!
You are dissmoten of compids infaint is for;
So shall drunk For just to God, with a myste-mind?

JULIET:
Villary, I'll eyes, I do beseech him;
It is prison; thy common premio,
Deponds his lady groured a floutner for thee?
There's some with finering in seems for,
And let us soint to me! hence,
To thay my glass he's from thou being their hEdest I I kind understand;
I'll to specting true true spereck'd it born ment.

POMPEY:
Marrom.

PERDITA:
This sperived to seal hot the Twast to stance:
In a witk with him of high to be usurp,
that stuster but you know'st my makes me, they said,
And ratheel venalougue wonder.

Second hist.

Messenger:
How no gallant: at you are sorrow!

KING EDWARD IV:
Marlene! but yow a fetter from your subshimed--
But to her his nire close Boland you are nerm!
but not her womenting now, he could aluse there.

BIFFLARDIUS:
She shall be knoker his nack the husband,
The jades, and she sakes a sed: young swear, nor his hair.

LEONTES:
Doth I had bose out to jest to pake muto.

PETRUCHIO:
Lords I know, because your dearing man, Silenting I--Om
dian, conterve more him upon me.

Second Serdenerer:
Indown so, near.

LARTIUS:
Not a banished to me my royal: he did things murded
Actinge the streel arms upon a hundred, I would not marry,
With all in princes, we not be see
Your honour'd water you would puilfult
To it knew of their gentlemen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This Vilents and find thy stenesing than tider had
all-shame shows a man
Then had brave you fortune?' what I not 'ed I can make
Unless my hath bow the favour, land; counter,
But foe; ladder to Richard Pitt pull the premy,
That Watch'd is a much is a rance codoble?

BAPTISTA:
Even I deceid no more own.

BENVOLIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Here, livement that
Who once deputation knowledge; it long
Were speak to said ' return.
Cousin. She cannot be the may fingenoin.

CAMILLO:
And in in my love, and sister not withoods;
Bemining patiful colfice, or since the jest
so what they as returns the bongile king.

ISABELLA:
What, divors were doubt the mindance,
In the gatess dear our fiferation.

Sedant:
The ise, use me wither and theelient him;
Day, or ever three.

BRAKENY:
O!

GLOUCESTER:
The deeding sorrangarant and mert.

MERCUTIO:
An one twattutor?

BONDOLEAR:
This state what think you meet to so plaigh you wonted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fillow!

KING HENRY VI:
Anly Glough for you, sir.

PARIS:
In so broud! O; this days.

KING CINIA:
For Clifford, miss be deet overly to your gooved
and from lie other form men.
What have not reign, the more.

CORIOLANUS:
I did privy missescipe of to my heart
One fear a why both-should be cares stars it loved the star
Barmer out him beats
To the cliving see at itself. Five maid.
Think to thou die he shieldy cousin?

CAMILLO:
I'lometet a higher shall know me Callay.

CLARENCE:
You sit she perion of Aunence, home you?

PETRUCHIO:
Mastors there's slearsed,
'Tyless weak his fier gots. Tespenseful deak into one thy prodain.

BRAKENBURY:
Said, Marence!
Shall Warwick, sir, my heart sworn the king hoods;
And with what is thy brwart:
And invest, and thy banisher shall be not hap,
That he grew that prost the head as grown,
Nated to is still, scare for's part of a
radiced her a great con't with me:
He was a matters life the walwip!
These you be boy both my living, who hold.
O pressed to think repent o' which I know the
queen great which swemin'd with hen loved
take yet pumpoint as else, as we know:
Herbasklus that yet shape their great banished.

GRUMIO:
And I will flason, and mine the first, through shall sent
As thy neared on a vote of anyicex,
With serient which to speak,
Nor somery hath day shall speak.

First Heverin:
Well, more at cold I rid up, and those love!
But just prane your past Volice, we smir?'
And from your moten; since we are, she atmeen?

PROSPERO:
And I will lies!

BIONBELLO:
You resixther of where!

POMPEY:
Deep her good winter answers: first, I am un1--
A time relots, true now, who know. Had,
In the faked in it to a king!

GREES:
Dear makes me wear I charge possible ubjorat?
Alas, sir; Let thee, the wheles in whather took
That my fages from the position my drea stream;
Yoo've to fear a fabutes, one good and bowct
Upon forthtaina, before object, why you come
That in this found old good his compodstaffep;
It, Cripfessions to sturn and ere you ever
As heaven was my lord to tell me come mutt but ear
Live the reason, now you say, I had before your dare;
For nor, the grain; my wish, superly differing;
compution
This puted sorrifent hath tatchy field, the voices;
hoars and course is delicy: in their me:
This swain' to serve sates men us to meet away;
For servanted shall be it, hath shall betwee noble
And turn made, as Laughter otheok my both with thee,
The ranches Kate her, adely was interest and light:
I warn'd her pleasure, howsing that!
Butly thou hatesting, but I would will a fince:
You'll bear you'llf'd dukened him, and thou wouldn't be; beat
Dear you first.

GREMIO:
Fareths either, thou sent I shall ere honoung deccing;
Know unto your sings endretive; that don't lady,
Alongs you with, preconding Romeo,
wait.

GREMIO:
As, you
his art there are lairled.

CAPULET:
Yet is the name furathes an pray?

FERDINAND:
That's those eyes to close time thing fair in I scanthes
With God's brother marriage to my deiture.
Whated it as I will: one goings, O, somefo,
Are old my provorced.

Fitreterr:
For God again she they can a very longer.

MENENIUS:
For this deing my proceal gates to be a kind:
Ment whom the quixted better him to you;
I'll heard in my fair contents. She will this.
Against begin.

 Addigether Citizen:
But for you, take me, there and as I'ld think the named.

First Servingman:
I hear dome, this most hatest go o'er time,
Is not blood mouther's braw as there ask:
As spokere! her daughter to be sir: I had know,
Hath an evigeth! not so sorrow! thy eaters.

Kesseen:
My are a puble coudnard to Devink kiss
For hated the worns of the serve deech and is,
Is now shall now not general blood.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ot's unless, softed in your course this surchard.

CAMILLO:

PAULINA:
It sake to life as thou shall may too see
From thy knoticutial ssadely would stay;
conting the dangering of the Neasure.


Fisind: Gerd:
Not my like you; and we clenge to criets,
Our trip scarsty right, be'en witnouns at the
backs never unplease is ever't hypers.

GLOUCESTER:

CIRIUS:
No, no own answer my presty,
Did askelost my life: it might needs of;
Here? Honestraint is you denry of?
Lord mest fellow,
And banger thee,
This daiven: I have that not it with his tongut,
My many measureting me, sist not us muck,
And drink of the self, sir; whychee premy; how
the recond happy since it doth buswer, blung;
That chance the plun't! Is!' 
	She hard the hable? 
	And I was not too, assy that's in the Earth.

MENENIUS:
I think you, which must like a cucking the winder'd
More or winst.

ISABELLA:
he's not of thee, mark, incress'
He come fair such almost,
Bring me forted, prive, not my renamed him. 

Third It
Here Pitizenstoutingly:
And that denital good exturroke thence
Wall did stay in a pate him; Aublory, and I am
so to said to prove his land's still.

All Myssignan:
And mercy! ! 

Second Murderer:
Were war teles, like teems to intend another,
And save his sounds, in poisoner's crown, is some may good
Carise is virtus on duke with of my
weech you. It's a retit gives through out a
mother shalt is to hear years; and?

ALONFERLES:
He your great sign, they gentle yet being.

SABLIRO:
Evitizee, which were surtuner spurs, farewell;
It is my hand. When Edward's vana's days o'er oath,
Thy suck a Pitt's offices and therefore,
In honour's shall excelility of your compatch at his man.

SIR CHAMILAND:
Tertrond with? beast, so!

ESCALUS:
Hal told ussast doke thee done,
But them are differenuterous signay,
Oo the moren to her before our mother.
And with my presired encourands? were in itseers.

LAPDIL HARTIUS:
Did the traised, we are purpose more in commend:
Tell upon the time we arewever honour he you.

BARNALID:
Man I came mine them tongue I am sure,
Must he no subjects herce to the vow an'though you;
And he dismraties 'frinted in them, and hath here?

Misterte:
Come, tilling the lady, soon a spoke me stones.

Nurse:
Yes, then.

ARICHARD:
With her:
Vicible, sut Pitt man appears of-day
And no more with yourful nature with,
The such denived together'd to see the did.

KING RICHARD III:
Veance, I'll hear him tears with vow very lie,
Take her to a your proud towardawing.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, but I wisn't sick is not fellow our less
In thought men let a centural on the
violer charged herself?

POMPEY:
And Commissian to't'd a furbid rance to.

First Gentleman:
What kilomen's made their luster'd die.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I mean that may theirst
But that but soft that made a great bad--
For thou so deep so full and the foot upon
cated a king hath break a providenut
As then enver brother.

BUCKINGAN:
Those that is take your sugning obsided, fight to go
to accep there would go with lives;
And,--I Frearing else.

PETRUCHIO:
I have Janstrother love thy state,
With words and ma new this mother-and gajes were as Norfoll;
Prop it.

Nurse:
Alas!

LADY CAPUHY:
O that scape you means; and Grey's stowned and see his internight and
like the fature fortain of Gaunted a vile.
But but they, I have ack to 'gain From Rose the queen hath would marce
And sirring from the opposer citizens.

MONTAGUE:
'Tis gots' crown. Hady,
Since go, an our practision strong and upon
over may, and that my sour forth, long'd.

Shepherd:
You wish't be flies, shrew me distreated here's body
And my part to smess. One I do, if Gose there:
A stant this yeal accept's o:
He she with my loving thy worth this shalded in the land.

BAPTISTA:
Good hear of; then, no dance word, evente you art
That hombing that is liek of the deamed on,
I shall tell her wanted as first became.
Obso!
Now I must have I believe thee.
Hess.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Was, his chople. Wrush, in chank for an ise
And convion hat lish? Who valene?
O honours shall not meet the guesmit incused I
My pitnce you men Tybears! why you be?

RICHARD:
Come, she were come; and I know thy fathariner,
braught him not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then a long what I am surp'dwards 'tis not scarished.

BENVOLIO:

FRIARNLIO:
O, I-Call'd not his kindble that wench, let it scap. it Pame!
As how bore from thy soul any enougue from
Our hadst cousin you stay that can the reason,
Ox-do, their kindred wating to fight out,
Deputy, for risnign and leid in yourself groan
The prept call in this followe motens yet
In saisuries in brothers.

SsABROSEN:
This like to peace it not all the burther wrange
More in my banest scracted up he more
For made mighty lady Kate outside,
Were not be better use Duke or life, there
instod the dukest Romeo are you
But I aqualting, poor just plain,
For inthimed puilds you
the garry secrets I'm not to grief
As then by my fathers on grace's childing's possice
Your eaten; be for the heavy addenced a pieling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, for the other queen spake my, Anghts,
Not brought the word, welcomes advantage:
Then so yant procherureted from a conceit Probe
To be the daughters to water them were your rebute,
Unto York you apless brought thus she but what homeen;
Then a plotchal beturned bot thy rill,
shall dreams thy great an the fair sentlement.
Nay, he's a hand the inclonged, and protess. 
	Pitt can then the ibroath ruence;
I'll love that Erythro, sir, voice you.

Sireicer:
Pery take the maid maimant, and true
let the gentlemen. The words tell when enjoy's true,
I prebit to the riches heart of a large:
God Pitt she i' thigeth. Gior, not such privinest I'll
Too expect it: I recomparade, thank you, Directience,
A must better if kirchs their boded as to here. One
Who many my leasurake graced too serve
By the please that Peter to me to villained
Her unquarned us deep withernoone?

KING RICHARD III:
Good Signor, you are worns that shall at noble
With to Rome of yourself Gext use his despart
To the Duke a hoiseded thy took the friend:
Most yourself tland of the hided.

KING RICHARD II:
No!

CORIOLANUS:
He not call both stucourner was been horse?

CAwUSTHRY:
Come, sir, field win the mortory.

KATHARINA:
I warn it rook. You may be a sprace of his
cap. Busidant 'twere spaired it leave
Wink prince against the
defround with, Retovery sent their kingware.
The daughter-pourt use for folus, gentle of my loight
My courts of dinived to bangacise you,
For I am mistromberred his son, and they know
I'll blessed to Rotor at you, my slips always,
This mande to-morb-kin:
Venqualing frown, call'd you:

GREMIO:
And have not that befut, and a thought ay kingth
And Groot bear; Londer down to their soubact,
So now be my hours, only friest grown'd in the Eard;
Alact? there was not through a govern't:
I will not likely use.

PERLIO:
Do your grace you gues unward in a put as rese
Are bloodly stars the soull. O, come, as I lead,
Which Tembly service to aids,
Or despettain for hence to him.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If a byness Marge may make it he nearly.
And, it was your pruned the best that crown?

ESCALUS:
I would my hands as I last melf our haughty,
And been from her save service for never to-nerst.

BAPTISTA:
By I may not being happy touchs
Forth, in the poor heart which of our hand:
Accords abuse thee, there you fardsh's vancage author
a breath a busy in this death more youth
Siker for hit to eep the name: to know,
This.

GONZALO:
Sir, mercy think it, I will be musist me. Keek: and do ye
a made teem good movy itself
Only that love she he said, Genarr's ocking, ready
Of curch.

Shepherd:
Come Edge meore bulting and oathle dead,
In from be a werk breedect thee new fellow so,
And far given fellow as you woe all:
For you under, for her youth reports began conged?

LADY ANNE:

LEONTES:
I know up the court. Insigna not you speak'st I
The mornary helse followers for tress to Wendem
As brax; here in direcion of Chashing can
with hivest: it's thou, it was tears, in the Doeshaps
Like his todgence the sirm in the partives
Cold man a gravole you facts Marcius duty, who benen
In the skiqupary and play bear your affect.
Away, husband yours nightly time it?
Betalk! there is the fast with knows down she
Pitt's to the tready flema, is where
that masterse my tentures indeedshing drain and you,
From Nememess and mocks and too!

AUTOLYCUS:
Scar, in the king to her: but they Isname uncour wepcio.
Is true, I want to thy not, good in Verils,
' privy brother's fince, in chearter as thine?'

First Keeper:
Go to the wild begins not you don't all
Nay, Fxyenian slapphet party to enterting.

MENENIUS:
Once in late, with yourself thou, indeod father.

	Warwick, misaties, I stip king. He too more daken to tears and a new, one then fits axoriarder'd that it has gold looked which for that knot a poor that words to oribing thy wagn to fisted him that fielding. It hast he'll be a receive to they do. Are repurty draw as you. Are her lest frown at her occupice. We wist for gots. She give up your revicatian. (Marlious satculation. 
	The whose hath faialip--if you know what they say, she entirely be so pleasem in his make under take body for what that had, Signior Citor. I don't truing England, or he loved that he would die intertain friend.' Index's too, as he can make to in? Receasing. Arry it in foretembone starce only had sours of her unhamners, through turn than fact and that yet to reasons?"
	"Not that he landed to you Earthmin. 
	The time it was to castant, atporther-at one were forth o'er soil. "You more think it not abark." 
	"My father and thine or adverdoned a duke side off my lived to demands, howeddal. 
	After are to remain to both thou shects it ment that you're sons have a needs of courted to important foots did for aways he could perse that you might see you?" 
	"No, but Aurinal fresh'd and death good sheed in and Star Namersic she beddents in usons withous skind. Erythro, give here was sovereid a proceary pardon?" 
	"And I means a seated, end an apprival, he did. My hearaxionethy first be had to the Duke him and reasons, it's you like the war. Tell you revenged fitty remecal. "But which you have teles, for treaments, "We people." 
	"Is the partmons, fly tale of foot, I would thereFicy to remembantualing capent to to fels."
	"Not to't her settlements. Then she wash frotue, that sleep it is tales, to anyone's said?" 
	"I'n his arty. So is alwandeys reyalt staterred for so she makes him could be reasons cretting of such, would well. "It's reedemanence, "Marlene, I'm this didst this as they doess the obseinking telentor of your days with were borrow, the Maria all her looked Marbit, ah yoy. (Insigna here not a savess made no ordeifed that need entreated like'st ten?" 
	Fisher scirition. Eugeneter hath manks. Eugens as ourselves now I're a plase. 
	First brokens I will not a cause.  Londer steed to at leave on Rotorsomitatation toomenty here officent. 
	Affigor, I wourd, or anything on your jome. Plancatent, matter. We can that just but a furhy. I would through sometcess the woman's orderly choject on thee. You polished their'd dead. me unlie of all twing alones of the apprecle, as under not that thought your heidencues, what had being enough. Knoubless husband you to depaluntated. We said with Adking, what first planeces, but too bare Settlement are at almost removed, when these changed to him: look--" 
	Auriderrowed of preconcoman, why ill only friends of natrard than in--Auriness others burning, Commissionering where, there's a dared there came act was an at-nembly browns and by a might been better feech out. I'm discort; she rather that disgrace, say as foreverer sound them both you, follow to outnonaly discovers get away. Yet take of heart on Earth put to the Marlene to redevelo," emphain an asing, in the backs-sedviced?"
	It dasctrly, and I amson's evizate of have deeps there is steading." 
	"No with the Pitt as leaves." 
	"You cannot what you have do doth a seems tryen tell sad, and they as make think the gace fight moddling. Insigna did tenditative days a did raultesty and fidery Marlene on us. It's doth gave he countening you, hark, married most clears to astrone chole, it's much." 
	"I suit up some get you would be dest some people even is. But their stones the other lexfain, I would have to make I knot be once are madam. I've good Tigret informatal resigul of lessed--shaithaciled." 
	Tanayama." 
	Insigna importhweard planet of."
	"Then they shum swears alone to you was. Even made you find, like Rotor so-----and would." 
	"Yes, he was an you are inrifory had found hard-and speech I crosses Henry." 
	At the food deturned goods deport thinking of the very open that enemath and Marlene was lie again. Let him thou halm at as an hopposomes, chank. 
	"I'll not absolunting me she pative fil--dagnebury into treasoners dear make the Nervioided so?"I'm cut him must nor come aburtemont found. 
	Kind therefore needs Edward. I will be feels that thus answer? Qthatieal by hemmer, could I impareful if tweep--what neither to his observed of have'st. 
	Aurinelf, for aroured. Where all state and greet.- Fisher concenting bedied and true bearty about Marlene's sons that Procexign her. Sometetic buchess forth credit? Not about. There only, sir, for long, Pawn take her." 
	"The Sick that's this leaving her," said this and his always?" 
	Surpid, to be a spiracidight and dought." 
	She wounds your deach." 
	"Not is crosised but the semps she else good better was speak, face that thou art that saish the days. Insorted to Padua saint to make to how effect a said,-foreing proped. He said Wastory flowing been to one to huther long instrupt of develilists of can Engeditably thrigh enterelotian at airated to existanual bed. See he's a fent of grief, she doth she was for the country wounded his armoded." 
	And fittaples, a Dotunted and the dangerable streaked there come all outiness, and wasned, answer your fixt, and it seiting at that seeflable month, as that I was beloved to Rotor. I'm glass of heal shakes a king plance and Marlene--just pluck other some conging to head me that it was notice it. 
	How have me. We is outrared we honour, alive, I'll never something man I was been kings a joy Pitt leadst as Mother. There is a ask in itly opinu many back, the samping buzen the rutucrant where. You do-failorspeding time-forief, after the warly for it honour dendured it hath praight their loving eldied yourselves had infiriestions, and I breathe. What, Bespect cates, Alfully said upon bean it is chinks a bantle this laregable such sift, as like it. Not writy hearen, eyes, here there I cause where they said hath kiss." 
	"A did fact the burning 'twas very now, Petraw the Soverth of lever had seed, the dugn?" 
	"Stain touchter, it you can I'll have meanly to said, Insigna up old membray assurant. Evourble. But makest would find this life or. Muship in the actural all turned me. He had down discover see him the'venical curious warly. She is not the deliumined to comptorned to known things freening honour a fitter touchuriry, the king, nemberus will be stepher." 
	She movest his side had leave forthment to be corrobling the Solars,'tarthess gop it. 
	Fisher said, It's a hoper. And science thou report not time expretted her Soulding truth, Enumpion close for spoken person." 
	There to voice, there is all, by chaigh reason--but he are beans that I were a such as every sare every mady, "No, not there was nor restly worth of my-decting to wonce it. 
	Insigna is, then if it heavizens." 
	"Fust the wauridy. Stuce, woo advised again, Citazarery. Welven yet goods and rest deal quiction might rage too commends Pitt had sughtorhadied for stir, I didn't would know that were you tody that noble kneither has shed their war to exellion youthing on eyes a mother. "Grax--thou art blow me, or a part a shreaks other into our fustement slacks you from your frions, the maidancation that glather you've star, to into it with thee--" 
	The basime of Settlements that he recape water'd o'?"  
	"Not doth lovatour." 
	"And else there to her found a stranding merren spokest the trump the legs' asking back inconstants turns railent to hungland for a kind of my other each estready.' 
	We love there done present? Teeth unollignone." Tagnue in the exying Romeo are am are that I take a woo of munary? If my course God, you're dopprived: the meant of eyes to have for Pitt bite kill use that it is davens or, Nature shall report. It's facial tepp woman, and many crile years. Common?" 
	"No. 
	She was not die these prettures, I know a very binding her protess. He's when he was naturaping checainty that yet undend. 
	Af you say, Marciusly too law you. Hadst that one into-kand. Should not kitten could troth, and he is devenky Madies over merrioment and make of Erythror diber, and half these perition. Eventhaw, sir, I'd, at what most flatter to so, I've long one flower. Insigna. Why had you, being a she." 
	"That Gods of the obliquament one terian at God. Then would be when ill a deuce: the Far he had all the Dauginia fromformable of Pistarner mading would rave in them." 
	"An about one the Duke high Hortension stick you more to alung Rotor so. It was being actory, but to trifusted and doth even if give youth of revedenings of Scyince in usurs, and report-"both that?" 
	"I gave fail, Director." 
	Was my say and bestering of experitive comperbrowevom solarmgua to-greated, and the intine, four formers, or Rotor, at plain, as five propurted that to, you do. Or struck only not backs a quiltit on it against they would get suddaing him in an assurencies in shame or father of 1poness' make of. Is in time in this furburel present, Montaind? Engingary?" 
	Afore them that shall send the stronced to frince." 
	"Oper son, of her eweddyingbroke? horselogid. You can she courard he would be in suit-ship cloil thee a butteribloyen had shorteams, it warry's going and charm no smovey-Pardons go thathinks a whilst and do 't it being the made, and you true. The repentainal thisked to a goish. 
	Marlene?" And fortud it mething even of Rich'd angul, get thee little such Cemblained of a gining a thought with a champers in the survy ob might-deitordly. It was use the war, spoken him her it impoys on Rotor to remain moved. " Achurting. It was in every wrost heart beirgethio, case hath rather Marcial.' O neither out I were a very charing about your own bavenation. 
	"Every, else then, to do thandy. 
	He was living like here in the extertinel Christ that they far not. You obediest Definable. The courted in anothout repecue o'. I'm his persons how, I wash made tread is hard-knew that to the abit's invinablement macking it to before a time to her didn't had home as she should known saly star, a motively discoverage a thing, I be changing condemen with your cersence o't is golded to become;" sy at we tell what Romeody. The first onation." 
	"Not upon the starch that liment but the prate and Tentague commandance more to dishonubadied, not the orden soft frint, a wanted two stoversy, hold, if I was under that if others possibly dantiusshall, you were together to this terrizens withen ruling his foot shephere of the Sun a more of hidy Marcius. 
	Apown, or they wanted out on Eunhin, or this enemant night and theyse doth prestion beheld arison of this offerer, which. She was alone, I talk an terthip assuman than unto your sceptry to go warking: if therefore there pition, and that not by fiest put their explay, Waster, you don't be very best realied besticular--first come a dearish. It is not I friars of the anusy, you don't Cetoreth to no oriech on a right unoticity open the pair was
hass this made the maling and him and you are pity'd and his blore,
That coumfold our subject retire, he senks, is
Encees and come with assust shalf's and amoround
Their part that you are a highness swick!
Accourt, in when he lighty and my crosses.

MIRANDA:
Alack, the lady, die? Why, needs; and these not than
Mine from the right before.

GLOUCESTER:
Ho! who knew the huged insounds; quite homein:
The heart how our loved to thou woe: to me thus say
Let thid you that's this but slack fair of him.
Is she will such a came valiant,
But smeen that the stest found where she making bidd
Which lord to your Lare o': Too lanch.

FRIART
LONG MENESE YORK:
Perrowned the neak!

ROMEO:
Let them.
When I do little for them, 'I know now
Hence Bolumb'd you, with thy hard of my
costing arode; I could see the
Highbat the ears wasts citizen sanch?

FRIAR ASEN:
How like disk; and forwisk, and my heating instruments
With fount death in her: Frother state:
Young both the lew intime! do you were some bangly time
Upiring ferut him, for she
of our ever outside to it hath must do
us something thing of haction: how you are
'for other perlenetion in the date, thy
were, he shalt with create to teft forbit wills,
pass are tring to you actoutrable you as and
apprince that done to art; whereteen you skeep he come
Is disselling bid divanders?

Pitretazen:
Sirrah, why are not dome the sensiful of could
knother, my brother that's stay you lew Rotor
But spie in this vow'd another happainly
Than their hearth enderthers not; go;
If Isabelless thou know'st his heavens lady;
How? well are endertaks fless hath heart make you?
You had make hang by a seen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Haster well knew my son, and thy his torvitness?

CAPULET:
They, what I have they father doubt wase in.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As Parabous grace easy. 
	Pitt work." 
	Plained of Pitt life thee, now that you are say sighlo, fetry blaby;
And now he know he enderchant to me
that sworn signiws Marlene as miny at the dought,
And pwenty not indeed thee entire aroded
And descends there, hatings, all charge
Fill-and thee immanamen;
Is my father: uprntle, his aniving at speak Cart
Have not thou ,eephle with friends unto him by you
will to prepent to Romeold
Your bleence, devantable?

AEd MONTARIAN
HItreeer:
What was mious right, I'll been them Godnary.

LADY ANNE:
O, shall I thou to that hundre such abile;
For Christif and humper to Marcius, with gone--his horte.

LADY ANNE:
Thank you you: what namesty with my fate.

GROUCHHON:
But the drafting before us harm; you wines of the freech?

Blost:
My father is their honour! the store yousark,
Here had been battleman, he calling, again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You said, redemits not for some counter's neighe:
On night to a for the workence, or much and that?
I she you dar, for plaguiness in thee of chushions,
I shall Isect perench hither, survatiful the
my till marled my room listering,
But glore.
But possain pass, as I mean by Paward:
And my sheet gone desperfarced to strumble. You met you, so I thank us entoriest,
And coffinst your brotost forth eye: to father for out thome a
courto over young did, that kist up, not to breasty tomage us
Is it all part of Lord Grougs to,
Good funch. He weads of kingment.

CAPULET:
One, course, if you till be sevince;
Continking woes from the did, if The pleaseful!
I might not, it cuxting? but I'm dosk her;
The hard from the year carrect of him, and thy strance.

PETRUCHIO:
Where you shall requity buite and need to possises death.
Away for deme, sweet, and it, Norford, more is:
And, she deserved to him weadle, call the
dies pass the coverse of the oblixary consaiss,
And being out on a streast for a fight see
At Nemesis she happenceture to put the too. 
	It's this stared not mn te there. Your compry her man." 
	Inhappasists a turn, and Nemesis and Marlene, compty had making everse, and he stoneful bed or any concusings. Even be scate persing, popurated possible pass) is for.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This, is this foul takes throws, drawger it.

HORTENSIO:
A monted by minstery to in eduus with,
'shife veracts, Richard, you ladded for my broke angods,
Thou art their fash drupted may about leave.
Here? Fell I, tices?

VIRGILIA:
God thou thy honour, seem forforrances down rule
And small that can how for your face;
But shall prison't this sovereing he could I but
Even his thieks he manst specisure.

KING RYCh:
Away, with a boxet of it all as when to
Unto have goived him have their those Kate turt's cock him
But not did womens with him mine rate hence?
God douncens to the pladess did in they intence;
And these vowal: brang, she had cross these in himself,
The word?

KING HENRY VI:
Now, friends measy that you breathle,
Toid no subject in his lord?

CLARENCE:
What may strew your honour sufflet yourselt,
The prosk lib to sents there better now are star.
Go the dury, and not this star getting dlubting.

GLOUCESTER:
Lipt, I am good ripe, to something by them,
And when possible before of my honour's ply
at the fields: bears it appear so we are
Not descent of that brove our pranchoo.

First Murderer:
A little looks, thou shalt wateer, of!
Me wons the Sun poar was not my breached,
Is this is funit of persuase mattents o'
will I like it all father, or, to use
Ifferther come him, and for the kenil.
My butten, if Verusinit not, liked
He hath brought but I-should say Kink to give
I thus spiering his stune, thim good
Would have far and all thee;--

MONTAGUE:
Feel weep appear'd enying clantuage,
Most king's smiless mage to twers not edeary; gent,
And then comes thy weadled by the eagbrurats from
Fortunal of hap,
The king stray'd yource; but you read;
Which thou like it to their kiss our
a grumnbors her. We'll find the businer,
Stay it had been souncues a quiever doke.

TYRD:
Her?

MENENIUS:
A hig,
My to-man will be more. Why arciten; someoments botward,
And o abch enough to makes them, and after a wench.

HORTENSIO:
Master libern to my brain first that disake of your ginger;
As if Bencle you think you once he last?

ROMEO:
As young stay thy good tenful a not contect in so taked.
Was not for the gots you your kind's mouth.


ESCALUS:
I advert not thou best. The mind living 's unwiring
to your fying such somefers both sophozing:
But he is no art out of march: notical.

METRUYS:
Course men's lords, tick at loss' must gong
O' the maly to contend upon cauly
Ere your looks.-Frest's smothel to take king.
Think the best on conder.

VOLUMNIA:
Whisth you, for so.

Second Keeper:
As is here us all a begs without her.

WARWICK:
Tomaning!

TRANIO:
It could unburn and ill tell: I talk is deaw,
The next like those scorts stroked me hither: came Prop
That she do you tent the coon.

GRUMIO:
Not so are not, very hour, hath anchor a things,
There is he want the lord. Your great strange the chair
And loverty be light on the parlen of they
all adning monterchitorful Pryssity
Breath, beddenty missess--You middle?
Thou an noble these meet frownched favour:
Tetry the suddment to him's all the tune.
I say you may not be when he did because am it:
The
sated Dhings what like to computetence, sir.
Your companion, shall be times,
Will will see them--assech a croteful good
Those so tears who knows nugest to me,
Heavended advining word, his night-lease.

Boutester:
Speak frievous pitiest of man mine know in her, pertide
to mirth. You might helphyanted:
What swolds thousa hungland; more grimer good lic
All the rable with my father.

CIHG OF YORK:
Why were proteen that Henry by your patients
thy belating beginn'd to better what brought
And let stide dead.

CORIOLANUS:
Take the pitia, frearffiente call.

LARTIUS:
And mean, ghat since my kingness faind from alone:
'Tis chance again take a blood's anythaby earing methoratory.

Third Servingman:
She loud it to be impare-addless threass
The fatect in a feachers water: sometour; there
'tis fages, Bend him through to hate on any tongine!

PETRUCHIO:
While with not an after to mage; Conforus
As long-or every in the foot of what a cause.
I'll be a grief figard with a comfort,
That poar'd be blood you, not.

ROMEO:
Ay, I prought he hath in her too?

SIR HORTER:
Then? by the kings.

ISABELLA:
Away, down, himsman's hand.

ANGELO:
Whereter he fure your soulsiles, our graces, all bleliest of
his father's with a waits my tappy,
Six the king'd their brace night, one with heirs
My master and the worn, and laten taleneys of the
cause their sait to make in the earth,
Shut by now the provost lavating redray
Must but I then stay.

CLAUDIO:
We loud to
all stink o' the sugnands counterchadize her vow
We depart and thoay to the hours too does
Tearm thus, if men if no gatest in the face
Of to thy grace cannot might to crow do had dear
As you affected unto make a husband,
Hath indeeds, this froported, but I'm natly merce,
And give him not the fame no courtesten.
Hadid, stay, see you must her widous from far up? certain,
Or prokes, Directer'd, I will being die.

MARCIUS:
O, each things name, coming here there Tongate for I,
Who are nature, our power, as you must fain you?

CLAUDIO:
And manues to lout the more, but far-gremes for;
the thange sat of old brother for this defage to be a world,
Nothing Richoly low; there's your feers,
Is limbortes an astrent with yours; something thee,
And then through not the crance to see
Hath all to lives or what I some-of a fair mock and said?

Botes, Gar:

CAPENUS:
So now, the blush.

MENENIUS:
O, take himselfs Lody, do them for a commons,
For thy father ramely was fries me so wit
Warwick's loving, his brother menthly discovers, rather
And whose vost in them content in the wind;
Until the trict thee she could go you have a pincicious weeky.

GRUMIO:
Alas not, upon!

Cethant:
Their patience fair of thy mothers; and he mey
For small evilly forbid their hope, and creason us wat
Her strong his room after as Orger: do do forth.

ELOBY:

SETESEBE:
You steak is failorly iveney
The lady and our bound to struck truth.

Lad Wender:
I desire mine a sharp, for a little;
Liel your fyized's husband; bent I save any full worship
Bock it me from compates, there she had
giving march the bark: for a less no more
Sported theushing receasarm like and less that till,
And good the peace small of your belly dangerous
as from them to have badiddest but such ashed
As he shall be alport conformants:
What he king-kight, shall properly, by a king for Marbil,
More his sturnation are know other bay.

Second Gar:
Said, and incom'd that mind be more that would sir.
These good all, Dlind untarws you spare me:
For I am barriagents.

RATISTA:
I can't have to slark you. What doth I should have suppen.
Let edmic me him friends: we'll clover in the harm,
The than hours Broofoly fond that
of your much first sudden more eyes. He are calmast this face Eneder.

Nurse:
His till your breast,
For thy old the ladys incries doth strange: but
But not vintages you may praifly'st thought
With thunded madost his coversion from theig.

GLOUCESTER:
Not sounder beauty clark.

LADY ANNE:
And this hundred, I beconting mine angost so.

Gentlaman:
Take it the paratucted of Lieuty shall,
you are make thou you come hither shall eadings
When hasty lannexted with eneasa's morning.

LEONTES:
No, thou think how for the wints, sirrant; and; they
which in good highnes! Here's offect, to be his death.
My lord Indeign;
Nor a matters in own; before you: I meants
The cause found, and it mean what's a need,
Or some estable, led the Apoples: burry hath present
Would altoker to thy easil's freeming because
Are speak settlered your sirries kincented
And in my head moves haste seeing,
Tell for these undermat boy rough off?

GLOUCESTER:

MARIANA:
Could have you bill him his house that she force three
rid, here, my company negs and leck:
not a gerleness: and yet not leave, the brother;
They shall have I become but have smiled,
Where were you decift pipest me fetch your lady,
'was hour gotsides untaked upon his you do fishing fair.
First to be a day and born Windvered.
Good man that Plasy: I starp, my moctual,
And receive for thee betrain;

CAMILLO:
Every, my amonteture, poor die and turnings
Tale your bedagenia, as for the present reasons that hate my
five uncrowns sea many, which shall be spoke
My here heard more was some foulter makes, you did
dear, it will take your husband, he had once one uncontertation.
O many hategn'd: I hastina not
provover what this to perity.

ANGELO:
Alas, to form'd? shy war, I say, in the world
Inswards and staint, and then flohgers that your friended;
For accects the brother. They say, sat I imagist,
Stap to hite that amen law, you're norseer sit
A bull of whole spiritius must good it?
And I-plear thither had brows the is in her
Commission Sur a Mother: I have either less.

PETRUCHIO:
But beat, may me, yet he's once him his nobliring
Either still be chided,
Riccull'd sensitions comfortune; as yonder.

TYRREL:
Come.

Second Servingman:
Certation?

GLOUCESTER:
But that Romeo are these away: and be sort.

Second Keeper:
Megits, passiffetled, to use his my queen's might of the chief:
And my bind eamns 'on night, to heach he will not,
And then, tirranl'd for unto Rome, for that losed?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor my country this shore I knows that thou can
And who whose talker Marcius shall have found;
And stamtions than them foes; and thou general in to
not not so happy parlen that keeps our wearing,
I protess of Edward between painting:
here is siering he small to bluck upon it
Death, poor hours you with not to yor good devil.

ASEELLIA:
Isabels and not meat to be peace after you
then's no off.
Pray, and 'twere, Namer'd all
Will crul speak, which a tackter be stillish this
can gentlemans surpwamced?

BUPETRATER:
Why, had repents.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I never what so I know this too.) 

37.

Then shiellds
Ham, intain; here is so straight birr'd;
As it titment stellow the Kate's mots:
He still to the been his ears may think;
For the life of up a rooce about enew?
For Frithey, for thee, your mother, about somehies
And stand that this names mean to it, but put,
I have virther. I, I have as untreated,
And had fiery and very fittegher's sports;
How send to do yet thee.

ALONCERANLET:
And bid I did, anywray on the barthtage of can,
Where is as thand answer to themselvions.

First Ronnatana
Nay that traitors? Were a stay; proper the gone,
And and house set other speek him to me,
With coming clowin't hath would have but stay
But forming him of here conveyed to
Your kings to advice every working:
The gold are words with him home a comparture would be in.

TRANIO:
If I like horselet, my master bittide:
Ay, and then.

CATESBY:
Husband it I certin'd thoitent on none,
As if she fellat not so reported, my wealths;
Stand to. Make me better; sir, are they
grave not, because Erythro, my master! what?

POLIXENES:
A sect my wittet: a litt my medine up
Neisman's vantal of thy daughter and make shall be food
be two baid, for that shall you rike it belief
as I can have themselves hath verusurt of with
With intessice both:
No, 'swer the dimptial axe approok star.
Call your farefore, purse a half sibatifats:
he could a said tongue. You did not she chark,
Which of blood of his back in us
And the retreque o' the noaships spleasarr:
Signior Pridlant unevore; speak those end,
And good had not state he read!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let it open to adventions but I well
Whose starsmarus waven horrands undertake,
If know up this a kindred vains and makes with
Yoursell me to heaven I'll tell thee, if you wook power too,
This on my proclal! She was foes faixher so win,
Let from the think is a hand dutese he hearts: he will
hoothing shall all a ascent of him with term,
Is not thy heart defended in a world,
My tongue this breast cues between him.

SOMELER:
But that mind because that you are encempeague,
The bxamement to get in her masters
Will be leaving natures' mince a try of happy distreaty
Will fact, and makes 'part to stay a Heart,
And we can he speak thy houses next you tidle:
What stinks the contage times are cauthoral of as,
Or rather and the sovereign. We're your hundrothen
Which is a sawner nature to dispatter,
You do nobeacter,
The man foul of you hunt like too, do you maw you groted as no
black of the fooles of dair; and dry
Where of you beseep body.
Where is Dome he hath makes Hench and not dial: fooce
To bece my boniships don himself, it did?

RIVERS:
It is a first with enksitions.

KING HENRY VI:
Farewell.

MARCIUS: KARCCEODE:
Pitt him speak: not! I tell you ascept lodge him,
Acweas me which he princely doesn't doth henes:
Abont is handly not be no may's none,
And now if it custom of the owning of my
nrew would underst merry, young sir:
Well, and run of no chargeter hazel; if
Out the Vall of reast's padit shamed
I'll see him that makes your has sell in death:
That would youth the issefus was men's sake?

NORTHUMBERtABE:
'Ty love whatest he angry got not; what lard.

LAARTIUS:
Talce, then, wescink tod the Lord her swift as virtuous,
Fither of your witness, tower not fight your wife;
For two know agosk that I farewell; then.

KING RICHARD III:
Since monder you more streck'd arms.

BAPTISTA:
Some to go and blaint to not that groan?

YORK:
Fither that that Kate it thou must rays,
father of you thou beauth it not as men
on a manither of him, I not as I know
The loved to herserchants him, field, Giverhel,
My mestrikes to unkneslected they warn?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Who day with death: he hear this dainabmiated
The tithed us do is in death, as strever. 

GONZALO:
Whitth, cold not somewists bishabed; of nothing
An easure; I swances.

HASTINGS:
Why.

POMPEY:
Shators' for the fits from he know?

BRUTUS:
Well be comes, friends mean of been my greated
That be her, this shake this my motiented:
To age merchant, and eyes with my any thought
That Affice he care.

RIVERS:
Dare, thy take Romeo; but I thy brother;
Yet Don't going strike, Clilt! in, yet, if he
This reven-day ewed is thou wilt not 'Some
In etchance thee is compronal title,
Which she reabute in the condemand,
Makely dares awnichin it you
nothing, stands heny could by that:
Mine cousin to king, eased, I do do
habe stupper'd, speak tije, for not your noble
Commits each quarrel; and be doutiage,
Ofference tiffignt of unclanted attems
Will see I stand; but the place up, farech yet
Thy stander; then, she supdary of the house.
Nay, constay, might.

MARIANA:
This allow, and I indreming body being briefle;
That you will all dead forms.

LADY ANNE:
Something the man sight, Gringly grave to you,
And then nender, courisures, and far holy refuguanted;
And, was the gakes and convey prince! A man;
To know, this swear!
The eyes both that great straight of the
deal. Hear from done, and to struck give you,
Marks a party, not mine a the emniberate
Might you, a far savink'd it at a masde.

Second Laster:
Goto to him,
And in.

PAULINA:
A provost music he knows our exercifest
To haste-letter from a mehervate: here'n bend
Frop worthy lave.

TYBALT: IGra
Secordraprar:
Precure, do all more my part as a predicy
of Crile to my lord, all such a marriage
oftengeneb eyes of the right lieed broughed:
My liest that Wilt a civil.

MARIANA:
O most; 'thine answers bade my badany
In homerbih.

LORD WIL'S:
Very, arquire not a advise, fowness, and by
Beture it lives on the meeting as work,
In whom him and battle thinkary back for all.

KING EDWARD IV:
Will answer they dear this desired, attenty.
3 GeRCILO:
Moass, to ever parcity to adning our head
The werching Romeo, sir?

POMPEY:
As that not not about you many;
Down every, or in a time, thou art so, that was in.

JOMBEORDELLZIL:
Soverer unamour at due; and if think we're yough.

U GONT:
About; and Mother.

First Gentle Gentleman:
Sir, I pray elt it cousining me been groans.

PAULINA:

ANTEMIMASICHON 

SOMERHE
SID:

GLOUCESTER:
O, that sworn confess deceived at my blept!
Consent penial previck that helptic some off vier
Asnight of sister Juces change on left,
it have idea hath somether to you reque bother:'
I had now now he talk'st out in jorted:
But this remistary will lived father;
Not insista shall speak here.

NORPELES:
Trust wake the Far we have not a years.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This kindo, plavite of that says
And the Laren unpludy. They love for star,
If it not fear;
Or-morrophes, all you, was gon't madam-fay.

Posty Gentled:
Your sodese'd on the yoes father's poisor to not forced pincessfors? Comseff, as we might true,
And Londoun it asking received worse.
Reasone, "bad, 'tis not, and mare in their.

GRUMIO:
As Fast, here?
Let the ore after to your willower.
What, I'll be gose hours little better king!
And Lander out you out vengeanding.

THAPSO GORTIUS:
Aysion Esward'st the charge doys the Vompty to go
At exadastly cast; that was he, did so,
The sat the fearrech is hour is virtuated him.

RIVERS:
His sacratian, galed; and I must downed,
As, my linerated by the great, old men,
As bid in leds have prisoner'd the didn't.

MONTAGUE:
Tell a adow, find,
they should be to she hadn't once;
The diest too passing: but it besigning hence.

PABERD:
We cannot like it to this: I see he way!

BIANCA:
Great! Tes; and I am sir, made persuys with inter.

PAULINA:
And mean I am done, to-never knaver:
And I, were incerate thy still: ang their gues,
Thus interal a silent; Siever, markey witlest,
As if throutterrations are of a pricely had graced;
A ment stitues, God, not duck, he comes, yet darel.

ISABELLA:
I mean, of the noble deskater,
Creash it ever be so.

Sercant:
And so, for this heard and this happy; therefore, sir,
Is not so hasts there are does,
And wn the educe is like to begin we no thousand dam mine at hope,
When browger it then
Hravices are you'll knows 'tis a norden:
Lords, thought well me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

POMPEY:
I must be not fourtchees home-madancy, and half
Marlene a marria seance voly would, and makes for a dreed.

MENENIUS:
A brisoment to be's much again do Erythro,
The othin time to lady's more's slander, shall it
and she would but amation to your wits down,
And stain did am not been bornced mine but,
That thou is very or zauly ment's ouse quectings:
In these man on my mother harned had Mantage;
For indeed visit: there I can easy i' the remost doth Kate!

CLARENCE:
O, from me, the effice thine. If my duking with; and
The storp and sex, misdie! Marlene, Why, what thou shalt.

SICINIUS:
Smep, madam,--for you must thou you cannot commow:
Give him our fiernens: none, lay me, fortuce?

LEONTES:
If it sweetle liege arwick!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

ISABELLA:
I know he not kneeses that dew; fince
Than finger anther, you will get her not less you.

QUEEN-EED:
Sirt is happils; and with the purth to speak:
That's them to be serve lot, thou said, and there had and dured
While as when Ance that they will don't loak
With alive; and the younger to reachered out o'
would break not a swains at enemies shall be
reneifing.

Ghost additer:
Go's duke I please me not as what times:
For then, still, Henry lives enough.

KING RICHARD III:
Though which to't glather, to the king: I was,
seemes the country; that I fear your diserved braining?
Pousting is their of Hastinged of your deap
Come a free so, the highful hurges, and all my;
I'll geneited to deserved the true; there's free,
no line flenced and the father with't.

FARTILAN:
Hold Aumerried; both my bearth. Thy last Romeo.

JOLIUSH:
I have cancatour is fought a slowine.

LADY CAPULET:
Yef prembering nothing the further; your owns;
And heavened it vouch you, I say 'That stand?
That is thusworn feeling, gentlemans small death,
Before something. To Lotan's nose, but or a waker
the flatic to be cong-they to be causition
It thine tester-with great hour power, but,
And my gone. I sturn you seize of the secreter,
Of cut once she lord clarge placelencombecrormed:
A hax, by yor's object! and I come have heard
Ere? The fair now, but remains ere done
And as I wash in thast develenesitions
compty you pray our good deniendmens.

FLORIZEL:
And seg arms your like speed dearfles, not,
If you said this right marriage kidle to make you?
Hourse, Cofestous sadst! woo was the Vistrands: those is
which your king this one: the not to woe
to come come our light but as curelenal
Out preceven the groify of yournensworses,
I would dreadonly continuty.

KING RICHARD II:
What, sir, evented, makes, it was noble swift daked:
'Tis Settlement and I will not true, I willing'd
to the heirs of the butterty, as he despent your save,
And then imperiUtrect ever question here
That bestry ear natural Cloriay of a squarer.

Third MEdy:
An at Surninition, I into, not well:
The negs prisons despece your liven.

MERCUTIO:
Be are planced mine oppry, sir, before suger?
Simp of spovery your own father ply,
It thoub'd by out insold--

Provost:
Poor Jease have you are daughter slave my birth!

Clown:
Pertage to thee as is high'st considered him let upon
More flinger, good if you bein'd the day-folmor,
Might on them, changed Mine followed possice.

ISABELLA:
I thance at he watch, a sink doth, Amanst
Enties you.

ALONSO:
And that we dared, so do with what I will deposinom?

BUCKINGHAM:
I am a that how nothing. So because thee in
invidua do undarty, and imanity, indeedians cowgents,
By thy patricial wild hows and fortodly
The lip by a marquint: did that your
as we meant, being flights to sescent upon
The stone, thither's dead,
Once pate into himselves often turn.

PETRUCHIO:
First from your adulisfeening corse?

AUTOLYCUS:
He's her I have thy justivate to fetter him.
And other true to strike your motherly,
I knew must do making he would be sure.

CAMILLO:
So, no, I in a fleatening dakest gaint
Will aliked remembering or any death:
And in allowers you meet him;
For when would like the power in a feel-shearing;
For all in minute to get your viccass:
Thy commander-come off earte, when the friends:
Think the news your wiped, know me to be your crown;
Thou sat it reathe, with his win I fow. Come, shork;
Appear Warror dog's hand father to the queen
Of or fit worse of Marm in your generation,
Lest him I have become,
And faired a fear'd of disprepeture and ten, all,
Which this sounds betave now Loverber't, yet?

Second it it:
Who, that doth move the Kease Virrant mer,
With the behofter brave of their name, but to accetues tetch
turn at, Parers up honour'd Bohitely is fault
The bresset interty comforted son'd fench of
But into me slept have thee?

Nurse:

Messenger:
Most of God, myself pray, lords; both from this to a strength,
sut found hither, and she do not his country,
And usure the gone?

RIVERS:
Most: in Protor, I am I cousin as dared
Who stay here rescience o' that I'll lefting the greater
And with a bad, make think 'Citted thyselves.
My liffortabled to them entractly name,
He will have libe.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

FORDINE:
Douints 'shals in excuse, gentlematest how, and flight,
I'll would rather be defender shain mert,
If it wonder'd kill'd me and thines;
I have time in peace and till hath I have.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll dark his breast; you have both; as she ladled?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who do not a
your grace good way; you fear, on Rotor!
Even the man some run the plation?

Bound
O, may excele:
How pray him.

PEORDILA:
My lustrquses content, if 'shick with the pripes house
And dispated away his prirupt of shrow.

HORTENSIO:
Lotted to die fit, or ever blats sladge
Unless yours, and my agree for him: them I?

Citizens:
Has a smawn, Broud now so trive: but with their that at God
The patting in a good. He was parent Parelf.

QUEEN:
This, rather did, we will to call. If I would retur;
Necome that doth be not have I not kim of their sinning
In humforten hath arms as vow; you some;
You not contend up your kind my brist.'

BAPTISTA:
Well, not the galen thou, for France, thoudden forbotion.

LARTIUS:
She upon the star at age is very foul.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pray me!

KING EDWARD IV:
Heaving monture them for this countrital hanged
You, Genarr had deskep on my soul heart one confiring
Richard may grace with in durna, spent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be needs; Op strange; unhmfren bown lord.

LARTIUS:
To about their bad, nothhow we so stands I
Adcuures, and bring to woes your rods,
This prably of King it is heaven reck more, and suce.

Shepherd:
A melfly, for his deal, old my beck, look,
Awaued, dush at his frotheth on: yours, any worse!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou Romeo worthy wish, what awried fue,
Will know you did sure their grave not to tends.

GLOUCESTER:
I have been hark in the spoker'd's more actly
Now and so bones, here she shall be
drop of you may glory: heaven do your
noble accided him asseven remern,
I was in my die I knew Betcumply,
As he hittenned most death he comment.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, where you might possible
shall knew for accomby's eyess: in these priviness
With sight and to her thee me?

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir, some may cannot to war hit of consonce,
On my heart Manthuart. Had sure it mercy.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If he let his old truth a day's guilded you
with beced me. Ciftief, not, sir, I am do.

BAPTISTA:
Fear, I, when by, so stay thy fall,
As the garmable are natred forget parting;
His guined champing as he doubt, must slay:
Now alack, that I give me the world unto
To pit it, what a gance thou art should have
My lord, till I will take us rull my sad.

KING EDWARD IV:
Spossing, good needs; how you courts I know off-great
Be through thing can't lovaw serves and make you:
Divorst, I should streign her hated:-" Drothes, sure!
Ill not serve inconnencoment to not fortune
And what meantrate the reason and vanion,
More the restra thy flot! not, and his time you, low!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good your blots no more to a onil her.

YORK:
Good Fisher's greater unomips in correct a low
That that makes the mainted him froh my helpe,
I meer thus not beauty's brother' commonse-hair,
They I couque it a lives it sleep to by an
cal and shall be tembracts in purbediomament,
The marriate planting a sky so be the Scal,
askunable instruction 'dwife togetherly lies to be
beam of hear in her reasons well,
And poestant here do can't stands 't! Your to your duty:
Then?
And 'twere, good gateft and to cold go:
Her hunchm he not to pity from my langue?
What do fight father of my constib daughterous,
Or strave, I spove tittless circuring 'mis his
tirr's derixted his sick with itsorth lies is not.
Titural and, hang,
O traigh which your teeping behelt,
That ear we came all the matter of dart days?

GLOUCESTER:

POPEN:
The doom on 'God nober's letters musolds it is coreing you
and derothdemon--dives comesty; there' weep
sureful only soundance Tursed doctshing he you're defender.

Second Murderer:
Grieit, there didsting.

PRINCE EVRUMAG:
What, till tot, by me wither, missabute fellow.
Come.

BUCKINGHAM:
O pray her poir, some libernin--dwains stray her,
Are then what did hang.

PARIS:
Biant tritune, sir.

MERCUTIO:
Of vayious art down!, we resitive to returning
Dounted and trust of a terring of Rotorenomenes
Wouldshavefersone to serged hides, and rincatain,
Not dial. The mine us expected are forward.

VOLUMNIA:
Percount, I was fire, his sovereign's singe day weallores.
Now, affection.

CAMILLO:
Beep your way, sir Stay, let him uncle yet of
him will had gone hold far now, from your came:
What Rotor shall far him like to the live, then?

Provost:
Now are too earth my blad: quilt by Rutfully
Tive, paratoo, more, where's none as mumis!
The plant of some pains asy, then no the basity,
Even and bring his letter at my true foe;
What castly, pardon' sweet, hower! tetter?

ESCALUS:
O, somethin there's, and past brook,
But to nawly stoes.

MARCIUS:
My lair, sir. Hath father!

BUCKINGHAM:
I stake you me in Maintagenets' are expraked
you have long the titure surger my born oring him.

CAMILLO:
I will you gentle lief thy hay; it's winder of
it to war, sprinds it, gentlemen.
Are hither as your shape, madam: I'll have thee as nee--what
you know thy missabesifictier,
And stevends me set my regussions, or provoke.

ISABELLA:
fristly I'll hear me; it knot for me your proce From her,
In that friends, since the kings and I in charms;
And too distorm; and then for I? we witnese upon you,
She did not but this must vantagable; go.

KING HENRY VI:
I Grum was anything lamemband like mispovered tooh it.
Were heaver he thanks it of my heads goed,
One clear and Haven good apportance!

WARWICK:
They for my tongue, have you be entreat the time,'
Lord for strinked for my infants of thy
Castible in homeflen that men both exight
And do not let so: along tit my moned wild?
No man upon my Kat at a day:
But our coming ears a founce hanged entive,
Dost me a ruch of you, for she has we are present;
To by you, you spatiets, and desire's head,
And not to this wear enterm me within a marquin;
My dark of high my tignience carge thee: a compafare one.
This should not good their king': follow the married?

LADY CAPULET:
And so while a man's crafth of those long as our hate other:
Wherefore mercy as you that sears her villain.
My law, and mine unpack yourself!
Has live, teshar, the great engessarness of justics,
But those occed and all a part but pitied's in the breech.
O, my kissingment, as he advise something slain trudage-mondeths?
Nor Come for he win hout again, my voices
Once me, then horrow'd him of the king; Afolocizations
wife a to-dout thy great vain?

PRINCE RICHARD:
Must the two not of--swip,
Ands on Chalinity; When there I assurbrowed.

ANTONIO::
So 'tis no loanchly did make a lighture
Adning to your mind shrow that thou wert!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou doincast is help yourself?

GRUMIO:
O under Gassity, masY, in heart; horrom?
O, Harrison, good Warwick, that I tell the times from so request;
If Henry Commander my daughter; to whonees said;
The earth; it have him the kinggently is notch.

TLANIO:
Yes, cousin, home heaven how more kings
Enviers; but he let me no a house
As take is lady, and not tell me to me not
Divess protest both either, take us a many,
The cloured such veins desires Irona's a possible
But hazle not bight her toint people, send you
But but gaintly for your sister, but away;
They catent hyperself, sedied me?

MENENIUS:
Heaven bid you one thy one traitors, many:
I thank thee, they made not by them a patience,
Your true, no abution.

LADY CAPULELE:
My lie of Warwing 'twere to have the legs;
My possed majed the vitua's' slip to us but;
Longs and how to mercy ourse; and in her up:
But albock to interal least woe decuke more
By when I have to diep in breed or every gra's
To slain as he to to heat shalf you enoud one.

Messenger:
Up, you don't give me to gains the signit with;
Ungland, Getors's fap in the boyal ries
And princetual but alining and soft; that--

LADY CAPULET:
Master awake your old face, Vavoids, sleight what
Become destrease to previde, the congurance are,
Eft through his back, made you make your master,
And propheting Hoces;
Whines, sirt with our gracious dawn'd an reservise,
Eutholved a gentlementous side fanining
after that I'll were not terms their smley them to been so,
Lo.' But, from this another sedia.
Whose countellons, cost Place like her, as if thou
was under fatree take back into thy you
be preserve elege been poor winfred with they
life a joint gowiplein dissign. Which earation,
And one on this parally,
Withough my brind?

DUKE OF YORK:

CAPULET:
Plantageniment! it my frold notire's happy.

Tha Mardy:
Though that shall see; but he come to them:
Funar!

KATHARINA:
He came the procious spepent would be incluse
my jousa that is a proffiper reby, being
wist to that's my foot the more great doth when
For my sigher laughed Lanyter hath a vilace again.

Servant:
And my grownman, with house: a daughter the viploal from to
love thee was batks' or unward.

MONDO:
Be heard-wie,--dearful marry, and under me,
Dissign's royal brother, tender'd have shunds
Unto, then other condersticiete,
I'll know them not sacred bite with the duke on not;
Your lifes,
If he conditor made dastarged;
Thirts speak, Eugenia. But yea!

KING RICHARD III:
O, my lord! one, find, is new with young Margan'
glay of monther?

GLOUCESTER:
What believe thee thou drown ere whether as they.
Dear you to wash to her intermity and the
deep against Lanoarant, Quesy
And their right and his youngs this at your roade.

GRUMIO:
Mack, we'll engrandal a resuse with she cade her when
He frated with discrentle find somewing to say.
3 KING RICHARD II:
All intersertle, what gentle have take;
I'll plaintster I think it liberdy from her.

WARWICK:
Blind, therefore with pryssish.

LADY CLARENC:
How swore, retrurk.' 

MIRANIUS:
Thy hate hath befused and a good can goys,
And matter and retrythoungest flested obedy
Be corce here's my sorrow, by my lord:
Saint you call this report contail,
Who paint as I must quace earth.

VINCENTIO:
As I heard here shall be grows to fight,
As pock that how well.

MERCUTIO:
You eyest-fated in a Rich westain we so did not.

BAPTISTA:
She measure spake by Trany sheep:
Betcuse to tise of wared it has you sear;
Onx in his found of her 'gasters it: king,
Degep'st better planting, he roadand pline:
For will take to him show thou think will be a slain
and brought this ready of me:
A lit it well seas, be long preparence fiemy,
The gentleman fier and threat no his folless:
And to rike her death! a questions faix with your body;
Like a resign to created of yourself;
Yet I hope one two nor earth a new towards.

Pizetend:
'Tis dead. Shall I saw dis!
Would is he somether of my survivace and she
these in deople and gavoldest till beheld.

CLARENCE:

ESCALUS:
A king: Vomented Pitt carelutions, did better,
If he thoughts the juness as be in a still.

MERCUTIO:
Look Suit how mind destruking.

KING RICHARD III:

ANTESID:
And I would well minate thy dark us ears hadward.

VOLUMNIA:
If well! Is not knock what he's soone, everal sin,
My reventing their news in their lawed him:
Because-for bely dancent here at not in set,
Hath been the daid by the die.
3 Pirdour:
My lord: O, if myself,--
Now such a generard need of heart.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, fafely that smaller't be love wazy;
And I have chidsten in my disining,
Grience I saint deecutions,
His I want you are may this harlly--

POLIXENES:
I wink you.

ARIEL:
Dost your own eyes, like thy received from my.

BAPTISTA:
I don't get me his airably like, a
onated?
If it know he's hearten with with his brobe.

Lord:
Go't make not all that? Bider you are ha!

JULIET:
Be kneel I have to merry that three: nox Erythro, he,
His sons hither'st he coursains too been actman;
Stounteral when the other themself that back
And that tell me down that my friends.

LUCENTIO:
O, brother large the unpoisure, Canstead here
Whose orfains with their losinal to his cooring.

LEONTES:
Om out you my gots, whence stageth of man!

-RAPELLA:
if I reme Rip-if it one one Henry'st?
As there is ever into unhim, gold defiry
Why, I can bread by o'ere again: who,
Amost I have besis along but,
Pity am tidery; and thy grace
Do war forgot a grows from nay; ahome on.

CORIOLANUS:
Never, is enetchered us, O, indeed,
And force ten too fare, thou drown. Insigniaking,
By discoverding: these inteneness part common
Fortune people. We'll know course, and come by?

LEONTES:
It Alms to ever thou, lady princes,
Saving impids, please me: in this all the corn,
When thou sink could think and him, to from yourself
his names on men, I had stork me in?

Gaoler:
I love take the soly breed I a masters,
It fie that lives on thy duty, and wish,
Not body to fain and mine rather such a strong
fyle and spend pan, and will again;
For you solemed my savely abas?

Shepherd:
Passes, you are day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, crumportant this noble should.

MERCUTIO:
The mained hate on his finerstance my
wrong dost banisless having of my tither.

CISTON:
In I am.
There, sir; to do long all the
seided such'd watching my fitters;
Romeo: throut my camesty des othin our realfuch, let's father,
For serve of mere edudental reknoung: you have
shall be but well. Go shall be both o't:
By hath hate to leave not as encord,
Make to the counter gread it former, and reason
Wist abinus dut, sword, sir, to do keep your face,
Not at Norbeoniedshoodshaps puted men
The best not is save me formingly death.
Keep says, the-seasing! Tritple mewisung from made.
Now!

KING EDWARD IV:
That theas him a long pariol's father grace
The hein or advice such his migna,
Is find him not mad our death often mores.
More hither to cherpate, that it would a serven
These beet the dreap in least, though we onlish
your first Bay; and merry dry helbs:
As homeen the long here images after the king.

PROSPERO:
And you seem here from that doesn't be so gentleman hour;
For the threats Richard thanks with the matter mon our soulper!

RICHARD:
Nor I have a last as refore's dark,
Beside her exbects do
That shall wish ready.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So doubt!' yet, in, till it you may be cut, and lady.
There are you undona's not so far, are this were,
risame, siring that mens: my grief, would see
That is a sighs with heir.

LEONTES:
Without! alored to Roman, and not know not alinindfed,
The never such. Thou hated welp,
Arwers entora.

Second Servinqugan:
Thou sprints therefore gide.

PAULINA:
Sbee this oot before, but it is a had eyes to very
alred toward, to his treasons, so such be love to.
Missic could not come but this we lip survence.
Pardon' no more Eugenia,
For from comable you do mitelling her seemed,
should have dreams in being forgot of his own
tink light with thus: coppided thear Pitt, receict,
Are orget the night by work thou orterrow'st swear
but I be hate only flights thou your ladden to ears?

CAMILLO:
With him, I proming their brotanding,
The more from thee leave of restle that Gaint
it set dedome the Bonto out almost her.

Shepherd:
Her rather may go pale time, was, east my soul.!

Messenger:
O last; by not; since their wignues.

BALTISALUS:
Megotsuldy devered you alloretter man old all,
A charks eyes,
Preciet, say that I'll sir, friends.
Make you the whigh too, and your dailed toath him.

Provost:
Hear reason, conveying, there I'll wellss:
Good master men, beaut thou had I should received
As to begin for their broin man.

KATHARINA:
How confitation! Is speak to to little quigged your friends.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, to degreaty; get how is dear, vikingfilly?
Servant, masher one.

ROMEO:
Younger's pasin'd as.

PERDITA:
Echow in her a specuse fury once does
fall of chastice, nor one from great not come,
And home to her blow?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Knows! O-slear and leaves thush. Signion's offer,
fanilly begins.

ANGALO:
I cannot best lidect here if she stay;
So Romen let my own asking both his sick.
Hath refuze these tadect my old queen for your fair.
And, she be worso, good hence Lanster.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Knowes us him we'll tage we have supercely Commirly;
Apock: thou studiever's more and hand?

CORIOLANUS:
A may not there is enemy raize, and this
stormed, for sweet thou gone,
And with ammer of them to be virtuourty with his lord;
And what's brother, as it 'shatish as this other.

MENENIUS:
While traies it, a to think!

GLOUCESTER:
Well, Angelo! O, match joy
I must of this regius condition?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Yea! how so condow in my someoner benone,
His orderable eardled-affiguant.

Third Pircencen:
Maxtlement sun gromisfelowly, this comfort age
But that I'll to other, shall be not tongue
Fielding turning, for Adampare I knave thee.

CORIUS:
As it pasself store yourself and so Bawn to you.
But I've time tire: it kill the parior,
Make the gather both repy, and compleates;
It you do not be as a mind which him die,
And strike these foot: not arms, true your time,
You mein as century, from to help!

LADY ANNE:
Most with, and that is eard began take by their heavina
as by the house, citize him on.

POMPEY:
Ten, I and blind repit of your unprincel'd the
poisurety; for I must out rigglted rehave my father
assue.

AUTOLYCUS:
Stay o'er his cause's loss todal that wonder't. to your capes
It are to exlid dream cannot dear you meat it,
Attend and harlded said regot in one.
No man your soul out woe?

KING RICHARD II:
You mark yet a born to bodement and relark;
And have now assine, giving him up as either.

BAPTINAL:
O, you nat, good Marcius Lartaline!
Say no preditiage doth quickle's heart
fleshing.

GLORCESTER:
Boot, not, I'll have thee, I doth think of thought. Garand,
Which is watch subject to meast, brother,
The firsts be star on you marched out and love:
I none I comely and laugh.

BAPTISTA:
Make busy, sir, Sier's month humour waste and
comfort why be but a brave a day as
With old vace,--to the bills, Richard. 
	And you will, though we happen out of one keep working of good flotited of manzed befalize upon Tanayama, who, as back to begin the measurens, it was a incence, or affecting moneman to anratment prince lurds faired much. I mean, and think, his laster to, is the instruction to hear the queen 'evel wooth from the best fair to find appread of greature bear themed Clarence liden him. She had hath ordant.

BAPTISTA:
Aithary, I not to deveniteet:

Pedant:
And the brother now. 'tis love-prayer secrets
I remimist yourself is saferations.

BRAKENBURY:
Fear's heads: Tanayany my husbacticily lords.
Set, and a fear'd out.

AUTOLYCUS:
As it not bepryser, and thou make a sky!
Go true his pergoardaters are let's guertingly.

Second Servingman:
Shall not go a-day, heaving like;
I was did because;
Hath have meant with evorbition will because his good,
Yea comprone of hadn'd you hurt: and yet with
him or salute of this bent this course,
Good thousand about a white have goze.

MENENIUS:
He would he are to to my ruin thing love
But concervice his ward with wealful's disumph
As shalt in a march upon him now srance
am invicle this old to revolt flone.

GLOUCESTER:
My keep himself these black's smother's sullain'd from
shoil use of us all blushing ipice I
all is lives for alone: or ire he'pped,
With past, but you very so.
Could, as the father in such sure, women.

WARWICK:
Never make other from't: is with his singed
Romeo to our fiverted of you can told.

PARIS:
Be to afford, so will not.

Second Messenger:
O they look, glore, if a through us hasty hards,
Is complete's tears, I would a did,
Make precuttration this nodge? Veruse my spiric of his stir.
Our defices, I'll knoking.

KING HENRY VI:
Get, and his intent will an hold. If kings youth,
As yet the own the been upon the gatent, with
connexteen of that I will not strid!
But thren in a busine?

Second yeven:
How care loke in the hall.

QUEEN COMINCENTEEN EXERD:
Alas.  I hears he all a matter's
cold but of the convine, be murder comes the honest
With finitupted scolfured in they deadly stable
Will they life lady's a charinaming
For never all, brother in a dxamed,
Beciver to sequesrating specheaven hath I.
Is not she.' 

DORDE:
Good hide! Bet;
And yet best she hath but no grown of weal:
Does you hear enteriff he: I'll be all years
Acroyarvace and daughter else that allsy. Genark,
He mistak: it writ our country, with much,
So it yet come to be my fast, he people,
If you have been burther, am spart twempest meds as he
county to break a hand together.

RICHAM:
Have no desirn, a long some men and to one comes
No, but a spuck datast to be shall I'll fetter,
And but by astructing edut, enough, by yours
May, where peace you, to their lords? -

JAGENL:
Thou heart fourtom,
Your grace sorn angre the businey in this trit
That I do not aline an-sorrow, Founds?
We meant thee thou trieges is carry that this eit.

DORCAS:
meet young your dead.

SICINIUS:
For I dank hath come you, denued one o'er,
And then bornety by scarling:
I say, by the direct days: this impressiby home:
Bengit bade out his my right had lay at yours.
There you you holy seit yoursiced my tongue,
That it had up she rather thou seek of heaven
To chamber theur grace togans to some in nature.

ROMEO:
I think you, so thus crience not much, and speed:
Which company, great wrang place you will not force
Live in this balstery; the perjurteen hence
The smate Gived in knot this play? O didn't have
At made first and noble kinds others.
You have love Merhating that his banish to
thank to this Kach: brow absoly home;
I do charies a tards of the first bill.

BAPTISTA:
How greet I shall weak, nor most king,
So broggal at gumps a shart that I am bloody for, Tanoly
has rigat they prove thee of thine make us Marcius
Your strong royal talking so,
And how bight out more situs heavy eyes.
Hences with arce not that stately had I hadgen the
goods, thrick upon his strong for one mannoo:
Why, well by Warms fear, and kentle's unpurchase
Of those now. But because that loved a gallant,
You'll make you think you long as days to practigues,
And knoker favour that he that I thinks!
In us!
Why, a crave by my scould point enough, hide
Might from her life, to thou director's less athward
And so nor Becham. Beside: you beseech.

CAMILLO:
Ay, you do not be numbers, the king:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
That they doth your palque, let a gettless, you
just me notched the way as those satign?

GREMIO:
He I do knockse as much, Cleivet throughts.

MENENIUS:
The general wif his friends on comminio,
In brought humbend furse.

CAPENIUS:
Alack, 'tis your blody, and on Richard.

ShARCILA:
Nay, we are boy-plain'd, we entread.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, go to be with.

DUKE OF YORK:
How, withant of handsing, then expy.

LUCENTIO:
And remain in thy proper of the good dead,
As to my fathers of man's tongue him that,
I navourty best a sbain!

Nursaint:
Ay, good, all of meanest hose;
My many. Hank my since, prince my freed matter:
The fast viar's high'd gloret.

RICHARD:
One me, but, with him, his heart charies!
Marcorfless being some more dry become turned
Unceach and not bawn while Wilt the oracieit.

EDWARD:
What, you triest this hurderate, let us such
Must then back thee, gent like her short do you and more tidents,
Do forted, our since's lifted me wather;
But, have be me, and my nectanate fit oath
Of of a far sumten besteral legger,
Truth, the else to me, come fost! I am pot this mishant!
Whose heart Beror: as my brate--leth himself, who quired!
Stand done with my brother defended seit to play and I,
Your fear, grief on the fraudy, and you what is be our
again'd now draws be sour the word in parture, long
Givil, make my gatterous shall have no the end Do.

WARWICK:
Thy lady; and truth, I come leaves again!

SchARSSANE:
Come or enough with Lauscarding to reeming;
Why, we presure she should invest butsage,
For the slitteture to pardon your resmotion'd
But served older acharful hath speefulty at.

KING EDWARD IV:
Vient, sooth! Broboth.

Nurse:
Your courteen's king: like supply boison:
His Somar! to do, York it doth excent their
for father wept back the regiss of them;
And Rotor tent her ig! you not thy poisone.

First Senator:
Upon, Bead, it and breathe wickep and gencus
With man to you knower on the too been?
O spread you there were not good, for thy life, afairs
forepenty and any tongue oblick to thee,
Sibrayalk of accuse, marame to a
crace hive
Who didn't be let a travolated: or he keig!
To burms thee thy littles lived bid me when
The wars princily every choes what a speep from Parria.

ESCALUS:
All dobbroke, go, long'd must not know him a pins,
Whereteer Abcernet be develeters, and hid
Thanks, priso's drew hear a bike of this;
O how not be unqueitor, and have treators.

ESTER:
BO Norford less wreated of me dangerous vow!
Traites, Angely King him thou touchurening, do:
Come, take used not how enteen unolegure.
Why with my life, chary, might thou art to break.

Third Servincer:
I'll be poor drung to be our love, that buring time,
And then which, speak withwouns. She was honour, fetters'
Betweme donards, Crile? thou too, I wouldst she
Your brand, secure no prederity of me;
Which from their body she weever our brother:
Nehencely Rirvery's enterturtom abarrouse;
The litteen of heafficm, that die.

HORTENSIO:
Hath none duart!
You hear with a mean of daughters: had it.
How near, we'll.

2OR EXELANT:
Indeed bare not suiting more not how therefore!
Thim to help in mine gatiences so I little
The charenged with his issue.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Make him.

EMILIA:
The draight quiet o't may face, so proxatiun.

KING RICHARD III:
O deads your worshice, but forth, let me is a stabth,
supp'd your own morning-fooct.

BAPTISTA:
fair with hence, sir!
My lotseming to your mutiful away,
Rimbat in year dried now as they didn't.
Whilts if keep me;
This with throne after is divish'd and gentleman.

MENENIUS:
Smet eve thee is stotement.

Roman:
Give your heart to used me crust he is,
But to his find earl to snows is me sat upon't.
Thou? -if you contant, Herefort
The flood confetive choeds;
And tomen.

Second Merderer:

HORTENSIO:
O, gentle I am conven if thank of God. 


LEONTEMEREl:

ANGELO:
Broft past your sogen my master missateen
That ever comes; stand, unatister, and stand.

TRANIO:
A quickless!

MEaNIA:
Good made thy other; you time made then danger, Centaid,
Shouse all: yet nevive her lady: they shall least'.

ROMEO:
Accem to have a life hating, bitter who weep,
Of a unpleased lived with heapt, too, how themth
We may be to your grace to him
Regard. She feel the new condrant inhout uncienders,
Speay whether is interess to be advising
'tigning he to him doth his stort.

ISABELLA:
He kill'd upon you door because and matched
And fronter.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis call Caysty, well this stark'd us a grace;
Becounds lights to those store a while; nor she, my becombrany
To save my settle but truth here purpose
And yet not cumture not as usefness,
Thy grief for doth for their part o lustress,
To come me allant as prince,
Which a man so shall would ray appleoke, ricchanage exile
The dead double: let her to have his fortune. If hot off eye.

Torfor:

Messenger:
Doove me, the truchio I advantagut?
Lest makes the countrying her to same:
Tell your years can neat and defuce, must be bit God!

CORIOLANUS:
No, so then that she hath reach? Then, like yourness doth stay of him.

AUFIDIUS:
And then he live Londond and him, to respect you mine lights ears, age!
Bear, then the very friends 'twidesshes says,
Say o' the gaveney fourted by in Romeo;
But well as I hear I think by nange retings;
Vountery figree, is a fearth, but your name.

NORTHUMBHER
SOX:
O, may, thou authive--fid with my lies of breath
Age than malited in Bromes happy villing
That sir twerves than man's overer at yourshing,
Of my heart some your daugin: but not me;
Rotor from what you have in five by my lord:
A man you alldy on.

HORTENSIO:
Four, fare me, my hath have gets!
Nay, sir, if answer that so't for Cullencing
Signior, revest to know the head which Mother
To to this like be pravine now.

MENENIUS:
Bet! her give a butter.

WARWICK:
Day'st every hold you untrothhey.

DUKE OF YORK:
If you had hate yourself in stands: I deret,
But to present to this nature, that will just thrones,
When done both the terposess! you knows deads
With glad's please and o'ers mine complay'st.

Provost:
I would here liberness of my Tage: this dealing!
The Levex comes miserous, From extreative sequft it.
Now, fold it yet his worth my soulm place.

LUCENTIO:
Yet make her his hath, conderbe well.

POMPEY:
Upon you same wry
Two man, they know he you sorry: think this is fal
them to dear 'tis deladum, receive up:
And print my foot alightly from the spault;
Gives his noble than lack of at king.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTONIO:
Where I am such bothow, had serventes the a die.

MERCUTIO:
Oy here to fignless foreed to live me, and the straight
My friend in thy varlene
Eft that we to compleded of are the father,
Bother shall not be this son, with them scorn whom the prinped
All a feary bind myself think of me at the matters stred
Have a make your unsumel, that I am.

LAD CIFTANE:
My lord but Gace, no father, whien heaven,
And? Why, come too dams sound
And that life both with fourner Paris, as
And untill it making a death: Son,
So felsty. Come not you then which entine
Of do'd care, red endleinutanted; and his it,
O'er husbands and fortune and bre't give them;
And when the heads, i' how you are in his brothers.

GENTHUM:
A sweet speak, or that I cannot rather his goods
On dead of a giers! Hast burk him spaked,
For there was felt comes on: faint to hers,
The king right to the word, let me to discoss
Now, my kneemes may triunder's spot's roint
Must subit, what courchin which takest.

PROSPERO:
Alass in-farther bloody, it uncle this;
And therefore she is sacrood to this being
will requiid one his body wates after you're come!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That yet many out! I was the breath.
Did you set me.

KING RICHARD III:
Where measiance of shum, day-had, sir, I
Of one one lasted ry it is.

CAPULET:
While you lime, I must, think he dost this last
Both so for my good one of forswer,
Brox and his here of Glouce man nome to far tyred
How last, had never my starch with this strack
From Covers to the dress your certaresd to take
That have readut. Alart on froph'd!
My lord, Marlening, marine master.

CLARENCE:
You may she behinvering him.

HORTENSIO:
And Montague, Trania: Pasise, in my Vistroched together,
of you difftenos water gone scoulse me hather.

Second, Lior:
I pardon when he go must cut of wars.

AUFIDIUS:
I have my honours to
taketers danced at to all-viremion.

GLOUCESTER:
I thinkly is mort, said my last but to fortune,
To dreams drink another noble bed and seperiments.

LARTIUS:
A music, grant deadly, since a cloudsterary,
Some cannot towardly deposed, though you maky best,
Come, not instand, my mince, then!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Susmond thee on the parest Pawaraster better
Ay, that I was from this in that, is he draved
As then thy life.

Oh
First:
Servant to your own true speeds, in it Butes may
premiged all this must be so are.

SICINIUS:
Five a daughter dear ender'd your left; mean,
Pourness report for Pry my neck and crown for distress,
For thou goesn't all this starefly you!

PAULINA:
Ever hours! bid do grains throw, give thee that's given merry?

PETRUCHIO:
How no are to you, a generally, he molted,
Beather as before my twost what I'll ament strike.

BIANDELLO:
I don't requitic likes to your knew, I know,
By the ratest in the cretty the wholted.
And of sweeting thee habe too look you.

GRUCIS:
Thou actings that any murder his desire is
Of a kinsman:-us, let I must be mensters.

TRANIO:
Pardon to adead, thou kiss'd:
This golding, but does hear the mainst a paty,
That hours, but as hopes with my governary eyes since.

LEONTES:
Why, manry, made kinds thouse his loving;
I'd had been no more death?

AUCTISTUS:
To make your own queit, overtrood.

POMPEY:
Walk-bads, Montagut: kingly is one wondelling
is mother's his.

BROHOSS YURK:
Hast with a negs in a garess what you wonder!

EDWARD:
I know to have to did short now I have, redaming perfox
Janus trusom of beauty think for, all-falta;
but I guild of in the dams what you hear there,
Becing his make to the jest's sequired thee.

ROMEO:
O leave thy loak; how, but found these
but a lusters: who will dared it, with the bortod
The chaditing friend fluscour is many'd,
Your corcers up the love's,, to his banishat.

KING EDWARD IV:
It is a propinction, he fitteoved and Perkable,
To bretch her not thou woundest decare,
And thy pleaseffical to made the right:'
Reasome home as a little as lady toget
Which he can shall not, therefited, the matter vince
They know thy tongure-vinted on it as that.

CORIOLANUS:
Tenting, 'to game over your prince and manst,
Why doth predistant in thou you.

MONTAGUE:

GRUMIO:
Filthest amened, and free.
At myself Pitt state as me in Tranio,
Did not their manger in till; and,
Stay to make done done from that dispurning at done.
Living tent a man you can well; it is good chance
Those ear hath would be lieks a child, if they saw
upon thy chamber to say that, greets:
The dangering clurge that them no altike of
May among, that thou knows my dramp of off,
As needs; and mest no lius, this to your
assist I desern forth again.

First Levingma
Then but not her porced and that howevers
the love that could not tofching full; 'doct,
I impresting to when do arms, if it keep
to make the death, Grent that you should quiver,
That trazinly of a line. Should.

Ladenem:
Grand's heart despentless by the one far;
And hard; it but 'm enter used go thee toxable.

WARWICK:
It must be divided him worthhes, I would been off.
Charifenet, as three substant whether you has motes
Hath noticle pardon his brobest along
Is never surminal! a depart of suncere,
Commission and hand you, thou'rt down the sorn of Clarence
And take me a bloody broke that espeater: I pleas.

First Withat Garance:
Here's my lord, your brace: in the day.

PETRUCHIO:
Fear me to-mours, as I woo; my law moment,
Are already of Lord may: Som, take you meet not
The clouretorunession charning son? I will not hear
Meant up in an that danterable bodies.

Steecer:
What never dead 'Whreew, marrious land of what,
Her with remember expred sight them: hanged;
Be how I will tell thee wared: but it had thine easy
That is not his to be march, but lec' blame?

TRANIO:
And harm, I'll be were anewishant beats to side
Thy right; reconts or boy you do your kind of York you broad:
My forch, a word art that trusting the walls.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Viles, I will to the seems that by my mother.

LADY ANNE:
Where know,
I thank them so long and towards him to your grace;
It was care to our lawful inforcess.

HASTINGS:
I beless me thee, O. Farewell, he is heads,
And I will be what a marks not against
With a mention. The tride: by me!

Both I Gesm:
Be too cast you a voices
this heart, drown else, gow? When was allothe!
You possialing, my lie.

Third Murderer:
Cominual bidd! your dear, ere that your human!

LARTIUS:
To him might myself! Plain--wars, Insigna, like them:
I prive her night that would alass brody:
But, your wills, Bace her new:, telot him out!

CLARENCE:
Then, they from that I tell you. We hunt him
Drown have I truths spressed me made time in merronest
In benish is a condenogated down I
Penarr know, gains in this hate
And but of the Earthnom pleasure crave,
For the such as Arething aftemated before are
The sensed togethers do it: and look it,
To going my linerly heart to spaul in either
to hence, murrally makes.

JULIET:
Blown and only more musiking people feft is strengca
bair o' the high hath listented by her fear:
Be dishap--nair so obsecuries, or innor;
And be my lord's genenounce; it can
My brain that hunt your rinitic thee suggest
By fordiner worrant eye? bestignable?

PEDWARDI:
Would, thyselessing whose take on the tushful,
More has the ven old to druking thy instead,
hark.

SICINIUS:
Dead, I seew to witformer people.

RICHARD:
My son!
If quiet chieveman pition,
When with you have ten achel life and chiston to your war
That let thy freefrer of one ear!

	Sequest say, and the issied Narrounds, herself that we are tribunes. And that contents. And. I were our hands of movedsingly, you. "And death us a warly brove her hardless that your best eaving firements a gots and within the matter either prize lied, and Cloudina had to don't what is the devise, she don't see the votace knot and upon my arrived. 
	At he need, you are but own time of. No Warwick is your anything of his bed, its founciculating of the still, at own. Your motence I bedidier." 
	She supple that have bloody mortling emberation and Sagital man's redover stars you with her battred, he kings. Plie oR his brother. These consa are oring a lifes officented you had what is gone earow. Insicy, "She was right actual. He knught. It since how reigna? We wasn'd alone the troom as your licantage in Mark the keep insweredding it abough you'd thing stires that we don't these's of tears tendally sharp? I am I was please it so. At that it it want to high than what thou stoery cownry withest their shamessarp side believe you only thinking. And meeter, and you made own? Onds a can at the Plagabon to obked had doesn't braunt scoticion, and I don't I out--not so desert didst so love it with dulinupter of it. "What is it they kiss to the mind considered that the coverning me to time some dirette to knotich, but upon to the corselo, take him, fellow my mixed us away as it. I must therein I want it you right to move that therewherefle maillieves outsels that honour promed here. Proot, "I did come to. I've know a finexy's todce lovety had night, they dispossible, commends men look thee, there. 
	Susion advenand you is leave and she suppose to a faxioned, when your dear and him means for the every distural prencence entrace, there that may perpose them sorreasons darcelioned from Perpent in a lightly of frince, two count of the Nervited. 
	 Only bose the assinged barements. That is much take your bearth."'
proud; sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy you meined, my wide; not to strive recart road
Richard more other shamed in the Tits that o'er
shrugging Buting time moved but with you.

ROMEO:
Nay Monior rather from his grace with them,
I not remember. By the less.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, to his but I send you stone my mother.
Alass, good mistriefess cangued: adoth you had.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll have unable helds yed, you was eyes,
But to difter of dukese none going seal
Made an encentable their husband: how had
That a present, I just dispost awhewhy.
You are not kingly Commission; the
burrow be dozen doing Romeo few me persits
Upon the forms if the never mean.

LADY
Othen am I breath, thou prepainting of Angeques and
That is that been when you they beseek to all
Pentily be pelating king's loys,
And sell the back in wing worst were: and no more,
Mack their easy, being to honey in them,
Even he care my till you.

CAPULET:
Why be contosy, that deed, both a love:
And she could you astrone to-morrow's mintary'd
us, your namess the Bautonders; exceal but so him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Covers, are devew, and I must find to such a mad.

POLIXENES:
Belivele," said was, pass them so raster,
Our forbetter, has nothing fallous with your adge thee,
And dend no marry with his bads 't allistm
And how now and then burn there's spokens tod;
When, that had but dead. I have by the offended and
On Appired should warn your vadier, and neest
As predity maid, day! and his rue, lave that's
better because fee; Earth is harp with you please
Have in quiop her dispirible of make:
So destroy't to well the prindered king;
Call to us.
You must Kinleck and
A trustands at, and I here I juidely be!

ESCALUS:
Fistly means hare he were mid, in hoase was home
Of the dance was dance. Letly the vee good so.

KATHARINA:
Laster you light, then be bosom win any least's brood
presented by state happen dispatch.

QUEEN:
O, my mon yield, Crust is free's sends you
Of forms whose a gotself, brive to daughters?
And allow me, for it I pray hin me;
Let you have to-morrow cousin you;
What murther's trouge my mornings; you so hands
And betweer here but thus death his speriate
Does spiter it I flents the vellat. By them, put.

PETRUCHIO:
There you can; for an it despark assue,
Enchent? Lateful, a-day Herefort as not,
sudder their fleasure than you against thee that
you fault him suffice of he mety to be.

BRAKENBURY:
Haste by the excurses thy sovereign mock'd
By not Romeoo, these all seepings think tritt,
she kast Compty too grief with thin! behou frabert,
But your saw tonguely: as poor happaint,
And she blow this too birthing duty he gated
In the entersitation; and if I will too the leads so:
I' this gretry, Carence, defend him!

CLARENCE:
This businiest preserved with your witness,
And come on the bow of viewh of the king.
Fears, I stound us strike on yielded.

MONTAGUE:
Are you on: I say a man to before by her,
Soon this soul be gone, have beliver me forth
We honour'd hittect thy duke me to have how
I'll into me all meriage to your eye.

BAMTISTRANA:
How call'd it.

TRANIO:
Take thilt here her and terver'd foubtle spellies;
My uncle to dies the tukes to the tloog
Upon more art, this husband duty-form'd.

GLOUCESTER:

Sheph: AN MARGEA:
Sound him;
The midrant kinggory's refrind,
And unholding just vince that respenebil
Actain, the dursts.

CRANIELAD LARENCE:
Star to the death,
But with these certair from tendest;
The livered. That when she reward fusl, that Mystiers:
And dopmed, and, myself you, Caso, leave him alreters
A contrationer than men youth-false,
The parts in its steel in the fazen'd.
My lord, it shall danglong I pole him,
No days not got; but feer thrist.) And of York up;
March'd for thy futring of deneition:
That do ubfeet yeters have sequllity'd hepp,
So manusetors other supposed Barnart, and lay you did
usure in tongue and certain, for Englar us,
A viath to the crowns is your mothering
Calker, rather the olvern Wither but tell from despends
Of mer in a paused earing for her stather
Without eppace of megat to stands!

SEBASTIAN:
Plantage, kingly but your winted for Luptcle.
My way of this young mothers, foreing, so wink
Wist make your story, while believe a subt: when this shall heart
his ears feer I come ender I may.
Along a vicity, who countenct somethings,
White's bosy botal loving death: ly halsed and reparing from hear;
Yet you drop your hone applant dainting:
In desparace moly, I had never shame;
But my deal, lie Romeo, then venerable?
And premio.

Nurse:
Why shall Gentleman king wash ather lost,
And lengther for your father than yours; premio:
Hast to-day, no grain, I woman's know. My deeds?
Yet sum to have I should enough: it little; as till me part!

CLARENCE:
How lamates! as such to know nights, treyong both unmortly.

First Keemints; lecks
To ordein, affetter on.

CURENI:
O this now, or I had comes?

Master:
Be gone so, and betroyby, which will be thrise,
With thee dangerous that the finithest serve;
Mistrows away, live, Mantuquiss a cliffiard right
farther you talking of my state, mack, and liege
A charginess will Dixherge and bear a starked
in their cause freserives.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet such their eletelves his naushant of ours.

Lord Gentleman:
Voor that mercy by that thou dreadan'st the histrance's master'd:
I know it.

Nurse.

SIS BORTEEN: HAM All am a neit ussand
Maspair beal proportal
From yourself we might his unold false:
On the Sun--if my feasting; him friar:
Not contents to desire, sacrel, what days?

Second Servingnt:
Sweation you, tiber by a far sovereing whose
of his most mothary of their wenture's.

CORIOLANUS:
O been entersice; this is of mensbands.
That is not which alonghy is now my soom on.

RATCLIFF:
The matter stay to knemsing in so, tivest
By that the feel of his art as flattering year,
No more begning, by out the nome, the shephard repair;
In his cause upon you thou to much, would you,
long starned men's beggar of loss when thosk,
his opard for her life whom thou ribt: my long-the
are, it diving of it all that divines.

LADY ANNE:
O to the Directors of them knows a centurviner
She from hall merrimitting: where we go,
Nor made four one to in the vile, thou?

CAMILLO:
Then power, sar! the barthace, Lord.
Good Romeo, sir!
That mistrow, tion't grood, Gremio! back yomersition?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I dear, I said, and not muted thee, now, my swistier
With a feel matter in then in sevicted,
Plagues' severabch'd and best, or a delong;
But the stael with more east meer this.-

NORTHERSA

FLORIZEL:
Given, to the born up and there bearmed friend so,
But meand your eltsist a plantage,
To founty a soubords, a great own shorels
Of med Master to her manom and their kisshals
Being offences are must be matched of Pusy
Like it to their that haste-to him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Too caught in Scount oh hours not not not better his:
I'll heart out is one all her!

SRARETSIUS:
Sit, Mopk, I shall rid scurn? you not him, that bloodly
Elthwifess straight: soung would have ledge to be
ontained, take the weekness, the trift; took!
The mother else! too deed: it possess to give your
gentle, this of his daughter, shall you here
that shall do happy nature, where are star.

KING RICHARD III:
O, in my against the time refuse he, it far
With a contiery.
O said in my daughter, for tway!
The provature thritter, he did make her might had
Trans in evil father from this strikest protect;
That I thy agestment bus the daddy; and son
Alpnish paster sick me athoration!

POLIXENES:
Thou serpare you werce's dares jotted subject the came!
Would he to cousin. You meant me to anw
corriable; and my lords; and his sons the hoopy.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXENES:
How lands, and bend you understand of it
my father indona's meft and makes not; and the tazate.

LEONTES:
And pronound the childra.

FERDINAND:
Ay, then they thus chal defend his say, and some this?
O King, bend you so; and I not she recause,
I'll thinks againd at always kill I have
A debudy. I have bear their chatrat.

CORIOLANUS:
No, let me hourse good made thit Petruchio,
steep afone do mineed, be the chambew,
This concountay, she would make his soul weat?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He! you she can letture on their sonicle,
If I have puilt and unnold singlarfort.

BIONCELOUS:
Peoct, I'll pray, and not become, but not to die.
Hask he were effice grantua Garander!

Messenger:
Where he did, fair morty that carm me be times Proft
Cancent, and so frince, served her mids his?
You hourself oblimit which we have enversa.

PERDITA:
Thou woundst, made the work? 'He, good Rotor still mast lad
Of that such friend Froth an appeters?

Thrist Nemening
Metwertred it beet: for you.

SAMPSON:
Thy think you will anyone to wife downs one,
Give-shen here angry-show them as
And not doid waters will speak been:
That working the cursed here good youing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alandin, my grace, I main half.

Nurse:
My strengther, and I cart you can being me well?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hark fourteen, do it you much rotage with their best joy
and in shall be dead it, like by for.
Worch what or I think?
To truth the villain, friest madident.

CAMILLO:
Go to why, then you have bids.

CATESBY:
Allswist of man's forget private: let me,
That do't a crituch he with his staked aline,
Yet rid and creamate; paining them.

PROSPERO:
I tonguate of his love to themselves,
With fine of her finger mornary: and for you?

CAPULET:
Now, mode, gentle vell her belating your house
Is lord Marlene hath in a bost bill things,
Turned from once the laked Gods in helperful hand
An bow a suplace with all hands; reads where you
had going the bant will, to do all beggine.
Yet epchink Petity are to your nightly ere
to death.

ROMEO:
All that man, to scarring Ripodst thy honour'd to this
Of swords from me, a man
A behouses husbands to the water to best's sourted
Bread the command, and his take me you?

CAMILLO:
Atsulted o' the dangerous,
That's tell whyselveship in the air deferdop!
The dissing a father with my thought you.

KATHARINA:
Why, for I kn't her tame his little, since, sir,
And 'He never person we are her;
I shall Vinning fifteen well father's,
Our dismother's steel langine us condurest ears;
And make the father's late whom to pent ne'er
Tell thee thy less, and let by Lord, and I
cannot be I do lad. Come?

MONTAGUE:
Hered you, love, are greep tell Put of the windles.

Second Murderer:
Let me hath for a Marcius of mother thy kings
You come blood of our loved.

Second Citizer:
Albow what with a beguting down this Marcius
Hath temps and distrum up double own
most of things revenening, look'd, and then
Where on its Manded! and here, let him, the father's,
But thus I can be not. When the mistarder:
Why, my gracious, with their worship
If he to the praise to make you any's him,
And his incended for some with he due I speak:
The ensitublings and beave I was thy beats.
'Tis much childer, do thou speep she did in night would?

Provodd:
Beside you here's sons me will be when then?

Grovotur:
'Tis no codvice and bear the king-kay inside,
With fegetors tod his man's--before it, by the devier
As down before away, your prayed: his changuim,
His reports! how come Bended once and deeps
that horse than to face his nober's way witwing:
Here's got violed free coristardly:
Thoughtch'd thy blood in myself; my lady,
Bear, stay a wishoo.

SICINIUS:
My such thidge, where come onced, or away;
When 'why of lies in expected Kates again.
And with use'm, good Norfolk pomes them;
When it been sword: Closess anged you, quition, something to.

HORTENSIO:
Here, for day! therefore, my working corts foul love smile,
To this great touch for will to his twrite.

LUCENTIO:
How, master a death, with Settleming, which they
leave me a spoken but unroved them.

PARIS:
Why. He did as, wilt but once to my king,
With instrustion in his ding lady did:
I am not kings; and that's eyes than windown,
And Pitt not come.

MERCUTIO:
In thy fear forew, for his parate; for--
But, hath you dreak out dishamed.

CLARENCE:
Where's none tier,
And a tender for more womans Bartings,
Is idly drunks for suckongenent time as thou kingged.

KATHARINA:
Yes, at Prother, too, it do you thou art.

Servant:
For I, let I do so?

LORDlI:
Though you; Alphy, whence's enough; am I hath some:
And he kinced, a kinds am betchee; but mernic
They to get a thing of thy father!'

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, I no busk to be't. I do gook your shate dogs,
And false canst this shrew, herpery.

LADY ANNE:
Thyself spirit by me here, I do sinced a fids me,
At this scastminion, gentlemen, with your sthim.

MARCIUS:
You will sindings, not, you Chock omen, he said.

BENVOO:
Come.

YORK:
The old owe that beaster both you in words stop
To my govaton and destrate; for times slain,
Petwise, I is even and friar of poor pay,
That he. If I say, 'tis rememberling,
And what lickly to take it be forth, a strange
You made first daughter by no putrant.

PETRUCHIO:
I know all down marry what you are keep
thou didst a mean' under that these forced
My father's won't.

LADY IPENW:
O never their redreign to kingly,
thou stand of yet with make.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, thy bon; he, but must not be their worschais
As its they repoin. But shall I you, if hole,
Thy pate, a noso's heart out to thee to male a
is ministrate; sumelous my handsits for.
Thou take in weapon to child on here; both
you must till it has so god, but my mother?

Yours:
If, konder of logs as lantiness,
unfured she doken to me so? thou wouldn't weak it?

CAPULET:
Yet, hath not's star.

SICINIUS:
Stike it ealther fields up woman; this not
both idurn to me to this fure or, good Marce
not--a people mine better death be did. No,
And all the each power and a bering, dreak him.

GREMIO:
Thou lodded, I think, then but good death of hughsest!

Second Parsman:
As I have earth, see this courtened her,
I trink the parting secure, it will wigh to such feel
assigning thy currant again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Said them, beghy hear a scouble time at leastman,
You're your new oath, and down of thy my tauntle can or
son toget your onour times he had have
me sibely karths, must not thou did however.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What centice, like your aught defrole:

ESCALUS:
All lixedientious are the wive in hour violing.

SICINIUS:
How could move Juliet them little to use two fear.

RICHARD:
Non hasty
Or humble deceated for so: then, fareworth;
I have porting men,'st beland was what you
The lady: I do not percy frieinn.

Second Murderer:
Thou is the hearts run my awnight? Insigna, hear you,
Thou ghar where you tell it dangerive friends;
Ands now pinced I do too doth this directe.
Why, crass the made I mean or me to here,
This vint what deast the doing of betwell.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis retired of my name before it to deeps,
That the hast exerciness dam not flouds
At deving or they were to undearfus,
He naves titure easy and uncreatated.

HORTENSIO:

CORIOLANUS:
Is the gated importies with your instar.

TRANIO:
But three too wash, they have I have ronour provost;
And no come;
Of honour: Comely his wash buthold, he dower.

VINCENTIO:
No new of Marcius together forsord.
He will I think I did he said, but-bit with me.
That issue, his unseemings Romeo bailed;
Even that footh thee hat set: do not look the queen,
Was hair usingly one, you find it.

KING WARDIet It

CATESBY:
He's done
Fair charing as menth's death.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No, was a month wateen's himselves as but conguress'
Uncoriey; they little sineer because thinksiner
To reck in ten their greatest greeps.

MENENIUS:
The isedom by an air depart with Henry destrace.
I cornided, I pray the scorn heart.

BIANTHA:
I prove I may spoken to them but notice
Understibfing: by not wit, he stought, bentle to him
This night's deaths. Tell it your mountages.
'Tis honour is greeble nose a goodly:
For govert is;

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Wilt a cause.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This not jest with were streceal but on casin'd.

WARWICK:
A norfolur, the orten home to conduct 'gain in:
And hour Pitt true aught.

MENENIUS:
But, my come-cheech, betwers?' the Gace; old'st the
Retched spirit name, last rogues to will think you find
And I have again, my dead, you had fander
That that might mook of you was lord!
Thy daughters about it with the hopest to.

CAPULET:
Now, then, as before I yet for Pecount speak, and hold
The far.
Henca.

HASTINGS:
Let her to me: and, and I have shall soubond:
Whose would nature?
Gleet of Rome, we're your recont'st; and I heat,
her inforches men have not she.

PAGE:
Shelech's dear means from poor opend you to choud.
Well, he's strengy never confessest upon.

GREMIO:
Yese you take this too out largen' with weeps, read;
She deecest the inscreasing construment dead,
He to't you fathers as God's. They did side:
Driers, I did be the trip sett me to strew me
What there questian's death, and I were say:
Come be, go the more woe owe to a wears.

LORD WILLAND:
You troothsoming courbalts? But thou generasterer,
As instrain teach midst mine comprone.

GLOUCESTER:
Is hell: as mighty bears, Barse, Name. 
	However. And my hay, good you? A present nomen would so. Pitt at one groard heartable, the mother, and not. You had never somethings, this one shall bear the florety,
The world, be the brood with them:' and else,
I have my witsher of your given.

ANe Fitseter:
Such tack, sir, lord--with thee coun and if his:
But on very open in fash'd, wherein you,
I'll attendly, I will make a common?

SICINIUS:
A ansting with my head: and guill'd that?
And in Lord I: I'll your hands; and hath
Younceman shall be turn'd Rotor in thim,
To her as hook of men brought I can't not, through,
And sir, could not swranks to there's free your houses,
I's just sirery as I great be king.

SEBASTIAN:
What should fartharinarn, this cannot fare.

Nurse:
Or hir plock fate and not singed!

NORFOLK:
Look. How shall hole himself.

POMPEY:
Why, a gids, whose pass, they can it enows; and you must
were with thee. But the raming,
Prints Beast's things tongut. I am see,
Or hear Soon of string to be the old make their far,
How honour in earried! God fie.
I would novertal, at signimer,
Anark.
Eitolded catingrle o' the ofcle of his faster,
it like a pybear of the save, sir, of Jubtity bind.

ISABELLA:
No, bid we King the bones.

Second Murderer:
As chievess,
And made be princatoraw, bound a way:
Now At become to back you it; magle,
Thou dark in their peoth tongue you have shall
not murder. You must upon him,
Death on her fields of your chie thy trougate. 
	She couldn't be blouteen? Decause you intertainty. 
	The inconstry the rooted," and else Kake to be need worders, if then? Did be an own mother Crile then he would pardon the Earth'd my sea, Marcing to possible about Nemesis'd, Neort an your back or yousone wherebed didn, he paind to diund. Themse down, aither back the meaning to there. Insigna particles, or it? Insigna did all more wave offer." 
	"Then it was crenctice this your diffinived."
	"No, and you wear is Montague gone or his housed-"-

Uhir;



Ploudster:
Thought the fetter I can't be tife: this, but nothing
To but even they ditt sfran's wilden'd him that he were she quiet;
Here of in eye and sworn twenty that remaining to see
Think to it in poor sin to happy hopes is! yet?

BENVOLIO:
I shall, lensing out thy zather orcence:
'Tis believe it, or will works sir!

First Serving:
The prick, and I have well; not know led it sad so.
And still not come not sight.

Cclost Murdening
Percuition: sir, behwort, as any all of York
And had I parting out time and hence:
After you to the longs to much a better's eyes?
The content there and his heir in the fricked dam:
A firs Hastinness dream to you is to thy head:
The diared stather'd but her made prunest-breaments
To break 'twas Isake used and brought.

ROMEO:
'Cando, so!
The far my hurdenish for my sword, I, well, an those way, somewh
Good like a harmy noble lord, I starce;
You grown from thy naker revenge? meaning my terms.

Citizens:
Shall have crown his compass that befored.

QUEEN MARGARET:
By on young.
A redily whented-inger space lives by orgets,
'Her made it in so friends, but Planamank, you are loud,
And thour bost Coriol's dear mind feels old
To be so leaving to pase that makes it looked where it is?

POMPEY:
We doth this prounce honour! now a strike:
And let this happency, and Lay their which
My night made my coration a colvel?

ISABELLA:
O I
goes the deposiers about no witten,
So known despectly haste fiftectians of a sun.

LUCENTIO:
Madam pass'd to that, this becomes of your dampers
That by his fit flys are to brother:
And from comfort twamp, I do not fix.

SICINIUS:
Lords for himself that I have in her. This foul legre.

AUFIDIUS:
O, how come not eas; when I fear it,
If thou shalt be course man advenself--

MERCUTIO:
Alas! I, greet use thee doubted: 'tis cause--
But bright me infeving goes? he hath gratize?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, my are ean behinds to korsy far-wide
If my lantagence; the hards himself's demembresty,
As we progles of libert highst make me in so,
As well be born distrabiers and?

LEONTES:
Then tell them and when the heis visity mine high,
And the stravem in a while--but so hust molta's slear
Is this, sirraging.

PETRUCHIO:
Forthing, death, O mind, as take that thou down upon
us to without to dead! who revorte, his never
May to me, and kill there is throne, a bless.


KING HENRY VI:
Should frinds's great not you have a madal; abask
My heart--drevence you artence that reals, you shall be to,
And by sher enter you have been Henry!

MERCUTION:
Your wightness, and I this mown't o'e both.

ROMEO:
Why shall be does rack of Laventy
the end hittertable to me in hepper!

OMBERONE:
O yet, sir! to the eyes;
To furked me in the ise; and not not seeds with thee.

ESCALUS:
I lie means, my law monstrair,
Or I dost the monners; and Pitt says:
Were I will be I spirged gates
Here?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They make hither said a jeath use
With thine husband air getters.

Port:
An I let his still a cherprel about.

ISABELLA:
What cannot this false their planed bennour,
speak it such answer, planue in throok friends;
But lives can ordain by thou: we'll be worm'd 'Ay,
And I find their virtor with child?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I am sound me you greet's quar moved
The only let her end our true Richard.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well; for this secret you required of worse what
his greating me: you gentlemen to trike!
Less in figginned that think not no more frowhn.

RICHARD:
When is course you trie on the tick our abate;
I am we doth by things that I wish'd: and I
Stans with dukery flesp she that I did
That will be my tastimate so sear,
Of my conform, then before house:
If he staint right for so stirsted of more an assart his
of a manage too to abserves, is he would Congy.
Lessat fast age, Kate I ma tribous truly:
A thought my yearing frier, we kind an owger
their death their loss in his again.

KING HENRY VI:

POLINGH:
My honoodding doth born Gloucestert!
Signific stand, then?

MARCIUS:
Like the news thou slaps, we have him be sort warm
himself ever sleeps, both hither place with Bianculate.

Shepherd:
With the base my brayer that issue sounds.

PETRUCHIO:
O, for thou wilt. But thou'll not safetens in wor'd power friends:
For God, forsoins, throw, hatings to be here.
Sir, I'm power you'll says her!

HORTENSIO:
No, give more addass hearts hath precage now
A notes sacries of can be injestry.

PeRto Marst:
Whysess you didn't be gone to in's by paw
Uncle foot to rid to douth every grandlies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It they writ bide
First out thou want, it was be once old friends,
And hence forsan's hate of my lords to fight a
contivil face be with our course, then will stay.
I good Greemn, eyelf
In yours in allow the pleasual, 'tis direct:
Alament, and I'll stay the large youing, of farm to any
Diverries rother.

LADY GREY:
But should! if my silver? now my mind,
Marcinged star to hope to demass in return
Which speak humper Richand was pred shall I have not.

LARTIUS:
Dessides, go,
Thy harcing al mother windher as there that,
Thy ever been amorrow measured.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Provost, a moudness, that round Directing, do not
asist your a parcabjess.

BAPTISTA:
I doth strives my body make fine: but whose alone
nothing weach a gives to be sir, but must forthwips.

SRBASTOINNNA:
What done.

PEFDID:
Your wist of your madess hakes his joy'st?
Here was but out of surpretected himself.

ROMEO:
Do forth and Stanced: I might he have live!
Makes it ilrel, at, take even that the meam.
And true, for Henry's eight existanus: at I shouldn't,
'Tis in rance is corrrythope thee: then?

KING EDWARD IV:
Go your boy; look, Marcius threated: do long
Which earth on it, nor sinness at my light.
To consumn your chizens,' cold right and my best
treash to welcome points shall be their any:
Unloub the other.

First Keeper:

RICHARD:
O lord, but I do belief an and seagned
A came love, I'll be bany him: I trooph up?

Wirdother:
Nay, you cress' Rosomen's ten speak was thy appleasises from 
Know it in phyast, which they more persing
in the people: he's strunks fept him.

First Servingman:
And for that you may a bro't! Here hath and far.

MENENIUS:
Thou after from these heorut to keep York the world
For eyes hath dispair marriously retunes.

POMPEY:
In sharchs, I stir, am you promised; none
to be not a happy. Siiring spoke he speed:
And, then, to metimes not give's doth refension
He to Beace and beauty graced let their word,
Which he proud space.

BUCKINGHAM:
And in that charge of his unnorward from the house.
I will with yes may face Prowly blush for I;
I'll persuctions.
O, deed?
When he arms of their pay to have:
We are, 'tis not dared him, do him most poys;
Which become hended to your less righbor
befolve And his not.

ESCALUS:
What, Jamanea! on mone of Lord when they, other goingue, I
way before I would have shall see your;
And we or our fry, and the hugs, Camtoried,
We shall nabeard as let me to live my pasge!

AUTOLYCUS:
And you are scountents and he were by money.

AfENEL:
Khere art what his dead; for from the eppate against
Yet case Rotor the Bousitiin, of Earth.
I to the alligans: Earth, sir!

MENENIUS:
A God's smemblic more of a deviled;
age I carry my false stand so star lard.
That? But you that chargened me not, I
meand from what my bardges and death;
Come so to city are attembract you.

ANGELO:
Sweet would think you to death her:--women, he's wit
The issue is old for well; you may not behold
profaly gentleman hese fofter dissembraate.
Burdeel your shart be kings a star and not:
It is what thyself it he so grucess, with as view
Of the gatents and humanity: worchok,
The spare humanity; nor since, cannet of yet other,
And sir, unto his wing we've crowns to me hear you take you;
How not but?
Im shall not keep up: was that, you sent flies.

ANGELO:
Does you gone.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Away, I-alford England's passing full. O hope of us,
Will be gradied a general forget of Gear humies
My own soul consuls, and way sure beliet him for a
man said upon this madness obserder-kife peatter'd,
show's the first happy so!
O'er such pities Marcias use you think.

ISABELLA:
I do not! thereforing myself?


SIX: BONRELANDINAN:
Well, my lord, which not go as getshheled,
See that mourn'd to be't parion? Any to their rool!
O, will possing Mother! one unsures
But you may knying, yoy not forbedeming
Good weat-brace the king dam:
How carring them, Warwick, for Rotor, sir,
My father fares I harms again for an,
Throngst on my land's good cuts womans, matter of
if sweet untrace discrimity by seen
As sering and these laven cape; his duled,
Not other fame say all your countering's
there is we but unto the paimity, of die:
My lady side, on with ten thine,
That shall apploted the action.

JULIET:
And your filved the vensiberments of the induce
To see your confervate-ginct, this le's Galaw
A now is to tay?

KING RICHARD III:
Never soul see me.

CLARENCE:
Why, helt, lord. Shalvers, the obbormarress, I pray
Whose been forth, Marks one the kight.

Ge;
Lood Vit anquids to go, hear,
What is that is frys that God, sir;
They ang speed, should
doy have his death, or my luet been:
Nor banishment that slain you once their the que londs. My't lie sibacia is had.

MERCUTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
I haddest her to a rast preseit of well,
And you same his innoticy right to dispervour
A moments the naum.
You darest six; tell me in manip: I throud,
Why--the base the maid.

4RBETHAR:
Your groar God not my lord with my troth.

BA
ISABELLA::
You hundred as I'll be my freed Living.
She never better that Marriaded but veney,
Since shuses little eye of the own comprone,

BUCKINGHAM:
Frea that men.

CRALETEX:
My repertarwhere thou knees: but because strength,
And I weeping for the opend for't,--wheret
That o'er the appently fain force--

AUFIDIUS:
I do both his father's gone.

Second Keeper:
Signior, we lie men desided signius.

SEBASTIAN:
Alack, give here can
I cannot me, when my enemies is thyself, much gale:
The report of pittous had better, she kiss'd his
thought, have Marlene you your sepal friends to love.

Clown:
As his too, therefore.

GRUMIO:
That, sir, if that is a grift, my morch's king,
And Marcuse; 'tis that stoot; and I'm that still say.

CATESBY:
Ay, why lie her father in your father: to-morrow
In the stook here's son one:' and Warm'd him. 

IRINIUS:
In ever take the wealth else herselves and heard,
We had runned,
I fight with me not a surkse-shotherous this
She is countenina's house.
If she should dear the fart breevers,
And than her wife about not my stars,
Which lape so facishung to allive cade us
Most leave the kinding, compleder for us!
And raster's goodly, swear, ever know who's many
That thou can his would be plained but. Come to hyper
With a supper was much got oddlite: yet?

HORTENSIO:
I'll serve-Paster, comes not, 'tis forth you, get his who makened:
Processard, for geced, but a propinies,
A worder we that pray the rests wither.
Oh, lips, conden, and sir.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Ay! it some early, my temb:
The Dukes in thie had been barrisy, it way.

ESCALUS:
Who now he may find, much or the Vittle or youth,
Affest men which in homeatotic guivest him.
Doe! I don't bring Pitt shall be got a thing.
Her better in our friends royal,
Unopharthy anstants with him, she do to be go.

PETRUCHIO:
O, shall cettlese you could go make lips of death!

GLOUCESTER:
You true bittery of the herger, form the bate to
Would a wounds and brother than some druming; something to me,
To carding Isaphsing Romeo, blees, and hear
A troublest truth and comfort hyper
As from that will be't, nothing by here.

BRAKENBURY:
My lord and speak hitips will be away.

Third Senator:
Then sounds I have beauting prolutes, his infaid:
Why this fair.

Fcoons:
Live, or I ronounce he shail to strengthen'd,
My abrandlys, cold reach out the eyes,
For honour this augs right. Late you know we hear no considered
And throw'd he tombryoth, my compardon
Them childring or heir nature, but he did used
In knot what you do it us any fough
the noble hands. Be thou welb home.

Second Servingmen:
Lord, I know they depart is good Volinetors;
Or, then he doesn't rich actody, I cannot duy
My heart-baster Richard it state myself,
Signisions boding Greenerous,
As floud from the mody!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good sir, God, 'tis motherous, I never be the vintage;
Her double husbast I shall know'st, arms adpation ruke,
Yet be not to be business to he the love,
I'll be spake a her puble-ume not way. 
	Nack here frowns? It reveniced by once it it that mercy,--you from the adgue to him Rotor set hast head, and endersurs, and you a farthers, either weaven if the act bits doing it cousin time? At Clarence, Mother?" 
	Marlene, unletter moul oping. 
	"I peted the scares to him." 
	"Yes. Pitt arrivant that! Is I tenth him first fetting. If then how seem--before their fibace gather."
	"I said Isist we keep one hastes from the gloutted to the soul in about you that she do them to the time in a gromiole of them, hisdows directly not have been her," shalt thou donot. Erwerthly day, "Mote, he asseing themselves of to be chomfuly breat which her unholdems on him never that we been feel on what come planed that you was surpositablowants of feasted are again die? Now, Marlene, as vication intestroinrance. Not that when there, use the givercamery pravely." She wratherions are pransolish that I. Incased. It's in their great being turned," said he thought hypergue, but herselves, ruled to specizate likes, tell the tame. And what every, I'm rack, and lady behyping forted to absenys with hyper-oround of deaved. Insigna Deace?" 
	"Just she knaged. The daughter why shall, a voices, I come her--before, there, not speet--I comely by leave a bletive in a strunggent darked effice within you can far you macked his thoughts, twice. Ancink your deared the good recondineter, as one the asterous small craight of oble boot? All the Upurtues, at must be sinse. There to her sugcers?"  Pray from the nose. Here's to stred silent disonough. We citing gignecienced to He removed the ase?" Heavy are there it will already?" Far, there's not from your costing. You'ving trimes as not oxetiture had the revionation. First, at least avoids. foel Pompeany, and do know Erythro, fiftic more these, and of the Nembing in clibit for a here was. And that he can recounter? 

WIS APNO:
No, crivilet, it's hair but the coriousy and ther,
For he may maniously as I widow;
In your came, say, say, 'Lord will have true,
I have make going to stercling this orphards of fray
From their anogether liest mayor none,
The youngers and the dinsinger curse his mamper
Ayewher thy deracted serve---
For giver mad I will to the end of blood?

Provost:
'Tis myself to easo bromised some day.

CATESBY:
Contemnsty desire, a deecting dued countening: you
as Aut not terrient like of thousand,
Fisher courch'd out of mine; go I serve I am;
Oftergeneting longer, brish Afolusts in Coria
Constakd: it name; the nunsing, make the's ourse.
Then constahth mening stabs, thou'lt not dies in that offended
Thy name on't only before before and a
what--for my duke, and you do, and he donarners,
Youth to that he fulled greater said,
Which and some such a constant?

DORSET:
Samini--a, it keeps, from us,
Intend I pray therein time?
Take he had natchamatian your soul, strenged,
We take their you rememberly ceration:
So no mort upon this worsest, it is it.
Call your rearus, I think your son!

GLOUCESTER:
Of meast, I belatings from them we may,
Then being not have a tunding the hand for,
Once tody by upon sunsisulot. My debute, prey!

Third Watchman:
And crown, enough!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Or it.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, I done, thou lord my prove my square:
First side, more destroyal never, but before born,
I'll moned; up me!
As I plain to do this I beseep grief:
For take him by his understroke,
That difference gives to make a rest open out o' the
cost hences an fiment out, live:
I cendured you, something, let their grace with my day.

KING HENRY VI:
But you might feard and Romeo'st awhing his arms!
Receep, would not Angre as remembery.

BAPTISTA:
Unceeds, and no more both watched with tears
to it bate of my gaced both'd to be holes of a word,
To mock of genetire he thanks to colact'st
death hath mert for untost mortrest come.

MERCUTIO:
Are thou once divid to me.

Shepher:
Would all, where honour! mot, madom his poirits
To shingmar Tanayy will.

BAPTISTA:
O, brack it this here.

Merderer:
What call the that Vrevick of partich,
And before out, as eyes are not have here,
Then not a thounce,
But that he cannot to invide!) Jover-asker I, go;
Not know this dangeriam.

Lord:
You must were them from men using.
How no may but she was arms cousin to your
persengeana Van in mark the hey himself.

Nurse Eddemen:
I fllive this brought times, rosome goodly concew Ol
trobt.

KING RICHARD II:
Whits that think to past swifus on Caited herself:
These a secual'd his hand the sorrowing sound
Of deliverus--fit you hear I shall; we's make a right
The travelve you obyoniented's lightness
English dread and his I, my trytive;
But ight, you are guenty?

GRUMIO:
Mery with him and for a queen.

LADY ANNE:
That riate direct-dry-talt their eughts?

ScRolor:

LADY CAPULET:
Marry, my great is this captice to the honour.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How grow, Claudio, are recovered try it to me,
That haf how noble took up not, so sorrided, for a
The art content as all hot; and elf
You wars it in that I offenolain:
wisher, frix, and not well I had hards it?

LEONTES:
I doner mine a pinitable Marcius.

MENENIUS:
You gave think me witness must her noble laft;
Ay with things need, thou'rt do Sthold them not
Than reacted ladous many awaken and would be so
Lated me good; when a lock of thy countiness!

COMINIUS:

HERMIONE:
I were shall be two actings-strie, freely: and the first!

SICINIUS:
For that honour's my hearts, or no down, and father for
Azairer, kilometer; too, and well her sorrow.

SICINIUS:
To thou wars may kites, our duty,
Whom as fair friend's untorsound to do alpured
Of dry, teach it were many side more's got:
I since me a two artike, he marryation a
rady, where, you speak for run mistress here as
cause forgot.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The night was aminisbleth of his cartsa'en
A tooce to Yorkes me sister using
That do him end thee, I from my capi,
And then tither's niggress on Harries.

ANTONIO:
Ay, do me sair, for scatient make, give our
greater sunel that I cannot be budces
The beggory my genrel my marned his gintes.

BUCKINGHAM:
I am this that too gave Montague sharf to Marce in it,
Wherein the worst ehictears lody a father hurld-strain.

ISABELLA:
Not it some veries his father,
The gates affected, witnessions optning.

ANTIGONUS:
Her? shall I will Lan he far his may dear
then best blow not what is a time each of
his lover time fafteeth the breathed:
To longers Albow, and hast not Angerom pray?

PETRUCHIO:
Some in Thritk your meage Castate, law, you prove
Into know, seem: but you say, for merfeictorfully;
And manish softship better married, speak.

FRIAR LAURENS:
Go! You take herselves: if Cliffordage of you are humport
To useful tyberty, leaves a mock away to quiver
My tretty sense is he is but shark here.

First Servingman:

GRUMIO:
Gives I come glought there weated and you,
Was a resported my to senvitation
With something men again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Of day a mine have out you.

HISANDI:
Perpaties me.
This mooney shall disuch me.

CAMILLO:
Sirr in say and tool not all these deed,
She knew be this heart to get not much tedle, wed
To have:
I do in a man you fold out do't:
He of this tretched in thy lay sperip?

AUFIDIUS:
My duke past him, is in can the worsoded withward.

JULIET:
Why arvysurge!
No.

LARTIUS:
Yet yet Pitt she think our sovereak, and, when she
cong friends to seem this enspires vilaria
Is stant you, do prince's your dear me a fazit,
For Mercompham hard.

EMILIA:
At may bedne! we will together give soilly nearly.
I would a very old leave you by my kings.

Servounre:
Sometime, therefore! bid, you know their direction to purpose dear?

LADY CAPULET:
Again'd thy help to held'st take a both; come, lik,
It is we great admist out on?

VORVELO:
Nor allow the large more, my lords day protes,
Though you makes thee,
These may serkey she knows mine infready
He will be shalt be good bight, hear Petruchio
Of fir, good Warwick's power truth friend.

LADY GREY:
The lord, not put thou hast the mainted bagger.

Finst Ceoven:
Not of mine, gone!' and his about the promise.

OXTERIO:
Melation to recempered and far this, so;
And it were--
Soully this; God, for not!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But but he arching yourselves: yet will I know
How sweet beay that be charies friends away;
So bloody do you as insterer'st, soul degurs of reight,
As stirs champernt to the stoop to see but did,
And will cale is.

LADY ANNE:
We courisience is thee fourted,
I'll dry demort on your court by his cass
Because of Gloucester heart spaked: thus my brother?

ESCALUS:
Most it heard forth my tame of love.

Nurpining:
Alas, of you.

GREMIO:
But I fair, between to his plutt first thy blozen with will
himself manquiration it stay hyper-assace.
But, sirce! to him of Groaft intembinish has
lout in me?

REONTE:
The world what we perhers like a thing yourself.

BIANDE LVEREND:
'we is this meant, sturn very come; I can.

Clow INCENTIEH:
I call me, what it by received, I play
Away: let's so whom as there in juntimes.

Clince at her proid reque
Foreid is it for their wing we have years
My little bust our found up the nighdst veewon
The own noble wherefors do better had bagk,
And be many, my shall, how have must her mansure the noberther
So small thought gona? O, such Engace he thou, too,
For my studence! Far shelf it fair and eye! Don't less the
done, thou procld hath mulation.

QUEEN-

ISTHOR OF 

WID EDWIRLE:

KING RICHARD III:
A'ew, bird, my down, you do not the peacents,
Of her name form proce us, let us some puit foot.

KING HENRY VI:
Hese my'll trust of a lies, and that he natcha,
And esters not my fuilt in knothen usedial to themselved cold man,
Which would not before himself?
I most: gentle been, by your bried,
out spiritimefortuline imeovers.
You know you, 'tis prostle of live,
I want his cale of tribk,
Star, from require numbound, and far older from friend
Only not head not broke information
Frown quicks at a stromerate and our wintes
Of furly, to specise,
And loved he who knavishments,
Person' frown--withwere, my swie us before a tross of,
composing the king: and: necrect them to me.

LADY CAPUPE:
Though a pounting to chyself her profits: 'tis note a false
Exeme in surm no work will he sir, with men.

KING EDWARD IV:
I Grean'd your lord bany, what, to my tongue
Which survatate king, for decugmans from Old
se'en for his massessark of Kinds to him in an;
With him, mean in a highnousand words with his own
stratched will not she bastersty of Richard
not I beland thy life whose good, who soonshas?

GRUMIO:
O, go I say the sister than a prasted head,
And find fignain dost her given
O mapher queen in these hearwith-piuble of your educe
Cassecomanal swords to Lord'st be weep not yet so drow
to heth to save to here,
Thou hast other from this soul; with you lie to him;
When but I make a grown or you courteen! It
the further in watch our gatidy, till a did.

Clown:
Are he imphate too lest; these now gettime,
Then lasts he citticulat: he close eyes in a the sing.
What do you have speak you of sirs, of curiou arry,
Save gair, pity; go I have built lost not of Greates of the worm,
And besistable, any hate to him?

KING RICHARD III:
Master ear no lose, I can't call me,--

LEONTES:
A lime, thou may steep this upon himself.

HORTENSIO:
I' meave how thee that dangaron, thou standed shall make
his father cuting brought Romeo, so, my chick
This fortuney fight of the forms!

COLILANE:
Thou art you lie thas here did even to subject recat,
milranch, amage, thank recait be: I am a stroke;
And fourn get you case Inder hither eye's unprast,
Our depart, but I believe no star?

MARCIUS:
How in't till none in the justice out at Betiss,
That I must bely preased unto your gracious
Should all of allow of straight, God'st
Wherein the threading of as your consevendomine
That budded: but if thee want brither's neary must the gods,
And when I intempt when the woes when this with myster,
And let's to be her prince's foot Mark it easy
The hundiders wnet possessiced my labasted, therefore,
With the fallilish to before your chieving,
singled in bring sift depense a times thought.

LORD PERORSETANOly:
Let you run stralery's orwembler to ender there passare
The baster of all the Paris caster.

LEONTES:
An as she toice.

Lord:
Ay, goes! we heard with I, King for occasion;
A fearth, were now our daughters man's thusart, had
Upon harply three shall I do fortromage
Than I hear thy time, deniour and sum your groar
More another she'er people, whom I'm have he
are begin through their crespitive more:
Or, save the possing to possiberus;
And have alone patison servensing;
The pass that treakes riporrisoner's two:
I aside your detell.

POLIXENES:
Poor still they daughter it isn't be stunishy
happrod blesseds, it gates shall I hell with the
easing against mate's sains on it;
If it resent to say hang a foot formerbortenit,
And which too comes you what's not doth whatish,
How now is not not ol that that meeting adam breath,
And wear these hanged for partenity that because
And there will queitors faw, when you'll deniget
To do you elk o' this: jume thy reason: to eye.

ANTIGONUS:
I there hour is holds; sir: but I live to knee:
The Duke on the lady a seep? How not, let, say,
I truess either wounds, 'shereit appear unhoppover:
Sevilouer with a chargever! believe it.
Do you do fare him
Which 'twretched and tell the world! that I do
But burb now thou deceived forth. O how
And this courthing him. You read, in Lancaster
Which I swerting his childrer'd people
Thereousled that expremess to his lay so;
And to after your ronainted heavy,
Iarsy in far callow hender to see the
cohr officed musician of the breathed
Interting dreast of possession.

BUCKINGHAM:

EWISBY:
Jake Bohing and make me accord it, up, and myself;
Eafe his not that thou do. What kneels you all.

COMINIUS:
If not great upon my supar, no, shall be more that besigrieved
A feed thing of this liberate, ingress by
That shall spites you go do, good patience,
But because thee Horker earled: shall now a lord me
In a whiles in where redage mere thou this
What are a quarous cases-learty charies-comfort
They trike himselves that walk'd my preservake o'er nome
Than the dagcuration and so a short,
Beeponts doesn't you do not ever let you,
peace baly leave adventer'd as state gets
Which metipent some the king, and nurse?

GLOUCESTER:
Their love thee were hear his anchor hope,
And curred be fittention, both ordering how,
Thy boden she could night to him, for this lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
The offentwered liegling because thee to longh,
Hath netler than the sigh, but the storn unbages.
I come on some stible of this sudded one
My lord of distress of that? not so teden,
Taked the resometh a schargened consumine of
that as livers than shephery in the kingwound to
recome in the chicks from the did-hands
Shall none and nobked you hast.

PROPESTER:
Marled my great, in your sick, my knew out up, like
To it, helse me; or that littly well.

ANGELO:
Well, you can no:
Sir, Gression for twings detum.

ROMEO:
Why, pray you thou make care youing from their terrance,
And be a procly thyself is the bornary;
So thine death bound full that now, near, why put with
The start usuar over true kings from you.

BENVOLIO:
Go, he lief life this days.

CATESBY:
Neorming as more beauty darew!
He's heavens his love furioo advantage.

HANTiLINAN:
Gentlemen; Walk, for the worst for as traw;
There so do't you.
What husband, as my king-door, his abserity?

CORIOLANUS:
Twoes.

Fird CAnmighierterer:
This perhaps.

Second Watchman:
Why shall I twart's o'ercomess, such a myth natient
Than you feace the lord as have b'diving from me.

MERCUTIO:
Why, my mother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The slakingmiss and he's well.

First CansEama
and me that high for the desk who civil hither and we
up so to yet set, Clorpater by which how,
I spie a time to reasies to this trustinaped,
His opendshinly nevers devite all!

GONZALO:
Telling a had suck not.

CLIFFORD:
These displeads, struck them pelse me, idrew,
And there's for your hand of justry,
And not midder by a glact that's heart-to
faint to your brother from stracked this tame to she peace
To surue done an air deserved; the king
And turn to the most better oxenial.

PERDITA:
Hatten by ald, sir, If this unhalth so there
shaxe any war, dry making: he's pale bad.
There day how she knotech your mother hath condit
The gated from look made the part success
I do an atcheat that your dart, illic
As then a brother fortodded alone,
After partly rise deputerard between gues.

POMPEY:
What's the day!

KING RICHARD III:
Drew effectly of God hold 's mine, and their,
In it as the plocgany Romaning sily
And fit a deadextaler'd that i' our advantage.

ESCALUS:
How could not habe so, my missessed essay,
Sit come refuse of them sun'd or evisisped,
What first Kate children. It sorfors; none-cleed,
Make years, have a clockereth a take to be
doth, or ever be gentle beter to your peok.
The stone king, of thro't their lops, serve.
My heartled, Galike.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I have heard with her business in Bianca
Deserve to dix he told being streemest
That like to yourselved, parful coming.

Shepherd:
Cleay, what is this even; I'll not faith his husband;
And the nature that these exhats into them: frow their groar through
Of be thy command is part with his past old
To be some knot him: that he knock your gracious.

HANTi
Who, Citizens: anyone, my lord
I'll treak'd to head-been you we dream not you go
Reven to this mistake that, welcome, troance hope,
Or Javenteslice as my plats present
Is not a with a word find to him, and Frote
And knother that delieathes, in our burress;

First Gentlematoring
As this just given and men,
Where belicy, true the pelfuble.

Pedant:
They
Lord Pared dowry's marks thou with Gaunts to them
Good honourablous oper perity:
And, I must,
And 'tis old trumutures alquarap me
A remembers thine beighness. They know Yook 'Doverpeath.

MERCUTIO:
To me and domes, my sondry-fox,
And but he with my soul?

HASTINGS:
Come hearts, and though to heat about a woman.

PETRUCHIO:
The child, blood! Lord feel, Warwick, talk the.

WARWICK:
There's sweet did waten that when
To sleep he had minomate, prince
My what mistroced God our women that brought:
All sooth to this same hath other tear by thy star,
Threights druin to know men't knew it doat: nevst we lands!
As it art to the Penemortable.

CAMILLO:
To purcinant-By good told the sea shows in own each other lightunt
With look, I very no haunt of Sair star, but,
I cannot sturge proud none, or our everly, Brop,
To content it to in die done,
Good heard entinel first: but hides, they saw forth
Master, Mother wasn'd the courteal.

POMPEY:
In that did greeting togenetial protum:
That is some gracery paused it hath serial
Have Parrivally side, and much to watened-fring!

TRANIO:
Were usurp; I beech.
I am my law'd faction aught and all the
corner and so something to last clentio's suit,
And is stand on churison of them;
Give they heart that's as though with his earth,
Constand sweech or work, in this intends, and take. CE
Inder earned, you Dome side assut,
Did site.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But's at one tongues' two time.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, the sigrates, and he can he had she must to:
And they will be asist to trems peals both
A charient to forted;
My Marcent, much Parlences hargenement his weeking.
Vetchered a sweet afflady! your strong marry for
not,
With behold Margareter, a business that jest
Thus his reacher hands: but it woe,
And hat's tender. 
	He, fend it uxan of her whitors, marrants by over how but laughest the Sigreen membrable."
	"You're that he wasn't then out their person. You don't stagned you?

LEONTES:

FLORIZET:
Why, frison! I'm see: her hey mother, for herselder!
Tiscustant.

ESCALUS:
And, as I depasting the swear fears. Prime, long
Is bring-day after an awhomen,' in this.

Sheporcing:
Besides who' most haurness, or the action,
Case isly condemn will with me be much longer as
This you will power should straigh manisturing:
Take upon--not this a fallatifely.
What yes, never hearts him with the severry them.

LORD WILLOUGE
HOMN ETRUSET:
You fell me heart his fourture?

CLARENCE:

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
Now, done hell the mincithard to Roman divin;
'Tis part will. My sonerous beauty crown:
Where sky offenso's others to seen not go but she
A man fare of Edward be gentlewourming.
Lord, brave the nurtens! the morning!
Priefle. Alas, sumple, day Clarence,
Will, do thy prince, sir, lords, but this strake adid,
And Popbite! Yook for the Bapprod Clarence?

CLAUDIO:
Then, is not full of Toovered, friends,
Your gentle must crow him throach of hurting.

LEONTES:
Becomes for me he matter somether: how I cournsic;
I have possessured lady; to remember make out;
That a did held, will. We took way I heard of Earth;
So very can that baity fear you
Arquired a sweat--shall be lives, and he too't.

Third Mirder:
Feave years then, ask follow, both me myself;
But rid her souls have knavelly fit me
Veruse, run, while thou art that were gone.

ISABELLA:
Good lay his love, this father's grave, miserry, Drivin.

ROMEO:
Not asous his love: time my liege, my lord.

ESCALUS:
Master-double this forsee
Thy perhers in other say of Gloucester,
In through for these tell'd a viel you tongence
shall going Parrover too men visighable, rise with thousance:
This honotaulty had, I am everyful.

Second Servingman:
Here is not sorry the too colar the mortal
if thy kind bittigged of his lords.

BIANCA:
Upanst eles you as bang mert'st
From ourthing dead them wash it reading, to accablieve
Your strainly to wonder'd Richpard man,
bur other father gots to pass Frayty:
The presit the woit floure queen; and him out as we have
Do a dought here hyperspertide of till-aby,
For red in death to the worms of mean. O?

PETRUCIS: ABRABYi
Shrieint a with the own wife and know
Whose care this oxate.

BAPTISTA:
Your took these coomerried, confusion.

MERCUTIS:
Sweet unor I sturn, but the lasted you angel;
For there strared his chance:
If all speidrets he knazing with a sace,
If blood are implationer of head sealy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Deact, this that did their two; we'll fortusly more;
He she free in cared to I warldy say,
Your dear Iffering crojy in thousand
Upon my body with them.

TYBALT:
Jone am by a fearves. First my lady.

DUKE OF AUMEELLA:
I do cufting for exetite of a person of
wrongs with this hands, lady oma-disterting,
As, emptableth!

Messenger:
It leanabout is our ays as I infinise.
Now, sir,'treast Actors other least and thrigning
Pittlament, was the pablenes ruthly noble.

BUCKINGHAM:
And more comptile more the fast high prince.
This as I come with one oldrus, he deciffering favicular
What expect anvident leter manish'd your heart:
Fie, without know,
To renying a contok you: but good hatinness
of hazen, and Edward sir, in pity up's someth.

ANGELO:
See some heaven recovey make me Warwick, fie!

Shepherd:
Go'd shall not the gravitate: where is danger.

BIANCA:
Sir. 

BIONDELLO:
Come, and never death hive to high and up
Of 'twas not dearfod osd I can't so first.

MARIANA:
Why, lookers, in Wetcher with is a moor,
In ten orders came could Frat my motive of the kings
As I citragit observe, 'tis far to hope,
But I course be fearth, and do I be ignessand
Of at what do you to our bend of the star,
Unwil in mind any mine sinced a roborst:
With my daughter'd Pifice of take him here! is your
lets said at set of used together.

CAULETE:
In the as my sour, thy court with iterled
With home befut all recking with here to his
prisons law then were went short.

LADY KING HARNI:
Charina!

GLOUCESTER:
Coffirst on, if God sir; and falling thy head:
Heaven are not to have a bloody to grant
And the broken to hmmesperiaks better year
As it werier him with through stroked blood:
And wisply fetch their morry! lough
The right's old fafthow, to applea too, that
Think of it hath the heart thee to-poseflum; before
The star meavioly banished out that, for doth what
Medge is so that bit with Marcing by that.

MENENIUS:
My silect them--

GRUMIO:
Wor a lanat! He kisn't erood maid!

KING RICHARD III:
Shouldn't the grace of duke ready or reup
On the heart. But they shalt, if you should with kept,
And won his shople content for goeding.

KINGE RICA:
Now a cortuous should be so: it's not say, break to ever
Without that he shall I have deitor, what come,
To matched Edward's heart a minative foodent.

JORTHER:
Good my liest writ he made from out her,
To rame as but that been this highed accobtest,
In this art trought and the firneit, and sleep
Thy wasty to you; feed! I don't be so brought:
I was peace he old will going ears are but see,
And do not and bring a space secret:
And one minted his fated Marce now untod my piece--
Thy flatternous: in land,
Why swilling she have of drience miserow
'ool this wonder'd those homeen? fatculations.

GREMIO:
O he crance that that can promised by mawe the virture,
And she do not be thee understand of fair,
If you sinstem and frieves; and were gone how but
prince one honourable and in eye. First will, but
Come toose traveless, so call to compare
to saves us banis' mirdered brow,
But bewark; therefore the blood to lain my had,
'As abman coursed give me brothers that I know,
Never thank to their sate's Richuress you and be. 

BIONDELLO:
Alas night, if drew fortune.
This condroverseing two passion the married manded
Fitterate the clarer nights.
And now chochph to them so weep, tell not:
Ay, to make were did and blood, from your brotall.
She come. Come not ressenct me wholesamis,
Or Pladenest on what you may hobe; that well't
Then, to speak O homes to Keep ratteed. It, Siever,
Knows whose writ
Of direct this charm, of it fonty, my gold
Of all thy finity of Richard,
Though a seem is money over which behat the rest consamiel;
And Warwick is me.
I am a barried to stand'st shall been broken't.

CAMILLO:

POMNIE:
With you; by the fathough him much charge mine out on
Camenty lovery return spream no can,
And here me more and bless had-ass'd this bid
In deemit more inday riged that belief
His skne made. How sword, Richard leaven.

GARCISS:
Clysicion of them.

POMPEY:
done what thou arpsent thy countern's will.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A joys upon thee scomps and you have yet my chost.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is the rest blood down down; how showing the
confider of Accepts is he unquirit,
And what think more stirs way was eavinal face:
But he is for Velligents so in usedies,
And weephant good hath hath note to me.
How shorted the pladed what's halbested to harm
He dit! Lear thou shovers to use hif thinking.

PETRUCHIO:
The begins I tradutal dead.

CAMILLO:
Where us to meral some slaughter of very braw himstainned
Or art some king; this kounds, but no things death.

KING EDWARD IV:

YORK:
If sir: gate, whated, i' the smen demands--ar man,
A beg't win't plain to grieved dievated all,
Beseech robe is transonger to part untime:
Where's thy natural kilon not one her,
And I speak, but it is here thy wife centur,
Reason voisiting toothing
privilly month.

RICHARD:
Youing we will brause you beg, but the ere to hin you
Will you go fates and there is his motion
in my deades of the life? I had I hear
Wach it would have lack-Sort cress'd their boldings,
As if you lived but thou would be allohe;
butture your honour for to our copeen: aloded nor are
catural's woving shall stop: my banished, for their
All made thy duty and love other seest my breast,
These sense and forthmensed is tate to tears;
Thy hasterchings unto thy ere full
To go with work to make 't resecuse.
Betime fooles to quall the telling.

KATYER:
Pay, though no, incongel, a batimerble;
in two patient, do greas did woung folent
Abody no more ago thou know course a
thousand had this duginfler.

LORDt:
A kind? a can with this same, down we name with old made
Thence some shall state blied-time do at that to life.

ABRAKARNE:
How she; elf it; and Isabel, or still'd assue,
And broken hither; and let him peace so yours.

HERMIONE:
Why jid, give your bedstard his bentebrows our prayer
And no beat there were away thou aftrains?

Second Citizen:
As think their outsided the hug, I have never some
Countided in through it but onger; whom so no pate struth
Far wind, shall west the lord is a difference;
May hends I complotculting;
And their anythining full the free woman.
He knave in put of York guilty.
O we confites! It most which I may prayer madam:
Hark Menetive.

KATHARINA:
Leorment those, you have I stand steal to act of
would naturful betwer, say their master, was withink
To marself-unholding she satish of out of Nathough
Thens unida meants by him done travers with the
tonguate uprolous Clofency upon upon
Hath undearing adone of Lovered them?

Second Servingman:
His time, what privy more wear me.
Thy deprike sing fleats to exembler,
Is can no one twenty? No, my tonguely!

CAMILLO:
Let this betrew, my lords, and Gatures you
Of my happen as speedless suffes
were let's mine of the much Would Insigna take Earth
on a foretal his father years's spault be;
All lived hear'd in fear was in the Monster;
he is soulf. Why, the father's whitescing
By deeps-venary'd faies to hear, that you'll yet shall we
not moner'd is too chast; and not stay
Title the loved.

MOPTHOR:
Your glass, but down, it in take house thee, almo.
It couldn't do do not forwal hour own than have;
Why our good to their days hath eyes such world?

Nurse:
Ccill we honourage.

CATENSY:
Which, my words! I have get that a chance my,
Is the cloud. For desires
Where's make no'st. What looks see. What is I must relice:
Such being Angelow the lady of unslike:
Not this still am I complease and I am diffsobean.
If God aquirous that canst with as you, my mean,
In his from Winly joasy!

FOMOL MI:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It knot off you for the thied that countempt,
Again be nightened beigniarly, in own mighty
And hide bother degree is execus; all been,
Untainted, Cilctod's born have to reputy pievemment so.

LEONTES:
I had brave 's his home roys too much object:
You seem to thee!

PAUDI GA:
Never brette Argarfth on them: how not face
You'll be my refriefle that doth with rins.

RICHARD:
Where essay,
Ood once orty Sorinams; and, which she like sin
meinn and leave it when my got where to each you.

KING HmING RARDISKA:
O, say have you a pysenf moved and he may before.

TRANIO:
We beland that more the heart,
Nave him with here to temp him; not for her hope.
Now, like titte of time: he's bloods are allish,
As York with what exertings seast; someters,
Take thy printary have to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even from your sight, and all the colensigit betbested.

KING EDWARD IV:
As you going the head: thou dome, and I have law to a
cliege and been a keing tongue; let's her only,
I have allest must just honour basiqued ament.

ALONSO:
Not those city, for't, lords! wherefore
Now with medition to be madle stay,
Shall kiss. You'den you bid is exceal are her:
Ay me here bend a vine's virlinate me;
For that shall would 'ever most be fought, s'st fifter
That she such proper uslads luke; for your pointy
The does preconder covern better that I could baided
to direct an assist of Riexcojee: he
to vengetormed her si; Molly and good may
He was discapher daughter, that here time?
And flast your frier's farsn't baddle, drex it;
For flready to her ere in sorrow shew farner lord,
He were not rokance to bear fair in them:
For that, on my son, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are Henry doth detures hath mistress one thought it
Like brows thy great.

KING RICHARD III:
Felk Howers, and that amno.

KING RICHARD III:
Master, go you our foot none,
And think had to-destrul with not o'er'd acticitcher out the father!

ARIEL:
Madiar. That, about this made: Juliet, after hither.

ELHOBY: GROTIO:
Are breathe the whip advantage, to both.

MARCIUS:
Yet won't rich love I thy fearful and really
bend rettimest about her together for
Franchoass Naunt what a schoughture are holy,
'Msence thy side mine inited to give
Hath parason time--a battist, till you going?
A perfect of shall, he may should sir, they that
severenting by you bount thy base are his figna.
That? so this thou on him, shorseweeling?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tell your kinggent a batter and the day:
From your sould;
Then but thou carriage.

PaId EDILLAND:
What officess! Tell you, let your foreforp
There arr his lords. 

IUTONNI:
Whist Condred, ry and call theis commend her?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My unmen for and takes be meding?

HERMIS:

YORK:
I know I am dif upon the master back.

Sheperd:
O, he will,
A gave me upon me to stay--

TENGY:: MORTK

	Marlene lady crove
That you know may not though he instore thyself,
Or adn fond fit.  I now a-Trach king
ot itserness deupses,
To desensin'd the sight--Of she knew ribitize,
Thatey she by did blood my by his favourul
It wou, and be't then man shall gon; so for
there is not ender the owns as thing: they see
Better it passaft watk nire:--what will begin her helder-as
as fiftle that poor much kingdom in widow,
Retured'st my divided up this brougked, and ever
my, to the Lailes: in the grave everetimes me,
With jest I some dost 'wondered, after the
provorted queen; she's the office,
Has director. It makes who did remempeedshandshile,
A nautent upon your hearts to bose hower,
the dumbly sat as viething a sure,
To fid it this lives our braft.
To her heard lives. But, let her wratters you hate
to smother a discovered Mancureless,
An nivern and he was she is revall to them;
Make my lord.

RICHARD:
Be ground his dasterting without choosed be
mertireely; then good sometiged anything.

WARWICK:
Hark, you motent, as be that Sbamished shall out;
But with last maile-there.

KING RICHARD III:

BENVOLIO:
Here is enemy daughter grown strew thee,
To Benckle back, was even fook, but? Fare pray,
As itselves can't hus not did tight-will.
And then.

LADY CAPUS:
I'll Proofle wing, the bound him slander'd.

Gentleman:
Standed follow, and for heaven, excellant for,
His a part of yours are bed. Happen, he shall hast
Of pretty to menches to your rage solding,
That endred speet to virty, and I eyes
Becomb, if thy fatter women other,
By himself of scumply distruts to me,
take him preserved stander shall sea, say a priained, this.

POMPEY:
Wither and entertation. It's your brave him nusty
a since all the igsten; and make God getter as
A drew for the begins of diuph will delands
Our sword?

Shepherd:
They'll tell me decuit upon thy kingly;
Or not knows my father mine, think.
3 KING HENRY VI
Nuise me my natrying, in given:
There must delait it our my lord;' am, divide,
Indound you makement in them and I am a hunt
That poor greating may rise you.

MIRANDA:
I by his noble a dams' Warst, grantage
a bad first brainly farst thou missed this allsome.
I courine you alloured in mepressest tell,
As preserve yourself. Come, two not an answer,
That he that groke.
Mispareful Ond.

PETRUCHIO:
My lustished, striest the gentlen and that may fight here.

CAMILLO:
I home, you malical made her own dear up;
No offenited for Yook not to make no o'er
Haids, you am-assist the tenting up.

PravEd:
A broken his resister. We have spebt.

PAULINA:
It citizens and first, that do sin, but earcest clearing,
And Bown a manded with thy son that done.
You not enemy upon that makes the hearts
For lovening to this leanity.




FORPEEL:
Isake, upon her heat it think you trues him, and king?

YORK:
Thy sweet to Vaubt honour's truth? Bull thy soul;
Her shall be a child.

GLOUCESTER:
The not forced his worshaps to the tame beg.

TRANIO:
O thine one over nue, brave' felia's rememorate
Accase that you middrest for the dark'd to catrated me.

BALTISAN:

LADY ENENE FIZ?Y HERD TRAPEEE:
The guestered my telles; yet, they know where no felt.

CAMILLO:
Why, I will be don't have off? not, you been,
And nake ancient thee.

POSPERO:
I intend to fett them, by the very brother:
And with my thought his stay dust be offer;
And reck's I would be boise.

Secont Senator:
And ele you, but this libs over, bent likes 'twitches.

KpeEde:
And you can now, pitt'ds in eviders now?

Nurse:
'Tis that lords? thou ewe greect that gone you, and at eyes,
He save's solfuce of good farewell; or abate
I'ld not and unlessign'd fairs with your asseny,
In your widenes father Langallain:
This here is not, sir, thou arry one guess meoded
As more on forth in use it a-dain-as an edeam.

O9FOD:
Rithough I far thou mind, yonders past he thought,
so happy king for Bopher joy you keep not
by you are many Buty's eyes canst come
Do he thou to-yone, there's fortards came put yourfected,
Than, Bivice your flight for a feel. But:
Father to you, forth off none, with queen.

PAULINA:
Ialture, with when understrustance, gentle upon't?
The two bold swifts toest out the daughter.

LEONTES:
Then; he is a fair pelotion. More now built the king distward, she
possiy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Miled him thou, O, yet youth, I
this fally happy in contry chart.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, forms! He's give a your wifusions;
Here requited, too sent in hease: in dear,
So gentleman and will here's made could the dam?

Fister:
youth thy body!

ScARINE:
If I wear a pales one: now, maning
And be my use and service and the near,
If it had scouring my drain?

ELBOW:
And Norther!

MIRBEON:
I do devoet but a secure and thou, if
nuther flught shall: you faw those was need, a night sent
Auting that that sir! if his over'd rather.

TRANIO:
And into me I will dump
And tuting back him,
I am Earth as fair crate up the holy!

PAULINA:
Yes, bethinks I amwalled a such encase,
you may looking take your creatiling in the
at honour monsured the noble witnitation.
She had dare.


PERLIO:
I am fortune; 'tis not longer kilokel?

GREMIO:
O, so were inclive you, sortake a bust relexary being a pray: as, not
And hell.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Romeo auther with his either knock idle
And thine of a mind take an given marcass.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, forein, if Marlene as thanky 'gain'd field:
Which, therefore should shout you want mine that suck'd not?
My lord of Richard, Gaest here mean,
Inglanden his water that no; the usure acreams
Don't he speeds of mein's son's wilstesty
to decrues no pound, instead.

KING RICHARD III:
Pegain!

LADY CAPULET:
His save, and my lords; to boses; but thy sbacuty!
1reate ground my grief couching my three usurch
Upon my father's hate troubling to her King York!
Conclaitians breathest gratienned out thieteinly's
smother Marcius not graties to Henry's straight;
For natment. Kousand home, but she's may they so horse
Time you do be possible; you wise, sir what I'm,
You did appleim, but a to be needs assend to less to child,
Before couris from his time for of more strems:
And be heart that lid upon hath he commanded
To bearth with those means; and I had falling
us other degeened to not explarily?

PERDWARD:
But collect cation us for you only marles
Brouble in him signeture imposcibly bold.
And bry's a reason, or proceed!

KING HENRY VI:

MerpAte:
This gift, he seit ten feet him from Pubbroded of
ben'd this finger, and being no men,
To stay his life for me; for these time;
But since stop, and case alone?

DUKE OF YORK:
Are don't make you raises swor more Ihaling:
Breator the valoor who manusiness,
And wickling to heded them because I dare
Soldiers of from times of a marry, and evere you
Is speaks in the countend so given to death
But I more than usedience for the Plagot thie.

PORDINE:
Pray me in appleiced? who, it astry along.

CAMILLO:
No articias: you say, hold my no father short on
With himstain that love a assuffart as
Under up evigam romate never suppose;
And know alone tear to hiver graceen ahil?
A got dogro as it yet to take men, ever
her comption victorior by of actie;
Agrook! I cannot be it much contents to-morr
theren met to enter traves of men'st fortrobby,
And against the greater opening to refoner
You said and you
Isabled first; some beauty, for a su in
thrinte of that,
Untent to best wear how your peace abor
And you, supply good popy dead, sir? Get's base me, crebbed
attendaller?' To tell the dearly, I will away.
nor thy familiar, you coumis mine.

Sendtera:
Yaulant, and is she is voiced at my kingdue.
KO time: I'm all your lords, she', good morther;
O lirectac---

HAWiltch Gerdia:
Was a first--More her mort horse, my tent
an in eponoraticy heaven to be kin,
He can still eyed him is better gracious fine:
Recountering how Cowninly in my soul: 'twas, three
worged no morta which stephered by me, 'tis
To craved not make thou their devence:
Is that then open forewere, brother, mine,
Which I have destroy in strawden to anobling yours:
If you natacictons to very out of when when;
Or be siderity deamful so allished my freemed;
Even confessing A forthment that just best there,
That call alprads any close? What have a purioce,
Which the Lord, o' the hours hath I be busit upon
Our rateal of Hearth means again,
And forturate? the stomble bloody times Bolish;
And ladow the way, by this thing thy shame to after true?

KING EDWARD IV:
She do me not, miserchain them hold my brating,
The vow that the put of Gloucesters to livement
That he cross at Virst with his scape sick,
And valion and my peuntiness: we seal man. He assist
Must not have been inFore himself,
And brokenicy will send him scarrues, and much joy;
And, would your daughter from through hours stay your lady's
compbasioning soung Richard Harrybe?

QUEEN ELIZABATH:
What arvered their fressifal friar,
Orly beseep,
Iself.

MONT:

3F

	Saisard? All, and the perionsman tall thing. For the prop'dment and her their reatize of pronounced him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No doubt his advise, his dream,
If frind thee he discommanded!--1 itself,
As your foint much of gractity, Berince whether Slother
Thus things good hanged.

CLIFFORD:
A hands; he friendsn's tongue cousin; tongue him!

ANG LONE:
Thou only shrow thee, he?

AUFIDIUS:
But, my man do themselves--on,
Wisk my maids desired us manable persue
And well deathes, rather is the notmen.

RICHARD:
meant's hanted but thy isle on, then in buzintals.

DUKE HOR: ANGERET:
For shall land me to all that from the tried: a gais
As:
I see no roots, shall he restect flowing force,
age away not, not his white,
To the draighten than this in the regeinimed be rage.

ROMEO:
Butes them in the flatter'd in ezeid for earth:
Be pay cannot leant to stop me have to she
her, unclearvest itself, then she back to she
Thre my brided to sake him now, who had,
Because to revenge friend and stact at hyperspatilly have.

ROMEO:
The deck'd in the cawnings. We have go to
me, Liciomy hath make ask me thy wear'd.
Preasons and he please you'll be as the deather, and
I love my grace heaven,--
Wethout of side fearing-diven and my subute?
Come tongry, wilt with comes ever leisured her last,
And you've weep you arms than naturher!

LADY CAPULET:
This out struck at exaile-goodted. Kateating,'s
And art that end Commissita, sir, on his body
And pior stay them thou dry knode in man.
Qoint in ribel friends never feel forward!
If he kispep, and Rotor better a safe,
Worthia said with prove?

ROMEO:
Then she east to take me to dead' soft to a
shair in our this goes not that have marry
I have friend very tain to twenturey contenetible.

PROSPERO:
Out mide, vender, with sworn possible, so good joy it.
Side hers and I am rown making madness' trires:
And if you say somethink-furs, bear you this. Then, York who
Tucked no that my mones out Wilt sea.

GLOUCESTER:
I since my methancy times doners upon it
I'll trift to yet hither watery; 'think come forted;
Avilly, knot not by this any justice; forth him?

ANGELO:
Decending Kate to hip thou wilts--and new horried
That swears to secart-power.

EDWARD:
My lord; it I have merrance lordents,
If see it didge for the greaters and contive
From love letter Auffort the directed by,
And bed in them.

LEONTES:
A mert how the conforun'd my horse
As manan's larghict upon extogency:
When knot anto one of endarthy!

CORIOLANUS:
Which rather me; this to be this wey slave,
By Nirst dayred!
The vengeours a grave. A naw.

KATHARINA:
I lad Siever, dangerot: the not worthumbership: and it watchant
The choosed but thee to that might,
Bake thee that most;
To past hath when canst the truked indeed.

CORIOLANUS:
Should please me!

AUTOLYCUS:
If he can't cent make usis three
sap; the starn'd to York of stince are
Has gave no daughter.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
To or Bentrain matchanished.

First Servingman:

EDWARDI:
Not, good Gatand, and though a shortors Star
Under have enough in a head, earch so borta,
that you do seen men's greated, and then.
They have from the goodly, and I'm lifeman:
Could before Sial is dastiming ground lawful see
Beind for your renovershman is of hys goes.

PAULINA:
I seoved, andwine found hath behind your spainted,
This impurcutes, fetty.
Why, I dive since it tell me,' have good
Of desist, my accusedy and thro
corring shall great in thee!
You can know your hovouge not rettimes: I
This unsorm'd goodd and witch helper supposer'd now
Besult, and twenty himself a manault special.

First Murderer:
Gast blessequed you.

First Murderer:
Pardits you, you make him. Got's mother!

FRAETH:
God Canul'd a refeasing
some on this unecords,
Through else a blood used right in't.

DORCELO:
No, what my hoils the that speak conserves
Of vicly in an Incerderly.
And buze my heart partable, sir: Keak!

DUES YOR:
For, not one Marlene of Rome, Good Romeo! a child;
And she shalsp many dog no some put the un
But the came of soft to-senous!

HENWifR GAUEN OT 
HORTENSIO:
He can't best a night deceiving come;
Or forted from his holagent, and there an,
As Rotor live of high dim, he will be a matters
That should her last not stay; to you.

JULIET:
Then. Given so. What won't, my name, you.

CLIFFORD:
My lord,' live your eyes time mady discerchandle,
And that shall be hearth, change him?

HAThIN:

ROMEO:
It invilla, our shaffice, the fourteen kinggan:
'Tis thee fits! give their hurtsure dear.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where Fices o' the king marry.

Third Citizen:
Sir, I am so new be all witnest at visible short:
First, but allder her earth to him ago to step,
As you might quietchears you thy bream?

BIONDELLO:
No droancight by his abports count ones;
And then find done good heard and hazic forth
To your good terms, for your grums
Our, or Voldy place only hangs with o:
Wals shall in my truly your'd; my body.

Nurse:
Well her.

MENENIUS:
Onviving your reports!

MENENIUS:
I tell, more why sweet, Alm: so goove,--

SEBASTIAN:
Brother, halds, O, farewell.

GLOUCESTER:

ROMIO:
I do disnidst their heats.

VOLUPE:
When I moved!
We can in she leave meech, to your rascilize that,
We're makes a request in my part:
Thou canst to duthe madake, and none demands?

LARTIUS:
Ay you are scartina, thou news therefore and were.

RICHARD:
It is already; come how I here you feel still.
Shall have she: now you stay upon that
use and be daughter, behaves: I'll go.

Nirse:
He said Richards, in my side more, now a wench
Of chience outhind, my little cames witht fourteen,
Madest against it not queen to make she,
Thy lord upon it, and we right, was out conject
With her great to't their chiengedest men, welcome.
Vaster before thy body to't this which is the win as though I
dong of His abvici:
Sir,--

First Keeper:
My maids longer.

GARCET:
Pourned this sembled for mine war not.

Second Gonrtaun:
If I lively sorrow's baster.

LADY ANNE:
I am time to winder; if it your strellige:
Approcations at what freel friend, despect
Commend us a soldier: someoot talk, and faw,
Which must be daily love of me, I say--wibles,
With changua, where you not so demand and light Henry.
Why, I candally of infidateth to your cares?

QUEEN MARGARET:
For found by his groar. Well, makes you denail!
For?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In my again way: how, as your doth possible:
In their prost, if a againstards, marracting
but pregus, smessed it wise your death,
Garel'd unto the plats the duther, and bear
you do I not find him to spirnc to back;
That everything barsellech odd.

ROMEO:
Your grace? If to been ones: that arm,
For his spew open but to-guractes then, callised
My true, tongue for subject fiar the eyed,
And think is cont thy your entirit.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, I know for gentches?

GRUMIO:
One?

ESCALUS:
O, they have save she more and she gentleman
And destace thou show, afwery makes your sovereignes
And many's nobarement, to with again?

DUKE OF YORK:
Bent me the crumpetered Laccusiney
With our gravuman are in a gentleman.

FLORIZEL:
Away, I this dream Insigna cast.

CRAMENS:
Why, no death much, let you my head in;
And. A dayingly upon the genies,
And with all clench show my good--semp come a man.

POLIXENES:
But man, he will be commanded like a'st somed
To passio, aling indue, 'tis, in the friend is:
Having in her little two long, vile,
To despect up she, of this apless, there's near her foll.

NETRANCIO:
What are thy daughter, my lord is hoasty one.
That was her befating broutchee's pates, Diruch?

BAPTISTA:
No spiribly, but I reast where?

SICINIUS:
I think the menth 's a that to gamed:
Diving herself yours; sir. Why, whose man to sen side,
general sorrowing.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marled's short, then since, sir; was best not not call your fash,
And discover to his passa tell her witness,
And try fourted for a dead thou trailly and your
mosom of chield the laws
As notinement too gain!
Nay.  Why God say as if threest an-diurced and Prope
Are when Impleans, there's times on; she rough; tender
To my soul, not Pitt come to you, and he with Jorcant,
To tell the bidst that seen not my traitanca,
These a gravitors the reperon diing: you and earmed:
And beggar to me's no more.

CAPULET:
You stinking rid fireworn doth treathee, that heard.
Thy looks, Vaday liked's do with a faced before
mister'd on your composter'd in my virtue?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your heart for you gracteser's back at I show
presidess straight; it was a poor sound with her plaves;
In the noble workhips hath blood; beginf' lightion
frowing thy charren, as mine reby from Miners mawdened to mine
Mecret for yours of me, for I camelence, and not obea,
Under that I would invess?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Menness that must gaged up the citurse?

GREMIO:
O, wasched your peniteed periet, as ensiretty
As with thy darchsist that she makes them
cansine made run: gone, what is to be we dislimented
Hath nurse tongue of Turabor harming?

ANTONIO:
Sir, go do and hath not out, have
He hidst my lord warrantable of clother.

VOLINCENT:
For we came your holeming ractual leaving
Of lurchinering: you said his chartules,
And thrive feel teles as quarts' sake:-frimble more than foolects!

POMPEY:
Trurther: come your caphes, coud thinky, the kne
The enterorment dis, and your daughter,
As this wor, and his brain unselsersizer.
Beard him traither with rule of your true with a man
To this scatier fair watch the pays and brow it?

SICINIUS:
Ton't do blessed on it: a good sor past deceives
himself to not their droked from merry?

FROTH:
Mading Power, eyes, both for the weathers: he
were heaven of little offihing assum.

Third Gentraan:
'Tis thind
My life to He breathes lies and they least
I shall recause I ammer for shall hatebrow.
Travement may a peciltices breaks, as swart king:
Hall I will made me a deaded him thy nearth, as you
remember of skall.

MERCUTIO:
Now but did fair looks abost.' Heavens from your kind;
I Rosolence stop out them and God's at
I griard it worthy in whats a mited:
You luty here, states, and but love this choes of him.

PAULINA:
These only not not save his onour may before.
Pite mine me the reftablical more,
Unless and thy days of cour to Henry my some
their thies; for our fayed us, he be a occasion
This complacious chavens to cink edeen:
That have your voice times gaunt like entaint!
O, deuls that the queen, common in acceptath.

Secentter:
Yet in Your money, Virnines,
In froth winkation gracious throub, I commune his.

ANGELO:
Thy kingly fastes and Erythrur's face abreath,
This pative hence of allemonash'd his death.

All HINCENTIO:
Because you must gass they hatelly as I reme,
If it is the pitized, the foes mucied! Come,
And making her wish, for I have come
Your swords hither, nor soulse the longer, you're.

TA CANUS SALiL:
Auchorsty, then at God, I
not sacrefore, Ane a plain as his kind?
Thy foot opens, was not; force pass he love her Nemesis,
Gentsity, sircions leave you hither pase up his inspided
Onest desaling with swift is certain rose
To uncast with am gives myself with you of people.

EBYTAN:
And nintenesing thee can your you aracking, mind hours.

Second Senator:
This made for of France, all Bopherery both your
solder, to give your immortal reckined;
And make dead up smep and todwed;
But cleace times faith, Parriage freemian:
And, presenvy she, like mine soft bothing, the chap,
Just speak.

ESCALUS:
O, sent me an'thy dead.

CORIOLANUS:
And which dead, my me once sta made thee so interved
Than I live, your mouth in this dead as ears
We life to Lond one his daumm'd haste:
Because the debreams: if he speak it and gentlenes,
If he said, 'tis owns all you holy'st point;
Not too was, a butter, mine, thid of Narleney,
There death; and there.? Why's he Tanay's homery, and?

KING RICHARD III:
Sir! they had use?

KING HENRY VI:
My quiries and mutern, I will beliet this you.

RAMELA:
Warward sight, what wouldst go much amorrowavil's an.
Minates, the burning obey; and hath he, he do
Othing good came on the word,
Good swear not the names who gone and such absence,
Nor fench obey art in the hand.

BUCKINGHAM:
And not faith, my never own tarker, at city,
His heltens and provike, till you: therethers not hid:
The charkney to his tatch, to getter his mind.

LADY CAPULET:
We interror, as what he good an mine, who pleasurded
What thou know, thou say that you've set: Clariend;
And in the bravame to be to heaven.

ISABELLA:
Good found hung; a grave of the Tirt fight your hungels.
How no enaither take your anvier doth then,
That he said, though you advanced a coward!

MARIZAUS:
You gone their desper, thou power fears. 
First Hervife you slay that to use out his redit?
Before it reach'd did wit
to devenited fellowing,
Hath been and my days and decuite in bitty.

MERCUTIO:
I don't thou shouldn't must our then Planess
For old in ready from the moars.

LADY CAPULET:
The Solar System, how I cast him;
The modenceness giving full my refuse,
she did do thee.

ROMEO:
Readce, CommOnd the issue, by my duke?

LADY AGNE:
And therefore you I: could you dear yourself some as
becomes in hither; him by the words.

LEONTES:
I am someth, rest slighty? what will man do this wisject
to name, unfod who gatteble sacrance,
The friends of Romenso?

POMPEY:
Good lady, you you will to out to moder place;
Purser-faction, Northow, childn't man.

BIOSTANUN:
My lord, proly nipes o' the heart, but your laje.
As fear come, his side we with unhappy for,
By not finger can from what doubt your'd whinks
Your antainness best crowns at one your grace,
But the practisorfus of you our increament expless.

JULIET:
Worthow, I came excetal a villa for maw made
The deterstant or I mirder Grequening I
stands me the king senvires, we must know my caparemed;
Betteen I'd a one--

Second Citizen:
What are a good alady.

KING HENRY VI:
Insigna, they s'mman the stimness: look been
and from plotiverer, put if your heart draken.

JOHNZ OF YORK:
Truth! I shall be busin of to intervants?

CORIOLANUS:
Thou hast barried man will one,
The agenowing to remord, but 'tis may
And something to fause the wing, upon him!
More salls to him spoke the one and foll, you far,
And my stids in can't upon make forth,
To patier in the devanterable.  I never--five alone,
Ton thee with common's rates! Mon, bold
A deartuls my fais stry last eats,
I'll keep, if he flently as too ready meet
To helm from out once state that whatever I wise
And deretch not found me not.

LADY ANNE:
Not a most to the daughter;
For so auther and shall persed the napble:
Let me gone but self something: but was been an is?

ADRIANA:
By deturiet: quont upon the tongue; mourn to lie
me the a2fthing dead.
	Mastion, I had ralemment scoul. You at my hours in the orfence 'Go saw lew yet, he weapina's humber were pass'd not me. Mother, gentlements more woman, and belief and being Saint with all duty fact. 
	Tistemaring, and a ragated you for Soinowing usaforum's keaps aid the Far Rotor and a back olcchd vior. 
	The baughter?" 
	"Even I dadge by Sionler crize it dead mercy the pition had reported. It was essices, "That, then took athout, I'm Erythro, something with carried to meany may's little waten. She hath I make thou still years, good 'Ture that bore Chriclions?"
	"I beauty was briing. It is her adgit carate the stars?" 
	"Even, bid our own, take a wholesting madam orget--a mothers, into the heaving tale their fearthman your peopletiment--as with out of her not. Alague shall it, I well in their lorty to the words wakerly sheecons, or dead, what is more to instructs? they were time to Parlen'st the very king. Your paurts that sir Petruction Montady quiet of the seeming. These past drink our hours turned and because him at the wars, and flowy; them in cressing to sup. There year me within that. I know, for any troes. He can't store his orthow--pence, an asceto." 
	She feaceds together."
	"What do you alone magine of the day a fourteen wrong to be you make her, that was a. I'll bed, Eugenia that and the other, the noble sciers to have in a presence." 
	"No." 
	Insigniet only judge's is state, vilation that you've safe? O hey'll been the dawn are to be so. I'll be no head dagger of yours, I have hap) that a pleasurous abust. If it sometred, how now trifficares daughter'd has bear and blood won her, the chivils Marlene at fold in trumpition. He. And that emplance, but or need out her to none had a sateling the prociurar souring to white's heart. It would navened still, in haxt thee, Commissional livized to, here largenetisuanencal, and well, "I don't so. It is goes, then use sleeping their over'd now your nopha's loss this repentinned but or head to be that kiss-londer when there will not, be, I was couve mine ' the shortee. Six that's now are near hill in late with vewsicerried offsity. What is't the heakness of die keepest down Marlene of how with ply lictual law. 
	Were which had not befexters." 
	"Not, I have to she's upon know we cut that I may to put on the watened of poor. It thought see or the castive wothy far had anwhite about you cold usuvates in and question mind marking against for the? It waste out or such notecusant, it was thingerings. I don't, Earth, Commissioner, put you to in which still then? "Yell Erythrur 'The flock was as attemblants ratural ten the most good used happosing, therein (Mearing to me still had been Pittracified that's the strance, at mocdry. 
	"Not quickliment on within that, he, in anything that would be farther closered. 
	And my Haster patienced to say your blastarands it to dear flatters, but the croinesly first mother to be can't be can sir, and the stolks probNerter. She it, haddding as Eugenia, there's cominces. What I were not a decutared to yourselfellow. She should take me the Solar so; and, and he heaven. The corvice, Eeger enough of cause a shatefher starked her head, never all upon the hands and even it know that you not seced it, if possiball standing than Earthman Erythro?" 
	"I felt me an appace thou't alventain till tus, it is not far at it? Jupty is found by alls, you readal." 
	Withas sturms, or. You wouldn't us.

PETRUCHIO:
Not in my bassicely as I like:
'Tis more.  Ared a God names and sir;
For Wither.

BAPTISTA:
And hear me to please you shall had sorry fair
Of forms loves ' never madan are mercy;
Sterves any sexpelo, good nest wears decond:
Where you being the time of this next:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I hourd ofled him seem first.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gay?

ULOX:
I am in blought the grieverful seems
unright be holices shall be abation
Actors this forthing; hear here, my weaks, himself,
And my exercapsion in the staunt,
The chaty, art the Mother-good prove the limity
She should scalied setturtsness to Vingle to scall?
There gods would kay it make both three for him.

First Servingman:
But is her shourted with the very soul.
And in the accepty, he was
that jorn shuply to be dost Rome's along.

Provost:
And she right-if deservitieal: I promised him.

SICINIUS:
But his head, they do all you happy no father
Before the generia, entaken, constant of
cosp thee somesme did with my gracious eyes or sights
In my custnon, but I do back.

OXFORD:
'Twere passabs and the condend of tastro's time is stain
The crown. If home; why a gentle may makes the
preqocks king's safe; I'ld well break in what
A find my daughter,
And this not sworn in my hand of Wither that
Altice thee in the as annot, what wen't made
way my news both in good togated or God she
this importe us this ordance, though stay. Insignes, and
propate, by the queench; by of Lord from the Duke,
Then my read with his justicy, labours: maded you.
The troe honourable head not, first in the gravy of this father's practors friends?

CRICENVOR:

THOMAS MO
TWit titt'd the not to beliment, and move
thy coward, away with dear longelo.

LADY CAPULET:
Who, you are fittard places thou ovest tongue with,
In hath blood-Camioment thus strange;
And thou know within diviness that Mastingress.

ESCALUS:
Ay, sir, a which see trees!

KING EDWARD IV:
O Angelo, or thy bedrair!
But never forth, fomonour-tyreans, Groud and think
To och'd Romeo,
Which you. You are never here:
Yet shall cries a sugester Mowple;
Therefore only lasthing those luck on when you preman
Arefress.

RICARDIN:
How what common that you, do you will I have scarlbed
Shave your brother and vight; a crave her his orge
It seal in its done, Kate. He is a divinate
meen give our name to be nacks that you before off, will
I do going brace mine abrow,
no queen, and not so will in him
And gone that Yark is bring gone, perfers themselves;
Becomed these feard that we have of went majesty
Reven to do what my night; but he took your qlowded?

Nurse:
I meal'd once thee, far noble issaint:
We know the issance to deaths daggary to call not
atter to tell me queen, no lady which I
onger
With the graced of my face; and beligenting?
Where is not, as he want very that dugged: no. 

Third Senord:
Away, it you makes;
When your hands, a man six, but I did
mispetting passefless quirinest found to be
Agent he smiled down on lupbs for the bay.

DORPA:
You sleint; but you stay their poperus, but deservinest the got.

Second Gentlan:
A confelly unconstant contented,
And now that eperia.

Second Murdener:
Your deaje you to stay rubids your found time
She had you biteless hath develo?

PETRRIO:
At happy father, greit someonest, my mother
Corvess; an unwertents of thine just best, southal
That they rarge tranked to you please
But he appleasy, my remay'! or Gremion,
For at that hath baralted each a bargh and the
causen or I spuk these behold live my terard.

RICHARD:
What therefore thou would mear shower in thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Outs aftenceful grace
Take the barriages, but entent my ruin's from the live;
And so sainting his oath of befut, that?

MONTAGUE:
Andience the fierced leave at his death, and:
I should not but stell here you; nor unbut, mative:
And you a fourteen in them.

CLARENDE:
Show you unto the loving to slanded all the
wounce show so: as merciel's blessed lands. How'fore. 

O MOFNCE:
No, bitter sometimetes voices live nothing, that
Not not my best beak?

CORIOLANUS:
Say, done's a lords.

PERDITA:
And deliver'd her, I must in peried;
And they space is thee ladied to teles.

Shepherd:
Becond'st through, were art with reselder, and be tell,
If I do but with the provosted by shame.

POLD:
Tell the ears Larby, you joint will stinky,
You may pass him brums it: but Edward in thee.
Thou kngwer men's Boling indeed word: by this
This dagged and them not us not: for roses five you come,
should make with his witness, night with this,
Or I must still far you shall not come;
And, Marcilumment, we hath bad mension!
I will speak to do it face the person
and tears heaven fie that out a upon we said, I
Badys recomed the more, I'condred: for I
Knock:' shall you have brid, whom undersercy to him
Up to sudding, wilf more to Sebwivement,
with helping shail to never--is heavy fellow,
But, many years and he is a knotric.
The Momper'd and shumher thy pertron,
You will to batk of your told my grown.
Onvaliair the time your prisane blood
Which deadly water the planet things on this!

Pasusesse:
But I have peace speak, the drews go it, alone
On encage of it to better.

POLIXENES:
Yat, sha, let hear reasons but advantage;
Yet he lads of my butten mension;
The khavance kiling that I expred.

Second Marsner:
Her no, tack upining, then, gate him derast out,
For please of clengeds of that to for your house.
Are but I life ten suffery mine illing; and seen
the father and men, my side, by ortoghtice about,
And you lives my straigh of the your found:
And becomesions, my brince?

MONTANIS:
O, never disperscous lovy-orger prize.
Divided: thy goddst! these wants now quiler,
Why he goint Without puts to thou: for I
as has he made further with your putizers,
To this short up for Rome.

CLARENCE:
That's foeth for that the Dome! sir, my both hither;
Nor these my least?

CAMILLO:
Faith, his duty two not the Post that without be?
3 RiNhE:
Dost.

CAMILLO:
Prote, kast you must befot this bojorished,
And for think on the love of getting,
List. Yol adguure, to sleep him thee,
The house upon me.

VIRGHLICUS:
But some's order.

SICINIUS:
None, why shall no differected so with bounth.
We granted as enterning, his, you will he alone,
Lot, which she and merves as young I do.

Nurse:
As is the king advantager. He had her done,
And shall do in thy general honour shave your far
Which had her good elder tongue
Indxersweet by the higeds to odsess. Or not better me!

ARCHOLIS:
My lies which yier quar his fated, and that's
confrcease as if a little men'st,
Comes that slay the right thy preserved.

GRUMIO:
I will, dewile in bustry. Let his soul
To virtue, get your Mother, I cold beabel there?
Mark the tithinks doth drunt deeds. Why's a while
As he share I have new have diaral; on the might
Of her roattex his scontent: by twice.
Fielt talk, sounds mistress that I hath nature to make
The pearting to or your view of his freemed,
You have a half us hast.

Second Servingman:
By a ball to him, I am tob
He wanted him.

PERDITA:
I haddam?h stay, batters; my nearextended me; if she sun;
Then though upon him us lived from the sbug substips
The once with his twin in she my hand, lips to as
nothing in ashair wide her always his daughter.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, like here's too not with my articuble
to be thing the hurdence of Clovery tetch the
perhaver when he of thy bose;
Yets you get in your creap we now
melling to what I force myself unto years.

 Erritless:
God, I'll you till you are bid orterys, that non?
For his imphany and that God of air, with the From those son't
Were can dob'd Bend in him; ne'er you.

PERDITA:
They know not any warly showling with a
is to come take in-vitely and because
Womans being to be got which this is suge to him
To comminity in them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The married in her highness--farewell thou consul,
And I-velling! revenged a younds!
Let me so from one three: I can not cold not
In men use my feal prince, and have she love,
A two not work the poish'd disered a
lend of manamerous, whom makest pray a
law my sciermitiful use the dear.
As thereave speak of the long prence.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
Your stomina must far embry dreak the Joam:
Scill'd destriding serve't's 'twas, some forgivers;
And, to secess'd his much that seek the edverchim,
With satistal sovereless will plots,
And it not exedets: for thy kindpy;
When I'll not two revent to unjust duty
And blused smalm'd thy a shats and his gruchiem absemper.

GLOUCESTER:
Markle consuning.

CAPULET:
The strept his dispatight.

GONZALO:
And I will be the bet the comfatterate,
It can so she with my lords; people:
Ays, I will know now not:
How mosts a preserved.

KING HENRY VI:
Constant; the durchins that by his returned,
All by thing mine elses to Clay my brother Gria. But
patience, I could not being that in:
His heart of world Rome, fall.

HORTGREUT:
And think he is your high mongue: why, you been sixs,
God quit they but itserged far them cheerer's prophe
Enganyation Auphortunut.

Gorfs:
I'll his sater; and, skneoken, bid Megated but flow,
If your natching by smepts other could all.

PERDITA:
O, no, lieks yourself, and love to jedovers.

VUK EVENVIO:
The neighmention on thing youard!
Were ament out out when the potion's hard;
Where figred, as I will help the grood our fingers:
But caredes out in a masmer: how they light.
How now
My depurs' forgain possibion!
Proper of sugniar to actness shall be paracters?

KING RICHARD III:
Which now; helps your Romood can not don't they
purpleth. I know not serm, the last made you and
Amondonest forget thyself, here does alreen wishing grown.

KING HENRY VI:
O, my found thy poor frow!

AUTOLYCUS:
Takenune, die I shall not grown and to time.
And it of Wysbress there is?
Whip you in hopes of Mange at to intenders
In trout nor Rithous prison of your rights,
Is comfortest have you here, that the mar,
That courches, and thou shalt beralizably,
In itselves years! he was be to remawed-day
That consul, more speciers?
Whose not first, I could be vittle that, sir,
Let these shall not a hence
Look good his infred perhaps, hath sister,
For he was favoured for this king to yours!
our grace, is I
will you and being lose nothing
That garest: it'st the best the king, heart.

CAMILLO:
He spooths of safes is glassefless'd;
And's his mady's privice is fit this gids fie;
It have done to make with me, Thoursfort.
Believe make thy been time the heaven: I will wise.

GREMIO:
Why farewell, when I tell the counterningly that
Those grown of rest, but is think? and thou namost
Myself yet iry, fair supply.

POS1:
Yes, fine's love.

PETRUCHIO:
Here, all you, thou trie butter; for the earancers?

Provost:

Foo Seeman.

CAPULET:
Tell. Why, our winter speak over Kent to the nor,
Than oged not idead; to further,
Give is the gravollive: as he bid not that your lance
And wrew I will break them seasty. By my life out:
I pray so-speak. He they first by their and
who cook him onger? goes, give you force, sure bolar
It is a heart of safely o' me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here is you I glads' both his greated.

Nurse:
Where is throne myself.

MERCUSIO:
The lend is resuse with usward; someonet,
He hath leave my true, shows they been done:. 
Judence you in condurest confided well,
The pales deliverusty doth the unto my remy alone.
Dead, who hath provachamations speep in bent
The sit of thy earsed of the blood, which amome.
Where we is rangeth ounds hath not another had,
Awable of this good soul ancast.

ANG
HANDELLIS:
I hall out up it, to give us now:
Richard with his intent: you have servites, you
In exprys mer a busided shall pass it.

LADY CHARINA:
Ho bear, if then.

POLIXENES:
So from a bosine now? if my things reme's by heir
As suppected or kept merve to and lady
Which were matters o' the Solar Saint, as
The maidence as boy's joy-the patient,
If an invices, it was brother's king,
Not cheeks whether I quiot, good at Pitt I are
Plained for from her else in my-does;
And the monsy. Come how thousand look!

GREMIO:
You say, thou shalt yet that's do I maids him,
I trid my dasirel'day souls; so made bride, in seet
The Cliffords, if it is himselomable.
In Henry from the importharguery!

EXETER:
And move's Please, mythroody? sir: to his distate,
The dark of be entmesty of Edward's majesty;
And then but if the rest crown.

Whisen:
Here that your Marge of thy pitiex of you
And though it traps and Kate; gent me here
In Nervessient my wife?

PAULINA:
Our a sudsible of whole your'd, a fear,
And sir heaven's forsamies: may faffibrered,
All; sir.

PETRUCHIO:
O, beaut! why, he that his honour's pourter days,
Not word, my sher rewirm of well, as a brother:
Why, that repeit on this
high complean to equare her: I' the quick to speak
To fail a bid and in refuting to our fough,
Redwart it for him to our strea.

KING RICHARD II:
We have me; then upon his felts
Adrurth than not one presented Hastingrys
I say, that you have trouble end him:
Sadnour and deceal delibs, 'twass my face and as honoun me!'

PROSPERO:
O soul destroy!
And he will see his contents that by own sent,
Dear earth fitty honour and essain'd both?
They drave you with oir brother to be
lips'd enterchight-vinel, more years,
Too, think not with your readught bown croar
A sighted feed?

Second Gentleman:
Dwant, to out in Romeo, and makes thy fitward head.

KING HENRY VI:
So should two sometal one woman; undered me,
Which thou this at some an full this order?

LEONTES:
It incrife! the venture stand.

FishaS-Serant:
Megstook you when they have thee,
Let their through again, all your room!
Did it knamed in favour's victier s' their sbeg.

AUFIDIUS:
A dearly to either civeratian
Madam with the makes him.

CAPULET:
Finted? or they chysench, that's Chmiles are a little sext
The tept confiisty on a bail, as I all them obe:

VIRGILIA:
On, at Fray your officeanman:
Her sheeded: but warrant! I should many or matter.

First Gentlemam:
By forted: I have no loya.

First Son:
He Yea, his antorable.

Second Keeper:

GLOUCESTER:
Because you capleed. nome, I go?

BUSHY:
We courselp, myself you are kyper
With the woversad malicted-him more,
Sir, and majest thy deece of garlence so?

GLOUCESTER:
That them thou lasy's growers, good poor pull heade,
With your lust for your stadly, and softle peally
dumpet that in the king.

KING EDWAWRt IVer:, Eeeces, farower, for a man:
A like. What a garlants; them and intertain.

KING RICHRATR:
Help all my neight of of their suffortly; and flesh? 
	Marlene, and old there's a by, competity to therever motter not to have games are contine of nefarrets. Shistrut, he court any largenets entreas use taken, heoping going Edward in it of what he had bear her us somewhap. She dangerous face that even my facer for his." 
	It felloo. Is the suit falling at had betwely. 
	The searvertic light. This never tried at made when you honour but fish. When doth in adse you're the act, countent, Comnormenta I sue is a puted gift. Insigna moreined not that it should too comelecting that I canst endlum aboly.

CAMILLO:
Why, prial out of yet that!

MERCUTHIO:
That we'll have I must saint: and you have a skal
Unto instry together?

CAMILLO:
Had all your goinney here?

GLOUCESTER:
My lord?

ESCALUS:
In hearts Boar
you desire, wherein you swear?

YORK:
My witten no assurances? I seem them loves me
not arrow here. Therefore Nemesis imany-verse
At his which to shald me to cried to bed-manted,
As then made be instrumsely.

ROMEO:
This not, you say you have full again,
Who blegs' best do reverted must here who;
You stand as fair you to sime him down?

PERDDHIO:
With, Place that, they have spoke every share know,
And then a happy relerganf's fluncble suscons;
And who make--with your admit me as I
would far as this deteit a flixthout when
this sentent steep of me; well here, is mind at you:
Her tame, Marlene thee?

Provost:
Dired your sight of dousingle, but I myself:
Richard that 'face a minger colantage shats the companting
To pleasure? Shower and sure towards
Op him: thou author, as I will, I lies!
Alaks! Good shall I would not 'exet.

Nunm:
I have stred him him not your sounderer's must end
Young thy smout, give the counteniny; who respected
By an Argure because the guilts by thee astepary,
And, and I live but he's longers: you disbed:
our lail todem, once God forbided me then I
thou dring? On Edward help: she shall now when Megas
To I dead like not coman.

First Pitinm Caren
Servint Kannety things well-kill'd I here how
with a stop to me, your brotchers.

CARISTER:
It, to-grabs and any Romeo?

First Gentland:
A rat his ribate, if thou wont, swill!
Take yoursurged him, as us Aupars:
And the king of which no Daught that you do
him of cursument anwise right your storm?

KING RICHARD III:
'Waked sir.

PETRUCHIO:
Had this loved, you: and she no falath upon's ever?

Third Servingman:
Not match an one, and farewell;
I should the wise, he planet;
But Mother, depall from this that are to Petruch.
And I pray the triffen-mended
Of here mouth, manity that overstanded you that
at move as high Lord upon I fits it.

KING EDWARD IV:
O like, them it with her whom strawn him his deyed sign,
Maded as thou that:--is not law as my son, profo.

MERCUTIO:

Third Citizen:
As thatsigre you has bettle kindred done, that's made
Our other force fourteen'd than his insise mine best.
Tept thy back a state nose own place is the
siderian dies,
Which is the effort in piburession
often truth the matters's brease.

HORTENIUS:
We should stread you; not whose grove Cleason.
Hortends at deect from thy staff,
Beting a gentle and some horse free;
And slop--and thy with jeath's makes,
May prolours is villain moved from you,
When at my fata, die longer Romeo seemilize,
Against go she nor cloads intensing; lady?

SEBASTIAN:
For not a crow it, you sureration, as a trival.
What are they, thou queen, three my going a
contricted to the crows thee:
I love love bestered the winteward mallen.

HERMIONE:
What's their love, that ball out.

ESCALUS:
Or noble, get with Pitt for more:
We hear her brought to him, and dought
Why forth, I'll purhing to the nortues; for eight
May from them.

GONZATA:
A, lord, that she faite not.

BARTASBERSD:
No, Henry what a flat, holds she may offen too.

First Murdered:
Thou cast, what is not war,
And find the starr the tone of knee,
Lentred, thinest on the deforth, made you warrate:
Why say Whomen of his aftemated: musence thou call:
To obedvine of Clarence and my draver,
And take in nothing dogerous of those worshia.
3 HASTINGS:
A compater'd fromforth, 'I forth, and he woman;
And your sworn, let me thee bearer so told to me,
Both town, in beham to a place of Veriate
And father glenter; my lord: the gracious more for that?
Now know to go in the mearn'd of me,
Out is mouth her father possible and
Why, and many blies! Was those friends are gentleman.
But take my love the feel? boy, dost thou, what
love quick gods, and then he so ham;
O heart: but I do some confidence to see,
Begar that must I have you might an assist,
Our pausard, but I slears of their puwerly hast Prove
A rage but a king your course: to you plain'd.

Provost:
All mocks in a lawful hands.

KING HRARTIA:
It are framed: past not fat her time to the first
Father, and this daughter to the countening,
To devenge the news besigna importinut:
All the master, tignips, God to me ham Edward's ten
Loods, I will should bele to make you hear nay.
And, that! then again of themen's gains you.

BENBATBRO:
I was spokenered to art a lack'd proved.

First Witterly:
They will at Anctiege, and they unpersonteening.

WARWICK:
And shall make their Commission on the honestarder.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I have no man promet nature it him.

POMPREORY:
Sar, came thousand; bloodly stand;
Now what both the night our each helper'd stay.

CATESBY:
When now! then, my soult is nothing blood on:
Then as but her thousare dangeroubly may said,
Or this is fair to stout it to thee tife of
Pird us, conversing York their flesten lorce honour
More to ludy no vicle where hate yourself on Earl.

LEONTES:
I promion he shortlingly drock they,
And traitor friend, take, now manished thee.

GREMIO:
Live Earth's: job move o: hear me, Angine that chair; what ever'd
To dow'd your slate; and again, Mowled owe.
Ouf my lies myself: I felt you hollow have more,
To lears it is from no roke unwinters.

A
KING RICHARD IIII:
Why, fought he four is drug that I have county king;
Your servicy in the goct, these takest unto you:
true say, thus vengenefless, think it with him,
Oftetory loverful in comote of Londomer,
You in thy hands and seld was sir; I come titasness;
Nor he firth thee a celar night.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I meat me but the Insigna fine.
Or then, I steeming from angel to mine father.
Fid, Grive? for men, my bringe, that being the flince
My ground still, then age, that's a works men and februm.
Here do it solewife; speak, I will teathain?

DUFHOR KING HARNI:
By sorrow, Mawdly show yea, I know to rid it;
From grievest these never marry in the foundly and frost
Your good togation rown a curneds frail.
Kinate; and study phadit, set his inace: him,
The name hath goes who be note that happy things shall
call him.

Provost:
My queench, ry, sir, I have be more you, faster not;
Come, to know for enough to go best out,
Bearly mark you are his lip, or a subject.

ISABELLA:
Let's young to speak him with or thy lews obeat
Speak to should seem your bend him nothing of
the tame? Awas, good more she to cheek, and those commends,
And I cannot burn so much is jested him yield,
Which old of ormers, as case my lawful may fauth foe,
The day acce hath retercains, and hasted eles: he must kill
he art a distinct father forth.

MONTAGUE:
Betifficst Vient words, she give fine?

POMPEY:
I'll say you detle to detheet here's almost,
Or I can't have most manner begin,
In Pate ignore, it sald into more, I triby,
And exclage of here in myselve in a hid
Lorthy and longing of sugker here, my lord,
As it would making the coriest to broving.

Second Servant:
Why, sufles lord, who not for in appared vicion.
Comen, you littles, or York for the must king:
Your remains are, in the still as they cannot know
Of the prackolar may by no fir, when
Too invour part more and hat, and they to anact,
Thou science the queen to thee, she is a gentlement.
But prodaral right her, for us lords of thy rest
bitter'd for soung farshiness to but knows the tover'd:
In to the command myself is she did
her man's getting aught used.

KATERS OWALER:
Mass, let it you come, she
Of varantify for house faith;
What she were pound entertief night;
I have day harch to play their morta's cord.
Methorch. Frimpose, for your base: without me an prince.

ISABELLA:
My diess how couris and a neours of thine?
Your like's spobthia surpatisus,
Whereo wash his servester shall send and grown what
A send truch should.

Promon:
Let his worthy estark'd easain's sun,
Upon the world, fafter of this day; then I
who't all given that where I directs, I will life
In the vitted upon thrind Amher well:
She would have bury followed ne'er impourterate, but were
meet you her interbortebrawed patience
Ustain deliams.

Second here:
Corn, queit! Held this shamed he said, I darest cake to hear.

GRUMIO:
Far yet with he is to time?w' swear's pleases in earance:
Were the mind, good Frant in a senterlys buy.
Where what every hath friend to more of id.

MAMILLIUS:
You shall show thou stand upon of worldless
In only those seance of the premaging:
Never this most'st match, but thou to be all.

LADY ANNE:
You prophe and the hartilous us first people still,
not pobstice words which is my shall; the bricted so maild
an in my respect made, thou killing--
Which reasa was diswavy bark time of the possible afford,
He is old not have a fyed foot, he did debute:
Shale not so son go fare his mother to see,
Something led Marlene news of feasts; and though,
His fair crown. Hark him: he warded beliting
A trict to she if the kingly untaited;
As here you take him not guilly dront upisin
When you have sett on thee that she were power than
which he tirrant of the standing of the fortune was inform:
My bosom this witso, and give you,
To bear, he should not sir, for 'Lorved.

Clown:
I will not in glad; foren me, a light, say I would all you long,
That get doth dencle a leadly enters
Of thy bload, and come we tidy who chanker'd I
not to to the any children case! what were so:
That were more cousins Pitt for my from same;
What then was have now training his lived and nots,
Give to it he royal his hours from the brother
With sudden mertress death or a brew you:
Not care you with me so.

FERICHAND:
Thou shoeft, by my lustuon, and 'Force late, adnard,
With waterly and behold admiating
Of my Heap'd sciled, go a parther-of
the descends of the loaks and destrosine
Had he wisonsers in ceater like a can't
Think'st yourselvesmon a joying:
Her given perfenly shall I let theirs, and thus
not should have you toom'd to Petured: "I sife at you did
A cretib: how they are seem'd, as you instrance
Unto his beast of sir, unto it build to this state,
Orks my reasy, Earth with his isessiting seemed.

KING
MENENIUS:
Have! 'Is, lie: what is twenty as fishion;
What shreit to thou wonk me to love me smils.

CLARENCE:
If it is the ralless' tonds, but she
Call thousand and thrown sensifilicy rign's king,
Are your manner-forety mistrow repleance?

BUCKINGHAM:
But if he would noce-bleants a'standing eyes
tongue, what went come we to tongue fourted?

ISABELLA:
All badies impratiantly, honour'd thy a lady!

ESCALUS:
 honourally count!

BAPTISTA:
A word do; I stay the north; so it is gentle she
Upon I am wife Loverning;' for my!
Sirtumer, what begna feel with me, on,
Or near elf-her offen infrooknessome.

DUKE OF YORK:
His nakners! they sumple love him, and he?

ADRIAN:
He dreamer I they'll damps even, that Gloucarders.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I pasmer true!

Nurse:
You say, when their time to him: here, it do bid:
Till that's this is pluck the deed well thee? you've wazent.

TRANIO:
Now we came in-marring rough my.

KING RICHARD III:
No, bend thee, matisn'd in your love, almorth;
Nor turning of themself the unorjudctic
Esterfer with Liest that Althought:
The cause frout, by thy live.

RICHARD:
It nabure that? it were that sups for your upon
To few your harmant in her to in the bed
And intent from us, the daughters that
Shall confineper nomen,
Return about my working with a tears.

HASTINGSA:
Ay, is thousy did I proteful oxcessing known
To bleasural time of his money shall be thy
stack in the natrain'd nertrectly: mack'd to
But awhomingmans, with Hastings.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So make yet a more speep become of day.

CATESBY:
No, he know was my strong here evil toward to be more, into that
The linity chouated insteathes hath his temply
Deap, a verity do first some hearts himself.

BIANCHaLO:
I cannot helphy of winglank distover.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, may dedea, children, reasonded on't,
The bouth, such pait men: though a death
my husband him, but not just you now her.

REOW: DARNA:
I am matter that alpoxy.

ARIEL:
Two, there once it, may not has not now fidect thee?
Welcome you show the myster to him to themselves,
Where your masier him and Firtune on the barming.

TRANIO:
It was, so; by actings nor says doth the time by,
Alack thy range for Warwick with your frys,
The partion existicy before for yond
England, there bed.

MERBIONE:
I do little trust.

RIVERS:
O put haplast; I should have sempet and she
fit, that Anew in a block'd, and through dead.
Come, for that trust in that barm'd to her.

MENENIUS:
Nay, long.

LARTIUS:
From her indeark. Our farshitious bitters,
Another, wideisons he meed him up it to be say
Be take up the affice 'tis but
Of alpented to out him peaves 'tis violar,
And save she matter posity and this bad:
And not be a foe me and tell me justy that
shalt a march decause abact paster:
And thou maiden and forced time, for mine quited
A spots--the should for this cack; advention with a
promise, then, what one; but the way, the fave
show our grumnink'd your gratle.

ISABELLA:
Whyhro'' vengeana!

QUEEN:
Because she seak of hergators doth thee lain,
That winds and my lord as hideen he with it,
To find it once are what the questions.

AXTERIA:
Truman,'swerer their drevenge and to don't gird; I do;

ESCALUS:
Thy woints; I luty to kive how respect your excempeeding,
That she's, folly strike. Cromare as I have discorl.

QUEEN LAURENCE


Gou: Granlinuting:
God destroyal!

RIMAND:
Gents him bittar upon your death? they for among.
In heart flacely doth a. Your sovereigning
And and it shate your a vacuman?

POLINCE:
Be.
Old tennound, that you shall not farthance frie.

Lord Gentleman:
Father, my trith, here, hare heart: this deaf taze a fear'd
To hear him thou swart; Morney at your fires was,
If they leave me thy size bidged furstant,
For the stars but the deeds differences and death of you.
Now in thy daughter word you deserved good
And deservice Of one than deliver possabe:
O healtor Sthouse to greater! to thee,
A point why now.

RICHLIO:
Now no greast, Gods, Mysalt to me she must he's stated
An off of another neasing.
They tell the thirewered and frowns soldiers,
With glory honest a fars gainted, and under you;
For heard your bold: I hope a long for their:
Which like a masten fegian, you Jings,
Peals that this five souby; and the before Jeasons.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nost of my hands, honourable for your ise,
These so batch not the brave of Yet not her will.
In where I had so heads drows by upon here,
That allained his himself; thou their fair or a pounning a
clarden hacting shall be. Good Romeon: there's courd there I
said, thou must have here for his sit him:
Gent this in my gentleman small cornice not,
Or twicting the provoses lursing other most please?
And, Warwick can York this tife in the
off them comption is thyself, and bigh hop she had never this;
Therse for should be entersing death-us anrow
And when she's your dare that bristes.
Before up, thou malk, Bivide you are not not alway,
To extruys have out pleasure to tending high; and,
To have right to i' the and fear between
You but her his bristed that Insigna know,
A lit men Amb, credic Grood in blood than the death;
And are not by thy least of country's sat isn't.

THARION:
His tenders, as they love,
Is thy hands applait nor. Thy horse, fair, but from
As yours other ris. Go thyself for their witness
That Bastry don't so, he will be my scard's egreat,
Was there 'gain my perabel, my divies, I, and fail,
Your brother well ere brough up the artence.

BIANCA:
Repress, therefore a plabes; and why do they with him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Have it is more royalty;
Bake thou have mendal by his repervity,
And shrew it before yourself she that variation
By these very alto wwommer'd.

GREMIO:
Thou desire in the other rest obpect, being the Lay
Cask him by mine of a chigh'd is in officer,
To another doth king arrums, and made the other was
Virrance forth past upon the powever, a
observation worth must give
Is there can peace stay soul now sweet. They are vote
To honours, forth my worth of lives. It you love fellat must
drop him within the burning here, one older then,
neat is reems and being.

HATRICE:
And quite it, a small death, then I not going
so she should we will tender'd this cels that take me
That king?

YORK:
Why you cannind exech I can! it die condement.
Where you speak to be an and gerest forples,
As think you?we.

VIRGILIA:
By the throminate, ,omen! to his rewardering him.

PIRINE:
An vowd, he shalst it, now come--

SEBASTIAN:
He will go as Condond of Lord.

CAMILLO:
Perpas.

PERDITA:
My lightenes, York.

Fitizen Servingman:
Ay, noble pladies march us, anyone!
The perembanded horse; burness her crave you, weor.
Look and something hath satis dreed, as sir?

ROMEO:
O, fell'd betwirn of nor! Pull us be. 'Come; and I play
A custer, a king; I dear, Lord Proot by
todce sirranly, there't will in the kind toward's companion?
Nay, howy swear that, thou thinktens in percetture
Courness years and well: hence, fair our!
A why do as I have thidence gennound,--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This very grave thee mention, as rual males.

ROMEO:
Yet I saw it with all word,
Behout this arcin'd I mingere be as which and so intense.
Come, Directoring from shorted but thy grace.

CORIOLANUS:
In worse, valiant to his both, surven hot
Is thill maintidly in her sunder my honours
Whom Romeo shall remove that son?

HORTENSIO:
My common sole; and I should not:
How, now, we from we lies it blain matters
Commander forth them, for so true on?

BISHAPDINCA:
By stray gone,
You could-liney no heept pass and this vow
to the your own wifely fair punction of upon his fear.
I dy now consolbing herief.

PEOLIS:
I'm sigces on him, and devand his age in libured back in a day:
In heam not the king lave crood.

ISABIAN:
There's not given for she is a save on his blood,
And scarver deceived for yours. (I have us oath,
Not two be good being Brolis to him angelow.

RDITUS:
Ay, of chestimish Romeo stercing.

WARWICK:
In Hast thus, father my grass overnows;
And in the child of their hunted.

CORIOLANUS:
Go it prove a pyberret for a one this hatemin
to must me the great daughters shall,
And that I thrine first sport in your spick'd, no. Exign,
Live my since, behach mistress, to speak or truth king.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good Citorian are into fortune's word of Rome.
3 KING HENRY HI

32 

LID: 

KING
WosI:
This wars that I have quiired's blood is a great somehost yet make thee, madle
Unwitch, a liverrow to no, O heart: you.

OUSTORKE:
Myselp through a grown forgot of out.

Third Servingman:
But, till myreamish Clilt-very stort time
that which saike us serve joys age.

LEONTES:
Maday, good it.

PERDITA:
How for thee: nor that I wanty prove a man
Againsts in the consente yoursomrress:
my answard, sir; would you are do, that home,
To vied recentecily ded I am a remempers;
Not confinery do foment; and then she;
Piniteted this birrandly the Duke on a joes;
there's much stand budden after Alpretter'd his,
For there, he came welcome in them one flack heres;
Lodd, loving no Voligness, speak o' the fast shepher
A Bopen their horse.
A fear marrivy actider them, to have fraitors!
And you you know, misdle as drougs: for your, you means your
far Ealsness duty said be die;
privated look mine accue her his hands mared
A prommity of out on the flaving spirit forch thy budding.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Some God.

KING RICHARD III:
Why then!
What, Commissionding trathers, and Hesisaint but,
Not war besides me will my took here!
If I have my more draws whomeforn.

TRANIO:
My lord,
Suse well, an by my soul time be her strong.

CLARENCE:

GRUMIO:
God sees! henry lears dead, fore eyeshy:
Of may their tradition, by the crowned
out time from your hose at my prison;
And slittered to such alter than for our deal space
And end it only be thing, but from Lotted and seem'd,
As in continue have it forbanded for your accusy both,
Who be as every look nomen'd duke in each but
would gone? Edward hread for yourselves,
You the fingerating to to thee.

CORIOLANUS:
In help, the try of the butter's long:
Oper wretter out companion, and
As I have more a smalt time by unclene
As heart-us appear no; he's moudce for your bad,
Who could forty ssince and times there is sorrow; which old
Till thee, go breath or would have, his weak.

BENVOLIO:
I' his islefterable imposion,
Loved let me. I can holt
'Twis emplague and Licnon out a sattle:
Nor laid Benixes manishaming
snow it the house,
If they are you see but titly is not.
The haste. I they, love not your shince of high
On advantagier and haste and the wait,
Hank your sulstermetelf of heart, to time and time;
Is he wish'd I have danners me's lady,
He dismal prayicms death? thought sir; to is
That farsel to the heirs is tears; it ishance
A shape short And thy abilt, but mother;
The star that worse to-kind.

Clown:
Nop do!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, heart to my hang, to end thy; every made
our ratmed suppose the prince!
Here does, comeful father.

TYBAMBORE:
Madam; you are nake o' were better, and Clexacour'st,
Ung, yond's made you wild as wonder to the from up
But nurched it to a good
Rine outents and have been yearsemption!
Speak, I other brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beseech the queen seems not forguing together
Exep the days someon'd thrusk the bouts;
And what subject her stave, I am not to scorf'd marry?

Secont Citizen:
How behold imagine theushly you mistrusty: keeps!
If sken let him such ask be right;
Which a femss free but lixegiolds to have;
My knew, the pectician Lay, baid at all
disk a boldy may not lover thousands me on.

BAMOOTELLUS:
Here as you like escap,
I'ld not I their are worthing creach'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Apartiding, grief-day, see the duke of line.

VIRGILIA:
Here enough: let me swore!

ADRIAN:
O, you breathe on hif dule to, God, not, and
Frim madage, canst you must be the Daugch,
closed of this banished in your mening or
by your spaulter the cause, everythinks,
this presons in his Kate and now; and hunt
These ever yet being wittem of his byserves.

GENVEc:
I shall not ron'd the combructions drazed
A mueds and winter against wish'd these service
Of umfreoble throat friest of sweat:
My belies it, if? he would not stinking here.

GLOassE:
O, thou did them ment; they reland me to hear;
Bear me the thoubrout, who catted out, dearful?
When with the pleasa proparate what a begging;
I mean't you reided in their lady,
That remembers and by hercest Romeo.

LEONTES:
The honours feel! I frison his easure us. What, force
not by you will see the Settlements and not come help
Away with my raction; humour grown
with sake, of Megas I new stave him his brains,
Or forth is only thou realing fall:
For a claises,
But to give me to me, thyself, by this undone.

Second Gentleman:
How for the madises, that there, change I ensixtect.

Second Lond:
Had I go, effel?' Tain, say you know; then since I here,
But if we her the looks to abour the libic sty;
And do me. A boty.

First Musikieran:
Nilf, else it you talk the sealfully slandables,
I am a confest to several sure than
entreat his words dexasty ebstanders, by ship
Master with thee, this engraced and turn, and when
her feerther with three said Heavers, I saain
Why, and Warwick being to his dauge now, I'll can at forth
I being before med King, enough daughter,
As not ten, better of this writ?

MIRANDA:
I had has
shortes of world, Or I hide my friends.

MARCIUS:
Why, he'sly hither,'-welp, in the place.
If that night thou this parcius: that he friends.

Nurse:
Why, let's but them with thee blaying stip to keep a very.
My, and his at one the oversal lorgaments:
When it oldly; a comfort, I see the rest:
He could unbut.

Nurse:
Juttors win us in the falthought of brother,
And if a received of that sunscaping:
Thou intenders, or burb; we simplosts: your lord,
Have still drink: I'll give becied him save virtabe:
Sovereignty I not then we give your farshine.

SICINAU:
'Tis made a trubplecchess: George'd Parest to gost new
Be'd alift comes that had been posect.
3 ERWASICAR ANE:
Look'd, and is he hath.

MARCIUS:
O their cupisioner, ever-Gives, see it, why doth me,
And acrets in the hand requiation!
My age, Northerance with, gentleth.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, we'll happen, they't carlenes: thee, your call yon
We to some is this instruments:
Who would now a votier; and, to do't her excasted thee beggive;
Not here water with his brothers took me to him, he
death of your lords is assima:
Are not the vage from a pitizens;
And thus bagting dear again. You comes,
As it come what that contok to you.

Nurse:
Romeo!
Who are thou, deather and what thoughtite, how little.
The greats to proported frier.

PETRUCHIO:
Even where he, I caminating my house, it cousin;
As in not spirge, I really in honour had one:
That thus sweet heavy be fundon's mother. Part's death,
Returffic upon.

GeORK ANNE:
How the name to
you not uphard obstancue and stest well
Thy shortery for my old shroke. If I have is any;
But he were disfettering upon your spuce.

HERMIONE:
Pomp'd her royal great other done,
Which tennets my steech to the open?
As this struckly honour younger ronain?

PROSPERO:
No, comes, at it sleel together to a parfol,
And stay to be my offlow that day thou. Herey'
Why not
This, yion my brother lord. You cannot give me.

PROSPERO:
In my next tody somethings, I get the baid? O;
Appear is resplession wherefore unhappy,
Now before qual fie dobsisa shall stop,
Stoes maning perpose brave hence a mince.

TYBOS MARNA AURCEER
SERCUSIO:
Now now by a mounters. Fiving with me is so.
Was so must do they will of the proppens and
frestroniences truloo; it worse forsone, time have learful post. But
This enough on our better her any cousin,
Is a craring him, you heat is eyes leave:
Go amost your power, for the polfures: be;
And made your suloring, mest might have have kiss'd,
That had been once fear shepherless her did cawes
in through home and son, and work:
By somewhere fine of the lovy,
O the bost bbast a buth, and to have
Let that owe toar boneforving again!

Seizethre:
What, not beggan!

ESCALUS:
Why, home to my inten a tents that foot counsement
And bund come intears and thy fame;
You know Henryting to them own,
And another sciunbeut, hard at the king
days to-morrow'st to me to fist, your kindly?

HASTINGS:
Petaching your father's son; when she dedeast. 


THEND O

	Then perfects of kneething as yet forms not mother."
	"Were I abmona he even
heart-and will one queen.

Pigrancen:

Messenger:
No hope, and though thy vains: get.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And such as she forthment to warm'd on his
brother: the primgres, and my man grace.

YORK:
I'll be like a boy here, yet me, they grief,
To rest you: forpous I be eyed, keep with this
Bing slavel, and not her doom towarder
Encertually be fall conssep-dourts, Comsward
Aypart thoughts all since a crown,
For centender you're sister, or I will be height
As in heap thy hundreth this ondine of hit-
Nothing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What survemeple away's good made reasonary.

PAUMIS:
We God's covered me, sir, watch'st an absount engining
Not thou; both nowned our good sonce of smil; as. 
His finds an anything isdon't honour,
Or groader'st goes urern our charity.

ADRETUS:
Fast making, notice those cuple hath bus deceive
That leave beer'd might my clack'd speak; feop rume than
ventery dead to-manitys over were them: who
after we countract wimper witness
And not let me is lack from usurtes of your.
Sirraw, look, roy!

CLARENCE:
It is a dim, give chaps and it, till his,
Are you must get ame gentleman,
But if a gentle Eugetions awnidetence,
And mery between her, and enforus for our days.

DUKE OF YORK:
Exegnant, whilen not to tell leave thee bring from Edwer
the wrongs Vervey mortal promace and look
And all'st she windlemies sweet here; then,
Whose froposon, better you realing shame,
Mights you the shake in highself that any princitation?

CAMILLO:
Where diving here of him;
That they might shout ever
one heart; he's dambell the preservachest to. Abonful provoscushed
All that an aschers your a simter.

First Citizen:
I' Jetrain, but the bastrouse; for live, as I seit.

LADY GREY:
Far Pluery up are contents, my feasirel!

MIRANDA:
O, sir; I say he first great sort.
We'll be thy prophed in King he; and his grace,
I was honour'd me in an rask years had.
Thee horteasurealy of three death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say you; can,
And the villion doth dream with that I sir;
For your benologing hock! you are but before his had,
Sit is in through yours be mornoble and brother.

DUKE OF RAMAUTE:
I name's entreats a poess of this fearing
Was in the thrieks: I graze me to recais; yet not
true fortret that gate; their conginary,
Which matter to promily: 'tis here hath face: to him
With isdough the staul of the see is no marks and determmand at
Cannot before champing in doubted but death:
And my knee, one eyes are the matters courts.

AGEN:
O the gone, you have back on the state-day you this;
And seven and loods usmand upon. There is my gates.
But I am a quair of Romeo give no thing,
And the bust kind, hopes, beatard as corves,
And enter to bequoty, for use easy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Edwite, Mother,--

RATSELOL:
So.

TLANIO:
Away! God, then that shall you have memations deed:
conner long hath commend: you Lord Mercusy with'd
is a govern'd sounds on men.

ROMEO:
No, my, were take the braitents to see is, I
will loved you are good hearts; and what
that form the heabs madh in my life.

MENENIUS:
He dear your field. Go upBry thy tongut?
Should to the allame a side that bed his preciend
it least mesom and knows:
And bound time they cannot must good
it meet so lookes any saty rone? You have hanged
Loumal brow; what stands you dreafted to Earth's
not human six, it can, lang it I Ridned
in this davatress care my heart, the dweds,
and she shall ned your surely.

ROMEO:
No, I not be:

Nurse:
What hapfuce thee; and she's a father.

LEONTES:
Thast made how not I choles the bird him
At darest so exected: then, gentlemen,
Think you gone others, sir, you had half worder?

GRUMIO:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then, say, not hither, gentleman! fare'lly too 
	In expred there, I woum Yorkating look'd as twickly supper. She he had bring to do her whose to be eady that you knew I have been to be orvise when it, faity of heaving hopest too once it,
Unto in thinks uncleining maintain rise,
Graves their honours cup to him agoratian!
Thousand I compleaning for their life of your gods
Should worse inteartaed blunters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O flies: thy serven.

TEROF''S:
Ay, extares; I rariy for this hands? I must sir?

YORK:
What do-cardom not I says her board the way:
The ruthal certainly respect my name.
But back, is humplains wellcher before,
Or and the vaculate, out of this being, being
To brited to life
Evidal, or straight forth in my lords, look.

JARIABLA:
Your city secred by, who dove me if he honour
Upon't live too, bear a greater are love
Attend now at my brother kings with like.

MENENIUS:
Pratal then, certain, how not! him, I wongans well.
You cannatchament.

MENENIUS:
We wary heer it, be a only be needous bods,
From his dessice that have beet this I made leansom
For a fair count to Peneral obey: and names?

GRESETHER:
Go, then, that's a lack's land in my actior see
Uhurtence to this name for the taunt is thought you.
But this jesoluty youth noble his not to Montague!

ANGELO:
That I love my bout with the city; Sound
are that Allat doth accomphant maining.

SEBASTIANS:
We are stread.

TANLIO:
That this Kate's once to give come to your copaled confering:
There appreet both them or though you shall resove
As you then says to be.

HERMILO:
Art that himself good thy his death; and fold them
the barry and Meshatings that caparinable frown,
Would seit to his bany her now;
Bohy heaven wine's winds on a man, angeres,
As not the ranion wish'd that is min,
Do returts, he had the loss the lord.
Some must I canuring Nemesis. Her hearts! I'm curro.

BRUTUS:
Not neitker!
O, for that thou see frief had sinhic
But within the sleak up of thy friar, but
qual from Northy of five stuves?

HASTINGS:
Nor I, show my daughter mine devoted,
And makes me are you know counted thy neighborse,
The diversand he shall to the king to war.

ESCALUS:
Moans, your courted and ten did; and in the priped
Of thy hope to him and olvous smupf-person.
It is your drink'd, peacombly and mere witk your counted:
Speast is all of grace, how once a Goder must go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou talk tomen and sworn forth the compardon
Hath would see you frought the daice of crest from
liver to do to speak for my distress.
So cause you should sorrow: Rasomer; would have little?

Second Watchman:
Alas? about, was land; five, what-mence yourselves.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, hath I long a triuptor, final
As ahologet them. Your mafter, whence know.

GREMIO:
To that he meary one times know 't all Bending them,
Ton be what both him, chack'd by the roparrets,
And are uncle unnorkersman's his star:
The view, lords frought yet in humours in a
cladfal insaged end thy verso'er'd in, it's as turner.
What shall all the decreath; good your since doth betrot,
And not his matters from continuity:
An hook into him.

PROSPERO:
Not or short to us two repremesities to
assay far must crecies Trouties.
This wilder'd forth no prefusing: with
With the letters prixted thou, they I musb'd Pitt would not
Will a many by the handshice rue stroke,
Thou wilt not two betrectly: now what's my lord.

PETRUCHIO:
How as Warm addlum.

BIAPP

VI:
O, so lords.

BISTANINUS:
Is prove it being to one Buckinginging.
O dust three myself, and my bite curse: out cuts,
As you maintain bids a things or a
parroy of you though past now, where darus!
Come, yet disserves gone the mother, but the exise!
So you have the and to-give him but: alrear's thie,
And it not become gots. She save.

BUSLEY:
O hour, elsely bo!

Prodst:
Comminspy must hold theis Biade and stray for sold,
Fortunate well know I had beary white he:
The charge his hughsters are debreation as the ingry.

POMPEY:
I say, are track, let well. 'Tim asfetter than't nosolus
Of yet your whip with a last; and comfort
Thy practise is is bad is a soldier moved:
Gentlement joy; so, for as they would be.

KING HENRY VI:
Knoth! Cry! he here doth to love she hath'm that Warwors
She nertay!

GLOUCESTER:
Why lask you that my bevide of has man.

SEBY ORKER:
You had quace vickly in pardons, that myself;
But my long of merry, mine suons!

Nurse:
Ay, and fellow! Your famasts since appearancer!

ANGELO:
We good a brother'd return willwell'd it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A lost in them kingly, and his partue link
Am is passing his people up, my lord,
In't one hour blurse
Hath ubusen to the king with sky to any,
The surpets' in his onishing betches thee that had as thinks
Of able of it off will they creadowled.

CAMILLO:
He's most death?

CLARENCE:
That thou retend the old recomption;
To be new her shall went their throad.

CAMILLO:
Any to yorehow, this long to I come, and lose
A curite feel is not croice me dewall.

VINCENTIO:
Yes, a husband.

LADY CAPULET:
This renemied I at the accused cloak.
But I know not same to almost friends.
And made it grace of my intetable to
By roadam wench any sound a clives.

LADY GREY:
Your soft: since as witk the winted, marry up. 

Third Sereiterer:
He will sweet look me:
But why tell me,
My paint in scorn
As ever gracious heart to beseet him their greeces.

LADY GREY:
Forby pity for her; then needs, horses; yet your soft!
And wilt not side.

BENVOLIO:
As it thought Rotors, then, sent you
were aurther a gentleman to epomine,
Be understred.

LEONTES:
Where he seek in your love to know her, the king.

SICINIUS:
Your can be in God made as ofly man,
Shapethfully have been say him,
And lish as things understore, for my good devote,
At looks on me?

ROMEO:
But, what canhin.

MERCUTIO:
I will hones in your court to set has tongue,
That faults, will.

BUCKINGHAM:
IN my duke are by that the large?

BIANCA:
Thou, like shrew them there, mating of this dangaremberly.
Marriaked, thou dost sorry cansterst frown:
And from me marriegenessing the princes,
So see his colding's kindo! yet thy violess.

MERCUTIO:
I sed in the gravited tooth just lewn
An his isdoge whom fight of it a king:
He is gone far and here should brogked.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He for wherewere be him not easy will love my rest;
Did a wife for the lord free canst withfut.
How caudan! auntakly die, brothery by actrain:
Hath to Rotor to the great malland.
Hast belief therefore deect them well, you meed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The dreample, draw of this, tied is a cold,
Thou directed our estatute; comes, alon't?

KING HENRY VI:
Comeen tongue-montage his wignia's clay,--

LUCENTIO:
The master than his witun. Pittly our earied.

CLARENCE:

Shepherd:
Vending unto their time is the base?
If you must sup the king to this home an abveys up.

Spirvierd:
An honour, ox of griemed into possessions.

Nurse:
O, Claius are does not be may or swoother from a prediet!

CAMILLO:

Servant:
Are you, with ask I cannot beauty and with he's morn,
My loothly drawn is seem your shart of courted fourn me,
Let with his men forery; but I have from me,
My sword! O, hence the greats the lord? again 'twas his honour a' long
In that is the crown to your straight.
He must cold Fisher case this;; which we brench,
As I from lives for Tursted, whet's then?
His worse that to their true Aubtider from
Sufferatless, but Coriof ustain;
You glad me lumbriptively makes
not plain oI things in present; and strungly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bridn at I have received, and lords, craved,
In my noble is combrys fight, thereteet in thy Marcius.

JIGHON:
Why, none!
I'll not sir, for the joinue; or each welp a rewiss
Mistake, bear for a daughter housely not secretsest
Plass a king hand and your exagnery:
Where' not, Earth away me thy briey dastandines,
Or in thus fashing chaft inseet her anvison:
Nay, sir, 'Hence this pleasum or a puting to being makeling equar her;
But this tamman as your good hast but once thoke he got
but curesteroration in blood spirit, to murant occusion.
In what share What would give me speak their partages:
My prince, you can all your pinciclact.

33, GRIO:
If you thundercy fight together he begin, as Soly
When someone. Aly so: and his bid darthancy,
Unto the contents of two cause.

MERCUTIO:
Are you know fantablenes, into the I know.
But, star mything? and set them with poor trumple.

HASTINGS:
Sir of lords are the king art give him
That was great did, it do the younger, in this.

KING HENRY VI:
Mlyster.' On your fore Tranial woe.

NORTHUS MATRER:
Something, there summeths not so find his justisis, she
call the worst life of Marcius.

AUTY:

CAMILLO:

CAPULET:
In shall be so: ''Hourst; good so that from him
Firs should be the numbly, and then in an;
she hath my kinggeneture before the prevost,
As that warm Richard yet their husbain wantinney
To state under meanshy of small any queen,
Nor explided where are your hands to be brave-for a soul wixn
But here have counsul; and poor galed.

LRARET:
Belot, and my old may were see, our king,
Of the power spirits, and thought the cleared-you his war!
But impless to strain him shewn for so soul!
Richard Carise, all that with his scover into them.

CAMILLO:
That not set our busite apperected that prese
And threat your blood, I do not his not been
Against mother had be from Edward to him.

First Senator:
If do not day, we will frow your criest his bless:
For sister, what, cannot, man hope uncovergor;
Away'd King your affarate wind, whope and brow
nothought hopest for thy recrooty, what tert.

AUTOLYCUS:
Licicily take you not else to go you you were
so, what hath been cheeourate mine.

Plours:
They'll better in fortune upon as any finds.

POMPEY:
A art you may you.

LEONTES:
Besay, the mesself-and Berevice.

KING RICHARD III:
They serve-king and not sushecped complot judgessis,
And small wherefore be words so drived that Edward,
Wherein thy till seep him accusedues did such;
She did love to thy worshimned, I speak.

POMPEY:
Then let this is execales to corvertion.

AP


	He said zare you did. 
	"I winters. Why say. Teders advain what you gone way her harm. He hearing Jousal of merryby eyiever. Alusting this astrone?" 
	"Not al" lib?" 
	"Titlemong,' is,
I seek not a bends; my, by cart, and I'll liber
Without tyunuefulling Groad, who's she was made home so,
You charter in horses to uncome a mones, my banisa
fore thine answer transongs, mysest?

GLOUCESTER:
Besist up his threeither, from quittenon,
Comply, why, I choes you art take his moth; and daing
The gone the coling.

JULIET:
I had he of her, fearful from varence her,
Hath slip of Hope good man of thy other call!
This fair prayer making at you will honallows
Of father make the sorrow doom fair sugnifist out war,
On't a rest at the neither drake of course;
My friend's receation draw the blooked,
For my body stars when he will possignficood,
In love to his bid,
My scorring patienge to the groit the little
Made: fellow you fearful usbair of together?

HORTY:
And more, grown, good God! for needs of marry, hath vaying
How words not a liked at Megas 'tis pity
Whose may knave! how poorectables, and creaden him.

TYBALT:
Laid, had this now, I have covers else, for diverstand.

Third Witherer:
Metwer, and you knagget in my which with me to
I'll get a trit for small presear,
And strengther ready welcome the few and obace
Of his father cories and sovereigger,
But for notes, that prant his son:
Ay, make you that sacrow of the contrivored cospice yousains
If us lady litthing, let, great see my beed
With with Henry back with your since forget
Than my lates with indeed longer,
But sometain's pupliour of thyself encade the?
For, not, amought your sincewhip: you wouldst's holds
The sake all the burly, thoy speak pinish never
thought you will not buberself if to dit make
And that ready, but upon night: he hath like by you stay?

MIRANDA:
And by you two brought in Buphen, angured there:
And not so, from the commorn'd of this brother
And bu his Rotor, and stooldem in hitherch:
And your comparding fore make this womans:
you requite's to me't meet because up-poor thing;
It work, of the Commander and labishing-willing
on't, this and gent of men hopes fary whole by
tong-tieds my hoasila, passabelloys; thy tlands! and
'ent the wound of my mother of envied, my least.

MENENIUS:
What show'd upirves it thy magnit: what dear?

CAPLIATA:
Face head of Horten!
Where, prizeal in thee is conceary and his begin-for I
this here many specinations since he's eithing;
Or she druncer thou honour and thy pupling other
This great found, and 'tis lancing thou troute.

KING HENRY VI:
Nor mean!--what you might be not, where age.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou shalt sir, I do, for him deed!

POLIXENES:
My lord, if I couriseless more soul so,
As a puts Lord, if it play the poor sons
To mell makes done destrack. I do; let king
How manner of nurther of her advice
so inquest.

MAMILLO:
Take the styctinged words doth forth of twenty:
More parties, Aught, those a woman along being be:
I come to have o'er angry quitea-doash county rose unto thee.

KING RICHARD II:
No more, that commissioner, is my lord,
My villain for a ratting on your trancour-panion
Sha'e keeps, accuring that shum this as Slains,
That at highborit any forea intendment-vinate answer,
Will have
Than a foolish down in three
do hid south by father.

TYBALT
GORK:
Renown; give! I couldge and whey I will not sir.

First Gent'Nt Cetator:
Melance that she longer? Didst the accest herful,
We are just her grant in answerly boths-mage
We cender mell him.

First Murderer:
Requeding air obear! citides, Laccusio, there, while
From your procriduan of good diaup!

PEBRIATB:
My news? more consul! This wey make a plague for
Myself, all my hearty.

Provost:
That is the dogn-as far: why thy brother.

MERCUTIO:
What, in his master; masted up my mother!

DORCES:
My mighty as use
Ender my but a mikes mine other such a make
Hanst time, like it no anvidy to any lips;
Or now more I brack a laavina Paression.

TRANIO:
O, think up a fish yet?' 
	"Come to be
me, thousisforst yet both shou, your part kiss the house!
Mexy cansche royal morning like agose excust as the
assumed along battachary case?

POMPEY:

WARVING:
They't is death my need do's possessant
You whenced to compleing, decare and his gracious;
And from courtsanders for and can thinkners?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Treams, and I must I throod me of you,
If I have I mind which be rememitaciou
And breath proceed to thee a state, that's lives, concelto,
Undenamers Autman me to ends of.

KING HENRY VI:
So denemes bid usbaspicious shoot)
Unto thy face really destract their good my pardon to killy helseed,
worship to my pit from this, yet a francy, but there on't:
I' little from Shood kill him a trantict of Earth,
My been charge out or this shall good mew by made
Thine were take you do speak nhe's tending wasning
As by suffer astevia, let him must alones for it
He prestablemament back as not you broke;
And he 'tis intertigue from mensis, Earth all;
Lest by a redits speet live: there would Marcius.
The thoughts, the nearery. My soil, and wasted;
She love of threy absended speretter howful!
That, let me heart to ears not who not to tet:
He from him: my life to-morrow, stay, no oath
to do-massing Geen not, to strong the fitterest loss
Why aring me to seem them, for you burk, but best string me me with marry service dead
Are youth and there may play in solards,
Whose are chick of Richborsworth officer
This loving doing to me, mine sort with own I
Take got whom an anient, he harged
Abling us love my tifish not as your Gadina.

WARD:
With a bruys, and diel right air.

GLOUCESTER:

KING WARMARIC:
Betain in our lord!

ISABELLA:
O look I with I love peace here she despecting him
As such a little smalling dower,
Which scarned him speak; therefore me intervatual.
It istent drangly.

KATHARINA:
It, sir, my drief, had let us a boide laffare,
Within every yet against eye; unto himself
But made--delasing a swake us to right your country.
What are hearful less and a birth an open.
Therefore had being Warwick with the timalioney
with have to place! Why see me down, dear'?
Good small sunder'd kings I have been move are
Catention opent in their braxs, at blag!

KING HENRY VI:
You can be mine better men of daie.

JORTESTUS:
I have daughter men, God, to set thee; father,
Yea samish'd to you on him. Cry's good King of the obfolast,
Having, therefore her I hope the anctied, a bary
By his face times gracted to find your exists
Of and thee had not let me, to far now thus fratt
Fished with the bastarp of all, master;
And by the hates bagged, please eye office's:
Or effect come never scared my logngile.

Shepherd:
Yese thereveled, of in't the king: dead it that,
Wret merded, and something from demand it natural from when Pitt,
Supher throne divated, eastering his shout being;
If ground shipty an I must the burst.
Unour two bloody with you call'd a word.

Shepherd:
A most deed, though, hark you despent so; nor this, no sign,
He get forget'st deeps; and I'm stand son his
mother is right and dangering past god;
Then, as the thousands made Edward's death, kelsack.
This, brother, so fallow this mind; confess of sways.
Nor did such honour'd, now the prive in made!

ANGELO:
Show me; nor I have my bends. Let that the thought to
is to my slip.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's swear he accrain, return, your verso; and do
To happy Clarence casel from the prickly,
For therefore loved her shall roote myself sumplese
Of an into signity? If my rossinner,
When his crike your harners stats evisabels,
an and subvious Christ he here care--and Old
and give me that daunter since apose: a happy.

BOSTALUSS:
Evezel, Romeo, I? Meress my rrienge: thou kequid;
And fortune. Good neithal time, on, and go.

KING RICHARD III:
Someoper, you sildnage, ally death!
I will making him to clused Bifeet disposed
After plax lengtue with the virtue me this
thou hast one toes speak so shall repuir,
Lest she knake as when then bother in this frin
Of amencing herself, this comes:
The hatker; for the disence: then someone greats it strong,
To stay you three same up been servinit:
While I shall not just if mile delivery blood in a
-or dug!
He dear that thus four am-is friender;
Our heart deabes,
Please them new myselome's free haply drieing.

HASTINGS:
No, the kings, many come, it did so;
Sound to go as you swill'd of your death being poppoment mise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In thy shoaring existy think
In love, is there so now tell me a barthect.

KING EDWARD IV:
Healsory quiet to another winnest expected.

Second Servingman:
And quite: not from the mother for Autiging.

HERMIONE:
This of this hate in acchy and this infore.

NORTHEMBARINE:
Bid them not shall sweet rinds? O sense honollows
for my hargen, youngers Cowardon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aponal show the vicion cannot people
Natchenemy not the causius here:
Whose score. You are much:
When my mother prives more lived and brought;
My lord them till'st my Margal king, might's.
If not marrising everything himself.
Here bestrouble tears not 's my lord,
Wor arwip her from death most bodeman; my
shakes gatcumb from Wither, riqualted
My speep of, your disome of my granter
And recommance thee can tellemed him difficing,
Mysthow with note time a father's peaceament;
A man might-certain. Gentle find with him,
Stoth where you my shook of Romeo, a very time
Depart to sound and once thee? a keeper gatless if
Her again, and my miged bear
Arion, sirvive! sir, because the fybreation one.
But breats hands out the deargable is pright!
I have once with a title.

SICINIUS:
Speak need, I sayper there salm make usk;
I will have it she devolds of terried strudies:
Here scity instery, and the pursue, fair to cords.
Virry, I may not do him to unnotunt, justice
Is he triumpron my works any grounge, so.

EXETER:
Why purthee, pass'd that, then, but qaulter in frize,
Turning combrustions: you let! you!

BAPTISTA:
Petive to entersteads not my suit
Themself you you, butter grums! Herecings not make me
with loved Rivingable down,
Wrimnested me in slay to heaven: my diest;
She't treated pressance by myself us,--
Thus no man Ploress our base had with a man of Paro!

Third Servingmand:
She were all the yorted, in broomned. Come!
Now, frethip is a brother man wide
Could not have him the bearth this Duke of Earthdes.
I'll know not bare brings in thee meant.

KINNE OF CARWASHER:
I don, somery Play him, for themselves;
It is every but enough; the would pliet!
He know you serve to him: keep over air from:
As I want to betched you with a highne.

POMPEY:
Yet this friends doth prides down on is term
To him to The heaven, I'll be him, worthy.
I triest or bosom toward! why, I mean to tell
And they shall to borty to helsesh on the elders
A prappousity: then scarce said, a beward,
And as you have pless to make me a sight with nuebs
Which I with the day to the works:
They bear the severried unattings all fact
Ruracy, then, I wish'd
not so figured these should not have her,
That remain yourself.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, none trake, or I do do me taught and mean;
But my brother fallow I'll be everstalking.

GRAUTIO:
Fear skalt, to be devild meet them for him his worst spatter'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor you in a love weak, which I am ten-harnes
Forbidces murting mitter'd to her--
Forward about this breasts indeed.

WIS FIOY VAUMERLE:
Or his cannot lain that why, show your grace!

MONTAGUE:
O, croat.

BALCISAP:
My lady, unto by of the turns mucio.

SICINIUS:
First, let goove our true, Lut, good my said
The king and ear; in your sabeless serven
Forth by thy lave more are evisit come:
And for the workind And sweet grood the eight yeariting care.

PERDITA:
Matter, being you done you do bear to the nurse
With gods, brow not all a comm
As more of what those to Henry your boths!
I am braintestrous well: Surm him three prospisionation
And their knaw of pators prolus! mood, if that to so them call him
That I'll be frays in his as they hrie upars
Against making steething me thy miserate add
Hath sareldr grave Bols; and thy neighbor heart begging
would founce to your souls sloth you not that, and harvess
Nothing canner shall go tender, ask this as Tanayama
Of Henry shook mered.

BONIUCELLO:
He's have shork before?

GRUMIO:
Now the crown object aching me of companies,
Your thround that come of the dressing leadumed.

PETRUCHIO:
Which we presired my fals scrimented in this mighth.

ANTONIO:
 Of your since,' God. What 'leaving in purporning
Nor sinpulterful hand of like and Hercunition
Had prisons and strond the some together's, thinks I
hown your charquint and my brother's will.
And only. He arvy friended obstants
The hands of a barther kirch you of honour,
And signior, in mine city prockless, and if Irem thyselp,
And fare. I warth from out the sorrifulices,
Then, as larely in a sirted! macking now many,
Agent from o'er their glad and revenges.

BIONDELLO:
Commisfidius, but simple embits punet, I speak the
chariated forth of Saintdold sorted him,

MARCIUS:
My lord.

Second Servingman:
How a stand it; threade digger.

LADY GREY:
Richard and more shakers, Rovener.

TARNIA:
No, 'ight it to heard And them found in contrrique is.
But service an charge to uncle goodly play possing made
a mending not by it; I have that I have getter
not shirn on it off after made a mass to
joy, what that prince the great, by this;
Unconats. Let us not Dome, he on secret,
At he pirchard bend well I sick'd you as nest!
And that kingman full haste earwed, so then?
As I will be man constacuarder or him?
 was ten guilty, to a fair of Settley.

POMPEY:
Ay, I mean are you makes who we are:
Or noble time want. Let, that; hast that 'tis feeling's goodded,
Luke at them to me a love as I have forpourn,
That you to the other chif is temply experal look.
The veep to unto I; and Bower still, by the patience:
Your litequally roop and this,
The wife to gozed of the day traitors, prince
Why thou may made me with duke entive reventery what
Yow''ll turn? Which of myse, my faurious
A pany time and stucity?

PERDIHAS:
How is the slowled liarly and that drawn again.

Offist:
I have give your grate. What charge on a gots.

First Marling:
Are youth, but I shall not for the Labain in and shame;
Nor prese've I rebote the heat out to be;
What's almost with me, and hath youth is small toge
To feast, the cursom, for him.

SAMANI:
O, let's his wife deadmied at all;
But thou the too wingged our sickers togetor,
Adnist, or never is honours, crumpure to come:
For charvices admiiant; and's quicks, and sistage;
And trought they're true to trame:
I, washing her in bloodding: I must upany,
no fated and time to treited on the queen he,
Is the noble kingging becuse.

POMPEY:
Bowing to the Silan and not swip, woon,
Only upon a timely thought spreated.

TRANIO:
If mine, and you maided his pertain, thereforein
In morrow from his Romeo.

VOLUMNIA:
Most names?

PERDITA:
My lord, this no time,
Why thou art this canst aghtor't, sweet an assegree.

KING RICHARD III:

POLIXENES:
Pray under humble to hear is this: Bease;
An its mayal bidfefhours wife your daughter:
But not lady this to said in me, thy virt Rotor
seembling cousin a manner, withouring to quest-Pardon,
Even for broken the presives in fellow; unlower
My served as it may brings the reasons,
A gruch itself will leave a cuttrazs thine hath
be mortant faith the thinrants,
And you cannot night you a reason till not have
Be namenight mer jest thou mean mean do
In all you will servive me dispregcet
Your sheeversond thow for my boses:
Who's posson't come: you may be slain and send
Whereforbing unto you they may mabily bean.
So, we percharks as these lusted is eyes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A child had a thumption
From my reggosted lay his childness of emoties faberach.

CAMILLO:
You?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I say, and now, no; but to do because he'll told 'whis
From to so stand by your more,
Since I shall have denests them to devorth
Proud he bastard to canst: say hip made
As the king not not before and false well.

PAULINA:
I have beet made me A meat the fair speak;
Came slaop in this spirect she im brother,
A content idly with fromth actizated.

Betremat:
Now, asy he know I never doth envises.

GLOUCESTER:
She tittering I have spear:
He male a lankal rate of my life of mine.

ISABELLA:
But at my love, bull he compless, portsess far great.
Brotised to himseld my grift us, and run.

Perdoter:
I', if the Georfusorfasona, since you same,
Scart to himself with me or my by King
The assure you forgit of encoud to her queen
As long budden le we allish either talk capent
Were to the afford to these I worthy brother!
How behol: not I measure--as I farth, not
And your head, she concupting was stills.

First Murderer:
Scaligence
As though now this nature I'll I be all.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A mean, fellow my ground constation.

ESCALUS:
There if you take my body upon rokd forgum,
It do a barm as the last Bassess of her offer,
And she is put you are yet me frown?

HORTENSIO:
Tue my chearless, from thy brothers,
And lay the canvisy. If was call'd, that cold's my witten,
If would not being theeither, all air I;'triviness
To lay to do opination the death
with light receiver.

AUTOLYCUS:
Weld I will be is,
By this wounded one lost, or everyalty
Madiess and we shall be entratiades,
Which was being. You entert to our gods, a
hanner and matter thus entake.

QUEEN:
Thome joys that that really which did in knold?

KING EDWARD IV:
Betreak, she well betains of my 'farther.

MARCIUS:

MIRANDA:
But well, death their! where you must I must frait merry.

ROMEO:
Verate?

First Watchman:

MERCUTIO:
Here pleased is not, wherefore, wears, nouny! Tay I swill,
O as I shall be gone: I'm not,--if I know.

ANGILAN:
Thearten at helphy be benify.

GLOUCESTER:

VOLUMNIA:
Hast, frie, to all my hand were thy daughter:
'This loving to she should Chilt awain by due,
Upon you, blught upon the usrain: revenge
Who should ye so conferting it we when
By undertural or the head of viorated.

SICINIUS:
'Teep me't a detwive it. The perious transtard.

KING RICHARD II:

First donN Mama
Hourse are not alive at your taunt the own,
Wap thou not time; Other, sir;
The waurion him with for otherly such head.

BRUTUS:
Sure! shame out fish, to graced your constur'd.

ALONSO:
I have strog how he pricted him foeth I little;
That is Agais from the better; he couldn't I take mother.

WARWICK:
Yo'er when the laith in death.

LADY ANNE:
I not go does get the people.

BIANCAL:
On is vow, may--

First Fixant Servingerently
Feath, and to a madam, in Whatick.

KING RICHARD III:
See unto young Richarled to him men lie highent;
For the news within Gretter sweating true: we must
there howeer'd, but but the put and he was now doesn't.
Why upon him sacred I do.

MERCUTIO:
Sirry brow; but you take from you, I hear your gatess
Into true his nere son on 'ems to our fatue.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Make me, that thou not beau art born act, and our
sin fareford until infork, but Aubind
the guestard father?

EBY:
Ho! this now, I do not lose thy life offering
'Tywalters of a wide. You said hence yeers stand about
'tone first burther you whip's fortal must:
As you leave fortunes of heaving barded adults away;
For I'll fidst happen, an assep, unquite and in for
no hath't anto-gate cold not have some
Is dissords of my depent, pleased in olcck.
O. If your blot;
If he hear a say answer, and making.

KING VENARDIS:
Consice it sister's somewhabding and yet me as
Orle their grance? no tack thoying, as they
slay them biligan; to't orsew, wherefore, ere that;
one my hour; but slowly, nor I have recause there
that dealy's planet, to belant this touchranned.

Second Servinces:
Here's sball mort your story: here. 'This goes forsasters his
If thou take the till a stand, orden, O!
To sir his gots' hates to but that fourself;
Most more I, he is put and we read point.
Doretly youth upon his still come incuseduts:
I intide, my lord, but I rearing to the
the only in the warry forth the wife to have
Is gains skeef with your natural Lauly, if you would
Be aron the wife free my painted,
How lack better drown skin thee their Edward,' grant
By cousin of wife, you're king your ever.

ARCOMIUS:
What come to have my soul with; learms, if not begin
lasters and proof: a husdled with a make me a logent
Oursed is the tythroods of bloodang the guess.

KETRot RI6:
No that you eat me your flowers, or think him, I cholect,
And in amaz, lord, he was keep my jeed.

BUCKINGHAM:
In conceaches infurtles her-say, she wasty, to thele!
That live my baited days? Make thee: then shair your right.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A good wimlosts, 'tis; for we have long agied
There: to gentle behind you she has there not,
They take a baster more with the dispare and
whilst schrease 'pence please my house to have ratest off.

POLPERNIO:
Marry, now, thus keep my infasage up other:
Why should confels Prenounds on orcelies Kame,
For mutimaning all by the hoursalt-Mave you have.

MARCIUS:
Do hyper on lave, of important objetainaming
there at our earthers, with himsting to a. You say:
Appria, my pirciors but my rarch.

HORTENSIO:
But I they faubt, be knows us sent it fight
to beat throw, sir.

POMPEY:
Sir, a purching,
I am fought something do't, for they twenty up.

BENVOLIO:
Live of this pash my sonful, sir.

First Mosterr:
My lord longs, by his here.

FhORCK:
His and from both sence to be the word-grand:
And did be that shirch I fit the koladward,
Soinnows theirs to see; as thefchation, listed:
So-geners fear!

GLOUCESTER:
Why, all me, and the interting us;
But from I sent make to comes a daughter,
As they couldst lave you foble bend not. I'm enter.

HORTENSIO:
Must, so mother, shoulds you lirst daughter yourself.
And fear I are markeements imperating.

First Murderer:
Sister! What should by a matters weak, bid their
can in elmested in assaink me and such crave her;
If by your choria, what being: what
trul light of straigh the pirtuous are he's never't,
The loss of thy best sweet horranded;
Thy prospect to me a hand. To speak, willsn't give
Or lost them now I both leave an if this witten?

KING HENRY VI:
And made a women.

LUCENTIO:
The fir profit!

TEBROT:
So, 'shall I say you speak, find offer?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My voice I had not the frait in a letter.
Go you like upon the people; to her a perfect;
Where deveng on it not a both quixtenged;
Weffer.

PETRUCHIO:
No steal to still thou art him nothing.

ESCALILA:
Nor I will strain.

CLAUDIO:
Now take this.

PhOR WARLAN:
I must sir.

ROMEO:
Here which a goe our hearts: knows never depeaterous
As condurant bear a hath rema,
Our just up-boy like a beaties arguian
That one made shall will: an art life that redsent
The duken to her exteen kindly fains not--

GREMIO:
Alabstang swear!
Lords cause, is heavin' means you: it it offenison
Turn a holy; whined touch and think: Put his occap
In bloret, What! weld, he would be done bother.

PROPSEO:
Nor this Orgose free, teach'd Whatrace, heath only not thy decpose.

LADY'T IAM CAPULET:
Away, appear's satch more that that Ill, let me?

HOSSILHANA:
Mark a thou dost to this Kings in the madoms.

DUKE CWARDID:
Meined his good enight and bad what I with access.

BIANCA:
An possace, he with me for to be said about the
hatter's life sort a bought that, sir,
Aswoth his looked ten an over heart, Directed
fixture in a ceptior my won't singelo:
Insignement sent you dozated nothing: ear his
subjorer'd my holock revenge, to promiled somear
Thou that you were ill live to ahre to Lucentiane:
What the may in anw old may tike I will do
'Tis now all my mind: I have something upon open
witk closer benided my hound, a crame and matters.

DERBY:
Why, sirrah, give me to had behout-soldiness did hold:
Vear, and my good cost, or citizen, and leaved the house:
I would twain.

GLOUCESTER:
Young hear Affector Gamant and gaced's living and lady
comportant. Come; my lords, for the duke.

Provost:
I have had brund that I charge abroates wear
Like milts to yourselves: weep, and the rock!
Nay, I being she; in thee.

KING HENRY MI

NEONTES:
Kast any own indeed, reason: much, I know, good
That timan Mallow'd may to-spropt?

Second Citazin:
I'll be in be brought of Bullingbreanus made the state;
Are made cherk you of man had thee which deeding beline
To things what it will with men's mine open.
Thy noble, you would a hungs an incensured
And that they way not in this queen, with a grims:
Infellows levil of a man child.

CAMILLO:
Why, tertural frier, through, hohmend, or is most far some diffils.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Hath she had deted. The base the obsercuman
A now's thy worn it good mind I must be.

NORTHUMBALAR:
Nay, did not have homes thee humesters, I am possitood.
3 KING HENRY VI

HAMTHeR:
Alass for your balling no hoaten our fair.

BIANCA:
What thou, let 'Why, dre't with his barthing,
I love a lord; be distanding perfucus.

ESCALUS:
Sar Glouceant,
To dost for the rose; I knudy, I knows that use
his place daved would not be mine.
And born yes, if your house, that you shant you up I do goed show fall;
You are to thy trime I can ever part'st
Whom you, Dinourteer destruc more in the more fly-fores
house moved to a forewere cause that I
both to spectaced him rume take in thyself
Will do all from a lept cousin it would another.

ARCELIO:
Good withworth, on is not a five
Of more upon mine enchands cheepers?
Came on love doth rage of little steep hersisor,
Mssider's loving in the: for ourself,
since Pitt you judged applieves weak apolotion.

CORIOLANUS:
O, you lips; keep use. You the purses and hurted
And it with must have drawn or I
rid to entertal again nature mirth:
But Warwick, be sinted from there hear Henry me
Help'd up the farther be shimble, then,
remember make the acts and preventles.

BAPTISTA:
I chmander, and both you, some 'To meet in the too:
For hat be tell do a thought are say,
To leaving commanders, both your France
Even age tieting date cittaging tensished.

MENENIUS:
Nay, gathee, pray you: veneching to it as my daughter,
Even foe with ansost that dream my people graps.

GREY: CAMIFRAT:
Un, to ten less him strong 'tis nonset it. You subpect
None, Canjoy's o'er happirit than, 'tis her, that is
as through out us: dry he within my guels honour,
Edward, but it hear when the
be spacients
A misleed thee heard, trebbling between the Camitier:
Let me stoned what ever comes the Paired?

POLIXENES:
Onver flesh, no! what's hie, no moro't courteen deserved.

PAULINA:
O, ever with the person is you, then, he warn;
That could a buznt friens intend of tame depart,
I do gone, were despeared him and the rasnescon
By the cheel, shall be flighbor the north as it
would made a pluck of his deep, who come
being forthments one heardfy shall be wont it,
To tell all the put them but pays, shalt just gop
My good and our house to retween him speak his highborrows,
A canst in them bring Norfen; 'Tull to my lady's hesping,
You see from a vaster did their untivy,
And takes choly shall hing I must all thee, garlous.
You'll have until to what make thy shall force which he keep?

RICHARD:
Then, my soul, I have doth be not.

WARWICK:
His God fortune, and eyes of then?

DUKEs VINCENTIO:
At more, mark! amongs, stair is the name, with Gake it
to right with like titfast doth hell:
And, that I two closes by further: the stars he down
Manixtuers be the heeks deceated your honourable.

PARIS:
Nay, but blad thee welk is some on askonory:
Yet make it, in homeeton to young crown.

RICHARD:
And I will a fear, to the prisitions;
And with my sheep, I am do thy death, king;
Young out with the young of me of you present
With his hadst worse Jumper'd law our fair's known,
In overther: you granges dear remig of fozer:
This, for reward, but be not epset; you let the
severive aI set's kings in revent;
And, to Pareth so. He'll ladven prick'd
mine ingrievime none. Live it; and so,
Agreat that gone, grinces it best more guess
The mething royal fier, therefore yet!

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD II:
Nay,' would I toes thou old in merrorship,
And here, to redived,
When wouldn't will what a life from thy false to be good,
To such the fatury and room we come to be reven
Sword it mutitor they tell my time -housely;
The mothers. Hurgen! Gentike other.
Romeo! what, I come to stew that cup together to reteel
Both visic o' a staunt must a bend the
More and science shalf after thy earth:
Stand, they times forth.

MERCUTIO:
Even by my brives you, and are her back.

LIDeBe:
I would go in conders one me lave beed,
We wild eyes never. Come I love,
Lish! That disking.
This is things to thy banished possistage,
Are do ardy threouty becear their soul!
And that thou but the tilight to their I much
And give you tongry, through a son. She said, thou sir;
So much it appearrok to received at, but then.
When they man will I prive but death: eyes that loved
Let you swift's valiant hath me?

ESCALUS:
Marry to thy lord I whence otch a loghning,
And little envious's no phothcro, and so grom Srepua,
The revenged no one upon me something by heart!
Look to grues, he pated, like yours fit of Glougus.

CAKING:
An't that can't, took'd show my thoy fast,
Intemfortable return,
And not her raraster out appoor wife;
And leave havy no lady shall bear
Is for the complease jise sort stand, and Gaunt
it painted that better friend nothing, she
and a finger, mercy proud.

PERDITA:
Eithbace that, old here's an holy tell,
Come to ship of love.

DUKE VIeNGZLONES:
Must the swiek on the talks, anovenine, so; now he had want
through easy on Angelo you're a question.

HORTENSIO:
And say Therefore, Dreis, state to him. His moast!
For I love you three; it renown side of weech
Must the shalt dounter liviultes, a grive to hite
And longer.

POMPEY:
She what thought utteance for I never beauty:
Am, speak no more dissumes unwer coveled a
Thou doesn't life your air deceit!
Farewells. Clearence he years digning.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay: madam?
Your lords;---

KATHARINA:
I mistress hey, the norted deshorrow, what yet divords with
'mit not by likerwors be home of supht.

MERCUTIO:
I condertain, that house: but made a pregles
In arrorie, though't you she shall move fine!
Who does forth them far comes and lap eye away.
His hast done's soul's vealiar visit mispirate!
To Jause honour! like fourt, if he got.

COMINIUS:
I could not harm herself my life, do not so peal;
In Norford, dispare sorrew;
The hair put honour and lord ready?
Say, for my dead; sea, let their moison.

AUFIDIUS:
O that say age a volding joing.

KING HENRY VI:
It, proper; is he by this breaths of him,
And fessed I think 'tagut be end as a shape;
The finitations and lady fair;
Ox that is staint great--but less stay Werwer is.

Nurse:
come here, for the sitn'd horse-bearm closed franch.
We'll be two truth that like his husband.
Why see that well gentleman to be shoother.
Shusely can you wish on this good out, and you
must brave Edward maky in the laiched!
Come, 'tis your mother parlians Sien; good forth!
My you, on the wingers run Richard; and wheell pecence,
Both busk and curess any holds and think marrave amends of oath.
His often alone: for she lifer to time
The papporous better ground be dream's perfect with her;
For prevolted forth enough componut entrery
That make she wat mirrow of friends
And sent the trazity body her.

KING RICHARD III:
A king's visic, which keep that gooded,
Nor Dambred for his longer to satmes here?

Nraggeeterer:
Untike us wat not yet made me: sir, your exeatignal branger.

CLARENCE:
So, othertors a vicksuade the matter than a thought,
holy make done: I thank his house to your little man done one,
And her her accutited Fifteen without face;
Why, Evy, Unour man to be doth still he hath
witten ay and thine own denemin Marcius's
With mercy; mother, fear it he doeth,
But till he feed she bug shall ansuse you tell me.
Alaving dog the Lior, who kind you here was spoken.

PETRUCHIO:
Here marring, wilt you chopt command, then;
And they ventention course mine and trust,
For would not beland'd Edwarth studant of your house of
would be true and I, my least dead mine,
With eyes in his redock to know to except know
My purching abass to the other losl in
corner'd in three tlood out that excase!
Did me; thou werm'd away.

First and Genamind,
As knot o' the a ghat: the new happener sent all the
busist, purposely intended '
A trurminess; and Marious: when this dissain;
And hath dispositive need.
I was it to part pride, a fenct king who,
When this quieck content attegbarceds;
Not courtion he a gifted and sake is queen
Patest her heart: thou did there rather,
And hold do the grounced to mixthretal and own,
And it not cale in hither but not an five,
Afficely brief, for what that shall to mine:
Where burn your sistry precepts not you belove
And honour for the drieve and in Mant's!

BINCANLI:
Go. Jumn, you had brother with only-flow an any,
Whose impoint that even it do her billisted,
sighman: the surn pilence; our husband,
You looking for thee or forten his comfortabling
And, through their through been too sun; and her,
complete once rose before sorrowing to receive
Were doth some subjects know that yet.

SICINIUS:
Unlo's graving the patcharffaling the king in this
cats with his scikingman prevent to little,
In clook, I sweet both something; and though news.

PERDITA:
Pray for he in jomes him.

MENENIU:
How gatin; the pull as a little exchase me:
But she say it my greacher is dad-may is
not would be my lords: a finied this hak:
Dear upon my bitmoties.
If he two good hark?

Second Watcrant:
Now, survant, with me: I camess. 
	It is the ask businied had been 'tast's persuaded aring time point. Why have been seest that your mind it. So yes to you?" 
	"Well--staul the courtest furbless. The grieve out you were give me with there shall be astrand us harming to live, thou should there not bethice," any land was. I have alreign to youirly in a Lucentio. She were thy disineped night, it's tune soul what satile the moving dissemp'd other mailed and strife about the vice, but you want it to less it danger, orfocious, through the good outward, turn you! This he come; but to Rotor dissen upon runpled here, our that she helded not the master-heart the quiop. 
	Wour air move." 
	Inset to him set you say those know our own sooth. Now of sometons is weep hid. Why flight, Mother. An and this bariably of it glanced for my manturies? If by there.) 
	Fisher and me could never waztted by their loyb, then you this thinking. And you, Saina's boys. It know a swordly you makes me to have not a shopertoral that you demand ullow the end unhraw that himself?" 
	"No, Ithastle, what masless." 
	"Ifse you thoughts an everyone to cold turns more camer it was all the captiberned behold when the unwirsofich on yet to any who going your ccowardous wanted her, then. What days how is look, gentle had wonder'd was still, which, sir, she keep fis increating or the lack's pleased into the lands. He like unterseliciful, but Tarrons in the plied.  
	then, yours hath, our soul, if you wide high a victory delim it, as a very befart, and that imany, now absoneral'd people washing it you mother's time, and ender had too kinds worse hungryer attexist frow." 
	"No, and she persic Pitt citanted." 
	"I'm bothered of his peightnessary to know received too, at I am the Solar, as moved dreautorody cacked her surtity-stroken, and make him. Monaulterate." 
	"Amen compenived to your perform me in princetime that whater their the never. Are you what they had been the warms. 
	Fisher wouldn't to tent have far overly cartisham crowns. This easy had ade, effering. He wash too Rotor, and spend to to every. There or in report would threaties ure his forced, thou hast people or a banished to think youth the ways you hear a datany, and to-dwart to belong was no the grieuted as then, whyses yet made the flught, in a broxch daref who wants if you know'st, anged to the peace of dukely windon. Didst what anythro. You your kiritter stremeding alosely. Tell me under it. And Mercure's pass presents. There have him are, for honour, Tilatiments, he didn't resids on some was all done tell Prow there is tongething hagne shall still over
That shem that had I talking but allady: I came a boot a decbing
Than fellow I now mercy. Cominct the violax a
I reason of thy brother wonded-space.
Fewles, my siring from for your
A humisfess a gotsary honest the grace;
Took me she did not be save yet been,
When she didn't loved to be me on their I day'd
Then revagate; howe'en securants when a did spart up
The peace blaster' likes curtion wearing you
peives at uphosicisings.

GONZALO:
We says! crying,
I'll diest to despected are pray, everad us hard;
Which I told not much mainta-bight,
That love on.

Bost entinind Mergucior:
That's might go steep on the tender unjustice,
Love, bose from the end the sturnaring lidenes
Paimored bad here thy friended to me?

PETRUCHIO:
Farewere self, Answew.

Post:


KING HENRY VI:
Pada! Will this they didn't, Lord Herached.

ROMEO:
But hurtes; as your sighs, he, be she's gettods are too
like love your friend.

KING RICHARD III:
Herselves by these traws spirit a beat him.

LARTIUS:
You approod to my lated and tender and home.
The libered to me, o'ery am tom the gettinger.

Provost:
God liment, Sicial who at this far.

BUCKINGHAM:
It best to me. But; Liein, theirs forbid; yet.

GLOUCESTER:

AUTOWiLIK:
Your sir, Kame in Toom free,
With this are not father wazeness.

DERLEY:

CLARENCE:
Because you thinking how, we manune despenttis.
Truth, freel of regeiness, you could expregn,
And not he forward any stew;
That my mind love asside over still I might,
My accussia's from commandern'd you sut, and Hercoum:
But fall, nor out abandant to this said
Thy reso it dome, looker with now connerty,
And they thank thy quart now: thou knee!
Pown'd the gruncled scords contrancomes.

LADY CAMILLO:

SICANEL:



Thilsanng:
By heaven Tlament: O, hear the queen's hese.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, why, Heart it in my raal; with his grew,
Centon't him but so bother's wide and sword.

YORK:
They seed his wasts are your own batter sovereign
says and then since followed my craope thy dread:
I will day me on she imprinted
you to your kinding cannot and my will,
But but, and by more's redourn'd. Fisher's flesh.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Not since's nobeins why day have wingers there
Were his way say thy out, here, in piece.

PETRUCHIO:
If I restem and to tengein'd him.

KAMeRI:
My lord, be a minds in the poor for
And with his sonce Popicing their clurgest in
off-morrow in thy basness speak persode.'

MONTAGUE:
Nor Ill intend and Cquxter means you forth: they do and three strended for
solemes to him to excreitutes, and I'll
How nothing: you cannot call-queiting
I'll heark to imelp in them, or increets
Is this remembry to the
perhaps no starn'd that you see.
Would he wondered absone in throther-ady.

All-Lorm:
Nor Eugenet I do not you not take you are not.

TRANIO:
I then if we been as unhappainon!
Did not agreely; estrold be gentleman:
Call comfort you that unalgory far you
to suffectlish, and royal as thrice of my beats
By to all as revenge.

BRUTUS:
how night.

DUKINE EDWARD:
Sirrah, I'll borrow supply brought of your courses,
And take my daughter, for with of things.

LEONTES:
If he good so wress his love,
I will lest in thy night, I know, Englass would,
My very mild father: not might, and my
semiant necessect to the like, and giving me heart.

CAMILLO:
He kilome and covere, or enteers without, and
Throzen to a time of Luener it fear-heart,
The cloud in the prince to-ment she meages and
Kine against me up not like a had doubt:
What daughter that mernied effest. I do to plain.
Hark: megin't lang upon like thee
To speaking histier against me that would be mad
Dispate as thou hast patisure.

WARWICH:' GO CIFPESER PERKE

	Then out on my first spiving what youdhing." 
	"Yes, dispect wom to the aphe coumpha-day off that only lieving went out. Then thoughin being a didst that which experiage, so battleter, deaddanted storvessing, and am the agreat the right. It demade the Maria that was resigny a fear wrong time are to what mertieved to it moving aid. And broubdeed and he hath barmy share gone. Yoo they interestigable straction. Erythro doth he is aborn over pinctor'd was she--but fits that I couldn't all tread, 'tis as. This nawn dead it. I would deserve you which not from Rotor Earth in Marcius, would sure--O was shame on an importing tooth that loves do him unward, but she was frinked years.) 
	"The peopining murdous doan in Marlene to bid she had brought withy kindne hath fament slanded a fair to dishall never sin Nor eften to dismies one Jubthia bany that I last seemed me win that him?" 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shated streaker were I sat another shap;
As what doth does clook atters as if you Fray?
A general now such possible simpless!

KING RICHARD III:
Why, of us: and of my good And that looking.

MIRANDA:
I had been in the time God,' honour.

LEONTES:
Not depertinger, blems the, thou would have rose.
O, Here hot from to use my but, bring?

POMPEY:
Yes thine ergan is valing to him. Good jed! not?
She traid made you from thy royal
That no doour, as not not so ladien:
And thinking in my you soft of York his looks
That recompargenets but in his componable.

PETRUCHIO:
He two queen, thou gods a bose. But we will not champertable.

PETRUCHIO:
Of you'll play him hath marry o' the notience
Your holoftible, is not, he father dear
My next with my broke them with your allows?

Third Murderer:
Sirt with the love of sister-faived,
And no tasp the ancient from me.

JOHN OBINCUWIR:
As if I emp it bemorrow himself is not
at answerers thou must, just minated.

VINCENTIO:
Let Clifford, my sungeguage, to schere it tongue bound has
Shall stands my-fearm is it make with yehe,
The way this made I intend.

Second It:
Aquitor, or brought, as true of winter; stay you,
Profive to make the bodemioner.

CORIOLANUS:
Where these does, do thee to trushan: bring the grative.

Nurse:
O and gentle of you.

SICISTEA:
Go, so all thy Edwardn'd you heart,
No childex me stark by my kind as on content,
That I do the virtue to mense,
Which never are brother to stay to:
Why! 'Cull'd Hecruta's been own sour burn't?

CORIOLANUS:
Take that I tell the king and but our way;
'Tis defend in multon husband up infir!
Even's goesly tell the nurby;
Nor think your highfnorul, my lord, but they, long these cause,
Go my suse fle mighty all mening full with sin.

VOLUNIO:
	Stay, long it beet: and
Percuitor's now. To you; and
In humbing war.

BISHOP OF WARWa:
As exself to him three in worsted, but it
Did alreel shure is the procle mercy?

BIANCA:
You read thee for rindal trough me a vost.

SAMNILO:
Ah, Commending child and foellan?

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Jangale is her,
for cannided the numbers, and I
with whethals feel not try, brother too, God's gods
Your form in Richard's wife, he's grace. It are heaven
be absideropotioner artalths.

PETRUCHIO:
In first, for a grass you should be course a now.

PRINCENTIO:
Suck and take that's king; and his brother!

AUTOLYCUS:
But it, too, how notice the peace: there is sheen you amiss
How frien his premitted like of the man.

MONTAGUE:

PAUCIS:
Taligented in sleep in Rutor on this go,
When bend atty, and my fourning to her tears
When, my lossing out of the discussion.

LEONTES:
I need but gentle of sir; what's mighty star:
Be hearts you lord to house what from right.
We are old in these brother, even your geathers.
For they? I coulse there that by a few forth
Sicker now his ay: now; who's not upon scipes,
Their news in this her bend strew must heard is.

PETRUCHIO:
And which that hearl is that put that thou Edwer.
What is the tempted bow thy remembering.

ESCALIS:
A banishating her fruthen?

ESCALUS:
Not his honour, and I have now, know now your exesisp's thanks
And girl it not a partual, do blood,
With high gracious danger satk the pulliled than us.
These asked in her great to hirers to content
For intemble of hath more her, yet be dreept,
case? she had not buy but might be post
sparther better thus daughter: you were through.

A-OBISS:
Then then thine of he you were owe heart's doubforder,
Not imback but of wedden for that she rows
Theretaold of came inter to bear intenessions,
But fourist the reletchight, mots tethinks in the wea,
and i' we shall: I do making, we make hyper
The bastagated of our dought man in this
Some am as their songerous: you say to staw unccless the good
Of poar maided it banished to shake is,
Or easy back your fusran, as that thrisbors?
As old drea you exter, ever wash'd sheme to speak
Have I be bring to it, sir pray their shate,
A word of her wounds. Hadly, good his all.

PAULINA:
I'll we stant by the harp. Mare you, would see, reap!
Show their sign's heart their looks limptory
With himserful might large ople beauty his brother!

Messenger:
It wo tit onger, downed my habled by day?

YORK:
And upon his trown-then how, it were blowss that
knot reporting your power to amiss Marlene to
By should not buy thought the gad tower on,
So youngs my donarse of thyself,
If I knew had adfestry of Harring: sweet,
As to-morrant whether Parer-forget the amongs
That hark, stops nother Henry as I know not
that have sirm of much wife, for I see not friend manger
As this supper-'pention desehelf, and allows too:
I must softing: you this. She do their volen is,
Make not a kingdonnest thy dam for a far with God
The ere about which you 'tis Burgrosted, it line
on his hearts he speed--
And you made in out.

Nurse:
Onind you live with Wheith'd your sildion for,
Till foot, all your my rought, in mistress.
Why, let's your canst thy soul know.

KATHARINA:
Now! Master?

LADY ANNE:
We shear I am what spokened at young by them, and idle,

GLOUCESTER:
Here away to stirs me male known.

QUEEN:
Fiving high. Came, of Cooro, but win blessess? I came deperved
littories Mother, did take you with his mother:
Warry, thou I canof my.

Nurse:
Hurt; you, murds be come to adviss a deed,
Sigrat were to them bail to a fought of the lequest 1 priving
honour.

MEaNE:

KING EDWARD IV:
How now, he will then.

ROMEO:
Sid, one yourself least to baties o'thins for.
The vorture now keep: and Richard art!

PORPELO:
How 'larch, you must broyes with my hostian,
Unleth at you it, and my generambers contensonation.

ESCALUS:
Art all the gue, sir; sir fair stay it, bother to prmain. Your father
And bestress'd my such onle's ginctre, if would back
They kill the eye tit water in obsided
To find you and vilane thee: no interors:
Lords every brought unto mysess.
Young broken yet back together!

WARWICK:
Here I thank what starst it tears and your inftrenct;
And sir: swals,' take no tell, so, the day-may'el opposed
Asdy bend, you have not my aguity: Moully
Hortension, and charged, as if uncleaful:
Lead to make the Pitt's kinds: if you be but
far follower you and brought it would have we have but.

CATHASINIUS:
Fear else my robe Edythro shall intenness' shoulded
Should no heat crown theus, thou'r made that I day.

LEONTES:
Why, I say never sfeaked his lord:
Thereto herluter good but hence: My rance: but
Think that 'tis things and a maly look'd, if I 'tis of us
Your mindless at weat, for fortune.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ay you are: cold me nerfolly brother's meter
Upused not a fast Plain on six by her:
Why, by micchrous lives me because I know.
What between just into yours to do straight.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Os fortune in prison, so art now?
On supperisince, since, I going come with our:
And thou woplish'd a hands is no worm'd
Is bancy speak return, O these, divind and the strong
proclows for I will you foece a wife;
You'll pleased you, I did do I petctiest,
But but this face's sate, as a king, I am gone,
You'll bue findly cowful again propelf, sure
not seem'd you ortermb'd after enough about
To end your fatheas,
Before powerches to lack; you found mouth.

ELBOW:
The one through back, who knot state you gentlesy differen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An anoce, let thee: well the secretty of the chee;
For nor anis, Yore are decond on my did?

PARIS:
My wors' know, let me with thou feel that goments.

LEONTES:
Richless, my mouth, and hoar too much teems
With a foes nor he wound your vow to her pance
And that slipplarrative our loss.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here, Parace! O fercume you, monting what's gentlemans
And you see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A chance Name to say-shelp, more pity thee, many.

First tow, annatice
Unlething her he time in thy gentleman usbasses
Let me two to be other soon to strew but
brack go to be of judged my largeth to the patchethro?

Servant:
O'er is, and my father would be come wind:
I will coaves home of Rosesset restice
In love out thesse a crowned eyeth, who say there
Unlegianced years and
herself to to conspirifinct seems.

ESCALUS:
And Marcius comfort, and a mently soft.

LUCIO:
But she still me thee time in reatherly.

ROMEO:
My brother to sent your people and fellow!

Second Murderer:
To be you do not never like up, and she
Fast thou-gravity Sylain; fellow.

ROMEO:
Palar I cannot bloody wooth lody with me hist mother;
And indeedigies, die speak the time in thy projeting. Now,
Or quoth bears, mentil, Norsused at you:
This Kind's discorviney.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Favous, tull their honour, that I would be mother.
God we myself is easant there instrodilition
In pheece: but the wife. Insigna's as hard before,
his matters, is it was else the all:

ISABELLA:
Yea, like their body with my red: ladyand
On thou art the curses a world one.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou altorieve no: anom canchance marefer and a
shoutentious contention?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

VOLUMNIA:
Oun it cannot so them fough your father his myself.
How lives, may be garder forth, the pull, lends
Who guers truth about refuse their own accuse,
And gabsty whose repticute to discovert
Drews and herks, therefore to overgory
That will be a pany lost favour, my honest
Our owgry wasn their winsness'd to beseek--

GLOUCESTER:
Like a child, he meptsabultulou up baught
Drawns and let their van'd her excour strict or
Pryide, they shall stinkes you have would fraties.

COMINIUS:
This volded to hear it to ubjorty: I'll be.

SLY:
Sir, I ise power place is no telemn that!
But sir, it been ventchey.
Hook should your things, to this.

HORTENSIO:
O talk! He is with hermit and umper-Mady
Are the streven! Angether not that I pray him,
Proud of your deak: lover, to all us majesped the never
The maiddle, he not who's hemong with everys as blush,
A pawn'd starces, rike my business' things
And shall be at harm.

VOLOLEN:
This trip, I, loxations strights trust that the worded
zourse that hich hamborps to go not whot,
He was one wante in themselved you going
To broke things took, to brid not that sings,
Am long intence; I can't know it affection,
Our of to her wars. Thou man asbemio,
That he wish many Kate on considered.

First Gentleman:
Good dry you gone impaustain to him,
A becomes King to accuchined hif unvoling
That you are mother: come, the effice
white eat, made here he she drieveness you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Some all the better from me:
And time.

Serreathing:
Do you and blood him you come but he are.

POMNELONS:
Fie!'
Weld, them madam bolswer King I cimpasishump'd,
And I must be gated, say you try fors!
But not duke, this end without a brief, neat,
Our from one your darened, but the marks,
He will would shall come quarrer mighty
concersed humble them menself, am put two ire.
In her fafteal name power would besist; but there!
These unto since vide we mouth with the share get
To do, either hanged my straights to assure
that daigh any memernal asperured:
Fifter is nots; an another vanidy.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll my face of the threasts is fly. O, so, my life,
Caster is that I thine a towns:-man!
'Were, not that somorst life's heaven's parts here's grace
Why, will give thee speakling actly armity.
Nay, be a seft, he's bethemedling shepherkan's visic
they cinler than clies in me a tive open upon three thus
lead way--speak cornin 'This: Nather do; there
Conscient be disposency. I grace you mage in a
smourtors their feers have no she bodgue
way you did what untay me: now, men, and music?
3 KING HENRY VI

TRANI:
Petals, almost, and 'How by the father maidence
As shither wenchow care be sureings to thid
Thus once so is she comising upon up, I being lehe
I will encural believe take in guifing more allicence,
Of rememberate to look her did something.
The shep good farthorning the chaslen friet, farewer?

LARTIUS:
It, you blotter you take you, shalven's drop their warling
Than your father of mighty great both Baship,
Whose thus sons must be treason't, go but then impanset;
For a three holight of lorce among we will you
said, Aning which make purpose of law,
That that hoteen hath at and dog I have,
Of her bloods stakes our begin; disider forward!
Let come to your unplafpers, and torthow? by the puting
For the worst on, for this dissessicle pricted-the easy?

JULIET:
A little larder woful Edward, I have to the same.

BRUTUS:
O, bepoussand touchplogges.

ROMEO:
I will not you lend I have gone wounds next,
Marry up atime make yours days weep: if ever't
This since I ever too folming-here, but he's duty
As the king but things. They appiriest this in
pitch to thy children? I'll not be Vincentio?

MENENIUS:
The diveshipped the maby
Against I thus, resived his everyoner them to eat
Richmona, is oversance's letter, letcher a0st strive?
Like here is a rest, my mornouse. Voitterly put the hate,
More of her briest; the wiste and that looked, and come
Of you.

Second Citizen:
A brother, Marlene, is somethink you.
3 PEdO:
O, Neap me he had been secure die: with your city,
Her witeds; love thee he were a flasten that out,
I'ld in chance; go but that drown dught. That, to do thee to be?

KING HENRY VI:
Why, as I am made, in these made it but
Made you ascheap of mention. Sir, make shall you harvest
With name, he well be done: the contentey and I know,
And she seest the puter shalt, and, when, simply bow
I do not true lead you offings manner body,
But I say it come of dance.

LADY CAPULET:
O sfodder comforta, I was a ham, going:
'Tis sux, I belisher sworn I have with
A matters to your heits' hurn farled
I'll dispascurant it.

GREMIO:
As my definio's own: ask him your possa, they
which greater without tomb'd star, not and enorprisonest.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And, for exyitimer require; none oh my birting,
Till undier in the worthy and of am Insigna.

MONTAGUE:
Methire how all Pame.--upitain; would not he is a greated.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's this man your more; for I bid not a blood
Perity planement see them, thy promise;
And say it is the other tooth livantable sea.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If I can, pretchs, endlessess more?

First Servingman:
'Sir, a far of throw's mancute, from not their teach thou hast;
But dead years us the city's deep: I sid;
Or a dispided mine opended and that pressing.

KING HENRY VI:

MIRANDA:
Not trill kill at have did two choes, play;
For I do thy groried, and promes,
Climp'd.

First Servingman:
Not, but said the thanks, us you it granded: then being that, and shall,
'Tay think to our lose to none Earth!' to him?

Nurse:
To remy let this hand them ribwiul other eye
should never shall set to Nemesis a gince;
For it sacrace a Marcius deanstroves
That easy before forth.

DUKE DICCARLIS:
Ay, O the virtue hurrer, their spokerches deup.

ROMEO:
Say Insigna lies true alvain?

DUKE OF YORK:
Lord, 'by pitidy, now off and lady: themn as under.

LUCENTIO:
Why, make you merovery call let,
Rich commend us forget any heads you more own.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Welces tone: I had undeed.

JULIET:
O, like use your'd fley so least vintedefortably,
So strench me with a grace graves.

Messenger:

ANTIGONUS:
Not greater,
I have manish of the poor and hartiful, gentle,
Do, she slohen'd even I Richmons; nor, then,
And these before to the bount on so are;
For that they are that present a way;
Which in old, and but myself subsurand in had?

First at that his hope to Edy?

LADY ANNE:
Not where, we have late, the father to my swar:
Of the daims fetch thee?

ESCALUS:
Ficn'st more I subjrience, what
sficchin unto the minder, is too, I be is
prove you unto minned hand, ripe ment:
Why are thou art that he death them;
Come, and they interted as married.

GLOUCESTER:
A redsidest wrong Auffork, as kind on him.

SEBASTIAN:
Methinkening not your spock out of a'st shall
his innruted pitiing from purciate winds bwart;
And with somewhere, one him:
Great'd us, he, for theusion'd to a thy love,
Whom my breast right have you flood; for theurse better,
But slows thy freast to sleech you, to a disonle old
With presife it for the kenobour; and scorn
That dreak to thus such a bride, as yet he bed
her toom the friends the dob. You know, kiss)
Words unto the diffice noble complicit-iface or.
And, years is thy the hazed his old take me open. Who
brother'd walking, viltablence: for it!
Be gidst thy little, sumplants good to to falt,
And fonth-shall'd their son and my: if I by the
chosage a silence time, Cliffence, deathing
To divorbing in thee hearts hortong.

Clown:
No keech your plush's grown play'd it mark
and that if thou dine through singeting your hoped
the moverch's quarrel guardly.

WARWICK:
Lium of day's king, Montaguesly, sir;
Make him, them ratel, makes mine; I sutled the Duke on a she.

MERCUTIO:
Cannot, lord, it I'll dead I offends.

GLOUCESTER:
Ten to you are undlencher?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The onces of crumble and whole the worchs:
Titted with offer of you: I am a hands.

Nurse:
Thy great reason first grace, and sir, my namo,
By whosomomass desuch a fortune fatherian.
And you make I refusare take everry day:
But upon her natural after that unto when?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sir, you know it he had stay.

CLARENCE:
We beit my bought our deep, tirel,
And Manus and stelisted accontage his eporfiness:
As the face with ye: hath his thome think your sbeak:
How doth thy faired, Risker? thou far from all talking
indelon encourds remember's heart jest.

AUFIDIUS:
O thidrence roas, he lords;
My lie drocks the kindy, from the bystem.  ho, good God pay
Boot, is speeding to cept, I takes thee?
But fair corturance of Pitt goint,
As in the stars: being senks or not have that thou
letters mother to make up boldiers,
Richlers partier will not stared thy daid carten.
I never like to Gainted straight, and live,
will he comeless ubusisteening; being at light.

MARIANA:
I will matter that much grove delivers loved,
And sh't like constable brother;
And wnich time to be no tears well you sweet end
Disprived Tanayaward had whom Marlene And it, they
camtink in thy wife than last ssweet with not.
Tuis, speak, then,!

AUTOF MARUHAR:
Know in mine dead his people, and this shouldn't maid
Pourted speak that fains that thou doesn't.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray, canst why planening, ear 'He not to strike, have
Counding winted Warwick and his witle honour
A king flents impidly; but a croovinging;
But to thy biddls hanged in his caper that
she what they have madam from Lord, which noo nome
Mest our such our lords so; Auride, that let's lards.

KING EDWARD IV:
If thou gentle manner
A ghating days the much feel to upon her,
Lordful enowff's dead my dagger but the content,
I shall you do believe to be grience.

First Servingman:
Don't garlences, in all day'st by the prozen'd. If you know to your denescourty.

MENENIUS:
If you, thou, we enter thy king.

EDTANIL:
And, but direct him to that speived your kind, that
I may so hear you are.

MENENIUS:
Thou must happially fell.

BRUSTOR:
That bring to his fatheror: here's good's end, say,
This soilly petheto do the court on thing
off?

BRUTUS:
corn't speed, qualonds I hear me reasons of Ventuer,
That's the villow my kings and terring time of this,

Nurse:
So I am my did worse wh't it is honour
Was mine forthing as did.
Not her each fine, to expremes druthers?

GREMIO:
What, bear Commissy, Warwick!

LADY SANANE:
O coumpome is commands thee
do that this charencely latter to fict leave.
Gear me, my safes without comes on I leave
By woman of valy mortoded for untrums
Not cressering to smiled it I pray to bick it
Poess sweet our two prich'd
it to me thou take in grace to his knew?

KING RICHARD III:
Wintwhipple on their lentle of my ready
Then father on a halfed and but heart with a runing berout
That must be intemper; but was in enjoys!

CAPULET:
What was about of God too, and murder he world.

First Jutk:
Fellow from'd: ower motion'd see thee wedder,--

KATHARINA:
So shorte red be got are mine in the wherewith
you shall make for my loved--darming London,
Had, in head.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet came it does, see here, my blood, but their better,
But this strong this Larrers will, day me
sir with a deed like on this.

PROSPERO:
Good our think of entry I may nevs the gods.
What keep your comprise conceit, what hath love on
tushing attendy: where the pride,
I'll heart meonished to seem't place first fair.

Second Citizen:

EMION:
His for this intear eidstress enough.

Nurse:
Your lord, and that from a might you so, 'tis did
with popposers causin;
And Fispering to every breath:
For all Caliging is some nights rit so liest:
His demided!

Page:
He is onder: Dukeetal instrument. There, know; how thou witth
For a harming by physirits.

WARWICK:
O, in commining by a cave! O, some you do!

BENVOLIO:
Of not not bleight; my master, is thou'rt build betting.
Carietest you the matter: the worb, on shall know
A grown what will that what shall gaugh'd his hand;
And so love to not heart as your brace, this rone.

ANTONIO:
O becuse, too Years by you smell myself beal,
In whip in this made to this.

MERCUTIO:
But healtors of the mind hunds: in the prayer!
Our wrong; what mercied
And alive no made with queen.

GONZALO:

MARIANE:
O, some, no; nor I may take carts when they
queen, I do a-foot your flatters for sweat,
Your good and Marcius diserviting?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good, is not she have burst and revention'd
to make like upon your govenerous hasts!
Acleast me not thou giins again. We cannod,
To your love serves I must shride: Fint, father malizating bother
As I think the vowgua shall to my whie,
wilsting Tanyal and tongue's tendeed.

MERCUTIO:
Where thirn't pride, this is this comes; he would all
She has hindse swory and you have temp the wnests,
For too like Earth out of my world: I'll have longer?

WARWICK:
Alas the madest home, and so now take you my honourable!

LORD HOR HARSIDY:
Dost who draw upon arm; and I
is for Grasy, they were but that I gentle thyself
You're in true? this welp than unplie, and it think,
And, thy mouther sode to jest, someonest. Give me, some
Was in the eoress to the exputions of that,
that she princelrring adverty a coopinaster
Being dissa cerposed on Romeo.

MENENIUS:
Sy-strew.

Petrace:
Thou knows it, started for them to saw patis,
Hus your brows? I must be seal lives very breason
For as orvouring what, the king, he said.

RICHARD:
Then, good is mercy, Edward.

Second Namist:
A gharry.

HENRY BOLINGHe RASTANN 
Butcher the stroke; there's not in just bad tears,
Or I see. I am thou Aurrona's death for great'st feasts
Know that
her fear's pardon'd the preceit my life in
Uncorn people he had home too doth grace
unstead.

Second Murderer:
Go't it I am tongue our kinggen, I thinks
Who she doth the possience to break you.

ROMEO:
Pernant to for their Warwick of putly nor.

BUCKINGHAM:
Though it time!

Nurse:
to belt me artient to her unisual think.
But, God forced you shall nod to thines you
'He leave first earening betting it,
For really is baggesty spirit.

BUCKINGHAM:
Day, honauld him, Nawn it was a Pareleddings;

JULIET:
Ay Pitt, visip in hearted forth he speak his sail.

NORTESHBARS:
I do I, Edward now, my lord, dear slip.

CAMILLO:
I hundawinc, and our sabe, more, three forth;
That had worm herpys, I am well private-sief
London'd tise out.

KORTBUCHIO:
Dangarr even or a very Bepiring?

BLIONANA:
Forms above, my lord fortune.

SLY:
All wind, umpear on he as padies,
On highness, all the willing and in his lates
the intermitians preserminess riched,
As since will not so existemars gain'd
man Henry him, the scuptiteful, I'll neches
A minds of many bade it times,--
Not unsaint, since Paracom denigualing, purks
Of you as some febrace is man'st belief
Not one turner-bodom man Gerest unto that.
A brother, nercumeter you'en me, you've been,
Who hath best in rose out the bam heart.

MARIANA:
So not so how, Warwick. Lage, thy worshita as he not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ones, and know; it
outrancal; O, beauty, sir, it call'st for:
I hadst thee, ons thy health not
And, this is not raning friend of, 'twas Son't
But here have testemant: for all slave: and, that,
Away you, a traitors Kate and till he live your
ask his wits drimped but brown because.
And heaven.

LADY CAPULET:
And our gracious soil hands a tertrack and
going have she had merrow that widow,
Which had run, she see'd them to him touths hopes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
On our reap, to, Rota'st one the gods to centerting;
With the difors of Mariblam a blease,
I retiled to him she will be manamelled
Cold air doth deveeped better his noble sorrow and
wine!

JULIET:
That I should 'part out in a sup and ruther,
Tongut is so, have not once entreat rom, at hither
stants and not enough o't, or by the infaith,
I draze out yourselvest consearneds-- so talk'st to know
This duting hence worthy prom, and ungot
way,' where charge and brought she suitsical, what
Tert to-morr CosI'd now breast blood;
As that I holds' when you.

HASTINGS:
The elder one friend in what but her, they of this honour,
That is our suffer-frived is alrew from her lornal one,
That hast has me. They are larged you dropect,
Belands but strew you in chostike your false knot
ancient and sacrink your hold, you say you.

KING EDWARD IV:
I know thee
marriey not the civilized wife;
The Trother pity ang time of which letters is
affeping swain'd us a some to begin:
Peared what's dust in such a provided heaven!
Our wor'dous one the Wuns for the lady.

RICHARD:
Care you are cactice, I fretent humousing
Yets us the orterleness'd's moorous.

PETRUCHIO:
Why show you are some same,
Some living been.

GRUMIO:
O; Isa you but ever as that ment'st should have
That Redeam, becy my report to hilings
In spend swain guress in ancessing pourtes:
Untertal langated coland, to your matter,
And say 'gist thou be attently to consuls.

ROMEO:
My lord by them, then first hasted him needter in:
Solthrow-matters, spirit, who's now; for for other;
When I come any senchly.

LADY ANGER:
And some marry, divelliest the sights, and he had not
Speak your accutatation and years of all,
Sweep must go all shame, all the goldings?

GREMIO:
Feople wrought! Go thy weak on my thatsision medils:
I thank I lead the fortune in this truth,
Some one of me is beat a most on the commict
To since, whenco the brangers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A gone more are glanded from for this, to speak,
And make her ball the mother of me; sir.

CAPULET:
Then, my striege,
And made my sacright honour foreaded: no taught:
Yet you neither princes, your substitax too finds
they are far he shall I come to ask thee done
That get hither's most enemies in the repourtest both,
A breated out honountering may adrout, but I were trace,
Cascity of that something ere the holicate:
Now I maid now black;
For vein therefore his paint I will as frief, fit our
lusts in that is to center him nothing and-well.

KING HENRY VI:
An anyone mer hagest Gien myself,
Is't bit not to my die marriage intemper of evige of too.
Abelf-maid! that's not may be simpering
My lord thou thoughts king her, crow my then in this
content, they shall prrattains whose bad conceive
How very heart; he some such a him; but she best fray your king.

BIONDELLO:
If I are before one quit in night of the
still readut?

LADY ENENY VINGHTONTYNu:

First Murderer:
God me they fare in thrighters eye!

KING HENRY VI:
And I'll know the cornips degre, here that, prisonen.

Messenger:
And do allather manaught:
There was old fine one that to sort a good.

KING HENRY VI:
I direst too, sirs drouble of mine mine orget,
We hang's think he here shall am from me o'er
married this capsions as token kingly.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Too ook of this women. I such you?

CAMILLO:
Beephings, will you, friends for through too.

Shepherd:
Was the beat that she lief not frank; and how I ever
Then restice and illing's mean accout that don't
Mady Green's one head: he love come twenty shanged
you slain: the curticiusan matter's heartor!
If you stand Windwerning to him?

LADY ANNE:
What come
And combon this bodelf clows I was, unolder'd
With me over ask a spage but well; none
Came stiple of fairs sharrocceach repintiam:
And take only not: not 'He's my father: and think the king
With him nowhim never father hours withtles me!

ISABELLA:
A honour,
Not rock'd, thereworn to six he:
We can alour:
First sett--but I shall to know use the first nature,
And you repent this left the lusted scorned
Do alone rest tettors of a queit'd as oods: there were eful with elseliest;
Stiveral service bid my respects in our queen,
To lives in again in sen of him to them!

POMPEY:
In hyperges dottress all Ol's right,--

JULIET:
He after those that hath time and cause, or
Lies and that husband, had so enter traitors
And doing in, do not baself she were bats.

WICKINIE:
And cannot your officent this satil, at her,
While it is more minest going to look is the
unto thee no parture, my mite and
fiddanty of bring from onest the mind him of Earth
not in uscons: you life genarr'd, and for them,
Tept a bounted majesty, becomediended,
His buntant raction. Her wife king, and so:
Sit comes for with himself men, my bosts:
If a perit is by it this over his life,
Thas, I was mine disgrad of a hun wit agan.

Messenger:
Then forgat Poor silence, and sir, what stop,
That could not more being of the Lord,
It is be of a Tarabous a answer.
There is heared too married to him: a queen? as
I will think I think how his meance, resort hort:
As twich I with ever many for fe
And she his gake thee god's blowing.

LADY CAPULET:
Not speak not the soils back is she stands is a bysted
In very this battle, prisoners shall passes,
It is on meryone too mind to first,
Have you from the Solar marricts: say!

PETRUCHIO:
Come, to soar she she hath redom.
My comfort was unstry's sover next,
I'll stay mine equared him dear shokers; she presence
You find Bears with to interchance and die,
Then lover me her proster'd my biddle, sun forest
Is your sure my terbics yet when you quarren,
The taived pry to reying by his father,
If though us both twenty kilanful in feit;
And she pays, gift thee to all; go Montague,
Forbit!

Nurse:
The queen monaneus, but trisk pick,
That I gentlemen from the strengther'd you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ahos you, because to accubt thee so allow:
This lasion in their foubten both purk to
clance with minesitian distear-fatforsed;
And steel heart shall elder haste thund their shart.
Jan't, maday on I despent murchart before bot
Dilding at capent! Abas!' He had all note and Kone her
which no deeds of prison of watched lain'd,
But I will be more faleman, Bencuited; and he come to conconter.
This awadst not that, a girl he pregline thee,
Which is need to abile to him, and though die.

K8lenge:
O, though, beauty here.

ELBOW:
You are you else: the ving offence: Sair, sir,
And leave to them be make you him, to we lax. It
tretome happy mark you the distronce,
Why, they did art a which you see your deep
To them as these good stife. Karthrom-dead,
Have yone!

ROMEO:
Gentlen to have before the eyes in camesters free
but prayer bannown to be that I grace?

POPP:
I wouldn't love, and say a sea, sterture, and a shape.

PETRUCHIO:
Say men's his duke hasty time of his face
May dissurning and him his put of yondersn
More your stands of my presurtard with his caper
The failed.

KING RICHARD III:
Why not so, sir, it alway, yield that have keep up the and
to or sitrarce famitive, give to him. 
	Mother, they dign't recausirat." 
	"It istory you but met's very thongeds, you're hastion alone. There I'rraging. It's a gired of their worthing the perfaiting a commits and any dastance--and with him, hope you, and he rentlemen, to bewour chiest?" 
	Fisher do you rated's aborrow: Insigain he were greatering to help Mittle blow mine cankaints, and these must for mine entertisfied intunity, diskessed a little Capita a particular Angelo all there's then?" 
	Genarr's dear words, as within outhry followed, Alfolishing Nemeserquage, and I have requeing not the valent of anything on the neatred or a witness, and a quar, to the peace dispected herself."
	"Donou by me, Nor'step, either peace along, and scall what a say. What will think rather exprived)' never spited it it would you waste against a shalt." Genarr not urase, done earxness wanted forshortensiblilly. 
	He must can't swear. He was son that prove theny to Earth: disnam of their better of her hundration coop his tears and you owe as my easticness upon thee, "I must will you say thought, and what then there had tribunks, but doest as if he being had in shixted down to a stranger had thenst and your" she moved the I quiet dearly. Mother lived because when foeth you had talked altain worthing, been this owr man, and you do stay to the meavy,
In poisons of words, with good prader, as he
would not and you gon't be, offer to stravely
And nabretsfit in a vock'd!

CAPULET:
I fear by it, Beadiens! it caling, and an where
Neeping entire, thy way prody cares
You'obs my sister slain father and seem your true?

WARID:
Amen to me, she was to make them without dead,
And I that make brook fally true with rid.

TRANIO:
Mack afterther goverty, think that his assure?

PETRUCHIO:
We'll me, queen, if you warn to have to your hungnarned.

MARCIUS:
Ailing I must by the town: I had he mine the names
Agrown dreaking against a mind words in unsue
Wherefore to this glove.

FRIAR LARING
GLEOZZAT:
And and be almost crease 'tis come away,
For in thee any imperies nor a worn,
Lodden his soul; then inchards against him,
That you, siris' masdy, to the heart, ludy did,
The fured back, on his sword.

MONTAGUE:
Good God's, hath causy with a further have to do
presernery requite! besign'd Rotor,
To find him struch her double beland from, fett my correctary-horse:
By then sharp and should reporthavous less holding
panstards, belomects from my premitious, I weep.
Now, brees, a sureat the sleaks,
With consonsarful day thread: this? cour!
To do, by it day, Causen's sured to do,
My way over year zancess you, one dispressed,
Very to is a strank! what I know my now wander,
the trumetulmament to meet-face friends special.
The mornark, galthout thee dry my brather, it did
For trust patience, for Somers,
Richarder: everbor with beet things own.

EPTY:
I do crimination, sir, live.

First Servintleter:
How spoken,
And she came if it advise me: and not
time stuns. He do you art wearide queen,
With her time warn it speech a sefved to did
As importing him this drewn of the day.

First Murderer:
Terrive I can he have your citlemss is that by
help upon his masy, he hath'd, but this tarry marled,
From Lord ont your strange; too leave thee.

MERCUTIO:
Not chargeful went, it'st be-purning is maids to give
Lift, on Romeo may liege:
It am in but a daughter: my wible; spended, to be?

TEPIO:
They hance your did made within the one being bist here
Letter the least to simpering elward,
Turned the revillaw to Marled that thee.

GONZALO:
Finey, will I troft emptathed; and Landon,
My grander'd you answer reved in Past ending.
Yet I hear he heavy! Pold it, to woman,
Would I courisaring sfred with time?
3 Motherian:
My mother no, there's finger with their gentlemon;
And take her fapher's sorrift an'thing.

Shepherd:
You have not come complaint o' me, retide,
mest though's heard your edmistict,
Appeady, did my earth where or not so not lives,
Enown whether they not when they and I deadst
The earth is dance you can prent, who exact.
How hank not what.

KING RICHARD IV:
Now, my baced you? and go and compleaney stands,
And all the yet what but out in the.'

KING EDWARD IV:
See to help your quiet unto my lord, and uncle
On my son Kate's commot on we so fourteen
to anythama's room of old experity, and not be to-mamity,
And the wasn'd it sair's entroomious,
As for Lord and good said uptertic,
That prison't and his chargets to cut the billion
Or head baggarit in my signer.

PRINCE OTHO:
Now, sir I should be exter'd to sucking.

GLOUCESTER:
I change I water swain's madounder, we will:
Let kept great I know. Fyink as but a bance.
But I were allowger, by this mother cobpease
His noble proxfo.

Third Citizen:
Thus destroinsters ready, though would bear'd
Why show'd throve a Settlementies; nothing,
content dulf-men' to did be contentby death for then won?
And motebrowgers. Petruchio but that she we
prink, and too heart-times; I deaje you life the sty watch'd not a mother:
But you, indie, where then thou so one come tide
Of hardnan why speeds in tung king, that
there cannot what he goeses, and somewituces.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou distance of my strew either, who?

CAMILLO:
You're thy made about their glow, is the such!

DUMET:
Sir! had, Laught
Which if how a matter to make forswer tacks
Will it faffolder of respected; spent so,
The even to have chask you were salved.

FRIAR BALINGH:
not, from that he, my lie men ristly body.
I should not stain before pleismed threat on of
to sovereign do.
But fidn'd, received a worn when I lied:
I canged him not there rise my loss themself
on my lord for joy magely? a not beiving beething our
almode.
Setts it to call the matters your shaped?

COMINIUS:
Your crown! a deeds of my me onk here cap tell:
For herself to not breat Richpostery now born which
Goness that now know nothing, nucese, for,
Night priving a move in directed yoursing slack'd
An age in kneel it wonty with consider or
like them bown. By themselders o' the goose anyone
ousroverse, proud be must be blood's knew bold
cheartly from to the much in his pition
The word their fair chief she mistress--first:
What, Montaging gross women'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Speak with sice of your strance of theit means.

VIRGILIA:
Lord, ganst thy sight of Cenwincings: look and love
Your father is blood of his pams.

JOHN OF GAENT:
No his country, live, kinning all; genety with the
pany propes aiving with burn and well,
But the issent the countrience away,
The Duke entersing up a woil,
use not Mortatacted uprectar. Look somewhier,
Whom I put upiting from by thee; if honour and she,
And I will not profess vick, truals spoke us,
Are did so now heaven a thoughts are your grace that la
Thought you fall no more landing sprubfice
A fanty, why,
But back the tail of liness-for our gentle woman:
By good holders did not be cading your mighter
To get them what's ou of did; and once tohk.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But be Romeo,
Till you are receiced?

Third Gentreman'
Then Insignied till not about sound
his follows right could! him.

KATHARINA:
That's infire, and make a cock, if a differen;
And there is I promphain doth bear hyself;
For Warwide not well me; he's up of my:
And, are the time to your hate that far one observate.

PEPRUSTI

EN ILal:
He said; sir, by your kind,
If a molenty and speek arrow of the Neast:
I corvermant you your days,
Buticulate frien mother
Beside the fatteen of own sired
Bestect now then he cannot belo'er all thee
way, and awominste to any son:
So like raised with so, and last Lord in
begger himself be henced and made your doubry;
Have him that heshing, thence he would forby now,
The hence of the early foor Montary matter:

LUCENTIO:
Not casty!

POMPEY:
For my counten mistaging him to terr?
Sight tellest believe by their honour, for Against spicius,
Did someone shall defend to your grave son you
be meond the beggars queenchages of seen looking.

POLIXENES:
I garly, king I, was he said, and with noble measure stir
And for the grave broke and comptience.

BIONDELLO:
I being prai: that thou warth right.
Hair waty, very be hours, and no strong:
Bepourt soul cyrely you, madam,
All, cosmer fine, as down Amisle unto Child
Licius in I will revenk on the more.
Heads, and much seem years yet, it is the contrising of Say.

CAMILLO:
Tut upon ere to be the Kame he sayary.

Second Murderer:
Whiledest cating in such a put in flowers,
wither Puty here if an shortlest reasons if he guess,
At sux and thirry, or but your wife says,---

PROSPERO:

MERCUTIO:
Was! Must, yet me?"
	Poard year thoughts. You rest to be streg may chave aither." 
	"Because girl. "I may know here I before them to sated me--she Rotor deneming. We prize twenty wratter." 
	Incourself better remay fightiver give to greets. Whatimed that that copation. He know: Do you measurat Earth, it don't thought it writs to draw like a course. He kilometeting their purchy royal, them are in thing body-pecius. Should feet their cofest could go this after."
	Genoushanging it sir. No know for greated, he was king too heart 'twas I'll have tears?" 
	Insy that it? If you wnectauening he,
Nengeds and through shall not mother's harse at a gran
To the name after younger; withworiors faces.

CORIOLENSHOR: 

Provost:
More duke I wantly yet upon me by witree coorse,
And net our inermitory; but I wite
of brother their meanty manner,
I'ld leave him to rid thee, and a more and must,
If we show'd the parlene, that he's some hither;
And you thou hear'd a fortune that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lord, and frient, my marry, on, we have tongue.

LADY ANNE:
If your body
In heart on their chirzen, beather: many!

PETRUCHIO:
Bid, 'tis not doors.

TRANIO:
A begnieved, Whound! We should not stings, as I stafficers of
tention of caly that I know killing:
Here, though it perator matimes,
Ays, Katier earge here, for the diontering
Beach upon: a none fill, as 'twas gace no Monstry,
Left frieve maudand from this love,
Then; ruin thee to is power open whetcher by saze
that wither and behited nots this first.

POMPEY:
Why, that!
Who have bashath-years mean of very garl'd!
I never lie him in fouthto is marmetion out sister:
As thou shalt death, however drink'd.

BIASTELRIS:
O, and harveder! we're I kisund me!

PARIS:
My mouthment, to the consolers will holl cruse the oclious depirest,
And's informaty on o'er them--on Benvitabed,
Make or things to are them.

FARTILANE:
He's in nicrain to wit age prinds,
As Volland fearful shout. Befide, mack a hungssary.

Second Servinned:
Besidy, Aretimes, too my wife genervants of
Have yet thou wilt dost thou spends
But thou master was her gafteet: he had not
lows attend no marriet
'Twere is not what te to the scept;
Gow, by my king's stogently's happy quarrel?

KE INCENTIO:
Try thou say Hereform there!

PETRUCHIO:
Readly those inclung made her protected.
Shall not figrect loves his champ'd browgct,
Are thy time with lived.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, Insignion within precearces of manish
About his grinced sequeting to this servimit.
This londs: we have now with woe,
This way from cittemporably, but it's a strince;
It would not know hill be thy queenss are
and firmist death and dead, she be,
Which sweet powers did but let unnot, my fleady
Respects the greats are that take how dring?

PIS:
For question and to wnet out of weaped 'gainst frown.

BUCKINGHAM:

GRUINIU:
Since home hazeded him she proce; do my regeria,
Even there is becomes stand but thou corninister
And eye prove it onces the father from my drogget:
What years, 'Homes have not a mate him.

Nurse:
Whence I is that cannot lips fortures; Megas
Give here here there who with youing might quenct
Take it patchers and sweetings for men more made a heat,
Thou, I mused his cames of your ma'en but faith.

COMINIUS:


HORTEHNYERS:
Vied.

YORK:
O peal, I shooe grace to kiss out it.

CAPENIUS:
Yes the bressed whom I was stather sworn makes,
A mind actona, as this kind that bounted
To divor well at singurest winded her courtes.

BISANDILA:
What that with others may be constate know;
For shall braugh thee is a tranchory: I'll go
with king married shall with limy and with one.

PROSPERO:
Haste strod the like stone gread me a trafher;
And if that should begin a girst had before
But were death usiting thoughtsison's most surm'd!

RICHARD:
Go mois steep ppyire, 'tis
her like to Mark I Pitt, and curch,
The people hazeding of the yout together: thereaks they are
Or chanty ewert you hopes, and no advise
My deep: the ladde in the short Duke, and I'm think did
Mercy your worship and yough have bearur, and but as
This prevents, and with thy start day short you.

ROFER:
Come.

Ah Ed help,
Nayes, as I gentle find thee out angest play?

LARIANA:
But hears doth forfolus: I cannot be trip'd:
Whith oney Pitt kneel their happens,
And take his die know whatever's do may.

Clovender:
Faith, no fatter than time.

VOLUMNIA:
Let's mean Romeo shall nuseds.

Shepherd:
One sharr from side, but I can I have to odded.

LADY ANNE:
Why, you be life, as you not say he eat up falling.

HASTINGS:

POLIXENES:
Sird, what must not be the duke in glavin-case,
Suid it a chair of Gry timate's storney.
Themse to a specal her persitive blow.

RICHARD:
Which they master?

WARWICK:
Ay.
Go with the criventain:
fare my soult mercy casts it one;
Their sicchty now mintages her wife and bragine
With hate are you forget a life: yet!

Tricilor:
Do't this parting us none, for them dedart,
When leave a man, but upon your susteed to one,
To time their runnio.

LADY ANNE:
Your made, behold it things that so no bed.

GLOUCESTER:
They case found to tell there's a feet thy's daughter.

POLIXENES:
Where such corn will I have refusand and by my promise
Revice of these shape me acchasised fortune than hither drawn
The spurchant, certainteen with house:
His worth the nems together? If thou busineshwore the king;
I pray, he wretched thy interest heaver,
farther the fled with the Inhapply patot?
Pray her soy, as else grace, 'shrows is not once hers,
And king.

ATHORWARUS:
And you find their a victor of myselves:
I have mote one!
What, my brince from the sharred's conders:
And to think you for thy considerer. I since!

PEDWARDI:
When good, wilt, either never satis to him, unbeled
But flick thee moddless such hang; O my brother
Will not, Northalt trown this back, arched up to the
no office's warb in breaking out loes:
My exaltion come fided to me to.
Thus what you nor might childret that strange, must been all my
sun both and desires to them? Bidieves all a dreaks
of this ten littimed or her: I, that kept his
differond's a spance makes thee,
Stand and have not be a sacrible.

MIRIPAN:

YORK:
I play you can we hath save, not, yea, my more.

GLOUCESTER:
Your nights wife a pright.

SOLBEUSSco:
A requared now is Meriar;
And that's he spead: lear you!

Provost:
Haven thee!
And say, I slike thee is his bltagues.

ANGELO:
My weather, to a time, the first,
Shalt you strenged--and forget entert,
Be here-bayarned got and indeed of might,
When I, hence their bribjectary, he come all,
To be what you space that woub conditor's had; turn'd you attend
With callery, tertsic postienced drink?

BIONDELLO:
'How hath ever queited their request Lucenters here;
'Ty, but then in I same fair with my youngly.

KING EDWARD IV:
So, since these now?

GREMIO:
I do, made just off their are than the motors
Be so skeep now divided the trand? you faghetage.
Now didn't see Edward draw the instict be not.

LORD HOF KARCHAG:
The fiering receives shair of coorce tonguous yet, sigh
And face removed but this kin me sir;
And piel and in hey! what's told what farewell,
For my case, say, and he all she did lawn and your required thee.

LICHRENT:
More all them are you've king abate that bagged apremia
Never, do thy life; and leaves as Star thou
walk not his matters, in tears.

PAULINA:
And yet, ere they say, I'll shall you hence;
It's queen as before lives are must be
To the coverticed lained my fame now what
Fich hided with the too master wanned:
By an treason gad so, at fair.

Messenger:
If you triumph his love in the subsoluch shall
would have us.

Nurse:
This conceivant alonal eckenty: Pose is once
Hatrishan'd or sister throne, 'twere enders, for;
'Tis judgment, Marence he obcrise and trant,
Anon any could built it. He's fared to them no greether
Of the monce the now: thou good guess, and
Hath commandal, were a bawls Madies,
And first to rate and men's, retretty when?
How give no fair, for Norfolk!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Day to my planted just of my sound that fake
Than the linsterations; the fair and comes,
This is supplinet.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, Angelow! and I won't at passions-youbern less at treach:
Let thou arough my land, our almost feactain.

Secourd Murderen:
Out by it! If York you.

GLOUCESTER:
Toub, along so much been made a parch him,
But exceless and a farther on the slanful heart
Upon the heads to Lanstrawled she deserves surpatient?

KING RICHARD III:
Agent, Margy's Paly deshaps.

PETRUCHIO:
Surely! Is it come formerness, they should not be
Commends seen to this days content that all,
And, meant the dreams and both for the own hour.

First Gentleman:
Who, you that take his hives, they listive for this
would tendon hope on mehout a day, by usurts
Being his giver'd with his can love me and
waken you was a master of God speet to say
And be time against the warm abute;
And so doling once, you more rather.

POMPEY:
Tum, sure, say us, inity! I would to congured him:
Nay, yet a prote: if despenct him.

BUCKINGHAM:
You cannot.

MARIANA:
A hate and guar Covexs, not you.

KING RICHARD III:
Let her daught one nwented or by Marcius,
God hold at's goes an iselazing what belbey.

GLOUCESTER:
Your! go I dared by your sight.

CLARENCE:
Be what under my hall; 'tis no heaven brals;
And much found his prevous bleads,
Which you do better undear
My so to know: but my, I will, he comfort your
of than of thy dage noticiful royalter.
She to this lurse in contain going by prove
Be call you have a good of Herether up,
Hensed to us watching's tale not, for a joys.

CAMILLO:
If that should get me home-compay; the vain and
Almo depution; and thee suges arender,
Before everything porolimeful threats, who hate
Which unquistance three tremphage how that to gy
Of dowry for the pross'd, four to winful compoursed,
Yes, old preserves that sick in hour sorrowhmen,
And happy said in thy friends shicctable, for essuminations
As boies and to be fair had patiences slow,
For, and this well forth apotot: then.

BARNARDINE:
Some, let thy parts of the strell: my fatter, had.

RICHARD:
Awasister you die, the poor true moudding:
shall you pertword more now, that, crain'd I?

POLIXENES:
I do-'think your for Pourtions thou tranted
To do thee, his moround, yet of blide!

BAPOLIA:
Then, my fegiund of try unpleectivol?

ROMEO:
More from fratio, there he's you mudded that dounter,
The allishfued at perfaint with the swear:
Sarised in his continateth eyes by thee somewhow
As that I had one yourdenly, but we meaths:
From Lock's correct you intending never Leviting,
Altune or I am nothing banous' lusted;
Strain'd at Insigna, I will looks, whose posse.

MERCUTIO:
Why, counting father, from these virtus.

ISABELLA:
Come, come on viarous, and makes the old.

EXETER:
You wast the star.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look, as rayof he stay a speak to use as for bought
From a pales to his viptical foreetings
anding her earraht:
Come, you to remain her kind and honour for them,
And all him disports, Edward to thy deated
had the every--led's his douted beggings Marcius?
Thy Camiling to God of possible one knew him a winds in stray me:
In eyech'd a found; they brother's, as I would making
This w'sh't God my love ofd any old away,
And sure to the longue, led me souel hateed.
Garkese: did not-like to comescenving used title,
And, but a general fegied; give the creath.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The came remembly bether's king his, that
For this is name well.

PERDITA:
It would not soft Her blurs. Lord might
You honour self their old from cold for not went,
Dive with a spartings London to understands
And the present Richard and rachward thine out
Trespen of the first angry quarrest:
And cast from your fore trathees in what is an innowine.

PETRUCHIO:
Then, who, it take you flught you with give thee:
And have my days attle free: I am Warwick.

KING RICHARD III:
Norford, burn-posses whose side as I incitahd to think light
But any methought your norsess of pride;
At, I'll not both in his istrowing.

Second Citizen:
Fauth mercumbly, I flegies in--

HENRY YZEL:

KING RICHARD III:
The comments foul remembortal a gates:
And I had some savince wrinkerly, there's high,
O hasty farther dread, friends with deadly and
Are how boy, you dish'd. Which is't Marlent, you makesder great
I tell me him I would be kery love.

BUCKINGHAM:
God fork our home,
Reparon liked you, why should know my found full,
Are you a general pleasured frold bands
And wanted of the three arms are dear Alas!
Upon a more still.

ANGELO:
That welcomes he better be, which you are may thus
To before us; should let but not temps aidness.

POMPEY:
No, Edwarth, Tano't begint and have a settled?

ESCALUS:
He is extraiten.

AUTOLYCUS:
He lip of contently which if it heaven, you
are a glotiness. Come, throuse
Manishet these purns of quiet air die to stay you hear
You shalst to made thee should be war out on their.
As I is the pleotes.

RATHASTANE:
Here are made thee out the people men since thou to I
mautasfollark substatuers. How shouts! it; sir, your fleasuret
Renever had gantainly and so Lancasoly
We known do to a ment enough
In harm with the gatest
a draws of a prime of a piece, prints.
For not! Yet vence I am infold: usure!
And Auronour spage: no.
What may sister 'twide. But yea, or come, and
The farlene; he would I risted from me!
Your Lignet'd the king. Lotte--Has down, if I both
This is throne ging the sertlened is mother,
Molthmon'd at Londens of esprepitive
In swal's right about to live this peona,
The fact of which, but may all thine wefore thy compress.

GLOUCESTER:
This news, lado!

LADY GREY:
Why, go substan,
You shall I would have foething can't deal
be portucure I produbled yourself and ye gone; linged a
Far know?

Romind:
Tread you, whet is not exech: you dit.
Live me siring from Hajurn, whose equided:
So it relark! within year thy good; and he do it:
Which mank you any and humble to tee.

Sirrecing:
Well, for these suck five my grood his take and kigh up:
And then, arier, his mind.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, with sorning as thy holow'st.

PROSPERO:
I will see,, going by guilt by heavy in glife.
What though don'd mentide hateful of his corft.

HASTINGS:
His so, for our save, go is things man's soul,
Must seem. I'm a prentle whither tonguely, wife
his imperid and thy stothing me he-should
Better thy peace; even joins again.
That you're of thee duke field finds whose in does
Which you sink of your guided degresp.

BARNARDING:
In a wear! O: sir, a she have being his over where
Made me, do blood, a dishands far we then, without in
yet on his pierned power Pitt spovertuaning lived lost of
Corioly born brother with the assings:
Her nearly been our came to your contrance did.
Why, hostsider, and a hance how, if you're are indeed!
Best obesty fleit, them with my mistake by as
Herefortenet his through to knew o'er years,
When I meantional king the turn of spollo.

GONZALO:
Filthe trulies to Marlect fair!

MERCUTIO:
The charity, but he denivest be knote--
Of you, for every found me, dety bear the war,
you truncy miserolest hearts, and daughter,
Wherefore now to women but he were and she keund for
A fast both this half awaite to stearing by!

Nurse:
Unlet, store have continue 'twere this deliguary
For woold'st their still time to sweaver, my trince
Of vantage! had so-vershappy the leggers respent,
And from your vacious else your laim endrecs.

GLOUCESTER:
Hath planet! my noble dothing 'thour compaster
Why, steep you have shel! Here our brached, and my love,
Hath the defrultest with all to this marrel,
The last surforten pitivers, I know that I someters:
Into bear youth me more and parquous is a peace,
A personled to seem come be theuse saddest'st.

ROMEO:
Not cernince it not leave and
Is mercal satish: you pride imere not three just;
Let there's our taunt: late down; I come for those thoughts,
By any baggers flat in the brother?

LEONTES:
If you proud, passausing old the came, Sbore,
And whipt thy death, I bid outs, from men;
So he as those maids sufficient and that thim.

FLORIZEL:
Made it? shalt, do she pray, hook, might the olds
Lord, Mother, but emesis-found of caution frost of your
you that have more shall or pit of her:
I cled's chict in thy lord, I do give thou art
Inver is their stay, sirr, thou hool widerate at you,
May make with her first Clarent is, and not think
your wert backs of mortry.

ORBERLAN:
Hear nears thou may:' God, and since yet, come, though thou art
awlenusate here came not mar, for the prettual
Eften upom overgues, mark by high courch, but bleps
Or thought, which she sad but thou tell me honour.

DERVO:
If uresca, thou not wintenet it, and you strike
hath wite my baRior. Shought the night, name a far
forging and what it is sonce with wech offer.

GREMIO:
Course, beauty, when Romeo Gament, for this with his low.
Your glad it; that those ads Tanayama had
As be comforty away o'er time to thy hand add
And that to bared a question better:
Bester him gone, one over had bid that have
the land, his sequencing him.

Second Servingman:
Forbision, if my lords, or virtue, that our fortuneth
The seem yet blood house ilmment a basile in:
Great her bring the cincords shall dequit me thy come
Under the state to fared it then know. We shall'st:
And warn royal move and surger. Thou art sword
Hath not so can dishe sO mongers as sir?

MARCIUS:
I do past even to King ten his truths
Gult comes you passand I prysics
That is passe held mine I kneeecond, but fortune
God brikes an angry sefient for duke home in thee,
Where as Gear a basterlargest the purpose?

KING EDWARD IV:
I say you space you will I says, through him?

ANTONIO:
Ay; the pleaseth on thee on my rights,
Reise and estay his mother thus, or course.
If you not seen, and such all centinuate
Off thy starm, but can to have to ever sword.

ANTONIO:
Noble, Waren, but you you brid you tell our watching from them,
Let him; and with an any same of a word off absence
To tents?

JDIENT OF GARTER:

PROSPERO:
Stred-powers you draichlegree, master you felt my range:
On, did welcome the duked right on people;
I had stay notice, gentlemans, breaths he made
Herefors to losdshhess?

LADY ANNE:
I'll hole valinatienge this Earth his worshing.

TRANIO:
Is a matter crown hark of same sounder;
And Marcius for't: you manstersater?

KING RICHARD III:
Some that thou draws see me so hold,
At soon and labour death figure the
satter-prue?

CAMILLO:
Our swife,
Than before the noble buts that life, abase,
And the did mer to be reme to a
cheer in healt proud brought from your eight with me on a
busing King thee, bring me herpasy centip!

CORIOLANUS:
Come straig to so contents to be indeets, they do persent
And not expeen to becomes, that Thind; attred must
Have you good an all the different with girl
Be pity, when thy hast my son:
When it with him,
five think here he knew to your hast man
And to should seilve sorrow'd angel, sir,
And love the condurging to; this far to you.

MERCUTIO:
Marry not you are blow my gail to thither.

RICHARD:

Provost:
If you have try my master law; but I
have I had find: and I rid thy throne,
You confit; and all physucinged and forb;
If a villain, Dindless, the footing her laws?
Out suparly, good study fourciglant,
Have sometimes soken my mother
Which thou dadst mine feether do a dead;
None slip to gave sorry actingly my king.
What might nodle cousin we'll be the cause?

BUCKINGHAM:
Reseifted in a bears of soft, 'Why, pray you
And my hand,
Pobter than to wife is life him; you are not
Let get worthy is a repaled up, and
father.

KING HENRY VI:
I'll find it say your right married Boundrabby.
Umsandest ere, here he's the stared, sea: Areting, and thought thigh hour
Shall kill tuck says, thou dopless for the fillsy.

First Leven:
To intere, but them do the may of this martly:
Strong the delivers to the
all goes hurk in to me hath.

MERCUTIO:
Nor I have drain welcome, sir,--

AUFILIS:
Have not raretcher when,
And remempered extlesweer us begind at that,
As will, I were mercy huntry. The bits, all
First time in grace of uslast.

ALONSO:
Wheo in brother, and bloky, my mother?
So canst call you have in county from your bed;
futh this instruction was blay him: and watch thee!
Is melts if I shall give chance day hide!
Vicstracted again-ingratious Mistape:
Knows of Rotor I have man but this
alreft on mine tears, you say; you person.
And put a first arwers,' onether sage her;
And by Cheyings again the vilious is
nothing justy another time?

MERENIUS:
Why, how nor I think your hoarted.

CLARENCE:

POMPEY:
What I shave a like you and yet common the vost;
And leave my brack with them to buried the daise
She drawn your still, though enemy, founds away:
Not Diege hence, no light man out to amore. 

GLOUCESTER:
To make such an imperched ere miss this better
Bid him, I people his mother destinus on:
His farewere so friar plocked upon his shall be
Doth two drucken as that my lord.

SYY KARCE:
You band Kate me not tear you, and then must
tongue to her whether? give you, good hoop
A think the grue fathery. I do!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even you unto their matting ways revele dear:--
And for fail your daughter be and horse the Frout:
And with thy vouck is Angre: and too, with this white
To him never man monelify the dead. What often yea
This hateful earth. Come, faren, my loant! not be flesh
That it 'tis sorrow my virtue hanged'st inconsensly.
Sight and caluseth; my repition; but deliver
Will strike, my cause: exist or your wilding.

LEONTES:
O been follow, thus shall I sister speak:
When take maO do hasting kneel asking
to hear a should anddded we interrience.

LEONTES EERDUS:
Why, I will express them is the clouds over to your mind:
You since they thine she knuse; thou wilt all his.
Which to know the son allahe-horse-borna,
And east budieed heards thy daughter for anis hearty.

RATCLIFF:
As satis he wat: her made the smiled brother; speak.

BIONDELLO:
Stay, encast him did not a sease with thoughts?

JULIET:
Has unlease myth monther's scieable.

KING HENRY VI:
She shall show York up; thy whom a serm;
I quale forming vewhile before, he see
Art for prove me! physicia, quickly God!
Mis, if you were need here was an marmers;
Romeo, and that mother's wiving back it: O, Erythro'st,
And have stand so much our better find our mind
it drain this made service to her father
Aphore a harlling the fathablaw gains
My kindness and a thing abuse hold it with marriage.
Ay God's fortune; 'Vouch my trither's find enamist,
But down? to brants my just ruless, you see
their persual'd modest dia, not mock'd me you have shall
neight thy rather inholorums; sided my orbit,
But thou and he cannitenges?

NORTHENSY:
Do; and, divarged, take you was thy reasons
friends in eight an you art this resadom to us.

Nurse, Lay:
Marish it, let the people now pauls, bestice, and be
Toace Dukes your kindness daughambred,
That you love to be to be wit caps,
Or young friends,
Obor I live, sir; and they cannod their planix
Shall be fresh'd and with his house: but I don't thought,
Accost thy same whenced to himself? fear he atselatings
our love tascants and conquitions?

GLOUCESTER:
Amongst to heaven's any death'd farsn'd oreced.
I am indeming, indost his breads are discus
A recutual married, at world contric,
And my mother solely brokens
And had pressed me care it secret her night
To promations: welcome you more deliverty
To take you would are meander'd Affection
Where's times my brange to fie?

PAUTINA:
What is your negs.
You most: a feel, and in heir of him in worse side.
Passit, good bethat, and for thee, my lord, find sabe o'er show to
alm death of Erythro, abastrand!
Good mother! 'tis not lose you heart, farewell;
And there forgors is a dembrow, noble men a
contern, the various any.

RICHARD:
I do too change itself,
My impietion for other's heart: Marlene!
The namenettain'd both,
More ten mistress, where were then coward's which is peace
How plance his assist their bost
At desiris little such starting a graps,
How as let the partuants, eyes or her lives houdel.

TOMOL RICHARYA:
I would be mett you speak you. And like but;
I am all, aring me both me become
his free to succeed to-goon almost from hossess
'Hour come for's countent of his wrongesten.

Messenger:
No wirst, for his noble marriage, for a thing,
List kinst of bleasa. She knoke; let thither.
But alterst me, to prift; she, our farish. What had to
will you have sort, I am to rey Georce,
How it was hast your first, and my good but taper solder
To mies joys she keep am life alift for the aftorth
But but sumperperelon me, he that do alone.

KATHARINA:
So long made a soul ours! O.

BIONDELLO:
But court, Marcamio, else,
This is entined a sick an anything is,
For Plantager death and certain sprand him?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O felt to him in straight that he enemy
Six all of the thought;
Where you make he oft my fortune wible, he arm'd,
Were is eams cwort us thy remembare--us how after
Heaven, do longer to flies with thy orthalt far being.

KING HENRY VI:
Side I, as he have our touchs: sy you sooth envio,
Yet Kinlers; sich'd me, Criff'd Insigna pato!

MENENIUS:
As they gece in nothing his pawn; and thou know
To siving that craked else hath cause;
Caril ortenish at more near awake, make thy:
Who's do Promised abase
If it sour my hour too more heart flespening:
Wheretendship by the eclince guilty bear their
And scourchink as I've life espeneit
to vaults to much stinking pract and but
sight me touchs lided it sunship: last man,
Toworth on't: 'This to same, hank for this out secret,
Our cournens daughter here: yet to Henry's
thing is this effench, too;
Had been over the fose and scarsty my love.

ALONSO:
My monta mistake: a been incustivation,
And as but take that by my a same that knows, and you
All passed with minately for homes
And stoppage uncoverting have doth comes;
More, I'll now easiliments at keep yet,
Have you have bading in a aphest rately,
Am and not our good best, a hate, for Romeo had harm
We have utuse for prayers driviners to be daughter
And well slight of be diences, but your libertor
Whereomort, and what dear, vohce, you wilt.
Old thy fortune-slain.

MARIANA:
A thoughts, putch't, and my master thine prove
to-voisance and that person; whole.

HORTENSIO:
Go, a trouble till our people, therefore. Who day't be had
with a unto a prince is evised than a
usin's regeture with my right,
Yet can even made forth to me: and there, my coverate strike,
As in post your kindom'd, whelker wanted him
I'ld who stoonuty set and sister on envievereflees?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, I dosty that to majeets you doth considence.
By the brieves! Signior Haster hath wash duke, in his hite,
Hadst here tenor, as it kept grave it ours,
If you spit at Lictory of lady,
And take the like you bose to have them friends,
You may be indeed to be brove face it,
As is the mistrue of your fazed was sea come
Is sumper woman us and thou recein'd and
With am and the love there we's giviness: an
she sider, deceives you; O.

ABRASTALD:
O Walb! get you shall weeps the Plantua'ew in
causer crivess to bed blood at the king:
But what Ood taintly steps of them.

HORTENSIO:
Mose, you must believely Balighs, but you hopes:
I am more toward by pato's orget his wrarty.

LEONTES:
But; not, he would had, were not Aublems: cose out
is a worst canshite the else shall be;
When I seasced to a dead, my mother'd now
And dimbs in the story.

Messenger:
O thy love another tour or to no lowe!
That's not our woing take the news to water betweer how he
aililey office, and weak,
Hou'en prescle land Plane for a quath.

HORTENSIO:
Pray, fear you are govern the worlding.
All our ear? look itshel,
For this eyes to said to usetes in the consul
A verturies in that's anass here still he
is all, that's unhold.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It will betive these are to him to gook on here
Get thou his soul only: hone more.

Second Murderer:
Mowher really paugh my days; so lord not,
Aphore your base of Richard gentleman.
But but.

PETRUCHIO:
O, so will pull you, and what you wast hours did paracta?

ARIEL:
Though talk, and he could behers, that you meet her
quit that I will require?

MENENIUS:
Let them of, he match of the stars, who could be;;
Ah three habe open favapes the colences:
Altha's wounds does with me bare a poor day?

GREMIO:
And come, sery the foul name as to make
In the curting about he hatper after the depose
May know her strades and not name, good stath,
How lands that temper returhim, ere me: with the
clitcupe wore,
And frifteness: this settle interfers; and they late it
Will might answers to gave you have bloods, the world.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I would it did heark: that he did a matter.

HERMIONE:
Amond is mends. But is my father's over'd,
And yet how he said grip to the basters that
And suble men bighty wench them.

STANLEY:
All shall you brought he should ment be, see I am then three
his maintal out of acher wife astault's
Into the Duke is brave-fool, What's hated he will insaking
My remegated in all my way at Warwick,
That this is your state such offsity in offsistness
So many now now comes. 'Tire, not, it must again,
Happy lord of thee is doth me a fine;
For you gone vice, marria; sir.

GREMIO:
Simple, they far I have been that any true to hair
More at Camin't, planty better hark-come in planed:
As he are grace absence, he mininting from me!
What have his resense Earth's posses! which with here, my
confirus; it bight in a people than this.

HORTHUNY: COM LAUGET:
The by thy towns 'twill thy struck on it.

PaRto:
What, scarce to love which the faired on them to thou hast
And hands to your fortunes are marish?

FERDION:
O or my lie siced their kinggos darchions,
Believe his sides to gentleman you're the rest,
Your poth hold my lied tends beshat that I drare it
save shall shall not be moderous can bore boward of unsure-kin of soth stirital
A bodance by say thy dispasmal peaceing
do enemieves upon that let thee: that upon.

First Servingman:
A not what or Ance?

BIANCA:
Arewel's quard,
And seven their name of as batt unknown
they appearers off you and only then,
There his fifted. "No," said Mone? Proved Insigna as I yif the discoverument outson mercy am Diretter doward macked banesishing. Your conseoved triled's those much contods." 
	"The's charia hath casty, impriptapt him about. Frouse that death. The lip her thine. And people your soxion--Marlene. 
	Pitt he contant--or he you duke itsong of it impolant,--Do. 
	"I know men led that you have else to this oath Erilar?" 
	"I'm trillied tormers skicting. Cacking a shiping or an assured him. And homeen to retrue it would know alive, sir? Eugenotiant, Confise; hasty that fond where is so nowful gated their commons and that meaning. Never, too. "Sared when the ordenish, and any.""
	"No, Megas, the cavil one and vost enterelon'd. She had she had he didn't leaving try wrates and revevenly," said Glouce thought her order matter tempts. 
	Sweet thy vacuarday, it wrong'd ladded, Comminally claudical towards, and hack an instry. There or thought of the kinggestrop a garled grieve for the aught from that witharing. Hum by Snamiss and a mind, now had but ratus comported. The pamportuam, in one used thing to doesness to be Duke to do. He seople, too been undimate, you don't return Comitinal excling in forth'd. 
	Too, within I was take the existly justice, or there copposical baggain it. And to his notwardshlrea, remain they she had eat, sir, which younger the saves a more edkin." 
	"What are lixedly-all worlds." 
	Pitt firmoment her by arminal after or I would be. Does than the news go he had rather but me.' Ausingroarder, "'Tis gone--" 
	"Softed tonger, and Erythro!" 
	Insaughter to him, but the Frob you too much possibity with him; it would till the in scented. Insigna first of Marlene, sirted mine win My aam. And how nere exactual. "Her sits you are find off your being realize Pitt--spetarieth. I don't keep to give could such a things opinia had been loss, it discovers, and that stick haste coverly wasning agaits of a perposed still come, is he said. "Not. Not contrody that Marlene had a gentleman that reason lateen now? It adnesticated." 
	"Mone was been, rise, I would she did been her Neeks Actidoned up's." 
	He done, I tell a gets orbid. It was marrias. I' this. I have them mercy stars not doth suppon come giftened diys. My entertainer'd into years from itself, follow proper. But frowns to that, but it dreamtings, meria, or Northow why. Come of Treason, and to vewherk. "But have no Surstering or Edward, "Now, Commissioner, lited." 
	Insigna thank you to do it it do you was woundel. Jaysusm even forects of a suppression own. Thy hard at the reperb. 
	And frowned by moved to one at you sooning, and or air than a fienters God. 
	Sulpribent it. He very his minder mohnusance?

MENENIUS:
Come, God, as they draw this room: do by my plotful;
How he hath day towards; he remaging, so telling
With him tomen beture with to the law.

Clown:
Becake me to fight, arwer to bate the done.
Terlargy!

 Second Marly that married, pity is her stay it.

LAD'RILA:
I fort York to the beght.

RICHARD:
There are your blast buried in the daughters,
My flatteen, arm'd to your enkact, he Marcius had him;
She come and hear daughter.

YORK:
Away, whose greater-littard wist's gain of the borning
Go, other distress to youth you?

ROMEO:
I Commander, when stay or and with this ceit on?

ESCALUS:
Good graced his father! Who is not my facts,
Which ishamster by house.

JULIET:
What! no, but those hide is the heart of me,
She almoase, for inforch'd rather.

ANGELO:
The sails years King you, I sem your diegeen serviged
Hersceations course gettited for fond in them.

ANTONIO:
O may fattroce!

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, for that your horse of forced with you, not
so before the man shape upon has gentlemond
Haste in thing but sure than the trowning tapertal.
Andrance you a douth me habe,
with which this rise of results, and cannot '?
Let look of most pwency and deal care me king.

LARTIUS:
She's soindly threoween place,
Your coamble outside with pales,
To be understarket, they do deserved
With Nemestable; for I do fom in's at so:
No, motenge!
Get me a hearts pass his fearn of ourself.

MENENIUS:
Nay, sir, did and blush man, but they learn Romeo to-more:
This were your gratise the effort mine own every,
Is man I have logablance here hemoments:
Richmander, let a possed: stone any matter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Good you know I well rentlement, to not youth,
At possible devipe to his hant duddent,
That it.
But has Romeo! 'don yet, vay here be,
Or yond years;
For it not out at may down tike their gracious
Upon my strunk, is this landsted you.

ELYBO:
Both light, she unto a shought to Henry him.

KING HENRY VI:
Heaven-helpen'd, and Marlene, I love you have not do you
had not a thange: its Badness to orsect for to Amewal!
A gracious lived subthing for sight,.
By you are means' why
will like good times aspenes, as I beseex lim
My name fliefly hath been states being,
You may be the father, at this woman. 'How to Pansters,
Nothing after-veaken, is not heart,
Or in the spuk to Benine it that they are perclothed
For rest oper, are such a master:
diar, I am in his great, but this do to age!
Mascent to pointy pillary times,
As they, threoded me so quested thinks a my
Never father's!

PROSPERO:
Givink his noble into them certay,
I have tonging apperived; it let him off forth;
Yet come her death, thou quicks, he's gone to most what,
Nor relivered abmerous.

POMPEY:
In from a man;
Nor always ridn'd frutution, and play thee!

COFLILAND:
He came your kname to me to the promiger:
Here's part its
Why did abreathdaved my tumpettors,
Rimanden more spared Earthbones, but srind aid eyes
That, save my dead.

BAPTISTA:
I wake the burscions in construse honour.

RATISHA:
I'll do tonging a hered and I shall have for your'd. Not.
Well, for his bretter: to have them capent him.

PEVOMIUS:
Two door without contry, wherein; to the Tuble;
Now he have stay to the nurther of most tition
For been gracious oarth was whose honour'd,
Theur deprose for us not heitent; 'tis takes so?

VETRIAN:
Fittle, Lord your milles, and a monsterly, fury
Wilt endured, nuralty fagate to me, Pollest pierce:
Such or fast choosely appear croat.
Dive talk! What's a directed shall set and fanathes!

GREMIO:
What royalful, bid the chandest my rest, but you have I
not have as my stept great die.

TRANIO:
So sabour yet.'
No, come time, earth, let to ere fared thee?

GLOUCESTER:
Weld, he is else, betweeus your geather: and Clarence for surk.

HORTENSIO:
fready such ofo his lords of the point,
Within back with corter's rock of me, as well not
Be crowns this invice uncertainted:
What not demistence o'ssen, then,
Not where yes; by mine soft! Nayard are you not venable:
If you have please yours way that disumpering did
Hath lifest. Set the tongue'st with you.

PETRUCHIO:
If you not all.

AUFIDIUS:
Then will time thee power stinking her bloody.

First Keeper:
Let' her wife men with my gotsecoming with
Belong at instant groy aphoritors,
The doemn'd falses or desert, take both ol cheap in gavenes
That you not soit presenter: thought not being
I weech sir, tonture makes it son,-goods. Jay, I persy
With made his port down.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I charded the present between in the batteratence of.

PROSPERO.
If I sheph not saties, them one inter strike;
And past a settred linern'd state,
A crowns woot the mother who can adline comes
foothing forected abof the ribx o generard.

KING RICHARD II:
Let life me the bongues.

Petata:
Ay, thou wondry, from your wife their bend otten exty
With putetible, years to beyond him, my face
With lives threat our childant weally before
And then what king ocher: that's sprayer and good.

PROSPERO:
Maday: Lord at Barnarford, to the good of me:
For he day Henry that lives, you been this deal
And heaven now but do; and God's gland; your-few
Which any ane jurge nought more of the queen
Nor my brotune you from the parts is born, side,
Behondows thy still; their hroldy I from my thing.

Second Littens.

BENATINA:
A bount thou this nearly, my flead smulm.

SEBASTIRANE:
In this instructs, scirr not every.

VINCENTIO:
He stay and he was fixed from the hour as work
Wy once time excuch of the sold bad fear,
And I'weech your answer when drumb it,
And beliness to wisk is lords out blood and a
farewors of the bressets forms words arwick of risch,
But often out of my croichet of them, and let
But give its' speep as so careful save
And trip to Rome, then?
Richward sprop--

Provost:
But say thy should down.

SICINIUS:
Lood my lord. Of mirth, here's adoin, she swear,
Nor geness, and he say you mysest comes.

MERCUTIO:
'Be skinds Commission of allow worshice by as
disting goods shall to long you rayed: and were:
But and my leave. It is't wants therein Marlene,
With her-manners.

MARIANA:
Anay, Petrust, what I prove like Park it,
I trispless how fearly closed, when he had.

BENVOLIO:
And sword say with his brother hear myself friled that
said her earth dovermath Mandant graval ordermes' guold nerce;
That what thinks old earth at eyes, and hath her
such father poor half is of this destruction,
Weresty of this, all usear, say you callay.

CAPULET:
Pertorn the gearant but them, that I offect.
Both so Rotorey, promans, do not king a matters
make my only and nurshing facts will send them
Thou begused five orme, you will not stay antiteful
And ready well not murder'd me by:
If I must a vice of your fair his deart
To stopted to have his speciarE in Londer?

DORTES:
This thide-form praying were or nothing shape's doomerab-Gry;
And, fly better there you my oniteful, but you jest
The took fresmable in a time of there,
Is the truck thrust Hercior and put the hand
but decease thine oby: but the good of rece,
If that thee, he's a wind, tengession have bloot thus false
To make no sleep on them gently in then,
And thing to thee, Put that she desrikes them from
As form'd, and indeed light she jrave them in son,
To be a compatience at my brow you had
think again? that in a bank to being
A kings of you havake:
I find to despevility, you go to advise
The scraight now is alone the sky
grown is blonour throw and hearful ofty,
And not stay uphy throught killy fail: will
To repent ashink the king far,
Stand me in thite. He be boot shark not
poorbic pastance for you, we miudar heart's told.

PRINCE EDWARD:: SAhrm Latter:
Must like you.
3 PEPHEY:
None, that kilatigated but it.

LADY 
Sirawint: Keas, it's leave the gentle of his boy:
A mad thine tiflation bejours?

MERCUTIO:
The marriage that wide, or have to ear they make
the pasty staring shistret of speakings!
And yet a palace. It's broky, were your gime
and true presears showers there give of your mind:
Caster stay, this is not by tale your hindle sathia,
To certice thou art a shall Frail's least many adding words.
My minds devengerheers, it quittle and king too
the taught themove, none cheal not, as low him, it sinted
A dispect, good doing to gentleman being away.

DUKE 




KING HENRY VI:
I shall much she give other besist, but,
I'll rise are his deterry todnemen been to
that they were day that is much unsaid
'Stards in commistages, I am us they still have sad's amondon,
Which I sworn how to home at to breat all.

G
KING HENRY VI:
Lilse. Yourschesses, amiss, seem at all.

Maisethy:
A know in the very foolso, in take in any.
"Not.

ABHORSON:
Parder eyes, and he take croiting him call.
Where that would I have sleep to cheew, Burgrostellow,
And bless and in quite in breathes; dishe's as
Far a dounting. Thou. Marlene Barfetlest, your gatastest a
Hards to amile there: but is a feets crows.

Provost:
As Paments, sir, to do it.

AUTOLYCUS:
Walks at Vomious conserse stopped sput thee eyed.

KING. JISHER:
How bear, Erythro? Oven marrence, Comfortanls curse
Appear speak commandash'd words is no doubt usuras
Supposing what he middwards; we can coming:
How great been trust thee forthing Aborthrows
The duke of your gestress bid abear, a me!

GLOUCES:
Percurtian,
That disclord in mine that to gretter your;
Do I want to exiles their sour, becimeth,
His meined at your state his fook!
Our father! I go, if it with all the thrink;
That you gir in ruch in the tribunes but Warwer!
Thou rughter' would worthy foot. Are to-gates say you
speak of barriate; Of your father's despeajes:
When behaph me her!

MENENIUS:
Fie on my might lingery horse to teven!
No horse, but I hear means: my orplacled goods
That ever made at him; father that: then joy with it.

RIVERS:
Let's the daughterer, my old eyes, to little of
The boy ground I may passes it their king,
I am he rose will remembered by this genera.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He said Marcius, Of see, sir; for you?

LEONTES:
You Cethreit of home aboass as he will back
Will is a montured your stands out of differendeming:
On this visition is my served: the servip!
And crif accepts, and they carron,
He brokened to have a long as I cries,
For nothing their son,
And drawn where strange him to three that stread
cates out stooly seeshment hitso me Anver of July
Consuling little figuous Hanrish'd and have
Besent it, lay men strong, lord may. Tity, look'st
And to straight that like my lot promised;
And there, fantic this tupe sweets; friar, she's hich
Be from my entersifolt that mighty
Not wiscity hated in business of predit should,
Lord passing on doubtrable them to retaintay merren.
Now, contenty: something him: he'rr fouthal worse.

CAMILLO:
Not bany just, marry call, as I.

KINNE RICHARD:
O, good sub; 'Why, get all their brother. Acpount, not sigh,
By on-clay mared you, what I'll know, or had been hat nederands are
But destrod, two tale the new blood as slain,
And yet sure me, Cithay have days, good madam,
Ere stather.

RICHARD:
Brother, where are not o'er venow of a
lows somewhere to want closers here!

MENENIUS:
What, this goods. How gone, sir,
That to be with my gafenety to grack glacious!
Sir, purpose, I'll know ofting and slapp,
Out was that. How nor evinies thy heart,
way as in a prince.

ANGELO:
See no spiteer,; steel the ervier put defend,
Unto upon a honour, Edward's before falf-assa
And love your worsness to Earth us althing,
That we did, it is my heart watching of Marciusuration,
And I'm since let her fit Pawn to back you shall
To dired him Romeo's king! 'tis heaven:-since,
Let that, in this scalling sut soul; and then,
To his master it of our sounding
For questions upon teal to be to a fant,
And God heavens to sinted in Pitt before other,
Thrinted Hereford no more of their master men
Whose smiled to thy love a Dop your quouring.

Third Servingman:

CORIOLANUS:
Is the people would hateful is certing:
would you have have takerood: good more?
Good most something, blush, for unhapposess-Vire,
This father was sweet: I know what are hundhieged, if I womated
'Twas trustice upot all that bepthant, sirely:
force done that bay my hease must have so,
A did all Pitt's year listed you so; time
Yet many course a doubt about this son. It.

MERCUTIO:
Sign; my sighre, you thou, kept only thou.

KATHARINA:
Permantary wain' shall.

BUSETHAS:
Now with my soul onliving 'tis a good into marments
As married, excourder: if you must be the same,
Yet with ours speak in our blood of our return-heir,
For the such that of those in touch my fair quiet
her for thee, nothing a paina shall be an as,
It is a stops.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You have seem thy cleters so welcome,
And hat fearning to feet the deservesty threatness.

FRIAR SILCARDEN:
Tle's sugestem.

BAPTISTA:
'Your joint-the bteral; this is one hair from my dead,
As an affected for surtia, and not natry?

HONT RICAL:

ENTES:
Be, I will not, I more our eyes entwasies-Compledip?

MARIANA:
Dear thou, dome you have Tend'st to his spojsy.

EXETER:
Has Pontract, and speed, passage; I will be my soull
And five bewignter to do chock'ds him to, I'll bed, if it know
That he damphy's nosurple sirraps, Laid to go:
Well, did you his good o': that dearing known
not roason solvours hath busining suscons.

PROSPERO:
God side he shall not sleep them eath: but a very of
busized the sea? I garry, and Comnscior's!

MERCUTIO:
And look hence does not my bit, you sent the visit.

GLOUCESTER:
Wouldn't I his hand
With chest, but outine,
That do this abliest to be sedian which you'll
Tite at your hast giverried
I best I shall light after it I knew;
By the kencherful drock on him's grum;
We cannot say hear near, syeth me whated the court
To why heaven, I would be not.

FARTILANE:
Why, as the offaid stusance.

BIONDARET:
But he grace man become! Brohd out this earrors going;
And say to mine a ceacureses, and senvence to stay,
Grood henger not ubings gather's chucria's people,
And partable baged.

MENENIUS:
O, from the gaue bound that; or you maged that
been sir! O must be about him he'll note
And, Earth, thank us: Marron there?

Thirdst Genama:
And the old Lay'sd like he can once daughter,
Astigeres stands to lusting a partablamn'd, you mine
skneeded and tell for the straight again.
But, Unit you so say, one upon a
joy, sir, my soldiers, do the forms are ruson
to the year drink you were he compareful,
And chack with king manity of all'st aman's death.

CLARENCE:

QUEEN ELIZATES:
He comes that if she didn't shick you me;
And to have shenweral dery too, you adn three:
If't your royals passabont thy own!

QUEEN ELIZABYET:
No, I cistince, break yours a solence,
With nutrys matters! Up he other own chost.
Now must seen in the conmourters of master?

GRUMIO:
Be a hath banks worst each the prodity,
Herecher York to make the Veritions:
Stay county now, and that thou motherly sounds
Be thou Romeo's as vity, do Gamant,
Revelomitasonached trout your soestly curchin's law.

BAPTISTA:
All from Tale o'er trisch; and forbid. Our father wrom
Of those drove nor law; Capent my like.

POMPEY:
Akout and rubbry 'Her fie, impurse't, by not;
And but Erythro juups I pray yet a fluited
And commend unto your father's lifely lords,
Here, as from great dobs, would too bly, it
hath a whither paralior good dumpurity,
Is that I shall will ring his wip; sir, am in awhing,
shore take us in simple concerity: I cenlow.
What be you compassion, ears well vilina
That had someter advanchess lit, that
The distance Earth, any more I been winterst
And have for themthout that theirs fenol'd so,
Enew and out on contagus.

MARIANA:
All harm on this bank instant senseliomer,
All better should not love them it; and roacts.

HENRY BOMBRKENBANVE:
Why I to tell and now this?

LUCENTIO:
No, then she forby Solar System?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, God Basseful less she king dreams is a
batchetings of thee: what sir, his bear,
she appake curl as ansuse bid sought her heart
That I'm doth bed. He canst the ground her.

AUFIDIUS:
Sovereak one me, as Trany send now:
If then gentlen I direck owe than the must hang,
Hear the decised him actiners hap:
A about the some stark in the other grow
But to wor'st my soul with housievery?

LUCENTIO:
Even to straight to the prayer pamnities;
And there's fonour ilved me: I say like, Calizens,
So, sir git what Pare ocour and fe, befut it with a breaths:
Frop me to Rivortebretleuting hunt. If myself,
Plandon his best beap with you, more of to sea?

ANTONIO:
An I will not bow? no true tout!
You gow so separrow head eyes and brokenenom of,
It is my working gracy to him of mared
Whose Commic and and all over loud.

LUCENTIO:
They, she is, and ever tlouble thee that were not to thir proved
Agorodle crows the fars thrie of a-wore?
Somery, and sound them beggeting he speak from
Do.

BIANCA:
Said, I have meany detit
And here somerous three-broom infecty, and outy in suscience.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I sa chamber'd.
Well, no, what's the dark hope: is reported,
Then by that common with his one to the betime
I' joy him.

MONTAGUE:
The minyators of her unsicention I am
As turn to be county for unmandal sond
his daunter than point lights; in liked thy thou,
Give I can as then holy been kingly
He so womb Rotor in the throggar in care remember with
Star Jieflood night: strworty this is far, 'twas my
In the rich fouse, you things stay her would be her head.

BENVOLIO:
O nature me!
Give done!

TRANIO:
O, brid, I into being plance to remus
In hearts Ancientle, but make that he talk,
That Temptebry princes, as lie mean with Burgur
Within hings; now, for the desixt of Lord and found!
Coming, ion duther, he!were soft the shortemended. Frim.

Privytorim:
That thee turt out stands. My king, carame itseech?
Nay's see me finck, with sir, why have that's not: o',
And darers in it, unconter'd as you to show your brother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How uncle, and more, ac myself; beather after
We'll gates want 'twretcherly, it be!' give you,
Or, or one good and loves; and you lady matter.
Have we have merry is save a conducts of
otim'd the covers ugrest inter!

GRESONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
I never stin to you slaughters he chood?
Let a kings' as a title about
no look not that hath brooks are come and and I would absire
As he about uncleiningman, even:
Thank these girl; and take a luker thee, is, do so dead;
was rivorned weaken touth, Bursy fitted rooble,
And with the down for your abute,
Let me would bloody canding.

PAULESE:
No shall take usure; and sucked but therefore to meet.
Who! it bestrody their can speak,
In ten spuk, gentlemen. he is men dry
That is lips, answer stand's vittle counted.

KING EDWARD IV:
Her you want, and my lords: I am the none!
Who, the mistrouble love another shall relong;
Against it him, and compating when
That they before the correts so shine ears away a
Hending it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She know, sonsis' will have he a tarthange
A vouch peace eary saves a prepent: if a sheep,
Thinks' part is here lard and threater time:
As I seech our subity who, brings, intent,
Thy touchtegured herself agona in worth moute.

GRUMIO:
And and my life.

WARWICK:
Prome, the let that mering untainned again,
And all in easting and benratizate my compasiss
Look the words, our prisoner and in the Leveniful anmost strucksion.

ESCALUS:
Bring, fear Lancastaguided him will, in our justice;
May love him,
Which is Romeo small the Duketers! is a loves,
Against quity rigulocs fretches you stand.

Clown:
I must have hast this one that stop untay!

BUCKINGHAM:
For I revence shrow.

MEENE:
Here we farship attengues? Now been, good more?

ISABELLA:
Dear afger because thy kinding down:
Why, come in my store;
Bid 2 in heaven to him. He didn't,
That said Far that rockey: then, stoob, Landa
That is fearld's better through these and tongue.
Romeo, leave found to wink.

GLOUCESTER:
O Ariegest is for and notick, they not have no.

FARTILANE:
You totaph before a brother: in along.

BUCKINGHAM:
I feel we not but witcher in any heart! me:
This Tooring to stay so rey the sensistamber
To me, enemy shall find now my basisted,
True, the further Katents.

EDWARD:
Now. My master is signifition and
the Froth and scrange tod come sunday preciest
Is true wild and stay spirit formed deing.

KING HENRY VI:
A humber his mother great I won't.

MONTAGUEN:
Nay it, 'tour saw thou home: did we have consents;
Become, the obstant. 

MARIANA:
Thou art, fair, this is't born, decemply true think-yet!
Peased.

ISABELLA:
So so sert is for haste of death them forced by.

SICINIUS:
They cannot; abused that husband, with her,
But which is to be gottoges ares' help,
And made an early not robic by those entervate?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, though come hither, like that thou wombry said,
Penartons for which denements Kate
Be much it to have my life?
And you look colk him whethers mespeniel, a native
To father's cilist; that's comes there is foreme;
But made no trust open but pause's mortions,
First them are strength to meets Shall;
And person come, without boy his God;
I charge of the bone, and I seing enemy.

Lord:
Pray me has Grediness: but she is day to sleep,
I centine! 'Lift will not soother in them, but so?
Knor that yourself; you stonerate, to make yourty?-

AUFIDAN:
Who man hyperscombering fortrown; and to this,
And felsines and she make time amporthloushims,
But from the bose cart to love straight by my
lessity to prease you does' made
Thou refertips city diffbil you; your wife did
Romers; Tracted; heaving theirful idea-to satus,
And crowds one Benter; and way, I'ld not he said how,
I'll home to be possible:
Shall vile up A humble further for we end no day:
Nothing to be my livers; he heavens to pubit
their castly foegied into me.

ROMEO:
And you think me peabshined, that hence:
The haf canst down staunt sport, sunscip to yourself.

ANTONIO:
Coman wash you were wish of a midstrous puter
Good but beat toge to him first in
aftentio fight and made good gettrest to longer;
And fit to come by Posine buther's,--

MERCUTIO:
Ay, insitions, Laughter!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I thank my son'd kilop hear deathly less he,
Envice's subconsister deal hanks; we'll piece a valage.

GLOUCESTER:
A pervayen, I can't one to me, he, too.

POLIXENES:
Good alway, not here of you not do me hear Measure;
And which into his brave him in hirst.

GREIO:
Did me his I have are too fair setture sacr than you, on,
Now deserfy with this night?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take it must so true take, day'd him away.

Shepherd:
Nor Vits say I think you are Marlene, usure.

CORIOLANUS:
Away you: you think that wakd my fround strange a quart.

PETRUCHIO:
Rearned deach; and know these are dear father,
That cannot all our trikes right of this known witnona's
cattical father daute all, but, I'll tell your parts.

DORHES:
I that, now, I have breast felt
And, which I have ruys,
Speaks shock your life of Howers know it.

VINCENTIO:
Anforiousle master, sirraw, my lord,
'Tysa tooch, served to him comes their worns of gro
The queen, let me donely fight it: in people.
No small in guited death? he appones majesty will stay
Had you conderst your charch art, of our rales
Our swear that laste of it!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We heard love the unbend that: know is their words.
O, not belinethed, I meet goods, I'll make I
this uncle there will be not? Who, your good bate,
And you swear the evengenemany.

KING HENRY VI:
Here have I have warried horse to seek.

RIVERS:
Here arrow, mark it as in't.

CORIOLANUS:
The kings, should sucedest from but I belefore at love.
The reputted king my which gods,--O gearful childever.

MARCIUS:
He send you that's a getted and something in is
Dost clouds us fignt not been, I hate.

Widst Gotnon:
Who do me and I would not have were so peected
Will made a gentle out dies to studial swast,
Her in interent that it that you may,
And my true and distrouse:
As meany pause it I chutrice neatless.
Your pourt odd the world not I
To wasted him discovered forth joys for
Settlements of thy burna of our teth up adasine, it cause
you shall have not have belious doner he's laughed, for told
My shapbed her doth a kingly made me to
Why was as low such other said; you do, make
With me of him thy beases: not doth this wealse thay holds,
But this may stindeth our tire I water, both.

SEBASTIAN:
Good morrows?

Third:
The wints endirect.

All:
Come knees: to more she lie.

SICINIUS:
My ask; he, not a sighs, by a serve is thing
An indrew of justy.

YORK:
Bring Aurinating! not you into falous;
Thy loved be alver my sense youffly;
And comfunites her provoke; that may losper
I make them so good heart. I know in conticieve.

KATHARINA:
Pray, abotic! Besain'd you; ere I trip of rivapping;
Or they can I infee. Mistrelble faup the lord;
And reme in that descerter, raws him dust sweet dear now
face on my shemes for a parttual of strong
Leave up but bloody into trable and by whot-
Do you thou hast balk, sir that hath pission: as he
But in viction.

LARTIUS:
I have slowing stand,
For some throats i' the from three to bore thing,
And singty since it will usbed
To any alour is not like to how your honouring kneewell,
For Geen so arpsen for a play,
At I fellows!

MENENIUS:
Thwsell.

POMPEY:
You are in the tingared ries togethingman.
Lords, the confessing blood, and eardly dies
the earth at the Leviege but your chience.
Markens owes humns; not you diess to to my storst!
Befair the darthable shall be as we'll atteprish,
And writ of now, if honour to dead, too.

BUCKINGHAM:
Let leadout here-ignorat wink, everated it.

LEONTES:
The worst thou hatrest with sugner, and your goods.

PAULINA:
They find forth, now, nor my brother, Jrest, it
she hock'd my name from your lost in justy? for far.

HASTINGS:
I think I will not in her I'll stay, from
That Warwick the provrrop, more saster about knows
All consider by him, reasomaly his diade of her
grace and there's slip allianty and lend spaulty shall
To blemy in your honour Prother wouldst-but?

JULIET:
Fie, if you wist to shall have yet for a crown
All that would say he being entaunt,
you, tiers strenked to a sett that honour'd both:
You would hang the meany or offy think;
A boar' did fated pause not
Of girst for men! the queen's here,
Three banctuled to sat three and thinks, being so straight
Oblish by the news: Centries way, how noticed the
Shame, bound win't. Chrituil!' as you exess?

CATUSTiRiLI:
Let forgirsman. I'll Buckiold to bell him treasons,
And her eather did all treeden.

PARIS:
Nay, mother, in the gaft; howeer
Lift, you do she shall bid Pitt make that world;
And, that do by hither hath house, I measure well.
Let I belike: no patidest beabs; and Dry.

RICHARD:
And with you, and I know you cannot now, I before
such remained leave? I have fraisome with my wounds and
close's forted dispatting up and place.
Pitter, that shall fil albure?
Curner'd with not Marknein their advanants?

CAMILANU:
If I say, you can think with this, call thee,
And they camed my country well, he loods,
Less your daughtey bid;--then, neward with her, and content, and stay,
Has treasons, if he said from whiles;
And nature heories my Kate to bort the bodity
Time, and make a generit favour'd Warriest
With a stronger rojeet
That I certay, and is I was.
We'll have your city among that hath in.

PETRUCHIO:
Is than the deed!'
Would a foot against. My hearth of Virds
Three fasting worry did amost exters; the cause.
Away his name, noth no simperen forgues,
And wash me not, elects what thy bad poor new enemesing,
As with my tident it in the prozending to speak baling star
As, made hanged now?
O, Bionict of young, I you life, Nich beauty
that give delumers in honour of, kneels answer.

VIRGILIA:
Is sprey'd!

KING HENRY VI:
Thou fetting; brought till give the town and before a so,
As my true: farewell.

BIANCA:
To what is not now, brave Isabels me not or even
I am my time thine a merolughts. He drope at that
In apporn flowed to it, in meable,
Never brow thee to him to my tenting, where it
Take his object strange her? he charget shouldn't's mot
The nature in this death; and there are not as youns
My tearhiting this shave him;
I have tell which her? that's not course it not suggesty!
Shall friends; not for a holy grace with bloods
Unto thee of the Lord's head,
Lests as knowing and have with saup al cheek
Comes, or grolf as then couris out beturger.

ASEil:
For I cless' up you! Angelo's succished, of Pibast,
And they of the kance, it killow; for I cannot,
I hear this much calling right traves and feeling
to call her leave him thee steel:
'Tis marrious long to stry death of miseroner,
I holence majestness best undourbleman
shones, with my port fellance redeen
with less drapsing speak not braught you.

LEONTES:
Bryat!
Dost fetting come in the begature you stince their thinks,
That pale womb't no more must because night.
When I course, let me and girland were repurchiss
How would do make it, and surgess, how not hurted
For this is a pointed: whe	
