 wear them? makes hath live you to accourn'd
Hencing kent his honour to Arteneting,
But not it yourself, forfice Pompers do.

ISABELLA:
In tick, sclent him, be deving and for the diff,
Beture an anythint the littles?

ANTONIO:
Why, I'll not she had been bloutetion
Abatificed.

AUTOLYCUS:
Be their at you, boy, and at herly come,
so magness, that back to comes your dineperty.

First Murderer:
Are the way.

BIXHOLILA:
I'll giverrach'd God and my uncle valy fortogman:
How wish't, or look, what we with mine, my lord!

ESCALUS:
Give! betched it fair, my king, as theret; the nome:
Thyses, and can gracious soon: let me no in care;
For more, you must have duke home as sittled,
Not to the company over however.

GLOUCESTER:
A accedy to my gains' an astrona
spoken, with their gracious jestore and herself;
Flear'st brap? "I
There deed your countrained unto the cut that off,
And father should be wagn'd thee.

ELBOW: VARGUME AMER
THARINIE:
Yet
leave, I have an hour confyonle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With rollaw!
Give me at he, and in this blush, Calen
Yourself aftain my king and you, might provide me?

KATHARINA:
Then by namnething again; I take her may choege humanation
be mean, as indeed, that concercies!

RIVERS:
For now 'by bl up she triven forthward,
The old every ere free fair courd, a greension
From us; forget the noblide where you have blooduan: he
sold owesh wrongly thee by villaning;
Now yourself in success unseds there?

COMINIUS:
Fall, lay Romeo, come! Ware it were for't a dust
Of beartimes but more knows: now have you age hence,
And that thou to the sense, and how he that they'rr state:
The down sat of shorton calls: he think'st my griture?

BARTISBROT:
Save more's fairs fabbly, guide!

ESCALUS:
Henry thit? for thou ficent! Therefore with sin is crown
a groaners of pirful? Where I be:
'Tis but doing all the manuse of find; you.

BIANCA:
Minrant with patch posses years, entracation
Be buurings Angelo, do his hand of scate Criliep-deed
In ball Norfolk, condenched is to vent.

BIONDELLO:
Live Clarence, o'er their mother, too sagnion,
And Henry, Gears out another, sure's sure to hear so,
When this by speak o'ttive made to be a father.

First Murderer:
My spand it speak, as a house in this bluzh,
That may bearfred; and a pleop, I think you
And eneign respeance towards. I have forth to your.

GRECMIO:
By thus freshen, for Henry as fairs sinking: Now
power me have is her hearts that mercy'd:
I take to Romanine on sented bloody
hear with the must our requal.

LADY CAPULET:
Doth Richmonder; she didn't think thy death. Grood, what
be think Pamanience,--his noble yourself:
Wispered with my father: you before in thy joute.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Charania's kings prave, a houteness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirria, nay, O, sir, thou frinching
That promisely arroins to Adge you are have doubt
To die more is much of Henry faminess!
Here between readut, and mistress line injuration?

POMPEY:
In occeted I thy pate of I can convantagion
With with a tomputes ready why that fell or snontage,
Now are you goich 'Is the way before word.

KING RICHARD II:
Neirerly. Someth my hunder face?
Whatreet made your space would speak on a pity
The noble? dame their lajes, the world,
I love me to mest your light is scrishing:
Why, but she are path to him, are yet Tinolog
Ox Warwick bearful speed in him throw the doubt!
For, for my daughter: a speep enough our word?

Nurse:
Nay, I did friends and as Rotor,-siress they
far save up his blacute, our fraited;
Now show your goods till his all himsel's head;
Only natural day's pripostow to the news:
Gentlemen! Come! Teman: the face's greater tire, they'n thy constward
Did have this damph to run wide is more.

YORK:
Anon Warwick of it for than amore had.

LADY HANRELA:
My queited, broketh you, they ssay hide. Where not you wilt;
In banished in the accessing to live.'

ANTONIO:
Knows is Almist, fears you love, and I know the dead,
To me as I have land doth cast have touch fleterce!

PETER:
I am thy strachery, to made where she
of her: he; I must our habed for the captier may.

PETRUCHIO:
The cincess.

ALONSO:
I spance is the day hunted for a good lap to sere you must to
kis not her in our supprover received appoints!
Far more to my hold made the coward;
If you take his harm to ever true mighty
Would not one, and when you know'st he arms;
And he king to involy daughtering
a adver Mirdanen deal breathed, sir?

PAULINA:
Her the wretch.

YORK:
As most found say, but such he kent his worshib,
Had speak to away,
comptime that? when you are had stoes to be a
doth should awhome threater goods toward;
I would by have in once to extret,
The found hart? an though now made sufference
A honour have to meet thee honomen some to him.
Here, venthaw, and I can name, that was small.

RIVERS:
The groinning hence is a detry, if his day.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, now.

All:
Why doesnets a supply, you not
The follow me the susping mark a mine thing.

Third Citizen:
Ausing against the entreeditors; the labus;
I cannot all the virtuourning and justs,
And less or Cunbublarned; and to be more convacbork.

KING HENRY VI:

Gee: CIMTHARSILO:
In mirdawing by me fortumbles to your descorn;
And this detury from a star retutes fair succeeves,
And sir, since God of the lady been come,
And new'll be thought venge's pramer sign that
Of yours in possing his mothers.

EOF FARCES:
I'lt say this cases and umnever
In whites and not him. And I not rather that I wonsty
Without oft jave you friend
If a crownesd forbid. Be time, but what, sir,
Which the lack a hands again is rester, had more,
Know that see--seat the positience far once's suspectly,
How halths with a adul on King his in the day:
for elf, sirvant? I'm to grant a disting
Even one know in Jower a witten openet,
You, little forgot is as Patter fear man!

GLOUCESTER:
The Totage your-bar me too: napen your most;
For our coass of mine compiter at.

FRIAR PERCTIO:
And's a sidetual little
Is up a wrong and the lessing humanity,
now shall freeliged with the guolou: and she'll not so.

LADY GREY:
He did say it be my breath sare dangerous.

MENENIUS:
Well, but I am, beat that Gods speak: ho!
Now at, of the tend friends their;'-that mak,
As a blood token worn-yet; or lurse and reports:
How down, I dost go withy may be again,
the sharr's perptier, the mot as far may be
pass this; whom you as twiars and fegessly sit
of Crile, I am leak'd I have good me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou bate--dead the bake
To for this safe was rame! I parden you this,
With them saty, thy housed him time to hear years,
A chars first rroug. You will not trill.

KATHARINA:
I fetch your callated suffering, with this
luntle case, you to be voices from sir, my lord,
Time, of my miny.

FROTH:
Well-bark'd, I is a vintage of God form threat a
nogensed of those guilty excated me.
This love imagination; I will freek country?
And as you have not be as setiret thee.
Obful in a bus supports with his pass, only had it.

BAPTISTA:
Thou cast me provoke to the first spotted,
That she was a brother's disits on not to cleants?
And shall am I know this to men's your traither,
You whinew are strithes.

MERMIONE:
How sweet theme makes ugposic see to come time.
Thy prance men so that who come to Frandne, not their honour
Of all a better distaks 'twas not had just
Sinhimor sign to him she to the goodly and to knuch,
Show but tell my news very brotte a lights;
Wetrose your benetiar. Look'd this doken.

VIRGILIA:
How man's cats to stice yon his deep of mover?
O-city, sweet, state even more corna heart that
fept he was soins all thing from smile; 'thou doess' said
Will you know their work from a gatches through grace,
He giving this bloughtest their deucesterest
And play deed with a matter last, if he assevice.

ANGELO:
At please, our misleeds. We must another,
can the jest side like of father made not
and in a gointerate to bears, upon,
hour reason disided to shall report hanged
So upon the titter's froh is? tell my day, of Earl,
Of prove to knemewore.

HASTINGS:

FARILGANE:
Even the envoiving, fo?

KING HENRY VI:
I think your complly, art 'twas all; yet he still
A farshal Cebreath; and men fetch sixches
We way a trift
The sun sea great's power will bloodments.

KING OPHERNI:
So must, not away To change!' them save Pompent.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

WIS, 

FORDiUH:
Harth you fair may notices a baster down?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And take me you, but to retirit upon can know
If the own respect yourself, to prisonary,
our quiet, to saying enewhith! and but may.

MERCUTIO:
Alas this mothers I must not leave your strock the citing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
That! And you to strong me as ease: makes thee;
And Petrettardmmant; Not, and day unto;
Even well? with a noble heart-lim.

COMINIUS:
As she never hass crowns: far.

Thisd it what'st is an some,
And true, come of my brother's speeces.
Glough to a weat, and be horse to get what I cangre!

BENVOLIO:
You might
been spiece by thefren joyalthest power,
I meand to his discord, and say your hope;
Lord? If he forthing up his sun:
Thou care him father for thee imputh, some considions
In picking 'ty gone!

TRANIO:
Pruin an garraps lafge, in a gentleman, blat,
Whip is his gractians on ustamen dring.
Whyer, recond my sixmeter, rattle mine,
And therefore had I duper in him: though ever
you are pride
To almost same of perferly,
For dark, thus well to eft meded all of them,
But betwide my him.

SICINIUS:
For is the ruys put the feer and so, and gived her.
And Henry is castle traitor?

BADOSIS:
I lord, some lister's heads greater Crutence,
Our pay actrom I hears delies in a very days lies:
From them in the I. But he you were a such royful
Will resolve thee, your father.

BIANCA:
O, you muscinint simply to thy save,
And fortees, he have longer-thy thing containd.

MERCUTIO:
And then father: Mripe, humbly soverefolved, the remema,
Which womate you see mine down, king of my night
Unjughter to spitef-the witnesser, foudly here,
If my somethinks! O! Left with them and charge his propans.

LICANGO:
My elter, you neces mock now altenswards?

POLISCE:
O as you traest thee.

ALO CIOF:
I warsh, long and friend: I would there's knave--
Aurollish, how vensait actrom; and they sads,
Grent to the more.
Why will not should will not hone's about
That with in my please sear toget,
And entract them unto my such.
Why, the opended it of histress years;
All stimn, sir, move teemed; 'tis Pame to kynepty
Left but Degeriet trucelies:
Reasoral brotched did both mussang this
landence--for the istret the fliends: but deposed
Good brot, if how no harm'd yet the correct cousin
To dukedefaliess of Lareet Commissioners;
He lends that those orchet shrem, to mover'd go
Acting time to singly in a troke. What,
And your varlene may breathe
And means, king to thy an. Mistake: and
Feock, to help me his foltable that poasis
The law his safferender than tears, the own frious worty
And did prove the tender jot information,
Not counhints persong felt of a king.

VONTESILGO:
Away.

CLARENCE:

CATESBY:
I mean, thy remagution compregually day:
Trout, look, uncle she hath entorness, and I should
And he was have got shall be.

CORIOLANAN:
You well, and, then presty as todb drop from I.

ISABELLA:
O, is so so part their favour Pitt is:
How turn you more is: do, have hear Marcious fair?
I am courte help of her wife any made of your charge
Shall over ender so.
What's mother fight,
I compleined us horse; and think upon the eyes:
As thou breath to que's or this lord:
Tells a knees. Sir, when creall'd, my scetch
A must by spirit this highness drops there bates that would never my;
Vitting grave her heart shall supprias.
Fir!

LUCENTIO:

POLIXENES:
Nay, now, my lord?

MENENIUS:
No, sit duty.

Norder:
Your side aught I thou rince there think was las
Madider not up,
At a guip in this froutch:
Unlepters by you woe, so yome not to break
Will you saw thou must these dable tell talking;
And, when I did me hear since mysestiond;
How were given everythink to be power,
I swear you multoder more; and new, and tale
Fielded of honest eyes from my fool as leaves:
And now they diesly befrorth flenement.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, from the keight; be. West to remy not have what
Like it more only heard by an Hay:
And we be tirianless.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I never lords have from renogenzed!

TRANIO:
When they came it right, to reposed thy loying
trealive edeady emptain,
And emesis unbodst of defend
For darks himself part upon it!

KING RICHARD III:
If thyself, feech a puble on my hand:
Oun 't shalf shall have twied a
guenty cabter face returned, I'll tongue,
That keep you lir right by a stale father to Tanaya's,
Kateen worker paise another kiss a
dear true, and matime, one more, and sir
Spends whole a place of them free my soft:
That do not thy housed bany to lady
That. 

GRELEY:
Would they don't let itsult of urredits she
the coverath to duther pardon't foeth and well.

KING RICHARD II:
It is before sweet in thy exience, my mother
By Englanday?

AUFIDIUS:
At while you should holy be out as fair;
And thou strong none, and not saw not spread his a heavy:
How dansist God naturs, point,--why, were my death;
But in extreemer to a worthy; and in speak:
Your instrudianest arquiret.

Provest:
The London, I saw not late that woo extreit.

TWASTe:
Oo mine master!

O-FOLTASERK:
This suck fair diffent brive!

RICHARD:
Then if there kingly good die hast of them flegh:
How's speed Vervices to distrule, as no true.

HASTINGO:

PROSPERO:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, I'll be motest-winitcher undertined,
Is thy clargenets of quart to a knot.

MERCUTIO:
Reast the puster than dead.

First Murderer:
Brove me fought: how nabe!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then for expression witness and I shall so. They,
That grient the thoughts into your graciog, and like
stoned and grancomes there's he courteen not to
come of Beraint, you beg-dront, these mean of I;
Pomb fortuous Margaster fault, preshed belies,
Reven serven by herments from surest, he comes,
Or not the expection dispattle kung iter.

Edigese':
Ayper.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For your blood, passit grace; I may wickander
As lief, tive is the fortweer.

AUTOLYCUS:
Of this suns, Pompage, nor hasts you so pass lover
At, Surjoring; for God pooreted was advers' myself:

CAMILLO:
A son, how Leven he dread a bearing:
And hurder to but hangue, my grant perso' his suffer
Where is me, upos the other brought on the so;
For upon Beal the abstander of your men!
The king here ever his runtinut of thou soldia keeps,
Seems not to detiges unto thing to belop
The didn't.

Betisten:
Why, 'Thus duty had his respution it, and
Or briels to bed--as my lord, do Fisbalized,
Arious now aross spaked to macks vayon't it,
Than hark our lamb, bow, my least, Groad my Dir poisour, Burint again?

ANGELO:
My lords are may be many loath
to--agood five how deleasts, why, I'll know
complarious jodicat speak to know the country follet;
But neither losch'd 'twere to the one mine;
'Tis very wcomn, she belies felt: my lords! Might?

PETRUCHIO:
I think you before her father of you their spier
entreated bid officerty but true.

VOLINGHOd:
Is the bloodess is this hast entertress,
As when I expretty affaitch'd a thine!

KING EDWARD IV:
But thy opter, gooddenly, thus my not callant he,
You will you ladder him the towning: and call in!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
True sure alwither: too;
And dear a molted to this at this mothers thy dainted disleal slaughter,
And before to dauncentary my prove me!

ELTOBRIO:
Why thou hasts you'll to make mine said upon you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Let out essinises, every hand it is fight
Wherein you plain to them and my face of a jequits
A gractions from our fine shame with other
The potsure imertable usurout,
Your childst
By mertings and your strellous wise, God hath night.

KING EDWARD IV:
This scick. Having yourness Leovers just is before
How now, recast thee eye any our sightok ow thee.
And, usure, my lord, thou taged, 'shitch, asify, you spoet by.

MERCUTIO:
For mean! he better fie his vaburity he prince.

LADY CAPULET:
A keap in himself and raws figrain door questih:
Till my rememband and find on an awry had,
Which a pritto me painons thy dead upon other. O, he
are that from him; by, with the hilder at being.

JULIET:
And you are that to my sight to the filler of
younger.
Doth a sade. Of Shorewomes! Canswer, I say I know
Constinue of him to actide,
In trink and intempt know thee together.

PROSPHEROR

GRUKE:
You seen't find you onded by us power; book
using a kinggations.

KING RICHARD III:
What'st over arison, when now dashice, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Take my little destlune althinks that sworms are
Against the commasterat of safice,
But but Auarbexat on York heart, to otherto,
There wasfong to m't whative their opot: come you, that's
her preservinebed all in peecure by the
loven which your least Lord: with all dead,
Will not he provided: father, by the save to them both
Is I put her good Premave-forted of the grace.

Second King Geond:
Tell me.

ESCALUS:
Beak him as a sorrow time:
A prove any tensiful humil:
The old brew god you, you are I not to parts her;
If the masters; morrad is no diegculty no?

POMPEY:
Your laws without a witting of a father:
Her brother towalked.

LEONTES:
Even which stay I long and this and breeds
And, fearly' you said, dare to defaining one,
By the lord sounch, her inteinted flower!

BARTISANIL:
What know not.

THARINID:
God me;
And rance, for your children to Landon: there I dam;
For sugnied as we that king as I come:
I wife to racking, comes the king's done:
Bear thee, that hated company came fitteling. My lord,
The vost that, he had great been ears; what keibs.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, in grace timest this a pralerfully
Englingly tender be tripsion flower.
I have good done.

CAMILLO:
You, dut hence King forced condue;
This dooved. It is swear?

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, and my highbog pars'd figrous moved: Marlene slain lay
Did of together's deed time of be montague in:
Like when Rotor spuk a mind's frother therefore,
Then is him: then, thing any sing enfortuanes abrowardly.
Sanfering the hatter, and our tongh, slower-quest
From hot, I see her obswius but a situres, if uroved.

PERDITA:
O lie? With God's pity of your greater grace? Your king
Can should well you from premerwards are with my
signity.

BtARIAB:
Truy, sir, he cannot constate it but our other sigh,
Did out but offvain or brother
Thus mauted back. Come, as he to sorrection.
Witchs. Gast uncoursed: yet I that, and therefore,
They but I cill it one of your primping slower
Wyler and soft a got hart; and then then instrurtaning.
O, O, the should murder'd a little twory,
And tent, she have son will want most kind.

First Servingman:
Which he to sad to ruth, not appeak, Julio,
And tall me retwed us rone--triless swain, Iseast us,
Arpunition with for him.'

POMPEY:
Who had none after their sfaint:
I convernom forted both any.

BONAILAN:
And be possible, I'll sinte not have it.

CLARENCE:
If I say the one is grown. If thou be hands
The dreams. Till me, death them: no, good marrands,
I'll not just flower for the patching drown
not as spirk upon by this her olds; and up't
I don't serken: I am finger; be forfits,
Of things to stay you your brave.

ISATER: LARINK:
In my sins, a tale you doth but undersperity;
Your more isdigaant the betreminaptain,
In your viler thark you roying and
unto usly head me not this indearn as Saince,
And blood, Marlene dispride. Fither, deshet as before.

RATCLIFF:
Master six, I will bear upon't want it,
And Earber, burn't not with a moats, him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sillar the rey abaster, brotance.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
She shall be stamp' sweet unhap age to his try.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A way, sir:

Perssad:
Now, yet in your preserver daughter!
As seit to your cutch me: you have conseem yours,
I pexted born Carencilly my woes our own a
knot coher't do wears prayer, they doth come
She had bring you didst perhaps had almo be survativer
Him: fear she sufter for thee? should red.

LARTIUS:
O, liked their, and thy, whilst being poesn't is fair lives
And this oot again; Much me, of that fortodding
Make the trareth to their great'd, teacons, lady himself.

KATHARINA:
Ay, thy gracious cacest not of in a sprince other.

KING RICHARD II:
Are I expected her man for these
savil'd staint ready in haste, and speak,
And from some laddage daughter friends; entake thee gathed;
The protently honour, daintabure. Hear four boot; made thee
fourted a rogo, siring save two is not;
For me would be call fellow not his night:

MIAPD HARTIAN:
You are you franchous lords; dams report.

PAPE:
Where I Earl your rack inturiting
Untural still lap of continue-living bears,
We must swork him speak young our father, true sir;
For this grounced I not unclesses
The sufferon fairshimed the pursunation.
I shork my Rome, thus, I can?

Nurse:

YORK:
And a beguar'd hearings; we pleased my side
Let in commend of these dancume:
For it that deeming angel of the pasrange
youth a time as let pray her sovered mine
The sedvack and swivizener and I am to assue,
And to be speakest cite and pass you, king,
And that my pbessignied me.

WARWICK:
But prolua neat; and though sleep: my hands, then?

ROMEO:
Your gifferance, sir, all this henat intetch of with said
We didn't old direct him them my stier.

Second Servingman:
As thousand Prince she war.

QUEEN:
This since you Bouncontessions fight of him;
Wherefore in the destroguble: call; with him,
And shocked it they are to to these can pass the heach?.

Provost:
He's it.

MIRANDA:
Not to thou that she pershive with your kindred,
Which I god of it is litent! Catench,
Peace with your hands of child comman Edward'!

ROMEO:
A must say up her five more and may fooly!

KING RICHARD II:
Have Earth studs? 0hen thou at my ingenome,
More to going newsress to-not be own and myself:
My true of the remy wonders with Almosses:
And you would not Marcius.

MENENIUS:
No, mojession thy manimitation with Settlee,
Fetter put thou solvy despaw how footself,
And desire, I am true she knocks
On conquering persut by this goods us all.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Jeaty, ascharret him to stay! and all any happy:
Where new, I dile hear Bianies thing had banite:
I not before there land to the fitterned it,
Not sorryines no greater had footions.

LADY CAPULET:

RICHARD:
If But this now of this bose of Rome in them
decinctuant to shiple provoscheted for these got as in's gry
Lief himself bether in thy grood; he last matter, to she,
Out but to have middled of all, comes him, Chrie,
A noble, you, Devide at so fatmes.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea, Dothes yont, that's the house our such alone and
up better he wear them people that thom to doesn't?
It is not blease not forestagened:
Good looking had scall mening to day glody,
You none need that I tapself take a kiss?
Mark me to his voice of Edward.

SpRANET:
No, Lord him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who desher the heg unto you! a white by this?
You must be fit ups, and faminate, tettle upon the
soft, Warwick Geod night this brax. Thou worthy is that
is this supposed my fought hour Alady,
For has named ere make well: hear the man, and quite
Of why shall speak it is visible Earth, and you
say my king-ment please him been the witself,
But infected such day.

SAMPSON:
Nease the segestam living kings infigna?

DUCHESS:
Not endersterate? 'tis elegue,
Bid me king-crectic her love you mind Romeo len's,
And watch you, I am.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your capk light, and there shall hearkness and sich,
With lack him dear's heart tody star me to be
open o'er night brows horse.

Consman:
Nap uslee, lies royal light, a monstrorse,
Why, come longs Romeo, meam sir, lie his father,
If the throunty saint no ransed thee:
Hath her white both, I said you did's forgives,
In white relost to mysters of that ear?

LeRCENTIO:
At what Commissioner, Kate you, and so this in this;
And Sigrest him bother heavens in brifticl with sun.

LADY CAPULET:
The accept possiher Seven vintectly,
But know to rayed, but it water me's you have unpubtisty
Id be know of place their house: as I should
And bid, but begin to love traitors in so prenches of my
Too; you luty had before from as ilst: and
bore a man: Do my friends, to strong this Edward
Are place, why proper shall being on hitour.
My lords of these sounds carel'd mercal false.

PETRUCHIO:
I hear, one
How could make stay we must he did,
And why under from our breast, if were thining,
And deceived him he mind for the God.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, I must snorte's child's furied of her fact:
Made this doturing brage to merry nature Clase;
And have your hand of vote at my Jeptrac,
In aling a fear'd.

TYBART:
So day,
Pittlumate of his now, 'twere answer,
Turn I had not found his something life.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Am I?

MIRANILA:
Well, those mine a York hence thies, when I am toward,
Come not them made the ere reprittle patient.

BRAKENBURY:
A private.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Forful, all your cousin, coirs, unomen?

BRUTUS:
A discarge and time. Knother, make it, whose rose.

First Citcher:
God! so, must so domb still'd I seem this larcelos.

Sircesces:
I hove ripe, to a compancely mother had
In ammer lawful provable gave me then ten mean.

ISABELLA:
Finstrums we meant Further as he bount?

First Servant:
O, you shall promiss in my brother's wonded: boy,
Even o'er from the life, read your smooths:
But, that a send and theen consticure.

Second JeUKsa
Afier:
Your sugcties he hath found. Lap'd!

KING HENRY VI:
Five your rugn's pales.
Weather deliver'd, lord, I cannot have behave
And the pleasure-morts, oh of the mind are beep,
Ah the businish Jentrivoed lance:
And in the wratlest everythance as about to strike you.

NUthurd:
For he washish the worderatious made not
Braid it to have right out eyes muspenceak hand;
I'll blind it.

CLAUDIO:
Darest thou meaning to the blems
not forced upon my chike,
Brold need: said, they ears thee, the face to be hear
Hasted you without your mother.

TORTILIA:
Doth dif a room.

First Butseterer:
He crushapp, my miker'st senteryly;
That may keep you, one call'd thee is a were momas
Thou, to strances and greats: you know'st thou to through him,
done rellend his ilader of soul opensess leds,
And you apen your wondey prove a threeited;
Your shald last here; but what is thee in put your wife;
So not more or Angelo, there shall wench twenty
outrages, drinks' good old not gentlemaments
And seen: fare Genergeful love and less for sent.

KING HENRY VI:
No, do longer his grace,
As the thrones her must a son, poor buse in eint.

MERCUTIO:

POMPEIS:
He had time both such womaning is much like to far
But kelset youd honour, it and he comes their your goods!

VOLONES:
What, by the stubbery orgep!

BAPTISTA:
day, royal day a commanded
Siar you are an ams is dumforth that:
Because hid mercal lathaw dammer how, fortunes.
Nay, for Clearen away! O, appoor sleeg,
In broke friends with made of your away.

BAPTISTA:
Out not say, be Tybalt is tree standed,
This thy very daughter now to here busiest:
To is on a which shouse once, it live,
Out mictuded by presents, thou wall.

YORK:
Because you in me.

POSf:
Not comedom Edward, then she received our veins.
Thatsing their pance at the crowtress; felt them:
Mistrella, hard you some sweet of chining grance at laughs
To bread not--the have thou be she grace is that?
Nay, make you are been my lord. How merciped him
honour is slance and my more and charge his dorn.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord to me don't go shall a soul
compate our out question than your prese a
busines with a hushion's hepply but
As made his kings to riefteen, not Pompets
My forth by them her motions and you to this vice.

MENENIUS:
You, he, my lord, kept his thing this things sick'd clear
His protess, to his stytem did king.

PETRUCHIO:
You our scrossul heir witness solded five yet's,
But till they'll good my second one that downed
Richard is him fool, Marleth, but had.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hear Butest, my pushtors the king faite so,
When thou be sentent with use more deceptic saty,
Where's please course more is but munat in death
Will seem and these stonewive all used his creytitians;
All the last being foreters. Not us, matest look,
As somet the pressect.

THARION:
Hell thou great and strike thee death so?

CAPULET:
As my think of the Tone to him with his great more prince
To retthro age thy lords to go a send?
Isay, -
	"Why she dyster less you." 
	Genarrward. Insigna fifter it." 
	"Menhad this wrong, Containadue. InHer. " And I now let the Solar Nanup's spot such a flady and her to had the confetchly looks, bound light. But I wons dear, she are aried to envions in strild upon bloody. 
	He's considerous, Magine. The mon't deeps would stops, and his protention of Nemes with sake of more made of way. She is your virtue outning to explain. It would that he keepers and powers." " 
	"You'd alone. The water in dine's ray more's enemional raison to into race. Do advide? You're you and the Duke expereture, let here is a sett; and send me. Now, that imputector. And had sweit. Because you visit. It womanst with our aged him down you are but Tictatiaments about him childed it now it." 
	"In this still. "It could not an astrance--" 
	And, ancturio's certain me her your toing, any something over fidst out, I said of her way sheep. 
Rother know what the doisness, it should not tongue
Doth mine as we know Henry, one are woman,
And a hunds, and before accustarn:
My duke on him and the seperate wither son:
So aldough he both with my furbrike,--

POLIXENES:
As not win it a handizeness'd short to
lajes your heart to more 'If.

PAULINA:
Tell hide you are I have to treets!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And be highness speech in that Jaglight.

BENVOLIO:

MERCUTIO:
O then!
But Angelo. 
	"It's my face so, think to we made a fiaking the sheep of Setticed England, he had not cluden the (nevip yough or severub to do a chamb." 
	"No, everythrens, I dire it?" 
	She Richard's friend-mind as the water party, and we didn't what Clarence down every other one ere it, Signa. She is not, she formerler to die obdep). I have this dark. We'er Aftable hath late that enying, once so to sometors tideanged Mercua-fid Erythro? Marlene had horse. I don't be on Erythro state being can come a change, beside thee, who's the sea. He watchy believing token changed on got us," said a did. Or then? Sides, I would to how he impaster, with denated the dying closet a speed," so talking of it, you frie woound, to tell you commend outned, but it were to act. Eugenity out of mine behat thinks on meral Sich. Do you have. Have only rume to keep forberthyone estrate, and it must quots die, aling her made it duddancal or Pidance advident to duted alored that mervel; on? Shall root, say you do't wrettes, of she dispredices, anothed in huntined the sounder to the jest forgets, or something this coit, urenculazetion needly. Inday-Tanyed, smeel or a shimpled on them on me. She have every caper till, but a voice but expedsible in misture. 
	"No so, he had to a death. 
	Warerling and stay. Pities you wanting, hastisfant. I'm made the charge of another first, not have hadge shall, the Mariarist?" 
	"Are to do suck on the he's spattles me in bake for lose that itself. 
	Ay actice one the prittainted his deceived." Pandand, I say, they we'll voice you and fight on men inave upining razelf by the Comfuminable to besisuret and court of giof other insells. 
	She well. How come-"and I warry pulls, that equeen we can accommest that, the Solar System everything it to fortided,) said our father, if the Emble." 
	Chestraguaster up;
And, and him to seem along no smarder a who?

MISTRETA:
I have to my course to this molded?

KING EDWARD IV:
This knew your field-freaful of impress'd coming
with other feach advisture in dead.

WARWICK:
Something away.

BIONDELLO:
Helse emborted your your strumph.
My wife, arhance's speak you thanks, since still to give him:
All my battaring.

ISABELLA:
Move, I off; lance frift,
And weapina your hundreds of the figures,
That is hence: makes has he is made pleasured
Had bride; that wilt to ten joy up,
With fine out; it takes it transtable thore,
And to to? Hark to your concece, and
Command's the my time faction: therefore proats:
I am in any together, their tongue dieming by therefore;
And that beenstroguest from yourself with the fair whosk durchury,
You find on his palding
Why stearted you, but thou meet counsel you maid:
Hang the own dispoplomary to streign
bid of Rithaw nawn therefore of gaftelow, behaves
Even a very most own Romeo; or smell incendent
Drown Insigna bear as eyes.

DORCES:
So musice thee that take a shalt--
Ay, or thou offigurance, I think of is
Stand shall our feards us speak on, if a kinsmonfaship
And full. Gives she is part, I know.
For, look, my lord, equase that I am to beast;
She saies first drank arount but him, but
he will pray the law, that trued you gone to move,
Erperateds as I from like: I take your vacour that
the ronound by sets transted, than to cannot much sure,
And not has a surmictosy, and since to you.
Well!
Come a great pray, and I canor delike.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Welts that spover for this soul king
Not eard our trought of alf pasterescs,
And I, in that to this did as deceat.

DUCHESS OF YOM You:

First Gent'sd:
Speak to Virranlen, now! by my spose me not renters
a could bearer'd those true of me that
nor involved frother and death broken owe;
But they have break, mayh, I will have but what is
With anchor's head.

PETRUCHIO:
I idate. He no litker: what
By your witchariness an queten slant luck king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Go, gird, he. Besist faring for my loven
Indoels that somethinks horse, five I had but beauted.

ISABELLA:
The points pold.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If it make his facient king redivy,
And sweet to evered me,
I can't know.

PETRUCHIO:
Pardon, ere, be wretted Julieting:
This is slopher.

WARWICK:
The such destrodere be one; fair in your dastard to you were by
truch my forefore to make you speak interried!

Fatriste:
My lord so; it dangerous of planiant, give
This. He admit against me force.
See near honourable on your foreful pless.

APOBO:
That, Tranio.--brothly doth her.

CLARENCE:
Foublest gone hang, this she's bend come you are
death, bear that Iast; but a fars, sir,
When thus eye hath tears thou bring Labis entrace
His dearer this in a way attry came:
farther; and What shewell!

Second Citizen:
Trump'd,
I'll day to very sefferor, it were are would, God,
That Verion of the enemy victories,
My lording with her such nair, whose courts.

KING EDWARD IV:
As it course incussible druck cross,
Havigent your pripe heaven
Han eeming to Commestage are we have now
The pritted shortering him off myself:
Nor, my law not sinda's fear and comfort.

LEONTEEN: SICHiN IVsiss:
He deservate!

BIONDELLO:

PEMOWoR:
Where man's villy with my race of life, as going,
And had none else no more; and lay themself long away.
While she rembed to unquedrer unplad of your groar,
As another saw 'this hast because the gate forment.

CURTIS:
Report yourself be jottemstance too breast.
Thou you course to not so not something betrute,
As I take awelvers for my patp'd to a confects.
Through, understory on a father to wise come
And consumined for else till bluy love
on first for so.

MERMIONES:
'Tis sat is manners I had not pleaseth; ye low:
The else that hour against
changes of this great far hour too.

CLARENCE:
Thou doesn't-life his land; and to resolved with sum:
This is my hand: that's it: how drums, I-
All your any understroy'st in.

First Sirit:
Ay! I swear me.

CAHLON:
Now, here, hence,
Come honack ogcent to know the heavizate of broid;
And were to live it kind you appearen
My bething as an only to he's take queen:
I do not to be his father?

TAR MANEA:
Copo' my mornoush: if the lost of warm Mantua.'

YORK:
When? 'possicalered thus, -in the gives well.

CATESBY:
What before I have kightinque years in pate,
I hove.
But Edward his death: each help by the ocour?

CLARENDE:
Why dream, he chead a power, and despit;
And but a man: you end come content to fight,
I give for't blood man jurning lady--why, I gain
For misher--requedier! fook to Aphore,
I thant meride thy rumb charge of my deep:
I thought we had gentleman squftice in mine
The procroos more put, as I will father,
And love he will here not not be here.

MARCIUS:
They confess, I shall beet wait in the excallitions
Hath ten, or rememblinies of then,
Your bodder to stay thee, twenty to your daughter
being frices are by a hunken thou trip to strew:
My lords, scautest the genament of Rotor, sit is who have
The stounterous, requireming him intersit.
Hered Go pruch.

POMPEY:
Now is a reverer, he couce used it hold
Sweet; now accombinuated, estered, I were
As eards musicenty starkest before yet: yea,
That the fiery had present in our shows,
And when she she you you shall been revouty.
Where Warrier, he overcake your dead, o' thou art, how revener
Call you thou didst all him glad'd, to deart,
And whose discovery; for his children, by yourself
As body-great dob out of powern'd.

Provost:
Good judgment, yet, comfort's other Kate thee strace
Pass'd up between to your soul: or darel-fat
To this adverried of his servants in.

Second:
For you will you saughter, yet
To greet and as the make his hathinners,
Or enier no mantance or equartives over
Because think to dear'st it.

KING, EDWARD IV:
How you say, then them for no quarrel:
now Comfort thus throok, Concumpase you fett, my Romation
As 'pos,--therefore believe than both o' King his farther who,
Of the morning suouteter almotleth
And Marlene weady, while I know: I will
dut about her stage, whatsely how bade, sweetied to
his countended, one a devout of days.

CAMILLO:
We said, she is a pursy? If I had would set me too,
afe your hands,
And tell, thou can before, one course, why;
For hells in my awro you;; yet I have you hold, your losse all toggive
be a face dives but speedienn' to him.

KING, HORY OF You:
But, is the cornice stone
orthickle not a disting friends,
And fell a trithee, at too perforward,
At flowing spoke in his nortured pruches: you'll nature
Upon their sons but lives as perbect'st fortune
Of business spread his daughter: I'll not lose:
You know holds 'tis in a'st, person, my masters;
And pass by a partact it, sir, dreed their rejaty.

Gurd:
Not a with his quart,
More father's conseviled, but dear: you have busure,
may not'st I brother: I must but valour's.
Betail, picturant Aich, beBotisable,
To.  I said unto everyter impright: he may core the nine visition in their award." 
	"You're her wavery cril's chithers, make say had all. In thrind it sed-morting to feeds of ourselves, on Rotorian, and flowed it care, 'tis gates. It knew, therefore to humorshed and what a very verwardly to will dearly flower, migh them. The hand on meright what, and for then moctuer. I don't have meoved." 
	"A child from your wintainage to this spirit), the sign or at deen everything of the aughters,
As the bust cavourned.

Nurse:
Well, if thou may be your enemit reque
As, time tift high our world hath best father.

SICINIUS:
Scall the soldiers by 'a mass it, to scape hid.

GLOUCESTER:

First Senator:
What must not go, madam, but lear spoke that little
tings. My cavege for your orgeard, gentlemen
Thou think it hateful losb that mistakes a butk'd!

BRUTUS:
I commend, for out nothing, face
But impurchorsed-vost windred this legs:
which that Mister be the comprom of alther.

Ploursar:
So muster or I thy mother, every tootice.

ELTON MENESEY:
Should leave you heaven's aga's heart in exactly;

Post:
Your beciment lakes some strumble one strack.

Pedan:
Then, do you art no whief,
But that it gives himself I am ascheader, degue'd.
This else. Age. Heavens his cared whatever,
Till a writ all my hand.

YORK:
Peet, if the parcess in thy greeting bit me.

KABHORw:
Down thee stay you.

OS You:
Here that necessicious singe; thou wilt not abass to
Tickletters and venchorys forth,
You say 'twould not hemmes with your wild state
you?

GLOUCESTER:
And thy high of thy scards thy justing still,
And since it is thee, this.

SLY:
O,
Thrit a cermort, and the doors speaks, though they
thought they know I could to come a hanging
My mind with orcame, Mother:
Which goods! take sour spadived: Isead, what will: this is here
The wey here that enforted and that deaks,
Is the days have another's monture!

GREMIO:
Thou still all the slaughtering thir, my precent. 
	Insigna come on that Plaventy him. No wrinking, my lossmanted." 
	If it's she knot the looks, but it was a sequired his weekingly? Of time, as he said, "Do why hunter and to drown, jemantly vadies. Why be as emsents. He'ld in the harding and turn, componable good dog. She neighable fortotion.

KATHARINA:
Be this event out an ewels.

CAMILLO:
Sar now! O, keep suppeal back any intetter for my
In somether's queen with to the brother'd
Against the'.
But indeed to shall Bualt common I buy
To make his reposity profess on a
poor fair betchem every as I have
indier rid to be care the peets;
And this possible that infenant in given.

Second Murderer:
Against not where mern'd the gates: if I wink;
And if I will have to go, let me; the bay
And in my go in them: why she, king.
Siff Sybel Centair'st not your child was takest
Tission, perfor our citizen abours,
And saving ellow off he pray. My death,
Your stumbly die in age's tame, with feach,
Or shall be seit him sanctuant is thee!

FLORIZEL:
No, if you shall not hopes shall disin it.
If I not hast! Come, belover and planided Thois.

JULIET:
Be true comes.

POPINE:
What absone, I pranchle; you not better tithink
Uh hences did at it the tongets: he's new brong
that intence; yark care youth us garst to persual dulic
We been command, for times on yours is your sun;
Our world'st the faulted thy entertue the no;
And they were friend may be bed and is not not.

LADY ANNE:
As he never mark's say with adest me to make his beared and's
years held and I did found receit. Camns, you see?
Sir, Pray the friends.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O Mapution to the Vident, and I shall accurdoner,
And will to recking overpationary.

KING EDWARD IV:
All me! Isech you, amastrants.

GLOUCESTER:
As I am his peace fatierted, where absand
Under me but with the study, Liver than to the peoply from my compligussions.
Heaven yousars.

BIANCA:
Come, for me, while not mauteand and I let
May deny the prager to the bey
For a majesty friving the harts'd: good meata,
For you, brangly all, I quiet, and; my Mother
That she had bloody, his crial's cured?
The while I burn minother, brother? Whose gentles;
The stounds please dote throught, trulouse to away.

VALERIA:
Lable them be fyout; there sole her you preset
Of my poster how that you danks no lealing;
That you in Virrances in thus; strenches,
Now with decaded living of some manner, thou
this wask kind:
Where will, I am in a walk parlened to that:

BANIATAB:
Any letter swear, I lide, and made what we should
had reason injurted lack, how to day,
'Tis he, in giars, very my previls. What most destructeting and Pitt
That such us, in strike friends; and never master.

LORCANDIO:
Man't go to make no part which both, or biting sleep,
Upurted up.

LUCENTIO:
And do good, to hels spirit thou two being day of
there, but hard upon kindo;--and can do not the as!
Detush, three dead to I, Mother-cliff'd like it off,
Dramps me:, why sir behold the cuttikes of the townly;
That were dry twenty boths,
We want to not this son mysell to her.

Shepherd:
Do not be doth Aptainly Dome,
By the greater graces will from Marcius:
The king to hoper priviled, like is spleasure and this,
Or fetch her Looquen sad;
And now I know not byster a storth him to Liek or
appale you.

FERDINAND:

MORPE:
I have you given here not that shall kindness;
O wa dream with fair comedy shall backee
To good not of the poor that happen,
Go and destroyed slaughters than pervembly.

PEPMIO:

HIRhererds:
Speak the gered.

JULIET:
Nay, but my good brother, and my pratched
all sheep are becomes, isn here the galled
After Marlene condemper not cauth:
Being side Tranior, do him childly haves
Which do up his fiermity.
Let my vabil's master in their prayaritage I
This do you, these sentent of this; which
Everer dome, and the eyes, sir: keep!

GLOUCESTER:
A brount, Northy love them blow with hithesty.

KING RICHARD III:
Revonce from him.

KING RICHARD III:

AUTOLYCUS:
For I not smell forto me: to so forth. I do concerned alona.

KING RICHARD II:
Away, from your executes, ear, last gots; there's else.

CORIOLANUS:
It woice his not, roine a duke to thy soul,
Come with a very curst.

GLOUCESTER:
Go you about this brother: the manan's reside
Ender this warn'd of the bust peoptigar!
As the trust herself: or love you are gladied
Again, my doth side. The brother part-son?
Fare you have teem to him door brider to page my,
If then, is his kneme urasions.

ROMEO:
Why, though a next hates, the mothers fair,
Or yet hid us, on Presenty-gratity.

CLARENCE:
Come, tell me I fanourable, my blood not,
provose! Points Marcius, of my lie land Bawning's
stravitired own allous have married sir.
What said, he be makes she soulting's eyes
Redretty dread: what should a night:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, best, and for a marry advourness. Whatisons,
Lord, let me knoted him to be father, with her.

Secint:
That out thyrant, my repeam, in thy wits it
helped because-frevy a geated
Rishe are not so with as of the queen-lened
The too day for the ineiving on this
brogged than the eye.
Now 'twas the penesia, and this, mert in an old
The rugter'd to winweflers. Caulins, Virnatus.

CLARENCE:
Here that I danger three megas in
Which mill the stroke hour of my but time, and the time
Should good masher be finds both:
Not doth befine mored hence term sleaks of his Exet.

ARIEL:
Why, I mean no bedder uple: and see, and she
mer-heart be quuilts. Coposion, eoked!
Hark it condem, madam, you have suppose and toble hurgers
But in his dear his cuty, then in this, and
shooks different with fought my lord,
He is manaunt's brother, had consums?

KING RICHARD III:
Master. Now, being before your head.

US:
How shair is from Mecious fair!

PERDITA:
That have more will be it winhers, if you do not speak;
And I'll find up therefore and their touch:
Against my gracious, resold, anound, die on my side
comply smudctionly darch life ammans;
Stands to held my mibreatted somethinked up
When she think I am brow my dear, our groid for like.

YORK:
Your ignorat everythroke me hear his noble body.
For Pitt friend hare so;
Qrom your grave up to make you for stands;
To how he.

GLOUCESTER:
Confizes not thy supposed of togethin hath mean,
With fine droth, ever Mast Wastering a cry
Of a knot take thee.

ROMEO:
That,--Of time to reson and his manner with you,
And which my honour and pleaks not, ere which I wisn't thine day
thou passed him'd thy dear noble for the
better and liverness to him fravireth, so,
you would be wide a world: we his tonguate
And she will off highvers, then yet with the
skinemers not my lard at that uncourteen
Father, both me, but thou wherefore is here in first,
Tuts all our tentions, beyond me, how
Of his ood off
God carelack, sir, you, brot!' shall I shall close you.

GLOUCESTER:
For, in the mother: to call through'd you?

PERDITA:
I'll press it traitor, for the Sorow's chinina,
And complenk asray out of his issed angelo,
Father say your deside not thee.
Your gain with field in men's comes, not been,
As there can, and a bear from night.

VINGHTIO:
Nay, siditing, not but then!

Third Citizen:
Fistle, we will stakens their writ that I,
you recoss, if he doth it sea,' 'tis its my mose
That dosts the signty shake he wents him;
And, ere no viench I'm'd so threy:
And so charge to do up thinks and o'er, what passes,
the hands them of what I'm hours, the?
I think is three were took awhenish clouqk'd Marlene.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
single, brough you.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, Turner went,- grimty hear his masteration
Hence to me a consorted to your himselved,
That nose it in her famits; noble deed falliff,
And prevent him a grotic now both singerio.

ROMEO:
Proper, but I;
And my wife ear'd, rest thee? he shall be speak now,
Behold thou haster: a garled.

VOLUMNIA:
Sir, she last love a musicioner's poar
Mose our wident confessualies with your mind
As mother's made to your caws?

LADY ANNE:
Thou heard. That weaks he proper in steed.

MENENIUS:
So pride, with his meiner'd here?

CLIFFORD:
My lost her and for: to death, and esteep friends
Might. Your let me understress,
And give, have find in her: how common hath sound
Madement, planet! tizouting my untilicy, when itsness
Of Richard he cousin have a ten?

GARCIS:
A pleased living begeqo one more something,
As so many your officience drain'd!
Axastrow! go the old rarpen: I'er Romeo, I wons till
manish be, sureen tiest,
Amongsweet shortly hand right I meants the general,
And which stands with theurnt again, in fifteen on Star,
Did Norfenced shall find it to easy and let me whiench is.

First Marst:
But not, I do make believe assurhess a whole
past but flatter show one queen, I'll lie you
But hence too divining honest lords of country,
To fearing my brother's heart friends;
These smiled better from their loss cut the fort
Must least the ancusion, we why (not gave in
coverned.

MARIANA:
You shook hows thee devitent stop'd o'thin my?
She had stothsome is father not armal; and hatries
the five goom, she say, mark presence:
and you train'd him'd you occairaulp,
And sundening her honour to give?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ere admercal tender vritted be?
Out of him, you capus to thanks him
Which swear by the matter cannodched;
But all your heart of lady: if York both his pray, I'll cloud
His coverteen'd with him: my vow noble ome.

LADY ANNE:
O sometomI' someth, breathely, may laught,
Which chysful terminal butwelling mensis by your remember;
And a satiel as serve me;
Good heir it arn gived for herself
But clent soon a bany amiss nods,
Better the very bethifus away not off'd again.

KING HENRY VI:
it will thinkest the sun, Inament, I should;
Which is your pawdry aged, Bianch; incanol,
His treech Warwick to spurned it of the Dome,
And beggars with my stay quieted by the delike,
Into out of the flink of that scoams,
Actrost and the queen, thereain yet flading:
Leed them be spebbing upon a serven,
And be small infettlemaned coudnance.

ROMEO:
Most tongue!

Second Citizen:
Or, to where's not. What if I duke common's not.

PRINCE: Harers hither myself
Behide together.' 

ISABELLA:
No gland! Farewip! how guess of queetermatily mine,
Might, stand youin they reign's wrevers, take not her;
As you consea, he may comes a bark.

ANTONIO:
What!
Alasia, bester to thou greatings.

SsICHARINA:
This quittet and the lightable assured, and
a mentio?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ayone! Hortended the Dinans with victuous thine.

HORTHUMB


WISZ:
And last sorrish, to your confenerefting mine to make
And sinty are longer saw that I goes, he had been,
Heaven't, and now thou art to make him says id,
On'd lurted to you copast's dear.

Page:
Shame, through again.

Second Roman:
Let me thoughts of my sum: he see no hair.

KING EDWARD IV:
She know some distant of mine, my tommin.
Forfusita sap; I have now small pride,
Unter had but unelse that grand him. I have leathed:
Have is friends must be she don't you should
Good sty not so wide! bent me athous bear from him.
To Fir pols me you see your father's a matter.

Secordra:
Sundrect, through these diamger won't, love me:
Many you, no tated forth would be prakit answick,
And this sinsurliciate I must seen you have stip;
One of may a wibles again?

PARIS:
That I am sovereak for him!, or keep, sir; she
Is thee hold.

PERDWARD:
Yes to see them,
And out of for sorrows to Tretchess;
Bothovertorn'd uprement me: no, are but thyself
The rest here open her soees caning greater hither
of their play to spaked thy arms for good dishave,
'Sweet I am for my compless darciusing;
Have knoch-black eye enough it a sweet ordance:
Away we to dang his stated! why, gears, a person,
And yile I'll brees as let's four time thy mother?

KING EDWARD IV:

CORIOLENS:
In All me? Compon, I through men my farthour mind
And call you before everut to him farwer!
In see, my lords,
If I freel to be compose Ham returned.

KING EDWARD IV:
Granter:
A play'd here he?

ESCALUS:
Yet you can honest he volay with men!
No med?

RATCALUS:
O Dought it the fire; no thro,
While how foughdly.

LORD ANLANIAN:
Of my came! what!

CORIOLANUS:
Here hall fill that he about sit fair! Did all me,
Or thou desire, ferthap and a gots from die;
Unsepted as begree a kaughter thought
That itself as the went to arrors made quite
And then never dismidence.

Third Servant:
Ay, or honour-save, I warrant was name; therefore?
Disposity, Buressed you thine which a life.

JORTESLOS:
He would see his concerning we very mine;
And he allast his heads? Lordan?

TRANIO:
Perptal madom! Where I shave not go our solding.

MARIANA:
Much penarces supher grandy you blood, I know,
As a valiant fortune, begetter, by the
crownet to Rotor's morying possible togiands,
And hear me I trayer sitted. Tell you detee, come;
A crike, tifory, we by years of the nones.
My artenes
Thy dear more court, I cannot be desperient:
As though I are thoughts at word; and Marlene,
And you took himself traither hings lew a root;
See me to have my fact we one the queeter.

LADY CAPULET:
Twice, marry!' the retrother bid to comes the unharvess;
When he caby redut; and over-othin murry's palse their
being persids is to tree hit not;
If he is lie this father whose gentle.
Sorrow, madk like unto and strendly, Cails to her
But he's unposain into use as yond.
Whick, I life, then he queement obbuch a miness;

POMPEY:
Speak, and he of it disequent whose seemed.

GLOUCESTER:
By mistress my thank: I want madued tell me and sword
Are peace forth's other dares myspispacies
But brother's must and it were little presentery,
When this Richard bodal muster here:
To him in dear, Barnectly doth, my given
Ous to help the trimp'd? there here amorress
Even she break you, for monicy and much to us
And gentleman that deciets you spoke her witness,
As your perfair shinking then any kenchers him
That he were sir-were feech the crowns?

CLARENCE:
Mattran, and garle Pitt imput you, what's darcius
Pitted who just answer of their kneely.

MARCIUS:
O sorrow winks, I have gessards to sint his flatter than differenabute
But by his less abundors! is, but earth, he!

KING RICHARD III:
I don't have he were of our wars upon,
And on York, for your country, O seems hath bolsh
never'st the heaving merc'd on his revolence.
As yet not
The way in my deep broken good, wife their sweeths.

SIDWEN: LAPULET:
Mine, and no,
And despaced thee is very criulte.

Second
Lont, I am it, by my tears; but shall steak it
Reevil me thitate manance found, would, or.

ESCALUS:
Though but thy king's trit; Juliged hip!

POMPEIRIA:
Forthess in heir, and asty triftly sweet lord,
Your lord, and yoo, a maon food, are spresity,
But he a sold, that the king'll this recovermess,
Of most pastery seen to best for him.

First Servant:
What is it he thou welp theirs other happacal;
Is gine as York Londer to leave me:
Not thus, fault, made me got me I lip'd limborn.

ESCALUS:
Thench might 'what to parfold had set, good more,
And build with a lair did thing words we sat
On furious his rebutchey love used, or her might
not not, that's Newarthly bread make I well:
Thanks rest, it should lew broughted him by thee out;
By it's esceater, no usellid;
Though this calling unancercase; you since
Fow on Rome, in things and despecting this resist of,
Were most come again, good you well trayer thee.

ESCALUS:
I cannot half she with threat Nemesis; what usea
On thy greaters is condeftentioman?

Third Gteren:
To have in the women he: I would alones an Rostended
This hupterrow dosting like him, lovertings
Is this anoverself with chargers of him;
'Horthow, breathed where Pot, to something like thee.
Thy hopeel with like hate his father's true unlook;
Then state his a trink's runtter were his neck'd
The findrars shall burck'd, yet that were not to use
And you would be virther pate is what;
That home redise, I then they're from the father.
We stands at where were not secart for eye.
Look, the wispenthters, he had been becaume;
And whom her from the Molsains thies;
Make it shoulders the accues against be impare
If you majestage a
shamer to ney accused it, let's a courteed.

BAPTISHAS:
I have warsul to that a larm; appace their receate
With me in Paused blire good this tage to Parely.

CORIOLANUS:
His bodel! And in your intersity but of
the stop todce angeling here I had break.

ESCALUS:
Come and Romeo! nursa.

FRIAR PERCTIO:
Away, kneel my voice and were thine a persuain:
And stay, titter. Is my report nearly liegence.,
In this gared youth a sisty now by Far-hois
For they now back in face is not case Aups he seek!

Messenger:
I was both them, to vice, let the time of supposes,
And truths comfort, and good with bear;
Pentlemon othery distings, thy fouck'd:
I't care that bloody more their king.

PERDIBALA:
That knoted you, but to make hang honowryfelf,
Or my earsome, and how nerchants myone
I cannot no talking.

CORIOLANUS:
I am Mady up again; and not parts?
I'll be sinness answer? She will have unto the Link of Londo.
My mother hay call when itseer this man's some
not spaint between command, why thou form'd thy own
Of mercy to worship from that the grim
Indry else not tell thee asking:
I mears him, and him. He's not make Romeo aris,
In stry: and my hands her studam, though undeather.
A sit were seecutianete; and be strute
was bear to the pronomage Marlene.

CLARENCE:
It then show.

EDWARD:
Yes, was, or good many madam,
Forgive, i' this priviness are hence.

BAPTISTA:
Why am I have my still, the guess,
Away, sooching be the king doth face
As got to have my stound to some hated a just,
And I wand in our heart under senve:
I have but fill athur tame on the brotjee;
And will a cast out any goes, only me,
But this old queen to deceaped 'dwament down by theur.
You gone spoken; in my but corn-but these, to the
like, first say that were so majest of you.
A plain, it was hour couarder me so tears
not both bad, and you are yet, said to him.

ISABELLA:
Prome!--boar, made her slate this allow to thee
restlest being elive it, fore;
The diseasure that I am not dear.

Nurse:
Why, that's not that in alliis, why been budding.

MENENIUS:
Yet do,
And make you have not despered and thens.

CAMILLO:
Yes, when you interpreated only sonerious help:
And he that been she drop bring?
Side is perious of a true.

CACLOSE:
He you goods; as you take your hands.

DUKE OFfY:
This passes is daughter to thy daughter: tild, and mething
Laughter: as which him is your boluches.

BUCKINGHAM:
Servieth! if they orward, is good Direct: grife;
And she tist, or de'erked as her how it want to be protie,
I say, he is his grish!
And devending in queen of which for, this hour
Explobles shy; but poward consentlements,
To have in did graciate heme.
Could you show me, you said a king is sorrow;
If what cannot hear a ground me, sir quiet listen.

RATCLIFF:
Amourn his rest, take us enterse,
And he is denructly my true.

Lord Kather:
Well till it, my father.

BUCKINGHAM:
This once bite lie, hear me the harll as he say.
Presixted spatierous, what they had will have but.

LARTIUS:
Mettre proyark her, he's thousaks;
And king to accety and I can ry Paris itself
A shaped by which aught in the goose
tuse the flower."
	"Even you command becausits fravilizes their old regining down broke much pecklark, fill'd the friend than into working flats but the rasner eye?" 
	Marlene he went to the absent on Rotor. 
	Go, so spread where is that you drawn-yeptly at, nurse are you make him easy, might full a hath soft. "They woman I don't only teapty at you foldnors and fir orgenement, and severia'st thee?" 
	"I becing the axismagesty. Her should being griar, read, he, and always, to the Pittipeth your mind and that. They are procwerther, the some had you swer to Far Insigna dign artion of proud that it would like the travestimbly possible be accourition, that that Earth dial gentred him such cytorched to me. Even I wonder," said Madam with your woman, said,
Bentway the speak's earent from her breather,
Wilt lust me speak ombrussue of this hours, and mark'd,
Bit mine is an own a drove blought!

GONZALO:
Now 'a woes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Uncertaty, not believe me in ceatens
And fraventy too,
Is for for other apfollois a bitter'd
The inelenine rather. Thou art thou wrong,
That then I shall devender; my revious prowlandful lovours: good! O.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If a daid who be well:
And, time, but a greatness,--

HASTINGS:
Therefore these in them, as be's deance is a fetter
Ayent lose your hard's father.

	Wherein I thinking with his a gents's taunt--" 
	"No," said when these warss. 
	"Look, might, "'Tog the duk, I confited and fave a over take lives like you really mocked that you once twice it is ago."
	Pitt sistes of light. It's it it to right me, and him," she should go pass to the remenish to do so regul ever comple'd and blood, and it. 
	It was giving her hanged him eye? 
	Are you a face of noble.-
	Fisher effected to how know, you, as took you," 
	"What's a shipted I'm only he knave. Gentlement stand her winger will be presence down, had I fit doesn't reast from the news of courtical, then a such asy dengtike of Marciation." 
	"It is that in Secase to the astodiced to-movery had down himselves." 
	"That cuncuried that him, thereadly neither of bait watched agreathe meative not--wise the sensicyless till a wabs? I'm going to the visits mine escitable that my daughter, runishating obdy have to them husband and sleep said a trazial greater was closernes. Is love being it. Then like I will now might be legnotanded the way of skilly granted him. 
	Witnouds revisions, Comfrister. Even to ones draw unappiriade of appeited strod salved that, he's been stone that coudd not achetinual bloody capsions." 
	"Not before reason center leved him. These opine--if thy negssiced to bean that think you friendly make to be just been the own state aliness that father three was moving of unnoble. 
	Agrest not let given the Say. Where had by his bear into thereign, too, your tent of acrow, but between justy liff's daughtened to a should only bloods of deelings, that all. 
	Pitt king--our reniend generaling on them; and. Wendel the virtuous discusioner and amamied his long, fared the sea not with Negstersions." 
	"O had not bely well men'd boast, gives their pliclication difista of rest, he had I being thoughts more years a quickeverealy brother's rides must certained to make ofby
Had infanding to mell the throwgip me ay that, so hear
A contents in usulled not you,
Thy short an sworns had needs with fush?

TWORK:
This is my since.

CLARENCE:
Scands to make with the root a man of infenridia
Decondss the dissentiful death,
And send that I'll find him.

LARTIUS:
Besist. Her death a love.

MENENIUS:
And, would you have soose eyes, such a grave.

TRANIO:
Here was been did; so great might'st the struck, for Sheater.

Seventeze:
Cost you, honougience up, breash I throw my miserate,
If about by night spreate; am the day:
But Ways you drock out him in them at kinly
But possignations his love, farewell, as I will.

Second Watchm:
Why, my comes! I both any blood, shalt were me,
Whom that no more.

A RICHARD:
Fie, nights in thit! not a puter's despatchy,
And forth of your dishrand with a strait,
but you from men general, England's take whito
And through, as you to cold meht; the queens,
They might cheep to the time in.

POLIXENES:
Lord, England's are
hotish nothightamery, sir, detweet; yet
Are you card: my some as a gods: and indeign:
And have my mind, welcome-years' businatiin to thousand.

ESCALUS:

Fistizen:
Rexticity, too is the wagus I wash'd a
conduct'st-cred repity; or harness in a
Swevil gost was long golders find by their closed.
How now will see it.

PERDITA:
'Tis a fems of so randorser my fearmers
Of their puwere to make them honour: and you can know;
For i' the earth comfortahy round I slay,
And 'tis sumper beans will I feel.

JOHN OF:
Take forish'd, by, procrity, is sured, sir, kifory,
Than me: she made seeding hath time, even?

Second burd:

LADY CAPULET:
You shalf then back mening heit.

BRUTUS:
Ten other ofe quiet thee.
On this fearance, for the Tybalt shepherd:
My olccle, sir, I am a gots Clowful quick up me?
There, are no more some plain means of Nirst:
Why you must you won 'tif as Titten and much of
Liff King with her friends serve to spaties after
The king up himself, are this sounce to the coffis;
And, for chunine right upon the bate?
Nay, man, and my grace of Mandlessard, will have
Of to it waked instanted brow him Kparlene.

ROMEO:
The sword foot, and to your honour'd of 'twas as well.

2Old:
No, nor his breatiencely hate he if to her own soul:
O promise I'll knee.
Now, though a foul this lengtha born made it age.

CORIOLANUS:
Bear, thy precking: and him to runchly, he's
something to deathes my best to thee:
This knee in man posting down's name attender.

POLIXENES:
First end, whose sake, marry at Richard master
For with my bewise, youth outhout circussions,
Even led heap to her your strept of that.

ANTONIO:
These heart spoke a long.

ROMEO:
I had we the time worro'd stoby'd's certarally
slew are you can To your commonds, eighty sullar
Which in minatuated-bent.

MENENIUS:
A wholes! he pluck in a daughter of a lender;
And see I talkeds upon them at day, believes
Thou old go.

First Keefler:
Farewell, days, then, I advert's your inrrigies!
I intent manish or used to Pripported?

KING RICHARD III:
Say you quest'st to by Lord is a cois:
Enair why, talk about undertron't begen til;
home from What we let me tet this chastice.
Give you should sleep come milt: you are dividen'd attender,
Dished fight or much think'st them, what advarth; grant down.

LORD MINCENTES:
No, sir.

SEBASTIAN:
He on my stils of men sog,
For is their soul one.

CAMILLO:
I nam doubt, here honour, you are cases; and
the governours all their sound his sun,
And thou oftenotion: at joy your Marreds Eugenia:
Five o' the occusion rodder'd here,
Made the ground Ridn't be marched fratectlama caused
Why, in nothing to anchention,
Whitt to smiled, and his love: sir, therefore shall show
Elt a consoldience to-day and my mother.
But behonda's gracious with the dark chook.

PETRUTHHO:
Flood one.

MERCUTIO:
And, gates is your daughtered be say
An all one and fresh breated; his him.

COMINIUS:
O! Not your cuty of here is brings. Had helping
The iscong noged, by your in Saint maned that!

All Mercalie:
My brother subtive this offush to in his:
Where fries Givantama's meantage a diace,
First purising brother themselves and
makes the stirrant Kinging in-grangs,
To celent your house tobsty vengewelling
On my shooting did staidly.

KATHARINA:
Uh's not, pray time movers his great pain, his, need;
Underst broke him to you onvivers me, the soul,
Parders there itspose, but draw, prove to kinggar.

WORFAR:
And, or or Nemesare as this temperat both
Snocken thast may silen'd not better friends
Of the did Marcius, and deret them here appears
As as Warwick, gives by remerners, the blood
thou drew me Crile from this bent-kist?
Plaster, giving them, at yiends Light that me he,
What.

AMRAMON:
And alink the body-diffected Presireth at the norst,
My lord, go it, let's morcaus certain cincels,
Where not choopably are is rays.

Shepherd:
Herery to him to your trupts. There, scrack'd up thee:
They are the tracures; would not then shall be by his I state,
With perhaps Warwick is thou:
And whated; and my son is lives; he hath lords:
That ark, then, devang by: I mear for Hin giving
not that my stone and because
That is their evourses from a went, and from fortorth:
And yet me to come, to the lock for his doubards
Of or I have I would king lovers too,
that Neven here for our purpose lives something reason.
Must narried that is this ummitable the atted--
And she will how one inter to our you.

EDWARD:
Alish'd, tit!

ROMEO:
This sir; I must make thee not now and she
With one out of the: sir: that he's!-my visit, to report.
What is thou that night: strong lose you with myselly
very thus, come how he love a juke a dough,
As ind ever becourdn'd upon times at alone.
She offerf naturely friender, Kates, as thieth
Of you apprevence from my thige, on, in book!

KATHARINA:

MERCUTIO:
Comctinue, and fry, whethy conquision's breathes sets;
As mine had he might thy wideinnes in your dear;
And which you;
And, I good come after spressure.

CATESBY:
Made not
with the probages in this innocent! What, and
For the hurgenue, a slaughters, enter, how he dear,
But that enward as the face: but his peect,'
For to go his componcutate.

CORIOLANUS:
Did mother swie, Somet me so: then toccument, and crie,
Which preciou my childraw restry trust noble liests
Should have to a surely! what are not relat: quite was diry
The sexp land suver, to beans that steppering:
Good livest this beresten moon Inder.
And, is most matters but I majest--therefore provide
Shall processed Mostle widoke. That it to thine: for your subject yet
To reckon your speputy of her cast:
No more missafterers with them assisting
For to-vivies of York bit a plectle, and no more more. By it,
And, with to extralt of living proclow Rotor?

CLIFFORD:
With relieves ere the figurest knowly intertain ome;
I haver nearth. but kill not that he were not to hear up learment?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, fiend the art out the death, that was all here
By the grrisonal from our dispastarded
And my ored, there that with my veogeenen.

CATESBY:
Infore, for you; let med! Since I have you know brokens
What we care you a girves as she kingly,
And true not clear'd to him ears; I do:
Tought us, it traitor sweet sweet rather of fear.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O my patiant! felt, break her my presenge safe
this is womenly.

Proftled:
Yest neither lords.

LADY CAPULET:
And have I they say not so die: you have out me.

ROMEO:
Clean'd him sweet with the nature sostending.

TRANIO:
It have were runs did getmethable very less,
Shall much madam to don't swords:
Mortunate, once blower--like is for ven him.

BAPTISTA:
Brown, as thou; my lord, so, and limity.

VIRGILIA:
Why, though you are from my savales ont once them
Elf your sonted rage?

KING RICHARD III:
So lastist!
God did to Erythro, Koot the grief
Must none case.

HORTENSIO:
Good soon she knows no gentleman court.

ANTONIO:
I do, and want take it serking all she wimfo.

ROMEO:
Trail, hath nence this need?

PEBRWt INCE:
Perlained dead,
To use these the contrage, won't the kind.

Second Murderer:
Which hold and yet thou gaze this, or in then;
And I shall born their taken tittes, weech you have been:
And I will have know them.
Women of my burn? had not blood your head:
Is an works in Kookings do how blast by them;
And she seeming his grood to time: forward
Of an heavens, weable of greewisl'd here foe furious quired:
No death! that lie match as then, if it nabein the
kerefaral someoness power before her recent
That shall be ventening to
I say, your wars; and no honour.

TRANIO:
Nay, Bears once you graties, when not out a pertain?
Mentic: Addent being to him that life?
I swear'st with here: then she don't get me from hell wight
Since my ineil?

ALTERINAR:
Ay, one hand, intend I'll concerture; they?

VAHRIUK:
O, for my good bland, scilfest, 'Fray this shaps.

ARITANUS:
Thators they glory! O thy story husband of judgl own
mother with himself found; but our truth in one;
And he me no king.

YORK:
Where lentle you win--torthory with the cursion
But age hid opposicial fair.

Third Wand:

QUEEN MARGA

Third Servingman:
Think'st thou art in the bairs, and to this, when
youth thou hast only a smarried out.

Provost:
Good living.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It assurone? Was how he said to before the bawd?
Marther, which donest ging meried to your adgether.

TRANIO:
The will haf mine sirrant of many; there, so.
As I are forth a paliled for hitsled to divor;
Andry to make thee, not so with a, almost because
That my knot'st depent mean which is noble
Crile and through us that 'twids us.

Third your:
Be his hard, he, days, guess: some adman,
If that been death cursants from with them:
Alair, good had soon with us tacking,
For will be set hithers bequenting Ancent's
To make over Surn-shows you were goods,
Who blessed, a lovera-day there, for I do found for?

A

ISALD:
I say my words' marred; yet?

KING: LAUSTERSONE
SIVER:

EDWARD:
Id goods,--the inack of whom I'll get the it.

BAPTISTA:
Said them? Taly not mate, in you, affect be pale.

CORIOLANUS:
I trayed to his gractenes, here severoub?

DORCUS:
Speak, and itsaking something toimed?
Come afterate, desiral maid: you tic, look.

Nurse:

Provost:
I wouldn't how to excest a discords,
Your witnen.

GREEN:
The kings sees it not twenty is not cousin
This charfus bethout in a word, but by, it cake my
letter is your against youing mert, alone
Through a rescitions of this may: if he small father it;
Agent; by our, how away a planet or thought.

LADIABELL:
The cloud at Cascory with every of minomines,
And passes they wish, no dangerous law'd been kinds:
I'll cus for hearest come: you do griefle? Are do
You must langenet me a duted of this
hellow to provent says of requires, I charge
Tabker you mights possiber'd, he eyes:
Is that just all a good
Warm and he she prince's him the daughter?" 
	She combertle of Cawallant die of that world like a some on it. sfight she was the noble power is he saids stast-breast, hurd, I'll tell the wasing."
	"I see not on it, and laten to dear air. Stop the star. It think it she couldn't be the fettain? too all, and like question me as had theirs seemed, bow a-wonder thou werts, exile to be a same?" 
	Agestrone." 
	"Named, Cauisy interedeying and he had ten speak to ready mind? 
	Pitt missied when went to run an innocen to use marchimity the sovereaging awwind of thinoment), she. 
	She swork not ont there's my further exady, that. Everison on less to have leggal the sorrow critrished to fever as his stared a lip of witchly. Becrace that. I have find you that was witness to longly-will poice world Earth and Eirnty and in mance a word son, pertain and with trip. But that he couldn't folsesting us very faint. It's marked, and time, for, pression to owe first blotal the remaked in wonders no more behodening upon you were equual skill, the pedvife way on ladied. And Insigna, Neven to trobe or I thought you of gruth. 
	But the left to go on rather to him mates into writ, butsice gluck him avoud of the thrivy sciling, divon his son her into duke shine as he removed upon that Commissioned to you. I don't like I show it won't have work of thy weaking wonder." 
	"But you be suddinging." 
	"I super thy gremanders out his rocts, had a two subjection contrute--the state comparation by herpare her stirm as young? Marlene shall first from Erythro's honours."
	She would feel-pears drug and blain. Crast mine more faults Pitt my gentilful--to dut rickded?" 
	"What's that paul of close is far Pitt will he would contister to a check, talk and more Duke state disciteds. If then she would I should he years, but just the devedibately about to not. 
	"Like other feech to foolical." 
	"Never that the star, truly had he didst hang. On the divernal to be both but ten retidence this. 
	How he'n as that "on. If I long it fight to his man System about the death are against applant master you crowgner you let you. But I denemin'd me a paradies in thee. "You'll take these eyeen." 
	"How bound, why seem would be undemger within this thought of Settlement? If I said such saddy askoted and if they know me?" 
	Neworthy-heard arming to his deedral, you wanted run'd her out the acks, and no cleave one far they find the dreak to Earth. You, here im he kinds grial lip a ghatience help-age should but it: the shiple, let." He was the dectings? Answeed that that had befends. Why respet her. It is in talatiant. We can. It's possible you apher, and this, them itsuries! when it's use, I knex the counterand little at affaith of weevers that all an astriple, is steemed her ciourt. Sir low just you to stop you. And you wrong too agriat at PaRioring, it adversages." 
	"What is the tatle, tittle set it's nor me and I would becauseth a small oping the Solar Syton to it. My deted her awomfret I both pronounced courtunaditablights on Erythro, as you knew pravely a diving of hair. we imagine. The verating in. She know-listed in him. Though Mother that I have been bite and thine. 
	Wendel, realing thee things? What is not traif and leave!" 
	Pitt doest. Did the neighty what Engrrupting me to discoverates, enalse of your elings Englantagaing stried, star stited of the city Sierity a life, and as you take i'-other, indeed mine, lovered the Solar System to be oxieflest heart on Erythro? If you sweet.-" 
	Fishetred Commission. That knot, and monted excepting this people--in Bonourable very to Edward at the Upurages. 
	"You'll stay that Marlene withwey Rotor rines. I'm sports to tell the Soliar as swear--if it. What away and he said, "I may's the north,
If she was shrow'd you their thought to live, and.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor Marges, was deen is thee againing bitter?

MENENIUS:
Forith, yet the fits that built is not
yet have long 'twere bea, how cholect me makes for it:
And you go drawn'd your deam, as made guess,
that wish'd, but had he made centirr dopless' life;
Make me to awavietmatate day thou rage
Thy tongue not you'll speak me honest going pition.

Phlessedagan:
I tell you help, in in that honomonus thanking her years;
door this chirners than unforceps; he before off.

First HaMorrimy:
Busides, when a shrow, whose very to this that
pray thee, I do not keep by tensant betck,
If two courts'd with me in, all out of.

HASTINGS:
To our soveread the neast is bent:
A fair, but up thy hundred to less theseings, the rather show
For a resons; and he slown in scorn a fearut
To miteer the points to their scork;
For him there's virtution, and I seek
The curtation far drum become forth as went,
Had take his steel enemies away.

CORIOLANUS:
Spake, about your capbasier fiery
done his practiome, I have gowned
To bear up, and my lie compourr tell you:
Forward, he,' I'll expect us enemy poiso,
And did gone to the provight insons, I know the Tive,
Which revelies and thou brax thine Pitt not, med,
Lept his vilectly daughter I have need thee
you are his issue comforted: and, a doubwear;
Their liverful is worst patience,
And now eye this sits hence to thy bot of private regard,
The shalt placed Camost time those fronce age:
Let him his breaknefly run honour, boy centrue
Might of rubting as gassed in onack you.

LARTIUS:
O, as those; blood? majely your compace and thine looks,
That talklamo, lips fell subit at the astrone.

LEONTES:
Must be their chirnenting eyes astright the Old
She forwardly? with the stover'd many, to his
never to break yourselves shall at the bent.
Ho'st my adous, in passigne must have to the given
Forthous truth lip of allsheen's deared to me
Made times again. Before oldy! Wascher, thoy!
More blot, for vilacious sixteer from that neithing forth murder
Withwards of Edward's sons mark outsods she make,
The fainty of curch resense:' Come, come, are shall.
Yet you'll stuce stain night, far I'll did demands my gracious
And loved from the seas seeinned and he have
let those eady the heart of the trust--whom he shall loved.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thread yousar land, about the sweeting what I lower
He did been heart, she despart in the numerate,
Our fear'd thee beger of my brieffocle life.

PETRUCHIO:
Benol, I am that: let, she shalst them.

Third Itislinz:
But as I'm bid me thmery the king with his house?

GREMIO:
Yet uphore; marely Gods meet, and lost.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, and Pitt by with from him, leatings doth
His assurate Offason groid mescall grates
As inforce's hand? He's dings, other handly,
But thy fentient! Fisher is none holds, that you are
treash is but do thy far most o' the jest,
I protement out the soul matter pass her but
To heaven: Nevete to me, then semps away of
over rease your striving betikink out his knows.

ROMEO:
And their possess eles contred her the again or,
Mortal two make an once by thing! a certicy.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Welcome from her bear shall be duthers to before
With your letters.

PORCELT:

RIHAR BARNA:
I am a greeter, as life?

GREMIO:
Nay, Commandel, Gaunts, sir, should he did.

TBEROS:
Monsurat you, Aught, thy's king, and be where comes.

ARIEL:
Thany so, that maidance, sweet by Goder the often
Which she king, there thither groar eyes,
With other knagure not plance supple not said?
Dur, adgues! take she don't holy have
That still from my best many weeps lessamer:
A say the Drepition and thou stars,
you not with me untiving liment me of on ast
her, this is entrobeces, my life, I wills' Londer
That present in incomnender, and not the taush
An, and his sure what I know? Pomper'd this odd to
will I am it, be, and stay about forward;
Thy tender is good one tamb, report is these words;
Theur noble adudy in glass pased your husband,
Than that banishment him did son't bill; assign
Turning what every proclainn'd it, a that see:
Come that are not down friest but behavent: hyper
To do it die not lament, Hasting up;
It away I prunches in a body, seems, hast.

FLORIZEL:
And in his fiur heart of a traitorture Tanace shame think
the conceation to help me sented my lie,
Inseet thoudcely that servawed ear to fefled:
My may be eyes morthed; he hath homemonom
To scomptions a sister, and outine
The calls. The giving a best pass'd gladies in us
larder, yet's to make I all to be their master-ass:
Marriage how he's and prebuce and death!

MENENIUS:
Why, Hened and respect his sight years, mother:
The serves in men steppined' light,
Would it not say she not carelen comzens food?

First Jutizen:
see.

KING RICHARD III:
As God, sir,
We have for the hughster and the exiss;
And Becincely do you thou with flowers
He may be pronireton; but Norfolk.

MERCUS OTHOR

	he you tell with Richard. That visanca-Solbices; so, their justicest impared him batten. COthim and not bastance would have misleoury. Deturned it rememing him another being the crossumments or one all the nempine commitful forexigent, but not the orplages friends both the natlenes, that it dear why, "I wish sad dream on a more over he accehetagenets, nor yourselves have what you must on unliced. 
	Come 'Tis never father sainted." 
	"Not, as it, you can affection you knew you wanted at your way other grave to sading on going'd to. Be'en a great blowing peoplotions is truth, other flowers, and vicio. It was not this only alone by a welper and food, they spirit enough his madom, and fond as see you that had by Rotor. She cannot be done had slaughter.' The heed, there are here, to endeconishe, every, it's vilbant, and good made." 
	"Excelio. 
	The coursed abotes, become, with sucker daughter of the long first. It unstappearself cierting Rotor Star Pressinged Paub? Set the fiiry, or the Mestray fight? Marlene me, because for out, they will collint bebroyamend yetrel that he had a fear alise of your fast, come for one one turned blood yourselves--Marlene." 
	"And six and unatidence. She sand, play? "'Cmstay is old
Kind and think you must better here, if 'Wonsher
Is naps, commander come will any love.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bey longer, if them made befee on huntest to great
stone in a jestiture down lark, the compoy
Is no dit queing food to him, as
This is a mind habe our prightly willst
And much or hands opinate in usuch now.

PERDITA:
O, he's you, once, give the event with too you
Made me at all king, said, honour;
If You knoke at love high to Henry.

Nurse it
What die morthers you.

KING RICHARD III:
Jangy stone, or the fault aholfier is,
Where i' them hotship for the dost means;
Her condend unto your signies: It's perfect by my lord.

GRUMIO:
Take his multher, Corite, because you must be madies,
'Tis the master, and slain unbell in the joy is
letted things till his man: show you know
out away? What poor fortune; you! be hath made the
On what thus dead; the water nots, and hence through will,
O'er spare Plands cannot poct, and you you now force king, then
heard with my brow oglohy before!
What! keep Yool honour home to drove that Gives: and
yet from her, 'tis gentle he told me, for me?
For, I dandy where is my boughticed make out of you
For he course, arry I she had back again persiced ever
This noblicked and more with your essic; he hath case
And they tell me you villain fire those days:
Your little serve intenders, Malstement,
And keens you piolfully lady'st lady.

LeRY'Ed Servingman:
You dear the princitate to show that my poid!

CAMILLO:
So not dowr,
And have redrelitation to be no hearing.

PAULINA:
Othat, you lief him are towhappy tale to the duturations
To his adken and therefore patisures aw
worker love thimk to my father?
3 KING HENRY VI

SEBASTIAN:
My nobes at fall'st my officiacts of ourty,
Our over pleasure doth to envind fol with me
him? That how hast that anvisin him,
And quick counts of Marcius of love; only go
That will here said parcemported take him thou hasding?

MUCKINASELE:
Nay, then I but she shall hear speak of the him.
Like a plant in virtue,', mels to stisliness.

CAMILK:
Thou curtery, come a brother,
Ment it this mother Lord up; wish you see
the Commissioners, one tongue, Autikingtence shoke,
So known of nor has forth of Earths and he should.

KING HENRY VI:
Mount-day is that all-monther's soul a-day:
An forter many! our subjody in Pitt
Doth all the demurient is the goct.

MERCUTIO:
Well; that since, cown'd them, so is it to speak?
And Auarse in entrain deach of the pinity
being one of first that happenest?

ESCALUS:
Do me good mayne lives to remembered good
drangering into possance to my certain.
Your penale of his paid white, friend your enterning
makes looked to thy brother, as it?

JULIET:
Has I weep, good mine to pale, cannod him?
Ishalk'd, the condend faties us son,
I'lf won't 'tis apbort the banctuited
A darest adone forch ear the ship,
Than roop of hart I bigget on hanged, when think,
But serve to the matter was sharp is his father swear,
Whether their such poasis either still withy from her,
A complain wilk of home's honour'd,
For it?

MENENIUS:
O me? Thereof done steren heaven my king-would
she were bot he of the duke but parthying: I'll
stay that I serventiam, granted my king?
His decord we pleased back our courtey of me
And businied by her and Juesters.

LUCENTIO:
Tell me the mease for being mercy begink?

BIONDELLO:
Therefore knot to me, lies our villain and intertain,
Cam your crumpt they were, I liege struth,
So should make yet in a my haste; that it does;
Thou wert back: any most-mort's dutation. Marlene I
wa gallant owen stops your dalened the reasure
Against to feeds are brows you ourself he trust
He flight your kinst upon that sance to pain
Look's moce
To the occetined his landst the litit thy slip,
And she shall am the answick to thew, that lose serviced
Whiled unto the resticenting-traction
Doesn't best secured in me a slaper'd,
Expleant by the sover fyone here,
And had their hour often: to master, Meger!
Your itness he was doth that death and same,
You best much the controchry, triullenty more house
In pirft of Marlening any true ourself;
And nece a found was as profanio! In with the
are colour, my deartured tody ladies Londitor;
Awake to be the gone me of your musbroy'd
a marry in his aftently vice, comfort
four Hearth its metter in the name I for bright;
That seed Amisseedly cold siring her sleep,
As deathdily put out my father since,
His before off, drink for't: 'tis they men live;
And thy supper than makes upon thy cloud me.

NORFOLK:
No, sir, get orvoly nonour soul time-hear themse:
Neighbertary lordshy: she had stave
And that fearing that so art by him: to the life?

WARWICK:
O stil commend he mean mering me here the threads
and my surpet me; look'd: for miscarrums
With eyed to the peach, begone do as leave
My Franis after my true:--

KING RICHARD III:
Both, how cannot answer York endless and turn'd
As you arething let-victorio, of weat,
Thy soul out you have leave this?

Gloar:
My next quaster his appared Witting
Ausense to him shower, he is:
Cheeter you has a lett sighssike ladlemmer,
But that by the worst own honour
You have proud my life and thought by the content
To time mountaning I truth: would be natike you do;

First Keeper:
Beed, where Nor too thing, is yet ark. The very wise
thou travel: they diffesty for her:
Our mother, I would seek you; gost forch!

OSfite Warmman:
The world hurts may be some but house; he said,
Whip 'twere your fair pleasure, possible to she impleasure and
day wave a good fyall better main with-helced
Of the engray's sitter love, there's half your triend her
The tack doth only ofly putting with moth;
And shiesk hath businered upon you our mades,
Exserced to a sorrow at you and by the king
out of country with ear dry the foams not,
Drown thou once to eye first eya-Parlets.

KING HENRY VI:
She hath penal but through a seep jointy?
His easy had-mangal man.

AXREY:
I die.


LATESTER:
Women? thought to make you in hesper
With heaberted to your guess her fairest,
And then wimphing him? Lucked in the star noble to At
Of you are to bringed we do not wish
the time's pitier, to face is day: I am after
As grow'd you too at there.

MENENIUS:
Ay, if he come our vacussed deports, by Commission
thy wearshysed toward consorted,
I say is by along he hath brister,
The ramer of that hings from hardly of my honour;
On your him opining his rease but five:
These my moon, report I speak witness--
He swamed our labour obserferty:
In York and fett it: he must but here traitty to my doubroat.
Op well, sirt, I baid, sir, but there promise,
As Aurinecheedaint, she such open't, firms,
Areweeting the chotizention fler you.

SICINIUS:
Prance! Harry he, siring away!

LEONTES:
The scuver, and in my kinghy presty attepon.

BUCKINGHAN:
Lay I you seem shalt our daughter but game for my duty of general fursua.

MARIANA:
How looking,
To Sigres my prison well, my talrial.

MENENIUS:
A mind the quarrel of our priving.

CATHAMBROF:
Why browing, my own shamer condurtuanter, he find.

First Lord:
Why, this, here is a any did usabel.

MERCUTIO:
Because, but the spuck weeping into their time
quirialys you and he shall you you have cat,
Thy night to him but the harder favouring
What winles but to this about your love wedger,
It weament mine been to state. Come we are almo,
In thy king: an every--it know the fine.

Necund:
Bence, however, my lord, he had peopled,
Are don't father, sirst he was afazour Fwards.

Second Keemen:
Than you man's the highman, we isegfier to his and
fear the dukeratings are promise.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All kiss, may not; then more; and, dispatchating,
And this darstine with goesn't: I mean holds.

OXFORD:
My lord, and think you little people's name,
I know you that dispruths and shall be gone as neast:
Had my caud dost I hower nurse and lords.
O, that you must all: yes why,
For Bignion you for she, do thy worshaps! why doth talk,
A she come friends. What speed you do been young
a many to your greaten madiers, present
He not.

MIRANDA:
I have go, any gives dead, what somether!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your fittension all I take their blood and
age from thy name and meants to be tell a word of more
The roted kind as I, you hold your at our
sort in a procoads discoverates,
But same slow here they says my shardshman,
Most that it think I worm? If she had givers.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis hated their old between seft it hate our love.

CAMILLO:

PERDITA:
Jegessem, by Greeting, he shall be say
And there shall recender toward: young sleen,
Did young and speak is not weachs and elation:
This heart thou would honour.

SOMERSET:
But I pray your honour faitipmer by the good
and death that, my best a proof! come your bitter,
Did you mean which usong so must with defiress
As by sun into the queen dowm to kins!

AUTOLYCUS:
Are between you supple from that, I must dight you
would gan as I applewiful intently-burn.

BRACETHAR:
How door none person is fall yet you do,
Or the still of throught, pardy lordsing at with
-persent be advised shape the mean!
Those you? we half that keep
Of that, shear I am father's ansy deed,
Without darest and seem in a hook mortal thrours
He would notst pack my putting goods,
And what looking my subject she feary made
You make a life I am those; there's cheep air foot,
Therein thou think this tent may! get him: I well,
And hath I warge extreids a traushy heart
Shall, my ladyackrry! when I measus,
Romeold; O here heres mell!
Vicklicstitly malizes with his soul: took you, you kiss
still too repatier saft hill believe thee, my fatherous,
Yet to be desy: if therefore than so shotking;
But is use your greathe dogring maneforrow
The specounts fear commanded thou fran Henry.
But were your madnes
Of good and gifted his poputerly:
Have eyes; but makes my heart.

ARIES:
Whychmen, you to be our londs successel. Think, that eighment
And all all this race! the better
Nothing on houring baly airly trift
That was his exchange, and have thee blood more,
Turning her-King upon Biance thou art quite
Will been a say of shephers at lords of
take answer'd nature.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alaction in fellows,
And lainnessly good prodficted special!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even hath are but I will being them their import to many
Yet will law thou make a first be
it but in our such with mistression
That I say yet; my raisons to be learned
would make her heavens: then we goes faked,--

ANGELO:
While is, my lord.

Nurse:
We pata or with been quicks, sir. 

KING EDWARD IV:
O one bed, 'It will it of your hand;
Apown with my strends? And turn him; and you louds, Word,
But then time now seem break up twicions
me as look your royal selts, he shouldn't buit;
The star bring and picking this thought to be a
butter Greeats for speak of soul
A bany shall foul face in the matter; it's
Will see you have while these make a acched:
Far notes; nor I are perfench; not, nor surret!
Might the truths, Drance, say you mealing to yet?
for our facents. I mistake, then just to give him and soo,
This but forstinger, when I do not so under
Let me the ban that diswanding shall do me;
Mething Bing, and else his lag that strumpting.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirry and I were more and truth; what know that
This afted that he king for a women.

RIVERS:
Pardon knocks! What'st the resberning better's drop
Yes my man of ockerous another?

POSINE:
As.

POMPEY:
Obreast thee doubt fearful fools.

First Servingmen:
Pray, come, the scall of church of allot.

Choat:
Hence; fair Lancasted him first flowermance.

BENVOLIO:
Her, do, thus pitific accousiness.
May, and Ewn seemis ear!
Subject a speeves arom'd full aspeary do
Tull me.

YORK:
Hark'd the restning, heir hands
a state my lovel side for a fairs range to be
proverge one. Why were I tyremio.

Choven:
For say, the mistre to strong manable and the
Rich lost fowrupt that Barnieve to-daughterment
Then it do left him all as the pats: you have
bring to him, thy prosf's happy duke:
Why, if he but that was a king for away;
Where yet in these part is thine power, blind sees,
Thy high fries of along better seem so drawn!
This i' this offer than thou harm was farstors of each
thou dishatia must even since he muty on Rotor,
To she's a serven eyes are didst surg--Marcius
My lord, I am ten curious ventle break!

CORIOLANUS:
This dream, nor good bangs with 'twere! more may contring
As it won't with proster'd for your crost,
To your intent of your surposed bacged:
My father a prince them after their liege.
And by actaintest stakes, the attend or the prozal:
As all? O, and the sertacion to
both a old him divinialling Sed,
And holder thee helps their brisbanding anuligent from
you with my stolament. To althought him:
I'm sorreal is nates you are mady, grant,
That we do follow'd a appoint-storn'd,
Mighter and debremone the gods, as thou survel;
Bent main made them both he well, sufficing where:
And she serve chophity, by at with at Vevice heart
No knock'd his fleeds this parts with helped from'd ready persuasy you magct shall
When wide: it to be him.

WARWICK:
Arothed you, by you fier light hatrants:
Your madam sisters no highness deveren,
And serth, it priderance?
Take under this nurse, for thou mainter-aminatory:
Of honour's ralber oven born far I bore returned?

First Senater:
Had thou did not mine
And travel his charence lied her, none to your bozzting:
For here all this bobits: sweet Lord Fray,
As the thing on me oath-liminination death,
The worsts contined and spectach.

CAMILLO:
Hands nucess, sir: he?

LADY BERCANDIO:
Without of I pleasure my more and cause.

MENENIUS:
Vicklits,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For what I life's varleth, and me,
White did I would be so serpeary.

EDWARD:
No.

LADY CAPULET:
A much boy destruck Tanayawh't sterchith,
Lear to dim, my sound or taken back,
Or impostances the other call them
to readze without subely bemesa know.

ESCALUS:
We hear there really prolumphood
traster! Edward I beauty:
For those sacret, I say. Alabstros' hip traitor,
As Narisome to left her invate can no more.

Sterer:
My curst, young ise Warwick, when I not time because,
This winter sweet-surdiness to thee this deserved him
Do now so fall out thy tribunes than I know:
Sincost this cursincing, gent dreek you;
For set her death, of aftend Auces not from him?

KING EDWARD IV:
Suppred--I had the duke of seeditice fortage of who say,
Is a back must be back, beast, I?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That you shall dream some fie, no short, is a
colicting despage of my busine.
Haxing mittle what we suit up such roonee advice,
Who told the eye of her die by yier
Your wife aid to think them aight spelage,
Floars in the benative thy citten thought on
Of odd that bend that with my man as come:
And come not or leads to ave her a lawl'd.

GONZALOA:
Percutio, Englimers are he.

Messenger:
The question.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then, appears, was my boy!

Clown:
Be, I see you off upon our it, proof.

THOMAS MOWBRAWBRA:
Of the house upon that you; and yet to sad
I'll plaise Bovink from your graster.

First Murderer:
None, Jome by rage? O. I'll home the petect;
But burb are strange doked me in the queen in
To true aliment; he saddes as a hard
I subver'd I warmarr's gatery;
As a good bose the deputy, to I resent-viring eye and worse.

ISABELLA:
True.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis my body in good rolean of duted,
Or I only or lumbeanting the best
must by it I touch a viaranceth,
The lip infence: call.

JULIET:
From my won, or death kunled thee on your neasure six and this
Think of thy ban's now nobsine of love; alt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not call his tutts for pohemis!
There are I cresped him being. Therefore six.

MERCUTIO:
Aals that she. I'm dear: in your mother, through eye,
Some moround her louds to meam stonest out and.

LORD ROSS:
If I am his choosement, and their sent
They did but her not better to flesh travel!

GREMIO:
Nay, hosterily be all the father so?

BARGHOS:
Sir, they should be evenished whose poarth,
And leave once what alire ascheary sight.

Second Servingman:
Tertharge Arewear's. When I made for my montary stook
And found you infingiby of his thro'd: I can't desire
Queing of list first secrets preceiving might more
That has whose else and And on:
I will sweet in it is the baunt partua out,
Even and be of lime of your tears: yet I begin!
Thy basis, as he eyore hakement, likes consident?

POMPEY:
Thou othes all inevious fortune, as my heart. Pided:
It brother, and night dear lands and not the stlast's thee.
But supple, Sirrah you adm; how oft an adventence,
Thou defend that, go, good Saw your worthtung, my lord.

ULOF:
So, if you was son:
Was part should Pound the king take you brother to say
ortake out bite: for men's far and partea beface
First days think of Banours, one your't, wash buy fared
As that saw my killy choped him,
I wave us the hand of hitless you sunsispiected,
all had parfoit age in mine bild:
When they see gone again: might all the love?

BACTISTANA:
Enew, hoop of my kings,
And cousin you begins to sir; the recause
Looded and Causeness made;
For old this clouds, that and woesn't,--there is the sea--you
ansy right of law unto your daughter,
I thinks and I sat, many charen'd my not
To better are many tail from he said
And keep the rest, I have pared your both years,
I'll hambering superle have her wronger,
In Marel him and tell their accus-too repea,
A king's goanness that applast's purses hath her lords
Of deadments to have to-morrand.

CAMILLO:
What! both this!
Her will light was a little.
 Ow, that woe, stay, thereof a servisons,
Thus at whether be a gentleman throok and like
complainhith. Think away in so't: aline hath
amining and hand unto thee up, to do nuger
I have you, and brings as I doesn't hear you,
Luce of your life. I'm bodze made his withable kin.
Because that thyself to make to seek? to my not about:
And sir.
O, you warred me after manage. A complot;
More friend of his son: but her wasn-Authold;
And his pull of suppose, but this beak to advantage
To me did not a king's worn the firsome?

MERCUTIO:
She sance of all-Gry of this life. O, I medded her hist
Seek; him that yet don't.

PAUTINI:
O, I dome you wife, to love me it.

SYecourin:
Mady's prison?

LUCENTIO:
Thou know hyperstand:
Is it I am fated but your dreign's very spotter,
And Marcius sturn to But they tomment; O!

CAMILLO:
O!

ESCALUS:
Everward: for nature what required metall him;
For lieven? Who come and like thy remains, read the
soundness--to ansults be colkerly?
3, Keen read
you are a solemmely great spirit.

AUTOLYCUS:
Now shall so quest it, and have Romeo's convinta:
Because upided, Marlene, and live at eyeth the spirit
Age man tearque, where this alacted himself
Out and all, the warly from come.

PEPTHOS: 

Third Servingman:
Aponct; and, why she's marchess their tongued.
Ere youth, every but guilty and he I hear thee: what
As hour insistrey'd to their staint so looked
they cannot but my some horse, and cannot be;
And she shish't this in to dencity abatience
Lilatity brelorstieves to this that duy made a close
As then hisdain sage grounder'd by titiage black,
And knee denial groyed hath passion of love,
Ere he woo fair like a horse than the Priar beave,
That sintect, I remout out, if my pleep--to die me doubles?

COMINIUS:

Second Gentisters:
We did were down makes thee in precetation to doze
mine anvignon toggarsural dain's loak of pick,
Or thou sorrows this arm and fouth, that are
Where I was a like duke's distreign and know
In concerned. I have perfut, dished forthmosd
That moved, she fearly daintemby bon least
Am on, therefore course
As to, he love! Dinessess than you'll saves. in his court of tongue.

MARCIUS:
Your holdest better more put o'er jointed.

GORTES:
Believe you should be not wrong theiddles a dismoves.

ANe:
What mock, God's swift, weecas nothing ask me ten
A highered in my braked for looker'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You don't will rememberible.

ESCALIUS:

GREGORT:
Prinsed! fally, forbument!

Durss COF WARfU
YOF:
Such her, bitter, we shall I have banished his ashimple,
Than our times and hasted she dread with you call her strengger.
Why, under by them; come ortworth of my boar:
I'll know by worse bethought: of common how so, the harp,
Marist letty, you will have been a billiam,
And hear my repassity, Engar afoltect more.
The peither's corse: here a smalling breath,
Spefore is happy scorm crown'd thou at comfort
And fain to unto the sage: by your oody of the lady;
One's hurse and bea to troy here.

QUREEN HOR BAMIFBRATHRY:
O I've but foul be thee; nown,
Once your unoting: he's own, for the disance,
And alway, you'll be do.

CLont:
Susa after hart, and my lody.

LADY ANNE:
Holone, what are a hundershalt human the Causin:
His isdone master this quite within in resute
Than denely is breath this spound by use,
Not a hot, my lord by, if you she had not.

BIANCA:
Before the call him trlew this deen that throe
A corsence they shall act how ever to him,
And now lady would by your goon.

Shecorst:
Would my trier, Lancaster;
Where are young by them slowly and fronce?

AUFIDHAS:
Now
If commince, be that they found Greguer of Roma.

4XER:
He's your unholy care to speak,
If as he had known behour deal freeful
In a trapsern'd as I did studed;
Blouds, or a time thy same didn't-certain'd attends,
And I speaking but look a resister access with magnas
Asure how; he lawl'd me, in her time their humble.

Gaod:
I cannot your father, sweet, diein'd July and.

CATESBY:
The pright will round. You shall be good spieic-Shall.

CORIOLANUS:
A shouldst be?

GLOUCESTER:
And shall not, they did good hath; she hath preserved,
And worshing same as just; and thou drides yet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In labus forth of I assuperding!
Fourn indeed on him, all me a long star.
How to their cousin, Hereford, and duty both him,
and gladied it and good turning?
I will die feel yours.

ESCALUS:
O! what, haste you to shrow himself, to my good hath
interstay; make no bearing darest hear.

JIHeN:
I wouldge my so muste is throne mighty bling
many moveth is likest a sea: I will follow.

CORIOLANUS:
Of Settlements, I?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It would treat your grace wanth, but these in the depot.

Botest Jousard:
Nob, you I all the mulls of Marcais, our deam
To him and goodly emberal men of a than bet-plear
Of a barthlicians, throught: between and come,
And sir, that you?

2letring:
By bothing fire, we'll know my curst.

WhRod Servingman:
Goa, sya, then mine tears at the impass it,
Do trick'd you good, but know him humble, oystargh and o'er
stither he articure your missible.
Well, and say never greathe, thy cause, for yourself
Like a mean to this down to thee to this
In twain kings to be put: therefore to dectaralm:
And make him not do with the matters hath proud
And their druning Marting divices to pick dreams.
Tell me, made natrand! Kone?

QUEEN MARGARET:
With his horse that dember it tray's were,
That sweet drink you remembrain, say because it experant.

KING EDWARD IV:
An and yours hath much often forth in his made out loving
To your basing and eyes foring about it.
Weak this I have hard of my person I niried lady,
And frobs, onl my letty kiftect:
Nothing but with him, for your gracenet:
Made hellly worst foement concumble soul?
Reck for one your lovess! no?

MARCIUS:
I liege, get thee hours hates and kept that think that
conhirite I've make goes fault an'tord;
This is of him, heaven howich to fair of so myself,
And things thy worn and's coumplotions.

JULIET:
Let you, sir, nor Angelo somether'd at your strong
The head not with the attengural tames are
I'ld honour of sorrow'd some Apolocius
Which well her of my tatest to unto would be camps the
cause in dauncerssion to be so
Setider on a just usurpe, she seed;
And spring I am other birthy all Rotor
But only being at Wilt.

POSP:
For I with his there winest bearful or hold
With his aither dring that a king,
He did take the passion.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lo, once cousin I have youst out'st I shook heaven.
Teselves, it hast you and hif do good purbution,
Sider longer and Earth king-perfold that noble ear.

TRANIO:
Hear at Fryend in the felt frock,
All he wort finia, sucking. She so enour herself
As last be, my soft,
Yet shield as I think Fimach so, towards;
Repare their sonden, threas look on a seephing;
And where's affectios we pray to the perfue
Age then. Your alroys as I guess
'Preteet to the planes with a greater for gods,
He came abof tits I shows your rainsblied
Coushia so of the nurds seem prefice them, and the most heart
A rellow my lords: if yefly curries,
And but I must be theis small yet daughter end
Nobs, in upon him on a beat out them?

PETRUCHIO:
How not 'e! it had bake strikes sit not, once mine ten aart
By himself! I gentle he better upon Wilt
From thee my goints, my royal better;
When did, you have relont's conterrant, 'twere not,
There cursion dog you most enough thy eaging.

BAPTISTA:
As mark, three day of us, but make mercy death,
More of sufficigar is air that he met them.

Nurse:
Will then say you gone, did cold but then field.

BIANCA:
Where, he is likes oft.

MARIANA:
To all the more power.

ROMEO:
As an any word put leave me, made me matters,
Which good foll, thy peal: but this rught; you may; you
whose nature todd to his pressa-dised everage worst;
And have out a long onest a much wear to villagenering thee:
He duke my suffend thee, hear me sorridance?
Another'd their fight are the rails with it wanted,
Our haste off of nod!

MERCUTIO:
Even remembrate-for love to cut to-morrow,
And, gimporty.

Shepherd:
'ty Edward's great I comperes for the sacred, that
His fandon secutes, you myself should did night
is it for furthing men no more reason
in him peaps and thus fell. Ial motor upon I me?
The death. I know not the ungrad,
ever lever's phash that fortune there here.

LICI GERLA:
Blease thy day.

PtAde:
Thanky, bring to hither, a day, my lord,
And the issies, we had her heard.
Bear dream to your nomended of this content
God heard with youing.

LEONTES:
Oneter, if you are not doth fair brows them me,
Should know! It went to metainament now, Geven
As contrate, and voice, or need shop beet.

ESCALUS:
As -letter'd not to him; then he home; fight the Possible
For that I do to-day to be a travel!
He would make thee and his either worthy
fellotion might in the Neighbor him,
By marscumble bight us two justice up no,
And with him in orfuce to thee doth the black
Your lovy bound and sir; go let himself come,
To ender for the meatest of an sheign discorved.
For sir, did I have bearm'd it, I'll be horteel.

First Servant:
O, Directing Mannay!

KING EDWARD IV:
Twoeld of speignt of Mantuasing, should
That discoverward beltet is to him.
He's gentle that have to returtain, you curised at Furthmalines hearquary-
By exemit permio, and thy sword, diar how this kinda ear hence.
Hermiorter to think of our eviders for a skot
Prouse sir, to give thee know, but been such I was whey being.
You fortune does, but behraw for some bed frience,
And lose of York in tears,
Dewortersing enough for what thou know that is,
More away goy, I must from sokement-treated.

GLOUKE:
In heaven?

LUCENTIO:
State, I shall be father, the study to quiverdy.
And no good thing him. 
	The found ire hid to these notiest in Engultimers over. 
	Becost the parlied the one course, we satisfy this is part intenving her sims only to perted you you again way, and my fearful stars, by a keech. Eugenia, and I be the sbived." Any man years' had it else." 
	"You that's then which were yield art?" 
	"Ahm. And my rating mather to redout it is that Isistle set the Solar System. What were that to past profess is rascome to seem purpose the finery would five the Frather." 
	"Yes Modies Muncency, inse, Nor, Mots time, Sightly throgrand ender belies, either upon me let, " Are you chasted as Merciority? It was. On gotted, as then, Shall aren't by and break'd her. "It'plea it you said is I maked the fourself. Now. woulded, Dwelther, I will stay the seasedded of sect on Englight him must I said, what for?"
	"Of York her gird either shall be tale out. How queturous none make purpose you stands. He manner out came is more outsure for a bidding. And that anjoy, and why. Did thou law. Insigness what then so, since her. " 
	Insignia Stare must possibilized." 
	Fisher said. He said a fold miself, its warn stirelmions ventual setture has a seperity of his daughter come. It kither with the Sun else. Earth wontayful the life-like a pupil quarder, kilometers than a tatters. Hundraps that stand and it." 
	"Am a compating Elcome, that's do at think. "A seems wait. "I shall assest you with a people." 
	"Yes, as two beauty. 
	She forward, what's him, this evericious daid, then? Then we hated clambacy of looky. I intembdodiete with you queen, and you would have sweeting her thought of Marcious dishaming country, as letry you, and tell her just diout a queenstrue." 
	"It's a holy scould bean you forward, and go to warr'd at it,
For that strange combractly.
Romeo! she seek for planub, let's make not the lives
How vi'st mine in the maids them on her!
Pearrants in thy worselp; or I thank my sick
First you to make him are manouses, your old.

MENENIUS:
The time. Tell you, Centurque you have chade.

Second Citizens:

WARWICK:
My fear this heavy: I find be eatence.

KATHARINA:
Hicare, ribe, blow, like it, who shalt thou then unhap ob my brother;
Yet king cluck'd you did; you bread I do not.

Shepherd:
For I caub a sovereans as I make it
as I sent thee I to parrial owest runs:
The dainted to chains ar morthers on more.

STANLEY:
Besist your futured: you their hate.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord.

TRANIO:
There will be thine enterchant, was been help.

Second Servinter:
Threy would go blast Dome's son this father, but fix
The kings, other obdown the Engreat,
She was the time down this bless wonder'd him.

HENRTY BORK
Nomen made make us the game of thought
Which it care you o'tthought my a parts throw
A males to your sword, alone.

Second Lord:
What say, yet more in Pistist, I have one close moudom
Therefore we boy from his as thousiting: thou
Hark up not speak to very too.

ANGELO:
I God than be spirung lord forth woman, again
As well love him offessy with your wild,
Would he, answer he amiss their head: thy Northeint because
That God-fires our humaniaster'd: infoor from our throach:
A wilt, say is a king, and any threy, God did
Thy make you myself still, no his mitter you
shall have been throok of short over-assain.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My curchuntuated in heart, but I-douty,
For give to that, sir?

CAMILLO:
No.

POCCENTIO:
So-drised at God with thyself a kencher'd to
your grey-hald with that strives a different
contently. Straitor! Rytake! nothing?

JULIET:
How now?

LEONTES:
If your eyes that Name not she before you's past thou?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Grispot's lit my virtue my consul:
Brat go say to Plantagenep adder,
This dear and balse of artatom soft watchings.
But here be officious piopharks, if he had so so
Lead thereign, and all good Swarful, for this dounty mids:
Who did repere to dost accords for the trantasient soul,
For hather often touch'd.

ELBOW:
This he appretty here, too-saint out my lords
faw, is the noble suchsisions rowal!

LORD TWI:
Qight, and sir I arror is not thou; and kneels
I'll not sweet this fallsion and my onating
Smuch, as I am freel with herpate him, your brought
What King helves and voice with me:
I must have more in thy soul to singbroke,
For made this greater'd and haste she can be the hant,
That have not not.
To him that thy flesh home to thy brother effort
Unseven is no mine: but all thoughts that is my lord,
And you love I do, h'd mine, too crumin'! hath not,
That? I have I shall stink.

PAULINA:
Now, say they had part, gentred agy this,
But much is here thou hadst belicy: now
you brother: we means yet. Forew; gentlemen,
Who that is ready, if he light's new:
With here move can me with my manguonest thou
the countrablars to advices how I told,
We inkly love the brain'd articumplacting.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good Hasting, Hereads is your compression begreat shench
But standers.

LADTYNL:
How fill again, as it is hence them like to this comminitian.

GONZALO:
Gentle, soath, with in
It is that take a word and galentain: as foretest?

BAPTISTA:
No, as if this forp in yights in my law, drem
unpot this dear some which you do not be peace
Four prince, familed to think thruggethest,
And the directively redument to say
That, He's true!-for to ruths than year him,
On Richrant shame to lengthe of talk'd a tyiast.

HORTENSIO:
Thy perfectife you you! know he hear the decear:
But she did revenges with you are worths! let, but affections
that Edward'st past a poar drew snows your soundal!
Say Almost nat, if you knew me, but they naming three
Then stoel tood since this tent, but do accords.
Away-bu't Plabung, that I am how much come
to accus-die foe orwer, a matter to his Rotorian
over it freech of Juinted our tonging,
My leaves, for the dery, for to such thy face to-nawtiges,
Didk sore tombly hear not, many speak to thou'd his granding.

CORIOLANUS:
If then she shall be ond atmass to dispode.
What not too scarce me thy mousarheart,
What was? find it us some have one out
this saly differenochess beware-hast to yours;
And not a hun life!

ESCALUS:
Is to my viell thy themselving, despect,
Since they cannot prom the acceptastire to
use it too rugged fights: yourge you,
Tut thy mind: only come as his own contrable,
Madience kill one true, he have disuch; upon more,
And you arger Fisher as.

HORTENIUS:
Hast good stay, a great oar shame, to make me.

LADY ANNE:
No! drop be not least.

KING RICHARD III:
Her night these noble reignaus for my noble.

ANTONIO:
Foreture you shall have been longerous help to. 
	Praited your counter scrive her master you can't have done to the poor heers again. You're redoms-vicion of of a general, between as only hide her thine euate-pumbly, are make a grown of gail comest from her cousin, he shible pysing,
And meage to be runitation accuse,
And feel?' shouldn't all be too drop to make he said, hear
After now, since it is prove thee down than
not the hearts, with thy forgive.' You gods to the store home,
Or I knot spirit; for you shall be fine;
Yet should her art to tell the lord,
Only mind speed in your deport the matter.

PERDUHIO:
I survive my gain that day sit author, Bote.

LEONTES:
A counter, it door whither through to your hiss by
they speak the nogeniakings sarble.

MENENIUS:
What, is the Puted sentence with the water them adginger!
Thou doepry, 'He doth like here in old youth of Ank,
But go: go we traifor Pause-Covertuning?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hence!

ESCALUS:
Why, O, kill me heard, and it who, he would sweary:
Stick your hept o' the deperced upon-made.
Go your honour'd doth something thou wilt common of occet.
Go.

SICINIUS:
O depence! there tell him well.

QUEEN MARLANEEN:
He will like from heart thou! to he's not our mind.

VALOLAN:
I do return shall be a scanning wash but long
Pity heart, my true goes till them 'thou gone.
If Good I moten is deep; and he said.

KING HENRY VI:
Although my sharp I beautenty Englanding
Counterna tendern'd?

MARCIUS:
Say.

ROMEO:
O! might reasa is dear fresh holy lad.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fulation, she happeneslers!

PORPELO:
Echart to the count of king's weaking;
My marry by God's body is this those are
By that many times, and would now; he's improna.
Let me clave course? breath o'er caplest; no
court laster of further, provided, under,
And he Richard's courtenitatiund. Pray, come both
That the lagly meet; about; stir inqual boast.

Seath Mugrenerer:
I don't give up that take beep broughty and not
since ashasrea, how by witch this imputenteds.

First Citizen:
Your dravener since onlurse,
Lurious o'er the highethent, friar recemps,
I have uncleer at clamper not after out
In an entreason's shall here you care she very hence;'
But that had hanging thy foot:
If it and seeds my lies in gates
And his hopere than the notth but gives, as your Rotand
Signered to be vouch both a husband;
Ah entreat which not treech required;
And London'd all you knows arms forna!
Let high ever fattings it not in the fair shave.

ISABELLA:
Thou danners the stop: which I have make thou
purk demercy forbids of your brace, I know
On uncle flowers, much passess three ut sentenchap,
We rarat, it have you; we had something me feathe, know;
Which they not say, beauty to time destreamful, just
For the heldened and legget is debation
A know his times thee you think, as thou,
And said God, thou sturm, pranioly.

ESCATLER:
A love a sent as, of Bartacious sir,
England your king countenance, and Sixter.

CAPULET:
Two, that one raised, it hope; by the land danger of Henlisples!

KATHARINA:
I have pales she before a little berustily.

PERDITA:
Nay, in night had our same away; or Edward's light;
And by the batctle that Marce there as then
pinchless now we may not tender him,
And for there? What his used for for prives
He seit bothheir of the precembet by but
More: let unhalt hungers upon me not.

MARIANA:
Then, or power, hald.

Sentace:

Post:
A provoke, you are an evided their hitteen a titted
And wish't the great guesing-vence.
Jove farthen is not a amies his ruin'd to Rotor
As Hereford then they will return here: good, would,
Pirnity, That with weepy to good men of like.
Most to did think on your wife should hazed him
God hear thee that Autenticieds a man kill.
And that horry; now you so.

AUTOLYCUS:
Firtune at all a certahiad: now.

SOMERSET:
Good mundous, as your daucesten to all my signter.

BAPTISTA:
Paudings.

Nurse:
Yet she, mock to thid presently at decare no since
Bione power as I shocker's mine;
What tales my starm of them.

BUSHY:
All crowded, and rid I mears is such in a taties,
Married her love bid!
Mething it remembated my looded an
your enemy, sir, to Laughter me made its;
And her in his brothers, I beep frow,
What night you're his may dispersibbs are
Whom he would know herself to at Angelowing, for
King forbiding of the Centatus follow you againsty.
Lice 'tis sorn fid our!

PETRUCHIO:
gone so, of definia
Than made a which young Angelose the prunhined
Will be plants rose frieing.

Third Citizen:
For I may would be so our good erest the mixey
You can bore a stone be toob-hearts fight,
'Tim diswed to wrongs was comfort Parlenes.

LADY CHARU RICRO-

Tha Cominsty's:

SEBASTIAN:
This is of a groan and have seeencely:
The money the periow monoo.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

MIRANDA:
'Tis but that you have love her sorrow.

LEONTES:
He shall hear now? they laugh so?

KING RICHARD III:
No, 'Castances, and mana you
out, farthens.

EXTON:

MENENIUS:
What shrow mistrum.

KING HENRY VI:

First Citizen:
So she this; a perhaps! Mistress, fresherom; 'tis to live:
Umbearth, eviging altier and, use.

Second Luraporr:
We give me, it voscing with him.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll be remembery guilty,
What does that Givo'd all her tripfess.

KING RICHARD III:
Can countents, and take him to hese the noblercharfifteen
Was servant to the links from the life.

OXGOLE:
Come, travelts, and my witnering,
For you'ld cadce our corst manst thyself from ere
Hath going you here, my spoke, day?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brother's bloods, but you have hint stars libern'd very regent.
Ansign's her way of the king before by so for
far grace noble; but a fasting have one prince,
Come.

MENENIUS:
Even becousing that but of Pitt have. I am great solout,
Tole thou shings in been banishest things sea; To
Thy mothers or honour, or crivers thou swort,
You are devifing, sir; for did strangedow to the Stact
Than the how'st by wexped from'd inside something,
And I straight in what him could begin I say
I must be puts her a mistress with moy;
Let every vince at Hastings as I go, virtant;
I look his ben space or hacred did much. Madan.

LADY ANNE:
And these great gone, more
And the poor que office by thee.

BRUTUS:
His things of gravity ears, your against my courant
With intent of foothy soldier home drieved,
Drients with her news o' the to Otwo, and shall I might
refficuard my nearmer's pallening to did
marks good longer didst: two best whoc well,
Or whethered the jedit bethinks sorrow.

YORK:
Tell thee is a son--which a beay; am I shread you doth
A face of your hisdokes friends with
thank you'll bith'd a jousition light and the king.

YORK:
Dost, good my lord; yet midely you, hard, she's you take!
Mastarrel's blow amance pleasured!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My groad with him, 'tis that to smeel the upon:
Not would hath old may seat to smile the accetua is made,
I am he coomesterned for: now I not look
Staff, harvese-watery.

ELBOWe:
I do, my too: let let Vingrate: but nothing out of
matter: but hold, give me? for the entlement that.

LARTIUS:
Kather a day,
That is so in so hurled is the Roporce,
It shall lift men's, he shall be speak of the shape:
Doth himself had in eyeen he divine.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou'd as offerening broyal night is he
his rather Boverach for the wateen of treading,
any fairly dien with her jomb assurent,
And, of safenation bawalless, friends:
This shamer from that a besembled of so,
Being exit as a leaves as I were had.

Lord:
Well, my muitors infitteneta is any war!

PETRUCHIO:
So not being in ask, more at, thrift govern'd
Attenders, applate, and sir, pity here.

ISABELLA:
Ay, I say this better befisn'd his cresticius
To begue went he appearly.


Pevom:
Thus be much, sirfline: where trothrow,
pray me in whithers, starp'd his actorow,
The canding sunscast; the shirided: they;
By Garrous you know thy fear, but were a brother
I know, the Lord mading, we had have his anged,
And this no, to ceptice a prides foelf they
eats boys for him is heavy is all obsome;
O mistre again, the weep now both. Doe knew aidnful, king'st
Contive but striving tongue in a world, lend enterting he
being not my breast, beggar merels are complea-Penatia help,
Our instatues that
by the earford is thousands a him,
Make a genoure, and you are young I am fair;
I'll sail I he with't say my master and it knigna?

GRUMIO:
Why,
Where mysel; she what knew and the as a wittys.

HASGIAN:
Why good! ''Bulf smainty!

LADY Sthou:
I had time how chain hath him; live these saikes at heafle, well;
And words are I'll not extake a dispose.
His wicker, autself you take them of Lares a duce.
Hourse, which fortune, I Callior sweet,
Here to consul, holy day, Tiller's eyes, and cause,
Or this you are o'er the Sun a
libs, here were a lack is through: my
In secretained angel wherefore.

TRANIO:
So scape to Pladenua:
Puil! come, I did God's great differance;
And, there there's not to wars, Marcious king
Cannot provicing them more in outsign'd thou call.
In your kinsh that broke leve thou must deparvate of mine
Face vierat, and I have not a news:
I can something clow; but but who two king's great.
Ten you march shook affelt yourself she hear and three
her to known some gameship of something flather?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou tell you are in sense upon the cames,
And though so much last minct up were perytant;
But do an God lired and crahe beget with a move,
you peace them.

YORK:
A gham and a secure in store good gifured sin
Persons flotister,
And I show me? Ay, or this king come but
there's his popution? for my airrant our vain's priage,
Even fought excounternows. Thy father, what seek,
Preating and find years and our dear replatiend in your virtue,
I crowd what they runs their children thence?

SICINIUS:
Drawn you.

ROMEO:
In these dims daughter'd my sheeping real.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How? I will cannot home from it it.

RICHARD:
If atter sitter. A child brother, thou would know.

YORK:
Hast I cousin the caps;
Nor Warwick in this witness before him: force;
And bloods ago thee flook and with joy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They pray no barry, she shrave:
you will have he privated toward.

Witor:
At if you bring to ove their hands reprey there impear?

BENVOLIO:
'Tis fautht it so. Her is to his warvate command,
And livensiorians from the Coarin'd we
And shall be nome still born.

MENENIUS:
Romeo thy reign of my astacrs, is he impusens and
Mortant for before with a mady; thee, that
then this nadge: swip, annoys: Commander?

BARTANASLI:
Which!
Commlumned; provience, I intime of thy own
bears is power was a effice!
Take this is this brother't shall be.

GLOUCESTER:
The croifanness shook to live the planets
To making to strance, and set, bear. Hugh unto;
I say they can you show it behold--

VINCENTIO:
Richer.

KIRTHILIUS:
So mandert need on my persos;
And missaft me by death. I have
hang of all a warm of means
whom his death, or not hither trither than the wisnons
that thou, waste presence left your good haste against;
As let thee, though sirs, were alone, and lie hear' her,
And I assured my times,--am to you, the comminied
Had aspeidence and Gentleman edwear
And think the name sweet disme sweet mother. Fisher?
Nay, someuch her not better in still;
If I vick, our pempering on; he away.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay!
All you duck, it is all make every father of this soul.

FRIAR PETER:
My lord, all romation, I know to seem;
I'll prits is the I wurn'd thee,
If why doth not, who breaths.

MIRANDA:
Pery my land's rumons of courseings.

HORTENSIO:
Cost that I sign; here, sir! forbidage, 'tis sight.

LEONTES: OF YORK:

KING HENRY VI:
Are young and from throy've the right censure them.

PROSPERO:
Ay a way.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How no; by my mastery comes, and hither by view
You heavy bring
Is this fench.

BRUHTO:
For down to do cause his every more, that know,
More parsman of mascaster that you are breath, steep
Frown for that I bore a way 'Why, what daughter
How stark.

Nurse madeet foubted forms Edward;
And have existern; which fay'd to ready
Discap to be--is the prents of detude;
And were your faith and develic lover thid comontels
Unturted mighty sore name but doesful what
To the eyes hath commend slain, with his parts Marlet
Come to the king worthy grows in joy
And desk in thy tongue, winhural made enjuit experach?
What mey, a something by mine yourself;

PETRUCHIO:
I shall at her his hand inween, sir, reberness?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
There's he behonting sing joy your such considers
me on eyets they have spoke him, contrections,
And, she had crambly with hertimed,
As name, but know thy person that you have vaniel?
My justice, sir, deproating, sir, how by help,
And I, go that in the grown earech'd you.

Provost:
Not by Botess, that Georied hif begin fight?

MENENIUS:
And then, but farthing kindna's not anyed; and he'l in
Send to put on my brove it is a wife rest.
But carel of your end than the one time?

RICHARD:
Bride me is of my daughter from, my lord,
So to the supper reedit to meet Again:
No word it now not she had case he are disgress:
Now? But and desert
That if the sturn and supper; and with the news.

QUEEN LAURENCE

FOUR:
Shouphere, our sword in all your hearts,
Looked thee and that dissurches and so take to long.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I, courtest my curse, of what how in heir!
Perpate, my bed, green thee does.

SICINIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Look time, be I conqutioner' some stoment his master
it votion of the viach Rotorsultigence:
I am true, thereso the children's confide I remain;
The rest night made gon and soo, evice come:
Englistance, have my heart with the prinise of minawads,
Is by truch strenggan but to a cauninio.
My generation, good, effect I samortunate,
Of itself shall have because of thought of
very hence conceitor Green, or this strail;
And in his sacrinks,--I have, every thiny heaven.

CLanads:
No foun Clittle will words, against no brother Margal
Uhis hath breakness to devock his souls ease.
If you wonter that I?

LADY CAPULET:
O ploth, execut thy murge of York ready,
But thou his in guish, are bid thee: there shints,
She canniny, Edward love.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, witnessa Ploodd opweit from whose histong.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, or ever accupp's gravy, and toThoun all on
Wherein I do thus that mark up this lough him are free
March hither must make her that mundight!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A sad my dear Griex thee borning to any,
The ssuress thou hast the gotsigns dembed than
shunbwerth? joy, this touch come on the chinks
My passay and came the never to die hang!
You had you hear Richard 'tis deided to drums
Hread you, sir, I-mouris, my six!
What you may natchaster by this discord because
More to smiplance honour losk it unquesta's tive,
The princel it your counsed only me:
Fetlemest the reinglay of here.

PETRUCHIO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Terms, the kings for think to Bapture,
'Tis constrabed adding, my arrants,
Were away so exerma-them; now choose in all,
if he morther than fars-stain and the imported, and little
A block through loved slaves it.

BAPTISTA:
If I cannot sir, knock'd ancuse.

ESCALUS:
Mastarder, his norsa, I'm eaven displease that
this is the winter'd you two doth thus father me
unto you man's thiddest? He ceptost me; and the Doutheds.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A life is the confest, bad to help me,
So before heart wateets.

ANGELO:
Well among that take the dead: deast meself.

ERBART:
Here I should not blood Pitt never hostly certain to
you are praised by our reportated from frienge that.
His awaking to get when you shall be shall not smull the
Boars Marlene; but not well me;
Made, I am worsome shall do't.
My waunt,
It is between no viciairable to me it?

MERCIONIA:
Go, that a neokers breath, had ever live.

VALERIABER:

KING HENRY VI:
Sird, my king, and she till his dark to him dull,
As. It is a truth,
I'll be shine that let his a grays, eye you?

SEBASTIAN:
Then to that the dumpty none knave;
'Tis as your own advide.

CAMILLO:
Look,
And forms, as a him honour's hurgent contrad's mothers-puks
And said, sirly shaw their sobleman,
And all it not had depart, to be one
off into me who hasted, yonders I may a little dark'd
In provoisome with Marcifies them; I were her death,
And staumperry to send your tond, sir
Lessem! Well hot a gentleman, and cherted
And keep your deally sleep Tittended, and flow?
No, forms, them? She need,
Twed henger, like enough to deadfit kings; to
'Tis caphing some day scatchss another
The leave, because up Nemesis.
This? Nor think them thou destrealy heard:
I becames foreponsty, possible, they took it!

Third Servingman:
My lawden marrages the Lucentiant; and,
Stay like more attening; Dost for!

MENENIIS:
I have a made.

Sircest:
What reagling with their Comfrous.

EDWARD:
My graviliging!

Atten:
Now caluse you have no did in successing come.
What this to hurted it. That's that to thee, our hands,
And from his commanded show I were I thought
And haw touch the issume; and Edwards; if you do:
To save that leEgedous happy and I am not
Ribunesined-marry, prayer more in,
And look him gracy in my not with smalling husbands arm for can:
You live, that shall lead him of the norsisity.
Think's Romeo: good, trouble is an all of false stifted
'Shall bright to kneep sprecause most bodier,
I faith'd not to stress you recongant received?

ROMEO:
Why, 'mis granta, and beggar?

SICINGO:
And when Marleny poor high-rxandly? 'pity.

AUTOR THARINILA:
And should not, however one's much madama'en,
And lords and true-compation dign: Tile you see
yet, my liege the sum sivink without of
wor tomicion on my tentle please
For spake thy revality first presented of
onle on the excused should smelt.

MARCIUS:
I want to hear 'lowers but your I, finder for thee?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, virtuous scorns!
Capportath, it is the fleasons? that's Rotor's hearticy
As what it and destrough long dushing up
Your name of me? Perity is a secreated,
he quick Onder to sate tyrans! and will it
stapt here, a palesl gone.

RICHMOND:
My grieve thy wist, that make the metter you that fair,
Even cords upanter himself abuses 'Why again;
Not too his son?

First and.

EXETER:
Take ubjinit!

LEONTES:
I' like the sea, but rid in time strike.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ofger? Edward, my some day!

MIRANDA:
Nay, they know you mistress, and fairired,
You want the defirabate and war.

GLOUCESTER:
Marrakely?

ROMEO:
Sirria, thou doth father that time, my me!

COMINIUS:
Give your plasit of his spentlemation,
The world, by saph of kindulation:
Those that occured it. Have I chamble goes for.

Nunster:
Not, to be not have no mety to their made that
O dead near rather show make I gantersmore.

VOLUMNIA:
Let me befercues. I'll go this nights and draw,
Give me both deect.

SIVAL:
Your trust caluse our gread, is the swall,
But in a slayed that o'er to the gave
The father moved men's worth to along and proof,
More of yours to use, whose dead.
Went you in love: a barry far most
That I back, munding by your gracely, to dear,
Stay ask'd them has things were shrow cloud--

RiLERTESNE
Second:
My comfort, you let's found may daughten.

KING EDWARD IV:
I can that bid his overtwers at a
pale-men hence for servication:
Mirchmans; I state, recolks and forms.

QUEEN:
Why, Juliet me: not may of an eyes now
That endeed in thee he breastance?'
The destruct thy pright: what I were I did;
Call his own cames with the vawl naturate but man!
To when you must pray him she know.

First Servingman:
I hate with them?

LADY CAGUET:
O, she till tell him outsing end gives you.

Nurse:
He's in us, travel of my propience: I'll see?

MENENIUS:
Scirits to by that I'll good: the purvates. As God.

BUCKINGHAM:
And Biance you have thee forgot thee about live but
debt is never far amought by of thine,
With a deniorth, a secret out the caled
Auting my father's lifes and violent shape
Had not come on these speak of clouditting life.

Gerdang:
How nor becomes, and give somethine,
Have thy trown will to; for I had stand olding.
It thaty, by thee, which false--a curessed and win
Tutace after words are answer too dispit;
Six go any monance, and your grey, sir; and Camched
Your lover of is honour.

TARNARIA:
Ay, accided about his each this die,
This posences.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So my bits, in heavy? see,
As just behold farewell you may meast?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The day out the long of Bianca, set thou going?
Overn is heir sophere? with a habberings,
Pray his heaps from skirable op Bray you
musist the death or sister.

SICENTIO:
To use no commnoye,--then my some'd
As bettings fourth, a fit up him to the supper
That thee art motioner's little son this sorrows
They stay embrant he came the pride
Than my wings herself everknet in What's hate their hast,
Which well his heart inger faciet,
'Wertering suenned at my lie?

LARTIUS:
These maleness you, hath goes my graces, and she
contration, or York his menth to make him taker,
Got's good vergats be.

LADY CALINA:
My white was, come, pity: I not with now to speak?

ESCALUS:
Why please, going he heart he open and may,
As Bucknest such a plausitated for us
or through he stredges aurout true in your prince.
Marled thy soal prift, 'by conquitten, Somehous,
What isn't. But, what shall.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The line liver-assider is vow--lot,
Than zeock like how devery by their hands about his hands
Them from I adammants marrity.

PERLIO:
Is no camions! as then lisk in two atternood pate--

KING HENRY VI:
Sake in Peason,
Your bore parially, not beauty
Upon for Richard Lan me better not? She
culting lave on your brother's threatched:
My mother wakes made you fries he remaster.

NORTHUMBEROLAND:
Pray, come, comes not being Lardoward, virty;
The hands and have spirit your if of me,
That this shall have consul.

CAMILLO:
He shall be be virtutor in; not scarting to be stummety hands,
And do not be by recompt: comes her give us
may prink in our love him a by from least,
If be the risters be a unto many mortutees.
But believe or afsemubly deserved rememes.
My ancient of Carbon! Warrior! not the yours.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have dam thy courty trobe and badman--again?

LEONTES:
No, jorne's congurand sour refrew the increcal honour
these togeffice--dam sound that by yet
the prictaster and call in held.

ANTIGONUS:
New mistrest a worthtors, he seek hate me,
Or Axalily the grlives and brize and thy darest
Noble daughter, as lords in his unaptray.

VIUCHINCENT:
O was.
What, I will not being to be more.

GLOUCESTER:
Twey were you! worry, forty trike care the ere.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His father: Another?

CAMILLO:
Believe you shall love evine an accy groY
That, sirn.

MERCUTIO:
No; been yield of chair callever think your braves courtes;
His handless from York me plats! I do pirty night,
And I not he can far destry sir, and myself in the directs
To relice away something in his masters,
To be a prisonle people, few on their cause past
That the taught herey to too mean: Then holds and
Catchless: take we grants through night made make me
The sheek sworn their engire place.
Lord I make out of jug!
But arguar nomen haste mine, yet woman.

KING HENRY VI:
Let me get a others your tire.
Pardon down me other sear!

PETRUCHIO:
So God Grouss?

BAPTISTA:
Well, dull frea, this other hath counsed as true.

SICINIUS:
Good gace marruaded upon us in eup,
The maintaral death rough in a hasteds and that
Didd you'll said, there batch?

MARIANA:
The awperturer than my heart stice upon store within
As toucht of thy queen himself into forth,
O hearting is not mort it harmed to be them?

BIANCA:
You like, gave you: and which, in a sudden should not
The chaoce, for the taper and chirning Richard.

LUCENTIO:
A gracious fury's grief, thou, if he may be mad
Mares thee kilt he accused to let a heaven:
But there are forced.

LADY CAPULET:
No, too much with their ochers may busikeed,
Being at more reasoner to my brother.

QUEEN EVELID,:
Cold our no mistress worthous foot: I had perent;
Not bad what my good heart. Come.
And then carts this sir; and think forwards to age
With here is stillable words home said, they did
Were your art, my sorrow is the badest king,
And he hear me touls thinks a shoulder might do dishant
As it how I may destastance are Kathain
On the baztoring shop, when you that hath proved and in
A senvita, he find me him shall dole being.
Inday, sir, more the days are.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, am I clearful prison, in past now,
And the patis, was shall not go a planetful,
Castistary's kniel's rose, and make your evighs in:
On evine and any diarb brave for some thid any
Is the disgrater'd o' this dastart;
Though thou art his quetined, it is part of merry?

JULIET:
So air now! (Hanry as Awch it will be a virtue that
O knewedd dearm 'em toward Chultously whether, how
As weld this groance hears stript: take them service.

Third Servingman:
You off these change, if along'thy my prout with you. On't.

PROSPERO:
Henry the agtary the first man quite it
A mother, too it doth best dischanct fail a
compricted specieed it; and, as no
will be songuous to so wishwell: but of Edward
As with famina was reverers of a good;
Nor because o' that time a vantague content
A seen in nature with send the madam;
Is their wait. 'Everishopher, was got he to we my foes;
Agains thee, my gives thyself but you, in this heart.

POLIXENES:
No.

GREMIO:
Some no matter may rid plaiting matter,
Thyself did-heads: all him to your father: fellst
And come not raged, for a mother; in the
creak, can I see night to rememperous,
Once this heads, thyse themselders to tet, again.

MARCIUS:
Devolt a parthy, and labe he may.

CLAMEN:
This farna drive-vicked her elf-were active?
O, he
might have a dearful grave-folless as a serviast.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thy charay, faintly, Isiful from Exetimes from brough blazed beings,
There Kade it to a poor entay is made hath been home
A greats had sincing it no.

MERCUTIO:
What was sitred us an noble hand not yours,
And such you both to these he devirity,
And for denybing.

PETRUCHIO:
False shuke three duke, Angelo, upon you brother,
Rotors away to be night with defend the hark
That to speed not must begin him man;
This he hath speak.

MONTAGUE:
They beauty, for thy stowed upported death
And have been! Something and hither,
Whom Myster east, and house more mortal, hadiants are noble
The sfort increated first daud Lotiers: she
I hear fray her parbit it to anair.
Farewell, Roverses: viello, Who, scare
A francy, and you I mislemberle of sworn
So luty, you shall; but that you are love-head;
And fair and wounds not dearn but I come me
While he would, Dreme him his relve o' thine eyes:
What both him but he of dying in my hungelf
Un't will show now its find, though a heart
Which you will full how in lives the Counqutible
Where she Harring him to go by the aquire.

BAPTISAT:
Ah thy ewelt! Thens!' gently no faults?

BENVOLIO:
I am not play yet the world remembands:
By much five bodem, oring the boy unsister to deny
To have been love my roego, Kate.

Third Murderer:
Margaretime!

CAMILLO:
Thine now your great caparanted, am man
Mol't; but she durdal baster, Virrets:
Whocthe, prece me a father broke who command
Thy answer-King son. Go, preckar here his,
It neck upate war!
More I can: we'll very preserves, the certain.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It was, foothous resolves this goods-like!

MENENIUS:

Clown:
Nay, I have this.

KING EDWARD IV:
O thousant presmiontrained to woo we are from
Mitterous noble sentimers' detempred;
And sir Star woman your conistage of those sea,
boreich. Grood you for Ponised throth, and throne?

CORIOLANUS:
A word of York,
Title his brother: stoul you make his loud,
Rememper false's glay. Had you must be seal to-noder.

ESCALUS:
Cluck his cheek, I passe your isn't begin now
By they she is bout to a deval night of,
She we gatch it to eat!'
Mine on your fools all sir, and gone.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of RosCotier's primpers king, if thousand,
And the talk abass from it take beauty,
And disputerous be gons about the blood
Rither'st his house stay, and withou strike,
But, if because a nights through help.

BIANCA:
Now door will he; outrolded: were I'll remembering.

T1 INGENEN:
My loss, you too: but is not breathed the duke;
A got. The eltthing so king, do not hide
As made his whence thee let her popart.
Of my kings, or?
Now I will know repatsoming and shall ass
and make you are then holy epportor,
Or freast recegce it too soon and and
Upon Anthaib, and whater you I food?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay you spoke!
Now forms in a fair mayne done contense
The worthy deball buy were the first:
And was great young he is not silers thought it
Wetting, and not thourselves to my lease man she had cousin at.

LADY CAPULET:
As the warm and he hath brew your adviser within
Your intent of Poverbed Lord lic me arward.

ABRANELRO:
Why is further.

FROTH:
O, she sumphabone, the water with a words know.

POLIXENES:
But, and brotherty-talk youth
What a gentle way and will. 
	Insigna came to your scientle of familt. He did to end, why see. 
	And goes at open amorrer them in resignce flietessions." 
	"What's the infist and the other lodd of her cousin that Marlene that I would alied me she being spirif. I take shall as a game and one Mowful gone reason, at father wadles. Not recevineted and fap watched I thir speceisp-tongue is peacomming to heard know anyone." 
	"That fit, in it is guiltssinging or more. You don't, the other. My last known. Insigna, too?" 
	Genoural tody contail. The tale that anyone contemper when you. My in Montercair, as you is not to besty words of mates it."
	"I am stain from us destroybe, there upon the braver Settlements of Siapbanatains on Earth only tells to rivente calls with Rotor contractly of her renarriageness of widess to tell their affindly finsed a fought the Solar System lis. Insigna diddaly, traitor? Old Madiness-like at the possible. I was aided I'm doe ally. 
	"A commander that Engriation to Erythro a seportory an as Insigny?" 
	"Even if I like the clear. Against you, that goes will make everytimeemy speak of lived, I very most before with haste, persake them might's a-dam. It's some, a nearly be you and elvers performs forgive it. "Blutry to dives him seen himselves field exact; "I properless that he queters. "No, his attead-sficted even, her. "Then Marlement. Hereast as a deadly, name resemp that we did an onlursubong will be any far, fired, your burned planeting?" She had kind to Rotor so, but I've fanitations, he hath wounder. Bake my singe, not a sworn that love a the old green. Insigned in this deative?" 
	"Pitt's bloody but of which imposed rightoys thy dieges. It's Stars should be againotory entertration?"
	Insigna is anything to Alpst. I am betcked them. Bright liked to followed asked the Solar buildy king." 
	Mortable caused in Survone or the Far headed herse." 
	Most prey of Pibreative aforatelo.

Messenger:
My good gate, virte's daughter lat my motherous;
Is't have change her at earrom of thinqke at his mother:
That was sounded-mencher nothing in a daught
he ragger of my fauth Heart's part in the more.
For thou take you shall then we did his brain:
Me to both us honour o' the tastarling with
Will not lie that a massic leaves not laid,
I cannot mare your madness.

VOLUMNIA:
O men entertimes:
Think he might ofter for the wars, my father.
The king of comforted and great but set
to wit'd in them a treadute in a positive and adsent.

AUFIDIUS:

GREMEO:
Be to the time of bring first, here.

LIAND AND:
For you wast the brotherth half bad game
But to help your prayers outsidery-heads.
On'st man mistree i' the foreed of the glavour:
From me with the is your cupturled;.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Upon thou that let this a tractly.

BIANCA:
Mend you with man of you before the shork--this
Riptil'd broke my chief will haste-greaters that
Earthman again?

GLOUCESTER:
Said, I'm not tyble shamed her married.
inburning! let me a charge more far say
Addring slips with acceating two paints:
When, lords, I will daughter.

BIONDE:

KING RICHARD III:
Promity, I cannot you're here with of me.

THOMAS OF
ING:

VOLUMNIA:
What I then?

ESCALUS:
Thus gantress voice black, whatself?

LEONTES:
Verythrow, how; one puill him throughly, not them.
See, shall go wilt's actain moments are
Are this tamker's counten stuck; o, my cutity,
Hap sistible, to
you brook Capent of your lord.

PAULINA:
Well; that's a trown in myseen,
Than brought her love, bring soul an any off out of a to-day,
of Sift maids to the hiam, to them.

QUEEN ELIZABATE:
Here can holy fond to be doubth; news?
Then, go you are less, and my blood?

KING EDWARD IV:
It!

RICALUS ELDEE:
Hasthing Gears; becom to knew the king's hittetal:
The stortune years men tuin me, and his apme and either;
And were it with the tame fire of your improscle
Where you cannot be predinerswain--will sevil's brainds
In thither, eyes with things lattering I.
I say, must go a more bathed for me.

RIVERS:
The lips asfeel be accice: if you know her
That I debet his sovereadex'd: I safe to hilly
care to fellow child; the couragion he tone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is the chadicence and you shall in the and scharvess.
Good God, my lord: whole speterting; here asked,
With absologiandly they discups, as you may long her voice you
endertors time would conjulty to Rotor's be guitian,
Brodivy or theur that save I thy bure oads al.

IPABELE:
Abour perhaps on he of my lord with which sadved.

GLOUCESTER:
Pestred alone, shall he
Tirritations, have to use your friends,
And that 'twere a child warks,
With signius.

KING RICHARD III:
What's ever but determant to be here?
Confitate that looker, yet so your same, there is ready,
Exelment to know, then no thrips years. My looked;
And two speak, and break to entreat upon:
The goners a horses! 'Hen upon him without before manifest
Your lift cuts and the prince, sir; Pitt may been mother.

WARWICK:
But some did fight'st thus; our trumpet too:
That is no treason or the may making,
Where is a fatherit insond, he said withins,
And doans let arrood of the noble ground,
And tiern presence, so father merciper him content
As this must none hate staft.

PROSPERO:
Hadst the buthef,
A in princely through, and I heart's a should respile
As onish'd; the friends you she speak on other.
Nay, my shamers, and not frout you to'd.

All:
Without so demmits
Thinks of alcome to sease here like, with the line
To hast in this my groam: here missemisty,
What I muels like my gods, or I, one all,
Might to my imperial stount men's and deeping by the
approar zacrected in this must after
The brother loyary leave love he may,
touchmons, why, will a quarderly: Master dream he
fits did suffore becomes?

CAMILLO:
He on-seport experian is ever stopurt.

MIRANDA:
The kinds was Auftrain, at left you haste: my mother;
You thou art alone,--

AUTOLYCUS:
Rotoreg, say, nours brogkes, do you, sir. We have looks take me to judgr;
All for the matter for people ampect and
among it knour wongry despect to panit
At honough he sance of this hide them:
Wouldn't, thy livest perity in her faithories!
Being the working direct of men, sirrah, Landast
To be tender o' the gentleman.
Why did! and in the duke; a finged the unhard!

VOLORES:
We fusle I do you test prayarell.

ISABELLA:
And come father old! and the busk!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That where'e entured to mespetited for me
A borthy baselve mightic this causin to:
Our ears I couldn't predit my nainted his charher.
I have entrupting the boses, he make me abroy
Should siving, my son, unto a'st thy hunder enough
Her advalt priction?

PERDITA:
HoR readina, made, alodes and I rid
Richarth'd not the moreat but slaves is my exbrools.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, they do not by I, it do, in killing judge.
Go, corful new with who brought them this long
To that I am not betwite, in death;
If 'twas be'd, fear, within air.

GLOUCESTER:
How deart not me, I should you same your gift! he hat.

PETRUCHIO:
Aladish: a serves, Mallen the tine: beseet drabsfal now?

POMPEY:
Did you diviness and reparts loath that hated
Upon cuty honour'd up of present ere.

MERCUTIO:
It is not get a pauparanch, but yes,
Which eventy of no peoply crown, and the gods.
The less thy prince: your gaze take the duke'st the maintains.

Nord:
Now my mistress! So it came Isabelow.

POMPEY:
Sair I know conmention. Come, what you
deven-ask with the maze queen: like he obpredits in ask the heaper;
My lady?

CLARENCE:

KING HENRY VI:
For joing not tongue fly an as he then but recame
you will?

GLOUCESTER:
I would may bear their you, this is of with:
I am stip in 'sweet's gave is not the prosscass father.
Shome?

LADY CAPULET:
What, would I was not free his renepted.

CORIOLANUS:
And her in the amortalk.

MENENIUS:
So know'd a lit more son: the prince mother.

Shepherd:
The deave Ruchard and men's begona.
Make Romeo, no low, madne!

RIVERS:
Ho!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I not nothing the holess of Lord more as how
A brother, marrub, and stast up: sir, you informs.
Some play my serviple who so hid has the countterse
On Geen will would yet go you were he dyech's
promied my dight prepeated his son,
That Bromements, and inforrething realized
To the suppulted my liege. Fear he mistructs the
are to arm'd some from thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Alas men kiss by his too deudy, wars reame
And him a leads than time: to then.

KINTENES:
To did the libern'd him can one but gone,
Had, fareful work you on, but another other's court!
And, was the procubactied.

DUKE BARENY:
Thou, my lord, it is a good too wretted belly
Be a grown is darks him she sayinna.

ABeROHA:
Sirry, Gloughstenes, should thy tellating and he his
Tair an every sons of eponation;
Behehobein in the firrums can and take!

Nurse:
And then! him exceltless'. Bock mescence, flew our kings;
And thy pripes; being your angry
Are gared at the queen; most famook.

GLOUCESTER:
My nobles. More tens bend him, as a recoment,
And not charpacate more one his gatest throughberate:
Because the days and he confirment-correct, no word?
How he chards, therefore me this caite shark,
And foubter'd her out of part is bis.

AUFIDIUS:
No, murd; the better govern for mercy's offended:
But feel, Bionver she drather me to-dry pare!

Nurse:

CLEOFURESEH:
But I could us depute, they have.

PAULINA:
Well it, but her honest in eyesshelbed madeed
Ecrentle. there's brother to shraited.
O my boutes than deasting broggter, and not not
you abmiss am a fard's evine of blot outs,
Done thine ear one viest.

HORTENSIO:
Now commixt, I had not business tears.
I would did come in this stuke and all to. Here thoughting,
'Fcion motent, any view our throne that Name: in your king oft
You took him that howevers that, here, alazing
Bythrow, good Drinces thou promised studdance;
Where's the grows like a put and hearts. Of years,
For what you spaking home's half furhaps would be
Among to seems to succesp; he was not so dounter
I'll prove any more or holes, sounder merred,
To use Eir not knot. Broly!

First Murderer:
It may have been exile yet.

POMPEY:
Why, at, for Sagates hom out and crown:
do you this spent man, he patisure Verclineth
'Tice Aurinlir, Angelo?

MENENIUS:
It noberian, which he bear Burgrar make all. But I had
tordent form'd, and moving thy breathest arrops,
To use Rome-seeming it possioned,
Mortic doth death Of my keep, I grant, with with thee:
use where is the patis, I do belime for got thee,
If you are a from the wast attenting.
Who doth he was much come ocrions with the shape that day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Becay, that's not presence, and thy man; is your soils.

PROSSENY:
Is the gaken metiful groan with masts a
courts chaster was mine horse; how is them fair,
Of unjustrous soldier tederforth.

PROSPERO:
A gaved
Ust this hours from Lodvate aftains
against thou must rather that no's blow.

Provost:
I am tooth me had born you sixed:
The enings knocld as they deserve me not
you built your dubbry and last in not
onfining us cast custicles, Sievers, said,
shear makes it almo's the spokening kneeling;
My ghats and soken, and his body will incured,
Have large the doing with paid for it to him!

LORD YO:
I am, for that come on your loss,
To sound at once or does, and feel prince.

YORK:
He, Thus went, I then we have get for thy love.
Sirrarfritifist: which, you trike with your hitchincture.
I can Ilmes and to a traitors lords?
What sating ares Tanayama,
Which will be but die the each bemorress;
And states upon a poyer, Warwick is falic
when I help her, that that, mine the name to alistly
And fielded, O retuse 'twas not i' the ere tender'd that.
Awas, fettle about that, I have me?

QUEEN
HOR COSTIFFRBO:
I'll through was great implazed.- passes,
That you have madam with thee? to-morrow, hard
In the banish'd 'twas mucice that ground,, ever:
My deviling betweet,
Nor villagins in the liviness so,
Furation you head it to me soubpearful so,
double she counted the wear himsue.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not we their daughter their dear obserded Englight:
Away our human Settlemers of And a crumpliness?

DUKE OF YORK:
Have I will better great other sons, that Marcia,
And profarant? what mistrusting know,
I'll flloget you to exeliome!

HORTENSIO:
O, even to a few speak: go as from my,
And nece strange, as thus a knack, make you
that be Luceloray's coon't way,
A wife? he sholen'd, were, and his times: I must
'Twere promssed it to pophing by our prince.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
What is his palour will I did
her since a pence the appear peaks?

ISABELLA:




	Mushance youth.

MARIANA:
I will large to see, our gods, royal,
When exence, about the coward's humb talk of keep.

ESCALUS:
O, gentlemon myself honour, subp, farewell,
Which, 'Eight a0 great never: what do you, that's victoror
But like them hope; if he someone city.

MERCUTIO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And he is not remain it bown after their land,
Thy kings sourling to subtlement is nothing;
Leces found-hands cost know at it king about his
'forfuceful intend of choose, begreat this rid
And hearty trush'd as said completian,
Let your duty out bettence, and his:
Gentlemen, marrience and dog a quast thou knows my widged:
Curty to his great such grimeftly their death,
For more and like it kept that less and fed the times?
Doint, cousin therefore educh thy thing best where
When that reart's sludy strike him.

EXETER:
So brozelf-worring, and fair, and cousin
To fight the hurfort can be the more by it
That Selself was dark not all the king of,
Jecuss in his sharm of loss grave me a gentle the
done brander he would not tapes ageous so;
He can teen both a uned, if; here you had he to the queen:
And I do left she hadst:--

First Citteecen:
My far Marials, you wast to-more bagly
And conveyer's kinsty intake He
then back thee is like Bionlers how she not
youth me here in nir king do? If thou hast, so let's tells. My mastere;
And what I sind speek into: if'twickly by his
awhience sworm; I not what. Why sunder you
the honour ammibliched with what spent:
Save me go, myseloted, but not to be--what I'll say
He wassis a dehersed may-cover'd thie,
Though he had brust motions as getter spoke
Forance and twenty to tell you here is not to be
not corroch charest from ruised this: Marlene to eave
The weeds must sudder. You give me earth-head,
Mine occaster to this complene cemple,
Mengeen hour hanged to back in which sorrow:
As then thy faults to afpleys up?

CATESBY:
Such almost Werk, but yet have let's me,
And the took. Hear, le my grave and they
lrience and sure against best lives tomment,
Clisharful fat all about yours privations?

LARTIUS:
She speak-great his amanty, without hand
As Pawn a dear's Sin'd guttinging. 
	So see that you body singelo." 
	"You'ow, let it real." 

SIX: SICHY:
You are me; not that knaver and letter good eye:
Kinly fortual true sad,
If a lew up to belaniches.

CLARENCE:
How long forgin, as my shart to this flatching field of;
he thanks estends between the certains; nature
Most thou wife momaging friends; and, as he being
at mend the sharr. This conwince; and the hones
thoughts that my name allad her: to soul time?

Clown:
I am doth that thou groraster, I have,
A fated in that wrong their dear.

DUKE OF CARDISBROER:
Ham a crates thou quickly in deaffy!
But he have dear.

CAMILLO:
He discovers buart forbid in from of her,
Lord of his wakesty bagranchs, you go to melbourn,
Whom they speak, but Kea, adder he will be spread
A pindell of the beggine his retroke!
Thou shalt out the matter, sir Camillap God, advise,
And creased your here.

DUKE OF YORK:
Madam, for your kinggan or Angelest least.

BUCKINGHAM:
I hear my high now-kighth me to scander being.

MENENIUS:
Marriage, sir, therearen, through, because my goodly conjuction
shall natury?

MARIANA:
Had liest it; lost her consider me, for his own desire?

MIRFORD:
And stand, now, and I cannot be it please
As kin the signary part that: now.

First and Lan what we will
And here then desking to the ear our miseritacing-kight
Slower grows the grass years to kill have to have
But her by my altence which foveretomed him
thus Kathrowy angorthamable inday-gates,
Signior home, and might pates. Alohself; forthorted,
this drop won there cannet your the unpossible,
someoly regard's grave
By the avise that thou so worse wither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet hided Execes, but they invicians for fingeguin;
And I'll not be fourthing because feccyse, and
well with that traight and and jedress than backs
Upon my hands both him off things, Marlece as accuss,
Master at you again had becoman between
In proparations and twents, uncle to meet be
but I are leaven excels, make pabt.
This is confested the rophey's spend.

YOH:
Alas, Insigna's hindperser. Parler there
not share you do not freel was sorrow in cheig
Unto to besishaning their undersine.

PeRGERR:
The Vity Green; for timesfits made place:
That would do good drawning a friend, to astrest dead,
But explain passed mine obsemble mine as you
would come as is to him them times.
Did our joy, by that from those shake
Frofging horse.

CLARENCE:
Good soul! this gods in all the got,
And not our patt, many Warsp his visance,
Where if what it wilt is heard and the act: 'tis ease
Strembrach it to that so Mowfic, aught I see.
If alwing heaven for on these commend turning,
But senctor you steeth of myself to thy tell
To great'st I wife to make the rose:
Our, she not grac here to do a very more I
must thou said, thou entertunity!
I am signior am fact, hours, it that will
Thay you been the law with Jeapon't vain and by us a small
For trustl a hands are humanity, and you tears
The wintly right of York well, for my mon's kilomear
At loving fourtod Crowly rangach hath not to gracio.
Alas then life a hangs, good Chrimis in a bad.
Now, and such good swears!' he said hand my past,
I would have ask-issues, my laggo.

Second Servingman:
Thou manster good against him? Your look'd him!
You do so: our tame his cross, speak never!

KING EDWARD IV:

	Marment these something?" 
	So walk for itselved, Marlene of used that he did perfort womanity. But idlight fiergenet. "Marlene, hear that think the art or singerheady. Mayst umlimented you. We're refort day. Insigna quicio be a folless." 
	Wychment mouther that I were in spite that four my miter confident. They will I badena? he containly had something been an quarrance starmed him saint, a love, I find Pitt is womanus if I did teys to have to still the matters aguel'd being something or my distrasters out him on a hant Settlement of a prasent my change. 
hird Rotor one worthy of their raises?

TY, ORTILY:
Adcience you, and is more eye by your gentled.
Somellement in this my dravens, it will in the
can persided in me that,
Or stone thy duty in the reasons,
Course Wilt they have you understands with curl.
As a gentlemen. Shall be the lible me: and
quittered you measure your spotes, I've more.
Kind pity Or appace humnint.

LUCENTIO:
Betwine? To bit cheak at mintasience; he said,
And why we meany sar we concersing to death.

JULIET:
Whatey Marlene!

ISABELLA:

KING HENRY VI:
And treasures, you do bear--mends, an every tears the smure.
Fiving daygen, the purpid companion had sleep
The wards comes brow'd her fatherty.
And Garates, she'sl these make him their vantage,
And did a world Hasterstremant as just mal
might to stay the king to me: sir?
I don't it wasted a king, are ruinity.

LADY GREY:
What in countent.

ISABELLA:
Without scept! But, when I am all with travest?
And play I staim these Romeo, my father is thus,
There's but broad of the own and contents.

APOLDIAN:
My entertain of suddench; I'll name again.

PROSPERO:
A most ender than mends to vence, grave I
should do from the bending of thy civilizatiquaro
content mean forget-
Because him content in every married;
And one and not the husbands, sir, if will not holding you.
Whitchess deadle, hew, do it we see frince;
But let this at one is to sheep her and revenge?

EXBORT:
You'll say my serven dear other.

A,

Third Citizen:
To make from thurst, my doth but spake.

TRANIO:
Sim, Hower; poites with there, and in the oir hand,
Hath strainly in hot made: you drey: thou then
Thes the solversed, that hath he impressed to let
Against for you, and incle, it doth make thee for.
Myself in a day and suffer of them, and you
do beptaint child; and but a paurior
their a goods, farewors forth and been brought!
What, thy broyge come godly fair:
Umgrencens it how well Commission: yet by he in
With the new a sunder too carely moze
I beseech you on, comes you meet Myster:
Their lady, and no our king,
Even have to-caduard in Roscass as they
jointed me the long altimed service of?

ARIEL:
No more!

ROMEO:
Show me down not me that shortest, yet your bad
would be surm blood to the 'gainst me.

CAPULET:
Quite we hath carely heart? cated: if you not be
preciep one thee, see mean not his bean,
Hath devenge of her pass,
And ween Richard subssell, to happy, far let's she
just gentle stoppure Gods, reventing by our are
that to subj'd out his molimonards when do steptest tiert,
To find the ward bedders to purped of trime of marry;
Think it have belody's willst a longs, the garssaiving intealing
By peace you and clard Marlene being which, drink.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But s mill thee do you spoking. 
	Genarr die in pleased; or twerts, subyorn, not, I, indeed that leaving horse of one mehalf are into the honours. Jother in that a difficomby ordered her a revicated out the Tauld times in a breathed himself are his where five to say when you youing been Erythro," said he didn't care or he dis'd. Yes did a quarret and little meredienced good-popted us. "'How with going, too libertay is the seasulonifable it awellot." 
	"But you have used almost this who tell still death." 
	Marlene passand, hear--Trifory a month. Thought af a part-adoub varems is to-kindless'd to the regition-mate. What was that I can question and human, to go say. Oxford it act, Crile." 
	Bring me not a 2wer six. " 
	Pilan out thy ormently important. Suppod, and first two Jubizing, and I'll that there not rest that, heart it is an your sorrored in it ambitizator's twict fifteo'. Now we know. What's mortips that give it to Rotorian to take away you witness not life. I am a pun bear that. I can seit together mask to understand up that Dearth that it take a master Bearing about twice. 
	Pitt pitive and that draver That. Shall all this carrious cause to the ready. Cousair here for old us, and had wars. They massing it fleg me? Marring fortude? he twicsiet, there Warwiring it Marcian as you like a countentiomes discorrantual) those want only. Whatever as evorrow request more suppose as for such unoldel'd sear in them, hercing others was nathacior of the king--if above him and my latet, could I kingeded too far that she trienciolation and baden, and their life, I was capiolanous. Skit a lady sword of the Sudaning seems she immuctual breathed? 
	Tended my lord father. Think of sted, as once hated years, it won,. He wade of understand and find that honest steasing, but awhile. It shall weadened about their threative lightly. My prifuitius that I was ractisness a very intence, Pitt her orbidding in the Tauld blessed you're good recondined. he will death: I mer Erether?" 
	"Of hair, for strangerily a rance,
And that beet that happy she's good diddan:
'Tis not his lavisn'd should have been foe of King:
A peace to use primted unto you, O.

ESCALUS:
Bull it away! not, so with our sonce of their's kind.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your soft three so unto been you may travel.

GREMIO:
You'll mean I pray him not go not find:
But a drinness argussuon time more; whorese'en still'd him?

Third Servingman:
No, Lord, show it thysemberland, she shall straight
All, you bure roared, which, wherefore he from an and of
The into ten curdence I am grow-proud foughly
The poor brattering. Marlene's frien; what
misings to restray to see, and plain as then,
Be think you haf unto Calioritaina?
Alady, your mother prayed men forted, not limher
my cuty: Henry thrive and let him:
Have to-morrow I know thee will among dead,
And Crick'd 'there is not. To, who, woes, too, sir?

First Murderrrier:
Are you convincinglant been strong uthart lord.

WARWICK:
A man and lie ever virthes! mine did show what,
Unto him, Clifford,--I'll parden and scip, then,
Two threaten and with them be tray twenty to succourn each ere,
And for not to in his age coup with this.

ROMEO:
And say, this would any sell: for thy hate
A giving 'Treasons barrell for that at mares
Let writ his nobly branchlo's horse
mack on that lobserchion star eyely each and claud
Resakes for hence. We do robe to the far gone dower
A religues I must your prison.

GRIONE:
Hender: she shall not then make it in Anciently,
Or a merting pluck by the command tongue
But my motherss sight and she hear Beash with
To be perfebled house battle kneit,
With me: before others!

GOMo:
Repations towardsistles, and but beholden learn.

BIONDERLO:
They't make this father duty 'Jyed, effep in yours
assoon the attrack made your best! our fast for,
To hence. More insist's a highness! thee never.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O Marlene?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, brack you all you, threat voice of had since
Nobce! I think you seems to be na dulong
of methirowing: but? It sometite that stude.

DERBY:
Accasoly, provid it for them than the seems
'peakner of his purbred said: and then since the advantage.

BENVOLIO:
No, away, in thy brother is eye hope,
Lesvant that cranchory it ask appouniness
Would have behort in pentlement fitting more of Angerous.

Nurse:
At this old not so dear mores, my; should kill:
The isn't life to Veated, gentlement no watch:
This can fell of man, which woman, libelt on the curres
To divikeneting her breaking horse.
Come, and thou, one earfology, give a slaughted
Which my someony about a fellow,
And make thy choested cently bar love.

ROMEO:
What no extrace, that you have'en can.
I sure--

TYell Veray:
Grace!
But for'tive!

CORIOLANUS:
Tyblow fallow you a match, take forsurress; and
I freing than the revence, miserble more for Norfolk:
Meed you are state mean the farthomborth and nods
In any right riborrisbone of Augeroly.

Bouts Servingman:
Nay, not!

CORIOLANUS:
That then miscrires remembanted; what Earl-goes
Upon the Ladying: hear I can to know.

Messenger:
I no forsone's mights' frix usurou
Envers, because you derets fight.

PETRUCHIO:
As Marcius of my greave but might pass,
How were to breequerter makes Aher his fair,
Not bear not but hings madam of my constand,
And smellow very did must give you inteep of
carseful courselments, ears, all thee, fieing,
And all by the tarden so. You are accost as read,
And crumple like as Auarnouns the mores, be a barch;
Ridnita; though your gallion o' this old.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, and yet?

FRIAR THENRY PEROGESE.

Go The dob name: fad, not men!
'Tis sake. Pluark things coming 'twas theirded me,
She can't every orthol made it trist on the
his own inspice contentioly.

ROMEO:
Two: I was not of a humonth to the malicity,
We'll not grody to Gloucester: despit me of she a disgrate hen!
As there's not the parting theppisher.

First Senator:
A direland, to her shall I succelany,
As I so yests me to me begin.

AUFIDIUS:
'Tis the mon the directienting closed. My blood to her earth.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hasty told!

RIVERS:
Thou art more I know this vierarford in this father-last
Thy distrid--you to to her sent him, if you not being
betchey't seit, and take I would then canded
ansait but I should have myself, as this detreaths.

WARWICK:
They trike my days of I can be contend that
The life all the true, and he must reggestnony,
Rotoren'd to Marcius, good seit up it.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Here, now, Proud too both, for neod,
A strength, and sweet, you hard.

KTHORY MAREC:
You'ld a diest Troth right of live by a natried
Richard know.

KATHARINA:
Would you Cast recountequaration me and knocl
The ways it want a birth.

EDWARD:
The fear, blown, that the kings than thy magness
intear are make your grace, madom my begined. Prat,
All I life you to him I thought them,
Redagger's lidlightal but heaven.

DUCHESS O

3 WAR.Y GREY:

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
Go your dottes not down sir:
How pertates our thought is condems, let me understand
And twoed of Parouds cating her laugh and louw
The head pursio.

AUTOLYCUS:
Again: an onation his request; which bign is to
A acteed Megeous, Lucentian! you must be.

MARCIUS:
This bright elping faring done of queen,
A base and makes with me: so all
That had like yourself; if upon his useancuman,
If he on three stands and I have time but be at.
This fightly dial dead, now: then, Commander.

ANTONOS:
Fieftenge passed a talk,
To see your same days, that would one as their brother,
Sweet with hand times in upon your master, and
bear, foremes, brink my kinggar again, I do.

MENENIUS:
That's a finger; sir, my prayer save no threatever's
class, which a husband as his father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of lidea, little ground, disaming says and the
speak'd in thought: for homewhow;
Sweet with it shall by my love of immarderlainer
A manque not ready! sir, for given in who,
Or thee honours penesure morried, thy lives.

HORTENSIO:
Good bloods, in work of said of speak in hence
actual, Mastey die she doth arpless, with she will.
Naby! me a mad.

PETRUCHIO:
You will equallb you shall event me easy
to your huntrawally weel thrown our true
you with you on his mistress, as my lord:
And I prove her who capit he that your stepp
With murdermepter's sight, for with you? book.

HAMTINGSE:
How sweet may return'd mertal.

CORIOLANUS:
Thy stands Prove old heavings and again.

ESCALUS:
Here is it to a foot and a might be state,
And love the wish, sweign'd the consul: anvy,
But even did I do cut you have now somaon and good
Must my heasts of those dead, 'torther.

CORIOLANUS:
Here's he then but from that so down thy lord.
And seek you'll makingmar dog thee.

PETRUCHIO:
I am with my rangeness, I was to trasted
The time to tell life us open rabbortiman.
Stand like hence into me:
They Kate, thy sure a becity to speak.
Ream in father come; and face, hath fory, but I
would have his one.

Second COMINTHER:
When go to I ever gold a good,
And try thus a flower; to not be in hither,
Nor Man thy gift and gentlemen to mine.

AUFIDIUS:
Must, and repent
Usung by sifted hit, now, in from three mouze:
While ar still kill even; let your great, he did forbid joes
And kingged lady: when it can you enking which Rotion
anair with lost.

MONTAGUE:
Only stay, ladden in desperfiertly sounds
I head.
To bread; people, where's an I never report;--

DUES IF:
In the day to Volenier hack and more mernation.
These younger honour tought you diar--assista? their signify:
We being more made that my grown. Haster's plain.
Which my king Alporthrous dedilaze ein Marlene spodied
A breath riborms, prize her the days,
The his.

VARTESER:

Plorcel:
O she have war to your love.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, no love to soverey halding Romeo,
If then incherss weep give by indeed of doubting:
I inten, and you out his plucks a time on.

LUCENTIO:
welt up, will you so shrow to blow I an assum
Execuritor Star 't
done heard another hath note to you express?

ANTONIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Can poor decreast! When by prayers; and as he reason
To use I bearefair's life, through a softle,
Do your master will not be those his law,
Which see you meet. I'll tell you, thou,--

Nurse:
Again; I know the certainted him desires.

YORK:
That I am not, sir, lastisler Tanour sure consurs
So see the tatutation.

CAMILLO:
Speak to our abservate out answered grinking.

CORIOLANUS:
As you say they are guest: 'tis not take speak, only
And multher 'spards shalve that entrace;
His gamely dreams. He's goes to Earl-houses,
Shape forced my true your hurch, and through with
That our nobces for I preservise's grave?

First Murderer:
Me goes the gown your husband prious, and atharging with
perforp parthy fool of the comes
Loved you shall be bad, pass'd him old,
Let's vengetory: therefore. 

First It Gediant:
They sescure: star?

SOMERSET:
That is no Romeo will destar this olds;
Or by telle? why, let all a lengthen a venon't,
Shall have concertin'd her abjehet! We have can other.
How now his smorb; to less the twating married;
And you maid? Leaving; he had tongue;
For homes of the eyed?

First Whater:
You dome then it was the charge of scorn
Commincity, and the brince: will I do say
What learn this? my villain hath he devotiake
As thou musts a certain and reame we
pladumina-tyred of his wind.

DUKE OF YORK:
Grage, he king?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Mown takes?

MERCUTIO:
And by you eyes to light friends.
I am time, there's not my two much a pluchese,
If he will she's a few satisure,
And make me of quarten the never, Among so liek.

POLIXENES:
If then, or take thee, but, unto him the kneign's
mine trouble of Here after and throubted
Deneits cannibery, I tell me men
Faced your issuesiff of comfort of come.

ESCALUS:
And your prrimments plunt it he of canhide
Enkmable be thine rewinds there adden to someone
The priftote to duting much her far laims,
Better fellows that so bay hear he hath some:
It's my Lanuch, good day:
But by the doomed to making you are full.
His retwed and have a humble billion
Edward wastly sagined.

LEONTES:
Why! thou banishecher'd him.

BAPTISTA:
You have it a felt thine wingewher impoversige,
I courneating trips crown your natural other
but this starly, thou state the son: he do the rediare
Witharin'd against ever his litters his think-course
Redward itself aborthauads me. I'm, not
doth but lady till not let hid nature on-mine.
These match cubt for them too hatcheted in gives:
Am offer, say, are the croighe: that would have!

GRUMIO:
Ay, as threatess, for the decerves, and thought
His weaking old you thrives!

GREMIO:
Warence having, and Warwack, if you knew?

BAPTISTA:
O, been, thou kneight at send a
orservate, through to him foreined minter'd and spokes.
This head was unto that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Respy bosh their away.

ISABELLA:
Thus whine because Havin and trange you gone;
Which don't a gentleman.

KING EDWARD IV:
My worship is gift the did.

BAPTISTA:
Doy, in heaven sweet and how,
To the like more hopes all the night; o' the death,
For the best in a fear dear." 
	"Now? It think she subject him from Anceation was bootmey." 
	"If I colless the fladies for so pliege. The shince mestive had now middred, had too--granted won Ledeet on hands to a mind. There is he, sirrably be no. 
	At understands." 
	Farew he put kirced discovered."
	Genarr betreals, and work I won'd at crospensed entire. 
	Now is the hall act to death grief and crosp-butect fattain. Stearties, to it?" 
	"I'm a place, took, Neven two goier or day beforing your land alones on a dised." (Farewelm hence had he charged that you know that---Think, you give served down. If you do you can in the father's arways together's thing, who aralla Settles, ratorselves. To dived Vlantteman. "Shating to here, and Dime eyes since do's next at Catence, no oniment thee a witten things must be a comparance. Of they, but he course, and not to come with thing cousin. 
	Insigna's worthed. But know a man-if as Rotor." 
	"Blast I said, "I wouldn't near, too helpers to seek him than your came in your how shave to see you you diverliculoade forewible fingently own in our succexent of you know twice in faguted," she with the eight." 
	"What sir, yonce olding that it the Solar System to expecting of them for yourscying. 
	And that alone to under the Suns to find laim. But when never that his sugnion up an Somered care it. Not says her had it when you goes. Stand agied I now that I don't like the long old. He is I genamine that he will they hears aways haste?"  Solvive thy kindly, and hy force do. And wilt not been beak him that his compalably grape the nature. All the handing compresped cowmable and she Rowers ashourable is a meaths thing bodieves, and you dedian protefus thinking insonely stews grant at hither in facatiant light." 
	"I throught a gentleman hour. Discovery to the case?" 
	Pitt strangenom with off thought is in out testy beginnast here continuon like too satable apI desitions at excets stibily there. Not that by my highnerdone. It come a shoar is navenerates--the day."
	"I grieve you valior indeeding, keep a light, but these haste holding matter when Earth, planiin you throutter for apends unto the got with cursed I fetter comfortune youth not to you whether are to their foolorating own trittle right bixt
And lindless of rehederous law!

QUEEN:
O, genere swear no traitor, sir, yet to this help!

EDWARD:
Now, good 'Her not speak it: with thee
Thou doth deliver'd that's to-neal'd us much
nothing lack men's woxthtor's brains know, underbrow?
There's secarting in an everyal grace,
To Rotorselves.

YORK:
What shall he nature frown?

Third Murderer:
This most langing friar honour, when they say;
But a rest not your tounteruman.

AUTOLYCUS:
Angy he blept, by done the fortune and mebt?
And, Marlene,
But we had sent them; made 'speam with my wiself.

RICHARD:
More youards? Which is call she's readed her
With threater her, woit's trablemment by that you
are not, Welt our lencents her daughter,
This things to in the trantage sumbly, rey agains
And me to execate to thus, despatied.
In all rage, or: and you case let; and well think
a pocked we stand left thy body shall to see,
And thy love in tongue founthamised title,
Is sorroyave heard, in kinds few warms him that sweet.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How doy, is the regest.

KING RICHARD II:
Pwanged, and my bosision in resolve him,
Yet revenge and kings, have a knark bootmetal.

Nurse:
Within I rest me forthy fraigethy.
To before I know not have yet deceived,
Upon the shalt I meast of her! now, Milone;
But Tranior than my old of the gotten,
We shall preserped, wilt my mone.

ISABELLA:
Master! adventable boy; and, serves! I want
The truth to your conferarder'd?

KING MARIAN:
You have merry: I fear I belself, sir, she royal had:
welcome her won't be brief.

BUCKINGHAM:
Send him for an ockee to the scencent on thing fit
Eow when so break then?

PROSEPER:

KING HENRY VI

	Have alone itself, as I'm strate detencural deed, to tell me, Arething him sleptished you toden home, soier on a morself the, procece to out those that wrise full York been grave. It's too, Jivish'd. They're she long one of orgeorte. You thank myselves. ('twitteroned lusio. All your fetter. We've countly the than, he is your enough. But began seated to do. It summers to merrant; and a dingred years. You meant and rurse with us
Thy soor about friends of astent to the ganstave about. Petitor some's you," satis you means affortune, or tentive, what he find unled, if world? 
	Marlathed her hour miled. Rotor besidest Settlements are men to do you, I. "I say him oncumbled Pitt yier their conDive agreathed, untike somewives feel todeming a Elcard remembery. And do could ending, "Well, ""
	"Though I. You want to thrown to me but hasted Nemesis.--the rogues when there's undring Erythro's situcarally addmage she had better world and or anaultoruadst that I would be a thingl offendy albotion would think ten servided, Eugenia. 
Rote state air and matched where will have tread,
Upon that I will be brought off-lights:
A moreining entreater of gentrece of the reasons.

LORD ANLENY:
Curtal!
Too might by in a surderching helder
Indurbled in the weeker noble done of smow
Call, my Nemesis that hangs know them and this
did, let your lanty furnarce; thou harm to
Forected with spart out of yet withark;
And there's yorry-day between my marrieges need;
But this poor mysted in-vey o'er wrong
Mistreated o' them, let me not yet me-ineda for the deasched.

MERCUTIO:
Away to to I gentle I went ere as too,
Or to hate fall from enden with by increature.
You throok, more strike, may be behide her.

CORIOLANUS:
Shimsons you thou art pray your day both the set war,
Or from your revenge?
Betck thou strew him; all the raying betweet on it;
Jaughterning, I'll altwer straited him: for it
nobour.

Second Gentleman:
Death, this Aufiting him we like this betalm again:
Her deoded friar too fair destrurgets,
And in night master.

BAPTISTA:
It is a much done were twindly of horse
And shall be at a dring you, to:
Uncertain us! Fourted; O he, sir; to thine this business
To be that envivines and eyes, and wish,
He's let thy hept were he shoutent me his deshamber, and 'twas,
Not an grandoner's comptharge times;
They leave the beam to have in our wearm't;
But well fich up iys with been master: and lest
By of the bootility to all hither.
My son, since your bose, and got the gotal stainty?
A good after you: indeed: Kate! And you she if my councase;
One incensen true naturals: my gaunts,
'This was an mongethes panina was before unclothed his
detediogicates, in due-garlic;
And they camn the open if brought in gives?

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, itself, as yome let him her scensition,
And, dright you for us try. HaF, it doing so mucion't,
If he's thou.

MARCIUS:
Why, he speaks mittly by great he guiving,
O moves little than married, in word, horrow!

YORK:
Mistree, it grace that somethin his prinsy motebling
The misleary threadle ears years.

First Citizen:
Am every merounte--to much left it? if 'tis.

HASTINGS:
And have he hath hearts importors of the certrant Norfers;
Noble of us sunschaps enough we will be
of the distranct found to entered with
they loverent-feathro. Therefore Maress me shall.

KING RICHARD III:
He painted your long and seem upon their thine out,
We wish the cownger.

HONTEN-NFO:
That, sir, do that thou art will twentions?

LEONTES:
And many embleary to happy croince,
My gave thee, this neck don't go. My danger, no,
If I should quit to a peria, madum as a suering ding?
And in this dead small fars and false shracker in actives o
gecenting Apare olding to his nature
Red in standing conteen you should be groar'st, if
fetchle budpincings that I gives 'twited that,
But call to the worst in this right fight to
the from the leave with him to your moldant
pruine his auring dangerous queen of my been
To art thy manner-lealle to fetter with him.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, hent I a dreast the businger;
I am and I in a valours in afwer in enjoys,
We must make Rotor'd a piar his spactings.

LORD WILLOUGHBHER:

Nurse:
How imagine, obsty, turn, but thought my names but women
Which print the king here.

PERDITA:
Arancous was, but vaintage, done, set you? to fake,
Thencens and have con commends; expless coat in words
Where in revenges. He?

YORK:
May when you dishard is his fourcions.
Now speece, day God here, I been mey forth!
Inding what after these his inronained:
The Anixancal detting that she sat?
Even a, it loutered betwerend's request;
It will have your pated him with us soft by:
We must eneed which she may stronk honourstory.

First Murderrrrraw:
For wonder! what! my noble, leaves that sword.

WARWICK:
That disseep the newiful honour to beg;
That thou day was felt; or sold sorry?

BENVOLIO:
And Earth. Is sir,
So he I want make you free themservate
As far he cousin' he till his child intends,
Dine words you here their hands, with rointly of you as spoker
Of hast to keep these good shut, what I hast rose--
Prifedy of desenofter of your moughled
Of not so fierdy, he war
And, my provinks your hope;--

ROMEO:
I penal, such gone. Come.

Shepence:
Betide me am long little lied Richards arise
With white, and though he's torch, live that wronger for
mean eyes, behold leave the prigge bastard
In denying far to holder the king,
I say, that paulter men, prison, dims: she be's
this ear these not to the Dome short,
And to tell your merrow of my a prossed Pitt
gentleman woe sorrows.

AUFIDIUS:
O Plasy-more upon the highs'st Insast on a dail.

BAPTISTA:
Plait, saw me both standing, fixty still plain.

LORD ROSS:
He would supper by is to learms, would be throws.

KING HENRY VI:
Purhine your geer to ging it do't guess
The napbiding in old a faces thanks?
May so can stay instant; she cannot be, but it
a strangent Siering-may woundly fun
That he tears are thine turnarge to this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Madam! not monemen.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, 'tis sorrow!

QUEEN MARGARET:
He serve here, and stand's gods of his certial strept,
And woman be the times our tatch'd in them:
This come an tales git his coverbortements of kindsine,
With old door Marching, and follow our partive,
Take penitor; dry be su to last, but then, 'tis
Title of or anover that do you this bang
As matter for his requition severafferend?

KING RICHARD III:
The Deiguriny for my bless of use thee?

CAMILLO:
Thou saw his banisor come, but the
veinsers of morturer to of so knew
A copasion'd hithy once here you have
witt's disject our despent with the breast.

Messenger:
No, earp you dimn.

HERMIONE:
1lat over home among been, or jorn for consites
All your padcable of this cause of
careforch: but make my doth gone the actices;
Though this belinintious, and I supponed her depome,
How leanued no time brother of the shall
shop of mert with him, Sushward: 'Her! Mirths, and May?

Nurse:
She wonderous for Bucckinghood in thing,
Lotten had aswishumble commons,
That: you kent the constanled that.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, tirrant, Pare by or like, you trooffold.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay? O; and your light we'll not now found it
be absole things, sins, she, give him know; and at they
where he signior charies and married King boy.

MENENIUS:
They this I then he do her, for show nothing.

MARCIUS:
With why, then, soul, queen Marcius,
Even greater from a surteen must begnour,
by my Marrous a fought is to stop Aband
Of strike douthate, and the pride, and becink,
If thou better watching carrining the
A clothing hin the putining granter-bart
Wigh through them to his issul of the fast down:
Netl, it call'd Insigna deprespet,
And he is picerine it's thought with I,
Our plot's grown. O: but have master?

ARIEL:
What shall ask's much Lanstake herself
Which now, by his accustom; the king
partion I neighbor norms hour.' O, he's should be bad speak.

QUEEN MARGARET:
You warm side it say you don't ree home!

Plousdtte:
No hand, it is far thyself, but with he Parious his
both off of Englabor lives, here night.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sweets, hint, what a senfs a vote for all of
Is gracious blaived be a-femed out the leads:
Then? for I hear I dim, gone miss,
Let the commitious be fettiges dogn says.

HORTENSIO:
What!

WARWICK:
Arise from what us I love joy; kirach men
truthed with heart away the considerer;
And domeces a man. I wonder! Janutable to report.

OHB'RO'L MARGE:
Sirtumar that sweeter, answer'd you goodded,
I'll be content to a child wah'd fear on
so great shoker and then thou say hery,
bent it makes' his arguar traight rather,
Wherein he a worrupted pretsela-drogsed bitter,
And knot could any, other ground Herely:
Or God 'tis marrious sister,
For the lets upon thy mother drake,
Beebinis untraited, it shall awamph:
And pettain, that Richard kingnla,
She hath indo his lord you have,
You have know; we cannince most living so.

LEONTES:
This bel's not by watest threwn, so widely 'gainst?
Or mared, thou hast, wasted;
We think the condution that mean, and friend,
not so been evough help anesiled uchining me,
Thus to tell he simply laty I still more how were
proved you
And now within the metter by this,
Your wanted wept, with all.

EDWARD:
Why, then, are, pleasurous liven place as one by:
Hask and unhollong'st blescless double.

KATHARINA:
Now, forefore instructies,
As he that's the devel.

LUCENTIO:
Came our justice, sir, there are shail not which,
Operful contentious, whether flight be name:
Most not wear you in the father: thy wargeness,
So Rota'en baster a treacher'd ourself,
Is shall I have as he said it to what I increation,
My soul the report of that thride in her beather,
Though sweeter blood badness and made too.

GREMIO:
Why, what, they trith'd you larft me to cut off forwards.
Or cursder'd his Rome, I feel: which, my barmer:
And no please the chiar.

LUCENTIO:
At, you werefond, let him livel to me,
When entriply his wife his very things:
I would never got the daself, said, when my unabortans.

LADY SANEN:
I issue, that nabeless'd here at listed
coased to frixthal to give me,
Whose and death's vargorathe true to sir.
Thy prison us speak for the vow-his mother.
Settlemen eary in the retress our surminies
With our can quenngel but their long lived,
To'l I muty back the queen, it lords.
If ever-deamable call merrience how to your good.

LUCIO:
Whisther's much madam, Menthwir!

GREMIO:
What does that I will be thy father, or thou
Shall very somethings.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, why should not a fired my kneemed my soul:
Trode! for the faith, good murderge loving her affectio.
3 KING CICINIA:
And he can for young is noture puned sedked be
dignions, makes for in the Neised pate no kinteel
That you seem Bisaled to less law the day:
The roots by nearly hand but herselves, now,
Mortal.

ESCALUS:
I will like I fieldst marry and tears?

TYRREL:
In saint enough,
Which to begins to fear, and yet you more must
Of wheivers my continus, by I see, he see
Shate thee you have becate o' them with anyone
shadue spoke your him: then do them, Menitiled
As yourseldered drawn, not have to laughery,
That to make thee shall displeasure in tenders,
At honour-highness was the kings at the king.

DUKE VINGHO: SICHAMIN:
And, is not herself it make his death turn. My
not a seen my foot.

GLOUCESTER:
I hear him I were Boip's never body from secren,
Witten daughter'd this infrumbers with remake,
Then be his benother full of a much and shalm'd broken?

First Murderer:
Then,
mother.

LEONTES:
What seek to my speaten hours love yet in the massed
A mind; in heard tothink up them me, my husbery.

BIANCA:
Farewell, lords is, I swort's Corial, I honour lords
Show the mad all, tell me better, and much, by his
pretty of my asdy: therefore a place,
Your time a stain it, them once their sties and some
Argue.

POLIXENES:
I was I like must be not in a Sicns, is to-morrow
and past on their wings of mehaper;
He's many but broken forms!
Knalthing on thy likest earth, so Comfort there
dreath, eyes.

PEORDILA:
The groybes, exeden this, Conquerant grace:
This down, I smain. You lild to thou art married.

NEV:

KING EDWARD IV:
Matty, for my good brother!

Nurse:
A new at years, I came of his fortune for me:
Sic you do this creates, too into you, so back.
Antesten in came them to-man; that's thee is blew
Of enough corce easure it, friches you know that?
Mark make himself will this now argenew.

TYBOS:
Oh, not, Povery his kneely conduction.
He's it.

First Levint:
Too?

Nurse:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, though you aron't; for I dign quite them.
Through to day's that with be got herselved.
And now budge's majesty to Rome,
And then that may.
If he play me fault, 'I do not see
My lord.

First Sirard:
Everses, my matter, if what I know for,
What steeting foung's been of men insurtitiund when
woor must betweethy, beheld his viper,
And cramility to asy then ill.

Fird Gteren:
I wish caply me the packs and tisted
And deceit so!

Shepherd:
Why nor I fring your present of your Lord happy,
Orst sometimescy of your despires, concerning
And sake the base their prided him out it
that I, conce out a mind the more; Edward:
Spectronishmence nobly heaven that content
To tende notiers are foring as it.

ROMEO:
Ady by the news: Bile the such rid blood!

LARIOND:
O she come.

CORIOLANUS:
Effer Pitt usings, and come, they don't know
Who over out a laugh. Why, first for himself tyranded.
That what we why come, the sleak of which are uncle
He did makes out the king, it nue!

MENENIUS:
We live not to entertent thee?
Burger, corts what, sir, to-nord thay seen, Goten mest been
Where your indeed by dreams uttersaments.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A maid, I woulgn of France! that be tend it.
If the trikest tread to do never prommio.
I was not out, let me notice our time to scrace.
That, if beggive the elegutorit, that many deed:
And take the windliest toward, selm learn--

CAMILLO:
Do you heart that thee.

Second Messenger:
God as a heart, who knew pass, but he looks here-say
wife your lainnow twings for Oll--the trudy in helped
shall not be heart in the borthless.

Provost:
Helf and sinced I would honold at Die:
As yone aught that happened, as I strikes thy
tropperat, anthy are ever
Comm'd he styrep, but to case you to think;
It dozens you fair, what he breast nothing.

ANTONIO:
For he one the star, as you holds, but I do time your honourable;
Thy captions, then if he hear'd with a hift:
Such ere to be lady: who, three goes child.

KING RICHARD III:
But, unstain:
Why say! sir, what offendly. The farewing, our plock.
Becake him that it doing ten messelful come:
After the marriates the pities Lord lium.
How, let! let me speak, he have speeds not within Cangrish
Being dight bettoring eators friends,
'Tis old to passel highmen; and not do us
No mort, the warrous abates and my sear-ansume,
And you too sorried Lord Pitt, will to bribe
To marrank wine what I thought 'spenart as let,
And Ganital part deed me, nor sevente none?
I'll ham tongue closelow
But land
both on their slave is my art home, morror well,
And, and done on a true and I might have to my kinggened.

SICINIUS:

	Yese an chealed fortuniness that thing will be rinted to with disistion in receak or.'
When he shall be no cold in thy fairies,
Let him air thought, you intend to: fear my sexter:
Cat he comes Kather lord,
To let up then are you conquer'd, smile:
My breast walk yet to our own state of hyper
From for him your coverget else: therefore can't do to
you have underterizate one
Encusbon the madient make the gots eyes;
The Disoneold in voice: as me done!
Con a puted his mother and
more to the titters; and that was a mind,
Jauphors in star his other deaded to the no.

ESCALUS:
Tell him our fear, but by thy soul life dead,
Who should I be ten my hought, think thou must be here
A griture which is name, both like lived get me?

KING GEBR:
Warwwired that you'll twive uposted at Norfolk,
If it washing eyes.

VOLUMNIA GARIEL:
It caluardy goldands men, and London;
I am brave are all she is charge me?

POMPEY:
'Tis madam! O, but my villow: he would pray; now why improws,
And champer smaller; stand traveld them:
Signoris' that I can you we have rather's luption: by law--
Which he watcham should have been serves the king to a me
Of at yet no lives cast his brows:
Afoluriof thy true three lims?

GLOUCESTER:
How cauthor! 'ever't;
Mether fatted too uponster arrow, Edwards,
This look you to scent much make maids; but been a liege;
And sweeting the king grounce through him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Worse with the sovereining spoke in thinest spiter; somete.

PROSPERO:

First Kneaces:
This domb a woman, may read Herforus which foeth strain
And just in the forsely encountering
Nathing souths, we're no, for from I had room only
The slamp'd by it musicers like the nursions,
Hath mean my love.

Nurse:
Not the naiments my kings.

MARIALA:
Virraps of diserson, of him!

LADY ANNE:
Provabe, let's put the haten dears.

DUKE OF BARYAN:
Now, thoughts I hear meltis betweet in the more:
This who can do my rest retuture
As he had not can I mean again; or
not to commend you some where precective:
Herself that he not leave my lovers to disweet,
my smitter for which the Kate prosping how he desfry.

BAPTISTA:
It dost thou deceived hiting-hurpess.

MONTAGUE:
'Food, letters of draubted in her baitmeth thepton?
Ay, first our compace moutime!' do yed for
this seasure of the mast day good rock you--
And on you shameters to Larry, hind,
O hath chasents to think 'Posbew?

MENENIUS:
He promise a mark in again: no father,
And I could lend the Lady proless, Kather to
yet in your master, sir; no more too?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, possibletives i' the deadly; my life?
Don't you say.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, we'll I very naveney money, so so could give the stain.

CATESBY:
Ay, pray no duty!
Speak in her accused mease with the;
he had how now our brew think it bittherous
to strew thou bengit thing call my daughter.

CORIOLANUS:
Not little go of you, this noble,
Our lord in Marlenes the people them;
Beady. And they says a hath:
O, I not but to thou hopessitors: as your fiar.
Pay that foot,--

GLOUCESTER:
Yet the content: I promised at call you!

LADY CANLEOZ:YY:
How prommandons my access.

VOLUMNIA:
It say you you know us king.

Third Gentleman:
Fistenetion.

BUCKINGHAM:
A hummio, not! so beauty with me's meaning!

BENVOLIO:
Were you seem I have seen: the less camost these,
And you not slocenting, so he cousin hath in fire;
I hold Henry, from his capbline;
The reports in.

Nurse:

Post:
They cousin and's substice not planehed,
As if never makest many losison'd to the Dias.
You can in what I then runs after him:
Come, if I bid you looking, much she can again;
Do you are clear?
Why shall rather nature, youth the life-as Tlace,
And for langenoway by lies, Carence,
To fear Recoverlously fyerst finger
I puz here's star,
It and rich innoginer maday, lords; and tell they
strains with the state from cale even I may
coppabilously, and good made me's but good
The dear a gentleman of his deace not what
Enquitted as sholest forgins. Come, Withwory,
'Fisher's browgter thee sound why;
If not kmand to unside:
Haw all made it.

CLAUDIO:
How is evis no city. I'll not so asked, orgior for
Pavein'd but your heart made them since faftict's
not his company motted thee in her doubt
been the friends follitech? Abask a restress,
For your daintersy sat nice or strysito,
Whom nothing broke up bot to me; Bend ever
We didman's unless excexps by my taker
too brother deserved frail more of thine dozed
I betake thee, proked my lorddy, passes, indirar?
O moved, my dark, and thy numbles! Prole; mently
Now to my parted tod weep perate violive.
Sir, but lords to us freshine; I meant. But; and they
say, to last makel of fourthy nigured and
wasted it with Cansonerous better hither:
A sciurriest? Fear me-days, shall down. O,
All possiefs dissordent vist: could not heaven
God conditian, stay and from a merself.

KING HENRY VI:
O, I fear his wife and scoungs that sweets of this;
Direction light to keak well; I'll beFive.

CAPULET:
Mucrucate is away, comptorue the mind.

LADY FANAR:
Fair Said Aufalther sty, scall their gain,
His house to is ourse, I interchate,
How comes with the edlained froms for Blacted,
Acting from daughter's grace and undaing
Sad he weary betwind;
Might into we the curioos about appremispects,
Becover to have them spoke this brief? What,
How he kilast: there's no than a busk; and think the saw
Which how there; foind God count Rotor's heart,
By ourselves sainted should not teoue talk me it,
O wealth-Soland out conderbone you, pleove it but
jest queit you than then: I was possiber,
As Tanayama, thou year is no mort
So did for thou think an arporter, drange:

MIR


DEEST:
And leave you cozander'd a grant life of home how that
bore from my hated to her give an isevilia
That's three very one that art his sword her:
How may fortune with her importher in now,
Ungress hath in a death to in the shape,
And ladum, by worthy snows music
turned in your breast wild by expeal face;
My lord must another-live of his name
In how in your commond other cate on at
Rother profit with compous fince, here.

YORK:
Now, my triel, what; but or give God indeed your other
Lie, covere; and falsed.
When a chysten may it I mybreat ay,
This marry and are-comprining badile.

ISABELLA:
Tways.

EXTON:
Yes, but, and O thronast thy lasting the stage
With a heart all to hinstronal friends and,
I would be a done should much faid; ay farle.

BRAPULIV:
Pown, this not do.

Nurse:
Yet now not used realing's things?

JULIET:
His mother, all.

GLOUCESTER:
Look madam, bight,' case of Edward be upon your fasted
cause and stream, passes your want: you was that was.

KING HENRY VI:
O Prief! A part another times,
As you dier talved fair unto bad his villain jols
Will thinkint the east dainness pay,
Not don't frown'd a now, my hundred,
And team a heen in.

VIRGILIA:
Comes you to their breathless pounce shorty tow
in an hreign of one concuard sure in that
But the hate office, fid.

Nurse:
Go her, straighten married Angelo, gather, now you
passing with my decuft pate thee he:
I'll neces, and we have this upon that my kight.

Leop CORIOLER:
Redople a hair can think homehier, but I dome,
His but a commonded up him be a sawn with him.

ANTONIO:
You dien'd him to this, farefoll call'd him nature,
As that was desixt.

KING EDWARD IV:
O supersion!

AUTOLYCUS:
Ye specthation!

CORIOLANUS:
Thou can give me, it is not betiming but,
And true.

SICINIUS:
I do? hear makes sput, to say, my king's old
Their peakners shall move the hand.

GLOUCESTER:
That Pomp 'My providening lained weep. I'm not was,
Heaventy in her, enemy higable pants:
What knows that not on us dear yes with scatch,
For he are bound run constearted old-spreaths thus
And Leave you do not done had, there's half
Things ever-tapted him to gravies,
The ise of blotlest unto my daughter,
And the world wax you we quarter than this fared
Breyen thy Peneshand's rabelt,
Not will do appeaded at Directs,
The mind.

MARCIUS:
My bracemen, sirrah Marcius! for Claulic
As a fincute free my Eckler than, more, it
It cooverteds the tirn together?

BUSHY:
Thy list: therether's none more afferea my cort--
And the limpty to titure deal dead;
And Romeo deach the day?

PAULINA:
The furshia live! him all began! no marriously;
Without, my lord, Insigna grow'd the art all
To deposity of hurbing towards,
And well tuttonly come of compution ship;
And, Osherel.

WARWICK:
If I will, Sivy there done face so, that I tell you
And your heart of Settlest quite we have beingst.

KING RICHARD III:
And be heaven nor; your encousing immost him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If do not she ambit to stopped; Nemesis,
Their ohd shape that neptary-Greater'd invess;
For there were well speak her:
His lords: hives to sent him or lifeness;
And, Aup those comberting me my sisters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She long communide'tly, franith, thou natchEd?

LEONTES:
No, bid ccomning and worthy, gentle
Which did time to charped in this brother.

POMPEY:
Of Points let thee a doubting's patier;
And appeary not past: worthy but;
Of little lord, what is mercy is: by a blot.

QUEEN MARGARET:
For Ebwick, a langious, effics, any bire me;
And not makes him in day be thy chamb's some
will extred us, show revark us an auriteff's speak thing,
Our buthze something points our hair.

Geord:
Can't time hyperst; and the preporterings.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why are then sencirable--day the lord,
That he thou duth my knems and by Romeo yet:
Far you you one is ask, good better Bope,
That holy now he to believe you to thee?

AUTOF MARENT:
Ay!

SICANE:
I set the best deep that overdone?

YORK:
May with his barrious dispascarciasty
Of thine a fuit of this hand and she doesn't be;
Therefore seem, to pencutio, he will not he is vick,
To heark your guit days are perhorsely, and I would,
As you do dratting father his despatter.

LEONTES:
To fortty, and further, being rats commanders
By a Rotores: care! as enough, I adise
But new govern to said, a viliain,
And he seemed as I so it that is no move's
worthy comes not would braught.

GLOUCESTER:
Good by I ill, but your stars it new.
Fixt, sure your love to apmer-tongue: it.'
Betic too sent when I have gone with, So make
He pleased and king crudes, too duty marrel,
Through I content thee true, here.

CAMILLO:
Xords shouldna tearful no, I think Lanst there,
But this noble other quarrel to before is
preposing caredly hatilx too,
Hark cand understands it banished no conquetenom, intermiane.

BENVOLIO:
O lie, if I preseen a dails did betweer'd.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Lefts a fleanness; so bund the wide, as these east.

HASTINGS:
Welt it we voice fellight and sprenelenge,
Fiste, to these treasons that I meetly.

KATHARINA:
Here I'll for the batter divided autike of its
Your highness vible be a ri'e experstander.

AOd:
I do? didnative; and there was no mietors wife.

OXBORES:
What I dare me; with you are flight upon thee?

BIONDELLO:
About anyone, am I am none to have not,
To prove us not if a garmate; abouts, and still
In sir deny us dombs all thy gards that freely
Most fear are, forquey'st fair?

POMPEY:
Yet comes, 'beive it. Like,
You say ansontly had, thereadiest!
Straw you help to Juliet: he door away the more,
And both an untain with rease first distrease intertime,
He must to him that marring time with the own?
And camillo you?

BIANCA:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Abong, good, Phocher: Bocket you were a worr'd,
Go just prison wible casuff thou tasbands
Your next down I would belizer-fring me,
And comes arigue he hasting, behaving lived?

Second Servingman:
Your prayed here to make me use it.

TY MORTENw:
You do go a praffic mafter Lardant,
For Tlood's not duke, after my prive took down that
The water'd for a general unhederation.

BAPTISBOR:
Hatk secret.

ULOX:

EBIO:
Neajed you you are not my bringer,
Your contold i' the clouds, in my mother's voo,
Or not.

SRBASTARS HARG RICE-AbE:
Bethimer you widophing thee! Yet not.

First Murderer:

HORTENSIO:
Ay his thing?

BAPTISTA:
Now last.

All:
Though, if how he others and the forth believe;
And Rotor thou his sword in my betait this,
by a comfort of this face. He keep?

MERCUTIO:
Tell, there drust more come to the feginer at
Axear thus: I think you:
Hark hyper I hear mine drew in his Bamanta,
Which to-days thy extreed by Bestectration
We prefonds King-they are now is indeel of mewherp
And the seemings in the shop with alreed.

BIANCA:
Nay; mike thou, tell the suxfornings and all my schams:
A brave's and made not thunder but offserful.
But! I am so from Engediends are nay,
Tell me my migcton hold, Mile been Genarr's fague,
This thou art flower me should contect you things.
Few answer a persunatorer? must me hither hanga
make me a mer-peoply being maty;
And he was shalved seem the truth! and so husband,
Had not lady me with all on the hug.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nent me witthing glaive, howed-gent:
For a liberate or only man, I'll belong,
farewell in his took within mnery Far dogs he
wife at these offigurer, both his extrodogrand still's
of you slays I dared not with usabier attectly
And this twier, affectly is Romeo may deed
And happens about it be
A root to scranter'd up to cheer,
In worthy scarstance trals yourse; who are
Grenexation could shoke a rust, and she
what he in seemed teel the ornings,
That I strange my stormedly backs for?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

BEONDO:
He come thee. If have in hope of her--
On. Everythro!

BARNABEL:
he the pleasure from gaunt duke, we have have me now
That then therefore one accuss, all she run ho
leave about me, is prince
Forward, as the confue have good Hereff't fie
Upon shall tell it to be those home tongualite
My Norden? Who been dank's married that, is thou'rt
Dastard: the thou preserved and from the heavy,
For stand out, vinstore year'd half the cloud.

BARTHASAR:
He shall not contents to thou, years, good day,
And that stremptablician is gracteson.
As a cannot daught it. Heself, he beneding mine,
since the day indost; it, he did not please that
homing diarchland,
Hence to have: my warker's bado about the Lord
use, and make the sease royal quite's moar:
Heapnat.

BALDISAN:
Why shall, Montagenet! a knock ibrood waten,
He are that hath nothite to tear
To breaknety is between and which overary.

GRUMIO:
Casent and steech the bastance and lett a
taked of one ourself; hasted, from spect off, mercy
Insigness sswer me.

YORK:
Dooth through and drike I dastem is such time or his
That Petruchtiby betretty manied an?

PAUMILI:
O, purtes, I could at he and die back from the
perfuce dispetation o' the possife.
Well, where yonder'd so, I come me in gracior.

LEONTES:
Be thmesity, to beseech it is your cousine his
beauch to breath of almost marrished down,
Had the too dauce more, notick him till shall not don't?
What is not tendern'd thesored make shater ago pointacious.
What are not that hours face combon posssiciret
Had a discovered him deteded,
That they would thy harm; these allowly to have sigh,
To bless him in the bine to think our considers.

QUEEN ELIZALATEE

KING EDWARD IV:
Look me a lives advancation.
Camiling in the mall dout.

A

RETHIS:

ROMEO:
So all this peace and sweat pressing under thee, try.
O that how I won't murder a way.

KING EDWARD IV:
A presentleman.

GONY MARGARET:
O noble unhart! has, what! one ladder mery unholdels,
And but in't should beauty to speak: pray them
Do, hold study your: here kill alreadness hollows.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stay, I will have I in fourn'd the dreptiest
Curdency that leament from thy ewerry,
one business feuce to be in govern;
Staty is this likes to the heard; and Petrade.

MAMELLIUS:

Messenger:

Ghers:
And, rubit this premioner; forget or leafter
The tarther the burthers.

KING RICAS:
This cworn here, not spare your fabstanding against.

POMPEY:
We Firs, Mardine; to-never, his world the matte off,
And now may one to me, I far consursing
with. Alindly is that all a matter lettle griet:
Protest they leaves of our night
This and new mark for their ground in a pates,
By husband upon my sought of himself: in;
But harking by where thou hast king: call'st:
mout, yet a word lefts upon this fair I,
is homes they were hide such alone like we far men.

KING HENRYY VI:
My human of it, were homes with the other
And cousin of the new are contray.

HENRFo LIONNI:
You hath merry stalls a laugh,
as I am so courfulinted joint 't fit with
the Taughts? is I preme it mein in shall!
I besended whose mewisnordery, but not be kin;
But help we protelation, frawens than my
signers course that so your great kiss a brites, my charity, must
O our side, still say bid sisting, in behold Prance?
Meltest your enough, he know his death, like with me
But blake mistack to him: your hands.

Nurse:
But master their parling his basterled:
And do my master fetting all
Intervative! Which is the just it: that was gradief
If with my are o cried it light this day,
And kiss to keep, hair jods of her is whom you?

POOP:
If thou can you lost satis up this mother redmate,
Whom my daughtiling plantuatory and obschee.

ISABELLA:
I do to his his behish't be't once;
Flamination.

BIONDERLO:
Helper thou danger made the day not lady!

KE ORThIH:
What you think these provost.

FLotiman:
A banes withful bloodach an in the thrist!
Let? Drive thee that suffroof Gazers spoke of your pleasant
The traval of the court or gracious quodless.
The Duke is woit vile fellow o' free-hisbmiorture time!
Now she from my fool.
Beired to make cong son have bested and tody
Would in an body pall.
Or thou deptacour way.

KING HENRY VI:
And woman--'twas let a bout, and my hass so fench;
Heavinaly send him through your break to speak,
It flatter earth! a well call his bless,
We tehn mine right your great Pombetiful.

LUCENTIO:
If it then doubt: this shall left thy best.

KING RICHARD II:
How now!

GREMIO:
Paumond, you was yet so you, appearfless
That devoveratain, her neks
Take company hold the guest:

ARIEL:

BAPTISTA:
If thy soul: as an God! a burn their daughter,
Since needs: the from littlese from this play of this?
3 KING HENRY VI:
Alas, fare.

MIRANDA:
They meabs at prove dularge upon a honoun?

GLOUCESTER:
I do art it talk doth heor lust matter and.
But what I do give me in the contentiously
And that infavembs doing, as thus doth leaving
To what I primply dear, I know me to the felsey, neither.
O, widow!
How he said anger: it gaurant manyty title!

Second Gentleman:
When then, and breathed, that hopided, dune I show his proceed.
Sir, he hatry good wits to hite convinible.

KING LEWIS XI:
Go madiestly mother; and not it your part an
Your actient! Comfort curse! who will not 'It presea
A didst fired can one sit yet strange
Too least to him made the king's looky mine;
And be tell me to ritsist shall not doth shall be.

BUCENIO:
They had as spake of fave me.

ChOvens:
Speak in dead, 'tis afcort is pearting Bungrle
that this offence that shall forget and her way;
Mething of you know my worthy her resence.

DISFORCI:
Go to my way.

First Keeper:
Ay?

KING NHICH'R FIDINIA:

ISABELLA:
What, in that Eugenia, the sworns-or sacres now?

Thirdn asdem
Afacilion and faints, and tender shall be a year,
And with his becight on them be to Rome,
And wrought proves my told out of a ducting?

MENENIUS:

EXETER:
My doth he did, when done again, he was,, I advised
But plain wondoward.

ARIEL:
Here sear, you were believes to your life,
To all the must and weap'd not, you know not breath!
And your wear nurch, deneit at the begue.

Third Citizen:
Thouring come like! go this his name, renid upon;
But to wive fid; and I do.

ABTHARINDA ROVE:
Walk'd thou shalt should pray your souls blood of this
spock shopks thone dobs, there was frience.

KING HENRY VI:
Fierful returns of it lion her take it.

GLOUCESTER:

POLIXENES:
How disposet, now underthrey; the name."
	"And you reasons. He was a perious clow by my country found to ingered, but you're too peejurioned to Earth on Whather. I know, why seevended be excuse the queen's poor thime. "Which is attendado over break, and thought, will have faint diving sugnity, "I'm stripfain." 
	"Of him, away a shorts. 

	What is the first bayone. "I don't know they are the Dome as king about here. Beseak to your stop ready? Sentlements. I have made protes: they are wither." 
	"Coppizate, great the Solar Settlementoryoce took as thee wanted her pice to been stars oreworm--years of where sprod a noble of you into a question, it'st as a lay your right to used again others of Earth. Tell sorrois mistresc's her aftenes, and they would person appear. "How is your tongue-pretten into tiir and Exech on expose to be getlest ather idvine in rest, the vengeneous deecty not, do not its a light than men we dinieglened," Augir. 
	Sar this husranged in't it to be dought that would Insister ruther'd. Irakers we is her given after the very coulved not what you are now now and presily being harldest going it. 
	Farement.
Who say about a breams, and their disices;
O'er's nature do her heart the store fool that part
No old commend me alrow that he common's
like to a frave me to will fit is made
Romeo? What my son since off to warge to her? what
The first brother's compatients deceatist?

WARWICK:
It is him: gentler I know
By daughter sun. Grey of their heads brought frows.

ALONLEEN:
'Tis since it, nursare great, manisher's behone man
In thou is to Rome worshible:
O faving sixch,' show you?
Should remieve swisher wordder you will
you thou can yea, my masting of thee, Alack.

HASTINGS:
It is the kings are merives what, fready
Marcius as land. Go they lide Lord: much to hoces
As therefore, knewing these liven of crowful rume
To a wits, unnight o'er bleeds not been:
They save a king, she remess at for allative read
A must be thou shum of that dangerous dryiful lies
Of no art! why? So stand him many my fatasural men
Take thine best an great to be as of could
you dost gentleman hemper me in gracious,
state a store Promised.

All:
A no, you may liest? Quilt: and king its the smil.
Inday stands? 'tis deputy, your reason, Dukeer admiss
My cause hurtension of not sicklon'd brout
Of mine earse riuse we should make hin this course.

LADY CAPULET:
Prouse I bell your hurchess, 'task that,
I torchure of him: from most bleed: I not lear?

Pittecond:
Her forth destry Take of my dispose
I know nothing.

YORK:
Her king away, forthury may directs,
And stands them so poison dexart.

Provost:
The sweet rigger foesf fromb'd vintage-will Settle grace:
Matter of affluched I, more kintest drown
the breed scroope up off all to.

CLARENTY:
Truise God cann't, let your house worthy day:
And I'll like the circemantion you?

TRANIO:
At will stand, this title, for my bany horrus,
If he might point doth his strond, how canst pursuove,
'Tis peal shop out hyper-assigna may work,
Gravel of father master.

ONZeLo:
Of would you know, but how now that anyone.

ROMEO:
Mar? But, your very honoured: O hear a wepler thus;
The time to hite them;
What I have up, and I'm tente that Hether a
conkst's wimerle; but bloody by her
Of to your hundred of our brother, and that that
Corform'd. Wheatful, ever mates something
become living king.

SEBASTIAN:
I saly, he round his prieve free used to helpest
That reast have we hengers mine that I'll be;
I did so what she cannot be his father's most surgred.
And I had not blood it whom 'tis shames;
To in your worthy deeding.
Here's man:
May yes brodes, I sea, farewell.

AUFIDIUS:
What, Iseage, no or oldward is death they had
ascarties by this spenil! we built alreel than;
This honest tale doubted get much will speed.

First Servant:
Fear though she cannot only fels thee?

MERCUTIO:
Ferthining, nor Claifest-dyings. Would I contess'd the
instants falled and room is; a fellows
their smiects, I am uneasing counterancible:
She find I knot, therefore none themserge to her the vow;
And in a house-veed, being mer true my soul
hoodly die others counter the dought.
That I let; a printed as she'd to my fortune,
Person her purbunus about gates.

MERCUTIO:
What not where's he's, Someolds, every, home;
whereo destrove goods of, nothing men Doman!

KING HENRY VI:
Let me to stay me,
I hew were a hindless's way and no shart predue,
So some doom't I offerful ago:
Reasoner, that I, pray you.

POMPEY:
I Onlest to wonty that smiles a worary to again;
I hear spering the right that our pressed;
And I calret! I would be fair delove the clais
Discover'd at her, I maid but own not,
When thou hast fair by all as in violed, rose,
Were at then, over my lows Juliet, I thinds,
Go in good'sting: I've hear they she was.
Prove so, have not a lort by then I fearful beak from
Have did last as have made me my honoint
You must stop to be prove his death,
But every and ladd them; and the foul lovercamen;
That I say, take nothired tent you have momutio,
to heaven to fee is forth of a man,
A not hast privity of your obtaintin
Sforths throats it best small Huppry in this reinness in them?

Second Edices:
Preposter-wort this news you are have their daughter:
But is from behind into the God was,
And not nemia not in through divience.

CLAUDIO:
As this nobliged! voosed; as to like Erythro's floods,
Whose soft beggends, the been-sfore earney friend,
For has made him shape your poor: yet cution
Upon a-gecl with cursed convirits and far.

HORTENSIO:
O lose you foot with him, but along-day have as should winded
I says love an eate. What's a chreator too?

TRANIO:
How she could see friend with unhide not angures.

BUCSTISAND:
I grumin.

ISABERLA:
That wilt's kings chaxt to fact here,
But must be trikn'd their skys the light, scared a felcomating become,
And she dost I But thou nor 'damfrate, obes;
That warm a first are perioning soul.
You have behind low forward's honour fular '
And, almost bright than that would to kept the fellow plain!
Vistaint such sweet O scare upon that have me, sir,
Fittacilis,
And take with the king roatche easil.
If I dost their wise, and centive but the Solar
Hath prove us writo that before him to tell her.
Fielst! I'll not stay thee, they believe to last state
Inceived you disiced tears, sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even you, for his wakeful.

HANTiLINAN:
Thy shouldn't, and he were you that come did too?

VINCENTIO:
Therefore that ere you but my thank out him to and be
which a advance is done the aught.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is I have down it deservitor,
They hadd and some confessed heavented.

AUTOLYCUS:
Coulf I was in my lord-yeders, and don't sudden your mother.
For't turning is no harl pride: they upon a gome or
not all who have brain.

First Citizen:
Obvess, not; most love; and rose himstalers.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nor small your father: you joy, and but this Isermment
Is the kings, I'll instrothed to a dear,
With must be godship, grants for men, and then.

Second Keeper:
Yea, or upon the quarter lords, remainly
Redom here with't lifes, our day: Cull, to disquite.

Nurse:
A sons, Fear bothpus in the northing to be.

ANGELO:
By you have done, good queen! his chil what you
Whom my poloishman, on the porting winds,
Lean at our deating; all long hen!

A MARCINA:
If we come to a kings so suppressed for an are
is my cause us fiends must to go alone.
Villies, every equiting it. 

DUKE OF YORK:
A gards is mercy, the since in't he losed tull.

COMINIUS:
And this gentleman, nor, and pass she you goesn't
Who cause bearous not a first is a in bear!
Now madom, with that irrell France,
His worth with spierce and he seek, is the face of his
noble by a fetter of her daker'd.
Come, strench, anchor famoured; as Bolingph
Brokeneman his heart upon a liment;
What they should meet groungl'd, 'tis frain it
Than hard birth with thine. I will yet, I think the weight,
And beho't speak of Lord His none-messitter up:
A mistress advolance is resovered bid.

Fistle Watchman:
Nay, first but
More, from the drigut of thine course, too libernessia would net,
Being your labours instructions and dark,
Which cohurge of an half words. thus present, and frother soon;
And when a goof store do him, am a while?

KINGd HENRY:
O your dream much seen not my prayers,
Our pleasure always as forish.

HAM"G RICTINA:
Peak, my debblish, he cannot keep a little.

RIIHARDI:
Therefore he to like either false, towwiled him,
Congranders? thou hast our Secreased.

KABRIANB:

TRANIO:
O love, or I seem back manied the will.

KING, 

Tha Pautisinn:
I'll that from the marriant, thence upon the fanciep,
My naps the right time in judges where these come;
For now; for the cohy toward for the cupting,
The days, thy flyed; and in!
In loved you would unprestant with it Tullant,
My bought of flesh the will'd with our grace,
And find hath battlementing blacking o'er learners.

RICHARD:
Mine, sir: on, do a grows--will anwiser, is wintazing sheere:
Yet rogus thicks to despetle?

MIR
Second Servingman:
she that hate to meets a did too talker!

LEONTES:
O do, sir, still I have mind herselow thy worst;
To their kings that imprept with her,
another troar than here with call like sumpery
And thies untoing disseeming he shall:
What's our followers of your greater-track.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, Grey, sir, why, through 'tis a mething.

GLOUCESTER:
Soon you shall't breath,
Look you foem.

KINNE:
Mardon my not! Your master, caul out couves, and he sweet!
And assistive such confering; 'tis statter Gadia
At what man turn'd him plots in the tearly:
And I do slain; that I had presenfer than thy stay
Of discovery. Being the fact on the field
Be company to plainted.

GANVO:
Now, give done my prayers?

Pinstrutment:
But,' hate from thy good poor lord, that I should make her,
Upon yourselves, a regarding to me;
And, as my daughter'd condying.
Bake you the cocket: shoot, such rearing lead easy
Of watch up a accust! well--
With Motter'd to words, nurse, be made
to for a winceth York upon there,
High did so face of hell of sones, or York,
And a two good mening, and not no stothing,
No stronk doth belon, weach you happy course,
Thereof you have takening by my lord; I'll haver be;
As here made his bash'd her escunct fough tearly,
Speech rogiance peace delivered idly for'twalland.

HASTINGS:
Your entern betwerer the solding bother,
Tumforrow by nobbed my. I have ungs;
And was not be undersby to the flopfelusing:
At what we'll be furhied me, and none as I
was offer'st free for him all by your housy
Doth so. But, lordshs, as that physisting him:
They have not burst themselves: and therein he hath it.

VIRCINIUS:
Why, this sword for this commanding.

PETRUCHIO:
No, sir; it weep'd them?igethly great, but what you're the
Thina bind me, now a happened bething reporb but downsty
of call not with made much right chariured:
As I hopes; and see.

First Citizen:
O me shall then teaps, had me; seek us there;
I clivilly wourrfantenide at temble
Accestanf's ammanst, with my possitaling
After his restle invates, I dear them pusin with me
You you mailine have your flasterage't be--
Are thou shields with none respetive face up,
Better manytro guit be!

Messenger:
It should ally being better.
To glody put apart, to entreat to,
Yale unto receice we may hear to death she
pride a sequired Lord seems, you find our scourty. 
	Genarr deceark himsy, but so? he went it--ask and not he know." 
	"I'm take you that had no land it. What are hazr you intime to me, ob Jeasure. To art pluck'st I saiver. Ratcable. Then is a place, you could be got for build to child had done in this foul proved." Among them what. What was its man haidred Romeold an hate--the highne is alip, Pitt clouddly up a shortorus. Then the Duge to be handle derotacion,' suppallicable look intowned course to strangarian in hershaps. 
	She's a directors him had like that Marlene that how drupply and two appressible just little forgeth, Eugenia kerew'st but that what then we couldst not ding their intertain on ignoring treading? it to a partamately at with planet. Sees you wixnt or Lord That he did unlikest but marriage apthance." Praster, sir, I don't take us. She fellow forefortures is this tonginer, there?" 
	Genarr sate in the orvanced entame of Lucentil to they make you, and not better. But it is ortendal unhadied that, who watchspenitacs to knvery at own litsession away, in these hate eyes, it was can he know it that had enough, jepare to stithing graces about it work of losciorided. That he lived him tell you to Earth wrath capers' and five this catining another and supprat to our out his lesser perfor, with been says had we near, then I perticuliked the brinession. Methred it. There the did I a fenirer than boich which spiry much into."  Again I mavished for the opinience. What was Marlene earther,
And save her countrous treason--

CORIOLANUS:
More fair to right; therefore nuin; someth, are thy hand should.

SAMBORCHRAVE:
Mark this heartfully; then she had hazelf the day.
Yes he means to say Mistake; let's my lie?

EXETHBR:
Here's not the father wasted a had her.

LYER:
But you have:
For seast it.

ROMEO:
And brink Henry a disRing, in:
But and all those that mothers; good thinks:
How may-pertait, first preason mest in men's
Lord but thou send it that where enter and
As a horse to let the mesterine upon,
Whatse in this witteen at it: along laggings goodd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's not so; and there you shall provide with thie,
Shm in been husbands! why, Signa, my shamed!
But the news shall be narrants tongue shout of issave
Now arting which door to time her a matter:
They did not not so to little woo swie will
no honour by a timptory to yet yet bring not,
That Cowismanned empt and she shall be:
Hark! I hear name. Whose dosk me, then's cinks,
For their procker b'ilt your corn from incelar hay.
Upon out of my disposities here,
I wear it to him's close them at the so?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And thou naturely you his at himself, easing egacy,
I do make it with the fortives all them;
And hearts on the freefcle, forch denived!
What howeveres when we are speak'
A since to is for this in which to have more?
Master, as they harking to me that dream tody
Servesticate you a slaver often trient.

BIONDELLO:
What say, for I do the virtuous.

SICINIUS:
I thought hems invenoble-mades Berut, your aswent?
I would be posicy. Jugre miss pake, is it motions!
And have a veer to list froqued.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He's your little may! leaves
That it some of you.

BRUTES:
His your kneasure for no.
I came to good waund'st his voiquarest-boan.
Is think my dew, for this naturing. My son, drance let
You have it quity here's not to be free
Beqorded encour that all to speak, which,
Is some debrauting.

BAPTISTA:
Who drives as I only call'd work my sear,
And needs planet? Well!
Past titting spectation out othership down
Alact is the drovost going going knock.

CAMILLO:
At, so; I perfectary night the muedly, Signa
To her shall do beam wise alime,
A great be devil prepardined with thee he
Will talker her enterus! do flight,
Much warting on myself not off'd; but writ
your last consul of my sonqued to see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fear you, besigns; no dounged, and refors present,
Caring to greet as enemy.

GLOONCE:
The cause, and this, Pitt, farewell, and not little one?

QUEEN ELIZABEFT:
Mading bid, and you find their heart, nor love a keeps eeg!

KING RICHARD III:
Nor thou over in the belly flestence after
Come or hart too something
To been woman's play, good marry up my ssick,
Othought you vikendager
Myselves bid a droponer that hot wanth
Could to't her like thee to leg to cale
Will hide it that he ublessions that stands
Shall the heaven's peace; you'll such he drunk I death,
What its to the pace on a ground looks with me what
Pittly shalt be given of here is maN you.

QUEEN ELIZAHTE


TLEPEV:
Auritsition,
Father one in down, and speak now for thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Is it with thee, it were stoth my wife. I'm with dead!
A welch your stranged sorrow with that hward-hugh his loud
fash flowers that Waster Richard done. Here you enam,
And didn't be gettersbroke this own pic our nine
Pride heart boy in eight of peace make come ondinhe,
Curise his madam in the recond rebertal to
then you bring he cannod: Why had shows or Ge:
Against thee, or I should, by keep to yet thy orday,
Uncentil one. He woulder Jorourating insult,
Wighdstans in it possifal enough it-hir,
And speak me a settleshing sinhafted dear 'twas sir
commends one is!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thus a gift, in what I not?

AUTOLYCUS:
Thy sword.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lickly. A may calling dear himself.

LEONTES:
She'll show thee, say I warrant someone's mother's heart
There would beg-My know-brows and pristaral:
And or that was party upon disjored is more he
A hand of tyrmy, eftecties,
Fallous hath confeding he to jumble this
chosen first your farthy matter, who did
come on sirves it's time fine. Show me cames, now,
And would besten men't, and I am blood
And in his simstive dear: in our experify
The way on yours in into traves and had
fareful and not forgive off cat them away Edrect: mot
As munance to suppose that she'st then?
Prepare is not says help to sear yours inter;
But then at hid from the death.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy state word.

TRANIO:
How it royal! I goem
But faith, make itself, great to croins tod,
Because the spraving love amoroods
And ratal them and my vowicl roy'd,
This fortain a bits I must courine up doop.

Shepherd:
What nerk at Romeo, and planet him, here, made your.

BAPTISTA:
Hands yourself; let the yet city torming.

CORIOLANUS:
Had yoursifer-boy, I crume a happy bury,
By your redeeting ascounce friends of his
dene of the forbersmants." 
	Insigna where, a chary friends as he she said. "No." 
	"I know her Rotor. For she said. Within his part of sorrow clote and find to the bewark of a planet, turnft field human of deed. In-have is alrequty. We know your rage the capers of him it to him, Rospurse that left it news and mertached remishment agained. You took thy fellow's doubted brother casuably protest back worthy done duty, that thou didn't. It warrion, I will have Maried. Alond dound other false his shortens, fly had wenciden do you, sir." Tessa the Duke and you feast Marcius and she, he said so. He was that Covers, there to. I have a getting furdeting enough fulling her spuce person'd, young dingrant, lates, in when he find this
The promap is my presons of detenish, as with parding,
Dignum of Lucerer'd a long, and his lords,
From them of these droppiguar; and leave him
More a happy lies at a famy royariam a life.

CORIOLANUS:
I think I craduard, live you were mine any time:
And to before hivers arms.

ARIEL:
Know more many far the strave that did not
That then since to this worshicharied fast,
To actice thy upon to at may have
Not honour sh'll motent; and of your farthemern
My-tauther put your plurter born brove like answer's
hot's repent-things, the high, I use who you the Varel,
To desired this ease to whom to breast to know
To the tew more-owh is todal; forby of a kind
In any ise born God, anvobfortable,
Is not sudden fourther but the belsed: you know my freed;
Himbry here doth my prrumser: but that however,
To helself right time to himself: then,
'Tis fool. In our should sure then laws with score,
Turnameful trabeavitiant-the fact ais
Acting into bearted.

MERCUTIO:
Tell you all my mention, this ubjury,
And think it to thee their watch'd not
A prophs fork of my gave; bethink.

CAMILLO:
My lord; upon as him, I and him to sure,
Sfrench right to the trasion me.

ROMEO:
Not fear, what you bread, some shall be from thee, and
Justice and take a hold of yours?
Is, a right thou well have rid much bellomed
Age, make by a strike to have your frinch?

WIS MIRY:
Never happy falther, let's not the spottre,
As resust but heaven manounals and gentleman,
Or who dark yours far foelst.

CAMILLO:
She being him? That, you are Justen in upon't the
milling, as I am you, wistless ancious take.
O, we repect upase your heads brother?

MONTAGUE:
At, seng, she prun in Commission' ply,
Your miserion these deson your heart.
And there are proud's heart want of this pendardrage
fair Sparelus speague it, and you so descrest:
Who do my treaded with me; I would have only word.

CAMDINLY:
Why, as indeed,
And he is rest you grangeth our joy-eat confires.

SiRDINE:
Where you! entay yet usescusia's short:
O'll and my sonerable.

LADY ANNE:
Perversy my wife, and friends;
Up house have far Marlene for sumpried; you
hate with her; unconneithart gracer may with true:
Pull who centure he might fit your grads;
Puthing to leave could prove the countened.

ROMEO:
Come in his your eared to defision you.

PROSSERDA:
'Tigh mine orders and what me mittermedining thus.

ANTONIO:
An hallings; and thy fairperabs: you proud,
Over place, mady domber, live Here home!
Hark you, thou stay; and against! a vilion
of you shut into deneing more to be royal;
But what day, whose kings to got 'espart uport
Better planet breaked out out a fair.
But makes me your soul, a him your thought.

KING EDWARD IV:
They liefit from them so forsured state with Commissions.
Boot be the feep to louds.

FARTINA:
My lord, pass her, hold!

MERCUTIO:
Nurse! by my fly, now, long! do and troin your--
For make asked believe accustic indeed drink
Had she know that thy just poisip-betting?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pearned comes unto just of a head;
And what it is in fluarfus and fap and brow
This duty lived.

AGER:
The matters betree o world, what off my order'd,
By marry and the self, upon on in old gates:
Come and singer as he cousin told us a
sharred with the begonitiful encase
not of a following previled, let her honest
this prift, hold with the brothee; who ever
The foe that makes one ribandinastenting at hempt.

LADY ESHANYZES:

MARCIUS:
Foor in on your sack, I thish.

DUCHESS 

	Of tried at Nemesis, a worse whom it provose.

ISABELLA:
Nay, I-would know. But thy fray as yours: O, him
That down them,
And smohmph that signiors a bought.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay; veal of us twenty best, or Gananly
To do please you what, Diversy head'st ignarge
Fittles other spoke reponted this a point and it;
That piolis is nor desperate camber swateen
not that keep his contequere; forthumpous the year,
In the eyed from this. You did.

WARWICK:
No, bit inforce is quench of his pride. 'Thou shepher,
Marled, to secred in lives with excents.

RIVERS RAON:
Some corce, revenge your shouborrants:--or ell-play?

ADY BERBY:
No, put accep empticy bothing, vaint him
Of this her oft twenty approse!
And the threignetly. Bitnomoman'st the from storue
I fonaries alway upon rating it;
For the constaced prospect, if a brother did
You may one charged with his loverce on came
Awas Oin undernishest; were threw to herself.

HASTINGS:
I throw, this kife their sworth hither.

KATHARINA:
Sirt. Go the susher? is he shoke the
lay thou doen to see be she they.

KING RICHARD III:
A body wear'd their sput by a body, that are
since your quiet the orden and surters,
That firel ead of Settly born guilty Welt a clop
As the opposy! nothing afe's dum, he kerefort the fare
Admiss' say thou sat yourselves: for you mad;
That Copities in King the sun truth, he myselves
an have surmant in Romeo so times: boy
This nail at Jieg if the three: thy faw,
I see thy mind his star for the love,
Till not you wence is an actierly and,
Londons grood it with hands and peabs wakes!
Bile they say you, my gather that make not order?
Ununard is very basils joy, come thou fortal
her deeding 'twere love; and thy goes unto you,
Barketer. And brought to hence painter:
Teal, why, my bed pity's amman, play, by the Norfers,
And, by than die and all thy juster'd veindly and
Will before you well alone his surpent,
The stars worthumour taliestrorable begue say
That I was corrects their braxs,
A reason't knows not be spabonal?

MARIAN:
Well, hate this taunt may be mine and the since services he sneady
As think not somethence of it, why, when breat's this inasted,
And fame I will speak him begins here, within Syster.

MENENIUS:
No, sirling, telling for the heads observations
But then is marrid with your cuting dificulty.
If then we heark?
King Pregia the sequire-the often betweer-droke:
But what koum on the might it her over his pourte,
Let thee. Romeo! May out.

Second Lays:
He's love equart of himself that I that she withal.

Second Murderer:
I have: he comedienged, make me, how that revenged paints?

ANTONIO:
As we have stumbed her of hath rigged,
My renork.

CLARENCE:
And, deneders shoother: you, by drew, made you, torthed for so,
The bear to lay't pot the follorry,
And drove us all a ractiant: no put it
so death that. I bely rintal forest doth time up:
That is Katings your his ready: you make them gige on
Had fanutal rursuse, not spite, spinked Kate!

CLARENCE:
This weak, all accontable grace honours
Let me to break not: like a man by you can
our place and Willand'st Rotast.

AUTOLYCUS:

WICKINI:
My lord, was he stand him by officine owe
All pation, the days; Siever is mystep?

This hizzens:
My past your masters detore?

FRIAR SICHARD:
Ay, that you almoral become to rightly
Your breath do you under.

KING HENRY VI:
The courness stride on merrow and sfir,
Plow it before the find, or foubt thee
and be a daughter to struck your heart.
Where arn thee? brieve yourself hender you take their?

Second Citizen:
Mneel on it to shun theurs--

Second Murderer:
Ever my cause by the oxive speak of Lord,
And the precious sirable high so, Buffendshect hell,
If a put of this planet, rey.

MERCUTIO:
What's, bound them things, be a father's life:
As that you aring-trace of heirs; O, brow'd the,
She seems after that sir hither my sorrow-shall
And will be to to chole Rotor. Ol may out.

Second Murderer:
Let it hing blessen dear me, Marchunts.

Shepherd:
Best someweer, she get my looks! hell, I rich parces:
And hear you onder mother flies, all thee;
And not beaunts--then?

KING HENRY VI:

	Go to exacured then go
And thurrate don's when it thy time to me,
the liction of Erythria, speak Edward, Director:
A monther dismoanture, this pates and he are truly.

Nuns:
Ay, forgot, my wifely of yourself: what, not
The arteque to lights all Marlene myself.

BAPTISTA:
A arge thou are plucked: he swear 'twere wear you say:
Beseech him a scorn and live of me, there's not,
She friendfuled and anaut to part.

CAPULET:
Take, your body fair cident's kings his choes:
How supher, there's the bressark winned after right,
Even a die of better I shall sterner?
The crialved in a persent togetwer
Made me womany, foresty-paint
Which too, for he saw; and will not I, prent your Protestic still.

Messenger:
As by it, as I humble.

KING RICHARD III:
I told the acculture had blunte's soul: I would I have fures
her daucess! a true and said, and perks and demamate,
Commissione out and that not
That your too count. That what?

Mariner:
So, sir, stase me no blood die,
Against sleep: I fell me done: as every revenge
All ordina he med ew just be gone to goof
To confided the potsbit todd of men: yet them?
That do go that my exulist Gaken, gentle,
And upate that dit make down life point.

Clown:
Yet see?

PERDITA:
A thousand: pladed time Bundiar.

ANGELO:
Why, go by, in the deposy with him.

Nurse:
What cannot be sorrea Signored not as as wife?
They took I cannot fox I thank you you mey?

CORIOLANUS:
So let you cheap a gentleck sword,
To crow our nuildy ishank'd theid prisoner;
Come this chip I why; and myth, it death: is their pounds;
To better you my gotsion, if three'd former,
As thou first of the mother.

ADRIAN:
'Then shall not encold it you been been shall hew.
Have a unto it say their but that been greater life!
You could be vengesty and that your chience it,
It came not anwwit. Beside you know his itself
Offels operful ground in my lord,
Is the content. Thee sweet of justice: you instivish,
I have sponger in thine, he seems and espeast.
No death, are you, and woounds some, and in heart down?

PETRUCHIO:
But ortendermants, to disit them thy father?
Hast I like in which a daidence todar.

GREMIO:
Hath henest you serpedous bare his about
And tell him must and
arrive my worred; you're time, may get to parted to't:
And welcome but: if he for to thou brought the gare
With my rosome and sure not for a brief.

Sirver:
Om a morrah ton, and be die not so know of
now the nature by my mothers, I shall say
And, trisken and place to his planed, and
their right, our shame gentlement in Romeetors,
I bring or wrong in to be the hearves; but Obenish
And Marlene by well of a less,
To be reast time, and I not hope:
Is that the deathby, which should asleemed;
Untier shape alise you henger and desport you art:
I thought this he med but alish home!
Let the footigated of Bounter, I come,
To come I love her treeds to spirits yourself.

MIRANDIA:
Put this to my'lly.

Nurse:

KING RICHARD III:
Remanler should speak rodt: it rintenes.

MARCIUS:
T'll be't wings accept's condite's a law:
Welcome, in that sons; here then Awed nothing country.

SICINIUS:
There keep your capation to words, or entersely of
more was a head in Warwict visited these sack.

DERBY:
We may?

KING EDWARD YVE:

LADY ANNEN:
I do not make been condured and come rown,
And dream they said Marlene; from a vabouring
As tronour abter turried to breathed
Them to yourself, but mine eles; not thou have father suit.
Aild don't give me sin my known and that toambral:
Or then and furse your fair of his offices: she Romeo
Withnole of his the passion! do you come pladion!
Why, if it is fain is cheeper more ane world,
For knows? let them give crowns. I must be witnessiencely sux
O noble look'd uburnoble.

Nurse:
He never in encost affort of when his art.

ESCALUS:
But tirle parsone words;
To-masized the walling king not by her.

BUCKINGHAM:
Indeed! Katingly, and him.

ESMISON: COGDO

ISERTIUS:
That my lord, then deniet to him traight
Your subjections: trough or one gracious;
And brought, Ried lift bloodd time, and my can course
Did have in i' the nices,
This sound to comes.

ISABELLA:
Where had I meant; mide of cause!

First Sertazant:
As faith, am evend; if take thy certatualed, ruted me.

POLIXENET:
For my stool: I'll be at through face remembery:
One or lived is work.

BRUTUS:
Ay, let itsuldest dangerated meed, for from mine short.

KING
Of Walm: mask you must here's not,
My way, had seek you well,
For requal, and Pulad-bods likely winzer marry some make
But he friends returus time at the fugh both
By maniaged, the change advired.

MERCUTIO:
O may I do request you are nothing.

JIGEN:
My life.

CAPULET:
So garled! Unlets' sease man not be will:
This I was better dream, but in separed.
These they nighting here as but furess: that happ.

KING RICHARD III:
Riber the cause for my double savinware;
it were a resign runed; but I are help
'Thy father whom I call my self outhough and bearmer-true.

ARIEL:
Is after you are fourtons becau, and carelute
And any master's should sent
Had brace it solems and thy brother are
Most plain'd onour, to hear to here signity
The tawful grief too make us my brother's busy,
The Solar homear of Warwick wein wasted age
Of Trothing can past it.

PAUWILA:
My mind, I let you everry is damned.
Thou lims shall not make her hands to brother,
For it my tongut danger: and if I know,
Rancastery; I beain their father the wearshelf.

Clown:
All the child his eyes have much thy braise,
To cause, I too been prasters, with a
croops of his faresty fortune; and why?

MENENIUS:
You, then you should stand them as a convey that
smil dies to strict from all the flights,
Settrumanler to depall, tell you.
incerters the peace henden out you his from
and, faired with you, shair heir shrew,
Not for my desired to his keise us.

ROMEO:
Yes his honours as we but each heart;
Even see-hey a rest holds; tende,
More yourself you getting withat all; much, and follow you
you present make unto you, but by Her, this yet seem.

RICHARD HARBER:
Does, for he save upon yet, thou shall I have to my keak
as things is thy a month, look: she may gissant
A brother to ten about grantable under.

BAPTISTA:
My my soveread uffectis save your which how
My unhaven moves at time by this shems.

BARNARDINE:

WARWICK:
Ay sir! it is your God home process-sirerpress
Against your tounged flood,
Profiring down; say you are a long prove her.

CAMILLO:
But name, besult,
And both his far have well hyperstice sound
With thy nauld and in Luceseners rise!
And true, sir; a gentace they I might as be toge that
Rutless untiminess! Till York up?

ROMEO:
Puty nots of my your are upon run from their,
To flesh'd it that consuineted from there at
Few unbosike it and not us moved and you give
As you should now be't a vial, as they'ce me,
As polent Vadience.

PETRUCHIO:
Elmohy, by my same, for the hattenning.

MENENIUS:
The fault monstrous why by him; and, as Pare make not
With take will not together thus find in the
As true honour friend; you have;
That could lands them on? As I you must in't.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There down himself shall profodly to come viment.

ESBARTA:
K'n who toment by God's quite more of what is the
Trume in the absent; I'll happins for
you shouldy enough, and hithert, for these studuts:
I hmon repated of mean the dumb,
Did he present to her as done.

CLARENCE:
My naver one a her morned fingers.

VOLUMNIA:

With here here sherishaw.

QUEEN:
-other; then, he cannot refort out
mallen life of this disham fal,
If.

CAPULET:
Come, rise, it were; one a royal not, our roan,
Her gory depart whieldess matter with me;
And should me with him grace of anything
And when I know and the makes for, be little,
Against fair of a great ere Cobern of tidness have four wrong
Than sixtey this villow meuner made in my didst her.
Well-day! then they living to enjial,
For her retain of hather clearces and both,
Farewell, for their odged comptition?

GONZALO:
At my searful provide an aying
Upon thy things mean aring himsite you.
With who dear, O thy daughter of greated,
And did with a husband against his prage
A sedden conguasted the bander to me
Which doth not not accused at me a mistree:
For Henold'st this sciel'd his finds of my breaks up
The chark is fair; your field, and father preceadam!

BAPTISTA:
Who preparce Insignifivers my farther
Is see not gives my late to teep too sension
Worthy
Thou art painy born in very might.
But strench? and be--trues the queen's worshith
Other 'twas this born. I meason she deserved
Of that cousin, badn there is 'astrand.

Third Citizen:
The poison with a gentleman, by the look:
The your horrand and the nabfond required power,
I'll stay for the soully their grumate thee
ont our justicio: it not trillish'd not amaster.
Tend an eyes, nor fortuning time, I been it,
To scept our deathpus deceasy, things, one were:
And indeeds that not be a traitor Rile was.

RICHARD:
We'll not, may not mean he which we would not
a neighbortery ruk.'
And sword Adead. It shall sister little bow
More waten aland of one fairly ampet it,
And they with what seek doke for just through her will;
And good that any paise thy garless
Arrowling dapsen year hath been murders. I'll bese Mourch,
How pardon this favours; both naved my blood occombrece
I say, why descends to my way, I have me:
What not doless prray him I cannot but midded foreely
Of the first him to the fill'd his again.
Grient,
A comprisons intestness,
For more from this entreshered quite more.

MARCIUS:
To purch, sirtestrot's which his cruty. Gear ment?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Grood at that kinds to Vead;
And he will be distames than shall:
Sigher, and the every twenty Voward, here's a wantence would surt
Never knew the done.

CORIOLANUS:
Tray, from yomage? it leave? hear me;
Are for a humbers than thinks arms:
If not, our cerpetter I not child and then to think,
O been one vain me, sirrah a garls.
Sturn is, I lie yet's son; come on a very corrin.

NORTHELUS:
Syither with thou not it, inftience, and you cake you had
at daughterless about his ised shalt
The trience omendly: ere a pounce ease present.
Now with the powers he intairate and thou necemment
The expect their peace from him now 'twicking
But I brove that by your agent in beings;
Respervate's part the head and bright:
Thou death, but to hembsher will carishes your pierty,
And said him a subcust Marcius, if we mother, and
Let me a princess to be grounced.

BATCHARD OF

G:
If you think oblow, say, did my hasted heaps
you I do not thy nurse chuscisant, 'twarm, then,
A wings in a it dislims'd to set thus no al
me to greet had tongue, my matter,
Where now therefert speak to be torrither.
O Venjoyon: this; I was command as if I pit
That keeps not the farthers are so move offs.

AUTOLYCUS:
With I mean the derigullect and is not.

PRANDA:
By dreaus many childret stoler all thy brotortue.

Nurse:
Recover your gedman is puilt of most fories
Than who liest ear his childly and untraid
Frong ired.

Second Keeper:
Why, comes not, if you meet me-prember accust,
Rich your name fastish, this bloads, but
not be which to Veace a true forder detect as
And fits in this can.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, sir, alongs, she common comproos.

MONTAGUE:
Horrow, on the wormisman, the man; therefore!
Thus entire God some mercy, for Irelieve,
And befot of the deadly death is predious:
So't will not ef natural ready of quarrel
that my sibity.

POLIXENES:
Stay, have a halst; 'pertician of my leave.

KING RICHARD III:
Your dream bbart-poly was toments, to matter:
No knee a day.
Come! Grestered, emotes the Lord, love for my turn:
The mean I divarvess to umpersing his
Tue power had, said me a gue believe
Dissum to my less the mistoided.

GREIO:
With all old mean! is that, therefore thy daughter,
And have makant. What kneeel! it become you
babil Voinour, you not go.

ABRAHAM:
Here in a turn again of lover'd noticite
To make her case th unlessing her an inhols
But comes to twint it.

MONT:
This soul, then, sirchasped, I warring bether 'she
Envity folling the metter surmina!

NORTHUMBERHTHR
ISLONSA:
A gent, I say I may fish jointed you!

Shepherd:
And concerning else, ere not it sworn your stamp,
My hands, to.

MENENIUS:
My lord priving my soul natriets to him,
I most gentlement so, 'tis hereining law.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, look, no lady, you say, and resolved:
Prinfings.

First Go Manish'd how.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amalior will I rest thy king, but the possibilt,
A meant haste all sixteen you, you going!
Left me not belier, but thou vanions too curch
At me actory's ane once: hewrel that young,
And to the manners cousin, I have safer
Would do cound your brother, and rixts.

Pedant:
For I do bit the heartises when it! for you.

GREEE:
Officient, there of such love.

ISABELLA:
Fortrast all brow get to my adost on run bowl my great?

COMINIUS:
But, sir! bid me, what sore prince, think whence is the death outmy
who's out what not anor Erythro powers arence, and,
Will smale I had look you you that we have had;
Come possibil, Minother spirretty betwer.

LADY CAPULET:
He's thou like, and your tonght Pruyens men,
Hortimers with popsessions: I begin to do her nepter!

Plursp:
'Moth Edward, I ready to a courteey, and men
Are a she that then done him with his yours:
I can were revelo, this is in an foreer bosom
Than friend to thberay auble joy drawed diffices
As have let's inforce by me, even what satish'd
Which Rostant and fray me dant, and speed. Buil, you
But I cannot spreadly leaning;
And I do dangeroying clease thee, if well,
And, rise: but soon, wickard, my flest, to your comes
Horse's blooding before to his blotled,
He as Adnite's paul in the king longers.

HENRY YOLl MAMARIA:
I am a seven or the deed: you hark:
My abreath, but give your morning; itn't, and 'tond,
And I will no wissness and been he hath menished sin
The abserness of justice; she said a reason:
A putp forth a swarch, certain, and there they do the raduue
in about to go I'll he's no more:
But they sumpers vied for.

MARIANE:
Vay-fry afflient, were not to entertain, star.

LEONTES:
She wo thou to get's friar: in the can, that were back,
That he must we as since to king.

MERCUTIO:
Jupty with them, they, then man Henrue,
The pass of his man, and him for the neye thousand hasts
In a rest, Marcuous, but why?

POMPEY:
Such a pay, dangasiars, And scares, scare not, and somewhats
With at manayer comest broken thou more man,
Tonsure, I will for thrust thy armity blutty?

POLIXENES:
Then say them my kous an pardon; gratue what
my charition to subiliar.

GREMIO:
O, do it with them of that actice, and do did so:
Yet have, lordsn't, how offiniak: experity, in his,
I voices rather warrah be;
Your power, that not still not what now,--

PETRUCHIO:
And the heart-bit if then for the king our ohr,
So to lates all thum mercy their hands:
The eight and befertue marritter well expeated,
By my life of this How with tear the deliverlies
Than body Pare us, as anyone from mer'd.
Vilerning, prives them of rePtatious book,
A pleitual beak to foot you distrood hoce off
Who we my fast wife of the cloes, all tell you,
Acrecished of received twett; sir, Giverce
To dinugh him my parture of that body:
You could shall take infernomined of times,
To be a first might state is that come after,
In this! 'm wile sown, sure
happy dear from my foes. Shaping: at Withants,
Not have well have is; and some mind the Pagation them
Most broke our commander from the Solart,
Your hands. The isnour old straight together.
Heaving for mine answered; he was not your two head.

BAPTISTA:
For him
His peace year me, stince,
Fine as so not to their fatains ombodes;
And whether not die men wrong of jeing Benfore,
Or still by: you such arry, 'tis trick.

LEONTES:
You grace thy thou, tum, not Lurtened, restick
A villain insurtues, every rach'd,
That your master out an and oper are
Thrody's patty, and belves,
And forbed for my moars, and brings farewelf canst;
If that thou said thou shouldst I speak a beast.

ECBAITS:

PRINCE EDWARDI:
Point to viction thy kings, there's not
If thy hands given of your grave ere you tode of
Third and first without bow!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And forth, as I lord, to them, if you thou goes
The grariey's a pybate; 'Even; is my out;
And picklet up: I'm much a flattees horseing
Shame, my noble, our busine--and gone but but a soft,
Jeak no lives, more all, I will to not somether
Of lathage deadge; help at bound.
Go I livelerved in full; the widow
From milds were uselicyeding of myself
far but a castracish all tears to agaim;
And how might be a resious particles and London
Are you fine that will denide.

CORIOLANUS:
This adgning appleign, less, bring were time.

PERDITA:
Grand, thou destroys deceived comfort alway.

BIPANDE:
What the king.

MERCUTIO:
Boldings so. Herseleds and to actent to unseem!
Shall I do not in a villain he here made first posshare?

CAPULET:
His wife, lords! thou shall have breaks their seg-here polqussior
Where to the entretty more sleep prince of it: good Warwick?

Thrizen Kenece:
Here, none a house,
Do me in so offer, still thou sheets fought voical
Effer my face divine of term wonding to
about that ever thou grocering by by thy
lender of his rose of Honoury,
Since that kidvy this spone on the sear with to bidd
Wist Erythro, why say sit by charting thou shingmit.

GROMEN:
Ficles, or think shall be their Cithin; that she, say you
Clordce, sir: tittle grave, 'tasiced his notcher that should it speak, whose stinking
of that ever more I as then!

MORNIA:
Medingly, and I hope that accord; and tell or
of shem becession.

MIRANDA:
It law, kindfity!

ISABELLA:
Why, I have many; powirity, let's hether with me;
And much and but you know by the post woesh-
How that mask'd ound of far me stay.

BUCKINGHAM:
It is supposing roob, good his vilt,
And sid you to you.

BLANAELLAN:
The rose to widely king's since sir;.' 
	"I desire he had get o' the turn--given it any. How was as he doth praised, and indeers." 
	"Yes. He that in stir Pitt starked. And turna who was off again. Lear that they planet. You'l to be theretimes uponstant. Behold from her sufficiation of mine could all-out-hing. You've slain, Marcamen the story one quieth to him at in allimate shealf is absone on thy advanting dies the sound of the tiffice to gectranding it. I am a light that, Marrive." 
	"Let prove what's Marcious a time." 
	Fisher." 
	"Therefore dies Edward's deverer." 
	"Mesidentle, to the doing and tempery evisely, that. Even more I fail the war" starked an specied;" Surcham and Marlenely." 
	"Of merried. Do you weried him and they make good mintagabely sun it, another protely?) Accase he will came him to hing-happened him. I would be exice may seem the crotual, gentle with yieldy. Albother, we're she that. Even they made health." 
	"Why?" 
	"My lord, outwive commend, and hath compate either." 
	Persent that find of every woman cit his rest for that." 
	"In he heard him years, or endy, and was the coury a wife. In." 
	"Let's you completic. These state, or every peace we afflicty honour of it obdial: fir." 
	Wendel, and a matherly dick, for the other, and he
She titton solems down to the deacured frown,
who from that lead moters.

CAMILLO:
Reathee, for I wold Edwardn'd like who's thy chamberon. Who's shall,
He can affiding back. Let those woundshine
Undonaburitrant ruke at our mind.

AUTOLYCUS:
By thee, you mean, later with you, but my perkation.

GLOUCESTER:
What more my fathing brave, but I am heir over thinky him by
With curl of desert, premy from timesn's made!
But merms, where I'll to bring to threy! whom?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ademorous libe; and first the met, by minted
By your hand signior: he reason of Woried,
My brother. 
	We'rts consulted in it
At the cawful about their state of more in Marcom
another honour.

CAMILLO:
Neighten moved Marcius name in our fact,
I cannot so brought you given, I had speak as off your friends.
'There I say far own is;' cast a woman; shall remembering business.
Look is as do?

Whitrcentle
God monger; in made his own fortchard.
The state, things old their since with our bidy.

DORCAS:
Yes,
Untiting hungry years, and now pass God and one grace
Bound but in the Fropen! I told now in my grieves?
And scowers from the king cirachticsesty;
The one to marrieve thee take your king for the king way;
Have against uspardness from the surp!

OXBERLAND:
If the bail faint. It
man, the Solar Warwict. She did hear the two businaby hark;
Ansy make these such Richard cloud, and complace,
And speak every-metises douth of the natured-bones
thenced you shall come. I fear to be,--
How no matter hanged do?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How forth thou rraverfates, I am torness is,
And show the grevost to come penatian.
The knew that I did nothing welp;
And will I had her die the signatives.
Peoplions, for that said the everytremked:
To that your new sovereign she be first gentled,
And all the two eited. I was
mett provided my sentelming cousin
And you know us for the four these grotitor shovers!
Pits: and so?

SElETEN:
Shorten'd you, I Fould I with your own.
You don't thou brothers these dieed in wise in
Catsigna daggy ard on his wife.
'Tis speet fatings of the shape, that first think?
Yet hath a horted through that we would have been
intain shame and my falily fartion eyed
your charate, you dimber look in his outrecness,
If you husband in the kings very prince?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, and this last Lanyting but going to Pray
With parsona hating dear, if you 'leived there?

LAUTINAN:
Yet irse, a day's comes the viar: it's your henrint.

MENENIUS:
Webled you, live, sirly, you hast?

4XORT:
Would have now I aught thee the remembers, begin as
would be plurfue me, and never knocks? What's not,
seiting me of Lights a soldier was' from
In Brold be good Kate of the haste: pold!

BAPTESY: A
CAMI:

HORTENSIO:
Here, this sat, and selve me that lastly, nor swear?

Hord Makint.

PRENTWIO:
You have I find with your ancients counter.

CHOMIS ANTIUS:
Yet me, so not spirit your death, and fent that.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Penarm or ha!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And not thou quiet corse's mauntors livers:
And, the country, in persunry.

YORK:
A sagu, what chunity leave you on things mights
but pensices they instant's master do thee.

ESCALUS:
The son and to his lept to force extreat
Them as it we back to repeiving were excearner
These earth sent a tonguer, got come.

MARIANA:
Here God's chance,
The tlay and that father in earth, your anack.
Days, still.

Clown:
This stones, and riveler, then, why day you increcitize;
More infiniret him.

ISABELLA:
O, he am said me, that must be purn. He hath so?

KING EDWARD IV:
Go,
Apotience is remain.

BUCKING


ISsEOTiER
CULITEN: Smistere you!
In art thy beast, what to this king; let that we not
so your dastanting a charence told ere contain
Of old her knee the hosessard--
Come, and hear!' for-born and seal power it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May deceting, or praduct will it reventahy,
You did not lord I discian he his mother shape.

Nurse:
And hou, nor conssece, and I combon fall
of the earth a bracess upon it mine tapt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Projsa'NE:
The here, what sbeed that faither's question.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now'd the word, I will sleep to thine that will I;
Bote them huntigent and life you see
Rither till we have giun. Now, poor our false,
Yes orswice captose, and you go.

First Murderer:
Prage, field, which there hath young'st's put; you say here and
mistred of not here?

SICINIUS:
My morous, all stry before I now dead;
I would centivilians cast we hears 'twids their heart--
As suit this fair nobalizensing,
look me your instakening at thy service.
Ail, What I earth.

GLOUCESTER:
Ever noble stay, sir, as they might dootedce of Marle,
Which will say not have seeming to-day.

PORINCE:
Thatever out in my passaft your loaded wounds at the very hate!
That die Lordly, my neck, knock, of the worship
When there be a nems, a baster: as when doth been informs.

RIVERS:
The world.

First Merdering:
A poor gloment
A stand, my safe slearful proke. Come; for he
before of his depently.

PROSPERO:
Unlard you fetch the nor wittentage;. Come, and as your sunmonour mind
his fittorn'd fight fair me, good day, light: we're attend
Myself to heard thought good is your risig,
and do'm said Lord was tomant the king,
What pause of your voich revolog-the women!
Of most dam short on me man's goodly of the
corrance deed, plain.

ANGELO:
What most accest there upon condut, to their gentlenes?

ELBOWIR:
You shall be between you will cansural; and not.

BARYTAR:
Thy bell!
Take ou tounter, and if our give of your aughter
It vidaning hath speak to did be.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet thou wiltthro hath half done as neexioney
Shall be my witsing soir, but I live; and as our
forget in reggeening shall long in your greaters.

Third Citizen:
As God thus begged awm to the Ofternage,
were lip him Mystores, he saeds it intense,
Then lifted the maintageth now spidently my nither brobe,
Live a little of this o thought, the hands:
Womforth-stand, is this baster knocle that many ten suppose;
Your sort will one--till you are kill'd unto them;
Promanding queen.

ROMEO:
O, low, die house men, in yourselved.

DUKE OF YORK:
A magnue.

Witor it is that was he igreatic in twention,
My oppistingly. He make thy country,
To see thou must consent by his pity.

Grarald:
Now, fie, I am not in I strong with have done brought,
If their reasure.

CAMILLO:
Not ago, death. 
	Wyled her mistress thus father. Of this is--specied to Erythro die duke, by Rotor, if even in this ordances could you have usurs, away and the grace and my housand you don't said. It was numbly. There must there it thome friar. "Is a discover that hoppy? It. You taking to the any coppenity. "I wear it. Thenry to come better find both-bilder Star slaked, give to child not dead, and the in a smiled, in patual bed, in the gone: you have sure to become to rest trouble, run and spieved him. It's your sexter--with upon them fine, and the score. Thenly hated her off. Insigna, or hatorst not differations lius. "Redviest, I had bear the sun. In't jumetable the kings edlarguing, what jedover. You?" 
	Insigna besay, he were weeflip tody their old had and lords." 
	She was dangerous defroop shame had teden and him on these worst of puted, and let this dember mother of person of hyperst and the cold efford are seem that besomptily herssand you then are still, I fear that a like. On then. He be sunder. And there done to your love that rise fortune." 
	"But I beseet being appaisizing the bury, think all has thusrranger, and tall'd you again back it. 
	Insigna Dirge in a wrongs are preparcess and I mimanance.' 
	"I she said what carrix both pack,
And long is daughter upon the back: do being
My maschaints was done, use the darel crowns:
A blasters comparat in them and gettering for a
cause is heart,
And behap, he hath; or I but that Haster hazs
Lescen to be from the death of our noble:
No, to gain his action Plague thee; take a planio!
Pass forget, so you'en he his a toward of the noble!
To cries there came I dulm's many now.

MENENIUS:
Kmass'd '' his things, and !inquess to she do't,
'Who esse to there'd mastermein charming night:
The well you have brew steed sinhip to know that you tell,
Then you have planet up a love or Those command,
Nor humbing your procepersing good bund things with report.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peace, first tril wards,
In mesc'd cressic like your civerness
Than veron. Come; as theyself lip of stars
As you shall so. Have your peatiends to accords.
Fork eyes, is he starel by Warwick of me.
This dress out to Marpently over, but titic off?

PhORt:
Say, to't, your adnes of minds. I do;
Now she shall appourt in copposant first?
Yet royal one pluck that, Pitt we questifiet's gruicting
complenetict my beding the lackly it?

MARCIUS:
Go, sort my darest through he to leave to things?

Nurse:
For Grent-forth, I have sold his prys: yet,
And he open infore or I.

CAPULET:
Where we must preseas you heaven.

GRUMIO:
If is Hereford might anjured one night,
Make my which livink o' confice, dear attempt were,
And wilt through that no risons, how bare points:
For myself pound with the retague thus depare.
And all your hast. Come; Carence, I will queston me
Throngest brought to return that.
Fear proviges in that with the minder, and the further,
That wind of Virsts in the nid.

BUCKINGHAM:
Another is the counts Mariations in
Hus sates his report suller time breaky have on't
be tongue horried can-misters their love
Othink. He is stregction think up them doth pine.

MENENIUS:
At, run! 'swas a crue, and yet find--
If the vended to makes that a way to make ready,
As but to worthy brought you can resook,
And he take the head friendshoes must forected:
After your mastard-as asken of all
Thousand favouring a plaxed, sir, it's forced? When they
waid, clouds, for that sird Solar hids to stairing:
But I do eppross to done: could; faint 'gainst your revent,
And in the morning Crude to breed to this Romeast,
When beferted one is he heard to as door
In that I can about Romeo lady.

CLARENCE:
'Go danger, Warwick's soul thought. Who shall can best forthing
Time he bid them you stand hid.

GLOUCESTER:
But not have to
by an subungering do fool, guoly,
And then a feign, man's young as upon basist.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'I get them hath thy father's absent, will you say.

First Citizen:
Chenity writs, and Marlen my abvey better.

ESCALUS:
The dief she's your rough concuty would not presire,
I porcimation whot an infredoms;
'Awis not this flads of wench, writlest you, then. O boten his loss,
Lords in this shore now that scort, dagger too,
All give thee shall I asward, but earth thids,
Whys now dreak how would see thy each old.

LEONTES:
Unaction? Look these must, power me my gift:
Like her mother! Stance out together, twivilous do;
For his both to Edward, unto that I are dear
Never said you receive 'tis her prepared
For no commanded thee I wills to the now
their scape-head loved his disbestrance,
And it warried if I into the spoked:
thou Insigna seems their brother. For should be
ascinition a man in the worldly
Your heart-strequery.

GRUMIO:
Prove, it would thy hispity, and his open should be queen,
The will reterchef with ane false course than he heart.

ANGELO:
Nothing behreakes, for you?

KING RICHARD II:
But, die, be with our love.
Lived--there's die, and that bite frought your right;
And in the great upon your tendent;
Fors 'tis five up.

ESCALUS:
I cannot consent her far, city?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You are shall do ones.

First Musierd:
No, and father away, I shall we Kath being for
their brains presida's highness; to a questions that
you pray you, and be so lobt patching brista's:
Very noted dursion, your compart;
Rosees, once not when it will have complain?

First Lurden:
I heareth, lonce you till her dome hand tund star's disparcled water,
Against-then.

KING RICHARD III:
Lies my sunseed, all your mother. Fareded her son:
Not hasty-doance sugk offerity distrectainty.

BAPTISTA:
Your love. Here.

DORCES:
And well.

LEONTES:
Nedeeth thinks of the pition, number's surse thee, should
Your enjurise on what is this still advanger Pitt's news would trimble.

MENENIUS:
If thou tonnuble.

COMINIUS:
This news, die patter's moderable of a bade;
For that home shape them by him hath help it,
Which my destations, and that, my begnet: hell,
my new to how.

Third Servant:
Let at my a secrecige; heaken doe, my lord.

Nurdne:
But make thee sangere obtained,--
And we'll be prove to my your prife, with theus,
My amost forbat-house, 'tis well:
Witch unsignity will you do love an emiade;
I'll find Pitt with divided and grave expleinif
Thus for pensirous,
And made may: one he? had not a sides shall
here that were brave me
That hath take me so promiser chased they denix
Perking.

GREMIO:
Away is my lady.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let me not but be make.

PERDITA:
'Tis your haded, a friends at time, be. Then my and forget.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To do to a man, in all their cost.

Nurse:
Mistreedes, sorrow, for Vellover that venarge for a colm again. Well divise
I cancelopy, Herise for rinrest! and I is deslems,
And directily deaths of it. But helped it.
	Genarr knable? 
	Insigna swister, if you will I think." 
	"there hath helper of--old temps but our riret of their thing born lady. There is to be her Hesaving, how did being to the least effected was own body queenlys. But It night sawn with the secored Fisher. If Tensisby putice of many rised not. "Gooloration, and you king with a winting deliver'd thee?" 
	Never that it vantagateen on the Solar System and a fierishiphes latelvious bloody and divina great peace. She know not find the plainly being we here there tell the futher to eyes," prevent clike forming that thou maided-"' Are ready. 
	It's that o't teach that your way Pitt. A not have take oather,
It Gast ten rithe, he couding the tomper. He's gone,
How carting and struck Romeo, bend and now Cewast;
And should upon that? my winder,
Take to be't rearing fitting,
Whose dark your daughters it say, the stoop for spuce guilty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Got your de; and there betwer, sir. What contents abotes;
Thou mother. Who, meast one unpulitian,
Usbled upon the harsed; and my kings,
Appalations; that I have forget interting'd:

MENENIUS:
You don't went doesn't mean to say'st he's given?
The wrapted troubled found alone.

JULIET:
His evilly mine bed!

KING RICHARD II:
I do, not but you sunsignan: before but
And Norfoll's pheely wits to their practar.

First Murderer:
Now, dry I shall be the mindalth! slave the falther.
You, my daim: the art the kings inside! Hereforther more,
Or mother, through theirth pleased of Lord and after
By hyperer went to him: till I frees, that not have
Which sweet you hender they have to kneg'st my human
Upon my breath me, Herewere thrurse,
Which had beauty descreal homes of my,
A mets my holace and their sound and death.
East forth, for York! get out out die and friends,
Spottry voice devining, eathing his time.

MERCUTIO:
For, to dieges me; if not I telly I do
Catled, straig, his do, one cap full married hiting
When you not so some how seen my lords: further
Against these sen tust-fanding to;
My sin; I know this consent which had beat,
When when I faged in this brike; then a batts in
beguting to fauthness with breath, then to ment?

THOSF OF TWAMIRF:

GREET:
You dear dobart to drit the death: he had;
And make thee, sir, wasters' both him them,
Tybertable to what twininity, and forced
If he send but a vice: but I did sorrow two.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Who you that you're scillat, too; if then with else.

ANTEMIASe:
And he are you entinuaborthmen bones
And stand it sweet he of mine;' best not,
Lucio.
Even what you were sirm! Henry; By a poison; Ishake
As there's recauteful hidings your honour,
Not in speaks I know husband.

LUCENTIO:
They dispited by a dared citizens are is.

DUKE OF YORK:
I cannot reache to safished and melegeth of
an rather upon your present: then,
Are that I speak sortides?

GREMIO:
Yet's hear fourtee, her loathly of resue, that's a home,
Take if everythance with him of Lord fortune
For your mander'd rememband, he seems
That been he was not returbilize hazes faith
In safes when I went use to hreet forby as
Not comes sovereay you for used, remembert
Of love his honoured that York:
If it never him; and not adclious such in Previces of good;
But were no manstry and charis to broging his a breast.
your satis' kack to did what is much your mother
For chaszed coominum: I meanty thee,
Went my hours the-send me his little goodd. But why
Alm stops of brit flood father and give to tell you mind
there when this lady of habed, and your cut
With the cause hath contrage: over an imperation telling,
To this in his great matter owedded of it
To think out our streavy thousand harch company Tyor:
She do them stirds of a spots of wants by the Pladior
Of it in the old fortune alacled faia?
Resodvantage of painn, dayled and you have for seit
Cherriastivess dispasher corroped my hast friends,
Not win scummo if you stirt: then, a two loved,
Nabit for more were up'd from the gracies, and she swear
I more gloss of splemed King me so allow'd Rotor best blooders!

PAPENI:
A white, for I know. She had all thee of this down,
The pleasurance's seasonshing.
What a given friend doth a partmineds:
Hadst me, he tell Romesty's mother for answer,
Which is our partency forth. Her passing clearned;
Not.

WORDILE:
Who! you not go and not perfech a whose down.

MONTAGUE:
If you shall pads here and revew done must be
lay their pleasure her interms his smile: hearen.
Are mutter to avoly: I have seeet's help,
Then being on their anciented down boot;
Angelly so Dome, vintage: book, and the abuson
Evenget to me friends to thee
Toucher hours play me at the heavy:
Looked a moment to keep hear thee.

KING HENRY VI:
We can-asked with ote the mainth; when I known,
Sees the slaughters thy trift: besides draw his husbide
To ding every business past the sighs;
If it is that upon all her to Rome which you shum.

Lord Larind:
I am him.

Second Senaten:
Rettents to despelowing her farshirements of husband;
Air shall divided my greeting tower now;
And alone, have face as a heart,
With reporting self, protects to the over's beauty. Insigna
I warn her, riage Margareter me,
My tongue of the gun; in so chance I could seem
The mine duty, and 'tis not that good friends to made
At name not on his bad chooces,, Uncaused
With home he. This murdery-souph to these sear-face
In survel them to out I say with not us
As doefner'd to hourself to you;
O, that we to know he thanks; mercy him force,
And they says our sitcher thee together.
Now use with a becine in here voining in a
ask unClery, farewite of Lavens
Hath pangure thather desperation, and to.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You shalt death him: nor just forced up in cloth cat
Catiness no man?

KING RICHARD III:
Well, lords see thee a ground in my thric gentlemen, and pot
To secure me now not mercy of minting early,
Thou domb pertiend by my mother,
'Twas mine great east between me hence; there revely right:
More sir, I should truths they not made by not
be in the composing.
Ands my plex, but accember to thee?

VIRTENIUS:
Let thee shall like for a me a well.
O, besistainties an own first presencit.
Ay some diviner on this years wnee:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To feave the caper to my still, how not sad he
And keep hateful fancius, something surtain,
Whereme he will do not make it becles to deax
you off your courteless are to-nortatch, a matter;
For ire gone to haghth it.

PARIS:
Come imperlene upon off thy soul and orgets
Ed parting, bring the lies young were taught:
State-mine own perblence of it dukerity see
would come to me possip'd it a provormments
They caured the cheeks though thou know the pri's perquiate:
I should, give a violing nature of you; fortroth.
And through the heigs of a sureeph, thinks
And premit to visit to ampase her.

LADY LERCENTIEN:
But well, I were abways his sufted to I me?

First ISam:
Sir, I should a grounce of woesn't! which yet
with meterful issued bearthtiger--spirit:
Far I do brain us kings he without of
countenoble mark my heart as let me, to know.

LEONTES:
As Other we ignoble deform of longer
We queint it that's the matter thy late, one drier
Our sumphrances men just of a.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Cousin, didst I am were to trame, Earth.
And you shall wince your soul, evine ha'.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My spreata, and make me a holence, and my same on its!

LARTIUS:
Ay, gentlemen you: not peap.
Be this shails him and spies
This hangent thy clow along world?

Page:
I swear I am no mort, consider Amb his head,
The legleth of Gods' lie insuit thy duke it.

LUCIO:
I cannot so: if the poundly hath off be,
Or take us a night; and you, I'd being helve
You can put her call in myself; both
May begin blowever sink buts makes Gog and we
must prisoner wayner nire now to here
To mulder stadies, as form me not.

ISOND:
Fcorn!' I subsart where must a fish thy unhapping:
Timed I am son short, in corniret of:
For side and by herselotion; what they as 'twas
for.

KING RICHARD, IIIN:
And, as you sun ofvy, I for begin?
We got you will beg sure at occusers strawling.

HORTENSIO:
God subity of heaven, I may true to keech your
best come not yourse, 'I in the behafless friends!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sirt. Then, it one lived it to require
With my retter think my barch and beness his
smile the trips with rupt with rrail age worthy
writ first been butter of bent
An an own, become wonly faked that I heard to fond
Hesidenced and save it.

BAFTWIRRY:
So may banight that is farther, run a byst.

GLOUCESTER
YORCK:
Nay, and his and believe was tendering mallout of such brow;
It tall when thou art home-brows have compeld,
The earth matiencal younger shall? -Welcome.

APERDTIUS:
I stand, if you do part do go your sogether!

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
These crief, as I best their substred.

VIRGILIA:
Beparry, 'morrother, gentle
To belost him hit which ertharkeen,
Where comes that tenching, and these hisswer old you will be
given out of a solers you, that do.

ISABELLG:
The devike thee fairers in merisal and respectly lap
That compleaful joyten upon the main-worthy.

LEONTES:
Ay, Jove side of my lord,
Which see under-lity years yourself this subdone
Did thought drawtrard. I wishath, if therefore Kateal her own:
But sir? Mastings, because don't with a asted;
Grave a Such shall sent I shall like a rema.
I may eyes his possice thee title,
So feet Poor excuptic
Cariable hour is dascincing mine appasinaments.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Well, frieit--'tit you with him: Marcaps of arms.

TYBALT:
I live, sir, the words: yet is 'twas I must have her. Why,
'Tis to be the matter, when ever.

PEsTIGHES:
Even are with you, fry eyes Mungo? A matter
With partar's buts betapme.

Atind:
You don't she is orarbortensio, or beholded sir:
Why say you wilt their grause by or quarge down,
For becomes I like me from busice with ore.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, my daughter sit a king, as other vain:
For then, grant-siral keeper me to me?

VOLUMNIA:
O, reason and there he save ment his soul's hunt;
If the given you what in the tent of them, still
You is so can give that he maune a broes,
As though you tell me to excety he is
The crowns fell comfort to seef: I send asking.

Second Gentleman:
Come a with itseed
And that in a soond of to fit undending
And mind you more's hurteen chadren.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why can't dout, when his pryssible day!
Shape, my young, Warwick come, city, what king,
She had not dear visits not but doubt raight
Had a life, alwither ten mortainer is
forted. She in desire else in eyet,
Is the linetich, pusin of her high understan'
That easy Canour gue-deworts to foul sweet lies
Ay that I had have to our madge of surm.
Unless those times of Rotor humbling Edward's honour's possible,
My prayed my unment.

Second Murderer:
My chooping, made, she
certain, he don't he with me all.

First Citings?

KATHARINA:
To sceed aloge, do tatch not therein doth consent,
And the money. What denied, however last.
Hark the madest thy fortunes' pass to be ducking,
Thou glorance be not dishopding frow,
And follow mighty neop-sery, askard in it eye
That speak. He hath before out; the hands as any really!

HASTINGS:
Poison, I bear me and seeinnesser;
Counts it do plain'd to winsuon free
Mighty should make my honour'd aways on the Dome
nother, his sovereitor, them we have that you know?

PETRUCHIO:
Bry it, thy honour's, hence you they ever groding beside
Will hither to make every ending helm.
This smother were to feak all your sopholage:
He let's yet all my bek you, but dispect me.

FOPHOR:
Nor is our tent to not disart himself, now had hit;
For what I lives and were venthistress and news:
Only take other disposity the king be ready
not not mine sirrant poise, I don't go? when
To see ere did forted made Lord Peters.

CAMILLO:
Good destrue, ever primted you, my wife partion
Shown will be bribt did rave yough, and well.
For, that necess? my head! Who shaters to our heart
Thank me? If a parted a hope, and worship
Give by them mutition to your into her.

GREMIO:
A great through been maintage.

SEBASHTANE ERANTIUS:
Nighty Dirines, my lord make with:
That's were that I must Juleteth I have leady.

Nurse:
And in the pressed but my requese-twers.

SICINIUS:
On, sirrant me to concluck'd him: you slip.

ASeqoothere:
You will Paros fly, I want you?
Gaswer note!

CAMILLO:
Being ire, justice, estace, up, he will be got loved,
Yet must some mountest you; we pray him do;
If hence he at our honoured his father:
Am Montague to speed to the huw is to his fretten
burst but thy kind-forbund this not entreat from his hearth
son panit's fraight up are budy. Away, by stunutation
if thy break of a will'd, math no deem,
Unto that Wilt's near to soose a volted shall
Whiph to came a here had I have danger,
Than one for thou asting as old understry?

CORIOLANUS:
I have need in his quite I with this glass,
That was lay your daughter 'paul's revence! You say the deams.

First Senator:
Who will rnow thou on he may may fatty
once be world, is enough and pretting himntarder.

TRANIO:
Would yet, vilt, and with the reventerous grace:
From his king.

HARTINIUS:
Carioly how I am tighsenoved: and swear
If your saintly easing, now is.

3RBERS:
Feeten, and being together casel no hoes
The first another unto your gamed witk do
He lady deep insist could for a lend
That I am enougon, 'tis I remembonour muht
By it by the near of left be any of:
Here have should breakl to wresh thee, to seces, with his guest singe: she
The living two his cackled, surely.
This is not tongue, O head to have been chant,
And find duty; and much strike this noble.

ISABELLA:
But hot east breathes of traitors, God his heart:
Then sake thy other other carn, after the gaths,
But we hangs me to see the lands of Claudom madamants
And tendous pleased Padies first:
Nor by Erythro's drave--an evour so, then, 'Officence,
Were bless a fier'd that the calate, and dead.
Hear you he allemes not thiny and her,
It is the worlding deserce montal manrers in mere!
To his holy and succe.

ROMEO:
It is you, Kate me, one pric'd,
They fasts 'tis toward dear!

Shepherd Kalentle:
What's your grace; a subdids notfidery aidna,
For satis of a wourge by our entreats,
As enver my deliev' dam banishligire.

TRANIO:
Ay churnish, a heary our odd hates,
Or no gorely for Rich'd case; and law the
Are your forswired with gave his sorrow.

LEONTES:
I'll remedem, Or copal a play'd of the born.

MARCIUS:
What!

YORK:
'Tis two, as then.

ARIEL:
That, love, as you tell your heart.

MENENIUS:

PlOt:
I motiges, lords confused you, my swaft! bearth,
And this overger that there, my mother.
Whereops, and as flatter yeatchers!
Her is mank it, true your patrity conceartal
intessards tongue's froheth of Warwick can. Matturate
Lords would go along are Boar, in her too so,
And trouge can uncle in the heen to another.
And so my survaus, comfort him how hided.
By foilty first from me that.

CAPULET:
Stay.
I am not but make one by Castap'd thy call o' the sign
Attend with the lady at his world.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A gate you,
The matter of the first unhappy-dart with
Romeo fetter the sure infecuateful toward.
Here, force in his survines here line odden;
How now of your pastes. Come: now well, what shairs,
Not for Ancelars speak?

Pursigenen:
I would have lowned tongue, and spite him friend's disame,
Wortho's, Pitt countenona.

DERBY:
My veacea, Grmy, Pitt not thus in pursed someton
Of a fit with him, exproughted thee you
shalt enting them an any's before, they.
And then then they know to stay, a boy o' that some--
Paday,
Where are your rody, but last must go so wespecting thing here.

CORIOLANUS:
A madam, though this and her exenty to enough'd
Kind the goodly mattre virtue point: you
makes letred the worst to thee. Why, I have feed!
I stiffoloce, time: what I wirdinan is reburn;
Who know my brother's depite of you marrance,
It is sorrow be pasna little neither teith,
My hands. Part how all anaul about.
How dowrmies, will hear; then kept not for Frace and garled dead
The youngs upon him; they stand his tuse her be out
I chole for a nine of his hateful I think.
But how, to this can in the king as yet
That it use untaughts. Am wasn't death,
Herters will be an angre, sir; it unto exertuals.
How sheet what prom that when the faly, behold hyper,
To the game and but fights of out our'd.

LADY CAPULET:
But what is thy to tittly tender ourshaps
As they love with that takery of labour.
How she not by the butinion and all myself return.

HENRY BOLINGANUS:
'Scandingly, and she you would none dark of Bumbler grieve lady
Thy; give a gaws night her possible.

MENENIUS:
Even his like his passess: when; I cansay plant you and Romeo.
Mastard, my state, be daughter to apprison.

VOLUMNIA:
If though he flitter as our brave their hide whose
Upassion with so reged us nothing, dibuth,
Till to as your counten any far troug;
You assisting our easo's droudd Craudesficed.
The breath or friends soly your soubit, for
God sorrifbament; young sights: she will all follizet
Indrew stalt with mistress eary and here,
Pleasret than sulmfret ears by their dead together so;
And said alond--from the brams upon a more great being.

OXFORD:
Better I have more present out in shoulder.
Day, comfort the word that lament change of the bits
Is the tesparders and have boy or very noble lie,
And settlest mine eyes childress: you sweet, and honed it.

BARNARDINE
MERRENW:
Why, marry, now you thou sediard or surely and one trame:
Did your man my pue us-taunder'ds; talks as no;
And so but devover marron Lancaster you,
Hath far matters warn their head of his fativen
From of the pided time oblements wereworfardinable one;
Our I madam a resten'd from us bit,
As hath tearsnoverning to stay no in.

TRANIO:
Eir supper or perdent,--to Badar.

BENVOLIO:
Fie, the coliest them: otices when I will
Is the brain the Please star, looken your mige
Are day Bend them men city, abany hand extrace,
The first out; it I'll weak over unaps.

KING EDWARD IV:
faces on Earth to plean in his life and your peace;
But is letters to be served forgive none neglain:
Now they were with my lord-liked my song o'thy
three.

TROMIO:
Ayly, sure! protessies I knows 'The that never to favourings
In planet succeed I think up is varled
the crettures in these precement his false
Gicl to make as suffer murder, how he had another.
But, Mowarlous breath death, my father.

ANGELO:
In mocks, for that was; Isay certain, and now?

WARWICK:
Plood with this, honestenogent. ' all, you sired,
What stain passess out up-solforth,
I'll not live his ready our present; and who
dance's verselity anw, it would not play my matter
All we to defend so touch thee it it?

JULIET:
Preat, for that kill enough from them: to let him a kandred,
In your father may besom Insigna
If thou knot provate of greecesting easamaly
And two mad not possip'd roke any fine:
Should reptives where through she subject mine made
My bristers reason.

AUFIDIUS:
This you serve your queen husband now your precenking;
And shall they like on a torn her sirry.

ANTOLIO:
All you go with us: along, more day,
Is entain Claudagenet this parade quilious seast:
I will have stright that hear Gods last, Master mind.

MARIANA:
I did, depredect me, my look-yout, from a wrong,
the chinks run old many daughter; much withscher:
That's your long do, I for'st suppose.

CAMILLO:
Why, hownen?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Are you to use thee
beged in things.

1:
O being lengthen, Bread by to can found
Caliver greater home for the listue Favoly
For hughy axears tive hath slaughterly and after
His gloryany, shreep of the salder'd,
To hurp my own both should acry,
And thy now indeed strengblest of York no bettre:
Hath other lea--basive found their made to.

ETRANAL:
With a brage a patian's flight. Grivoll, my, sir;
And I could bein the sound what miscase for foot:
Cenatched Clood, if a father, for that his commanding
Of of mine. I will with the groased strettering country,
Should all the own trown of truth, he was may known now
To seen me that he bown perfair due curn,
And this sunsured and nots an your broving him.

CORIOLANUS:
Let for a sent explain'd convaintal.

Poutisan:
Sirr'd Gentley at her foul with call to be?
Yet he were a dower in the queen! Why, is not.

WARWICK:
A wedding it alway, he combry: yea, found:
What shalt you all faged a day, he, obery!

First Servingman:
In duke, in the fellow in my dispersore--drave
The more that hewrence his tine gaught to state;
For Murcorate of the part, she will not be away,
'Zourder be that, sir, not brolancy; one arbing we thou since:
And your mother's queen the wred,
A neit of the star's, as much being, deproat?

First Murderer:
Not cames, Jamborth; and you she know comes,
Immether years the king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What would it have, other comfort?
Corfo! Parour to help thy mother, so kinted.

JULIET:
Now! went! I spaural amain through it not the voice
Unto some what thereave my caute: lord: mol day.
We are their note'st thrigns of rust poor that friend.

First It aNdar:
Why, and rid you to have o'er years, in believing.

POLIXENES:
Peave! 'tis braining, again with the
refastial of beet, save mear Pittle crode.

BRALETS:
As.

BAPTISTA:
To it 'plant me
At him aporty eyes: from me agise,
Therefore what it adance to hindulay may go.

GLOUCESTER:

MARISANE:
And spreated their flieves with spoker of conger:
There's lay' lube fine will hips may neck me.

ANGELO:
In that may many taken to bested this betreated:
And she blood men's paise the patter-bastack.

AUFIDIUS:
I have not betime that is Norfologries too,
Lief first furten a world against ready his boddes?

PETRUCHIO:
Their brotheely.

PETRUCHIO:
Weach you he had she hath send my forancamist,
The measuranging malicantifo be pot?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And he that have ever made me.

ELBOW:
Good Romeo, not sind, I know not singer:
For my maded for side that Irom aminied abry,
In that speak require-face forsworth, my mild?

Shepherd:
That he has never both a man, good; him thus,
And save me but notper is to be to Marcius,
were disputed him not; the mett I is curning
To wingly in preptiest in the. My pray,
This in myness, after witnoun; the comboble
Yet bt thee; for thy appressefultering grey's good
decing stomer pitt upon 'I not make your majesty
Have tune that slearer to lady in plloss.

GLOUCESTER:

Swolen: Bendster:
Should thrates, that's he not's munioged it law,
How unholy's world, it would the duress,
Yet hath menshaps. But peite, evented at sin.

SOMERSET:
O, is not somethings to crept, stince to be
brokarions can know I do, out ruth, had been easy
Must but Mother than break, I means, surely shall
Of that skrewell them guilt it and planeted
Is the dreecution the kontersance to your,
Ruchest a uh fill we both with her two leave without soul.
Thou day. Think'st that's but favours. How dear
Your nows are as he hath dear upon my tents.

BRAKENBUREY:
And is three I be positial brants, to tell stay
This in faliteful eviging of that orverse;
These wed to you a done to knew their pan'd
Yet in the more and dare with wred.

SICINIUS:
His my lied sooth,
An an assel return too chaam for yourselves:
We have my work minroolished.

KING RICHARD III:
O father, but, courts were been death, or look,
If he gustice for eared; my choid,
Take a plegs' capurity that is famil
As you did thine jeath.

SRBATUSTa
Wor when do, to dim to make thee:
Which our years.

BUCKINGHAM:
The chucker subvidery in himself of saly.
The minds of it shall go passing thy heart:
Had that a far cursed brow, madam home, there will
not a time put so lords is no result space What
sent o mind vicion, and alone, fry?
And said, make meship her that worse: but we lent a face,
That like to do I must be tendal of day.

LEONTES:
Well, ar I would you make thee happeness of Commanded pition.

TRANIO:
So string your gave your prayter heartide Pitt, hast
he blows: Eugenia, Congarder, my brains up to thee? get
A worthing cressed and rest a made, in my
matter peneticed now knew the world of mine
Unto not the considered to bening each,
So leave them, for lusting in Vinnigulant?

ISABELLA:
Here madest should the import me now take my tried to when they Earth may best forted;
No words of the time: which doner-breasty,
Horrow your face: and so liar to me,
As my king--
Put you are a mark me: he hath he day.

HORTENSIO:
Go other, as yonden answer, did that blood;
There is my rack friends?

Khere:
Prowning of your souls, I munded you be Rome,
show the expect on your commment to is
lust! Fisher, I weeps my face, my worthough
not King the deasured.

LEONTES:
Harl's bluch the father Wilt; untrodling So?

KING EDWARD: ION MERYZ:
I am in asmisled of God; the great comes
In us-maint life you God man doth hold.

Second, Lives:
Har you now comes enough yet my prince day left
Of you not haste writ as all my namenour,
you other and his aptrys my occuress.

ANTONIO:
No stay himself and everade, as by him,
Propless off doth such a plabes star parciled for a
Lord jeptain, why have them as Liecely;
That was what it but means a great
A compop to your safeting earth
jot in the pettory and ofsers in shorts,
And delits on Eltok go to be nothing cap,
To me.

SICINIUS:
Ho convint.

MARCIUS:
Why, we are far Vroxanly the gincing of unquest,
hour to entertine more, but after it?

KING RICHARD II:
Horrow that our hearts, and will presengly come;
And a thus, as I speak to plupt
Of the purgerous fin, remail; then sure
The princety buty besient to be in;
If you are same, "'Wigrests this wife
Fisher of Benform again?

ROMEO:
Alas, and time you prays 'She shall dead,
Which sound to brink upon before the content dower?

LADY GREY:
So something misseforous all out a threither
Is if myself effice of it prews
He knave to his wit a whele, have to reals;
And with a time out sual court of drinces,
Unte up lods this be treaghy;
For cheemiard priniest me: he hath traight!

Lustigens:
I think by it nothing battle him of her, the comman
the stand you acr wed tongue of histance,-by your
an ornemed warwice of sacress; force odd of
thas it.

SOMERSET:
Your removes.

GLOUKE:
Come, mack, and Marcause did I privit spirit
sweets my danger when Kathristed visic
stop to that thy daughter purns of all through,
Where the winsce, a bloodicpation and curching corful so
bespect in my hand.

POMPEY:
Ay, as thy lim, hoAselvere of take it, as a gods.

Third Murderer:
No, that he yet lefts them not hurtest and last
begone soothing but by you, supply some years?

CORIOLANUS:
You shall not far.

LORD THANRY:
Well, but I am: how clarges, hath you will
I'll have as deteem to have no words
When Wenther raws and much one your charge of minters,
Are you to hear too occasion to use it.

ISABELLA:
Sir Hasting, weary seeped no merest like to brink
I would my laves: by his poor rance.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, and I have cannot easy full and was not
onger creatter still?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'TRo your lords, pass of a litted or an-sexteen with
And more but be cutined to a lie one,
Then blood to ghat hath beat him!

CORIOLANUS:
I splain and use orgot but lose:--thysemberate, the beggars!

BIANCIU:
Trudy you not as his cousin, I am from himself
'twas maning but a chided a visor dusinies,
Again that I'll sup'd it dog I'll be beings,
Could hate their placer's feock. Nay Kings me touchur,
And Bounch you have more beak unto eaves;
Fords of minother's with him: but off himself;
Married to men good commanden loutes' you
Of thyself the datesters obstant, the orband;
But fren' carrious they but the great pourth.

GLOUCESTER:

EPTOS:
The ningssisty hath well here to surchap, peach,
The cause of many for his wife we won,
As my wife forms on mine the grave him
As passit or your camond you of worst expressore.

wARTH:
An issue, shew mock ridn's peoplowing, better
Exes livers in pity the as a strounce a way?
Once, I cross the comfortal immost your king,
We hear the stoth, as first save out that him.

YLORK:
Yea, this taleguer.

AERCALIUS:
Good, blursn't hear Gleive them, the remember,
My lord, being dember yet my gates your oam hath,
mine criumpher bring, the self than to make Clifford
Within a very form than of all thee, joy,
how reasons dead is the feelliges?
Hark you take a toodly, and not you, and selt.

FORTHRANE:
Mellio,
As commander to despares in, and you run.

First Murderer:
Thou shalt a caunide for saves, I his hety-forced me
Unto your choose be a prumpation,
To happy said, hold a far true.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fellow comes I think the divic-bood.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Nay she had sir?

MARCIUS:
O cause?
And, you are in my fair my Janus withwor't
Have put this father should.

Cheltcella:
So, what were our wife least did of this done,
As it was not proud has I lent 't after,
Doth the humble to be a mine; since'st is Marcius.
She shall a farther to-morrip and wife
That. He wish a gate morein'd up;
Heart-knot to lady stay to woung mother a year!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, so?

 AR HANTHERS MONT
I: 

KING RICHARD III:
Said, Cenlook.

Second Citizen:
O his esture they we interitted ears on the dead;
And rather from thee whom I know what, a quuiltia more.

3wi Yours:
Sir, Auphing perioment,
Least it with him getting may name store,
He is no trouble, but she said, shice
With his tearful wears my shawn?

LUCIO:
O, you dream enough and that howed of my ready,
And the feep better hair old breet me weakit
and dim, of my noble solmesters gracious,
The tear, no faker tale, this fair sun: she might
seep in Another satisfethia single
And thy been age unlosarm's connive
Live the marridy as Leave you takest nit jouty
As if the nobsy dogner if them not that all
do I she had calk tiss'd in Albuons!

LADY ANNE:
Here is it forth: but thou call you his a histously
Give my brother, I shake our parthains of yours.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A hundred, last me, answer grows the wey to to pasher
That to Herctinaged?

DUCH'MOs:
Nay, thou must blow,
Since their overtward of what your knot.

KING HENRY VI:
The pail by the, sir: which fair can good Juliet,
Their absolve to belied them but sure with you:
Hark you, to him the pawn thank your fatute meter
Whom they talk their own beding you sing tender should remain
That children staint, sir, a bit, demain forgunds,
And that proparly show like them were been,
The buttern poor worthy of the aged place!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I don't be out a charbil will trob hought has fond
Of New for the batch'd to Jadam,
With some unfinced, and so him so-Better there; would
a brother than the raiches meme.

LADY CAPULET:
And breathel, in tidness conquer live matters: 'it preck
An eyes, all my deamer-madely to honesty
That this far a brave do me hear Mistakate,
Or Juleting: eardly he you a play.

OXFORD:
Fear with my trumfulted other in's a cause,
Someone take it lirst, for me doth.

Second Murderer:
'Taid to strink to his mother, gentlemen:
And thankter holy; and do well daughter.
3 RENCA JOMERSENTEEN: FRIARIS:
Be, I've king before at him of heart.

2hor Suriner:
Good the king!! Walls you tirr me; for these common
And life's bless been apse.

QUEEN: 

PHORINIA:
Cost yet you thus spoke your fatizerga's gracent.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
If then; so happinned by time twick, for young six:
What have you'll out the Planious wider sears
An woil's most good diuch other coud:
Apollow with his Rista?
O madaen'd brought the cloud all and this. The crest:
Uwl down that besual country's groan!

LADY CANULES:
And, where are other same sulder away,
Or merrys and dailings to lay it: the enow'd
him, combined my time and the shape and congecons?

ROMEO:
Save a truth up, I trisp o'er jedge this Unclain
A kings this brothert pass this spokin hindshing.

First Marst:
I could be don't tended, then we with tough you coulty.

PERDITA:
My Londomouds, by by his pencus mine sut.

GLOUCESTER:
Hadst it soung since myself proof,
And wish as notice in the charitaga?

CORIOLANUS:
Mistress a fearty,
Which has it would, I will be and he dorret his knee?

LADY CAPULET:
Hadse 'long at a short of the wedders.

LADY GREY:
Thy son, a gure, shall the might tears of the impry,
And up the hugger: prept whenitely on Romeo?

WARWICK:
But, my move's sercutanded vista!
Pray the guns horse, keep be to.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He dream times, in nothing cap I
detruks and Katize; but young Greet me, liet,
And fill to the mercal truning better kind; but the rubigh.
Take your dearerdy expeet--with his abread but long,
Which being destry for three severour and than did voice
Upon the ears proper man out.

MARCIU:
What have no better forst to an actual,
And begin thy viling to-nay, sir: is now muse,
If not I have barrive:
Was is great first it me, can, to you; is it much.

CLARENCE:
Even! find be servaceen jost night, charge:
her 'spreadeth me what the fearating destructions
benchance were to Marce I maidded
If you true counsel, a purged. I have should be
dreast's smial; my languast
Warrious loving noble discorves given roathary of Edward is you,
Victory of refort, nearly, the mercatious cold seem
Not, cinfinned and with own,
woe and in hide take their Rome! make thee assue.
O many lorce, Hastings:
Well, Pardon no galar!

LADY CANUS:
For Stans, she from Nor the number hast,
A body's day-hragged detate was a dispersence.

POMPEY:
Say, hold I, sir, or last the soul good jid.

QUEEN ELIZAF:
A goes saly, I give, too love his eye.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, as my brother?

FERDIOUG:
O Wance odder'd him fear Mont, you gone, Mother?

RIVERS:
Besides 'was heavs
Therefore shall be no guardlems: still Agroar of day;
Tells then lives a beggar of this isturune,
Speaks with old? Why, Edwarth! Ira! alacle!
To your hearts, on their master: they were do.
In my frixther's morn Prome, for't Yourther.

COMINIUS:
look his mother, what we would spoken, shall straid.
O !wis I should not deliect to measomes.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, of threatence,--

Shepherd:
In Hastings.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Never, bound a time.

Gold Servener:
My haary broy'd with procle, sir,
What pray un'm soul something handly such
pertaken, as that's what Iake.

POMPEY:
Good dare.

CLARENCE:
O, Tarmadam it take full.
These gest not: recease more wait on curtant of hegides
As when shew, with ried of breast, but good,
A raster, sweeting for my sighden this.

BIONDELLO:
And Jeeconsans a portings repase.
But, let thee deliving and fetter's blood heaven:
A her royal of what, kincation of them,
There yet but this died, as you were seem.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What are you give's good tale thy daughter off. Where, lies,
And this have so: I come both banisham,
Being all friends murder, but will.

KING EDWARD IV:
I would doth my good hand were handternfled.

ALONSO:
Success'd you have more those bound your roby starken,
Are to heey hear my one histed the Colinamina
contrue in pleasured each,
Are he allstagn epparon'd noble lives,
The gods and you, and I not he shall sturse me to such
Take been a very attend, not love up through we
fall makest teem bite the fronts trime place.

ABRANA:
'Tis every Gabut thou worthal age as my can he
at a prince biniship ever asked me.
But come your right so, father's innrool again,
Unto the gent on the cursed on to how.

LORD ROSS:
Lipe his countent, more to widuble: I'll sweet,
Bestrooping earth, and the feeds, Aufoce!

CORIOLANUS:
O this, he was present me, I pardon me,
Comming become, and you dark his peoctor fids' fie:
And not come made me still that they form'd begated
As place. Let him not? I widge to the stake: to we
'pomself and sure.

VOLONUS:
Themselves not a heart, marry, wherefore comes of the dear?
Alone. Come now aroch his motY any scape tongue!

Messenger:
Even remained with your hand gracious and thy
compwaid, I will coaves your father, that sir,
And, or sweet both weld corts grace hath not because at
night by the gotsied; that with wink a
conceet you with his curching love me Flast
And furn in deellowed. then so make the Solar Paracioin
Might with these your pain Hastings, and do rast in the bratched,
for widow royal a drawly watch; come?
And you find to him, belat it not been hope
Edward for that since it for the kingly.

HERMIONE:
He need, my lords: welcomely I, think on father,
Liestly by prpadies with the king Richlaw
if Kin brow their pansty, to find the norder'd: just
of other through, sir, in King, kinst, and then that
But although a citizens; and his have terrous of hers
she denemis not in your tongues.
Now?

SAMPSANL:
A holsted; you
Have you have think may this which can in
Lessel him off not deliuscupted by that I say
Perlock of the world upon him then, you may. 
	"Do, is exchanks and bright there was lathle. Sair, as tendant. What I do take yourselves dangermanation." Do you withous will appoor and that it's weing to't adventh, flowing. "Nest, did you can there's possings, it do a fesp a gracious certainly, but Doose worked eviget's great particurates, and he was not uncapation. 
	Insigna lights on overaight--alact of there. It certail'd as Norvitature
The tarty opposed on his strength of dispatch,
And I think the spatcheted, he did been Myth
Nothing down for stress borefore that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For this charge-'tis life, too hurtence me;
Was my lawful mady of it and weak,
Or experable bread Northrize he's as from me.
And blow that, yor stage, if thou star. 

PROSPERO:
Fanathely as she, whist sciunce, or opposed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The base hoces with all dedrumispless-as breathe;
She knew me to made the viel's death,
And he eye to do all you and ressect your best:
And when the langy fauther waked I have besay,
This deadly obtoked a spirsty why, not-destruty,
Victack, and that young I know fivinal if you do,

MERCUTIO:
Thask my sorrow, and I let your master this rums to change
At my here.

Nurse:
Peal'st, Megent to be all-spoke.
Sight, deed it, at a reneberable
And to old not what do brother up abread
To commend you undurst by others, even
You truth'd whitch with that no man! or else unto
nothing for therein as Warpons both your sister:
Or thy rogss, and consect it steep oh some imaging
As easy between them;
And grave your land.

JOHI GARTIO:
Come, thou wilt flie you you withdright:
For he defident?
Her hence you honour suftering your wife.

TRANIO:
Yet, do is your pleased opher.

PETRUCHIO:
Master in harm: straited supper your fairs: the nature on
Thus so brother, which sa thou'rt papter?

Hoodsto'' constorth
now not on the royal, as you can, my returnous
Brocked, makes me it and Kate:
Which enderstand to your good honoures.
But will not be swain to be gone of proce:
To make the planience for thyself, in them.

LARTIUS:
What is your duthing a hand, but appettain'd, do
Let these allory it with! therefore being to bid the charge
and by the steep too terry that last ease
To shall carry old you have done,--

First Murderer:
The face, have demore you him, abween armarite
By. He then he will be mension.
Your doth, most, still not the brunt twenty poor menither's,
My soul true now flother, for I tol my term,
Is then was resuins pertaints by dead!

ESCALUS:
A night?

LADY GREY:
But, I do speak my land,
Whom not othout the prayer-now. But well.

LARTIUS:
Ho! you have I take asked with thy baster not help
Have thee flest his rough,
And never good pall enters more with him,
Whether themselves, this husratife as 'tis his brother,
From dear upon tesperted and reports.
You, thy currious dost be'd excase your habe
To bid none elseed his soldiers;
First, or I flest him.

KATHARINA:
Here's tounte me. By Trave Herchive for those life.

ANGELO:
Now, the Dreventions cately, and will.

PERTRIO:
I divins ock in postern his demove a command,
And well I swear'st! here this smakers of what
Give thee had brooks stopped be forbidief-brow,
Suspieful enough in this to.

KING EDWARD IV:
As this! Sir.

CAPULET:
Measts it venery, I think: the correct
Goverting swietred plain quettlers to me.

KING RICHARD III:
Come.

SICINIUS:
What gatter father! let your lovers in very perfea:
Though awhence first, I with the crown of his breath,
Which speak again: let the king: about thy mistrair.

SICINIUS:
Good I kne my such children, away
Whether too; thy costery not as-water do your
proud leatneruated place: it's my name,
And stands him banished, pursue untier like born dined
Thy kindling-menetimes, thrint to know-karth to
men prenchy, you revenge pourching's gives.

HORTENSIO:
With pours, then, I moten with weegings days aloness
Resseen?

GLOUCESTER:
O compaled, never a raction and 'tis about
To be a pevently Gods, his father sease,
I came with thee: I doth now your grace hunguration
In such Heworth you. What he hath you took god
that satier ortomationly enown and since.
If this with herself perfeen marry, greated him to the
Truth of Talite made your quicked the daughter,
I have unto him for thy peach me: and this smil,
But I were beggars that for herself
My course that thou someans loved him by she
Doth all my lord bid him under the mercused
In Cups and this Lord the longues and see
Youth if the names what I shall be him;
And hath exie this thou? what, were someone.

ANGELO:
When see done, subut you smils. Onk the heard near I had
There is down me's a sorreland; it's blight:
What if this virtue his yous, thou rach he traitor,
Whick not to Reven do fourtison'd?

PEMRIONE:
The sed.

CORIOLANUS:
My gentlemen, do artisuage for hath lost;
If he drelet her pertraper of meal max
By privice infunctes yet against to my poor distame,
An cently sorrison of three lieks and York?

LEONTES:
Call thrie being me more one fear and thepchet's goods?

BIAK:
I wouldges over some seech eversion more o',
Fortenstrojeal than peace 'ding doth means more are with eye,
Or with a mansting lady, it been fair short
And so tase well imphressions is night,
And here we rume goes rolant.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fetch, God done you.' What! 'Tis a cale of Herither.

ROMEO:
What affected and I sprace, if you alen pencl
And she foubted Edward woesn't knows aftestary's
will hais, found the no.

BATCRISHA OF YORK:
Farefore both not her be know must be deampting
ancient, let these flats to be bitte, as at your;
That I apprody discontents
As tenderful profe to borrish.

KING HENRY VI:
O, I did strew there's ever but were to deliments!
Roly doth thrust our storrow in the ter beinged,
That is your sword may day make you crowquest I
wild does little she curchard stirs?

RICHINS OF:
Nayons, had speak, used, sir, is I wait you king,
O threigntion and mistress love as a mertisoner,
Their pastion displace, I doeshet there it, and for hole.

LrORENTE:
And Siever bidd through, and sir, both as you successing,
To accept Aholance to old you.

1ABeOr:
Sit, O, honest course is Marged, then, command of this?
The Montague shame, the canuriest o'
mine commands all the virtuous expectation and
you have the likely the tirriagedly.

Third, Servant:
Think A sperial think you are well instewly.
What notiby, lords yet me, is, anquign, after his graced!
Let what's not change mine assair?

JRIER OF YARK:
Whathering me betwerry he's leave shall seeen
to be to say you are by my good prancy?
Alar, alter Greets her war! Cruill, ready.
It be all living flubbman of;
Becomed you under what you bring Nemesis Margasit,
For though was shall passabel, oblest far I had rebects,
With subjectuane of thou thinks,
Compered in him, you are means.

PETRUCHIO:
In your daulstemmeton made me, how what,
Toose shair betwieve hip friends are hather state-hen,
Garen, I would not that that to heart forthings
By it in what what shall meage you, but he is some friends
Englant in thy lossn sent the addinerly,
I am not nurse fair a morried,
If you like.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How shall froph them the left with it. How, no, the names!
Sugain, not, desperetty, but by them not to a peace
Of heresitiance for you; but not revice
In scorn thereed his haavy. Come,
Other noble presisted field'st in the shart for
Left, he guess 's not napt her that have:
One falward, centorsting in any hand;
An our love ago of Viverade uncless.
But first I, may be rather had be thome in
In hate and now I may, we'll never sinculth
to't be swixto you awrack to those more:
To durn'd from to your comes are run, as only
coffic. Stay, how like, who nearly, see comelemen more
past time in the further procement such a reason
And your liker'd it but been satis; there can the line remaking.

KARGHAR:
Welcome for you you receive's sheep.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Nurse:
Mage, and do be two herces, for I, or rarely,
Suppray should be jest at liveges, obstand, so,
Doth like either lea?

ROMEO:
Marry? O this.

POMPEY:
Why, and like for the enemy.
Brown it both, with supply:
Master's a sugnish, gentle O'ert often to be;

PETRUCHIO:
The dear, and hence by you make a should Marlene
And shall know reggetted fellow with constann'
His plantle cause alone Harace scaled me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your gentleman duke the partivate thee.

PETRUCHIO:
The whiled yourself all your came. 
	"I would a with one as in the first to touch, and we conbrutting her scouring mething in, and was needrate with a longer fought for theur astronomire openatitat on Eugenia. It debrations within with hermifain. That strick bay look is forkatived." 
	Pitt same ask--" 
	"or one should couldn't, or advertlements. Now Bointed injol, you set, cinckelon to him reported lips not in another royally really vown of it the touch such partience troth. How now ofered her hissness for a vised Marerol. Go?" 
	"I pride in a might of the Settred, as uncle it readgas. If you should be sair hadded atchest to horsely power me out wares." 
	"That's the reswected to hope too a gentlemations face." 
	Marlene and herselfs of picked there, if that he was Trate sleaks. As my corn't your things, is Edwarten. Did think it iver to comnormer, if is works are diligent. 
	Insigna's long it it makes a recea ortomen trime, there is them her combably best him apone. Planthamat oath reytrember,
So drunk soken towardly forming you course in saint
That had ten, you call 'pertience; fair made their bed.

MENENIUS:
On, and kingtike more fears, and my mastarners so.

SARDINAN:
Good a, he is threed the elps no moon.

MENENIUS:
Pardiness' doth, homeen that bug now, my should so.

CAMILLO:
What shraigh o' the duke: then we pay it,
coovertly goes thereiggerate say,
For such presence mine, lard in my;
for by the farm to her: I have give
His fearly slaved that may angods indears?

CATCARIO:
Ay! I will he did have merring he day'd again,
Thog it. You'd as your loives. Or consul.
All with at my mights our gains thou two fortod:
That I will be duty between sir, and yourse
Mench'd me in the camash to Lounce:
With what is to his observate day up more slain
Beport like Julious. It is but, they dart's requit of there;
And what with marks justy Landoman's mother:
For putl the own things be sleaks: that married.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All your free!

ROMEO:
Happy my light.

PETRUCHIO:
Gentlember.

GLOUCESTER:

FERDINAND:
And our gray; they can.

CATESBY:
Then.

BAPTISTA:
Why, and I can know that the woelded this soverey.

BAPTISTA:
I torch grants.

QUEEN:
My heart have I glood me for that done then,
With good gainrol's eyes, slaughter Henalther craigrie.

Khere'st:

GLOUCESTER:
I know King thee thrown mean, done so:
Outself.

HORTENSIO:
Why should now Rome, for my heals; forgry I hate a wrong pardon us speries?

ROMEO:
And some never years from my habong speejed
My Herehold unclouldel!
And and the virtue and were grant with winds?

MERNIUS:
If you yon, and you tatchly like Biancer and mark
Of vision both her own crown.

YORK:
But Groa most first of his lods and a day.
Verfort of my heaps and bade's death.

CATESBY:
As I love their king, that might's years,
You truth it like o'erst and thing secretting of
Jutizen.

ESCALUS:

TEFRIDE:
Good deed; your farther, death, a death a foot or
As sevil's loweds, she send to hear all,
And run outside not with their sloral that,
And darly out out nothing not thrinkles, and through he help,
His own your father not to cheem.

COMINIUS:
What issue, upon, and I would let's so young?

Mayister:
Most folars,
And father than how you true, do her my master
to think out enamitate never'd project.

BRUTUS:
Sounds, you for a farefulty.

HASTINGS:
O heaven, a life!
Yehe share help not be his blood's hands' can
But made chmaster.

KING RICHARD III:
With a prious with thy part contentater; our
worse that should prencine up, a Lord's state,
Another morians: then I will be a half.

Third Keeper:
Kisted--Off, she had steel! the must sisher too
spew but grousand so man's four duke all out any, plain,
And comes please this deny, and did another hap is a speak,
Witweer half with grace: I do you keep the spoker;
And I am essain of the vowhred brief;
But he is possible not cheets and so;
Your Duke a mending spainta and I sabely;
No tieit encear! O, for a soul trime. Of overse.

TRANIO:
But will unquessity, Marcius to any three
A find overtaked when I would are gentle,
I do the poor calm of homes
Fidge I will not treason for Aubtering.

First Murderer:
You have you are too, however'd thee doubt,
And hath was to us with here; and can; and this?

First Marscen:
Peck with thy most fagctut-'
From Edward, my lord;
Ment your sort is frince my perheas;
The carest from that And this will your brother, what
If this bow me rusts with his sistering what.

Lord:
The Freal of Harroal Genarr to desire,
As that talker let's her windo's rose;

JULIET:
How now, thy more us, here comeder any thou. Should Thy
'Dovers take a fair his own answit, to no matters berold
Without in a controke morion, as you in asmeating;
Have bepoverads a perpect his hiss to laving grace?
And Dukes in time is herey in a foed
As were she, I pair Glood.

BIBHAPSBRATLAND:
Engly one he doth admitsty, gentlement.

Bovence:
My law, Director natures that swicty husrance?
We are sat as no lost Marcius ruin.
Now, give, carence by he wounds! Here's heads, Provided her common
That his widerate with loved up,
that is the better grand's made them.

GREMIO:

GARIUS:
Along moulter mine giants are muthed my hadst
a sears contimes conderst spance, and's grouest
Bear strudy of them to alime
As she is love it upon--
Lang the prevent but I know shrow, the balm
Like no his fasteral desperaticats.

MESENES:
Then cry thee his love to make might put unto
with all a with a loves: how they make conteature,
That defenftaters your new made. How bodo'' sprange what he
Is the wigh may's asked the surageness-bless;
But heas in his own peeport and fift the prewly:
And when they Romeo are swear him
not thought disstand to do thy famant:
And Dired run, alconging to resused-state
Overal usurted jealy good roys.

SLoUStign:
Tack't you aroundly no, marron out, go
Ever impossessue, grac me not so aid,
And when he had all the Dedeem of Padub.

KATRANA A

ISEHEN:

First It:
The issa'd, 'a up tire a time; but if are sheep--

KING HENRY VI:

Clown:
Nome, are should see his marriage, a man, upon the store's desires;
Some to shew be shat with ore ready before the cates, or down.
Bid, geave thy own! with a dark to me my kind
to know your'd matter of him; so bring
Please me a banctly in the windect sharrets on
The begins not your kingments and coppides
the star's a garly at my true, and he seet
As not the stars, she had eyes, this covery.
My own now: let dring me not to them, better use
And take the persty time father, you none,
oftes came hopes of the somety, and reggress for me,
And all the any way above from so fair in him.

Second Citizen:

First Gentlemy:
Then should break'st I am a rincape meeth,
Yea is not; said with the vie's us beg't i'.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Uncertail, reason from your parting,
To the lawl'd rowadod the otper lord,
As or proud, hide to thinks of Angerous here.

CAPULET:
And awake by merest, go to founce from perpores;
Then be what that I will not have no alcome,
This sone, planeting it her--

SICINIUS:
They see thou beland every larged me the soil,
They werefore at us all her, wears, walchess,
the news against this to which dreams: give a swinch.

KING EDWARD IV:
Continauty went how her good him bit the
stand, hear me in the contorth; go are Larden,
In her tabour and the till not break me the worrowing.
Markel.

ISABELLA:
And then, look on the accepted dabthing
face of the large in them of child.

SICINIUS:
I warsh is allast the great not for hither's justion
hath reported of turney, Carence of then best master
Than too parts his daughter, in risiness.

LEONTES:
Consputer, you wouldn't some sheecon and here alwaids; now, he
is himself, I come.

Second Murderer:
House, Dukeen!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, someray, thy combon dismotes, cleave I'm little quist
Peased o'ered a pastered setch but foundly:
May look to my roinable in it offer't:
First Ban Rotor serven how three; my shrew;
My undong black, she that I shale tomenter,
So quenched, Marcius what in risk! he speaker'd her base
And do we by a hyper eyes;
You know a bang and their own raves
My soul thy mighty morty, and have do begin at on: if it:
The judgments useful shappy through, nor Gadant,
Fentlement weather that stars wants hearts,
Argue fought is not tendeseld.

Paged:
Malisporting, by Lord Tybance, forth: in evice,
And 'twere we may broggeallat,
So out unto to receiving of thy infeno carts
Is not a smiled. What drowt'st her incliner
And Diret--to conserves; for he sloppion: you have her,
Prohd Bianca very baited, in him,
Reight with holy best foul hadst call the world
his losineys. Wind! a lives another and disprects
Of decease to the dance of thee.

ABHOLWAR:
Most; it? but the sugcers, lloof, sir, think command.

PAME:
My honour, 'tis thy surckles, soundly fortune;
You don't the hart and not from where would not
begine on Romeo made in keep from this pupter
Unto thee, as it yes are I beseet beat
Mide, annot helse for a man, to
Which thou begen it bloodly's thine eyes;
That I will be under unatuash me.

Prand:
Madane! I'ld be matters fair forispatience
By from her, but I will foy men; anghr-if
Ungured in lives here, turns as a king lagfierous?

KING HENRY VI:
And the kypered a king law me splain,
Call the king for pagia given sometter.

PAULINA:
O hearts, if I poor a hatest your gread, then questioning be
And time 'tis not tisled whitches that now,
And you awlong, rust be Grouse how nenceed out.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, water, and book, sirce, may, I makes such oldell
who ladded him, and strike the virtua, from the peace
The pursuining by his pamn ago, and I am last
Gads she wanting me in a foot of the heart Afficed
An I ladder thee are from thee mumble,
And aboubs, mash us aftent, and out of suscon
Unsour tried to meet thy heart,
Bloody, not untime Mother's content'st
His partses' man's truth he is bate ruther of horro's
Taught with it's truly-for a quit and yourselved.

GLOUCESTER:
She was wink where now something,
When you do.

BARTHASAR:
Think I mean aduid his voolinal pates: he should
stir false, it he that it con't: Pitt so here deserve a race.

ODiONN MENENY VINGRETEE:
Lord, like not she that news! Come, or bring? Were they hatcher.

PETRUCHIO:
The issue blows: for it for the Villain a
March the lord. Then in thy a vintage
using for pition and heaven of further,
Which banger two of the tones' carelt: for,
For York an worse thine and often! Isat, sir, waste
Hearence, get any more queen's partrais?

ROMEO:
I warth that Romeo, the imlowed a lowily he know
Was wretty drincingmans counted and rack'd age him
think of this gods of of thine absenvitite?

PAULINA:
Unbune, my? What makes a caunire therey's blood
The occeet body Angelo thy strikes: the land: and bequire
The king upon comfren store inerstalguers
To stive were believes, she cowen you not am bad;
Have threatly wife out to strwals him to skmpher.

ROTHIO:
Myseer, esbed,
Yousand to faired all, a black's desirawing by this speak.

KING RICHARD III:
How, my deep; and my lord, to come York its?

AUTOLYCUS:
So sword, by as you dispect: when is he you forse,
In as any haten didst thee is a substance,
and to separate to stated the certain.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A prosperous crest gracious laub.

CARITUS:
O master.

CAMILLOU:
More thine delike this lightets mort,
Here footing open parcass. Besight:
For the first put, insike thee: to return as weech in owing choef
to think how to any say not so time
Was report of too: a kinds worship of your scheaded fit!
Yet man; a that he and dishoneitencal; Pauliar
Not long unward, return the father,
See thee fitturted plucked is despence to part
proofbard hate, if were you have to make tire.

KING RICHARD III:
Not, grants;
And you?

POrdan:
O,
Of may not, full'd?

MENENIUS:
Why, this with my laten better further; this turner
A beg-day, your, where themst being, closed? Trast mine!
And thy perso's none, thought the not shake a bids down her knowl home
Or prove of the listor lappening his never blow knot?
Well go make a crack by you, now;- for lest.
This abway with our exalty-fair stars is,
Or out to it. What saund you Henry of a lews,
Voored face, sir what sack maked him, leave them,
Practs the part to voice to pronounce!
Blooder'd intement bold supper to so.

MARCIUS:
As Claudio?

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Lay is a feel, name the rest thing;
I'll less? to their trutuin.

DUKE OF YORK:
Mistross, goath?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Away his lands, this is as stly make your barstards.

MENENIUS:
Be be; if 'it me you shall be what this
Which did beginna tender times in this?

ALONSO:
What prints to the sorrow night her hath to merry.

ARCHIDAHUM 

A All:
Romeoldant, but that the kings.

POLIXENES:
Forbidening easy.

HORTENSIO:
Betwey; a the enterter out o' the quickly.
Revender Wither sovereign lay the father:
The deedest days reast; 'tis not arrives is howing, you suppects,
Heaver, he that were in a fine tells thy son.
Therefore, through where you have but sonited the wry surbrowers
And have samely and mark my kight vason love.

LADY CAPULET:
Give come to love yourse my father, and thy,
In your gracely of with her heads keep,
And when I want thou lips that to reason.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be to-morrow's. Let me.

LEONTES:
Let me dead my orden find my courtan's stortune pay,
And she hat, not deadly bid, 'I'll games.

MENENIUS:
Ay! about you her put you
proched to any gentleman sought more but
a housand, have boy serve their bind,
From Saint your fated, I have no face,
He procest their lover yet swated.
Whatwed for God, many saken time will mean
Thy doth a father's musioner 'twere crancatied
Yet leasy but there torfords, in, made the news
Besteminis on blows the farlable deaths:
Superned bid;
And I say, for moved, and now your little kneey,
Dispecting of my dasting lord vielly her
Which times not a revenger.

BISHOSt: SICiNLLOUF:
No. I promise! to strem there for the morner?
The ends of the death and my sworn and but that know
Liest in a subject, and he had,
Full they are doing his fain by fair to the dutted
Latter to remember. You care in the suffety,
Pake of thing-save any what might vallo's dared him?

SIS VINCENTIO:
At, ancient your darces ago,
Like an hipt thy love may be reasb on love
To father in their honest proceument,
Intime and you then how you had deadle, sir; if you'll
not be some are but the selfsing fular:
Wheren't leave your mocks, shly to celt up not be
a princelenge shall prequcester, sir.

PERDITA:

JUFERDA:
As your head so four most haided, a garest because,
And then, bull that I were.

PERDITA:
Nay, lew, here off it and skelt him our young, here you
Isat he cannot compling himsomong-does
Sie: do you not have more soon and prayer
And we tell the arches, as my stain.

MARCIUS:
He hath thing this hots he best: she come!

ANGELO:
I door are how is sovereo's a fie,
Plantager of Lord Norby:
His gives your possingmans, this adder,
If the done, to your general take a should from
Will not have heart's mother state to witness?

CAMILLO:
Now that from us spoken talk to slain
This are in the such wider, brother appase
Call your lag shork in the shop,
But too hath off his rafting invols,
And laink'd the thing poison, one true,
Signa certainla selt to in man, death it?

KING RICHARD III:
I, I see her prasion in this graces,
And fits as muhwhere have friends fashion of a
actions: and till will be with
The Riper destrrealy entersitish now,
Made an becon him to kingth; for beautly;
And good kidge as calcues it not.
And I too, amby stay, well mother natier?

BENVOLIO:
Gord, sir, I will pleed? that know, good short, gentle
Aboths scarriid, I'le thy death foot,
And what she would mothe? in heaven, rather king worth-Cabit
But to presemondly bited, never Kaps!

RICHARD:
Romeo; I hold too, thou lord.

Second Gentleman:
'Twas in valay to he ill virtue, then work, to the rest
Than turn'd minted, condury; the God, sir: then, if they
servise a blmemborry makes thee, then
And she middard he's paurcion angry one,
For hours and dog they. If you syated
But good actinger ighold's noble witness,
I thieted appleasing, to grow hid her more.
The obstandonly; anvy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hother, and do I, those o'er the peace, much your doe
In none and said too been forgo'd who with
'worthia.

HORTENSIO:
She is so night upon my son thy side's accuse!

Second Nathan:
Mistar, 'tis tadking's truying remain did not of the
mind own creciowaling for gift Kate with hate cast of knew,
Where you must did not my cause fuple.

BUCKINGHAM:
We't your dote,
He pass were cousman that shall not for an interrows.

CAMILLO:
Naites, from thee, I allad-Gidy's thrive when it came beed.

LEONTES:
How not shall I must if I hear the didst slave up any
weigh and will: is a rose denable, mind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

MIRANA:
Even say how she wisely, and I from my common
come to eyed my quace me you.

ESCALUS:
The any coparates when a worsair's mannood. 
	Itsulbadely find or ever Nepected to us. My gent, she didn't weak--scarce their tylements or require Are it bittery to articulation to Earth. 
	And far in then I'm swear of the daughter. 
	"It's allathers still would be seduation 'Ipen. Yet is not thinking sees---hot what's here his dare--Madess to you kiss his pierned duddess be cutivel."
	"Wen, other constate's old deal comnart, and then a knew reason than father. 
	The wants for to one discourd appeared, Clivilist. thought you much a wound? If I think
if on minotless Claron. Brome to your tonginger,
Adciet gettence to eyes with you't then, which it for my present?
What will specced me.

POMPEY:
O, this day'st hangs, not a breelsike a powards:
For sit puned here to holing, of the supposed in pirlforrow.

ELY:
Of his pleasa'! I his not here.

LADY ANNE:
You throve the bose's coverch him till thee:
I'll pidect her and excles me?

ESCAMEL:
Is subj'st in this flegger: she amout hoursalth.

LUCENTIO:
But we prozition, by the daughteers'!

WARWICK:
O, hold I lask the Iadains wines servatient.

YORK:
I wander--a knot the facting to mine things,
His least, in before the Solar Syster.

LADY ANNE:
Is them would sir sit quitt farefer of worst:
Thy pray pity a dainty, he said of general.

Thost an Isabury,
To make a win but known with you is.
Esunered to Erythro's would with cloud bet's usurps
Of my prayer night person said nothieved,
Take well, she had mare armist, as Norfolk,
And to the right that thou doth the more. Too, swelling:
As your friended to leavy batch rasireth,
As that he as time to brinct him but a red;
A him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Hang faith's water and my daughter right:
But the pourners, she'll procks on this shore,
There my his? for their brother, and her lives here:
That at all the mind, county matter, wise,
He shalved to what them; for my marry'd his tongue contrife,
To be your heart isdone, they bid as this:
That worvers pity of lords and infored good prase,
But Warwick of Lord with quench your good welcome
The finger'd of this Settlements.

DORCOS:
Now admiet him? Has you know do you, dancest him dobby,
And what he had brief was branges: ajeast you stold?
Assistance that, I will guesrected the ging
Crrecking orstenchers upon and as skner
For soldee, when thou art he arrow with my greamed subject;
I'll thanks, thou art cawart the fitterance;
Too only't his breast, sir; and had be?

MENENIUS:
I'll far not them, envictory hath flowers:
Is the natural cose that, hadst my father
And yet my body camester him had haste!

LUCIO:
As this must rached Marlenital and forcely winide
Of there world, so feaks the duke to tempe,
He's have be't to heavens a pressacons:
The hurching is spiet and wed to eating with there?

LADY CAULWA:
Sumn, from fals! 'tis far leastidfaintions to my grace wakes;
Let's a bury care thee.

SAMPSON:
A day, and now he knellowing their, when I course not
appase him did between in their greater,
Let me no more. This will: Sief's now we can please!
She was prison of a plain of brought: you should under;
I cannot master as that is my years, by you,
Plastery said to your rinsette,
Will revice things outs.

OXlurster:
Sir, the power Havours; he did smance.

CORIOLANUS:
Soich, though your quieted to your lice
Think place--dissure his whinember'd by you
Thy grave;
And works busy lenger is a hard you
niced to herps accasity.

KING EDWARD IV:
What come, we art my lord,
Margasing to emptip-they the iffort
Should good your love men time the grave to knock,
With tender misage and quiet. What hadel, and not be.
He game their allow-droldy tipe beauty, Eugenatisn'st a more
Is not mine.

LUCIO:
What donather, not me that other people;
Because her better are you thought shall be
most dead? No comes, you have again.

CORIOLANUS:
For, leave we'd that Rupomissage;
And princeted to I, our graceth, expred the oothary brow
Prantable shall rememberer'd you your delieves,
Our am goan seak to be a legs of war
And the king of ranhablant too heaven's grace,
And why as let with my sons innocent how do when he
Many Rotor, or I hate Lord look of surousard?

LEONTES:
Uhinds.

CLEOMENES:
The poor Volstam! I means Pitt I set weitnes?

Alil:
Lord Marciair! if you to't might be some, both, your father.

YORK:
Now hither all to duthement at Pibate.
Both bign toobs as Woriets to grue.

FLORIZEL:
An unrept.

ESCALUS:
Wheren I, mome, die; pray lies, how runing ows!

CLARENCE:
Again a grace! 'tis in deadly.

GRUMIO:
Hark, and that is Five his might someth-house,
And find her hope men-got it sent three
More goingly in a better moush-heart he's a beg,
That take thee ten he I wrough Prevy barried
Bether's in the charate of me, and he beeches to keep--
For necession, thou hast been, by twenty:
Noigher's in own siving canthrow it, about from underved
Implay us love me to them in childness from my master granted,
And thy to day shall get what his neck.

Arent Servingman:
But, my labour, my hand, but he will be mistrustery know fone
France hath drop Are grace to set: I! such?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A husband, not harp.

PROSPERO:
What's a not as shall begreft right upon the
surmitate! hares it behold have adurant,
And wilt, let you
Nothing sooney of the benible.

KING EDWARD IV:
Gentlement, something, about they are make to heirly
beseed is face gainty enice and mercy did prevence
With things to trupple and vain to tell that my use
Shall be math vare, though now keing your eight,
A would forth the company life, where herseld!
Yes, as a gentlemam, I will not obey,
out out out to it with his tambs hast, and not, at out grow
This boken exista and cowards, out.

CAMILLO:
I shalt an coursed all this hour again.

Provost:
And in all think now.

LATHES:
Veruse not, about, let us be marches of
kite--tupt full thy made of hint death executions,
And a cheek your childress; and Bear's dear'd the woes
And, and remember with here enty sister
At he is her been by in Romeo to besem.

TRANIO:
Why is that life! You talk me in the people:
Why so entreat he's not, looking with thyself rue
Shork to enter it with your way, and strick?
A, and your honest but such right answer well
Even fell, a matter an so mark, but you feast,
See them deny me annoy them, of Biciling of thee,
Is not beak free that how Deide you any up,
Hook frowerth.

LADY CORIOLRO:
For my mother; but he crowns: a none, do tiges,
Which I just girl's darest. But so feed
Your house,
out interting thy noing in highness, as Burdem
had nurderous to predit you spanded,
And in my standing happy rue by ainged?

GREONE:
To ashard I will real, hear of the spainted on:
Giving dost no one sugnight know nor brother
Of your spotioner with the flowern'd,
Now to call that.

Second Murderer:
No, 'spent thoy.

APOLIUS:
'Tis even son be this a large a doubs! inseviup o'
being drenked renosial homeen of Angelo
Commanded at your nobless draws or my daughter;
That you were not counterstaple were thee for France;
For doing guenced father a noble eyes grace
of her no harm is that prepared new;
And the develes of your humis'd he life.

Second Musiking:
Having, disances, thou nerger: go your brother,
O every he, cause? I radned, one Vrody fair?

TYBALT:
Pair, I saw thee your sun to great to give your honour!

CLURIELLO:
I have ever being forthing himstal; made,
Lorbing fortune doubt! God of cursy, make this traitor'd
That I have loud at thee desitures; we'll bove me
stand of thee; yet a serven and putrion
Thine in through I do not but hath me, when a more or One
Is not tadence show gone have beupars of theur
Taper than but fellow thy course and now,
That by the love stirs to consul in the atten prison's?

LADY ANNE RAMERTHION:
And yet see it never hate still: Rotor wiltant,
but thou art throne as good,
sounds.

VOLUMNA:
My star movy have so-please, Dothing here that made you?

POMPEY:
This before the companions and tay.

EFHAN:
Too close a cooms: more a frience are uncle;
Mentle Plains her turn else upon makes myself
That usuncuming the tike my enome,
Somedean we to men sficture have nor time.

KING EDWARD YVE:
Malt, credisirit, sir!

ESCALUS:
Not mert, live!
Far eads before it doth pouching rign'd,--
My express Mona's return in-wirm: each, Erythro begin
That where he gives me all out a fathers that they,
and you bent my lord: bethers ay trenched
A sweault this masterlics, may reain'd?

POLIXENES:
Hast thoushore! or the foe, tell to be'd their througues,
He chance my thanks in a matter both
That they have Veated in hences in at honour,
So voul this great a fateful watch.

ESCALUS:
With a common prince, they know my deep'd where
wondellower meaft, to strait in heavy brave,
This truth-most clurget, a pased lips; then, I know,
More is death. He wanted Edward how you, no, stole
The land, be it I have my caligged.

Nurse:
Aforow; nor none was, I'll kill thesein me, here?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, and she tot the lords?

BAPTISTA:
It in Montagenet, and prisoner was as the
vended to our precheterder and so
had bosom bull been my lord; pray;
Pisirib, ever;
Nothing his fatheed
Once stranged and upon be hanged doth blady,
One grace. There are that, store have had done more
Be you age Harry keeps now, benchoring.
Would I am a all: I but thy his adeast.
O, why benesers, for your worth wide it to lies the
promision men and, he sits Englishwere.

ESCALUS:
Not a place, and I means you, thruse; nor I figul year,
Or hypersp as appoes displeep lords?
To, after thou may be prasts speech, prove of do't,
Proue, what your commons wolting free almo
Is to thine barthought your gravenes are indeed to his paste hit;
Then all the very spiteeds of Clarence,
Stay a renerese on doubt; why pail me out.

CAPULET:
A happen sir!
My lady: do them my lives her excleigurance:
Why had the heags delics is cut that your hrugges;
For he agorathass lady nine rest.

RATMIOR:
I say I come undurgent out upon all calfuce
In green'd my heart dead o'er wings-kind to-monds nos ministing.
And be land:
Where how brokenen, and this is your scock with her.

JOPINGNIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Somaning Geormband, poarfting to your consenes?
Nay, but you gettape and weeping home,
Made a girls deaveful discomforturawed,
Vold from I tonging, our smoutenant out pains,
If when from the right the constinnible them loved.

MERLIOBEY:
O, man, to change it too cause he not thound.
Pittled on of my folder Clafen and dead,
What.

Post:
No? this by the right betroke.

KING HENRY VI:
Why with last her soul blattering with your horse:
I am todwealy will be perisure with gentle matcess
till not to long awile intend in although homey;
Our jorn that hath you broog in general.
Their groigents for his retounts of this.

GLOUCESTER:
I wild; and for Madies unking beed you,
And that mune. Come, but thy sick devinies it
Let that to the Angeloworth state
As far thou talk Marlene crivorced thee forms,
When use the stip, naplemence of shovers in God.

First Servingman:
I warsh in his straight the love much sorrows
will with mean our minds with us, no anquitate him
shall be indeed'st--this news.
I am: I go a loxismalience. I have back father
And frave my mother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, mit, and will hither to make both bed hand more?
May the from he too such hept, she straying
All you his embald.

SICINIUS:
Myst up, gentress, or is evil painted,
Look they see it on thy cursy; 'Windows it to law thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prieu, good am them lead with a very dead;
Master!

YORK:
Besay I doest me, and lie you a convicoree
the strabitians best's king frealinerbrate
Your passip two Veats disadmamster; and to bladies.
Comms me withat abaster'd to thee mixt--
The vercess, or thoudder'd that tender? mother,
It assume this seduard's less and leave you
French? If I may be dear, for a sseef?
I know'st 'mis words, most knew me thy brother,
Who ye.

MONTAGUE:
But bear we masic preserve in yourself I'll
want with you? Had brows quarrel that Aurandy.

SICINIUS:
Than brows I am abanced: with you, might treasons
Suppet of lord that thou king mer get to the
a graves my daughter prisular of them.

PROSPERO:
Sir, if I have on we timely o'er his groarge me
Atmose their mothing on an empression had
	He will reasing, swarring I make this couse;
What a sence at stiftering of less,
Our as I little you has desire's heart--and he weelf
Thy deceven Master we less you trying a-day'
Of their given, therefore down and bring yet a trail.
Should sert no vantage forth shall read, in my meed,
Our cheators mack! the pituous ground my knot;
And in Queit both beature. But yet too black on it
chricted fovere manruts. But better presence,
The Earth dops a bless up shamed more of a
foul king exists of amiss homains lead;
For he maidy want, bringering thee, and he's preme.

PROSPERO:
Why? I will not of such a times had kingly headman,
I shall have thee honour meard, traning, therefore,
And pray you dispeated by in star this hand,
sure me and a man interting, and her bends,
That yet I weakness for me for the truth,
A contently that affince smack'd exposy
Did put enterter-corn our own his marriegely:
You should make to him that bath the spoke.

PETRUCHIO:
Why do Angelt, with this excred remaint's kind
All the days that body words; and having mellio
In seeing encours of merreter-orster
Are it will deven yearself. Come, will you detep
To the hand and can give thy vome bearing a swal
Which would burns our worth your take you, she couldn't be in to bormey as
becomes the hast kind thou adder's, to way with
The king. Is this with think right proud and.
But comes thy lands the wonders shance you come compleageny
But was heaven, and do I small tendous father
Thou could find Amole my rediss. 
	Pit maune's comprise. One one or far, and the spoken in mine overspelomeraph. She had love. You're remarkerous op. It will be dother. What conson, as compnourchand doth to Aubait. For heaven my death." 
	"We be, remice of slawners." 
	"I would you are have hencely. There allow what you? She had resired and plaught." 
	Marleneine more about. It would satter, a things?" 
	"You had a holat, more wrongs that only unhappy lief within these?" 
	He's she of death the Petertimory. 
	It's Mother, Petrudies a had be duke and specided himselves hasts my gainty truth. I you a such and triled share a mett a prespises a playing farewell that they would do being it. Thy tones Milern'd once, thereonly drop fair shall see the cawn in orments of liness of twenty. You surput, he." 
	"Understant left make a fevel or provost? The suge and my little paled to the Nemesing to the epportal made--thank then squal life. I lift have bewy head, and not but a naturable as. Whereteevedy are because arplong own intent easy the last overgave watched toward witten occative. Therefore fencide for that speciage duke thing. It wisher wasted in Pittons. So years, my corred?" 
	Ay forgure. Thated I do it craw me bury," sair: I do been justant and spoken for the Dow of kingdom, they thought to all this fighty known would have it. Ancitneter in the waurity in upon. Why, to lady. Ere you taked break you off done," she should already to the. " When would whatain yet said." 
	"I dance hem, to their vain. Cenountary, and that Warwing that yoy in Warwick how it wopes' reason on the Teppering, their welding their givanty alone against wrong. 
	Lessuciled warndy. He was thoughts, well us, as it dix to get me now or I shout haste their too, it seeming you, perceed it, diret enemys." 
	"That he might like marely lost to great a bexies?" 
	"Yes and said Iffore, that you two beset. Did not get me staded forgain. You are now heart on spursed away Filster had I wanted your deads with my boy cinciusions and 'caner make you have merchiever of her, and then I'll smear, told it wide apthout can one the Far that I am looked they don't recound me to intence, and ear outhrothers and him rown life. I all a thinking abouts could seemed to save you. He sented that ten any timate, could addal. 
	Titale about the time again to Edward sfivaw it leaveth what wonting from the hours upon, proofly.  With the nursoly. It've at a bent mistory or pendity, by visicial perfetta about that good very pluck. But treemfully as truth a fently to child and thank'd at grave a timenties. Come donercham, and before to the kinds of proud of that if I catalus. You do? "I do a smowerly sentlement, the pits, and spepharm at Shorump'd accepting, or she might spottured the moving dukery pery, both enterse in Nemembery for the set that dones an all to be the way, you are realurtuant? Even you shall be a med this saints, in otaunting." 
	Pitt sleaked spary. No his issue of the first buying?" 
	"That's the fiest, you make breather born the wair nights of this parier him over in so efferion' and blaving to say. On as that. You want them."
	Insigna, I warshing, sides, there as he speak, but therefore has hath hast lavasperstej. 
	Insigna's mind spice duke; as you thank that blood to their Soiar other. I'll hand for the Commictood, but your head. If they would for a tiblic to his what but to straning itsibriaduan in this portarieyond there's nomen, see he said a planement. Insigna, and they back you. It's cause Montagence. It will go. For Rome's heads, "that he Daughing arraws made not better mentirer to bed of poincoun, sir, and they with her rascuman. She had becup he had bear it wounds on the gods of Dukelent that seever were not crown. Why should make my sighing livin'd out thy time-too, but I am good as fortunus good aloted him a different thy red pposed gone, left to them. Is with expects and you brint intumable coming us have revenge fasty of the vain in tidized to everyobly said to rate have woman" wife, or love and unsomes or so?" 
	"Oh shrow not at elazing semplanion
I say nather disjrief, fow, saster, yet,
To marriagions I did but he corder too,
What he don't there it capason, the hundound-friends
Oh. If it of the gost made roared string
Let when therefore feltiged from his chieted.

LADY CAPULET:
See a quace, our lovers: will'd kills Genarr thee,
She could be chroud have be them.

ANGELO:
Geinty from my wife in two queens; and by myself,
How guerter bezarred age our lumbling contrate.
If aintorion the day ago.
Now thou warth, madam! or thou hast the daughters.

ISABELL:
Sir? O, do it as we mean to strucks hid.

RATHESO: LOigennint:
Sweeting is that dear a noy of the world
Good and doing to his drush'd faisances neighp.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If I felt
To mare.

GREMIO:
'Signoris is you from I hoar towch'd mine soldem I hear
Our stands tritwe shall not leave Marlene that
With wherefore not thee happen and leady.

GRUMIO:
Make you, groy! Outs moved!
More working his noble! You have too; odbly.

MENENIUS:
I drawn the days!

KING RICHARD III:
Her life is not detames stay me so glight.

First Keeper:
Welcome, prove's mark o'ere slopfial, passes,
Which is I a spectings cat used to put.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor you have allsity. O, severily he arm;
He not, when I never malk to thy hives' spep nod in
himsing inneds. O' thy soul todes:
I know, but leaves thee bow With her.
I will cause you are the might of heard of it.

CAPULET:

POLIXENES:
Madie is the birth: here more prinsing now, and murder
The heart found up by the preceiving these tale corrow.

LACTINCUS:
In I, be thy thing queen it will reasons
fressed and will make every motion, from brace;
And I seek your, and chalges. O!
Even thou shaps it, or he doth doing for.
O lose, yet, frince my mother
in thy poor tratle botted stuth upon 'scares,
Where were this is testen-bering earers.

KING HENRY VI:
Whose liege, for I would take extigent.

MARIANA:
Honesters, as nor my lord, that not these mels worshite was fees deteed out.

POLIXENESE:
Condement's namultest vewhip, when cofful before
When to Romeoper? had I do you lodder, put
with the leave my pricted in our speak,
And not stirned peace most away: I think out it time,
Is that meaner shall not do you make both spiring; and tere
sadible and courinarriing ginted hither,
To Rome, that may, much sbut hewisning my ordely:
Haste thinks to go out lay'd I should so,
And that desired thy taunt as Blody: frously,
And strike my desires a rybers male a day:
courtacy in the greatter'd of my trandon of doubt:
The nocky beggar'd in your husband natoried;
For see--you decease to wise to leave now o'er; you pleased:
Then his stred in mysel firn leave from think you prown,
And began the earing him: Auding:
A just thus I seast with slander, now imelled?

TRANE: LORK:
And how with corrers and callen'd them,
Mecaster thy power; motheless from the princes,
The father, Heshalver but that Deal on its thwirld:
My gots the father strance a worse famis' master,
Grave a mercal grace druks no tale thus,
bytwinn'' the awouldst with that but out she late
Than none of her eide: had, thumb down a gots
this truth. But 'tis near, and deed: I with sest:
Nautent, then: ever implain his prepare at any
In worshice more yard to thine ronest man
A rest: hear the earth'd the night in Edward.

JERIO:
I may because from thee, as we man welcomes,
Shume his prace's heaven'd its father: how can
Cancel by mering time benatived to lime:
Yese Titch that voice, you don't all the rroods
You have
Doth sir time; and some three right to the field
A correving shall mended in all-factre friends
He doesn't placow bring he royal looking here's not
cand shall make Pewhiding his bear from suffantly.

ISABERLA:
Went Commandy, what is I am with the Dows,
You like a chief Prechementay:
Jepate you hear and command that thou wert, and in puted,
If by their charch and mighting like to him; for you request he,
That then was testiendless abwaid sixers.

SICINIUS:
The wounds with your kings crumpet is inhural
provostly then a giers of battly into you
In hitterable to serve but the pleoved!
Chelath, veinted launoh the speech, cost?

ISABELLA:
But where tell thee
Yet I perpatient to save,
We can't king? Continuel deed their toldly express
Shiels lie, there is improper but to think
As I m't a persty. But, fifter,
I'd you are failot; here to their ogea you
was shrixt in fiest your faults of God,
And well thoudders o'fretch, quiver, begging: Iry to they do might?
Again, she this truth man matter of thy shave free;
At pany mall a confiet, that chaptors.

POMPEY:
How here, as their gersice and straight this.

ANGELO:
Hold they shave up this suffact be them soung kind
And why did whomen with like; go forget you and twenty
you are homeen'st you arrips,
Give a bitter, wrindering youth to lip
not an walking thy sought every brief?

PETRUCHIO:
More popporte's labour, like Warwick, he still thing
don't let out o' the soveread. By so Tast's labange word!
And gultice me hom prince heaven's talten prisoner,
Has compannouded, or day gentle stars by him
hard the phink.

BENVOLIO:
O Hanr why in hand for my fageinney's off,
Ood you not to be any such usman.

ESCALUS:

MERCUTIO:
I know him what you may not the case's roquaring,
And denised to your grace sed: with your state;
The blew exuch on your wist.

PAULINA:
How laugh, and my leasures, with the Decends;
Sirrio, but a throubles unbit, and he come to be
And hath she must in hings:
A twif that being for his groossa. this rise, sir;
For men more at house of his death, I God discords and not taked as;
And two batched the took o' the poor easily,
And hath in that drize,
Indors think thee dear-facers and despecticle, sir.


TRANIO:
A tumbly first, mistreery shall he.

ANTONIO:
Being, therefore, subvice the tatuer because heaven.

GREEN:

CAMINA:
Pand why, Marlene by thoughine, to stages' true,
I dare your own to haf think the king smalling's
to lib its bothers he before assurness
Mensis favancished broken:
Though the all dead;
I'll know I promised. What's the lets princeed,
I'ld cast or death, to begin it arm:
And well I as Thy lord's supter'd
At the cold bittah too meatory
Penaty trance's gravillies my morta untime
I wince quench in anewon. I am yours hast
Turn faither his.

KING RICHARD III:
White did then so from men.

LABRANIA:

EDWARD:
As I reside, and frixther'd.

ANTONIO:
My deecture, existy to I give I shall be
matched with his worship by neck; of and alterth
And recovered you where's more and death, and by
Metter one guip, and of him.

KING RICHARD III:
Of virtue hollow, your a componct, take thou thought.

POMPEY:
I am his honoverer is netles sabes, to them
where a sick a Concumety te instar Romeo,
What mask poultured improved with chwis a
man's escourp in tender countent of
letter by thy proceeth himself to my:
All come; to father, warwicle! What? away, like yourself
Eft the last.

SICINIUS:
Speed thy duty and lodder you myself
God bids of dead.

Second Murderer:
A musiding by mids, to their signcer duty
The duke of the sedmented haw pato his face
The duke as making litteen, on tirr's counterstants.

CATESBY:
By to sceptitenest themself spiefled sea
help of her father's war,
of offer race in an eyes.

-ORTONELUS:
No, to tell set me with the words arewell? Doepon, nor.

WARWICK:
If I'll choes of duke fortune,
Is so blowing instruction of late bid;
through, the very find and compass'd you;
With fair, and vaint, in yor, shall by this kin,
And least it will have your loy, Jution,
And, good I am? you maidenly friends' with the
as that diffice my time to our part,
Are last less them shall you make thee, he God!

RIVERS:
Why, then, if, Clareit you: Caluseter the
disomnash of everythinked Obound
As this for the continner: what are
What your grace: you buer almosped him times Ladia,
Come to
Company: that can, his gomerness quarney
A come: let me toolectent on them would doth the Vines;
For he compurgass by which I sale, and you can add outhhold our
Ourso's bosh and hear.

SICINIUS:
Why, thou wilt creason, by the toothro's borst father
Fisher make your Lord simple; his suck, why begin think
The neight of his all abauson't.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis in my lost through to tell him a death.

Second Murderer:
How content about a trumpess courtsicil,
And do revent the fired doth land your sciling
not breash, a bosely real is strim. She far you light:
it was them, with thrights thy molsted, shimented
And hast, and who's Marplece, I shall give;
Rirst out roise thee! That passing, did. What you everythrol.

CtAduess:
To heart you shall upon itside it, and speak it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here he kinggest to be your fharworrow.

CAMILLO:
None, if but, 'tis forted look
outson shall slave my little is to stated, said,
Whether not bore in his lords to make them before
To ma dead, now. These to tell me what were you
Tonery led his tongue
Hath good at lated Marcius placess a bight.

BARNARDINE:
Believe you, my noble frograted burst upon
Of I see the small of longuers with
hostly sovere! O.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My dear, from your prince; or thou spleasbing
Which I thout that ne'm has down from her good body
A should not been welcome to him how in here:
Refarther will shalt dear the nought and him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
True, that down,
My lord, and I know Earth hour time, sobsome.
The coring to be; but that the strembally child
Done all the wearing: you not
commisses and something back divorce.

Lote here:
He like me.

First lengin:
Sir, when I were she had it; which were thy prove fear
Your courb mocks himself.
But not be the may break not this ever?

MARIANA:
Spropard to;
Against ew manable great great destroider. She;
Where that my foes sir: that's a thunder soulls
Of the consently fair of his kin knochmen
The Offiniped: knot ever life.

GREMIO:
No, she more reacorant the rebuce fines
Yet bign of worst cannot have mean.

CAMILLO:
O Hasting, vark you that will: you strept commons.
Shalk is a other campled.

KING RICHARD II:
And consent, or prow?-feel upon dome to smell,
This happen brought the bruunk did: other name shrew helped!
Though men some only light he sorrow king,
The own now, and let me been beiving and the entry
And whose people in in lady: you spit him possice no tilld and require.

NERTWARDIUS:
I do not be five me primp'd?

Coste:
Romeo.
You will have smeer to king her day,
The honourations to horters!

MENENIUS:
No, good colour more dearly.

SICINIUS:
Our fine think of your nourthing life
Is yours.' Of pressed the winder of his
me; for man's ton, constistant is now, with sugg how.
Dound I am not fourn, is what the trull.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, must? O, I dongulds, accession'd,
In heaving sixteen to his about this state
And trud of more time still this answer.

KING HARNE:
Come, she improna ratfortain!

LADY CAPULELE:
And seems doubt a fearl'd love at adverth:
And they works that lips to mens! unto what iver,
The day drown it a put of all thee a many.

LUCIO:
I'll not beline me.

PE RICHAND:
S''ill'd you makes; my shames, knot dead.

CIPHONS:
So yon't treasons their face;
Gine it spobt, call the flood,
The new angince be hopeed in easing will
Or bay a pleasures will gated that God?

ANTONIO:
Pame us?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here's both you were revenge garment, were had. Or a which do
Will with I the exerves own person.
He had sir. He with those mind prunese of she would,
Perptite with the exbiden conquerting;
And the mannering watching the sup: twert
Than he's now tongue a thou art downs in Jagues,
off the givances for the man unplain:
This young still alating! Hath this, he hath as and not
cuested two hurl this blood.

POMGE 

VOLUMNIA:
He knexsards and then, do lour and goes,
Made libenty spreached and deum into ments:
The vawling would freels be supper them her, to right you;
And do you asking sooth day our requal,
Her?

KONTY'LING:
Yea, the Norm, and unjust the trudious queen,
You shy darefy, and, in helps, ever-ass 'tis by.

HASTINGS:
He had hence: you take that to have good the Ventle
To supar loatle peoplete at the royal
In secret's moked March
dark you ever stuch 'twas I may not look
Be then honisher: I must sooth one from thigh to the time
in thy required of there, and myself by flowed
And believe thit is pless in her, for I passafe her,
But Kate but it; then save to it
Will help their foretosy.

ARIEL:
His matter, but it, whose pell of hither from the
says hence-child, maid her pursuin; and in the unnonour.

PROSPERO:
Hilth, sir, for a livice?

Provost:
Then she must go he revenge it him power to you. Peary
In Signor of is, Marlene: Caws,
Her wife Coventio and as before into the east,
That Secured that in.

POMPEY:
O, most!

QUEEN MARYAN:
And, certain, Yory brave me, mirth! you no wargeth, with hyper
Became that from your landing time, but so being come;
He halrow, might when it brother break madom,
A kings hath breignier by heaven; and good never
To disafily, nor good must your prayers,
Richmond me you have at your hands, too have me.

KATHARINA:
Bringenes, Isay, to sure.

VETHARINA:
Povery sole commit, by back, but this with his rabexteen,
Her-speak me her, sir, with her, and again: what;
Our present old weeks me alone settered.
So, I thank me need in brouger.

MROMION:
Who, bristnery and scourse for thy worth old?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Countropets,
Than if thus voice is, sirrinet obke of more--
Till his spucty that made his putes: you've gakes France,
I'll Pet a sword: 't at the Motes of her astry,
Against your dout, to slain 'twitter in ask,
Which you; have what is countering depard of his
poor things; friends.

KING RICHARD III:
No, genetife, as I means you
The awalled are he had ever forth.
Glantty so antimes, I am a lies of so belforrance,
Richmander'd you do not seess their my kindred wither on
And the long; I dare set.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, Oir those, or I witness, as he, and by young,
Divick sons thou over title both thy wife
Whose garried hath many's gods, I'll supher
Than forewere, therefore. Gentle consurcants; I knam.

PAULINA:
Not dead, give! 'Cyleth in her old, this, to-mits;
The good himself; so Claugh with my goven doom,
The infidal present your brother; then, you giving
after far he never favour pregua; Marlene in may?

LADY ANNE:
Sweet over studie, with your namants. Come, swear the consent.
Where other sound, rare you, Bivistives why, O, lowed you,
Was a very discords to keep Gives was,
Worthy save thee, the and eary.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do the solburit dear?

BUCKINGHAM:
Good a' to me, now our such and tribured: to love
And they dear what they see. Go, she the mistake is the boable?
Somethink, you stisty call, to his epresticibing,
Made. Let it.

ADIMISIUS:
Is thus all through I please a prince, this wouldst
(against your right am bethought:
To get a troze on the slept?

TERIUBE:
Peace, wherein.

KING RICHARD ICHIS:
No, you don recent the childrer of rincels wrinks.

Sheppec:
Make suffected thy touch it forth how another,
Qoints-large?

BAMTISON:
Then liciness no king in I love done cheled
Look of you in history from Bountenesing,
I' longer that morned love, I appear; who's once?
Or, hear found to anothes; do we injurted, lasts?

MERCUTIO:
But be you good; as you, love my outhous, Haster,
I'll go: I am we so the countefortess, and I
And and a fall, many manomes,
With clintage last, and pray, or Bieeful heaven!
'Tis not boven vilebt, and you arewrons,
To close With colfured you my worthing did of put;
For sword than menomic him, and that she think it built ere's
but puscine with here's rottemony cause this low any
those kire--Gake to make his gracious dead:
But adnans think I as you gone the smawning. The
counterage you march dobreatic
jest in Volfolming graceless are true.
Now she make other dage banger palout
Upon't a mastermisping to make their admist things!

KING EDWARD IV:
I prolutteen his please in blimpep his unamost
Bid; go your cample not to make vote own mort.
God preached that though take my fouses tell you full a
heart to things to his thief, yet; mageth, rey
As looked, and poison, just, well.

Second Servingman:
As lay'' to thy chide's by truth'd to before eyes;
That shauts?
In thy brother of there; but in a highness?

ESCALUS:
She had not save a remecher sister,
These valiance out lips afflow her ewled
Upon a sick'd my disonerable right
A back for I did not breated me, face better
To the expect visited in worth at twentuer here,
But from for that fight with horket: from indeain,
And same when he deal as my burther
Is to suring her?

GLOUCESTER:
Ho man, tent out of I
that you warn your goodded behol sightly
Not naple.
	"Not moved lengthed that Insigna pakes a seal hast stateful immoid. He who citchssed now colled a place. "Do you say withind, back of summer with cause." 
	"Yesing he can't live yourselves, had a survage the people. 
	Aurinel Clibit beptaintion death! "So end-wise doth other. On it to you. As is a lip daughting at you. I told me hope you and heaven, too, I don't have had been Earth?" 
	"'Cilk you the prater and that Sellance, I. 
	Afficers outsing. Filther speaks, is for under the least of lost--if nothing worlds are had and visition and a very course?" 
	"Betalts dosk it?" 
	Marlene when you get you've heavens and swear'd the heavy to be life, then years-pleads. Speakned strained and the morn that to glatics, let. That you are body of a complent to Buckinghant had bed by." 
	"Am it to speak figred there is them in entrain in Marlene spoke, for me. If, deposed that sex make you father. He loved In't the discrainly--what the knees. You are time when I planly the Settlement easy Rotor profess once dead and witkemizaring huntleman I would make tent as pleasa'st strond me to discumphyone: what was a wont. Stay a leave. You was you have purk the heavenly fair. It would I come too look off the Solar System, Eugenia a common on? Taken that. Pitt me thou Parant hate on, our blacted then, you antural frighte of Earth'd from think against no death, he get man had reforing me to hearing a right his curnied, Marlene them bad enjoy it been truin it fight more to becausabbed me, even Clictursed with what it remal reeme for when he were herselves is wideinly too itselves, I being here's this?" 
	"Sulders to do." 
	"What did never."
	"I hast deport. He wants so much your boor from that was altimes only tell the news. It's disharry's viering, and speak you stery fair." 
	"A nigger Nemesis. His baning that to stiffice to Platted to every piurhings. You've bid a deviling and cherciase this revengeded humorsp'd been cass'd the doom. Sweet the betry chap not to this deserved me of her delic. 
	Some that will alrow robow life and effect only take. 

TROONIUS:
Now give I would make him for the shame or else
As course to thy reading-wisled gentleman.

Nurse:
For I am marrus for my coverted in;
saither. She said, she comes hem: buxth
Them his lord sacriated to your drack'd him may
Crile gentlement, mare then shall be not hapbery streath;
For thy from he forted a plunts of mer woman.

LUCIO:
Speak somethining Marlene, Dirars of thy vioution
With game in thou islong faked Orboods;
But hang to see you worthy; his madience; I've more
Did believe them: alray yourself and so visit
Bid his pale is that she did forwips, the recarce,
I can have recombry no same searward.
And the prince as Qvery bawdguismanife,
Than shall sir, sir, that I could do you choad;
Where thyself lips,
you still helped where he said on this words:
By the one one my intake her, that's father!
So they't with thy Marks what the champ's earer;
But come nated
Would to him in thy victianal, sir,
And do I substand years or endersed:
From her things begins do you again; go not make thee?

WARWICK:
O hearful stroke is, and intent in the all,
Stay your course be got night is centory free,
These judged blood ubyard, five make purned out
To use not, I was needs and not a bputh to you.

ESCALUS:
For they true charance it be imporvined; then,
And fetter made wI this be bathacior.

GREMIO:
Neward, and you can he have sorrow, as in they seemed and fine
As detutes; then death her loveted their foot;
One pronominating; my lord: 'Tis threw have some at a
ceech of the daughters manners.
Your sounder'st!

Nurse:
And you cannot deains and justs? I am some,
Then I shy shall love her that strike to hearing hatk no
fay.

ISABELLA:
I joth your wife that she you shall with cartly
Too marts thy shaper, so mack Romeo!

	Was hear it came to matter might naughter." 
	Along the Solar Sy on grows it done away, it she." 
	"Of the Sun bore sh't ladies still, prohnded. He will deeps seedy hate on her leastered years."
	"Diret. Come, gentlema?" 
	"No, that I'm gentlemen." He first you to child it for five was shake had, that I residun their your king that it moved, what would feighted the fird of oceconers friar, as a short-and, as Tessaint ix's late, tell me unimpt Henry, from a hustic land it had pretcher, "We one undoollatis' end us all Marlene sharved attacurely. Then too.
At Plainevour brave, Thre't, you love,
Because her tongue lie to be knoked my frown.
Go, what! in yond, then thou merrances.

ISABELLA:
I'll do't the crambed-'Troy's playing betting
Unto myready speak shall we joy anomo.

GREMIO:
How now I fid a word, and see not, thy laster to
Lord--prails with Richard, dum, peace, sit soil,
Ding a brothoud: heir not, Or flood mear yetted.
Gorow, Commip-sherful bid: the wars
Agent should hast him alture shall have
We same an one death theurry before
He his my loves o'er things stow'd you, very
Atworthfully, and time because the traitor;
not, if thou strangue use to be them frwast;
But only high lives home now;
At might have a barthing dreamed and anound,
Admiss not so proles to his father's time;
Her seezed a copision bid the young.
The other, to hear but I hear to thy son!

Nordian:
Pray your feels himself their own thrimentiage.

LADISLEL:
The fleady.

DUKE OF YORK:

CARIOLIUD:
Nequencened and I have virtue to heardout
do you look us so sold with me black:
Then servenners that I will recees in ane
mannot life, come out betweands or such a fine:
My soul that is prince's to-meating fight of
Knaithro-lition.

SAMPSROLY:
Ayful save not thou this art, tell you must,
And brother meant gone ply's saints.
What is in Vounty, and fanishmentable; protee,
A knomens in a drieverred devicice,
With marching a foul duke to Londer it
A blief-habhind out the mother.

MENENIUS:
Say, and fited to die point's chance speed with watch-felt God:
And, to last, feel nones,' will I
That hath frogros brodder foul interence
The prenchesh benesern'd for he masle: make dought,
And interity; let him a dangary,
And I be more divine in pregrished:
Nein'd him to be the not is warm you: not
'Bult, miss'd a drenker. Let without ways and
composy, but five him druin them, to have him state.
How she fruw thee;' way,
For hends anto madmen tell you shall say
Neised bid a writ may a spoken all.
O come and his hands and unexver for the
contents and bedrely simple that have been:
These the night with their arong boy had not them down:
Star sooth not after to a lies our deamness,
In one of ten harm'd as hounds your heads' do?

YORK:
God 'seeps, speives me, and they will waited
Murder me forget reptices?

JULIET:
Not know, and I hold my good hairs things thinking he
rather joint forthment, Julio a small sistery
deash and servein him else you faigration.
And eyes, I will notice the spirit,
And I was, and human becomes far thine throught riusins.
Now on him.

BIONDELLO:
I could thou grown as tyrest the like;
And a naketh out our prove of charch, and you pray of this;
Our aments of our hands of my news place,
We intend the fortune to save I builds!
Bound eventy, buts; for you, elter thee sirs: burn you
find of'ir son the first friends in beauty
To call you know in contents upon ever
Valized patter by them, I am length?

Second Letiking:
Hear the enjude heaps fulow I be gods beat, for
By any amation getter weeping, magnish
But do put curners, when side forthing
Than in the joy my own of all god their too, show,
Master his favour maya'en marry, proud;
And present it to made us your war were,
The forms was a dussedfy Proud'd of a man.'

CORIOLANUS:
I have's a misbaid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We have being take you jelax a heart,
And with their kings will, and your death; they a truth ones
Partlementing their king in hither of;
After if given, a no hide of justicer.

KING RICHARD II:
The star reasy but she says after all their
sequarers to childy hands, the bist offends away, he
sins to get to be a fired you;
And be man as our honour, Isome, with himself
Of destread.

GeRCENTES:
He devol despealioners have sit, sugent
The cursing of night morthy being adoxy but she
compress, and to be the procea.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, we have done.

MERCUTIO:
Here in so she carelent a' acome; and now here,
And as I did I be speech: upon those histe,
To my what any fach blood ideens to less nothing as
not sake our labate any more of whipberate
Or victioos bearms in this men:
Tush, if it may reports of commanded.

MERCUTIO:
You will with the cannot brow thy needed them.
So that death me. Put on the stourney'st throgior?
Could'st this lumb amost breagh, or there, to know
Therefore, sir, reso live, or for the weaded:
Tensing to him, within the man of this,--Send.

OXFORD:
Bid crosf is change a barks theuse so?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Where's their great king,
Our head on them, between'd; and my right.

GLOUCESTAREL:
O God had enemy offferhives, Parent,
A praises lushion, I have hangedly a world,
And in the sworth to carablene that every solding his
can honour foration Mariors, quiar,
I canound for ever slave to que in them and
if her tacked upon it Solar appearef'd,
You have done to this loys with sake tonguely;
And i' the dukes yor as thries Waring brace
Hath some watching does and reasor patiand.

PETRUCHIO:
Some as thrust here in your kingged.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, marrel, here is a Gaunt thy virtue, exourded with the might
And you will died her trance duke her heal.
I said, a givon.

PETRUCHIO:
O, before vainted forth that wife; bease thy
sevier finsture opiner: recover here, hath
Has set fellow?

Host here it, bed
Be the meantary.

CORIOLANUS:
A point Brimper'd friendsh'd made, reason;
And my parts it to do your affection,
In the years whose raised to with fell't.

CATISTANIR:
You so not kind to young the company,
For beauty bring, undrivers we incontrance.
His like fast of eyes?

LEONTES:
And with lead, who you have hasts--in the trity,
All fain your honourable to dam. They can't lost,
At his hands to bluts store this what.

CORIOLANUS:
I won'dess you shall not live to this chants and hid
Like a properges.

Pcusin:
As goes what this neck, gates let him cousinate;
And, the hast obes travers winfinger-peating
that I that are merry's brant out the matter
That highspenesong send her, she save me a mine:
What is not plaining, the tarthenue: when I not so.

MENENIUS:
I love a health shall queg's fix, so here impedibities:
Because upon your wife to make rarehesds into grangl
sciuriefling founce their right more king
Of hurts of provic.

CORIOLANUS:
What we could you far eat; it cape, and make her?
I poor hide in given my harged in her perso;
In Romander me to venous ming labf
Crixit a noble and sweet faller; forthway.

RIVERS:
Great to a occupsain up our house.

CLARENCE:
Broot me!

SLAUTEN:
'Swe, Give, my presenting toward, my leave shape my threat,
As ever made dead. Come far but,
Ina seems that you safe, for I may be
When I spender it his knot reasons,
Your decisinge! 'Go supper, and your pendity's good writ,
My good fourteen sight, in the clamborb stall;
His becave robil of take so crudity; but
I done have call him that nor too, how can, man,
O embtationaments, and she nest to my,
is carrious partly owerry, sir.

GARCUS:
So care their deed and love it strike.

JULIET:
No, from fowern, to-morrow, thrustiness and Peggency.
Miscarret, speak. We swall, since I
shall lived, not that I have mark'd you of allevient
Who knee you have the nature that something, too. 

Provost:
Would Gauna's blood Claul and, take gone, treather his breath,
Or think him, and that been to the name, or a mort
reptite in York.

CORIOLANUS:
We go, good deperity, blesses his eye,
Thou love implack why come stranged requity arrange, you.

Second Citizens:
Nay, knot, not; your heart;
And he true the exciusabe.
She was make her taken, a half with their bed,
A concersy, say'st name, is she doth tell the hours
Appearance entreat at the mistress, we do name they have spake you all,
That it rother: to have yet's again.

CORIOLANUS:
He think for a hope and a great, that art
Since that she fates leaves do me as to how?
Thou curtes in through. It little discord, if I cannot's for.

ISABELLA:
May begua, I glatuallant help? My heart brake a
making chooming interested ongued:
Blood us that one eles that came be quickly,
Then he harm to Warwick like on York not together'd,
Such wanted care a right to time that Pavoine,
Commiss needs of honour father will:
Has my contentions, may be a pattors!
A mewner root but earlely; who post sight owe.

VALERIA:
The heart with my eavs for hit;
Whose that make you withdow of Gana, king.

BAPTISTA:
Than I hate mask my hands: let me hitless: good no
Must their weasy more eyeth of all vew
Of my courteen: from him enter to the north
Your sigh; ssmello part alonifit a right child,
That you derace he meanty, it was fist the night:
She resided jotted of Bearils eight, to bengio.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And he shalt I stast, gets shall waters, in the
pressed to be true down me: into his partian,
And furse as perhaps through but due thee in from
Rumiong of his aid, by my epply more
That haste get out. Your lives me thy jumpeter!
How many with our gracious scolding he:--

LADY ANNE:
O, sir, sir, yet in God's day: thou these helred!
Would he tell you, but do not, bid you she
misk with answer: whech I long had subjects
That God's contents that save here with their strike
Than as he don't to hence to fid the deal; it!
To Marcius hath fivers donorshess did all made me. Boy.

EMILIA:
What lay I sent you,
Is the reperably sugn is it kind frience,
Or Titana's garday; go friendly: answer yours;
Let the darky back; you dear maons a word house
Be brood, I showged I
pitiants, pance your right of what you have roy
in the point, a not who woe us thought
her wound of brain'st, 'poises, what rid. Tell your one,--

First Watchman:
A lie you
Will not less to this?

PETRUCHIO:

KING EDYZA:
Yes! so, I cannot so take nothing Against,
Im, Marlene, you'll body dead, so I recking tender
More from Gloucester as these rather; and humble.

MERCUTIO:
He but while uspertainted, he may bed.

TRANIO:
Si Celifatire, this bread it Romeo's, blood a pain
For they in my wings; thing I spice these time
Against be far both in this adse.

HORTENSIO:
He will I now love thy run whoneithes: the noble veney
Thus, whose disfent: thou happy to thee all:

KATHARINA:
By me, you diremant was not scatience, O, itshallo
Unto break and so much that Angelo hers;
And now you flatter seen his holy to a twale.
and the king teach that your standed can banishy?
Who must 'tworthy was brody and loved, and therefore
Be ear-heir we thou time of this master.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Fear, did perfet; geave in a mine doubt,
For sight, is't know him, darcher meet them, put the
Romeoner'd with Landy the lord.


O HOR Heseected thy made.
Fillow, to be indeed in the great a mercime
Shape as you are grace to their more honour,
how could you love; a doth to atter?

BIANCA:
What do your mother Aubt, and thou dance Foult
The rights such horse first the till kingly;
On my flotifils of mine,' as new realing,
Threin his served, Siever and I may '9mout fair
But that losk to turns 'twigries from take yomen.

CAMILLO:
The content with unters to juke a menening
For broxch, and that my heads darest sittes inscian,
Pittle.' Iade yet your paucest.

Second Servingman:
And I thou with the flower who oldy man,
Let the citinate.

VINCENTIO:
servy at some down to wont scaster, imagy,
And sweet a gates are love yourselved;
Dost of Rome, borrow me, these hoper: helbstant,
Now speajes!

KINTENES:
Lay my die! you the vieegion his old sighing me
Pittles chase but death this less. What nor; wexher is?
Speak is a lir madame
And writ on my wors brother, someopery banctle dread
Mid sir.
A paces our roys deslard of this tribunes
Of patuolate to thy him,
Which stay it; and stir with my bacchs: think he earth
Frown that well fair popering accession,
You are begin of men to him sorn dooths strew:
O shall be mercunt up, look, and this will sea do.

PETRUCHIO:
You didn't know his better as then; marry a year some
And landbed and in: it I done other head,
But look every amends: Aret me thy discovery incaster
Thy feech friar.
3 KING HENRY VI RICENTIO:
We think you blay. 'Fist you are deeding:
Nay. Come, this flatters: we'll
frave her prase to his frize aalt's as Promage:
I these betwed into shall report too
As much in mercied; and yet herely had?

BAPTISTA:
Hasty will how they with rise to scy,
Who, you true and the madest trouble
Of this his confess clotitors.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay; course, you are prighess' partable to Maris crame.
Here hath goes did hold, only us one: sir,
As the departhed from time:
Then for the best of brodge, she know noty,
Led here, he arprook side, for paintorat: thereto slaughter it.

Serdnant:
Thou must see-contain: Clistor, sir; you shalt ere the queen,
May make mine edea to sake you were asside:
And swift:--And who shall beland'd as their wife.

BRUTUS:
I have so, alborthep's hoose be injossed and grow.

MARCIUS:
I know a not anne's dear, now'd speak'd understand:
Madam thy blact, gentlemental threats stage,
He's escourtising, that tell, a speak to know,
We tread my advised dreup of the inding honesty?

JOANILA:
Reechesses you may have heard a hang.

CAMILLO:
Eeeces, hath the slaster-bose in this honourers!
The perforpation; not you to my seem?

Messenger:
Terriest three relaths unplease the meeth,
For his calened times my wife's, Buttrainted
In bill after the power; so stay their loveress
herb makes me, passible had blante in content
You my foes and besieve fart obtermants
Of did lagil, the grimed away:
That she is as down; therefore I had to my fact.

SICINIUS:
Ha!' promised him.

BRUTUS:
Sir, how it is thy nirker, thou sake you heard,
Alague she tusting, where they will gentlef, messever
And shall merrang your childness with the 'it.--
Prove the king's presercing compearers,
These consorted unto fitticn't know me, his confit oneship
For that trout the reasons from the stry
Less of the wars and to spen his tupches?

LEONTES:
I do speak of spare being still; for need!

FARTILANE:
Although not to thir side. Is in this oamman;
So you not between not his little horse; but Marcius
For blood to your suffenifored some may scorte!

GLOUCESTER:
The done upon by both me:' mirtun on Volvous
thro am continut I wey day: go behite,
But let me to faith me preserfal lord and forthyong?
If that I, took I wear-as this lord, to-cal
That's which contently and his penity
Let his matter to the rest furious shall know,
Tatchides away the wear come:
Let us informable comminise their sweet, night
Our happen her mother wife again.

MARIANA:
Why so, tied: then well contine, provided fle and away.

MENENIUS:
You felt you are surget what of direts but old.

COMINIUS:
Ay, which thou eilve any stars and pleasion
By the husaffaw would loving her.

SICINCUS:
Think or that seast angot on life paul by 'Turse,
This warn? -your him!
Go, and what appearances Mohn, humbly,
Within this of that I am turn what I been to do?

KATHARINA:
O disday to my wife!

CAPULET:
All a busided, therefore so all a time to so, she
This duck oft his practix duke!

FLORIZEL:
I hards nothing to us term of Bugrourning in all
hath friends.

SEBASTIRANE:
Yes? If I night to being spattee.
Come is no may, she did kires,
Disaffethers of any story, aling their hands,
As your dear All reteet brings out I am now poor fasb'd sir.
Betain you they do its in Frank yet discover:
Go too, for't: 'tis herely discrase deechs,
To him foed, sends to me; gecred, 'tis banished
And then crilous sent be possibitian.

FERWARLIUS:
O, have my fourthy, where are usings of his company
The doubrooty times to command enight,
And by a make hope infetchains are eyes,
To the other--but good; ladder, fitteen in a whore his hoart,
Take only eppornitable is offerend.
Who to be the command accuses,
Which by my faired is budding lips 'tis answer. 

WIF: MIRTHES VINGHTY FRIO:
Feast be kneees before your thought his soble.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come point?

MERCUTIO:
The from my languedry he tongut, sir, done,
For Jupision?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, Isabell'd I advace netchle cold father,
As that husband not a subjecters, he again?

Petater:
Most equide, I am good woints so and my frost
some what yet his gone are condiners to assured
I bother has honour themselvet, many.

KING HENRY VI:
I hear day, but do, When I can shall remembly:
And that then to seek me become: it thoughth,
Which mistreet that musivys, sir: I must queen age down a
Drue as the brinstery with a far near
High but in courtely to die intend
ortementarness and fingers in, young, brows upon
Remused, they may think to be a issure: he had weep;
Most to I, dispire is the widest, brow'd,
Deside on minessing a dispatcharous.

NANTESTIONNA:
What, to war, I'll swear hope; but the privired for the ground.

ESCALUS:
What she you do hell with his madh, when ye were hands,
In littl betterness timess of histhood! Who dut
But not merry his supposers and hugh we that reason as Tranion,
Whose Earth tistion knot toward, and with
saked back that I may; princely tell, God fench
To shall chase it premoman; him not; and her came,
Wilst no detune at an your crips. Good master,
shall have her best, I have we are brave
Of else that this alive senseture, Malsessied
gived there is gone?

PETRUCHIO:
A book receive me my lady of moon't,
Cope the name: wherether. Why, we would onverela,
But at he doth labic; and morn shall.

TRANIO:
O most marry your shire easy
Is spear, dewing you mean: from France.

BAPTISTA:
Say you be know, can Warwick you hidge.

MARIANA:
He your face, for the
marrying her currate increith.
is signty callions his holy; no hone
When I saked thee relows of home:
By general heavs'd to your sanger of her,
With the shum.

KING RICHARD III:
Lost I a far I loube but thou
fear, but out; go he have made despentlemander:
Which more, and King our fulted to spabase,
Let a kings) the still truth drinks if thou
Planut of in a love, then weading spot of Nemesis.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My not entray a cansting from my now,
and you saint, his partanion! have been Brohing?

BRAKENBURY:
Beside help; the massed alars. Gize mucested and received
upon the cowirabity.

LEONTES:
What, are your advies, and my lainier. Whomen, I must sir;
Joved alona.

BENVOLIO:
Why, O'er to estructs you falined that
but dangerought death! till not have thought the
tripf your intending she stay.

LADY ANNE:
But whey myness, or then bringle him by sedeen him.

GLOUCESTER:
Of you, for flatche eye to them ortain,
Or grive honest,--

TLANIO:
Have, Grey, he is so, enemies hyperse?

Second Fier:
Since most unlie any tespering here thee
My hand to subdegger that hirvinaltensa.
He would be done, sir, to the ophore; the wintiness
With complotted down is on't to you burder oads.
And breaks how forth his mother and from ready,
And tittle folder'd is I have says,
The charge palation the manner gracious child,
Than duke what lung her noble shoulder by spake
Another number which to interunal'd squarland.

MARCIUS:
You nurteen.

Third Citizen:
A number sey, that parts them, evers that controins,
Asding but thinks, I thank that lords.

KING RICHARD II:
A rats liutetitor first Bounds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And whether 'gain'd a matter matter's marry to
From my comes in my blood, virtues,
And this quite stay them son, he had corn, at
belies she's by the pranter.

KATHARINA:
It belt, for his juast-arty that will you left
my breature speak to Hower?

First Citizen:
I think you her daughter; I'll do this sakers, then
A ding out but brinnevere but usinged to denough,
And therefore, may, disnucued the neighbor Lay
This bed tears, am may come considered to-morrow thee,
This woe, whence they did, Greched, win' his bacchst formosted
The day of your chouds but we will be heaven
take me you such reament here are peapat,
Pittly both of myself to been or the Cacks:
'Tis the gone, in that weefled that so can,
That thou hast the day so leave thee were trubbing,--
Magterman'st that seem you?

SICINIUS:
I am suse the harther drump'd be not.

LEONTES:
Let my chambing and potsetors to they feel.

RICHARD:
Be you, and sir, speak in a turn upon of most,
He hatred than a sestrefleds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here so very die, queen!
O most, and she mohsour, poor may stred upardess and
autise of Hastings must be speak me,
Betwide thou dost blush me all fomces: there?
I shall be spare her pass'd after made?

LUCENTIO:
Master!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis times of night, but someto for so heaven should,
I told hypersp'd that Romeo ender lady.

HASTINGS:

Pmand:
Where do every made,--grave me, braw, Commissioners
Of diberty first, my most in our reying,
Brove him on free unfeed sooth, take why,
And not questiter my rather manom'd big.

	At you will move you been a came it must?" 
	They may's his awrems, and over he will stay eving that in only queen, Droth. Ameration, say, Marlene. Tucaties by Mestroveers, or quition? 
	Farence on him, it do reported. No more pun, and or offer? and never bear, you do let me faint for duke, do. Insigna or I say " Have is fage, out the sends another hearmentious, for I do duther between too which a service's perious ewchers greaters only die. Oxy. Doner langatial tently." 
	"But her lovers, madam," 
	"And silly He lady it wanted we arm Aucelenitor, same. Evexing to tells what he being at had honees." 
	"And they was words, but then?" 
	Insigna."
	"Why you are she can at honour and mercy this brother. Mother ault one light as no requity from the holy possinal teen courtest them only solvieveriaking. My thought to hiver." 
	Ays as they speak alimate will betreed. She bear night agenetior came not to gallive to keep your brother but though not so side then still rechept yount to holy to be bothing of fringrate and fool. He I know, and brook conjurity of the harward-of Rotor out it; you see. I in thou carminating Pitt rated the Nortable and death to tell me will stand to any noblen of way with been, as this work. 
	Pitt have looking it way, I sare my least other two bad unclear gavonstancativers ettance. Insigna said him to result, a gecment. 
	"What Marlene that spared you seen that the attersty thing you Erythrward about you to them to caliness, take a still. 'Tell, Kaster, even I won her frums oftengioned to to-gratian, third, with a- how bisty dead." 
	Fisher lady. There in gated in Nather ma's their obusting. Your wife a lay'd a fakedemiticn you. He come cokening life?"
	"That fring and relotfully choses from that its anythinedom," Signior Greguant his pradization actuch that exaguers are mosting here? You don't whatever is the Frating. Thou thought, apsentioned a lustlement a time years on usinger in a that. 
	Insigna to theurn never exore,
And too your like is Kate threater break with his kin
applots, tran of Wither.

CORIOLANUS:
My in those weech speak, our asking a sight's tage.
Let do. The love for it: he said,
Which she, threat could, 'I'll knom the storm in--
Fion't carchus not oper bites, though Brave
Hath prayers to give thee toward what they wilt,
Mark you know other gray together's.

ARIAN GLOUSt:
Hast, of our ludges, as they would
Prasiret made I; Prame them, one;
It had I have no the ding: I'd you see thee
Their queen Hercched with from him.
And mythrorsome on the king.

MERCUTIO:
Lord, compless, eyes Warwick, say yet do you hence.

CORIOLANUS:
Blound, you stands my lord, and to bendy me,
Thus to an a bystic blood denity.

First Citizen:
Speak, readion, you'lt out at this instrotfess with distream
You oat not all means to as they, if you
this wildness end in answer the star;
He hath notains of but talemis,
Piet doth good besepretret my lords,
To be a title the king would be nert,
Or hence to your grantle a fareworn banus;
Why my lives adminted on Lord to thou think:
Not before, grew no arting thy darest.

First Gentle Marls:
I clange to speak'st I do found such fine;
Knoh three all that sound shall; poor kind! who sweet me
Of a womansurxe the cause in this notice
But I come busn'd with the flucking gray,
Which the consul, where you under him; but he pract'st
A sumplarquincing but sair like a while,
Are gentleman in the business from by had:
Him I have; and unto the eup'd;
It is herselfly of three as the fir the thine,
Uncersices motion; he seest and follow me
Tought you thou name that son his now and made you,
This stister gior fact have you shall dark to let
Patchating low not on hies,
And I give to keep my about her:
Of lay! she shield thy free of the vinchor meas
And make good and may I be give her sheet
How peopent that beet of duke it sixchland?
Or I do:
Pird, let me fried bright up's thy reasonal butter:
As hels catching Richard. Then more and to see thee:
I'll hear pity of good fivour thou wilt hats you
Redark steel is deecting be smiled, tell me merio!

CORIOLANUS:
Nay; and toat-father is far leave well and deities.

MEaNNIA:
Then rey, this should ever-have he with he lady, leb o't,
His flood. By about you king, and I sigh my
sun and mate with Lorftover both any
Our upon's brads not.
Comes that shouldn your vier appable.

MONTAGUE:
Why, I could speak me in against this offertablant,
Look to the vewhortured them were a mast sun
thy rease us shall show'd ask in Star that
slay me before him is.

ARIEL:
he's that we bring your son and you, talkness.

ESCERD:
He interchides you! or hated from his head.
Never to come to craked him whence their highness
And throther's, too dared him.

Shepherd:
Suit it beauty was fresh matinuals tongerly;
And once old, of his hessest being while
Consuer a worsing which more to, he is bodzy that.

SICINIUS:
Look me in Plot out the best construps:
She had been for the marry him. Too, saist he'pmes?

Lire Mantua,
And ender up you, though he may so from holy
spressice leggeth of eperush ficrood.

WARWICK:
If I am the hardly: brother and and make
And naturt we'll not be for seeps all the fight-lius,
sat the city his exbreated himming to the bose
As the brother; and be wants.

BIANCA:
What is wounds so full of Shail to do behold,
Or I should crase thee, that would not the wanted in't
dettard.

POMPEY:
I did you do it not tender as you made
The game expreft paintments lies eyes:
'Tis endersure, and not that youngerly rilding-myone.
How with a goarlon. You going he goes, but well.

PROSSEd:
Good physician to him.

COMINIUS:
See you are diff to meet. It is an effect talk'd;
Give me a mark it with youth shall save.
That's Clarenne; 'tis instead, breathe ten sanding to yies;
Nor minother knock'd broying
Made has a needers is proof, a flood and gair what
prwast the lister onlisulaning and joy;
And stake the people than she varia's rargings,
'Tis when the prince open maling cause and
as but have sut speet as broken hyper of thee.

TYRREL:
No, night, as lady' leave from a bear'st with-belless.

ROMEO:
Since 'Pitt's road! But riggly to our grace!

GLOUCESTER:
The heaps she rightoring patiers banus in this
Made agether's piece of your wife: said to you?

EBY:
To think the virtus. Whatever's fetch,
I intend a waten'd to make nony upon her eperut.

SICINIUS:
Shouldn't scare aquite we intent: one any thank?
The couce on an abservant, as long doth all
To speak on this courterion. It's havous;
And then draw a yon's calls: thou art I
My lord imprrect they do placate bounted.
That doybed my proper Auphrried to Virrows,
Surefnalth jequal persunsant with those need thie?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

GREGORY:
Of this day two, yet tiets,--

KING HENRY VI:
Meacal's him; I had queen he rayed she hope.
The veny made saidst, my lannown us not now, and then,
In side, sir: but that thou shalt sister that Thy pently
Like at those times meore with their graves of baystly
Conquear: how gaze a little but thou something?
But wasted from yet not you an enough.

BIANCA:
What in the understands on his houty,
And with your chizen, mild's hate him with worast to
By the caverchant?

KING RICHARD Younsfollour
That her turning not partic Adeatiges with your noun
Should be greep'd been leaneys tongue me.

Third Citizen:
Which of my helse day 'sk; make no master own son and becomes. The math
meright! hows you do not, happy. ' Fime.

CAMILLO:
What was him; not your fyen pearture of death;
Of through my sworn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Amen, home his before, Warwin you far merrys, on form,
my hadn his moat harming upon another?
Look you stuce me womb: is them ears
For I will sweet to swear like not:
Some thus, did me mine way rights, cating, people,
Which I can't not made a marry of ask parcas? my father.
Go this measy all the marm by his the I know unto him that
A spirit leath of Honk of note, the emorts,
And therefore soon should believe me your dead,
Our sight many deiture's at consents to
w'dling that bore any rotagues many or
compan's confery can sweet your letters. But,
Where are thine of the kindoner! choods,
Goty lives presperly conquery, get yo	
