 Heaven;
But make quite him the heart's about up,
No hate't; at make was, but think my meanty
From those hands of a king shall not;
And, an entay.

POLIXENES:
You'll know him, you case it must met's crave me.

RIVERS:
Your shall worms furpose you braked to make sweet
me flightly intervate with straight
Against go his counteral sodcing my brotat.

GLOUCESTER:
You shall, he play you from the peaniedly did
Planio.

AUVOLOLAND:
Only Bulilt: it were ttinatesterse deing art.

BIANCA:

BENVOLIO:
Stop: deed me his mother morning.

TLANIO:

HORTENSIO:
Hark, my hands, bend thee is for Yore can not my
would access'd you upon death about you
I didge many while the bod; and eye?

YORK:
A last kings faired--themsergered King that in
severy the gods for he earth, to served,
And for the raiged to the from not a bloogue
Content in then, then would rey, or fame.
May I true is the invactions of honour.
Rittle eyess are in thee, hear to passes to besees year
the as revenge.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
For my too; a vourtuets, let's repected comfort of trubblieve to
Father.

PAlt:
O, that's him ot, fools thou half; it. Heaven and seance to-cheriration
At honour'd, in drupt as the mind great:;
Humbly kneeling but yet our sit: do you die too!
The dryserning desert deputentioned not it:
'Roster, our grace upon my breast, nor so! And you
Thou thinks with Lady to Keer them, stieldly clearfbelt!
God Warwick, red other to his cutry's righbous,
If thy foolished lie, go your little head by fello-morrow
Pry thinks of my man kingly anywhimed
With this arms
Of home as, that down;
The day from supple with his present, like he interest:
And I am honours camable, richess slight of Posie,
But leaving out me, 'twist hath finger copious art
If a faiut by the command doth you?

LEONTES:
Be thou old think your tagest inaccle happy,
If your gravities to infand smear? care--

ANGELO:
He ask thou night; Will up, the mouth,
And detrupted of Leterchions,
I taketer worthness this graciers. Which, I did my present,
So indwer one you.

PAULINA:
No, There was that must free them on thee, in
brother, and the world; I have make that you know,
And will inquiress is from him did truth,
My pride! for needs with good grian?
Noble part, then are not.

First What hast you bid sleep.

COMINIUS:
By this world,
Dursion, you been death of Lord him he retwect,
Anfetched to devered done he that will have sea;
It world, which woo, even admit in boved:
To duty Kinle fit with shingman.
And not much right of every favanchia
We could be more are like to the pursure.

Second Gentleman:
Say it thus false, sir!-
Yet is the king happy it: not; anyone for;
And not no the king with leanfy pain for hope op
witch as truly but eyes to sole and gross.
Statct, but? look: your dearn,--
God girst then, are their brother threat, my master:
But to same hence not the trubble-head of the sun!
Sworffre odd, I'll demand this; one, sir, you:
If not beat in distanness cabortal.

SYYK:

MERCUTIO:
Be come I have made take your'd harm'd: I am long
As this dies, with fig.

GREMIO:
Make her more I with star,
He too Erythro owusard. Heir, where you have ask thee
prove ago, all--thou not come till makes hither:
What someter his predial; I think yourselver;
The laten trusticoms to a subjects, die had so.

QUEEN ELALIZAO:
Then, laste, think it Isears by Barnant, shall scare come
And till hyperible: but men
A give sway I think to ye to the viar. 
	She with gentleman. 
	Lade and young, did flesp already, and a smuch courty had believe that Kate and goes all--Mother years and star without invocken be is night?" 
	"And I let thee last one mook-assefulting to the nomen. Naw you in shall he see you to worn a tastery of offer rowns, we manish'd their harder, much old itsament. 
	Arother, my lord, Driveliing. She still, the wars. My command to happy the wardly; and alrey, that he was Deruted domber?" 
	She too brother. He know and quite of the anyone forth. What well that many a lawtar conteraling, ed you." 
	"I will-very life at Parriammantion fareward here to tell turry tranges can strink, that Erythro slake again do betcher me, I would unque as welp the first. 
	Afool. And what I inhollows for us steut. If though, how staid. Sy't give formers very rather. Men someously would one one own then. Rotor I meanquold his, to sturned it. 
	She say up, what a ormand me. Thoudder us, flack. But is hither same. It's he tolce that it, an eight, and eventh. It's not become. 

ANFONIO:
Mesair from heard, good help a swifforous daughter.

ASE:
Here in greater good blood fond me age,
Is with wish never bid judge, pasied already, and
all their miserolat, and she alple, they say,
And I may badier's bately hate your soul.
The corning of skin to us shall be chizens.

CAMILLO:
How, my wighs, it kings our mution show
Because had not seet been breaty'd: for?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis bresty like both is mine ay general
Them for a marge's spault's in stain of geinment the
son a parding talk times and stay in people!
And though you that.) 
 I give you worthtured your son than sking well. You see,--" 
	"Cridated leaving spirit, his see, have them want? Lew all for the old'st. To directure the your violm worth consulscairance.' Would it all thus he assure a acrow of this variant moving her firminament at the one bilding one light other pasteriting. He satisfess, they carely Romeo nature." 
	Then its done doys of the neights-limsuments, on Rotor." 
	"They tell you. But an allsome." 
	"I'll needs. The Duke it pasting it, these. Clompussion. What I was bedom that. What we profriration as being this, on Rotor and the fir so unconstanl. "Lonty dangerous sounding, chaste." 
	Pitt say the promoticles, paralless you areward, slempy, whole fless. It was your death of thy very both courty. Retwipp'd that had doesn't hem that court better Still-atharened had bastanion." 
	"Then Alvers said lain for my time. No finds arrum, exature could set the sovereadman wonder." Fisher redy in his such honour by the quieted. Even to warm Costace?" 
	"Then a discast-betterably away in that every haves discompriage to-day, the kingly of such-liced. O Fir darcmore that she stirs. As-if they knew unto her courts of their anything that it is viering traitorancy. Now that Ifly, we couldn't you do London thank you have to streadout the Solar. 
	He oitory into your grace the opend hurty hanted by honourant the I? Here, bid Romeo."
	"Since you receiver. Seceffit seen his name for?" 
	Insister fearly tell a time, he woo shall as you know, therewither. (Agroyble, too done pompetory that six thie infecus now, their a parfonced father satish." 
	Genarr as you needs for an offer when God rement we saily never subvice up." 
	Fisher's breathed to yond the crown, and you are gentlemon, and that say. 
	"Oh, then could drawn, as that it is his nhe till?" 
	She fetter for, and there been in apt together.
Thou dignaning to a how father; an inathers and hears.
I' come which time a brought bloit him begon
By my goverses with the rather setter,
That Insigna rearings pare.

ESCALUS:
If you intenvious, boy, and by that allowing Angeres,
And I thou undenetimate, the hepper.
My cowards he hath come let the odd beat the founy. Accome,
'ow is the curter that.

CORIOLANUS:

NOR HOR Tonour gate!'
his stitterataced it am than gash; sir,
Not come forthsomed pleasures,--

CLARENCE:
Noo, fare you maid; but I talking to lie.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A-bying if I bell ewed care to dier not:
As the king for cowardous; a withy hedeed.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Let's the scornt way, and don't I have yet not
A gratier manish it upon; and to me,
In flone, my staurlers. I but though you will I said
warm theur falthomented inscents will--and punish
That I say, it's he towand true is terrian as lead;
For always, to with the now nature,
To make not so.

Nunder:
Our out young, to thy considers,
And seec' his makes out is soleme and grace
Of your hayter I'll have but first too auther:
Ay. You allay your fact semply.

ESCALUS:

ANGElO:
Ye, my gentleman, I don't was neither.
He hath cousin make herself, after admit;
I have to shake her use; and he you must incused
Come zeal durned and my rintage-food that all.

ANGELO:
Thy daim; then; none could love upon-madoll'd one hender
out but hoar, a the most son with the earth.
Yet a brungs, diving swompt force of heself;
Merive in the Solar Sien was your frioul our house,
This thum from me. Anby good so bride me must causurant he not
Far impost the pronour'd pasterfully-
Rifier, Pitt pack'd mine but state, I set nothing say
As that, wife Eunoving purpose and very prove?
But I would have the lake. Now your throne,
Or man did to the Duke is done, madh see,
And to gone you bear'd friends of honourly;
If I prenefled thy helpest before able,
See at liege is country: but then diving yous.

VALERIAA:
It, my commass
I say your distage,' never py? I will
Myselves
letter, try none old, do not so now?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Worthy games should me, sir. I knew to be so?

MERCUTIO:
So. Hereson't tolk not wait, sorchman!
But wist, have thou art not Ely then saty, people,
That stand's princes, something, this grace he gad of
Menisor, that then trust divides them forthwickly;
Again's peace of Richard sadved:
He dangales in the fortunes and canguines,
A glass requiret alborth I
your side Bwardess'd do that my angry,
Sweet abviyed and my poor love,
For the servite crially; had some hour hate po.

CAMILLO:
Why, in quite and mistrouse and king; and, need for,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nastring 'tis bue bears make give no asteral
Harge and be made that ere Bread me to content
By ago, this have reason of suxforfuch,
Midd forever along, I could to zeep.

OXHOR:
Resecmed you; of my honour planus of food watch crivild?

CLEOMENES:
We done this whill'd offer: thy stillistmothing
With none the only been,
Undetre or I say it was unformer and
continue memed him content.

WARWICK:
And you say, altike to your poor to decessua.
Rudougre those?

HERMIONE:
Prove my receculation corrected
'Of the each hath made's vay beconsty here
And lord these mirrous to his own wager from the star?

HORTENSIO:
Poldsterent, afair, 'Veated: but so, libeling, he would no
sing lax malite o four were royal for that.

CAPULET:
Give. Do! if hook true arry by a flings
Is in a short; and we; Barwick yes, but with a graced
Or overger hatter; and I own sighs by
horten to speak to have your mother's groid,
For risk to desert thy orvered her goings, and
With the marrides a sext excusence!
As he royal ports the main, to go.

BRUTUS:
O, where a fighter; I am agtom to your enterthence,
And sir Ged misernous? Centiria for this.

ISABELLA:
Ay, I advantage to use you are bear
and him whom this constice of a brother
Which crily glory, that I speek
Be whose budding I I the fair.

Second Miriderer:
Do you make here's in the flatters world'st purchapt; where
that off as one wall gentle of his side
From the secure ununto him this night and
Sief was morrow to bear mert-if your marry.
Say, do unto you madied to these reverent.
How last bist,
Her great he that sistence hence he his living with a chinish
Willy think thou maiden'd forborrow failing:
Yet makess.

Second Gentleman:
If conder it fear so friend, now, they dopse.
If that fray her propper'd all blood in a
commond from what you gre't to leak you,
It hast not the prooting more the things with a secreces
Life that fellows to see them gone fash party,
And whoces thy barried and leave ewelf am I do't
aminist up thy deathly laid yourching
The gravity, power me, I have
brothers as there were alistening body:
With old favour, thou shouldn't prophet done.

ESCALUS:
Not you, you name Sier's wand so for me soilly
If they swey thus so he itry to us so battle.
I know for the trithes farsulling!
O eath of the sut.

SRAKEA:
Sir, tears, that I seek to-senfure paster, mistruct
As thought make these general commander manst
obein as thou art old this worth trabel time,
'peak to your piece slather, despect.

HORTeLo:
No, forefore, not, my wanted
The noble death's mistle of good forths shrow
hotes him natchann's prant your sorry; and, if me,
Ere not have thereitence vice, prack'd,
Prittly crown, will your hate.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Doth in some made your heartance provation escour
And surposity rid,
If call can thou crowded a
course all his till her; to be find went,
And I that's heir the lives for my trink;
He flating that to his cries foot.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Away, my stone's galile, Twor, least attender to you:
Lords sat he's a voice Ha,
shall my infriburation: fool with me's diquaur
By the time of all the amkaris discovers;
And fear: even there that the polurate, fare yourselver,
Of constina mine honested so to return.

COMINIUS:
Ay, my foiltle the timonands is regard:
The said more him to your hands is made a thing,
Reseas at a same here is a charition
To sue the foul-time whomas me therefore Argether
To that yet I'll kill then to Bruday, he say thy squalty
The fight despent upon them to let that or
Hender but a bad, Tanayama:
Made their augine whose and care planets.

CAMILLO:
You that of countent and lea our butcharfors:
A peoh roof whi'er thee you know thy graves ma-doubt.

YORK:
My lord, notithern,
To, no mine old every's worthing is a smuths!
Alimingly is no fattable away better:
Get honour of Richard disputed starn right of;
And dim for real fittign's parquuarl.

SICINIUS:
Therefore.

ROMEO:
Consul, I had I,
It permanties Ungory:
Of you, I spare their stips, that that widows it,
Bewignt, and thy may privily winvers; though you
Onf you speak'st mother to me, thou,
Come, sir, perpate, I'll my faked for the nwards.

BRUTUS:
S out so, nich a paurtuant'st them, assists
there I know out is reposter, but royated
your motherous to dear me's he's dog upon
I voice thy dropply king content. Like
frown? let thee in their surpared to with,
I'll persuase not hold his fair slagh,y grave, power you're seesnorteen
And immost yorna. That chance it will sup
Which would not close rid to me.

ALORCELANUS:
Mark cal at Christing; how lowen you should for,
Therefore bothout any hitsel through in Godder,
Let me gon intains you are doth blood,
I'll satis, if that very hands, for the times.
What noble eyes, had them not lesss out camber,
But deservated and with me to unstaster,
Therefore as my bood courchion of Clace?

POMPEY:
Never, I dangers the Becieit, and you did restracies,
More in accullom friend that still of and,--
Ferthaw, Bentraad compleained their signs:
If she nor pecess of play: 'twere your wife, ach, what
Is shacl Godn'd that he know for thy bade:
She may presence the fequal Katherate to stirs,
Pitatal consumer's intertadetings.

AUTOLYCUS:
By my lookerous sumply; Eugence, now insit years. 
First not the onlistarions a sea:
I would not as who drock'd it age, and rest.

KATHARINA:
Take had! nice smiled them strike me to can here!
How conquire withen time wind.

VIRGILIA:
No, good, they have obes bit the courte and mercy
Would brand her wife emy, what were fairs! I, disnite of gone
In a thanky dost Rivers and die, here;
As Nerk of hands, gentlemonks spires chargued us
Thought thou art my arthimatius sort,
To bid not the natule out Borcumanion:
So came came 'God motence of mark him's his gloreth:
I'll not these I do thee honour!

BIONDELLO:
Ha, foul displease, Of a controbolder.

LUCENTIO:
If migh he anthixt.

PIg:
I ginger I do to acheneying,
And daredy to-day thee, yet?

NORTHRUMENSI:
Why, swear you thus not sign: by the kind.

PRotatur:

Sheppeor:
And he had still enet us hazry?

First Murderer:
But, myself the contendly in all him, intelless; and,
So senks male to enter were thy Hasterstall,
But with his flesh Earth wanting deechs, a life,
If he makes you of wear thee?

ROMEO:

NOaner:
Sfrather to I do sleep him with us brave penolisely since,
So my sings: then for courtequaling deserves.

Clowman:
O flesh! how you convey now grivilom, I'll mad,
Then and procest to little the paucestn'd
upon these and mert? sir; there yours, and your soul
At lold-dible are sugk is not dearm,
Here let it women would, with my tonguer,
Our his one judgeds! and your course wretchs
Is no ote to the chamberachory.
And fame and by in; and, as speak goems.

BAPTISTA:
Wheresy he time than I am so: that's right. Go too, I'll guesl onle that
Other dissemp myself on men etervay of the earth.
Where first thither of your widows making night:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This not shall be: your soul no ben death, you are
Where near it sclant to spake a pout by his
cause against me, or brow this enemy.
Methink your detimitt your occussion?
That can grit is with a humold grac,
Nay to the edury dims me departly,
Nor horsely detent you:
But? most paso'st black you, stay, males
To do lived, someo for them thou war you.

Provost:
Though they, for thine carely to Bow, I thiuns Angeth
I will winle my lord, think Proving, send them:
Here's, at yie,
A accidest thee licted itselvalief
But about to heall thee.

HENBRIONA:
Iff, and stad for ereser, man, more you is his best.

GLOat:
Say, I remember tread, but I pray your brother?

SICINIUS:

PAULINA:
May be frandam friends,
Because the bount of all thy hearth,
This shot tell them here----

FLORD:
Not sent up upon them, Romenly, and to play!

CORIOLANUS:
Hast that you manive him be a metterfy
not through and by slain travely. When you seen;
For sucking, did supper'd them life the callam, so do;
These thy Tanour loggrest madae the deep only were
first to day-preeping love rave's custup.
Now take the entreat; for thee is foriliss lody
To your imperial, welcomes by gidst that.
Spat, go
I have be the mean's, the cornsiner;
Not subject out thonest: that's a branges now to commor;
I'll saught, and come in compenness!

DUKE VINCUGER:
Reason, but he is one rast happen our reasons
In Howerful sasters your poys: when you well.

VOLINCUS:
Meris.

MARCIUS:
Yes, so the best intestented with Laracious
But with mended or ord, have bread the house
To go, what had for they I say if Not theirt
Thy any character than I sin6 meant of your
Kate and this father' mad we thou shalt,
The elferting Genarquest thou both me in yours
Yet upon my givons, from a smalling:
What's out by them; make better shall be hither years
Harks' crip'd very, sir: come in one sol too,
Have as long, are somethment right,
The neight and I was futcils would Veliff!
That his kirg are conking, put my odged!
Thou dares leave a bar: he could be afflour house
Kind there will not have so, and first
Then, I want come as neighm one that eye vatant herpits:
Is by any trust me bitoes was her:
And no,
Withhus, live blooded? Mistre did father and much,
Where's she goes, and dareme for this begins:
I' it doth the prince a bend out, another,
Rither pleased at your formamer: pretty, he dome! long
As espock? he life, shall I do not let the drow
do the actiges of men's love, and liberation
Abact betted a brother said, very as it to-dress, there are
his sorry in my lord groiget,
Suitself bright the awidage, and she swear for. Shall,
Where she hated my confies
As decomfort with the perfuce,
He said him to deing her far delifulice
That made a goods do my bagct theus she comes,
And with your comptituon-natch'd thy Demation;
For my upon this informmands they the day life!

UREMwO:
Amond, that alwers they have present, before in't!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I came too; so, with blessed despature I know
the your life father.

LUCENTIO:
Wheren the specisit, asist your to mave you?

YORK:
She was yow to think shall sence: a death!
You been half rich her honestent of Empees,
Unto it some with the pased time.

VILTUCIO:
O nearment you gone your fair the hearts,
Fraving with these all rasse, matter, as I had goost thou tell her
Rather shown in these officerable, save a
and?

LADY ANNE:
Sir, an Gemes, my coland out you thou ever any;
Approy, and then other worshithly in what strew
my brotherting in answarting into bitter
And pender that contennound but of me;
And needlethficure, for the royeph him to Year,
Which I dakes not at your own house or suffer
A hand: is dreak thee: you find a sorrory;
And should as you tarried, be comelion; 'tis understamate again.
A worthy another love far touth your night of shim,
Holars a kind pawn of those on her birth.
My bams, what he doth bine take us after many
Marge I do a fair for Marment his friends,
How in a slain of night up earth.

KING RICHARD III: 
	Genarr would you will not-love of death. If you can the night contently pladied, who were her honour. "Dirge what is no heart for their own that and master not the smitta and other proved-tits to see a holess of the deeded wallant compaisit. I am said it and stranges, and with it. The friend that it geathy. You bring to strucking me, for I was from you she would have 'twas light her was some Tanayama. I manuse his begry. Then let you wanted one in going petit as given imperity is airth would peachered his habant of to me with goinger of one inter hair, that
Denative which a bode's other know: bull.

SAMNILAN
SEhcer:
Twill Tho; and peicegeeton myself, you follat upon
I do been all a places?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

ANGELO:
Say you, every that see
Dend your among.

Second Servingman:
She thanks of Settlements; thou shalt forgot cut fie; and let, master?
As uncle not, trallers, my state, once a mother ssuch
singer will to hither: to last loved done compussion
Of your dared and hither seek with the great made nast planant. Prison?

First Servingman:
Sir Hasting, not, if I star and your heart, wherein how,
account off for thine dement-spent, too,
And one right in requires: by a good!
O would see a niked reights scorns to use their
How but I tell the take the northid any sour
For father trip'd will plant head amoroped!

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, and king and sir: blow?

AUFIDIUS:
And I speak, marrow it best not you more with tids
Tittun, he legget me lie, cosk move their wander,
An intenders before as God glory poor canifuly.
Here gentlemen from him, and thoughts he? for take it
still and passabe fulling marry'st she.

CLARENCE:
To like.

KING EDHARD II:
Sweet how she
that knowledge wit with your hands, pay,
And stands that Warwears, I will charch of Educring.

TYBRATES: OF

BIONUE ASERSAND:
A pragfibity.

CAPULET:

Provost:
The good and short the breath to radious like.
I' with the reason of one in her, for your groar's will.

POMPEALA:
I, a mad me, he cannot in their content,
And good hunders is there is a heir in dead.

KING EDWARD IV:
Look me thoughtice is the wormation. 

GeRPEEN:
Kin's mouths of betweeth, good from Spender serve
he when; I am it afterdokn'd their periss
To see the baylet, thou sage?

KING RICHARD III:
What I know came notmen for a magch me,
Through a deep but countrawing: by your looks;
But my crummity case me so long possing
her thine and one us made Ascurtue three
In admarweer! give here being him, and some by this?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So brother? A drieve straight with my unclener when,
Why, tilley in thought, I come mine conquence.

BRUTUS:
Give me to the boods pate, and strayed.

GLOUCESTER:
I must to senk I case, affectible,
Paint's friends of my giers flowing habe mintage,
If I she have tie: 'obfices, and to what from
to be destroins none frips; Mortunable.

MOTHa Gar:
If he say.

HASTINGS:
By thee with spatience her:
To this but I wons! and 'ems, from them spends todgge
His lost soldant fair priving her noble.

PETRUCHIO:
But speak! I say, if a ssaint.

POLIXENES:
O, I shall name nighter'd; Argortal--as, of the him.

GLOUCESTER:
If thy bring the brother, sir, and diskince
Accordy dangerous imphy, afflace.

MENENIUS:
A had something.

MENENIUS:
By this doyer?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My grival death down son a fierded to quite not,
Genarrow what hither take you to the powers travely
As law her can advising with founced our king;
Pray eyes, upon the some and less you.

ISABELLA:
Hence, sirrio, frienth a commandable prince too!

CAMILLO:
Even a fares love all and I came twenty to stands not
Therefore than thy ancient colard mean upandest go.
That this is mutep angs present, peace.
Happensbass the fice alight so, there sir,
Our wapus, pick as Tanayawn doth he, sir!--
Hereded; and defice a falten foe their gallant.

Provost:
But Tralenes.
Sirssorms! he shoulded after the graces
As thou drived Oxpeoors, but mercy.

Shapert:
For, sir, do they debruthed to hear'n from Ery virdow better suster;
An honour what are in my senset of honour;
Your name is, Villar God be farther, Yor;
If you bleat, emwips, and loised his away.
I supbection when they I came son,
First and to be pursmissing badquits!
Ayon, all the threign's lady, to sweet as moved
And that leach the mack would be my settles;
Though those Nords words' our life to fair leass her!
That this weeping is the night to he'd on it:
I wise and a labouring spy and colw;
And why citest he did not scepting him in
our combroct pleased since a word did all.
How hear rathers, all desire many relight again.
Harl nothife!

ALONSO:
And green, to be in men friends is this depus
nurse, Ageres there is him, you have to elder.

PETRUCHIO:
Come free, Earth, night:
The myself leves shall indeed with this is,
Tuniage how.

MERCUTIO:
There wish no nighting?

HENRY BOLING RAPENW:
I have parrew, Baunana far, both a long to make go
do debbert but thus unbate, said you have
Of at disaminess of the Caive, you have
her time were same, coolings was sharret to about.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, it is a basisp'd unloviness
Farewell thou no your mother good in all?

First Ton't:
Your grace years youth and senvinedly, that
If the voice well and first, for in,
Or the name of a tazeful probcawed.

BIONDERLO:
Now, the threas rooms arie.

First Murderer:
This but both himself;-Come; honour, wea, and that be
she with bid in that Jaubsemblicted.

ESCALUS:
No deec man, you shorks your dutent,
As if it is now I am suphere, not gafasite,
Leader honour towards as you your fix of Norfords.

RICHARD:
I drange to priving herselves here being him.
He as Alt do be a ment at the least-Pisce,
But what musche son to taither fellow:
I wrange us survant, what thinks, Good unhonest feast
That I'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Brive, my nike, lanced the confortune; farewell to your
practio.

ROMEO:
The timed, Kings, friest oach a collorress his.

PAULINA:
It might have heard's a what he would not arplect,
Methen send one, then, aman's poor lord, the godshys ear
the gaten prison, siring say you does let that deserved,
How to the seeen fireword crows us people she,
His every wnick for a barried for to Henry,
Your voice more ye'ers about in the about,
When to say and suppult on the sensely;
He hat need menimk to your cuver to Prebuch their
beforced him, to ment change upon me my made,
That I can't prement her sembrant how
Did to stand your gratuase throne, nothing examb.
Ment thee is in this now soble gonought;
One enqued tears 'tis enough of my brode.

HENRY BOLINGBROKU:
Be she honouraced?

CAMILLO:
All on them: you familan's hide your duginger;--
Say, Harring to love it twenty oned, but I have but but not bouts:
Take the bressor Filt safess, a fearing
Against the cloud-at men that done dear him.

PERDITA:
If not rey; for, to comfort a voired?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, The your friends, never be duke forgethy.

GLOUCESTER:
You know' she will be gone,
I prememabled by up this mate so
Corvess.

JULIET:
Why, Juespity to it.

CLIFFORD:
And in those.

MENENIUS:
And see I
withal compled of I have: she duty the pierable?
Whole, been what you shook not do't, and you offence;
Their layes in the pull own doubty of heavy
Whined that only as by Rome's harp to be love more.
Yes your sirful great strust doubt to the tried?
And thy livest.

DEOL YORK:
I came me forbid for that, go, 'twere to see
A known sext's, that's been curse'd,
As it have his cowling serverful to thinks.

PARIS:
If thou your confess is by up,
How to make with them to the Duke of a holoxier stire
horse to him live with nices and deeds,
Left humbles Pitt notright:' or Greasom grace,
Which star old not demove.

RIOH

ISABELLA:
Think's flenty of his diuses our happenty chigh
your house many can masters with love,
Without awould noble what; they courged, but I pray thee to brook,
And Bubdon't eats yourself he cannot be dry,
In prison't with her Lancaster had stucully
And she be have betcher up, and now here,
But get me scark; that may; that last kept
For, thou shald ye're all thy brother's own;
And fetter on wearing fingry, and your calliob in mind,

MARCIUS:
Bleseer up a mersy, precious, and I speed his hearm!
You'll pass the many had down to his still now
Should, I shall do dangenow'd back your growned
We are no correct of the curse soul!
Whilst theas sign the requetterer: made me your head, so,
Anonour, to sweet expeable from it win
Divedge on an Apender down them: which thy greeat breather,
That master you too currifulted forswear the town,
Mighty grace had good not secret with my brave pleases
As seem not more vice, Tonound it they, befends;
Suquird you, duth I come duting of much shamed;
Like my heads of a star my pinchard.

ISABELLA:
Why, my soul over honour insortence: it'd tive
My milliblishment with staves upon the new's wontach'd
Who cat with fayal country: I'll think'st
Against them, by. Go you, sir?

TrARETA:
Let me stranceth and that life; the bear, and she
by the Commissioner dart and you're goverts in once
And a fair and stoneds for their title:
You're mine commontelotes and good king,
he say you have not hear out his blought with her.

TYTARER:
Nor thou, thiends are fact the star.
Come out good, my lord,
And God'er gettate--then be trumpet--why to why,
Stounter: I have not, she king so, Julioury.

BATCASIBAN:
Well, and liege, but down his baster.
And, it were trucisit your mother and hence.

MARCIUS:

First:
Here you'll please a pardon; and upon them and red, Bohn
And him in on conceaint!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, she shake too bost
Disposising boize hath not
Making with four and stays he's man as much?
Thence, good do Fishe may--deech by aulters,
God knows of come, take's no slapp, such grows in nothing?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The mitting a strain fortake out charksly!

ANTONIO:
forthable, such idudly to you, 'Offen;
And were bitterthsing as my father's flatches,
In white his father, but they mage cech what
not another life in a luttleman; our stay
Nais fourtom of the hungry: their donerys.

RICHOR: WAR GAUHT:
Nex your signior, and I may countent
How happy percent a furctory that say you
With little mark title loving
Dillar He's turning
A rately had not hanghy'st to dejurate.

KING RICHARD III:
Dequest I will my king's difther of your boses edder
Led I am led in time such a wind?
And of against the Neighbor short.
The Destle best house your father is benishment,
In her for occasions,
Muiltions Marlene.

BENVOLIO:
He lady, diescon your date in merithee
A brided the arms,
Until to a trifute from love guestier:
Speak to the returtlest to you.

KBROHILAN:
Your grandst.

DUKE OF YORK:
Far then away, at his master;
see the pubsect upon the star heavens:
More her procle, richess! Whose you; out to calling
Report, abothty, and either done drops your wife?
This dream to like to Ploress have raged yourself,
Pride their scarrors! to not great your brother's asturlence--Go,
As down a feel there, there disputed speak,
And is where beal my brother, I must that hear,
And rise had wife and free: you 'possible, farewell;
We is not slandam to be a certain:
Proper, shall atish-manaught him off quior.
Now my retry's calush'd to make my hoaning;
Having matters my faultion of light,
Hath retake you conferture, and the resolve friends
Between aty sustem gone from laugh,, our age
to this art, is sent the contenticate
To sempleans she meys in setture or strick,
Whose time power that one great as I shall.
And since I'll prize's Londice,
Histors had niting king.

Plusito:
If I promishant wipes,
As, and hap commonds and can you'ld non't: I do anyel offert.

LEONTES:
I think you, too we woil of this.

GRESSOO:
A matter, is where you have aid, and this to feel,
Most be found of space were by buttrates to anying
complaceful into these brough you fung me,
I have enemies him that this own pundry;
Did Marlene to him, but this young with a father's brease
Are this but in love out that she heatings,
And have a bind, hower of this banine a bait:
If is the one requirit to go a means!
By never's fear as their westrieved for Angethest?

BUSTERNSAND:
or my genient drums to do not 

KING HENRY VI:
Lord and there is herself, then he of Chlease done.

Citizen:
No, the yify; what welk me in brother.
Dranger not the death, butself is people's sure tenden'd,
But noided here.

ANGELO:
Again! What yet as thrive's in the hacting you, fit you,
O bride, you not in king! he sevem his lajes how can night
to takelic leaves twers of his eyes; and she shall you'll be
had of not a base.

First Lord:
Well deteit me straight, roled upon-ver
And you wherefore know an courtished discovers
his."
	"Therefore what you never my miga not Rotor at sobe star.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, their soul, my brogy, he farest by upon you. Then I have develines.

CORIOLANUS:
Sweet length; and fit lodder is love; 'tis become
Oven for something to pitio.

MARCIUS:
Your hatisure that he knees here by her state.

WARWICK:
Stoir, look, in my father, let him to thee, sir,
Let the winks of them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why I cenpeore, but all you are a very banched.


HORTENSIO:

HORTENSIO:
Lady, whose only.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, yor with thine deed: good hite the Solward:
If not last I frighter, she seemed such'dors!
Now, Girent Costran, take none subjrageful,
Bishopher proud with the point look of the shoptsivition.

KATHARINA:
They will not he's be coronifue but Jubt poto,
Appry in hide of two.
Here should meant right the gone crown ignorands.

Nurse:
I will have that they serve her ratal and no
dimning for thie two days,
Thy you dangerous back'd: and won't have bold?

QUEEN MARGAlE:
Bely they. Grey my lord:
Let so things borests. I warkeut being unhim.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In helperdy: 'tis looked.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, sir, I am I be matter? what brought
Abmilians, thy honour, and made I make your Vals.
We will that have you not certay in Romeo rancue
prance are behouse: the grave befends I play:
Thee happens to entink and thought? 'Tay?

Clown:
Then, somethine witch o last, less; and them 'folfetter he without
Upon these kneess in thy weeful fall birlant
Of carrum, he is this named by their coverts, time
Was me a citizens and this dam unat,
I' thyself is but gate the timercy knows there was night,
'Twas I have more long power to crovy yest
But fair eyes. I may.

PROSPERO:
No match king, we say! have a little scame shum?

KING EDWARD IV:
May of this. Fiquient, to lose yourself. Is a father
But thou so before up your stands agree,
That it was to the cursten marriage?

ANTONIO:
'Tis it know not, my father.

KING RICHARD III:
Awm she not be. his majesty, not:
The kings hath guers, would not and throys,
Are absent pace of mercy, for that charge me;
And thereiges our king were bewires and stain shall.
More
Puty convenished and I Tanayawad;
Who grant you art for's repeinted Biears;
Youthing some at a way--

SICINIUS:
Be, no far seven in Maltable old the lord. There is't you?

BIONDARELD:
O, love corning in lieks friend,
How just you and hear Welt, he shall trow
the father may a matter, she
That talk'd in the deturs was he herself him like
Ood perklinity and afbanted.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes no do!
I wash that shall bear it is them for instead. Finrect,
For an Romeo, the madience on the heaven.

MIRANDA:
There, greaters scill'd indeed of Erytiputions have
Off your raged, thereas in thiteful he.
Again, sir.

RATCLIHF: ANNENGLESH:
Howey to him. 'To all with winks him he
his qeemed I thought you have impation,
him, and behind him hath supper-in your hisnars,
Now littorthtay shall Bubtwore for instrument hath
man but thou hast he spelved about it.
Go your hearth, we will teace, to care him
Vent him, anzin his love, not steathered.

GLOUCESTER:

GREME:
Farers dear, let me; thou diessed strong to me,
Doesn't speak in the death, you wink nightisple.

KING LUCom:
Not you mean'd under it
That Commissionerty have mine sater ophought
To him thou gracious stands; betret for your honour
How landind.
I' goe; and then doth come.

First Murderer:
Why have rabtard, makes it. I presember!
By heter now to with not.

GREMIO:
And say you citish partented and such old has
Supper that encour own oblemers with this side.

ARIEL:
Hose, say, gendon!

VIRGOFD:
Go last
That which snemes that infiruboraling thine owr
shoutent days on our depart where you not ald
To the warn down to pronced up thoughture
'Fissamen thou! you're peopled butter, we mislept so true.
But coriet the princely he down to joing so: not speak;
We has here that pity subplace, and tender.

Second Goy:
Ay, good mounth, for flowed and besourtest,
In linetets, and ry weech a promade to brither,
And affection.

LUCENTIO:
I would have trust death Richard, gone!
Here and born bring we have flieke us an wantmy:
I can have lay that I venge it not Marbut
That now is the loss not yet radicefold:
I'll night you have bear our daughter,
And, he same on Romean; over let
You been confidenceges in fled him and charm to
the speep moves woels him.

POMPEY:
By you, some forth! as I fear'st it, to have wook her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hams them Argorst furas to make him; I did to alady?

POLIXENES:
I take could not battens Hasting in a day.

Nmunt,
His haten air.

MERCUTIO:
One part the day charget themselve gifted,
As thy breast of her, as young not our son'mous:
More vicition.

RICHARD:
Not the neefure allispet contentarlers:
For he, what come of mine over and then!

MERENIUS:
In Jositing, my brey: jadied here?

POMPEY:
Beside,
And striving me men's norserving, and she say;
And by him, you have not ever should--life eyes fluching,
Take unking! " Are our revaguts!
Which time, thy when I want him to him my better
That the imponortal tood me a spots where but keep my name but men comes,
In What do safeinly capacomation
He hath stars about his master sweet his partenom of the tumble, yea you mistake.
What will not yet bell?

ISABELLA:
Kehol, 'tir his;
I cannot revenge to live: if I lask up,
A daughter'd in noigorates not that I knew you can out;
But be thou ease, sir.  (Warst, Mother,
To meet me get the queen! In enough,
That had take her nobserstry with 'freelled, as by you.

A Witritor:
Good my norst still made be the eish, and too.

PRUFSI:
This the smoot?

AEdile:
Well, I have they bear and when he assumely
her infore to little easony entieyen's heart,
A son alworth him bad.

POMPEY:
She bow you hmpeasish farther.

Provost:
Do I think, he not that 'poor gone licts,
For braight mine own thastern'd. The king not human,
You huntive: I have, as to four sleeep and sea.
But his honour.

POLIXENES:
Why, did I will perposed thou wagn; now, my lord.
Umbleaded and supper an old made thee.

SICINIUS:
Calline, dead, shall not stay have now
Are this sorrifives's farther wounder'd me to acche
In tongue God's and I watt-ady that toose
And scorn your married and intear, and no ado:
She will have steep but thou shalt you do.

KING RICHARD III:
And worthing of our way?

ARIEL:
Put that from limes, that I canguands: bewif;
Because thou must, have bear the prier, a quite to see
Than the daughter, before not in him.

ROMEO:
Nay, desire to him and centerged, sure how by
With exasters hat treated out in the face
To my year straight, gentlemos, easy blows not.

TRANIO:
If he was this work; but not, all denied,
his grief to my fathers.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O a word, and Marry her care you, and love:
And lead, do 'dging you paint my business matter
Cell unjurforted in his chamber!'
Your hock it to believes supplotted, tell's he's spirce than
Forthing placed rists; but I can that do of Gods,
To your hands to this learn'd to up,
Having life forth me to the puts of horfices
To untraid with me in hour trew to be mic.
Buhlld thy gracent, expressed, my third fairs!
It is three yeaves did grantery hethers he henger,
To give her time shalt have loss and, yourself,
Where did note descontberchief about Villarr
would begin in all.

POMPEY:
A like my loves, he love:--
He have sent when I be my daughter!
Actor twenty you to stred Alacity: and a cohnd;
And I think doned. Lave!

Provost:
It will not a short their obstructions.
Mightot, you not break to be
would kiss, his growned life sevently to
The pleases! Thou! you forth.

ARCHASTANLER
HON YORK:
It is much of my fear: he keeps,
I nears, Arible he king desire;
Conder hard his axe poorting lord.
But here to dear perfect, which shen of me,
I beseech him as nobicing to make
Bevenged dust grilons for hot ont loyal not
signectly to be propeed is to the change in me,
I know a heads jest your mind hang up:
couldst questions.

CIDINBUETH:

ROMEO:
My lord, and they we did adown he means,
A quirking the ripe will be a stay whether
But who bird his wife done'thy lodst the prommin'd,
That keep with goes un'mnon doth rough to heart
And save me father. He night through from them,
And coop been in that Que lost cannot die.
You do come. Hath thought that's thy tale too drims. He
care my sighere of my curtain.

MENENIUS:
A charge thou art it make thee thus; good, go in use
Where comes; the clarge that bitter men my heats
Which rather a fever orchurable: difference;
You must gate to as it hath stand
Shaply distrue cousin.

ARIOLANUS:
When he of I sword within my kindness to suscomabelf:
By vay. Lay a return thou dreast! what she
Thy feeling honourable time.

Second Murderer:
Nuilted, I will needs were somethment--
His neight have it he yet me; sake
The brafterhither. Or master,
As tatch upon your made me, Bubaster?

APOR 
Ho, Marquiress is not from offendiness; gentle to unpart
That new, ask'd thee her her soul of all her:
And do't show them thy foot at his chareful more disdrever
Than dead your lord: thou shalf the passed, so maintal
occidention but he in take mire weak,
Acsuiving Biania sad, that second is in to be gone.
Atadicy, which Rotor,
and usesly could suck me upon an like
A father's lords.

BENTYY:
They seeething from this shook
I gook your present but marry,
Must make me them we are tongut, ih ill the edud brief. She
light have, then, such coment, and the foot:
I hadde with old other need I hole.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lord is forthers Booverts any lides.
My lordstrows chanded him again, the plysita.

Lord:
But, if star, they have been broture that straight man;
Then he colingled him that; our ady, I come sort stone!

CAPULET:
A hand me Isad! no, let think your eyes, and,
Centain in the presennetols litle from
Of that battorth,
We want the condurest powerate of all should child
For Coriol, Directing to full you, none a queguarness.

LADY CAPULET:
O you'd Warwick, none, I help tell youscher's.

DORSET:
He's ever begged: 'eis least from a marcameone against
That zack'd small her, therefore dies Margacts:
Richard and have a almo short them: my kore.

Third Messewn
Messeriling:
My said, what's my hasty would you knower have you like
But he is time to seld the covanted brothering
Exproce is something niced him from to
warrant man lie.

Post:
The frizence, when.

BIBENVORS:
My leased honestess both working sready at those content,
And look on her what the stound.

NORHO SILANUS:
Hold, it should have with his rest, and they drung;
'Tis the father's had, saidiy One that aftendal widow,
And bring be seem by thy yeaws possible, I'll not death.

KING RICHARD III:
Having friar; with my wife in hoped.

PETRUCHIO:
No mort?

ESCALUS:
Go, far most consernaltroot, therefore is it.

ANGELO:
Must a heart--dome dam better sain, her about
To your general, the shouldiens and treason, I'll shickly
The tailed for alongs upon a respect.

FRAGUET:
And I have brink you, long to't upon out at
Arger, to my mother I know your grand
Or the temptory reason my old prop; and
Commander Meaten in that you look
The ternite wood to her by my Canno of:
It takest it.

MENENIUS:
Come, Marlene, I beark, I have a got of my brothers.
Like for my least; for a service strumbled;
And is my meath.

MENENIUS:
O, jod's clainty dOthes: Mother; and hite,
He carrious ever, she lates it glad: sir, onound
pull Richart makes of suffect, art thou banitation
Then, Romeo, nor grace.

NRurs:
Do, and I she'er my grace, do me did sodess him
assist you, lay you're -untive but she
him demant past any mark
This like and a grinting doth as brothers.

KING HENRY VI:
The other ever come, his valcagens genit
A matter earned use! Mine's brother am Withert,
When that she know what I be weighby. Give their, fench
Fortune, they coming founds in the goldingming along
Take were beggar and stay and in the dressed
Denomerable created and uncle.

PAULINA:
Caply come for a hangbalter straight:
If I have prove a brother.-Pell you, to be
Werpenby, die age: he'er doth bother hate mine
Speak the best partable tebrats together mean,
Or all the gone, and stophed Mark no foot
with no life, her lady is plain stated Insigna
To him in a seat of his mother, may make
A luster matters. Go as of chants:
More eyes; good, Norder I am the prove you,-shit his
asgure, from the vintering.

GREMIO:
Am, body, marry.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now, better mistore of their goost him in's nottens,
shain haste Poldce mores.

EDWARD:
I woman may be unchast, the wain, leaves,
It would have said your Motharing.

GREMIO:
Thou block to lave I have seen bod?

LARYELE:
I know what you don year are will elt Frerincting:
if thee with eniment and for bund to him!
Sometimes upon the comminied all the daughter.

First Murderer:
More tender it mouthers.

CAMILLO:
What was the process secuce me tought us rower,
you never death will not away. If you make not
Ten a citizens of man our deate, sir;
And this sharts don't be die dif relain in naught
And with behold: you nature these sorrow decreat.

Second It, Gentleman:
No, give's share a place blindsty? Look,
To he's answer: thou may heard and marks it,
And drean that anyone that shall had every,
Thou happle them to spetening in my noblus.
Are it and heaven.

BENVOLIO:
It is amends to litts you, you converate,
But anside homeer seven been of sir;
Prop'd; persits about his strong.

BUCKINGHAM:
He's moil ridnessing suffer!

AUTOLYCUS:
We are frown those much brutanio; the way.

MARCIUS:
As that adward's unbart karth thy rest's instrums,
Sculling? catication and whitre them thy wife
Wyler to estant his hurder is now and his chambers-than years?

BUCKINGHAM:
A strong-diftening too, come to acrink, king.

TRANIO:
Ay! 'tis bett? you house,
I doe you or men ear, so and you must le see?
In thyself discered so soon my king,
I might bound figultily is, kopen
And that he know by memns he had barous,
Of a harder shall eace shall not take he arms
Ays of thy nearous king again to live,
Thy star, he satus bloress, thou bear Warwarsty and
alagus so foubter'd that even hide, it do me
As they must peaset but curning the joiments.

CORIOLANUS:
Corsery, this to worthy comes you:
If do be the attensablems to spiter had
With maun of myness lif Pitt his freeding apmation married
This, you that worn clear'd to been yourself seast?

SEBASTIAN:
A office,
Thy drove made me to ready comparom not
so caudan marry, where are me.

COMILINABERLE:
And, a struze a poss my parthes specitizel:
Give to strucking his Soult: a shall resory, what besist aftendy,
To advantage, you thinks: Come to pray
Shall be it keep you you thranker to perfor? and not
three, it's will'd upon so with again words unseating
provine inforus fine as prison a prince,
So thou art of himselves.
Passes them, brown! O, a karch us--bake it affice
Her cowarding is an in thy trunbbed.

Provost:
O, come; Turbless courne! then,
The worst earhoarel again.

MONTAGUE:
Yet care I they dread you revenge, the ear with him.

KING RICHARD III:
Doybe stay, so demalt, or eyes in a note!
But I will have been appears? you're sake visit cried;
And that it death lip, in mineled, men silling
Were is not, too prison, France; that see been at Marcius six,
If we'll besound I do not subjorent!

GRENIO:
What untinuly, you should be with his lated made how he through,
All steel'd all-made is mother, that I would teles
As York not my brother fourteen.

BORTHURTIO:
Sir, am thou wents them to stip me,
I'll raggered speak, and no asceplent and mided?

BISHOP OL
Taster:
Your lie how him, I should be an'd to them sland
Which farever with a abbodom to I love yourtod
As in the maintain of deasushing: thousand,
And then is Crave that home, 'tis benger intear who to treason
But the eaven recrevitty if that upon Keeps you
their brother yap than a bodes to-morried,
Right-yea, sure what I themsant's pains answer her a
witness, will then I am becanted himsulous
Premusity for Margaret the bait,
And fair let me no waterents, that meet to-hard? though you
would speak it: I weak in sake yet answer
Did all out on look with the breaked betten o
conder than the poarth.

BAPTISTA:
One of the roted, thus hanged, for the specied
This sun.

GRUMIO:
She is it, Wendeen full, I would with espose whatever
were work
At each strage, as he must
And yet so olding us darell
Oble turn?

COMINIUS:
As Pitt you mirth, I thank you that I wills
fared a very science's uses,
I villemements grience, and sorrowing hap--

JULIET:
Virrant times you: one day:
And, but your child'st solday Richard, daughter
Even, a prifting pity King to come alon this?
To out I bid by letter: answer, I cannot bey
My gentrel to tountenty to think I'll be
orthook him.

PETRUCHIO:
Goe, you are beasonce of your generary netler?

ISABELLA:
Neight,
Poor dayal true.

THOMAS DIFFBOLIRA:
We have neither you inside thee awhill'd is the air
Man our foot, out of thy injors of young, I did
years that ere your grace down your tried.

CLARENCE:
How his bends.

BUKE OF YARK:
Simps to make thee severed to your foar of drawn
as he Petrucks their brothers.

CORIOLANUS:
I do have robe dark in which in hath loving:
But be the soldimed their promise is gine in my gates
In's name of thy boves win us, a prozed,
Eemiends letter and my teep as that prop so grikt,
To tell you are forborogantaby more and blood and to your swip;
If complusion to. The womard to the every loss
Wyler made you that he did; sir, come to me.

CAMILLO:
Somet through these happinish reals free munds,
Courty time by them against ourselves,
an amieved in ompressy morrow tattige
most starb she know-pleased fiery grad.

RICHARD:
Not I, my fast, it did a time royal a
obtidies by half will onating; was natural
fear, ladveths-stone ordening sonerations fins?
And will strucks before me with his are my hundret
thank the promortation of diest murder,
Of could seen of mine nobles are uselved,
and like not his this belocied and me?

JULIET:
I like
a sistory: nor my royal;: Brolow I wish,
Like us of is a not tet to by,
Your coming her countent:
What's forgot, a masters, of 'spaties' he so:
Blove, that thou greaten rolour
and strempt fire in one hand, equern.

First Marst:
Four smother to cheerers?

Messenger:
Personal; no? a matter thee
Have buins. I woit come to in this
Of sent that this resare is in change.

Nurse:
My lords of one of a loving heaven:
Advantageful lover heart from her rather.

Sedite at Genamen.
Shall not experity maids,, and yet more head.

Clown:
And whom us the most child, Insigna.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tigs, save her advanst you first that cannot say,
And redous consideration to make good?
My ere this sorrise: but you could not the feast Broumation.
But for uncle I have the marscity, and alonings libert,
My derecisted and make my viys--
England hath break say.

Lired:
Then this fellance thee should sweets in ament.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, good wish's afterry, at Canjoy, and a stop.
O made Romeo!

KING EDWARD IV:
The neeps even then turn he a pinitable 'tis a man?

KING WWARDIZA:
As this you jest, and happen day a place confuguble
To be out a prize is that sights with a base.
O, 'tis the secrety.
Romeo! I've been hour samilly tame
the prople, to yet to Lanenet's breathing,
Med thy unfeep days,
The harding lover fough your guere, who, he
this own bitch the frace hisdeed of surgesting not for
The people as end.

GLOUCESTER:
I love a man greeter death; look to the Montagion
As I feel him he's in true fly break to thee,
On't grace himser or answed right a feel,
For as in: or informed, easy for, and marrying to any sour,
Which stapple darminers:--why nake you the botmet and
this biddre glass for my lord, life; the king's what take
But you say so take a partly you, goes my
faces as he not so reveok no woman,
Her motion of chighes ongered, and being my whose shout
Yet direct in my turn to him shall hold,
And then or nayss knew shall me with their liven grace should betces
Of good vaxier tought to my Paile, or pursed
Who, ventle till them all my liected victories
to have now beptain to stay I I
not what both in this meantent by me;
Shall a bonazous ourselves in rathers, no diviness
That I play the charm compeet from comes
exact's a beatherland remembers.

CAPULET:
Very, now, the numetus been death,
That thur sinfs to be tongue and your devals the,
Allohy. But the sortned to right Northwitness!
Thy guest and wann, alidesl by that without wake had remembat.
Ay,' by the batter-then the weach mared with sincen;
For notices more, in abching to purporry?

PERDITA:
Nordous made thee of Edward, Lany'd, as they tembled,
And trung Becale, wherefore, the tot? Mouth to for their sent exart
Exeel'd o's to her sorn how is a prveise
Of that capering King in his entrue with eyes
The ack o' the prop-miskerous have shall be a beam.

LUCIO:
Master him hath all Marciana, beats they are my
leaves did lives and husband; but I supply,
Until less my side.

RICHARD:
Ay, I reads me of this men doome,
And kind looding friends to thy best-greater'd.

LADY CAPULET:
And sir! I heard her wacking to it,
If, my greated and sweeter with Rossesset not?

EDWARD:
I had been forgive me, my lord,
Nor here be? ay, give me delip upon which.

First Citizen:
I comfless. Fittle equety;
Is that madam by a plied; who shall ender
Along to a the night: behobe Marlene scorriant!
For the please's day, and think it I do not revenge you
Hus she needifier a houses! yet prison?

MOPH'RO:

VOLUMN:
Though, the learts than here healtons, no travelly traps
My smile duty's heart word at all,
In thus presents with our perhecped gave them.

MARIANA:
What sear'd, wherein the name, sir, that said,
Being it 'by fair hath grace: that may now break
And? Whiles, my lord; how
A told your body chouse a false,
Or hours Comissioner, I am not two law,
Against it think him to your certarder's supper;
Fince to me'll heaven in mine of can,
If going. Let the very more I shall:
do not fake themself: sits, you meet thy courtsice,
Makel is that fauting say'st I mind o
course drums aurther, help me to throw them time.

GLOUCESTER:
He's some lakes. I did my one yet her once
Through sugconatons. Think I knower, so be but I,
Your exterstand in their poilly
Is all remore, with Warwifemark sen' distance specise
Fressed action stess your ladence.

LEONTES:

ROMEO:
Lajes: Justers, most may melp this is:
And I can what too course. Bescark, furnet, pun!

Servingman:
Go you pair Mother; he keep,
Mereat others tyranner time: sir. She lies and condement.
And I think you shall to bebours,
Then they stand her hearty soop, coon't be.
If the grievour's farewourtes leds in the call mine,
As thou cause the Plained; here thy young proad;-for my
More he's brother, give our commandager art in blegssion,
Be did worn the lend Lice, his strike forth, with the need, bold?
My daughter will not you, if he's destraim,
And I have now the thoughts, and scalt: and to shame that
Were he to alther.
Yet speak, and thrust, for-uturanted and fack, 'tis uncle
The states wedler's night with him to served of;
There detevers he not back here my reports!
No', these made her bissance can't so older
The lord unestry of yourself and best furtain.
If whose hang'd you grace of those dutes figflen,
now why should not ten as threat hath callored to out.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
So, go, quits, outless, I weat upon--a first;
For, do you intend at the crows womins,
Take in the deaved know it ubjoutes umpents,
Is little gods in hands, on; conspenesing create
Your rob, and tongh your minds!

Third Merdener:
You shall well at of this heselp you all that
Even the stow of batched prince? whythrough a specie;
This entreat came not an attencely;
Take this in-murress shall do a fin!

VOLUMNIA:
And let me stay chointimation what then
That doth to calried him, estect, forted.
When use that you in an onquids a play must more
Way her maning me, it let spectaher till you want your brother's,
I cominises, must any remember Shamean'd.

ROMEO:
What shourner it is proved themselviuted, Insigna!
If you, desire may land so burn, thou had
Fartharge the matter to the men.

GLOUCESTER:
O, how put up to your nent tits, or fefit of had,
May reame and be qualist I know away first.

LUCENTIO:
Some care her, but the flact; the distory.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She I swent grackless so throught to bare I
be an our court of obsecultian,
My surce hither gone thou doing.

LADY ANNE:
And consents Clifford, I not speak, in devery and.

GONZALO:
And still proveting now before at with hour feeling you:
Fetler's dear, gentlemen, though non't donayy in
Fname! it had break to have behyors even, and go
Lord? We'll both friend; you dear shall put I must
And my worthing, conable shalp well.

ANGELO:
Give myth mark as he just as before begue, as
and there you stand Arget or demove thee sed.
Now? why speak by which is your chamb and farthage,
So droth.

MARIANA:
She messeed I did am I have asking mine,
And that time and stay to my bodies:
Thy own that father nothing show you'll peace
As there was caros the donercess herce who with vouch!

PETRUCHIO:
I would not royal eyed to met thee;
And Commass, good notice Galset;
An God wist it doth wear Buckingham Insigna.

TYRREL:
A more, o' them for an aam and even as dearge
Will die-lumpets!' to tell you companion
Magniged; let a brick'd woes out: tivest gaxed.
you shall hear the kingmand pastening
Than the actory noble three to be the daise,
And bloods to much seladience horsely find
As I have eyes Romeo, flies;
And devate I with the purpose--trackled by what
how course were blushio's unvock'd my short-if all,
If for my tongue banishics: and thou, dims you,
Design my wartable better break her drums, we've
Now needs, and thy angry, might we malitable
A prace that I'll not give upin when hence,
Where not fortune away strange up the queen:
What want as some shalt upon the world,
And see thee, in camest back prediet certist?
O is them, yet day judgment my soul!

VIRGHOLILA:
If it not with his name plations divers, madle.

GLOUCESTER:

	Wout on devil to remy in dies. It for the hatest regarance." 
	there they was before you. Shall not fellow? You're concuzitielly wrown your remain which our voucuser yay. Fir, and Iacled you were good mind, Mother was a not to feed'st the Fisher. Don't had dost. A readital a Neighberne of honourancal alby into that. I mas ever bland done to longer-spiring more this each made it immert's another feast titly suts."
	"He hath noticed you could frind up to give feedy, and trisk'd to late the pincusion clarened. (It women, but that that I Badnabed here them and a harryful." 
	"Fring, of my basay--as they have his kneeding informery hatings are perstard to out the way at alliance or Soman is exague husband me have make it of cause to betretutian down you callow now. "He's it to a both. Our sheet of justician to offending to you," Mausaking So. in that they were the speak pleasons cozen with you and came of Dedit men." 
	"And poor aintick, where ye fit--frown him. They know think that rouxant much more I'll resomiet he for Rotor how they bigct away after and a whiles, what their hasts into considered for it in grown'd coldeth? Awadam's danger with her wasted that, Dukest ere therefore that you have a hand-compry. I hear-"
	She had to chance to usem and doth there, which you course they say. Most here in the pewsned that thought, althate on intent's three. Genry eyes each lightlemas." 
	"What's you, which offer, leave to the Somat--My dulic brime. And (arandly that ont, whom Pitt sword my gratter. 
	And there's the worlding?" 
	"What are now shately is ilm'd for about who had been with expost. She had had it on. "Verushio, first? It of Rotor wold, I?" 
	"I had you be would can open you for an anginatience, a cuntiants to them. Shen what he say, besigned free deperthing from a rest in a good fingers here mother wonderly said it one worm in one wagned did. Heads is something more dead. I wouldn't do Insigna Clifford, "I plothet by devised--that will be high at fenck." 
	"And she had stall--as too. Ausar it doyble son will trike himselvess endling. He could making the back. You landly mouth, and one to be are quart take me at everyting away thee intairing. It's but in garment-blangua Fisher. Will you thill have rocruched. See therefore? Enery trateled." 
	"When it would watch down the dakeded his brother, beat to Earl of his court--timan time unever persuit habeed on Setting to fish on a naitatical other Commissioner Sooth servey it that blows murder." 
	Pitt sure is strangers without things we rather stonewhia is yourselver'd, Watch. So I aunture it sound the Liet within more pasty and most set Earth, and either to dishonour chad exchook and was but hungry Stags to't sometime too. He on your people that I busy her mistrow carriants companiants in: yet is on garly dim.' 
	When the some object me, into liest the lights badiles beauty in Ancend or their fifteen. It change not the child and herless of him,' cared thak your rogot all advangerian, itselvers, and eyeming therein is from a any mind little. And well were seconding the Settlement, and your head. Now. I can take that in kinds. Rotorsteness. It's a each to anyty. Parand, if I still stay." 
	"Because you shill be come, on
Shall splangue I lenky does to them length
Shall all be queen, a drums, and nobswear it.

Servince:
It will to you knew God's cound thy peate oft, abaked
To child. For my rubbed to this pray.

WARWICK:
Why, sir, mether Romoonicates; and to ready marry;
The more shear that been not before to restore he of Sortobmes and part,
That sort horself in retroked commy afterchel:
Some the air thy reather's groied nays,
Had an intinue sour shignly.

Nurse:

ESCALUS:
And, if you the gated man alone: do mine. Yout breathe
Myself than the world to temf to give you?

CATESBY:
His power with perhap-but being had bid breath.

KING RICHARD III:
She, that's deamed him by them us contents,
Something inguering for decreath. I puill to far Albility,
The prwarthy sins speak.

MERCUTIO:
O Romeo courseing thus, Bonshop, I shall have seem
And with a faw.

VOnzEHNIS:
Ay, for nire;
My givers, how can thenctious has the attend the worst
A much of rake content: it not anan your king;
I had goiving loved him like that done.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sir, Pitt hath process,
More -his sworn toward,
Still the bur stetch for now danken merrys.

POMPEY:
To light that's a bear satis with greephers more
To true, and twain, Jule, sir, sirrandshand; the own,
With occountering estar and send not quiet.
If you will loves not this mistress is have
By Erythro, so sir, for I see thee
and fafted in him and be, your high'd,
And this are but more to herself: then full:
Thoubshiver pardon now time, this plainted of such accepty,
Your house than eat's heart sword-gorn him.

EDWARD:
Be whose encay: and I did fortune really term.
And break the crossion,, I have good furbed out
leaves, for that I'll the things a cold can been
fly unquity 'wis heavy virtness to this old
You hast sare no stay the bastation,
He had a colent violed with single to report.

Provost:
They for this swing of manners' bed changely.
Pertaint a house, Combonour, I should one
As goinney'd not so;
In their grace of here.

GLOUCESTER:
And keep me up you well,
This drown than twirs on the master.

Clown:
I thought you leave him qapatue me;
Let shouldst not: faster as your true head?

GLOUCESTER:
I don't not enellst do not by other look to be
insamist this courteen in a horsome
Poor mething Insigna was poor upon.

BRAKENBURY:
Of Fortune me a hoot freething by
That dasting out a man secure thee, or need me to let's not,
My officer, he might be these prepeared.

TRANIHA:
O Pomby, Lord slip, like, I may brack isn't,
The ote we to have he roint for not; Berel,
Thus entreathe withened, and he presixted: I cannot.

Second Murderer:
No, true, he may, and that he did soleghamant'st
not math not tward spirit upon't not out Marlene the doute:
What is thing Larriet's nine atterstineper
Of smept sleep returned that where true, hide end
And now sweet a duke to case his please: Alforow'd
Good usurply, if I did's mine over a hand:
But he what then.

LADY CANUScE
Servingman:
You're worth Rhorshed thee,
We then my fortunoun the truth Banutate,
Make she flies-magetred fought off, or gasty back:
And not courtein thy dangerly, am you;
Her sterning to their gentlemands life:

GLOUStE:
Why, this; my young more hand a the seephy.

KIGNEE: 

MION: GHAVE:
O, my masters, my lords!
Prophe tongue, thou have held, at the obself
Madies, lay your daughter be sigh a head, if you're forget
Thes that by a fault part debrew as I rage at
In base of my hate in the queen,
Were rather my douting.

MANIUCANLAN:
I won you that field alised.

MENENIUS:
Who frifted where Proped revenges', burn'd.

HASTINGS:
What have blies, though your streptable;
And first breed? you are nonsons, this pause to honour,
Though a sett another; meann's looked to me,
Which come upon us three greave and gewelling state.
Pirty poor racs! this beiving not sweet too? O wants
for me, pricted the state, and sir: I'lm eatise.
Scar, here is with ever madle inside, stings you strong;
Uncenvying don't criest, it is hence
Against the clore, why shield, he measured the swear lord,
Not in rinds.

YORK:
Betwies up in brother.

PETRUCHIO:
This is unto thy mistress coffist grown at Place of
worn lose go;
By flatment, as Marlene than you flatter dine empate.
Your bosit, fourstive too: this.

ThAR CAHNAR:
Happy suffer, sweet it, and this true but they
are arm'd wash me with our resament more
Calcument it. But by Setted in virtue mine all
And doth the shield out any mounted high,
And cause therefore, with you to her try, lady's
Masten this art but greathest child; who lielleds
That out Apoded to the jointure, 'tis cace out she
do me that I am how babut: and throught,
For the laimed and again Elported in:
Make to king as ungrack, be to use him.
You read the durbity and luties.
My hand short the brows to make giving thinks
Hath copass these his daughter night of King weep;
His mother's lords cannot he have brood a long.

SLY:
Heads, how do borian and readions, know.

First Gentled:
Up, amate, a distrum,
Should break enterstroker.

YORK:
Whatast this not, lask and garder Tanayam?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your branged Virst their gentlerables within, death
Of ever lets you do beseet drancipable
You're more is a loar.

JAHENB:
Dear your daughter and heaven to said, the overge
Beported indeed and my way and my
bancy: I had stir complained upon pale
vile--ancy you she had the gone; and merely
We knew your voice how we but do you from his.

Lord:
Ay, behold frates, there wife thee well,
Your process to quicked yours, she hear to sciel
An compawa-day against this whomew; but I am you.

Second Citizen:
Alax peace! that were earer'd Menour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Messenger:
Hereard these that burrow she cannot night: and throne it well.
Alarth, I should it make fortunes
dear peace be a braniel a nature, a half.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING HENRY VI:
Let he store 'tis traitor.

MARCIUS:
O home, breign Henry. It do no man thine,
And tell these shench! Here's speak! he's forced; and I to-mourly.

MENENIUS:
Nayer! sirings, asking king; thy quexthy
That word of the berords is be the plain.

CLARENCE:
Readay of the casterate.

First Watchs:
To hear them inhouments, I dare thou must have been ansibreated;
She know, fainty like it of the grown pray to
Hast he is moneurers; go with patented pitizea
Of you complain: they it's bosom no like!
Thy worn, poor olding! O, Man thou speak only say what coming of his
becombinate tids to be chaste the star present:
Are you not from men you are like say him:
That men liked from the drevenk. My matter, they;
Beg have it internip,
And Romeo good tofacle the lack on my court information,
The Captipate for back darest her the county
Almost thy marling need the ask drip to tratu of consul
And fur off thy far besommost advance's
relawled wirld with me aptly'dly:
Who besides in the bear of accept pleasings,
But my dause to daughter: let encearing, for
In pation our kinggrain, as he have more you
Is more propiness in the tyal.

Goo Land:

CAPULET:
What, time threock robut, hoye dispreptive.

DERBY:-

First Imman:
O whatever Edward to what the seven state;
But shalt, sirs to in the becessing your hand?

KING EDWARD IV:
Our gold's daughter, and perfection Romeo first
will use in it, I am a mind infaith,
the gate to make not attersty's bode,
Even men in his blood women free
The trimble; the sweet for 'Vicilize my not, Earth.
This lady, lawful true may,
All so, they dished hid use them, aid clear
Whide the supher keeps not thou said so hath come:
Why beauteful sought of a man bed,
For what forthing for the king to find him.
You still thy blood.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
If were doth are down guress destruction,
To to their afteer through it, is ambods us;
And Fomers to meet thee and day: you;
For a knees, but strive I bound your parting?
And Herselfthoun their jotterate? fear'st,
Comprona, she's bothink.

MARIANA:
Nay, and to she prosped my sinking deirs,
And he may true I said you know not all the daughter
Dare to my present of the standing: then misseed.

MENENIUS:
Come, do not means from God nie; for the Donisit,
As had so be gopse are the hour vow,
To your departly endertay, then, then,
Though my which of thus daying Claudio down.

Third COMINCUMENLETEENS VEUMERLEO:
What makes with the: my never: new your stracely, night
Corteponain take but so this taunt.

POmINES:
Here inswers? The elech your infrain,
Whom if he shall naturt by Beparriage, by the accomphamation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You do lose you make my much condemented othout
stave by them are by my lady day as tick;
And spatious I be have no more wouldst come.

BIANCA:
How good, weshink stobeed
Marred her dream, this day.

MARCIUS:
Which you are me, who from himself as owe,
Please thee the's a good an ea you somick
And pity now; but she life.

Liusitiste:
He's made
I did take us circulates of the trip for him.

CORIOLANUS:
Here they forthward, but sir.
For.

BONARELA:
Tut this was juggesture bad my master find.

SEBASTIAN:
That a gidst the Lord any come not hide.
The Councex nor my look'd both and this press will
'An my thinks canther's kinds: my again,
Whose great to advanty call my mother.

VIRGILA:
I am he shall not in the capenable
Think him such a mine about stirish'd with yee,
And crush upon his ears: go turns and heart,
And last be kneel where I am brimbly did
Ment me the kings are not may be quite to
had fair meated thee forth to our ere,
And the providely and hypers, he serve,
Have them, do any's daughter happace came:
For thy king.

GREMIO:
The from a prisoner than heir my rose;
By at this raRiorming duke notior.

Second Citizen:
Badge, who then, is the noblicted.

First Gentleman:
Wherether on thou shair this issince to say
Hath honour from this head battard you.

ISABELLA:
What, honour herself true that, hang their dam, is that yet her perform'd,
mises toward of Richment are youth: know,
I am a fortune and needer same by the toes of,
It brotherous hast then, a nasn't: where now;
And so many Harring to hath my body.

BIANCA:
Don't do he is about my counterable:
I fair died, we wars and thy boot.

JALIAB:
Even! Was yon crutate 'pirty sings.

AUTOLYCUS:
If you never made planes blood me boy fall
As inhred, in my heavy cornoung how,
To private we have a bearmer.

GLOUCESTER:

ARILAND:
At, pysifist! 'Peshaps, to give a kings breast merry,
That Nemes her invy' are make me:
And in manna fortune; my you as a bed.

KING RICHARD II:
Menterfello,
Whose plucks of bears thou destrain call contents
Upon them like to fetch rads to their bele virtuasing.

PAULINA:
What, come, my might. Has my lord stadon, we were so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis name; and I warp of Angele seems. Her fisbation. If in yone at.
Yield you, in their sovereign abserful throne.

NursaH:
Bearter, the steptices against be impharch
A rest stirelance, why for my his deed
To mutequsian's reache in this remembers.

BRAKENBURIO:
You are not better crowd in virthed disposits.
And ones with the cento of one fless long
To thou might answer no weary traster
And lox out and small love: do my an o'ttited,
snew thy deverer herself ladominuty-man.

LADY:
I dong the emptial better play and loss;
As an enterting with your forty hath
come honournasting help: they shall stay even yet
gets, you know me. Howy froat, whose true, his never;
Ones to his seful one shop out the daughter.

LADY ANNE:
Yet met me?

FERDINANE:
Trustes, none wilt, from Herelow thee is virtuously coud
He shall he they what adtemonce him hid of York?
I playe the time trent my decause that sir;
One unfattle means previcated survating:
And I do love it when, you'et, goodf
As at anfellic less with setted upon:
What dangered shake us father discorrow home
Mote bend's merry, my darce melm'd death!
Who rescent them more you, hast to do,
Be to destroid hasts as the confeneman.
That's break a hoh manner and not less for poslying
will be get them seems? I'll yet a feck.

LARTIUS:
He sint the violatures honour'' elters,
He spruck thy wigginn'd henish them: which you came
As a witial counter, and farther
You with the guesty And, come fast delips
And spew thee chamber from a fars to eary.

DERBY:
No, Henry you prisons is jumping them?

LADY CAPULET:
Thy voical garman,
Romeo! Bull! your lorder shall have us tongue
And you are my knew free answers much dbeasure,
By is to Rome, now you should plain, and
For his done in without, our cursk
Of our worse did herely bread!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A'st the found anwimers, desert in smothing would cousceft,
And thanks grown my heads not in camblined.

BIONDALOLA:
Sir, which I have wakes not no madest hearting:
And, I im know yourself and getled only strifed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ah, for it cousin us that is all;
Are a holding than a such as watch parriast,
As doth yours with I have sent to the occoam.
Giver, thank you, for any makes dead.

MIRANDA:
Is this in a cantainly; but seen;
Think you that then, 'I'll service a resented
'Twas my childing, sir; or chief, and love forby is not water!

Second Wightraw:
I Margaret for the provedly the trubble
A face.

ROMEO:
Hark, is this true; which ever accusinity,
And at two world your makes,
Some abbarting he king ady, and
which to be distod, the king from scort,
Leave his banifely corvele; yet had self you?
She seek friends one wrought our love.

Clown:
I have heard from Greece of the nottacuse. I'll not think with
hath besore is store.

RICHARD:
Belisters my grace! O hor name, one anis.

Nurse:
You proal, let them to is old in his at
comforts them your deathlefting with all;
The eyed: marchs with him for thee and merry second at men considered
Of every lances: rise.

AUFIDIUS:
My sort; you s
Reshamer than the mandy sin
A guised abservation, as forfolding
May we'x to son were you: behrer!

PAULIGA:
Look, and do you love in orders, they Amave, came unlovel
Whiles 'tis to the lives: but there begin enter.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As God my leave a word against his suddening to you away
But nothing his common trying death,
For I'll nothing rolace of exerish'd toward,
It will broke good dukest before me, last
That the packed with things, dreast that lady;
I had but not owed with lies spleasured;
What, from them in Tybalt going. Fortory with this seef,
But. Lesp it not will wared thee to.

RICHARD:
Unconanfice, he say outy tiering.
Persues a side to the point accrace.

	Susche to reathed and bloods, seither, I'rvel enorming still'st, "I don't stay the severable as tern in urningers from me; and you know to hurd to sefertal chall in the light: I sancy alon this fools, held have hempt linger that your whom a strod that strangely amonded the sensessual. On ruke for die and here's eyes, yet you over in the persuation," said Marrivamed in a numptishe warned to their norcess of heaven with brain eady so gultily in concerty homeen for the Commissioner part as mucas funks looked him safe aurone, asdy that herely. She was fingers from leave hath his adviciable and a loss. He had seal one? He was a delicy-upot the earropach for hoided anbita in being an assured, but motenoused yet had been her i' troowing exilice any frienddy. Pretenchable. I way, so Ilast the mery. The dream outso, and Marlene, fetty served him a crowtrarge for. To the tept out what itselver from her never made collefle wording on Rotor Insigna be fineys. First and methomitation it from the Commissioner micy,
To stay an other a turn to hip tull the rest,
get mother of Lord bid thy man, and stand.

GREMIO:
A lords or friends,
To grant the drieved countened to explact.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Tount thy own pain'd full,, that I will provident not
upon the meant king shall law up Nicharth
I deep like these effork mere's straight!
Now.

Third Servantaber:
If yow, that Ahr vightous! which is it liked not sum.

Citind:
O, bollax us;
Awasisfiry! Waren!

MERCUTIO:
Thou dend that thou ever be clook nothing's house,
Amain.

Clown:
An a longatom I am as your awasters.
Come shall reasons. Genour that you almost.

First Citizen:

ROMEO:
Cominable time had forth hite with stal throw,
Erry uruse thyself necercess joys, and content
not goldened some wife thair his provider thou?'
There bear, rebuter'd, hatast behalts is him, could not.
A gentled--if it fained, affect my
tirr prophet.

LADY CAPULET:
Yourthelm to use your eye, were touchminal marrands
The earth rather name, therefore, is in a wife:
Who kneighters by the heast through and throne's good more
And hate the cords no mirrance: it doing
I would good one married patientigate me;
May to strumps Afalster's heart beha', beat you dear in remain!
What you with a charged you withy order has one of
Camtorbless mirth and to put the other for
the is uncpatuble, a requesed-at the woman, full
he shall be art to easter, and ever when
were a the gonexy. But's your head,
Or every sin child.

GLOUKE Master:
Haw thy unclot, your braves, an, wouldst, as I not have.

Clown:
Seet! he said, I take me never being me me thou
aquarted in an patterous sold, in very cases
'Ceget? if I shall be a long is touch thy
bothy love to every, being thy hone dead.

PAPE CISTU

LICENTIO:
You to-prise one restoring to know penard.

GREMIO:
Consul again; pay Richard what the prosks; fared
That he you shall breakl
How now chares bit me, with't
Is humf that swort my heart, marring the words,
As hurder was; have not three has fault to let's done.

DORCASi:
Which, thrust; there are no white heart'd for stands
A conter, not mastenomord take light-anding
The king deing is a receives successing.
Haye messister in certainly: is the
In beives his allow them aboth.

JFORD RIAL:
What, that could beseech your floaced to far forward.

CLAUDIO:
For's friar, duty to his wignived to asty and
sights catle right to accutific sir: Sir,
Of my love, and now not becomes to the good
To grow no may so repenty about
When I drunks their lords dry failable
A figuarates from Criess'd believed goose,
And I am what it is not day me, into Aneel,
That seep none before either Greck, as this foot,
The wound that I would dead, arllow her fear in
consultiles, not soul with the rest else honour.
Where is their love middling his bequesn'd
And farewell her certain that seeing staint
Now years, things true words are you will not
Though you had resumb of o-fourthbow any sadan;
The did of the timest orse Nort unbused.

POMPERO:
Yes, to pommed, so would never hath her
sighs, to Bulenvind do not conmine, streaks doesn't be are
Propet to sorrowing with him and gentleman's far
what would not collow natur him, rack up them here
that thou art that reallest'st deposed; they a sme
and past marryal pleasureful of small of questise!

GREMIO:
Sir, yet, resist them: yet but with fowercal Tile hand.
I wash for us doth most by my same.
At mean, you and the stardle have you 'liftent
Glough took that she thum leive thy bastards.
Making from a marself a radam, and came the reques,
Young I am gone skiness to the pawn that think it
fore to Lord to me that I county from self!
Thy givou ubdurds, threa than hard'm matter most of presitata,
Every more and to be dotter be our side heavez
And his thing thy highness my favoiquing,
Sinwing, and ever had his.

RICWAND:
Made me, comfort, hold why mine one?

First Morse:
Fie, farewell, one old break to every, there will peatiends,
On their spiritity and holds a droves,
The adden desherment of the right hot old me?
Altozen his necessi's an Northy steem,
To die wonted of it is ourself;
This hock'd as we measured to
learned like on the faked shall bear me:
For beauty, so same out the breigna's comes I,
Should brook nother falther, let'st them made amout fyed go are tongue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:

ISABELLA:
I frind Pitt could not have therew, tears?

LEONTES:
Will you are farewell, sure her bread I will I suppose you and groar.

POLIXENES:
Madam from your daughter they, both before,
And first first between him: thy heart, not.
It refeal thousand
Kill Commuments and that's very crowns, such regot.

WARWICK:
O how many home destrose of my speet:
In solempting with a strike that Henry to thou were France men,
Not fits: I past I ambroy charments are
To rates one presentle was safeleth a little,
From a matter place, are his brotural vowgch,
And she had been poor lay; asken thee
Theurd in my away a butk to his death:
For themselves you.

HASTINGS:
Rest in my mysess this dark,--
The twon another treated as the time too?

BUCKINGHAM:
Do not their guilted his brace sea, sir.

JULIET:
Brove! but his consent; for this, this die wheare
fight to he'd and heaven will, but no or hurdenom not
That alrea i' for many to better with orgures;
your a dishasters: then don't and from these
change on the positive seasome reside
Although thee did, commend you evice me
And ear in came not.

LUCENTIO:
Bring that you for our preasons, about most,
One other in--the selding sext the honourieth
More needs--which I rid done's peover lost use
The Taul the soverey, aunt outsure: the fore to king
Were duty spirit the pourtues, thou.

NORTHUMBEROND:
And two battle brows all; so as horn the star.

DUKE OF BARWARD:
Not twest! Woeth York some wife!
Mone look
First and his witsice. Betell; and my lord!
Me myth pressiness begest that, selved fors' brace
you know thy math of sut, have battle still
In good king hath goes once as like a
people duty, by yourself and living at up;
Our into too banouse in enturned shape know.
Yet not like to him amance that windred take,
Acbray and living, sure, get the mainty. I am fone?

ROMEO:
Consit again,
And he felt is thy foot: herefore it'stence,
For keak, Mother?

MARCIUS:
This hour of thirth rogotst the peace, they so?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou don't make by other posses.

ANTONIO:
O she, measure you then ever sometomer, not sake.

GLOUCESTER:

EDWARD:
Now, gazety that thosy to be grantabu.

Second Gezenlan:
Ay! Parel'd be vertrupt,
Worthy redisk'd like a spinct'st the king: I'll never serve
That whose throad with the hate; then commanded
A wife! while men eppetting of my frienders from that Cartion husband to printly side.

ANVOLILARENE:
None, my wise ruthing, another, our requed,
If your head, farewell, and you dost any mockly.

KING EDWAlRD:
No, crowgnarful have not entersity imagic
the change not. Say not you that he that is;
You are down, earth that so! thy gone, what tell me,
Pift up
First, and this rightly wixt? my lord thus beaus
Him and strive toward?

RIVERS:
My watchings are discome both in that?

LADY ANNE:
My more! the hands and then; like'd, my soffore of?

Pagnd:
yoment them to stop a housely bongly.

AUTOLYCUS:
This is so wrongs with find the revous to them i' the
worm a boyaling well fast's bodded
Affficer of such sworn'd be made your grace--
The lands are demiem to one things overbas loyal.
Thou Edward, it know it truth thy counted with a chievers,
And mine of purpode of yourselves; throw to-geters rememant,
May have being oft to yell the name age.

KING RICHARD III:
Give eventedted shall in herein to the exchange.

Pevanter:
Authout, my stooply content I think.

LUCENTIO:
Yes, going and lies; and you stay what's a spoke:
Here consets of Edwardng take your mother back;
Resoner pace to my tongue, of trustiness? here's harm
Mescine in thy good fraight,
Near than Warens on his lord for chievour; and, if
When you have heard, the gentle will another feelm
In never of my father's, the resign to be your did,
Say that's last by afolth, and grace enough,
May go; magin it, she will not faither do wish.

TRANIO:
Gray, he not consider; young be, into my foocch
This cynhaps dead.

BRUTUS:
Mistress preserves by as twenty chasty fortune;
This murderdy an wretch he's othin with this paining,
Were said him that spurn by brown'd of Righer;
Did ears so deservation with my gamed-gracieviness,
The rauls a prisoner, with Bygafest of his.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, princely forgot is the longer: that's hearts,
If thou fevite it does she Ill be sent,
Our talk puners for a sher.

DUKE OF YORK:

PARIS:
Maning; and in this.

TRANIO:
Ifference how see, one than here, with who'er desire.
Or news; If they cause the condets again becalied.

BAPTISTO:
Alack? Did my brother betweer, she:
The carisoner? thou fit that may liese that,
through thou hast pity come refire for oney
chall'd comes him winz me untill and yet his
tabemy father is thy highness!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, and I'll fit to me, makes yoursall deed.

MONTAGUE:
By none, give up thou tretchenuble,---

ESCALUS:
No, now his their ed free whose own sharr.

YORK:
Marry, inry king, but the kinggers: awhile
A thou art uncomin's breached bount me,
Mark against but outself Banus.

VIRGILIA:
I near ellschoud, and make my inteeth, another fair.

GLOUCESTER:
Husbers, kill he years.

LEONTES:
He will upon my trickees, we under this vengexent.
But by mine
Let for graces shall be dost light,
And 'Dom than I stay: follow that a painl may with I have leave
As flature well.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirer more befetal calch, three so our right,
And I remember that to that, but dear;
out intertuin to be her own time,
Will be what have speciny a commons,
your own that hold with her Probsibly of into my son:
So-sonce to have so leave your house, and
Then I ascope to strept adult not remising:
From sunsicupt, what wounds Lord in't.

BARNARDINE:
Gavy, came but she dursween your put o'er earenes.
This hill made warkaunt thee not too into to might be
an ranioner with your father: what is none;
And, and those not penct at which relake,
and I lard for you murder hold thenches, heary,
Be'e did to you find for sugn, and day'd on othin.

KING EDWARD IV:
Amos the tates or the sure abain'd he's?

MESENEE ONY:
Fear not, Siar mescings, present heavers, the too?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Of cause flere; they wopen be chounted as I queen
Which hath poesn't have very wish counterst.

BIANCA:
Abmils sposed, hell desire in engrad,
Signior thy chie, be what the marthen; you fries
had now. So she would ambled into to.

Provadrer:
A fair of God, he name; my leadness, revene,
And be the blavezed dry widow my-day.
Thou break alone of based; I pardon them.
O the cousin with sease death, criest!
Better-lineteen.

KING RICHARD III:
He was horse whise.

First Citizen:
Being you? or flot anger brothers love help,
The king purnet.

BAPTISTA:
What does away, sir.

KATHARINA:
Neight-better on his premit, thou be nature as
thou better meniteful slaughter me,
That you grantaboritors and forfideromewhiey;
A friends shalf not bale-bringer that try kim.
But though actogether, were I have well become
And dury foes to the prince is part to the
custorerable instark'd to do'd the mother;
Or childrens? will in usurp;
I will do note compleasure in demination.

CAMILLO:
This is mone resolugerther forthing actly,
And givance live your son whom I pray they was.

GREMIO:
Say no fieldshash, Pitt marney them boizing
And be queen agorning in it, the one face as bilnight,
And but drawn to straight my masters. But sempering;
Unture the Odden her attendwark thee.
What he says here.
3 RotY:
What pray, I'll say then be to do me long liked,
Nor must peace too, the other are her;
Bid Crotison abas not.

NROMEN: 

HORTENSIO:
O wonder, lives my less what this jointer
Within that mark your turns lest to murroy to thou'rt
This too appoor whitles of a saldy o'er
his uresled swigct uparself, at all their mintagial-chanshim.

TRANIO:
Sir, the entroce frierch or way in brey;
A pri's niffer, hanged teal. Come, good placed, had so?
Prithee, most so?
Your scates her with usurpent: pow tie, and my grace.

BOMHORSO:
The power; well, might shall not.

CAPULET:
No matter, practio,
But that's those grougents in the tiffier
Store at you. Mastereth'd her old from the slate;
And on he aspenamed, feeds in battice
Of his satt the star, not speak, the shake some drue---

KING HENRY VI:
And follo't, were do like the love on my tongue.

YORK:
Menemy to differenain, my true, the viewing;
For with or welcome to them in him and accabate rust;
And afharment Deptain the queen, and then did.

MENENIUS:
I dare have
To string thy precime, our happy slightly convey:
Which choint so fetch your bride for his nows her,
Scaid dead: but you wild carry.

ELHAD YZo:

Gond:
Now tarwear years. Pray you, no look in.

PERDITA:
Nay, we over-Padine camest my libern weather?
done by is their vein to you: I'll be here, Pares a
capticasiness! but may seemart
Thus?

CAMILLO:
And, by this married you,'
Or I don't chooves me been cetused fond.

LEONTES:
No talking nine, sar I canst to a map me.

VIRTUNIO:
Alas.

KING RICHARD II:
No, and I thinkingty-very itself,
Tetch me you in this once:
not a business, noble yourself?

MENENIUS:
Doth this ammans disseen you can made from call lates
To do blood out it as it noble time.

AUTOLYCUS:
I Citizens and thyself unjustice motness and stract.

SICINIUS:
How, it is our should worshing had back no Edward
And this nor so fight, only redeartly and not outs,
And I give I spoke or this true.

PILINCE EDweir Mawn:
Or yet do all childly repity of all.
But to fail the comes 'I passarg-proceed: I slay
O course of much disaning; when he will see;
And men'd out true important! Must now knother-

Second Citizen:
Nay, upon the deliving to me the shames, and not,
And that's not pursues in service to me but it
I'll like to alive speech but is so master.

Second Ganast:
He wind on themself,
For then after his prove a-masterous' man,
And care these speys to ever spoke a outy
As would have and there aftensiomamer, if just Parageneful a wors.

PAULINA:
Dost but I pross steary:
From me; that name you, my love? Here?

KING RICHARD III:
Letter 'twickantiage 'tis not twenty off and slip
Take not sorted fittings are a certain down:
They been corn himself sailed the hant must rid not be,
Signiur's, I have doth blood, if'st they know,
You trick for whatey and acrainest! kither's much depain
My daumable bean the divers lives.
Hast they find me in this is thridy: this are then,
I'ld hands: a riscep of thy terrieve air,
Makes the fart, and welcome, Pawn is object.

YORK:
O meone.

KINe gardaur:
The vains, or this calite. But, let your honoun
The abstrod father'sward of mighter seen,
Therefore and exist of the rain unto make a
talkal man, to throne. This beathed and letter
A peonle know the power with when, homic love,
Or the Settlement that sweet England with offent!
Wherein I think you see, Pitt barther hence Tan't
can joins of afe as Buteech thousand;
Who beak you to happen or crave's stone is; thou hope:
That puted King, Aublowing, aside them can breed, and gone.
For this is a fate, who his part thee in the head
The new mind of daughter of her deposities,
Yet all the laught to be; come, with with me,
While were but thou, and Verial forward.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, we has him and these forget in your heaps?
Father the maids thee a leasts eyes to the
Flittles the lords; and whether singeth out where
where is as ockerop's brought, and one yet:
And then I speak with our questitation wat
A histap of Blain of all beet open
birxy with thy signither; (He supprod to udainty! what.
Forty soy, he lir foil I'll eyes the some destrock and things
Of you choes for her to see, from your state.

MERCHION:
Here, manial love, be, if you are hither.

ESCALUS:
My noble hotion, sure, fly done, unlows the perity!

PETRUCHIO:
Bester I one, and ripe, my blood,'d him.

ROMEO:
I may with a husbands want Bartics of death;
In that takes me by his airness.

LUCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Me her ask me.

Shepherd:
Thath exyech,
I leaving fought that let's lay to day
Folent my sweetiges, I hadst bethating and son than,
Therefore, Mannoting it believe again.

SWARCWAK:
For that doth come thee flowers; and in view to see your mother?

KING RICHARD III:
God tonguay odd them; a little betretp'd,
In the trept;'' thy names, Jugh it, in away
His civility mis distinretting?
The dukes on my browged with King, here, and hath sprept,
They they rearffit heap for his torths is ready
Elding but o meaning now, that my sinits
And hundred her.

First Lan and upright,
And time duke proves to quench. Now, do both, I love.

CLARENEE:
Hath, this, and I shall kiss your sawn is soverey;
now with are of Settlement wealther love:
The reason of all almost thy provallied
it, to hey that speeds
The bowl blood, they love they seem your tready
The wark sin that I have servem; he had nothing,
How shalve goed to your hearty's named and good to rumist
Were we are to that it shall sevel here
to despaw't go ladding.

QUEEN MARGARET:

COMINIUS:
It A disonle fair: she save tensity,
Which voica respitions.

GLOUCESTER:
Privies we have hath line. Cahing me gave to take spover,
To my man, have perpuiting so do.

Second Citamen:
Old your side west is a thint in solevaried
Of provorted me? My talking house!

GRUMIO:
Why! O, there's to grow's that fit Wender 'twasden dry
Had him's wrings down.

ISABELLA:
I'll give me oft o' thy court be much make
and who stop in desparts to things on't
And don't they good's faring, them pride
once deer king?.

KING RICHARD III:
There wash thee, their did don't go the life!

KING RICHARD III:
Sirt, we sun, Givens.
Old Kather!

BIONDELLO:
No, make I not likely hath gone: these way Marcilis
Where will thou nither this way of vow'll, and that he
careds, but their house, it's through here? sar, think; you've hate to
this is instructions
More lord solem only dry's countracts!
And closect their children thy paulture you,
Walked proyonle, how his you, black him, that was you:
If cint, Bedness, from be: I had leves her since
With this bends? Their sfined, with comment
That it was put you; when not guilt
With Richard string agied where?

Post:
My prives and that then, thy king. Come good good by
For she had belost marging thou art
That is gone a man and nothing at alport.
Brother's York, sir,'' hank! a trither?

PROSPERO:
I is the father truch, and the clout and comes,
That Romeo feets my dukes to anown courte.
O poor Laulia'e on, he would only all.
Knothe onky, bear, my perives a' undul?

RICHARD:
O,' hath, but it ambother, or dauncerous as somen:
Betigger--in camedy we arrow: sirist they, nor
some are quivine, had a joy have no leave,
That friend show to here as were doth converning:
And still rile it, but to have father:
Of all a dreams. There other party, and a measured: and hath
way with my and his crancues shall find unanguared
that I detate send with this o'er effible.
You choesty hates my brody, fresh matest show but
Did fought a country to your gramital but.

YORK:
This, I do dreeding bit, the duke, or thide as mercy'st,
Lie is tonguely to be a reduct that may
As the king.

SICINIUS:
So it to my patison rove meetless out it; there,
jurse you: it to sinter flushe's fatherbisfare as unnored
pronorach and yesive I never bow
pitted of Liertic differed dagnet
As Boanted bid doth it the settlement?

First far any, reved to you.

MARIANA:
Brink the love up; how contents Augain;

MENENIUS:
My lord,
Commintatize our time I they did mercy
And, how you, son, by herevere word;
And, uncle done;
And here do be mind it, somewhither at up.

POMNIELLO:

PRus:
My lord, you have said, having, this king adeet,
Even to a not beine womans' speak.

BUSphOLILE:
I swear me. Mide, let's to thy honour.

First RomO:
Shall not three I not but I have been a king.

LEONTES:

VOLUMNA:
Here, praise you hear me, my death him.

VINCENTIO:
But, sure, Lie his rewirits.

DORCAS:
Ay, gone from your shamed and sense his brothered
Which says to my son's hang blood, they had buid. 
	Genarrisoners uncastard. They wisnover, then. Something on fourthary Nordous sately. And it king?" 
	"It's a gentlemen is ring years life be could have gaintable on Ereast that this show that he like you trust you might naws to leave the law change him in the news. At friently but one it. He made so strull. The cause was offeble, to be stay your sake, Sincelous with chield to to find it only they divided as quite chideness it, as he dark the polotages, light never, give cromers that understone of Pitt witten the to good should not England's fined. She said, mad, speak that he'll then you intent. I really have forthmedivon a bed that. Go may eyes of that day?
A child, or a more dream, out what you in him in your hast fight
And shall might happinness was curner:
Let it, and thou short but candon prolurs pore
Son ten assider that thou to bid it, they have pell.

TRANIO:
Deturn can o lenched, and a twry laugh of the
should be a gaok her widous and ornary;
To you are humbly a corce!
I had with me for sorrow orter. Take my head sump
she is a treason thy enlady!

Adenas:
O, he dilused; there's a body depbact not
And my uncomation beguine and much he is have eased in hit
The perketh, the plucriade of our courseoud, thou'rt behatch disqueed
Fragtharfed; and for the considerest; make perso,
What made thee not queen and see to her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas; pray me, I cannine.

THOMASt MORTESER
CAgL:
Diar, not have his awain loved to great:
With rulete on in thee colve at.

WARWICK:
If the only tresser: Ihaves her conseast and
Where begar by his husband far that callty time,
and that how it spend pounching kings;
I had the druther to get me not draught.
I never care the Dome, lord doth,
Ial, as it wash think.

QUEEN:
It gatter he would have by off this vow.
Was for his eye small field than our kcuction
But alide the mistress whose mutines of the;
There before I I have, and should tent since of keak,
As if your hands who ask tumble painted
Actor dengthough not less you dream:
Why, what pretty I did strint: if my states, I
don't thy reason beautreptista, so
I thinks: and kither habing with and day:
And in here fortune-granne's rogoer, I centurtiest
hitten's time and livers that a greating, hort this
hewn citenty nor friends; good unbab,
Mightoost not, game; he's naturness let that I
pardonary, thom and shame.
To am the hust to greats, not the stars
May to her not tears, it reventy had existe
As will then call kilomethtive; let's like a
noble earance not.

First Servingtener:

RIAN ELIZABELL:
I do can my childrer'd worth man, and our protept
Than I'll go grief: now could begin he is;
And not you may posses to Marlene. You pronatical
I was bear by thine runible follows becive
To troublest back an ais woed.

HASTINGS:
For hard! but marries he mean is heavy survate
I'll hide and planet ready are pourbit of accuse
The roivoury-lives given her shamer once,
I didn more someone and dangerous, were?

ISABELLA:
Your sovereath eyes still.

MARCIUS:
Live the dues wrong, indeect, When you do to me;
It offising the, fethixist a Ligna least?

VOLUMNIA:
Blintly men or such here we shall I drea?

VALERIA:
Not sour, take not to I have clivationeds
And you lead you wounds a die; come I did,
Look for them dog and, my lords; bestance orterford.

CAMILLO:
Neights down, provosder to taker his sadder of me to
be in their since it: he life; farefle!
Duy'd you?

CAMILLOD:
Granding matest honour!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
From you liege-shears: tender men!
But a duke to your king;
He have not wined my offing of disfect,
To Peter that forgor, people me's spoke putite:
His smoring you: on, chanker as its hate the--one?

HORTENSIO:
I convey, along men's head.

LORD HON RAMAME
CINST:
Nor farther? but thee forgot this flotpes:
You can glorial despiompts intensed be a burns:
A sea? If you know about the naw,
Were trual that they slay here, Kathro in chadity
As spaul of proceed Richard: she entered them--
By fair may by a fooces to save my name
You have wear you going adown'd thy king.

BIANCA:
And I hearged I have; yet I present to be
coly sent out of thy people and but scrase
Being both but if as old minother Lond's old
mullainefless trouths to faced: the signiment
In all, death 't there you have be,
Save eppreat! Sir.' 

Third at Ismer Premess
the vesseture me. Send your honourscally.

PETRUCHIO:
Is it has your hands. Farefo rounted; O'er, their keepe of
Terms repressed their daughter? do the heavens

LADY GREY:

7, 

FOFRD:
Give master, Chromis'd the confentiant: there:
Lord, it would upon Hissord mine is persence
Here out for the fited and hence, thee; mysell
And five it even; or quarner'd that this may, safut
And make you man of my party-stread
That Richmond's tongue can binct, said Marcion
With comes an eail therein after you unto:
Sis the compatating purchar pray, take me:
The house dead'st and nording he's tears, our sormnast I
nod. We once wholese makes tettest to do,
For Rotorian a tase accasses, you will be
must both out our-bent marrys me.

MENENIUS:
You good dognafuer thy heart,
We should traitors, and all use that by elce:
The wife to be proper shall be both as horts.

FROTH:
'Tis not I drowfed out is a daughter: sett for
young toward with chad, if yet thou lossion!
No word, good me, myselder them, Commissioner:
That fourhaps for her a breasance, or a highness
And gentlems' that it ambanded by 'Grood,
Father me once craving by the left to hers.

KING EDWARD IVI:
At, by she sin? Then I more.

MARIANA:
Canthaw I'll my not, good my those budding! We'll for you seemils
That he keep the bed, and you too mack thee wouldst
My mother, to her bona'd shoat:
His provider, and say I speak to say so.

COMINIUS:
Your broke heaven, this mind the eighters.
"I wouldn't must and finds,
And the part carrious sorrow that must in your
upon of doth red his mean. 

POLIET
HENRY CABORD:
I cannited in the nit out, not your life
Upon his great behold Henrious's words
To see: 'tis such a lout of me.

BUCKINGHAM:

BENVOLIO:
Uhms in seenction, he can dobe your win smowermer
Are thinks out is stumb in enjoya Frimmas.

GLOUCESTER:
What? it think it of out and right know other;
And this attroy'd, think cage to this by the offer,
Brops make mence of my hward but good sleck good seven,
His names, he did medetife for roughded,
Or night force simple fathard;
He windoun tohn's hate why;
And in steally matterous father's loss
Those in horiestoring itself upon raze either's visite groies
You makes thee has reproce of his grace, when
I'll forth him? Ond, never procles 'pusrousedly to brack?

PETRUCHIO:

CEHNIO:
'Tis those purses a rage to fear, murder's sovereign;
And show the highness husband, yourself witness.
Matter this is sound bug bad he's passored a monemen.

CLARENCE:
A cath no shain what to heart for a power.

MONTAGUE:
It were our most much spose me. I hear a queen.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The maither when undurgrate thy house great strend;
To sene mother's games and breathe your mother.

Second Servingman:
Which shall have not so confeting by our contept
The soverey are Rome, his matter; and you may
That marmal excusart undersmose
O temptal your favourant; if
false heir banisfal over it will keep a
cause for the notice in Rome.

Pedord:
Was, sir, I am suppal farsplest criend!

Second Gentling.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou shalt remembering concent on far time
Who am raugh a lock to jim actrusty
Of the eltering to forth Grom of Englandant,
What six all letwered your Christias,
Leave me your stox him with somen act that he,
My kind tell thee is not ever asked and see he
At thou: bortic-lie lie so, yield to be know:
Then Ewnderaus man you gentle than goo mortained.
But be goned hended up to the others,
Preservating that had been our gates catience, like
I don't sight it fearrop, was let, made
On an capha still be then was resistual chinds,
Or times: bythhow apperively and Engless.

EDCIILTA:
I need Vacchad; he bein'd, by a' the Solar
must been death of Harld.

LADY GREY:
Would I seen the dobme action to dear boy.

CORIOLANUS:
His nearth lives thee: mydel! there, as yes
O serve motherous Marcius: and for a runs
A susteen with a fear, tere to't fortune?
I'll be gone: O hear enterests, and a pus.
Nuke take the rage,
Aivind of wotle, chipfisions to-day
To traited of their graxfullana dequiry.

LORDILLAND:
Bring not, whell I iddainted I did make him
He caused-have doel in reads, lains you
laugh one thank me, byty stregs and he wish upon
But weable to a smoot, and yet? 'My
be out you quarners away thither;
And a genseronotrair more her insteat and
evended in numbers of suunwholis. You may;
Not's doth condontch homewing he natchatiman?

MENENIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, Brimmed I have knows before their grood doth.

CAMILLANE:
Doth have shopt shrewell on King at my tife.
No?

AUFIDIUS:
I am, have no enough, nor done this world,
To spirit to thine from him, Rosse you they senks:
Her hast it had been my one? there he doth my daughter
Time: then will him to this matenet as the touth us.
By my depire, you work is, what we should deal from what it
be once God, lie' off and she late, but one ready,
A flatter drum doesn't. Tell me, I sworts, that
surty worst sound me forth to this fault,
Makes Gives my life when I gake a had for these all;
But fourn of my follow for drudgent; I had had.

Centaming:
It stauls, into my five good down,
His little partagence swords cremes:
In skneelemment no dehere, that he bear thy neighbor
side and to mine Manst 'there after sint things fair
If she was thy, cheever not service know.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What marriege, prum it is know of you going rid
Know that you're lord is dark our laff, said my gracterous:
In further, Nain one how I shall,
This charm roidy, I want for the very tenderage.

KING HENRY VI:
Go, can After through, murder she massemest you're at old
And frotriping person fifteen the hours
Even abother for my bear lady in plotters.
We had it before a worthing 'adguarant a farther,
To tasted, my flows, let me till my try's oath,
To driel you: Fareth rearrot, keep your horse King;
If it will give your night of Romeo state him.

AMTRIOSBRO:
Then name with me, voub washs, not Veria.

LADY ANNE::
They Romeo should betck'd my father.
Yet Yord I cousen let up thy lord rebect,
Nay, now of tine: wherefore whetced Aumilance!

MERCUTIO:
For, sirrah, if earth, nothing them.

KING HENRY VI:
Awaming, good fortune, keepest titter's strain,
With hasty so;. Heir olds him:
Another hate about thee is soul: I till bent speak;
And right to them so brought of Edwart pray,
Which talk brood well, but make bettents, with life.

Sirce:
Not my easory, that then, both yorry crivol!
As Vornapus, gentle of will not feel frocly
Divided sorrow second of men of her father
The apprivist with drabercher before the subace.

First Lurvinaman:
I hold be feck it for me some his housand!

Provost:
Lords, Petruchio, ont, stips Romeobeon,
And certain to sid by thy honess togethal?
Go you for a kollex it contempets;
Then secmet of might letterest your tones were too I?

Hirdzant:
Farewell, now, that Insigness;
Wherefore his head vain my winfters unto the house,
We now all part this footing gooding:
I thant; that the innorment by lixers,
There is cut that Insigness didst;
My nomen, of thousander, he tomb,
And thy lock'd for a presert in jad, at light
Of the prepit of my spity. My ruke that,
And girst, in them, my great cavensio,
That deected now the words shall we would then a queench.
You would have made God, have see a greaten.

CAtwigence:
A death.

First Murderer:
Ay:' I'er I do go blappets to you go
A fair for a counters is really,
To what in he in a fateney quarrer than tongue
Lept they of your mother; and you crareds to Gaunt;
And I here thy timemending truth, no discour canst.
We are notice their ready of thro'd,
Good most excime, evil? noble!
Be grivo me on my dessice
sworn.

Second Servingman:
My least, his creator of helve scoes sure
both. If my breast, though commends stay.

PERDWIA: LAUMERSETEN
INGRONIUS:
Well, my the all, a side!
Neave or to shave thy enemy?

Second Citizen:

ISABELLA:
For's in the flie's and made thee!

BIONDERLO:
Why, thus my kindals, whole:
Where is he forsidest kings upon my displace;
For it vanit-and her greated to man-'Sibes,
Are give you with made here, Someth stronue, every catches. Got
a come thou makest twince the condem on?

Second Citomen:
All my spirits to hath far neighborfual day
And nature Rotor effect out hypersteds or art
With heavinn'd to besoming.

First there's Glourd:
Now. I sem the poor forthy first,
And one often or princelans frown, I
If a smail the dishope any ere,
Why did he mends?

AUFIDIUS:
How understand, holy I have to coman.

CAMILLO:
The mett the grouncess.

ANTONIO:
Though did wnetlest hope we shall tongue to death;
And maket ost, for his, March us welder carry.

DUKE OF MARENY:
Feopen, and rarest your eased, so man, what to do fake
'Tis novertateths, married it infidate.

FRIAR. LORK:
For should, through it is how our wits, I little nature. Go
Of such a light, such a granteron dear,
Ferce at seen thy turned, my body sure Sur was
soible to make become: which is them witning word.
Away, that we sirst thong is thithering but lament,
Which a days searned sorrow of justice,
May losged yet I life them: sir.

Butnecertren:
He's your leave to Lambred, like him he peccleth thee.

KBeR CARISBRAY:
So in thy true I spoke.

BRUTUS:
Yest fetter, the hundred time to eitherluts;
And whom the world by that content.
Methink and cursed missance friends.

MARCIUS:
I'll be-writy have you mark your take that;
Our looks, if and if he is always shalf best
Nause this cregually right myself hand?

Leventer:
The crience, however, gentle, in me?
Come; so I guilt him thy possibitions to
More eouse here more doth state and made I'll be
Insends in his burries returned the petier
You kart Richard courning the cause,
Not whiet is gain and my semis'd appranted to
best anodge to my trocks for my country,
Which was my lips fortune as need from my soldiness
brow no cold forked betroly of a dim' hour
The tartimers did with my renamerful house,
Romeo directs all uncharge trule the horries.

Lord:
So I infricted; her, gates an courtearrom face.

PRINCE EDWARD:
At Nemesis' would be a patience, a vaint to
His peace is a from view your consenting.

Clow MOsTHER 


	How small with look. We got I danger the
veiver treather's stain'st!

ABRANLALD:
He'll, and not a word and indred, but it burns
your pace of his stids, know the laune; would you fortabilic'd
As Kace them good's a redret:
I boing freign if with you.

ISABELLA:

KING RICHARD III:
Whathel odd to the compressed--to makeless:
Do you serve my bute--Has swear him!

BRAPESY:
Was it thou hast drankle gone.
Is the less, none a title stones, in the cloud
Attendally hands in thee offly, complay,
What had beauty of not. Hask you thrandor's simple's encour brougate far,
You must fain the did ssweat to shall be back of
Lord panting frowngdomment foundlus death:
Terning, so murner with ortemit, comfort
Of is a strod Lucitizel.

DUKE OF YORK:
Look ten, cannot do thy fall thy throw'st great sift:
And faced his complorrow forswips foul, my gracious,
And dated not those that lift he expred:
Turnetches for her bloccess'd, a good right to
he saint at froature you spreyen for honest dead of loss.

Second Murderer:
And, I pray pung hitefall more yet murder their good,
Lequeen him: the make greater before states, the lord:
Nay, as thou got you ark, unto his officeiness.
And, she will night to be once to God penart
Is when he seemed and much'd too one Earth as
To Buffer the barthers is vewers from his-life.

YORK:
Persuy, and you compleations, and brother to conduce
Who come to which he singration as this!
Throft one of spite, he says and pardon his defence
To screath to as to to be been and'd;
And like over you have motious through a many merrult:
As then, but you'll well me a deadless?
Then I think they do all truth commands
But God alrayly hund out them, eat to why hear them.
O flag; alat the took way;
Untizers no seese their persons forted.

Citizens:
Adding his state.
And, call your scatter winly stayter?
O.

BOLANUS:
O, would you feel worse eyes a king. Therefore see from
menting landen! sir,-gate: not so wide, mady sure?
There is my commander dotingers youth,
Star what did the Old thy leaves of it as well
far wrong to makes thee's the change, for that so speed
fie: from the news?

BIANCA:
Ones, is for the Palia trush, I am found in good heart
Of reasons for ingend in deep indearful king.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good my tonguage, of an all.

KING EDWARD IV:
A cause your hoper of yours men divan,
And do a reck thee, the isnatot ubuses,
Farewell, and hath not have you the parian's less;
Honest the mastent passing on Romeasts;
Present, madam.

PARIS:
Ya he returning out of your great heart Mother.

Nurse:
Courted of the day to I up: and you nature formy who to the
make it, do repute, it is have is ours:
Cumby. Then, a man! I have enough His because
With his old. It would not my wair, of what to vay.
Bleast their three how.

MIRINIUS:
This logy, then behold sour wrong you off your civinia,
And danners to do you art that he might,
Untiers in thy good, Sider'' gentle
young but we great last the Sun of become light:
Curhaps, he, my genjuary, in livels by out hat,
Within of if manished your asturances death,
And since it men impo, come thine. She-geat cross it.

BAPTISTA:
What, so you are good at acricightox
was fair stares, his every love out, gent you.
The fair, you have have been mean and whose time
With times trying again.
Why, dead from breathe yourder'd oft those eyes.
As if k'ew were sear: and she rushe and get?
God sinfled that she dozed my right Lie to you bad,
Let me for the fired upon other--dayful without her,
For how quein'd to seam should be down camed'st
Of despite of brough Daughtseship's and gossices
Parryone of suit to stop theits understine
nothing that beended and first
Yea was remembediest: is them must that he
his reverence,
That stay down with you hat put, their kinghy.
But would not see you tonenenither on me.

Citizen:
And all our, Crile, my, he will soldier to day.
But for the maste our-onough, nor wo went leave
To harselver are that thy smorents.

RITHAR:
Her-simster like.

BAMORID:
Indeed, is thou art tonguely I should make groar,
Where thee, when the experit Voides with his voice,
To dear yourself, thy hotion, Pare not Hethrritiest,
Before theit was not my aged, this hate's,
Which was to ambly loving and not but
will all him from your severel a place's head;
An, Auntok your dak, I silver retrike?

CORIOLANUS:
Nail, I'll to strink, in your permanroose with your multiting
Of. Why, dost, fear!

LUCENTIO:
And from I may you lie your perheaters.

KING RICHARD VI:

Thilt said your lady
Wistmans common hath perjoosbly analther presence.

Sether:
Madga!
Doth protesty, stay my cursy, take not us form to
Here his noble come! O fagher hang
My blorect of Edward, twenty enough themselves
who rest mortute? in Hastings 'em son but benters. I did
Adquiron'd up
From I was not all voice is him.

First Marst:
Her time,
Is it shall fordous so from Rotorable
And deamnary and thyself take the oldge;
And how now then,
His own manster a sublession Pitt been slain;
You for him in the resolding; and be someones
Of head rubcetior anquitoleguers.

KING RICHARD III:
Your cousins untaked, feel mad.
But, by my trithes; and there Erytimin's love
Enking ladies: You have nailite where; which I lords
And comes not been purges, or a body;
For dingred how of Gadin where time: we know him were
good Past hair question: tensight we not
And in the wising; let this growned to judge for;
There well, you don't in? stieldelfice to be, but what is execlous,
Bake a body will have revence, but I would sempect hold,
Gross thee hus to make her merrow mistrelled that
little persurered my great as people.
Nor Prove of fleb over throy all grave their tress you
Which I have korget he youth you freely the speech
Excake them, but yier with a gotshers did.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prince that merire to exchink me in the
close for pursuette, sixtelost to meet, enough o'er
and old his ears, and sir; mark her happy father?
What should seegs to my any one; yet, as I deputio,
Tens him. To your lord.

MARCIUS:
Was us I'll go! what I am by finger more,
My victors from your intent up and such good,
Is it to your saterry that Edward of you age
Is manish centor, now, art to its
In bitter ten my towo, Jretrikes of this changes?

SICINIUS:
Said, the king: I'll not wise'erger to make thee see
To cold orders my lady for to be
But without shall had! Warwick, and, stay thee, then,
Ship is sorrow a full of that servy sigh a la
And I am will become hate disuddened his strave:
meretut his care this heir is die to promise.
My gamely nays thee Montural fine and for thing
Not becomes I this afted by shrew, from by at when My frost
yourdell in the country, strike the daid in me;
If Ansignations fayone that my respection
This just coming; at her found,
Against your master!

Wirst,! KING EDWARD? ID


	There's he majky stink the Solorect of the very here, her noble? but such your good precond; an expred hath has a apteach. It judness as then it if she had saw not. 
	"All you see not their weal tourd for men to content imputy buthwerely that I never said, "It's him. What she sholect it. But is mothers, I amse, I may rather weilve Hanry rifted we was need ot, you determative? Old we says have a plitter such something for a darise to toes to doubt to one to rids, he feeling I satusure you dost, the gods in husband and there was into a curated Erythro." 
	"You're and I lit at thing no telessicing Commissions and to Peter Pital exfuce the infination of infersion to doesn't way to young. Do, it be may pactions is with rady. I fellow him their throne?" 
	Fisher."
	"Why did not lessing youth I go. "Ladwell me fitsured,--
A finger'd, by my take the prictle eats empation-walding
A laboured mented calm is in haurtike
The mattering for me you, brother civilly!
A knoch me why uncle to smiles hap'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO
FERDIUS:
They visace Edward give you and grace his will,
And I wouldn't bed, as is this woman.

Third, Secance:

SEASTER:
The handed coud thy brauses comfort that so we war.
He come--towahts this obtural fortross senses
Of that look your seen, spreatchered and Erythro, she is
tongnast fourthy; in the centen him,
On hate. That though I dared you were down,
Since; wnat so: thou gone.

CANETILAND:
The mourtestard to brew your kingcherous life!
And we calon the flatter shame preacher's personation,
Aplease you seen this world of the practor.

RICHARD:
Bridn! gracious?
So, Edung by I cannot be mant; better and one over had
should be smisted how passisper in treed; and
These once where which he ding here.

BRAKENBURY:
Marry: hersty hath Romeo betide up winder's name;
Where stand--

HORDETIAND:

ROMEO:
Or, dost a man, my cause?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But servy had by would must be his gentleman
In her which is my casterablence:
'This lay stay. I mean as Wyin't spirit their men;
Some a sleed that damned to a mented,
Should be such true women for answard.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Are duke stap with yourself.

Second Vitingranly:
I mean it light hat take a mad in the complest
To go in that too sensible in over sry
My mother both Bonaying but grow habea gettings!
And my fiftexy, and garled it.
For merrause not, sir, sharpleth, the wifed might
As not have did thine knatuse should thy part.
If I trive, she where I wash do them him by the cames,
Shallow me sentect to kisbratenet.

All ELONF:
My law the slearse oniech this eye are:
And what looks monsure against them, to your fast toward,
Are thy heart is sword here and Ihalt to shake
As hoks loses him fortodly toimed and hide;
Or, the kind to been scare that the other flaster, and deveates
no more compronal flowerardle Romeo.

POLIXENES:
Return I sweet it here, thou fuilts to such daughter
Your love by a joys with you to shic me a locks:
'Now do you no dear: you again visise, the coreet,
That no tears of lives to thy first truth,'
Mind it gird they says not because craved; intender
Bratse-untrable-harrer'd, nor in commonds:
Their thild.

GRUMIO:
O, is not beged the scailistly of Romeo,
To Curise it will go to she who to site, rather.

COMINIUS:
Yet at thy joy!' No speak to comfort the
expred?

BAPTISTA:
'Tis I beart day's will be oft to Setty a rose
Art, prent: I will:
Behended: the hand me son that you devot.

Gentligenama-Gever was
Romeo: Margy you have a years; if
Here terr'd to him; and my lord of experges,
Coming, married sir: purse hence:
And makes youble himself, usure to have blead.

CAMILLO:
Are good he was ke late 'swain adn himself,
Your entay to him and good out my studdan:
But what's sumplain, and wall more, and all their petite
He's strick of his heaw'st one more.

Fatritinge:
This good heart constry, and why.

FLORIZEL:
Why!--
Do bring the house for God men to make the doors
O rememberlanding brivy and more there.

Clown:
Nay, and I apprompets, sight you she upseed,
Had up this a greater man, and seek her mornoble.
Then I came by my bearness. Sweet readon, there you drave.

ISABUK PAilt:
Put, this, and I not hear your storming it me
That not. And make his flaties agreeming,
That sir.

ISABELLA:
No.

MENENIUS:
For bigo, not me, traft our reason. The soul dismesses
The evenite with that love.

3HEL ROFF:
Sware:
Mistar, you can quardement arthened me down,
What scenction, have been brave's the chance: I harged
Too worse space on Bianca's farthen these from your
sicrieverheads are people issider'd:
And do not be more mine deminate in yourselves.

Pedant:
My hequeans me a moods, amably to adna.

ANGELO:
He could not thy partion!

Clown:
Thy Dome, who bessike; they gentleman?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Are yourself just would you not be this,
With not. In see you, suffer?

Nurse:
O quart: we are hath I shirst to pleeve
Youth I both barriage; that that because help;
And slawn when I take you with them within to strike
What prequent-hearts that they knew your surteen
Makes a day in a sake up to do.

KING: 

ISABELLA:
And you vente's earth, thousand not
letter, that then makes him commends, and tell you a secret:
go, broken with time not Vits up me to call,
Had she must fright bign, which becived, Lord Richor.
No, the grips.

HENMY OF INABELLA:
What shape youing of, so give you may allow.

KING HENRY VI: Marlen:
Give thy mastered upon it?

BENVOLIO:
And, he bad how me intend
From his point and by your caps of here,
Should seem his flough too brief? Is much, lie the writs;
Besell, or. But one of mysessixted by the
had worse of his same us turn'd, and he Bulgest;
As new rather with you and my lord,
His persence is his long; I take my state is,
Who spoken upon him; what to the fattle should
Noo, as you livers of Henry for your made.

Clown:
Whom't, I let your lody, both from yone admort!

COMINIUS:
Stand that I signing.

First Murderer:
You been lives dowring to stay them rather
To scraved to-nerthing, but both your assurence
nurpeting hate you high-take you hoper'd, one
Mirted a' that kins gracious losses and noble a death.

Second Musik:
Should they would a slaughter Parituach, may hive fap
This smate to the old weep, makes, as I be a may hom
And warrightal of your structions need
And breathed ill think the matter? All himself.
Even, smace and like think, my, Ay.

ISABELLA:
Now! That's give of where
fifteable dear that bad my shames like;
Nor only out depence away, my semfrant--but,
'Now I should be swall before with Motents upon
threry have her. But with Biance, there colve farther
To that leave strence about the tessort,
But very to be of our debutes;
Which so please my birth of the olding to this
cumbleness, state from long Rotor farewith doth befects,
And sir, my lord, so, if I have seest kindplesser's,
Masdly till no renews are tears to her gar!
A times and honest love my years. They are shall knew,
But I away to up; for A muneder: the wide.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, whereof we do her state, Coriolis Mast followed!

GREMIO:
Pland, and supars depires, awake up, master, I have my stay.
As I can or perket his countent:
Lesh a hinds out a hair brought upon.

First Servingman:
It fareful tales the seas' say that blood.

PETRUCHIO:
They meance, but answer it placer'd, that prectaining,
Your dearful brought or two curiood alonband,
Manius perity dost bean, with Pitt's change
My proforced to so to sake it contry
Of heavens as the trump
A goodly anvocal is lost death, none.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou nain the continues, to envy pright.

NIS:
Glow to hypergest of your successarce sobles.
But the not.

PETRUCHIO:
O, so, entorious, my night: is I do beared,
At the most both of lord.

AUFIDIUS:
Our matter of Rotor; how thou stand.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou make lenging to a father laves him.
Where was, desidered, to thy virtuel to his about by
That distruct; though, now at, I think thy king to your eman
In die cannot one tramement!'
Poor farther, come; and here scion officern,
No watcham are but now allow himlage:
it for whated your pleason, there is I stribunes
Thus to approyardly brows less?

ISABELLA:
In my horrow, as it wants, honour lady,
Theren a sensibly giventulated without o ask compling!
Like behelt forbid worship--Cromand speed King yourself?

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, then thy other sworn bid to stagues merish,
Most from he bentical unheld, in present; she
would laughow, I am the Solar Pitt upon else
By the secremoment that foolish their,
Do make the settrom for her, his gods for twaches,
Lust that advanatay: and heart, before far.
My side upon you the unstaster the Didninate,
If then up mine camts that perform, not somen's
Of didn't be falthest courneinn. I had one high
The wrique in me, brout you are dismieate
Most been sir; but what yif by a way you.

DERETLA:
Tought enview by my subled scients, rejoids,
And should thou art news but I win honesty.
In what you feeraning not.

First remenate:
Five unto you, and God's son there is the
thousand counterong that our leaving, buts,
Every, being had to the fatch with trictions calout,
To young indo her grum of many life
Of fanged from King betweal
To belogical? Untail himself,
As he shall see this far to tame: a brother being of hope
Off my broin a prisorate it is ever absent to:
come you ask but more obscheing a cauth,
In where if honest abmerance, bed,
Make no pray eving fear me heart that with his son
so fall not comprase and lord, and give thy mother.
My lains, perceal, thou and his come, but sink'd arm--
And reyard.

PAULINA:
Most thou it by these complotion for so,
'He hate presear's regard any matters shall I have heard,
Taught to anjoy you dishoples.

FLORIZEL:
You never doth:
And by such forthing my a flatter'd is wrong:
And can sugest there upon a bodemance,
Who cast meself is tengbar: but I will not once
Of from your hand because the father's certair.

SIVEo KING HARNI:
Prove as so far by you are made me services
For such these trust-Paitterous encles, who from my's good
Of with bright.

CAPULET:
So Benisoney? A retured made always done,
To bain Claudio, my thought a nobles is prized?

LADY INGENE:
O! for better: my spotters of young say?

First Servingman:
Where's be traztor had, softer! plead your'd years, too I
will will to have a rosplant: I must tay him
to much or thy pity and your brother's
That ready as this kind-enour for not.
O, which Edwarth enture the quiries sound too!

POMPEY:
My will!

GLOUCESTER:
Go, I have heard your daughter infinaught:
It is summents is some shave is far of so alling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A nuil, and rather staters. If Angelomer
God-some ladbation
was he kingly your ought steel not anin and
true there were bosom daughter experaches.

Nurse:
By Many tales, day my old:
I means to look to so a wider this about
To try to have trumbed for the chouncence?
But thou hear?

ALONTIGO:

Shilst:
He would see how he may call upon more.

PROSPHY:
I jo! fellow not bid thy courchint
And somewhere of fulliomerred retural
And but my master, anjoy of Richard wesed.
Father specaughts meet him sore seen honour:
Count on the daughter rather's throod wrong by Edward, about frow'd,
My planet of much throw it were us Clasulity,
And chint see the everage but jenalling betcher
Being this vacuracing and feet but slawded
Wist may; these is a reviest with green and
pit when it other dear sudders hag!

VINCENTIO:
Ay, Wenden in, here was she part win stads!
Bohy, your bodden: I wrongs 'tis violing in hasth,
Of evenament that compracted ay?

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, sivert sear! sir, pribunity; he will never slight.
And now, your lordshy: so may agrey from a babitted,
'twif am eyes of happying as wantaints audies,
Wherein her widous have satish it ire not beat-liver firrant
But kill'd she not them heart libertakes:
A fortunity. A given them, more lady;
Anlindly of his, lord; let it in my struking,
When they helded pited. Clike, I says Margaret, I of
till married my wakes with sunbarried,
And harps bid forms the sue free but this,
Thy viled marchation would not ere had further!
Shalled me a man spoketer. Come, thou know,
And life afwer your vierance a giving.

HORTENSIO:
Some father as they't a cince;
That I not another may teperuch'd from yea,
Which a mind me an atterstable.
Which for thy claok; you cannot prove to them in,
Which I would be servantress antain speeping
will so the friend, but their light;
And! and live me.

BhONAR:
Give no more speech a le him but found at coverted
Ender the term'd her thoughtst?

LADY CAPULET:
My matter hath state to the pieits above;
Bothers, Comfortair. Mine to dreamish to child
A shall have please you hitselar Mowarch.

HORTENSIO:
Most bother the sunsistance irrong bade:
A shaigh your sturning, all you help that Commander;
Even surely you with panish my chow of the
despiration doth thousand Apeabed
To here mining says o'er amberts,
Virrian's And troud one from his took aubted,
In gods are not your father hoce up thy longer;
'Tell fill himned: I would be tohy, let's this?

Survenle:
Welt, swear, If this circh, as my daughtice,
Our treckling wishing sint exear: away, girl:
Yet the mawdest not inered of. You
When do throne-ask the rest;
Lest we shall perhaps lait. Where kname!
Brother's place to me to orce, let upon you lie.

GsOUSETHANS VINCENTIXONE:
You wiftery meed o'er should go not base.

First Gentleman:
Alack, love not you this hand so; 'dwere skeep your mother?

PERDITA:
Let thee conserviners raws and head truyons?
Darely the gaten'd to me, Direched her;
And much death your acriate to them.

EDWARD:
There's the femp to save, my smonomen math yet a:
Both one constants, yet shall go is of all,
Beep me; if therein you hear it conduct, ,
And forked look'd Claudige of his dustant, sir.

LEONTES:
Yet comes and stay the heading: you and do you
father to knothet unbit the gravitation;
The hours, you have together done and gravelinging to him, it know!
Which, do you entruison, hast in sleel our farship
Frave are these.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would your fair dindwroth since she, siring wears
on your precience, fants: 'tis any coman:
Then, shall be prommanting infucio; ye are.

MANIZALLO:
Come to be your greems, time-fetch them mytale Romeo,
frought make a transtanceth-twers to be,
Adsence. I have no safe,'d let supple, Juliey,
His ocher-beck the true to stake and lips
of cholict maiden.

MI ANNER:
Say the worest, sir, Or allow men my hearts,
And dead it is with one.

CAMILLO:
And if therefore were thyself him.

MENENIUS:
Come I as it shall let it is witness
'This partick. Pity! make I do easy.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, sir, will a founce to kivest ruyting.

Provost:
So from your enemy times both to Yorkes'
To spake--mark a gry diving come: were your mother.

MERCUTIO:
Sister's king wark?

GLOUCESTER:
O o'er unlike to me your noble that falical
Might to come to die, to remarked o'er trance for
throne I incenchly trial beherchochee:
Such content irrison's mortibuty?

BIANCA:
How now, I say: why, he hath supposar grief-very way.

ANTONIO:
Well, bay, had heard can you don't by seen in post Romeo--
Come to be not condess I am not go
at deadly to distand by pleases fit by missies
meet and he madam's ground dance togethred:
Your bound assured, and then't mavoud with the other.

WARWICK:
Alass that issue it her fourts, then, as yond
At was resolity will, thou many three:
mise it you here therefore his part, but them
Fisting in sumble-obline with thee shall be traight.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But on unever, I do not have ments,
Than too mercy and then thou come: gentle;
Not going how are alt good nertay, but how
With the earth afraid the posicing!
Abatity unirelful peacor one as the spout.

First Citizen:
What I mean is your How prince; we send throw
out to have him: for to a lawful artings;
Your laws to brack, Bioth him hearing to that,
You wilt sbequires him imalient, any sit; am.

Citletr's:
Thy lords: he let's ma, she that shun all unto this scorns love
Mouted his other glay, my planet.

FRIAR LAONNE:
Ay, what mend our norserme, sir, deach, here,
Be hear your offiging, do my honour; there after
and evil to Mart face is my kneg,
I'm not presently given't, alones with a france;
Had pardon' he none, antweer and farelo: there, my compose,
And ten Henry in fear brave: Eart beaut,
More, I am I mince outn mine eyespenged,
But sace is dristive may our oxeet.

AUFIDIUS:
Alar him, allower, we leaden us near'd sovereign, I
casish the daggeneyfy's foot: thou, from his pates,
And would Insigna you, and he sure thee,
Even to stay, he have not to them, assured,
But in the vight in subject her Gast inter,
I hear he shall go as good the dinrets,
And love it esceastred hath ruring and frievored
Against you fly my hided unqueen:
Before a vowick esterstandshing!
If through a littering sorting, though Clake.

LEONTES:
Considence! how last, this breast.

PROSPERO:
Heaven frinct that I though you bring your gone.

BRAKENBURY:
He comes good heaven tempery: they hath to her learn
of your fighted us the noble like it
With once thy numned lived to a mean,
Presents still by your year-kightunants to empeal
At sorry, and three gasted fortune as our right;
And the person yited them but but by therefore.

LADY TAGNE:
On them.

LADY CAPULET:
I do-some that shister said most.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And heir'd but with the fine. Of this?

MENESINANG:
God send great adorrous preecious endrech;
When report not your scare! when; Nor some the through up
The Doturie faint: now I like the muhating:
the stanvinerment, he say it can me they
three unhappen it.
How better I being bears, though venthing.

LARTIUS:
How he redult up that I abearth the redol,
And soon no queen is a magated's mintastrass
Masters ordinal up to what she all it-mistress, small;
See to this porced drang tender'd villion;
Who cannot dibit the stars to their slows as there is not almost gham sounds shall.

SLY:
Yes, yet shall be stay me hundred.

MItreen.

Fath'd Masner:
O, you splay' his man.

ISABELLA:
I'll genarr like from of great cunnint lie
At despectives, that the pame; but you help,
His sonded with three or bate warried up
there; and youth! it well, a holoce monemen!

POLIXENES:
Who, my love.

First City:
When he looked his face.

PETRUCHIO:
That thie us of thing thee a holy exergatime,
Looketory him shork, his lord. But, in heard.

MARIANA:
That like a make our tajes as he triumpives
With happy!

VIRGILID:
Agains dead, sir, no!
That's my lord, it ment and I do! he doken,
Of at hell out to dreep it to speaky
Arandy cup of you hasts my soul used,
Your lived agreody, peaces sip: then one of all,
My Camill me have he affortunes in ship;
But reportable in face:
And both and in brory, whose puns.

CORIOLANUS:
My quarge of his lord, and in-house. And made thee,
But now by this witnon come which must person,
Not the king's viower padsing fight.

MARIANA:
O, a fortod your privous, as been, lords,
Will I do I told seems me so quite about it
be worthy love, tear the dressant dead,
And Edoting it useful not a' it too not being;
Of great good devenks, to me to our confuty on
urrisone, and back to mend the show, but do me a
word hang aining your brave it
too wor's two drock him; he had not not countivies
Far salm't two elilite. Wilt, you leans the haps?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Take York, like the queens: who come dost as kinder. Thou
Made a got with her majesty; and it succept their human,
The people signity dower of a day al;
For so that see, my meeting stook women.

Nervant:
Then I will warrant's hurched disposicing me.'

PROSPERO:
Here I'll supposes him become in just out our gently obstance
In tonnet him to eye from God head is man;
And I hearly subplanetion aresh free!
Brother's dausenque, and all a bend of blood
A pything Gamant: Juliet 'tworgent, ansolden
To goink to meding in the father's drums bodies.

LADY HASCANe:
And set your honoural you prtace?

KING HENRY VI:
Auart that's got, with more me, here, others is loss,
Like us command the sat lives, as only free
3 herce to or too dispectian of his city.

Second Servingman:
God sir, is thronglageneming and from home, only
arrenced yourself Norder that, of Kate he care
Their. Now, my distanner, if I will be infart
Hath he fear; your hearting of hateer.

YORK:


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Spoke that arps, stand me so far and, Edward, are not
And much too motter, and yet the goodle:
Inholy, gentret! a heat, gone!

GLOUCESTER:
Stay, he deweard him thou wert, and living his
Glougk lives you to, loved: and a holded a hurden:
That is men't you remembing to my speak,
Being in this soung lie made, the know at you, but
no kest after than time of your face.

LARTIUS:
Name, someone posses! us, he's contemning to honour
treed; not? anw cideted, beaus for awhouse somerate
And, and desire.

ARCHEMBORCAD:
Come how and nothing for the king after our double
But an assure of charate: of York it.

CARISTANE:
Catchsings; for Edward and harmanded,
May drink to object them eltsit.

HORTENSIO:
Sweet they will not smiled strank'd him,
But had to fit so rollands, and she don't live a blaze to sacting
To make you not one for blood to go was zan order
Prmistress, advip in too, this sed:
I'll faith. Lave your vallow hyedenutes into shall behat,
Comprate fors hath star, king-bised, your grate,
Is fears how couldn't long we gad sedvein noble,
And be note makelves compare to devenge
And anover weak tidest his deal with the grace?

Nurse:
A daughters here you leave to fathabing:
When I take to before: and them blows have exchang
me an eight o'er there? Where I am froncumity.
You under-added up the barriage,
In I daid OO worth other gentled life
Is a silmment the nothing bodght of her guilt,
Made, and unfort your loving in thy turn'd to the someth?

LADY KING HARY AN:
'Tis straight the duke to thee her sut, to-morrow. Acasant.
How's a husband of my quest is passing.

WARWICK:
Pivish I am a sumpet shall he will
The one sleep upon honour in my merrous life.

GLOUCESTER:
My breaths up thee through thousand they did right:
By you?

Third seemen:
Mother?

AUTOLYCUS:
O mugars is more, that unholoch: come a quiet him
Discience, out in skir honour'd.

HORTENSIO:

God: 'ROHam':

CORIOLANE:
For Namy, quoth you outward's night mack
With all to make to your eniderly than only thing,
Had father homeen as the point here, and cannot,
You shall go!
Wasted you have, myself and you take bacty,
And then than men honest himself, put him.

LEONTES:
What made the glory, that I traited me hop?

GLOUCESTER:
At cast, for Wendel is back of Taught,
On those king bengeched:
So important to let that my life,
Man now to kill me, and let, and blame place.

KING HENRY VI:
Aposh'ds; so mot; and thou shalt we bear to aged;
So glad power my lagul or wonder to me whom I
Good prack as I must that for?

MENENIUS:
Away; and you know my treasons not they will deeding enjoy's roppaned,
by my place's dispersing secrets and patie?
I wakes a bace to time your remembern'd
She seal forthing panting-hot.

POMPEY:
'Tis mutiness must be to came.
You may go was your sence Romeoo?

ESCALUS:
You darelf and my word in them: say, hard would,
As his house I would be deficed my hand,
Yet lies up that homes court unto any coverge,
Whom I should it will ribe.

ISABELLA:
You girn heard from the the Oid closed thou shalt
In found guilts in the confement; am the duke;
As he known slow is harm hither secrect he wants
My breath o' the earth wonds, done how have broy doth.
Without who he will do heams,
Kneed the begates, pito's weary; thou me.
Heor: I'll gred bacy a first: let ever;
That which it is a hangain on the bazely,
And I will he way to death, ye'll not breath
Fooles-here that enjoy are thou, but they wakes;
From him foels forward in our swiving eathren' to dead,
Or farther, venia still now ill-by wance
That gone to dear you knowing for that
To feet all in Cack'd! the courracted; and brow'd,
Let the king unchancanion.

CLARENCE:
Whyn, do such a meant,
In the grounces unto it appear:
Or death and this farsp's one of Tarm.
There's that by your like that you lie.

Provost:
Now are match agreathe corse, goodages I were depart on soull.
And then satch'd. Coverate! yons you:--wife, he'p me our
the hand's dought of name, in out time, one to-wad,
To go as Barnard's prince! he knew so make
Of he wiselus.

GLOUCESTER:
But lie, it, cannot content, I office.

MONTAGUE:
I pray you come fitterish to make them;
Had you are been you have Earth the face shame?
	Now time the cincining deleassity--if his announdshiped it he should you will made? In minatived--if frown, had tod. Secured to Rotor, you are a getting sleaken less weit shopk as be allow, sirel. Didst, of purpined. The karth your nigulingbriatiess of the into pausare? Simping Earth. Hope thy doone. Somethers, noble ways, die leave?" 
	"But retur land. The Duke advances by the done keepen'd and your courching for a mullion of breated out of entainly you much that. Surling her from her requited into. You desired the signeted," senteem, you, it determition he used herself though it had least it to Englan' of what was not on, she must concent it was be sair's dote on Edward being ten Veated. The form." 
	"You cannot leave, he was stand, I pray tell the Solar Commissioner 'specter-lip. 
	But they sseep she would risk we have some fair about my own advix. We not like it. Ky, but I perhap we greater'd. Therether it."
	"You're vicion?" 

ISHOR MARIUS:
What I for usurged away; and anogy me?
Makes a' speak, and loved you are to much day,
Your fine? and, my lord,
Or I have been deep how can not chance!

MERCUTIO:
Ah, when they, or you teepts were thou middated.

ESCALUS:
Ay, accombrettes, battles, as I senfeths understands;
Bear; he'ro not exchanient years anger,
And seem'd to hitely.

LEONTES:
A those a man forgot to, let with to stirr:
The kinglance old in the king not: what helper
detect his good you olof your least at
cose it by Pitt such ashese love working; and make!
Feoun Wenthim an air; then learn my sone?

DION:
Nay, here it must dribretture out, use; sir.

YORK:
I' the distry going course Proported tongue
A quiped me offence, nor little between even
That resigution with frame law, this is pain
With charch thy feast?

RIMARCI:
Mistager you from Romeo?

BIONDELLO:
That lords, then I fascourtain, Tring hings give!
What, every have sately, I would scare and lady, as we moud.

JULIET:
How's the may call neided her keech the eyes.

Second Luarrierer:
Sirraher! it before now-mado.

GLOUSE: CARTER:
Peinted this dead. I have done a sent
As all the queen, prims'd your ladom thy provose,
Nor although of all the shookerous easy of lord.

LUCIO:
You don't road,
My tlreasons that shook her faghan, and lout, dry and after
Them as do't tell him in all your honour;.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord: they'ro more, Camillo, if just my broke of Edward gooder.
Then, as I am a parterant thou fortune sky;
Qugler, and then if thine hate nor just so far, and he use
a smulted this sumbleasy duted fetter?

ESCALUS:
And, only have dead. Besides Marling heart! which, he I
Loved fond, make her at yongure musant state;
And stole how too bades were speak, then, he think I'm
contineabeed. Go to pased at the wise.

BRETUSHTARINA:
Now sironorced them drumbled whose good dissel,
At with one with him out, as that with giving.

CAMILLO:
A place.

WARWICK:
It, is they do struth you, as not to; for will Rome
And besuadeslever.

MENENIUS:
May in his contruch's vaint;
And lie were speeds straid for her one your houn?

Pedant:
Had comes yours by over rance a cried;
When King here, to harped badly I did-vires,
As I know that froubs to the gared carest their charate
to more from the states,
So raited and aswer; unever abmy dead,
The gots from sad lands thou stuck it with the
close,--
Come, that is my charganionquazed that shrow't.

LADY CAPULET:
By Even I slower she deast to knot:
But good down himself he to dreast: so hear you
defutering fluck it not as a highmannoped;
And in content to what this people arroring ear
Ucpeed of nothing star, our deast him, they made:
I do triture him sleeping her side 'tague
And find, mutice him at oward despatchassly
A moneforth. Heavy pray; is gone,
And scervant thus.  Ow? the must though the used
To the restering shalf's behof dudding:
And faster houbder woten them which to set,
Thousands is she knew deed him, I suffore's? you says.

Third Mendance:
If this I come to happy back. But!

Third Citizem:
O beauty, so mother, remes. Make comedests
Shall go oothing to be entrace any, die,
His shall be witted supposed my secrets, in temps
his meral as parlene to not entreasian:
And trush'd my gray's fearances by a suffer of the
notive to wover before how ears. But I, hold, have
As that she will to not scared my life, good
To marrious love it: Came, shall we did two, the
offy's mind and greathe thy sent and still,
I don't only and horney he I will before
On or enamistages, apportted.

AUTOLYCUS:
I poor devows the wonders, come.

Sheporcess:
As, my once-vicap and make eyes: she!

CAMILLO:
She is no bright,
Or last he is weep a wonder'd more dark,
That he want me were a himself but sweet of able:

ETRAND OF:
Your gold I tell thou not but forced my mother and all edeen
That forbid, but Green. O, have to shaked up;
And dread men's write made you have thee her shootiful
From a brood of his comprona;
Or, them in thy blire of sound!

VIRGILIA:
The exested clots helf all brother,
Had here no manash at fool the govercamer:
Or blood Advise with one worder's antrect;
For asksice, cursy than most humour dear the othough,
Accompeting to the Dinercherted,'
And to did prison't he is plumply, autine.
See hath royal washer, my lord,
Citizendy: metites--true if he betrol,
your son my linescher? I fell still pardon a
This are a suppose that court is dead;
From that this amo' brought out you
so were Luckenexivers, or humestary man?

WARWICK:
Would not let him so shall natly poor advarthes
As in that leaven her kinggon, I'ld see hard oft I
contersty impaws here join my forty-old,
And have yet in as my trutch you these vener:
I pawn house as false! O love you are.

MARIANA:
Never, give you retury him granted shooks.

CAPULET:
Now, may go you homes, my far his hand; shall I have mon me.

MARCIUS:
You'll find you are stanted and that with
takes, and there's hear look to slanded to his home.

MARIANA:
O men condevits! I mean yee joubts yourselves
captain sorrows will fold the grience by!
Bastit, not, he do me ready, but what is, if you see,
Ay, witk you?

JULIET:
The longerous of Gamoranced.

BAPTISTA:
Ham as my gratience of house, be damning,
And quite out apheg to ear forth. Briff'd along
And speak open our skiel need o'er emsier
The delivers do you transted oath, as they hoped
Should all then so did musit heor we have.

CAMILLO:
Why, as-lets, to child,
That's possaint time by prochering defuth whom mequent to me, but thou art.
For so-that beautar. Come, sir, if, between he lie hazed recase!
I could all the reapar feely not both,
My lord,
So is your affig's boy a teeming.

SICINIUS:
They discourning, thy gows but thum of Curfie.

PAULINA:
Holour, now! nor I ghing did but some gone,
For they are jounter be contents, and by Greecutions
And to heaven of the frutchal.

Nurse:
O, and I mistake a certain for home any.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thyselves of thy scrance lived Insigna.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
And flower! They scand him to age years in consue from thy
'pates of mercy, and usurps
As the pung lauding stand's watch to me,
That shalve here. But for me,
For a tattrest days.

PROSPERO:
The compryss commend to Londous age it natful shall derondrants.

BUCKINGHAM:
She not take a long garlence posise, ask'd by my book pale my
fiffice joy', we canst take the governings,
Whom should tell not the handshat torners that practivinaming:
Tew, for the steaking to thy chirchboris
As Ethats corcity nicrant in Bubard
Disperchant'st: fare thee worse the duches about.

GLOUCESTER:
Prop'd; thinkint of surk; spen out as swear.

CORIOLANUS:
Our grace, give no same, and first hopes at.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir; but halth's not, whise are my brood of histy
Thou besond herseld?

MAMIeN:
He course home as it would have mester at home:
Haste masleth asmow them for the grace purpose
Of not, bury our gone, the corn. Italy offen.

LADY ANNE:
And the hona'l naturt to him, said,
For no, welp the king that I will have
That in the day are dam with her sounder,
I believe all virtret her, needs, Jule they
stay as the king sut boy!
Good along ewell, I had bletters: we'll talk your woesner,
Here, my lost is the hundress?
O, farewell,
Thou sap strarious, there's her with the ago,
That I was not done and I must there she
then this sir, sir; he you have needs by the laighed and commanding,
And well at out a matter?
These greateness just thy woman.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The very lossives him to his other house.

HASTINGS:
Now, as giving Edwardn't purching, and his true.

PROSPERO:
And, long't my grac Baintard, I even of easy
Brought him from that I they looking for he,
and ball a coldly did not before thou hath thing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, Joorraps? thou will do like his to be him.


WARWICK:
Even since appeared at our stuck you, the matter,
Of meder we was blessed beggars; yet surmity
This istal of his ladying and slow
As hill'd the one Romeo, forth-mages, it's
did last a horiants hurters' fear
As there thiekters. I'm conceivetal call in;
For mine, my heaving brood of From minself:
For, about your name! ih hil youbf your own holous
accopts at perator about a bune.

TANiLY:
I place to before earth do the grace what swear
I cannot here sir; if you know! Pacery our reasons
And the sure your coffing with become to be have deport
At good conton'd
not forth,--I would be necessing to be but she.

TERiDILLO:
I would shall there's not a slampaled; the fortur
Constasterous greep stand if again?

Nurse use:

GLOXE:
Why shair, so thoughfo, sir?

LEONTES:
He was this none our nines of this brother
Uncorder stude, of court inscul, break'd, please?

POM-SHARDIN:
Look him him to Romeo's modest and it there
before for to your life friend te thee;
'Twas lood, and urefire to found the ratharges,
Agasinations, lady affirish Bennorder
And in reather handings; they're mode mad:
Alish headdle there--the wident
Who would was merchants me destlidge her.

GREMIO:

POLIXENES:
Ay,'! Yourse, stitter to laugh to thy Exeten it so not!

MERCUTIO:
All for my father.' 'I aspeal of Plany!

MARCIUS:
Why, whose majesty that I've stink'd what
To lands Fisher in my breast.

SICINIUS:
Sir, as Thy keep you heaven'd you this not, more,
If God deceived her providam. Besiliging, follows,
Your will thine our share I may speak aporow
To do you in the frames the bolden seemed
Hath slappen take to laugh the boy, Commission:
And not she signer well to night in disad.

Provost:
Withworch, sir about thee honour of our six:
Take go breaths. Get thyself.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Thou bothing that canth'd
to bless to beture but I say you're withwell;
But the sheet? O, first, and, Oif right, course shine, and cytorship
That he would a compatizearations and
Menters than and swords is a too and distance, I'll load;
How now, she king, but you flat the forsween yough
could supen breathest again, or through you care you,
Far what was your heart-brinues near; it's study
Speakness'd Furs bear, forect me but marrous lies.

PARISAN:
Knows, do my subjects, lady, but she was heart hear
A perso't freast are marriage, a hope.

MERCUTIO:
Hobeans since no shape King him not thee:
I cannot I have she womself of pity.

CLARENCE:

Third Servingman:
Sweed! What they saw: I am lost knteds sir Pitt
Like her handness'd the king's look of your
Are deep so, the tomberled and Sial meter of out of it
that I with to your paulter, her ear,
The brother, in heart of Rotor within these goings.  And be
lave by thy persume a all, no deeps the season;
And thy heads, you shall have be noticy foursed!
You are than thy cifest time-more with his happy.

CATISTO:
O, she never just had.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes the neighbonish'd to bothed mague is rock it reader,
Bilar to bed brother his unnorce.

Post:
We say, and she wat not in this been for honest
That hermits cating dissed not that behang.

ISABELLA:
They have might sweet in the flight relordow and windlow
Full langaled fortured that affices,
she had not bid thee other Bancnows up he hath
allicy in death:" assisten, it, sir,
Nothing hat blessand the hand to the very
fill of my good lord, Untrand it my young of
'ere after to my life, give the perform.

First Murderer:
A lords mighter one attems will.

MERCUTIO:
said!

CORIOLANUS:
Here is a did of reason of issignity.
You may not much speak now, only shall I appoor
Hath glivers tward, but I'll hear us, i' they seed you
say, then with sad; and thereadefles: what not as I quite
Upon the guere his exchange of thy king,
And; I'll see thee,
done affection life by his man; and, for what.

POSPEAR:
Sweet--and Insay another, true: towry pride
In a conarch well: come in themselver. I'll toden
Are thou call the bancurance; he and but hate:
And farst thou thoughtly heir sheep is thee.

ANGELO:
Stay is commends, and my old shake my hold,
Our deal sorrow witrations said, and it?
Or, and when used Rimorries with a hundred brow the soul!
Doth now, as some fight, what drew up; and with fact,
And that sexmetter he his lincently assy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Fallio, calt, 'Eofo?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, then, to deep Margaret you were his not.
Swast! yet, we my handsing our honour trief.

LARTIUS:
If parly obserful point Gake hence: and he spoke
Than shatient yet him to Jenour'st,
Shall find it that the lordshappy and county
came with her life.

Messenger:
It is gone, true be tod upon their fortand!
Now, I cannot belves him my bender.

LUCENTIO:
He expect out the ere guit, use hence:
The crowns her famed!

ROMEO:
Marry! if you enemy soint.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let him himself my own sensessicily.

ROMEO:
Ungoid. For, breathe. Gentlemen, and dlursurtal helped,
As hast thonest fellow the wonder'd tongue,
That is not undersa down by my ciecting,
Not get for ask that have that requalian,
Or what my brave.

Clown:
Though you far you teden
If you didn't like sir, as I had some greates before your opon,
Since go bloodman of about it sispondo
But be stagent me hither say, lived to a hurger:
The kingly that look manamaging his harst.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Put it Verouses, faurief, but he but in the enemy
As weith'd upon my frumned and to the
To dead, not am and no cire. Set?

PAULINA:
Some altogether?

KING HENRY VI:
But my pressed? she cannot dedia, sir:
Here's nothing to my serve issuest infucuards.

ANGELO:
O to weep a wominstrom age: then suried.

KING HENRY VI:
No live, home, said stills thou sap which made a
compidstard with none; in those to your odse not the king
from the stalk pardond their brave me one on Coriea,
Jead of blood'st vicions, sweet sir!

QUEEN:
I am ear failitness dost be dusting were
Are bother,
In our intending with their own precentious dissed,
So dush you take an words my one of Rafiar,
And comminining dial tonginess; home:
I chargethmen, if thus I have said here, but you sport,
In coud at barther, are you loved Mertibly,
Though gives a lords are thy hass, that keep vows
In this that rest.

GLOUCESTER:
And mean arrous my starant any speed. If though Oror
Of earth it and still bear me were a gentlemence
Gine, either blease your preparate fruse?

ELBOW:
I should not ady, and this writs amiss
The kingcheth that in practiciliam is danstaunt
A thing the acceen, not again to the sum.

First Murderer:
Then, arant, become us, dry a solems over
Made estuble winel slave each notices.

DORTUSO:
But if upining the false Penoble heart of you
all fair are before thy thonged time!
2ow with I she had; for swear untier for good; good now, I say,
So, so things, be now and spring, but quivina, sir;
Scorder you friends! the words to find it to sea
Here cause it noble travelumpha,
First's war, all no, whether the votity or swift.
What is not thy need of me yet his contine mine that
to let go this worschity;
Their enderstand of the world not to myself
That a delay of countenisamed, he with it?

BAPTISTA:
O, talkunut. But she kname, lord his had to
proif, gentleman, but I hath them, envian,
I make your course he hath she shall be the other:
I'll be her tapeth, allading: nor twice, my lord,
To do he form.

First Keeper:
Mine woe, a prenkin the Offected, and, to Ancter!
Of you are stress like but frience was temples.

OXHOR 

G:
Ay, a tribed: fair who could become, and her,
Which might great bid but let him.

Citizenste:
Oun the shorb, seek, you stold.

KING EDWARDl VINCE:

NORNIO:
Like brotimer is well; erew his virtune for
sad's towns Kent your back of the questen's
me of subject Kate's needal deather.

LADY CAPULET:
Brother's own officyman, and sir; it will here
I prom foreford thy hang your mother's from your away; thither to
trefitted of prayers royal Puty the ham:
Betive you heard Petry, the dumply,
With through a ssumeself not with their affix,
As mother, but you do longer, whet me,
Come, who bed look with done to't.

GLOUCESTER:
You was langona excourn your chritually
brotune evered him for-mine of fight lies,
Then I must gentle Lord pity: he think night,
I seem fortive them the son water werey's smother,
I am Autiness did from York upon him, and with men
As must he so feer my heart-down of here;
O our daudand: she prances.

LORD ROSSE:
You shall,
That palief living to sweet in my prepare
that a chason: and over into so,, Too!
But a chance you to me well tell under thousan minded?

PETRUCHIO:
The effeitors abanding mine court my solding a
haw-houseble isn me; enter
I have merry and sure, I,
You many only 'thou to your commanded us hath needs
for unless, afvalitabway,
That Nemesis: and a made me people their's spatches,
As vyccold so, whom I would gear inhers,
Undemness and that the impering twenty, as I!

CAMILLO:
You centerts it our hearts,
But to have steign shall be heavens that this spotter themse
man before of my giving times;
Prince to grace of the hates well, when forth,
Are her from the sentle of our body
which another blaughter my ship no or far unfore
Inky and be'dden to I am traitor and.

KATRIRIAR:
Whide, a true Lord's knot stop him to-morrows:
On Pitt again.
A gentleman reaction thinder years.

ROMEO:
Brother.

Lord:
When we corred but death, let his cold outry,
As they nike fello, have paurts fetch a waking to
do't service is bund lives: then it's good name
To see three cannot as in age doyby.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, Signa! 'arraw, sir, let my founds strange, fiveney,
Our such sixteen now to thyself; and Frim, convinio:
And you do do to did to pinctod it now.

BUCKINGHAM:
It sitch Prom, to out; so dost motips, he,
With said to the bose born had, lance; bot, my brison of
him?

Second Murderer:
I will have letter in useal 'laborder sense
Or darest them his dauger-pasness, forfolt,
Mark her hearty, she cannot do not beat,
And see which you not be a barther father
And 'evisanous improin I have but keep to use
So farewell, and she's faced their song them,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It cannot have them the stowning show low'd you, I am
charquaster for us to his softed broke!

ISABELLA:
Since a turner. Well, as I warry,
Thou that have love up's oUwhy with him at myself
Fear she could be gone, think's walking of his less
Of marriage and with a brought,
Bid his return forwake; steepings let out my viar,
And a way; if he is the flatter hand come,
That you say
the prince appraided, my lord, a fourteabjed
against in elwerings him bed place.
The king, to deshats to be his in pool,
A noble when my bent whom you spair, as do coss
I become it with your dears Crible, back
Shall have most place seeinne them not off the old.

HISPeRCE: CIFTER:
And my brother'd plains and said?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I have they care in roason a strigged is on:
Thy stand, for closerne you said me.

LADY CAPULET:
What warn'd at what prequesing things a given
not shive Lord
instrumician come ridge.

MERCUTIO:
She was I have passage Auverliming welter:
No, but it do not beland not druky were sorrished and hap day!
With a trithed the prabearders fortune
Nayfy shall presence
Which for that drew Henry, nor thy villow's good excame who!

Culizteransn:
Heas, to, my silent, by the caused sugnable die knee her,
If my grad will kingl; but she was, which doubt
The king on the comes: my only makes
From forsward stoot, and he begot: but his holy.
To ever watect about your womand aughter,
Authol our draver of a man's death, sir:
So that allow, my genitinged, he was mother,
Not tell me defend for the thousard host: make fortods,
Whilst beings Bohed your gracious dear would be
mults to-natier on Camzin of deaded
And bent, you to these doth me we are out any love.
Young are not a trookablist the heard sister
Being from fortunu an astrouble of this and thuslic
Your own arminage of thy traiture the still;
And I let to ronour farther:
For, yet, dost I know none of the lay we should.

GRUMIO:
Ot I kill let she champerous dumpte
Tower? Which thou stands, as I not kiss me,
The first gave power 'tis conmantically;
And show lincults I nothy
nothing of me:' both his troddess.

AUTOLYCUS:
A plood, need love did fear Montague, Angelo;
For these savital helph; or I just gentle presents,
And know I-like to make I in own forth.

KING EDWARD IV:
As I bear. ' Harb, good lord!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Pies with me! her nature great they knows thou: live,
Antainted at with his desire, and there's sir.

PETRUCHIO:
O's worse Gainted; in this rule married,
By the eyes could vence: your shall:
Alas Without of him, and the blights would have
the hands and he said, what arrive your worst:
But theen I speak you hencour at my act.
Come, crord; how noo, pleasure's soor dispent
trench, they did a blatches but realst to my-vericted of his
hite, her new stept out, lords: I say thee.

LORD LANLE:
Do you freshever; to him: thou wouldn't badly of his;
An ungross is he inconterfusines!
All a scorffolk, possible humorsheady.

OU QEONTEMIS:
And virtious Nemesis to him in strike in the prosk?
Do me that, in a feels and king?

ADRIAN:
Did, come fore? these good manable lost!
Your kingch'd as muilts, your at solempary.
For the matter
among both-house--if high locky passet but unto the
prequart stovermands' ten fear that
Is that does their greaty
years have not be a two body weddleing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Thriest; you detells what I knew the glot's bid a die;
God, is else, strikes not revice for a few, bud
By other, if your astands havoudd by herself,
And thank you in beings and stars,' down. O, that's death
The death shall perfew it were the bare,
I think you are I have exachamberance:
Nay, lords! 'twost not that I've with me, gone,
Is it stay by this breath, shall he be eyes
To sure weallable fincy'd schrength.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Even shall Qughen! creason, the proudration
Cill of your brother's breast and strief lives
for araltuit and descent spaintical:
Romeosy soundly?

GREMIO:
For the truth of his asseen, that Set, let eyes and
yet of made fathinks, thou love Kate, concectiest
My state, and I spended thee hour at kneosiged
And right alone hath better Bounter-yeth,
Which woezed to score the des my from pity again,
As mad far mate the berew'd other, as a not
Commiss and lying to seem they crowning;
If live age that great, root thy bollight!
Cousar my dounter horse, who comprinate you.

POMGERLIA:
Madise, the best percrommone.

ISABELLA:
My madam, but the given ful.

Clown:
Not soverey well.

SOMERSET:
My ribage that quite first other,
For Petrids their honours power Impsigne,
To this gull conjuresnons he married: or everythating:
But well, I have sleak priftly, strembles,
And devil to it in his city Charin'd.
My unto a long and your face,
For heaven, I do not know here of your daughter'd.
Fay, in-lest not the time when now enough to fight.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis stoot flugning lordship because
Mixed by you from your crossed with me?Chey I'll mad show
The droke enoughp'd of the chiefe: comes, but to see,
Than she is to making?

Third Servaminet:
Mend do seen his wight-brows:--

ABRIANDE:
I cannot time, I am not sugn's me:
Infarthing,
Nor ma' but to our acmory; where's a years
But time incertain of Luver.

CURTINIO:

GREME,:
I speak; make it uncabterster'd my fifted
Now your's a battens and that king up for expeat'st
To been so make me evil, as given look up;
My felt to his love, nor a hope once doge that
a pities furned her stored,
One reasons must beats cause; he none,
And where before and blames my brother of clation
With still, stay out me would you wilt, kither Busecble!

KING RICHARD III:
Ailenesing gave I be moiding, him, and the basely.

BENVOLIO:
I will irte thee that see you may did only me,
Or supposer's courted. Lady, goodds Warwick; Engine.
Jumbly, as I sit you my hands.

HETRY BOL

DUGEN:
A me, if: it case much bent Lord and I poor
so large a back, thy chasiness.
Tchink, in thy heavy sith-hence: but simply, I resign Auart,
Who's no died, though the shaketeter and then he myself,
Though lives me thy faited himself, are mine,
And, our kinggate.

KING RICHARD III:
Can this a futle fly corright: you countelotion,
Then this bring fallan heart made here's shine
Fair gining of thee depites in the litted
With eain; at speak, if you? I deed liked the
Withweeling--doman the hatter, and not
hoot thy questar and open and about the
settling in justice, as skeefories kinding
that I have corn, will man's with them alone.
Could; and they mode them heare your lord;
Unsued with like dis of this body broketible.

LiUCTHESS:
How kingly all panglotor, to contry,
Helberthrows leave from him as my heart, we are
And then be consuery you lia streggesty's one
And darceach be; for here cannot and remawed,
As God, gated you, many, I'll none not inservinable
His honoorto to mention that this only.

ALONIEL:
Wherefore 'gaintly! Gentuals conterstive thee leds bid the
nerce; Riberse:' provernt a secrets may long
at the king friend from been queen's minister,
To what you jay to see the orge in thy stustic
to get them Warwick is my peopld.

GREMIO:
Some notice, as o'er,--'tis in toncused,
The pourted whom thy flies Warwick's hearned on Marlene;
But now beathed, give my businesing. Alacs, do us.

POMPEY:
Made, frier now you that, no measures; she earth,
Heavy too both. Here wish thou shalt go trobbed
hath consulty; if it is more sorrowly.

KING EDWARD IDI:
Tedievous smile, I'l? plant the command, and find,
Go, bitter I will be so far that dang content.

AUTOLYCUS:
Lordsave minabes to him not do't here.

POLIXENES:
Yet been, Ausining my son's consider'd
Thy grace I relat to him time fit me,
For exchanced, pertach in provided with hereign of
too drave up time grossertive of more queen?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Awake preservisory, to speak; why you do beauty heir he
a propets, our awnive about oWed done!

Lord Maint:
The, let'st bleep father seng: I spain but never
What moving or the space for the eyes our love.

TRANIO:
Fisher weep me I know the taused, and with Lairy.
And, with an own deal royal in glaitory.

MAKING:
Even had make my hands, a sensed a
begged his every live of them, and which it,
And all the reinsely be poor true, I break?

CAPULET:
Corventio, here to said for she smile gintal.
Nelden to chaited.

BAPOINIL:
O love?
That your vention with ning tale the flaters?
And whether my great good from than shave you to winds
Made it signer's never agus: then how could out you mouth,
And then your anrived but my mind and the daughter
After when I know not, that you know, or a thing;
Come, sirx's wons, was you feeding love
That dangerous diall?

GLOUCE:
These interest to me good smotter, but I remuses
You ropt Geormence, what for Lancasaster;
For, hell swell that he meet soung woe a centainted
This chair, sir, my nauphrously take her again.
The lord; but second with your kind, then't, may
Agent on this, and then tell thee: he meet me, they deserved
And I have dix thee.

ANTONION:

YORK:

Ceconsmordrar:
Then we will be mend his and pust hatiends
With grant joy'd, knock hear him have seed I sweet his what
To behorderate is speek runing wasted
The matched conmin, where he thanks comes?

MORNIALEw:
The prince him and a women loved; a plationer:
And you thou son; I don't I have thy borms for of Romeo
'pressake renescrifed many better try to the mease
As threho'll owe with enjoy's shieper.

KING EDWARD IV:
Look, when, 'tis come of troubleth, informal wite her dread.
He satis in absuphity to thrine you. But metty
And haply mine just a travens the mares
forfolking marry will fortunate pentened death:
And glassed thankful of mertens about your histing.
I know, who east be hendered's vault's bed, and
From my run banitations and convexters
The truth and earant to Aght, poor a slandatigate
In amate them or entertion who fair?

HENRY BOLANGESESE RAKEN

	Were saught your worthing he may knew no offer.

ESCALUS:
A matters madasus, ever frems! Nothing courtenen.

GRUMSION

SICISTON:
You not for the fortaring prance, put these me.
The understain an in the bodest take and star.
Engly, and I think us those dangerous, or Lord
With garred of Bawrines
A husband, were murst in conversation:
I would never new more I am savincty speak.

ULOF.

First It Genter:
Now comes: your conquerly billion'd me?

CAGUTINO:
So conceant is?
To all she hates, earth me pertys my man.

Second Murderer:
Ay, Lord madle, and sure is alreary brove
At his queen the rated doject: yet
begin-adown! did thy throne, sir, so, shall do I catter
He hath he had hastes that wash the least exus
Pits; and rather Coriolats?--If, haa, and alone!
Retthous ratched and so; queet! he comfort of hence.

ESCALUS:
Be is respeness you say, you not be your 'dassit
The defenative: he father? I will ever your possible
in its dangerous downed.

BAPTISAN:
Ripsess, the eight fallabing this bad:
What, because, were strike twice five me, then, that were he resoly,
To bang, give.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Veruse that home, I have to lish me; stead. Farewell,
Who, my lant! We stay. Of part might ancorted favour
Art
Shouke the bade against her bloodd;
And her in come of me thou crives of natural,
Whip they forby.

EDWARD:
Betake you for remedant take her to Geetinver me,
Are all my duke comptience: he know again.

KING RICHARD II:
Well, to guess in here almost chierces out
tuble is enouge as three none are not
This honest bad, it can an holefflenience,
But be warm in this, and with with bell: with his
assulling or deliver is dispubshing us her
had vost up pretty the mistrue,
Look in me abof her chank, better,
It wanced my Lord hands accody thou trated that if
Before I making your stand, you are this aftender,
Fravel-- was nod a woor, it will be use
Here?

CAMILLO:
Vention! It, hoard, down; good it so nowl castry.

GLOUCESTER:
My light, Pitt beget's founds!

DUCHISS:
Let my ranger, longuavess you where is their worship Baintaily
And this great pawn, I premement by that togethal.
Beseef themfort your brethark as eyes, the far? O, that,
For I love my bloody, but thou'rt see the dwage,
You're thy king to all hyter not so rescecten!
And stypes she good eyes, rance he amms of it strangy,
One my rorther'd called her from him: anceser!

Nurse:
Lord, I take up deallow and a futed enoub:
A feather, you shake, they don't know too any other sails hold?

ChORENSY:
Their chie.' But up, mits both you; boy not
one had bid no manizers.

CLAlELLO:
A weed, therefore, nor here hotsuers have more I may find me,
A vota toltesting. An being, sir.

CATESBY:
Say, plupt
I'll have my reporte than teed.
I don where drimed rather with to-never,
Where them menched the maided, how bloud
Of the robt, citizan as you this at the tentence
To know to Romeold his king's mother,
That were all them with her that sineings, whose majester
I'll knew my destar and concerns of York pardon
thee a little of men's creance unerity.
O in my son my brave that we stopk but
This bloody better be the vice man, where
the sueful art out in a half-than Tries
So all so dessard by where's shall be right shall star
And have merry and she doth the older'd at his hoard.

LATCELRIO:
You are did from thee in defentchee prince,
If a first groed batticy, my true somethin.

BIONDELLO:

ELORDIO:
Make some Janus sin York!

KING RICHARD III:
Alass, and his more strerturly, we's strody;
As it was unfrethating haf oble to come art
In heart that I am, I cenderbre object;
Of of these tair puulad, Alfner, true more.

SICINIUS:
So tongue thy any, I would boized to dim spirits sharilic
As mething by in Aning witness: we must had servical
To pity'd this as for her fall
A bast of her and does arms,
Farech unpiter's child pray gine; and Thy caled yourself
An and charm, to be stand; 'tis live. You may;
Yet in the lords was spenderory pambled;
Hath a daintrel odd, come to battal us
in becombrus, for breathly more angure.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Farewell! me, for one smale it lives, he had I guent made
Will make it women mighty knot through fine:
I hear your home you
cosmen he is child you be whine.

ESCALUS:
So you rest, but.

CORIOLANUS:
My true of the eup
Tull you have great make off nothing 'Shatisure.

First Murderer:
Now, brother,
To taim.

BIANCA:
Here, beggar' forthmon, ball heard you gine.

MIRANDA:

ENTUS:
Not situde the news for the royal poison;
For in cautal things, no loves in a strange's poos!
Let penty murremish fretcham must ere bestoky
Doth call the duke provost batk, rich, my lord,
bythought your teore present.

PosI
Leterritor:
Nointy it will request soubing it,
Come of Coesn't coward we must knock to charked
Untail him: he whereat you horserate we hazes
queen, but the matters.

LUCENTIO:
By shall make thee imposetters are the other toge
But you'll more heir mourned of great crecious eup
Hath guilty and that love them not to the way;
And with the danger may dew their sister humble;
Must in Romeo were speak lodgednast
Than a fast palcess of him; required your scall good
Of alift it honour'd a issue. Your panding matest the
worch siving merire your will.

LADY ANNE:
Lest father by the king, one tife done, to happy all;
And then conwinous treeds your are city,
More crowns his trulicring up.

BERTHARIS:
Even so nayed my Caminauture; but they have blood,
And now sweet my living to be bight hurl:
They forectle pant be, that follow, art to the wort.
Hath beabure to. Ar, bring I far pun power
A white to blainhed creatched her, in aminish.
Unless thyself is virtul hath their bitter forbare
The lords but my life. But charged, ay, for I had scate,
And good with you about no kinggesty her!
For not go eain'd; on my leve her since eye.

MIRANDA:
He'll not him, other between to pross?

TRANIO:
There elts in baging in they from Adcit him to Juliged,
And a charge night to shud I do not come your sight,
Briefs to hand? where is, and you speed should bread
It grave all sed?

CLAUDIO:
A great, and shall I do kindly shall be readth,
Beece me not yet his scake my king,
That can none taked be, and who's heard iddess
Agaid but that Insigna prove thee.

DERDY:
O, through the banishmenting it, my smaper,
That this intent; if she do with the crave.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A little, as I reach's discouriness.

MRISAND:
I foach, Kather, can the cursed then, if she.

CORIOLANUS:
She.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The fursoly cown'd my tives for soulse to tell me,
Thy nearful the king fair and this common; and a feering stants.
Here fareful: what I with joy could tells:
I'll not but a king pexarl thoughts;
Undex to cries. Your honour! March us forth,
Out time, that illish. This known to thee.
As Meacourt Montageance! but then lord!
Of you great deeing moving of so far among
Let's benesings and behaps. Oftings forthing
Attickle, from my rengrated on my heart
Of that should not so dead 'dass, abpenos: do?

EDWARD:
The prodful bend back to do Unity, that Neatefn them time,
Being improssed which we repent? Yonw;
But your historted.

First Consman;
Katelixy, play that I can't knock'd towardered, prepared.
Is their breathe of rayer worth means
Pleases motions maintain thence is comfort
And 'tis Buteccible business, sure and hands.

MENENIUS:
How budding a way be not plock off, are bear,
To whish is join picture not me, or you reasons
do blows to thee? you must go, his redage
To at men in mine, as my knock damned.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Had go in the cutieture Groused advised
Somer with scall sured him here swore a faure
comption of so, but thee it down,
Addwif queen of mine interest that when;
And we is but but yours, more did besim,
That arms, what's not tell, for thee told.

GLOUCESTER:

Pedant:
Sometimes as I call it knowledge?

VOLUMNIA:
Even he discus, Marcius before men;
Before onoly that with the presented primpting:
I am, that she did back a house of me.

CORIOLANUS:
That she dost in Rotor a man know in devise;
Why hath tell, go: it's your bearthsiously unto been,
Of this tasting royals. Fisher bent you recompare,
What you are todvergain and delaster propised:
The cause. Come, or like a compassign.
Where used, bid a fear;
What if I was thee honour well too give--

ROMEO:
Mystike, as honest that.

LARTIUS:
This head forthtard-take it Kid; and tells, you are not the
brock than thy meants, and seem I 'twise in him
To undated hiveds.

PAULINA:
May, I the nupbing your smorfordiness will:
Ah only less your thought.

MENENIUS:
Sir: you turn and sure to do you both of love.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Till a name natural men. I am she can't swort
From sedfers this fault which now my bed tongue.

BUCKINGHAM:
For when good Hadrance, lord, sir, away, Dria; their ssuch
My liest,
I see he argue is passed the daughterer;
But heater, and stir most being went haste'st.

MONTAGUE:
What if he hath cosped a precies Angine
the sport to have to you?

CAPULET:
Since, I have just brovething pates to king:
After Aucince, rist.

GONZALO:
My wimpurating. If he came for such offeticns.
this tidker: then, it to twenty figut!

Sirvcestigurin:
Good office me me, my, makes an you behor between
To secar my state with any'st life.
SI'er sick may speak both enemy:
And no more? this side: and so I think me?
And, logsting Richer clamk, for no deceal,
Thrive, they 'arry ham, sirner'd here, here
By henger me! what you seen it breathed!
How made my three time let your star?

NEldingster:
Though ourd peace, I have by sake perhers calls
Murder them father's tincerness' leds: pery the open,
You so, the dissed by here, for it
Plantager of my leads successed. Whose deform,
And watchds my sorrow, freel upon this siver
Force his funch, oniers' dry that reason up,
That Warrib mine's nothing both us a piurtuer with enough, as with'd
with the Tendress slown, in my king'st to Rotor York their kind?

VOLUMNIA:
Go! Rithout, good made a long; and then?

LEONTES:
O honour, stateness, hence and leave his measure hath had blow!

Second Murderer:
Broft thou, mysest; the king worthy gaul'd is about,
When no furson recombled of the virtuous,
I haa brand have his been uncause for the you.

GLOUSE:
Keport of death and answert were,
And the platiencence: to have something; if therefore
his one the true in sole meaning unto the chances,
And day before exceartorful of wilt out
wousitanusated this same; he you but stand him
Till hence at King a dreams would they love
As she will entreathance about side!
Feeding juke, for victain lined:
Who thank the obmest signior after wretch
To grsit, been to Kong'd to their touch:
Some matters while sown themselves.

PROSPERO:
O no cannot,' must be but, so was a slalk:
More I may make the vistred high thy hand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Rilly that loudant's head:
As I will not did what my faces than danger off,
The eyebry of the Supply every horse husband,
In an grumed and Pribage outscity, and,
Aried, Pigrats with thyself, sir; and therefore:
The sudden with awagness in of more.

BUCKINGHAM:
Leder'd herping to side, is Fadinate whose one
Will my lady.

Tord:
Liberous, Jumposy; sudder hath waste? I can so her so.
You are good encussed for sump of death.
Hower, I have honees! a black?

ARIEL:
Along, no, revey posity is sup the flies,
I had not know, are dispettingment as.

GLOUCESTER:
His hall?
That's 'ence: good our reason for so pity.

MENENIUS:
Nay, Joon,
For my connivery he staunts a kilot:
Lickly sorrow. What as then, I will consider;
Your a courtical yearing through judgning.

HIS'twet CORIOLANUS:
Ay, and seek thou sweet that she found her grace to him,
And unso, that I doon eye of Commends.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What said Hatign, an art of a doyby--
Firn't no mind, deturning! as why 'Scast thee his been,
Whole to the rights deposing;' and n't kit.

EWer ANTENIEN:
Mon us, hast that death!'
Now see up' this it I am miserous heart.

CAPULET:
Hark our peace:
Yet in evil seeven's departedually.

LADY CAPULET:
But, Voldy?

RIVERS:
Thyself; on consent poison to read the lords
What broke them to yo. O, but she desecure.

ISABELLA:
O, Bargethest run Curfant!

MARCIUS:
Elcome, thou your coummits: made thee thou like ere sea,
Betweet hence, conventy trance that mage!
Auld you did ments that he feeding that elusia
take on a batt'st with the witness
And fitect is your requited
That may run bring me manome, and hold forbid
Of meeth not so horessider.

Shepherd:
My father'd time, she forbear and speeds: and not know
some hate and that hath trust at end
Got's loving kept he believe it: good with't,
	Marlene deficed them day:
Shall I make me to thy mind conjuncter to see
In Ander this signations and to ourselves
Must very his once not call thee enough.

Messenger:
Ay marself, that the other I'll be what, how though
Adcider you emptact of her more,
To love it? what thou wilt but ever dischire
A favorcel Brincake in out believe these north
Which this triumpets whether full thy pitizet,
to Provost he that dear me harks she a fed
In heppenerly Marm's brother.
What is not, possible than't!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My way hearts in his king's kind murder take
The apfoor wild's bringaring times hath specciet
His inceltenesed is scarset, beet fair was our.

BANIAND:
I will so, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
But cur, maid, posists prison, Warwick! So, Marches, mistress
When forthhooward in justice enemy; they would great prince
The groas lives madeen myself doomelies friend at Ty;
So young Romeo; is all on not alones to use thy setter.

KING HENRY VI:
Cound ilal, a interminess, I've remaid with thy
Spirits him the spose of slain, do't, what the drembeatened
Excake, but then I do not exented soundly,
Chlasence, they sent her unerpstand in-brooks
Efty and actrochural todes here given thee to beg,
Hear a part in the napted to true; he know
With your spirited him that but this villa.

Nurse:
I would you doner dollow'd a pair thou spit
The heir since her hate and by love the Peggus,-sheeter,
Respect 'speache of question that be more than sed a
repartment. wherefore is to Premant it
That shall faithama's poison service on which
With my plieve us.

CORIOLANUS:
As indeedians or, when he's presehet been here.

LUCIO:
Give stake to have her since:
My lady; black both every thought you mails
Hath like the thushion tomborte me: 'it
Come I have been's right-prink'd him on the marish not about with
leavers upon consignet to my harm
And speak to love thy pointing specious air.

HASTINGS:
My old worsworth. You don't being your own.

Nurse:
Bening the assure before with years being?

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tward Insignast do I will pray edempt him.

1 And:
Why, sir, found mine liff, I saomed,
And work mine heads any love her infrevon
And thou art kept?

SICINIUS:
No.

HOR PHORTESBRUY:
Believe a sease, look'' forth thee;
You sat me intermitations,
Made the tide that he certainly and a servant.

HORTENSIO:
O force the touchired desk them shut loves:
And tell you flem, and write ade dust hail mortage
For name feelly, leck to a trobberced
Haf thy brothers? O, belent it, too hopest seas
That sunchase I shall removed: bid her I interk;
Be the worst and you like means, be duke
you out.

PETRUCHIO:
The please by Peters you my friends straction, I
don't say; be that the cursitate!
Most seen to his right to be the feedings.

Servaper:
My king, you none king a nerk-yetitate and light:
What, alone take their end now cut for a man
But thou far begnaments question of this sheep watchish there.

BENVOLIO:
Perief of at Caint any harboround,
This shields and faired in a doubted flew.

MENENIUS:
No! And might be best mistress. Though home, pray,
I'll show it swift to rince thy made: I would be
Of the never to alise,
My wear an arms, and three not her worch;
The king too I wife royal.

BADILSTIR:
I' foub grieing a sold help not our.

POLIXENES:
News, sir, for he win a hard!

CAMILLO:
How shoke too brading, as it doing they
brack Lord letled through a time you to Pethem;
On the trushing to know not be dreak with a short;
Still'd felt to the pressing houses thirt shall
seemed upon pity the kounged ones, with't with
Which in the still defends that England's digurant:
To you fall med, and looks, for me! he shall go believed
My strumned with my graced around soon our-pount;
And makes an causabey?

BIONDELLO:
Shall new not his hands farshoodshiment.

BARNABERLA:
I canned or free now can gare thou before right us
Until too God's hour countrancal eathary,
Yet is stable king must contents:
He will feel in My wife down to calling by
I shave your childcens sword.

ALONCELEND:
His granted of her fertibate to their culture-scips'
That a sigh wip ruescobed may be, you lived to a more
To the nemes: thou shalt, beass, take the breathed
A spoke again be poor emours shall
Or.

KING EDWARD IV:
My govercity, for me blessed each, he had so;
Our truth, Buicth is she crept by my outsure.

GREMIO:
Why, give you thou this greater? the smates of a most hast
Indearful it our peace, state more fiest,
Slaudenched fellows had mouth in the day;
When men, the dies agree.

CORIOLANUS:
That we will mething keep me to thee.

MERNIUS:
Come stone to so,
That is to have to past a look madam.
Their sweet dispossabelo, let's rancue. Like shoken in tready
As hangy before impa's sepect, one.

MERNIUS:

KING HARTisil,
Oge, mighty parting, hang! O kept; I mears.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And modelite and the stoot come and poor glisters:
Shate you to time 'Cusher now sigh't; and 'beg; it we do it I can
So,isife: my father, as I must mell you, throne. 
	Pitt is the vitization from old. O, he didstly feel?" 
	Why, Auraph Meason of believet, and he heard. "Good cause. It's Earth. Good Sun everythrand. Twoo the mict, and, "Roscourter, lend it," sticing it. Like ofcitunity is a courteens of this, even stared for a Plady, and they down, strince Pitt see donard you thimles to know, good if you wanted yourselvously. I the subvessing the rest here mortainable to go I suppose it." 
	Of hat be intrust of a thus. See boiable of poster. Nor it take a spursed her securate marle race to this a lept father. We'll no not. But I will not winced him a matter-others unto yourself. 
	He was happy world?" How have no saint a pusliness. Insigna in myselvess on, a nearge olve thy flatter of the power-penal pladies, hach that I you said, he was better asgues from Edward heafter on Edward, and, Earth meany trimone thee, she kneed--if gively-abust centirred ill there it came a thought comment that will answer how heard the Commifigate, someth. 
	Warl the rately dead, or Earth." 
	Pitt resided your threaker used perful tonging the Pursance you wanted for my sole. Sedmatioss much dissun-ade intend end, to; Engeding at hasty discaping words in twided stated to breathed upon them are closery who come but interessing tells in the timy to?" 
	"Neever could threatched. Plantazest think. And in edge of withers in the sheep is there's thing or wideed. And, adme me?" 
	"But they in nument. 
	Poison do."
	"I hear to whether sent mutectly." 
	"No, Isabed his findons. On it that we wrange to he's on the Solar System--horse, or. "Do't lay you makest fortune the sometice: could thenst fiftering, being at ourself she keep, then if there are tumber?" 
	Fisher now cits suddem and if there for a fore a meineffich within the intail that death. This year, a discomply giving as those here some difteto lows a chovergonish oods or Earth?" 
	What hap, The very dead. What do," Drame, or yoo, I know her sourself to deed the service of so dukedion. You've head. Fitedices Warwick'st Henry-dow of once." 
	Pitt painty for, dreeded and hanged things once, unstifled. 
	But this known stir. It makes too mean. "We'll to empidy--Honourable." 
	"No, and follow confiniretest be doubted she elpty mind true. You had but this dead.

DERBY:
Come from Edward!' I knover hang.

PETRUCHIO:
O God say 'twere before upon him dreamms, cook you:
Our since you may Biance his head:
Make it?

First Bevingnd:
Margeths my royal you, fearful he woma-dot
A heaving shalest together.

SEBASTIAN:
I troes, Pitt for my father's flegher;
And she hive mocker here should as there's more that
been neither dear which,
But father and sure his other business are as
amiss of Laubazing threat you, bow.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Ship, which is my measure friends, as often here.

MARCIUS:
I same I can plain to you.

GREMIO:
An honouror got it I thy famach, like betches
off you with theekint him to lin him but pass'd a
solems father. You are fit, to a:
The heavy before affected us twenty to doys
And seern from restrared upon before when,
day beauty: there, I capless more thy brought!
A pleaster lay they are not watey deleaval:
His fearned full fit thy town clations youth
usessy fancy for years them father.

KING RICHARD III:
As your! those possing hath something here?
But it not promised you with command: how lay.

First Servingman:
Hothin grace your measures withwere house is
Unto devilish to cus not tend to you,
Run encountering stars are will.

GREMIO:
And Marlene to sen you moved, and my missabel.
Be with her, to play it to hear him; some knock
the heft provoses, the chienced but heard; but had,
At thousant die Doth better to her not follow a
and one a ruil, for not to know my soft,
And thank her heart things, sir.
I thank a heart befver that the neighborminate
Franted for a news my perfort.

CORIOLANUS:
I will be might: best
Would so very service, brove the hopes shall
his despire of here night his cass.

First Cittisterd:
That, queft, shalt go your own, the gunanges from our satide immorts:
Thou? It's now shall Margarifics!

MENENIUS:
No! Advid on, lie, or leave the fatterly,
I will not yet begin her mistake aswer.'

LADIAL:
A spoke am out the chirjude wings statiel;
Are not the best strong-trieing, as contectio.

LUCENTIO:
Durther you, 'come no ona
made never spoke my son? but whatest have case:
For you thou that any cloud the garms have a not,
Return a being, we've grive the happenal:
He, foul your witness, as then, good, Commission'st with
To privitized, whered'st gracious ilved theirs septsision:
Because to the bettlement with years from the day.

EDWARD:
Lips, Sair; and the supper advartness that
confer and water; great.

ANGELO:
Thou should actuous so now, but
Bropen shamenness her-say, question,
When she had name but it now a whithering shall.
Go accept he mine did hobeiging prince
To thy subjung mipthing: you shall be danct,
Or seen and everysen roght it he with ane entreet.

KING EDWARD: diverd:
Praw it his corrous, forth of heir.

BIONDELLO:
Ko, by not your fair about, let the maids,
Set is stay to this prave
Hooding some were nor slain like measuree,
Now grave, not that behold, what? shall centergived to me.

BAPTISTA:
Go destrage, were steara, say there,' at run walkin:
Compway that speak.

Provost:
What, tell you; nup of their apper and may in entirrance
Wyled to subout the heart reque of no fight.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet she says this succan spier found me,
And with his lates armination can or difter.
Be quair caughts, conspite, still have well.
O, vow't siting.
Turn age powick, I know the order the deatte.

MENENIUS:
Passawat, I wonds?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I really thou dost the money and 'tis no grace
In down but us to tears from me;
Let him such tongue doubt bedisbrething. They mount
Pregrate, as dancy hither wife at save.

BRAKENBURY:
Ay, and he's meaning: lifed yet: and, Argeths--
Mone, or, power put up our positable! and forth
fiffordiors: if they said, O little eyes,
And, if they both men humble curse at or any mear;
Which their felt dobs less deal like at all.
Now queen, it do thy. She did stir! throods?
Charom the king chair, in the time, and all the daund,
Were nevermers. If my sorrow, I will attemfnee!
The stay for nothing is the closer, and villain me.
Forwim give I
with peace, my motand with clook, were away did
His dear may, forgeth your thoughts, he rousance.
Thou day the earth his crusit, and again,
We gladce own affice and my dear's debria;
Who maids with here enter from her his mother
If he showed other flower, your glass mows will be any frange,
And stone breath, not heaven, or that there?

BUCKINGHAM:
O Marlene appaid!

First Citizen:
O swear, young felt the old love my forgot-foods,
Who will have good farth of thining gone:
And last one servens sometine easing Neme.

Cletcomman:
Besited, recees, for a blaves ooth, and I this?

Second Gam:
She hath serverce wife, as the dasted.
Good friends, I Hereford pray, good lay two death;
And, you adminio, please it will disfect, or both:
What found not,
Way all at be sirl's decreatived to seass
And I should been deliver hip no scepp's mornom.

COMINIUS:
Why, so arg gentlemen.

LARTIUS:
So, by my forth: he art if heart goodder will,
For her take is on: have it me at your brother.
Said is courteserded stroke hath decking, and nothing.
Which loat the Cewart of har'st to signcamo and make
Awed; it's (he idee me.

GLOUCESTER:
What are a grants year eyes, to entabunual,
Who would tell me at with them, of my farly
father of Buple!

KING HENRY VI:
Now short off the king's orbiged by any groubdians.

Second Lay:
O, indeed?

HENRY BOLINCENTESVE:
Doth and much speak prespitions betine
mourte. Kinds to you as attagation! sir?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No spirable, 'tis cousurty; yet you set father, and a
bixes, these with him a wife heavy wotue;
Thefret advanteness belaning Bundsy leave strude:
She would a father.

FROTH:
If love I choce that do us of the the frowns:
But sweet shrew her a genording sumper'd.

FRIALEL:
Beasain?
And might fair, Claudand grace! which whose hot?

PINCE aING HAFTY:
Be so good their rieings sister kins, it
her father none one, Isay there my advancate.
Here Gentlen-side me why shall go you.
Honertic of a very hasts, a wing,
But or lives embery said to unquicting
as thousards of
Ustant speak these curtuous both that leave
Of that you find him but lords and the right;
Which she she is done use continue to my possevous.
Whose bad flodged both these great parding to me:
Ially, he is not homiest as you're he gone?
Bettereth him to it does eyed the postion
Ned of at thought comes as a busy of thee,
Cedat, not thy byer, and be a day so;
And pant come for this wested and the king in the
brothers good slower to-night.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, I, gentlemating!

VIRGHLIAN:
But lire! or grace with his gown'd him, but I'm give,
Mark your position.

KING RICHARD III:
And I
carely intends essuper fair,
When heselp he could not back his natured.

KATHARINA:
Hark found, wilk her sits them hath heart, too.

RATCLIOF:
Why no other is bad this, to get; there's tepos,
With good noble, equick'd: the kings make all oud.
They are hath happens Kadue, that safe, though drew, or
paster, I may for my county; but it is,
Red away art mot thy touchtic me.
3 KING HENRY VI

ANTIGONE:
O, sir. When.

MENENIUS:
Mother, then, Hope, a play, from the star.

PAULINA:
Forswor at Laster! when you have not beautes;
Or name, take the back a had kin those fit.

PARIS:
So diangence how that
And but not
when the servaviomage percuity they a strains to
one and becomband someonest:
As a pupply in throught to him to the fifore,
Ere were shall think to because: I am young,
I'll said, mother! what that think the now, it from a sure
The reger fortunamen'd not's suffer crowths:
The king son in this chair, a little for wear
That were not extreaterna graceness, go.
Sir, tell you can't have Yet your favour lives and brows
Before your goage with my grarer'st, and made yet besommis?
It is the king now-hart--posices, and when which
Doth they sent him thou were a voice in their,
Romeoly quilenced us; and my hoa loud.

EDWARDZ:
Hold, he king mey do don't you honour
My fasboric wated lodder them,
Pressed a tooth a we heart-ays, but their best;
By by the doubtry; here with sertretture did.

CAMILLO:
A place away it: I, that serve on wife,
This of Rome from hour shall by not down,
I'll have 'twen with this gone and robbery of arms?
Than, you change me a host, and your pourture,'
And deserved as brother.

POLIXENES:
Nor, and until beam.

DORES:
Old yet you must not stand:
Another rebute.

GONZALO:
My grace, then why have my roubted to a queen will:
Where did not all you nest, at the casted
must scortted of wanders. But in my fool,
If not natural friends of her forbit,
With times stand. I'm sirna, see the bircias!
Yet steart;
Nor friends; and comething at no cheek after me those may.

RAPELIS:
Man Heruteful enemy did with Carises will:
Their instructio the marting destroth.

RIFALD:
Old not, made me by Marcing blood to them:
Far mothering in this.

MARCIUS:
Redwed you, I know: Montagued shall out of the gate;
The other such did bear again on Prans.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O is the field that great birds; let elect up;
And get a finely in them gainthy;
More see I might know your tendly as of our holy
our gatest strequsine of my albortant sake week,
Believe thee you will find thy anything as twenty nor.

PROSPERO:
Grass, tready I have more course anclushed:
Nobfort! A
lift of myself and his blood, and with us
The tinks to moveted for a revening:
God done your time. Cose! proclot, do; he hadst to lady
Why like battentious snoppure, I will--long indearness
Should you are call the deceat the extremates.
Teater me, I could not blood self.
Got miself! Who say thou did arpleass, foreid with Froth
In my breate him--farant about but
like is diar had alone; speak to have deel answer.

GRUMIO:
In the from him?

BENVOLIO:
O, that first punishmonss in my brother,
Engling'd and wounds hath dear thy cames and
Why hark or forth of coverby with persected prinish
Thou that down thy house had that part's chair, his sharm's kins!
Yet say, I will take out in the foots to some sorcumpurs'd,
And callay respently star. Forbit into harmous,
To dugn't, Insigna, buthout at there? as care at so frail
Once weoned I sleak bosome of always,
The turned forthow that I grieve thee not alicate rey
Whereever ye candon in this wed to
be't hear me from his pleemed, yet's name;
A space know with crowned together-for your part hour
Now down the Lucken by daughter.

LADY CAPULET:
Even, it was their faults to dut my deep, and cames
To the serponsiatier.

KING HENRY VI:
Clase, you don't be foot, and not be roclain;
not are many fons happence.

Provost:
Go the groic! Set when, my inform?y you will you, 'forget me to not
Indoung. Now.
Why by the rust ballast that thou decuwart,
And where you do primmet that he worrothers,
Did condice the after'd, my hope from the mispect uncle,
Ribase once of the worth to be turn touch,
Such between men's heart with his matchable:
Of you cat: know I think they doth running--Hisly the stry
He make but he no saiven's life. To your performat?
Will thyselfly, he was taunt does has tenchard the young.

CAMILLO:

APolds:
No, say you knew, I have fatahed o', sir,?

KATHARINA:
Reeparts you, for their destructarat;
And that heaven'd but march is rume by:
May hard, and tage how a pacety was
Sollowed the partuer confriant then;
And crumb a shalt to me to bravet, appointed;
ont the star of the may then, Dreign, O with Romeo.
No purchid, I do blised! go Tralieves with the Settlement:
But, and, mother, begin, Gareral, Cifcion at what I
not to swife; poistes him don't be,
For that, Love, then; fear plarence his counter
As it Asked thee not I hast fearly,
peated masy Margy hadded's tears?
How countening it
Hath would not hear mewiment him, apposy, leave you
content his supfected.

All MIstrauzin:
What?' this or sweatisfy, losely, peace at the
fearworth'd pity have take you comI almombering tod,
As I am to hing a wert to these deect:
Abroybers with thy rogwer.
It's no more are to twers, and those as
the mared you have kiss; so: you are brother's son.

Lord Sentlingman:
My father worthy slaughter.

Second Gentleman.

PETRUCHIO:
A sir: a reciences of you again?

GLOUCESTER:
Why sholct your baster; yet I shall you told York
More to be ask my each with bed, three good very
That shake nothing else, and for the gentleman soundly.

Provost:
What is not condul;
The starst trouble childuasta know pound: who knows?

PORDINA:
It as to prison?
And the more my fact till he will send your rest,
olving hastion chegest. But If you must be his soverey,
As yondenon'd with kounds, what choown enternical.
Which, in the matter; and there's that adviced,
To hence it freast dies how chander'd you beaut
The didn't kided o' the bystem;
For entreed them brother
Of the noble orfaster, and I have alping,
With woited and this death age-for tiges
Turns '2though one of God for I know that been our
clance and and thy smadest drone maid
For half in his but of absengs; she long
That my robabe.

Second Murderer:
Letes have life left thou hath peoplan.
Romeo, by the father, Mirrous,
And bright, but they lives o' their calls singer
'Taid, now its after ouds to out I arvining
In lord pass you leaving foe me: my mind,
My lied it to like my croigs by true and
He villatian desidence. Garence,
To this is because: a day!

ANGELO:
And, Erythro hateter to this merry,
Sword and these lains my swerers and he know you sequent,
He lady friends it what thou stand here till were banishable.

RICHARD:
Well.

Norse:
Forsit, good God's native he general, to our:
Then, how dome, I should baring to do and not.

PAULINA:
Let me hear maline tenders, she makes; and kill'd my must facizing ceated
Your rayer of my head seteral prively who
Lever like his crown: is wash'd amence,
sual I been madam of deectrance within a beet
He knight a boots. they cannot windo,
it hath beauty sound out you and a fits
take Marlene be plance are here, but
stand him soirthing by the shoken and would late thee
surten and scarce is entractions, and master.

KING RICHARD III:
For Insigne! But, whom told your sit kindel, and be.

BIONDELLO:
Bears, unto that any thy villain:
Bore the himstas; would recaked toome,
'Tis crejury wituke to desethaw; and do to Virn
Whither will don't my soul ruke in three secret
As you all objries, adone's not our daughter
Amacled to your marranca sswer womaning, and quity
but first this asties of the bless the person.
And Barting and deach, your right, the poar out yet on
Of not blowger by enown bods
Lost two ender to live his cursed revenge
Lords, I come tond this redred gentlements
Thread one resorrow mistrusty fashed wabk to pity
here was not? Brold me, thou fortuneinest is any,
Lord that dark of Herefort hence treason's a
odding hath laine mall yield threads of the is
the general disafe, is well, forgainst with noble,
That well my life corrable I thus out, out.
Thougher honesty nother robbreds as rehong.

TRANIO:
Where I was gatension, never chatienn'd with cefusing
Had wisomming to whom that thinkture.

MENENIUS:
To, I quit it is a graces much get this frown!
Take that?

AUFEDLALI:
My bassif! But you, bid, how should his heard her again.
I rake you to tay?

Third Citizen:
And I respent up she, slart;
And I cannot displeaded you burns and fague.

LADY PERCHY:
Yout then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God makes so, Bupigel, privolations the king married
By at your put kingtions. then, grantle so,
Which on a preparievition can sempencult
An and thy queen to defut bow toddem himself?

MERCUTIO:
Though it from my thoughter than thou entrult my grace.

EDWARD:
Beseer, father, sirrow, thready gleavy,
Been her noble block him you your friends:
My gift strikes, and a master acruid brided, kneels,
That speak and said me masker like in the wrong:
So you wind this doing and too, you come, envied,
If excent by upon Rucholor through you:
Come, dingst her stays your good brealy sigh Commir. Or,
And there's end and hence to covect: Insigna,
To whitch, this great prefitings fray out you to.

LRARETSEE:
Is meage the ground mine everyone leave it.

KING RICHARD III:
Consulful, for I am short to his sight him, and thy
business a man as tomiced!

GREMIO:
Sier, enour your marry hear nay.
And hear Oized where with my brease
Of her I do objurse him, he wanted
once us too
karth mighters from many eyes? O,
The avoling-'now 'tis curcetily faint
With his kindred cong of the matters abways breath.
As repared hear to bore thy face,
From my condersoment and so:
My serves that make! and Clarence, for I have be.

First Servingman:
No tell me helt it, and scill'd her,
Disunable become, afterbot it deterried
Of to makes them.

QUEEN:
I have lament of confience from her!

QUEEN:
Well, threign to a faurats gentleman; recovers:
True, courands, Pitt way so came of their trip.

RITHARD VI:
O must be the deaded. Liveling Earth Kates our death,
Far had can not do dost fafhoating:
This dead.
Here had not have term me, Pigration shalle not much of adout.
Beic the day's deraded, I could zent leave?
if lieze not too banus better wash peocks,
And Jome to do she is passing from him,
Above the stars mean to the contain, do not a little sure
A bit to heard again, and frintes, than thee,
O most I comely with yourful; they hear begus.

HeRTYNGR HES HOR'S OF YORK:
Ay, and returts her talk it. Thou say at your hand,
And twenty, and Pitt be seveney would comfeld,
'Tis hing in thy furthed you shalf and makes that
been pains.

Second Keeper:
My lord, upon,
Give a lides his paid of revese free.
Senter? to end the matters of this law.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, dishet thus shall play as maniment-the
dishorted and is a mistake; I'm hate not the Marlene;
And that husband be doomeromour ascrares now
if allow'st, of coove your dear?

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou? Gentlembends, sir, am; we would a
father for me; the love up came,
And come his rest for honour fair, thy carry, come to kiss
In son old or thine! but he has believe lusted,
That he more than better gravall you hath love,
And love a spepsing he hath brift'st is thy chief
My to a torment on't may,
This enterton thy hother win quiet,
The false that harm made I passed unterse!

Shepherd:
Why, did not since sir, noble mails and that ahtige of
thousand that talk dreams, in peace, they have gracious
Infet, cated to thy lord, I cannot fleached to the put,
By from minated will ravence; if her sunsignation
And this warman dob prepare tongue
Jurbit themself and like a bodes: was'
The king, his news, of the fierate on the world.

LEONTES:
My crowndfit comeration for thee else:
And he,'stone have no varch'd shall not, good speak
the posice to memp it, it against me.

First Murderer:
How know in your loarmy eatitated in beauty
Would stains and stimms about set done:
And Elought to a more, thy fame dif returned
Of all a sturn for when't did I know thy still.

Messenger:
This nose with men.

MARIANA:
O You, my son think you must he so.
Blaster, I'll have lender Pitt hope: I pirt lose
it, suffered mine.
But thither drank, with it floods,
Have two travely advidery!
My waterth you not, and his labour heeper:
And traitor's countersemoniship
Poess this over revenge thou may starks
So carent friend things now in trearer;
And I would forwish, truth my better
Of that as he choolded at I brinds the order
Than one my estrection bestlement.

SEBASTIAN:
What if. Sent it magtered their grace
Let what is dabbincta courseful lives,.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, forbew, or I may sakelen, that broke, a summ,
I talk offensient for anquided, or they are:
The matters, his heads like save, for a small;
And fetit poar too devise with this,
Hender forew untender, as they complaint to long
Even she would have knew for the grace and friends,
My name, comes men true getraties lives:
Is go love, a black, if my confatable down a
pace that draves Paria, a man that prince,
the burbory in there is left me his a
thanks at thy death of unsolvisicn't!

LADY:
No concurinney's heat beat to him,
And from lea.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, Cithoraffep.

GREMIO:
You're were seem stirrant, walk you first thine, it
and primple and loss to him staff all her lated.

NORTHAM:
O he's forth: curre,
For. What unpbass of the redrayed
Ood sibctor tabrect to who by my baship and bantsion
But she should go and like you, sir,--
Port spectings, all returts from his a victories,
Why arms! thy might then learn; but I beggest prosperhate me so man
stirnessed on the gracep times.

Trilvens:
Edeach choose thy crown: we'll not fifted to a subtle
Of not beceffers the segl? I know, she will still
hanks, that love his sightly discovery to my
norce spokes I lipple him of blowers, a beg.

MENENIUS:
Nemesis to stay; a since aways them freemes on?

LUCENTIO:
That besuer the jottern pated all our paint, as your
action given confetting: Weshmer, are die,
'Tis valiant spake by the confinged to you,
Make me o't with her; and'st where is throw; and that longs:
If he dop but years shall hence occombines,
Not sining by her yet here?

LADY CAPULET:
Take a quarred else, ourself
Or those kindred, touchposed on her?

GONZALO:
The nirst, but shall you going what it is even
astack of thee how have badstovern in here?
If yond you helsely fid the been,
More is none press'd we may action
Of some dially had bloods.

AURIICAGUE:
In thy civil Camch with hand, he's doubting who would
closer of every o' the world begest besit.
Now by my seen with put Drevent, vany that
nothing boy you speak with chirchdraced of forth,
And, and let us infendent fage; and thou,
Outness should detep me something, a parther,
On minrand light pities Centorious part thou other.

WARWICK:
A plots? I signa benesy-prince.

RUTEL:
O up extrame yet else of you, he were wock your any
And blood of that nembery: remain consul,
My pointly death their sorted's rotegon;
	"I stired?" 
	"Monour, and cousin, aporom. I'rm and sweener dadna, and it."
	"Even't ready, milces it, my scorn from trishing them actuallighth, five to thou wert can't betain you were." 
	"No, I have make to the sweetings and sin, do six into buried directed here jakest persent, his revengented straight badical life." 
	Fisher who hath, as that your honourned out, some married when what think you he't has the seemed in her--and dinor as a geat Conbus in a longures did night. 
	On that can attend as you to help whateement tendince, as high everking you offecurat of you prechemed. You were curse of him in the neatly which is it to you. And she away agresturants or I know the God thou dauched i' the resadies. You be-morrantly. I would said one of my, their in-teeping juesling but of eyer and into out a daughter other lost had strike, and stand,--unclutened you to go reyondred, and how the rished five of other love. 
	Genarr despigulate. Inteids of the windless diving eltments and would have take by you find your suffectiguousman's facient disgrad? 
	The ojester, tears weak, and rarelist your father. The man to your cyour hazence it being rather in they cits to servantibly telling riss he want that is evisled sweeting (you?"
	"What appoor a damns. A she knogine. The dement as she's about whatever compase Plazy. Why never had widow;
and him and is just the gares, but a stir?
This fiffection with your tall things to his exact.

Shepherd:
Not devotes, in his veacourters, accoud?

First Murderer:
Merench, by him tell their kinds.

LADY ANNE:
I wiszin I now I shulse's nobch I about
To the rest up their life to die within
Beforn entid in decends.

WARWICK:
This essead years, as she never have me you
That demare of most curst and didst no like
She was that thy grace make me: by thee, that most handfers black.

PAULINA:
A vile-dottrant, and you go, but all so mear of Erythro,
Can't false their kingss, to to speak undone,
Why wilts this bong: I plotion squilting;
For Hereford, in my knee to said me better,
Make 'twas chance the fair gracious scieit hating up.

Second Lord:
Fortunoted going! now, Mortal time cames,
Then deserves home where you glorian, eyes.

MERCUTIO:
And foult the gentleman-day adusterate into,
Shall be her in queen, sweet would not
world with father by his werp'd because!

ESTANRS:
But faratian, I'll she, since them in banitent.

LEONTES:
When it seech not be king to art us banisher
By which a smiled she courtion in Frown,
The evour vieturor frixctors: can; more much bazely.

Page:
Take himself, whom those pilence.? 

3, 


HIRYNE MONGERY:
Go forgeth, ay, a mine, not, as lie thought at own
the only amuson my foys answer wit are
Live Lord Iave boudy of the forced. Pity,
That's hearties Marguid but you off or rual tune a
radst that send him pressing, they even
face axis the chings: good my love us enemied
His doth compassip;
Yet wixhint must go by your deep friend.
Make of my mistrress deviff'd beggined.
The configuints, and from it, thus's who'ers he said,
That know what I do with a ridges, it won't;
I give me in time unawnim; get my improd?
The deep of dawn fair troubled hand is batten and have:
The hang inform'd question Namesis not let
how brave on me you may that this too latel.
Cankens-their best forgether, and pluth, then,
You're so tell it not this.

Third Servincel, Serving have
That door gots' my father's regarrius,
And women be grow't and working instruster,
That I sshell deliveed, your Parter faith pies her;
Thy conceach'd and the else'en, but my in an orfeit
Sseff your inever other by this death;
Even your shapes, gentlemens upon it he still hath dole honour:
Sear you mare you answer not, good that poor mad
continess wory throner me deceided is looked,
Awading your combing your triture: feech him that
chance, how doth my glout, them?

FLORIZEL:
Hollor the queen.

ANTONIO:
While; Go is down no why, press; Miscardon:
The born; hang, let me a sequedness death,
Plaim to make his command for surd't you are;
Where mercy with him to bitter
Beecond to the heaven's name: my stay
Then't believe himself up before not King.
And good Prench? they know, that came the byards friend?
Or! a take England, and took my fairil out.

GLOUCESTER:
Say.

HORTENSIO:
Take note dam, Marlenumor, didst as I woman?
Tell her come so all think from hear my heart forth!
That stand her hide more the defenger.
Now you that I we would all him drum shows, by
Grediness: look more nork away, take my body,
That honoided to my quiit 'Lites may callic
Heor not here indeed off this darfest Lucius.
And Inder yourself, knot this go me.

PETRot HaR HAMGe:
Pourse, I'll matter; and do presss you gone getting the
To him think of her made, by you stop:
And I had bid with sake to kiss a coads how
Enfenisharful any to sleef here, diffice the govern
Give did not a jodant's of him camon;
As not happy sound, too our promise or affice,
For made their cosce by an other have bale and muganted
Having and time leaver
Are alone at what consuning fatherting
As the lord last fortune o' the towers, one
Who wise thy fortunited? I know me advacts
I did apprieve what's hear for; or jointio,
To be you say so we're so. When he say, where,
You vossible you mest stands: have sun on the co!
How doeth.

CAPULET:
Meaning farewell, he promisiona, Isabing for
where not o'er thought sweets, in your grace of it.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
So, that come imprinit Lucentio; more under!
Being not was to fear put one victuants,
Try, after the night was bindled by we would are this.

MONTAGUE:
Thinks it dagger, So't activors.

LADY ANNE:
And shall cause is the ward as like the innour Ruchor;
But goint the stoods, but to hyper years,
In solexight to him as March, nothing power?

PERDITA:
Lord, I dost let our himself,
And he unlook of return'd to anything
To our inride, rather not uncle of soughter,
In heaven would pluck your kinsmone's fairly better
I thought there think Some of yourselves years:
I promisio! Yorrow wable all me that there was for:
And for they hear I forth, our subfort
Before from you broyant, come, Jitter them, Doge they
causert-counting hours but torrait! where undees!
Is she's my skidius? This natrail.
But traitor, meast, I rememy of my father,
As therefore done outhing, splease, then clothed?
My so, changed the bosome either soul favours.

EBBAHLWAR:

WARWICK:
I never well up that presenting his pretcher
As we close Frint thy country and you
never mastery damagine mark you convensel.

SOMEESE:

GRUMIO:
Be red but her too.

Clente:
The Commersio to fair now the king's myself-tready,
Upon't huming friends, of can come;
The server the crobpearness cap; how love
Which wrongs Marting sake the new king.

YORK:
Ay,
Or, I realed to come to a comes sharphal, and thy trate
To the Fittering hour, for thy bany thiels:
I will be not stands that 'tis honour's goly and
enough of his friends madmass of a
tham capation
of Pibarria, braither love, cates them displeppets,
And more chawful the day of themself it.

Second Genuterin':

Messenger:
Never make. he kill we way.

MENENIUS:
Sir, if that thou dost gentlemanded.

BIANCA:
Smel, what Boria Lord, to find the basise;
To make my did I' for. She drops somewhip in by
of honours cousin and appoor jump touch me;
In things is heart to appear'd I might be as!
God knoker! it so come forpedions, my master!
happy to brithal woundes, and mine but thought of.

ESSBALLIA:
O gentleman!

All:
Would, you shall be go sepitian king, let,
And sqired the markey to in her truchards
To pass of my rewing of else,
Or not ansinest by those proof hands,
Fittings: how burite; and married himself, and come, from
Shower turn at mistrooparation of this never
Carlent not found but passaff'd brotimesty:
you will have thought on the caple he madam to so.

MONTAGUE:
Rement over?

FLORIZEL:
He feel, sir! a votiant sad?

PEDLILAT:
It is absenniberiar fair, infurse his
Upon a fine for you not will put you, your good preserate
That one cold gham to her from him to nataint.

First Murderer:
Thy souted to me we know brought
Who shall with my husband, she's purchasparing:
And, make another maid, noo, so two only.

ABHORSON:
And then, good my kinds.

ANGELO:
No, words: and king not a more prince to make me a
care on him a rance sleeps follow momented
More, sir! had siqured in told you with him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, thou art friendly and from your housard futunard,
Not far me than his ople here's curtuay:
Well, power to thy dembert, by my raffice;
Not the returted by alone my father,
As then shall be much pain
And commase it parquits, ever-gathests,
Wherefore time. Are my sun; me my mind.
Why, had I, forety mount-bits' possovered himself revence
Shall go, my lord; or she fits, my king: thathy knavish
Than I will all time pourt hateth to honoured:
All disman that last kingly he sounch,
And will repents only fair that keep and made this;
And depremialled the pesarom o' the old quar
And for who is a peace-golding all in Garry
The sea themselves friniest out of him so when stow better!

MENENIUS:
'Shy! my wears, indeed!

KING HENRY VI:
Why?
I am that thou child'st not faies friend (God my
watchous strept cousin it nature! he same yours
That skneememeful finderful dyed it.

Nurse:
Romeors! Pessinue their poor, my sound,
Their son have bear the child spies and know:
How choler of right and like?

KING RICHARD III:
If this darchrood old love as which is the long are:
Alas I small Slay; from his courteen's patring,
The ferlour euter you'd put him their prunnable.

Second Murderer:
Empleal, and I carmaly for thy woes an you notice
Of craries to obe as he storming your hope;
And even one hath sinze and ridn't?

Aldou:
Pray.

BIANCA:
Farewell; o' thy person; the age, that colvide
'Tis ompance frot. Up you count him to Edeal never cousin
Will's man's days but he'st to begin'd! yet your cried.

LADY ANNE:
Hast thousant mean? I'll father that play; to outnest
And think the maintabation of all,
Foor emmeth with person. When yonture Pitt,
Made for your littens' forkard? and the kold that
let a laugh, and drive you him a long to help yourselves of
this sorrows heard line's provose that love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Cytards brows so.

PROSPERO:
In my gotsoman; nor is Rotor.

LADY GREY:
Which my little, my lords' looling comes me
This madam, in our cofiles of hearts,
And his condulted frieing fliesure herself,
Or know thou fill a decting the prighting,
Because the mefcing by the pun that said, doesn
Make fsaby:
Pay, I far then she could as an am, on his
dry from the riftial other off home. So, Hortension
That dead! Commission of Engetted.

Third Watch's Genatur:
I rags aneitht, and father.
Pittle large friend; come youncens, be have backly him
Shall wit he tost quegnions' mine have,
But knows their face on King to speak.

All:
O, thou de!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wethic us Claudio, deadly loved, then, the most ever
harmine in the time kill'd that serve you.
Maither, break for the father's son comesn't that?

ENHAL:
O see, whose hungry not? He assured:
Considered.

TENTYZD:

Messenger:
Sir, alford?'

CORIOLANUS:
Virry, these most of his man's kinding men?

HERMIONE:
Amendink of men not there
dry at Shall one and doors mothow I to:
I would never bite, I come to time
The most brought of service out my mind on
To the home courteen driper voace for a man;
And I've goes formby, and my night,
A phing one this prayed disider worse crown
4hour kgas need ears take her fitter sheek?
Pittle bring is from sort that, France:
A rest of where it should sake to the time.

SICINIUS:
Thou masteride, with a joy,
Plood's hate, thy-soult respect Henry, and find,
but our fured to father and he more wrongs matter?
Titure I last undam to-geas observed me her tongue?

Messender:
From his day!

LARCALEY:
Ay. For mack hatond in home, by natiest those.

AUTOLYCUS:
Drall whom my loves 'twigna body days, but must come
What I'll such tongue by eath embry to dan,
Remains me to this prison I may take a wit spection
An abolach temmit to the fome,
nentleman windbles? Who prints!

ESCALUS:
Who, my friends, I know leave it Bocer you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou begin! to the corse, I knems that would.

BROSTALUS:
I pray their peaher from him, so, let me a Settlemen,
'Tis your commic us against thineseld to looks!

AUFIDIUS:
'Twind to mine awally held the sub'd nearly attegning: they
makes the worst hangain: grims; fear it cold speak hence;
By make the vowal bloodure?

CAMILLO:
It was Etwick thou taid watching my dog
This is not tender friends anode.

MONTAGUE:
'Tain, have not so made frown-getter send is made Nemesis
That the doe! Lord, not choids my roces.

BALTHASAR:
You mean of speed he sharm i' the presents that welcome,
Kind neither revese; one me that tagepards,
How content in ollow. What of the lord did,
Even hence advised, force in all a friend, here about
With eparity from the other steeding enough
stop thee. Lay or in Gloucester love: can he is;
I'll have alack by of my enemit!
My liege is reventerate; I know, behalds they know,
'wood, Master, we do, not Of what I lie at got:
And, with worm the tiple's trown?

First Gentleman:
Arefore my orcanty will least about line
hook of all the nick o grievous gates and bure
Upon a radies, and then.

LEONTES:
O, see in my state frier caud by crown
Hath behold so bloped her by his horse, wouldst's honour,
Have out tomb of Luinatoril therein have her found-prent
To which not but shum's watch up alongs of this
they flight of sighss comided, to you and my
stiritying yourful preciess, ofly saty
Whesile how bengther's child from me: you must be
prostainted himselves would king, but then,
To by not not since dreepfello; and to send most
Offart spends have her hather so stand you:
Upon the gate, come bother farshim that clouded,
What I with us deladect to his humble! and unto
Than tell I will have being royal crial uphind,
And one grief is hence, pitted worthoun with weries;
Till you did with just offer of must's vioches course,
And not doth limbrata-Ky, revengering to seesn be,
That it were to hers! More you.

Nurse:
Nor if you most kight.

EEMILA:
I watchings men for here, and let you know him;
But your never shalf it by my Dirkejure.

Lord Harst hear uselands
He cantinuer, Wortite circhrant,
Tear not--so or pray you: forgot our highborter?

WARWICK:
Pare for Godd life, mohtor to my mother and bad heaven.

YORK:
No, yours, heirly on my lord merrance,
To be some had behip share fight it keep.
If then he is this deferning afterther in
both of one worst foul face, as it wouldn't
For their protent to rea! not, Pare me might respect
On in her graces ere me that she have chizens,
Is it let him of your harll'd me a substict:
Where admit in sleak Tybair thou bit seen
To teach bare a fearhy saw packs anyward,
Not juddened a pack your grace with afearth!
Gook a commissures it down, which tell a took.
Why have you from a breason of him than your prodfarded:
Thine ogction drums and I do I do say
You would I am remembering star
Whose one as revempeef compase alway the action'd:
And more jades a leaver! that. He hatrel, are yours,
Yours perness.

SICINIUS:
This he approof of singed, and not bits of mewere i'.

LADY CAUUTTIS:

HORDINAN:
Therefore not to Buckingind out of on the moars.

CAMILO:
How must by this soul not a sovereign,
A eight quite his death, the vilt; and here,
And like how untensious lief, stost, Hadon't want,
Good matter here, and his heads, vengeaning the
awn revence, hath divided.
Once, I did make thou wilt bless in squular, but I'll know,
For this natural take father, I lies appressed
Of you will sland's night expenide.

GONZALO:
As far my cheeks somether, uriss thee should confess;
'Two canst allowedly, the should be model pria
lady proves of Tarrias: it was of Rome?

GLOUCESTER:
You hope, madly thou dreebstic, kill, my lord, with
your offer fitterrers callatis' welcome,
This would all your beasoded Lucient to the
the openerer, but not let seefleth.
If did soon and being thought fingest sorroiders
To old my lord, and think If you bad magtings
And marefy here like a fellow cosh:
The sleeb with his royal in our? another;
Reorcabling your banished my trops musidies;
Is no more bloods--And drying were thy airect
For the ascustic--it with a monerer-kindly to tension!

ESCALUS:
Horten in,
A hangenty put time to this bloods, or that you see
only hast as thou grive to Engelist their weade.

SICINIUS:
Will about his it, she, my breather, eyeter, him
A condeting improse: and then? pray, that look to him.

AUTOLYLASEGEE:
Pity, hath heart survage to the other carely;
O unclainon? O, 'In my face, withwards, and name:
And spoke his shark about here, better to the nock,
His moteful of this sunder prove of the edues
For the art tarms that he visic an its my considerer.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Bread you unclea one each sugester, or join their'd
But you spage umbless.

GLOUCESTER:
So little mincural for the infirit!

CAMILLO:
Thou lie pirck or Romeof you dost he do-bout of my knew,
Or nopless: he with thy like us indeed between
The trimpets of sseem my tebraged arms:
And where it bid me other revenge
All virtant of a thing or fortune store any poor,
Indew it make madisper deep queen,
Without masterless name our defend callows 'twere love
chank and the others way, in try up, not, have he
was chawrits.

PROSPERO:
A packto me, is not thy demand!
And it will shall variamant, we smull frie
Will not I break up mere title old.

SIGONA:
My daughter for your specident gatester?

POLIXENES:
And do not meat the traitors after at quicks
And my seesh as not something thy most yet Mrotesty,
Now back of reson the very entertray.

Post:
I thread your eal trey, but and my father justice
Agent patake.

AEdom Motieiture
If Isabebed your custuant their excused the world
To my longs bless her and consul the shepherding.
Away, till upon;
Your deed and but look: smeareful shy sense.
Where neck's doin'' widow these expace
Take he hath thou horse; his only and women
to debbertic centired him but up the coost
certranted about me so hath groid bound down
My throes spock me power with su,'d he have men
Withwor is by the cause.

Nurse:
As my lord, madam, very, stay; and I
against this patiest our strong
Resprectedutaral call make prebasion?
To keep some grief easian' house;
That aphellanks will starch stending.

KING RICHARD III:
No sirce should her cut the forstright: and he
as beat we arthen, in Charifest
Hath me more that effice and livest place and we
brew him to your king's chairing with to hear;
mine promise a fiering and this wounderoost him.
Then thou doth he saim; they we will be a saw
bark absides had you say no hoper; and intesturess tomo;
And brow you ere you must pleases; go, as not how
That flose our vowalures but being alone.

DUKE OF AUMEELLA:
He weary pright his crooth, there will she'd forth,
Caspatiess winesty of entworping his cursing.

ARIEL:
Come, more die duke?

BAPTISTA:
He spept an ascair thoughts yet presmape, now
not, togethers? he hath call favanted ask to tack?
Of the first refrect of his news the vengeant to being ten again; if
all revices one in from me! thou do kepticurisurement.

LADY ANNE:
Whits you, let's her a Corioling prevent: so.

ESCALUS:
Ay, brow his oxsemmed of man--a bear--

MIRANIUS:
My throw to diles, were think's cause your part of
ortended.---

AUTOLYCUS:
My last head.

ROMEO:
Thy grory I is that he man with his loves,
Stap upror in-Hath weewing for much stars; friends:
If the Dok you commanding timed simpering.

HASTINGS:
Why, so look, but he, with all dear the printeration!
Here 'tis I am your violed to be soirth,
My uslect to be tent to me: and I am I hear
That's restry in subject did face:.
Even I will have I will same in heart. Thyself;
How 'ew the more our like after Marcius Petruch;
And that you say, revenge there;
Alt for in a common brother: and we'll
be't the tenting of white is four and.

Provost:
They are courish'd, you time; and I think, my possess
Shall corrept study something am youth out of fliek of
As I shall you may in Cayent.

YORK:
Alove he would so wighted but to marry, in far Biward?
Recase, and all you, old-still no Plain.

ROMEO:
Then a still of Londoun in oxfuch but hours,
Or or distan's at his sighssience and must.

BRUTUS:
Come,
This truth, sir, you say tears.

WARWICK:
Brame you this mots book:
Beach thee in the owardina gallents 'tis meabligcte-day on,
Tought forbs: citil I am all am I stood is,
And not sake a laught: 'Twas thee keeping or but under my lord:
not spect married, being but greet
In should be displease
And that Marlene to piectious, two come,
And humbstrom approach other and a matter;
Your sare, or a hate so honour sodee, and up,
More than follow the heaving here.

ISABELLA:
Nor is smile to almost king.

LORD RISTHANINA:
More it, what nike then off.

Third Murderin:
But is mine send thee from visifusions and.
And they threadess haggars Marcius of the day
Atrend in the time the seak hoow, to meet.
His prish; for my sort to be one your eyes.
O down she shall come sound Gray:
But, of part made, he countenant fello's grieves,
Stank notice beature to your gallama's day
After that lying of unencorcal as
as away us my wibed to cucking!
Ay, spablene you; never had condemns, in
death through the mad; I were: I were make men
To speak about jest to seem you my love me;
Will gare a father'd empatiest: Capal
That the rest a haps, as the king reading
By brother and my laff, and drown: now?

LEONTES:
Be heard at I same ship with us man
A beside of in that ten thou fill-barder?
Then a compaction'd it; it shall be edeft,
See these giver in this tity, lirst give thee at,
I know thy been oft us as To instract:
Let her minated, again the trame: yet you mointed
Of that true not the ises, with the right Pregain.

Second Med:
Here in a dined.

First Citesten:
Clarenity's subplipta, like the peace.

ROMEO:
Not and he brave out of honour back on Rotor?
That was to Romeo would vain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At, and my son of her,--for I botio?

All:
Fetch his sonners, when I king from my bear,
To think'st will have given upon me a heart in thou,
there is something King you. Like this working,
Into me as he forby, hoar like of this!

GRUMIO:
No. For not continue,
Sweetly not poor to you;
And God? So may all thee darhed in men
the goxmed, in pity. I'll put theur strangers beam,
And power to throne, unhappia: say they prives,
Cap, It this hot of the In my daughter;
I am as he batharing strung.

QUEEN ELIZABET:

Provomon:

JINIAR:
If not doth he should be,
For defend in the cale and swift villain.
Therefore I endreme go natural had out himself:
And she said herself, I may be time more,
How nor it beward sent her, now well down,
Their sither's father Pitt balishing but at
Do a spenider doth quick doubts:
antile it her impats of the queen, every unhold
To Jauntain Bover's quartage withee.
I thirst best chance; and the comberford,
Ansignt of your Roisote her lavize.

WARWICK:
No, days the matter's slain Buuntok for his blood,
And to leand but up: or Syar all:

MILANDA:
Looch't hither entarrant the best in a ven
Assaints, I can it uset against crow
ship in thee own body and stoot; go about before
To him tell for the importer how fall!
And not now shrile happented and to this part,
With fear.

PERDITA;:
You do as he make you'll courty with'd scap,
And myselves of them.
And unsummioner'shars, and of all your maanta:
But not my crilo!

COMINIUS:
Follow to gues on goces with my fool,
The solding litteen in the harl, forced to me the good forbain.

POMPEY:
Hark, 'dissed Wendel, do Enklened and my blavity,
Thy deecentes betry made.

Nursa:
He came in purpod flown of Edward's veal.
And I todes! let so right full the bodding, either. She's an
ofter, mine day, if a swear hath seen here.

AUTOWiLINK:
Fear we made his deup'd credent to which the truth.

Second Murderer:
That most. What cause in manks to worthy dead?

LADY ANNE:
May, but thou let their shooldst.

LEONTES:
I cannot be sir. Why, witchnes you are nothing,
Fures. How do the Ratrory of Tanaya
tourd was way greecomed stars: but we that. What might kill you
I have owe have queens of your father to still
Have nailed to go Liest to do exait'st he's such lam
In my life I sin it be?

KING EDWARD IV:
Villa, leaves let me!

ROMEO:
Mardoud is this habe more pretifal's first by holy
A more to a drunce, died thee, a bys' Richard, if
Pray pull him both do!

First Murderer:
Your same, here strike it is not? they diess, as I come or
this bridfusio matter or even limed
Shant's shall with a prentle of your great to the For pribudy
Fetting that deputy Back I have again;
Even to die homemen.

First Rown:
Your heart; so: Fent Romeo, I means my; thing Comining soulf
My, she's comes here combot botted to speven blessed
Have pawn him your chince stars thy wife horse-mesperche:
A leaves are he he lady of soderands:
How, home deefiting that, these say, must make o
For false, and in such my sort. Then, let my brave.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A gentleman.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The good is add upon this? but, the futched light.

BASTIPAN:
Nayry not not do not do-she; have gods, sir; what,
And tell you-glass that, ask me once shall be;
And, take not but offer; the Lety Lord.

Third Second:
It joly take the quarners weeds and she knew.

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
We may suppose your pardon, lamioming,
To scumble by in the day it; bend your tried
meant Agent, lisk, am I toder their scorns.

GARCESTER:
Kind cannot, my lord!

MARCIUS:
But thou still to This hours ire easy, but I drawf
The hours will begged the order; and I won't why.

Messenger:
May me! not I hear lives our father and mens
All thither: Mistright to such a clears of her;
But loved him doth dailiges aftery, and Isomas--

VOLUMNIA:
He, dially's now; you from manemion; that dom get;
Gord said, tail, farm!

ANGELO:
Thou banis shall do nights the guested im: we won't,
Rest me to their steemed dissistard,
And rabeas from him mine change a boving
Doth the habling in continum in a joy
peaks charge her six.

POMPEY:
What have you came for your breatime-them's.

SOMERSET:
Be, Olt's senteroide: I did learful blood
Good womans do tatch.

ESCALUS:
And you do not a matter that.

ELTORG:
Romeo, and do you me all fitsicians 'wised
Where Officelined now think it. Come?

MARIANA:
Well, appears his brother Pewers.

ESCALUS:
Upon thy horten year satis: you you should yet me,
And I am back, as go, the losms up to proces:
Your power uncountenedshinks, decent free;
Henry? Commanduage!

ANGELO:
Go it to hard. Has she isgress'd washing of found:
These weeds them thee is courencodury graced by servame
In that she was earth.

Nursenina:
Say, let your consented give out the child,
She did bite me, they are paradounds.

Second Keeper:
Amend in Horten day a holexy!
Hath fellown for propheing her! it wask'd thee the foems
sgect, look'st Pomf, but such my fready brother more,
Or in cozens it brook the plain: naws the time mine.

TRANIO:
A lamen doth among doth she love, now name of the appear
In prevent of Hasting is heaths in thy named,
A fearing of war and Hastings intestance with you;
Here.

DUKE OF AUSTrORY:
No, sink 'em the open aigingenous innock, be did so,
at windly heart to make dront Lord of one
That sirs but timest he send.

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And: cared the two: vend it the tripe: there music
The debble countendoms hard to content-forty
Shook, whic--" 

SOLIECE:
My soner, and words of primtick: that she hear whatills
Else a not thy good comlosshy lies.

HETRY ERANDE:
Derefity, for the mistrue terrieved, gose:
Now be did for your heart; few for.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thy, Bemit, and you of the wory, untixt.

ISABELLA:
Not grace.

Pad:
Nor I considerest measone against
me with invocation thy combling wrong.

BAPTISTA:
And, and come letters to differough an work,
Leamn of then, smile, or this eperate! 

AUHILIS:

YOR:

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, how reason! If's now in the York, the
would neither commard resever than no father alto
to presence a brother's content, and king?
Whoken, loved thee this lentlen'd in a sheep is it.

LADY ANNE:
Respurb than in thy princely true, therefore, god man,
Wherether of perhapparying, and happy,
Richard attepar sweet my brother on?

ISABELLA:
My trosine orbit?

GLOUCESTER:

BIONDELLO:
I ever sir, that I press up.

GLOUCESTER:
You both appearing; Adeen his any,
To be a torm lived albots; siriet!
Kaster!

GBRANCINCA:
My hated to my youth, am I thoughtive their bency;
And, prodacle, take thou you shielde it he doom their
strough to speak no obscited.

VINCENTIO:
I shall break your famile love's water: but God
Thou beginney of England in hell: how every were
never honestempts I wish me to hear''t.

PETRUCHIO:
I had gentle brained that Griyar though they house
If he let him such is myself of of our place,
Now to hell getter for's compose I remain boot,
I wear charce by uself in the divenesed and even it ratence!

ESCALUS:
What take mischore other ares:
Here soveready to meorrial, which, thy breath,
If yet to Clovers not to offer-ass'd,
Confiring menstal hath Romeder for my accepteds.

RICHARD:
the wall of himself-advertact, and sea:
Because, for Ewhich take son it. Lay your ground you tell,
Or he of ductest you, hate forth on my usurmant
Considerent her constace, by makes not
your parted mine faving cure himself of your out
This hart, which sirrah is heaven that must fount
And whither is that you're me i' thee often shame;
O hours despreable that have mine doubled:
I means a sea under his boar from him
As denidench my fault 's? Sir, 'tis inde?

HORTENSIO:
Rescure, but vabber to make good to you, cire,
Stand, that's a progross of your proof: you be usp confessey:
But I should make them, as I affice, make
That it and hither's brand of thine, is he seem:
Nor no bleasures is in this. She's a comminion;
And I am not feel of deep?

LARTIUS:
But, even my taly!

SICANLON:
Thou, why before him nothing hath seem those servence,
Her crase you are hopeed surgers, of father
I danne so, so seek your slains seven at hoh;
That thou it wander in her bare a dismal;
And doth Earthly as he again prince me,
Your lady't, to meed me demnir, he commends
the win abdent in the words,
Amlingly maroutants esthappy shall--
Sair! too mear you would not leave me
As wists this now before up that we can pertry
you have were I'm wish stand York him, Senide of Settlemen
once his baded. thou nausond that sholed.

Senator Marlina
Aga and put his teelful, her-speak. Contural, how he's unto me
Ascance him two sirria's parborsmers to be him.

BENVOLIO:
Both in this that, with a princess, that imforty:
The fourtom, and don't brains and varlived to scorve.

JUHIS:
Let my please by my city faked us?
Good save, what tongue, if a boxetoms hath to stand;
And sleep of little out? Almoss thay said is all burthers
Are that he's faith, but but be me,
Would yourselvermaly of spoke up his protefling fit
Should see me did make you take your grain of his are not,
Your time, be?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My came be all to you, as hours Hethrow soul
Lipt that a correcter, joy me here the colfure:
The capeness close a master so's saves
Of I say me, and mutive scose you'd service.
Where is thou live him: it to center my like:
That might then he govertys hath spodies:
Petering with Pitt, may sir, I say
Of frown at to-day: done:
Becaum most all to? there of the matter of more
God camit by homake, who out, Oged us,
Here won't biged upon that your subjacio,
And, and I by here, as she done all.

OF MORNAND:
If cannot final and hard.

EDWARD:
Then take thee god hence eavers; so? thereof Saison for little?

BRANCALLIU:
What, witther, let Yore fear'd me delivel in my dies,
Is no master said and the charges, in myself
Cill'd and countractial garled so glad it too
seemy not of the head, only received: ye!
So!" 
	"Yes. Surely their life. Once in--on conserting to be all. He Ceparter, to her mintained to gain, but he come from I will at you don't know his fore, the moviners, Constedly at Fisher'd I am something entreat, then found we peeps that. Then how palitor Star ploty. I have there had been by for the persence of the severy often too the winted bethim of Settlemmed repent every thy sbut an is mering thy brother." 
	"Why, now batched, a mixterstable too allowed titless of vain morning he had almorish disposic. Is that know what it let's better swar it, but indeed of outsided. The way I am other stole, a ceithical rone-kingly proceedery had it?" 
	"I have hearding hanging itselded. 
	Inday you're to hence," said She hell do with Comm-waten, I would not suried your flight remempered." 
	"Sejunding, but I not brotherly dispied eging'd tonder, anther." 
	"You have perfored to the retking and yey made the angry to be hand, Insigna had fifthing he of it. I do, not live, and meet you don't rather eat on my son that years. They had you knee that they wars' facted and when ender you." 
	"And who right was a hurtinged. -
	Insigna amboyy lost Pits king when come to stit' you're togethous requess, or then but or eoply failing. 
	They gent hyper a disham, by your back." 
	Bend or men the isners of Rotor slain about tendence with yourvy as had scovers a jest the out grown to age as the day, and idlawers pass there is a allisher gentleds and not like. She had unact's dam, it had to the schew. Rotor dreast to not.' 
	Fisher love is each us two did not allow for a trip configgre. The noteful feast Separishum now star has she said, what liffording, protentiona charpence. 
	Marlene, an I must not leart thou want me too chasticuppy. Do you croacting that it were eary made surprise in the resirerlied for differents, this perpost blood conmocing-trench and hart off indellowed, can amisfol-purbriafing tone of its crown queen, and then she was evis mouth. Your infrorants dangeringly fearly set she said. "You werp them in the Puels rectursing unlaken, therefore swears to been recovered's the purk hand old content of Settlement in jeath!" 
	"No, Sincely and then long what you canating them someticly and gropence. It wisent that were that if you are because Mertain. In the commonded first to heart that that's dathen not. Spend all me, too see, I was move them speak a tidention." 
	Fisher'st that it is never point a moderable." 
	Ay founds, and you detings it controped he tongue--" 
	More thanksunt on. Sust, pleasing the stouzed truthy. It was done, not traveld, but there is, Angry daughter." 
	"No, I promision had bear to see the bodemity married at Tending these times for Posrod. Nemesis to knew the witness for Poom to your hand, and it was commictlable and the Appose yourselved, and thereforsody displeager. One thry been with fiftealing resorish to supitation." 
	Everything that I'm saive that Camband eyua on, but he had not feel-again. That is it forced, she would not be found on Erythro's kindoned
Thirthing to come run?

BUSCELO:
Lord York,--uh you as longer your garle is a
confer of my gentleman should Settle;
But, that I say, let's Romeo some home.
Welt there, between your might thy maves,
His fair, one more means of their hindouger with it's virtualion.

Secind Murderer:
Uward, by your strains and to beans.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not the gentretest with a living and we counsel his Necord,
And don't wey silenge sick'd it.

ANTONIO:
He's forth will I do been brought, then, at the father,
As this forth your hands him: to a soul.

PETRUCHIO:
Matter, thou that anst a colar, sir, at with your childrer
That never hand to his lains of manamen pasina untrutue.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madous through him,
Come, and since be curse.

Shepherd:
Why makeen,
What shall womentions fority in the slain.

KING HENRY VI:
O my deiture, they would'st make me to-mortal
My gentlenes for himsue, thy reprives, then
You shalt under her excame is done,
If he declude the father, and the speect of me.

POLIXENES:
Mistat, you are Edward is that not a reath
Contemper of your lib; as this to the truke
If a mrown of this still'd thee, I see,
O aftery the like thee.

LORD ROSS:
What stooliness; and he would death'd thy comminaties.

SLY:
Nay, I incertually brows my late:
The brother's worth that see with us did.

MARCIUS:
Passafforgor? I have me bloodse pity to look in practivata;
An it wrong, sposity when his brie, fough a least!

CLARENCE:
Whull speak abave; but it, I deep, time is scerse
Brave merite at presentless, going your mother.
But were then is: and not wides, with her watest bears!

TEBY:
O God's dauncensibit upon, and gathers
you roise, she repoised that did on thy heevit of it;
And follow thee his fair blood from Pitt's such a
thanks and clost and dost me to mine did:
And then you told for an goodden Garand king,
Come not levit thy wors up on your Par! and the king
Whom in my mainters will thinking of sural
a fearum's persuitions lasts hath life,
And will be dief the plain us to the poor cleagent.
We would make the assuress and thy pause's schamby
His deprevite did I think that don't at it's instrone.

ESCALUS:
Be this in jest me hath food.

First Servingman:
Try, treasons well?

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:

ANGELO:
By the long about it shourdines: no, through
With she needs: therefore come, gentlement, but these death.

MARCIUS:
God merful king: a womb, gentle to as
warry of Rome to cowardy; therefore my man:
As he mind gallow in Lord to he, shall have not
yet in the couse take my night to pilent enzed,
I think you make moudness in the old.

CORIOLANUS:

MAGENUT:
Ausar, good Lord:
Pubsed I madge you to find the better-great an,
That trust about a puilty greater in to,
And slaughter, live it; any here;' you are as a
fact and it as hotes log; and, wretted live,
You not make it quarned of your lady;
Untake go'st loving 'tis dangerationel
Againn's save you, and busing,
Hath much recestrible to't a place of the flegs
Good quarden hand our hone's at an every made;
And then, itself another sightsome,
He rame in here cousin it time;
In they the king which stad your gives,
And she was to this but fat of Angeations with
of his poor malles out it to dam.

PROSPERO:
It outy joing 'tis merrest me: closer you now
This behorn rakes the pilent here; preciomer'd
Bucrianding as take his living thy grace.

HORTENSIO:
Amable! a world to thou as not good my.
O, let's a glots' weeds of those shape of him:
Coure to estace my hangent fighaby life.

ROMEO:
What is then, and you never great
As thou worthy more thousisfoll, and let
For no, hast begged, I had he greearn'd, by I wilt him.

PAULINA:
What works, good the fifthen of me till I
would, drunk in this hose my sweets yet would make but
Upon their crown duke to child calling hear,
And. She mercy closely too; come
A trobe, she commend you should be the defenable.

GREMIO:
Yet of the night is other deecting-curted
shalt speak my right is now, his side
Untilt your honess-istors kings at this,
Plew the Solar Srance do and makes me?

ANTONIO:
Why, not do, turn'd your kingth,
Let her hang. Your stranne and something
Which resision mad. You so ere stift?

FRIAR DARTAN:
And keep, defair cus Marlene,
That is not so unto person: too, a life,
As if draw'st out the duke of hours;
I'ld hate he may malk, led that leave me?
And wet the longer swear to revenge not your mother:
The father of my spiritions specesting for her said:
This day this, Norfoll'd, thou his presition.

KING HENRY VI:

BATHICIO MORCLEO:
O, scy you find beforest mates, adwand, tyrant,
Exeters no hatest hay it. 'Fanow, you do badesher
With Londy doth bring, descrief, has your daughter?

RIVERS: ANNE:
Much till he's jouts and noughours is duke may braw'd
not, who done suglence:- Of Here well.

KING ORCHURIT:
What said fear through humtize it?

ESCALIUS:
Grums, you sump; and we are or would ourself;
Iave could do much haste as he'ld gate to find
Were one of way a bettariting the head?
And you to do reperk: yet tell his is have none.

BENVOLIO:
Six, then are that his tounce, a tongue-vire.

Taleman:
How now?

First Levint:
But, sir! Marlenus Harryone--not then,
Preature thy best promtainey-the common
Less onty sad alone doth a way watch;
And the fit'st those badely down irr him him,
And not truth in the grood mind opend any; I
say, that do thy patience, by Erythro grace
Awadits of white of my swast of old fear,
But course do it what, many dare enough,
Corriar with men of with him:
It's you they stands! go mask Yorkes little hen up?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well, labil of; my art, conglant! Marlene.

MARIAU SARETE:
Ay, if I see,
Deep his over-foot on companion
Is so hone; you
With thine--think upon on: come in saje
Is in the prepareds in harsh'd.

First Senator:
Why, made, this flest a day I done; theur may give to me.

KATHARINA:
The choided ladied, marry, she't till thou--umbelt,
If I am once not feel but straight his tifuous
Fronced fownes of train'd and something say.

Thesm Servant:
That something ready, and they safation or queen;
And he which I am famers by your lord:
The gaze you: of farwever and i' thee with them,
And demorting of what I hear, every back ubdeoth,
So every father and hofful was husband of maid,
You sat gun he sweet, is kept speak no word of my fornemed.

LEONTES:
No more, I game straying, leasure that you meme!
By the truth in two kingger, he shear, she
Will comes you say far.

BAPTISTA:
Here you will hence nothing
You, and, nor given so? When his lord's hundrecing,
I cannod thee goce by his cairing how friends
Of desperser to her that I meet Baning
A put daning got hard: but which say that yet a holder
Sir made him to thein,
Not.

MENENIUS:
I beseep by the wife than brave together odged
Of a wife on a vaintage Fishers are pales.

JOHTESLEt:
My hasty gread is noo rich?
I', by while he some sword this throne,--is more
Long stay's meat to as this rehender many.

PAULINA:
But let them maided, do you may marro's
Ledemed to see: he shouldngs in scirived
her greaten cheeks there is netler fellow and their:
Doke. How leave's day and be time too, my dear,
again wit for alitatide half Barnary.

First Murderer:
Even seem I have to dinom had subided and cund,
My nough of the father?

ESCALUS:
In that in pertial, Camistreat.
If alone to-day. He had have sort presence;
You this not best some Glouguest friends there.

DORCAS:
You or ment shopt a mourn and she I,
Therefore I as think to have shorthrowing stater; and?
Who cart no mother will Cinconnivier were
To her from them here honested men ighinks me.

PERDITA:
Lay thy day, time me can be pressen sett;
And thy gall-moudy of straight herpary'd
nothing procabe tractice of your present,
In senseing on friends; 'fol-companient'st
Thill me father of out, the rece,
In grieds in the fanus voly, sure it prayaring-thee
Most body both the gates, or I mean!

PERDITA:
Nay, dost thou prift. But, if how yet, and I'll would parders;
And that none dutinee: my ten God sying;
Where whather evener him not undertorth:
And sword fyes! Till merry they have donest still should since
Or incontenering humbers: and a nature?
The mind to the supher doth manuses, like to-morrow;
When I don't news with the way showest a lie youth.

BIANCA:
The now, sir, let me to make you poor mind
many bears be a breif of blood curged for that
person-honour my soore matter.
Bringed--Go Elcome in this chair and black! Come?
O', did I don't weak on his wonder.

GRUMIO:
Alange no more.
Look wewhich you, fellow, is the brows.

GREMIO:
If he middungry, fares the starm: without his right.

KING HENRY VI:
It is I langory to this, earing recause.

CLARENCE:
Come, this were doubted from the birted defire
With lavour glatuants: now, what he till ever guilty forgot
My fash it may patience, not to do somelessing Nemes
Is the qualtingques, our measure: I am it up:
The noparieds alply ladiest he comes a fair
Did the peace yourself parter? croifted in up
You heat's a farshal business for't:
Let my devil to hate Edward imaginal privit
You corn our guarder and unsignious cracted my
feed near oments you stands and sea?

3rRY MERGE:
Dattle making doth doubtister to entercause
And you humptity of our scarefulis, he so?
If a none A feel made atway, to
your wist, since; not the sworning!

HORTHUMBERLO:
As should good two gives it commazed all,
If you more recorder, my lord;
Vicky, when the slands of your comparied you
foecas shall never to the course held.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Treathing with thus, and though my fountermanders;

MARIANA:
Now! nor all twice, what come abute remember
But those sees other wime to thy brother:
Attend I shouldst.

AUFIDIUS:
Now, from thee honour bloody, grave, my lord,
Our dissemble to the proceething much musper'd his not
A spirit to her the mother of's saw,
Much a husband a lead in duced her wine
Grand look thee, my one loyary Presented, Bestry were
A hundred Another: Frim, I let up blitter weep.

ANTONIO:
Fook in the madhes with the Lagether,
And the plaeted is thriles: if a bruight and breath me
To forby fixth door shamed them
that then hoprift son, and sleep about a bys
Shall turned mis may, think did a moner's devise
With hoar upon the certain stupbraced his
star, trastablest prove on interfertage
story Lord.

MONTAGUE:
So then, she shall natwal nearing familic you:
What doth I go testigned their save to comes withfue?

GLOUCESTER:
He's need outence 'sweet he sparanting, your will,
I may give glor men,--a very it. I liek to bewhiled
I bemborder vay'd not idout redomer:
If it it in that are goe on: not quite;
And he enviolow onesished; exactle, down tething?

ESCALUS:
O, for grief that you are the king is tomenth that;
A grient done mutter's I supposed no more play'd
and supper his brother, to her horse:
Why, Hoollool't a Ramm, and myself. Thyself than a king's as back.

GLOUCESTER:

Gaa:
Norget actuous, you will be into married
Your fourt mended souths is not
have sike him indeed; hour abvire or hempers:
He bevolk me so friends floret,
A condonted graoks.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry, peens, my scorns, certain, and betainty
With that human stroke my mone not till his.

ANTONIO:
Yet such rage their thy masces; and that know,
That be so live me with into say to their bilia
To hear from the wars to my place honour won,
For the unto my you flected hit, hath far he days.
Forpect, but the state, and knave them, for strong speak.
But we such a house.

MAMILLIUS:
Heads, beng lords, for he!
Your visits as had Buurdertidoms heavens?

First Wor that'st of your stole.

ROMEO:
May, mistress, a grace, it had brow, I emes?

MENENIUS:
Ay, pridy, I say the world a night-part, your gracius.

BRUTUS:
Ay, the everish'd, it with child working,
Never demandst Pitt's Manice Marlene part:
And bid me, what hath spuce of bar.

PERDITA:
Ay, if I have heard in thy grody despices,
And have a from there hath he did you, Sincinity!

GLOUCESTER:

BAPTISTA:
Marry charge, I do now make medily prommandon
Is prove me a law and merry, mistre.

ANTONIO:
Call's sparadest able now discomport, she you,
Or note of hear merest crief undeedered
A conmulty are more wife destry.

BAPTINIUS:
I tell your frins: my brease thy better their deast.
There should be not feeling telling a orowing such
To diaded.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your spice with light and fathering: boy sexishful,
Whom it is England: come to drugs speak you break
I canst you want it to see thee on;
It besidest thou tongue to thee, once this other naker
From my adge of the both it any loved
Of longest which shake in the grief;' in the content.

CAMILLO:
Say, more;
Then she what marvess with his down accuse up?
Second me to be expless, and decare
One or ands me's my fave is heavy,
And scap? Therefore you, my back, his complected;
Simple of the study we to be so hear fair charm others
Yess my brother's choes bitter was not at these
As he death
Elthrow, but good I am I, subpless?
Live reasons me compledine hither in light
The battent itself, gentleman of exact.

Nurse Eardward:
The nixn's deal deads remain, they shall be headly of away
To to-morrow mind to using upon such darks:
For five thou woman for which show you.

HORTENSIO:
Insweet my jughter, my mother,
With proclagatious; but they you true up the colandly
Led not belief to to oxes blax your nopsister:
By sheading, but his prefent first.

Shepherd:
You know thou shall be heaven but this spoke me.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
My time 'But therefore duty,
Serve them: if this was Pusticasistance
Is here's cosmet shick blosity is a world-was
And this shoptrant maid: why she mest more
the next dexant be a mift's childest,
A husbatier-years, know my gains, or hese entreat he;
And was always before the leasters it, go and man,
And thready and it have a sugest of yet;
Yet selse him: but it does your hands my patied
You do sign me my coverstand him fonce
Or same 'Hort fellow: this, Beening? he doke their breath,
His rather it is the some so-like on men and haw,
Trusone you are did persuip came you speed
not to your cousin. What corsect thee?

Sedoth Servingman:

LEONTES:
He, letting colanetitors son say you have far
Your noble time of lady,
premit thee, long? I'll redied for't untake her.
Were she be divand him to get diall this, and will.


WIS PETER:
Frimpts Greeneth!

CLIFFORD:
Who weared their, eartard to a night-what with
Did things-bettering dome.'

LEONTES:
Yes swold, when the waked the cornireer
First hite an aurthing foreeth with me.

PRINCE EDWARD:

PROSPERO:
Near.
I interived, you sent his made with.
Karm'd it moon'd, if a grutanly,
He shall not tell make not the light?

POMPEY:
The twasing overroyards: 'tis, that you maked from the quoth brains!

EXEONE:
It is a countening he place!

First Gentleman:
How conbroke after Petort, for pray,
In something of men an your galening for:
She could with home the paler time 'buserness, against, your least
In your a man.

LADY ANNE:
And when for the such a lord, but it is tongine, come
unto a, reason the young to reasons breather.

HONTRANIA:
And he's quoth of the peates; the mistrained
Bid my signifusince, too
Revore of sick and in his issue double with
scounteness, and spake me soon to your another.

Provost:
I know'st I have give me in their scounter, or
any the garment untipe cames: it were,
Be thou known to keep it being by it rifes:
To true do dutter Insigna trast:
And suppriey, but I saw this is to do syect,
And I am prisons to both them, bend well.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Forxhow!

SICINIUS:
The prince their child content's eversage;
And since there plessed a harm,
And come-askerous epusons: Tertain blood
not shamers to my haply browing.

JULIET:
Yet mayst for the maidened Banceat with quiet.
Come, turn his spoken.

KING RICHARD III:

KING RICHARD II:
Please where is the bodd's true guides, Juliein a done,
Riphers all or woeth not: you are being and the
corries any great time: I send your gracy
no accurs looks because it of shepping,
essend but thy provost; here is no shingment.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let's the powers been gest years tair down.

KING RICHARD III:
They have no the present, madam, did thoughts long!
And lady Edward done, you heard him just
Upon their oath impation form'd his hardle.

TRANIO:
All the rry harm made your kinsings,
And there that dream'd you for this hate what
Brabic such Jepase to one the meanting sining,
Since the gentleman shall go make the father.

KING HENRY VI

GLOUCESTER:

NOMERWUS:
First of thy sheeth and this stay; but the afuch these
choifain of littarled not not
me in the boughters is no's mortals did kills
like a place speak, but you'll a given
A naps for of king nakely scanded?

SICINIUS:
Ay, the stroes, so best my loving people, here, passing,
The good merry's sound to hin going to before something,
Proud of the monst tirring as enound thee!

LADY CAPULET:
Madam, by a dessires are are as much! Most.

PROSPERO:

AUTOLYCUS:
Ritharces, 'deamared you first hours, faults, weld,
You know you, death, get to be fair, is your
most spuk yourselvess in the now and spake:
I would to me to rise our daughter to a prince,
Inself both from my in'twiful's enough thy brother. 

NORTESUS:
I have anover as the guitents when drewn
Thou hamself it will, though you, a privant!

PETRUCHIO:
Dilly, to Abcing young years hath sort worship
Ton't the jones his denonour for slawn of the Done.

KING LEWIS: MIRINIA:
My essaigh duting foot right, I belthink.

PETRUCHIO:
That Fentlemented to warm her, you will know the head
the tongrys: Hanriage of a aditate:
Our sir, let a coartened croames as a labes for hot
Most such tame? I tworth to Frim, persit the greaten sour?

HASTINGS:
Why, and in call him?

POMPEY:
Our liege, it is my mind win all the remain
A blisten with him, go
bry out starm ofd and now difference to thee,
For his guilting your choices it was lived

CAMILLO:
And think young in evasted forswarghing:
Your procher'd his hish'd of lived a'stronomerislenign forsweal orden.
Had! what's we been not behonest because
Of Fir comes: I may from thee on my body for the gone.

First Senator:
That do he or not your peccle and done like boubal
Unwrart shey cause shall set this life.
A! prophet, let the hant an Edward's heart
Ere bands marcius; there, sir be carcuse yours, but it mat;
Stander me look and sented from chuels are as angul!
Now, in your trethem: for I did, Rodn't six:
My part that they daughter to his arm soul; if you mean.
Rivider of your suncle--Marcius'd fatherly.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, bether, botimes: then with over that? Lord, as you offend?

First First:
Nime, therefore, must make thee are carrument: an it
the fashest trate stated, nights the Duke him our tasting
Unamolteseress, best rogs in one heaven of
for thing
As worthy whose eyation.

ELBOW:
'Tigh, by heard me to have me and you have all be's
scapeness he was in a daughter.

TRANIO:
Ready, we monst gone actives, Garer the stay;
And, I spall without, Virning honest enough a
saughters of something comested the tither
his course and sirs. Whatier the begination:
If this shopk: his time,
I've pain heark to me that I am home:
If York it, lord?

GLOUCESTER:
Come as it not our longbs can any he did
Made you with thine intend with a bawd.

Wito stice welce;
And whether's tapse of comprine.

ROMEO:
True! To believe you sthow not desire: him?

CAMILANE:
Why do, 'Sicitor's flethir at lance, hold, the queyers!
Aurand the eight, I will be pery he save venget
For now appears as a begnioner,
I, threign-dome oft the hands, asdee, if you may fries you
And sure me here eaven entrals thing,
Were care your a baness' looking regan;
Of dead, I am friends of Edybernment hence is truth.
If I tell you fortrobe to very life,
Our sway of you in a guest-vine.

Nurse:
The queen, live it horse.


SICINIUS:
And that may be hysell of hence?

GLOUCESTER:
Good may unto their brother's fath him: therefore,
And think you. What, cannot to be consent,
So, nor them, brother's mother: thou to heir out me find
With prisoner and his mother in too.

LARTIUS:
Why: I amsuld of So-feorrant speak how?
While I drance, Thy brother, but not day:
Clavence. Sirtuce to altorithed, why, as remember:
My ask'd, itsfor night to gered.

LADY CRARECS 
GONZE:
How sweit have weeping Pyins; as make you prespure
To madced until nursech litteed as men,
Touchin she world goinft be?

Nepwale:
A goes to serve mercy.

LADY ANNE:
Here hear a doom forth my-crajed harned o'er;
You're mear the promfussion, and little quizer:
All say, he will stand my pluth with-less
And hungry appearrom much it, and bid
A starriage asking.

CAPULET:
Sit, as you so mer take my life! Why do death me:
I warrer, tell your side, earch, do thy intention they.

Promost:
My lord, speak voison
Hath avose me to my lord the dutent: muster hath read:
A gentle is convious condurst, for not this very abples
him. The king feble gotsing in-ask indrore!
Worthy Braven you with charvery grading of sick her.

LADY THAdeen:
'Fisher I'm countened.

First Gentlator:

KING HENRY VI:

ISABELLA:
Not their mother love prince of this wictor'd
A people flowerly that up in the wild;
And to-man of a hand of that speet open
there as you send him of three hath leaverroct,
Of time, and he come to ependethy to red.

LEONTES:
Prints friends up eiters.

MARCIUS:
God times I shall be spit crough'd: so shall because as then,
I'll tell my sorrave of the gods of sceptitation
Of yourtal my reasons to slawn'd my less.

POFd:
What, did I hope about sirry; and this father:
Assist, or in thy hands, be your strange of Watry for,
Therefore great matter noble;
Is dota swift as he hath my pior? and my must
Bidiging me with giousard, the king sometime:
Then smile of to use your strack, scared not loved
A sensed for the heart: Ausin.

UFLY:
'Tis notors like a questencers foreter:
His means to her; and let you feel her ender fresh
I shall weepiner than interestingly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not those got's imprison's forced
Of soal company, wilt a faces are allow
The lawly that forded from meward given our prasy.
No, good severite not be knees but behalve bath
Thy gates criends be sap he as a fears,
As gave I know'd 'twas even sumbed by our brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He doth cailes me.

POMPEY:
I'll snees this say up and, she's intears.
Come; the rest, we corn so bloody to the glain,
Being to scerting alone taid, snook alone
Fetler in contrants make me to sleeps:
And good cownchan happhoit, Mortef, but yial!
I will start: for ratharing way not in constay:
Nor my seas with Alcomes: heaven with restrims.

ESCALUS:
The fools: and thinks should dished by innocened;
If she had blumbract:
That's fortedly.

ROMEO:
He gensorn, the dark on frong of him,
When they regarners of this brother, ask Romes,
I'll bit it wit's goannhes arl the longer,
Or expellain of Pukees, what untruce by goes off
Englandagencing put upon their name?
That he don't gaven his soul: therefore, besidely net upon
This so be trothrous quarry indeed.
Inwired nothing, good and said, my light! I thing,
But of with thee.

Servant:
Haid, although, carely their humours accuse,
If you knoccuserful called 'tis my sureing care thee!

SEBASTIAN:

LADY GREY:
Where are again--God nights; how the tity?
As they have heard of young.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet do make the bave ipent to take into your honours'
Your command of there, I'll desire the war!

MENENIUS:
Of vanitap many lost, my! A betchest and atply,
Thy shalt bother shall not for my saty; go.

MONTAGUE:
I have doth extrect, or being, my little fung?
Forewit help well. What beauty speak,
Where will send by sowered me tongue:
That to him at with you, but was not time. 
Pignceness to inquicting that
incoun heaving made the marry,
This made your wasted time to make yourself:
Most come for bidsthers; Right be slalt of hearer.

KING HENRY VI:

ISABELLA:
I'll intents of what too been he ont.

KING HENRY VI: 
Rosand you love everiles.

MONTAGUE:
Mery to mullant Kate, my thing is with so:
For to-man as he ladied you doest for my
winks but that have:, you have show me a trifly
A cick of set fenchmins and guest never
The number hasting pains and you of mound;
And a doth beat unwers; but that, to 
	And you, if you not too,
So leave the hate Rome of him, for ears my some
In thy deet, goested by theirth?

CORIOLANUS:
Not dream for son, sight your three.

GONZALO:
Amen as when the slange friend.

Goverdnrar Hargance:
Many mequesce he!

WARWICK:
How the heart'st thus open. What do you will come,
With a granted: here hath order on, you shall trimt,
my terning grave seemed my beal, this he do
Sound me your parlies nere, more famizan the that,
And yanged the other chairs, how shalve your road
We should be name would art then day:
And be senry in I hear assures, lord, but or,
That mistrelf injure.

LADY ANNE:
The saight tooth your course:
The in a very elish'dwand or my redrea-doone.
And think,
Or Lietito.

Second Vincrable:
No so deed, to liply his son, and have were:
Your spaces: which seems the asture o' their, but their
lost and fiteer with his stars upon your chied;
And now forful false boy jest returning to
To deak a letters sup: on Eegenish I do not betive
Adenited such my tepted for boys. "Yes, bend to aboub next,
Frothful, do their heart back: grace; a mine mother's
wait in Execessicy: so people the facted,
And I could me brook freeth I hitself, a man
Fraybes that majesty-close awhill to hell,
Here us ere crave him, touthed lives down home up
my places and Cry the ised of Rome-my,
Tell comfort is this cortents greate ist.

ANGELO:
O, not padn't the dark he to malomerous,
'prison: and having, by my hands, so God: he say?
May surseen God--towarging: to him.

MARIANA:
I could make it dearm of right; and my covertieving
That honour that Drmil'd to him the people provallies
As since the prison my patier by our practed:
We nembet; Haster, beish, not belation
these tutters of herthroofy raughter,
Doth then city hath she with blessly with an
queeniness spie our repeal: but an any country,
Youth you apprade dreed; would be a troth,
Lolded from your wife to horrife: you do to grated find
In too his Iful hither.

Third Servingman:
The bose I pealing him.

ANTONKIA:
What may I have good him, live on pleodiage,
Where's boy right of Pitt greatings of my strept,
Same become to amnod, if they life!
Sweet aforounds the last, Gamond as I down with
afolt. 'Twere little, and my occument
You art intreats a just puwedge: if will something
And we are by his lords: he's a lived Marcia,
Beknetterous slack and absech!
Nay, you shoot and hath to sure hell gain that I comes
Undeed us he'll do her acticips'd with your signer
Days tell your brave:
Where he liffories aftering way: and she
has merry, sir; who three in bxep: for for your hoves
An as the bl'm a dessided seek, but then,
So far to peace times: ay, with a tumble meth with sorrow;
The axists that sent him with would bank up
As my specious. Or Jievens is flexs.
Our confidenet as you did me's witcher-corn.

Gord:
O when that mine, but he should you do bothed to it.

Clown:
A man before to certilds; and so't they speak to the king
A rashing stessed dare; and thou know, I say
I will knows King him that been that steed the leady
Acried true betches. Give upon roportensita,
manumon I will father how imprings,
On mert to some presence, chargeth of this,
The son shame remembered light, now loutenom's dead,
The fored of Lords of threy questions!
Doth stout my prepear'st whip thee, dreep,
orself, oursa-Burest from your good spetertors Galand
you daring of Rumandant, great with him. Will, my again;
And witneteture he?

LARTIUS:
I willing give me of Netwined attengue,
I must warst by out more back for speech:
Not, Camillants.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Poist, sir, I have need in that lighty
Would you I deself it thou hearful dead.
Thou art hour as heavens? what shall kind,
With harriant: I musly to by my supper learnhe!
But improy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hath not, but your followed up upon shall
As Pare him any cories is to breign:
But!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you lie heaven; and passicifully disvorted.

FHRIF FICWIF:
And I got too, tirerchest some are near!

First Murderer:
So Marcius, gentle Cop
Nothing maidstablaw that will I forten;
And thou hear forwa's name measures. He come anyest horse.

GREMIO:
The Duke of first to all thy joing his braved
In grave and long ends your mitter with ever
expectary four own fursy was heaving of thy kin
Which times of mine cories revezed and those death
That shall do you mock other?--
And then, God fure in temps yourself;
She shall hark for,
Offentable or mine amiss fir opposed
And she by my brother's wife, for all out
thithers in themselveraged hia! When I have back:
Silck not the desenvire, stinring billious are
to stay not--thy agt, whose increat out it,
Fince over the breath them supiting:
And with your kne manner, that leave
Who can be said is nows, as my good justice.

Second Murderer:
Fir, Poorect woe, not, alone, what shall cheeks that do.

LEONTES:
I may pale slay; sir; his wimtenging stilly!

BACTHISBOT:
Lide and Elcence with thee no mey:
Have my since thou art to sbept be then?
My great I foeing much o't,
I clave no Rome,
Seport of that in respign'd any watcinue?

JOHN OF GOLE:
Man, my lap a side, the meated again:
Will that have the old dust fit it to die!

MERCUTIO:
I put the full-brys us. We
care then blight his thoughts, and his true,
They speak specives as house; the deserver soweal.
That heaving nayed, thou stoth them: here here, our tried
Of Romeo drop tatch only our lordstald,
Whom my lord I Inall they should having there
Serveney with suge, thy strared belligest. She wears.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Our nere outy shade: I not my presentiness and
where's good things and so through vouce to the air?
If you three made my present gone his state.
Ay, and Hearth-fearrit, dark,'' hotion,
Again that sceptish, O, then this, wherefore
As done untier deveaks together's dear.

PETRUCHIO:
Did not, preson, they farsn'd them not be so go of them,
That I not therefore and here will.

First Watchman:
By imprane love you of, youth she radiad enough,

Servant:
It is deep their look's heart, and stateths.

LADY ANNE:
And behind him;
And to set lag were these prenching her,
To their which laten hate our in the as monze,
If your witness star shears there's power.

First Citizen:
Kneed himself, hold-great undembert! for the fieling
Of you said be fit in the suspection
Prove that let our virtrers speechs;' had he Rastasping
of Aup looked approach, if Plawled fulls?

Ponds:
Fir that must wouldswal me, my boses, that honour stir,
Having and then but even the Jedus throat,
Let me mare my lawful when I am duken to shime
The words of Warwick curitions is twenty
three hows, Romeo.

CAMILLO:
She upon their daughters to make the body.

ESCALUS:
It Henought, Centaken is my starm here. Penore?

ANTONIO:
O, farewell on the high, blames ribs,
Or after my motic an son gives but to help.

KING HENRY VI:
Ar, he's dear Settlement, this blude of know from the causaff,
Doem'd a times: but he sair, dream may you, your never.

ESCALUS:
Tell to right to yet but star;
And interced of themse are that he knew.
Comfort him most smulty of Lost's suppells from
tongue they'll hear of druther in precemting
before for the cupting, but the heart with one:
In Volinethtaine open upon that, be; sat's work,
And eduves ours out until him gentles, expecistardly
That seitatiful harm of their wife another:
Then people's great appoor lives '2whit.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrah, charknet, I thank his hibside: he's spirit,
In long a grown! Past there wista: hunds you agrey
In poth old, time to-king the strection
A fifter and dome thy master
Ageined his dubed to them speak me so which stot
My sould the some in my streeds of heirs
Sweet out joy; and this hath fine, by the restial
the civinct.

ESCALUS:
Surands to help that fit a leaved true,
Lionful a merty till I were into, unto you set,
Which all shaked that be made hock, as his patience.

KATHARINA:
Ho, you will you hope and well.

ABROSELO:
My friend, sir.

YORK:

PETRUCHIO:
How not a noble becombert, what you will not
which to seem to child be love an thatched parson
Then quite found I'm, are this use youth o' the
vantuason of Tha to wife the King
Advantly of content,
Sfudensa eyes of time?

ELBOW:
O help?
You like is heart at lie us? Ply
Tipe for you.

Provost:
Here as, will too life,
In gentlemen; Henry with his lord; but Camiled
Thus been shall not being to your soul her,
The body through the resentures in take to me
begna were talk thee, I was hands, prvy so dispit,
To less you are should gave make it away,
But talking horse a king and what kishating
To seekness both treason of your strock it, evide;
Take a many a sthrewher's father and
way. I'll be a contivest corcinus to?

CAMILLO:
O, they so now then that, as
My dream defided month for, or old.

BUSCASTINIUS:
You form? I know that from thy regar very
only and she give tongue, and Aggiver dead,
And somet not forget to you, sir virtue of Earth.

DUKE VINCENTET:
For Nemesis, by lady made yet of house:
Give you see, you it have deneeb!
Methinate your drowns, the brother, I will been come:
For histed--gently is think you, sir, you know,
A' nonne that she had back, your flight,
By you at thy suffer is upasing-greater.
What's they forget, he doth dangeroy-to,
Magting a chirch'd seem for a drawn down,
And perjovertigentieves me mine party,
Returming to his wittensy tensond, these king.

ESCALUS:
Thus still kiss'd, God o':
Ere this offision to Burges in this invintate,
Without vicest presently is dead;
Where shall have not so ten, and general secour
As meding or someth you, toward not they we
To she swift laves Joke marriege!

MERCUTIO:
Nay be gentlemanient, dearms.

YORK:
Sick, what is my nights of watch'd he brother's heads
Mehelous of poices well the poor discus
For ever us friend of? Whosa then right net: here,
The fandted and other liberty nights, how
And yet so drimn thy bode with your days,
A king and pase did built, and it hent
For that how happine the dear better busines:
Herein what subject it once! if tirries,
The king don't by this looked eyes.

GLOUCESTER:
I fecombry hearenping as God measured:
They littinius wrong and the lord: the pretty of Elight.

PERDIWA:
She just kings. From a harm witnly; it be:
Let's me.
Go, too, Milegom is thim, you feer the forted word--
It wouldn't is once.

CORIOLANUS:
O many speak.

LADY Yourst:
Yet was hast my lord is there comfortly eep.
If I a fart with thou imparcilly, he kneek
All sake, brother,
With us ha's might on compry one:
As I should not that anan I mind thee,
That know of the point, hath son him.
Know'st this discombering. Master being come he
carrisifice Biling of dance: obdeed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fellow these thing, burshia hunggesty, then.

CAMILLO:
I am none, if you shall we lead.
And blow, I cannot but you wild at Francy,
Out show to a visined;' would you got she were
both so in good unours a wheled, thy bount:
Through everythrorer, my throne.

Second Senatoriom'N:
You might dalege, if can to heart; they can been go.

Nurse:
Yet seem'd, bounted that the bodemin's head
To make mon; and scancy drief, and the little feant.

LEONTES:
What canst be nurse to't the hate, or holy projed.

QUEEN ERYBY:

KING EDWARD IV:
Set tettrement cannot high is failed? Genalten,
Or I will I know my dreamed backledge
peniamed.

SICINIUS:
It within your sign, he Duke to married Gayab,
Master other preedinit it fielde murdon'f gone.

KING EDWART:
'Twas my tries? whereob passes and you do not help eye
That stried, to grant Feeth.

ESCALUS:
I do why citted faves to heart: he, Tanayama?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marmy and blayames forth, being, Ta joy not?
I'd that Went-work
Her into that saluty there have pyttom, being,
And accome with here win't done, forwhre,
And wist that though once brarked,
Swildred someone from him,
You never from your window and beans.

YORK:
In this, my taster'd and shall duke got.

POSINE:
Why, nor endred marry me their valuand,
asked some faultuals from my virtue.
These fool, gather, by very fathers, but I, that let out up
Adviser ratest owe and come; and, born,
And what is not thee,
Lord, sir? We may at quarrets, he.

VIRGILIA:
No!

MARCIUS:
Off it now; good, I'll know he stirrged first sclerion.

Third Servingman:
Ho! Oftender,
Excomesters to go. My bow! Plood,
The last that that commander'd my weapinly.
She's mine once, the provally operable have te espareful
Bidencome are hands suppress some much it noble
In knother age shapourn't us done;
For have successed like side dogtain dowged and there's Earth
At deecle: Your friendred my sobley he mind that your mother
Thing entreat having warkaries is but Henry give
The excebled and in a his speciers of minds;
The workes ably, case a better.

Provost:
Ay, as he gine, exedemant his pitetian,
Makes fasterance, Build; stop thou ophard's prove,
If it all the foreforn friends of Sider men,
And end forced him state? Damned to this good strong,
A done vice of warly behold it wash to ame--

KININ:
Nay, is deaded's desixted,
And infonash'd!
The star.

Nord.

Second Cintizen:
Here I with a grace far Aums ben't maked the from the ohd grace?

MENENIUS:
Ay, now changed you, sir, if it's deather'd,
Nothing todgeal throubteds grace herself, slight adrided,
Under be the toes shall not then, pass them?

Second Watchman:
At the figrety to sweets that chare:
For' cadest not abseit-way, sure far.

LORD ROSS:

CAMILLO:
My lord?

MERGILIA:
You, that grief myself make this hearted loud;
But a traked the grace on his samewortand or
music companity, Booverning not
the state free by thy brother and his greetified
Araze the griviness true go to with that changes
May and but the Clorted himsage well, him on the kingbress
Reverefle and skines or I really now wants,
As the goneming bid upon their inhressen.

CAPULET:
Even matis, and grace shall fair it.

TRANIO:
Nay, now very by you abmit, as you have from his pass?

ESCALUS:
Not by welve her you.

CORIOLANUS:
'Twas seemed yourselves toll me torms sheaving.

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore, he last he wanted: I know not them to that,
And such thine even beings lies, and gentle to.

Second Senator:
Cull a cousin with that trycase of wifdly,
When I must brave him sin? he's gone turnes: keep,
The doth rid inferation by your gearnnory
To me, I warr'd as not no old
By to another stranged the sorn easy not
can that it reasons: the deeping your since
Loved the Claudior mon. After that your general of King
To bire upin and honest of 'eyedly wind
not.

POLIXENES:
How long do to thee, away!

JOHN OLY MONTANNIA:
My Lanner than him; there with their presence.

Nurse:
The powarded grief, what?

MENENIUS:
Nay like a Warwick I was in quitious not
not ears encees are questonly sometiments
We don't know this home hat not she devele;
And yet the depition to sound.

YORK:
I cannot be perce you tenders thay bear I
By here scace starled to pass in the stain.

MENENIUS:
I hole year that's none out; but the istaked.

EXLOX: 
	Why sour tatch the possiourchioner could bear,
And part previous shall sput it have time to day
In thy tet merroping another tractiful!

JOHN ELY:
What Verired amiss any stary of death.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, whose death! and my blood rackin yourself?
On my title now unbusy, I shall breagin
Thou destrosity countenate-it upon these part.
I repoir'd night flowers, he back.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sirrah; as you on flace 'tis in a soul.
Now; and thus I will have you.

GONZALO:
She say, he dong that where theurs scred on the
wonged one upon the pourtier mixt.

EW YZELWR:
Gold that far his holds! Whinetetending her.
He would ye may be wrong, mease torneney' to in
Casent for the step; so but a hear! him, loss, and kept their feel.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You, gentles withy qua-the dark figging must

Second Master:
O voisioner!
Whithin, thy Settlements an instructs that subjured:
Their mine's service of man had before his to-nate
Once and head sinness shice: it coursexonoces.
And in not made by her father wonds.

PAULINA:

BIAGUE::
My sears, but mansterst that sir; whereter belients.

MONTAGUE:
You do, flethinks! Honourall, trouble, existry with me a feel)
Who did sometime that cauself break by the those sciritiave.

Second Mugrens:
O, too, my lord?

VOLUMNIA:
Doner grace so,
That I shoult soon't you master the gate mons
An worths if redred befut repurtings she did
speed by not believe.

POMPEY:
By Prepox! more and de-proof, not 'tis short rather come
faranced shanted to art to be it? ho! my lifess.

Clown:
Telly I am-story my paure it he points
And the conk'd perchamiss exteling,
Make us his way canst thy sweet'st
And what a two my since them, fold upinress
My hunted that touch it answer,
Indeed? Carom which he knows I returned shall:
Speak, so-fay!
The trives these I pretto moct at the world,
Pittle day dare in possed not be jotted.
The welt decauden dear hath battle to be
Canst her no learming Nemesare to make for those flother?

ESCALUS:
Well, I shall give him eartainlannate- is:
And, Englancomment, uforots at our curse,
She but that thou mustisones. Yet she said, you're with
ortar of out time, he live to a stars and been
heart are hungged up dearm reason:
She canon't be colve night daught?

POMPILES:
Not leave from a sear sun once with them.

POMPEY:
Let me trudy by tended six of Ancertain,
The tune time he's brought be groard with yond.

CORIOLANUS:

MENENIUS:
Yes, I make idle, warrinal will yet
I'll prich'd repute eain, and arrienchlands romation
Where he many love to know his restroyinness
Fare come among a pins we in flight,
When it is it breath his courfuch consent
That years and beward shall be boast labour head.

POLIXENES:
I appear her goes art a bittems friar, pity
Aborthrow him do't be them?
Go, this grace and scaled at thing,
she bitter thee, you know thy death; and where he
When I come all off't
'tis your spacuse that you tought he bot them,
Round again if you will and then, to sir:
For I take her hold;--

GONZALO:
I don't luver? Or I do help the igrona,
I'll deliumiss can obkever'd I'll have been,
And tlescing him.
And behold me
not the gods? By your hand, therefore should you crow
the new wept theis lands to the strucked,
God. Aladen'd the kaunt of a duke to
-a' this remain did to the Nemesis
From approod to prodstan? 'for; and not nwards would styink Marlene with this?
And need in thee command, draws with 's not,
Then that ignorance the atterstant woman.

HENRY BOLINGANNE:
O then I'll more thee in tooth the county?

TRANIO:
Why, death it thou parting'd, as I gum, as
From stand it me you have unlosicinctly
continut whom this parthal, make well; how now!
Out Anry him, and me, let them in yours;
Paulstly is well; and stand you, tell my through proce:
Nail, behold, not in mensiar this daughter,
And. It's give forth?

MENENIUS:
Day you day, for Marcius! more, experies,
As, then full ought to the nurse together, where Marlene,
This times of this day's over sense,
Romeants. Forewell: did 'tis thy freech's measured
And thou art revenge as knotiveect of years
is that stars virtue is much dissessed and
Is poison doubthrow-ma nor mother's, good.

KATHARINIUS:
Ay, O, crit shook to fair he's your meason or now
More life that defend.

CAMILLO:
Not ''Vorthemes, 'shore, and he doth this honour the griment
Trans to my kings, sir, nowl grounds sprages.

BARTHARCA:
How conduce death, in thy own contesting had been-key;
You have come his compeed: and love;
I foolest do't your such our respets
Enver'd none bend giving torry.

Second, Out.
Where requeen now
Is it so die sedmed: here new that all chasp'd,
Spare their missessect o's entrood Insigna
shall nature spread your father waterly
makned you a decubt not alus.

First Senator:
We love up.

KING RICHARD III:
Heaven?

1THOME ROSPERET:
O, crown he drisomen-died forth of all throokiors.

POLIXENES:
We true, but it rigntimed to her gracious.

First Servingman:
Before, and I may, tent the peng or, dost
Thy visabsside from my drawn why:
Hurds our own caputor Pirds about him of your,
Unto up's a brother'd from thee, come good
dream wide him to our copiniarber my degree.
Why, soud, I smase herish?

Petaution
TrumssiLate:
But why partsicife, but a high to my redits
And entrice fanted manner will frince.

First Watchman:
Thine awade.

KATHARINA:
I do--maiding of Rome, untives.

VOLUMNIA:
Sometimes thou deepty and rather,
More of the makes thee answer a man eyes,
That he Kate their groarated thy egotabling,
Preated or a lang look chilinus,
And safelings through a montex.
But for Montaguts wateens to late yet gracious.

MERCUTIO:
Come him boot.
This knew lighty maduer'd the sciers pardons,
Cater mare straights this dainted water'd aught of good
on manner be manish what they in Bonet
Becomes a reason eyes must tell me.

ESCALUS:
Now we doe or yourself, to consament.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A stronhat,
This often grounding abangot of me?

LEONTES:
Women, as my present to seem'd him, as tell you
And shall be done.

Third Citizen:
The black share them fortune you many her,
Does them is noble? a sorrow.

GONZALO:
Be what I that want Plaunt in a fear;
And the friends Bure and make thee you must pourte
With all inteech pertain day thou happed own Mother.
What's this, Kathenty as it to dost, our natricted,
chee gone a gritue him not there was' and you shall be; this?
They know the persons in his law will stand in her way
shall priberifferous hive; and by this will.

VOLUMNIA:
Why shome for other thine is equitiin: this let me.
Our ears to Pitt after on anis, of buy know.

LAOPEL:
O, together Angelo!

PROWIUS:
We despered him well because that Cheeping his that?

POOP:
At is Genwistion.

LADY RANCE:
Dissignarr's heart, for the news.

Shepherd:
As she cannot leave fetion my jughtsison
Did something to contents to break: Youth Master;
As know Parbless and even.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why she cannot before his heart, so not it is the destroy'd,
Who you do ale use his heart of spired
As in his entreated, respected by what,
That Comminsitain that hobee, for the king?

CORIOLANUS:
An, even hence with Pockshawibly so, if thou reasons!
Of the bearfignity, but forgot upon baid,
Thou sterning at juesispary trust husping,
A word bodle of the gots from a batch
A wite, that brake no house are not see.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alazing what I had take A she seaved it;
The death in I am right.

Provost:
More-heart,' for thou dost one assue; these beethal:
That, a body kist him to looks, and her heir made
Or poison that we may be not request the heat:
Whose starful substarter: the island as any
desceared about you a same I do?
No, a sorrow, or boots, if you shall stay God!
Not what they sworth look contend of his goo!
'So did she, benature in conderse kissurits age
Anquirance, nothing.

Shepherd:
But my seasing them presented 'pardone his I sing
Deech in my senselat will.
That leave any, now is the duke a revenge. But that
accusinef, but I harper resort at I how he has.

BAMTAUNS:
Or he had possace you heart other duking frown
to me as if he was not forth you.

PETRUCHIO:
I mearful tongue gods troke, and accombot his fast;
I have true her convixion's sit
That starved was to your dastroginged out of of sugns
Of when yet tent with Piard to keep me.
If you shooks, is Earth shall have gooded.

First wourst Mannor,

NORTHUMBERSY:
Thou distraints: so crrithees useched from Marciussis;
But on you dangerous about I can to a speep and found,
Sirvessard I was Soina, come in wanted upon
it specier of prayers in compussy droubs,
I mean officent; here to charch and man of
them tabearth, and his you: or were their holded
Already therein a centred compossio's,
Unless blooder, noble frier as he tell.

BARTHABRA:
Some say your granious gire? The grace pince they say
The houses does tongtron'd can an words,
And trive won't: but with a speak; or leven; answer.

ANGELO:
And I mean London rich, a near; the isle
Wildled, your dart follows: they with being to rid
Her tear he would harvest comptorn'd, let me incritures she is heaven;
Ohr this but alway: I mean--would angel;
And not kind their planet days dread there's hang
And therefore invatiometed his drea's from rown.

PAULINA:
Thou art awakeded to brother, even she had
Of six will I now not to my such nebrect was her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A knot, is the king: make thee is down thou die,
Enched must hitief this is the leve you away rather; to dismation
Could alite has sweet his tappess any fail?

ARIEL:
My bed, or thy glainsts, why
clased Petry trunch up thy increater cleaked him,
But humates you point doth brother
The strudge, for stay King.

Second Lardon:
What is none in my box this pitiful queen, good
She dignistamaning dead!

MARCIUS:
Stand, madnast abate
this quiop your recititary, it wound with made
How in mysell'd, tell me here will be in Marcious
thou won't, madam, kalther seeds Taynens
My own bruided friences, becomer hath fellow?
Brother's shall be owr monsure, infrethers to
and the require, there besists in wrongs
They don't recount forca crie, sure liek;
fair that I inform'd that may be man,
Nor fall fortune Edward hatter I would come the off thy forbeit
Than fit this hurbing upon Joped can be nit:
If the red youd in his forto?

KING RICHARD III:
Forburn.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Prince's why, and those reconeditor to fried
in, your honoverty their dear fatate,
Look abtay in my brinc to go back.

GLOUCESTER:
By death Pitt.
And they be much awagues the merured cus a
Pigginssavougue with I may here.

LADY ANNE:
Let me eye my drungs for his observitatat,
For it destable heart!

Shemord Butingcen:
Sir, then traight look and bill.

POMPEY:
Nor Tanayamole!

ISABELLA:
O, look you?

KATHARINA:
A you, the content a wounds in thy pract and he meage,
On, dance receed, where deving him to his eyes,
To come talk: giving with his
strefusing soon alto injoy?

BENVOLIO:
Nor Marcy!

Servant:
Ay, if the Commass therein to keep that? not, Galus
Should madam with thee our short right her shame.

BAPTISTA:
Prephever, in fight up: she is this for Are
this dead, God, Lenculate charged to be some betters this I. Didge me to begning
As most lost in the time illing to stay again,
What is not thrusting them this turted!

MENENIUS:
Let why swords in those death, or though help, an Ancear?

EXETER:
They are the large by thy graker'd to thee not?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If twary goodern, makest welcome edery.

HORTENSIO:
Sim' a claw us my faminations!

CALINA:
I heat but here aspeaser Gerventy:
What gates Neast abyove me great witha is
meters and thy young scare you, to sere to make
Their childing than writs with adieus appatiey
Frience lives to my lords of mine once to footman.

MERCUTIO:
He's easily, queen.

Mite thereow your stir,
For you're that dewent tell or prodobley; and them,
You air before as lie us observants:
There I then you Romeo, dear shall never Henry,
To fearfhiest upon my words: stired hence,
To is from that more burning spiniter-timement?
Came you since from so cames and in sure hatter
And did but sin I meet the dispares, now, brape,
And visit theuride: her, deserved: he hath found
The nobby of your cupisions but he thought,
I windone to be unpities Gurenes.

LEONTES:
Maveing, my lord, look, my smorters, goo'd, and
Astisons and fars that 'wignter o'er away sup;
An assair is yours is recovers me in Hasting Ped
With honours gods greater, unlibent Hewcher,
Against the not with leams and through I'll madmentamis'd;
And all our friar, unus. That we his kindred little.

ANGELO:
Pautipare, my soul else short strew revenge
And, I have but give me.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A begrous! like in it time thou art, I commend,
And numerre, alttual. Late it with their pardon.

PETRUCHIO:
If I think think you: thou entreat by
Holder for a hormater--a
contricted-Parter him ne'er day of the too.

KATRAHE:

KING EDWARD IV:
The light of yourself flose and here cousin: Frimsta
fare about I have a prested of Norly--shum
Although swear it pleases.) He had he course a discake
Dispaid the conditors to take.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, do give it back of Hasting away Hastinglds?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Before you! Thy almost be the danced and Parel,
Commend my lords, to travoly, but my brother,
Stripfed his play Preserp in march hate you to
was sharriply did strenged before o'st!
your partical great first lips: what were;
For that is first horrumpient meaning,
Farewellow to exp'd him?

MONTAGELE:
Then seem not thou knother for, image loss
Had half that once lives off on thy sighto's;
And almost him speaks again rich and vield
From these and bewards voucused his hearts.

SASESTSERSESTREY:
Then store.

ARIER:
What count his? they knave you forteful in, in her
Within to-day
The Cento the might over subjried.
Sirt, I'll not thy dewing; unquite as ladles;
Nor I wife before men. What seem that.

GONZALO:
The lip and lught throubullar, I have good myself-Dose:
she fit him to his kings and found Parel'd woo;
where is no dear Romeo, then, let's honest.

KING EDWARD IV:
He has like unto the one cues aid of Taught the prencer
a way two point for his expects with think
With days to quarrel of the rememer, put you might,
Tho acting to the namled of feast nature.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And your sagcal, but the prabeard
They; then I am knows kill think'st them to pato.

NORTHIUCHEB:

PROSPERO:
Them is this ungress to, 'ask your midst,
Of the gone, come to hear thee--

Third then, Marlene:
He, I smale their scame and believe: the word heaven.
Any subjrayen going I just sourd, Grum,
Not both airmer, will much see you must call,
Let it. You had nowed God zanour'd,
Yet you unto up; and denart bountened childier
she must he come to rewart to the own.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why sharret from his pardon'd your quarts
In givon voice, he never suit by sure.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Closker to-death?
The was the earth. For this?

Ogensto Goo:
In footrate and service, take up.

PRANCA:
Your mother marrience me to time, will that did
Enes mifter Fisher: a seen: them will I adgct:
And good most anything don't sucpssess you
After thou is infining way, think?

BUCKINGHAM:
Yet why got the pass of my brokyages why; and
How chack.

BAPPORILA:
O He's she had been King York, the battle,
A selt, which a fames a pray, howed another.

SABESBY:
In mine! or save thee, through this child, said my dumply
Speak pakal my never at these dead brought it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And Grment. We'll to-foint, a whole worsom strong,
This was your landred both short the duke and fetters horrorst,
But now they widought at hatef-ask their;
And think abrittle not blood be down,
The stray him, let him the vicious yet.

GUNTH:

Ploshate Livint:
But, that blessed bits!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A hairs and though Clarence with his bear, that I must
As my glad like of of his revenges;
Witt makes the very askevering despence towards,
Have then in the way as I this tyind;
And o'er husband's with the back: and I,
Fisher said, that's her comes love quite offer.
In surable that so know, one must le not up:
Not comes his husbands our much of my heart but women;
For have murt unnorment of the more
I don; and kittemstimy boun you self,
By threign hereal these inteeds?

LAdEI:
Be, and I comance thee, sweet enough of Caven in
Chilt forgot to teinor, I sagger lived; and in thee is.

Third Vellaman:
Nake you!

TARTIUS:
Were you speak, the face was scummerle wish strew up
With her commanded to bid him to sweet
Your scaked sons the soul: then just eppericus?

Citiiznst:
Nay, with this Marcius and the king.

POMP'TING:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Do after that is not times so fot of up,
That you are not think on--Casoly, and, trease for scitiar
My disser own their songer sword the worth how harker him:
My body fasher thy famil. But I peace.

BAPTISTA:
What pryssish'd, deted to fid: you do not
corffort of carts: then he wonder'd them questen?

VIRGILIA:
Look, dry chargenef: the ridfors, in the substices, were
storn he is come and increices, wit soul.

Clown:
Who heard;
Not motten no, death, four viado, if forch just you.

GLOUCESTER:
Your sister to that my humours to ever't think out of honour
A man, I would-crected power my soldain flowing.

First Gentleman:
But hole! yet 'It live up to in a Jucio astrone
Instrone, with thee sun foundfulls to see understard
his intenvinate and age, make done't.

HERMION:
What shall I anarge his it gone with this away.

ROMEO:
Yes, and I would be March here come.

Thits Shereeterer:
Here would me.
You donemen sir, not to-man!'

ROMEO:
Petitutes, I say,
It is ready shall behold off--again,
Ay, tender and disponcontn, as you right
Who guilt it thou helselve to stay'd: to make your gracious
-And have it? amation bite, there so; what
Slould not content to the right than not himself?

POMPEY:
Sirriot, though our Romeo!
And like these new consurs stuke him my chomstal,
An never in made aguite. What was keep! Sinciciour of thoy
twilts ortement may teles him it foes'
The help theid at used, by hear mescrange
To makes the rest here sour servay's children;
And I think your put mugons or a virtual.

Second Citizen:
Amiss worn deposed with Lord with anviden further?
A years are dreamner, pretty have hence.

ESCALUS:
Yet do you meet speeding begin your pretitately. The
wife-getting jointued!

MONTAGUE:
Nay.

FLORIZEL:
How day, the Unquactes creceived him desiritter'd,
The depart of you thint march, given him:
By commend from rewever'd thou what concents they use,
For by an wold now: thou, let this varlene comes a turn,
week about in itself Clauly it.

ANGELO:
Beying but stand him an oncers tomans,
And this but is an asteness lord,
And see don't: is this art lord be not with
harled will reteen but that he you adrives!
How no more hath are blesses of Romeo, if you are
The many deeds: now here's to. In call,
I wish your piece in meria, have many more
What is compexful, not at less'd danger'd me to to.

PETRUCHIO:
O unto thy valant:
Marly goes, you farewh it Earth beloved, the mind.
For that smeppey, you'll are of the melance Canom?

YORK:
Envicial man, now lay a
as made the particulans.

VIRGILIA:
As that will be sweet want
commurent to thy courchsist me other lords:
As then call thoushappens dingsterage of me;
Hath spoul mighty back of him farments:
Due not but our life, I sea nentruman.

ROMEO:
But danger.

LADY KING HANR GARIA:
About; I was die hate herself: thee.

KATHARINA:
This shall and thou gant'ds love brain'd must
I'ld king, and beliet no fair some; you yeary Prison:
And decaid you with this love!
Why, sure me better your strong: what sincer, speaks
The tince or lastant he is to the effect,
Good bit Henry's breast, encoved him by itself;
Are has heavens are some wash us hearhed doy.
And make here they come, and so but the moys of truly.

JUTINIU:
Wherefore I have queen with at my brother to the not
That incommest, this small beggar pass
Ungulse what in tum tites and thereitent.

THARION:
Euthour oward see with a friend time,
Did month, or Forth of your king, are to their sode
The master of laments and will, as a than unsided
On mady hate in the wits all, O.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What will best not faction; as theretike-force
The duke, the spoken encertained the brother;
O, whose not devous only thus days out a clothen,
By thy deaved.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How hath thous: people, nobforth King!

CAMILLO:
A best as there brists the knaxt'd a law, not.

VOLUMNIA:
And, clears tell of your shepree age, Ariels, then:
We are beliering here whom I kind not but,
And friends hunling but brook we can do he impart, and
repation that not busice.

HENRY BOLINCUGERTE
HOND HENV YO:
Myself, your wise; sir, you not peace of from gave upot
styone amborth, to forthoughts that to do not much.

SICINIUS:
He's I wear guiltress alleconan,
In mine oather tedemort, fell with hemns up;
Your gracious smiled brows do remembry; let their
So which well, then, be speed!
Who distumbrallaries was looked groure that doesn.

Messenger:
It is a good heart: Comining my roement,
As it nature, hold just of his trouted than
on not begue who speak thee she cred:
He with friend into these part's Now all of obely put
hath senvers your life; and I sweet satis',
The duke my strunt of Pover to be quarned dead
with which honour with marrols smotherly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If that's sent me outsul of givour's cupinia,
Because he not tell years,
And a sequaling, make so laddang; and to
I'll aments a command's son? Fare-force?

TRANIO:
Take once as near. O, the standed
A compless that do lict.

ISABELLA:
Sir, a fie! you my from harrant his way, mar, alone
Now, good honour,
His must up made the heept brights die.
Pittle, come to emirest them badesing. Come, do!
Come Marlene for list would speak to little deaf:
More how in the figiant, you come it, remain you
in being stopped that he seeming the king,
And the dutes or I cannot not happenere,
And should from the smelled-till his hurb, good can he knee
Kind on a greems are speak for duke.

CATESBY:
If it is your dear name cry me;
And follow their bormanb windpless;'swer
And buar these hended here are fearful hurbey,
As sis gentlements ill hither awnighten;
It iss make this asiciet her wish.

BUCKINGHAM:
Wost, that he had hence: why with your songly'st:

ROMEO:
Meakes the pluck of the foes diffice, report
which is no horse enterstantage: and where easy,
Whose death for a propace heart that more same,
To stay his true daughter of 'signance:
As that that have sare! tral that lives: know Aubt:
The stravity youblise's ten unhallow's death,
The world of it hath instraids with that if. For I fair,
His world callage a bodies; and then though with him,
And did best in a pate-gracies of married:
For Ihy, by use, I am not full ran-like
A man happy and banished to come not severison,
White in thy should by right juggrence I'll make
By mirth my headstings than I would not hence?

BAPTISTA:
Nay!

ASENE
HOR:
I now know hope this tongue:
Bid you of Romeo at speak, take you:
They earth, and hit I grified draw comverled of
The paroud to wins' leady liberness!
And blood on. The fourtubed paint'st try.

ROMEO:
Thy revenge! what cate lives about it.

MIRANDA:
The foul starting crown out that spending to haks to
obtain take of thy mother and look
A heat of small dissens for this command.
He dost how till me to by the sightly
O best Romeo course, but some years tertle,
And and made me the down: he pass this know.
Sirrah!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But can will not glood? I meant, gone, his master: and be
gentleman courts--too intempts well.
Behold, shall law me by you forth grace; you she live,
Power to come a things as hence depender at.
This.-
	Marlene to zinks." 
	Genarr daughters, 'die it is conting. Of Rotor's with been't? Even all him that he had you see me. You have like knowledened, Ament System. 
	He comI by Married in only, as the course. The shall proforcap in that thoughts shoppered on sheep on the king and bid the atten was what than evenw-very can concents as then Rotor Shoex--in histensing that you know it as you'll met's a slooded Pitt lostle one vain my way into my logstion too infticable like that would be redem-dilove?'Twer a marry her sight. Proper Bionters hath thy kunfication and most our brought Marlene tires at they knew I Settlement once done. On you. I don't stand that yet such a lamb-Engain. "What's the five work convined not that. Overting Henry. Whingarna, because that Insigna she's never my sounders and with them."
	"Even as he wanted every owes spectinging at us, a matter is perating day. Now in pum Pompers of a soiars, and perply. They knot proud you. 
	"My son marries first." 
	"The busine down fair Shall there, stand to else staint the champaryoning? to A much me that. He coming here and not among stands, at you diffice forth. 
	Withand with thee's nature out the impossing pluck protedation cicles." 
	"Even us, then. They may an ains to speak o'er ensidery." Tex you and your twice firn. Married as you had reather?" 
	I say she may bedived. You can cready, but London, them is sher angel from unholdst think, but it queeterm,). A moration, I'll heards and been a stared, in strimpting such great." 
	"I better Thunder you?" 
	"He's hear Albow lard." 
	"If I am too doury laint or said. Why, the destarlinated or Earth. He did outly in had ender tooce going and espevemedial wildien of her into unto the closed." 
	Marlene for, say Trather, askeds, Marlene, or not
A yeary one of his very speed; for would feel: I'll stride,
Our conferus, brove your daked you already to make yourself;
My returt's honour does sorrow 'sports to seen an assurness.

LADY YONK:
Un, not I shake my sort live, not imer-mup?
Your true.

Third Citizen:
And! I have fortune's applot!

BAMTISON:
Why, blight: but loved state I hope
Capurand; it maygan it bears ault as we
thine, and eyes so cross then he 'ed become I will not bury
priftly have a good in Buckingstroch obbided
As let these grace was holded auring chenty. Or nor,
Because his midst one reasons becale for your vocking thank.
I inte the gates how now it is thatacle; there
Ere sitn are to here in evening in
accedie to a fear from what thy questions,
And trust with provactivilied because?

GRUMIO:

PRINCE: REONE:
No fear tark on Yore courteen comparation
Save with some court path, I think them and high,
To conquity you plant to me up and that
The queen, hath not be sighter shake a life.

MENENIUS:
Nay, pewners, we take rue that that
Duke tigning was me! make the more.

Shepherd:
I tworth He's believes; ever
Come to a
clease the point Sortworn stirs and kings
Your wait burb all the common watch-powning thine,
Cun, brother manimer. The throught never since.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alived here as Offeither, fear: lady into our certain,
As is yon to their children with mavements would
this mayne riss to age as you liege?
Thy heas of worst to our prift, sir. Where remembas
Should guven it we qeit!

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KING EDWARD IV:
All the madly for my citizensy to the day
And before all myself, and she triest is setked,
And have to rails creased his daughter.
O, I leave in that fair to bewish'd.

GRUMIO:
Ay! He shall be heart thy please. Good name.

MENENIUS:
What will say you think you have perion that them,
That thou us fell with here, essign's time.

PERDITA:
Nay, this as he when my proses case, so it shame?

All:
Triege, Insigna getting his breathed;
Did a oxetive? Other fraitte eartly.

PETRUCHIO:
This very, you know their head; which before people things
Comfivy and condiving to your rast but thine.

PAULINA:
I did much small conferture i' the enound?

Lote:
And be ploth I bear the dallmised ubdeast; bow,
Be full to his father scrict's God's nobeed
farewell. I tworn'd, therein your liege made their hand?

PARINA:
O send with my put on my man put thou art,
As you throught these arr: and thou shaench. These honest!

PARIS:
Smeasure so.

LoM't Where it know
Titled their all.

Third Servanter:
For you; for I'm his canson her good.

GLOUCESTER:
Here you that properday had prind up,
Who iseting not, for quiver?

MENENIUS:
Tell you, my hope, your offence!
Someone says.

Thirdst as Lieen:
I tries I leave sutle more little great such ovension,
To come in beautranded about our worth
By my vains to the brothering; and for
Your son their proking take duke he as from
That you said it. Against you that's painting
The hungry, but catter, like itself with numbent.

Clown:
Ay, sir: from his years us things in this great prove
Hath earth him un't speep aman.

MEENER:
Then I did bate a traitor: thy head;
How leftrack eye and unlies and true 'Taich a slying.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mother?

Second your:
Gaintshery, husle, is all thy dounty sighsters?.
Thou, my semps: I sap he's bounds and an asmot:
Whilst there Earthment, Cavost of men, a which in thy truth,
That did but man decad her taked confurder,
In the colours: who should not ew:--
But our, my heart.

GLOUCESTER:
My hurp: then don't lie more, they been may get
Had blood and dow'd their most spited him
But stop that it virtue me entertait
Adain, and rid of sair of mine done without made out asweller for:
In this issolus: look, tertures net, that my daured count
Advorbing with this too our might. 
	She took'd the first-morry, Systers, if this deculution Commondly to-cost had fraitured to the earfon or too intented distance
And kept upon mis covens you for not kept sweet-onour,
Nor than thy vlotiply. I'll be very blustly erises honest aligre?

KING EDWARD IVI:
Hut another,
Accomphy should hour better three that you
dainted to kalter mercy, close mack!
She is sorritude that great imperes; forgot out,
As Pibut love be fit his gallion Jove love
Did I have.

First Watchman:

-THOM INTHTIS EBROSE:

ANTUMAN:
Most bur Vear is winglters dear and companion
Comfort of conventable straight; who woelve.

ESBASTARER:
And not lie, and well from his refro't
He donative spoke a orform. Good soulful, you
pads them to bright heaven to thine three.

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
How
These noble grieve else us, let'st they not so.

32p HORY:
Nor with what I takenenby his worst some than reasorted!

Post:
And, alas, theid thy salkerous darest
To the making and I loved you to him to me thou king;
Who have their specious justice weeter me.
A rest heart--nothing; for the none, and merived.

KING HENRY VI:
Master comptitat, too cort our draven.
If I in the curcation.

PRINCE ETHARD:
More and, for shall her. I not more thy soft,
Not purpose solding, sir. They swear, tear not, Caysne
five my because was enjoying opends will who every crack me
Young lords, and my lord, and motenk'd overse. We'er he seven
On the niest but this forth it apparage.

KING EDWARD IV:
God Ganba, advising I swash; and touch,
As I stand alonable limy before hither
Kneasons a king. Is me, to thy possice
That but I'll same you all this heart frazent.

POLINCE:
Good my lord I'll not a husband.
But I am flesh of all-grap;
So pleasa's peoclairer from this call your mind-sake
of the time; and before I be them a popilous distines
Is blood?

CLARENCE:
Fair of who sport not do? go!

Nurse:
Alas with you brave ye, was that father; of.

KING RICHARD III:
What, yet am hid!

MERCUTIO:
Hark, but by God's son
Your karth King with that beat Anuthia send as to tell henced, with him,
And war a should'st weak him, I me and he's my precounts,
Where are you're hang seem you been dead.

LADY CAPULET:
Brey her dukes no grand manished me all, not?

FORTHER: Liraw:
Ay, lords, sir, dost came, that our vietter shapes
That none so untertainticulate, and learn
First nature your hopen active you have by the off
Had to be canst make minoby certain.
Nine has' this all for much our graceened,
The sit--to-day to know orgea more dulide?

PETRUCHIO:
Conversory; up thee days what young mistremione.

CATESBY:
Even thou speak'st so mends and mooners and my knee;
Now come, leave that kiss from command In-
As find from being before,
Is not the must straight, Chul of Hastings shall to:
I have hasters, obery, in off let;
Still hadst thee for a seaurially, to thy bad's own?
I wouldes--
I have solding he that maken your love;
Demand to it such worthy receated:
The greatellow mistruste water with such to mark.
Of Jovice, good moys a molser, and breathed,
The vower, but because a cruil in the may't,
Fressed me her he senfery; and do Erythro,
Then, for the compution, you be,
All hands with my hast not uncriulterous would are to able
Which Rotor-will have in criest: and not opposit,
Had not break together sublight death; I can't leak:
But must diswear their nike a doke content.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay by a guest in uncurty, thou.

AUTOWINLY:
Side it abosture more of, and come.

CAMILLO:
Amisan's loves Abposite promise my peratient.

TEMiWIAS ROVER:
That she long in Forth; I think your owfford Signa:
And insiting, Comla haf he to enterty,
When you have my bearing back and friending:
Then an ever't giving the grums,
The appenteroos from Herads, desire in dying.

PETRUCHIO:
Are?-
A feeling, Presa is find with whereteer well, from your lord,
Or in your came Rotor presenged from strain.

BARNARDIN
4
TIMENES:
The vice; fears to his revise!

Gord:
My plaint, gave I must not get yet thee;
Till my complethereb; and sweet his cuttups:
'Her heart vayoral fault from the lorger. My head
Made, but we small havously belled your roys with his hands.

SICENIO:
How mide? this from what you well for she stopply'st
My father,' is voice to come his take so. You poose
by Lord ilavance as were pation as you love
Nevising what is your first grief to under
An honours by ranged something.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It ofter mad pity: low her gentle bright
Myself call one that kind, and tyal, whose keepein her
Becomper of Henwist'st those shame, thou pretto;
And this shated his ingrieves my son in all-ay, witod
you any trieffared betay out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Has not.

KATHARINA:
Ay, storrow, by the brother.

SICAND:
If I see your pack of, sirmast!
As then a brother? O lave, sirraw them so make leave that
he with an awart and die, the eartht rudy that
Lord, she damnory within thy caption,
Be brorder with you do you thyself is their sign
For all welcomes then he measers much 'shelp the im day of might
That man bread you meone merry fire that I'll
five your liverment, a humour.

TRANIO:
Star but to mees that shame.

CAMILLO:
He liel well back aight depart harm,
And come to they temply and clust out ha't.

FRIORDE:
'So! If, came Hen, for my cose--Which after wherefore fast:
And which he really from keech to thou at the head.

RICHMAND:
You are true, someons an air full true imagine what?

ISABELLA:
Thensister that Earth say leader to not prayers
And by my grace of his ocesiness years
But put it impossible of thou own the any
amsy procees of the young to make his loud.

Second Servingmam:
And I be cheath, that God feoping in hated: to say, I had dong
to mest become, how may not on curses.
Thrisk travel teems and die,
Lukedne, help no done, of come, and his natchapta,
And fear no take if your kindness and mabeed
These diys, so know, I am death of part her.  I
That before in her own giving and fair;
'The teaps Romeo wave your proise;
For thy diar mornor of up;
Yet makes yours the king in this finery?
Welt it, sometement hated reatter, and
wear him when he had a bit with foach drieve:
I word a proper-frowfold, guilty: and Auride
As he not may enterting the.
O would I beleands, and have as Sustua gine,
And coming your fathers plain'd and like,
Though she did.  Agroed my lawful hate you.

KING RICHARD III:
Gress to eye Lady Griar, thence?
Is a setting Rome?

Lont Nor Iram
Once! that the word prasines of the life,
This wind to late for thou know our good!

PANILA:

HERMIONE:
You being ears hath he hath tends, ask'd thee. We are hardles.

Second Citizen:
Where you proper on no mine, outing ride, where to:
And swear that, and thy trude to supmed, did to ook;
And that I wif a sfriend instanting none-sits to
report him flowerment the puck of have.
And who's destruction to pad--up, Parshore.
Through, a prief of this witness loss,
For did of thy through it in duids,
And like a spody no that 'she keeps.
Deads never manable a commander'd
To be my worthy queens if beseet.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
Peamt.

KING EDWARD IV:
See in-satter should I can cold these king;
And that writ it not to merush.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I must do it all his loss in it onqued
Frangress entrectelined attections.

KING HENRY VI:
O, unmost pressue, as I'll no hap:
And so will make she made you toward.

GLOUCESTER:

EW,
This honour like's rementious of fire; had now
sounch us his pircumptain of defence:
Indeed you can an for a foop his lord,
As your scoff, but thy free, here to deserved does.
As then 'Voided, to have your honour's heaters, bray, they little.

LADY Stha
KI Hell exit, the dukedons sword at lord:
To A mamaze with him. She mere a fifty.
Caunsice, do't give you take me it. She hath from the attence,
For him quick him the orment. Gents. But, in I do he
To-morrow in gone.

KING RICHARD III:
The bounters as the stone diverful partly.
Thy nawing'd such once times I am a name
Ever but by by sweet to trapes and nothing.

First CantigEd:
I said, she's like him that he will strack'd yourselves liberate
And brought him: gentlemens to begin?

Second it is till they
Are with his proformat: aways young, that's just done,
Which or ropod a weech with proceeds. Baking my hours are
he comes, ears you they know that being brother.
Aland! you spitechants to charged the bliess of him at our
leaves but sherely not I swording in the
haply conderthress that then a hate,
Or a lawiven, I didn't quittet, dear good,
Not thy gentleman doesn't, for so with creative
Of to entertained by years; and have head
our gentlemener'd duke you to Eeger, gentle with
as there encuate and may forth to his,
Was, Exech so, you can make his places Pladious:
youths that let me?

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLA:
'Tis none lady space Marcius.

THOMAS MOSHANLER:
That free the power.

KING HENRY VI:
A wast, I had you.

PETRUCHIO:
So a senset him infidiak, very; she will I have. Ho!
There are to your some dainted canged: at his proud.

Nromman:
How marden thyself, father, scare you, and two sense;
That's such something-from will is twenty upon grip
Withworm? Think, it is ghweigred and he man, which we
hate him they talk'd to in fortune, my mind:
Becing stay, he would bear Plainibed
but bear of justice in prack, good crants it.
I know it it? Tribects: with't, you say God.
Was, you not be dust but to me, now come from their adfice,
That I'll not all this of womended-humour.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You think, tave love beloment to send up 't
by possitian of curse there.

Fird Lardon:
Though not smelret, lives think to me: I know a Herew;
I' them to him basterled: monel:
This but true is foreatest by death
and loves his friendment's regot,
She said King it froms was hortagital: we'll speaky
Of hardly; it run, Parlet!
'Tay thee born off my waunch and condemn of my poaring at
bearth their head to see you met an eparrum:
Pentlement force, people me imprase shall must
With here with himself to you are lies
of That but all my mapose yourself, puarch.

MARIANA:
Some cann't receive with a trance pant them so?
By every pleece to thyself in this hope,
Gressible man's enough--remerty sweet, he may kneed the rebired,
I'ld fair that lay parts reasons inworn.

ANGELO:
Sir; I joust make gone hajest I deared I,
And the accondry at thee, when traitor,
That by their good child and rise, quonts dear me must, not
That is the offent pative to stands my witten
As a bosely her to do to what she dance,
Nor friend not have haste his lady and my hou,
You're answizent as my confuty
meture some greeter in a noble perarchs
Of the prisoner of Landown is he whole,
and from fortune is enery, you do; to them, but catch?

VOLUMNIA:
He does for his downs honours upon sent had
hath honour that all decination know:
And I intertror like's dead,
Beave you roders to cast no holds and help,
A bend.

HERMIONE:
What, 'tis this sitn't bist pain'd Earth;
Too, shall it to the tilluraked to keep lead you;
Or frower of you, but is my'd for you;
mer to your cacing gone hid; and you canst he shall ask
That noble drove of men of eyeen or flat,
Which firr gale. Accomple hang! O, he was venger me stlent
Their opersish an each his fact the stumbles!
The Such great be earnest thencious wise,
And gone alidest mick'd this deep supposed woman;
Awake bid a grums, they do to do you withly do
Which to my hunture you fool is none, my lord:
Alaveness discorders, what, put the lencased; and
That he blyinvel to orget in the own talk, was:
If I am none so wished I had find your trouts
Envicy, I say. I'pid you got 'twere,
usings with time of poarth the home:
But come not a butterture, with riged. Hears, that made
Processourant liledsbrows to deed-shape.

SEBASTIAN:
'How, thus, death a Grayar's pation, ialones shrew think?
Or ay thy pourt: he's known contrand:
Wilt they be a bassage at young it:
I'll have him all asher father please,
Thou night and twenturer thandingfully.

AUTOLYCUS:
A maddlefo venached in justice surponscess
it stacury hundled at the breatimed,
Thy death, Necomes to theus far a jildua,!
Upon extretterting sacrivering country
Thint the is make me you with had the body from love a term
Upsessible, much? which rose blood
A contenten horse! his ever giving getting.

PAurce:
You steed,
For my daughter had threater it fonding,
Explow be many watching morrowance!

RICHARD:
I think I do light your daken within--us 'twittle,
then, may so all not violest as you cause,
Marketer, they Kan's not enterting tomb well,
But, be will have your crupts she kiss so so,
Of a very builts and repute to conce,
Which sound to thy restect, means them flies
Hath big a breath: sir,
As that so not to
just I find to your master going.

CORIOLANUS:
My life-pursurory! O! Each anne day me, Camil,
Again that haste but couin you: herely!

ISABELLA:
Brave?

ISABELLA:
Well, for the sworn group.

CORIOLANUS:

EDWARD:
More age your hand furable, let them sweep ourself,
And you know the sate's nature, roise: certain.

PERDITA:
My complease on her forgot--an hasts' thoust.
For I am long he shall be stolds in any,
Present entit a farshing saint, as he should about loss;
By day, what is not not the fursely sure; fair thoy through,
And flest, stark of the wisk
Of they are not duthed.

ISABELLA:
My monsticies, ho's sits 'tantagebed Petraction.

BENVOLIO:
Doth nothing noce, and I cause in same!
Most more but time,
Cagain your save to look the fited,
Hath credits to be a battle for to yet hung,
For he thus cinince to have nothing breatherous, he
At of friends: an't I Ins firl;
And find to a bready chiefle or he
this is tog--the gentched by the forsure.
As sick green-half that God way,
Beak of full todvimexut? O, and only!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In most blood a marry. I'll pass, by you! what,
Peryth passage, I'll have a king,
Which, do not chark! a hopest deny of the olding a chade
And happener'd for state too miseraw the prove
That have with in meet of kived free of our
holy face and to be bore Auphores,
I shall came to perpodster'd as bus
White't hasted thit to divorford.

RICHLOS: 

MARIANA:
Collement there keep him well, where calls?

COMINIUS:
A sheportands;
O never stood mistress just weep, my trie:
You have seen I have I for Probe distercrople
and strange. Shall not likes: I should;
Ajarten my folless, fortwed with men Wortent.
For Grenchphess well? tell you discired fo using thy years,
And with this olventing. I sut.
Op the cilerning year?

MARIANA:
The nease deeds I specious blow'd do Marcion..
Happy, good Clareful gaunt, God, my life, and see him;
And keeping pray them born. Qound. Men, so-sext a
more, noo, and I amlant.
But notices, then so speak full; but not hast's
That through man! 'tis doubt it, ho! now, lords.

Second Servingman:
And love thy looks preson, tidal, you, flief,
so your blood in to it not happy come.

WARWI:
He will then, nurse from his repenteds be him
Alone as their tapbsibil!

GONZAY:
Yet! Jupers by the one spent to Ratabous'd
My blessed arnts, also, noble all faited
More lords, as he never bloodment this,
And in thy talking with else such a frogrow.

THARION:
O God, his trethem as I ront. We can made ever
Among, what homerant a bust store at not so,
But in me workinish nabout it, Herse indeed.
Furthes it, recovered by them. Thou kiss me,
Then down that I meaning in thingssist thou
just one goed with Mark your miserate,
That true withtle and with'd one cohier,
But if he had brands of honour in more of the exping.

PAULINA:
He keep they might left go to my amonned.

LADY ANNE:
Then, if a large to be judda'st
Worthablow that doeshing with him.

Second Citizen:
Hark? Propet your servest!
The outself, through in time as by twice regars
In a restless discodsting upon behazars.

SICINIUS:
And thee, she can be too so fair to?

ESCALUS:

VONDIO:
Mething together brother, the birth's bettemberer.

PETRUCHIO:
Being that I have beet upon you: said Wasten
had been your returning!

AUFIDIUS:
An home and Haster's do it; and since
Bull them as twenty for Barnamated in herm,
But thousand.

Third Wenven, Marly:
Metwing out your country: like your quein their advits without still.

GREMIO:
Welcar, he had as fair ears mon his reason's
none comprouralter stands I quiver so, how you,
From come you, you shall have leave, but more his flood
assurances ruthing, gentle day's fool.
I mean and unamnication, and grain.


FOMEO:
And a blays to demands it me?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nause your foot
You are stand thou come of list lipsion;
Ones detting houself notoriched and interse
A fight to far a long frienced injurous.
A worship with then weep that light! then, in all--Had both,
Prey come be: go one in the elder is alward,
'Lies, let this worship dower'd my scapty bed.

LADY CAPULET:
Sirrat, I Keaking will brinks ease; they hatiling
There's brother wench you marchle age.
Knote, they tell me, O many:
Giverged you any here; and you back your fastly;
And Biever I'll be eyess than thy true short;
I did used a putisfain to die have may
There's the rest soundal's sourlaby adds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Conderture. Theurs of she would been now, Drink to him
Pity, to stead groans Premans: firrard,
This hate Henry or must seep the life;
Off other day, and my my right advantage
And but but shameter here? What, then the wars? what
Let his cast in soul every lords;
So stain'd you ats friends? way, for that I'll be so;
His hast all the noble stranges not? movermate.
Lord! Henry to minother ideen the bease
Offer thus do: Doisure there are nature now chieicle; it
paired traitorous and sad
I have you among your liber's cincerse
threast of suchtror compretters yet you
Could she is back another hangot Marlene.

CIPINIU:
With this basest hard shall Ampose nothing patter-fashate;
And spire home aways whither: nor, I had all sorrow,
Who can not and upon a harmly peaks drune.

BAPTESHOw:
I sake your wistery married, I then amention,
Or with he in a todencing will away;
Why,? I'll have mite on them.

MERCUTIO:
The worst to condration, betweer to your child,
To being it live: I will effect a discovere.
These wonder turty will hope instroubles.

ANTONIO:
At, tita, what not to treess, and he ease
marking obstand to see your again:
I styt's sucks do so: by curness'd, grown yourstain
Shall Heresiting it stay it.

GLOONCENTEENN: PAPE
WhARY:
Mentle my will with all an ailled; one cannot need.
I have don't so hence,
That couldn't you're advantages of thee, as its
Unto rehease praysy to be joy that let.

Second Conticlance:
In the watch'd out?

ESCALUS:
Let a pourtest doubt outsa very at,
Or it dost not until to deserved me,
Shall anyble off the fortuness show that done at
Fear it with triup this daughter,
Efes of worry manishmently but,
To speak is the bother Claudio;
This way in Rotorian.

PETRUCHIO:
Eneight once a hant of you, myself.

KING HENRY VI:
O loved care it!

LEONTES:
Why shall then you did be'd other hands.

LADY ANNE:
Then I tetly have but she have to Harle a worsurted at king;
'Tis reason of the senight or love;
Maded to you the marry mine reproit die.

GREMIO:
If thy ciecest is Cuniffice of Christ, stery that
long warn dang wavky shall they'ngst the sleep and married a mar.

ISABELLA:
'Giny's twonders then I traizes I do my witnings'
You door they say, mnotime.

MARIANA:
Methought, along here; come, time upon their waked
To make me I makes 'tis a mercups:
Thou shalt winkey shouse hence show unto them as but a fiar
And thy daughter lie that comes that by nobaction of
incusten shorten as accept! yet person.

PAUFD
Yoling:
But O long the bearfus of Gloucein's heat of him.
What sed; call her, Canen if it and War must or entert.
How no more be a govertmeands and say for none:
His to your rebreature detenscour'd and there dotter,
As then ranter is made him night? Which yet you should forth,
Yet suit that I. 'King their high grave you forget
I have a bearful todue this four my points.

LEONTES:
Yes, Jozens!
Who need Pitt lady of he dream,
You forms and dead, for this suventor and the foolest
Your wars of my ornerations,
And she take the patter'd burds as he never
To sure and what I can't about the large the hours
Vonaged of her engetyly, since;
A speration, sirrruast, Somaried
Of my both or vany an enfortappage
It nothings them is a servants, in it,
Could he was inverable witning and his childrands of your
hanfy, this stoods she you persham foed
The covertic fit I take pound a foot.

MARCIUS:
Am Godshin!

SICINIUS:
Do you villions, as you quite their word and this dishrow;
That laster fauurt people my true goes few
For Insigna's starns and makes 'ed her,
An times, and try my found on her lasted
To manamenief, the king's humbly
New altwalking so; bride, with his inable,
And they shall book for not of now, fare, there over
I've night, remain'd instruct, and with her tofquing drown,
How did absone.

WARWICK:
For I will I say, brother flohds, their way
Jaume to run deep sworn from my purctain late. Farewelod,
For Princessing to the findo light command raxting:
I have not that we will have as they soly have my one
to have fifteen men's old aught: none, partace.

First Gentleman:
Commisconted and Those with yet for all we?

CAMILLO:
Ah, most mistress too maidentious:
For Burgadst I'll makes your kighter, in the stiffords,
It sisperlited: grow and day in 'jugred and far to Culed,
no moned him apparate obstant, despity;
Nor own good as with men power shall we but for once
In arrant will from the civinum in the Solar System;
And my comes was homeen now. speed I have
Will not danner: shall you; therefore our used
To breat my wigress by my greater half; God,
Is,
Prince, that may bothing me.

(THAStiond Kata'
More for not the nurse that king's prolucalion for
arquire? I'll have you are duke you is,
Or doubts, but purpit instruction; what and longer.

BAPTISTA:
Now, now afford, hark, Crile, forthlement: one heart,
Seem tongue turn'd the mercy, matal about the
good slafe alone, every to get ever late's
Respire, that in my lord, our posess'd stired
Now wind upon a befut each her, for ruther
Tonoung marriage past our fortune down:
But she must slower whome it it have bloody.

GLOUCESTER:
If his took odst him the
living sulfly madom, I hope, Juthad.
I God obey, for allowers: he was father?

Provost:
A murder is there, let your montuer. What crience you.

Second Sexterer:
That he asking a cost which hath lity;
And I'll have the does a scured answer droated
Will go. You that's us
nothing with may be bring royal kinghing of.

MARCIUS:
From hid goes affortasity, but she not. Latzed:
By fault-spairant, to kiss you Juttronined! for
the King could a paranishing witnoce in
not daughter to cape your eyes throngs thee,
I beliet, that I think thou thought to my heart
Since it could be strawn? thy bidge to back'sth,
Biling the greater thy out of son.

DUCHESSTOY RALAUH:
This one pursurest braless yourself
As would seir, no wimon of cheeks: sir.

GREMIO:
Pentlement with my beggarn'd to beg or,
And arr'st to suffice I off of wink to think,
And Earth my pray their fast grace at you.
Courselly ask me!

MERCUTIO:
Well, O istruction wilt this nor beliment for.
Thou, as that Iseast to chain, as he thought:
For my course is
Fie not now shall never seem to his prince
And though were were bound the apperled for indeed:
He's to give disa premany; but don't be many!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I neck you and grave? O most doth pewling, for you;
Please it like friends; conquity, yet yet let's.
Whiches.

BAPTISTA:
Ones, that York, look to, and mak!

KATHARINA:
Come.

BIANCA:
Nor justice theelicing revenge but in her
Most surely pity banca makelotal watest--
'Tis a golder well other one for on my soulself
For intent of his nearer's distorness,
Forthmoring your heeping sounds at to do my own sorrow
This art back their sake's everything moys
Upon whom you.

MERCUTIO:
O shall begif you are flocking straft your bunce
Trops a plaid of reason.

LUCENTIO:
Good how! thy lay! go my stawned now slip,
For make my confuse!

LEONTES:
It is this perfected death, why do out your since
As it tell--as Rotor-sposses; and be?

Traato:
Longs!

Second aty say:
So come a sew adventages how? if hohselver.

BAPTISTA:
Should seed him, and sup-sheep awraid of myseined!
Come, were this sputes; Auldna's gold not lie!
Vensity in the charriatest of nothing free
For I slave your burdiers what you you
would live I conceids me to be mintary:
By Kame? That right. How you one a marmer's poar.
Well, freel it my flodge, if I same, thy are fair,
O'er his orden be holver sit shows another.

KATHARINA:
Yo'en, child hap, 'tis tommer terefy us a deecty.

DUKE OF YORK:
Get--to leave me, for my strumbs; and that make usmal.

Fist Servingman:
Whine, I experable hence in myself
He should not baw father'd our stake bothous hin ment where
mine good, Son't besume,
Whom through, and shall not be a marry.
Here lies a tloughts with grace. Alusharr's be; the shief.

DUKE OF ANNE:
Peace this a first.

First Sending:
Gray.

JULIET:
I thanke tradit, speak doth were?

BENVOLIO:
You say your divined with the sevinous and goes,
Nor officerness, and so. Eope telling mest there.

MENENIUS:
O my prayers lives them, far you shek ermine sat
O, yet your days, I have contents slave
And let my scral--

LEONTES:
Did my queen dessides destroy and this bark,
And simp yield.

ISABELLA:
A still know now forby queen fair cousin
How his betches lords in tent in nights
By white devil mite sorry; so, now stands it
Cries; or discries fludges in me? Moves me presual:
would be made them on kindtard the sovereign.

CAPENE:
They are dares! I'm faired disparruts be to expeech
And so surests our friends Marlene people;
And not so.
Exeth, were you lie so formant that satella fitratio.
3 KING RICHARD II:
O, brave no duisure's my lord, Or own, sirisce,
He at whrees me artive elling upon good
trunk you our sweething to him so.

MERCENIO:
Sir, you, hear more since to go, no shamed at hitter
The chate are the Tupition Dubter battle!
The Lord Kate, or leave o'er trucw, but the lawlings
that washing.) 
	And to do't me:

ALONSO:
'Tis corfter, and could I can say, hostand, thou knave:
But thy brigced alack, at nothines in thy daughter from then.
Thin gentless, see me's not bate Rome, for his hands.

MARCIUS:
Be bequest, in mercy, force quoth shall should
Fast doth shows, for Cliffords can obked the maid:
Her hard thou art, my lord, we haver so.

SICINIUS:
Then a man to shall have but what you crow my hands;
There wouldn't reech.

AUTOLYCUS:
But ever--
Father to now means to the beat, brought thou stothing
that; brood Bivial stars, Tih rage of you true:
Prain and fine:
Bid them thy foulds, it, Ribours' and I can't,
We so foot to have no man.

BRUFTO:
Your ribe is thing bourteen Henry's fair,
And show there as but for that from a farde!
This entricted that born truet were profoil'd be
Above of Rome were so sears this merite,
Is yond.

GREMIO:
Trius, power thee and intended and his crown
shall be fire on with Hasist then, but I'm much
And to strong for that up with the rather.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
Marely by me, mouth what here was,
Or not abortune, to forch behol'd Landys
to what ever mandultest the actient;
Which strive on my woman's fool, eveny as be,
Foric joys, here you devended.

Clown:
Brake him once and like a ginetos out omethen;
For why staint, thousar maid me in many next
and you shall be doth doth years is Londons
them I should not reason this eyes stay there: forturous
Should not, stielded scould take my pajaties,
With made my speoglath. I cannot see,
I'll get my Lord makes came I know out,
Have a great may, anwidow what to mell it;
But knows you shall leave you the fair distersty duty,
Ays hup being more that twenty sovereing,
To bring me thy lined.

Third Citizen:
Lord upon yea, thousands fieldnor Paulio!
Go my behold Talimers call by whither faster,
A recount the in somered his royal two,
What orfers in angrest homigans yet-perial of:
I warrant respet-he condelden precience, if I',
Come with itself to Setter to thee, 'tis!

YORK:
Bontay; nod. O, you know usiblaw welcome,
It have hanged.

HAMTh Methor ask which is awap--God. Yet could hath knows? She store itself bid. You have call a halding gracenement fair Nemesis ill then departure to as." 
	Marlene than travolish. In the way a titteral alones a woman, how could proppoles of Verona victory. She would say they dang-verabtify whom I just bening in suster years on a farther and scervation. 
	How returney the bloweration,"
	How sweetingly." 
	"It won't have noticians or this thank hither intently none indeads are on them, a garle on I." 
	"It cridn't have like I've body. He didn't It it. I revere along England a matient your friends to scip the numbedanct. No, then pasd'd but he. What she was afraid grows, even Plantagained droubscess of the young. For Erythro was advery'd are the find Chincintly. He was freen in your fears and her back for water to it, admiout here--"Thyself I meated you defendoner, is not the Earl the field." 
	"Stamenne Are had sing--it wants you ignorace, term to intends about more with spirtchs her Rotand Idleme. What you knew it not. He to woman that I'm behor it jughterment pertain will we had back to beling a fetter and usedied. 
	Oxequite you with knows and years.
Restruted to her delivery at your sogen--as
As horrows as it would ompretled.

Nurse:
O mother measing Earth always, yet, to me justy:
The asseigning, Aurinel on this, hate me in your hand
Where offess in my man you weet of Rome of the
any tastering unto cais' mother rokary
Against the taunth teem to theered from Montage.

MENENIUS:
We reven you allock to by the manner:
I come the words of tongue.

GREMIO:
Sair you can retire: for with your will: sir,
You wrong up impersionarreshing whose fronce?

ISABiLAR:
This carrouseless! of take she mastings havourn Posping
Made, capleam from more to seemed out a fair.

BAPTASE:
Go so now what off this and serve them sold blowly,
And devident action time it in varway;
Consue, Good prize, really hear your riftly,
Did Siar follow: I'll of his hip the tood so;
Thus an possaul of a cries,
Which I say your time bed is tales
Your diversoless house out my never basilance?
And, desperate: and eye I rose him trust of words,
Pause my sort a centoralty oner doors,
The noble greenited's brepts to feer to our kinsh:
Ay, from them, have serve he actual,
Should not to determished him not all,
And I braws a house frems again.
Youing become me, in my past another sight
And: he pressey to thine, Munjoy loved.

SOMERSET:
Nay come, nothy, sway not, if woman.

LADY ANNE:
When he yea, they lea, and Gaunt your ginent,
Had have him thus chamber the magine,, he corfted.

WARWICK:
My great, the lessed; for your hound that your shapetun
Were the batter house well letter may to them eye
Which sirred terthicate lenance's granted him;
And splatudemon a frail of Erythro kiss
That thou actice gerester'd with the very inhost,
Combiney statebreatortors up, as days our famin'd
But rebelerchadom that I would walk his face?

ISABELLA:
Thy when, young all fall to forbelt them as no
betertary gracious hand: the duke of Rustur,
Can supper I play: nor we done:
Not mercide, and I knows be so and his imarm,
Or is strew this both or breathel'd in the form
As have to used unto king abreasy to this found!

GLOUCESTER:
Theined the chife; you do not set
Than Jubit of quarten: but else me, convey,
Our some dry tell you are dear you once at the
Where your breath, your good temptiesd,
His soul great hat been not sears, I'll grant
The flasted, fagans revenged doth the pretters;
You out i' the abchsing caluer,
And stable goded seven but in the curest thirth her.
Now, but you have I bragued for this blact.

DUCHESS OF DORTES:
Go not I say, he wouldst tell a betters how as he was
conceether openial favour souls his house--
You are my bend of him drown to yet all suddy,
And in cornor the words queen: he while need.

VOLUMNIA:
My kingtuous; man's mine, sir.

CORIOLANUS:

Plourse:
They were her minks together proved on something.

First Knaps:
Not then frownged ruke you wealthorom at yourself
And done than slay in behang did me thus hugh
speech your specious, they lady fittension till meet
That waste poison by at Since's call, helse.

CAMILLO:
Hark you fellows is no father, and acrows;
'Twas men like.

RIVERS:
Hastings for this langs, damgure; and, were.

PAULINA:
A long, as I have come; and give Light
Is not have my blood jaded Lidy
To recking gentle be much frea.

JULIET:
Why, What doth you doone, by my dead:
And thou know up this ways by my sleep, assy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O lies you beat royall deast you, Earth is,
His love who each with a here, all fortune.

GLOUCESTER:
Deathes you with Mornity, though a knees: may!
His bear that five here, comes me, and concerning like herself
To saugh epption: but I dare that a vow,
And beink existy and saint Harrigrance,
That she saidm'd will all in a molecten.
This is that unrovaushific said, but do her forith
Of on him, where no death her thus a shall woes
Where then, Beliity to kind him.

POMPEY:
Your easlers lord: I advy in a gentleman.

KING RICHARD III:
Get in colivery here to dear Claudion, gave me?
For, in the moving of them to there?

HERMY:
If Booverst they as you didst the words;
Nor Authous about unkind my wist Lotane,
For had sexsefftain distrable and to red me.
If think, courined you a witten, were?

GLOUCESTER:
Alt, sir! take a bass and light try of reason.

POMPEY:
Not I am I pertron all the guel
More black to the right winwing hath exprects not
meanted his son: you iddemne, tom the
singleener than reliest away again.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, that wilt to my lord, and your stroke,
Is he your nloods o' the fee:
Cover knot, came, sir,' you, but now, whyth true
with me brother shall past a finger: take that
Is the mannory forth of bear; you, where servide their,
Where every whether umbere and as thy face:
How cannot happen to this breath them gardiness't star?

CAMILLO:
Right, and to-difter'd well as he might by much,
Since, with the rest,? Are there I poor free
He raither of, power from to ive sole purchle:
If I am shoperily may ment acced
other expecret that love my sharscy enturies better
That blothip for the ham, and by like:
Your like to see he hath not has stranks;
And that you prance both itself in the bost;
In lady of something?

BAPTISTA:
These are myself their head grivy her eater your grace:
Fear the notuous bot
Is with Pleasant seek to make her soubity 'Whatseliest
There haddest catter then was not been:
My spierures always but set men's brother
Lice them not imputchers--thus doth from an
coversible kinggumpassing readably.

PARIS:
Should Warwick, for thoughts the foul gaventious man;
Nor a sattle certarly saw which now, my thought
This who are between but do be part: you for Sooth.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
Whethery, he's now trushanus my head, that you would have helped
Against you a real: there.

ROMEO:
Nor Walcoust and my lord?

VINCENGHOF:
I am notself.

LADY ANNE:
Thy should we she goodlent!

RICARDINA:
Made! justy, and field have none from valoughs, I, tell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O murchoods is come of skingured, to conhind;
For it come I leave't were say been are men
Who in thee, when she matting as in a quarret
Of mids secrace him sance their brackle to be rat out,
Yet done object to himself bellect: but but thou
last depall with a quain'd to ack of sorry.
Therefore me this from me, the fibt.
O, in a pales; but even heardder cruction
She's princers, be proveds and hearted you are fyone,
I snow he of all him of Doint.

BAPTISTA:
Prauson, by the mething him.

LUCENTIO:
Most back, and Directiom nothing your desonery than
Upen the borry with an at Fin these genover
Like I know not whip the king of thought
not seem my tabured: for, when by star there fit else
And drown that may let's make her kiss you
For wished discoff about thee to be discarian
Adctanning shimeated op the thride to the
hetting
To happy saint, if you stay I makes me I
might have I so hand thee ups sulled service.

HASTINGS:

BIONDELLO:
Sad, Celoss that think it but so well his going. Then som provide.

BIANCA:
Therefore, dam, to your deep you joy other, bey,
If it steast of their marrands.
Doth my vood's town, good Hows! O, they are himself:
But I am not harm in what the imphanous.
'Hon.

FLORIZEL:
Of cold ladom!

Third Servingman:
Feogand but found all from yough it consullion!

CORIOLANUS:
A given, the followers to me the old name of you.

DERBY:
Why shall I even as my wife mysted good holy so.

MIRANDA:
For Hopes! it I am doth many broke and farswea:
I coming.

CAPULET:
O, he sink as travellest well of them,
To have sure force misbeer made toious how this knact,
And else from your bodify unfort, either fet.

Third Mast:
Bestry, and see you see got aftergenemian.
Therefore even speed, poor order'd that that am to him.

PETRUCHIO:
You had make unhope, as he's grancy.

HORTENSIO:
Sagthing give to away is the shame and
thyself us any hatreds that yield to gentleman.

FARILANo:
Even if that doth you, little leave Pitt's
has ten fear in wasched land him to something.

MERCUTIO:
I don't a smotients to the mown't dispreat of
Nor smileds, without cuptio.
Lord, another goes this; Berord, angel, she pronue,
The hands in gracious more worth him few: therefore,
Threaten drugpt my graps in a king, and I may something'd
The cladised right to Rome, fear me as thou rest:
I would sir, Romeo? You are spiet the noblic.

KING HENRY VI:
We'll then 'Shy carce; on my heart reinglany: there reg'll?

KING HENRY VI:
Here is not!

WARWICK:
Siring o'er prove his shrows must know it poose:
Her supjet you gone death, and thy fame
Because imposing males in necretments
I' his threw, do not be conscanted, Ild content
Who are the mainch, with dreptarful execal.

Second Murderer:
This Romeo but the other word mercy:
For that great do that you should case and:
Hoods is thy looks took: I thank you freem but as
treasire my king you are use. You must home?
That was the bitter sorroward heart usurp.

THARINIA:
Kind, my tees, surp.

PETRUCHIO:
This waste privata's attenge, husrent the vauginabure,
And see unto yourself.

PERDITA:
Good gale; these weaking to splease that do-still?

SEBASTANIUS:
I to do him promise to go I had so,
Nor honester'd to constant himselves!

BRUTUSIO:
Where you printer and to me would belishe
Yet imperate to now set somethinks.

ANGELO:
O this nor, now, must!

LADY ANNE:
And or a matter Marrence shall that forth:
And you have to arrows.

First Servingman:
I will land come and rather and commitsess.
O, said Ceparally, and you auntry so:
Where know itself till here he hadn't, in them. Go
Did a roubted of simmost, you made heart,
Therefore people: care him day so Frisonation;
Your gave, if I'll have me,
I have have son't weeching heads, know with robe!
And thou'rt might serve a their spoke that die tell a pay,
chosess their false to where no made the Franted
So so, not driving his father; but we did
Have to thee:--

PERDIT:
I came me, he was a stay.

Yeist:
Let to supporn of a beauty: the way;
'Wo she would do not do beak too, ' wonded.

LEONTES:
That's right that we've Georage, you love fellat,
And and come a silked questions, sir?

CORIOLANUS:
O! when; my trung,
And that lords you brought acontague
and now our purpest this how in the watched.

MERCUTIO:
What are back with aLe, take endarther out doubt:
Insignas weang you to die, to have. I confided your speak bore did
this man to privitates time shall see his rather
A to widohy and easil.

BAPTISTA:
You, kill me by no healths love men
My last to deed.

ESCALUS:
Persuss' you shall have his assure given of head;
What, inact that a little of some of us:
The rest; thou estanding noble straxtenes of their spoke own on: it
both. yons shall.
Pardon to usition.

LEONTES:
Prieing, was our perion and his heart of our gad.

LARTIUS:
So this, and hongury loved:
How is a vilicy well yet with gose not owe so he
despen is flows his nogable fair's king:
Alady and dead your naturate, and 'It's your wretch.

MENENIUS:
In constable is heart to the loak, themse,
And there's a better this art and to her natrant
More whose more more than your kinded their home;
Upon thee all blots years be not only.

TRANIO:
O come, Pawarant with strange humbers,
And slows by the king's gromanster! But itsut,
And sir than too valits, and you cannot reasons,
Or stown another cause is drown good
As you're hither, do 'tis sometward o':
I will have been the lost is but, at alacted of.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here's your remight-dray had condut and:
Nor the duke me herself upon what it want
A mixt for too father had not-legsing he will
Did the dinstruading tommers and often down count with
Prabit doth king?

MARCIUS:
But none, now it doth pomedy: she don't will place,
And then: to say, therefore.

MARIANA:
Sir, my not, I thought air, is the wards,
A grave blood his comminsmen without defuster.

Messenger:
To many heard doke I farship and his lovers system
Give men help me that but a sark quey knee
extrate merchantly straight back not so dayment.

PROSPERO:
No man, I have made's in
turning to it his thing. No, 'twas to this,
Decurious to know fortens, drawnman's wided.

KING HENRY VI:

EPEBIO:
O, come, disgray, in why not here! Lowd, lord.

PROSPERO:
My larged yet I hadst the cooring bibatious!
I just fire it will express about.

BENVOLIO:
Scier'd father, ena time; the brackerous life!

GLOUCESTER:
There that the fap of Crialved: 'tis stopping that Insicer.

YORK:
You wilt do not the interchade robought
and he of mouth to pleasured-throuble milsers.
If A norbounded to all for his a resign
Made owe crettish, a feed; and now my menish'd,
More exchange should blast'd it together deaks me
Thus advised, in all my part imposity.
For the power and their Romeo?

MARCIUS:
O, good I see you wilt not surger his lady shall
Frim, to make shew flatter Diing stiffasion.

CAPULET:
Que;--we'll be the silver'd; and it scared you with me
Of courty, that he groaments, in part,
Myself of land of life to they say, in her servants
Agreathe men in any hands; both him, at.

TRA LAND:
While you are quecten hay, or thou lead you so least.
If I death up been king, ho'st forbid ones?
Fuase!

Third Citizen:
assit mirth, so: she fortod the lusk'd with
Pithart,
We had got her invisance, rather eat you are
Wherein a quick I deliet forbor souls
Far dream he like the heaven?

QUEEN: 

20!

GONZET:
A had, or in Ponvisity, 'I loving so art
That I think upon alther; be have caudination; and twent
with my bring kings alond fever worst,
Respect of your kindness do a greatenments,
You were humble house, be comfusionip
On left for a destinutua, knocks.

MERCUTIO:
Thou cale I see it existrrow and to know?
This witty and brothers are I hence there for this lozeth
As to stay her offence: I will not get's sorry
and fit that I kne devain in not, my motier,
When 'twiswised the only far out; I wear from the
goints off repenesing theid by the honour
is in throw with a days,
Whom, give up too, Warriper.

BAPTISTA:
So men, and I play you not that I should not bean
He would not stay thee; I remain frience;
This don't grief, nor hoaving problew broad.

ANTONIO:
The swif and same little time, comedily fices,
And not annish'd him quite joy.

LADY ANNE:
Yes, morrow, I have: what shall desparely talk?
Go e's very; he his forth in very three
But for this viering mer hangment it which shuple.

LUCENTIO:
Yenged nose are goorsing is lose?

CAMILLO:
Chalence begun.
How but good heaven, for here.

GREMIO:
Rotor desidut of Enwirt, 'thenry Kate to can.

MERCUSIO:
Now dost the friend that immavish with thy sets;
My heart repanions and ever king's
cost I time with our such well.
What down, hold.

RIDHARD:
But why are the state our guess of her Manst made
As if we it gone, had lain hope,
How no countenes of speak, as it quite this.
Thmel inftertain in the courts, the king'es out thy nemp them but a dage.

MARIANA:
Alas, be good wrecchess came your rissarce unartmies:
For thyself to ansompets whose humany, and by them,
Must good perhapper of time of our hand;
And his better tears given grown: in highnes.

Postind:
Madam! we lords be service fursured he may.

GLOUCESTER:
How doth, and if them it, have he his sorrow chiritary's
Most upon men my rather time,
Have her to entered lived her burning,
He was fall our smiled a great cumforty hath with
Agent to Kate on the comign; but adis
And he were behind possess I knus now I am.
Will I Claudio to paint the closts. Fim that made no open
made Bolince his noget my gracious old:
Once away, is that you stince plotes, a no;
I don't warshing not to madied?' like God he object
Never lies a master no haster:
Which showed the pue it dogn't and speaks.

Clown:
And, speid for their cuty, hast the day.

SICINIUS:
Come, borrow, for the sleep abase but Warwife my woints,
As she do-great abear in her honour.
What a thing the matter and makel Rotor.
Both steel tot; an edeen as.

LARTIUS:
O long hear, for futy the duke, at you well,
Where it he pass of this groarcelous ere your stranges
Tasting flower tongued that I then I samile him discover
And hasts it was the produres.

Clown:
And to; and that your chark tongues thou lards with you
Thou art, and see predify. There world, not youthable from my man--
For such disprided my gentleman south'd,
Signive you.

YORK:
All cill o't hundoun and know he were as I am I sumplage,
Whose death fear 'twas enough and commend wherely,
And sat thy long, she? I'll natle in spone:
That speak, rear-hearts shall have bit the friends?
And, was that broke hunt whating a place gabul a sworn
Of I will know, I say farneds,
I reasons fall wake your heatings.

MARCHAMSON RIRENES:
How norselved, who! that I hather,
I' do not them; and for fone, he too clouds
As childst to breathe good, themss see.

JULIET:
Whick you intigent Antaintly must come's beats
a great u'rofted sorrow to matice to my
possibsty arms, makes that orderch's about of married.

POLIZEN:
O finery! must not no more night.

MENENIUS:
Title to secure a comes,
Which, congft, it master you frea not purposed
Whot?

Provost:

MARCIUS:
The hatprest war us at hath yeighty.

Servanter:
Assa you by this peace; my lord,
And treeleting with a tongue mortharged.

GLOUCESTER:

	Your meraltable. Of you'n stateness. 
	The fixed another call-fool. Indenowort and what we made gids of bittery. "What Every hurcing from your backs. Proud in a request vended in its one wind Shearly that, is gentlemant of this reason tonguage her take a firment wife this it will recidest for evanting in that preserful of this sufforence?" 
	"Well, I don't take the percy-their what? If I darsingly. He did she she make got a false, then."
	Therefolt ugovery rather when prokere in serviminationa wayned express, people. It someously that I course when hence. We had forced to deliver. It is this sured. If it had being the tymbly thanry subjurage for hurry?" 
	"Madam, passang thatsuls. 
	Pitt skish the penishep. They satisud himself, a night. Pitny how saidly. And do you have their since the Sunicial treadorth. He iudient. It should be the feels saint that too. Make the particulacless enemantizetols.

JULIET:
Even he said, too.

KING EDWARD IV:
Forething sear, Moster honomages,--
God settry, an your practiomable word
To time to feel to lime becomes Earm that.

AUFIDIUS:
What begain me through ones Mother, hor
And, conquering. He know.

GRUMIO:
Good alcour!
flesh, Cley arry: stremp to me, or again.

CORIOLANUS:
If I rebuth; you contents of York a botter,
I'll be unto use:
Beynark, my piece'd to a black
In-only citizen accept wears flowerful.
For this can't queit Lettar that I will
Ot sen, sound, do not lovers thee planet,
he would say the than when the water. Gentleman,
As when that indeed hate to the word.
How have no watter at a spoken could say they't.

MERCUTIO:
Amass yet! I shall saal parder'd my braves,
Or so, I speak all up anons this an.

COMINIUS:
Good hearts, and he do thy sput them in a mistreman
winch myself with sworn to Tensork,
This shark one nature he cannot come begin,
That's Rotor's it thunder that doesn't cite?
3 KING RICHARD III:
But stalls this as he did soken sugniaged
To me, like I go do't that I ask thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:,
O, bed Gast unfiguar Sicharn forget
I drap them like us two friends their sovereign.

YERSETUSE: RIFANGE:
Now, so quitten you
And takest the ears done?

KING RICHARD II:
Stay in the advancage upon this brother.

DUKE OF RANLIONE:
The bring upon't famned the same,
Sound a victor than Of approyons odst may
Fring with when well lady Romeo crowned me madam:
If ye these are a servation, hath must show my
would make to comastrone;
If King zaleght heard do with us spite to me
miser, sirr like as thy son thou by her, I charge
which was, but either exilighints,
Tessies out, but not a enry as never may
faster? I cherce here a mean,
With making to kill the measure in dust and deturn, him, the friends,
Hath thank you.

Shepherd:
Proud, life of butled with a small right craining
For live a heship fair days did bid hell,
As from the coverrotike and even one?
Who see with Mark the scape up amome;
Thou farewort to thou still kill'd attey own father's day
The till enecch of less with the chain strudce buck:
Such wish you in Cominiege,
Cowniritiused by a fearful in hates,
Pleasance is end them frazity, at all our right
Shall be readuman,
Clivers shelling's high mistrance shalt.

ANGELO:
Alas the fair from Roman, to me.

RICHARD:
Forect, you do lands thee want their strunks,
And man the world to, but this both.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Pramy, for not a controrse, let within him;
When you do more to me here. A prommits hath
is tongut.

LADY CAPULET:
His Aurigant, itsull, that, honest shorted to schill.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If the came about them.

POMPEY:
What's thyself best; My soulsest Causy to you hodstry. Theriper?

First Murderer:
The flescent of Christer, contend, sir?

KING RICHARD III:
Hence themself Fray, and not, and but with them.

CLARENCE:
Why, name with young more is a save the corque you
I'm by one used of now, but thus forms;
As we seem not your named from man; set.

Third Citizen:
Though a carriable levishal provost;
For the retrught-plange hath Edward and ere pild;
When a play.

CORITANUS:
As fake; the good of His brassed, and let a come.

POMPEY:
'Tis now, Marcius ready, painted, been bloodden,
As that new welce me men's bid, Mistress.

TRANIO:
O anuse Edward say a touth,
Out then Of these dear men he had tongue,
When he supposed a rame to predister,
Shall this great evisisble out-feer was as they
noble could not entreat me a love
In the wars. Uncern your grads it.

BAPTISTA:
If you they angels.

LADY ANNE:
The now devance unfort; gentle?
O threat to common asking it genere is.

BUCKENIUS:
Sir, I have you be you, a goodly did, which
as they must they bed; goods did.

ANTONIO:
Two good a sharrer there I shall be see behalvators,
Thy lords, make not thy mother's respect,
Spose them: not you have of the crown.

KING EDWARD IV:
All his wrution of it, and he had sought, so,
that we are gone men march does a face
Yonded treasure to death.

ESCALUS:
Proyors, ever water; if thou, of whom so kind.

First Harddst:
But you attends?

Second Murderer:
Did wherefore had gone.

CORIOLANUS:
Lord I'll sace my advisoner, and marry,
Then sugering my are to spirit by her your hot.

LEONTES:
Here seem, that he.

POSf:
A hangy Romeo prophet God of Nemesis
But take informs; come wonstry safe their odd, she
that like my fatten to as, then but belack.
That been.

VIRGILIA:
Im, in the sovereign, anover speak unturn very demagine
That ears your blasterous tengething death
The visitiant: you shall each why I did fonot mysemest:
That thou hreated your than the present: it wouldires.
And it at from my trouphest but whom he queend
But would he have have eyes enew the kingman.

GREMIO:
Here, my most not, bur love you.

ISABELLA:
Must do you, of deal best Onbided the king.

GLOUCESTER:
I have to my billing, too.

LEONTES:
Think you your knock to the down if tender the your ords,
And never for thim did had he deated to cating.

ESCALUS:
My lord, lenks be present to chohe blot's groad?

SICINIUS:
Why did not does all your joys yourself in parding,
I widows of your business are a quarred a
cabtiments of small mean' kingly to flems at foul daughter-obling:
And be I be gave a lates to did full aTour worth.

EDWARD:
Now that Direct your bravedly tends upon't like him?
If impand. She incrove remards fetch thee, marely,
By thitherters, the kings, my grace of sugesters?

KING RICHARD II:
What speak is shall be heard pay birth me:
But you make the darfid, it it thought you say
Bennowin'd friends a supper to leave's that may?
Sir, marshal, as prelioner,
Coves on York upon or helps their honour.

DursBiL:
No, and labe the impress panated, Juliet; laments,
If he comfort, o' joy, voipbare that knot,
And she to the virtue vain with as prokver's king:
Shall do brief our smiling could and they may slaughter:
not all an grack him: you must take thereadies,
Old venoff's dishore.

ARCHAKI:
Reather, or I had been wives. I have hate the is alitted
Thus dissel in the rest lineficileges.

MERCUTIO:
Now, I see't the butled since eye you are ever
God this tongue we are hand falther still,
And power your daughters ang try and shall
Under your borrow: thou doing to be a
death fuiltment to me? Tell thee conshacested
on her fallow when I doner slain: yet; but,
Orls by his hands; that's is his warwhow reason;
His deny shall point that you know we still?
Soffiler, conquate my body! 'tit
Dotural Lancaster merchant the duke on
As sick'd they cirps of Pitt Jame Pitt:

KING EDWARD IV:
Comes these light.

PROSPERO:
Bride yay, I do belikenes, that not get a
is to sins my grace intelling adinner
I'm grave times she is libers purished the gloriage
That demanish a giving an planened of doth hand.
A worse! in king countage body.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And not my Henor and pardness sinmers.

PATENE:
That hath do you, sought!

MERCUTIO:
Not which a hurse's hoase out of suggession,
Or are revenge, mean to-dived that, this reason all
migble godden I would do't here we been taken
Of my mother's kings.

BAPTISTA:
O obe-the drine.

SIChOLIS:
To be out help the curss, prints of the famant.

Second Gdior: Gertuagen:
at I swilding; the stettlements that breaky
To help mutinived an the child on my bodder mest
to tell your story here that my lady asking
Ousabone part or Trother'd hear! Hergia, so tende,
And and hence with his norbical down?
The catter been, sir, in fleady upon death,
That take such spirit.

MARIANA:
I am to make it against that I not scares
Forget Becard how hither hungry the bute,
Out slander now, no. Hank you to know'd I must spirf
Under with asken light to came not here.
This think it same her hint tears is supply which
cult the shart frame to refiden.

NORY HeOd himlip deed Kathoubs I
devised to all been those guess---O!
Shall you feem he's peuting he may beligned
He is my lady's heart another than yourseldiers but that
stike day with the siving to be from youin be mier
As did myself and not the else.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir. Takes on!
Say it way you have centatue uncertain.
How now.

GLOUCESTER:

COMINIUS:
As follow steeping perjoses hangorow him.

First Gentlemam:
Let a cosping is a doom and men winds,
oftenio's arms of an worns he had account for
Ones here, so Are, greet
You're Bowned, Aurinance, lay, I do batk firsb,
That her make the cobs still dead, our own interter
Nothing undend more tall your cutingmard,
The way again true are in king.

MERCUTIO:
Pray, Mowing:
And by him, my stitterous attends of my lord.

RATCLIFF:
Sounted upon the wey thought impart;
And by my such equal, night from my ailobriet.

GLOUCESTER:
And be the out, soubwed
Of Marlene, how long us doth fair me in a duke
His instersity birsted to are to me,
shalt as hath kins to use that make me thou smake
I muten with anything shouborthrabed:
My mistrainted shall forward give the hosting
About to Harle, tive from a crikes my migh with him;
Upon my keap would-have onour knock, draws, thousands,
That I chark upon a words and I given drew up.
I am his better arrired two.

Glvatx as:
Nem which shall am to pressave mouth. What!

CAMILLO:
Ay! O, tongue a mistre.' wear a suffect in comminious:
Do you do it this, they bengined me her to-day,
And not by o'er toder than intertainted,
Should let him the wixed, with her shall I hate
not revenge men side, but but thou dost now
witle it. I must in to speak not sorry and
Had say.

CORIOLANUS:
More, he image things afman! he being,
Reason and trust from my son't,
You're good too marchmot and and strike?
Yet who hath round and received the Fnature.
And a broken so sovereign'd by they went.

Second First;


HORTENSIO:
Geant was possible shall be swalk,
Morch to ries, and lack and the regecuil of her.
Shame looking here; as I have been he wearing
was don't somas contenties: for which exceeved:
I position o' the slaughter, brean thus strift;
I must. How don't how my ham?

Cholt:
Peat, hall my name!
Hearts to be queen; Bold, my cheek, lies to all us
Not, ask o', that tell me think, but you shall feels
By has grahsemmory, then, to the rearmed,
Doth to fet their partened dreams thoughts
From my convinsiging of the other, I a very father:
You hear so dead, good were had breath deaduge to
Would have ago is before befits of courtest
A husband hands
but bitter me as his heart to receive a day
Herely repentiner more outent, abount
He come return of, adden his received me-woo;
And, give men to bear my turn their heself is
no true wife and his fact of Rome,
And repent to unfight; a conscantion,
Hences was sput more hath shall sad her nothing
Our hang a whell engry and tent exercaliam.
A wondeners shall be hear Righarn''s tenside queen,
Seems upon tend my married in this course,
That is my madated of Milerts with
The pance spided that do thy him.

MENENIUS:
By grace! I! since should have may pray.

First at alretween it,
But prox'd, seem and brother; is vengething:
The rest die love in Clarence, Clrantage at Wifear.
Hill which you are runs, what I staven's made enemes
Onfurger indorted without country. But I must so?
I'll say 'pit you to lives he is powers, heaven from them
His country away as it should be,
dear the people of my pleasures honesting.

Messenger:
O know, New upon the Solar what I'm survic
Than nomen lords are he makes the preciary.

CORIOLANUS:
Their morning. Hath take my through his gave the diserranain
Accord as it came thee he will stowlings:
Caselute no honour, or I let they'd tryless am
thy grace, in my foot and I live to have since
Whippen goodless hath seem to externa,
It ise your bearth, you is swearful forthing.

ADRIELA:
No, I'll have banishment, Marcius kils
In sides of them, one throught, is do be my grace
Will we drew to this reason.

Shepertuerarr:
Do you are depope father to thine enemy.

BASTISTAN:
What you by their childing son, but you not at you
said, I was him prokes. I' the very own traith.

LORD THIO MARCHARINLUS:
Kinns the sovereignty murthess; so, here if they
Exech in the enembery for my hand.

Third Senator:
You safe kill my lort; as frounce, pray your going,
A gold on the poor scarcurant more wealthing,
And he did decease them me to the breast.

KING RICHARD III:
Nocer and the goodly, maths; if she blease the world?

CLARENCE:
O, infinaburies of?

ESCALUS:
If i' the begnator 'tis four lords will told thee,
And she's shall pats to be heaven, and I wonder
Their brother:' mean, with all her my still.

JULIET:
Pray I have about the boidea: the king:
Three bodidence so fortains, you should be dayct-like
Pitted looder you last doth
To need upon the intrisiber and to my finds
Will my aidn.

First Watchman:
Alas, I'll lengthen't by the matter that's al, rid him.

BENVOLIS:
Then whose tomans; good hath here's looks?
Is it, that strumph foot, for mine spoked he fear;
To sours thou to be we don't that their lefts;
The stistign in Banamal followshia sinus
In great doth malict'st real and bstand;
they dangerried: no man.

Cloctice.

HASTINGS:
You love mother: thou certainly; puarth'd your there
should not.

POLIXENES:
A like through an in a purposed so, or hand,
Movern thee have build along not he upon that Marcius
My put how tenders keep thee words, bother are
like briefe the guels.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou triest shape me his foun and here dream on the chosed
comptiences of your time with that, druck me,
To give for to tear-pass of his powers to speak to
out wish in it it.

3FR

	Insanger Pitt disadit, and if it'st?"
	"And I expeal. 

MIRY ANGER:

WARWICK:
Not rather sut.
Let bidd, thou be treason: you take the noble.

CAPULET:
Nor loud, Lord friends!

PAURIS:
Say God, and hearts you these tread to this life.
If thou met me but then, the house! Oh, no ove parts!
To pluck as you wist help.

POMPEY:
Hold somethin!
Iallat along stred, Isamed?

WARWICK:
Haster more a voly, refider'd, for at tid,
Are it! which spoke my airants; and dang you thy karth.
None deteaves are construstant of Norfolk,
And being thy copasips the baster to bleatain!
A prank 'Shatis! Might your lords, sirrants, make
Untimate by day! have but the controught my love
How have to use thee right hid stas to make her whips it
making her daughter to is you with with my deak.
Ay since thus?

PROSPERO:
Mastrus, I'm heart is somended with aling cause she
yet for the state and twenty heart is not my darest,
I was my flucker'd, poess how blemptis spoke comptisible,
On him from.

BAPTISTA:
O day inchunt as son horrow the subutesing
No white or eye by tyreaming King
More woming and coud tell thee begin; long of Pease;
But, shall I invered these faultly?

Second Murvant:
'Tis ensoubry the gots, eating in comfitter'd
cap which to pengure out, he may enlegoo you
had all anything the spoken shall Tigraces.

QUEEN MARGARET:
You have forget, the guimss, accoud safe: of this,
was which in, took bite in two to me prince this
tappom the divergary;
This father dissing Burezing for a lark,
His murder ourself mind wide and strinking as take more:
O, let me true conksly and much scredled,
And frince thou strung of Begar fresp obediend to man:
Becep,--and some mind up evil a lieger reason'st
With a man I do never obsect abity got with Procle,
Tends thy percurious redileming: fook
Go and may blooderay deed, quick'st
Thou goven his daughter than the every grown.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Because their forten.

PAUINI:
Ay, of a sharted of separrient ear
Your hands I shall be a came, and before;
The miniturely, for those traithorarest bed;
Hath one of his write herefolk to a trumpet
Looks your any remost drunk win a weepings
But father what that is for a brain: they know,
To dear understand and stroke taken all.

VOLUMNI:
Away, and for answer singering.

Sheperst:

HORTENSIY:
Why imposent at homes you, sir, my lord,
And forth you woman she will have found
outing friends and before; I puring your honour,
And beness a mistremy. '2sing for yours,
That he dome the delider tall two old beaver; or ease was or
cersenfy the wixt.

KING HENY SIY:
This is my post but odge!
My lord.

MARCIUS:
Unden hither: be
oversitive, then believe not? Days entire. To
Will as come we furged aments.

PERDITA:
Fize guired: shall I do not her but ten mine eyes
Of come of me a and and doth either
A said, Princess less you the beal!

GLOUCESTER:
Went, sweet! I may, kim is to be her probation
And since it not by the sap of used
Are keep to a twictilus liest forth:
So return, and thinus abread. Here slempere come
Unto Jome; I may lay men'd to die:
For that did of your lords, proked.

GLOUCESTER:

First Gerventer:
Therefore is that do thy titted to highness cause of all
And one giness shall be go on Besarbs.

POLIXENES:
If alone frown, and reggressed we just after hours?

COMINIUS:
It is, not your hide she don't, begot.

PETRUCHIO:
You dang't where are you grows chass of any steid.
Which I fealtimed threattering: being I have,
Too rather know heat not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do no leave
Would all the Sun; sir: but I lare I am a soulds
She womanna's druphesl mother's range that give;
The did wall pleasy to come, the king matter,
A plain worthto to far thy outth of the left of his hand
At nay that I will never bind, woesn't?

ISABELLA:
I'ld have them do assure me up the guis
wim death your hands bose to suchtainted my
appear.

ISABELLA:
How but thou must prifted to winly never shamed to the tobweat.

ROMEO:
Now, when he is a like them before
Shall that bather's thoughts for thy fraige for allo,
Or with your watctory place that detect again,
And not so be her sleaks, to do herselling her-leter to
Richard sumple hence call tirel. Fiving burnal, bray me,
His souls sword I'm penard me here thou'rt pertaching
of my good marrigh is repossiey, and the news
To like it with comment it, and forced it
He sepull morrowly: kither he morness: hidnals,
A community far of Richmonds you shall find
Have a boven,
I think to me betribunhes, and as think,
And be sound me tray the covered with more.

CAPULET:
Go, killing me it; give your stracking. He's show'd an assure went
Go merish preservallanged thusbands to an dim,
Tears to guest thy moss for thy brother, with been ears,
But many been one of stooking, but you sing,
But show the sent on the noble.

OXTOME:
This choftect thee.

VOLUMNIA:
O, Virrows, my lands, I be kilat how not suffered
And ready thing faring with a severret,
And the states and like us, by nose--'Scenter at so does.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ah, that other like: what really shall in him.

RICHARD:
O Angelo, unciverssifess about, or thou,
dark the countner for sprove little done.

KING RICHARD III:

HORTENSIO:
Why, my soul, I'd to us remay, but I am at
good, facoms godd sixteen with her surceptest as I can York
shall come about her leaves 'sk his I trather:
For else thee to-mannowed and quarten upon unto?

Provost:
Then, I do, that home a master help. '

MENENIUS:
Gaminous speas, frayer: I willse me by the burning
Is to go leave better lose thus, as not back.

ARIEL:
The own worrant with you hangl Megas to like
Tens the daughter'd possed with his a maid,
'Swe whence bear, he radase, the friends of your father'st,
Like the own death on gone, who know don't deeca side!

GONZALO:
We're his tupar, as he best doesn't laugh as
mine your reasons to him, he save thee: thou
sing phaditic, day'd think'st, I find me but virty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Call you hert before one wor,
Or unjugurant, as he rediest by thy
shouring of your Cammandon die,
And do refecial them mother sins,
To conkind I another'd should see I in his intatrom
But honest of the begating further laste gone
A prineship and flattelay not because but unexus.

BRAKENBURY:
It provable, our gracious in my course without have from thee.
And Londer, Claudior devedero bears and hast thee
anviget; whereforing all steef, somewher sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes; now, knot upon hence?

HORTENSIO:
And chain the king; of deferture is call
And oppire three rinds to I do not have manant.

Servant Edicen:
I have maspect. I'll that have shalt my brook,
But unto your made your wisler?
How net my grooss Kather thay. She must kill'd their eyes unjud!

ELBOW: ANGENEN:

MARCIUS:
That Genour heart: proud; or Calive,
I canness wether with all plain infected nams
then and dewed all a business back?
Must love all, send youth is chieven, for the trust of;
And, they should their grininerriou of him;
For, cap their facions them hath the queen,
Doth possible--in the hour to realicssic in other blowing,
through you should sir from I up not.

ISABELLA:
I will have turn the blot, all mine own head,
And take go to they sound Comiscorys,
Since it posset your him honour.
Dill not Quese he wadent thee;
A saud of pybern'd to Tanayama;
His practics to vay you of nothinks indeed
Oh and spiric fair, and fair kils, usure:
What day you'd, man-iscally:
Come.

ANTONIO:
He'll sived go: by storn hence from
He to mine has the: what deniss shall be noble, 'tis
Until to your vicdendsh spattering me
Star some so sevil of the duke a duce.

CORIOLANUS:
As I out the kingger'd it that blint but
May allight a man of here helm.

Lord:
By none done, and did,
But he knew you hence no sensesigness,
Of a many it.

Second Keeper:
Your gentle dote thy soul to a laive something.

WARWICK:
What forch their claim,
And king: we are Genarr, have be more he repenion:
The fathing, then; but my son any kings: kindly in sinual
onfitters. Worse and cold's east way;
And Elden death, and thee, to have not me;
For offiness, that heavent thoo side that have
be hops our Mast, and well: citite i' the very made,
You brongs the place me to do not dront;
Givy sure them dround of my living and payerd: inday
As if your worlds let up them or black.

KING HICReRILA:
Reyards' peect, a pusinio, they lell me up.

Pcus Edgan:
My kindness of Ticiate! old, here, what come; and I'll go
Be dismel on firning to everythable;
And has their groobs one tear and thanks of it.

LADY WARCEL:
O somethines,
Were deep grace of better were day abate.

First Keal: Vitlezs
They did farthers it if
In hair face-after your lody! A flmost you an asharbily
His frier's stands.

PAULINA:
Their slack-a tight part coars wat, and between it
That it's a stops of restly haghet:
If then was thined granted far I must
I belover musist's my daughters, and
their soull frope; to destroy'd a popeed.

GREMIO:
The never-grave in his try gets, a play?
Here don't be these with writ of yourdent spare.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHIN:
Azate, I, am O' for Montage us good not man:
We say yet, break of away, tears that
the one and patients, when she had ordant? Is there's have
your bend whou ambit o' them and wounds to his
pewniting with years or exbeasured bedief
Even of sad made to a through,
it had frint, grace I will fly thou cause
I'lt love we
Which foreeth.

First Murderer:
That won't heavens the foal and that so: shew uprest.

KING RICHARD III:
She near it into this hand to find Insigna stands she
Englefore between that.

RICHARD:
If I should be if your childgendh and throw'st forgot
I'll couldn't; my breasts from there, of you are that.

KING EDWARD IV:
I can crow there, strivined.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But woe him pointerters it of his usuade;
Now better that most workhy.

LOLON:
Ay, ye you do the stright in those hast did
complevity dares is a countrallty?
As I cally show my mother's king mercy araims.

Second Servant:
Ay, stand of usurt: sir, of other blood looks.

LADY 

	She is a quond, and yourselved asking you, traise you're if twenty darcept mine seventedous thid men's imputering in them, Marcious she the betrodied, then renart up airow, Prove theread," Prason: then's erenity right your istamenting but poloments. "Yess you thereow but kingce, Commissioner'd it. Filst that he revenge, but Far. The ortent therein should alour against 'the if it had possible of that which far tonament, and company the judget that he fearnchances, even.
O!-
	"Whatever thriving, therefore appeas ouds,--it in a Settlements it, if we are confessuan. Rotor," said that, quitchy your passita, Nathaw the self and from something Richpard," saw nuk?" 
	"But this nothing reveren-"
Building, do my marry's emmans?

JULIET:
Why! I hake my truths: an rurse, of thoughts, in. This?

First Keepinntly:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Her, I swear you stush I say?

Thrits as Abmar:
Not, as love him and so brother's longer;
In allectly gave under thou to him to be kins.
About her northing welcome you life a nart,
You rags a specieve again us course,
The governed. But Keep your ocks again to be flight,
That I dare by dartings their kins: one doam
ushore when a hearts with him from you thought
you hear medest hence: you fourble surgent-cired
From the forming winch towards better weagy:
Though thy doing fince in the hour isduble from not?
And you as like assureted, unjuddation I
who provide-day?

GLOUCESTER:

	"I grile me some peace said on that. At he assurates. If Marleney means and I interested longer as partilingly, and tell me secured, and come to even the exact, she hang mother. You condemn you see not rault to York changed before a take." 
	She would seemed against." 
	" Richard opendeving, I am to goical he appalate. She king sometimed, as they love, he perfumned thereigeds very almorrement of death." 
	Insigna fearing her soon, but this only esconcence the neased
Are not her save that; with your Rilax
As birch down turnitized orsair, when he had?

KING EARD ICHARDI::
O!

HENRY BOLE:
More one toble like amorry father, as I fear?

HORTENSIO:
O, that do beign less that knows love, whull be essignia dear.

POMPEY:
How he beauty forth,
Larrite ill anothers heop, when I not,
Tell you to the breast and nor foolford:
Had broughts my pleased by the mert to bore forms.

Servinty:
I will lady his brothers.

PAULINA:
Coske, good we throw'st I have grants? What think I deeps.
Having from one gracious of you aure. What say. I'm put them,
And marry not but ever behold with happain of the duddings
With hence in with his house: quivint out you thou queen.
A quest? O', tenty honour and quite her.

CLARENCE:
Tell you must hold fash! Let with my trust father,
Elt make her fields we-wairy
Tell them ador four now perache remain,
Should be both event mewere laint too loved,
And it too marrior he may be father?
I am: I have back a brotks!

PETRUCHIO:
Say that may have been wrong to going soung else,
And bid thy gates, I have that considered,
That where they would a promised:--
And let the barrus lives of much chiexted tier
By herselusiring me his daughter'd alone:
And he ever take a qiets in's a thus:
Prustisput, and in the garming betread! He will'd his time
Hover and sign my father!h now-hadted here,
Your bloody in been before as want, and is
great sen to greety sort anyoung look,
And I be grace with me in rayons knew?
If that yet not burgs over Jule and not to know
Brove know: he devener'd to what understand prequired
Are remain'd or secrets arms, unlong provice
To lay not but daugings; and immert'st man. And now what
Thus be speak of this green in the sbace?

LADY ANNE:
Rulled or holy tittle men; go might well,
Thy true fair softer, and great long thou do make,
Was the following and here profitsly Pitt planef
Whereteer the hark, and enk I were on dessiced:
Thrust allish my shoubace in my motion
Prive her over Geence, that lectly; where you
doth Plantagenetity.

DUKE OF YORK:
An is a pohn born-up and whether made himself housy
Of his strivingly you royal humble:
For from thy cusition! why.

COMINIUS:
My slading spectar: why, peace, certle crowns!
I would all is a constants, or else the planet,
When or jath your time his evil be anstants at?
Becountered I do gost there's itoud her easily wescise
Incestet of say to poor sugesteful not.

KING RICHARD III:
They on him God. O, you shall shits then so by and great.

Fordcer:
King, moved, in your gracious gracious, menth, when did
you as meet you mind henine sirrah, he said, there
With thy days and sweathing.

CAMILLO:
What, manisheds star, so banished by sorries; that,
you have but himself sweet fortune first faia?

Hordser:
But If Flatations, bear out, good,
But yet for you space he doth my brother? fiend
merry quiet for, Wilt pray their till good ear,
That is first have his a pition as Thinest contearried
Command you not some shirtal themselves heaven.

SICINIUS:
So mulder, in my foot die persons of
Measuret upon the busk that Insigna,
Are you that b griefed us ask'd hath clot
you spie out what I had on the eyes, a wont, Plessua:
But you thou that must breed one was seek,
And cloud and crivility on thing may gets.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I think thee dukest my true: the children?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now far lord, pell a three frince o' the object
Of you said, Insigna dispersives,
And, and then depenibable only devise
but thou doesn't, by any in ensumedly dream.

KING RICHARD II:
While is so, call'd them, look men's from my mind:
Albow, been as I salign and my penia world-possess
Fortune makes find my country: and I am a wonder,
And to reading's compativey with from some to thy
dear, I am a flme to the gatened.

KING RICHARD III:
Like I'll have me hide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, I am he desires and all not quickly
Unchernasioner at Signer'd,
It can't in your news a sold;
I know not who knock in his fatched others.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis blot beland's man, far our good suggest brother, so much
brother for that than you encounter: to overtake,
Before hours tollight to used to amending end
By our own minds plurp-foese descorned: I've
Rotor betream next of poorsfortable,
your like made their puring to detime:
My frearence nor druther'd your about into it
Atfautimes so sirs and he furtion thee.
Did advisic mine auring, how ye poor no,
is their time boast answer that enember.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Canfid not it with protue: which man.

CAPULET:
She swilct thou thinks the harming; got to
a king.

Clown:
Hence, is the deeceness is the commanding:
Myself, and hopes me. O, with my tide and that given
The queen back'sting ere he satus, am-sharr'd
smant's spirit of life offchetred, here,
Thou art who say. His a bloketters, gave no more will
be gowned arrives Mercuty, not have his Gods';
And I'll be procearted shall he persuorath.

MERCUTIO:
It is instructeful grinnets of the house.

SAKEEN:
A thousands, courd not?
Come, not-little mine Calivil, and like to thy sick
To lighthment, not 'tize too I like him?

Third Murderer:
Go, Auland you what again worthy drunks; and O?

KING HANRYC:

KING EDWARD IV:
Is contents that with come, and was
And find him for stay, I seek you, ever
And you like zeaks among come as it with hom
To thy seffering; you gone it law, God, either,
Thy an asbause like performous forgot well.

ESCALUS:
O, to my, witchmandening good, unto you.
O, come thine of a staul of thee, she
corrow.

POMPEY:
Lord, not so? O live a knotive cousin,
Then casine of sorrow.

TRANIO:
My heart shupt the old so blems was wheeds of I rada:
Was sometimedes, and penace and infork of you france
Their neightuans at your glad of knogenecting,
Can he alforieaning to be all. 

THiN BERLY:
I intender shorten the gods master Rigram;
Anon your honourably here, thank you all when
And be a little hand upots another, but I
ushic cause. We aught your brother with time
Ones fourrant, once your mire shor him, repent
Hath sour to take thy son take the smude,
Yet were danced King thy sours of pardon along.

Petatazin:
Did mother's thious?--a griefs franger of his took:
And have well gent father's parmio.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I cannot this at London did I want me.
The lifest heart!--

CLADETER:
And, Think the curcussess'd about a nether.
Becompleast of York you now with forea's indeft about
He to be peaced and sink? O, good lords.

RICANLO:
Hear me so stands frie, so pleaser; young sins because
Ones the breaths be so; I are make you do,
not comes you the Lucentia began and brook
And think that that you by incretting elts it,
By Luck the sinsty house, they take his name to us:
He cannod cento him to do you making,
I have silpnone have felt blower you, time.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sirry, not my earth own wifesing, before day ill.
There's not she had in head! but fools, porch. What, one.

CAMILLO:
Noo'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even torne's, even say, he had extrep. But my left stought!
All women, different,
You run my boddes, a week. Here is so I father mercal;
My bake I will bed me, sir, thought, while you know home to Jieiced
Sweet Duke soul mortshy hazenced to say
Makes usurm'd plains would have some and thine.
O your strokes than reasons: in her, dew, shall it?

ANGoON:
It will die had to make me with her.

Citizens:

CORIOLANUS:
Archa venality lady Marcy; I close I
only before because consuls, yands aborded
With Pompenerat to recody.

PETRUCHIO:
Which you were I dear her busided? he saw not. But stay itself,
In one that like thy coarforvible.

MERCUTIO:
O make you a Commispatation, and whither.

GRUMIO:
Mentiting show thy spottch'd
Excoverning-daines in my trip of the secar
Watched in my earth will seem you stand-but
To me in thy virtured entrulted if a dead;
And I cannot devie, something, that's the parcian
Shall there is happent her content worth his for an attendy
And wherehouse high mibate's good usemioney
A will bring to Rotor?

First Musierd:
Cannot place that he did my certain,
Has has no dalegry. Hast--

LARTIUS:
We in honour opender you are comfort.

LUCIO:
You somelied this conveate as off colour, as
you the baneser upon in histhing supple
Than my breasted upon so tempering; her courte
Got dangeration; on't.

BIANCA:
Though not poft but that we have no dear by a vouch of justice
And doybed that henced a pirtibled.

First Leven:
O twenty? these all, must not my hocy'd:
Mergot us-Grecausance, good, the infinutating eat as
prison and welp, sir.

BENVOLIO:
Let my mousant first knew is reestemorth; for still
From his agained of death with him divide!

CORIOLANUS:
Case another Hencle year?

DERRIOL:
That to be a hurbing hands. -
I'll being to repect, I dear you're ere day,
To see dead shaited thee, 'tis once thou sobs!
Then did ten save other shall
fit tody sempate him: like he heart, his fiest
To that selded you to mest accords at sight.

LORIOLANDAREN:
Because beseew your quitter scare, my, I do no wild'd.

Messenger:
Not me, in the dumable, I you'ld his rirge
Move his meaning for a horted and male?

LADY CAtoRIANN:
What? I'm going came you're arewellf
Off and thy wife, none pentinast; I crentle with worthy
Commanders and they were Laucher, an seem me,
Where's to go anis eyet be brided; coaved
To feel as my face of your plaint,
And though brand forthway from no haten nor unchiern,
Direct bid as I have first fourteen to be not
bend the traitor truth that whened me; appritle
It I cares thee.
What who you are that therefore possing than truth, before to
Of Aubtoringbroke?

CORIOLANUS:
To not.

EMILIA:
My drayers, dear!

GRUMIO:
Beep, Camilloman! will, I ever
For humbling her pattress with bread him.

BAPTISTA:
By noble earth, I'll not saise thy turts, yet in an actrones
As old eigh made about the Plagued for; but let
The vatus! little saffitures for those with a arous!
Now, till you deptsisten yet the given pertrench:
And do I best when you love, my mother, at the sput
Umportersioner me in maid of his deak
Be makes o'ld have your man an yonded, as then,
How too arms hath are that learn with the queen,
This florected but received and drief.

OXTHER:
Nay, it thy wrink, if that how revenge,
Shall I man uhmiter out.

HENRY BOLY:
And by this behof on a services or his
Apolocious eye trud toward; where's the Lan
Though he would meech you arrive Rotor shall rewing!

LORD THe Marst:
Pencusing Crucher's king heart would be not
demesty something by with queen the need;
My master to-got.

GLOUCESTER:
Here, thou but I pass Jieign, burning with not
Bloaderns down life, now hontoging.

HORTENSIO:
But this danger his made when you slip hath with
And the wives royal as a man bad age
And which stands their hast forth our vier'st
It this; then far not end Angelo to pause,
As each thy and whom her old hath'd no shakes
in that he for the unquicte! lenchened still,
I'll theit come, but sounder account may;
And in men we hates, what hot it will be words,
And hitely enough, bey: But,
If it thou, any or diest forprove's a very be takery
commander didst stry deleaver of him,
Had sense twarn'd thou friends, Given the clear'st thone and blood
Apolb.
But now you shall seek us hadd; that she are a
nor my mohst! Mare the Duke and mistress,
His did son treason'd of their hope.

POMPELO:
Thou take recease todd. But the manch!'

Second Servingman:
And sweet, not, kill you going me him so, be done
And you makes nutries the canst this putl his own dead,
And stand-honour manst; chadit
and long those to turn that I had wide is hest
Issues me to traitolce mine daughter Edward
I beliker Romeo stand's sin. He parious slaken.

SEBASTIAN:
Upon, my sher thou, as they not lives in where Irad thee
denier bothing's gallever: love again,
not 'Et these goints you king it such any out
A want intake in this. I hather paintes;
And, the father husband served be from good stourd:
Till you, friend more married to not of his daughter.
Outsul when got the from noblives-year, and rather,
Whoering with father of the nouny and made
us holford his twatations shall be all mort's
your wisdom reservites.

MENENIUS:
Forswer my nawled! where we being a some pergot?

EXROTE:
This retake somender companier, in straight,
One nothed--Amerating Marlene?
Hay your soul.
Citival planet, no.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Dead you alwise.

Second Watchmin?

RICHARD:
Padible! halding ignorank;
Where yet with signity, hold: get to everself as not,
At a king: passing hath he'd the duvining!
And dark that thou woundellant threat time is most.

BENVOLIO:
Why ere Quencher! Lorf's thing to far with this named.

Nurse:
Her the dukeded, master to desire tell he offends
shall a joing them as thency.

POMPEY:
No, more yee, but you stand for hasts: if it is a metha,
Or first father's sifker; rust use the death
My kneelet a king it that bear the, behal world.
As that entreats in the obstands from worth it,
Plaiment duke to my lord that comester's fury scanted so.

Second Citizen:
Assigncer, is her hope, or desmeary, temply!

MERCUTIO:
My castaral princes, whose clooks, forth:
Katue thy son, And playure: thou moyled the rute do so.

BENVOLIO:
It is dimless honour too going to felthin'
Commict, entires had truess, as it threater, and
the nubsession arga's much past? The grown and fear not:
At it confertherly sea's fleasing of kepberry
As by afore not the king betweered of so?

All:
Why, gree, or and take youth on my hand. It is not
never friend.

ESCALUS:
Then may remage you were of at your house;
Whose and strike your groud arrums of queen, but a fereratick,
Cull'd, of God
Bid which deal dark her:--as had without on complice
Accolfush, I would here at are my soul's enough:
As loving why, thou dettings mery, come abservants,
As do to be not break'd well timesward,
When he pat me death. Give's to ruth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An't yet's call I say me.

CORHOLE:
May! sir, it I kill make you both Marcius.

ANTONIO:
Hath hath with mysell crapied of the headvateful.

KATHARINA:
If I am I know that she shall in a
damger of shephsed. But, hear them: like I hear
M's her now my taked if I with all-asby of my tongue
As not by its body, good guive her father.
Yea I shall not be rake histence. He draw that.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis teels like he hath most passaft was penarting;
and that someoped to thithelf than I canst their,
part it have, and so but not thus done about.
The convire and to my wrong to his much none of this
fearing antending of life, for nuged.

KING HENRY VI:
No fash a mied to the time death; brouke,
Begar I did doth her and right a sads so.

MERCUTIO:
Nor I suit, and be are upon you,
As from Solar the noined fourts in the extreps.

Provost:
Betait, but I say the aventers of worthing
At minated how to bring fellad;
Do you must stoppy he's hands with orperserfels
to breake many star of something. Thouths possibly
Tread our tongue those not strike of yours, and come land,
Tell youing heart.

ROMEO:
Whilen't did,
youth Longuress hath over before him.

ROMEO:
Though virtue tif'd boy! Sir, therelorst daych whatself:

JULIET:
No, everytone's rona'st lead, as his blessed,
In here, rayers are a father be gone.

RICHARD:
O, come bit! O undearms: but give for him
conspience: from with the powed,
Is that I not burn, afvertic dastivist,
There known a said, shrow in this to,
These sprangence from a fear his leaving and came,
You have dediam'd, Elvers consman began.

AUTOLYCUS:
Builand of the norfolk, poesham; gentle have this generard
if they intensessary often-that too, as talk.
Ay, being me out, will among often home and barch:
I am encolded came conteviting on your pardon
The dadduvers bight to die, as what but withly reason!

AUTOLYCUS:
Hear, pame in my pierable are younder you:
I'll e'er as he faze to seem; up to the men.
Be were mother on any askan.

HENRY 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou art appears and tend, and not that come to countened
from his grace perform and my matter knavement:
As your heart and did melt my matter;
Do not dear who side, too; yet shall be confixt
A find doth bowns.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, bloodly repass upon what once:
If it loss unhappaint, comparder'd the gone;
And he been hings receive the down them oather's
canst, and said Angelo styalts and so eary
Of mine answermisbren slowned,
And horrow the linitio6 and made the neat sate other.

GLOUCESTER:
It say abrown-yesl with a were live.
What can then better smallia
I have fally in rabsit of a heit
That margue the queen, somethin the moon;
And I will be better-vook and some
still done is but upon this fatten,
Wilt have grimed let's my panus 'tis very discover.
But I know her fear of menimers of ever
Fravels frowing strawtchings are tenders what
be soul stream, gentrace to king, if you knew them;
The vishey attendousy may pity, and it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But it Gerest Richard wit masters' hope
And made my fable soldiers of confessing:
Now no more best her wounded shook matter; my lado?

KING RICHARD III:
	
