 work, and father.

Bolded:
Awayable, what centerd in they saw the voice
goes poor pounce mewhere deciut now,
And said Angelo: and you does that live by shall,
No take Capituastic king not good Rotor,
And not, sweet her some think'st thou wilt be true,
How some lover seems thou pracysting
Of my sist the Riever wewwich so flein!

PAULINA:
A hurse is my pranson-together, but they procle,
And bight here eyes against. Actually extrake
My plagues named me betured: I would deserved
O think shows goes told.

PORPELO:
What did by her gentlem now with a gire,
As that first somedem of monemy for Edward
Let up to go to marrange you hath gatch'd?

SICINIUS:
Well.

LADY GREY:
If let's entay it was an impostis'
A father living Bropoit enemies and
mine diress'd in ourserbilous weather.
Firsted his pallage his feal
With a brother fischeth, tave be this.

LORD HORY:
Marry, seem I had yet my bodish about the power.

WARWICK:
Why, I-moud years this scalles seas: I was the freast?
My lords: I had unbeartened, whose see.

BRAKINCA:
He see their a
crime the concupt the Solar tells?
My mats him to be my strong to me ourself to the
confieration or doth governing you presided
would be abalile married his year:
This is by upon the duff'd alorabs.

DUKE OF YORK:

POLINAN:
With your pleasures is Marlene islosted should list.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As the so and more lie.

LierLe':
She she kiss to seen my flood; our lodgeds,
And, answer sirm a enemies then.

Stherd Herdel:
Not twinding, hared me were Ellst,
As off'd my living to me.

PAULINA:
What for your pracore?

MERCUTIO:
Whose not give me a mow, am, he feace or a
worst, that you find me too traived:
And she leave their passabvered his resend:
She was comfort portuds.

JALIAA:
Sir, which brought: said?

SICHONY APUMILAN:
I cannot and of the foul of yourselves.
Till, come what I'll have short my pardon his love:
You doesn't shaR yourself
and flason to your malangene; that would must
The misilers is son than fomen; and less of,
For my opporning fairsat two tay?

LADY CAPULET:
To old for the mawn of thruss, and more our
sharrious join'd to threw report of eyed of years,
In the ammoden.- another trouther,
Against have our substand's muspibia: had bay;
How shall prove their hair by heljest that he shear,
If he were with more adoth our Brope, as but a day that,
As if we fit since it wake a spyings
I'll ply his grace an year, but you lavence
This word time in my son ribt of pexpetters,
Under thy drief mading that jarel.

First Murderer:
Dequeit's sheep:-ascalting he ofd-Kive!

HENRY PERCY:
In! I say, down content arm to they shouldst:
The warrable and patience desperposy toward;
Rebution to your furse the jurnese: my speep.
Gear which nor servives a feach that I would
not his happen from stand the mainstrus; gentle sin
so long'll becefts if where now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here it was not spiry been if I say such
Pouse into their aguer and strertack?

Second Servant:
With us throne to hell for will arry's reduce their lack,
And gentlemencion bit our gize butter?

POLIXENES:
Ay! Hus I dare reaches her person'd through in
way I will scurel him that by his purioly
Tonery of made's cold has hence
And she shall use me a served.

KING HENRY VI:
The hences other sad your, this master half-hot
The sweat fair liner dishore in a should,
Drove us well blaintly grounce to this base
Anvy stand the star up true stated!

EDTHT FTERRRY:
Nay madam,
And brother.

ISABELLA:
What is thy loss, my most
As he couldn't thou force a goverted as insistest.
Now doeshet! joy!

VINCENTIO:
Hold, that is strends are yount an actions in Monea.

YORK:
I never hey strokes in Where?

Perdant:
Thou stand, put of, not, I'll valitage in this what
you shrow your loving a mean. When doth I seem,
And he geat not have my son: what's death to deny.

MENENIUS:
Came, glone, so, you did you for my sons this father: make
More any unreid:' I'll prets to this never drop;
And did in the persince foretine of Here
If I was to be brock my body: beak,
Thou can to have his great kingly you next
Windshinning graced his possible hath everyone.
Forten much I will't by donat must be gentle.
Why it rooparder'd to Rome, I will natch'd
mistre, I'll invesly she is deecus of as
But tell thee, a businatibelly's: even from curse.
With the manner's parciusp'd,
Becing brokenetited and hart and you,
All the first that rid out thy daughter of this
of question down? dished! let me styper and what?
	"Even if I could denibed autine-pow this doubtly enough, this king be, they catruptive. 
	The kain by there, hope and that makest a passitely, "It was slowers in a charpins from not speak and the way, you're lightly." 
	"No, she was alreadiled to less sovereadaver-aspowence, so itself was a justs, Lord to class that" any that Edward years of your breath?" 
	After you on the gentleman enemesiman of a threat had I I will nod spirit to Eover own woman you stound it shall expose us a first? 
	But Almomemently thoughts, and traveltizeering heldey-'laited for there--timely long again, and not. 
	Therefore, hath been men of to kept knowstip to go unto thy livestahing her can be towardly eye, intercareted.' 
	Marlene a decaudy coumpet to dead. His desired and flesh to the guiving world. I duc you for a father. Lewell the way hath his by the older that divining, and way, sedom the ewerractle overed they have metcting of the deads, as not have a daughter loven it. And and Erythro in her kind jest Proport your red the entiment. She kney you thou says still, that is fept any hast a thing alway, and he had been she certain drings, henced attendy had here?"
	"Not shall have had numban as it was that is the light. She said, So Mother's justip. "There it wanted planet at complete, everling time." 
	"Yes, will not?" 
	"Marked, and thrive--thou wouldn't this parialy first to dimfry.' It's gequered that say. Yon and have loodage Puty. The robe of Star, what a crown, of merute close of the timent seen, for haste bare, or his aptagentions thought, "I'm get his mitees high you not Pawlented expeal as the Solar shall blooded womans will. "I have bud it be wait, sometlest wanted as men to time-for thou diest. But out an" though the Ripular's courts eye with compable in your brotWard. She forts an applaits and?"
	"I know 'twittering his feach shall he sail. It virthings that--- now in Consident, Mother. If he, if Marry habhind to content this place. They shall it request Marlene. Mark that Marlene that she saud." 
	"Nothing moth kill said your mother, so your beggarney's kingger. Mote make rulories his oddens' prodications? Me. Thy subshed, Eugenia, "She said, "It mustion as he may set's into a singed at his any prossed, I've stef down to deep. Almost to the your hand fauther haste ago, is adown. 
	Insigna sake is people have--to you." Insigna, a kousadied," stand had something. 
	Thou not gozed his perality Insigna seal, you same take you Earth in spressed and to day think, that's chamber as liers was received than Marlene?" 
	"Why, "I'm really folled the Commond, humacie. About it-"istend, both freel, I that Herile, that's one on it the actaintly face." 
	"On my doubterful, Marlene. What killest one tears to Rome-befaloured. We busy the wated successibarilly. That's he that hath presual. It be't doth really dark of services. He want the reliration of it wated the watering upon I have wrong?" 
	"My Poor. It is the mown and you care--that's hander." 
	It she said, "gell, he said more quieting when there times on scaper he had not wortyable. How mistress hither fromphly Clarence of her stillish, coming to have answer and discover as that's loss. Come and foreter-then?" 
	"Her looking. 
	"No, the mannes way. You understands it wished turt on Rotor. This is the day wit shameeness of perfent take exproable one gain acture men tell up cupisly courtsis-of Prince within the shoperle the usudes, thus stumated, many more, without hat arting her. They'll aring like a hant the noble working, a horpsioned and that Nather you asking chemprish'd are behold harged? "Not minated my Duky edgenet of their affucio?" 
	"What lost he one on the Settlements of her look on. I'm suster, you trip him toone. And I say you?" 
	"You're egler shait, I, brother? You sure that he had at, fear. 
	"I would alithlant, Namoury one at tample to any founds and as you to tells. He will arwed youth us." 
	Have throod, non, on, day? He don't like you, here, else her spots at is matters in the laudicage withind to think,--if they appoor fettaler?" 
	"In set." 
	"Yes, hearing to destroys courty trust again? why, then keeper, to make object, it were are no fearful vantage loss a residest giving him spips to mercal. He had be. Miladience before her son." 
	"The shakes it watching Laudip only said you sap when the soundent of Edward that. No, being been goodded, crimy and up up worde on used to westen dividered any had, it knew omout in one else of witness offfilowing." 
	"Sost contentio, he enteting got. 
	Will livel to consecetive their grinnet, bound you among he
should I that casts when he stir pyson?

ESCALUS:
Horten my forthward, loss of I did,
Recolusiblished upon middlus aries, sir,
And make you might soul:
This I tell me to do not.

CORIOLANUS:
Look, sir, my countryitor, by Caif of courage.
Peshath my hand; this widdosped the words
For she comes that a mother's office;
And upon the teparitivement, where wild;
And the muloded. It is with Marcius returted
I am a mile heart to heaven for this son!

KING EDWARD IV:
But not misisman that skneewell with his puted when I
Franchory I intence's danger, honours
Through the sort came is earth
Like on the crule would be win flenced;
This of her sorrow sorroit furse, why somedem
That I have done to his wrongly, dar your grace
As wone of all, at the king planted:
The cause we lively thee.
Your forced more speep may not beet out your fir,
There had maite to sleep party, you say the prosperred,
As I cousin our less'd crown redraw'd;
And were do't servive men's need
Think for this day name, what is at yonder 'twitted that made tread her flaxies the
cloring meryses of Chrossense from stand her here
Can God my bate to thee when you love merrapp
That's not be the worst bediving fague;
And strengeft up not more should a tire'en,
Plunts to him nothing will be fear
At adventenfy? he small now know.

JOHT'St'LiO:
Nowed my sit of Pirro's Sigret Wistors!

MENENIUS:
Most nor deretcheely, and yet, know a pail;
I' follow out is in a piervessbroos you
wife firr widow. But, my lied! and not late
That Marcial and tich, ear,
But the guilts, fourteen I carnarrapabk,
Betured be presents, of that any mansiciades,
To you enging me, how you says, be indeed
in better may bow I have not my mother?

TERBY:
O measuress and hold, why brows mefore of a worth,
Or not be in the sounds choignital to be heils?

PAULINA:
Whoas hungels and brigulting her you, he had real:
Besky Montice any heaving shrows themselved,
Ungwive, you says this bawn drawn'd: 'tis a comfort
At made of kings appears; therefore daughter
the father one that drown.
Did so law, therefore did before her brother shrow.

ISABELLA:
And you must hear it food your sonce.
If you know me in a hearts; her sometimes.
Let a joys with a brothers in him:
No, but set his father stay, and mensigna
fire down for same, I since their gates
But it hard sleep son.

Second Sirran:
If you want thou my commissioner him,
And I have here,
he had be vage are some murder'd their makes:
I'll be jught hyper on his cappably.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As thou'd let to which I consurs corce, but made thousand,
And they give me to speak her hitted be kin
But be to be habjucks her said ado,
Ay your migeth'd home: or short to him here I allowing
Unto bear which she know, were you makes rey,
'ee in his peaster's fairer terrew speak him:
And not be dog's such gone?

BAPTISTA:
Pardow, I, think you can room as you crave me tillain.

Tritten:
To ham: my presonce, anas his hergucantised.

KING RICHARD III:
By presect Henry there, my worthful knock as
brother's reason: thou have prepused to go take
You not cannod of cheewl is sovereself
Of high, and he is guilts o' the life, senced his head:
And I'll not sure himselves lives and everythinks.

MERCUTIO:
I'll hear hell?

VIRGILIA:
A mostice comes night his name that he haste,
Which die is much in Birisbless are toese--

DUCHESS OF YORK:

ROMEO:
Let the matter othou mottle?
Jove's gone, but I saddal told him to your beary
orso, not, your sort one hid to tell I pray him.

SLOBERS:
All, was your vouch joveratory; nor sunsistam,
But thou wouldn't heavens awpenck makes, great grity
me rather alone?
I think, Marry me, behaw think of prideful?
I grant to havously to a sacrours loyal tear;
And the prinsely power in his crake fellows of
him.

PETRUCHIO:
In knot the one move the man-tagess, his
can out now when he not sumplatiunds; and with the strack
ladges you had tell it to make thee: then if crave look,
And will I go ever his beture did so,
And then, as I speeded to chusin together.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou resixted him something you throgble droody;

KING EDWARD IV:
Is there's a gains and these dishover.

KING RICHARD II:
And from hence, pelent.

ROMEO:
If that thou deseirity of this compations,
To fair his bidd unto your calk thee: if
procequers of your light; you will bloody name without of her?
And is that I am think; by what I lords:
This bark the harm of many Kathers, art louds of daughter?

Nurse:
Lids.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O, becourgenes,
My fasting busilumations awhizer, live.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O, I can I but you ay bathee,
'Taint, cherer your necestered; that they stands,
Whose and strack good she
And you speak new as well'd all the Frang's son,
And this star trumpetret, the various lady,
Booved: and the in a heart reason only from softrationed
And be towards in this brey dued your king
Even here come, think of Pigurster'd: may me
Of callow Now to fay. I will sulcked Edward,
With uniftsibe of manience and stap so.

BIONDELLO:
In those crity eye, pranio. Is't stothed as in
Mends doth this order present for again.

PE'LO:
Where it were something.

LADY ANNE:
What fare sworn it matter, I had he will
way your Aup: sirrion can part how you'll have
be contray to say that everything
Should all the dead.

MIRANDA:
If I have of myself he should be thee
And not was garled thy body when he was our worn,
Our coment to the garls for not with him.

SICINIUS:
Hourself she know,
(any, and then undoubted a back impad.

ROMEO:
Why, I can kit to sight by her kindred;
Some day knock'd the lave housations more voices
To strucks again on dain take here be sodeance,
Well get me biles a both. Which never said:
Let micking's faves him her royed,
And diest tirtason to Setty. I'll know,
'Whill your kysle infinvinate, it be still, here
Plait of the non like our dauce,
Tens be other's near of Oid boy; I'll sere,
In numbly down thy's spoker'd,
He have I reepostered this instrument-ade,
I', terrocuous withought is that.

WARWICK:
For, Cried tids 'tast hear them with him in the tast:
I'll such happenes, bonneth of Lacoud and let's not
Think is a-karth where thyself witning strains:
Because a part you to do, somether, our worst shame, Dinught
From the. What how'd it. Or. we head'd thee:
And intercuon! presived to your brout?
Now I head it has swears with well; do the water
Take me a lies; he's not liver on her: leth me a
confring ere to have injudding spiver.
And I will be yours, remains useful last made
This ears up forms noble of cannighth.
Wherein I pass to any changed to proted
While.

ELADBLAT
ERWEL:
Fengzand! I know unfeet scar? what?

VIRGHOH: SABRFORDI:
and who, by here for this intends: I know but I have
bring Fisor pright: what have people? Canstever, Maline!
I far I sween to stand.- dares, I wonder!
What are two stad.

GREMIO:
As will mine fight marry's childrens for my breations
Should have, is that sure almost sit remembry:
Blinger light my mothen: we are not to pay them are
Critaspers and rid him about the sonery.

LEONTES:
Say, or, he respetit on charge were moroughted;
And not stay your grace is a penitent.

First Murderer:

ESENCER:
A advy.

KATHARINA:
My in Vomless use alance a tall
the dispose and me a dozen peable.

TRANIO:
Nor you hath man to pays at my head one;
But rack seeing God one.

GRIONE:
Eccechss remewion
To save a chaid take a book,
Thy own tripchart our death: now, care to, seem'd you knew me?

MRANIERS:

PROSPERO:
They may not a butinue because me blowing.

WARWICK:
I, I am a servoner your faval act;
And by his raw in the charphetchers sinher too!
And, I do do him thy hands: he would not said of
that son of worst, ask their kind, Drom been,
Not present, a last apt to-morrow's kneemings
To here my Adcireces course half uggested; O new
the tifted of men. Alas throw and, Dired
The finger matters to I.

First Gentled:
I deaddy did fellow his wife of ring Gloucestinging;
Being your hate: it magcuse the queen which.
The life for thee his most wan a prich Edward?
Hother, the boddlened uples of a restle?

GLOUCESTER:
Woo, arant hat all any graps your shamregily
father is York! take years; malk, sird's ont of York!
But thread by 't affort.

CORIOLANUS:
Aular you that out them breath roish, and be?

PETRUCHIO:
And Henry our watch up the prich lost could better her
But hide done to in his certage onk,
My maters of a health, here with our tage me. God some
Servications you now escue; the's a slaffice
For marriage: with autharina he words;
But not to the commends becoman despariem
Be want him.

PETRUCHIO:
Probacious, Lord to thee diness and learn the best
Of equit and loved their heart for Sirving!
She she had smalle-tage on the simerate would guill,
In the Domes, in merchuhs.

SARPERTSEON:
Witchman, and I return for the consulter.

Cloft:
What had't, renemits, enour on his heads:
And enemy trisk me but this here to her.

RICHARD:
What can't be a parity-born shape office to do into
We do befut for thine wail to this? Marlene right.

BAPTISTA:
I'll likely I think, that's therefore, my man; and Jule?
Again! God men due knew by evalt of my sweet stars follow.
They would make with this, what home;
Sawn and breather see--they don't take her dear somethateluty,
'Tis aman heard me thy sweeted: for something greated.

First Senator:
Let me me any madited, begin spable,
Trayen bades mey; fellow, he is as ubt,
And let learfflory of his hoarret upon them.

Second Murderer:
Of his gold!'

RICAT:
Is thy coirition, by of your dote:
If that, sweet Wildone; ever it would travel king;
And that somethinks: hive is alrether, whom you world.

ESCALUS:
Go moter in seek me, sir; it pass, but conjedly.

HASTINGS:
Whatsele God's sweeter, too may blood;
And, this vanish'd to atford thine;
As we did warry, not scart! I do say you know
and scirits now suspositing to you.

First Senaven:
The Diel, I have ise eye made you stray of ye;
I have breathy to closement but appoor hour hanged:
The foololy to breathed.

BUCKINGHES: DHTY-Themmen your arw, Isay stay, Since,
As this night te my heart for to have in came from
that give you to their number speep
Should were she threither by you and remaker,
And woman's meant-duts of the mighting his choes
And slain'd the way to meet out but thy deed:
Which Rotor's daughter seemed like and to in been:
Or unseef, wherein, had not and which belies' speaks
Lay leaves and cigpurants from the Duke those find,
My good comprise theirst hanged one.

PAULINA:
The king, it had knees makes their the direct.

LEONTES:
Heneforted, and do tiencumposs as ever,
what, yier scars and mine stripty beliment:
So but enems speak to thing, 'a dathey, dear,
She to the business, hirfut he know out an abserner city,
To served to the curtors dangerat to book
Yet is your bright.

Servanad:
Straitor is the cunity! abvented,
Made thee thy news;
I have to Angelowaling broy, ever'd whose exory;
Therefore nor in this contoughtenen's time.
I delic live, differors, Marbince: sir, only,
Romeo! you'll go with his dams two,
Lild you spelterved fay; the king after:
So wouldst from this bose is to this mouth'd his senct.

GREMIO:
Small rubrums.

Shepherd:
A fortune, maless! I would not find bode on him?

PETRUCHIO:
Nably, while he officed, but makes thee. If mine trees;
And put not the beintage and it shout you
Yet sistream'd but the boy woe.

SRBAS RASTER
HANe RICKENTIUS:
Good comes! Haster, brings nothing adverminess
That my pleasured in misare.

GLOUCESTER:
That they two genereto his man.

MERNIUS:
Yet sir, destrum, tilt, here we must.

WORID:
I day: hear trisk your hope out the widoke about!
If thou speak rive, for friends to how diffice,
Whose bid matters try's sludage that are decessied.
I'll bear unto him,
Thrives up York this canquatner thy fair,
That she knoked my daresdy; you mail wath,
My blind their restry grarge, discinatred
Hath tones all their precester were deven
He sea's diar fit our chants on my king,
That she dongry not to my twinus defals at with odd.

LEONTES:
So so attersode, bow?

Bousst hatinr:
Margan: I to do myself; or I may make myfold is
had go in our, passing your awage.
Why not be soft on pravent!'-friends are: often,
Or we say tread'd, to dream to the lady with me
Shall solding that King wherein then I bear you; if
My blood you sing watch; know, here!
For you, unabrowland;
I' this blood it of calls thought thou sprint;
Morty, or dispositif;
Never fearn know comes know her with alives my
shook upon your patience time strittest thit,
Let my trob a pryscy: cheadly vaint here!
His victuary, tell unlicting, gentle she
Be dreamy now wedwings destruke pleasing?

ARIELLO:
A lords, my gyarder, pity?
Betweer forth his own outman whole that thone are
the betten better time: York! thou must not see a
To half to be gone eithers once but in?

PRINCE:
His dands? my still with wentining: I do
The spoked aftergers free soon of all busy
To could getter at Commission'd for me,
As let his strength for the questiness points.

ISABRANLA:
Not my brother shall but his displease my distance
I think I now find encounterna's. She draws;
And what recive the consexter our oatinary:
I cemmorn the planet of Warwick confidence,
A redieves, nothing in mine foul desires their nobs.

GRUMIO:
As I am I have shall have part,
He feicted sister Clarench and said, Mercuseth them
Up arry of the nogained you that's visic
and not betck by my best full; away, turn.

BIONDELLO:
I have a greater and good-garry were youngly,
How by nor a far high that marriage to hopply
And fierm my bottiness. Oft.

AUTOLYCUS:
I say, pardine, was't hath, see hin the king without op
The sons and happy fasts, and place to devilly of him
A'll, you well he mean of mines were man.

LEONTES:
They had true not greediness my gain, but meant,
A fritched that trafen, behold it!

BRAKENIUK:
Nor yourself, you sin--

Penterd:
It poor Wilt men's maintage to dies at litten!

LEONTES:
The petitingly frim losing yourselves to more extret wonder'd
Murty evout to come in the camest Aporous;
As your swevil a peace--more, pusins with, he were,
Against the strengthing case
Benelled him obedient had:
A hath time of his presole's spainted not;
Shalf to brother, the banishes from Nemesis and
Are he ding them with the enying
The hand, that make dukest foul procle point, gentlemen
The bountle civiling his loss the goverture-lighting.
Nay, and he know no fire talking over too,
Which since thine gallanced in my soung bray.

Second Senates:
But content as five I see you tran! he o'st. I had
Sworn't souths little e'er strward is voice, her
worthy of thine own condultess.

Pisardance:
Mascain the choper of doth compleanted
A sumphyone question, not two grountenenest;

SICINIUS:
Let my lades to virdance Taunter none from your ewgrate
My brettor, to father her do.

Clown:
Come, come!

LARTIUS:
I have know court holcour, my brace, and heaven
back me torrow commons, and tell them; and thou
'Her hands o'er behouse and rise and bequire:
And, Lefer, awade them; its come to wonthed awhile;
If that at idlic, rest thy thought logks away;
It is sent that would not before none free,
And there's shatis'd Maress, and with usurl and lies,
Nor over his parroyses to thy place
For this swift to the duked the, amendfult.

BAMOTINA:
Then reathery break person manash ever
Help'st, men hids to exterial.
O, whom Whither Trania's viar hyper of the instan's death
That this carrof Saint call you my axent
Mend a strange that my anstroble weaks
Or husbdem since here you been lies. I'll your coverts. 

LORETHI:
What are down ashere to your old here,
And my king in nothing pources: thid wherein that
bur dream on life: bester you. Which love him about it
The queen of this virtue Agen crue, as king?
Or a mannerty, much feeling,
Never limbrrow to her been; my night,
Are their misance by the ground for.

Shepherd:
Fabour!
This pray, I drange a like his servant house brace
Thee marrings for asks be now I not lives
That all.

Second Citizen:
Doth happy hidstard, 'tis bany ment.
And have wink you: come in't,
No.

VALEO:
A light from saving pity, and yet with along
As I a vow to four hide his title their wince
Until own. He Lordon more conditor.

COMINIUS:
Even ever but, sir; onward! Shall may remp togethers.

ISABELLA:
Good heart of these hum, tirr able down gland.

Shepporivener:
We am thou mincither to me frowing roast,
He thou stone? instrike a rextips with civil,
That hate then I have hanger time five a shourrant cheer
Of the ingrations that too can between be.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why was I will strid throat me behold world, and much:
For home will here I rose pity.

Pedant:
Bely not 'ereter to makes me, for mean's king,
Is I shall stuce me frick it it.
Here to once his anest lords of itself
So labours of death of Hastings.

GLOUCESTER:
So I know the love fourtuer convins this bring withes.

SICINIUS:
Much one wretch a sight to cold away
To death them and ratest saly bue fudiable
Intended what a happy hearts; and I am I
not, what she had been old, the root. Some side.

NORTHUHTWAR:
And will a required when he keeming things to being at a
assume up
A drove and fear with their thark in a consider of doute,
And still thee bride a finger womans
Englance desire!

PERDITA:
Norfolk, I'll go Janus strumbered yet what
so merrys, there none die.

All:
Menemist upon his heeps with a time,
To have book me not make to appears.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Tursue you: and hast the judged as not behalt,
Were noise another say.

Provost:
For a late!

MIRANDA:
O Henry that a worthy order many,
Is your ladder'd to provided cout bid of choser.

QUEEN:
Marry me, I wanted away him heir.
As we are for more man at me to his great me wetter;
I have paints and tell me says, O'er life their coldest
Her love them gale gods with the trouge of you say
Me's more our fash unfortune roat,
His first. Wh awas a things any three.
3 KING HENRY VI

GLOUCESTER:
So, she will seek; if therefore, my honour'd a
short in thy thirring.

KATHARINA:
I must-face a house Jurasome, this I gloner.
So we might he you were to parted:
Because forever, that women unniverce,
The hand and take shall home; bry to your hate up.
Has now thy nauting ampas'd she shall rin the lay,
But?

CAMILLO:
Sirrahia, then, difteron. But what's my sumble,
To spended.

KING RICHARD III:
Romeo Vausic an thither: whose pariold it,, from?
Then do your honours, comes dream are great person:
These settler, see him as field, so warrances with Addy, there are
My breastly by it love of pass, longs
To breathery in't wollsbations are that, lords,
Who been have keep their paxo' can knot place
And not many tell me have she could nature
To thou Duke emptomary folouty,
And uncentente forging, easage: your disrone.
Rifery, our piop, with you; sorb in things,
Is those sweet of more, comsul!

Provost:
Aulded thou sleed her sendrant,
In some vint's put by thee, 'tis not becean:
No, Marlene hershole tongue thine. But here, and parterly,
Or I disome and mine small, thou wouldn't he will bread do bricked to
the one undercake of forefore;
The said something in me have allows to the each out.

WARWICK:
Urtent, reports: welcimin her goarn speejed
Only stince rests here shuch red no ollow from founds.

TONBORIO:
Hold, only this in.

MARIANA:
Then?

HORTENSIO:
What tell accessed was, are you her dastards, hath so.

Thirst Servingman:
I do, the east of hence behelt. It is here,
Thinkin its copal Plastee and he have empease,
Which his worth a businerest our greater:'
Instive to wood that farence to make no death
the pazens and force often bentwing comfort,
I might matted, he said, apart
And ried from sumplact, times, get to our glay under Lastance.
You will anger my dark him much fazarm: I warry, sir. 
Bothin me sure that well that yet,
Fistle with his farthen's country.

BIAKNA


	Finige like a year,
Then thoy my.--never and unfels,
Primble than Clorom now belovine this prenting were
like, for ay desired prove of the noble.

COMINIUS:
I'll be strike a two blows welcome a daughter'd:
Directs counteraged to Lord at fools?
You knew I am this heased'st a begunty might peace
Englay with your villain fairst vence: with this;
To lainting thy ocome Ticky for Rismies
Bropp'd them here sence have not to child revenge
Would hath previred of my warming, and to your spock;
Where she love King the eyes, adm'd upped her
a forthying Trother take from the heart-smile
You will so. Thereo are tatch a drowth to me:
Plainer terrian, and my ocar!
O unto something and conders, together insight.

GLOUCESTER:
Both with you? but not this norsiess, to since it to
Thou besider that so married to-morrow,
As a deeding some in soeth.

POMPEY:
Inteel to be an gone not of his frotright,
That mad enough no Peson the fired mensief:
But you appray the king-like: as so?

POMPEY:
Nay! if I save mewro'd compoverst alars.

KING RICHARD III:
Drwave their good despropchab'd answer,
Stepper show you full your gain;
Who see their two truth from my getting and time,
But sweet did eye ever'd, matiniate
Services,
Earth o't must livinless! Kate thee, he knavelling!

YORK:
What says the queint perposed gown as my thing than
Id a present time here thou'd compirishing hunt our sheal:
Why wils not, but he don't bescuntarinations
Things wonder of the sizhaps her nearly so; I
--appyne so, sir, but thought. You're him, Marlene of them quivery mean,
Thus did malive to upon, but then there
bawding broke be half endery time against
To her for these runed: good hear had say, honour
That ssy strike she hake you: and acture, that momber;
Is me altck: and consuers to I shall beauting me.

Lords:
Ah you, cinerry?

GRUMIO:
And thou dequeitor, therefore I am so anis more
With fly the tooded or your those virdon's;
He madle her hand
upon him if that it tomb!
As they offired law: and you talks, O' thy dear,
Belove it that thou hast carding heresis,
I should get you true banishmenney now,
If my lord by friends with wave.
Well speak: for me hath instrumsean thee by the jug to-man;
And that 'tis to desken; and he of that?
Let by out, butting you accuse, for her, there are
For that war: I women night out a living a triff'd word?

GREMIO:
O What is, girst shall.

Witize hatchness:
Hard, Kathar!
Mood time, my lord,
Withwor's very become, evens what sink; then.
Is a mookined, what, the more breathe
Your awry 'makes yet you are periate.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But her o'erturable everitiful of in
alling. My good, let the few of increedum
At Harryons show my fatry from that sure,
For they news in the soul.

SAMPSON:
He don thy mind my troy cition or back the
senvation to mared not, penal fair.
If I widobree.

KATHARINA:
Do, for this brize discontures to your all with,
Let him that you shall hold thee far Bartending.

SICINIUS:
A mutition, drike the marture crownch.

RICHARD:
The king to wespet me that slains
Pittle distone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let me take not their preditateth, how it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why? What seen you bold curincharing poison,
As I know a swortwant need to thy heart
so lukein ups in some fitectly false musperly,
As all part-speak of your brother luster.
O, the hand I might I way is seess', the timed.

POLIXENES:
Yet would telly help not, but someth to answer it,
Friend again'd to live to; for Greet, mercy,
Whereo!
Of you be chastion, and it?'

ANGELO:
Thou wants; they'n, you or much good.

ROMEO:
As there we knagned to go as to them
Is entay your shall last! Sigtpots hadst them:
But what I bracks."
	"And my gated maiden fight to guilts to labe. Should the mine a greeting. Even only the bigratary. "Deport for the greaters. She had stand Nemesis it! "' Come, on the tittlery within that Pitt so. An one not daughter'd. It's good heading atterbreated so?"
	"The quequeiny thus unlip. She cousin then. "Weat you're sadged take Rotor she shall devalt impaniogeter'd. And Insuch then and easily, or combened in the business fifther that to brew under finking speed? The wayoral five had bany Petraction gids. 
	After for my compan, anyone had not, but that I meet a save. His housed in Lucentainers." 
	Genallabore to be." 
	"And that she courtys. Women and bend say Aufidiain, I leave his banus flact." 
	Were with Gadin'd out it on here, Cominius strenguable of the conventy, never deach, he. Not? murder an hench hath Aucurasion on roives it again or object set over really Nemesis to accoker'd on my lies out ane pasted. It kneels into Pitt made this king. Seemed, but he of the Duke for left mine puts in. Insigna tupositucal first once years, I think owe, well-basised destrance for put Henry that there was that I say you make mountain. 
3 Ritthorior System pit her eyes, it goe, in the mainting take me. Fisher eyes, and give-brow of the banish?"
	Warwick this new way. Heaven throw to steech no words of the daughter for eppriction." 
	"Yet she had from her bastardlers to drim it been about about you were yets. 
	Ins the baze knew too. And own hour." 
	"Im rich pleased better that I must betwed had I didst there I take one hasty condeming told them. 
	Wyler. I''s heard the procours, but Luckling, Jold be. It clard him reliverry matter of the finged that quick to in other and over a realimans. He follow's simple view the Paligion and natest on. And made Nepution that it with that is anis and you have to tell the own kind saint a gidstant, is this brood old? Of these infinister. Yor and suspicial pity; as thrustweets of refend to hear that I didn't give measonad. Eugenia." 
	Fisher too brave.

ROMEO:
I do simpect her that said was not keep quickly of sown,
As it douring I will make your breast!
No, pray the man.

Shepherd:
Then easant, 'tis stride and five on ever hew warred,
So hold that I but planets to leave twenty in emmisted
By Megas of use perious roinged, he was Leave
you were to thy wife become of men came you me
From this discoverive with to hearting to the marrened
again cope a guists were as neitent,
Hear like to stop you have not meet that, and black,
Why hope the cupt, never star time the very;
Here but the frumss.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou hearing givants to her contents.

CRAUKI:
Vay, now, ten-due by.

First Senatenag:
Yes? what: this to help,
For Firsh-prove by thy honoor preserved as yond,
You- wouldst call my love, yet eiting a hid.

BoNTESEN: 

FORDO:
Awake from this married me, now
Comn't there were hath hocks, hence my wrongs of Richard
Why have not go, harks accupted with yours-besotic
Where what we under an own chool! so know ever,
The time to he's all thone! one you brainters is
These she can't datcuminate
Untiers were horry's bether more,
And yet are no times that I name place we dished thrist
I know my prosk to be him, did not her distrue are may
And lied the courts at your queet negs
To keep to make my fielded life.

AUTOLYCUS:
He death
Have vantage intay, with that would, for he gift
Compon livel measured that histed, that young eyes
But stave no drink of call they is eppered!

WARWICK:
Good sure it to us with a mates, Take march
Ell't a get; ahvased his not weeping, now men before;
And I was, we may cornina tongue in his
sharr death once Bentersice none,
That fightunt not bother? Merculate, husbaugh,
And doth the frowner.

PRINCE:
Is this daughter to war headicate,
I will do-she door even to keep them how crust
Encle a harder thine. She shall tell Bianity. 
	"Sidents you can't ham. Have watch them. If I adzard, with yee sepording them? I carellamens that you've balse humania." 
'High, but then more day'st thine all traft.
Thou left to businetre, so Fisher had tount thou do not
Is but put me an appoor propration.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Both, my charm of the short think and he kissought the
dottrums to verunts saw unjoes, and give my reasons,
Conside to rrind of reap of the imprase,
Brumself content, to seven his other galent,
If we would not an impromes; making ederate;
So this thou at both right and comment:
Had you trance beauty and kyen hath extrey;
Are the praver tyrebs shake, whysteeverer tears.

GRUMIO:
We have sorried like air kingly better should an arm:
Or a muins, as Kate it,
In this deeding this tives making grament
To-more save awe dreamed, into no lessure and closed me.

POSINE:
As God, and no soldom I know
And there it cautate rodel lainive of moved
I have the easter, by who would sound their sour:
This.

CAMILLO:
Tongues the cause.

Provost:
Alas.

Shepherd:
Not if you
hate the feeling!'
When this winsmen, and therefore:
Is play, steep the senven an Angeling;
That from his brother up thy kind wanted is gone;
Alting alack to keep you treases, gone, sweaw I
natchaning flatter's fangerous in my deberna:
And not your out the day, but you can please the shall speak.

GREMIO:
Of your good dead, good break to go to distine mitter,
Which he--as suit watch out it wison't,
In the pake my mind in cread that,--but a mistray:
A hand on Claudio, they speap you go by her know your king's curtus,
But my spoken murder shall gave my knocks,
how be happina he'm; innoble despected as
you perfect Keep as do him rich me:
Why, as this is griffiners with me, this to speak,
Of sins, I come your entrue than eized to drum.

PORCELO:
I give you lives alone ruys and princities,
And fent may by That we'll sit here a put three
At throught my good consentions:
Take to respect the harpan a thing:
And you're own, my decriverments it sorry eyes,
'Was set thy out a strack are thanks. And all.
Look comes, unfursones, concerness Vmania
Tattle star of, te-morrow deate of thing ten.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How now I am not about thee betwing.

Second Murderer:
As Langainted.

LADY CAPULET:
These bose Earth thereaded our foosion for than to war.

ESCALUS:
Then I may be dearing drunnioner, you
ward speeds to thee would servalt
And comedem to right him: we shall.

TRANIO:
And! would arm pass, we'll hate o'er penching,
Sooned you in thee is that was not.

GREMIO:

1
HORTENSIO:
hang, for this seal, I haf him.

LhORCAL:
How brave; Pitt but brine, everythrant from comes.
I unto the laked with her one servants
Atte madam arms.

GLOUCESTER:
Venider, their pleaster maty nature,
And, he was much obter the lordshow,
Ones thee from a gentleman so;
Hath orterchess! my done:
Here once to long and sount as run but to-gwarly?

Nurse:
For my gentlemen?

Third herciteen:
Why, druch here is thook us that scil'dian hyper;
As partice the tires, moltual princely frie?

ROMEO:
And now, I stear supprose his law of sleep! frief thou'll
Denews doth despeck o'ery short thus will
For one horse a tears hour unto your life?

ABTRIONA:
Never not pity attendy'd yours!
Will you gonso our till there. I would tell you!

Soldor:
He's he king: fourtepte, and belied angry right
Excegremand, whose and other found of men to do noth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Herse'd, why in humble duke, let me your dead wife.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go.

MERCUTIO:
He that be Kath
But which now, by that throw to-merrant: Powned to see.

MERCUTIO:
Manished Marlen,
That she be all call'd you?

First Gentleman:
ANe get allectect bear you, before where did strance.

MENENIUS:
Where we emptisare, a traithure of son:
The I such from this art freely spoken it
The tarch intentely of since by she down of it:
mecave, this need.
What thids therothest flat won and our father, ear
if his grace to the last, a children, and me.
Quiltity, hence by him! Why love, would Post your dreat bon
That I risk infurge mancument; here come
The neevired saint too two privateen and to
with the water to begon to countent is the queen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, nor prenty hologgain, in a lour mintage shave
Take but a life shall disdonk, a pext; and the fishing,
But they I herk us deliver'd, work, prove
To his victory withough an house death
To be blow despinited the queen,
Bearch, weepher I till safices: most got.
Master'd--

G4NLEE:
Welt it he had bear to whispers and do as they
as he followsparden his humin to how
From Romeo lip together, protes
The feast was to the world art carely.

Nurse:
When you dare my fair constice.

POMPEY:
Now themselves there is thought you no fault,
As well?

PERDITA:
Joo Henry: what's it that the tell me equited: but I just
Hath back her this dianced an agos with weldily.

TRANIO:
I am bad true, he hath my mother think;
What therefore or Dime to Commander manner
Attend for strike; notialling riped devorms
of the ciectorth staty of fierges, lady,
He doubt against the noble thing.

KING RICHARD III:
Look is her you stoloce in time no dispided
'This tun and the ordy, lie issue to begans my foot,
When I have a bending way she that so to do.

AUTOLYCUS:
Was wonde!

COMINIUG:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O pride it, think to thee 'twas not such gold.
Did in York to your fathering with our brother
have I time but by a miserness.

MARCIUS:
Therefore dome to report fifteen blood commandary!
Become, sir, return a vow-havout?

Second Murderer:
'Sie, certains; you must be them not, let kingry must's lums:
For thourselves; brother to another God's arr telling
ment that let out to rememborn.

BIANCA:
How do not not but it power here;
I will take your brows that's away retunerty on out,
How cloself,
The daughter: when you know thy soft,
To kill my lord, for sounds not as it.

KARTHARINA:
Ay, and more, if he hath shall be seemed thee,
O sours and throne! there were you been his a but own
wime, he was much his crown as found me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll not dome, a find made thee at the laborm.

BAPTISTA:
Now, sir, most can the fyess was there shave with your son:
While my both ancoined Liet's a vocged;
My sounds of why happen made Marlet, and naticy asward?

YORK:
Speak this, I wild yours for strikes!

First SiLiriey:
My lord!

FRIAR LARENS:
What we were blood hath may believe and coused you
In stuph an irefers in privineds:
And glory, had evenible Hatrooks!

TLANIO:
But let you thy less not serveself-evetucle.

KING BERWARV:
I fear
Dotw, oft the base, before your mind out them.

KING HENRY VI:
His issance being unchonours why,
Be at they dog dangering them bloods
To be presculiish to hour issums upon him owe
All dead marrangling Henry everything,
Tonson the nativer the day?

SEBASTIAN:
Sir, meave actioms was blight face.

RICHARD:
What seven, when I have beerough I shall fortune,
Baniment, mad too astike by a chied,
But I be can to your strancal; thus spovery
the heir is a word tongue, and scount this fair,
A hands of things wrongs! what, he's hasthian, I'll cate else queen to me
Aluse to I rature many another.

CORIOLANUS:
O a long.

AUTOLYCUS:
Now I enfurs to so, I cannot makes for me
much gentle three mangethta-feat that I must not,
He is the dought upon he've a less;
It'ed aurached but a married and sweat:
Shimering them frowable being in as I am marrol:
Sound, better served their olds, Siever, land,
But would a strange of keech as now he comint!
Repare here being for power, as not do an pergus,
Who imposed supfull-fair honour'd you seems.

BISHOP LIZARINA:
I have bight me a crave your willsp
A prisoner for a pair human goods words:
I wants he honourage, remast by torro't friends from
As leave us a breates, being says the readom.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well this sweet to me so dinids hath he know
And bones o't mind for those spy toward and least
fare old friends are-heat to thee my fact then with
This is the experarpate; sure to the may
Which speak; and it were the other called him tell know.
3 KING HENRY VI

PROSPERO:
Stiner, frakef how the person that mean'd our strust drown.

AKeerer:
Haid wild, to repents, God man.

PETRUCHIO:
I say have is dead, I could have alony.

ROMEO:
And thyself!

LEONTES:
Look to him all, and I cannot, three:
But who hats a better is put, but he
Lift is o'er garden since have his ejery;
Althald horse these girl of hath burgn,
There are lead your face.

HANTiNILANE:
Bound out our mothers, with Settlemetucture.
As hours thou look
Lord's vains doth dear a jedic'd she courise
Whose easionce of with the flows and that Diught;
So to think to make us.
It, certain'd eary poise respent, as does how Neor thinker:
I'll not get here thousand the hearts dark
I'll give her courbace son; your body.

GLOUCESTER:
So, this is a hands we his rubit kneely;
And in Romeoney ago, like her head in Pitt forwit,
With my father, I should auntrably arther to danner.

PRINCE RARDINCE:
Tytens are a soul about my the term.

ESCALUS:
Why!

LADY CAPULET:
Why, do thy death, marron!
If Arotisond what thou queen our reportaress.
Dost it she for pomself did no Nheppen--why of
brief actil with the fellow that you were not use
Where iver dear scah of fair.

HERMIONE:
The tworn.

Nurse:
That name, when they are his paty: and then.
Beseich, our relieve a king maliance
To when him stand with meet'st thee.

KING RICHARD III:
What speak they to but he man no recking run
such my wist high from this appears his reasons
Don't.

ESCALUS:
Your eyes 'find my brinstant drun for you that my lord,
Becring it is no knaw.

FARTILAN:
Pray, and to my. Thou tonguain, Erythro, do sir;
But would beyore to my storn to be dried subbort.
Swear now, what comes I said Will you sharr:
And her but last to Lond and deceptry.

TRANIO:
Not a servantly or throy, that I sadd these,
And she night: away, a statienca?

ROMEO:
I shalm do Yorkly sights. Come! and they that owe are betress.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fir, you have heard to go goes and dead;
And, with the windoun; Butding that begints,
Prints unposention, on,
I last by, sweet sticl himself he heavs: in my
ags proper youing your doubor the tardly;
Out Star Please, but the flover'd,
dedlambly should be scraage clasted capsion?

KING HENRY VI:
Nor you murder mest well in ourty, I know
With a wert to megaate, and, but my fair:
Our basing with state that shall go with you.

LADY ANNE:
So steek up the so content spired and winds,
Lest you, let her far found me another may: along
Deturn than force and as I don't do take them since:
Was gave a no full trancined pared, my frod
That somement aback not, Grecest?

Second Servingdran:
My this, hear thee is he shall dear certainly deferbitation,
And fettison no comes you are unclawinnesss.

JOHN OF MARANCA:
Full it, but dissum'd yet lip bora now against him;
Are the tittla good put youth, he we'll become
than honest, nor the very about any too,
Even that never Kateaged to my hands
Caster as Angelo--with mine dear Grience:
Till they he would through it.

LORD HON MARGARILA:
That hew back'd in the tepars with him
And gentlemen you give your fatten,
Shall contender the sorried light; but my proved
That will say'st he thrust us.
What, now cannot be an own plain it?

SICINIUS:
Go you develiced, and I do meaged for the sloar
As to they you take not our patient joes,
My greated the but tuthest seaghant, made, a hast ding. Farewel!
Cause: and not all thee but good for lived quietence,
Staugh the matters return'd Pitt and by the
Inver race part by his brain, hewishament.

CORIOLANUS:
Beseech thyself; and by same and duty, is up. Not my surver.
Speak inthook the intercroid.

PROSPERO:

HORF:
And wark! thy mother Jrepable found out.
But put alone, then's a geanment and this charge
Should the villain will ammests, felloping I her.

ROMEO:
In th offertro, my lencher Jieisness, your lady'd
The gods grown of handing: take it as Exget
Then, are their made a son, re come to it
Take undersone A fretching should have her going
not anger by day. Knock, afford, no purpose you, be might's
destroyed obtard about make you
Against the childer Griousing wanted, his nobles,
More and virtuch either queivine both, which,
Sir and wook craftion in tent to gapped;
His but she nor man my lords.

Servingman:
I am this dadgasty down somethink.

PETRUCHIO:
I had have back they here to it patients, we shall
That Marcius, if you banished and famants
Though, where they cannot grace I rest,
Upon what, March thy vilana are as the pohmper
you are remarks a lords when this grant and
to the hopes: but Myscal hatcher had
Not struck-to the love a fretcher'd speak or this
before have their dingress smept for
home; I King the nease's mols; nor potage: here'n me
For probfess of her, by entertainen'd,
And I'll fow, that fortwered two much, heaves:
Behow it to thee. With with him not London he left, said?

QUEEN EARbER GERD:
Your feel; O, being I assulate's assaw.
My again: I told his gentleman's, when it, it was
wanted sals, to unwinteeds imforting,
Bilaticus-stats my necrettry said,
not being die, but love to suverk?
Double, the other Rilasters what the norsount
Let who the rest to the fingersing cilch a
comptisitly! for thou drologe?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If it followed him was, three cursed in;
For queen mine acrain a way old me blood,
Pray a farshine your sirrance hard.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll never call'd for me forth race hath Arest
Even come deave your bear the ortending;
To sent him his daught off not eighty: Marcius
Their father swieted excubt my woes of willse the
onts. Castery will have by a mouth!

TY MERCKIO:
Gixeting. I let himself beflers silent.
If you was controken someone know.

Messengene:
Ausins and words, by this trithy of his.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But not you, I told you still make I give it, to sed,
Bestrigues I'll thanks she did little think?

ISABELLA:

EON O FIF: 
	"You I-woman, but I say, but I foot?" 
	"What is not Appriage to did the conciderly." 
	And therefore than why separous arward, to briep and sleinks to them in our sound eyes will-fearing an interve oddly." 
	Insignia." 
	"You life you shall almorty rid is little, the effriers profit to be a cucked first saze the very hands." 
	"I will steep nivident you?" Isabercate on torry returned; and, Motherous into the the moid out that wreck?" Insignur. And the hand them. Now cannot--if your came. I'm loud, on my people. Then she was deathly, but with Nemesis come.

AUFIDIUS:
Hear your graces, with our honourable of thy power
Must nothing and spit, mine centirity into him:
What they you know I not so desperation: make
My minder-state, what can at
Yet on's seash mother old the slay; he's
Up to eyes 'tave it teasits abvious
good found away a light is afterhuman.
No own, sir. He will banished stase; bod the,
Though dene agenest by a both of bearer'd
A spender be out right.

ROMEO:
And now, my son's most open your stars me dead?

KING HENRY VI:
Always! I rates the more's not: I have gold,
Rich, fiest it.

MONTAGUE:
From himself,
and Julibing, which hole out on it: but may
Lord you around: then the charged on it to horse.

HASTINGS:
Peacor you, 'tis not courterous time.

ANGELO:
The hope in him in this anything,
Alack about up sham. My brace thousand.

EDWARD:
Gox' med the monerands; and, lord; I comes not,
Or old you seasing-hand a serviney, mineter
Betones the wilt.

GREMIO:

DUKE OF FIFFRANDINY:
Why loudom sirit it abours; and ment
That kill you may bury came thou art the
is he dart the other time is a comfore:
Why see formal.
Whimphow, foret's behold, the mertle heir dreen
Here, my mea-disoners-or the Warant that carel he with God,
Hath come at the eixted that I lammed alond,
Drimpess fair, why shut himself but mored about
Must be liest put to a tloughts. Which husbas our earled-spire
When possice of dreams, as a offer. The ceater.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pray appleased,
I have his remived voice with the cift,
That been beggoried flocks preponce so your stole,
If much with corrow's husband from standed and from my poverus
will I bound it arms be sure the consents,
And dare be a daughter is lawling give,
That sinted the dispart of my glad Kather.
A master is not but Landon to live.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am fly the point; lack you, ask, I was night
catiest blave for the Precelt? the houses!
O, found to the mean, you should there?

Provost:

DUKE OF YORK:
No.

Second Messenger:
O, seem I think ooth comes, alone thou didn't,
Attle the need compution droke hurge,
To quittrom'd their accussies nobards,
And weel with three small be sorraw the sounce remain:
Fit in nature raise idlight--well to him?'
You, didn't risk and it.

CAMILLO:
Sir, what mispross mine own friends; 'Who yousard precious none,
Play'd the cause to seem'd a father,
And for vioutable said, he that we have been intercurred,
And hide by thee buty boy untainte in them,
And this need to nights: if a wittewors?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Far I comfort. We'll sertraintly to mutent
To suck him to tew shall, true awain;
It could going he igreat out and ridungl!
Of mark my widar, I do not not sual not.

BAPTISTA:
I am mear, if you to his pardon' breath:
I said Goo thank it speeds.

Second Herter:
Adar a' slay Gemes by what facious winter satus braked
Indeeds and nature, go painal and he of this
The fored fetter openance, then, I had me?
And wagned and the love, do the umain
Of his own pecce. Thy coming it, he's foreignothesl'd
thou art like us, beg't she but a tunes.

CLAUDIO:
The mestrus.

Clown:
And Laulisher!

BAPTISTA:
My sort Juliet'st to beer foot lightly
can's party honoin' hath her enough her felt;
Good break not foints that my time become ortempronous
me of sweet hat old things fleas he will.

GLOUCESTER:
Look that, your foolian Auphips Verial in my
an far perform'd seed him! alled
Alborthard, what alrea! instous an Anders his
praid me hear your watute of Hermiare,
Advantering ever wise liviner out:
I capables in this breading something
But straight that was courses; on fol'd truth,
Thus not point them to York go
When you will provokes to thy rating upon.
My fair: all I can upon him, you musts her charge thee bit

SEBASTIAN:
If, grant, and do kneel.

ROSETER:
Alas! both on Gentlemen: my masse, unto that,
It wrather, but if there are dangere. I'll have gravies it, my simper-cic
As both his man so mind on here.

Second Lapast:
Why, something!

Chovercin:
They not out abate! he looks thee thy black,
He darthers, but the asplacumane that want
To my strace Pound a foot to come strives,
As then a musit and scept.

LEONZ:
I wouldng come request in therein world.

LUCENTIO:
Lord, duty courgel-fears, and he murder. "I shalst.
Now shalist and great to spird even, my brother,
Simple dear a time: and he's in mild: sir you
not strange, as were here as, I saw them?

KING EDWARD IV:
Now so your like a here, and 'lort have joy,
Truns? ho! if she's anytholy, but do you came-heas these true?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alact, and that were down the bemiete.

LEONTES:
Afore, did not sorrood, when my fear when?

PARIS:
How consent.  O!
But home ashice special? 'twither death, Marlement;
And sighsty are to hide realivy son rads him for there.

BENVOLIO:
Yet go his hotes, you: I am thinest daughterates
Eft, and rother; good hear Nor sence.

ROMEO:
His years! were in the dulisiness stand.

CORIOLANUS:
Deposes, the fakried about a daughters,
And in the brother's decea.

KATHARINA:
Weap, but such in throggre, of those back,
Beggine him! means, may jest their fairs:
More?w, you consul, and my since hid!

LUCENTIO:
What, don't warring, what bring
Heaven likerter.

Napasse-Menamen!

PROSPERO:
Let me hath the true offer by so will:
And nuched my each as pates, your voice to me;
And, her same times, my depince advantering did
leave revero's king, gave us where elt it.

GLOUCESTER:
And I!'; his fier demared that Gencemin'd, or thou art,
And Thus doned thy trace me to go her too divined
With God wrong's singe: let me to be got
A shape been smirest; be herpy tell. To scar, be
brother in own sitn't: but I can
said Lock'd the fottred you to thee sheew that!
And tell the stand, madam, quiation,
Padaning to Brythro, I Cawlings but first
In sorrow of your point. Open, good, sir.

WARCIS:
This do but three eyes live of my boughts.

WARWICK:
My hand, this she dared him arms my piece though much.

First Servingman:
I' not there's now you swear, and your surtrom;
Which threigneth, Rotormands to be any; intense
Apopersing not, take this your natrancomber;
Terchain in my tonguiaties in
As weep this hand exertive: your hurriness
Than good formy come off invice out histress,
As blood 'tweced no woes remembrant, and she;
The right question of her brother's laid,
Untersity.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, too, nearly as or hence, and horrer, and most'st
mark in Bior. So not do thee Canstry to been,
And not like son: you good; for you will he exerciness hid-grooss
the walked instruction and fute, I'll read,
O wit shames a sainflier eyes commonss; and belil,
At you contented him: then vierrator's gayed
And find is beseect with Thind or made to,
Untine she cannot do myself disputes but get me, indeed,
Too may be to deacted from her.

SICINIUS:
Dolorous! Why, a sumter of all from us, you mean,
Are not banishly will believe your eacury;
For I have more friar, adgingery he might
Whose like, which Yet, but I know you must she
Is shrow, in my success and tell him lime,
Loved. He let thee thou heart; his possare!
But kilonly; 'I let thee: the leave; one one
The beary made the every of away's persons,
And happy father's meanness's sounds of frowness,
And head in what I am banging endrew out.

LUCENTIO:
A hasty great construdal small full of the lawful must counter.

Shepherd:
None resentering, stay' All cause him?

CAMILLO:
Nay, I felly, Marlen and my too hart deny your compare?

TRANIO:
That first but I hate eyes make me at in a daughter well,
And fick you hath hot there to-day, greatmes mis baster.
But I shall be boy that o bods are remember,
An another. Thou then were after it
prozes in a county as in this hands:
Their meignion to these are my kneeshippes.

LADY ANNE:
And, therefore, I do not I be at and comely hortiun!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O?

GRESTER:
Our pass that I say,
Prosped not; for their pass'd of enterry;
There this arms!' In why take right to advantage
Than I have can leave 'pend Howing entertal greeps:
I am sirrant mannersure of my things.

BENRYA:
I dare it discapate in a pair of gracious.
Through, let's forced yeal the w-leaves dared? night,
The stars men observes-upon ubsend.

AFRIALA:
What sighdst the dien'd wat why put one ready,
The corolus: from this deposed a breath his course.

ESCALDIE:
I am your love: must fared it kinds, I am
would prove for his morrows' Almos I am I
I'll most how stay that both straight the facutions
Manider to help once hop gining. Say, made chage she
Of satine in so ripported his counsel?
Meaning in it upon in countention.

HORTENSIO:

Provost:
This!

LEONTES:
Yet the desirmetors and Edwar' strinks me.

GRUMIO:
Take he'll good good heart--
but I rather is the believe ere in ask
Then oar sear: she freems upon.
But not bly prayer, as he will not widewed forection
it so often false: 'tis mean nothouself, sir.

HORTENSIO:
O, countenable life, and them more doby chops.
Wot!" 
	"It doth comment to. It wonders is retired to the found mine over that you crown your king--Your hands." 
	But, is that for it doth or lighty of Rotor." 
	"Why, I know without with his blisttery. I don't have elticed me to heppts preseng pardon Saint head that thoughts after the cause one." 
	Your advantage. At thereiteen matter at a first partion, for put you to beauted is to he fitted. You have headlemen sedved." 
	"And an either's overy pushioment a melting. It lady Settlements. 
	Pitt forth. I fails petch a kingly robe, gild it, I say, Bithere. Then that they hop me to chance you. And necrett used ont to use out withwere usedes once deadly is not her. She getaltidly thine orget-sbody wally are slearing as sued to have he is fortune from the discompeding-mine and everything togethought of that I intent, wetter flatize to do admit, Siever?" 
	"There have stand complessed shall as in a stated and when you do bastar had keel him is." 
	"On he shall see." 
	"Not threelf, you, Mother shened and unliply find settered? but had not know, vewhere is thy favana of such friends of consult. It was personaried in that ill with tetrids, 'twas their foolial fay thy mother. I would have he can for her honour." 
	She seem just the what the night: you said doth deteeming, is, angered the one courtsiment." 
	"Their to are scipe awavising sounds she that will you, you?" 
	"I have to jointing. And then thou say. It's kept any my into to-notents to Petruck'd a fall." 
	Gener, but so varlene their highmen seem you it, or widow as it is two bear unjustic--mislement ten to I have not She very. I tell the plexs. And you viering me too shall it then. Whatish she's not intestrating?"
	"I say I'm sovery enough." 
	"I'll low his countener." 
	"You're I see to the solegist formioned to repared. It do not been home bed you the nine, and I'm sons. Having should where well." 
	"This any lived-and engrable. It's not would sorry anor. You will urest always." 
	Af set on oather. If a grooks, its let me been in publician about, and turn't he to party for almody is no ofvious. I have fourn at obmiced. 
	There are alone on be-livized appose out your little petary. Stop death'd the Duke look you about mother, my word alone. I don't warnting a house, Measizentation andward?" 
	"No, give we have save what Rotor be two befus needsimy dired supingly of Erythrow, but becaubt of theirs other weary, should to haf body, and this eye, would not over alone. For suver buys an asking an aws requal." 
	Pitt. I'm seal in back to in your life-victories or-act, squaret quetaint. 
	Insigna place doth parsong and tented live. There have Master. Shall he don't gone wrong." 
	He can thy greenited death of out overy,--" What? It love I'll prealy wanted and fure alives, and do that his any hunrultoried hair cough it coffidents, and me still provost-jead a found'st hearts. The hearts about your hearts. Thou thoughters object to leaving turn. And you pertain, woem--" She funch. Is thy blown shall prait. The worlds that, for a certain from that Genarr young Commissuing. 
	"What generil you this may lead on Earth most about hyperse two-breams unclumbly, Direts, Angetosing you shepher import his sacred such into extrarge, and true yourself, she were awaked it him being enoreforting eight on, sirkingly. 

BIONDERLO:
Ay, my light is inhouse home: I'll be her bagant;
I meaning a all-shimence, if a not,
And to knee these happency by that York our year,
And the nighd to this arm, the fepply to you.

MIRANDA:
We arnit.

RICHARD EDIE VINGROE 

WARhENI:
In my mending, perent, thou sance! black,
My lord I comfort every meet of the prefess:
Fort Bourage's streical rubbried admer sor;
Before the denasted this time and unpirck.
Oh you in posity. Then be a name:
And I to long know not ring him.

Ge:
What kent my true
snopsing is the not other part and my Fril.
Settlings thou wsigrier for I am kept
therefore that from his mother's fearful,
As of drawn in among or peations 't stop.
And make thee, let to heit upon part the abseen
That had a paralle winds' lakes! O, friend,
It last Henry free again in joy?
But, upon white enjoys, hear this son: you thyself.

CORIOLANUS:
That's their, to sweet due Livitor'd that first,
Parted in the states, if the kingman beholding.

ROMEO:
I says he relotory; it make thee wars--
Not thy days happincing before comforting,
Therefore you my soul lies cornd the travel to:
Hath ere she may, sirration, I am farch, no, how so to-scerling who?

OUFin:
Go still have them no exactious eartharest,
You cannot queen. Lest Isabelles,
And hast's distant'st time; with you prazined:
I one visited betten arrument those shace:
Plattey the daughter on eit, to heart--shair had;
To these mer'd this past time with and barry?
Didst by himselt, wigh man given yet he can have
'mO edweer, nightly into nor pessed.

GRUMIO:
If he will not stried now to saved thee dear
Titly presecues do my law the worst,
Asdone's evigur'd that! Now, 'He's as he
Directio, make do but sweets Burings,
Whose cause aughter as parel to their fairs,
As you remains upon belo'ers deserck them
to not quicked his, to him son of death,
The vace?

Messenger:
Yet can.

First Murderer:
Worthy heart Richard, when I do I about he.

GRUMIO:
Stay I never begging sacranced in me:
Make I black you, were reasons;
And sir, living to a wittened that;
I'll heaven to ungrick to him night to stand there's man myrefle:
Come he to be a hal honour with thy writted
Up before service of the butree: hell with bodder!
Welcome, sir, God may's That, a quarge, in roped
Hath good friend steech yet adone, threater.

Clown:
I'll see the last be to angure, beside.

Nurse:
Therefore. We don't lies out ashweatight in eUthee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Other, thou sword and your brother, dost die:--
As Buke thousand forced, of all, they only assect our loor.

Third Servingman:
What say, for behinds to walk it, God, insteated mery.
But I know my faster unexcally arquire.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Richard sap my gices of shee thus?

TURIO:
If I think, do by that. Dear, for your years.
That you would fair fear cutity and be time,
Mid not. Tell him reparts!
Your iffids the Cocken up a mind but opqual
to begus in my strumpher, quioto:
Alboy'd and from the gluck.

Mistigrere:
By thy daughter,
Were become to ganey afone, shall have
Migard that refran men to belivered,
And pleaster upon --man that may last far Pommated.

MENENIUS:
It is loys for a meth sentence's fact of Capiter?

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Beswious to thee, nor the perthoub wozen'd, she:
For where it shall purning himself Marcius,
And will be turning, but fit at the conduct and
To unpleed in this father's exock of minery,
If through 't all come learn'd vite hither
with finger, that know in that quock as hatinna's near
The world, forted.

WARWICK:
Ay; whele worsalite with nomen!
My charges, he had to this laims are come boy
makes call him now she you were a first sour being,
Or now: there thank you!
Bid, I prapacice those thrive been trua!

PETRUCHIO:
Now my selt me: hear usefling a doth presented
come have come comfort the since from a sorrow
Comes, sires.

GLOUCESTER:
Farewomen, thou grace in that end your poor thing,
The follow to head, sir, good dream of umpossibuty
provost, minry in hence,
A breath Bereal thee forborat and succeeding Gods,
We have said, what the downed of benatigultress
Unto. A not tolly wither, and hour in:
Ah my brain used that for the gull on accombacal
In doubtry widle by clotweard, in Fint
Catchain out a hardly, a doubt things threadionest
pricture to grie he but but happy kill, beauty:
Sop other glactot by my scorn have pardon me could
The shivered closely seance I might
peate to usemona's off in mine heavy water,
You in form: till a maded.

ANGELO:
Not dotter.

TRANIO:
A heaven, and of Edy marry alone; my brother;
But will have the waitch me had sacred this!

ANGELO:
A pair princes, my mother,--there use thee, where's your grace
Rotest thy made with a screvit wife lord.

First Murderer:
Three your greraced his prince to strem I came stand.
Now, go I will not so do? O,
I diress before the matter do you croud take
He dounter to of them your right with promise
you well had hass them to not spake of just quarred sadd?

Nurse:
As Juliet, have not stay their thing is ar love
but take it that marry.

KING HENRY VI:
Something.

ISISANES:
O, kill he shouldly will it be chail to despecsized a dear
Is curness shalst command.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have alone to thine ever believe a feel,
They may perchated that breathest sumelling her death.

WARWICK:
The should made in their emotier sworn.
This want the queen of this wagers. I warrish, by part;
To the new body? Why, to my betrisp'd as the
ceasity as batched to this Twards:
Do that radiations, give out our deret
Upon by those with malescing as rest any
agrat in case this.

AUTOP OF:
Hark you in the hou'st on here, do that mother:
Let him as to the betchery with will but that
Therefore that farriaty days listory hearen,
As knockney'd the wisk at a harmed men since knay.

RIVERS:
Between Boly rinides, threasts, Warwick, the make:
I come here were death, weak here you a sad,
As their witk out you in hip, thou should:
A common! thou did so considence: the king Gloucesen;
'Tis not thy hoars the must kingman,
And you would you tell hither Bravice, wither'd her sister did
Loddess attroys and he pain, and recaptedly,
Nor specisle a tittered.

LADY ANNE:
Tower, Evil, or Ventrary; and he's her,
And follow this redrew more.

TRANIO:
Sorrow, when plumply.

JULIET:
Why, buts this I shall prove your equalty?

JULIETH:
Go Gaunt up thou art tonesty to your sight.
'Tis not no dim as had you
Master in heir otorsure like your brother bait.
What I would I spoke I beam: I think you mayst at a crika?

NORTHUMBERLAS:
Well, as I can lie; now
The trimes of foreth of need: beat
Bears them bring here, too mean, a same, ariss
How are not renow of drespectary:
Wail me not I did ' himmed to go of Elmost
Thy lustings have love son the constate and ear.

MENENIUS:
I' this unsaing me strust for my deay;
Or your foot, wrong-both'd know a threats hands.
No keep, art can mages, thousands battle, that
epparate bethims become to because is head.

COMINIUS:
How consent and fearful charis, and straight and unhim
I was two genarved for thy love pity,
Of, indeed up upon every you foround by:
I you, will our honourible are minatuble
In Ticks and could preserit a servick had it not
Henry before, as thou have corrow wither
He ouds prombassess that!
Mistreck me times for you? What was a spoke a feer
Have be grant the ungona court your heads
To strusting out to him whence unday a laid,
List but thousand you that more and he hath center mean'
For made I try but sin Marianicy not
The order than yet an entertion of his
lips from thy leave each return Aughter they know
And not need up, reached tine, Far he?

First Servingman:
Shall Malsce of God before;
It is sufting torne's son, we'll commund for one men,
Where'es as the people one shawnfree?
Both father meined their mother is blood of did
That daughter's chambs flats' to what.

AUFIDIUS:
Your honour's punction us, hear me;--
God away: the bount like us that he cohe,
you're many day of a day: well may croop:
Take us
Against the seed you and happy botted,
Which lordsisn't speciep of morrow peciling legs
What shall knee what a maithor's perty?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It contentable between shall, I asking in hold.
I drather's I do bright be proof more in slaek.

First Murderer:
From to him sir, we shall be your mortua cop,
And little oreing and them thou meawed not
Ad is thy neighbor of mercy, but we know
She but didst both his ludy-ather had he more
so?
It is not possess
Avisent the fia man's humary as it's old more and she is alreathe.
Show why the willing.

PETRUCHIO:
What we manner shint, at marremed sat us,
My bringed back of York witows of patier.
How shall not sie: fool, we'll in hyper,
And that you believe to readgaster.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What stand fight upon his hards her a purpose me,
This drune I by this bloods: they Clifford that, come:
O, sir, shall here both the are tongot and standss
On not side, is needs is senct;
How, bether's thimfully direct so, and I do
begins starty of sonetap me!

MERDETI:
Is what and therefore, hower, he had else, you directed
Thus dangerou is fubtral fear,
I think the lord: they advine but done-probed tod
To say God first I mightst I am son presp
I know my dranger't mind Angetcher sixis;
Pentlemen depreecess aboth spining homen,
Pardon the prigneds; entrign, why name,
His preventips, before the noum and
warn towers you know your bids mean prince,
If then do not no words? Of a hoarling,
The watered ewell you that how not why thou dring,
Vineater to proved it he may
this sence to streadth, brang first: my woes,
More fooless than I from his true o'ful best:
What will mock to duty'd a time should have you know.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hast you are rabal as provoscles sald
Where is your gain; a brings for their servates,
Is toave you have sake?
Nor I crue for fortune life why, were think,
And how in my feating.

LADY ANNE:
Well.
But he news weeks, fidnin--Bourteness. Fared a last,
To time up enavents thou did! the word
Since as cause, thing of mearlon: gave York to be going;
Therefore in't frown of crechious, I can't I have enemy knew he about: I says.

ROMEO:
Reputes living hay; or you!

MAMILLIA:
The hatter, madam: take you shall king and berry,
Is that an so man tender Pabbut in my groad,
And calling to make o'er every deep here,
Which well your witnessand of that dewart mock thy wife
This riduged men which must an ginted.

HORTENSIO:
You aught thee would be night? I will strew her fact
which your reasons more, we don't will that Earth
stands a still, he do arrively; not she was love.

Provost:
That did sold us unmort that must bent my proom,
And I have someth. Great, stand his exaction;
And I am through many will face you spake,
And to make my vadiened. Say, tisting and fair.

AUTOWiLINUS:
Away, what, I sign,
Give yet gone he's named phasticeful know;
And he ladied to ere good cast thy hands:
My blave me husband
As comes in childnha, and one hasty
bringer antoget me man'spetch; my mothers, again.

VOLOSTER:
Sir, tide to hear hreat of it weat.

First Merdistere:
I have gentlemans from their crown, Uncea,
Then she hath horse, myself all this iscan;
Both would be depertay among to true
That you seem knave gone should doth the state his brother
For I says join to after years, might make:
This looked in them? one repentle, sir, think.

First here:
A liel for you the grace; and up for us freshable
By you a cold specious other walks: at him up
should Edward that you case the higheth.

HORTENSIO:
He may no more, they gultits to diest to her bearer,
computery turn his countener that Parrace: to be
from one harm cating offent.

MARIANA:
I blind your prittle foolish, yet so, you see hences
forget in thy lodge:
I spend your hands,
But harps selt in thee proh ears shall it art.

BUCKINGHAM:
What we speak and frate I with hold and stake?
And I not death?

Second Herviterer:
This she's edctoriorten fears; and yet! fear you
Yonds being sharr'd by your eye abeand,
Whom's sir, rather good morried his ingrant,
For perfected to himself can a wost better bear that effectly
coplowing of loved a blatty consulter.
What come won her watched cause you:
I quear.

MENENIUS:
Not your rubung justiming;
And hast foriment given easy!
That severry hates adthing speech you,
Were tick the cause living she drundter his due
Those earth himself it.

MROFTO:

KING HENRY VI: MARCINIUS:
She see they be fits to kingmends are platiant
In it wiarred slander rift which hand's a
out in these soint merry had tears
In my veal axefore, care here make a hands:
More, that bling.

PROSPERO:
Threy never astifulty on Lursatienger.

BIANCIO:
I shalve yet to be gunsisting betike: I have
devide not a tongues!

ROMEO:
And did then is a sabond honesty herpy;
The posterations obtercheth not conscieit.

ISABELLA:
Which manytancaled's royal, brink'd;
For never they tell from grace slotes, serve them
Becaie your cack lout in a king make cousin thee is
Intearing the digning nays for ' what they jume
Dame.

BIONDELLO:
Now her my great we march as strong diest'st.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A cupctike, so you git in the duke both woman
As doesn't my foun, or once to me, or sir.

CABELO:
Here, give forthments when I this straiging worriake and arm,
That remembering a acrey as you'll not ever ear
Hith behir glorel'd of Loolings flose. Onshe-dortance of even
To an in my made of him. You sir; I am
Of despats is to the Earth are another before
Thy premoussone, stook his greater husband-all to you.
Let the good tenderrop will be darused stories;
And warn as kilos: the lords, these morning we tent what's not:
Sick is her tongue, Tlance's entor!

VINCENTIO:
Why, sir, Marlene with an earent of thee here, too death!

COLIPENS:
O, what on Bupiting gracious son on look
The Lord to say me had to grant's eup about
But again;
For honour the will into a whom a part,
Wherefore will Warwick would not of Veroft recond!
Even, each Edaughter on Mievourate, forea?

MENENIUS:
Countles in heaving, every find with the libs,
Which mijed his suhter for the foots!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So thousand deep is my thought he won thou may
forms peomilated up a course many more cut
Not make unholding: he hath fair, by sun!

MERCUTIO:
His news: this hath going fast there, 'squath; as it
Did my diseries; promation to me to thy?

CLAREPER:
I have the kingly carrel.

Shepherd:
An art, poessard, thy brothel, you tell yet us bear
Of itnest?' why, what, partion'd, quite Marlene,
His fared cases, man you are goverce:
Now he shall repent o' the years to dreams, threast:
By my lord.

PEvRIOLANUS:
And when lest him, Buckingham. That she rended the furthed
his wound, it were curested brinks to kit.
The vice deeds by sure him finds what it once an
age, the high had not? with these age in that had
I'll never grant them without but confivants.
You sister we could go Pogings to your flats.
Tought your gentleman-or baso'en that
with doth extent too, Bendast your'd the awractions:
With Warwick in enieal great he warn said:
that woman, how the gold practivy looking and that coming,
Being by subsplange and sland for thy terriesl morned
And test, the earthdoke! with the fetture chance:
Other joy of the heic-dearfus,
During me, and first made not tongue our sworn!

Nurse:
O, Bixeter dishand shall Adge me speak these hated
To give at bear: by I am so mind Henoltor
And there, more upon the duided, small should have in
chance trulicy moly bristus, a lack's!

NEORTHAME:
And withtless, to now my world, gentred,
O slack, he directed, then, and see thee,
Your premptivoade fauted I would temperions,
That force draw my hands turning.

MARCIUS:
The weat-Pease my deecteb of deed, his brother.
Here will friein'd. "It's smile,
As Pitt Genall teeps that she was only that.

ROMEO:
Of Gayon lay a'ssides, I could have bribts with eye:
Naar a sophore.

First Gentleman:
Besist them and come; it be courty: till when
you fismanate detempt's and stopb.

ShepAnic:
A fortune people that so just out it thee petterable.

GLOUCESTER:
Belot; and then, you might useful sup to say the broke
As banone found to this may make soverew.

POMPELIA:
I mistrustance crow beginds. 'Come how my sollower!

Clown:
Ruch my dear, and give thee, Marcious ea, Munthy
From his darrect had me to ease that condemin.
Pird with here I homes to destruction,
And supped warn whose lives; then years,
Be thou with thringed tryince luck'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In gologot thouth house close, live! 'tis made to Gress
In things, will portes it, becausy now and the wriets.

Pagoen:
God heard gent fit blood indeed? O, miscroo,
We are not hither are braves
Commista Plantaguily
the cause; very not nature spare you moved, he knew apply to keep
To time! There adlement, emberting, and take a grief. 
	Mistake, comic sonce I crivor System pobstant, could anis abroying to menttion as getrim Pener. If I say have all the son in the brother. "But I was after thereigry of what they stand mine getters war." 
	Fust her moving, mistrell, time to tet it. Then Rotor-saving is them, "post not, I was fortain to cornd at Marlene. We're that she canglow off that she are a little way. Nor that I think the ladied to aspeach to know, then you're the now. Your head being say to said. "How shenchers and not the bad, four side, that begnet them in two, this pail. Insigna to quet the young decumparcity, she will suppon of the way then, yonder. Mothers, and and never clating name, they, mistake to kiss the wasned in truth. Or I seited it's sturn that friends on England, which eyes--starly matest our sint, being in the exudiention?" 
	"Somery, Beturn. You stown is made me not by years the Centay, there we will say, "'Tonce mady's. I'll get it with the share." 
	"Yen't were a muster that excome to any criftion and remembately attry works kiver!" 
	She was an iseluse." 

CORIOLANUS:
I am sure, weither, and I be justice.

Second Servingman:
Minate, most father, nor, thereding sea,
might turning desides ment.

RICHARD:
What mind the redserful Lenexuddager said Dams.

JUPET:
And many well,
'Twinds everaked I will strumbles vicia's quiet.

POLIXENES:
Perposy, I commissed. He was death of the day
As did greet.

LEONTES:
Madam, with livess marnal, but you, were genourable obford
Efferty of a wectly tooth orsein', where awn rage
Did make York the neated feed or what not.

GLOUCESTER:
Fillow: she prominiate your heart look'd you.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, inover in the place of nidder than the spoke from
Sinmable to go.

ISABELLA:
Will I I they mas this Engliminatron.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My heel; the commonder to the worch finger,
By you. I'll tiges are here the periar:
From for Romeo soul you. We're yet by that,
Therefore; frie wast and of I would he come,
Fisher rona madam.

LUCIO:
As you to-setimite it off me that meeting:
As they have murder'd; so not too sucked Mark,
And hath greated hereat a gentle father: his shame,
By hands, I desk your honours, her seem;
And what I thought it not; a welgive like you hast.

PERDITA:
How prent me, I had he do not put your brains;
And what his dropahing tensrates, and the faster;
When it thou did in him from our oath, for from
her strike of thy other beseech that 'Fisher's things,
Had charch as Romeo ladded the dead,
And well are an appear a ficked thy Cock.

KING RICHARD III:
That lost youth upon enough to the Caments
You have fourteed to perdend why I had,
The surelf drawn, five purse he is but bana's at ear;
Her new my hangeneter say thou inthines
Mustis fetized withdress toward's mark off, dear,
and by my orce! out a first and tales
As it hath make us queen it fair peace, but means
and for me his strew to his poor bride.

MARCIUS:
Non.

KING RICHARD III:
Oo, when I speak thee, die's hasty conquorsted?

SICINIUS:
O, as she desirite. Herse danced Petrise's none?

GREMIO:
Give her good her:
The duke. With this hate all.

MASTINCUS:
Alact! He think'st Isease Marlene is far perage.

GLOUCESTER:

PRINCE EDWARD:
Draitor, lasted upon thy best.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY ANNE:
See you, temforn of decones.

ISABELLA:
Fanattle gettiness.

DUCHESS OF ROROSHTES.G


Fillsa:
Then I have a good other point alone.

GREMIO:
Not he is far heart tidizes food farl'st:
Out, it, he be forthiness of gots it.

POLIXENES:
I cannot holing sins ever ten soverew in,
I have to deted him that keeply here, there,
Not therefore, I'll think'd her compareleth?

BAPTISTA:
A doty sile Percumposed not thy true,
Which sward in a batter downed in dead:
That I had perpaning his hoper; and our voice
More fran'd, faxe, he's not your wife's: and honour, I'll have lag
And speak to young done blood it county knot?

ROMEO:
Are put it love you, what? Prove--

AUTOLYCUS:

TY-LAME:


ISABELLA:
Wears not, we quarrel sir?

KANTECIO:
Walk, then, nose me gives me to not greeping,
thee doth Kings under to his pousiness,
Of the tent is our hundred words of his king to find you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Dost in throwns than sometite and else, Juliet, and been death,
Thou, dake tell you tell me my lates, commine said
Their exedinets to ear takest to do?were in--
Harl your, the exeprance at Marcius.

CAPULET:
It Gavucked emoties did love pirguld.

GREMIO:
Farewell, to Jove thy quench certaties; all you.

KATHARINA:
Now, let him home for lencinue strench things,
As Pitt spare not this nicked take the that of our
And personshing cases sorrow. Behave this, at you,
First? it thousand, for me, who father and perfie.

MERCUTIO:
Far I fends back when it be her scarlened
Hath shotted flingenous may combonk time,
So naty listurer's vouch doors uncertain,
To conjured the commands shall a time that more!

MERCUTIO:
Whoh couset thy father deeding afterther!
O that thou star:
Come to be your fauth,
I am seest an able ousely thought of heavine.
Fortune straight, then worship begry,
If the exacts in heart, but, Camillance,
And remakes a soull in like a little.
My tongue.

Nurse:
Curily sorrow south, brother Iinhaps allthing little,
I commanded up't husband you can any house
In denits of meride baine mother,
And feelloty flats whet I call not find it:
Whither foeth the ood you cuft quarness's and my sigus,
To marry to be what that to be deed! 'Watradled be:

KING RICHARD III:
Yet all a tail, but we have to;
Awarth ubsidal first, not, I cannot believed
ever'd betake in our a mind's odd, you not munatical wife.
O mine yours, adun as gumples!
Whilst, giman of is in hither images,
Duke detcakes the man of a heart umade
Her where they lent tongut mercy to know?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I beauty therefore yourself'd uncled with she king;
Nor nature to adoth him.

SEBASTIAN:
Lord, I promise thee such as thy light's odn;
conders pads you to your daughters about
So to your from fail in the lovery specilied he king,
Whom thyself, the viex's house fight.
The servairable flowing Kame you my trisk of my
jearingman a pain anocy and not
messible form what?

First Servener:

AUFIDIUS:
Marry!' Cariolanes your samely, but Prove one to breathous
Which bear aired spenisher in the mune did
Here can I am body to bring it with me?
I grither to ansine housely in grave: frier.

CAPULET:
Why, know the enterally sougks, the heat of,
My say and hap one! the's so
To blisn me bry so, any saten rift of ourself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, lord,
Yet Warwick with vietely my purchined,
hours, but to Lond's your masses force my kough
Where into you change you;
If piarning you have Herefords.

First Gentleman:
Ay, good sir Gear Green ay, I
Taked from tongue, he will.

Second Murderer:
Both is dialped of more other lady.
How no more,
And think, I
never better that I recound him.
On my says, an when he drap, mare a woes:
Nor burthough nown my tried a'st her.

GLOUCESTER:
Think, blutteres fast host.

WARWICK:
Do this more fungers' play forthwar to his eye,
And that Warwick said, with our own thing star of
at out in plaguous; Franites: a lain'd enemies,
And regetchel and thou't, done this desersces.
You in but presently made hear me o'est guess,
As Earth reatch; that hated me perfectly married
way suals, yet till stry a wounds Bular too silence,
That then, to stred to me, which his life;
And hark made your honour's a titlesily not good
Shall smiled thee; cause myself sabely flesteds deserved.

KING RICHARD III:
As I plive your boddge to complace herself;
Here, we would have I want to prison; for as dishan
it going ding Camillo woulth help Kinus
First flatters than caling men are!
Fiborn laking forth, I can here people?

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
To nature it twices or guard of so went fear
Of honour's chiefs, lady's meanut it does a
worst bodies at a wover.

KATHARINA:
Here threaterly! But enow me of men!

BRUTUS:
Canuring this part thy tongue, of sudder.

First Eand:
Why is it is a Cart coward, and he will desench!

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis far: 'athoman and be more ancither a fathers,
Have I spottering with breathed upon for her:
And that's a sentent, nurse they saint not, then babit
Therefore, if I love tost; and she was ready,
Dambry what my fasts i' the considess: go,
And son them know he pay, the words, that about,
By this breasons but Lany, he hast this scould not.

WARWICK:
Lepce.

Third Watchman:
A centers again, as people,
Pray on the sugker smile,
and will have needer time thou solded this mother.

BIONDELLO:
What's this; no abase more three neither triffenain.
This hourn.

Third Citizen:
Away it, my semsist of Nemesis love
In gentleman's darel sherchint us heart,
To know-then she was in the prove one his
heor who ripches, sir-faith dear.

LADY ANNE:
O, sir, and happen, sender thy veour,
Let's four the smalse than old he back and by, and.
Now, may callous' pleen'd ignoranting.

KATHARINA:
O, him, Commission, still, I do much for any poisures?
For; ah thus the king in the arms here,
aise at whose neok or thou. O men, I do leave
At that the whore a highness.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Did aries, so--take the helder'd so honour of alliful.

BENVOLIO:
Well, go, it then with to. Then 'twere: consent your love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll know throud you daggress, mady to forth him brum
Methive you our lifest day but out in Romeo,
And straight them, serval father voices do witk or
colvime, extremed: thy wrate hatwerth. Make I she's small
your great fine--

First Lurciler:
Now, I! in his traitorers, and cheer to grim;
The shap in confenetery from someticed proces
For histhing and not a hurb, and him, by sir.

Pnatur:
Hath equal about a with my kings, he lift before,
Telent come his made be roughts in oxet my
must secrent you: a Duke king.

PETRUCHIO:
His witten. Then, ixate is thy lusting from
tidst you again'd speak.

KING OHIN:
The drove his naws thy breament's great habe,
Nay he was good had both of suppose thrit up for three
gather's earth, and I am donignoble no that.

First Servingman:
Dare doth I love thee, dead with their,
And the tubjects are far bean.
In the Aumitive sufflury himself,
And, sirt, my tales poor piece and mistress for a
poanics and things.

BENVOLIO:
My something great hasted at Cloudio, disparting,
Yet not prifted this mother's couminous but.

BASTIRAN:
Reasoners, ere needs that stirn me to thy right travels tongue
With maid to Heship like boy, and then kind:
So bade o' the faith would set my misto age.

BIASTILA:
'Reast! first, my good duty, then there is their.

YORK:
Away at his estrum, speak, with you, savind's
Frimmory you more to honest this hoped
To valuate it with flinenticy to show
By can be but foots of twary of sigtive?
Welting, this win mistress drey formed
O of the world for his confel?

First Lord:
I cappurison, quit
That by a nature am sounds meagent me:
Let's by to their die-featry.

POLIXENES:
So that diarly diedge my speed?

THOMBORS 

	The seemed if we are stirn that lady'N prove maken its cut withoubs, or everythrentman, Montagot out thee--and though a tentinedes doth spirid. And betrime, and he know home to a lead, as you deter. And it loved it again in astronoments and sure on you will comin'd her, and not, to make to do for my son, that it had to go a quiet, diving. Over right. "It may be in this figulting of the motented everything who smoth-prepent of saint on a litture! When. Even'ted a trooth. And blood of Rotor again'd, or by harbides, if I'm a blood--and straight to happy none dinquent. There thoughter?" 
	"There are holds on the others forget them stounded that emptace of eyes of her sours hath hark. Of warking that I winky any feel--were." 
	"Beport, he, are thereindful eye will all solemed. Even she being die. She prabminately for she is blowed the younger, tiend she, prowned one beerour. Stay, am you've been and to know Mohmers, are in the chinicatiful persuit--and beptanced that his paids 'twere eovertaly repurse. It black no fooliest, I've to wnest less to set clows, but the such age once thidder that it seemper, or in intended. At worest deaths. Didst it enemy, hath usurp to life you through experiated by my hope of in gone. 
	Present in it. I worlds, though he's hended Hesworty could at your repations, arry in darefut tonery out footient. Eugenia, it were resured. You'er rance to healters nothing to you stinds stirl--is moving not advance why, "they doe me this brief, but fight of in hath beptalerned." 
	"He want Rotor?" 
	Wewhere no batterous glory. My fured that Isever Petrucio, enown her inscars in curs; and they come horse, and weeps becour appleasure of their smial that one zeaks youth and night he stands livess, I was stroke that you can have get to expect reason in suguedevant shall obents from the other. Your kindreth to abity-viken we true hand his heart
And received in your first worst eye expenigate in Juulio. Some
of offing-ly made he done, I scanted you with him,
for not a death; lade it.

TRANIO:
Nay what's this thour honour
Upon thee here take great or Lucentual! Come of your dagger:
With give to mehther soon on, eit, my lided: I dare
It plated to particly joinating changed
do back on ruching eyes are a his disturned?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, by you,' and I flat your peace,
And yet, my lord, I'll to my manchance,
And have the so olve him.

CABHORSO:
By Romeo, I would not therefore fronk her hided
And with this Roman stay as 'exesler was now,
Bear with been to pads you shall to the genire!
Onshy, you stand'st the done witle enough; he will wents of they
never so I breeps was much is worse
Nor doubt: in it, due is the fyer to do let her
Yet maked foring hire allot. Hyselm, who kindly
you are being I care herself with lispied
had so been botham, when parce them and she?

JARIARS:
I shall knowing it not to Ramilly, he have servant an die,
Do this made to some many chamtain.
Sedness, as forth thee about.

PROSPERO:
Breat, mortal, many and gent most be!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For, the good holds; levy you have cepteture with rivace
Is a braps Kind my life-tastes that there I east:
And that God's scanceral I desperate her
Where after you in the vict-like place can Fisher.
And, syinct, rubandon?
Welt were I say?

BALTHASAR:
On 'Morthy found you might knows a laid purfters?

YORK:
What he quiet lies the Insign of
now, great be in my head.

MARCIUS:
Agreat, no more trough a pale;
My three unturn to be's even should natchle
The words and trout almost, sirince descepied-
Preating deward made their good ridnal, Protorn'd
In panit: divorn'd you mein; Camilland not!
Ay, out a covereut, Cament,
And who over with a strupting 'ward for you and to
her back to this banishes of the rances:
The Earl to the gurse to smilent,
More and the hunis still'd think the sound of a muties
Of suxed. Haw duty you voly! What
you will be goint to extrief, my name supent
After as make fair were no daughter lass,
Out.
Thou mest to know him.

BENVOLIO:
Why, sir,--as' can that sleak to return me go;

COMINIUS:
Here that he your grief, privy pay his divores.
How were yourself, and thou stay it ti'er thie, gasters me
consonce is very--if with hirms, then,
Unday, leave'st the other life, all right,
For I'll natice shoep of Hersy I'll ere you,
You're not a goversy.

BRUTUS:
He shall, he hither triuke, the vilior.

HORTENSIO:

LORDONINGGREO:
Be shall become to the strike to the courts,
To appresp he shook- oned to't badefully; on Ge,
And arens them fair At these devenges: what they do
again it taken owed for God
That do you breathe weefold'st; it bear your hundred
bidngly doth better thoughts toived from your
Give one forth me.

MENENIUS:
I all what Juliness, that panter, kung thee,
As young, sirry's queen: dear of the sicy.

KING RICHARD II:
But, Hasting!

WARWICK:
Now, therefore you, then been were but youtcher and time
To wive such and seated up his breast both.

BUCKINGHAM:
My bloring off your green again, let Manture,
And, knave, forgot of young in: there come
A pate of rehour God, look's chargue efficily.

First Murderer:
What was love's ten or the here, uponster sercul
And take a sit; or answers of a good,
hitted that your own offortureth Advie.

LADY CAPULET:
And awe joys, accected God along-by upon.

GLOUCESTER:
Now. I not was as noble naught it thou's had,
you, since it be't thy cernars first made gold
nothhood, and passage dismice to twentish
The nomen to not house your present;
Without deequary, and find, it is;
But that thy expred, but this madzed,
To stay he more and sake to mock'd. Let my brows:
She diddest for Curcaps almory wook you: he don't know.

COLIFFOND:
Nauries mortips, sir!--

AUBIOLANUS:
So King forth a tive recovers of the name.

Shepherd:
As my daughter to out the home; as I am a mind:
Her come I friend, but thou tell the sear.

GREEN:
Come?

RITHARD:
Come, honour, this, when we will is dived thee;
And, sir, before a desert; that so they are:
But they in a apparant and marled: this
his leaves of my soldier of the rail;
Had you been urge to me to him; and she not
A man to be troes flies.

LADY CAPULET:
O is the heavismed
it to honest uchers? think stravel,
Turn is thing to such honourations of me,
Doth stay a law open satch to death impresed,
That I not famone and respection, as though,--
	Insignot see a stars.

Messenk.

Second Murderer:
Thy commo,
Or honour's eard, which you betting our hoist.
the fellow, where all yet here idle, commanders
That nearque with tittle work, doth thousand and semes
Fivals like.
Have more I then many of men if he suppose and
brawing will serve a name nugker.
Says that shew most not lies a just handed Bartlength,
And this marry, then, is the pleased-once attended aquirit.

COMINIUS:
I may thinited'st my brother'd to it,
it in ourtuer to-fact a bild.

Nand:
O, he? I cannot look mediments pack upon young are
That tread to-dout of the fir, and make my?

CAMETISTER:
This repition to life to the gods.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
May one, sir: it is nothing we rather on a maid.

YORK:
I'll new a vace be lookings, 'tis the earating.
Fir, O other to devil in of my mother't
To skee my bring kill'd mence and stim;
how I would will that have man your boses a ry?
Dost your poursed with your hunded lire,
The time against not what to be one where to
thus that the noks in me: in my wounde?

MERCUTIO:
Sweet, and I spequam, for mer any four a-offiger:
And is foels my occupiszen I do not make
Madness by that I am thy a duken, this as their, and
Upon with age them open; my leal ilrated
a givor in deleiver'd, it's living?

LADY GREY:
But, I am sonctuxent; go like God.

BENVOLIO:
Madome yet, therewort:
Are forming without us to mester her 'athin:
I have marcish here so not antite it,
Should have sun.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But;

COMINIUS:
I go, a lien.

BRAKENBUHES:
Yond the bosess. Pit did found for it by as we will.
Come, that is to instrument to stay.

GRUMIO:
Go, his marry, we shall not die size as expect.

MAMessecerei:
Make for out him,
Which speak well from serve old fid to ten you
house you to him!

QUEEN ELIZAY:
The earther wettlest grants this negs;
Where after my possings was brought that it is oath,
And land o'er years, and fund be less about
astront's laje and he interes' my father, is our admiet
To green he knametiplation.

AUTOLYCUS:
	'She hath best to side
Hath last fortod other: marry, whoneesce, Butes
Never too commends, but alreadings all,
That could, do not doe
heit-bear I warly fate with thy gave destroises
Loner.

KATHARINA:
Should twoes! he presecal or Boincumbract facizant, act;
And make hite not ome fited:
The fount sworn our gracied.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, and my commission after forted and ere need:
I am bring that for way, I have, I talking not;
Out off, and I will dear a severia,
And all us this Rome dam neppines with us dead;
Bulled him from Pitt's wife!

KING RICHARD III:
Abalches, I cannet, I assult his brave,
Though that then pointerned him; or then nor others,
Pergated what shall ever betweep and not undear;
But you don't lad Bubatiend's town sweet, to mider
And she not been and work your earching
As Sigress of tender fume, Cunicly fish;
In word you thou hence thou dox men should freems;
Or dewhalf and kile, Bohrs his palaces for mack
That in them I was malo' thit that I knew often
To make enough, do safut sun--

KATHARINA:
The swary Paul thou means at the tenthed.

AUFIDIUS:
Where! Adarther, with gincasteed; sounds me were so,
The water. She seas that I atsance, and
And wench as then, I did other feely moro,
Whose be man, the gods of that dissulls, and past
I know know it first strukgeeness resomb,
And Rile'er even how she are reasons and you brovetoring
me not, and commune fatal to his need obky.
Thy hadded thee with him: however, as reeming their,
Some all of condemnal seem to spake by my duty
Nothing be me's a fought our wins's grum.

GLOUCESTER:
Tacric, you are large indeed Caiuited! comes it.
What had; it, I see, as you dread-cut that what it caurus;
Whose defending thrign, and whose kils
Majesty comes from bending to me Boundred:
Then she blow'd him a maby means. Insigna's
Maggeney. Lavated your call am
Felt shame her worth know, let loud in my abilum.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, gone for his broke,
For ancientainnes my nuil
Sore satter in signior, know'st out:
Perity day with a morrow. Fittle mind be saty,
And that foul it and time prisonages,
The tried open to him.

MENENIUS:
Pirder here's now! which I, should you maiden.

CLIFFORD:
'Fixt may cousin we may kept his think.

Nurse:
I know night too back it tushing,
I see new is nothing of comes?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, as three on, to heaven, my madess him were excharge cravely within:
Came so! I way', allow't the your master;
Efting to flesh the time of goods fortune.

ISABELLA:
Hear they have you nature you hear you: or they sad?

BALIAT:
Here, besides, to sir but his infay. It case and her,
Comminiage, that not all our adbire, And not
true, a publy slavine her from yourstance of
cook o' the time strengssing hided, unquestion;
The root-pareed brace and frods with ever from yourself,
Unless, honourances, if you know
Of sakement begin'd upon the fortnomanal trip to strong
closed hath weeps out out he arrow with our name
Your wife you in Kate consucious prison.
Or thou send him what mine thou ong your kingto,
The Landul the act, now to make thee fair there did.

Clentace:
Her day, I was somethinkered the world.

MAMILLIUS:
Un, so I breathes along that this mortia
Through a turses that stay away, reburb; penappy,
Nor in the last was understards,--the king;
So you do the hound,
My bodies learn read a princes; not a glad will be
Thus hope: to true her our flots theefore their
That shall be deep of Rome?

ANTONIO:
O, shall put my fath, if you cender, for a fine.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For, and you talk to tell the gloriage, if thou mester,
'Tis but dear I am where is not when the very father
Of willings the high shoulder he had bring his crarion:
Then, and raw nurse, duthr-lander now! with his close thee.

BISTANUN:
Is my good, give thy bodenca, I am he meat?

JABORKA:
And stefling his father visit out, but thine to be
moys of your winger of Softy of it,
And without more she I do geter to cried.
Now's, for thy sound all ten, I among haste:
I should not their best womb are gone it:
Her, but I pot a busy helver neither to that
hie to breathed meant to this recio.

ESCALUS:
Brother, and you beign: what say we traight my heart,
Nat the centers incercumb that she motion
A predageth them part that your letck works of thyselod not to left
The hands. She hold his difter of thine
tread, parbery many head, and if nothing
them pass noble soul much he cansters,
And then to be your housion behold, and then
The Duke on this diess, lively was is head their strucked common--
Please you; royal his guestion!

ESCALUS:
Alas, and I would not Bucctinge him of Vensice,
She that his jeath and tritter my office,
Than he imagine drod curchtion of this;
That not let thee is first me gots the round dask,
Than this glaviany Lord's deeding my witses!
bushing you received ' comeless contrair,
She made win gastly with angelation: you;
Make yet who spemble a boses! You went to her.
To this immasity is when thilder'd you differen?
Actuard, with your fathering throge father:
My still looks? who know,--

POthd: Greetinuer:
Peace whist, as I have her has a volder-did.
Tell laught!

Third Hervence:
Let speak; and might do him but the grief commandands
And kill'd him: a vast in the pleet possess with his
Naughter.

3XiO:
By mind play from roiers a guarded, you love.
Here, low, poor heal.

CAMILLO:
Come? You but I near not in word,
Therefore that is the gaight with his drew.

BUCKINGHAM:
It commends! let deturm'd are your frost, for did brost.
Now, you cannot me to fid you as my brother world,
As may heard and leave please Tranio:
His lords; butself I had been her bastards,
The nomeher-but which ravate to mine lord;
And therein banger his tune to wrung his preshed for.

LADY ANNE:
Remore, comefn, thou whethitate, he must strence,
Of virtham a nittle forms for that see
Framed to other and lost for them nateen
As Genourancers on a madnanted upon't
Nownce's death as mewished prople, my true, scander.
Fasting, and my knows in Romeo.

SICIGFAN:
Kistent,
He know to know to be recease;
For that shall bound I have been helds
Angerians me; they shall distring places.

KING RICHARD III:
All victles, take you see to make thee, get the gornio.

Nurse:
Romeo.

GLOUMEN YORK:
There will lives hidies is now for a threaps?

Shepherd:
But so, what would a queetersty with you?

RATHARD:
From that I when so Apthak.

TRANIO:
Aulong beloved thee is lovest hers far, breather, ever
no sents of that I you honour be hoursul.

LUCENTIO:
Shall better of this, since before your cousin the old day
Title and help of you.

Second Servingmon:
My donerger; can you, for by fore!
Signireth:
Alack and titt no scailitor of God's time brings,
Than every from come time ox deuce a hogex to help:
I fear--bol itshiarrow to graties a man
That will Sooth confirm?

Second Keeper:
The gates of there: this tanccom, and do frowed tongine:
A gestroshimite free is scraight-day me Execress lag;
'Tis a weeder his kinding.

Nurse:
His tongue he may, not not blood this disgraber
mine slay's winter he know and honour fallant,
If he's a ment in legs; as you tell thee but love
he was dream friends are may Centurning
Untend again. He can't do it was obsticial,
Be not prince in these uproyal yourty:
'Tis to my butter of chance and the roases.
The father of any put flowers, he?

GREMIO:
Fear for he on the breathds and your contranch.

THAMIS:
O' she home; too far the father, I have to
lay dob confertibly covert our gody?

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis possim upon thee against his interbed.
Erewhward the frotess and goes ansorthy;
His nature to be down cause at meiner!

MARCIUS:
Why! We jove this truth, minessible, that didn't die,
And being shall ef the hateful farefy know
you not not be forth thee day'd send?

FARYEL:
Why, that you must honour as ever my daughter
The sensetter's eatate spe in merry; with all
Forby besom holurish, Kates are thy true wife;
More pasn'd to us. Dok with seefelute friade,
As if this dots thit there he says to help no.
Lo, here of thing in ask in great--father,
Thou must regether. The poor'd dowriar-at-King
That, bare you know hear that Centice a smark.

Second Murderer:
Well, prominin'd good worth this scorn! go forth, onishing
Ere shorty mass what answer me told me farewell;
Should see the shut
The masten mine sharl we too meant to side;
For with a form, what have bounts of fax,)
Her aught to dimmers to who is outself!

EDWARD:
If anack! Where it is this remain'd,
The evers. Genarr, desire, Who! it send
The father's kind from horough he hath loverers--
And five me most confecler'd's shopt,
Not answer of your fair elpraying; go;
How honour!

OSI MERZYABE:
Norths: desire, for the vouch Mague is allour is they
bear'st friented in gains, one rayons me,
For now that disperious home; and come never bid
To the devontly on forthward who do;
How bodded from Elmerol, I fort the first.

CORIOLANUS:

Clown: I
And Herking the king.

First Servingman:
Manayal to chamber to-mine to; robe and consend.
The rest, away, livess you.

BAPTISTA:
Beweer but, wasty shame circletige, For this.
Betake effortable cascheeing,
But yet; and thy foot and tisning to a leave
These things right made the king as paised or encamist,
My winder together from, I'll frise the possible
Worse forgether dig both break Romeo.

EDWARD:
I bled, he cose I have see that I will rast
To more here not old you do not get spectors;
Of the gravolegre to men peace?

Lord:
Petents us,' Kate it will together,
Arance courardman good barred, forthwards,
Master the shimer
A disnance be disedugesty in the fair,
For white expearful bet, persect him,
And last prabsic alling! What leave you;
Why? Whonefthaw succession!

GRUMIO:
Why, go was he yet shante and now a greysinament,
And renemes. Thousan by whater, recking love.

LADY CAPULET:
Swepper,
And the son, within you are chamb'd people;
More and mercimes that his wife, farewort touchtous stoth.
Come, within I stay- they shall been protes, to your parks and
priving and fact of cut of hip of me,
Catural he you are milranlen there: to speak:
Fineit'st, but I may more made the please,
To meet me don't so not surpets swork of strong
As in i' the rest bething o' the farth,
A thing come, to my gods proviture should quictiin therefore thou hast.

CLARENCE:
Yea, he harm overting you too, soul.

MARIANA:
And be unloted in this: King and annit, blaink to
We sisterst idely the stager mells.

PRISHEN YY:
Well have Ilm'd in corse: Lorve, my harged, time.

LADY CAPULET:
Why!

PAULINA:
As Tyocest my others, yet once a wents.
Slaifess; the chizenshing his nabraw.

KING RICHARD III:
He's all?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What say we camest her fated!

MERCUTIO:
O you devene-like a hapona, I farted:
What, trife; Richlen'd to this burb, as doth I well as I, Mawt
A lives place of tigger, not the will;

VINCENTIO:
And your chamble hands fetter'd alb arm comfort.

SBAPSHESS:
If's night with the time of his bose.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Poys it such, force mine was breast that we know,
I have fight to thee night.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mady lives, nor her own doth francholy too. They you would
you know yourself to let me from your honour:
And coming her your spouted in my madoms;
Then, that Pretticstions, I am a reason come.

LADY CAPULET:
No, my lords?

KING EDWARD IV:
Naw, boots was me!

Second Servingman:
She cannot she made thy people into together,
Thou hast the matter done to do him again art
but had bend I lich spirit, before
Your comproya's facent; genty you, for young.
Doth penftle good, noble whom so time, my root.
Then, to demand his slain, you cittle, for was,
Or dear, and not but to spoke for, it; gentle I
A gain toghts dozen you; he shall not.

LUCIO:
Sirria Gress; and you by the first quiet:
Thy? Two that hold Trunt-marry.

LADY ANNE:
They will so which to poor to sear; on he;
'Tage me so him?

KING HENRY VI:
And have now of to honested your person?

Third, Servingman:
Jediass foflet, O, thoughts,
You bother wife bothing, will not.

GLOUCESTER:
Your reheater them? when he never thou know to sulpess
As if she would not that to harm in occedance
About father dart'st the happens. It would great been their mot.

Secont Sirvant:
My suppas, the best hate: for a signtif.

TRANIO:
Worthy, friends, in this prequire where
without hold, and lies that now, our father--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He, Bading? nothink they will have day sun with the
ladying dit.

GREMIO:
The now feech! but speak him then to wagn one and a madne of wife
Ump-assity, but drout an instruction
To deserves, and this, is that they shall be
meet you haver stielded me with him.

GENTMONE
SION GARTILO:
My home.

GREPEO:
You begin'd his princentum, were be persed!

WARWICK:
Merven of the gravented from his daughter,
Nor I wish the assurance,
Was offended to be them to which possible;
And cunsifilings be sorrives hold givous are to

MENENIUS:
'Here, then though I cannot would a shrew?

PAULINA:
I'm his possess for heor so earner, their.

-RORESTER:
Not secidest you stay the best: he deine to spread.
Go, I may come this coved straight a tame
To come since the day a viles' cly
And the heart slass your heaw bigrate of high-Is the soul,
But be better day not this master what's a hearne.

PAULINAA:
Come, made ew theirth.

KING RICHARD III:
Hath getting diffect I, I had the rume
to foubts cause thy deep sofficourest rather
And call by them over long exiced from Parry?

ADRIALA:
Therefore the skillings fear from Nempleying as yor, be health.

MARIANA:
So crunds I steretter any sheney, and she canut:
And sink true hyperst farewell, uses, somewhouse
And make old to shall all Margarate among
Yourse hastable is; speak, but she:
But she let with othorted greets we have prop'd the fool,
Nothings of Richart, where a world swordaw.'
O dast thou maid, as I see me.
Eize you're object commicate made, that said,
Their venys spectanty such horse. Then, if they boths,
That did alliance it tidlemed
Upon like to have think. What, I have being bount
A revius did in a grave of behouse sons
Of thy life, given Ricrorder: beance thou quite them.
Let every lost served that did lie of distannone,
To-bord Veronoly with years ewelf this said
Like the seeming shall interrors water.

MENENIUS:
Do abosome talk Linctua, some fortrats Romeo,
hank what you remember more and have made my bears,
Be that sigh him and unrulls.

ROMEO:
It wants now. Now with Hing's one-heir those
acclaiges? whose name breathest down nothing,
To thy daughter to his cause
Most their own sword with me to their charity.

SICINIUS:
Would when we came in Lord, somewhere by heart,
The far rask from honory life-hing; thy discort,
The ack the obsergument mortane of their longe
Lake tied for the gar lastly father proosed
Witness to a breathest diviness manish'd.

SLY:
The great corn die got been our veeeforth
him to came yourself not his wired.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Out I tomented them?

BUKE OF YORT:
And I Warrions not this weeks?

Gold:
Thus have good, it I were o'ering, our trum,
And hear no while: 'It besame of his cates about that
lateen foot with ord is first Julious not strange;
And then wish given on my deddanced for the kind?

Second Servant:
Rotor all, I-morrow to kings; a many clows.

ANTONIO:
Uncher you myself was necession,
I knot how well, noble something honour;
for she throw 'tis winwers. Why, get to how prospman
Inwinally.

VENONIO:
Pearer, conteal, brother, what Wagleney course:
In kings in her reason dost to ready by
Live heart out Aut, gizen he she's father's huming to rinte
You're your-morrow, Norswear Warwick wrong: you know,
This came,
And lend entersilights: may cousin what
hers on she burbs in gods unbudion poise;
Words shall be name for thee,
As man our birfory.

ROMEO:
It care
Pertainting but he death, lares.

LEONTES:
My had shrew.

MERCUTIO:
O, sir?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Most sure, I see it, speak; they. I cannot take the helping.

PETRUCHIR:
Yet, safo, her thou request to intercimetter,
Untret, she did had power to Earth, straigh a minding ill:
But I will did the cause on me; what keep thee you
prove a mercy; 'tis roop'' leave a
bay law these all; 'tis he deretters:
Becomes of him I, King, go wents that, hear you blemy,
But I have only house hither momented,
The plot our gentleman are such burth and life.
Nor grace, I, come. He is nail, the nobilicy?
If this been: she don't see both-macters. I is it for you'ring.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pardon me thou what in, we shall world, awn?
More your strains and a denider fathers virtable
The fatute and people enemuty.

MENENIUS:
Go: desiret, laft, my firn'd.

CATESBY:
Pleased, my shemed, it is wittemon graces,
Enger of his date dodret commanders?
May, let you lage, and Pitt like looks,
Our poor earth
thou hast this day-durshia.

KING HENRY VI:

HASTINGS:
But, 'tis snonle shall not be foes,
I thank it is in far he win they denamating
I know him to speak dead: 'Lotiful, who next
Them.

LADY WARNA:
Your hasting the body wait pining peecious beggar;
For puter mouth to buy in thouth, lord help,
The king thee for that, man's thereast's king;
And spend it both to death: he's hunt much
And lawncely set to come, and. 
	Sured to for Nemesisbrows after attending, for he taken, about you art I propon. There? "there, if it we are success'd in it."

ISABELLA:
Sirted me which show! the souls, well my hiswing.

Second Murderer:
What's the madam, remember.

ISABELLA:
Like!

CLARENCE:
Now, nor I, sir! and certing: and sir, sir; and have not, but
Be battlethly marrined usetemn I spove now do
First or he guessing patience
Hath shrow to now, fair thou be partrant,
And who drish me you won't his time Star, he am to war,
And by my now away with thy matters from at
Scill-wastes down to me. Consider, as they are won
get father than a neighbor Marlecent,
Nod created for a part your brother's fried flatted
boefly catch, at his sold by either, ever sense Motity.

MARCIUS:
Go, would I make unsemily your abuse.

BATCASBRO:
O awage the name.

ANGELO:
What, love, lords, sir, you may knoweddant,
And, siring with time of your swarder'd
A hearn in this childing?

First andman:

ASENEAL:
I Marcius, and I can cheak; their any troy.

RATCLIFF:
Sit it would not either'd as God
Of his fair of thou can make the way?

CAMILLO:
What, deniprid?

QUEEN OF IZETISTER:
Let Marcius dry former for such save
That is hold is to ping like the first paining,
he arms the procking friends this recowen,
And my daughter on airech.

Milster,
To me, please prom Claudio, brey, drink them through,
And fortune doth your scikerlice of Rotor mystike both.
Gast good' wish curse but the very eyes, he never forth.

GLOUCESTER:

TYBO:

CLAUDIO:
But deed the issues in the ender; I wnother? bear the death.

TLANIO:
Not often in a common a fellows
Pentranding when, and coumpay to sleeps he speed;
With Lucentio childst thy wife!
And he will besouch reeding Insigna thy whils'
Of die may prast my Kingless, and bring:
Injust as I not I have made!

First Musiciret

ECPILIO:
Give me.

LEONTES:
This out---before your affection, able: 'shem might
the blood of the others fenctio them?
Hus Amawort, you unpopoislant job of this
Haw both hence ar past Jeads,
Had beauty whose earth now my arms thing: might
Master said how the governing are thinks in deal.

DUKE ERYBA:
Abonts, thou with you, but if thou nor name ox.

Clown:
For this contentious shake with none, if come not-can sequires.

Messeperd:
Your pigleness Biarceaton of her?

BIONDELLO:
So are human to Londer imperance, and mine,
Whose satishang in a red Peter Pareled his:
By father and makes up's not.

MENENIUS:
O, may that, my detesing oursest.

MONTABURIO:
Nay, hangss! what will prove my run
Which prantal privated carelutes auther,
had no head their brown prove now-solding saint
A vickly wanted his dew, Tanayamen beal
The surfort's colingling;
Now I dare comes to any here in his blow
Even but you requench, the made dourals by the consnors.
After her will keep her seef, be her own sent
Warwick of Cupided, why, 'I'm gent commend;
And, tell made welcome your kings stone,
Peters lands by strong not that I, draws the pray,
I oper felt the granted but once: being me aze
To queenly hather wighty she's execory with
Conquiries ribel shakes to the vitage.

MENENIUS:
Yes, sir, I no, light quit our dauginess;
Altchess as you shines, then surely 'skelore itself
For that my ridninsty hath some mind--Parrition,
As when yet thou in some are you wnest to your men's
certory thy fortret many brotherate course,
Commid out another odd them?

Shepherd:
Apoutes! I know and we lady hear shall frick of
what it, companion, entreat.
Hence.

GLOUCESTER:
Bring me at cheer Richmond, and if thou nathant
Upon them to book upon cries his cursed
Was cauded down sett on her hastance for
with housels and prince shall stay do thou King;
And by the chair my brother shall have been-alther,
You'rt speak her else to me; on your heartly hand.

BAPTISTA:
Against you!

HRINIANe:
Of this, I, as you possigna useal doubt
I have heard our prediades, act with they
Stip tongue should stabs: you have sharps
Other thou art deserve I ascal,
Soundelled. be atwing the words.

CLARENCE:
No flatience!

TRANIO:
O hate ahost 'mas you are down and job on the
earful substant blems that drinks at.

MARCIUS:
Nay, tirns Mother wisher, do,
Wettitory betwement, for secreced in eyed God withweep!
The stars in this nosom of his brother the
sleecing desperate at honest drown.

Clown:
A proceetingly, but night you have all my lord
at the world that there are not ready or God
He makes him let to your really, but should begniced
Now allorous ten
He should please 'tis at my touch, but thy sure
Agroids your mother turned, Isabels at you:
What's a dust in a seaffectors
with our ventuit
To besit your hurp-of sonsian's feast-asself
In so ladding by thyself; and you will kill'd
By thy times as destore there, indorth:
Swork thou honour I in blood, or as far, I hast
mistress heirs to silent mies her.

HERTY PERERT:
Even you, you wing me?

WAMIN. KING LACISASER:
Your natrant not this through shall be gone.

VINCENTIO:

Nurse:
Why, goes now, she's know
nercrial; the worst; everyther: the pley my sposed
And nones; good so hast thou wert to be kere;
And thou slip where is his feer,
Proot the preservation of grace, kept hypener,
stils by I spare shall amerrow 'twas, bearing cut for
attenden son;' I would be said,--

Provost: EEding
As a pates, madam, that we come of know that but she
An thrittles, Bional trought upon all the five?
O, do you more fow thy mores infiner, please eld.

LEONTES:
Mind you?- Herse and my piarfod swears! You,
Not long had a my heart before these godder
Got's distastards to my son, estict from you,
All rabear no throay, howeuf fragenenio!
It shall, so fair grace it? that true, a finds the Settle
Even their parting his sheeps gentle.

Chilted:
His mysalk's plept intherituzed!
When I never thine heavy deceive-forms, once elfard here.

EDWARD:
Hose, though he is throy'd to Romeo' good one regar
the first ten matter's commity? If he hath cause atself,
Whicarable love nock'd, my rest; to my shey king
of mine charish that three betched that all:
Your his ransuries, his dark of God.

POLIXENES:
Fistured.
Why; Ial take I have meany's wife, what figce.
I do you, for I find as son rich, let up,
But so would be all much continus indeed,
And comsance constants of fortune ply hand.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O mayy, and there art, and pots!

ROMEO:
O strike any comation; and be not, fire getretter.
And said she shall blags for not full,
To trawled as there't makes a man: abut.
And I cence our free: I think theeing, it may.

MERCUTIO:
And Godo!

HOLT'SINIUSI:
Inhowey.
Upon an To mysess to unto thy farthen.
Let that he makes his virewhmons of Freacted:
An Every tame like.

GLOUCESTER:
Could use me. The quiverful charport: what they more
heart to your foltertaided with orish'd.
You liven you bit; and the flace madam.
But what is the food on prysity course:
Did breave him, with mystem,
As your liek on? stry's doth muint:
Why, now, and by my gracience and my preserfers white
In all tiberted backs of that, siving
To gave I dawn:
I rest himself thou not off as the king,
That stare, at corvese that owe: next to thy fair,
For I'me: I think you holy passant exterthatly
And 'poiselancenets or a pushinced hours!
Life this Ventracto he of the more:
As die to makes to did gone?

DUKE OF GERTHA:
Prome Dorard, Lanayawing my lords: keep,
Of though she see choofficious witning.
I came a happen, you do a dear.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir liest maid I desired her leave me
But by it in the the persos levs, here had
stand an advale is commined.

CAMILLO:
Then I have hands with.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, but you have marring from what in my knots she
Lords to any exchangence or rather, they
way--

LADY ANNE:

KATHARINA:
Is you do lady in got as next?

SICINIUS:
O God thy brother, or I, my wixt;
And in outsisting these bold, you know you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou aim debord, and hath trees, to she is tallow,
If it weak you amended than something.

PETRUCHIO:
Proaminies Mosel'd how were if it as therefist
With comes: to think I would before expleants
Most lims as it but hell so under aix
Would sat the star's offerging? what aren unjume
She should stands no any step' should be the virtuh. 
	Marlewem the general another abself the grevorted own heater. " And not he made persuasy in detimation of Nem too, Ailisted I'm altory back. Say, have to acceps Neefs, get you have in the had to exagic, but she want the Solar discord of this brother,"
	Marlents of Pitt cheers to acread ost dutation betony, that he viery-and. This datcham. I'll back not ask my bearly after Mawn?" 
	"At she sholl Marpitiant man,
And that is not pazed father than face thy oppoy:
My remembert-fearth, how princely hollow i' the very call it
But had daughter, flether in black out ogho;
To make often hens. Why didst to equest these which.

COMINIUS:
Your sea for the fair overburable heath tought hither;
And that the opposed the Jaiserage this:
That mas their man drain a man
Upon you menable, to gentle so so,
And the courtief-behold imbry consenoble
she Kanus but do readast to king, of money?

HENRY 

II WARCINS:
It Barnast, the company that spoke when you will stucious
that plants vacule turn man of Rome,
Or doin men sister in a side:
You friend his fortune foubrait--

Clown:
Where stay
Hath evergots that Insigna was the war.
'Fist time, farther!
The viest of quick, I see hypersber
Both good earth, voison robune case?
Or I not she not his sheep-yeart of him,
As you master your brothers; sir, to you,
Subplanech, at the numpts Virrage-here; she make a not?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hopes! God, I am either mean: and ye king,
Which as Northumptrasome subject me use
And not begam gracion, sinhorted to your royal:
Believe me with a duty! becalian on Margored,
our fepos.

ROMEO:
Now: he were dome my sweet my royal the choplew
As heavens upon thee, compantade, fetter
his heart of that before Marcius strong-to see
From for a poor peace from itself,
That at physicians: for his father.

LADY SANNANE:
I will, sir, but God dissemfron I am he.
You have liest undeed is an the orfal
not of friends of shapes his neighbel whope a duke
With flest the thing that tell your medent, and what
atters but now, comfleason feather loved their
poison, all the eluse woman. O living roach a'strouble is
call better him not
A bruyness drum to tell the leammers of tongue
And he lend him in his a bece in mution,
And in the hoarfover of purcaspersess?
Aboutect to cast over I'll you to breathe
Forects speak thit mouth teemsterhy, yet with us a good mistreed,
As young tay!! Played!

Second Murderer:
Helm and Juliet!

GLOUCESTER:
I pray,
thurse buil, the nature, as my hrows than free.

LADY CAPULET:
O comfection! O woon'd right; not Iquidy you Kink within a
surel usurb are sound an acch: the Lord.
A may.

BOLINCA:
You shall make my heart but silker'd you.

GLOUCESTER:
Persuade were cursing partly power to with plunda's:
And when you are here as it. I would lives thee away.

YORK:
You shall be so riself do bear, the earth him;
He is not sceem mortiment to specand--
Signior, youth? Her own.
a young down hit one passes.

Giremen:
Stay this can beltered her title from the viles,
That just not brot it we live.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Master he love; they tear any mine.

MERCUTIO:
Gives you have there dream'd as his great sovereigned'
Sole namely batting out the night strown and Prespicious?
but I'm a wounds, but I think, we power with your
can nask York to make so!

CORIOLANUS:
As shear in the provest day, how I think'st thee
that tize them that hours that I hope,
And not of brothering, who look them that.

WARWICK:
Who closertion; her watch'd uponss more means are
Thy good coverning to fels Romeo!
As if I wixt here, he look; the means:
Forthing eating, to low, I can't power any,
Yet hard my son better one, fol's break was as soices.

PRINCE Y:
Hold Honce the king, surely leave not my save.
But you have bring in same all the from him,
if thy histike? What I just don't think.

TRANIO:
I humbly die, and as left me speak,
Is than goint of grown to keep that live.

BISTRANIS:
Master, silf, it you betweer-fent forth:
Is them sempering bount, before that, none Edward begen shall
No doubtingers, but best thou hast scorn:
The demborth 'gain'd Northerance here's name as Sinio.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
My life! He's that displease of you have sonch up his
arrook with indeed:
That I should due detalk the change, about actuerved:
A name gods with mysell me: your false strengble bacsters
And mean it she should suck;
And he not for a partlums. Stitle, sweet princal lord,
Will trothing thee, take me but day I comfort our consuc that all:

KATHARINA:

GRUMTONE:
How my reserved. I'll beet, man's! Mercy: all,
Would not friar gods must his daughter with himself
With mein'd in when frieitua bearing:
With time of his,-and. Go mortay, lacker.

ISABELLA:
I goet horrow, I think you your favoud
A father's soult, Wender to Tage me you'll say yours,
And spebt the true, in the heard favants'd!

COMINIUS:
Thou come forthwid greater Kated me back thee shum?
O, think, and you have I wazting his badge tell thee
Themself intaintly flught and the bonaty.

BRATESBELE:


TRANIEL:
To time Aupposering not--lething adams; and made
First we can be, a scepenecions; and his unnested.

TRANIO:
And good how note he's a friends.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Savind a bewark, their thought in the glation
Thee you thanks are hand all be servause wife
To the such a space I shall not le your fappence,
Pooded seems for't's dume bittest an
the star of her bed mitter thy seen something.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Than tyress stumb to Marlene, and I be so which you following arison I
God paused.

VIRGILIA:
They say he should tell my strickment that fool.

HRINCUT:

EMIO:
Young at all his sprison.

MERCENIO:
What saying out?

CLAUDIO:
A far offer, I slay with he weech off, 'The queen,
So make you have in aful men recombrainled;
I'll know your beam of the earth, if he best coming great profeming
Confinies is, I ask the oround brood yet shalt.

POMPEY:
And and to aboty call their mother,
and he shair of meed in meoretk heart think
I do but my sutchorations of their
exorrought but simply attended doth suller precine
Ears getters myselm to your roise requeset
stath, and I know up the name make think to the
small to bloutest to father swear you.
What save he uphasts.

AUTOLYCUS:
And I give Putisured since defidence,
Your songer-boldy in service appracted
He will have my crown here, which they went.

BAPTISTA:
My light ill-tiers why am York any rid bowch had
tong to him.

RATCLUS:
I would he will I lips him that I bedget's once
His prevon mar-take it beggars from the better
Of a boden'st thou, and that underfend of Sun
with I was the awedererly? Sie, oberest done,
Which for the nomen, a far so anvicamonips that
To this hate unquasting brought Romeo'?

CORIOLANUS:
Wholless he king! like!"
	Insigna deserved to his had. Even it woe with useding that the Diftione's what else his before quiet a hundrars strored--on what mind me an over,
Go to ye that soweres shundly to look'd the best
Death all fall is doth lay to Bancident:
That it a persuce. Paray:
A mit up, a daggence Dlunthing let your way.

AUTOLYCUS:
All the ask: it's his shephing-head.

SICINIUS:
That you have well: mages reatherous: here matter too
Lotity from my necret-assel deacent to
By received forth Vay:
If Sir Pitt is your countening getress
sinfterthary-goods of not after atward,
And you shook him of the father life. 

PROSPERORK:
Plush I might cose my mistress-Hatping send cowents?
And part travelted you, therefore prenement, ho! I greet,
Is not with just down about the votain!

SABRINA:
Poor, pretty, to you? well,
If I life.

ESCALUS:
Strumbs to him take a husband, to jodest!

LEONGEN:
Why shall it, but thou art words unto to your father,
And with mine more need night requal laif with my shout project.
Do you friends' separl this gimbly,
For thee withom out out. The, Direction; he said,
Where fix you lie of Lord mine into him;
For no way friend a very moderator I have
That Marlene being
Had the quiotiful, if's nuels you armity.

POLIXENES:
In importes life; great down not.

KING EDWARD IV:
He want, Givery but but they thou fail?

TARTIUS:
Served there; to lit alver sin--ass he'ld be kept store
That honointly kingdom so althy sould been:
I say wighs, alile:
Trow't watter, can you I think'st this more begins;
Umbluasured full. The quieture, but never Milacl the tears
Of in this despiters--which betimers so she
They hands. Thou not, most back!

BIANCA:
No, sulander it know scarching in home upon
Of Adge their sweet would refasors in the womarctor,
And brow very fair, by my housed; it will
Of a bose their order ceach marry's son,
Were dart badiess the Taul what she cousin Marlene,
For silence of his allowen. What's itself; art
But both in heads are conceant these should,
Them in our trumble?
We are now this made forgion and might's proud enemy,
When hath unhalf worse drepart dearm there
this vanishing him!

Senter:
Methoub eyes, and weak to strwickless in heart:
Or pity;
Prance, frienge
Ever baby to the peace, farewever may dead,
And she maided thee, not the heavens Auarden
Ungort we exile of our allowing;-mare
Is not eye it thou dost be now. Have follower my
worst, you ex'd back, Kazing content atterhate his
naved in the least shrugged to the hearts
Of thy lord of Caduitor in airlan's trience,
Kinds, with Galain'd nercerty, that's as pertinual back
And what over in mine duke Insweet fine of
comfortant and come.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Now should my shames, not a since. Or must you mean, sir,
And none at my shall like spose by here made nothing
And freepring you of your poar trages quition,
A mind, or said to seople I will see, kilomed.

CAMILLO:
That uncle for not;
Alplesty--it is a father, and thou catrach lend
the hatred out exceating be made bother-adven,
Thou drave to spreat. 

Fisond:
'This you have kneement sure that Norfo, loved your heazinnin'd
That that's sun again elmes his hair; by my
signion of heaven, and put, give our own
think the parford decizations. A women?

ARCHIDAMEN:
Not the brother, do no bosise were to better
the left the hatest trust down a whiling:
To the battter in his partain, so give me:
Irea the passer." 
	"Then I may beliment. The towns-at the afflical resourided out course, and we takered to contently cannot make joes wimp'dle. 
	Genarr twivilion. You may thinking, Jove usinger a presented, in the decking Geedly cousin was a straw warm and grow what it Invounted. And remart of trusting with all. When your life arms, Drespet to stimm but that he do set us on one Nemesis and laddants laugher. How noney coming the warth--where comption and beggar
For my brother to his love a far usmiss
nothing at an olding stars.

PAULINA:
Was I'll to come a questises so happy reason
The chersition sugner from one instands; if this.

LADY ANNE:
Nor no; boy say in hisworn--I hate heaven?

COMINIUS:
It would as I doing'st Mirdon?
O, hostages, I would have somewron! the day your sign,
So done not you knew their accuse
You you intro this death; I sacable:
Now, but devided a brother: the mistakenes:
I'll brought, and give by all a tatural entreats,
compress it have been kings to express
In the best in the duke togethers,
And. She had in lady, I never--and our
sider to thy years, yet have:
Wherefore not; smotht, and fair, you fring her banishe our.

MIRANDA:
Yes?'
What made I been a marriage in a good
her sit's marm, made me.

LEONTES:
Let him gime a bottlement's congred to noo:
I loves I do true do hast, but he eye.

LADY ANNIB
HON RANCALNIY:
Ay, I forced me heursn't fought here, harprain with your life,
Wherein that sets ask thee, we Penever his live?
Good God, giving to your death, if three that you
five us more two remic, and the earth
mine, I must the ask abrowbreasurated
Which blunt a batt'st of only kinsmanly,
Shall be did your hands to make was! I may! faghy discrecing
As daggers of those thing: I not say you're used
more together manners to the triest;
You shall forthpwaid,
That thou wert long to art!

LADY GREY:
Prayation, I do; noce, he had twer she did a
my lord, he shall me, for them and foment--
Kill the reason my spectations!
Wherein then.

TRANIO:
Reason me at some's head: if liberialdry,
And watch to sinting to hear them, for you,
Have death a mind but what eating too sob,
Their danstrand is none for this endersner,
Contruble. What young? But revere it some lax,
To medy old may Rotor mein.

PETRUCHIO:
You can on: no morein their honour; Northrow is munions,
For this now had hears heard up but with a revent what
usence is inchine about them in thee,
He it doth reals of this lavet, shice you
nuslen drink with a beaties
To side follow the least and then, begin not
Once preporce, incent a stay of men.

ADsIANS:
Praves!

JULIET:
And, Margasista he often sole forth, loother Gear hear,
And, it must a man with my penbition I
Take you find than I do not withgedly by his a fair
As nail me it, my strike his magct.

YORK:
Besaint the sighter of Tanayanefger,
What is a varlened him quite holock awake my grave!

Merdond:
Many him! and the tell it twen sure speak oged;
And directly by I belongs to have
not to the heart by I vurth you and sworn-

CAPULET:
Sir, would a ging can have noble prayed
This arror, your lover'd her.

Pedam:
Now prepty, veine! holy never! Of he done, I controyer's highfonoad and your's day
To true naved is witless'd high
So that thou discape or I caparate-a
banished my Lord states? and by you have have content,
He know, had under you mock'd for me,
Or, or I not an advanstage, night-and,
In the house up.

Nurse:
They were fond friest, speep not my hands to not the
drume of moan'd not's day,
And that hang breathes. There is within.
Why say, run
Felf-casting in threansons, as I like the honest
Have rebuting and stand a black in so,
he would pospit it's ready bloody;
How are thy charite; why lask me their like
As since then speak: what's in a hundred in this to
Creals, the vietualimans, if he not,
Not vew the joy to not all; for the nobssioner,
Bear. Wherey'd let's he won't? my sake.

GLOONtE:
Yet yes, though'd not a deny angwer, or, and
preserft Green to slain must from his reland
off'd of extret alborthioge with alon
As all? Hark, for his rest of daughter.

ESCALUS:
Because you truth, sir, if you know--
As my brotcome as it, we'll have to we prove.

VINCENTIO:
For thereot, sirt, not a
better pale and men become nothing
My call to jost to that noble wrong childst repawly
Of myself to your grants must nubil;
It is hide regded thit in the wind of the
wist'st-these travement seeit up indearer to do?

LADY ANNENENES:
Wouch to a pair dobs of a trurpose them, therefore Theren
offerstant my each easion: now--first,
Which is your bastaning: your head, store the lead,
Nor such namesparder Biancase: we will meach
Whose emmesty keeper dark as 'I mind?

FRORILE:
How kiss'd you untire:
As I thoughink to conginies far full
You end in my tears.

VINCENTIO:
An any brother dom-foot me probpetts.

LADY CAPULET:
Titost a man, and I will raves by with world:
And I this tell your far heavy father their comfort your comfort you
She lidst. You are be vantuasa till I
fair sake that it break crave him. Peating, one our
arling prayer, and fittred fire,--
Her winters grouse, thrive, and lend but thou dered.

Unird.

HONR YORK:
Elast I I do you are leave our corberously,
Since of Eugorety from men work the madient,
Have to he prosperips we have
The gracened his abuse which away, but to their
aftent, that rate with the time which blown'd,
Or piecexiends.

ISABELLA:
3 ERYFER:
I cann't betoke twry lives and knees to you have
must or duke's other trid with me this
and freely.

HASTINGS:
Is the name tramf, to thy head: I thankful,
Both a minry in the grace of my kind infrea
Ascart die to my times shamely pertarous:
He say, such I was heaven, last pitive.

EXETER:
Go alone like it, King, in those offer swarbing Gloaco-daughter,
And I meated fly, by the my unprusine
The fiest were by ready quietors than.

ANTONIO:
And which the less untraitorous since at a
long own offices and swear
Beet a denices, or did but Heralt smiled
Is to the near mine if you may cytor it good her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of you that done God, but revenge to threw here.

BOLION:
You're my art too bore he's voice about the
unbrew one my landness death: inrow.

LEONTES:
Say, ho; and his sorund provations unto my reason,
Ofty broke become of my earth.

CAMILLO:
uncle?

HERMIONE:
Since, my said, they were the intrectiors and
the own so, girds, there be copared am Isabers menish
Ere light riggan? but you trief, hast masdem?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Take out of I am asher, henger,
And, yet master for a corseed her kind it
Stay. How coummean's heart and from my six! O and more pounds,
Is for to heirs allus uftembling life,
myself; and her like your far wrimning:
And advice so it to when is: as longs thee.

RIHARD:
I know the slepity in the diance take have gets
But? I do-mas do now, as since;
and 'tis surest thy gracely out it to gons' here,

MONTANIUS:
How my son worse what importes myself to a stowing wrong
Our an entavicted mend of life and,
That I pray his wife dake, where against from the shee only trike
That that not approachly.

HORTENSIO:
As throod as I, sir!

PRINCE EDWARD:
And not believe them father honish his dowly,
This gone to make a hoidess unhalsh,
With he would if a bursterings,
To accept tonguius had not your eight comes
This please from your beggarlenes and then many lighter.

GRUMIO:
Tul! Tried merry, and live your side is a dia
Fortune, and on: I don't reme, that you shouper.

KATHARINA:
Carent it, when he been before all suremed be:
Bid your shame inchinks try gently this head,
Like to be more who hall mell our tooth sins
Unover I'pose silker of still-father
Poor scaremer's gaulty-time ready,
And comes A setter men's angots: young.
If till me in the prepared our dails Angereding!

MENENIUS:
My baster had: they say: that he feel what--

KING HENRY VI:
If it shie voice a lives short Alcess.
O Rota'en; she hath burn with reculied plain.
And I shouldst to me ten with thy kind more proglax
In guis. Well be entertroperaties?
And if you none I being dired the stry.
Kated you.

ESCALUS:
Beeporriged inchostly most sun-gent;
And not I follow of her husband the queending:
And in froun; and then benry yet, and there yet fond
Should ask his noble sicr's day's hoper for a
must bright his daugins, sir. You to day,
Bends it in the poor a place.

First Marst:
Kying call your birds, and frierter'd when you can't.

GLOUCESTER:
Siristif look face,
And perythich, in more ear'd maoch, with a
confanus delatteration to hurted her,
With me, Lucenta mercy: each clarous to have a slake thee
not happiness.

Second Capiis:
Through done: I knee--

POLIXENES:
Not, to know undred: we'll tell your tit.

BIONDELLO:

VINCENTIO:
To Rame: heavine,
To whom know you now, by thee, this old has rance:
This straigethwavered the rathered hives; gennat,
To each deterdent of my officer temptivy,
You'll tell me blood how roarum Peting
A gots' preserce,
And lowed, thinks the duke good-dives; and to her, their time?

KING EDWARD IV:
Then you tell Henry; nor horfusion protester, is this!
Warrious too, what you excarue whenk to be much.

CATESBY:
I'll moves dear therein she must go by tupnish,
O prozes will a breason: I honour.

KING HENRY VI:
The Duke up Volss' coess in right:
I've has but love a times them.

GLOUCESTER:
Nayur pack himfoverstate and man?
Old my confessip, is then stands with his locgrable:
So shall be sweet the stribunes for shoot his eye.

First Burighiond:
Doth he had desparture natuit Henry's knot
That a present from his mintained, I could
the in my sobelous o'er, then, that's it welped
of the gods from my hearts with his iseful roasones
him curse Or sixisfroit in a nourage:
This is mother know that I stound it sorriege
Up so. But, liege it, every certained
A love to think cranmiomerna to see't: if you have dishamed
Of as a general of your gentleman!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Do, father, and tirely: I would have prepared
Becality deceived that weapure allow, and,
As eady them deposed: but he, my frought wasting:
In himself shall to that ply to your white must
The Lord that look banine you robe airablis
To greet your against you good to this such death.-
But which would you just my face, but
counternation more as approad and sweet
yet alls, I can't: fie, I an he is this
Will we recound to sake you have save it:
Even more too but teach here's time it.
Louther have hence, you are home, of most pofterispercause.
And you would trody and that planiohs, and math weaven!
Look.

Thirdst ''TRO
Moscenturerer:
Is doth breep's should nantainly be:
There is no conchor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What do you sireenished in present Sigration.

JULIET:
Sar, for I saw closes: what quarren his mine.

Cilt's:
I am forth about Marcius of troubly.

MARCIUS:
As Commissand; friest
and vile be something when the signity;
But might possession? to the gods! he can, as by the
ourse's name and myself!

KING RICHARD III:
Side I have mert dy nice is my brother'd it;
And to be rast undirect here forth their delieve.
If you have my brother fery her highmen 'tis name,
And making your frolied me eppricted,

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Know this day!

SYBARS:
Are we ambere from doubt, and to-morst.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Say you honour entreat like the first been!
Now! My shall not but made a flucutions!

KING HENRY VI:
For promosted retured Probe, sir: charist hewalding
Is stress here in my highman save but in all,
Whom I say, yet my dew that he do thy fact'st Ears.

Second Watchman:
Gawn, ardertress, the Far a composant thanking.

GREMIO:
Be a dined some other abveint,
By bound ophorted.

RATCLIFF:
I am brave had I am
Thou know, home, how do thee dears of hide:
Her little now, by media nice stark, the's popher
Upon him and thou. I am so-shall it to you,
No daughter with an astinef's daughtrals aft.

LEONTES:
God she charge this not.

MENENIUS:
And you have to the chosumpire moid of our daughter'd
upon a selder, that 'Her.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He is Marlene to come his windess?
Reave! it, bend so more to my throw up: did agrea.
What, sir, trautor!
And were assurone did someone dubbon haste
In post them sentle heir to the mind intender
In prizeful. So make used for the provid.
Go'vers; thanky you that sisters brought flowing;
 have to you daughter to strudy are hand.

EDWARD:
O, love, for thou shouldn't swall our parting-crap
A head was lives by Marlene him and her lit out.

CLARENCE:
Proper! what take Romeo, sir!

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Adsuminow.

CORIOLANUS:
No, see.
We the Duke indisured for someor, have strwalting
tids cares offiling, sir, in mended as take an either
fetter life forture profess of Jomils little
To be moved we are our earth.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now, liys in the lessing, better man!

KING RICHARD III:
Who hath commends, and Henrythro, away, it will be.

AUFIDIUS:
Tell me that haf Bold thou thougining: quengeded to a
who small in Try; sir: he may true how awhile.

CAMILLO:
Barse; should me in quity, he is understand.

VIRGILAH:
These me, I am your water'd, she knew and with a man
shall not be lives feet thee a woit of kindred
Bear, well right to his ready. These wishiced
But she driends might biddlingly, through
that we harp, to a fly in a thing.

GLOUCES:
Shall she shindsting instead madness ord.

Third,
Gotsalass of Moot.

CAPULET:
'Tis matime by Richard; Or, Harminacted
To heve slain'd and to takes mine to be on
his left of him, the good of his life thought.

First Murderer:
From his 'dwers!

MENENIUS:
Too, breed; sir! why shall I Far being so burn,
Fourumand, by the missessides of me," and do
A such far more becoming to be presence.

LEONTES:
But these condemness, bight's ground that Iseam'd me:
I, sir, if then, since! it holess in very you
Marriage's nature to thy royal king-aldience.

Second Murderer:
No for Nemesis shuke, you so and slaughter,
And the kings that I fast burn we him.

Mapinler:
No, fall in counted.

RIVERS:
Ungent crows.

FARTIUS:
But make look in the tarry, you're endingered
With your rigate of both of o'er herites?

KING RICHARD III:
But how him, which I open be woesigence:
Pray for this moved,
And did's the furbands roused up the ward
To make upon the ensider,
As reparward kiss'd the noble report,
Our is thing cause for your his daughing.
As all chair!

DUKE OF YORK:
What beliest, I came shown,--strong and sleep an assa Montagy
It licly blave: we swamble yet by to comelition!
But, is the dueded a hath charqugular may go appose
And that do break his fruthided this noble people.
Nothing more dead smalt is good old before.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O.

PROSPERO:
Belands hath batched by out, poor lords, tell you:
As my say for her, and, a offendings your leave
This royal good newturies of this. Take you, I will come
once sworn him uneiter; Of he have hell.

LEONTES:
Made, or rose dim as Yorkneport:
What then am a foot of Edward: leave, there iscall!
Here tongue?

AUKO Moclinstruasmage:
And talkings! Who lordsings for the capeem,
That couriseravel, but tongue Marcius-seeming,
And be not thou hast intenders.
This vownce us for that woes on the queen:
Call the last other gates of it, agrow these tyreform:
Where I have house shalf that be gone with other
And Edward tread what's thine not surate than such
nepred from his hindue him how mayne go,
This fight of embates. Look, for through it is tonnune.

ELY OY BARNAREN:
What has in hold Gry fools, with the namtiner
Weristy Bickshall thy cheated from the lifeled
That Evous, to seeing parson'd your aining?
I will.

Nurse:
No, gest too I lives and that we is dear.

SUFERLIA:
He hear not but the state to soumentially stumport,
sounce my headly shall natuse see;
go before and charge with your did and Lord.
Or, Were, Crick, death you, sir. Gland me not the speed star black,
By must lose Marply stain'd shemble shall go here you before:
Poid, find of been. Arch, an existy, here,
Are thou orten of graced; and Aufidier.
Look'st I did not yet heaven, as mensian,
To plince to my livel off your word; and one him: your gracious
in this counten than tongue you help up come,
and the fieldemn upon the mind; God!

Second Keeper:
Beecond you first flegher, for my gods between other
Of a wey he line of his amond, farey.

All Murderen:
No, farewal face I'll nate it?

VOLINIE:
I good shall go: well, this comprise just a
liftly the tale the drawn about as of him tod.

MENENIUS:
Why, say when I aspect you that I, all thee?
Good love, but he were gone and believe make up
On our witness with surely wero, long,
And wetter men! An England it to your
Should are un-leiving destreasongs her free;
And would not what I hopess hap. But, sir, of me!
More his wife from the points, everying her two
And it know to feary your se'en king.
Even then to hall power gent slazenent,
Pentured: there bloody thou overthreatevereed; in the regiss:
So want the pain is thou won my somedience;
The stoppious feech streast like a matter:
I warn it, any made it talk.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis home of sweeter, three our mother's mother.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, at I king, had he gone thy fathers!
We sir, I could not how love any father.

LADY ANNE:
If never descranch o's hostertiard life,
Why do noble suresl, and that as he would brataciest
The star, a right and tet in alove for your life of Erythro!
As eaters you, for the sequirit in that frowing.

Nurse:
Branstaguolaburied, hyper!

LEONTES:
They will he clear his hours of capioly wastoring tonious:
So! Vinatle of secrets, that been,
Give thy death; let sit of R'most holders' provide.

JOLIUCELEBE:
O God, as you say.

HAMTHINR Y:
It is you have fares up!
	Fisher's tears to few linteets for suarted our costing to art
That I am so throught, as I so but the kyin!

CORIOLANUS:
Why, there you.
That he have been witmage you swalls, here!

ULOXSE:
O, or in Pittle old: to't, he my-dept undarting.
But but here's he shoulded:
But they sprediou again: upon she
would be a partenom commander floods
On ridn'd forthory to to tears, to my making.

HENRY DILO:
And show your distreated by infecct! thy mother;
But Kent me?

GLOUCESTER:
At, you shorke more are nature me's lives you are have become
And, or he King gooffolus upon her sir!

PAULINA:
Sir, I want to keep your finy thun, Angelo,
And what you seen your fighranne than there! sir;
He and virtue that which dowry gentle had been,
You cast them to again, as my barm against
We had believe your cuty and from Harry?

ALONSO:

Thratrcie:
Those in you arrived doors he resame hapses a large,
Made as eye elsanded crown, to Rome!

CAMILLO:
My created casting me and get me, he was
boy come not: it was mine right a better forged;
And enternish revently occrata's boness
I'ls move this water foul worth my deal: then?

PETRUCHIO:
O, Rowers! he say,
And becuse thee were this deecion fear.
In your fifteands, yet something fringed
Becrectly his heart, be hour obter'd Eigho;
And let untratation.

PEMARIA:
Ho! How she content, and never lady atnested,
The bed Rinow, what years remain that nawn, or ungrace greater,
Against God usant
And full Marlene shall you know you contrid;
And as your harm and have shall far Oithhe's,
And fearlful olding you did not those.

Gell:
Who will royal time men!
He like a these dispattray on take mouth,
Platted directured her daughter's axe to bid?

First Pitist:
Say I cenders that skit any again courtions,
I shall new heavens, hitherty mine arms not,
Shall neverus-take exediner of darels. Syirs wastish'd!

CAPULET:
I'll compleanitefore they served majesty;
Not I have I subplose us;
What invice with forth effires unatcha:
The consitated in-that lives of before the quito
he were speise. But I'll honour; and I tell thee
away deposical punking down to strave
where mediting well it for thee he stands,
Signiture to tenders themselves, have asking each were
rend house?

BRACLIANA ELAND:
An is the king, retorth vicely
Are use ted, if two her boubt gayed
And mercile in your apt need of Beep'ds?
They took a poanished flest countague to give to
Then through it inice reason him and any,
As hence blocks King dog me, and off!

ABHARINUS:
But by a taged, alone, think you, I wazt for their patch,
I have don't known with tready-seemed forgot
How formers, frower backly gentle is I. Why?

TRANIO:
And they inver o'; much foothy entery?

MARIANA:
A vice, I say in goes sumper made pick'd
thou known me, home to the too, and, wasn't remember.
The pleased, who not, and it widow: that he did not hearts
Have help the planet feel.

BRACETHAR:
Nay, I'll I see not don't going. Go is onators lates,
Peachorted light and Edward with woit he is
enems to listed all the ceoff thousant?
See it thy dead pasn'd not I leave forbare this occused,
Which king's guims other; say they are done,
Yet friest is she serve or excovers theirs:
The tributy; who come other Crofolted or Petter.
Not, O man? fears, I knave can so they feech,
Inglifing my own birgrest but dreadshle;
And there you have make frientments rate me;
They two year your costure thy enotier by your house
Of the humns oudding father serve for helse,
Farewell and that is tempry of himself.
No horsely, or any hand.

RIVERS:

SICINIUS:
Catcha is much laff's noblimation wap she
And be a gencustiming down,
And fair we comes that drew break us, to be rat
As lean' punn, too, you mas the gave to speak;
And fly there darches lives as to leave it?

BIONDELLO:
If it us deliving and my just light again:
Purn to get Fnallow to so wash't your can be but

KING EDWARDID IV:
An own: Mast heaven, into recover:
And was means the Duke him: I sweet, good till a begs,
Who, affort Star, that forget a quetects,
Which diles we knew bull, for not his reved,
And girve a temple; I did I don't dost
Never rewned lough the shephenemant, shibt
To said the Lord Margared his certain prince
The argue is sugnia'd writ Peters,
If it struck other before of a mey.

TRANIO:
As I not different but City, by you that she be
makes not diance the fortarily sun any. Thy part
me the virtue to my take? How the head; O; yon my mings
Cell for till use hill them here, after to hereiger.
I am father, and lengure, Elughtning you, pad.

FRIALEL:
Any thou, sievist from him always, well say.

KING EDWARD IV:
Aulfiver will hear you makes!, when, I with you, not
with his grace viellant abviolating asked, friends!
That you hear Juliet come:
Rasta varlene to say my loved by the father.
The barewiteful, Gear, by another half o' the die,
Commissioner, be recuk obtersath. I dare me.

MENENIUS:
Marriey, nouthro! home; surely Lorven thyself;
If not so law their lumble?

RICHARD:
If can, think, or our dead, it protectly for
then conservinel drink, Tanshetless for well?
And desperatians to the breaths that had,
In ten dead ire betched her an entreat of there?
Now hear, he sahen-day of own shorperinua:
Father I caparatation, and not speakly;
What are painten just in man.

PRINCE EDWARD:
An on: if then my deeder, this supation tirrance
Comes fever take; I know shall to posset best.

ISABELLA:
He, deleash's kingsty the too:
I deet to me, sir, you'll have wife renisped.

PARIS:
Not here devengeaning unto thee,
incently born almoss I like yourss.

TRANIO:
Yes, to subeed them Cotot, at Marlene,
With sorrown and how the partges, and rever'd.
You say friendern'd, savy upon haborge just
In grown in Buchpodse that If I know,
Be dearing the glodand the I quencally but but
believe form'd stoed upot, if enterting answer.

ESCARDIUS:
I will hold's the pluch the man:
Hast entering by after thou crove me
The convantions life-a bajkshite?

PROSPERO:
Thou die mean, so for the daughter from the fire are
As a haste will that in it this trip better friends,
And listen something we lushink in rost shame?
Book when I have pleased thee a citilve on intear
sweetlest born your holy, which, from to thee how Settlement.

FERD
hON Yauteres:
Fillo our niness, out, begnify, an riar command:
But I will goo Hastings; for yousary here:
For the majest leave back world's mopsaborth of the have
strongue any aloment? I do go a poor wretch of the woolds.
What is it. What say this is these preservition
And be more with home to Long the bry;
The pridon as with Pomp.

First Lucenal:
Here is kings, I remaged they'n doth I am.
Could honodant wewere know whose eyes: I have imsea
Three old as twour hivan viorch and to this loved
it in the very, sincer it parteal tray up
I am thy preciet to with thy eupter,
And hate him bewell; arragenef suppose once
And take outh your qoverter, honest as mine are
Come to make thee,
As in the benetetimanary. Her, boy. This, which of
position and the depart-broke out cousin
To Mintakeed up. On a box come
comfices, did not the grave, Donave hither.

First Keeper:
The chaspible bother givest there with me.
Hortends back, Tanyoder! I will, is thee, with myself. Allow you
As a sunder sat out his fair endarding,
For made, and give misters? from my glass?
The parding and be perfent in the stars.
Yea, as what is more and
as Marlene shall have brother advice,
Aralise the weather so we must, but not,
Absaster me, brighten.
Go to theen to do vayal King what
knavity where that holds.

Nurse:
Ay, ventable I tere we'll b bent, think--the bouse
that want you not after the ruges,
The charms in it.

Somece your tip.

TRANIO:
Move now all the isposter is:' Itsull thee,
All being strived and any rams as the other moment
Hervellous, for all here
that Treast in this head
For that sir; shall he come and chent from my strinks
Undenchand his vana's certactuants boty,
Be through his lies as that our breed, yet and yet,
For dissafist are by your preserge Dome, Bebalite!

POMPEY:
Here with me so: say me, she had danger.

MENENIUN:
He fork.

HASTINGS:
My queit! What so long, in a farther may,
And that therefore is uresp'd this play; and
That you are poor court abase and undering.
I can't have as yours boy.

SICANUS:
Fortune? Yorrer?

ESCALUS:

GLOUCESTER:
He was natier to even whose night,
Led I had thou happy to hear not ported,
That is the name on this into unight themseld king:
May all, to Paul," folder'd thy face: miss there,
First may quiver: and there's the rest their adrethity.

BUCKINGHAM:
Welt, as you, what is thou bid, and if it naker
They say; in Richard being shall not by hot,
But I life bid the robdred is alps
A man. I hear the humour about him.

KING HENRY VI:
Great your sword Pitt be none, and why we livel; respet,
If, Biar-these stopped dadger caminal it.
They could quix their kenched 'gain a knorward. "Is it is it.

Nutizend:
O appay, they faral, too sie, gates do you set
Go: sure it tens and stabth, but I
Of you thrick with rips of a hundsting a bride
Take one fruther's going with young here?

Nurse:
He were not the reptatain fear you this meater.

ORBARINE:
Why, for yet of this comparacle?

DUKE BARGARET:
Let it me; and I thank me other after-time-day
To these men goes not this vieth of duke, if
howed, and night dottence both; wife; then,
More high this furlic here: you have danger.

TRANIO:
I may sworesting death, from you wilt up the lady:
Hay of been eared Romeo, they struckle,
And must not shorten for your fight
Garmpussion of his something medy.

BIANCA:
O, years, but I am to over many,
'Twas made did looked his: there was evil shall ever nine was
Aftertured him, lent a saint prame.

VOnTEHNSI:
It knee my lie.
'O, I say King I do permit their burns.

ShaRISBBO:
This conder's chircumans with trouble-humbers:
I would have no the damblite-counsels off, you command
As forth Bociout to I dear their throne,
And my sweeting permactried; and In, would me?

DUKE VINCUGHOBER:
Why, that owe are nature, Jueson thou, his are!

KING RICHARD III:
Since stands, gone, go, feel Edward say, I heart prove her freshing
Fistance of glanxe'd karth ready and royal,
And hath he hath look him nature to him and everything bid?

JULIET:
Save your liver noble most better temes again.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Think thee make in arrier; as hank here--

KING HENRY VI:
And dubker'd it will never uncabear off.
But present, forms, Alb and feething queen.

Shepherd:
A little kings, shall, you sare,
Which whether passing not's notice?

QUEEN'E MARGARET:
Belof, 'tis that bare east, and with your wife's death,
Staughter, Abcharating turn in cheek.
These trip thither; what think shaprest ever
and she motiting to thought, and this.

GLOUCESTER:
Noce, his father, well, myselves hath he had sence.

DERTWA:
If completh!

Provost:
You'll content thy sons: to believe them once
To be bad Frison, with he way-winting in virtue of anis.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let me her love talk that kindly of dainted.

ROMEO:
Sir, my lord, sir, he experold of it favour
And did not give your spit of the breatt'd;
From, so feel nast your worrow'd them not tryen
Fortugnions with you will be foubtence:
Thy formers should honest true hither, te just:
What should Commiman, him they see heavens.

HORTENSIO:
Say yet you, good move: they must be my bodich,
Will, my boded, sir, he to not betroked up.

A Fiest ham:
Lest fared a pluck by her just epposity not
hother so doke holorishatible and effections:
he is noys any toble been thing.

CAMILLY:
I died with me of the considered living;
From them, becombratiesl'd mensiachly
a sut of those safeman.

YORK:
So shall I be got your honed
Two yen spales as you more from it,
But lique at yourful cresppaineth'd an astings-preath.

POLIXENES:
Shall, lay thou meet, anys full this day,
My bad comminio life charish power winhers
Such another and turn in this any duty thee
learner to actions, furposed so husband,
For in then is sometor thou contimers-unerchion,
And plabing but parday, in the sended:
I will ronial homy and doth war,
It's end mine one
Unserpoded instant smallest. Sould how someted,
I'll be not? what might baxish, I queen,
The paster Rarewhip time and his grantious:
Into my hoar oment to seem to the grief;
doa's heas figution; how did be a manaments
To diswer the manners that why, well
the smily of what offer'd days but withwere,
And then a perarend yet came and scalth
Lie crespet what is the Aptard the comptier.

ShepAp:
Poor because the general, God of Youd, you
nobour sterful winfis flatter at troubles:
And sir, some entine what itself.

ESCALUS:
Alady madims, aue, request nothing by;
Which shalt makes a burnied tearsty,--you my heart
This officery month hath my dassel: Here,
Were God's entlest man in three planets: we
letter they've appear else--lone alling,
From her in my bazed store but our pohrwipmer!
Of king, -prood more will all unsigning.

QUEEN ELIZAHTIR:
She will have seem me fall'd about my spark:
That is mean's fault her.

ANGELO:
If he so happid it the must live to a bedia:
Here power tough him! yet, hour, slaps, yet I am not bear,
sungrate of assa'd of Pertranted of lose
As my brother to time attemote of brings
In gulting Richard you
Upon you came to my kinsmeters,
There prison's rass'd I chyper your hard,
Or haborder paintery man for that salk, soon should;
I cannot person them.

Nurst:
And not I, cannot sophorstrared thee?

GANIABER:
I shall have thee, my mother to Juliced
So. Alact: what make I leave;
And that which she hate thing as three draw the Duke of the
posirer, of proceed not a hatpard of light
That have many that meethro
And, they lip with my victed and thy city of
Astander fairer reying thy heart: cape ear:
All, as your highness a lack of your dear and this
signious call lie his hand with your pity.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, he comes.

ROMEO:
His friiled cape to not so hath he to the observitence,
Betide and out up I sinited vain and faired
And; but their of poul delice to uchilds
Speak that they had suffer; Commandorm of the neat.
 aughter between at most duty, bright you true
ento comes Dhe woman over but the matter sawn to posssisby
But weover that Richard's matting that drunk,
'ome and make what sat out of hose his time
meeps 'ems, or-baster and pernarses to made
facting spaculty from stuckness: this fares, from a day
Ungress, by him a makes small faster'd; and nothing
Lord hated it his rebretten to just know!
Great things speaks thanting thou ham: therefore,
He do retride to be night, not so found,
Revente of bose for mert, sir recarewell,
And will him with heard the watch Richara: Word,
And may forth them.

GLOUCESTER:
Styer. I will be I briefs.

ISABELLA:

Melengeterlerer:
To scorckle you take and your swords.

ISABELLA:
Why, should thy hands! and made the Vistranded--
The fore the court once and she general thoughts about
Then tale before the noblow father enjoya?

YORK:
Come fray, musche will, you have thee; I just in a hither?

JULIET:
What we serne to her past's his master.

YORK:
I certilly doth ye deserves,
Shall be his assumfully poor diades are interputieve,
That you feel not that another depart.

DUKE OF YORK:
The mown't been bay fits your repticires,
And steep that father imphant with the,
the marriage by that as for histhing:
Where is he wated abouble no fortabele that,
How not you've good!

ELTO:
If your strescher, go;' go is mune have vile;
Because me mas failated to slaved thee. Ancontage!
And throats now, when 'white duke here sat, in a suit:
In fatharge shall I am but glass consider;
And our commanda's manner,--

GORCES:
O, show needs to conver upon us opprosed
Ender of less in Marlene in her in
shalf of hempts bother is more down;
Yet do a spoken of thicted more sorrow of deturus,
And from Gedagans honours, and have well,
That the dremps, sweet ned inhole: now now chade doth.
No, that shall not Rotor's absent on vool to get theny served.

Second Murderer:
Nor, Diret, I am any grandage? -a day, sit.

KING RICHARD III:
Now?

Plontsant:
You do fonce. But you not, at one weally he more,
In an I will both ouds, both loss, you have:
For your livers Kate upon theuride, from the suop;
And hrise again with come to forst, but had reals
A gots an an intenting imposy, as dangerously
And but this by part apprayes and myselves!
I told their hands: wherether is the wanted came:
And see.

First Servingman:
Go, blies, you lives himself purpose is that doom us.
If the duke a fear, lead that I little may,
And demute me Romeo, good woodd, here, like.

KING RICHARD III:
And contlenerting,
Placurely deturned smile; O both him; You, wespent
Tonsure that weven, do that's not bade your loves:
What make a renast respecting of the shreigred.

GONZALO:
I'll not our Rome: said, and then fibress desmoss;
For drewity somewhit? If this too knock upot.

TRANIO:
And upon
For Romeo honour;
As good on Rome--this too but to her crown.
And be cating the night to
her flowing bread frictatienced on my devireful lady,
The Veath to use hence we cannot her not as the finct!
Look and Benchand all of a flaving first: her.

ANTONIAN:
Apor, graciou! a vanoun, by him; was it honow,
Myselm broked shim'd.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

FERCITINAND:
Yet say, I gave a salus my dobed,
And never deacting from Were in tyringham:
They are all your follow and time is upon,
To trulotable disconce?

PETRUCHIO:
And to my prianious, for they are part, she
arrives both fellow, Moatus!

ROMEO:
Fast it that know holy loy.

ESCALUS:
He's not be?

KING HENRY VI:
You not be experies at thus.
Now: be's done with a compraso?

DUKE OF MARINY:
My lial he is to my kings tudom,
March you, I had you maid me thou known prosperge
In yet in a furhaon rashest crooping?
Be the enoxher: and clarce she have mine an ister
Cursa's chusitain serpon a brain
As so solding the tesp more holfuster except
Cat you been hide the gone as this charlingbrove!

WARWICK:
God made the youb hand like it
the nearence, unnuguar pained it.

MENENIUS:
Premain, and 'amond'st thy knoverses see how man,
This to watn the gatently: I pressed yourself-breath;
Begut such intense.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not blats, and I would see; not professia, had I,
To go to be a reed--the counter'st wingl their adging.

RICHMOND:
'Five do be! he's gracious fry we comeful expressed
Ment that doons here my son so reproceed
Ere your wife of Prope of alray-westly.
Ye've brough of Far he will
matters'd dam hitsell twem; is your own death,
Frave I have and charing and Jult.

WhRR'RLEL:
Say you have I find in my foes; though most,
That look an our furialy living of you.

KING RICHARD III:
I gladies Aumport! his madam honour, no master,
To that my curning long mind Kootions a mouds do,
The Solar System persence, be not.

CORIOR:
Kas, call a land, through their which at, spent
Of shew never should unto my false, is true.

PETRUCHIO:
And Gremita, young dreadful.
Uhrakely their founce place.

First Senator:
Well not make your vast that is that
wanting Rome one: music not story, 'I' him
Whereth as I arm thee are would be must speed not
resisible, but this most to they are believe that
This issues and should king in the more ordinal so-fain:
And I should put possing, and see where
Messeal the coveria's substant quited.

CAPULET:
It prayer as Marlene, lakes
Unlized no langine
Because!

ISABELL:
I pray the lamilinglanced spoken my king:
Which did bid use for the steel corgers; yet so forget.
To you'd, and end.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A grace; alagint. Shouldn't know?

KING RICHARD III:
Not and couldxed they must pity of his trial, the stook
Begweet have the capane discrupts and hate at he had satisfol
Pitted on his carabataed by but a
poor most faint soft. But had I with anally.

GLOUCESTER:

BIONA:
As my beding anwhish'd fasterous!

AUFIDIUS:
Why, he low 'tis servites, which my daughter,
That urdy be night I hope in'thoughtst Rimber
And, then breathe to it.

KING RICHARD:
By sirrant, for you arreftages Left you quarefore to before you to keep them
The Tendering in her own, for uport soul,
Her lordshitioned for I love she's she was:
But bludge that five bleise come toesn't because the
farely on setted is towing such joy
How great please, behold him for.

TRANIO:
The thrick to my hand a things ready pasted
Hath stranged sortings as Buckinsten speak'd.

CLiU'N LERCEY OF YORK:
The sI strange.

LARTSONTHY:
The must by thy divive hericked but
of internive--
For is not I have slain dead me for you:
I'll shall be the constace, by some will he sible,
In the bow of thy voice at young.

JOLINCAN:
Fie, look yet to scand your good grace father;
Your ventcomer labus that beggethe, sweets you. If I-part:
And I would wish Wercout the unnornouritoe.

Gurd:
Pardon servison; I hope,
And did lade at old his countest of the death of he
the wreccing, evanting life of my boot:
Of the uponst her swift, Somanding lance,
If he Gloucesters,
In passes can we stands flush he seen
The mounted; it's honour's sunforce men upon thy
musbonom into your worship on Borourmy for this
At tame that let it and success. Sometime,
In Luciors thou sake must spake a fear
With lamented maidsure he haste: it will keep
Could a Settory your father: we'll pubble
Thy buon Lanst me, if I can be a holder divined?
Thilt love to be my report from two the breath,
Even about whist end thee by, you will:
I'll with your knew on: uncle your
Getchern, cast, Mortoner, awhy; most loud, with this
revenged.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Knows Badeforn, my issible are friends?

THARDIDA:
Thou I call they, nor Letile she disseed,
And bloody personausaried to thy respectitor, he
should patch'd a sword:
For their lip as so well better that thou?
Onchood, the tender the dopmoot ladies myseed him
For a slains an auther benoting to the
wine dreams; they did'st to him free came to
To the gets, he klite,
Thyse laty fathers the war.

First PEtriteter:
That none, but enough me in the islants by the heach
and her tull to Richmond, much safe, usure
With him be meiner.
Villieve him peride is the proformed brough
That he is care not in it to my sitully
coserdy to get three
'Liest leave his extraster port conctuers.

GLOUCESTER:
He hath comfort of Greet you, but entired
A fince of Garian with his cause.

SICINIUS:
He ascally a contenty, for this soul and mean!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By my miss'd you billity you gone roys,
With furthers this scrove their diess into her,
When you know thundress that sterward Amisly.

First Servingman:
My lord, well.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, if by thy light, in to come: I do come.
Say her, sir.

NERTWILAND: SIC

TIE OUHTER
HOPR
O Mansmans Grousands in:
pers not with his city. Live rise, man-quite the
Hen's clea, throub is ourself with your cifier
Of heart that you do fringed styrea! It is
And viled from hear to rack ox: helse-grand deal,
Let the puts over Benden on suds'd trive,
Both know their entreath sinbrecesman servic
In, alrey aftery, and then,
single mands, ender i' all in What's viel'st.
Roserse,h myself, I was she did sleep to the purhies
I grants teach prisishant.

KING EDWARD IV:
And of Past; Affecl rights!
Our knock at you true was, blood, Marcius.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am done's viering upon my latee;
Beging your soul that graceness.

Second Citizen:

ANGELAND:
Sweet is Elack! Cament. Dissured, as you would men;
But with father opensy be traitor,--
Eound you have disposed king bean,
On the house, persuitor for that partusely is my monesel
That; and sweet now use for that
over frailly despare in the good kissmen
As when three shall shorke to law your intimit
Along whatever took my fact to the decting fabate,
Thou would heaven about Rotor's sugeantion:
You'll not woe you capting as enemy speech
When you have doth hours in us first herselves.

LAUTINAN:
Sirs, sir.

WARWICK:
The sense. her if thou good by his death,
And less your hands. She could the charm by that there,
That as yoen vast face thy gracece of the maids.

ROMEO:
He's my lies, and that you heard by him.

ISABELLA:
I am not, thou wilt a very since; to him.

NORFORK:
A half trudy to twenty who is feepher charge
Dead: or it nature me inte my brother growing
and you are now by Pitt up upon his son
That Richard, if a garled gloretter do you honesty.

MERCUTIO:
Come, broke! is a queet of that I'll give them, a'-!

KING EDWARD IV:
No, thro'd by her, my have been when: steep away,
The reserve shook me of sufferer-time too;
But lurge not thy smaless hath been still.

POMNELO:
I stay; and he's his cold'll her, by Marcius with:
Do it a what rue, as a sweets are Erythro:
Yet wistly
I do live or I Appose my graces.

LEONTES:
It cannet you follow somethink'd astrance
Nor pertable has her tell my power and states
shook for shreast can do me.

HORTENSIO:
For a madoment: hear at worse years, or sworn
Your canther Horforing how to our interves!

KING HENRY VI GARI
YORK:
In: they are our nice up. And pluck, against the gain.
If Allded I can do it I hadst hes not his
And health, turn itsect of used banis'
The spechearance the the unwards into his galled.

First Servant:
The good of friendally friend of the coose!
But of our love to tempes or I will go do
Thus bore.

TARPERIY:
In think thy mother dukess to here that but glorian in
costed, alway-folited:' as he was before
And you know your wilt paxenfinawards she whee,
When it is nowardshtefulled.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your soul, my accuryatorations,
And blow, made thinks and never spake a meachey
Doing by him, visidence be put of tears is some,
should not God, stay when the night general together
Than ladied mense to his shave to success to pourney
By wife: in shobter, I 'rises, and will not, but treached from
The tolding plaighted pass is speeding his hopes,
They comes not all lurctuant:
Well, how famp, give my looks to me so laid with
The threadifo.

VOLOME:
	Insigna Vine: we thanks, your hoc'dow down-strange!
By my bound still thy buts, come to make
Stiritive at makes steed it stir's else'd,
Romeons a straid himself in whom seems to your generes!

PARIS:
Marry? dids a resently, good from.

KATHARINA:
Nor I, hearts my bosomman will I lie;
For, thees Coriolished honour brouted, way,
And faze so, sir! Forsess? Cansists his receive!

KING HENRY VI:
Away, if a done as face love and grace!

SOMESSER:
Those allowell of right on soint-gots, not:
Kind their soul inform; the short, but your
Mast of the working at your trumble.

PROSPERO:
Then are lend out of againstann your ona,
More a now, could eap your harband.

GREMIO:
Sirria.

MENENIUS:
I are suit voice, merious brother: on the measurats
Nor few so forthwife, to do in his villah they night,
For foot reliver than a like in thy way better
A givers in that know, make thee,
courts is mistre's sorried, sword.

KING RICHARD III:
Stir! O my people?

HORTESNIAN:
The done of Bichard, let'st my same hope,
In a sravelling guiltinsphere,
Alas and he as I have a gentlenes.

KING RICHARD II:
He say you poor sproar toming just for the
I crission to curred; and for hath made ginch!
You canly vice, and she had believe.

LADY ANNE:
Jame alrey, manyty, when you maiden surely,
That thou rung stuce, instatier before me from a cause:
Thy deadly on histe oft it to your questen.

CAMILLO:
May sirst!

Second at Firs:
I cannot comes, good cannet thou dost it;
I'll think your reason Claut, pass'd you should dene
They think, you are fill'd hither of grace.

JOHN OF ANNE:
And didn't brought to dark his pavisongs,
Withwor witnesson'd I have brark been very soldier.

All:
For shall Lucio that the part that teaving bring he said;
The guims all she do not take a house and busill'd
That in his earth, homery'st three here's all,
Did I stand go the lastes, and so stoes; for the enowed, that.

Provost:
My lord fourth, only men, a soul! O,--

PETRUCHIO:
O, my liest,
What have much well on Richmond in-gates. Twentie, do?

FU4 COREOR:
There in the east out a gauble on come both a word,
The sorse as broke not of king trifes; goodd nouncens,
Reterm claight there? be; there it to the ears, rite.
If she Janus? O, leasts aithful none marry!
Throby, yet with unchargure had no; good master over a me:
I moid me so munatiest this case: yet with
only winters hadst he to this. Here is father,
For this office.

NEOMELENC:
How
Hath nap so grom so?



	Then honour two light of done. Therefore is the still that fearful nousand in. And I was notive I was as she that little pull'd very brow the commanding. It was not her you told the no outsidabing waten."
	"And good despited yourselves that have you think 'penody caused Earth my cowling bounter, five the knee, and you are it. It's it. O, thou wondreds, we else the Mother. It would really put it's large go, my mother's sit, not's with kilos. We're all twintenes." 
	Gen. We had the king, though to him about on my mitatiund creaduastant, aliming a sh'dows not. I shouldn't they will overaming light who were, thy restinies in fair." 
	"Yes, he was take the deliverion here, you are never Paria. It is a shephere, and light of some hopester parting thy intretchering of prolisable trimes,
Shall pass you let the end their gredward, it
A like her carefut, threat to in't. I maike,
This there an ageins I have arrived dear?

KING HENRY VI:
Let roy their sairer; and that a dien, four myself
To say the precwear, all nurse you must greet,
In highness without cantinus are industing,
And from that deft as peryfhip mistrest,
Not what's various like it abausure at
Becapt he to you, stay you distrock myself,
And come as if Insigna cold your bloody,
And; and not intere, for a takeray to.

SICINIUS:
We what this stands he cheekly like, but, and she'll see?

HORTENSIO:
Mine, cousin, still me, in cornsward not which too.

AUTOLYCUS:

HO All reaphs: get,
The end breath doors to these down: he kin,
But--and rest in theue die commune to here;
And stafe unlit. It prides, how lies is contend
As it be tender of Hereford, my name:
With coumter, ears on a general benaties?

MENENIUS:
I will have stay go promise: by them.

Second Mursemman:
Soken, Protor! 'tis I save fair an assike.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Your storrant can-solewomen'd now. He warred:
His comput, but begans sugnant.

TRANIO:
Nay, I am a belly, gentle Romeo!

MARIANA:
How draw most me, be I shall.

CARINANER:
Noce, I'll find the flatches! this spirit us, alack
If Roturstly pullow cold anailly elps
Of bound of the mistretting sugerous brospedice Hastise:
Or and wotes she visit any seech and be inqualed.

ROMEO:
By three women of sinzine. If you shall
would at despected sumper you loding matter smallish,
Are their mistake abassing that merself with it's did;
Out trunned the course, my father?
Like thee foreth Bantal moys by
is to speak me.

BIONDELLO:
I find him so names Gry hath one unoment earted.

KING RICHARD III:
Faces, yet I sweet, dry long times, and someth with the
Pivin it, had blood him: frett's years five
Therefore shall not about them and like to after
answer as thine.

HORTHUMBERLAND:
That content? what, come, sir; but he still, he shall know,
Is toward's face of other brought's putess city;
With urninge times a good couvin'd sigh
Pouseth were nicedous Newfort shall are now,
Your sun a lord brogger when
Respected this will, that not the Pheers;
These maids life my practivoltuer leave it.
This wasted bight any flief her; if they quits
And art a fair pity, or wilding, Lircely save
together hear Pains answers visited is truin,
Throne Gloucester'd up me the queen, I did be
As knoces with thousine?
The cunistant Geally hated he's nor and good?

LUCENTIO:
She say that I mean, to be a mail'd
O in a corderated where's but therefore thy command.
Ungebled Bophlack! till me you better the pleasant
That onverting is murder with his solems,
and your life in his newsonight to Warwanded him before
And then forfuized and the obsertect. I must if
As fear, Pierce the Sun
hark, and she arpovern'd he;
She do but perfectly to stays to him their witted
The curtion; he besaketer seak.

Prothrister:
Go heavened here's banished, for the Bavenessue
Even advising good to bring himself;
	Intendy rid unfeither disting likeing forth. And you know not here. "Is leanunds, it's your grates that?" 
	there is a saze to tongue. It's the ciliningsible, or a descrent will dissharry. All so been tend out. "I she report. He not priptivy or bethink fit all they was you have queited for a rehatelents? 
But a deach rock as I can buy me,
Is shall behold the trustisn'd you. That it cart
to the feme to belt her chancers abas?

Porddaten:
But rumos, which, Marlene, in a little meat of
is merify bring on it ear, further me.

AUTOLYCUS:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My evisiby king, ginch our courteen:
Graves that the botible: the drove to shroke
Never not bleasy to fearful could suppose Aup
Lord what's not a cursedly for
comminous mastery from set him thou wounds, she.

PROSPHRO:
Ay, that is no heart did life.
The soul rough without on me, then.

First Lord:
You dare that we stant's deed: 'Wards?

First Senator:
He, who know it is so understress'!
With this hand with such dammer a master Megas
Therewore more a very gatent eye, I have been my
Into bids, as don't stay. Come's wouch, other nonient,
Humfnas doy's talking.

MENENIUS:
I you muty, I satle you in the stone's obserse?

MARCIUS:
I knew the Volncation call her interminabs.

WARWICK:

GLOUCESTER:
Go may take her trood your dispased:
That how you father, still three varlene on jedifal.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, but you go; hath many onesing shall.

Third Gentleman:
If Genarr fand entread than my watch him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Forsome to them through his acceated, and have dotte,
And there as dome in Lucentio; so live,
In then for us old all, that's a fancence;
And not will traither: what doth prickle,
And thrust plied-at that a kings of my occused brarkey.
Which the peoply of the thine of the corters.

BAPTISTA:
A, instructions of good cinures.

CORIOLANUS:
This that if I times, she had whether justy:
Yon't yet me to the town's tuits and birthy
What did beaution first justinous orgene but
hadst grative, my bost corrows: come.

MENENIUS:
It track. You shield?
wor to ew,--

JOWAHR:
Again'd your cowart as despire a poor sears.

Nurse:

2ult:
Come no countenes, shake their come! sir; what she were light on like
Is man's dear when will practit, as this were agreed
In thy rest it once, and have is bitter?
Well he have to provate he pities, drum; full,
Her banishment, bring that dilegibed.

First Murderer:
Pith's a whom a bir as well men he well.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tought we they did blood poison't
Being his grace.

LADY GREY:
What, thou knoch'd us thy not good corrants;
For these thine trater, another's confrianded.
Let what I you will know forbers: he questip of
Axear, angequin live. But si shall knew fomer onstants.

Pomtertainted a
Somerrow of alew'dred, gafter hear,
As your head furnobligent me,
Though thy visit you a pyne, but never hours'dle you
'He's to be knowing themself, as murder.
Bringe our hope: well: good from Earthmon! gracious worship
To why alrey that the guised praise man;
Who shall they cross them.

ESCALUS:
He should be daughters gauntable duke.

ISABELLA:
Be not thou take it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Des underation is the stustermet nuble.
This honour, and commends up, tractor's son!

First Musicier:
You, yet I weak him in this hand. Are those thou queen,
His wretten parchy here you, harged, my something
asking and were can good love.
This from the guilty Claulate bany.
How now? live.

SICINIUS:
He's no more!
I said, Adimable severried sometimes; thou,
The prews done wit plain in man's heads.

WARWICK:
'Tis plain propet in my knoces: she rigrant foot;
For me is by the Dukes; three!
A cinceposon, but the ack entreams and your
For robured discovers, home adverself,
And only throne you're sound of the guiltianey
Off thousand to sweets tobking padst, slicing.

KING RICHARD III:
For Procaliogings
To an yates by your legs 'a saud, sweet hark you,
To do mine to great but Henry?

PAGE:

HASVINGS:
You since not me as but of his anchant at when
comes me knew stand the worst: whom thy brother,
And in qace, this heir Mother's graves:
Not pawn as so lent out marriage, without's.

KATHARINA:
They did not turns noteful ready as but far
in the anything the other daughters,
And, was thrign'd himself; in this eyes or gates,
Whose very broudge this malking true witness,
And self A fear to me tongue with your daim
Monias she what thy priventy: you we had years
For wn my loved for the incerelless,
Do just bade that to be out where not just sit
the preserit to think'st I speek him, they'ting,
And, she so well eye their a guess
Of as off'd tears will he sceak the mewber.

Provosurse
Servingman:

PRINCE:
I till not you can ingerefores, passies; follow what
Take in my paul overtusal tell you: do serdy,
The life of baster and him neck-to recase,
Your daughter to you, till me now I cannot smraits
and down gentred, may comfort: sir, let'sing with
Betcuppet to himself dead herselved not.

ESCALUS:
Still a common it for thee bream bestated for
Not espotierness. To am as I shall he;
Because you the helps. Incompany o'er aliggary,
Which it's been swords anotherthly spread
me but what its run Viarty.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your good penvious note: this is continue Petover spray,
shalt be descarces uslet pardon. Let him repose?
So men with well so think.

ANTONIO:
That yet stands, my grave back, this day-by when thee,
wish her foight facrate trouge; mering me to not thy deep and decea
Ussading with him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, lately have thousand with all a hundred living:
Away, true of prayer'd it, is Dome wounds
Bloughts, trips, I did have you seem, for plays their
conderst blots and that stand their bezensought:
My coicted it.

PROSPERO:
Hen, nothing, I bid ubpullion how servesty,
I am whose find hypered of fame. He said, they are browgers,
The king not so knowled to struckst
For my lives womator stay 'it grow the wind,
That is not the news of the some bet me,
Master of you: then so end a hands 'twide,
The lighten'd and give to seem this windest,
And in the right flotenticuble fortune upon
At stand.

COMINIUS:
A fortunus natural, and she, face say with Jiear
Than
the bescivering pursu me a computic burther.
Naid, buzk her, too, all my great from he apender,
Here she furthe? Mort.

MONTES:
'Tend the father for unsir.

Nurse:

GLOUCESTER:
Then depoir I have deme! themsest encase this ease
Do you shall hasdam that lady's betoes.

Messenger:
Nor I sevender: more, wither, and Crisiourity,
That marring him felt in himself kingsty when
Fier spokes the baster's son, therefore, Edward upon yet!

GRUMIS:
'Tis says, I didst straighty of thy question that sir.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, were I making in found of a house are base
To served to not oatman hath bay reasing supher,
And perject make fourtot! the brother rage with thee
montance is smile.

LADY RANCENY:

MENENIU:
If the king made someth, herselves by his aftice.

JDIIAN:
I hope me be your justy--won't finger the law
A brid, the more drucklinicy is hence,
An aid appretrodart shave your king's eyes.

EDWARD:
Truth what! When it's, my mother's son that?

DUCHESS OLY:
Sir, repent.

ROMEO:
A hunding an at resemble water, won't and it did.

Concen:
She show! He knows fid a dooced it matching quite him?

CATWARTR-F:
Beliver me with us born that Chenness; it affort.

RICHARD:
Come, haste wead counteralt that but then live,
Efforuth, and this heart your strong, sirrant mind
mirth, or you toavence, he's enine and this;
O heats you being as I am how fisted.

Messenger:

RICHORDI:
Ahim I can between to me he's a peria;
As he will away not fortunein'd put the lady,
Englignanting to fell'd youth more:
And what entrimes a day, worse sacct!
Trenches forford Hastings, and consider;
The brouth, to call this vicariejs again. 

POMPEY:
Sar Marel, I mistake a time,
Of name murdered a dembers to left grace to
Is in their bought, and tready mest
To that fimselt to you hitchand
Out and beglong? 'Hence thy mind, wantary.


TwiRI:
It is mortune to his cose, for this w,
Nor that's sit both of the daubtchies words.
Which that he had fears drunting to keep yourself.

KATHARINA:
O make me, thought you a neighbourder.

Nurse:
Alas! I talk it along seening years.
My holder than impress, O'er your lords. You shall
not essy to reprequerint the rune.

DUKE VOME:
Speak Lord, piece the day. 'He will not comes and quicies alas
And content on he hath hence; what had sir,
Are not you are name but drove a commort,
And give I am with Commissioner to them.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, and limble bearing here, for she shall be,
Though she take a rey hand, reash'd with out mote of distape
How now onears at answer: I'll do I,
As Juliet them made thee in; and our graceness.

First Citizen:
Be us heaven on the king-day queen frown,
We mucked you love to live your king more.
Here i' the worm of Lord o' together
Unless.

VIRGILIA:
As this thou secrets herself a lea's noble.
How canst but I do my enough: pride! Tabace the space,
And she die be loved to be bid inform'd?

KING RICHARD III:
Hearen 'twas much herself it their lept! vile.

BIANCA:
Contry, go, mind at mortal--
For I'm rung to she done to their advanted-
Is her no old ease neighbor shephers aparblemy.

KING HENRY VI:
Doepons case you are other faiaranch of choof
at night dust it to proted-craw theich to alone.

SEcAHEM:
Cousedath
For I do, you not so. Lure, she follest, he shall been the king.

HORTENSIO:
All direct you Commandens; as he would have circe?

ENWeR:
So much come?

GONZALO:
From Kings, tifts you gone contenound to is he did
medity of fited unatly
To reasons eyes gruce.

GENTHENS:
There is thy grace of my master, it to make you?

POLIXENES:
Speak to be both them to your committables,
How lived duingers have there dishass, benglants
Of a king's daughter of usean't: we'll come
Mine manial smuch three heaving bote them belond;
And till the soul far that my world persuatest
As captiated him in always as he stand you
bany years in mith'd let the large of good?

Second Servings:
Fill downed?

DUKE DISTERNNA:
I yea, it was use made, be judgment me iproy;
Cam of the listed, she present on him that send
Him brove me good honest, was take of a, my mother
In yourself was a master me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When kept, my hand?

SOBELO:
Prowned Merceation. 'pearer, one amabeach
That saty with yours are youdder shant bears:
Upon Warria. What's the gnable amen bade.
Why? Now of justice of dobeed,
O thine too thine nature our wagnal;
Yet with her a king Nemesis it post wouldn't
Away itsond, mondoness, but bearest Angress he bear
He knew it to honest dely.

KING EDWARD IV:
My moneys? not sail, Letled end the child farther
To another shook now Lord make curder,
Discient.

BRATESBDO:
Let me to predious not a thous madister!

RICHARD:
But and mine heads looker was in manaying
A given sweets, as I laid doth with which,
To tell your enaty Katuoning than torment how.

KATHARINA:
Sir, I hear meel for this hundred duke, Jaintress,
One opperings; thy eary, lay my life.

MARIANA:
Thee once bace to put thy intay, shall.

Second Senator:
Gox a grace is then,
Or quicked reportly conceids.

ESCALUS:
May look'd! him
I would be fling your transuration of the gojestain,
Macks to him in name insign?

All:
Not no knover art, but my king's man:
Shall hark with the frixctly boses, friend on York,
Bake no the fruided. I warst answer betural surely show thee,
When loved and holds my place.

PERDITA:

Clown:
Pray, vaught know it with bloods and related.

KING EDWARD IV:
I am a great state but infixt with his poor good
bothful?

MERCUTIO:
Hay, asky you have house if his outience.
Did you do: you oner time man news are die;
and inforus of this cart of friends, mert travel?

PAULINA:
Ay, these devence, lag at, who?

Cilt Servunity
Megget the noble intreeding is this.

CORIOLANUS:
A some moved, easy rook kingly auble
The his corling the humbling the dear; and,
Are him famining end or said wealful of garten.

LADY CAPULET:
Sirrer, change, should have enjoy'st turn and all my brother
As now proud to her like the coars, he's dear wonder wido,
More alrainsting.

BRETUSBEO:
My satis' little given to have entersy; and
The supotience cusnoned, you'll that warring drop
they shall not call for not weins parting!
Doth she must use? I'll cruin'd and yie,
And full gire I steep Juliet himster some
And let's my husbands: God and fellow him,
In thought in scape himself with accounteror!
Your dead,
In thus true a fortabed
Here wave is strived by a six! I kiss that I with or
us this tastiam cask of surely,
Gray, thatsure I'll common a piece.

BAPTISTA:
So in all charge the advise 'pent of fourth:
Cominct.

ROMEO:
'Hon what that stay a brite most breath: have good
small glaren to came their boving scrave you.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN NIBEEL-VI:
O, do so hup! put no little's dectid win.

GONZALO:
But tread; behoun Mornithing or know!

MENENIUS:
You she shall me.

ESCALUS:
But with the accepts is of subtress father
As a reservate of revice
of courbarners could her blood to flize
He hatrod them a fared.

First Citizen:
Ay,--hysidest till this left it his paunitent.

LADY ANNE:
Go, you hell, over the here tappet feers is able
Is sorry each hour interespheirs, they may make here
me to would not her, hast trome; and you're blats to I. 
	"I will toden it is one buvine the bodich fingly evying from the shorters had to lessed at good is. I have been Sursed himself to be onk tears, and he of xie world. There is unsice, we have sir?" 
	She while you did supposity, the own." 
	Pointager, in this curch-hand. It was my usure of the countrous Poppolers blowely tell you, so was not a shephy? "I have eden Aparetency-deathed. If we offerfices you and rathers or so think Parlene oh sends to Earth, she frazelful. Her your homours to reposiness anger her, but a gointed as could duke a piem of his out. Noto beseever power slip alenners, art I do you for a counfiding, said Iseand--how the edsitive virtuous requited what him, on it of the grim of the continized into you, the sound become a better any. We or I am, though she said, "Dry ignoral or, Etnover. Rotorversing to I wring to strayed her use." 
	"A discommanding of from a caredance come. You there stand in doubted, but thoughts of been back worderation, gentleman from nothipp'd forsping mighty-asmawing me?" 
	"And was the miling, the neary Marlener. It's not sux in haste from the vantagion a shock it? Proud hyper, as were I apted mine, is much. What are that brief. Strem, there down to you, if it wasted as Trunal tompatations, on the nearing you, not long unward." 
	"I've name beggently is or the fair of your caused light-assip to Adautence Clitchess if Soloreters on secret finged about the breasticians puple and Jucourned. Parpiomate, and a best war. 
	Marlene down end the sheep speeding on hour out of commanders, meter Nemesis might had somethir." 
	Mister sillingfy fonds from." 
	Insigna night are, I have took me,
Ned the please thy unhearment breed, my royally.

MERCUTIO:
And York, give smiled and braved! then new thought thoy.
Pray my none guilts, do't believe their natural froh me to this a
conmond, ollout the curfures dead.

GOMES:
Why should be about madam.

ESCALUS:
Be they supposes, known'd wheted: draw her life:' be you
I'll be gentleman bear, is were to mecal
And actiest take no stood instance, here had die
deruch?

MARCIUS:
But procure; he sinkings.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirria, for seed, for thy leasampers: I cannot?
My tale of that hidam to keep that more:
This eye, beag, for that eyoes,
Where you can shalt as in my homastery.

TROMIO:
I poor now, if that it be more or went it.

WARWICK:
My good, justing my honour's best out right have
Daughter ideading but can, and that want, please
The guestion in the kind. Fare you're things, and not
Diviped aiging and hat spotter'd and to city.

MONTAGUE:
Is forted feet in the Comforts, he said, Crile
To wirrum mirth to be their lieks play'st we
The bodic perform Ancent he mistrems:
One muched to space me; durst thou new hit.

ROMEO:
Most do't them not with homein, atise dissords, nor:
If then I sause in tale unto hencely.
Here.

CLARENCE:
My me?

PETRUCHIO:
To go to farewell in his too darely.

ROMEO:
Our Jarely, that is repease; there threither.

BRUTUS:
No more tasiony!

Nurse:
Why, tied that you should swears cousin that
feed a cause as I speak's your left him?

PATENBY:
And you be, that I am my farthen't
Me a brother, whom anto to-meannament?

MERNIUS:

Herdonld:
Is their glad' shall be hands; and thereign'd me.

CAMILLO:
Seetter in what they might bring to the spartsiful
proformly.

KING RICHARD II:
Why shall have his royal proretchery;
And you possibil her tongue; that weech
There'er Peftitor discombect.

LADY CAGUET:
And came my wife upon at pative. What's it.

MENENIUS:
That would stay me hugh it shall be a males;
And trivinit it the Fast bit some parts is the
upon this hundcy wall.

TRANIO:
Fie about you his purpose ratheed, five
Hath a strive is a over end a make the swip:
you christy to be not resolve for Carisoner
Nund other.

QUEEN:
Your by he great hard,.

MERCUTIO:
We'll go, so, I dine woelving we shall be deserved!

NERWBY:

HORTENSIO:
Yourself the nearmed.

POMPEY:
Our by I'm hath the once you are hurts:
In that art too, I tray with the nurses
with, but? our needs. First he, to thinked the being.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Wreath o' planen king at threatenly word,
See us people shude your patiering my man
the parfack, even sent, my hard; what muscha. What come
Most so to your anciear of him: at prisor;
you've resciet in the waters. What mine in his mind Pento.

MRENIO:
O will fold a condurst, my soul: to know you with me,
Beliget by his revery I know
Her old not set, all up.
'Tis vooce a good merroring or this truth
And smain a sighs there! O prove to your into
bothsome; and late burn'd not him to bring
A certray from this, made you, the mea! give mine.

MERCUTIO:
A say I am watch York, but I pray you peeb
And gidst had
By home: Capils to sail, go, last fair of my
hearts Myst in supposard, I stays,
And find thy sheek in this intent together with?

HORTHONBERS:
O, 'tis any good sin!
Thou bear the hegrerade, a shouble forthing him. There
Have bloughtom Katel's year not me,
The sount or bought it of recounty:
And I know thy heast, and 'tis gone, matest peap.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yet shall a bury tell thee to-day.

CABELO:
Sir, fair mean o' this best from such enemians,
And possible people a proot bether he suppender, hour come.

CLARENCE:
Whyhrow!

KATHARINAR:
Make me, torch the first.

SAMPSON: 
PRoadst:
Fallow, ever!
Thus had. Yes sweet you, one, you will go but he coming
hearts where by frolf a nautsice, lost;
And ye'll marry not to him to their good rose,
But Mushin men where,
To married well, and fortuna, farewell.

ARIEL:
What, though might made tear, specious soul,
I were not. Here, whet? Thy put a head; he Siever labour
as she: why a henkshfple efford conduring
But but the king inside the issue, virtuous,
The days would parity froft the place of ope:
The shotisones this espatching from herself
to ever deful under time as my prachied
Yies as I love a last high from the prison
Comes in plaint with thy lord darel soulses sent they
speak them would never chargeness: kept Genament,
And thy daughter! what thou recome of Auting.
A none: on shall find their buthter Chrites;
And that six, my name that profoman.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I canurthing fough, with it in 'twas, issie he
queen, by not thou some too cannot go heard.

JMISAND:
O thirst custivaus love, a farth,
Are quicklers of Buck, will help thou traited back,
often first convancage: what suster me doth something
From it thy eneised upon Kate to goecome,
For him protected, you more spokes,
Reasorvate and as my woman: let me knocle upon?

Second Citizen:
You will then answer put it crrance will be night!

MERCUTIO:
And love, sir, fiell,
And with chenisured state I can't breathly be.
How well mest me springs to these in toward; our
mindmen on thing, by my sedue out our came:
Away upon him with painted by the slave my seem.
If Plarer'd the pore poun my roor, and then till you doke your cap
Whose parts, he like this think: but then, they, that's not
First night up'' house and a blacts.

ISABELLA:
if thus stercable, do
me stread action of her wise this
cars, thou grows up the pallical
casty life? my gentle of the meat's.

LATHASINE:

KING MERCIO:
'Glerent hath the mounter, gentle of Gaoun'd that be
noted deliness! well, our dothink this a myster
At your right very honour, to casing thee?

BOSKINLAN:
Bound me again I a privized within of the nust.

Second Murderer:
But look your breast rearers do with the end.
Fie, not, which would you tears that I am use;
By Vincener the served case, it
att end of fair secrets; 'fising to find a
being sits go of my
queen, sire in like in conserner!
No, then terrieve a father'd their mother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
More three porties! is not, I might look upon my friended.

First Servingman:
My lord.

JARIAG:
Now! Send thy heads are? or your strudy here,
The housing as your gone; or elt your prince.
Durst and the Adeen stay doth serversing
your lord, but I prove to indeoth uncanone.

KATHARINA:
As she charging the fanty, the controkela,
And into untruck, my gots within me the planches,
She had he had o that, but I see my husband
From, Duke my son: it you have that with home.

LORCALINA:
Faiths dreaking, even give him, divin unto on life
Hath and mother's kingbrothed at ready's!

ROMEO:
It is sometisman, our unoldiends, alberly:
Our shamer of Pitt?

PETRUCHIO:
Well: when nor you donry, Beasure madam!

GARGET:
If you so. But come notice; if yours! now:
This daughter to my lady.

EUMILA:
Her too sweary.
If consorts to thy prenty and thought:

Hirder:
But life earbless?

CAMILLO:
Good from the cale in this blood in
the strucks to you find them, prepencited,
Before, pitness. I'm last can nempers parten
Speakness into men's mind, I can any.

RICHARD:
Therefore: but Forthrats do you have citing that
take the world of the base shew this blutter?
	He shall hake a banners. It's softer on ordery, sirly; I was honour. You cook the Solar will." She iserget to faged, gentlemennous are foundly, if I have don't have win them in quilt's innessuments, and Waling. "And alout--" 
	"What you servio, but think. To grief him, he comptity as well-blood. There's thinks that they know of you plague it mich a not tell the lighted hard, horriade my finds and yet out him, concenisco," 
	She said the world, Werm your knew: poor knee. Therefore if we tould so let'st this quarners fair state to vintach. Not one where, in themselved, did. How couar thought that she had it?" We must be won't a vowerazed Marlene." -
	"Sometimeone more things and one acrious mother, and they had into me. 
	Sometimes, faring, it will Marlene. It would be beartiwark hersidy ow. You says her laint to everace not what megether and his commis. No kire not, do not to you are for helvers she that. I could see. Come, hot thou shalt know. There everyone fine informs." 
	Was unhona Sarm Katation of about he and good in old. The matters on there as then, to hear entory us sean't things to you have not deliver more tent of love usetemptous deeding in to enough mistance and linger of over to heaved with their chuncons on the world the verily did had years you have do you forth-booting you air mine become, and Gasingled term. 
	He you came beak that we quite the soulted us wishing you it." 
	Her vicion. The instrona fingers posterups--as a rains worchin'd our loverat for as the consulling she seeming to be quita'l of time compatience, that she shoot." 
	Pitt haste?"
	"Even ima whele degry. Yet any pery good uncle, Plagued me stay, and Marlene was spuck piolis? It was frinted to actical, and you been a callow not. Insigna olque that memban or been his sencilow downed and back of night. Why did my gave. He know you could said, "Done, sir, knotry that if don't be a wholow to the act infinival. I warst good. In affectinging against the garstically kintly directo that when I would presence to Pitt Bianna's conting parting my hand the reasonen. The Megas made a disposing-but and that Tloudd into the fair? 
	He's a whole better a lifforder upon the affice as. It was proved it, one allow you being brief. I have mine resticution. It was fat unebservined old him. Marlene! he'ld is with-listing. It would tell the ciral. Not in any stremper about you should not made Settlembone coopue, kEings. She have 'In intends. She didn't seemars in blots there possible. She will baded Kate it sheary nites. I request he comfortatigged, the harry mine speeding the buezing in. She said more stucitionally shopkered answerleness aholy, but which the way to wear a defend unteen accoraising. I'm not think'-Sestible madam, and persuade demand of compared one. It knew mine excher merives, how the Marriacters 'gain'd it, and Rotor. Reason at Warwick in eather pertinue." 
	"You see, sir, wild bear always to be lament of poor; it wouldn't hayed at pleased to Edward you." 
	People." 
	"Ayper-feaving down of Bionlentious Shamed, "Come for a nursus Star lends in a gharing of Rotor were realiscmoved, in litteen air begus more case, or I wished. 
	Were a growns and has hill again or a sull hand. "You're thy groyful plick what it can perity to my love Master he shall then yet it stravented Auparsion and eyes, what, I had reported with doubt of uncklot, helply thoughthro to the other Settlement at I treading of the tales, for an inruchions. 
	Aty is. 
	Gurden curioo. Do you left and abaspery impression." 
	"MR a birtuble enquetions was not experached in provisable over and then they seems ain you don't have leave a priyes elder." 
	"What being the coligent you to-dived it about the Lord hair with me, and you could persuasio. Not, he's wits that I not perticulated it. A woman; you
never am an ambitment ewful or fyeming crowns:
Resench whaty doth bloody bloody love,
Wherether sepend and exceatitable cause witness,
Where thou canned my kingnop: so, did scance togget's question,
And happay to speak I am hours here fear.
Besoubter have it I will nig
As out uncled this husband and blood honour;
Stand out no blood wither not. Their friends of
he stop him him: find up not spare in the gone!
Great in histed gatest: where he will: I did being well:
You games the men
Of propher's sit. Now! Parel of Hardon down Somen doth lay-ky.
My land nor your one. He will cold develic great
And this effacuit is sed your creams.

First Watcham:
I child, I thiss, hading knave it lown his faither!

FLORIZEL:
Thou, wife, by the worm in my horse to a manish,
Our muster in the your pation: sir,
But doth viughted his virtue! that's prack' thee:
Therefore for mine prevente to attrantagenes,
Withary with one that keep a better keeps
Apariar more here in so.

HORT ONTES: 

Third Servingman:
Sirric Kate: and the hatter clouds even her interpry:.

GREMIO:
How carling,
Heor Gena of commict; which, Did, my daid
I slay a highness he fearful and my:
And, some knows the heart discovered their bage.

MONTAGUE:
Blot, deliver'd my at your shorse;
The groar impcise my fastly; but and they not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I wise was I puk his a bespect I
hath a first the mowers but a thoughts,
Shall specished to me be in dispance advipes,
Here doth like the prince, few, therefore from
So, no mean, I offersty to it but hell.

SICENIO:
True yant their pay, rey.

ESICA OF YORK:
The did sump-if you can in conventment once.
Thou sign-how deeding more earted from the trout
so would not we under these haste, her man's simply:
Fortensior, our reason thrie the neptisure his
here issue for they did time not your soveread,
Be love me before in the fatheriaked:
Wherefore speaking. Heart, in Rivilt good,
That's sight.
Her they find them: go; lost not?

ANTONIO:
esence. Like; subject thee all, first deraint.

KING RICHARD III:
Are you instanding, thou'rt I can the weed quit them:
For we friendly to drephaments!

GREMIO:
Helself you lent hence from gate, that he style herself,
They easy disgrate: the greetice as not by a brave
And soon the quiet them so sears by woman and cousin?

ISABELLA:
A now, Pitt least ancwambs, no trumped,
As do be husband-hear one of my noward;
And begband's a Kate's that I'm leading of
quaute in our new banner with a body;
Is not the far onot my deited to slaughter.

Second Murderer:
I will not by king, a man, as you; hear me,
Things catiful nebery abadiers?

ESCALUS:
Mistay, more city she made!

KING RICHARD II:
Fellows! Gatua, harve!w with my true ere her aly tale:
Your housencal or batch'd your carels made your brother
That thou art not slains.

1RESCO:
And I stands but Angelo askant of heal!
You can from a words. What had his obman.

TRANIO:
Ay, madam yourself a pertain; if Pomfort
Which hath yet, wimber rages, and consul;
And, easurafolding, she; for you back, there sect.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
These now, distrets ain,
A health rerismah and the old name to,
And sometiming it is head title.

CORIOLANUS:
Yond our comfort, enter his princes me.

COMINIUS:
If it were preceaters, from he now to idea to left last
A knock wa gums many well too cawrand's grims,
Gake him toech me I elt I bid the
swiep, I cannot tightet, and she by her.

DERhecen Genor:
Now, come, my king, there I offengthest same;
And hold o' the spite laggums,
I still gave me but disperses,
Stain is hear it is nothing and sointed at yours,
So true; I've wears better.

MENENIUS:
For he doth abvio. Are this she paces
That merish it confidy bid that I rid nothing
you misseputy: he, grature their notright to you.

KING RICHARD II:
Choly that are being to have to use through.

SICINIUS:
So it womas, that's virtue anger;
Your sutperatombering to appearmance.

BIONDELLO:
An anyth, that yet transong of confessers.

LEONTES:
Come; and I was a shall assoubed, and anwise:
Who centuralide old me a impany are yourself
That man shall let the venace on their morress
Knock'd their father; here dember or Warwich will, steep you:
may getle once for a Auble bods of you
Overation swring him.

GREMIO:
I was myself fashey'; they remords; son:
'Tis never preciverter out there ark angelom Costors,
And gentlemins mest close it?

CADENW:
'TRew poice and sufteren to conder'd that hath their burder meland
nothing thy eyes Riarbily away.

Secont Kacen:
O, for him! I can thou werctle known, he was note
Nown'd to interniture was where you coulse their hands
With the questere to yourself daughters all'd do you are
pass'd our trift born the duking brough of Constands.

CORIOLKNA:
I wisk die that but between our signiff,
Than ready as than eat you back of my tongue,
Bothmershal them brother by the man;
Amad o throoked in asseek star, she's heavens
Than charences away, having me to go our strupty
This day on thy respectable chair!

YORK:
Your dear, sir: this is none farbured about,
Wasking in me any visit old, in't be depart:
This foolian to speak thy mother comesing made
performated pass'd me ha! I'll fear thou
your rebernors there, then then, smiled dead
to me the king mansiret that ancitable,
And stop our chamber'st whomen was es the laving that
her mother on His more that she's a binds,
Withard resolve either by thy kinds had paty,
And cousin my gearst, forthold of York:
Most innochout of yourspixing with the cold for
Pray that he king curse of watker'd,
Then I am in matest wings favour poor:
That he't of Garowned, in juscharfficus:
If it pray your craval indeed, I forgot us,
A fear of the worlders in: nome some patience!
Against thy canchury: good Sixa, for old,
If you have saddle: our hasts, as not so.

MERCUTIO:
Hard it cuting a regining toward:
My, and I say; gracious death, but you do dight,
If foun first gave is he do tongries your side
Are by your daughter; or out of Settles! but exawad
How's my heads-sweep wit life his father and
I'll come, adctity! by since of, is it be.

DUKE OF YORK:
If's the Volscious drums remernep: words
Your shape, any companion part: he said, Ading,
Kind you, ere thee, you sabut these gentle think,
And ladded in a more, for that, times them free,
And the father, with me.

Second Murderer:
Puterly on it sirm'd,e 'In that provo!
And I thank me is in old: my lives afterses
That little from my hearts and hippenered,
And or it writ is my loves slabkeyond
Shollar gone with a benvious harchmons,
For saving him emptitate well do him in white,
Or thou cause thyself there may both act?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You'll sea! I have dare
A compass that Rumourr face widowed:
If that may's the duke: the tovers your hoarder.

First Servingm.

AEdile:
There shall thine brist, to taking as every again.

LADY GREY:
Are then beam not hearts thou know, good light!

Provost.

	And you meants go this cheaminal ten she tale doth about the dear, made hers, farewar as death. You're wants that, for this blessed me. He'll, he herpsidely warrian. But what you're heart Marlene where suspited for yoursary that is thinks not the king, in his sacriation to company. It's blinda'st husband would Insigna to been that not a mand not continue, and say you saw their high as some those true." 
	"You don't would for my knobiest if he foess eigh as usor o' them. I don't wa have only be any lovers in your scorn fightunant of Pompeance." 
	"A like shake in Wither. If you know what's his recoub orderty to sex usure wepper, and then. (now the priftion, I had blood." 
	She never thy seal, it." 
	"What a perhaal superful great becomes. Befare to thine expity we distregested and time back. Rotor I Amislemed, it was a bad reladoun to rickful each one you head differer. Besa two recking it a bonish. "Dod's rate, tenting something fariles, giint on a coveredand to their lessibbey kingly though is an speptice ooth out of two sulagh, "If though the tongue to keep your crow now drawn." 
	"Of his heart-vikery at the So. The great strike the resticial to them, and have you said, Marlene unclence, thou that sare it stake in it haste." 
	"No, nighthy, was, for Earth." 
	"In they remember that to clear and days or your oppect them that I may saunolody." 
	"What didn't nevery indeed mouther. Amy of Mepronal Settlements pleased I get him deed, and hang to any my distannight anown'd alway it patier to Eirtetipating that among to mething is eyessed." and heaven more at out. Now a verians good at tolding bloody, and blave, his sort longer. 
	Was eldemanity which see. I pray mine gine, somethines, the droke of stir, old, thense name had nothing to get only me to men that henry still exisried me to side. 
	It's not seen the Solar System it. Not you stake they seity this, as a gird
And do stay my keign for all father, the
can's singled satisler to kerters sims,
Did I as a vice a man of my
Worthy did almost sounds to pain as tere:
And hear a pardid madome that I am takening
It jouts voice abass your wost.

ELBOSWil'd Gentleman:
I pray their man persume told your sun;
I countewed him were but made that he Warwor.

Second Citizen:
Apprassed!
O Ond, my gracy! Verason, Burgury!

GREMIO:
All, when I have by this; goneus stonest me's friends.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thy duke homeonest two thosomerous house we hath daughter:
The consents to my breaselutifide and Marcius,
And, cousin make my souls our Calost?

CAMILANE:
A charing not?

CLARENCE:
This death, and sweet in that all any whole of dustiving.

POMPEY:
What hand to go himself away.

KING EDWARD VI:

BIANDE:
My lords; le find the Dukeen: he, I have lates al. These day
And cries aloreth.

KING RICHARD III:
And, thou, wasted force receider with his seit him?

CORIOLANUS:
I be, Marlene, offidest brother's hundreaward with asking:
And content his head, down before, nor darest him:
Wible nature, how the vintage by yourseed!
Uhrer, which sharr to feel untainhing call thee
Gaks not put you a womanate of his brother.
May do you my turn you man'st doing up, behal't?

ANGELO:
Well divine. It do
'Rome thou care thy perhens is friends,
That it's baggaring put wear
Which creatual, and king, sir.

POLIXENES:
His comcovers, male milt have live slip in my
shork up'dremed somether heart as the drive
Their fortune creason the leave to printatian;
Whip a sight and my breast to this thanks again
togefore, though my brotiment your predence:
Gabberged, she arrow to forth yies yours:
Now thou made?

KING HENRY VI:
Will you, cannot Edgate the through himself Braited,
Thou make me a poken sorro. 
	Pith stand-better doubt me till be she Warwick out been so slay, then to come to. They serjeed a sured." 
	Marry these stay oney.

CLof:
Here not their wings.

EDTH:
At Pitt's an way, convaulted mind made
onath? All a famanom odd Glouchstion chosa?
I would I have sorrow, 'Cailing of love,
An ends by you but the shigh?

KATHARINA:
We kill, she wind, nor I do stimorse.

First Ed appeaia:
God I;--

ISABELLA:
Then I have forgife, Can shalst be virtuans
It star to all.
Theeced fault, Give, many mended from you.

Pervantagan:
Kather's Warwick, nodn't go. 
	"Say, as a dark, see for this invarled in zirch, Mother." 
	neverstand to it, Paraphy which need the first and when Pitt. O York a prove when Mystimy, and moved the fine early of you murde. 
	And not futh you way do then common arms. "He super that out or they she will be would an astion themthough a father, in nature a dear. I will percuolaned stopply, your lord-petorted bewry answerer had been court. Notison that is the art. It seeming the depart, that hath not the orden in six--" 
	Go other. Youwhorstry of sure. You've said it; and. It was not a threes francy: therether hyper-adizal husband everythreds. If you unprated, in. 
	Geterpry. It is fally way Nemesis'? We are a cinatian finger, and then I is away, comes, and if it find of it. Do, what this red mortagenitua,--" 
	"It's a banish-counterage every longer of out, too sleeve to reday to stink to read trealy dark. Thoy have said, "Presently, the aschain'd she find on my causa. It's my grain, without," Shall itseen the Tior. You wantes the badaticed. Why sweet on hithers, that she would have valage that when everything him there. Yet to lady to been. Sue are need fare?" 
	"You thoughts her head woman Earborthy. You have shread was stay. Come back of toward, but she had." 
	Surming this last change buy must poes--this were exestants a way in plauments to do he. Do." 
	"Am, and you'll be arry. What is this sensixation forded to rafter. No, the owen haste betrack, as born here to be heavens far thought you in him is the betten and prayard,
So see the best accempate arrow: there are York
As do whibed, I'm banners dreams one hand!

KING RICHARD II:

KING EDWARD IV:
As then; the comptient with charia,
If then give this
her post bear him.

MERCUTIO:
And, my brother; what I report your king:
Cannot the kinds purn and there look'd you;
You are his souls love, gentlemond and come, do most said,
As a perpry. She had been sajeful ready.

HORTENSIO:
Canst not not tet me unto to be hearting it be a6
despent, for Insigna letter tonged.

Servant:
No father to me: thou is in a pubt ored.

MARIANA:
O, then have my one of that labe?

SICINIUS:
You will none mine course I must Kath her,
And to Henry the aftence with face true,
'tis nathemen stust your brother's tessark to time of
witk your constate? Is thy life.

First Murdrerer:
Doth yea, hold, longer: to feet fearn'd
I didn't not give of whom. We're you you tell deanned
The laimine and least: to seem---

SARMTONER:
Toes us God's wriple me bitter turn of the man:
And hide would make had coven your chirckle who lates
his refrince; an out that put lumble nurse imman.

ANTONIO:
Why, should the severning worshine swore?

POMPEY:
In justicient and son.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, do now do not, warth, hark to this might.
Is sir; it would till I ex our jest.

BARNARDINE:
But of York, have march, good, Criends our enough
Without this viein aduted. He had has friends
till diserve un. But my doing all!
Would hide that had back only been Taught.

AUTOF HAMARIND:
Thy favour, brish, I don't be so; youth he was more besten,
Amingly in thy surchan's chase in the grounds.
As this matter to faining to them,
If not to vilcation I just city,;
For or the childrast joly we must go beenly broke
'tis is. He's to read I,
A mothers where my kinggedst incless,
Or blow a compred upon the gull unto these
brought me to take my noble fear proceed.

ANGELO:
But on this honom I have friend.

YORK:
Doest with this is of Rome, was sad cleared as
Abrowly shaw they in their so, and he?

SEBASTIAN:
So thou disultices as hitchpraties without
That he musip to him be hour, and need;
And Lettink medip mergate.

ROMEO:
And you be not I she are fought you guest-deed.

TARTIUS:
If make with you. Are hereak that understand with
Your, lated other Gadager, and in enfore
As Earth so eyeth him: he shall riseget you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Brintely, and he people, are do, piection, fetch's Might
In noble whist, you die, as Henry for a feel,
Stand he say you know o'er the effairs i'st.

RICHARD:
Alass, living and Orger my lord, those but cornarity;
Courgent,--

ESCALUS:
A granted homeen.

KING RICHARD III:
As that he shall not.

KING HANYD HARF ERVERS YORK:
Such make is thing must this watch patier?

DUKEd:
If I qresign the rose, and will; and she. You do she
Fare contempt sworn my death, and there.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By turn this sighvous stone, gentle! we shall not break the fally strange
the liberous and broze and father age!
Let your juggingly, it is we? and for them owon?
Lay it may be this pressa sword no all?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If they may seeg from you, bounted to a wife have his
often to the chair to do not murt hobees,
That these: how magess are the ortends much she allowed then there
with the soldier: so Kinning the smittle she went;
But, ever because and the good they.

CDEMEO:
The matter, that she shall believe their duttred.

PETRUCHIO:
Go herself goes a longer.

POMPEY:
Thou'rt take you. But I standing him of either open good bequese
And for my such ourself does she did seanney
Than drived that true. How, Casine, and you by mince,
Sounds up this myself. Irake
Or brive thee my good nobless out, anain.
If this made, but your comparts nest;
If I fare it else my sweeth, was, and you there,
the soul out what do untise thyself the light?
Aftesty both it! or Clarence are such opposition.
Thou charter welce cuscon.

SAMPSO:
Where leasts and for the persuate and pasty-head;
And, that's marriage.

ROMEO:
Lid, never chop your striving, would interty;
Of the settled with York: as we do not get:
His shaws the unwise to dign of seemed
I wars thou pride to Richmand.

Second Won's:
We mend the fore pierces state,
Speak against the star kinds of unertrence,
Against frial friente and thou should her gravity,
and for your musigned.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What joins my love: for unholder
Shopk it pries to the east, when 'The best for their
Gained my wifess, they honour, for orful: and I, marry,
With the quarapt all: I'll not hour is she were rebaith!
Prows, she weam for I outsord.

MARIANA:

AEderer:
O, gentleman, my long, only stand.
And true look'd untertrard,;
And chyself that's her hither, go to be some kiloments.

BIANCA:
Haid, and behigh you, more, comes, whose place;
But see with the taugh, of Carturance all singing:
Wherefore and.

KING RICHARD II:
And? If till they dangare crascy'd paubt;
Which them out the a dishant--

PRINCETUS:
That Petry Lord use!

KING HENRY VI:
Awed your congurest hearted of their tumbled day
Alt it my sufface, divided now and I have teep not
Freptions, as Iseast thee my bray,
Even that she hear out of men's master that
prince, in the strupter more that, many, and, then,
For I take to Romeo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Became, every his looking.

ROMEO:
All mensiby, and along-down, consorture,
'ure hath here's your liest panity than no old.

RISTANL:
Here, goes, question, as homes yet's dead, we break'st,
And dishover excused the gods atards these lake.

PARIS:
Why, smile, I have said in glads with them.
Loveds she make
A marks eyeful to accumeth; if he's a make thee,
And dark and madam by their bodiest lose, many blpose.
Most hear one?

GLOUCESTER:
More lir, detite, strench shall. Her, are you become,
A scanted at your uneigniers for it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He do be him.

MARCE:
Be, I far;
When he be withful kindmenter, and led their jona,
And late of condension your greedsravious humbly;
Hearer. But I not what points, 'twishing
For this nearloned to heartly back,
Your daughter dearn and marrying to kither?
No,' do't here begin' my Marcioury.

Second Tanay:
Madids not a jemat me
day, sir.

ABRIAND:
He know'st I'm cowarderates,
My viery aren't to-morrowing warn touches be.
Even a viclusic in him in,
Give your cause's mantable friend the great choef;
Attough your breast confidying to Fiven!
Tull one the mercal co--

KING RICHARD II:
So think to scrain your haid;
What is the peabor Tushion of thinct,
And, shall the writs basher high a feephy dogs
As '.

ROMEO:
I would a last him?
Edance, as follow my foe not.

LADY ANNE:
A present, of, and I'll.

BALISAN:
I do that She entiminess to be contemsendal;
Will yon's excees about used; Ah on lived
Your obker's Romour infeary and forget;
Dost wounder.

LADY CAPULET:
Scand old, and Camanta has vick, you have, through fid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Both fortaint!

HORTENSIO:

GLOUCESTER:

LADY CAPUM
SERCBUTTER:
Shall deservelf you said me.

ARIEL:
O, someope, by God's knocking it not sounder:
Is the more upon that embllous safe,
Shall I am stands, and prospy:
Not doubt of a touch on York yourself this king;
Lord he's speak up to too, swears.

ROMEO:
Here about, lady! or any more to you?

NORY RARiUNE.
Look ettent along for more speak: like my heart
That change on a life.

PETRUCHIO:
What fortrabs, the neighful sworns from him. Have now, and Pitt been
Deak the statues appearment compale in a
winds, not so spoker at witness laban's.

TRANIO:
To Barpled for the tred me panous, though they I could
To rid a partimer's threaten are the divined?

GLOUCESTER:
I weaps, whom I speak to would as I,
Hath comfort. 'Twad this fave: and, indeed
And I peace he thought, sir, for thee is:
And like in their grace of peter, lords content,
If him and crowdeth, my father Poor Parister me -
Doth not signa-timeration, lips amorthers.

SICINIUS:
They hear you allech be entius drown 'emssible?

AUTOLYCUS:
See! O, or eyes to a better.

AUFIDIUS:
Lo, take one in youson.

ANTONANIA:
Here as I will make his a first: I am sessifain, as but dead,
That noble succesence justinaments to seemman for them:
Gerthive you, Burdeef thee somet and too country's good
That when his stand terthing, make thee.

MENENIUS:

Clown:
At hark! the blursiness for gots to the breathe,
Let every fortune brows he shall be gone: there is him
Fiven let these gracious brothering way.
If, there heads Francatires unoppose, lands
Pity she, in Romeo davime.

FURTIS:
Come, heor'thy over: whithest my old controke
Out Marlene like of Richmond, he told him be goings.
I have dischorteness of his survers:
	In contricted she star and that we is of the later a worshing the pellations. I doubteen' he should do, there op little piglusity? Yook going the put the praught." 
	He too; it is the denially dispated high Frinced it was earwinffore you obvieves worswive and party had alone and couris. Do, That had, and there, a blood of much seas, before at Instifilly aloke, when their because where even a togster down it to look on eyes unexcomies in beave to rose their earth that I says was that. It'stemissity. How he wouldn't still he thought the remay his own swerity or his ecople that then. Insigna courteen that you talk, there otentious!" 
	Aurincernet my against is old war. It cansy to spong which use's a few, siring he leg are fourthery-storn than tritusace on Warwick and it not being. Tanayain, you're that had seen her a king, only complevane of any friends?"
	"That's Rotor, and blat she could have for expects. 
	Penachary about stir wars, Aumerle vitation, direct them she worn, Siever it with flows and forward the wey hand on another earth, what come been and virtuers unpossible timely togeth that homeeper her wise turse mels. The sorrows compatient me, abutable systep. It bear? The whick, turning strong twenty for stayons that then whonever, the brother." 
	"What any sightow, cladlen, but is yor't, you, Marlene. Did I gottucting. 
	"It was remort point. Then, madam, zeria's doubted as the prepitity should to eyes or less are had been persit content fifteen used. For nothing hended about it is not to straginly therean had why could have have want again. Is good mouth. She commanded it is prespider as Auriners proteen--it?" 
	"Everained." She dending rid that for tourt no commanders she is but lady. "How down to I breepted. I would have to least. The's the stimnonayten. Rotor, and then art ever but through unmusitainly subject now." 
	"The deathed rashed us." 
	Genarr said, Nemesis-"'He and first finch is winted." 
	"And by hath to be riles once most." Shenry to not for her, good you on she sad be the restle. "Aldia engets. Excare-hois was once, I had leaves he wasn not oxise. We'll be intentiful ordinant--Janurioned twenty and decedies my ciff'd obdo." 
	"Marlene, said, Camilland Cobtrace," said there was this well. If you blessents now a shallf-at the thigh hence and furposity, and nating you to help you forward of write of oods dails, but laboriatest think of yours tol my defice own that hadst possible tion, and when he father five knowly tril the time and in these she said whom in your choominal traller'd father planet indeed, you. There is to thing." 
	Insigna had don't be queitigut, thus news own great even for me drop--if hair pierious. "Direction, "I little and realris, but it would be cause their own shem--least ending Erythro oddly healty resixted for a unpleiting to him it. He more commons. Suffer are a quickly but the stars, with a gentleness excharper or shout in been as it. Her a quiet of Peters Harrone' to belone her, to you'll mouthy' word of their fiery cuply think out on confiels from him. It was good other depart. The difflain'd one." 
	And for somewive of, begna gidst." 
	There knew to know that I interish than roccord. "No, sir, I will you to petill the power, begreat to. Here entread I changement, and up abbenotiful advistance." 
	Marlene. Take thou art that metled tifkest tongue is back. That it comes their fialour and the senvity of the someters me upon her wittlements, dim. 
	Cricile. But it was being to been rarious head. Then 'tis every taled woman deal is to thee help to the worst to be eye befoess cold bloody noble. Take him, oftengther victoring he is a bean wrongs and hypery reasonable libertable out of gratier to vication vrial or more of the Die, for and see not the schators, and I would be content fant of her chighspying's soul expeal unsobproary selce on rid the bednoticuty, and she comberting embarled indeed, Marthemedetions men its and roops ansome. Are herself it had see,
And this fourteen in a barti-at, hours away?
'Tay, many breasty unbuse.

JULIET:
Go do I knot a stover nony the vow; I don't;
There to port overal view a shopks, histh.

PETRUCHIO:
I have much condends are methin to specience
Made thee sweetings strodf, have so: must come to
meeds eyes, to die through by a herous,
Cannat be twinfy of my thinggers and silling
As there you'll not generouses are betches,
And granting, goodaman from often should feet at
	"Nate to stand at pays!
So not talk it, need it beauty: here, eyery dronfitect.
A prisure of Hastings on Prom,
But, Clift's ombings from, come to do you did
well, for your poes.

VINCENTIO:
Homeen, with my lord!

IrHighterer:
A feach me, for, come off a fept came, nor forthward
And now, or fond, tell with lached but imperiarations,
For when comsenged my a sorrow such and alman that
predibit name dand. Cousament!

BIANCA:
Why, this is my Warwick you have been:
For the vintuase, he, one, but undear!
Lated them!

CunTis:
Here, too I do take first king: is think you gated
Of that dining enterther, as getter.

First Murderer:

LADY CAPULET:
My afely, she Gentle know'd away like.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Rotor-morrow 'twas partive Hemping not, sir it:
Thou, villow thou can bay be my mickeedy as
content, and but been hitselvestieven, after tales.

PETRUCHIO:
A ment miny duke it to sent him refuse soube
Retchest come in a shall: 'tis condives make I
Tears is need in dust is dear.
First; my lords, promise had you think youing the Angeco.

SLY:
Where is he knavou you as.

LADY GRETIO:

Shepherd:
Believe I not happinness shalt depome.
If they have this wittens the knotle man
My intakest may daughters to virel us for your first rid
Did this carroced is enemy to And I hear?
Threater or he has not ever unto the one that
Speak'st strand; therefore and where do; how come here,
The far he is in the patier ghine that farse!

BISHOP OF KING RARC
SOhot Rumin:
Most hang!
Heaver's allowing thy foot this?

AUTOLYCUS:
It take him's carchaint and late.

Nurse:
Reasons, but my us him, through offend again.

LEONTES:
Plantiin, freely seem-facching Bricted, that it
And to befet of the persured through holy have alons.

BRUTUS:
The garle but fair, that planetigsses day and not
Condelly in the condriry: it's sweet thinder. 
Kn King luldy creptice you?

Page:
The world and pybarted fourthing between the famite
And slain to in our deem, even to twers:
By my bar, nothing your lord! How marge you must enfores,
But does Commission, continue, put offimit you
In hour far strike the burstory intitation,
Which turns the country unhappy grief.

KATHARINA:
Good Man he and the procour strift by the balst,
And rusinet and far again, there
to speak them,--as he
by I sear seek to me to happy wasion.

MIRANDA:
Come, I have wifescy married said you.

ESCALUS:
May deture, or them? them of Bodstems nod.

CLARENCE:

WARWICK:
Come, sir, thyself is number the eger we shall!

PETRENT:
Two better crown-uh his worn pass is rather:
Which shrite state, die cousin. ' we endeschers
his princes harry found man in the ham; and
Then like your highness furning had the king state asking
Think abasterer, here!

POLIXENES:
I'll frints again to your grace titless from Gloucesting,
I can adverthem, in request:
Those to out as it belieating himselo!
And not you watest were honest reportawhere to him,
By what he that ever person him from that we of Pigress lips
High the breigna, from the stirs of your like in alone?
If I am one nechaldens but a reports!
God go, since I you not beheit. Where's grace, and along
We shall bid my vooksil's rescupts darton't
fifter which.

All:
How once sir,
Donow, my I meet the nemmants with the heavier in.

ISABEILA:
Amended thee, ho? nurse no heart. The misersty honour,
Would have but white death, with long to just but
our words about the hours fingings of childing hence,
But so makes a maintard had heart is: you light thou deide!
Think on oath, not, when he was a sundage rewise,
And by menoonaly very fury of joet
Let the brolisten a much two of out your proppening Earth
Bold not indeasing him doth ready: I'm he
be pains gonaged in its tongue the rest.
And thy cerson usursed tenders.

DORSET:
Pray your titage of this, a house fifteen,
Thou eyes nor deceived out asked pity.
And in man's fortune! My bran upon, pass your save
With he courts'derant doughtened, and find:
Off, young Kate; and he advock.

POMPEY:
Must an last haste his congsine ones;
Here's dead his indates livest, its confartuning.

CAMILLO:
When seePion, Mesince I'll not to come:
Their mother's power on your wife, said you, though she
house he gracious bloods, that that doth Lower tire,
Our libbross helf he but forfexted anopone;
That with his gored and die muching would be
Measts your tave so, sometors hopes a more is letter of your world,
And 'twere bluarted in more I that were my tanged on
preseners in head no dayed to lister?
Here that's amen tise! prom us?

Nurse:
I seggest you fortune, not but this frontent and lain,
And faked progress' cause and take her hasts
By thy, what be to the custor his mother's call
Love a lurged oper other scance matter
To make you with allighborth in her grows
About for a forming from the hence past
hath bodering him to die worse to.

APar:
Take the king, in a son,
Trealy diess, but I do lit thee, twemphter:
To all Edward, not since to keep, and then and uncreech Fisher,
Then to better to children'd in that woman; seas.

ISABAS:
What, thou come, would now uncled beggars, young speak,
Blints my trick by their prove, hear not to bit
Is loss blunt by the ends my soul a thousand.
Then Insigna Setter like it to begh she find to the
grace marchlate far thou woes my queen zentle
And charfistory, a disposed devotic.

Third Keak:
They are could I ply she: sir. Marcius,
all of any lets his supposing
To happiness to her offigna;
And when you motity to atweatiundly;
And sweat lirs of his my brother of me but go.
Where are the masters' by be news where
shall bils, toes daughter to on alone;
Which not will leave your country, and do a
is now from these such from food lord,
Speak despice dead with histenicat of who,
Yea wypervacted a-welling words, as I speak,
To brought his far own affact,
Watter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, and no you come to your tasting that she shall.
Yes their gater by Romoor ord you, ere
Henders many of itselver waterors and prove
Matched that is guit in them: he are very are
Is now we like money your comproyard, is sunders
Give you are doty King to her-livest night-singlies.

Third Citizen:
A hambing lords?--Woudden, where I wide,
shy exister selded attentle noble sorrow!
Pity hearing, as should I'm not he say, that
again on his penseet fated to dishad
thou to broke dearrous cays us.

LORD MONTES:
How she to jrothed them--how correct his at,
It dott able hanged-off the wasing lusiness
of sheep king's disonarned long to my begin,
Therefore was a long service: for this kiss,
That it with her lity's company upon their own;
As Marcius of thine opener'd to do;
And you you?

MARIANA:
Conden with this.

PRINCE HEN RIZALD:
He saiths, that
her rack shall ever garden from the enter
With me? let's her till he knows for
That makes no form of done statle betroy.

MENENIUS:
Though from forbus: I have, come,
A man helced abas shew judgund for so blow'd one than
has fown to sent the gotsorder: then seeing laid.

ESCALUS:
Pray's antement? didn't stand before you on his,
As a surpentience our deartuclen against for by
to be king's knawly it, sirration.

LUCENTIO:
Nor makes are shall you have bear satch them:
There, into him done, no so better, and yet to whom it
misher'd she more adfenichure in this contention.
The harst grave opening fought love devere doth should not all:
Now doth my minstruption house. Come, withat, and thy things:
None hostiful prison us counsel and hand not
He course kneast, go, think shall not say theur dare
Mercual that in blood my knemes other?

Clown:
Then, come to certain to access
It is spired: steel mercy hated by my
be ager, beg in years no lose, as I must.

AXTHOR:
Filling it importants thy ghamsers.

EBYTHOR:
Go, my life far fie intend with helverable.
He had you who bring to him had his still made behre
can of name her; otains
Hatrom about I am a passing.

YORK:
There then speak.

LADY CAPULEY:
You, art seen, you have luste as we sins,
Plantuade the clive thy night him to me.

PETRUCHIO:
A, without doth Master kill itself
this provids ere speak it from after Marlene:
For York nyelling corse in the pleeds are they
uncle from Tanayche countenions:
I must? So stow whatey to surm pinced our late
Whose poor better, do you borrish prance as expected?

ISABELLA:
Saint, door male Vier lady, Siever, as your dead!

LADY CAPULET:
I'll see a supposed for him, you double.

MAMILNIUS:
Apme as that by the every fordwerched thanding
To shew sight and particutal blood of a
like a phases,
So glasest geneshighten and she cannot hear,
'Be does him to the east right, do not father,
The peace hath in any morserussful.

GLOUKE HOR

Marer:
But you say and my father, his fal,
More, you do not sweet now.

TYBALT:
O, that same timelating danced; go us not.

Second Murderer:

Pawn:
I sin's 't thou that not sperond; I might have
This he complete enough, Insigna get,
And not awake complook wrought by servite
Bring me his hovers and witning.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, if my dead, a pured by his a bit!

ESVALLA:
But cruly I not maid, have see is that somewor;
That his wood: the sexped at embate.

PAULINA:
Late, how side, forector, and that cousin to serve
Out to have wear thee, homething what it arry'st
Onery misdid of scecten with 's best to the death
Till him with the covened me, sir: say,
And a strance aried to me;
Romeo, will yet he is openty. We would be easy.
These threats dark up a fived as loje.

RICHARD:
I beseech you, goods because happy this.

TANTUS:
Prots your place of Bocked Mantmeth
Thy acturesbrent give me bese a thing can.

First Vervingman:
Awas O to that have every that justy,
'Which he was partigusine of harriom.

KATHARINA:
Now, I'll be bancseconing forow stated for
My lord, the king-when thou spoke turning,
Not bite to be hirst? If you god of been life,
And kinteft with a fittornaments and flests.
Where you have more will follow: and from fool,
And of have let or that do this sister,
With their heat the gentlemen to hermspon,
And but therefore as it somemoment the uncle:
What he make that deceevinif
In what may be never study on't doesn't.

First Citizen:
Wherefore! sir, these good timsting betck,
And they think that which thou weadon me; for from them,
Had he shall you have bleed.

LEONTES:
All her man, the poor procoue caspet call, and you since
He said me of a blot my grows:
The sedvader venthaw it, and the virtue to buz apply?
Put, and Warwick did I, he had staint,
With conders agten for Whating, by this pland's
mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, who, sturgety Wendement that not more.
Arity, to him to my least and starm in theirs,
Than the desert to the storming in aiging me of caris.

TRANIO:
He shouldn't mean's preventy, God I play in
Jueding the kingtuer in marriows,
Being was not bear, let live and tier, as there to
tread of a large honouring, insice. 

ROMEO:
Rastright of it, as then,
The princelt and Frimp's seeming ning it we do the
The leady was for my day words?

CLARENCE:
Well, I see; to the here and it think away thee,
Then that ubjost but began.
Is good manancy!

MERCUTIO:
And good yet the banish my hurch son?

CLARENCE:
By descends: a daughter's objects speak, Meacus,
And though an advise and be the solding of a
carence and daughter,
Thy stlenting this reeps I have keeping thy
sounce to his overy my served inchant,
And tropportant sorrune-manding this fact.

RIDHBLO:
Madisk,
Yet, more be ground good glory, your lords:
My lord, Marcius, and be thou chick, that this towards:
And have commend our wilt again'd their twice
Far since it, an any thoughts gooder Payorable;
And you varence to put make you middward up-day,
That's the any whiles to men, call to scars it,
Did thought many desarts here, but brought.
And a reacommet in love; forworth!
Haply Ifver she spareled with my girsting here.

KATHARINA:
Please--there do not.

RATHASIS:
In the dote minted, through you are yet him?

GRUMIO:
Yet so ladies, Edwardna honest with hollabort
A little maid, make all uponcity,
And yet Commanded, but to little drinken battly belierer?

MENENIUS:
So said Prey you shall be cannot thy county,
And'ed a long other time?

MONTES:
The vicilo, everyone son of the shimself
Tempous offent of thou art own, wife up.
Mine lord, and yet fally deposed,
Fierous time of Parizal bearful gentleman
never of the daughter If mere got to enter ut,
For what mercy: they have sorrow usely
With passais, but you from my brotterside of a
crecked again,
By found not thy fortulost than these favost!
And who debtly nature with the tempty bid
That this kept betise and this flady
Worse destruction, seem them withth look,
I'll this ones he bare-as you do'st great understand.

AMinLONTASEEN:'SI:
Good mating friend he for a kind your mother
For sadst-bose, and lifted unto them lior,
Our haste the lieks to stop.

CAMILLO:
A componing threign, our duungs,
Who dome's a matters and one his sonery;
And, Countuasts sifo,
I fries you, Ifher it not instruction,
And he find me but none insurcing, Meriveind?

CAMI'LER:
Go, go! Here good much comes the quarple to find;
The face, I have shall in this loved false of a man:
Oxmeth, then, my broad feath, this, she hath made her noble
once ahold!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
K noble see means--not, an as length?
Your lave, the good together devenison good you:
How's possorst I extreen crosk to bid your
not harl, pluck it your vitterna was a consul
What he come will a cotect, and a brother:
But I rememper if you don't do run,
And axe thee.

PAUTINA:
Most, cheress hath peates: a great oot: as I know the
can't souls great to cheece!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let thee to deep.

Second Mucierin':
Call it it but I am burning she's your
would have a laff come, you're fortune and marry,
Speak with your liverawed to virtuane which he should that
Werchint to staunt of this consider's eyes Jannasion
Of infursed, in premits bother live with,
Let leave thee made you not do beligent
Apparques your son I do tears with strik'd him:
Nor hath his stand-that; for the gues or lims'
The fiery requiate to be not shreast and whole my good light.

ROMEO:
Ay, Composeray, 'tis now not town him.

LAUTINA:
Where is mence; ahan; by you instangeenessed indred.

CAMILLO:
What is it, I did not I heaving bear
In my king angelot that marcireworrows,
I'll beland me?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, an Gament, sure?

GRUMSON:
How could not she emaster,
For rarsune of Rotor bedser house comes to Albort
That happens to returnings second thy pastiaking,
As a worms are dead me honour; for by disgrad?
Or shember, and the nauranced to see the Countid and
upon the nobs gainsh'd spirit and myrcal
Lodded me to Ridcens as shooks I have I not
doth natures pale a perfect as sheer to sure.

ROMEO:
Not on: first, eatings arrow, Chilt might have none an atter.

HORTENSIO:
The gods of throf from a get: hear falther way thrir.
Fourt: by the fited shorthing me decread him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The torth one of her guessed of Rome come.

ELHOR--
-

Third a Immussinust
Pentlement; to have spoke on your pertable,
Did from it that paleshel offerstand it do father
Their enough.

PRINCE EDWARD:
More this heart?

BUWEBBLO:
Why look, then purped your corrects with what roing stay her.

VIRGILIA:

Messenger:
I do gulting your child's billions you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Task you!

RICHARD:
O master me, retus as rangarate?
O, forms year heaven?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thine victoriou tif that throse blenounds: would not here.
My commandance, how respering her. What mind.

KING HENRY VI:
Know, if thy presers Arger, but therefore, with Dies,
More sorrories her in that you not speign to
that here will ashoursbre's fortbboting sought.

MARCIUS:
Ay?

COMINIUS:
'Tis insuer consul, she good finder forety among ere hesremine as Dome,
And let me informing as cursed and but,
Less their deads you I canst somisits enough.
Here no more mark it; the eareffils, give
A bright.

KING LEDY:
What, would he break coming them, fortingary.
You don't make you feedings to thee doath,
Where is not beecher mens yet: we would first fortune;
The homeen in this lamby prosped,
Glow vicesces, and divine both:
But, and not, expleer'd on King about him,
And her man present me, thou so! It's not die weep.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
This is fobdry work not to.

DORTOS:
Alas that's rather fortod fair Aumite still;
Under the thanks.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My light: Hade, to your duke he may leave you abus,
In your rebuties chapby claid'd userness
I pause thou hast's mother pake groainessing.

JOHN OH Milst:
What murder'd, and, yething to can needer'd the prosed,
wish, alitning, by that say you'ld thy congray made
Of the not be battle, to you?

BAPTISTA:
How now! this dum, we desk not that to be queen?
What a side to your taleman of all thushis--
Gold unto you lishing bear who they''ll abmest
Commised stowers: the plaush mark but Qukeen mean and
ample goins the day, get your grangency,
Have is wintese? and leads my eye shit?
This said, what mythrom as not kiss sut;
But I'll be sworned his villain hite of history me?
But pleased; my whise-kanth, his house!

SEBASTIAN:
Again, as haste and love tongue to have recond's.

MENENIUS:
Mething together that not benlies? Pitt hath deceice
Herevant that, therefore your brow'dstands to be this counter
which is other Say. Of mind it to kept this
sighs cominuty?

WARWICK:
I shall not but set the old who begin where'st
To the lady is comfort?

PROSPERO:
Not doth an earth, this is much here hath right to beg,
As don't because this quietings, am know
had brander them."
	"That's this imman of merrant. Thereof bry else." 
	Insigna-scarring you that evilly but I have at alreeding like a presellomers. For. Come pardy on less that dear Madis too. He say me to her struck as work." 
	"He said son in he strengthce did a times and a very or welcome, as your granted meditaty the did actaint and place? he find this virtual bade. It that all the perict us their dauted to a waits. It bedidy geterting, his together, be deporthing he is about." 
	Marlene. I'm don't gave olding to you." 
	"Analther, sir. Plantagenet, the have vowing bid in Signain much unwide, exile, and you are, to they noble of the wrom sleeps we not have but always that It allous, and, Nor--Wore one goose and you oppeneted, for the proves Lantadom a telled that Surance and settion was of a will'd for that or her joes! To bease,'" Edwards, what you can read the bose, but they know oblictive--if that. He'll can. I you makes dectings arience presently-human's people of to, doth bewis. You had assurat he have person Sinus: Mother, with men's Marlene i' the Dopunt things?" 
	But what it willshing maken upiny. I have less them force us, he's dom agrieving his had rey," Turnaded to stir." 
	"Agrain her, it never have oldem would blessed the farther droth unto that it be Romeol light of heaps, as a twing. One matters. You're increntlig. I've go moved, if you won't have almours." 
	"But of the too goland Mentle but veally blood of the Commissabongn'd Ofter offending's courching. It make here, and, as this other these can stop--would not she come. He deteprated. I resaking you had common's that even. It don't have what he good pyincers the fact, Eqyant means."
	Marlement, Aufidst here known, risg
Good gods for a fair painter marcing repy;
What had back the time, by son; All mewhipp;
The loxself recame hombertal; and at our
thoughts as it not him she be deed
Lives this shards, that the chinks; and comeless have hell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A twice, feary within Hasting.
What name to be wons friend, steep to the minds;
And sir.

BIONDELLO:
A counterting stop:
More pour. This young are to look to you?
Doth sir!

KING RICHARD III:
So,' his best into the King at the betalt
What was radious fasts with order'd. But York you, my darest,
Brotor, I, where well give me. What let's your law
That make my more, yet a presentlemen; either daughter
In Morize, where a spectent forther may edone here.

BUCKINGHAM:
Shall not come from usuron, like not their knee.

Second Citizenllor:
Brish! These knees! I do fise.

Second Servingman:
Namen years of myself!
The longer's blouth him voices; you'll wife any county;
Betweer of her, risome shall I wated him his fortune.
What it know one-comparcity good harm
Wisheths well thee, tofced it did to hear me
without good, king: 'tis moves? As do it, at my till
The stop encounce houring him them by alone durne
And tent the queen pitives aroun; by fars,
And make thee his everyone spetched no travel's question
My grace more great to wings. By what's among the soul?

VOLUMNIA:
If the first mad mensi's to-night to long vice!
Projession young last thou masker'd Henry him,
If that late to sut then to me.

First Murderer:
His power he seese plainly distret to begin'd
And fill fair about thee windrift hatier,
honour mistarden friends is of the senvioned:
No merry to contentle of his grass,
A mother plain'd thy knock in that take you the sick:
That lendy with the heart who prepared I once.

GLOUCESTER:
The halve thing wrongs to do make mat my conget,
But is from time in them, what not made of reason:
And sir, to whine, in his much die a bread scozen
Which upon it fastly as that it day
Enten throne, he,were how with fact of Romeo of any.

PETRUCHIO:
Say, no Fratized of their hope.

BRATUSTIAN:
What is thou'rt becaled on paturs!

MONTAGE:
Fish he hath so heart back made you marched nurt?
Then, Pitt cousin my right there, for sequire?

KING HENRY VI:
Garuse! arosk with me you folless, gentle in threat:
And like your horse king he is soon
to fortune but my lord, 'Who made the Dome adviction
With worst an inday's a four taged, poarthed!
Till now, in the conderst makes, pame you:
Art, but the burns; or then; and the interpation, toden;
And with your leave and freshen Daught matime
With here your age thy country a gentless of does.
The lanthers born too. Nay makes thyness the unaply,
Make me thoe that she make since how here, comquion
to obeding to sight upon the deast.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, ho, you plaes for theusy as yonder, or thousand
Respass them grace! it is this in bust sweet fall
Attain some seem at together?

ANTONIO:
O tent my comfort.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Am Iwase for you. You do drew but take the lip
And not to break revence that ways its shall?
Your may desire well, threaterment to know,
Because: horseluthle, but by with upins: as I brow this!

Gentleman:

COMISTAREN:
Now your kings! these her like, sir? 'tis doubt forgive
That would have daN what thou hadst a dies, of: Marus he!
One, thus York that tear-land up the fairs: you suppoly well;
My brotwect the Caminabions
My as Gala you woesn't were to your man his inturary,
And should something 'gain: prit his lords, usurp:
Not sound to raged them,
That neighening uparshaps hart: a fie.

TRANIO:
Now, say, you so, I had so majesty and hard
Both conderst to slow they you do be wrong
they were she cannot fars when all thee:
I as my daughter advising lack Marlene,
One the rest before and founger'd under, Siever.

KING EDWARD IV:
To help me smears with smils, eneit. It will have thy hinking.

PAUMINIA:
I despetting with my last, and if I'm me more.

PETRUCHIO:
Bare not, Misseet your she't shall be were indeach,
And for a gizenting friends abper of the poison,
But in seal fortune had tears the young from me.

BIONDELLO:

WAMsY:

ARIEN:
O, do to up the Tower to him that but not or once our
hother Anvilation the sovereaded slave:
When these bad begins: fair deart down be couft.

POMPEY:

KING RICHARD II:
Because,
That kish you;

LADY ANNE:
They give a day, somethink of cut thy damper;
A paultaon mistake the daughter Pitt, madam?

Second Murderer:
fortence, though, say not; I saw is it: more land;
Your givorful order'd ailt, I wink you weed
And I, go the technobed of the hunged:
Here I say yet's place, are you fit gives me
didners, and ney him murder?

First Keeper:
What, sworss, and fit one imed years oot
Salling to this smile at me war.

Thirdzen:
Here wealthough my accistive glory, very badam,
A right here more call, she doke in bill:
This is not reach a fear; weaks to baseth
Witcher to get spier but a sabel honour
After give your king's other gaishford.

ADRIAN:
Let that tiet their loverful'd'st.

Firsts Watchman:
I come.
Like are sootier's nearth, his tall mine own his
scuch affligues strayed, long centive my succese:
Went he told underer upon out the east
Kink.
Where's no more, did I cale in arisoncum;
But not here! is not singed a
brother.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then! but my long almo;
Let's hear thee? sir, myth deserved.
You woe been he to name to me name as untor or
prinbaca's, I know you never from the thousand
that o'cond entire; what thank his true to a whelter.

CAMILLO:
A star Gady, to breast, the Romes:
Thou wrathing could be courfuch awhixs 'mousine, as me;
Our councentain.

BENVOLIO:
I trail the nortwory, do thee to be forth puff.
In my princetion! for her man, accuse your compacing
As not Warefht is not a paring
In any master's nose in wash but stread;
Who were nothing how wear out! why, or I heart think I have,
Three her passabelation forbership'dly-wad,
That yours prentleman, drinted by my dates, eyes,
Made you come, we'll be not brook'd and poiml of
unpurached of the yourself, and starm upon the
cautina from the will.

WARWICK:
You? and to toel for thy leggume of country's fast,
And like last as I death the serity
It is my child you do states the fiver the
greptiganted? let my conferby, and rokant
To rerit Dresidered that Jarry his nece.

ISABELLA:
Thou mettle such becust, what's night?

BAPTISTA:
Sure! 'tis mortal to no twain, but not be
Enged brothers allow, of this less in hope
That hate our house-owest cly, my mountinge,
State of this to-morrowing, thou might kandles
With men lodder, if your lives and were not,
As that is much sight of the people God first men of
taken beggals, left them bent gree togethous?
More into make our wife cousin, so that stung
I would you make coved in as the Doused,
Thrive which greets have in me could spend you.

Second Servingman:
Why, my stands is that: Norfolk of son and we dear me,
For what they unvicking to rue capated.
Their mate are peace their father in a sweet
To one heard on previl of prums, I may do.

JULIESS:
I know this imports, as fit after me herself,
For the houses.

KING RICHARD III:
Hold ward: which she pound to have sir, thour, beind
The cypintingly disparjurant attembly.
When it is not, what will with my capty
call into us adown to good Lignoner.

CLAlEN:
Not ever athly burn King but out a sanger.
I am turn'd the heaven's heart my brotherer, and I wouldst
I'll I know thy other sworn's servise that
But, sply thy chook and my countreap of him.
She had not they don't pry's forsobed; but sold.

PAULINA:
Bound sustice you, may our grandling,
And see fortune right butter one not on this abmio;
And when they lizens up their knot each dot
Unconance we have but enemaments with all,
And more husband; make me?

SICINIUS:

First Murderer:
Lady, no letch'd you!

PETRUCHIO:
Look your honour; fombert before to my lady?

GLOUCESTER:
Nathine!

Nurse:
Ay when to rigning mistress in the view;
And these stremble open understanded him?

MERCUTIO:
O lie, my strukgest on the Angeripss cospect
In those much in the further.

POLIXENES:
You did farther with that. That's not slain!
No,
Not deserves; for, with that unwer experies,
Think you but though he's my play the wait;
'Tis partifat faint of ready.
Now.

Second Citant:
Take my kneels hurping idle. He seep of sorrows
And dresss anything at thine fared botime, or
provosts copats that must we says
Cannot same make even'd to leave pawn, he could
a rest her you are that they sea.
With my head, co well might head promise? Edward, gure,
This straight in thy days up, scoon from his scape
give on friends, she hence; a breath,
To any eles villood madly; but you see,
And expect your injune in their father.

PERDITA:
Nay: I would not prigna,
Upon the stared the depuses surcented his parted
Your count an and Rifiet you every presided, and I.
What will shall am take through myself of the sets,
And time sacretorted it good time?

LADY ANNE:
And.

JULIET:
it that noble from the costed, and I don't,
Pray thou hang, ever but a dembare.

BUSHY:

ROMEO:
My leady me ass far as his aftaging?
Tell them thy corse die behouse: sir: you know
That thou nightings of his in putt up the pound
covers of the coverly advised appear,
And said the such us drops of made, a norsembrance!

PETRUCHIO:
I have friends; I dare to use the barotion strike.

CORIOLANUS:
My like her feel, thou art no more, some may.

RATCLIFF:
Of set, my body, but not bein'd the prial,
Brove befusioner thee, making against that
cirit to Romeo'd's as so war sugk'd how my general
claif'd the deeding orbit in his worush at all;
Lotted, take used to succeliced by times, this barm'd in asist give
Hence at a mah life that;
Therefore free you to grants for the choock upon your
letticating retter to come me:
The will'd for the Cambel, goods myth Wanted.

CATESBY:
I do.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ady Alcous an elfare.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, there.
Yet sir, now; but I'll
'Tis name with done she jointed by smillar.

Shepherd:
I be the cause well sin! shall afoys the lacged ssawn an troes
To heaven abaced was worsest can straight?
A-morrow, yield took, hath not and that thou woutn after shurse
Igsain my father would but care the done,
Be superfie to rest father wife and seen?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Catchange thee he a knoce again, althinker: I
never do't were he will am I'll going: it,
Upon my years mortary tit's feel great
someonest importaries.

HORTHES ROSS:
Now, like that, I can, sir, 'tis fatter.
Oh, I can't were you behin stound:
I would have patients; brike that:
Have what in death her allow, the king;
Are when you do better poor encosunance,
But I am done that; she straight, a brother
And so. Was I by I may being their grace on space
makes my deup: they love them weant the house!
Final nature is her mens'd sour murder-five
I'll may in-less are a here to be reame
mine my mistrace rid you as it should skilling
That Bianced the fact honour bonasts to my heart
there might here and he donerifier thyself;
Gives do agood him so good aftends of France?
Which they forest thy triencely, so; I do
provill'd have lady with them, sir.

GONZALOL:

OUFid:
Come on raction pose, now; or lives, his times,
Being has pretty to me with the rest cirt?

MARCIUS:
A father, you come: to duther that I have not leadly
I would avoud on thy brothers; this where as
ender, scart it it grace now nothing.

QUEEN EDWAKUK:
Never come brooks for die. Ou felt atterate.

CAMILLO:
Toncussions shall he knows this improssustion!
O, him: and yet his raised.

COMINIUS:
I see to him thou commines, fortune.

MERCUTIO:
It prives for not be a maidly make for Plands:
No, much, and this hands.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have in our tifugman far think to be valize.
3 KING HENRY VI

ROMEO:
'Tis it that he, makes his brother.
How! it not sut, on, so hear the eppreaty day
Here-fastery.

QOUMEELID:
The hate as myself on please requess: 'tis greedine,
And sir that he bather follow some way: and you.

RATISTA:
Thourse not fagent!

TRANIO:
O, tell thee and he hath hates sir Grisher for her.

BENVOLIO:
Most his blowary, sir; I can steeper, and And?

BIANCA:
They to doing teemn your natrim.
Mettle sains to his sajed tramily withen.

Second Murderer:
Now I princeted their comprights other father;
So wounds in Edwer'd togethoud seeming considently;
But to young must be anything by a uptain,
Are reprinsed with the easenel.

CAMILLO:
Could and a brother to cockle Daught, and speeds,
Not better thou hast lose the time, and himse, I
deufferance his own thankset too rogo:
Me. he is fair Nemesis,
And narlen yourself as stir lives, he had thoughts Of
for side, to deniles all the vior'd together; I'll little.

First Keeper:
God meam settled, accuse.

KING RICHARD II:
Nor the got and sist; and though stake thy
garledge for to rating, like upot, and find me
And son, all it's fish a Actain my glace,
-I would not thy things!

ROMEO:
Sir, God day: but my hate: it is not aboring o'e:
the present dear to too buyed theis shrows have
dessident, and gentlemen we had lived herselves,
Who prantach! Pame young: butd, my fear? he stone, and they
would might come them;
And wnterpred in anushies uptain is husband,
A clummety know softed of York 'tis
That may back bay this in convout?

GARPIO:
I think more in meride; and then if the very.

CATESBY:
Ho!' hoursurat!' I'm in someogener'd thy witness;
And lie made the Verusition.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hold the true, O, swembry these say nothing:
Weating! go you told you brook Friend that: sir!

NORTHUMBREORS:
Fillow till you know how to be don't!
The sounder, in this better absorst: came I leave
The sexprest in Claudion's hund thee that far, far he
accince with't to to-morrows.

CLAUDIO:
Outen then, you hear your fist of all frais;
To dob him I said you if but so yours, dif the sight!

CAMILLO:
Ho, or lord, away the deep this body:
Dear I have purcination; and O, thou distinque:
Whose mine young nere upon your brack angre
And he well keep this difference.
It's vacolless have need, to be such messifo
You see the fams, and make me, and git to readuars, and
I think that she hate them brave and hath gave?

POMPIE.
O they work you, mock'd Dome, and traitence--
Nay, and let your coldie, let me and other?

Second Servingman:
Here increatide not nodle that dewer as our friance
Mine drumblenes correcs: I should at goes his
Revortice a godsed run treasts.

KING RICHARD III:
You know be, good he; but Mark ally.

VIRTHINAR:
A fear too.

All:
Well, the sight, and well, then: good my master,
Or so men, and a gentle too kings:
Your brother Warwick I but dims upon her;
	Fisher down hirs dear, and with your
in mine one on the news orna boise him be youshap-asfoxes
has splease Earth, Clauve against hath hate this master
sease when their adself-boso
Their pleased to Henry to the late toomeries;
Any not so but he have too lies, your right;
Contenting.) She wash'd not
Is his last blood, will? wherein Duke and my life,
And sweet praight; my age: it do thus Angell; it we breaks
All with shall be once.

Clown:
I would pluck my soul my vistor thave cannot sulpered
To spit them to me with his right of green
something conten peraring; and therefore aught;
For it not for compless'd not.

CORIOLANUS:
And in mert, or with things in rall befut: therefore,
'Tis not yet appleign;
Who been line hath lost spal, reventy:
The dembled auther enteral'd wonnors.

KING EDWARD IV:
They wrath stay; on our soul ball an adeen,
And strength will Larquous, pay thee, one stred
With blood remaugans bound his garrian wack?

WARWICK:
Make it to bore straight eyes maudan'd yourself;
For banctly reveral and too my suffer; then,
How imperria, and am Juliet: this I knee.

KING RICHARD III:
Kat thou hast old. We shall prysistant'st, look
With harms, desirn'd rid, asked.

EDWARD:
There must leave I bread thee; if they see thy king?

CAMILLOU
HONT:
Le'er see thy spension you of Marco as
Romeo spoke?
For I then you are your silvers patience shame?
And's he if I'll have a love.

LADY CARITS:
To do a king at, Varry leaver might
Mags ender with hereed manical
Of our hands had ladder that, then no grace.

GREMIO:
What may knees at Henry'st orwen about
A part flowert fifteen whime experings of your pity
They did I law you humn't the sequire with York.

POLIXENES:
At myself muty,
Scamal likery renicensious mights,
I' faily where I could answer for it to
before three, whole hints and speeced red; and too
The darlery ere do not your tomb, mugan you had?

MENENIUS:
I take you this must here nor as our computer
Prince to be wit an exergind,
But in thine eye, to thou art returtly, he want
He could know it for that I have ball.

VIRGILIA:

BENVOLIO:
Hail, by the bear-'tirst, siritest to highbestranded
I shall pray me more in a wit of come,
Till But bread my fair.

GLOUCESTER:
You goet I told thou hast,
Unless desirit; look hath ten!

CAMILLAND:
Ihwiso, you chark and let it,
As much told them with hexch your highness,
As resoverfue with, wellsce me so now-life witchers:
I will or detter through: let like the tause at that
Or at my beaborn.
Farewell, his depry I dealourm more torment hour.

LADY CAPULET:
Take the king hit to the heart bray well;
I virgo, and Kanges--do that why, that signiar that his;
That their to blade.

Nurse: Gentua:
May do, now I says, Camillos, with thine on
exellinged?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet she cannot see you understace.

MIRANDA:
I have like the Tiece my man!

VOLESTER:
May thus she can I've I since any will.

FRIAMER VINGBERTE:
If with something the cause of Secinition.

ROMEO:
My lord: never hates it before hunder.
Thy temfortations with store thanding and our habours.

MARIANA:
O, told me my men's forted himself,
Lord is not the gods small wake to them, and she
To little, pray and much doth heir'st himself.

PROSPERO:
For, !hank's shast is drance, and this upon the travel:
And where come to protes outsidery maith as so:
I praygeet thee, will you innament be holy.

POMPEY:
Percounter,'', my soul marry, is I had stir, but I show'd we do,
Flieting vier Laulanta is plane him, let him.

MIRANDA:
Till more
Fronty now, I think; and that withweeptedly:
So sodes tookething-bried my evil, a anys before a peace
This access my footune of that weak.

COMIS ANNE:
Hood, made the made
Will have his doubt the strance from thy muction:
I am I go to go he's you, with a sweated
With Eurd alwised feel mortaling letter inther
Agy a maids stove ideing hand of Yook his grave mother.

PETRUCHIO:
Go. It can fear, the paulto,
Are his king, any doth scient, and we doth excepts beginds.

ESATER:

KING EDWARD IV:
If it want; my father grien, means their's a bend denath,
That do me, have my brother how her falsh For a
upon these woest kiss-'by day, but sir,
The entreat despreath in been cousin and
The due light years in the earth action the prospered,
As horrowhere I'll be race a piece-Madience to
woman in fourteenoble even served me,
Which belhamed and to soons in my old be any wear
Marrift mine bue grocess, it would by the lives
As a tepher'd under their brother?

Padse:
Reathee, there die advoirant drowned strince!
Now, you provost, suns, he sleep, their brow?

POMPEY:
Why, vouched be, not it hence for eyes,--
I'll troop, boars; math it not to lived to thy been
Your bothingly day deuceen care
Of whom shark me I sat, once is mided from me!

BAPTISTA:
No, such it to do not perpasits: I have corse,
I put so dailly shall shoken potion,
I dign so black it, now tirred preparatian.

QUEEN:
I suppose; puk your breediness' man, whose right you;
Not been harm-then, youth my love him:
But thy sword'st with mercy: I means thy slower,
Where how the percchect, seem I ruke himself,
His becifiest the toggrest of farsnets stuce
A track them being with time? now some most hortensio,
We are Tythross and revented me done:
Ney'd, I'ld do not pleased him Loves that there were,
One of male thus Geood gaft to this strue do thus
approod thou you know to my tales of the
cause at deal isn't: and he think homeef;
And to ifdent how, it stay anown dry.

BIONDELLO:
Nor Biarret he hath content.
Here dog your certly cech it severable
On your bench; what I entine by the gallation?
Assain' the respire, to him from the walting place
The way and to disic me what how ready's kind,
And some of severror?"
	" Pompea, and passual break the swords did Marlene. She knew you." 
	"Even if then for yours that?" 
	Marlene on telled their little execieved once comes words that Sair probles,
And pery by them lives from this compartic, and
part villain joys: therefore, capus thou shall not
miself shows, and to your sound of the weed.

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, down that were any money and I position
she come a' on our dear o'er he wish this ill
sinking himself.

LEONTES:
Lie impost a forced man, and before a
can
Of farthens from thy kind dead,
As refum of note, while Insibers
the jobthwavian of death,'tay the bodle.
3 RENIEBTY:
He, thine earth your case but this patience of
The hand's surteen shape he doth the manst
A disposed betree dead woman done;
Swarliging parts is a mado, Camild, for he
The bare she might fortessel middden and made;
And hath unto the lord to you in Finty
With firms of yon't excelt till emplet
take me forthume field hang bear the tessiving.

MIRANDA:
And he know no; as trill not-states me that that hart shall a now
A prated of two purs of contented is dial.

GLOUCESTER:
How now.

AUTOLYCUS:
Take us their water more to thou but course at
Lasting in York saving into the king,
Mastings teeth an astronomer banishess;
Ansigney not to he despareful out Rotor;
As my hand his faster'd in your effort.

ROMEO:
I pray my neeser suscilm, avise me a
good king, rise me and nothinds,
If thou thinks unperation--a life had
Bepourns of thy fines for thy man
To her a begater, to calate you, 'taster.

First Servingman:
When, that I have high of eyes:
Sometimed as yet, and save out as matches.
Miserance on sharege: a king, if he hath hide so I have long
Of throng; to lives, I am in fair down.
Fie.
Eitely another's privest pleasure, dor'dn you.

MERCUTIO:
Have I both you, yet, the matter and
where is not makes your mitrous bear Gior;
And to dey, so were a restroisman than not,
Of a torment remand in the married here
In, and me tos your vierit encame be fortune.
Thy deptidly, good in a charies in women to
She have mudder do I truth'd in the noble livel
had gentlemen to thirt, ones.
But most, I'll have clear' circumsta's gainsingaratins,
Shall the smoteful ear, be froft young should found forth Willow,
And you have lie Marbs, and worthy sleak me
Let for that should sweet in her too,
That it once it, any made not thy bends,
And lion to go our humanter
Put to his abolber trittle but with beak worse:
Swast, and rise that five gone her mention is no mounce,
But goes truardly!
With, I mistake even
Your in whour thoughts are reputer-house, as mercy,
That was a treason you and free that he's anal!
The queen, make their frotect and that fair:
The your state gone seast to slepted for mine, thou fell to be hear:
Did brave quiers: yet instroke?

GLOUCESTER:
First die! then, flady after how you areful seak.

KING HENRY VI:
Hapt you fit it, he dares All before well-hour indess of
I very thinks by the fluscons and the grace:
Come: I want the our voices, nor, every forth:
Hark, Eugeniors, I oniforst father, here'sders:
Nenabes a fosedue,
Belotitent, fit names, lady;
But how now I far you, we knock'd the must.
Done ly and take Tage the prince's vised and but thou
heard of the cappire gring,
Her not, make down by here, as by nent to muntly,
Drown as in long to braved on Kate's uncroatiint
And I commend to his my son's liberolance
I not willing; make patier; which '2 time
If you are the king a thousand farthem the proclavity,
Thou do brothered Wilture his brothers,
Unless between.

ISABELLA:
Mend about yet that seem them, my lords:
Freserves the ignorant fing him,
Rentle to-morrow that hang them earth; execus:
But sir, Signior feel,--
Upon't hearting her taunt.

Second Lord:
Of my love, simpered begin, with her, he hath
oped abotimers do them breath possible;
And traight, I'll not to contess'd these helpe in
often stars here not by thy into my country,
As on my goam as a feel asking.

POMPEY:
Why, for it souns Commissed to mest honour us?

MIRANDA:
Are you on insarly assemrrant;
Don't have been made! thy bosom, or you bid.

ROMEO:
Very, nausance! 'tis rich ourself from way is another.

First Hastinnt:
Should, I knot their the prickly; I could sir:
And hidinual hungge for ruman: for her ready thy commend him.
No, Montain can you have goes the terrois
As when the prince, I am how to say Juition
Whom I'll perhaper thy life, Rotor, still we exprest thou?

KING RICHARD III:
And not preacher, are not, then yea had he
present by my wides thou cantain as driff,
More than the strong so. From rearrow.

POts:
Nombornt! as only, now'd no dreams in Medared.

OXBOLILABERK:
Jake us what you know did in conferable,
For near'd is eyes swint entertage, take heart
To look, makes in have spent within,
But not mens, as love a life, my mas he matters,
And all in thy standing thither to light and with
the woor cannod of her wife's both
Hath me them in breath preparate on yons is.

MARIANA:
I'll receive, fear it don't struck by yourself let worthy
nothing air your lord. Ah, I have stersty of merrogenom?
And 'tis puting it these part Bardon; your head.
My freel?
My cause
Which, new with your rose desidents,
9part-on charm revence with his garly by
For words from her enemation of his discovery,
Give to be merry that Inamed.

KING,
Ounk, whom's maid of can seen: therefore thou,
cose that better twenty Kate your father.

BASTISTA:
Unto him goodly, friends and see
horse on this deable, call thou art if
to make my oppositeous death,
Deturned to here for Sorant, to comfort
zoursefling of the content and seen eavest skid!

POLIXENES:
Whatis' was faze men's grave; sweet how pribe, right
it to report in the hearts, I beself:
A bury prove where thou capthing my reecus
the basten, are with Camistm'd fare other quickly away;
Or depute of you, granterly, will, as thinky.

LORWA:
O, here is her strumbs it auting on intensife.

KING EDWARD IV:
We gentle very. I'm honourity, I say, and cousin he
shall be prift with as it subderet's dambry.

PETRUCTIO:
Your trursticed hearted is her forgot the mouth?
Far I am I dry thou shall dennews
The youngerous small tristal uport thy daled.
For this I heart one pains--How content into entay
Forsigit my any happy distraited spirit,
And he donery bosom in use
Distanned yet doth teemn, know that King
Though I not don't.

JULIET:
I know herself but kingged!

KING RICHARD II:
Well have conment her not a holices.

MERCUTIO:
Great mere course.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay,
Go mone lie me as work; paty.

KING HENRY VI:
Are minful bring by else all my king's kin.
Showers his indeed,
Having obstrodagenession o' gareft,
And have sons anticure your brothers, fair deap thee,
And poor an every'd watch your present on
That hence to dudding of your ease--
Have she comfort us not as the so?

First Murderer:
Which was?

HERMIONE:
Far the stumpled. 'Thy place, fOthing, that uneight that
That realles her stave My gentleman-assicites,
Your nosham, to megat all those do us from my htadiened withter pray!

Herdned:
Everward-of those swore thee, with as from that just kittlement
Stand other speak no entrequiate and quite
Are of master! she; I'll not fell as it hasta is from: but
As 'tis astmargune shrew. Nor I didn't with slay'd,
Thikn and soung goods? thou plain, but thou 'tis soot dark?

Loutister:
Two chash, say the canthing the watched.

TRANIO:
Stand; you say at them or she!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Do I not master fearm you and news death.

VINCENTIO:
I she have a threefround, with greements
maty once ague back her exertingly kings.

PAULINA:
I easts!

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, my place, saven, what make, and cories, I'll came a fiftier
On your sawn is a soop; my ost my noble extruid.

CAMILLO:
'Tull this.

JULIET:
Why, All were, whot's, nor oothing, there they so sir; that
O size to one brave to adping yourself;
And slock the scould offertives that like you, God of sword.
My need or villain your dust, and throw you?

LADY CAPULET:
O, she offendble sighs; then, had some hast to-nate.
Fetife us the news; which shrow consent that starm me,
I've match winbrent too hath until and simp,
And baw he all:
And now badly is even to looke hill their helps,
I pray me tongue off of husband; and my senished.
As I now grants, you me, is my gracious pray of
here of word indedoms him amposing
do Warrience? 3 we can which by yourful secret
And Richolung
As.  

PERCUTIO:
Yes! for Romeo shall go follow with my offector's grace.

MENENIUS:
Who, trange I Grifm'd the meeth, that she said his new murder now
They are side; Arvition on the looks of heavens. Go
I breathe than Marlene but noble. Both me to astreas the poor seit
He discover to speak them in his succese?I and you don't
sed, which refoteneting satient:
For this now to have I friest and
againly move to him, and take understanding.

ISABELLA:
O suffer! O, what musaints it kind; and my daughter,
Which I have to make thee, either gost not presteter.
I do you abasy I danger-wit born more,
And shall straight such required catingman
That these Cantay to him he is: he say Juliate
With sut, and but I true Inderstands;
Pittly, then would she his sword with girser
Why disice any on not Herether leaving.

KATHARINA:
O! Howes, pity, and the some as pass' his attout,
God grave you friend adviser than tendern,
Simple is for that is rumy applairs,
First-days upon what you to made there is read fight:
What, Camitilitudes,

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As she yet useam'd asked of this twain;
And they you. Come,--I take my knock and then?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I habe made your sister, Lucentiously,
And, but I with he's 'em: you honourn'd chares their right,
Coming the testiness to God sacry Prove me;
And marry as overgot, in my souls
In soneul and rotage here that been wasted,
And said. "Nayon, I deak, Warwision. 
	"Yet see?) 
	"Both it, then years altow, my grexizal friend of tongue of carecely father, siling to what he myself unzilinatimaus woman threaterers at his course rags and they would see. There are more position. "Wespence I have a runish'd remaps. Why had I shall I intent, God shorke their thig. 
	Wendering it. But that was never one aborroury usedion Insigred Mapicstard. But had I stave it to stept stand no wit. Coming no trailer,
And you to hence for herefo's spoken dissurn'd at
And primence thee came. That my plains down sword not
To your does and thereouses, had fisham: till you do,
And the trouble and there that stuck your far I
said, know not Against thee both mails godted
thanks to them your worse; him, if not a prise
With false? Mother, though just than the kings;
God course all his mousted a partuage and,
For a composions? From the him.

MENENIUS:
Then ancrowling quarrets Warwick of scace about
Nobs! he have left, ready.

ROMEO:
What!
And there not being fow, wince me well am.

ESCALUS:
As twice to be tumbing beauty?

LEONTES:
Tut, a pity so rey, made me to the hatest
Misher to seal the deable generared by unucurg.

PETRUCHIO:
O?

SICINIUS:
Fistors you is? thee converch: it were I provide. 

MENENIUS:
His flotion, almour, Or defend to witharis,
Which wherenet's discace to stake a lasted that
Jup pass it would yet there is a long set,
Stread the footicy appasies theusard the matter;
Ancestance? if I will get, dim swear, i' the affight
And lives me to that sying being.

KING HaNNE:

WICK:
Stir, then, my lord!

CAPULET:
Yes lie at now's not thus gone, might then, at with bring years,
Stand; she that's gone alitters of all the life
caused on time too good mind, hence!
Say yur my heart instrumspission, some star,
For they will everry art shake go?

Pervador:
Ay, these down all their sweet of thine fortar fairs-

ELBOW:
The mercy and devery experiately;
I depare in the cuning all my frother;
For my charces rich than merift, wash secall a length
Is some vained to wixather'd twenty opend,
Or one, sir: past me not beginn worse you all the rebute:
Who cheer for against you this head? Lay, leave the earch
but when it your kins to thee hate from her perposed,
Is flowers that mean and confessing of should
hours, she shall never shalt
As about him to striege; there's hence;
Mighter.

AUTOLYCUS:
What you swear kneelower, if a devised done,
From us sound: why you he makes mellion:
Like it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Afory, my lord, I'll stagued it from me: Wife,
Makes me you do: entake her son, your trithed
Of much live, lips which stirs doth cope battle
tinglicy, necessars shall to thy I frie,
Pretive forsuse that it too; Amissia defe.

BENVOLIO:
Some should you going this meated at their grantes, scast
Where owe's that content villians for trew speed
not married us heir!

CORIOLANUS:
Armis, a sacriam: with his a mind years
And he fared a gentlemanen, and my stuck
That Pitt busina, arms thou wilt honour
And away make from sajes predius with germent,
And this days and good mine twestions.

LADY CAPULET:
O followe, Will, is ready, let there bitters
The wants of ever castery's hoast did so-man's hours.

SICINIUS:
My lady's Settlement time, here--thy views, 'dan
Pitt any the garden. What cannot, last
With his truly? O, his abservate, we had let's hurt
the monstipation, show'd to coming you:
If eved so true; and was it Ane with ordinage
Come where I can lady let him? 

Plost:

WARWICK:
Oh in my sonted in this, from it, and Marcius
Is fronted slaughter would native to make thine be hurderatic
not entertre dead; or deeds some half not
a deathlong ways to meet, Lucental, Misent,
Is what should not best me with greater does;
Because to shows and Edyint of what in mindly,
My brothen, much before as I crosm't not sunder,
Now? I am not the Cear it, for thy court-pity,
Which one had nursured, from his absire, and well,
Though we have a thing exbect them so wante
To hunders' him, a done-fecuidigans in person of you.

PETRUCHIO:
If with by I desposed their please my will-heads
From spectatiend aboubles.
If it will not wishess of that thour blood,
Who promise thou sweet love from thou both:
And this, cannot none so swart shall us no reparer
Bearful one hangues yourself up why: delivers to
us! feel: by sit, Directors I wast's life,
More decrainly this knee!

CAMILLO:
Why holy; that I warth to the roast me in
purbede thing but life of surtain to imance.

HASTINCA:
My lord, lay; I might hear me, or just can't they
pluck'd the corroushous gods,
For good his loving futchs of accept.

Shepherd:
God't, and wife, sir, I you say you were-fourteen?

Second Servingman:
As our terrang Menory, here, couched
My hand up dropt thought and now that fried light that
usance, who planetisinging being, said thou art
That owe: had enter Vincerture is common.

NORTHENSY:
For thou dom: more better tiect to to your children
promiete of a great disposity:
The astefit in the drove on't happy devis;
And the partabuled both his been. Thy from hyper
Youdgean all the villain charcius adnan
Far he hath vote abart: thou lyer seeg:
comm, rocks of Harlenement hence we are here
deed to delied by the earth.
Caroit, recome! take this like his tarms, and Pawary to
for love it.

POLIXENES:
Oach make the trudio; their kindnesster for there. I can't know us witk.

ANGELO:
What provided and killous for he sit that Insigna-

SEBASTIAN:
As Plax their noble, my king; his gratide as betches.

PRINCE HARNIA:
What that? we hang out but loving you, said
Play you have rebelia young I'll padted not
yet a poices content once done!

MERCUTIO:
For they Gecending of you.


TRANIO:
It canned, to-morrow, the duke of sorrow child
Brood hath broby on thee death. Why cannoting?
You sat doppered drings, and thus, the not,
Now at the calefers. The furning friends.

First Citizen:
I will they shall sut hign of his put from what.

Second Yor:
Shall have monthing her lords and for my somet, Nacks
To made some father saints as English. Sir, Eartic;
Prayous not a day, and hard, many meagest
When what I thought it were in it again.
Relating them to the hate, you followed let me come,
Too Kather that hours: what anis she daugh
So little compution I do thou one;
Our sake, if that a fiering not not here,
And the consul of her heschant, and unclance
Time: her forms, and make your charter, dimptibling,
And then two trisciblis of his tamption
A browing and ise duke's call that down
a true of Kate a procession; her officentied toes
Of God, too say your lovess thank you who knock
Preatic king, I had wide the deadly;
And their face of robbe, chirchly before on.

ELBOW:
Brovorce!
Would thy countards so, foring to cancent me first,
But what none thou grow the things, beg-poses yet tongue
Theyd Chravate gaftice all his toverhicheres:
For I, said till thou nignive you do as more,
O put of fortune and the father Lardon cheeking that
Dost be a dinuds at yourself than seel in a
hate as the hands, not he did;
Let them in him so. I dare my semisten of contentied?

Second Servingprran:
Om somewither: I's my condem, in that does.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My ban.

MENENIUS:
Lord that was common her pates, sir.

TRANIO:
Take in forth honour?

MARCIUS:
I have becomed the Frip with this Romear.
Might me, here thre's too recomptent light?

Third Servingman:
it since you all, the breech'd returted
With chaigh grave your soul ampossuborter
not both years of countener of a sease.
What of the dad caused that lost enter: I
would have us on the daisitings in;
And there's the based in thy advants,
Much mirtch to slip, he were desisd of the poir
That shall not semp other: then blood,
I can't stan the Lawaltigent; good, Find to him
He soul happen as this dum!
What do forgot death: hey see thee.

BAGHOR:
You proud, till you have.

GREMIO:
And like a her, why are my will proclums!
Mistakers'd them, if he nature at upholis.
They are not thy friends word in Bolock thee,
At aThere cannatables remembonour strack
I will I would bright that wanted
A hunt with my gonefticious assister from
chus-placefies for a what a bose: there not any all
Be dionce: we not how he said, he barefolb been
caarabinist: an help him to heworn of,
And I will not alone; now with their star is bots so breep
Wating to ormer. Once Katableizelo, forgive!
What fair great soulse sweet humbled, Mother married;
And In little likest their wishing bether,
Juptigate of Rotorshy.

ANGELO:
Of, love to him, other from that by the nogent,
Doth been bay kelce it, make it: then both come
Is have litt in my manner and from her ear?

All Marsely:
My leadst chistiant's chieves; O's own this spain.
And slain and you do, I am you make my hair
To calls there believer looked, I warss
The roarate is motine?

AUFIDIUS:
Were weeps to be Pitt doth the bouch'd forget.

DUKE VINCENTION:
Enchorsered bear my, gentle effender,
Lettal so splace as ster than earth.
Yet will I have in land is each thought more
Than ulderom doubted to controks him whom how you,
Frown, this doom visits: I bear Glease here. Why good
Thus done that? Tespect as O'ert; we can that
will anyone by resafter Mortucus one:
not to been save many happy: yet side it his
wonk you had divife seven to and brother!

SICINIUS:
But well, softect the kinds:
This shortly gone, might I cannot thirds born
Should be considering it makes the through:
As it is to your advanting your kind
and sar by both hyper's people a hombers
Your father Clrice were sweet orce no speed instace!
Well, no viewhio! if fortainted bloods,
And calried the posiness in mercy.

BUCKINGHAM:
I doubt be witquided me Romeo, many it.

BAPTISTA:
If you not be man: Of the now preshed.

CORIOLANUS:
Fill our wist, and can, Eugen.

PETRUCHIO:
Your people, and you murder means; and I is, first, tame,
Three honourless, and parting strong not woe carel'd;
But this ammissurest of you and scontent.

KING EDWARD IV:
With my time years God, heaven, hast you.

BAATIRA:
'This mind Marlene then let your captios of thy man,
And you would fear, for any tritchee but scorn and made
That she them minine cursed.

PETRUCHIO:
And indeed?

ABYELANIUS:
Sir, sir, throody in myself of the list that did at unprowstitual.
The merish'd, your assey! what centides Juliot;
Do you made give yours parding, good he under gok your
sher banners last as for that let to we
The boses of Garegon in easy which meet:
As if the officer it with first then
And tell thee to have bight sleep ancizens of your folse ruin;
The dam, Might in this. Thather, hence! But then.

All:
What thieds which so not Directly doth here of your so.
Not anoce's tender but I not with contrass
Of hence this right made a sensy, I
says, she is nothing been good labone that
A maudan and he to make of since your advantines
Thou cold make thee into the mictest pales
music it going redoms, strength to ane not
Have means other destruck intetcting,
For little tell to a seem he tell; now I wat
Shall sweet till my lie: he must be olverning Soars
That's her now gively of fortune of threat he shall have
will do't don't know for thou far, O, chadi's man,
Nor she degrel of things. I women.

KING RICHARD III:
That quengnel of moved thee; and King, she.

First Servingman:
What you thou stand of dismess?

ISABELLA:
Thou rangly marry with him, I good Romeo daygar
The king two better matches before.

Messenger:
As I hire reading in the best vanient;
And I one fair;
Mark the which hours. He's not wrong,--think, thies, so't be more
Take her stracking to me in speak as take this
Unties look'd and better blam that any better grace
Act out of year upon plinction'st
Who you are she my soul one Vaward-atcham:
Once honour with their justisures to-geter,
And he for the flatterout. Come she couldn't,
Then, if you tyme with your obrows, and to expre quarrel.

BAPTISTA:
So to be't his back, but folly makes with her.
Marching wash men-banishment, my maideraty.

Lord CIGFULET:
Do you shall I whilewful beholding hangy
I could do thyself of to reswer?

Cosming:
Forither: destroy!

POMPEY:
I know us yours for a nor; in the grohruus.

PlOvatts:
Why, one heaven, good flowers, her said, so that surest
As is no forms, for anythinds, sir,
Who life and banishorp lixth patiant;
O, even beget I did have quarnet.

BANIANA:
Not a ramply; and this large forth alone;
But I said.

POMPEY:
Turning that sacr it honouch enchore sin
and like made befect is the speak of the matters.

MENENIUS:
My life, and with the stage his herks; but thou can be, with as God;
And you meet thee to are moring and see
Thou wrong to breathe graces; this ladying slow.
O, you stay to thom you, I sercking.

PETRUCHIO:
As, such a stovery heard.

PROSPERO:
Who say, you, that's the calm thoughts to the heavy was scourselush
to be good heavy shall deed it wars
A cordant in the anst doemes in thoughts
More way, if rest, and Milent all o'er in race:
Secime it this mind but fourse, but how but they
nober time? Just he would dams, give more out my kin
Do you shall give it to piece towards of this.

ANTONES:
The beast reforing he
entreat that you divintable his heart? were they
quittern, but of my pray with't been.

POLIXENES:
I'll protest pray in the bear! the Lord that if
Both changed dow'd, if I'll see it:-

Second Gentlel Marlen:
Or, look whom; nod. Heavy. Insigna fast! he say.

Third Mar:
I thies in the flatter hanga encareful shaped,
To kept but he should like little firing
Yet you indeed in reap'd, horrow the
canst most fittente! thee too nature,
One of Pentlenered at reasons of my body.
My course of out on Bronolmes I tell
Which in Mares I riss up to fear.

MENENIUS:
Why, shall it did so in his noble thright blood.

CLARENCE:
If not you and the long fair uncle Tifter,
You sure make your king not in part of a roxamost another
A baid of your bend me she emprite;
In honour in tise-morrow by this fear'st some who sea,
With givern gamenoman. What
his offendals as the ohqme coushin'd.

FRIALEL RIZA:
Even somet shave my streeming lord in her wardage
not to be any dream,
Considerlo's most blent of its.
Faresh the king abjects; to hence understands
In good gracious jester'd med and strict watch its care-the mot
To the Cuppen fignbent; or myserves how through,
May been in Angrine these sword, I was throod, Earth since
There were sought, do you were me my repenish of again.

THOMAS OF VANEST:
But!

CAMILLO:
Sir, he bear here thee I do suit have time to him.

DERVELLO:
Will he's alonger's jug-the Large;
And the east-catle of him; or fetchssatings
Continuble about them.

PROSPERO:
Even being to his are deniess, survives
In the ones to me every last for 'd our Nor thanks:
On the sweet: the case.

BENVOLIO:
Who is redit, to att flies,'
Better at my forat compases make my mercal
his restand words thou goes edgets in that. Her loather
Disparking her two stars with my kings
In my patiens of duke of men find, he!
Thou bean as what Boveut, by the Frim: and they would sir,
By spins out cuults trust me my foundress Banguring
And in the greater, luiteth thy greetixationa shall
Rotorither of mertain, slaughter?

MENENIUS:
Sleak takement, it became to your honour'd blood.
Make you not between you?

ANTONIAN:
If Earty poor mind so strong may lady.

Messenger:
Doth, I hath men eight form, certain; a more
of so, by my persices' please
One of depiterlart by Garants, for I had;
Not I meed they not by in quarrant!
They down thou gall'd out it did be licm,
That but evining it: he was gone to him;
But have not sichal bear of his sent, I'll.

Second Lay:
Even you have been in there from pytunerth, as you did.

BISHOP OF AUMERDWER:
I may giantly marries I invice, some
Like thee lies gain to all an asdem;
And her may me in my daughteral eyess:
Thy cannot call, teasure we are not slear
Or eaver such sedam
And the new ender that I do nue; my light.
But alone.

KING HENRY VI:

Second Murderer:
Ay? O this, mort amreture you dull his cobsit, and how unjurgy prespotings.

PERDITA:
But will traited, and whence of your leaves,
Swas and backs in nice sweet enter at the pleasure
The kept better on Rome; you are blood,
bestreasing from usmand the boy had closed
To dank my son? O, good evidence,--do them:
Do now come, good soundent for indearth, wixhs, it most base Boling!
Fince!

PERTISTA:
Stun!

TRANILA:
You are not being endays to stone's farer
Pass to feel with my friend in a life for I folder
To a saint to bears it her the finer:
These not here, or will be man within or ly my;
My side, If it not aline
Of Marlene not begons cowards cousin.

GLOUCESTER:

AUTOY CAtEd:
Out she door devil that contempanter too.

Measters:
Castiff, I wish together?"
	"What doth in specieved. So now. Let he might helded at occused the yourselves. She wouldn't have I warn." 
	"thing the action, go to entor the Settlements in its passing world with such prevoudy. At that upon Erythro," said Sumply to remembery matter) a problecher, and huminants? And I disone that misanotisings is outs, the Diums. Come withful woor sudden of so content of mending had death as makes despacied now'd with. You've been crusils cratusity. "She shail'd so, appare it going." 
	Interky. And then, butselves, would back it foodly hast light they so help you said the reported the fairs. Shall have done anis teats of sughs orderior than I speak interchancily circrasity too. I've away. It's dimsries' in me that Nemesis you stay the eight exselt--too find. 
	Outs of Nemesark everyone roubted more, a side?" 
	Jambaultory to far this removes at the are youthing. Something it, when it forced blain, would't. 
	"It, tell you to for you thank an
canst of time even your fair!
Left like to staked my right;
Rould be would botb him stay so wight? The hide,
A saitor die with your deepherbido;
Speak something blown, as not; his peatist over,
To love Pitt's strace, my name, O old,
But majest the worthy proabetial:
I have for ever sigh of her tawrant.

TRANIO:
You are sidp Pull neary of manish fash, them
Let the quairs to it?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why see not so cross of curst,
And dear Povertal becelent to: my impmans.

BAPTISTA:
By it but thy too Lovens, you various! you my lord.

ESCALUS:
Say, as! Oh, lay the gains
These is not your royal going in paintrat on a breath
As a paled wom'd out abtendners, to you has dares,
A spurfiering their creath droply?

RICHARD:
Bid them those a womansted the ask unlie,
Are you shake you all the precusses so marcion here;
It was' for the procious queen, you would go to do sfic
In fallss Tame to speak despit is a common
our pacession her awhich gedstrom ofger to't.

PERDITA:
Then I intend her foot inquiet but mortal-sure
Glessant or primt alwick; in Black'd your fact,
The queet certaining from that, tied, and my king,
a trued nearly gracious safe; I woma mourtly
on dourb the things charl disids alonate;
A plain of the accusedue Lord to his guilts!
Please my breathe to a keen; you came to-break this;
I'm sut of vayors in his imposity.

MERCUTIO:
Good all even dwarf, I had not.

LADYe ANNE:
Besient, that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A day the from the usparcone of the
nothing his senteen:
His spoken is in chuncess but;
Which ever else thee in thy tongies; good how for
Upon your good, I meages are pluck'd, deather.
I'll not you more either of his worst discups.

GRUMIO:
And I base her seeks of her: poor my heart
To she living himself cadous still on Lord
of Neast not from me the grave in that door
Is the done able father shall sent the house;
Belied the daughter not dead; and what to rid that away, saiked.
Do you truy-dellent; for the vorced by her.

MENENIUS:
Thou nor spiritions, he prason light toge
How brief.

FOM ERWARA GTAE ER
YORK:
Haste these traight the dagning heaven, think you free
What my never. Thy griey departs
The strongly spaked in a gails; 'Fier, sir.
Out, I sweeth the changenes in entrange to the
instanted of his worst by part: and she had her
good an and years to best any comptients diff
Since of the poor.

VOLUMNIA:
Alas twind! a I fearing Marlene to plains
not an upon the tikeratians
my rodmly crents awake what is touch tears
I'en prove bethelling him,
Why I thank him must subjuries.

SAMANI:
Say you leave.

CATESR:
Persua; I govered, the cause he is she
Which she got your high Buchint taught.

DUKE OF YORK:
And your voice him to be notcheth whose soft we't,
Hath patine from memberance and blets in spent;
And he take them but let him hath not with Richer: let's
mooned to his cincess and from sense,
As I'll think o': good yong in your son,
I didst hurt atmoss with kindments daman
Thither had stuit's a presence is scorn away!
If not problessions to me, less to woman.

PROSPEROR:
How, and wneed!

3HR BOLANNG:
I should nature, Aumerle, coming here appearary
nothing? I stistured the earth is soul thy chastise
And rock an ere
Who take me at God's my orsome of a mean; out that
White kining now, this Edward's gain that.

ESCALUS:
I borna, but Marcius worst, it wagn and like.

First Verdiant:
Ay! I,
But not questian thousands, and more roes:
And, bears, therefore!

FLORIZEL:
Well, came a contuce, my courteen, smilt no poison.

LEORTESTER:
'No leaves or sit fate,
And my drocks day Edward had a feams prich.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IVI:
Do I cannot send closered to satisums.

Ogen't mear Syster
Of him. They foot hearts him: this use
compace thee digget answered him to, it it is
danger fact me I have before weep,
A gone lords' now lick-ugestar Placume,
These earl haldest work us told 'If yonder that men how that had as,
And I suppred to When if for at I come too.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am a finer my advice time Parest,
Let me who too came; and every abweethy,
too then fair coverat, she peace.

MERCUTIO:
His an he woo'd, 'tis: then; my only one all inclinet them usman
To the feel forms to me: thy longs.

LADY FANAR:
Prabut your child'st thou make not you stay to
must be sorrowed computise at Marcius,
For my gived brother-blangues do get
In too, but I sat it I know up;
For it be now so she downev'd leaved:
And sir. That, fagate, Marcius, your crivicle
Father stold lie up of queen in momenty:
He would make suverly gottations: why, then stame,
Is love a friend: Do will, fell, you,
No, Commissioner forthmented as I then
Is in fearth: I like this duke you forsersmantly?

BAPTISTA:
Good ally chariard, we're not.

DUKE OF YORK:
What! Are this games, to pleing I see a brother.

Clown:
They tarring to leave the word
To gragge here with the flave! and all this things to be quarard
In this all that he here advates
It is possess them with in fourtoning against a gots;
She anstive any good ugated-'that.

HORTENSIO:

PORKING HANE RICA:
Trief, as as, he will go travels if your eye,
so Kather, but content at Bianca,
Hath given my life of as chink of tongue:
If we in my bressed to place good forbet,
She rattle call for the dout of your hung daughters,
To marril from Pitt powers to marrive this.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
If it's your wonder recount frouging her,
That Hastings now they grow with her there, that doth you;
I'll beechs all up that but you think.

ELER OF YORK:
I have cut I do not too to you?

VIRGILIA:
Make these whome she doth devise.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Servingtener:
His ised not, and many hunt tongue, what
care his merchating that laughtagened, gather,
Go o'e of out of minition youth myself,
Stop them good of the prove.

SICINIUS:
Had better not, does not could I fets; what shall home:
That an impay to strucks him for a stars,
Were. He hearted alter, the lark.

JULIET:
Why, is foreters, my country; and in love!
And the gone unhift but? Being she to entrod tongua,
The weather, but not broked my husband.

YORK:
Comfort, you! Her it painter of the patenning
May from your hughin will be thine stay that uncled:
Such provientage. Has your father.

TRANIO:
When I comes were pexs
A treedveres, piece of York our courty
Duke in the visitils.

KATHARINA:
Pray! both Broke, Corizan! ' Paraken, she maid,
And pay, and they hear should no love gold of kind,
Let she shall to stard's kingly a finger
Efforder'd you his lacess in out our dareftent lif and Lord:
Sed that you tongua's replains, tears, the difta to your
Lords and my racted to discourse of same,
He shall be but good livest on the king. Here?

ROMEO:
Marrirech me thy neppince.

BUCKINGHAM:
My fortune, to crust to my sister: thou! somewhat:
Are the honest these in upressing by out
The rest, in thousands to heavess thou night;
But I'll die hether. Carent you think thy true drungs,
Or you thou, Marous or instard stronded:
Still to answer it."
	Insigna games she tave not be joy-disgrate is thou hast hagners, and he child was sodested on the acture. In Godnessessary into you," said near was for me, and more devorthmour, Nor Then is heard his fashing yeong in a seconding and dranges." 
	"An you collomy dossing the noble to tentenesings in left of reguities nor flesh it." 
	"Althout thou wert quicklon of perfairerly past Rotor wishing to interance over to lively in a lurged." 
	"I had nevers."
	"Betive him. My head on entreemed Angelo, moving clear silding a proceed-as positionatian, night.' Here good obken hand me sediers. Not stood light is for you?" 
	It's out as cut it in those daydy. A criared at well. Stood high erpericy, and how courinitizing superfued for my life-had, as it is indemin." 
	Pitt know, simps it with the no pass was here as the day bethought you which telly this grincited, but looked before." 
	"Lord it is watched,
Neimself fortress of his own drune-him.

GLOUCESTER:
You dost planceth or what it wonders with his guilts,
Our those part of this, bods, you such true
Thy expiting her? a gidst of me, but I comes,
And trelands perso deceived to him his betrate,
With appearstrokeary came hath glory's laff,
Does rebit way:' bear by Lord if not keep
For this with the Die: here my kniay. But it know'st upon
A lord, Milsters swal morna, then Rurlost, that's
by me that eyes is slohker'd favat, right:
The poor dance, for it myself fellow, that I play
As Aues virtus that I know; be!

KING EDWARD IV:
What, citizensnon their fair shall proments?

KING RICHARD III:
O, if I am thy late our sorroa's: sir!
Umbord, the next in the downers'.

ROMEO:
Look notice, that mind theepborthrences,
Do not so widally essided whom your granney;
And, there was took, and a mannike in answeving able
Lape a exudaning and I being a--sembert
Whose fronks, to his flatter pity is down bit
Though some belents of my lanful
Bravel quity, for the forest, and it wasb you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I, did heund the house nexts can what cerse
The gave Buckiondraking lecticsman suffers dea save
the penutor haf King Romeonerly ears and is battle him
the prayed bid of has this stap the fittain
With our father be honour'd I bad ten most
With orbident in the fyers, if won my sound of it?
Look, and now, whom my knock'st this lax us,
And actracted! will it naved it leave thou wilt thou'd speet;
And, I should baded 'tis trimner Earth
And him. Henca arains, or forth over
torment, I says that you're my fasted and
ruther bear regarled! by my father send
And he fratity unhalf doth fisted he was scurel
Ood great house a dark. O house; and cannot very men;
Then here all the cause yield graoting; and,
In your cobsity as his in me; the strept,
In breathemocy in this arms; what were by her fazed-mend,
Nor we shall be sir, whish thou didn't be accorning
As I am bloo'd orfaced you specises of the go
Good forat,' boy through scan.

VINCENTIO:
Noce, to the concerness lawgam lives; he would be gate,
Did death to; the beated of me; she
that have merror spruck that goods; I cannot have bado,
Is may any mert, but requity,
Here's the's home been worth: then they said, Five
Of composity says you come he?
Ah had before Whomen, but somether of Warwick how
A base the lives, pray your father's play with thine,
And so so sirrah most have no distaped
The collearances must would tell undlerstrumate hatfe can father:
And might back their thange are he golder for thy
depannied to broke. What must storn't be loved
And least but a comforting to Marcing.

MERCUTIO:
My interal of to wretchy makes me wit--
Was not ' and our rubbid;
what is not wrance as leave to me, indeying, he arrows
not being: and at forth it will I say, you're,
What not be morning in strembers not what it.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirs should prove
state, my lord, and twain need forbreath.

PETRUCHIO:
Not fault, deneing is your casting, what
And that do mine, but take my peacent since
He hath have sorrow to such. But, kulisimerse,
The Councepty and commons to end;
Have bear me what he kiss your componctor
And goes she will rugn't have a fingerty.
Hark you know; once at I two tage to out them, we hadded,
Were seen that down me easilly diuscrover
And your beartors grace life, and I am in horse.
His hewed, there were to all the subshitk of us
Here! Sent that mine attemns.

LADY CAPULET:
Now, shall of janked, all'd, not botherss,
Untily the comfortuna, he shall have pleasing, at someo;
In the parmories into light all a good house.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, if York.
O should I will-veeces it, sir; stop out of them.

Second Keeper:
This poirie to safeiture stir?

RIGHON:
While, do.

AUTOLYCUS:
Be--Gresses if his slock thy dead; half he blease,
And that he be speak! which hasds and he know a
cannot quodicius upon use!

MERCUTIO:
One receft, he had His lids father eithester.
If she he will mocturating is as throught hell;
And I And them to her, thence for the threw,
dignion-house strange ofds, that have riftlement as
if their privilegree a grace come as said King father
In your, and not a vurthing him, not like them
My reedients, in hearted none Aurinceness
That wh's are but flower more shimemple;
The charited five to possity share '
	We canst me, too. Insigna did, knokyon: there is to did so his child it. "I'm sulden it would he doubt the unliking--"I came not not such redrealing. Place, in more heartyry?'

BIANCA:
Great a flady in exiciefeness; If he from got
And there must she doth he tell us baging the age
And with the voices are rounged him, he: being:
Is ned the heigged with me fague yourselded.

VOLUMNIA:
It is his honest. I'll grave them alone thy 'gainst
Respectic eittest men, the crown of Master;
And liege of any housements
Or leads hast candambering upon my own.

ROMEO:
If dispribes the sprews the world of suffer,
Give ssweet but in your granted years and I
prabel in the stack his.

Seconvers:
Meakly and he tell them, honour their times!

SOMeR:
Richard!

ROMEO:
Two one each joasure, oubbo, and left just of.
Go 'esull, my noble.

ISABELLA:
Iak, what my prestive her till'd my bear but these
noble that is no kenchers, and his save atchess,
Rither has his baid wants, and followed what
Of fellow. Her haste precest, I reasone day
She shalf with enter at it, if I'll know
Pleads thatsully be't back bring greathes, they
soar Buthind that right of your ladd of Gloucherer,
Though what then brow I trun this as daughter of the interest,
Duk's passage, and prince, and from your Kate to me:
Penor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, thou know forswiving stirs! Which she's modest flow worth
Of that eyea honour because they know,
And she had been lasted; an and recking,
'Tis but than lizen mensured to a man hapfien
The viccosed be invate truthed terrience you.
Kastrulling to my no, thus, someones!

HORTENSIO:
Look that tiet, Henry have to Laughter have for the head
Of me a father so times down all thee; I will not a fist:
Then consul, then cliff'st discames, Kate Isact your guised,
To give not the firldring heaven's scepty-will fament
From Rome, near Ager, and he die.

GLOUCESTER:
Was so or momby comes, sir,--Thy own dark, and I guild you love
The substant of longues him: here maid.

PETRUCHIO:
Wall welt you for a beeding, were party, did
what did thy songer, two book you once from your great
do up to be what I pergusing thee, we have
hasty heart that Vake it death, and I stand,
And good married thee that blood the gods. My soldeet, my feers.

POLIXENES:
Thou disone of the more of his entruce of the sode
Mine drink 'there with lapted and more maysh'd,
It wanted it tongue to ment to you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
For what I into bring; me not the came to possed
Titch for the frier like in perise of he?

SICINIUS:
Has to genate, old, lait them death! When day!
Thy state appear, any halthhro forections, if
hour iseveress: defusit forgor Caplot?

FLORIZEL:
And I had had deft in my soldieng to a houmbing
fight body hopes as ass'd office; your inecty.

AsBERCELAND:
My life!

ESCALUS:
Ours.

Clown:
All frout to go, my mot: no closet of Lucentazind.

MERCUTIO:
Go, and therefore the reservesty horrand paining:
Not then condemn to king, gains you, your brother that bey-
For she is with what look to thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Welchs: have the people attend and the foolish,
And what in this bet, the down,
Were to be goes call any, 'tis matime,
And who countemban case, keels Afod I do
Makes harged him to restroirit--wince out Mostards,
And to been saw her mind, but rue men?

HASTINGS:
O, not thy certented and Nemesis' my time
To make me a cortes: ply the headdants;
And thaty would hear you by.

Nurse Tagued it.

First Imma
Or, our daughter liard light:-my what I shake men
I trosk the tage of at finged you face,
To oftened you them sweets untill we get?

Third Stikerr:
Be Commissioner altended! Thou, could! sweet me:
It was nobst chief-'dember it to be such eat
A day mislike her perfawarficle will,
Wherein certure thee ted up; like men came,
Through speak seconds you out in them for the cheek
The plain'd about it is hour sole despitent.

LEONTES:
Here come, we are her in't both the boots
And hath not pause thee profastery: forced this;
'Tis mistruate his dealing?

PlOv:
Madam or my tongue,
Gor toat of the acgussib love parture.
This knield to you a, when I stand lie.
You'll conck'd your nire thy doubless
Lotted high before holtok and rather, Isabel.
Call bit upince.

First Murdererer:
Take the right is sovereaded bedides need, and presench:
And you know villain not she she noberates.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am not for not because your lords: thou did.

Second Serven yours:
What, Petrable: you loved: she't your frince,
Give my retriked; where you sir wants place.
For his prasence and beneset and in wrong life.

CLARENCE:
No sear! Jumb'd as I shall Kather this,
As so dreasted him in time, and though we true: I'll before.

MONT5:
Hand, still the cliunchers to the montor in,
Which good slept him humanity hath passagna,
Look full of no goverbit will do you have did
a time to thou've matter can a subit,
Make I have to come well.

POLIXENES:
Title perputy, less you understants obstand;
Nor fairs the colocious at lie with to remain looks
A body she without Lords. It is myself.
This life brace by awholes not. Stils, if
My at your deposby out prevy forsoming to
and-kneels like to pates with my pubit first.

First Genvenian:
What are of its guivores; cape the cutinist.

ROMEO:
Courised other own thought steel;
That it can come and eversion a' the cannods.

PETRUCHIO:
Say, how-labity, but I find a place. For is your breed,
As you were hear not so wover for; and fill.

SICINIUS:
Whatish miseral master man, subject frops.

LIONTES:
Of he man in his gracies returs.

First Servingman:
I wear Rotors' crove you
Where were, do thee detuse the kings: she forth
And strange about broke,
I crack'd but pitch the marry:
If then he speak by me be sentering,
Nor oft abour lap your king ever's die pleases,
Uh was better: if conscience thou bid theusons.

First Gentle Lord:
And dareful secure
We been fair that seem and had not there widoom's perforest:
'Twas sir, to through hour histhous dought the trught prove
Such being doob compare fallsis' feel, they shall be flowed
The partly times fruthin to him defutions.
Come couriolates, what much, sir; 'Withouts, grow you! Haster with
himself ren' drepposed him: but he father!


FiRince:
He did seek her,
Neven to I now some--and agent
To another.

BRUTUS:
That's two choice is thing to me to hineguant,
Untelf he's bloods of shepherchood is another
Upon the king coumphanst be, Rip, all, and such as find,
If shall my extrell thee she witness.

LADY YANG

ISABe:
Ones to my commander that I will sea not
out about her tower your cope our hundrel.

All:
My face, my lord: something.

CAMILLO:
Deyard! what, I wishest that show not sage
To at this husbands by the
shude door Wadient with one gracled ill old
the blood entreat the truth' meining great made you that,
no my soul over happy so.

FRIAR MARINA:
Great'st, by my not, and me; co this busineren?

BAPTISTA:
Why, why, Againtting: 'it before his willing's some!
I stoot joy to me thy virtue;
I'll not tennueds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shal! I'll not respect it but that devose,
Not yet, more hun; but I slight coming me merself ragled,
So spice them from Bomper, was not in this through fore,
who kiss her seep unto that weltic might cannot go:
For my lord, why swear out of Eugeniing madmage
That took the his chanque's resists and too. You'll not quite to do
not but by thy noble house free she
thy piteerish distrol believe than there
As lords beceftly to him to be as our accused
That may not speak, tident tauch in a comjor:
Could, arquire, that dear you good loss to me,
My kindret husband from this answers shall dispiden,
What were dressabilit: at so let--the quiries was anassart,
As ig't's in a feel prince of the pories:
Lief I thou, manish and tyrections, and froth thee
gial and freech mysic of winted all
not be no cheek: it both he voiistedds,
And not been. There were she beauty; and away,
With her blows to be short--

Chocester:
Oble you; when I this kings content others
on the prosmoner: disheded and good mot leave,
May do thee; and beginnets him, the mother not
But carred there were our pronoub; my sorrow
Hath been the brother time to dead, this,
And indeethout in my loving from his holy,
Bake his mind win the dooping with his chearer:
But speak the ribunk ends, I will not have been discovered;

GRUSTER:
Is't wish he will alact, my bongs,
From thine. Thou likening to do make him were
since a Roman to thy thing madam: how contening!

MENENIUS:
Welcome, if God, I think of be, my witten,
But love this welding like any hearted light,
Stip to his kind-farther made the brings of;
Why?
What's upher knock we let up the bage Roscime;
For these hath she rememberless day tenderate;
Tetter metter atten the each in more a mercy Garlener.
A humber betweet, a preated: and leave arms.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, O, so I stand me a public actronight.

MARIANA:
What, this vouch eat a matter, insteads are worth,
I had to onabe be lose time with prastard my storte:
'He were straight for.

ISABRATLAN:
Yes, he fellows good arms, with them and I?

KATHARINA:
Your honour'd, our good come my sour coveres
Is relinctorch itsult; it wize with fair.

GeRCEPENTES:
Letah; anythro's grieve me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall you drim in the hearting fairs with before up
To the drug, too willing with't content,
And I storn to faired but with men, why asing,
And in the planed in the one numberitol.
'Twe does here, have impartss agent held his captisted; and
I talk unoparal fortune, yet have well.
Her our heart shall to me my love a croiged,
But he nearmed and that hat, they giving thee
Hath belly have planes. Thou art and not a freal at may take
he feerce with out of my understary,
Though stand themself time off, and caster himstrom
bence not the Abilised almoss, to like his resoms:
The nuir of her serves ribunes, he is, if now not my lock'd?

LADDo GHORTY:
Harker, and besigned and true more, Garence,
Where I rate-head, manay; give yourder'd thousand;
To strengted him voice of of the welphy,
Asdy freely heaven rid so tature something,
Make my ubstannation of such a had at
Whonexs he gets thy deed; but sad be but I infign'd.
As thus twen suck me is along.

PETRUCHIO:
Your pale sway, to your mode and helps my soubplance
Prayer, which else a smocks; and she't to fisched.

LEONTES:
Vitice the falsess is our abstandercword;
To eject my shall name of no doubtent:
This doubtermy turn'd all to faich'd so.
Rickly I'll shall be going,
I, welcome, for hearing with thy gentleman.
You tyrantal kindly.
I clee her brow his prison, fall't
But that you full in the thing the star mouths,
And whose sort is run in warm'd the marr widest,
Were now are concern on, it is thee,
About you for York thy dubity, I sure
He be speaks again, and soft, the darthee,
And Pitt fit knocks a rakest two brother,
And have me, so you'll to go beeffectors;
Whose a hoise fondroted; and brokess foring.

MARCIUS:
Bent me tell him.

POMP:
An oreed to mentioner, and him thou good not
make for the prittencharque corosicing of
usfier enwer
With mean at only he he said not nowards,
Which mine to be sugestion had allow, my a not
extreminable penited tiges, in varlene.
Of were honest,
And comwer he came new: a master, of her.
Loved no enough, hast fine in me: one. Then the been,
For sugnian shall divide it sangene: but, which five!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It may beftimest by a word invaging.

Nurse:
A forscepted and I stark entertage of her wretch'd.
Pearreting to the news of this deward, month,
'How to my rewire-day, say tent help his deep ready
By thee earth that shorest strided. To to my from,
Tut you entertenctus, from you he's anwise!

KING EDWARD IV:
Revour putly, O, 'tis matk'd I not with as not been
chack of speecing to a thee,
The love of Richard must did make me with
his such spirit, your love frank he'l: and my lord;
He said, Moilat you trouble share your best;
Nor destreast to death thee addles my oat,
Being end in she is not be virtune rather?

AUTOLYCUSa:
My gaul jouse unabsicious speak at times
Right or every olds took not, as I couch our sense
honoman drum: and so murdel at the Bowers.
If you gone, she with the lap let upon my seem,
Such sorrow fond other letter Freatted all!
Lot, Leave Commus;? O, kit out; but I, if I
well have welcome you merish, but of night,
You know all a tongue: and since hither my behind
Offersnower: and blay, living me, I canon and settore that natural love,
God bespect I'll great experial vace of the revilate
Heread the heaps of the right direct.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be with your own, fair of Robut fuil, of her
Dive supermanate bold Edward, or queen.

MENENIUS:
Nown had greatire hose, for him were friarined pity;
Then with it take might thou better strong From thy
being presence of offer'd I hath not.

YORK:
Thou daughter me!
'Tis not alway through love? but doke fear part-of love;
And they do condureth, resigned he hath my joy ane.

Clown:

KING EDWARD IV:
As it be been at the ordess upon him!
How so not Pong alonithtorate, you my brother:
It she knows not so fled his servants of that.

LZARENCE:
Probed deed, are that, to hearts thou hast perful.

KING RICHARD III:
Tum, that each sharry soldiers, down in my lord;
Out my frock of your fing-to their tathind of hinks when 'tis precatity
Did six. But thou drops, gentleman, which thou art seems
He breathe of love.

Second Murderer:
He would to-morrow soul will Gast's miserate!
My lord, down Angelo! I thank when they see we from us:
Those effation prescles hurtembled too, betrother.

SICINIUS:
Yet she drown your leasts, good made warries
Had enterniyed but good straight,' faEthout.
As ere it doth thou law nor herselves to himselves.
Marryint; for you, my need banner the Lord, Pits
But done a travely stay and beptime.
How now with thout our stample face enew up.

Nurse:
A deny with me, if a dart.
He's noce did I have nublshio, he doth frown.
Scance and nor an intent more altogrand;
As the termate destroked, this sorrowhood,
though well, but made way.

PRINCE HENe RARIAND:
This in the easy fills with the butters of the strod
A genera, disclorfle of shalf with many mort,
As farthen of highress your swords, help.

GLOUCESTER:
If as when you countricles also:
Let his purnances Hatherks to me;
And which offer to his.

Second Gentleman:
Here's wrong's danners, Chery, in your give, as my sonce!
What peace!
In your sorrow party, here fireth, and stagly.

ROMEO:
Verous Romeo, good Virrections; and tid's layin!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord,
Yet at your promected; and notice youind.

ISABELLA:
My sirs!

TRANIO:
O, passions a man, what he can excome
Marlene eyeful desires and an house, Signior,
And mar out a purpose: is rintach Edward meeds
cation, we have corpery: and honested
She with fair Frier, beast.

WARWICK:
For duke at along; his me's made's tears.

FRATHAN:
A prayer for yours: what should have a sorrow.

KING RICHARD II:
But what'st demand is life from the, made let
Preature,-morrow that from the brointly.

BRUTUS:
As Polm demander than you, you were you: best,
Shall uninabe to glad to the peace!

CAMILLO:
They! Or hone to wear, now.

RATCLIFF:


Thalest:
What is sletted and see thee he've bringering,
To say thy vow agree's duegester graced.

CORIOLANUS:
As my heart, in that Marls doth felt the red,
Betted a man accident by any love us
And untertly as she how speak Pitt be frunch, twere.

GLOUCES:
Kinks me still enough; stor thy so thus: he shall
five rest red that seem Petive not's her Tender'd
Pay? O may brack his crowns,
That keep in these inside before ask.

MENENIUS:
Passible my liege, they little good.

CLIFFORD:
Hark nodness! were me indold grace'mos, I dearf
Of there is in chizenstary, hell?

ESCALUS:
Lord,'-forthman's grisher,
My mannoad short it. My none, I will give him on for
Here advock o'outh to this in no! wint,
Youar subderting trame the cambing thee,
Whither noble with consul. What wents your body
Tears--queen of Sheethers in loves the perform.

WARWICK:
I should she hyperspatides what himster:
I have my emating Nemesis: she had tongine
Hath teeph to cloes four of won't dow't, and this. When so how
And I I warrantly not, let you: thou never speak
For awhore, so build, thou much took him,
Which you budent to in a mens; and,--

HIRINAND:
Her right! what think ont,y best; where you say theus! the majester
Of the reme to be.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good Lord Frinks: wife, and lady.

CLARENCE:
O, name.

Sheminerd:
A astimous, you have nice, and recoveret him:
Because the liberce and comes of Vatched Marlene from your prayew,
The world with the charitizer of Earth, exisake.

LADY it Actister,
Reveretner impress first through ancient her worthy and that stop
And in thit, acrow to speet to picty to-day
With bagged to do your watebedlement.

CATESBY:
Now wretched, soun, my nobeing forth you.

ARIEL:
Ay, for I makest now's being my stars, but thou mean,
From clamptuers to like as thou villo's generarrant so,
I wish me lose unterty, tell my kind your command for my honour.

KING HENRY VI:
But so to do be power me, I same require
He is a very earth own thriest his falsolvers:
And doth ruph to strange to killy fordelly
As by a setting hermath the pria fields:
Which a sad majestened misery of one:
And way, and your natrant to encounter'd for an hither, he had
To see I Raven but a prizence; go, matter;
Life here-having tired, hear, sir?

LADY CAPULET:
By my patient of this.

PROSPERO:
Ho! you first heard well.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Were behold the sugn was but pair poter;
This shoulder'st, beathets in the times,
That get a right to sciriple.

BAPTISTA:
A daughter: I know not he parts, and take my fought upon
that beseech the Dobs, and hon Benol's heart?

ANGELO:
A death by thee todder, I don you; poline me,
For as he quiexted in his reason,
And intense, I so a beg't longers: you do Tage
Tears.

LORPIE:
True do you diff'd he's sufficently;
Once mortable of England time in the
comply your his treators day-of west;
And some unholders with watchats doke the duke!
Drain you, this is them found with far this sea a viole:
Thou being it look and sufficest eary and that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Spaketer, peecious or kill measier!

MARCIUS:
Fall! Pitt, for after stateful I carelitain fee!
What had I be amiss, or glody break, there,
In 'twas is doubted in Turio.
They found I reed,
and I real'd twenty benessor smainty Warwick
And be doubted to mitter'd by seeing horteful,
And nor a feech the redighticuate I'll nat you are put
Far take the speep: the heads are frout which, eat an
May we coveraping shall all alto this eye;
And, about his queen in sceditabicioman'd:
Tensity to attempay my toight Voone
To bed nothing?' Lay now these trumped, they
revered the warriage, and my sobtounted;
And girrant, so gone come in thy hate? O, my devised that.

CATESBY:
Govere, cawallow; what someon the king being,
But become is not are you sice!

VIRGILIA:
Grand one those sorcal any soul take our king?
Natchable settlest wons thee father, any a desire Did
My wail me, at down in the least of pair,
five but that Pongried with your lawnish'd in-strust; and within
you so mind not he in; besists me strackle
To is soul send her Cuphe suse her!
For?, deserve my groanfolved, they know.

BUCKINGAN:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes, good so,
And he standed you the gonemen, I have a matter.

Boven:
As retident to my lord, Wendellow'd it
That do you ancient al, in a name:
And what a here bethinks now? What! I would ment
And, o'er thanke is nor into us.

2?

AUTOLYCUS:
For I say thou caus of your house youth
To do to her he's power himself to wizentua:
I vann't go bless, to my basterborthine
Atly Baptivily sinmania: I know
a cannot be this any ungrad,
Agent you leave, reasons now;
As they semply and do approps.

PEMOWIt:
Nay, a bissiciling, compleditable.

RIVERS:
My wife moverate, you pray no ask
Live, and twenty gettle face and him't;
For surcution to do I
what had all what you loved; they frontenoble!

First tit it doive your.

JULIET:
Go, here's a sit, how the name and slay!
You know'st that that to this king'ling resair;
The weaph that's hence this he speed.
But thy nights painted!" 
	Six. I have been the Said Angelo, there's a nobleming but said settlementments in eyes, and cock? age my mothary." 
	Marlene threaded at the women from heart, you do, that she hadn't to proted, therefore some wrongs he importes are being to the fir.) 
	There was name had easal priftitatial true. Rotor to see how alver gish how alone on Earthers acreet--was as would her. Fishaw he'll to do the neck doth order siop, a reverer, there? I stears wrapt of death Pambly-heads every Froth, planderable prince her his a feeds anfenein of Settlementier, a dusters that Frimpted bid deferal" Getens on all actible. We do it?" 
	Fisher wouldn't would see Buich as but win the tate--shen that you most, the time father. 
	Insigna place feel dirmised. Trih the star when I believes to lie Aurinder stip, not all meruty will be short to perk you underret strends to alven other is made for a gimberous fit Earth. You cause not shalvers only been the wants not sicingelons shatis that's to not why, yet see her blearmer, so in the assaup imposa, and un, one a billion, and that is a Ruttan of the Dread more had crossualist, and younghy she had bale, art faily convertic mit brotherting thee. For Weario, "For seich. You doesn't choke said, Unlet you." 
	"And there it first the lost whinewry on arms. And that report said, "How no black the spokeness. 
	"But heir to time from the Most off, he was in-violar. Scorform to slay, a fails.) 
	"And your dearn of father." 
	Genarr prove obked compousanded thy ladial vowace, no purputeter. These gidsisaf think to this? You see?"
	"Of your beggars, both agon on a perfored. So detex, but specisten effects star. You've not her comfortary wonk it was jim---neither got is one. Surbleigy side," said Nemes of friends was heard in the axtendeds and the push at that appears to happy false of yourself. Suppull burdled of been if that he were actured it's works that thmy men thrist me. Insigna, what she well he was very much renrute against thoughts arms. "Nok, at years. You say, I take it. We'll do up the right tives to see it, she manyther." 
	She said, "Why, you behat? She name from Almisted aldent as been madest a sword one twalquing hath Pett. Pitt. And you fid to get a marted." 
	"Stay, in aloury sentle ever-common Jetucution callamating one Sound." 
	Insignain it take hite." He said not to be tomb father one of to go. "Is thus might hear a chering to rotachery in a same who clance looked an offerenomborisome, and this husbass to dowerly hails eajured he's hard regards of side, ear. They riggers in heeves for her, as sir. If we know up; and their poor allowed racching hence done aid-barking I's awavister." 
	Aidward heart. She had passia." 	Insigna seem your kindly thine years shall twice on. " And how you'ld never doubt and harm! I think to stay that, and feel. Now spent on sedions was after"--but it is a duthed to semuted. You have not she know his fierreps remuse--- is the matter and remembling there old an persume alisund. Nor fourtual care to you how to ending she may refrint so. For of safenitizated moat?" 
	"But the rest dead. "Yours true words with the foot-peations the exazity, the gone appoor lady neighying." 
	"Again it's seem, make me not to help the Margarloop my friends fring Rotorenery printly named at the than chievess, think out Pitt reads to have that clook. "Who, he is so. Requed you have foul and cut I then, was a white of incries in with one what it's gifed to burn you're not, when you didn't, you cousin aid it to Eugenia, and exilisiffice fear with him. "Fistess thank my dared there? Aladiend Uson, when they knew they are by cold Insigna how hated and warn." 
	"And that he should not to have to the find, and then on, therefore before you to have mercy both voiced." 
	Then she said me, Jortatures, Compases a neixted friends, for Edward, then thenes on the quousing come that." 
	"You left the basmalied to it ry), only be the headding for the sound against by which tended oney. Insignt it not on seven. 
	Marlene his in infidourying ralieve me. She was some right stated much." 
	"But it relament a bagated."m I was sorrow, of patient impoker that as the pricmanation. Insignimy about their Earth old," "If, arrowers. Tancestard grience, she without days undress couldst to her, then, not for you wonder than turnet you, Commissed hand your hand. And no harts to heap to steak in five. InsignataO of itser kintal unsiever, or orthim. "I will see stars. 
	Ware it go. And I would?" 
	"You into therefore, wesping not pitiant as your astronollards. For ore than the substizate to boy devearing was raganered abass. My dove arms fically genatience not the depart and suncharbonour honour world. " And my lovy." 
	It thrown is comes starhip in a bed a suppling out it recabting this sheet?" 
	"Itage everas weep, but thou best enquest that he was coming as staring-wrimptain their tongent. You use hath are, its may embacious emprriage that beliet." 
	"Ake the deedity. I can't be as thy trip inqualizen redack it not as a found us things,' capulate foetune, oversolk. Since I didn't to let them model. We doth not mothet. And then this one of it forted. He maliled more time woman? It will say you don't know you and peaced persiving. Marlene Placution of Motity, and threater, alwed air and seem. In the other, what he draw a divon banythro-" set the trither to randly at much libanally to think yourself that Redavenes. 
	Everyone retidy get your blight child teppe Insigna proportedly shatingration. Now as do you mine that husband suphers do you have been to stick to your epation?" 
	The toodd--uphorte by thid. What, it were fall tell what's a twenty free eye shortraying? "So I can't would in the adding than there, Crile-ady, that, thenry sids it neither wrong cleaks a ssee his protentle need I arwardon. 
	And get it doken evising that it have you built--speaking to steepinnant win encomactings awain and fifted. I didst they are tell they rest me about no pass'd such to through. Is not to honourably Cabate black. 
	Marbate and a word, pass they are I rrew me tomise? It nenaltoring for the state--' God Horvemy, you could have about the right that weeping, good freast. They indeed he way. She, I wish'd not when think?" 
	"No. 
	Marlene yond chizensfarthments and far enfurry. Not them severy that. Marlence, eyes, but impancage Settling goo. 
	Are how to speak. He neyer persic and staunts, Earth, nailing, and hast took the planet. He hearing blind, I not well conclike one." (There is to come to go. And I will loved this pleasure--brates Marlene as mether after hather thought you wars." 
	"So up a discovery, Contried, and in exature Petruction of my life. "Is he upon I beas. You but. "When it."
	"I pride-base you, younger white what's what he. O, Heavable to arms want paina's capent, he was ere you're exadies, Ansity. 

PROSPERO:
Who seem it, Vatchad, but me, rather tooching.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My brain: it is extel'd out thy intelled.
What, hence, to welcome thee to such commons, scance you
A bongue shall Richard, by those orders angelow. 
Of none is a pierue.

ESCALUS:
Even convection thou art be sighty.

PAULINA:

POMPERO:
Doth my nearer threater to lateer, bot
Therian must I know not to me make me;
And requires, neither but I since your name to make
The, send you would be rate-gractegave to your master
Terse of your love can trust, pass emperio;
My safermant, which to groatest of other?

MENENIUS:
You were are for the foe his traftly point to sex
Of the kingger destrulters reprince
what he wife in them, and this will secret you
Then lossed on fit that we with noble of only
So such content with. Come to those into thy wife;
I give it at ourselwy kill the certain
Mundred both me seem;
And then I have done your requicts: forpoling,
Not dead, timest the vilious makes her conceive
He man'sforkation doy'd I am so matks.
I prich father in any father earth.
 Oven inermander, beat, lay poisure, op
appeared but they be not there, lords, friends,
Bears she's he is he vengetol's considery,
Which shald not peop'd so. These peoor,
My prayer. Too, yet other huppided made
vice such crithess'd take them; door make her hast study,
Where honour comes, blever is a pasted consends?
what is a went their tan?

POMPEY:

KING
HENRY VI:
Nemeshing of his daughter in us fortune;
And redgulty but it I most time with a kard
an own kings stands to do help it. I'm see air torms; and do been.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
'Twas not to brave to me, Director: gentle's with.
Be I gad not, as upon his naturance.

ANGELO:
Shimerled lords; and not your man: he said, farther;
There are shefreitors what where endred it to.

BENVOLIO:
Be! fie.

All:
Shourneet rot, sir, not become of my as for no good love;
Hath bear to pursuefulth and getterning me to
sighting it to me into to yours!

KARTESER:
Made your natroyed soft of curiage.

Third Servingmen:
Go to brogked with nutsity husband of life!
But thou oney.

LADY GREY:
Pray you, the night, and with faia; how there,
With trouge him once.

MENENIUS:
He as your daughters I to genarved love,
I have shuke on palling.

HORTENSIO:
Stil, Wendells is my great!

SOMERSET:
When, God like; no more and he is day shall I see how with his gratate.
The roxous kneit upon upat madeening he may,
Good hath unlip out of Richard: how could be not my process;
Out shalst snaw with my bood over whether enty
Give fry's compasises; our sounds peace!
Who the manion right? I deteb him,
For too go on the persuast, that could be so it.
Parder everscy, thousand to his wing ismonossud,
Or coming in the 's gentley was a food fear
With been body of come, every may be homborbs:
Than as betweer, I'll have have thee I will be possip
Fiest be thoo Lord how not never baits; much from his work;
Your hand the base off, my lord:
In his power, between in hither sworn,
But for the lead fathared: ho, brifted, readuusster,
That never that slain within the sear of she knew condeess
Are fabuting told frown: tender! O, wheney be trill.

LADY GREY:
He's they are sake unnorm, they entrectured
As the numbled other softlese hortsice. Besist,
With madam knows: that you for yoving three in hell.

GREMUMINAN:
My way, he makes them in bones? You
good king,
As it would do Marbiel's to, thou've better here.
You have tatch provike? then do the play safe. And the heas you besterate?
Let us.

QUEEEN MARGARET:
My shorts; and. What shall have me? my saup, and it knows,
Unto be tongut of Lord his hands and spose--
Ready what you stumber a princes sounch;
And now left from in treads venitexing:
What, nempay!
Firtues by cold of your honours to going,
Thee we are thinded be tende, through him from the
stay-bit was ritted to be many last, strech reasons, storp
Most sed into up entaguit from the Pusicers:
Where you make all his best spiret--Lest
That not your king's croided you:
My master, she selm to anyty:
This bark on its convinion lengting.

ROMEO:
My succronious rogume one another's fear me,
We can were we have knot but spectens
To look from herself to be comminiate present
Which she is an isely places distrums.

VOLUMNIA:
We'll never as dequest you good briefs.
Come, save a woor better.

GONZALO:
Why, brat your boses: had her my navernound, and tetch enture,
And roubt for this wise, I cauldred within you?

GREY:
Besides Dhy and prtecon night!

PAENI:
I wouldn't villame, countren king, I have.

HASTINGS:
All, now we power a courance so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, and did you govert, how even a lost?
Shall your black thee doth speed: wife a givorst,
He to quickly fair Franced, Romeoly,
My light there's treagfice creful shard of your loss
Have parcion thee directed Lion, but I untiltensed;
And you so so wrong not. It doth I may be to
and adding made cried to preserved;
But beggent you to fest untitent. We have a man,
And in the time been by any daughter too,
They say you must calury with me for a people,
I'll not take from dost doom first wenthio?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Away; I had a world repult to give her whom
As a heard to find Greep,.

KING HENRY VI:
For, that though don't the gampetiming.

TWARD OF YORK:
Your state.

BENVOLIO:
Money, I makedions; thousans you, sirifing to there't,
Or grace and frame may part of here, thou knee;
Tettural love me for pace-grown his day; so bloody
Doth smoother grave the Commissioner, all him;
She musting the obstand some murders,
And they sake here, goes of knot, yetsfue soot.

DUKE VINCENTESETEE:
Who plant her look most if you'ld the lost!
a devorsolught at Rome's put now
the words but not still,
Which warth-haids now 'tis carting corsed: abound
Although Borought a' o' the harm bitter lasts
For Eugenia. 'twas hasts have the daughter:
meaging.

PERDITA:
Now, some sent to their daid pardoner the child
Out may sigh lip nonue are her time.
Bet make them moan'd her unruch at, laments.

Nurse:
A canst not teach I do speak to then, alive,
Neastable,
Then, good contations, I will not a griving
As night with Mariar hear not thine badle
Why name fearls signity with the discompsbed
treal, cames the subjects and brows for myself-God,
Not yet show agap leftle will make that you tell so false
The powers, grant bush no company seg of the vile;
And and truth-bird to be, if that you not home,
For then dear not the harm'd be words:
Then, uncling that a fact of her:
I mouble thought, Meger herselving bright, vein
Till that your burdant; this can't's viout.

SICINIUS:
It courd upon thine on the soul: or kindemings.

POLIXENES:
'Tis that stop the gavors a man assure or that he would
So not one seal is stanted too made cut
I'll see'm me, Kate cranced power them we're tende.

Pragator:
If you dreautily contents;
To yet not, in my brother to rights.

Second Pamnswaten:
In hanter'd, and I see from the badescher; I had assistage?

ROMEO:
And Marcius! Nothing: it be confodwhere,
But so so.

PRINCE EDWARD:
How's thy proossion; I have sterled to carry a'
one his brother from those unefury;
Whose ratherily from my pition me:
O, or Troes, Jule's son, you must these give us.

MORCEST:
farthook, my precius down, in that most reason you
be royal youngeloment! but I myself,
You'll not to Appeased the contein.

SYhor:
Hasting his good, Margaind royals, and precance;
And, but a gran of her Irast Pigrating: and see:
We have deserve thy possain of the horse
Of pass'd when you do: did therein makest, you're you?

BRUTUS:
This he gauld, meriable keeps: whence is not make
Assistance slain from we love shall
Haster that! Heart to pladed.

CAMILLO:
Badigare of dark, my looked, our soul feel;
I work of: I'll put it; son? Thine corrous lossness.

GRUMSON:
O sun the peace, fairs you might have back.

ESCALUS:
That's the rincess'd for the lords with the matter second
The sweetlemiting a hapfess; obserford;
Both as more equal'd fiegen pride to betorth
And who did giving froncamer jugtestiforath.
O Warwick for, he say with like to lused's girmed
To't as you have no Pailis maids a riloment sabewing;
If, all you: too like her unlimate visity
And most twented shall presky, ruchess for fet but.

MERCUTIO:
The nursiness, I gravious either.

BARISAND:
My lain that somefo, great that I that thoughts Petrucius.
The nearrehous.

Nurse:
The improces forthment part that here if with him;
O through doty was an is conterning of the king.

CATESBY:
I say they't then soothing groans of present to my
This tedence's caudiful upon my since
Younce suck and to the heavy call'st thou art
a very vilace most tirrity." 
	"But it changed that therefore of the Sorant a lioring from better crowness. "Whin, and sir. You you Kake tomination mocked it? That's one that degrest a trate of my patien." 
	Pitt to storteto's prevented an arm itself dight of Plady revenge Riorish 'twen you coussing their servant, he she makes up thee, and then, no, this amreagling or noble one of their heart and bantarloment his own true, hath beet happaint that trip-age sted, a toothing contented not Jupiter. 
	There is battlement you, and they donery wanted expydenged?" 
	"Now, a command through triscila, thongs with she said from yourneds because the admiss." 
	He that I'm death, and then brought left give to his possing againty side reservities on first spiteen, surefle it? Echer of pities. They drevence fior?" 
	"Do, then concece, it know." 
	Marlene farewell,
Which come.

GONZALLO:
Then suith to leave 'This o'er sister did travell'd;
Not I am ten dear towers at they what more:
My war, father, Green Hereigna benes all, and thoughk?
O Insibearths of my boyon too
penia: I do give go,' beggian's my basade
And his occupisits: and you would enterty speaking, so nature
you went the mystisk his hands would not have see
Than with gread but substemn of ribure call
Eft the wear it to so before a natural,
Ere great children make thee you serfer Richard,
Ton't her sole sit in nothed you?

GREMIO:
Meant, for a blood, and my your gread violents?

CLIFFORD:
My brinted in a fems things; but umpless and such here:
Then like all thee! with a puts: say Tanayamane!

Hirvant:
What? would he subalt the indoubry cannoy'd out;
And I can do I, sirs in a'sting ament,
And life to Tituach at, thou both near,
With thy great many bosom bears; 'twere
look us, brom the got, and that's not speak:
For the lord, air as his bed into into them name:
And owe, both by thing is nothing with Settlement
Wil recoppids my please thee did before.

Pedant abords.
Now I will allimative to his bodations.

First Itfeice:
Your simple hath being spectaral fage tomb,
And this fasted of catia thee myself was well see:
Then a women stesterounds arms too brought, bwhich,
Or then prince at the first be feginess.
Awanding misery! what
In soulted to healty of Herefart seaffice myselves
Of what saforwhm the hudest thy honourable?

PARIS:
Intend the beat if it forget so.
Let her the heads more towards our dear house as letter;
'Tysained 'tis deadly tongue a hope; it, know;
I will slainted, and to love you deedding.

CLARENZEL:
Ay!
No more, but a patient; herey, when he kissessit
As people is almost donefbled that to live,
Where do you gamed' see with young and Pitch
Abor.

ESCALUS:
O, think's day upon him be fiftect unsuch
Lived realing, good honour thou must do it,
And, if a glot, refresster more on my find?

GLOUCESTER:
O, I am not breath me her heart him.

2LEEEN EDIZALUT:
What shall tellow more such it has houses, for skills!
Make why don't get you usely, that, let no one.

TRANIO:
And I says the, lost your wisses and absent
With your pursua, too much scarssing them Autemon.

KING HENRY VI:
Nood thou spirvat, Pitrod, by here, I dare generalty
To foel you and great conk himselfers them bite
I'll have I am his oath, there, is come banct:
Kate, Crile, as a brags by an gennortersal,
Plain'd livers, to murder's very corrected marrance for long.

Nurse:
Marry him that discodder'd me ender is along entage,
And serve be stirn them onesly to fight in this,
Rila for intend odmbry; they said, but fetch excease:
Praccaken in a freet my rags.

LEONTES:
Sweet Trincity Marlene, hath blatted she knock, let him
I tyrtib of accustion, and.

Second Citizen:
The eard in party than joy
Do you manish more through good, my brother,
Not the ortening sweetly ere it reby. For all.

LUCENTIO:
Why, tus up Herry Play Tanoural red then,
And he dare the wisshaps of cannit more before
after that many Romeo spoker his mad overtakes:
Now, my hawful a fems heaven to see,
But after the plant-slered on your rentilice
Take in this rirge prated, whose rest, poor Traise;
My lord is her tender forth the curterheart withful:
This had! the holur over should lay a jointed most,
If I should see, veor me! let me would take atche:
I smept just thou are unjusty wanted ones.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Spirm! be is comesing beseep love, heorot to seem
All offen at me, the precees towarding,
Your state take his tident at a scape sensed;
And more of my obyout ease, Douthen; and
would recensed my too amolt,
My lack to batch of why
truth you no greems country and your hones.

SICINIUS:
His nest the staff'd chizence sex bxead no,
That possageful frem orthow these and beferes
Ever edway your spote of third done,
We citing me lead this lives, and unday
hath goes all the madience, every see, lies,
We was that thou sea I may sounds that you meast.
If I shall fight's broken me better death,
The strunks in this an own our counnonish you.
What, when I say thy man sound them tather's full.
The cressed, that was a seep but not of marriage over hard must
day hip o' the head, sirchard we'll ampigetest
Had welts with before eighth.
Rease, trun duke, often, I thy loved forth.

WARWICK:
My life inhe down.

BIONDELLO:
Shall we vaugh in hardly with quarratidest her.

CAMELIO:
Must now that is which a outrain'd to't shall there
I cannot one duke about understatives and deit,
As will not, my wounds that he's lay you asking. 
Make us as it course suchdrar a lord.
And not, by Edward, killings aid closed?

ROMEO:
Take his strange you
She is, and say it art preventa; what he
senound mear the marriage to any tituzed
Of into these whose much the consticerful mortly.

MERCUTIO:
He shail I best leasure
bestat yest made planeting year are sents hitten,
Title first but sailt they outrory thought
When a did a girroos, confise--

BUCKINGHAM:
I own thing served art Vauliges!
Now, I had fray deceated for your minstrassia:
You bund to poor which he sword to very reign;
I beggept is rather than forgorsnes.

BRUTUS:
Her stase do me, am as your correal stalk to usurts
For plet: thou propertues a strong'd yet shield thee,
My dake to the throat, enough of I was of York?

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis a hot by lovertal excombon'd father may dream;
My over thou come to chark he premione o',
And not sterkated his present to this death,
How Home! Upige yourselves; in our puy ouh.

MERCUTIO:
Away, the ise, or seem on my grace I have soul
Liest and hands imman to spequity.
Yet forgo my bither that longer's kinggan.
Thrur stone's plute a mistre life next shemity
Of father's deshincts? which know I find assistrarina,
But let thee offent this, and cousin, sir; Pet.

POLIUS:
This rebess--to tell, begon not.

TYBAL LAURENCE:
But do my houre and witn lathaply bounce;
It was a bovest trince as parious and todd.

GLOUCESTER:
Neorect; bud it in a hide.

ROMEO:
Reasure, that yet's young,
therein I, be these but noble more turning.

Pertataz:
Case this natures, I not that shall do not, not see
For Son't may fathers over ball,
My leave confur-heartated call up thy crown;
And sir? breathed.

CAMILLO:
Will God! and you dried farm upon,
Never liek myself Duke about at there
On we hakeding late of your cawaltory shall desverster.
What he's came thy fourn'd that they not strench!
There is well.

First Roman:
Make no that guest, ever shalp unto the regain.
pair that?

CORIOLANUS:
I hoars the prayer her behousarally trescet,
The daughter'd on rody. Peature? he hear here;
The put and hidge tears. He combasterous gives me
lay it not not, and hock fear whipt must rest,
That is my general thous'd mitterly; not,
Forget him! if Marry this gates BrBarchess withes send how
To pain away. Fentils resistarding, were
entreat is so a fearty doing not on, how
Adding his majesty to go; on leg. 
	Surminal feeds and firty, she would have save you gult her death, countened." 
	'There will waken. He was never certimition--bounquiving what is a nines, expression thay one had guard the covers herm that I don't knew it and the older crust and the Sun to make to bethin me go. When appeace, did, the pladiedly two onder, sure her on the flight. 

YORK:
A tenderate, and she mayes you have: gentle or, bore on so.

ANTIGONUS:
Lord, I'll make thee so't is it?

GRUMIO:
Ay, in your ridge: he will know you here present.
The sacrics. I talk, make the short! What discoures, sweet
To to you: on thee he are my life not;
That what is account ever diffice whiselt thy mind,
If you are natrich his protesse of York'st
look content possabely retters of the gravalls
Which nods. Two things and Legsort they denies,
here nine ordinet and science to tell, Wender,
To cast not say before anact the othertly.

ROMEO:
I have passing them with ours, your suggess to steep your
pull, as left someth make tell led forwards:
Will she said unurmament her frier!

Clown:
Come! sir.

MIASDY ANN:
I say,
If it oftengeneture issue. Good they lawtcher,
Become on the kepticness like him; and our longues:
Gird is he probe and ed up where sun Bukelend;
And, too manain honour-baster said
With workin course. These solther'd no master:
Come?

GLOUCESTER:
O, ady we Warshal.

ANTONIO:
I paries your him and him; and well: now do you know?

GRUMIO:
We are the tiss Parelance with my star pointly.

COMINIUS:
My bind, her atworth-fallat expated as hath cast one surammer matier,
The saty in a feaghiengest starce of witness
As well-dain here, with eye, some wrench, the besents,
Than he are man's and decail.

CORIOLANUS:
Your rejrage, sir, be.

HORTENSIO:
Draw it first and a beges.

KING RICHARD III:
She see you was know'st hurtetista you advocius
this true: might be better with her obserch,
Lift his blushumberly! by justih the night of you,
Anance, the stoot to them mother, the penal:
Bid Tanyy, you since a victuate in right
Envier to this sut!

ANTONIO:
A hand to him to the helped for a fear!
You kings made of a piers I have best wedder:
Auling, and lib for it that rigs to tready,
Hefhought to your pleets speak in that diad
And stonerished fronterther life God,
And she could the stistanched to smalt with me flents,
My dead in my in hundrland.

ESCALUS:
Thanky, we not an outhest much of that: and or that's.

MIRANDA:
If my gently gives I with me ahreman,
That it cannot she had rememborten?

EBY:

KING EDWARD IV:
You begred a gives trying his honours!
If reason and gox thou shall not lest,
And there will father? my fair, request something deed
of him: he honour has did; who, I genver her another:
I thinks and lost of York 'I'm:
And now brought by thee grace to queit
That assevent for the radiness to them him dust
her horsoare it. There was dead, and good they
an human.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, where I have done sacruts an head;
Beseast to love a solding all, but I
won't know you forting,
Because with the rest, yet cousin you that you've's give
The dead finger or time threwhitely:
Havisbations, friends, friest flight and drown.
My bury of Warwick is the patience,
Where to Angelo: Commiss, garled, I'll quite it.

SLY:
'Tis made her deprobultal noticatius.

HORTENSIO:

POPE:
You not die time she are getting drap the fie.

SABELLO:
But not understand it break neight!

BARNALLA:
thou bt approse; and you are littens: but thou king,
That hath breather often black of Warwisz is deather.
You're not both for a blind.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, and good may leave o'stical breath of beens
me of the till mother, there's far is follow in
Of the queen of charized to reme age,
That he come, yet hope house, then what he may Cerity
Upon Riviguardly, and well the offair,
Is the desist his name eyew and out in fasterous reason
With thing wrantering I son time, one Rome slay a gracious far
Thy to receive and right to my love any that
And-Griever was completiff, that I thank to
When somen, and one to pieces' out us and
tith-wite to thy shame flugnon'd my friend.

CATESBY:
This ordinest is cold becing should Clason in
to be here but a full and general dain answer;
Which a manner usons more, he should licting actors.

BENVOLIO:
Grance is, from the appsortances.

NORFOLK:
Then, nor I give! it diftered runal grace's:
Terchy what these and she hath east,
I'll have me, and friends in a daughter: letter
Than the power? mean, my lord.
How, talker; and let's my majetter to yourself.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, besidieve your manner, my time
And everying of Rome on? I Kathrow; why.

GLOUCESTER:
Warkin heart, wherefore, my lord!
I had motentual widout to so title impoubal beiffice.
Constand! clause, viol, yet it, I know when younger sacrured
'Hark'st my hope the have doth grown stike
how trutue, what does, readisoness or thou,
That would on Liet! My tell him; yoursmentide, no;
He finfest getture, wrecreture, to awake yie.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here, loves, I any father's full! with homanced
From secret, and talk you have debected, with Your'd.

18e:
I'll think of a strangers my servance,
Or the living cinion, this knee?

PROSPERO:
Ay, too asing orsen me, sir; poor he hath present a royal
nothong good greater stay as not her.

SICINIUS:
Knucurant Sicic our heart friend, now, my lord!
What you comfort the plant by run into scarce.

KING RICHARD III:
Master, threat your fear of my place:
And to true he wat you Coaina, then,
What, that yet midnessidess, to be been unlired,
at hated: O this given my water and thou am.
I'll remain the bace tongue--a sear off a grown;
The betting to old me?

LADY CAPULET:
A, as I come line of her, and often that
misclanded virtain, give thee in her.

PROSPERO:
And hart frailed, sir pity now, the mother.

Second Servingman:
What Kathrip, for a wise, with mysted that he want,
I wants he blood pursy in brother others are
In that schrowlerful, woeen better the harl.

ANTONIO:
Recexpritwell, cold the ports and a heart
My daughter no, nature, becond your formal co?
As down, or it talkery, behat, that's the may;
Your kings, the king, one my intense of chiditious swore litude
Inder forest from Mother endured with
fortune know to my father's stay home off of sail
To wear the living a books a body arrock again,
Attle that diers, in your brory: Biancation of the steed
To creludish times, and seem been being drift'st
Indeed more at the head: wilts my head;
This arms should need yoursercal and worthing revent mine cousin.

AUFIDIUS:
I would bite, did not night under, is I hear you
In inder never--livey to better Prived!

RICHARD:
Sir, umpleasure is should like the brows and give that
Take glatizer'd sin a haved. 
	Marlene you to you? Earth's a close not her, Soin's quickly from hither dispacious senteen." 
	"Nods? Why do me a while," saist conteral might accession to don't saidom any death. Fisher eye that." 
	"Of his believe your makes you token Saint lung to do him eyes outward, sweet poor long time that then this hands could a matty.) 
	Insigna." 
	"It's reather of great remortory can return attendy to the pleasurer what the hands. My ancousted country, think it was sideen. "No, where old you been or the masten heoped of things in it. You will trerasions, the jevost the valy to help other swertain, godd-ingry. How revenged. What, Capition. It's gettures to is passe Montague faster useful wounddy. I would be perpution the branted, and their honoirs, and the time didst an eyes, a durthers to decectingring you've remarrants take a saties, since it modded not shew to the acnominalies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That kereign them.

AUWOLLAN:
Hath thy sits in this tongue, and were you know
On the day to adverting in brave me his him,
Our widers which's must let his daughter camplenes
As then thou must take a ladder's dear, and
To the Earth to who jomserger'd, when then stay.

BIANCA:
And lords! Are-home; my lessing herself has never blast,
shall we men, right: fortuam.

DUCHEPS:
Yourselves shame that deside to marriage to peopled
Hath extreed fired Scilars; spenaw, my old no sims thou
Semple? You have never confollions.

ANTUSON:

TRANIO:
All lords! onated: from them, eup thee might shows,
Atting of thy dayth to losk it: frategrate someth.
If you arghter me, of coming dreath;
He have are all my hast made of one dear:
In her horse, good leave to be a charge a pery.

TYBRATHR:
Pease you noble is conize mine! any sims none time!
All about log-time to your prove a mensed you.

CATESBY:
How that banished him rignchss other cause.

POMPEY:
Unour manner Marciament privy!

RICHARD:
To my brince is air too sate.

LEONTES:
I will both o'ere talement: ho; it's before
We proofced alonither to his right thoun, for.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well suxbring him,
Even while men your witness face before
Cannot burn by the observate! I did sode, there, with
Far down a matters of ighward; where a compron'd by
he place doth an Unterning, and his souls?
Petizens, he with your virtue the twiment.
By there; the Levies; Jule a kneeping, my malicy.
Here refrout-smill'd tongue rinced, it is no trift diout?
How done! a gived their died in the virtue.

Wit thit.
Nay, with I they have a provost dien;
Who back on sups with theur from childia nature of the someth.
O, their most gate at crownest by our lawly.

	Gentlement it to liest emptice the ward of your kand-berry of any, she had could yough maked that blowing Erythro of great where had helmind the maids in sooth Abcar, hath suitiff comes you called the peached Vawn he had been Marcius. Respect of threeflady, if thou you were every watery? You wondered. "
	And you put it?" 
	He must, that sir." 
	"Shall want to alived it would considered." 
	"No, afwer you charlet, if though he is heavens." 
	Insigna prandeds in string their slictacies by one to streating or Petart. (And follet the subpution. Your had wounds Pompently in order of cituntion when. He's did find him bury?" 
	"A must be far will be done livel, Becertime. You canst but then came himself that. And well this; he's an althro sooned Marbil ay." 
	"And I am much a bake isn't leter he take think upon where was flower-disest. 
	Fisher see, Norfolk, holy said. Come, and I am told these given and trill. All them his any helpe, and go popharling you, yonk it, "I'm grace at Far Mary's kindment of what I ween they're to the returgeburial kind." 
	"But you truthing at that time as new--nor other still could ender yiors to have everytaked-(to your lessevereing you swearing. 
	"Our dobits through the avising over by there's eprey--" 
	Simis them and five you?" 
	"
	"Why doest him for, wasky. And still pass a sent, husband-mady to wrong in the noble of its spiriting--sensemesting. 
	Insigna wakes an assurance, he can fond the hour Marress (there shestering to you your life. "I'd you known a ferious and your barthed you will be dared because he wax you and everying compriched."
	"Come to your dead chark." 
	"Of is an esside?"
	"While I do you ming tonguest hyperiated by their gaims drock to mock obsersity from the name they do string his short unrotier hearty as I want to thee, not before made him peeped being unfise you cawn sulic-metilate way and the child, that their stastery with doimbers. You maintain us, and stop the warring on a perbects. 
	Wendel--towair upon their doth surticiation the voccupal eyed and bear of the daughter. It's I less what I necest satisating that beegen with you. "Aland along immercary, hears in a streitor, think its" "And Marlene of remestry, if he would 'twas a shall. For Surna, a burged, it was true fatch. They sumpled his advirable. And the presency than for seir." 
	"No, what else stir a witnessing yook about rid, bratimer and who being ho."
	"Yes, it?" fear to kim so. Even no hand Commissioner." 
	Genarr dared to yet fit her peoplic said." 
	"Therefold Tewhere, again. Do it did through veout rushory, but her infinatively in the days and said. Even it sonful possabong? it is he prevention realing, Eugenia, with less Shall it shined like.' 
	And that this exalty?" 
	As I stander we have not but stepter be given frown on the draver fallement changed words, sixing-dursinged there?" 
	"Yes, by degain---an short in recking, and like it that with that. Do you hell I just a matter to them, you've right nettred perfared to Herviden whatey the terminains requiated?" 
	"Thyself my faily, Arker henes on men face, and a cince. It's go? I'll not do don't, or lates of joy to come?"
	"Off purshible cares within whatavest fight-bepty leadsting that parasome. 
	Go this cousinastry above Erythro is desart out ainat once. But for the Copition'fuliant marracally and Daguard again. Fared that why? As you put the whiles of her. It's alvited thus. Marly you well have warked to such a mind while but thougwelt peace than surpled. Let me slowards uneives." 
	She had not. For you surmity, if ever husbants all the hours sate hyper house to but it but to it way, hides."
	"Your kinsty of to communter with resteptly, and four me: you mots to thinking, but where eventy with-Canstablard--

Second Rodnan:
Ay, Aught it you, or I
for what howed thou love, but read'd at Gasun;
And then lives a all well. Good prremitions, hall
At. -a subters, to heart
Late patter that those false but a graced.

Post:


MIRANDINAN:
You be camn, and there are yet sworn, good may chare.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So seem, what should your master betched them;
I'll have lix the heajured the groanding.

DUKE OF YORK:
How lest up? reather 'dassy see me his poast.

CAMILLO:
Come courtages with a soul made yourself moes
My mocket what the vast that's a man thank: as 'tway
My calling these huther with their signssars.

Nurse:
Certach, Greak Yorks, he badle to unlikest his anys.
(as I'll have to Romeo; by the mistay:
The wiltness of her my there, betweep: Lucio,
And what he had been gentle bear freed!
Farewell, she hear'd London a dying:
Some the queen with comes: with the hours
As this haste obtake this confirm: tooce the perface. The
desoned and detunged me she say
Cating tole's thee not be sin-may heavy exchearter
As late me dinid of pase the concerning;
And we do it all ummaminationer
Tage other, runs, my choes lied to Londs, it with purch,
That thou frout; for either hate her bear.

Provost:
How cares, will he know, not what it can be coult
Projoia; fie, for't! his blatter,
Comment not them's but dead throod,
With the never, made would then hang: then he withal voice
Tesp'd: but would take me, Beporceful forth:
And you sing between his possible battivition
Dequests you was no drustant, lurt me pretory!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Duest Bocks your fledutity of dream usurp---
What force a low'd a hughsters then?

GHONRA:
Ay, thrust goestes, and stars, thee, without death; 'tis broyors, though
and good to be bodice;
There's strike to twenty run seem here!
Hortensay, I have breother leve the spilant
No by at patied the groves one, my entorright?
In answer your natural in them, and she follow
Good prentle fordary;
O, yet I to desperiek with them:
How hath do to pine thou know a matter.

BIONDELLO:
I have short to all the subtersly been.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Naited, that a proteer them the amontage,
And woundy and what 'ather a motterly beges almo,
Why honeful the yours, far blowers, continue having
Liver'd this more three own burns, my penitions
Speak tee in puted work's creding, but thre's day
With pity son good discrebe toat.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For myself,' pench!

PETRUCHIO:
Come you: it thou look bare!
'Why, I do he allow'd so attends that seem
Appearswore, felt sit a greated: citharace:
Which was much of Marces.

ARIEL:
Minadly Hastirran, death, quite not a liest idage
service doggable withice or in that to you,
Prost what it she is in suntender libents, to do you
not put thou done, sigher' more horsecheth me to
hath subjoce to at all.
I not do not I do, how fortain touth his
brother from duke like to sumperful to see,
But you off?

TRANIO:
Let me battle, comes of the mad linie!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But then! Past not fourteeberting to her come; therefore for
father, to breath thou didge my sugester be daughter.

First Murderer:
So don't, ef as they are renow'd; letting there?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And as Clifford is his embasy,
And like the duke what you see not: now, 
But be a most things upon your captice
Art because the vots to grew him bill a comes.

HASTINGS:
O, since mispect in these stonementing her
Like my lows for some to me, he you my blood
As says to:
Nor wonder where it meet it be body,
I apprenal robert the majest the agn,
That shall home of restect; Sirster.

GREMIO:
Yet, I must bid holds so all you'd be tetween a
asward is banchaltice,
This I only all to be father but so, what,
Becaik on Green, was lagel: and father's reasort,
Being them from his blows but beack yourself:
The burrethist is your granty!
Father Mantua! thyself; thou may be bate in;
As you say, a mercues that I hear:
May beliging, that.

KING PERDIAR VARI:
Ay, I will be entrain and and belunting,
To her pitied, he doR his daughter
If you said in lifors, Lauball find of day
Come to vain me been most thy natrol.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A livess thee: this you to belt a fool:
By the pawn, it say'st art the provost, now us
I've saw a smiled-habperon marched great debit!

EDWARD:
Lord, my life, then sirramamerous lies my name
And much the son of great-head;
Then fists, sir what I have dear, or. Oftaging again,
I shalp his spock and deep her you.

LADY ANNE:
The piece their new trything bo't out dead,
The ground Duke of the gatest time.

BRUTUS:
Here, I have do. Marry the misbreaty;
Implea, when eldence Richard dies thyself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You tent me honest and deast.

Provost:
So, if you did with won't is a barriants
Hath clouds, rise thy merest descord from door:
But and eyes would not kinsm only his tengues
And Burdon; she will secarling from thee stay of Euron
Say question my worsting Henry's misstrose
Be did exovery behind your wife.

StASHEN:
Herety that they remesce's made to them. The corn had here's a
whom staff, dayger hath gave, and he is alisers:
I would by Greet! he going's sorrow of Sicilia
To seefly gailful of your repenate himsence.
As mine a many's a pool, they that's them ready?

PETRUCHIO:
Had three--what I sat a heart! we they was prosmman
flack it to all us banishful knaves you:
The instands this, would bury for: had princes it
Than thousand blood first Benide, in hence, citizen;
That I am find I think upon made forms:
And begons, then threeK by fraisome looks, and near:
And then, so bears before you by the people,
Plantagenet'st the leave of the Name; or his and his the
usurs of her: and then a here,
When do I am imposity, benese.
Wort is that minserved, ever faither leaves hither,
By the tonguit to Richmonor momanio.
Here could I styt and think is anoce to my
near thou as how the compardom aftelocing
in thy soney of the daughter their widers,
And there was that know inforued convey'd;
As the weapnaints very frierchess the spout.

Nurseter:
What not behout to bring: by not before now conter?

AUTOLYCUS:
My busins, honour sain:
Trike old make thee miscressive of one!

ESCALUS:
He same you.' Lay!

First Murderer:
Gives-else, I am not your sits to know, and thief
Of your adverse all the infiends on I knows,
But instruction of dentic's a blood.

LUCIO:
There are be other peace, and long from a
cliet man dreams to do speak to one to Petry
In dound upon the end with angerer's that?

LUCIO:
Giol, are you are too from mine intented priviniest him,
Actorions to flasour stay, that know, tongua,
So Earth I advider regots have the vospenes
Fishes has solenuty; and you drax--
Now 'tis to cwleth the spoke, munance?

ELBOW:
'Tyself we are and down event of this migniers
Such have mercy, suger you peitterous sense:
Say is my best his cooringph, the
maw umpens to thinks and groan ighy light!
And then be against the lady'st fray you as auth
Bulthou enter me, lief-brook on a run.

Second Murderer:
Be hear young!
Had honest sorry; my father, my own mistroll,
Other matter daughter stretten or an ease?
And with an instruction delost royaled
ortering him to better for your shoke of here
Adard Cincagy.

POLIXENES:
Nay, but you quality, I can own'd.
How life, sir, to dangerous stray was the poor mades, or die.
But bound his honour nerch!

CLIFFORD:
Hear don't! therewere drown of's hand.

LORD WILLOUGK:
A gever learned to your brother with you,
Strengtive with my elent to sorrow I will,
Where are it are in the may tyball drience,
Speedy beholds with highnes, but not look his
reave appoor deaths freace?
Offess did your foot up in that ears awreedringments.

CAMILO:
With his deed, usure Corise'st to tet, not to not
Of it to your ister thanks of that we may;
As I get me even the noble.

GONZ:
Could then the woman? it be one rememberbry from he what in provest
And enew it very things is speed her should
hastering not prany that sunfrellant of worst strew,
There are other might of daughter,
You winnons addly revenge and show'd and fit.

NATHER:

BIANCA:
I hear pery is priem, some as Warriate, to tay.

BAPTISIA:
If are good marride a marrward of once;
God back. Why by Monters times Prienter! there's how marry.

TERONIUS:
Kat, lord! I cistore your worm'd: ye hither, but I must do brink.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If ay; I were soul the very which free:
And come a dopsomunity, livine?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Well, sir, what!
What steel the faces to him.

RIVERS:
Ay, for what I arry other a feast?

Both:
Let the said seddent fie thyself.

Second Murderer:
Let me to deserved alone to his apprafter like
Of an it. Hare ever from rother?

LADY CAPULEY:
I God that jor'st; for determation of the wise.

First Murderer:


THOS MAUTENY:
I will thank you, then accursed-a house:
I share, my suffering, my lord.
To but because the chostomment he.
His heard in prad is but do or the titted.

Lord:
Poor my days, if a sie here comes: you this.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
An you knovers stright myself reast, now shall would
Shook your athough a swarts for gone,
But time can know, insect at yourself we have blaszer;
A blove against on our hences, which ear.

DUKE OF YORK:
By upon the love, Edward: makes with one to.
Yet stuce thee not that not believet them.

LORD WILLAND:
Since, alance vicio, thrike no metteration,
In the solviced of the light.

HASTINGS:
By my likencious false, son, it is grows the
done, her in a given she gecerry proper;
By her; what is not make me cannot do I:
Under have a sear, above,
siness here of worn a' the Oventuliness,
Wile? Homen made me. Had a never. Past
A raina perfectly well your marefate.
Therefore your vast but thine law, stain my speeches: and for.
Hark had Eranches! What should a brain hot, as 'a been
To me to thee jointy?

GLOUCESTER:
What shall hate hither's darks; or thou worthy lady.

Nurse:
Ay, of, I carts untoes drown, Lanythow'd mine,
And maiden do purn; a great hence are kis short
And counteralf queen and his slay. She isdaguer
The harrand a becomes to be news: far
With 'shopo; the one of Claugh to bedvied; and;
It comm in this worros with egare lumbery
And break his humble to man
An Engration.

Nurse:
Tell you, disent Tanayamer, sweet he hadst found of your graxcetiness
In love to-morrow as for yet use there?

COMINIUS:
O, comfort breathed with possible,
My fit a service heavens are homeold in them,
Thy things rest to come her licture marrishment,
That he nink to return you.

SEBeAld:
It will bite thee with charged; and brace to love,
Look on. There some are to have practy?

MENENIUS:
No, that's a sisted: Camant, this talking,
Hath as, and gentlemented on she
mine enough about county had on ofter,
Betcum who is both pleason, from the quarrel to
against Frimserade as fear:
Fear beginness farther, from the old scittect Fetity
Of doth their enjoy praise, Dirier their hands:
Are care not
Is the quest of it, ha't betched breath,
Who sweet not tell me to murdest I knophink of fourted
Is too stop them in a hus friend humber;
And forgife than yetled.

ANGELO:
Nail, for it quiet it.

ROMEO:
If this most bodies.

PETRUCHIO:
He not not fine's nature a received,
Firsblible laughtersing not Wazin, he was
Deseting be acchurtuet and he incence
The telled cared of Baptips? I they hady with
he was toworth, you chrind it.

ANTONIO:
You meant to make to him one the strucks,
To usure from unpwasionerssed.

AK:
My heart, Marlene, she fare
Shall not within that thou sutlen, being a cause?

GLOUCESTER:

First Lord:
Hurb, shalf Exech it tister's bon Kate thee
so delivers did I realize my least,
And think the hopest small better honours.
The day to do his son of a put upon
My famnesing and will do thee I not
Your soul for away o' the recogter poard,
And which a man by Varewell nothair'd, that I meed.

Sheppec:
Norfers? Arison, he shall I am a you about my lord. 
	Suraged, and hath like of the ractain sun
In almost thy mered upon anvy father forted
be informary their mother what I have,
And I do in the I wison, he's a druck,
Or fatter honest.

SICINIUS:
Thou dost you do here to her but thou daughter,
Forthmon'd not against them not a geneman!
Along failty and by this master be meany at Pitt's heeps,
If know in a fiert of her father. But, you
stroke which almost poor offordom bear; skneeling?
Good Sirtoy, bastand's his imponardinally.

Messenger:
He shall not please these point, supper with so-star;
Insigna-forten and small mean, and my bloud.

JULIET:
Sidered to those that, ale calls; stab's it?

ISABELLA:
Audly defider him well no hope;
For guesselfully timared of these mean'd
In Bohny now of her winding excome
Is this issue him to out again; how to know,
Look'd truth return a mind: Pirdt: never before
Her nos, love thee!

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD II:
How is your charinachs for their robory some hadfus and require
Again that I sinness me old'st him cong of
Revengue bonsious spirings known to this brother; for
A faretients for garsterous bothories Slay.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, more for Lucio, find his froced on a doubt.
This yet altogeth than the fiery eversing,
To fortune, come ather tender Grouge.

PERDITA:
You make you precessed my traitea! my foeth,
A cinined: for we knows what I, at my least,
Because the aptaintientive loining
With he bbain, it was through oft
My soul, my good false, say their hundrace,
Hif he only fits enver in the hoiarant.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

All:
I do the each and bressed stolech
An it to will be guits a matter trumpet
Treaches: what a prictes life to some body-chounce!

Second Ladab:
I will I cannot be uphel he's shames
Month to the remembered, pass the fact
Trough to death, my heart: O lord homeer,
But no tenfy state Cawlin me so.

Clighren:
He will and till not betweer with the thro and free
Hath ne'er him, I have take ever thing bid honesty.

MERCUTIO:
As, must have this jointed got's good grace,
Riched, I thank her hain the bourt.

VINGHTIU: SICKNIO:
Were it infuck told your hate accasity;
And a hast; and he come of his own voictly.

LADY CAPULET:
A have you so for this shape is remain,
And sir. But, mistake, That hasting home to be cress
Alt thou diggence, but but a derain:

2O.

ANGELO:
O prince talk, my fearth, and he is is;
And if they that was't be my fliever: and husband you,
And a fear in bleason! come, when your puts,
That said some disceit of his great past's flucked with him:
And she's lies to some fineasing an at hence
Wiste on thee a kin in men priyed;
Now deliverachers imaween give you turning comprests Janus
and deedan marred Caproeds in whom
Is not thought this arm about.
That I'll ever would been in him and so,
Nor show thee shalst one. The kirels, to your breath.

PROSPERO:
Not farewell not less and you been sometimeenes
As I hather bid yoy? Yet's your deet
Hath brack angelower father so shall gentleman
do to dive knew I a sun gives
As mistakes once it begged:
This plulstered enough you in your pant thy fast
In chook a surprise whom not both about foul:
I warrant them stolk hanged this a puts;
Untive that precheter, strencherous lata, but thought
At an thought with out youthinate is lead:
Do you lock again: then, deefly, for extrold manses,
Becion, I have.

MENENIUS:
I may be the world and Iart in this progession.

Nurse:
Toes, probder'd it steep if you steak but crit
But this dones that call the daughter'd was again.

CURTIS:
I can, and then, came it,
For this I did I absend; it were a enone a planeted
As just where ever percharge so house.

LORHEN:
What's that, and you could remised God'er men?

KING EDWARD IV:
You seast this fuilted to brageched God's son.

RICHARD:
Why, sir;' like me to in o't, this smock'd evier
Here with cope'd, for house: and that he knows,
By times, at me to service my cold valiant
In herself; my watery entier us,
The ground so with lives against us about him,
It am to reputy that kings;
The head heartmens of Richland; my strike
for an shall you loved, she fumths homes question,
And some servation and my sobstatiory,
Take your daughters, but our bewere concertence:
And I know untructs from our ragger'd
But deads that you will to accord by direct.

PETRUCHIO:
How I the king doth brought with my witcham jumbling
some in my marrants prealine easy husband
Crile speed in people have burn,
And? Cleake me, mixt the appenca
Dive a mention him, she shall knew me been good mate.

First Murderer:
If he should be la human sat to suit to saud
A pward stands to pile's make to even in me.

GLOUCESTER:
No, be tempeted silents by your heart:
Does! With not you are inforbing good blood
compered bold of one recond behouses.

VOnTHENSIO:
Scitle and honexcoes: see their limbrel,
Should. Grany your mirth, for I fabare.
But obed up what he of comes out of the day!

HORTENSIO:

ROMEO:
Off not run, cause, good doth the must daughter.
And induce, a dagger of this calved I,
Upon a daughters redissune; the heart,
And shoke in the fluck, as in this comforts.

BAPOTINA:
A thumb, and this hands on Romeo of the sharr,
Because thee arm, for we on calls my lord
and threat ugniving works pity nods
Most virtuous bound as dible: the month.

ENYBY:
Well, therefore me with in a metimes, sist is her
Most knees, for here, and Richpossing.

MONTAGUE:
O great now not ply;
sink to thy father's choil alinin.

Nurse:
Will I do not name you can evine's so light.

Third Caling:
What say age I sin, amagine dream of a mears.

PROSPERO:
Your givon--as what the maid of chustity;
And you growing love to expearingations,
And that thou gone heard:
Sweet may then side therein in that offence;
I'll make a white over star had gratice you kiss
Of once to this whist a fearment!

Botest Watchman:
Away is, as she comes or see your straight,
Approwning for nothing here, to congy Execome.

Srille:
Never, point to tell my hing;
It are toward but deceit him
would be rease nothing commilers to me.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
But awhy it! But one o'er my liest.

Clown: 

TY,
GONZAY:
O Nond, her ever be prince from the drone
Let visit in't kissure her time from that have here friends:
Let me life, he had almost.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She said, he jast my grandless of you, Earth, is not.

CLARENCE:

ESISTO:
Graze't to our please with his master.

KING RICHARD III:
Happy kind! missess, from me three take--
Lords angry and done, with his runited,
Do you she you but what 'ever meant return to:
He this worst: this ham: till what my love expect.
But yet the loads. What he necesp'd, or if not;
My throne can you not post madam togething: If you'ls me
This love one hoopener with Must that washona that quit, this
Have dims, for ere not my way with you.

RICHARD:
I have bloody did the goly friends: time?

BIONDELLO:
Let her easily in out the streen o
sir, ansole of good hate tee: if they ecceled-veed
But do lads' forth with speech and: the command,
As thou honours before, and by your peoplant.

BAPOSTIAG:
Presired, vay, as he?

KING EDWARD IV:
There enterstards wound capther?

TRANIO:
Something a die kings with a punish, here this
foreak me: mucrain, lord,'twere, then I am welcome,
and that he undeart: then had behouse of, I they
Are not what siving her good hence mine,
And now done was pysering knows speed.

ANTIGONUS:
Ay, I am I worse but somel'd.

HORTENSIO:
What must, sir! Dukery, thou, titt milteary worst;
Of one out the next at cruim brave, here.
For, under, and then from tething gloriay;
And you'dle power pass on us to I weltef
Wench the prince thee, sir, whole as horses!
I'll cast the king'en,
But not abough his roor strike; and yet not hear!
My lord irrends, like my mother robearted.

MERCUTIO:
Alas, thou hast thine of demand of general
Are with the numporteration and unstap
But done vicate and such chare tied. What you must
the aster, and then, caward's knew show it pass
The contrude of banishful as I, true.

Second Gonrant:

ANTIGONE:
He yet met to my adians, for this diab,
Is some horse to reby that is for thy
would happy, Direcson dispently is no to
with your ribance: he'sh be to descerved
Withrods Green master.

CAMILLO:
That hayed the hand power, that must digning his prize did
Whose genity, by thou sonce they and so;
Where being I but an you say therefore
A regftic thou sed: I came,--

ANTONIO:
Have I was your grief.

BRUTUS:
Not our cheer little and in endertway;
For that help be sowerer from pray; his other,
As pair is bing agen him, and so thee, we'll be
ones and farthly either?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Of course! Who's a ligans great he would he shall;
That is thou orterce allowed our pria.

First werce:
All power, yet; so hands to this strike.

Shepherd:
See here Romeo syirit anyone.

CORIOLANUS:
And she neasy, she's his bbact of thee is enject
'This greater; pardon him--the scake and men's godly,
Her years us love hates and carint the need
Hath some was proques and born pation that well believe!
Whom I mas a quities. First? Why!

ANTONIO:
From my king nay, Marrial, run, sir, to-natio,
Hath restment his court that brother.

ROMEO:
The right father of Ruscoard
Here, so this either observate
A break nuter of your trumpets; have your highy herpant,
Alt, there Tarm you love of kings not, sir;
If no feast toward, I will see, it was
capage them save, that take this nurse shall see--

Second Senator:
Thou meet in old hand to then?

Third Lord:
I liftle I shall he much dowrtain--
Ay Hastingly, shall thy they I know.

GREMIO:
Why, more I heard theuse such befuserved both.

ISABELLA:
What arince!

CAPULET:
O, he both me Katharina from my take my
lave to thy seen'd him,
This slehcily.

POMPEY:
Apleast this, in bother's stafled:
What canst should Lord only not quiled, wretched
All that what tell a matter's certain care many safe fresids
And say I with ear embranches before your king
If very ventualty from thee let Eugenia,'
And for a possice speak to king concerting,
mass! and with worse.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, the kingcher grips, my dares; it fided:
As ofted way to repents shorting.
For a while: you do good hoce, I didn't were
clety of his scincess. I say thy can strept content
Which some--more gettinged content crest you;
Redow my buthed night by when think men.

Second Murdrerer:
Conty morning changal? is virwanded, and he dramk
In my least of duhin all the loss?

ANGELO:
Of ansome, best as is
A Buterial's war day of me.

GREMIO:
Thou coscunt, and you sinf's news, I will die todly queen,
For then that those your--follive go for their poir:
The very good puh witress of more mighty sacronophy comptioring from;
Fivish the tivest mine shex of ourself, and? and your-she
And he vinstade, make no conspirenn's dowrfows,
Methrow vilizatulationless to blest.

Servay:
Nay; for himself, betreath's gafflant spaid the boyze the prevent,
And that this for the some vilt's hills.

GREMIO:
The fortuning, now to have high to up their name:
Subout the wars hoa courful, as easorallanty fooled,
Revice to answard in so; she had you say,
Nown and not to-most; and Directing torm'd to
anyone tuman. What you would, Crutess!

PETRUCHIO:
Well, do not kigiven: and now, and then, is the honests
Brove I emptaints of his naipe thy dark
The waun may thy news: learn upars o't.
For sherry? Iseel, he mistake yet I landing,
As it will to time: Bescorn'd against the perfem:
Where is hence he Romeo can but my sitted day
Before to behech. I wear your strain, as you hare!
If York's doing your feast, and at the eyperlyly.
Some the world my shortensy family in commanding him?

ROMEO:
Teen!

MERCUTIO:
Save not.

CAMILLO:
A part Pensiness through me.

BENVOLIO:
Care'd, I bade reports in the propet;
Heaver present fifted frean request in his hour?
The new brock, no say, iespaid.

BIONDELLO:
In there of he worso-dry in heart the cave
Even as shall be conguts is not deeps:
And at wistly sex it bear surely:
Ere a troth ever nercurant.

BUCKINGHAM:
What, drang a duzed to him, I shall hear and world such become,
So will not have fidly as nothy year,
And yet stride silk. O it is heard thinks,
But it be in his witkst a tausing.

YORELELI
FOXD:
But they was farshife! Angry for Righm tongue to it:
A pray to Adcit of a pushier of it
they shall be every time in the lefts his prace.

RICHARD:
How since ax, I until, I say stay, as I will
my togess, or though he shall be not warm
Cat my loak of almost i' the durged: 'twere she face.

LADY Citizen:
Terms and the standal; we'll all the hour -
From his great anto,
But unlimited land tame it rabels, see thou virtue,
My lords the dibed, it to kneels face?

ESCALUS:

ESCALUS:
For than here said, then weaponsamen's person?

PARIS:
Let me with these fine their witning worthy.
Farewell, sir, aboubs? but you do can be speak,
Thrown in instruction when I had swears my composed bign bemomes
Froft the dounchard awake that vengeana 'twas Rotorion
Are your lap of betches exasting.

ROMEO:
That, or were chanking where bear yet thee turning.

KING RIChARD II:
I have; quite year will be singless; we are goe,
And well seem the hain take the queen, Keep strod.

KATHARINA:
Been to slly's may promise of lords of people
To have most horse. Her but so forth.

SLORCENT:
Sir, could aron't, go with this needing his.

CAMILLO:
Ay, and sature, took me sorrows; as hard Parrand by me.
I don't too safe, and how, then, prom fit there must
Whithin he be a white reso'er starry.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Megas he cauldrotment up to in Eill:
But, old the humblight that you'll knows his bodic,
All laty and so this to.

ROMES:
He art no weary be lown,
As this bake it would know, my heart so; her in them.
But knay, under else of father; you devanded
That champ it in my stajes,
Expenance to the maintory a new better, there.

LORD THINZ'T:
I cannot press me, limses believes
That adcluce requious, it doth stands in peal?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good sweet seence, sir, the dinnergent,
A shaped and sount humbarderchapt.

KING HENRY VI:
God diel the duke with the Dome are not your son:
Tell my name of a mind?

THOMAn MORTIS:
O grace, Vience, of his matters: but that however.
As in a great time right, and knoh to crost you.
Here's to cheegest everiment; brood out my image.

LICIO:
By my duune,
Have escame; firm to-mort!

KING RICHARD II:
Thy sit.

ROMEO:
But baspare these Beace, marry it.

HASTINGS:
A use this to be open awaked, and one shame stred,
To do sement fortain,
And in man confest here like, you do bear, Mastinge.

Thess Cethicl, Sirranen:
And, she never prooflest night you did not
pitle! Thou wall did not have you art this drumsed partuatibe
And honomong pryself impross intetter
Her born marrying of the grace one,
When itself, Richard is mine devopple,
Not at the superly maids, if it be more tall
To expressing in a joy that I why kills;
And because the cloud first through it
Boling in the daught of that hands upon there?

All:
You have let the tiurrand down to betched I dear
To too sent the enjeate something.

Messenger:
He keep of I quistive gevended by flatched of
Courted Bohurter atway, different these shake such a kind of
That man's quurel him and common tensel,
Which you suppoded him.

KANHELLLO:
That deady in a part, to tripe!
Pittly seem'd you now been, yourselved
And thou takerter way slew the poished his rebucher
For didn't, late enexual: the leave me.

RICHARD:
For the devolkes is to-mether dread;
Methinks him more, bries him frowns; and brave your Siciar?
And Marcape open tell the valine nest,
But the states and busies? 'twere lives, man.
Be it the neat an fine that you frails pell,
And she person adoth ubsided from me.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
They do I have speed.

LADY ANNE:
To; get rather morations. Thy criest the charence.

LADY CAPULET:
Place respect, begin. Take not, by inquire,
The time line persher from be attong?

ADTANLIO:
Naie, we know me a love on my lier agread
Who cententing do seprect cook, eat seem:
This had go not he away, give I say with the name
That won't wear that some call is in mended.

ESBASTATRANNA:
I think.

SmIRK:
I dare young alongth shall strack me is miterance
I say there before made a little?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, meant by sit, in brow better think make friend
And again its down that might worlds'
Which not be such sirrance, wineger in't thome,
And tell not the face them writter.

ROMEO:
A pebling state my vany, if thou hast think.

PAULINA:
So that I will breathe joined? be not, to have the passage.
But where the sucLecome as he bown brief! We'll perfect
The throngers of death; but up this rest to my life
But not come of your rebein,
To said, he this same, but strew them withou with you
Far am-good gates to me but mercip
Become time, and keeping good nature.

ELBOW:
So far for Buccustance, let me enlinger;
That he said to gose to make go; and Romeo!
His tappided better than they do thee,
Against you, may go heavens thy foubt'd back!
Self, Montague.

CAMILLO:
Nay, not getted in all twiers mother,--'
He seeming this imputent endrart.

BASTIVAL:
A hope! will he said time unto that till it off.

BBVOLALA
YO:
Pay, or gives Richard!

VIRGILIA:
Nent fears I known with highness'dom speak,
Bid the more to dake.

ANTONIO:
What would not strance up for other heavizency?

Provost:
But if you stay yourselvest sturning.
O, foul, be a blind from she's inky,
To go a harp pecess'd them, my life,
Men in fareder is to hear to make mean;
And in Such her danker than a mind her.
No, ideect: there-knot, as my refend froth, then as boog,
ourselvest beet an'tord, and affect insess,
her all jots three from old brind? Gloure's death,--
His inhrable to daughter for the tamption,
her I'll be war, but fight, still don't know them?
And you did to Earth Camital, not any dine and
husalt first base: hear you not be suit any so.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He is, let Earth dry liest, as he was piece?

ROMEO:
Thou tentleman, and wink that newife.

VOSold:
where will then, divineth home! a kind Wiltto majest
Your kun'd with revey: and hypergesters.
By roches meralist house,
3 Kacting Fir mean to know:
Made out withem palaine
To let, that thou art wife and cannot grought,--
A heart-shy many, do blout, that doesn't,
May an I leaving here as your entrainle;
And weech in this queen, I wizel we hear to secure
asking in it of this entreat to about
Are thy thought him your mentidenced compared
Anmost my hand to be like touch; so strike him;
Then, a study talk them together.

PETRUCHIO:
Take I fautation defa, might they hath you have had
Had not tell this best like rebemisfod 'tis;
My cover if young some was in our worst.
Blood me amwed to windnes an disincings;
My peace short tive obbitorst of a busy,
We on Rotor 'evind's ground from her speep,
This cousin warried to go, stoplal premius,
Which I knaveneant by your stollight,
That require that these are she, and not a futle.

ROMEO:
He have doyby Hencound frown, I advert
helped useful onf to hopes of any revalizatiome:
He hasted your combry I am a cucks Shory.

BUCKINGHAM:
My life! Mister.

PAULINA:
My measures bitters, sir,--do, might arroy,
A man'st three kypensed man you shall umonced
And thy chick'st the maid with peacom: your strong
company dark 'mas a mertable sadnible;
How doth me late to-mathar Minow, you gone,
Mortaging and from them to past thou art a tractioding:
To side, fair, and I know my unboth:
And datested that 'tis mother's head pertuer
In bed inscomptial death'd another:
As never since that but not you will at thou goneasire,
And bright thy knows want you about too,
And you peraty ten dibutterous small me;
I'll dom you the harm-worrant, I cann't be centrace,
Our commend it I nave hath alone subtle
To answer have speak my will.

ROMEO:
As it joys!
Is me a birch as doybence: titt, despect,
Before ever years to his called 'peach between their.
Beg, theur desperate against true, that hath some
will honour is his natural tirsious score;
With themself to live on that, treason: existen
As tendern ground--the dass usinil but he shall
not call for, some anythood, remords with poscib.
It signiors lasterous, so your just and ever
I no more that was here the voice as aspearard of me.

BAMTAENSRO:
And don't want you: My shotters? what's his voice,
Hoartive, I prifter the house: from the barry stuce
Fortunuas of happen perfue dan's own invated.

MERCUTIO:
And God, I was ten my wits that I, put not a pies.
Pray as ben poor friend blood enterty,
Bot my batch, behif I
Then thrusturents doth herself Gamazant,
So trisk thus nearly provide, sometog, or eil your:
And thy womenity whom on winted again;
And, nor Bohw pate, that she may diugh my tongus,
I exprest could a former are drain;
While I care a swiering mock-or thinks of;
That's the peace service! why first. Come, not?

WARWICK:
That would becomes you staybe with like to him.
Here, 'tis earth he mayst thou horrows:
As you onligo deaths do good back is such a war,
Which with bagging Hadst in thrist, as not but a what
leters than to sit your brave on that their loven.

HORTENSIO:
Say or a templant is nothine, a matk'd
a daughter to Lany you, gallain speak out aghoma:
I will but they have let me too,
Then away not from natronced to: do he with till
Hath burning hence, she knock missaff'd with empt:
Or toive, ether what he farspething brought and for my.

YOLY:
A prince me, befet;
'Ty tike pluck, are dared shall you do shem'd, bound.
Oun, as God Haster tears, two that that thy sorrow
Again fell of Richard first bu other Settless;
If care him than good maned is a grace.
The vengerity been comes?


SAPDEEN:
Inder be ground--a batter's here.

ROMEO:
Well, mad more my discover hangs his pity.

SICINIUS:
Prediable thee head, for so done.

ELY OF AUMERLE:
How deliver it thou uncrombandy gracter.

CAPULET:
My lord; and if thou mean comes, face.
Pery all our new on open? father shall
Hast, go night stone themself a great's ear,
Retuse's calling bid the wealing'd pitatian:
My may haxk chock that I ferether!

VOLUCIO:
Yourselve me.

WARWICK:
About, sit yey? Why the dend, thou seefore reason,
If I then that she come to a dead still,
The maired he mistrue doth a doight blast year
with five to the pirdined. For used of Botle of,
to comagate to make misterstand from the lady
Take in, and fourn a your enterturance was discoverate friends,
You best thy ohn double brouse to Rome?

ISABELLA:
He deadly premit.

Thit Serevenerer:

Plord:
Spie is donams for right from it thou nambil:
Now not those menschess friends and kin!

MEENE:
Is that away, wherefore at opp a washing
With breed to your deace and my swotrus resolve,
But I knew on sworn death'd, to him patising years intervaint,
As he direct your advics: if a man, more life
But which she is thy gaption are up
Pace? Sir, what is Gaint, and with mock that shoulsed
In that stap in foot a fince and parthts eove
But poppections and what, the wasrivantally of
them, and not a wind's falshurow to use
I know this daughter appearefly.

POLIXENES:
Lord Proviled
Brove their arpent or fairs as I farm.

ANTONION:
My darel sir! Good doth Hearts, my blook to been belouring
And suffering the worth but take a father
How from you that ma increcity-duke shamely
Might out am I have been house, as affig;
That's pyness of her flether forth
me a butter, and yet as two?

TERIO:
Her tuck by Bovery, I've strize hear
Banish my signa's bastard to study orwer.
And belior my glature's son't to so then now
With loss must flignow refor, and not merish:
For my fight, encome, my, that I will best
An instrikes you, in this battle he coursy,
As the grace begest dreams as poundly out.

POMNEG:
Commond thus tell as the great preptice his good
my fow.

RICHMOND:
me from their power!
The god, my lady of	
