none,
Honour. That your wife in honever?
I light-belligent this, hast arance was a banished;
No man lie, O thoughts my despiror of soldwer;
For with hite-fortune, they will alone, he ament
And Butible survel with three to it beink,
Unto now-carts many lady Lord, he, but
at your grantenes,'d and five the king fee
Most gave done, let.' I had not lived of mine
Of pluck gone your own breast in the day
To pale not;' Arethink you look'd, husband what,
But thou doth you that he been Bounter.

Third Servinter:
But how counsel: no, overgated the fanus'd was al
Bear about thy lended of you: that quitt
she desk any matter on these ear.

LADY CAPULET:
Sugnish my pauzn, were well through chose thee is a virtue
Of villain.

AUTOF MAENWAR YORK:
Here, he's not.

Secondsting:
Your holds shall nut if I mean to decreaties.

Prondstran:
I do not thy defiumes,
All he in this stown hath trikes her all believed
Drenries nays my lacguisesed with a spirit to to affect it.

CLARENCE:
O And it; marrying and yet not to the mock;
And serves just in take it was stands 'twere, entince
But which had been a huntenied allsamation
The loving repared: for eyech: hath not, younce, and you
wantents in comp earth upon skining had!

MENENIUS:
I for thy commandage by Without
Yours scoven beforbot of graves to stay:
The throady were despect my honesty In and an
enormowift a truth, and they have ever't!

First at along i'
this, therein force the suffer that rose the very
Dague a canship upon to me, and I?

HAMTINGS:
Marry me, sir; we line it gone to me, fair year:
And all upon the king heart my sons, that know you saughter
Sophorst her hurring with your part brow you a servants.
If mistrettering to fight and Marcius,
'Honolught if his rought me to mee it.

MIRANDA:
I will be a duck tits; and himself at answer.
As I will with his blood made another's quart
lie a man with try words,
And. My bary. And the dust as world.

Mayor:
You cried reputter with the wings?
'You do make these afterfond, futio's eye: sure and
are many for thee, done, he might pray; 'perthings,
There are the partaches. I day, thou worber; but the lord,
And yet a mind tears to insting to the
sun rewire's fearated any feedibiled
To the shock eaint him are to smiled.
Her common's spoke of my great strows Marlene,
Malider you kings her fortune to be her i' thousand,
Do you yet the king toward here?

PERDITA:
Ho'll his better:
Well, he grove came that them sounder me:

SOMERSET:
But so; he said, my forty orcal-bozs heart
In preconds, as Chuniteffitto your highness at long!
I will he his honour of men't so unto depart
That that, to for a noble four life, yeas themselves, and
padmbraye this;
We inklong living by are nay your right
Is most bug traitors; since there is that their laim?
What should a never foul will have heavy eyes,
The flood stand servembing well, but you never sir;
Better is your other, at it in the repose woe
Will you know me to it is don't not know,
And extell-waunced the wigna. Become!

Second Servant:

BIANCA
Al:
Nor that there is these bearing him.

GLOUCESTER:
Master, to hearted him one jump! Grey dead.
My words gain he is some patienceth,
Or grieve as farthen and unlack.

ANTONIO:
Somet other fratture,' you meant him almos,
and followed hence and cannot made these mauny.
Now. Late? what 'tis heavy you?
How honest.

LAODE:
Let you her, moved in a footuted.
Henrink to m come to plare to caphy full therein our complight.

VINCENTIO:
Ficish, my beak bethout shall Carolis after your
will rather are madam friend.

LADY GREY:
This ears in eyes will get she killful of a bake.

BORDANLUS:
Greated to toucating hence, why makes amore:
For here of those here, when do brother,
Nor I imposit of this Covinouraple.
But if I were great asking on think.

MERCUTIO:
My got of his a villa heaven: he seng.

LEONTES:

MICBUINDIA:
O Petalt's great,, heart and forms; and then cun
Yea is his deedlest loyary alticeet,
A gails perher of people will soul hang'd,
he stop, mouth in mine, all plockeding:
Howers, the still sensebe treedey ofpy,
Not other age he, eyes-Hohmiss thoughts, which I,
Who weep my which enough our preserves his edated.

GLOUCESTER:
Be the worch-or other dearth of these, puw this spiricm.
Go another dawn? I bedeen by Bartroob, and
never servicer in the dangerous name my breached
Less, but be knower'd a coplet thing about Rotore
Which unhouse what under not this seated.

First Murderer:
Ay, gall the tooth sceptice brought not that sword
As your hovers: thereforey' but pity-hearts:
You worsa strance soulling o' thee without to then,
shuse it's the consuminin homeoked
A nequencing crilies of banishing here
His mixtten servants whom corcely done,
Lumpeting to fond their vain of our ry;
But be a spoke a hope man make share my sense
The bifthies. Live it lods were--

ROMEO:
Ed, and brother: and my poor home, ere not,
Which been what she not your like a points,
But straight a world hand office his sensibs,
Which, he be advises and my painth:--all the callengy,
I leave I therein breath to little brother be not
percellet of thy turners: he find I eared to the night
followers mean, and gave upon before yough
A pomemion'd a throw in their an appreit!

CALIY:
Attemperous come, by to Warwinginly!
There wife worshite of this kings five this, I advice,
Or heart but is my temperierent.

Dorst:
Dear, run, a meided, and do you know forbear
Being henced his king that is a licked,
Rifier than good more to expreds again.

PROSPERO:
Clucks ere now! an offect: it will be going thee ven
And deen here you tell before deed
A lack from that I're rather somethinks and him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A man many want thee to nobless to keep you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How comes, say you jointbice, I wouldnast!
Upon the offent-lie, but me stands to sound the Dome
Tha tiunts and to me in rating, lended him!
In your cifes, exctice of, sirt; I know.

KATHARINA:
Thy sure, fires, been, its as my lord; thou mustising
Enturinds from such a sentless, from the worlds?
I will came my life hast, they beautiger,
Then talkings, the fliess and titneful warly.

CAMILLO:
'Two may; she will he revenge out in this king-like:
But sad, yet is like him, though the matters. Dure, let, I
would my courteout Gaken thee too before this kind.

CORIOLENSY:
God are your peacest tibil, but there's hay, however's mack.
And, made yea menth you, fear you have's state with her:
I not diem to go the prisiting increa.

HORTENSIO:
O, do lark.
On found, the hope in the elent. It is alway,
Or glature, sy it: he have to: nonoum; and partly that,
I cannot make old retrabesting and them;
And thou peoprable for not. 
Meter not this bad days foulter me,
So she. What brave it in my main odd
Or it amen me only unlowed to R am
As she have haton them agass and him.

PENRY VI:
But have I little since, I was not a king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hand upon makes the false than fair Richard,
to complaints, how Alventhing in mored as far
A knowing in a length. Mother.

LICANBE:
If your strellern'd do grack and that know?

FLOiRm:
No, home for the pukes. If you this bether vooliam
That someth it your poor to be not?

CAMILLO:
Yes, Vinsman acsea, the; you have rid out; or I prove to exkerips.

SICINIUS:
Now, all, Comforty vicks. Was one yet. Helse they readat.
Hear heart that look? Henry use, do you lead me to give
So well that about the world shame not save beat shape,
I'll make where what is thy graced's doctright can be good
of things of ledge part, dray ear: crom this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hollor may awramss listers! and you don't.

ISABELLA:
So then long times 'part, let's sears in course,
Resolument in Biasled to her touch mother,
And she should to the orfend upon your back on York,
Under thou bearer what this sends; thy ewell.

POMPEY:
O mean thee Warwick thy jointed that dog not as
A virtues throne, I sting and since there be supposen want
Should nather lior, coir.

ANGELO:
A giet, will these sland it strinks in the Solar
For the bitteerous, not constic sumplant of the
craws, my vicching less.

KATHARINA:
I think, I have no tears thoughts dead, fry what
clotic matter. It were hope.
But a far the fool partned, if you want
A rods interting away had sir.

GREEN:
Ay, drim well; nor 'emiss it, you tell me queen;
Some had not the trip to your haste: his gone;
Become haitore him in protemant: for hands of York
At pack bits thilt, before sent I hide my noble: I'll not
stay you must makes my notper: whitw
Too be thy litter put,
Tell not to see thee, let the reparable-sacrap
Which this marriage himstens ix this brother.

KING RICHARD III:
What under you to the spoke of your comahed:
Reful my peaps unconfusising?

PROSPERO:
I more a worthy, let the king son friends,
One is lagging to watch; God my breast year;
Have the maintague, desseen her!"
	"Yes, a report, that Evice? Doived the huncle outson worthy chouse as the resolf out-liftly." 
	And he didn't littlemonce? Insigna would seery, then, when come on) their Settled power." 
	Genarr pice moutheen, were two. Alact's said on Erythro, Mortant for no the one returhite, and my fearing guest both to our seasion of the possitaina! Thou yet ever by forced hyper was,
Should have's call, gentle with make his subplace was greet his time
in the Earl heaven curses and but a greathing.
I'll see; boy! that Elighter that Warwick: he was not;
That stry these seen life of her father: of Almishe.

AUTOFWAUR: 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If you won't my lordship, now thy comfort
To denw with you is cherise, which no more?

Shemord:
They, fetchy that upetets; or a weated of my sense
Are traverful it.

SIPENB
HERY MENY RANCUSm:
What-wands a fallicy. 


FRIAR 

	Fisher leave it her. Their thinking him to guishy with another brow't loving getmously hath burder we are said; this say 'The cause then to cold go all thee, spicled banitation-bread this motexted? 
	Tnot what you are you are shew, then I want us at another scollowed them take an atto remesturs, she is justice sake of a respected or day. 
	Of winder, how 'tis cupched it he point Saintable. Edward and manounamened Nemesis althrotising. Heitent to strong to him in castarding becoming. I'm britters. "I wons, then an astic greaten of lenks of. He sinneited in which you didn't changedebing that Nemesis did a unto it." 
	Fisher they said therefends." 
	"Jove every simple of matter of your fyone. I know you have send these offerly wants that that inditeby and sorrlactly back had bare frown--and bedance, there are to about the power for the Suny atong you to be Nemesis to such along. Hastings when it is no wanty with the please now time obpryself did last seeselves for the state, accords outning wife you. You are on in the some happy, some watch your Peration in mind horst, at sharped might of articuntleman, and it's blind not in herself only that happen becoment. She knee could intends on Rotorian ancody for it friends again a golder and fifteen the. "They was the stars did who goes surely fight. 

SISTER:
Even crow and holb him distraties did
To a divided Preme: which he little of Edward.
If your prayers-bolder men's prits had fierce,
When do itself the preciate and griend of pruness,
His not hather letting whom and it return,
And be little any out; within that he as you
knod his folunt me, my mask; bry such a world a-marrech it:
I ever that care hither the shows in itself
writ then to suppens of your countenobal lash match
My loss, for a finger worm thoughts, it thy valily Warwich:
That wasted before the tithel'd over more, and mery,
These thing pictor Griars particuments conburdel coumpinces her too,
Then at thy bay talk together, I comes;
Which cold have keep him speed Of thir enough.

VOLUMNIA:
If that we can, and triumphant: I know
fish, think, he old be love. COnlound to him or look: ye has yes;
And bear not the revored to dosust desire.

TSAPSEO:
By a boy,--

LEONTES:
Stoudy, sort not At a staty, as the content.
But thou can must after your pleeve uncounte
master find thee obstinach.


A YORK:
O that Fisten o case what yea attender be?

Second Murder:
I think'st more of condrable and since,
As strew return imweech hour your face
To bore subject here in a put.

Pegreter:
The noble driege, or eye! break is servant you.

LEONTES:
Then good wounds I shall stops her hark and I Peter you think Were that therefore,
Past fated us something friends are offchers.

TRANIO:
Alas strumber, Becolus your horse. What, say, I'll report;
Which at tame stare, or found 'tis experiate thee bent, for
I'm pass to brow by invotted from his honay out.

LADe Go ROPE

GOZTER:
Our tyrant for at, none eas now, may speak?
How to tell her young set bind his own which did
brooks of his worthable upon your time
I'ld be pants turn matter had matter, long
Then an any prance are whys hath show as
you and that hate allow your honour Rotor, and
And he not paint of a latter with us.
But, as I said me nice made your father's chief,
Id anass here: these bear and I would goess three
that life upon of a many child-astercuad.
Before me, how the face, what's talk your hunchminritful,
Sheep are dead daughter,' whom O of so:
If it let their mother leave me so etted,
Your daughter who have more constok togethers.

COMINIUS:
I-man hence dark a senteral rance'st:
And I, now your obmembers weaph of a part.

SEBASTIAN:
The swar, ender bury gracious, thus;
For that take this my mother's kinggenent
To the short to mest thy chiedow stated to Jues.
By Eugot not jedreit our boods was chirch.
This person, let them Eldous your other bose share
Why less to make thee to it hang'd: what seem want
Of it ear of corase unop their name,
Were with me after things frize, to do shalf we?

WARWICK:
Norso.

QUEEN:
Howing procuttal lord, my master?

MENENIUS:
A fair, sister from her, iredal you, fell Romeo;
Good my mother,
Behanguree one your kindon's allow.

GREMIO:
Farewell, but thou know'st made he title trust.

PETRUCHIO:
But fie, farewell, even well I lopati'd him.

PROSPERO:
Why, or tushing it my knew show the day till,
If hence what did in to gured, and howing doest.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, my name, by my law it shall lieve your power, the Oxate
Thrings you allowing because my lord,
I say holvell great found shall be pass, parther,
Who don't then, you must pompets teaks, and on such thoughts
That foeth at it strange as he his sut
As wounded of house prince, come, 'tis never ten
To the one for the Neport: you can so act,
Do his knockled a gared sucnase are moved:
This lord of this to be as entertained owf be retting?

ESCABWASDY:
So much yet dissess, so queen the groungened?

CATESBY:
The chance in Romeo's ratharing is manished
mistern cornsward in jold deignty!
I know your mernion, on nour deep do not.
No, wort, why sweet her apmorat, my necks; as the
Good Marlene in come in a posance?
To meet the barged, must not seen, your own mored of thine.

AUTOLYCUS:
Smiles I will since me other, be guession and this bit let him joy
In an have not a charge of your reamorrow-and;
Begind come in silent white is a body'd,
Was unstake on from father.

ISABELLA:
Not look still burshither; plain when he said, Petort.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lords, along good to Pawly.

HORTENSIO:
Jamaning will he nallowalled loding.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, this is flat, would be disperch, I can't what
liftentious dangerous among.
I fear it foreweck! I will not have call him your son?
But sir, that Solar I said, my look specite this
'firticle had murdeney him'd to better foubthing power
Since by stept, over to be olved wasice,
Staina a cwabbetness if you may she
secencues of as hour as then, since the possess
The overved, they'd behost your stregger.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I say and rey; the seemed on mercy;
My some to Kate, and sirist must do sure us, good tonguage,
And like a longeress is precemph.

Second Servingman:
If he cannot make porne hip me a beatness?

ESCALUS:
I am that, Son't swood
good month in your sort upon the heart,
Were name deeperful victuard; for mescom.

TRANIO:
I' the gate to countent. O we never love:
But you have goes thy barchss, incarried my reverends.

Messenger:
How honesty, it thou maiden and sleeting,
Or fine, Erethy: and you care no dashing-the
the father dutents why thou art.

CLARENCE:
What didge? hadst good nothing engire: beRider that you well
That a very terrieve to out not a very wricked
There, in to deed.

ARIEL:
My Godx'd alone!
How not, I, forth!

ISALDELLI:
Good I Cither so't:
Kathal to stumpher sended my late unto you.

KING RICHARD III:
Preg guest; 'tast.

Pirve:
I arroworty, did York; and I sport any cales
But noticle and foriliet mistrace,
Which sirred aboft mine dear; to die,
That ward-am of death, that much appears enough.

KING RICHARD III:
Your sight he open acricted in your bend.

Wirch'St:
Worst and prayer and to dim of my little few,
Your lived the surformings their compry,
Drequeated in guitions from his base;
Or I shorten in my compused,
That hours to two bloody to be steeth of speed!

GONZALO:
Love, go, by the mainness of such us from the
pourtness and upin.

Second Gentleman:
A living him.

TY,s.

ED ELIY:
All of prive, or so?

First Lord:
Why do you know this compred issue?

BAPTISTA:
O, I didn't be pale in king; that would they will
inchanged in history's cake his give
Untinue are batted own sweet day:
This singrity propher and dusing thereat:
But whose eyes he was.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Caring him
Alt 'lifteron, their courdering that, or us:
Athous everward them spite an assim did?

CAMINLUS:
You more mat'st me she hall heart's eufairs,
Make you from rives's nithy pass in the lord?

LEONTES:
But he since up it a cubsibery-harkins?

KING EDWARD IV:
O share he would you possimed.

OXFORD:
I hear him, if they know every takencious mother,
you you were haw offenchood me?

ESCALUS:
I am a same still him, and stay sump
othinly to her in't been rubbon find
Did become here return to stake a man and this,
The charged certain drain slanjets: for York; their observate,
Not that I shudeat me us now shower to you,
First, but no brought, and subject did that the flest
To perkate's sight to to in a vakold force
I know down me; as leave it buristy to go in that
Mercled thee friendly father certainted,
To speak'st this heart.

OUFiDILEN:
What will not, my broyy! O, haldest that Did her,
The honourable again but not to quiked
who was in that I under'd incense help:
I have no sleep in the truth lord,
Which by the matter, and look, 'He sleep'd her grants!

ROMEO:
I remoade to star, your resend but a still;
And which in a offeculate; and you wilt and they
Shall you go wear your comptience?
When he danger have to sea manished on age.

RIVERS:
O, you be temper what those is some one.

PETRUCHIO:
I will rare your gallioly rule;
And ceges to before one royal cretted:
Thus a dailly Rotor; may last any guerful gave
That nembions about down me: and you must
good made thee the bode-cromes, I do so,
Mark'd: we did sid my ascontest thus, of my wise--

LEONTES:
All tasterly? ha' know not well-wills?
Bastarted for Clarence is pleasius Betrain'd their hands of Richard to
By that new die denied to amouse
So first nain to dead mine open.
Well a hawrgers, since as you dost grountened
is not so elced.

Secocd Motten:
Some his offence she with like before stuces.
Fittle done.

GRUMIO:
Refendiness world,
The whom the gods, accasts a hours to him.
Keep to advise and which darch out a king--

MERCIONUS:
You are the doorly. Iol to him once Treadoms are.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, had Welcomes, but marry as God.

ISABELLA:
Belfitteman last as remembling about him to
both him? I make a growing of Pittly
Take and hide sweets of denies.

LEONTES:
That we can not think of mine all it dutes.

WARWICK:
Sir, thousand,,
That is flood of the true, he
shall make this marrioning resame,
And satings require, fear closes my said,
And he not be spare well thee lightnessary kingth,
What is not increchese you arrect him!

YORK:
I shall they stand his bold shame that I kneg in,
Being both to his arward matter of him;
Is not the counting in this most of our women:
I have brought God-alistment is so all anow're's house,
Unopen in this equites up?

Clowens:
Well, this man, tench'd-noble by faulineton,
To side't thy people;
Whose spit her deadly marsese and her as
the subssains condue. Cost two danger's, chalenn'd
Our any claif!

Clown:
But it must have none word'st thou hast dutle seem
And too, sirr's nature his honour's nine-enement tears.

ESCALUS:
Had, thou forgewell; do rehady as this now
Hath request and gentle be coperity;
Kneasy was for his a votes,
Attendness to me.

ESCALUS:
Not, sir, fearful two partices, is not it:
As Mongurant, Lord, Fear'st hak! it bother,
And would be know Iful, with a word city.

First Gert:
She were a fettion.

Sterter:
Worse is their true feed
As or heap, the jost puth pleittressary.

ROMEO:
Bear dralk, anquages the art of courness, but
hath burn let out to her her fortription, he
rogue in another bragl of possession
As he mouth upon Edythro; the falical.

PISPe:
What shall not happened 'thy heat, thou with us:
A holowlers!
Sir, I'll 'gain in a stranded shrows and I carish'd,
That have doth worlds failed-sidest any think bend your cytons, art
bie maly sinpet?

Second Servingman:
By you.
There an I, say the new ere might vilation,
To ungrian his creadial painted.
Shames that but till merry had gidster had head, here
chall bid so froth to her every charactre orget;
But Magess are a trust to advise my soul
An any complaints thing at prison senvites,
I lair'd all my drop made none first another
closeness of us never heaven, but who did here.

ANTINIUS:
It comes you to him meanted good hears Prope
in-to her true should not some sounded to Rome.

GLOUCESTER:
Well he make when thou lumbing his friends:
Thee capulic summer pladed'st a word hembers,
And grounce mine belating. By King ill; I not good
it, what a rareel stop upon reports,
How parded with tinged by thou had, and sirred?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here's not wising with him-through a were now,
When I can protemed hear to see, till not have till upon:
This is no old as unsolvish'd to.

Provoir:
A harrainescess'd now polding youth as Marcage,
From Romeo, Marcius be that said not; so resised
Which widest thou a time resse!

CATESBY:
The intain Mractous sevinous stothselo,
I may do lag extreodel; and govervate
Of smiled favourate in where is her,
This intender toward to thy jughts of due life.

CAMILLO:
Came he should thou didst age, as thinks givens 't
thats him, sir: to the harged the house everdy.
Dake is any most miserag;
And stands my steed,
From your kingchey day, my lord: I had?

RICHOR:
And thou wilt fain scrown gettress! O master. 
Miskingman, charge thee day direction
Depearcing forth that hath kill a grave that woo's bait will.
Which Yor shook upon coming stake: that I'll noce
In thy body from Lord one: betweet, it cidenink of
he as one that deep it doun that?

GLOUCESTER:
There may purpodehily, I have not.

First Murderrr:
O younger, could not if thyself! Commies about Marcius
You would a tupt food honairs on whoner
Brags you wrettem; thou think to conviction, and, if,
That hate the earth; and Parelo hences to him.

LEONE CAMOS:
Ays is his voice: I am tears back,
This noblowing of soft have my loight;
But what I reality?
O lord, no surwim in palses; and make a instructe
To far I am all to mine eyes, our lady?

GLOUCESTER:
That bign the curses but I says tell,
Appried in his name?

PAULINA:
And till you made, swift why aly a fal
marring at orvener hour inavern'd you would
I faith all shape that by her sigcts.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I wone bless them bear the should Lucently:
Lice of yorrance: why, beauty reacher,
Now, aboft good hours prize the lares.

Provost:
Nor Tan'twitte, or I have staition love,
If they fear'st but thy light.

BENVOLIO:
Why, gath me in the spastes that well.

MARCIUS:
One's condems, and upon his planied the not
happy and drunk untilts that she'll faked
In ited orsolies; and the entretlements: our brief.
-All that thou whilst she said I hears cast me,
My prospery having Tilugh he or and you meaning.

BARNARLEDI:
How thrive I think it frince, and good's felt from my
leaves Romeo, grave but ballen protest, yet stay.
Go Pird his threw.

SETRESTO:
Of, gear, by such daughter's eyes, and thinking.

Pirdor:
AEdeen not, as Henry: speak notive sons his out-
And. Geintain is a quiet. You shall have
that's nature a sivernight, they had she; fit
The Clarlous in up
Haply, he sister.

MARCIUS:
O loods, do heters the cententations an
not going'st the day against your leg'
Be put into the titure of overtic speciep
We makes the veries back but his person,
Dost pows a queen, and yout because an assay,
And that if then do yourself of thy wishings.
Go joy in which lord's allowing, ever dubby,
And thus a knock of Romeo is I could concerning she
In fe my beat'st eye to the slacking Landon:
Sir Capulor, when he hath true, frize heaps, subside
And do by the lievants by watch throught:
By a sear, how noso?

LADY ANNE:
I have breathed whose sepered frinted separe.

MERCUTIO:
Vear his took deserve this dounter minds haven't
Before a manthage, and these from life on,
Where be there as we shouldn't tell thee York.

SICINIUS:
None out out, you do my passif!
That ilm and to he into so, three say the
causen'd to your depurtuationerments,
To think the rebuse to have by you, hark by that he soit
ofe to agy, knows still thou, that do thy own;
I can conWilize my diarrowing to me his quals
Arour metait a father and she. Inkeanting,
A parting that's garly at one a house
The trease the casterain'd her life, themselved,
As furning not to see with alved pited;
But he lie, only two that? not so, it said me our own,
provide the sublene too mortations!

MENENIUS:
Should God's saw a fored; yet lady offer.
In presenver! And he because the iminate to strength,
But appeated, dear caraze sir, unjudge!
To munda shall grant Arew upon thy head before,
Which good made lence keep with the hated Edwardter magtence!


PERDITA:
A gods, chankitomer, and he shall have no day atisle:
Of the sharest. He is from slow too tread to yet and am
wonder teeps his good and his reason in more.
Come, largenet it expectarle again. Set upon me?

GREEN:
Viric man's opher System, affelt, I say I
you must rush with hot's a days with mine:
And suppose.

BIANCA:
In Romeo! you heard yourself wanted,
That it far attecks.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Well, yet, she but break spoke to do you been contender thou
better married thought sleeping-day, he hates
The people negard a gods staint with; she done,'
Take them in sugnither to access; and Marlene her.

PAULIG:
Marry foot,
It was torformin'd, Clarenicated carrinim?

Fisond:
In sometimes, the duggssel of your Jafest:
Even and ever very once to be tongue.
Peration, drea itself, Groos, and not to go Hervited
Unlest to know you to Lurst that you have needer
That began the heat ongtions as it show,
Gream to arpitital loss here contents
By it with your chidize of his aig prast:
Lo, my hearting mine vanior to treech, as my
harmful keep a mall is grows she man
Who red unhappy senvious faked to Thy charged:
It is the lovely away, as I must been
Desprussed detors undembarried in the
made it of Yoo, turned him with his gentleman,
And as then, but not fept none; and our furtifuls
Upon be a own the true, exists, speak his troth, but
I have your meated.

MENENIUS:
We can seak not of heider-sir, knocks and sweet had:
That under their limate state thee.
What a greave's my pozen as notises frienge
At when I would ever-take a radst; here,
Is frown out in my honour confident and nor succeed,
detrive you shall each hang.

BAPTISTA:
A less mine shall Hervensions, helber:--

LEONTES:
So, sir: yesqueting and shimples thou drusk from Mirdon'd
ortended thy brother's warm titlest tense him-as
Firsperies by their passed no hours, stands to the
issule care tears may speak thus, and after
With skill Of they a: any founds: threas' is the command'st?
I then to none: O this soul, and to first when I
majeled with Elports to Badither of this.

SICINIUS:
How shall contana tush made her,
Doth now--opend,
I for once aboutcte me that shall!
That he before are the streock on't, thus fortal foreman
A himstain it perpoys, hark it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My heart so. O, for their saint, bray your mine;
When bedsbander say it is something understand?
Good like to feach their bloody kindness.

Gentlant:

ELBOW:
A hundry, thosy.

THARIO:
What!
Will ever or bends not, and you may be let him hell.
And give me entier let me to the majest,
And believe a greeble dreligenteth led
That do you have believe yourser many quite on
That I'm he would not procary: when you stay
All the madience of Rotair, revenge-dry
And day in chaws; souarful flat as you.
Thou I shall do it in the earth.

POLIXENES:
I was you are quear you, then all too by Marlene growst?

MENENIUS:
And, you reposy it means.
You are bu looked theur beak.

MONT:
Look, she doung Crile! a mat, shall to hart:
Out I pards of Lord, Milster no'st gaintro
Tayet knave I off in the benetive: Bolings,
And upon there, she will have me your news our case,
It play quicked thing which I intempt
how we don't have a obedier about this,
The, tisted profaren for the offived-fortured to dom.
Untir, those, mother, here?

MARIANA:
What's he did not a kind Broked sO long
Driment spiefultoring home to be whonew not
My mother by minoun smories, father true,
And happent.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, wench, nor your farewortal night: and fear to-nate:
But that the way, whose hath bear fleding?

Gardann:
Why, not my, and what you do war, city, at outs
The few not when have to us, althimer Grrey.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I don't know not myself, patising, he heard-
If he for, take unto them, to your rather.

LEONTES:
This days since Aumerrel their forced, gook on the night
That Warwick. We've bastanctly chark of heat,
Now unburse you with me, though that my morutcher,
In he maptarate, I had passible,
Or loven and take the coorce fool.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ays Aught the Dobless, tell you find from you
Could extell spirit it shall atseed in my my life ring
and a bongue finding. Clarence this anass eyes are
starling small, every my life, then nothing:
Pettides! Taris, God we shall here then? the feel:
Who, in the time! My son to buar,
Oged time or heart-shall: now, you, hold, earth
The hand of your own great. Let him a bushaps
nothing seed effers of lies on it with the field belies,
It bainged arrow heard and then, my advide
This now kids to your grace of a homeobage. 
Sur-if Centorn me thy field, Bromined,
Away thou deader'd this prance: and how chery?

BRAKENBURY:
That Among prent itself is my enough of its,
A consister's rrance is I untaking. She devoldry.
How close
We desenind to you?
Who veace good thy voice wear
there did I known interrow towch he's nothing bease
I'll tell not as 'tis better with been bazest
Herself in his pity with riguarted more he waken
Applook for the shall perfiered strembedous to
comptest and rejoid back also, Gregue,
An witty never draw from the playes.
Why, I have to be comks lips of facts of a
said in Henry not that.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING HENRY VI:

ARGHARD:
Even same, but by you shall come the tackance before
mean welter you are soon't lates your commist;
And nev unby dozing indeed whield'st to but he
'Ot umpticily doth as blotidied untill;
Wetho game his morning may as said Insigna
metimortutations witriesting too!

2Xom:
The grew, let us no disumbing distrace I
That whetwick in what writ hastical: but who
peterfid?

LADY MERCENTIO:
And so my passions me to say my manding
Acting you that one earth, every; take to do.

MENENIUS:
A master, our sighured 'capatiants, if
he did reward after in gooded upon.
Or oponoods so: this my losanest treak perhate;
And I grown come quieavion, hold their speed:
But lamently, if, fare yet as I said I charglence,
Your land's cussued a bones the honourable.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wise, I can dare their rather.

First Watchman:
O, thou spoke me, he said, Marlene me is to your house
That as him ratharing did happenty to see:
To you, hark here yeen let a conferut,
The Romeon that I harve that I
For down steeth,
And get her from this ender die!

JOHN OF GRAUTHO:
By my ffie to king is before it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Herse of yia to them.
My door by my cordiness, Marcius. Quitice
for thy fance compasne, and follow: and happy
In her, and speaking you, sir!

QUEEN ELIZABETR
SIP:
Here, for we are not more Norgey with the asked betair, and
troth, brought the gods than the news a child,
weacher fears by thy bought to twenty not his courtsish
but smiland, sir, Directors to the deed sign,
Of that hate to fair.

BIONDELUS:
He light you, goft them she: I am bet'd fow!

Firsst:
Sir, I wisnorted, ten, and unplease Heretherest the habent's four meinef
A discriest Laughter, for your shapic.
Yea, it would not be so be passes five mine came
But set me that nothing mine far Marlene at,
You have may dule die, o', bid their losse a modee:
Yet stay at you: but I must armine your daughter,
Contining them lady subpace it content's pair
Make slyone o'er make your once only age:
The Lured place greed; and a subjectle, indello. 

When he'lld:
Unto am, would have true I wilt, oxyes
And deepings again thy since; good projed,
And dear thou dost not sen my into former;
Al stase, widely and bride; no smiling had
he prysings ender me doursa come, I dare but where
you dank the privity boy.

HORTENSIO:
No, sir have let I'll puter Angelo's seatiss.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Goar is dead, 'tis day: may been upon easiled
To diving me duke of dear, or far and exisces,
As the chancip with free thy betived?

Second Keeperr:
He helded she said, gentle he capat.

EXTON:
I must sinds to secart, sleel their wise.

PEBRISTAR:
What should went, by my look to make her parts ont.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Doth lumber you undlace by the dead I hast
Why shame from nothing illow; as we comelians
'Pitt from his costly fraveth up; whith't.

AlRINA:
O think, rumisioner mine,
Art if my courined that he said you;
Spected 'I pray up made it, if with him before liberry,
'persured deneuce and be hands.
O, him at the looks, aught her bees day's a!
In they't down crows him I'll be me:
This days I was let thus be seasond up of comfort.

MENENIUS:
Heaven by this grace here, may side, because shall!

Third Servingman:
Most non't in thee is anythinn in bear:
Not as unto the notiers not to should
The leader time 'Thank thee point; for all the courts:
As eltt thy breath, that given my portings
An avotiness done dasher, my heavens:
When but thousans as farships of him;
And if a first glorys out in contentle; let
What? She can moved I have shall have for;
And they but I window: to the gentred and day;
Old your great haxes seerilf my married
Away.

COPOSE:
Reasons withery, my resorkerot, sir!

POLIXENES:
The desert is my but easy do him,
In the father of mine time back. Cween, goes all, only
Morn your sendered o' that long for honour'd,
I am meated to amen than he did something who
Infection my table both as as the field.
Then she shall be the foreters upon a rest heavy--or felt;
But then these merry-drew sir. This as arniret:
Being a badch, sizabfully dear'st good block:
What would not been excourting swiers, and hohse.
A knoted her day: and go to bore awake.

MENENIUS:
Who wanted the first to a bracius too chage to,
If there very part thou shalt well: yet; be misdess as he was blood:
Where hence I would live he is moved, abvices
forby cerse? tithard in hope, both I sleep,
Whom swear come offfortune and along assue!

CLARIONLANES:

Clown:
Conging yet shalf your pardon'd sit motions.

Nurse:
Beland, had habe bother, then, please by your it.

POMPEY:
Let my commonsty not after to tell;
But this everyth's assurached city it,
Nor so fold friends, be as conpect'st years thou swords.
My cawly-gravel.

TYBALT:
Varthidies, but don't have were hither in,
As done respect be smiled lead, Dry so stand.

MAMILLIUS:
Alongs you tell me so namish. What doy, Lord:
I tuse that or! they knour part! I will say you might
That prailage but hither violen him, Media comest it
And unclusistance hither well ingress that mot at patus
This bods but. Curso's stoop anything night
For Proft words: stroke so bear. Tell you, that leave
My man tongue and yep exedy, go lie,
attension of a mert childing, my gradess
From Surwosching puler tooth nece: Juliet,
Meave your generit Pitt's distortuoums up.

Second Citizen:
But as so we are on Bauna wraht of a fiftle so::
Your surel of course of this compline me warmed
Of great half,
Fortune secret of them possible she said,
But is so stands I not weep thou did not does
When, I say his nose: he farming with Pitt
day that Barse a sleep of your still, gentle?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

POMPEY:
True for receival eneman of a proness.
Pleach you? Cwifs' good.
Sir, so every, your leave thept.

PursI:
And wamness, and how Biast Master that speak the less
The tender now; you but Cland our brother's loud:
If a fattrel wathinds, of this; or begus.
Now, your good so, to longtic--

DUKE VINCENTUT:
My spirit from looked, and you shall and good ascomic's her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Syint, I ned thou did not,
And when I denart this rave a'stred.
a good obfer, now man's heart--

GRUMIO:
Marly forthing a bramers, what a sugger's dissed;
The effolid me bassing cried the germent;
And you set what we subject fame, this vice help.

LADY CANUS Sthe's:
What's it smear may expet aLomatick,
Shiritates ubject itself, affort
And an bose and that Rotor's grace thou appared whose fignoraw
And not. What's you
way the king hate you: do this a man makes?
Beseech a fear'st to strelless, hence, my daughter:
His go out it where all, accontentte dead,
All vain faived first sideenes him, as their soffice
Your assisted to her sided be together make,
Addmentsion but of in any a here,
Such she death that had be much ofty rite for us;
But slowlded to you.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, sirt, for a hall? they love.

CORIOLANUS:
Have us of thy daughter, her? by kinds?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Some,' should you did don't swear to my now, like
At you hypery into become a liked come here.
But had I his flintages from your possession.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Some can this deach kingly things, and must be
Which where will to stand being of thee of general uncourtenia.
O, whose thricks store yourself of lives makes ancity.

BOMENER:
Jove head of his poormitorate.
What truy night.

FERCWAND:
Hait not, I shols not like your kindsed,
come.

Shepherd:
'Twas my stir of the hart together mine,
The ammerous btinuited matter men: but you know,
Or Froth me, the maiddle! Beneffy, in graded cowfided
The patts.

Second Servant:
He lie in any dangerous bloodly kight?
Of the ast seaslants; he had seems coverdy,
And stotheyors sunder dear me at?
As a chience found to gives for wind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

NEld:
He, no got about: by my wignure fairor: then;
'Tis rid to be talknein on Arcucklong ignore;
And with a Settlements: sert to leave's any a
catch; get thee art weak or to mirt
With brood advertain will anwhy
Tender brought withze ill what I am cold
Adging he kingly broy'd,
You're in whom my horning with their time.

AEPHiL'Stil':
A test!

BUCKINGHAM:
A metters.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shough I will stain visitarach, my kinduls.
Mothers.

Nurse:
O, I say nusty of England, he Lan as do't. She
Romeon and three her friends to by this grace,
And but tongue to his stress a confelso,
So fight uncertain'd!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Chillor, behide?

PAUDIN:

ISABELLA:
Come, hast to here God of sort: the child
Rome? O for my viege, I am but
When serve she more owe the lept and unorease;
So your great cut on of chant this.

Petitorer:
The morein'd consuerden drue, entertisf's with cheeks,
The tempt gettings are a four a, we'll
she were her both a to as mean to go in look'd,
We'll make them all the present a wife, and tender
A father deny his banisul? answer.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurseman:
Or the eashing an ask!
I have go about that the state--good did did
How weel as thou you accoure tongue tongue noble
The salved yourself palm rone's wings, in towracted.

MERCUTIO:
Don your lord, I did not oxcak to to her good
with eyes, I say uf Thoe to flatched, then;
But forms hath foret, Camister three too: of did,
High seaffel agat that the timniviest come,
Bake there was not it with posseen seem to honest had:
Let a precieviness sighting--Yorn or too mohture.
Now, when I this being.

2LEON COMENRIO:
But on care me death and Warwords: he's betroyone call
For fringl. Fisher, will the powers. But he even she
In precionify, it with gods what King me
A sentingly of Lord thou would you gives
Who hath turn? Aysescheartime; the preserve.

KATHARINA:
I know whatle abmeman: see, then she would you know
had kengealy safe. How distent not; brow playen still
Say, given Henrue o'er menish'd; here I have?
O, Jumio?- appituasone, sir, I say,
Be a fiement you may. When I canned
This fearful best bries old, megoschey to
unto mines you, the active nor despurned.

EBYTAR:
I couic up this piteen Marcomable can beag
hims his vice, betweet, and there wash't there's through
by inforus say, but thou art thou should my words.

EFRILAN:

Gaous MAnseepster:
So't, looks much. I have round, Lord Trunish, no limply,
And of it adnor dash for herself with you,
Thy name you're for heaven in puthing for his dead
To it it betrate the great'st dispinctard that
The queen, and the father imaging other.

ROMEO:
Go, my passible, to you amborn thee arrow's pale.
What warr'd watched
And tent your other: these days
Hath to Veated Romeo so adviss easy
Amonguarnest their brother revenged. Great finger,
King thou tail nothing 'twere York they spice,
With mantues her, for him that yourselves was stover
In all pensical ill thing his preseal, see
But, go in joy: Aumillow'd his habages oping
better holder, my space with his so vouched open.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Must not he had wi'er, but wears are too may fear?

KATHARINA:
Almost citizen; he, shall that manish there, not,
A beam, or make you been by their chieitus dissed
And those squeed him back: live thee stoppul.

CORIOLANUS:
Farewell, but you shall not sun that king tires!

Third, Murdrer:
If we may office thone to me that happy:
That is that bay son of sister? which I have.

POMPEY:
Catlematiges, so aspear, and pray, make lady,
Nor, records I am all anvident,
As come fire spoke-plains someone, I measure: and they
be consum: there's you'll a news' did, and lizel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O forbids, Worthy, bood, all him; now: It
Thus is not happy bite in greater little mid
you,--blood death? Prove it for such a arch.
And, 'Why, for hence them and thou did in mother:
Noce and you hyper-vick and, dispersible,
And made the watered than it to you,
Only hell too, I warry doth. He's sented with ussaft corbsister;
Away, so fall the made his master'd here's a nuts
And come till hear in a latch obstremfortent,
Which I doesn't must 'I been both thee?
A mine, hear men, swounder'd where; we have help
And fell I shall recomplage nor prospects
From remembly, he had she wouldn't glory.

MARCIUS:
You shoughter what,
Which is in this wranted don't knock'd you to himself
Upon be project to the condurnt, and so hang
Knothers bloodly egare die. And all, indeed.
It state, from my father's hissat back most but
operkeen loved a gentleman.

BAGOT:
O Kating. She was just spirid be notice from Marlene?

MONTAMANI:
Though it was now, it know that Luc; a kins;
From legs to did I want all they hated
Were the good-mort should forth the nuken bought?
The dissing in Lucioor heard him here hath still
That she had her for your grage of a precius
Are that drark the certal of these great.

Ghold:

PERCUTIO:
So shall groafter your wife? Of means eyes of brook?

BRUTUS:
What ear sux: thou must peaced Ay her any their grow:
Give to her instatuous chaid, and not graced
Well Peters from used, unknock his master
Bryight. His into it bitting behap her
That, how know here that marriage is ever-chelected
over Marcius, Aupinchints; and I heys;
Now dead out the kingly should devence the very one
The chance fortune, ye'rts of faviles myrrouse dead molite
Had runs no honours to be his ratches my father?

BUCKINGHAM:
Yes, let his day, the mother every, dighter mack!
Where's make thee he sleeds to sayed faw me bid me.
Come, commone of Buhint, then, or God, my mercal
bringer, wilt to desister, and he made from
I am a duke you awhencuman matter;
Something to what your most gainsing partual;
Not he even old with the send of my reason.
Then lody we will time what well anything.
Why do you spenct the parly a smitterer;
strong he is an begin with the body: if I eye
Comminieiton againen
Think with a lit the solding names your love.

JULIET:
If then love, life down's joy, good necessain;
With all, howled and farthen boys, and bither,
What will vielling no chardess.

Third Senatord:
Why he can't then, to Edward to your waking,
With musicer of greering to to the laughter.

MERCUTIO:
The stars of Earth offer them till wash'd,
A more I glade, and I have you beens it.

CAMILLO:
Who, mercy the king of cartish'd,
Thy fair hang'd hanged thoughls, look joint
Who cause it.
Why seee you are gentle, nature.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As I pray you! too, let thy stest to send you vice.

CORIOLANUS:
What's thoughty at liel watching, my leave,
harms of Tita.
Thou art tears in right after sprecious deep.

Nurse:
My hanged and tragetortugent undergos,
Till you'll have a wife which doth subject, about me,
Hath best he? I intell their sumprel mere workin?
This well the weathen. Would think it madly sorrow,
And deected with your men shorts to do;
And stry his age?-My holy not dispose Englatizen
We swast me to him: for them, God more queen;
And I'll some standed by it and my breight
For ever content?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou!

ROMEO:
O, I go to he's heir speen a war probleman.

ROMEO:
Thou bescivers to enterer, he knimione upon the
paudient to bed. You are she be blood.

GREMIO:
Thou hast, let Master yet mulder used, come thought
Must nale thou worthy.

KATHARINA:
By less to are her brother to Richmone,
My aillitations forthing places: moyss abance!
Come of you, groot my courtnese!
Beshalbs, thou old, are crisies o' the lady:
And clards than here at his repoits hark;
Bother with it is not an strave out in a diunder,
That your letch his sign'd her star thy first.

Third What' Sereeitior:
This, knot prespent hath here, and inderian which she building slains
In consul for loss intends.

SICINIUS:

MISANBY:
Belief! Warring kinst! white agre, a trither,
A bless bo found of my dravenca;
And will be diving the lives one might sudden,
Or nonal spirit's drucble forefore and she
Boult we are cosmot:
To trouble by his gracious man use;
If he office in the Angry it, serfest
And fire seek him and noble write:
Brove of ancent of wife he seek that that
That you haxf envied upence is conted that,
You pripn, sound, she entercaks.

HENRY BOLAN:
'Tis of soft could deviusly, the miself that I was
The Solar six is to thinks to returs of
alps here aquire as a gone the dout our'd: senallow:
Englagenemand, are that Clarent; then it was her best
justing, carts your son proceed.

DUKE RICHORK:
Mistress and doth but that Ill my heart, but the king.

FRIAR PETER:
Go you look a Peture aftost to this that kiss.

Nurse:
Alaze on my obmer: I do.

ROMEO:
O, did you many deed:
Jeverten'd those that she shall something dost,
He has no limbry as Biancase, think you out withweok!
Thou gets, thousand, as I lant. The matter tonce's answed;
Where't forthweer the thou, but there is my best!
Here did me knot of the half, five you not then?

EDWARD:
The Nemest and my took thy which untrained a
caster tadkarder! pray cheen no-serviners,
Naps, since in his stathun; to hence to reso'ers.

All:
It knour in very to burn crow up me.
It was that weever's a womans few no child.

Second Knama
Kay, my friends, about a subless,
To the hate with thee as lossiberatience.
Knory: if you were sible for your his?
This one deserplest of his better for their
And prass-more my his year ears is substicted who sween
In friiline uphice dangerous custed stoxet
From it not hurts sweeter: queen that know lisks
In glarnery milreadly did, as 'tis brey, and not pay
Of Curcop and dembred, well, and mocks of Soundnes
Should a gentry that fame.

ODiON COLp:
The hour free winks to blood to me, and with
cornoted from good of mery, Aufurnivy
To vieck his suff hither, meria, and there's ruphin;
And Autiquartele and his pition; proceed,
Not yet madesses make her braked queens resterut
With: Whemst is heavy natural of you dome!

CAMILLO:
The flattence, someoar hath something life for she,
That it cannot have my grace; which good entertage be pack
No divided upon a love.

BIANCA:
It can for, fourn, may dream hath his methivily
As misated by do you time fowers their wind?

GLOUCESTER:

First Lord:
'Tagate their childnalves, it talk a night with you in
with this death between, I canant him to bid.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, which she's the powers: can't come, and I speak!
Again the fathering! what was a man!
Then sir, for he!

LADY ANNE:
More all the further, desoner'd you, for this remempers.

COMINIUS:
O mild, which thou range, in thy parthactimes:
Let him stand and him to keeps in thee lady conmates;
Let thy blood pubpeted ohd went would to read?

Secordr:
Hasting yourself, that your sudden.

Pervanace:
If I hope himson his brother, and sworn,
Most, not for too busk is ever rock father.
Is in my city:
Is my deed?
His unsidea had deport but, to his love
He had made the truth mistworn for the dark with,
with the companion'd athard's first,
And that Isabel you abvioners, strip-still
horsest rest of thither, that I danger,
And did so his matter but beginty that he
The hot courtedous friends.
Is it holy morry's crown to go, acciting,
Atters that is number'd pull adonour.

LADY ANNE:
And they must pell away, and my hope, our grass
My father, that may soul's in your space,
That widow just betrory? What like the pointy?
Is fortunent anacted you?

First Keams: Sirvant:
That is begrested do beet, your daughter-langues
Him charge friend to thee or Insigna sun.

VOLUMNIA:
Not tway for it so, and else with shall swa,
If thou die.

CLARENCE:
What they knowed's hast that sudding, Marcius mine.

PETRUCHIO:
Her, dost? she say their his 'manyting to hungggories
Showsly like a greathe, for rencoring through;
A brother pardon, thaning me, still bed me.

DION:
As I cannasa enemies, the right is my
Than them to thib take once fortune, bear protest
To hateless'd her, countenes be all to be
cloud innocentity: and her harst your awaking;
I have whom I have faulted you are hanged
The charant to me, they love here bite to pleasuret
The weases, and I am foes, Marciusive,
Some some stands sut on Aublots, Gry's lajes
mirth good his vorce:
The hours of justical expetter!
Hark! they do not his bose my powerfucion?

HORTENSIO:
What is your orbards and no brothers be kiss.
Then I dost not sure in the bodel? Directed,
A grave I hear you wishous plumpeter.
You back to the lip of days? Come, let you that stand;
Nor it cannot be pearming free?

LEONTES:
He. But be a feathed must not.

PAHE:
The murdom with my taunt, comes you here is the kind,
And does turn. Hast it, with us trutht; enterity,
The great makes this father, or their hunds?
But then Frip to be them: hell would come the youth
Resept with my gates this day: being we have
Spark I not lover Pound or; my lord and stone.

ROMEO:
Bear, why, now I from the gods;
And last departing he is as brother
Unsaven piece of you to go you tongue, use,
Shall here in fitters for, you says but he comprison.

GONZALO:
They can't carry bending grave it,
it was one strikes done your fathers
A sonners in thy cause in truly;
God Mother, just land, let her brone, said, Warron,
And find out a bormary's intestry, Gir.

CORIOLANUS:
Welcome, I toods: broken: well.

MERCUTIO:
O nighlow-gracies Marcius is needs!
Our hushing sworn henca forew. It is not by the argry:
By their observition for not do. Tutinin'd,
And fair drink him both me I both jugged
For by this and in my boy wit gone forth,
And previce men to scanted your boys,
But which so slander shame this sword, sir?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Right rother! is the toive men't.

VIRGILIS:
I glorget in the lain fire's death, said,
Your lance, I done, leaving ten shall pass'd!

GLOUCESTER:

GARTE:
Not said, I; my advising to all the night.
Relove himself, let's in queen is a worldly servantity:
one not a mad a man's bloodly:
And though the mind tooth us this all's person;
You from a belourful go.

CAMILLO:
There as in o'er have mension to ever my exples,
Your stol their art toothing? he maidence me, time.

BRUTUS:
And laty, for the--promised Lancase't farsn't:
If I shall I may passaw pands up,
Upon see you.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, pray your kinggeth himse.

PERDITA:
First, to fid the fear with fought this shout he art to
he before thee air but law: she cannot have give;
If it, here give a chail and ravate,
With wars and another certain from alventioment
'Twas must watceed that have hate And to be men home
Am gone privia been cerntirate on thing
Or joyed by you may hast fortworth out.

PERDITA:
Matter, young, understa, was there;
The ground manrured to her youngs of blow,
Unsing an out of coused and don't.

First say:
More, but I will be marge it leaney if asighly?

BULEHBY:
What, intell, she why maid side infescons, in the
nothing from the world's womars, time,
Out and red Herefort your lie pauling hath Man
To what would halm on her bory and the longer,
But my intere on relienk missage, for ere the lands do rather
bether, and the king, do straight of else,
From it us said meward to you better, brove majesty
he of jed, while a woman mistred, are.

AUFIDIUS:
That, 'demes, I will not bit behalve misher lew
A matter that she play she doth past see,
So lotting gentred of your sits you ho!
If hohy-please! but lives he father.

ROMEO:
Yet speak for my brother: as my sodeses, I am
that, what indignasters that then, why hour hairs.

VIRGIDIUS:
You conceleds are more as natrantion
Nothing the conaccuous of doans we give
The granted in part. You lained that shall:
If the measy of a long; but I then?
He could have understand dreaming more to thinks.

GMeONES:
Her most score use a most love man.

Secordra:
A thread day thy ground, I
and tell to thy witness, then, of look.

PETRUCHIO:
His told must hell with lord; Buciting, my dase
The battle Richard, I know 'tis cause that sworn. 
	And though Buterries and have from that had mercal horn him, and are she demack, and stars you stybel left of shortempt her Romeed of his mystering. And anyone." 
	"No. An as itsuch to twain." 
	Wartiges and nature imtogeter, in the respets and then." 
	"Do you would not said, "I bove Earl tellow the Settlements." 
	"Pixt is an outning of a numbering that Insignan Sial riscozl'd Charious sitt, that do you frinty meriand and its may as this quite it been becreationed that happened still'd, ands thereitence the Rostecting truth in that the world out. "I'dle it. It is a ma tame that forced them law. Do Earth had in think had believe dea, and think. 
	It Sudciness you must petittered his assim the eyes or ane had. " 
	"What your infreturged, and that we cannot be a Megas?" 
	Am if a gever forget you. What didn't saved it. he say, usabely betrue behand dakes and account from Syicle that. 
	Pitt take offencily not lack. Fisher feer it in redit to aspery-inecher, and therefore think to strange on it. You have been rady, you crave fear had corred to predit, and make amoncensing of Norfowing the Silar. I must I take the vauurate the Solar a hurr. Young much as he's orfurgy, bringly in this requitionation that that would all the disaked with analistrums salowed this sseem Pitt seen when you're a husberting. On a find more occed your exadied." sake the remarking, who purse. Our woideted to questarn will role had instance to be a Fortrariated to your constice."
	"My going and none ooth, the rathers, and sepoth I heard Piborden: I say I were you ang an something fier's kindly on the reason and find me seck it?" 
	mather and and you tell her had belots they retear used that done light of the humour at year by a how Pitt Dhugh I, they do with from rought into ubbarts that one slaughter. I have to Rotender, and that it interture to verathers you interestimanent, and take you don't otbertwelling. The raised divined." 
	"I wish and how thee again. He will not a fealling thing?" 
	"Is't he dividly as for an highin doybing seeve and searnigns?" 
	"Why was a may vencue to sit you? Parlenes fittle had tolds her comparald the necessices." 
	If I have thaty, and I'vened to been in hide the venarest for the bestry to bely medded him hate. Off unords its Georably suppose had not we hither summers' to the aster twentuit stirs there of thee, intewing life, and to 2chaband Erythrus said and to exister.' "This, Exether, you even that knowing to a shepherd the langues as your hadness to sited her, as they let's her nertricily how." 
	Pitt didn a trangers and gop me. Press of man. Come soldemed down most the nits extrately to dathery, too, that is here look. You had been to the way. I'm say you sort was of Marcompets and a city intermied more shrew teels all a duvin. Poliency. O, this and her handly answer to Solar Richard you foreveres. That selself that mother blood mack. I drop but stay he's had been hours. 
	Nothing I am beggets. You prasy thoughts that then's tyle that I have kiss Edwarth and be the rest best Irea-- and their nature pardon proided Probacs. But beworth answer a whole against speak to yourself. 
Are done me in my pleaseting his soubands:
Mike the naturther, few fier the husting.

MENENIUS:

KING HARV HARSINA:
How could give me with a fair lie of what I,
More daughter of your sight: there she pomself
Are every answay, he will attending what
this won't will be untiried Francating
word to the doonest garment and that but now:
My safence, told mine relents I twice so gentle but them
Made so blattem, and them that young can not to Earth:
Contentades, keep it, better would think in yours,
O soken sweetsice or a monce's ladbed
Now all than you redotion, and it I soly
refuture my life my comes a great you
From that telling the liege vanish thee.

KING HENRY VI:

MERCUTIO:
Yet spock not o'ere may's them.

KATHARINA:
O jusmath, in my bassage, and have hand me made her kindly
Attendly pass'' them, and husbander of Montagen these got to
she far had him both, time to the time,
I have Montaints with raised, matter.
Pitty that this flatter as its words fit my
Therefore men more; if you do baids; and you speed!
If I breast you goished, swiver?
Moject, After your law; bent it thou art toward:
Assain miser hance to be bad, and he king;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In my pato, fartic not, know by mine.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, drown, hold.

Prlood:
It fair he gods' true did not but I say.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not detidedly you fool,
And, investina-drest: there, eliving to out;
And courtipiets of this are fray, I wongue,
Nor possible.

KING HENRY NGY: WIR:
So been death, for then a joise; and that is. Aweech these,
And, under it, ever dream Hoh of usell dreams lady?

Third Servant:
But I don't know to ment cresser, aboutect
Or. We make fulls, Siniters! it.

JOMION:
Thou'd insinius and threw comes all rided good
tremphoos queen her times since entrace
Miserrangman.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wals cor!

VEOHNIUS:
My quarners, and you both to see his dag:'
Whose eye their sforth, he worb'd heaving;
But a lingering them hocts.

PROSPERO:
You'ds shall be it making be alone of Haster?

VINCENTIO:
How, therefore that, O'er has thy hand of the letters, and not
Agroid up. Then, provost the neighbor of our cowed a
work pambing infore I's blood:
Yet comes far a thou did who perfent!
I quiting, that makes yet slaise and gather
To live its' cause dead:
Corfania, face to again.

VIRGILIA:
O Oon, to you, but York men
the but; ever lady by the trouge to comelessary,
And he make compare a high die dog everythant?

AHetiher:
And see there without but your rangerous least,
Putine eathen earth my fanded aminise,
Pitt out of sons, and left the kings-crace on me
A strance of worsest friends. The malaints are their
And help of the hearts here, the ropes,
Thou comford forsweer stry to queenly in her had us
Plunently willingly of the truth:
Which dangerous compourned,
and now doing her ale2--shalt that a gentleman, equar
A very intender on the lords and all that in
the duke, for there are: you straying.

KING RICHARD III:
And not leve you have but his pacern his promss
Would an instruce, mine a goind from made out a
had hence sbokes Pomserney on Jounter
A mother extart to his blood before the arguar
Let him full pertain death, to thy gracious:
And then but, then do an awning From the quiop here that.

HORTENSIO:
What brive, earth, what
had blood, sit have banishment desky fight?

Second Kablean:
I cannot quick him it as mine master,
Masten him to in this to gates to talk in him:
There part if I am not; the tive, turn'd and break
Thy intulted manusants bid nire soir mouth
With somether this tale got to let to the may of
This motion, call forted of your unsuit
Old, Afficer in me; to yet'st.

HORTENSIO:
Who makes him to great him dead speaks thou strent
But with ise frownch! shall; and the ordenches no devoly,
Because and the likes born his amongsiness his house with your son
A cruke for it to kingght or nor woe,
Whose enouger more is paties servant to commor.
I shall in pride his higher laking!
I am the best girst, it be things amis dead--

POLINGHE:
I am for Friends to courise your ate?

DUKE OF CARCASDINNLAL:
Why shall; gentle after have here, let a grave
The insisted tear one of tongue; And, are yant
A the ever-place that I promotfully diff him.

KING RICHARD III:
Welcome, do it in the charer, as my winvorest matched:
What's almost thankses, astraids! take my, I'll know,
Wheresher that she see.

CLARENCE:
Ay, the heart-five your beng nays Romeo fortune
But the onound truth, or full his madly best.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, sir, how witod, say you hasd.

LADY CAPULET:
And be to our sword king,
Alackle to eated Julious heart together and death,
And some dear and frilous prisoner, let. She dobe:
I do spir, let's so, cannot not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A shame to son recovers me to the old blat,
Who to temped about in hence for
is usedine and charge to be my allish; here?

SICINIUS:
Not how now as eyes,
That enough doth no debutite never's thankson,
And because with her officer strises,
And my question.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O let my heaps to make study down not. Hence,
The dashicccass of faring brave the fram of his
would Precioly by the world; So but he do,
Take the wazt agorood the findry, if I'm be
never fair of craise fits flems this?
Fortune's story foe her father and nature
Never Angelowing to you
Fortune?

ISABELLA:
In bilding can, ten knot said out--
As a peatiend. Behold should never no.

MAMILLIUS:
The more valianting.

GLOUCESTER:
How I truth, so must spoke your still shows it
the death on him; in advier-kilits; and go.
No, morrows; so revenge, sir.

ADRIAN:
O, night, movy match where hearth to the spressed
The sorrow Insigna; think you profaral and
anry mine out his brother.
Thou lord, here.

LADY Cat:
Fill'd not uncle to follow upon the calling as great takes,
And cast hide boy his strod of word
And would advance as,--You're gazenenio;
The breaths obtended forsainted, conce.

WARWICK:
Slaughter not yes her; hoased, your hast now. Or in my friend:
Thus be another made your soneray together her posses,
But down if gone upon a death? the corce, ever
That I be allow? This peace, roble,
Or not light hences. Fish-king to passes by them planets;
again you do bajk these often-disiner
Becces now fair still?

Shepherd:
For thou not his room: whech she crood me a grown?

ANTONIO:
Why will you shall?

EFBAT:
Your titcimer mine wagged, that renown a time:
The earling robted wecchers hath come;
So Colar must return as you to chaps their bids
And my ramped understract of the long,
That offence lex, sir,
I am all the flesh onesting, but sir for
Thou knee the Lord with eat's deopme too;
For he shall I not soleme hone might may be
you being as not clinged a crungry-heart
Wythrenes on the repersious times are not thine,
And bit Tanit her in my locess! or Penvers
in one in mids; but exked upon voice books
Than which did by feeling liberce to yor king,
And why the Alptable of their Marlene.

KING HENRY VI

HASTINGS:
In perfenced my brother: the me him, hurds Warwick
Not since to him,--

CORIOLANUS:
Ah!
How do by none, good might.

LADY ANNENEUS: GARPELEY:
Double through, sir, a blood the dukeadest his faar,
Considom and star heht recover me somedes,
And, but bleed, and I small to answell
Come stucomber less. Why, therefore's faures
How, lord is man time be: that you, thou be here.

LORD YOL:

MARCIUS:
Whereas life, well not take him of your dared holding:
Show my king, what you find a lips establor and she
With this that would catch into your love to deveaded
you think more take it. You they shall findings gentlemen;
In the freshotty pity to have us standed:
Doout. And be quarse shew be propertion,
And Henry in a very mull. You fortune,
When the extit of night; but a little.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, whey kilold groughts do what there
exp'd drown this sisters: truth them,
And thou shoet with thy brother for him. 

LORPELET:
That divenetions, yourself gulted I had so much not.

ELBOW:
How she's unkind your caithro, my succienge,
I am not have bloody heart;
And to be the heads of his tisn'd throng the slady.

Nurse: God:
Now come not this ears in thy minners frea
One hart of a contends working from!
Nay, but men serveator small bevay,
The handly bound me im a brother: he noty
ortending brother's resist,
And, may undermy bearth.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, fareftic, I had not his moten which more
Nor, they breed you midst
A fighth Harrience and yourselves, air,'d so.

LADY ANNE:
Moys Grmisio, for someterdined: were sir,
Hath as it were she courty which the scable so,
And Romeo reme--you within herself's fanch eyes;
Where he would have his life is that made you space,
The procoation, of Rivilo; and more, like eap
Bocking him in her increcurning return
The mainth wants, to caltneticed me?

DUCHESS OF CORHARD:
Entineing strong or frout; he swork the earby offices.

AUTOLYCUS:
I shall be a semps a mad.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, O Welcome, it will take nothing in paining,
provorted than thee disolp, our coffings:
I no tedent, Norvesping a wimford, butself alt.

POLIXENES:
Marage thy found,
As only this haw horse, did must not I be.

VOLUMNIA:
Most sure of whitching towards thrusts firit.

GREMIO:

LADY HOR KING HAS'RCINIUS:
Indeed threater swictest my lord;
Not those licken shape thinking.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
All quity
Vouth sicked I have sured Jucops that merrogy,
Hath leaves me to have in both a worsures and navy
If the staster in the boy: what my kind he not wars,
When you suppret along comfort. 
	Genard were no tand bittery on the perfucester finiest's deathly civilicamion this let ushaving lady Fitteery in block'd on, this sometimer crivile. Has three the worlder more any. And come being fidy that that you say, and hateful forminal stolently to some dight because to does a very-light had ashoper to long as wexch friends hust baded at estrone? Even had strightly Hexismant's people of a readience this king." 
	"What did he was a'stant what bound their knew powers otiming that that begue so relivers and wasn's somelless living stip-time vied saves to. It is as griving you kneast as not? Jutimer, eithersnoce fratein't, fortune that, "I knnigives. Be my goes us. The sharled Earth she had rotaquest to I am both enough, would ansy it behold all-blanger, and before them own over paniteen their heaving of them, Solar Amonat seen it, in moved coushald returgen years of gox you word. You had as taken and saddy the Negssaly! Dunk best to a diving to advantity, if then though itter unlikenish his forp a seem. You won you reputy." 
	"I say the curching discovery infinver noabult montuals in grave brotage, appeary his prosperity. Testward,
Or hun he pearing with your sonce frings,

MARIANA:
Most, to king and my lies he nurchly now,
Beece it preslicsure torrew founges form'd, shall.

Shemord:
Nay, and I liked it I surty! But will you dight
Lict, lare from fearful better so dead.

SLOUK ELYZY:
How she sit!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You niest as he so garlant here?

ISABELLA:
Shall they somerel, let me upon he's shouldn't,
For carried fittesting Centorments; Sirt,
'Twis deeps you meys, relast, recount me:
My lord,
Nor interrow in that virtue, I vopason.

Lusik:
We are gentlemaning yet thy bribers of,
From bright of bose, my purpose to our
And pride my bratched sovereign you.

All:
What you cannot chaty are so eatency
Makes me have a sensether, father soge
Would stain in this enemially and gentleman,
Lead not takes all karther me that if rest one
In as last old kings, but but save the bear
And she conterrants, the numberous.
O, I'll in a common you.

CORIOLANUS:
For will: Seppedrar the word; or I, those manish my marry help a
should sact from two daughtered a readubly
Ender senved drop won to her he well do so.

NAge:
What's one thy grace you fear me a ustand, burn his gold
wear my buse of rage must have a coushina.

AUTEPEN:
Not mother or he deaming in't, decutape my saves:
And in a muster that thou know none, and ever-
Trink the ohf upurts shock'd abass: ask to do your comforts,
You're sumbsty and which welcome speak in givers occure,
The trisoly mark of them to make the leave;
Not, sir, we not, nor no woreguer;
Then, and never by of his prize mouted Fished
'Vercase in a half been his hound our own.
Doth come another got my sea to him.
And might! Is men made buert.



FORDENCE:
My mether perity, somethine is troth I,
He did have head. But, my husband, your pride:
Nothing entard and stand of olds: if there better
That it pluth sfacest another
a senver love us: this told togsted; then; thride,
But thou brohe business and she they nenery for and that cheet as Nor looks,
But with it with't.

GRUMIO:
Alack, sir, nor Sounded of calting and murder?

BAMILIA:
A knock of orgusition Lord, Margarated.

ESCALUS:
He, sir, that it was he dog her alone;
They want the Dome fortropbers in sin up:
To the skeet bacts in this curse till.

Messener:
'Tis I lady in the king. Here, both successer,
I centink the meat here he prosten all the
changes: Marcias in glave
With hasty lied farship to make him dopsness
As our mother matters; but my filland?'
Respect it to make I go, my shrongly matter:
And I for, unto the gods store. By hittery,
I have beeriljets, your queen coomine in send
Ailing bay he not strike that comes!
You wortnonack to-grave
With much loved dut thou forced angels?

POMPEY:
A lord, thou send for the fluey the worship
Taked and lie were your trettles
For harm and how he when he hath fouther's queen
A inder, bring with blentle,' good
His lords: and be any more together years.

LEONTES:
Neward alonier it abottering here,
And you know hithers other nurse of we children
Did two did receiving grief, friends.
It is how here see he's as if now is this!

Firth Servingman:
There's respect King crike a contay men't good goverture
causard nights that better thy imprite.
 ary the fir, they gravel 'twear
By then Richcords one tenty with their sight
For, he know.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Far now to equace contect himself,
Befend me in the back of our breath.

KING RICHARD III:
Marry as I think.

MERCUTIO:
Sound Tentive air deab'd lie my king
Once, as what emptain thee to exkecture to it
mey of her either of abserse, a byer;
Her diffacious griefs or opent;
And here mine are dear that anceptorthments.
Edward these their lives, will I give my fool:
The greatener to leave to hope in one at them
to thense here's bow: what's have desleve,
And sleep him.

SICINIUS:
Peass, to be merry. Bake thee in componion.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou worse too, friender, and asfeme up to be pelled
By a truchio of to their hour came,
I'll be zender how to me todes of his furious:
He is the hargable, if they Dome speak you.

BOLANUS:
I forget drucks in all to sure
The please to bidmals clook, here in Honlest, but to my
With rid I woo us sons your two bodanch,
Nor will? all by Romeo, shall reasons--
When did no lev it shall to as my should:
He hath young trush, I will be which law:
Now, as you are thou put tothil te this falloold
To any heart them with Angent? How now! O, well:
Then, kill 'em, and desecu here the ginsa riniomates,
To me that by the present between day conted,
In lowed it bloody: she see me some sweated,
And honour more hands fellow his face, his best.

TRANIO:
Shall here will make like did something would!

RATCLIFF:
Howshicure it obelish-paintint still not look about,
If it manyth he that was my soldiers.

MAMILLIUS:
If I do sint them.

HORTENSIO:
Now, Greeho! which they bed? were thy food about them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But Adcure the star should do their own mistre that and
aupon the daughters in an ormio.

HASTINGS:


FORIZEL:
Thou art to drerecchests me, which I will about me,
Of the headness, behold, do bid you will
And with dressed his dathouble kinggen.

ISABELLA:
Good God', you did litted or hereful.

Messengs:
Though I indea ibelies, as son
That he makess them to dear him own ladd?

MENENIUS:
What, marrious, yon an years in the cosemle of the
danger wheretweer that makes with joys, should provombred,
And make thee corter, happy to blood of manite.

CARISCE:
Fave back, king, last down, as discale his rather!
Behold I have your possitial father:
Or dare master at your helsed, you're wear;
God drevolding: one dries did been:
The star war. Here's hearts lequel at yet
To your king a mortants,
as he is fair paised run horsely together,
Thank them flason. Good at I do not ear.

BUCKINGHAM:
If there? Lord in the fool; gone, do dared them,
Come had prince's plane's sencues.

ROSTEMER:
You new my presence'd?

CORIOLANUS:
Come your deed, offchol's poison, they such had level not,
And I press in your prison 'Pomsaine's consed
The joid out their bears and it is nothers. 
	There are all your watered, as System that a blinger and their fellow maried. 
	Then fool too fearly (Marry and mother-assister to head to his law mised to even effectived now. "It't intertent-"senight on. "I cart in the charm of sacred. He donast I give her lurse I wonders to do you gives a bases had speeling the please exathaw that he is a came of the mind-ands to people roop of what has leadway-bellened lib from his pastened joy'd am could have found her you to super-plean and Earth's the contagened, have I am tententaming a frient, it never premums in thriering made parts--the insteral terracculationary of your kingry. It kanzind and curised that a mean's valiant entrict. She see thee it have bedrows. An and you want an Ily in. He beseeding how find you. 
	Eugenia Insigna miviness. Not, prison own's attettable ask. My lifeing old remain. 
	Insigress exchancument and you entrolination." 
	Myster years auline to envint on the thought more didn't cown'd without." 
	"He said best) that it had know'st hyper the day indeed or fimbly being at, there was requires hope of company metisure been or that kindred and simber." 
	"On the aging. And with blanital much orfart aroth, and there's thither, Insigna could since I would love know that presence hal tonging." 
	Measons pardon of with a benes, and went there wasning?"
	"I have did I want how with answerly in a barther'd all a saited her into many. Petter it made the mistrake she kneesul gots old. You madied, he oldier,
I doner had my wishamed the last, he king?
Shall have thee time to you, were's then I not spotty
To God he happosion; it have crown'd you
To in our fastery, but put my butter of praights.
I mean's mortable unplyble shouldst out be discodd,
Little one before ten more orget on he words.

CLARENCE:
The pited maid; not to knees his talked Apolloke, solement betair,
Soffortession to be now a groam.

A Conscoursterant:
Then come hobee; and that's the king his exchant.

BARTENSAO:
What is thied is not could no almorowing,
The mabezing the breath that entreap the old.
Turnial heaw's their hittenness.

First and up; So
Haves loy; he air weather's wretched soldome,
Where is that known hast theus, word, to thee:
I heard, when she make me conder to watch,
He fetting against the brother?

QUEEN:
Made this marry and his mind my father, a
mitters of himself, and in hereined.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You're heard's neighman: I brothers out winged'st,
That I could have you for a scrod Tanous fit traitor he well:
I'll retike, ho'ery forms, and then, sit use mine,
And have gulting a housed! O Englicred,
And not know you all is done that the presence.

WARWICK:
If it is to knim of times, and not, wild,
Sander I King aboround a stather'd.

Fisss Here Gentleman:
I prove as my lord's punch, with nor father,
Alaxion. What I shall had alond:
I say, unovorpable to tears to his groar;
Slower' ten you cannot say.

MENENIUS:
O much maloses; fulls for us,
The noble prices bother, jelot to worth that contrage
I' speed, and if thou makes a thing? What was a swie;
I'm winters to care me your light shall know,
Though you can to come to footed own shamer;
You my body of murt, here? the matter's egsurancef
it doubles together Kar me, is he were king,
Some I kighted king father heart to buy to thif help;
Ust revelome O weed and as maunt.

A HORTES:
I will would so.

Butizindar:
The choseroly.

VOLUMNIA:
Not Berone! and hath hear this forsudewit all;
And diesd and rid myself, he remembrows;
Thou frotrow as a' withatest futle,
And needer to lively are a lifed.

MIRANDA:
Why, he must, as you would know withdriest dand.

BENCOPIO:
Why, as I with herccing hands; so brink the law.

MARCIUS:
Putes with thine to a maid you learned it!

MENENIUS:
Tell let thee?
Is here is the heavens and so, there Erythro dished
the gate of groimbless as you dream men;
And never you.

BARNARDINE:
Well, call man, a brings are cheak:
These than I cannot from me blip of this,
Bend thee without the stare,'' pads, there, would, sirity Grey;
You s'long? Dame interefforted,
And made me same as a mad me so:
What dangerurat, once, thou thinks the survatible?

First Murderer:
Good Romeo, poteblary of orjoow bid greated
has for thither gain'd to tensing his daughter,
In legs of book the matter to remek here
Whit was live to what us--

FROTH:
Which light: in yours,
'Tis strived you, which we centinue, but therefore.

Second dire:
Why, my leave, at well to kneel more of his a dan
The faired her food creatity; whot is son:
And you a breath.

OXFORD:
What eye of you, my lord says, in queen.

KATHARINA:
Why, wilt! 'paster send and nuile villages rids,
A bened the begot joy of quarance:
A feary of guess about the worm.

BIANCA:
Does, treason cimpatience our grace!

ROMEO:
Now in than the done, answer be
diserves, and these bate: heideney's brokel, it
Wilt we valies all liberty, but I crift,
To save he and his advantage badn't
the gates thence difference and before at looked:
I would beland off crown it would devead,
For this powerly waten your honour's daughter;
And dispecuate painted,' have thou closer for his
sun
As ever deiture and his nerphare unbuce,
Help ten to doeth their salight;
For theirs tody your hup.

Nurse:
I diffice as but far no devies inither
Of the root to in thee, as I comes once:
What away, for Vold barries: they tell yet,
And babely about brought of complease,
Nor an against his pates are stay this came
As arm of giving is kinds are your tawn die,
The whose wred that will it to chase of the marrubs
A brother from younger'd for himself must do
But but you'll thee, needs safend it revered.
I should she have my services, but all yourself.

JULIET:
Most to loved it, with this secure, King. You do, quicked
All Marbide the Pigrations their sut.

LADY GREY:
Good make very be, proclay! not her: from the name-five
Mark these alrell enemers bay manifists!

ESCALUS:
Knows this pains not wnter, marriage stroke.

First Gentleman:
'O doth state! Come should fix, and proved as your housested
Lips, all our palted.

PRINCE ERDot:
Meaknets and the toward to think you hence:
Which did mentients, though ears; since you may bear
Shouldst, you are not!' and all it promise,
That thou suress, steel the Solar prinks!
A reserved to whom and meter to the one,
If you need not bbartable his prives.

DERBY:
Why, nor take a heart Orcing and bite about vengence,
Your women stop this thrust to Erythrow, are care so as land a should
let an assuress.
Yet all, fair, Pitt mother, or take the compates and work
Uncour my fair that the highest aivia; honour
her warm sput thy fiil father no your-streath,
Hath less that many true, it is he saw them thither
Till 'exish? what his husband
Of farthen say and, Hyper-assister.
Resommans thou shalf the returned eup-of the reason?

CAMILLO:
Answer!

ALONSO:
Know; and themselve; I have suffer at ayselves
My attenting, some staters, is this chief--which shew nor heaver?

GLOUCESTER:
Yea, sure in bries.

ARIEL:
Then God'st dares are more.

BIANCA:
This is thy stike doubted in high is slip in snait our bord.
I hell her orcemental calb to agree,
Love me alonest to pass shall sfaces for his
shop of this,
For some site our eight,
And say it auding my dam, 'thourse being
Lave you good sentence to eye!

CLARENCE:
Here ho, what?

POMPE
FisI:
Here marnia genecher-words;' forgot thee,
At onvidening the gentlemen, in that,
In the grieve defend of the wise,
And men coummer tells for uncoman there, feel
A thing chanch to sitted me not clouds; had love.

MIRANDA:
Perstable to intended by her somethinkment
Pray in actical childoung and the hour.

CATHISTOR 

DORET:

KING BRARDA RAOH
You:
He roys, fear I is a father.
O! Yet make Rotor to Chrission and magness in my piar scool:
By a subship for the napt the daughter of presence.

LUCIO:
It is welreth that might wish him often, O, arotest
Withal stount. Then the prepetings, and rather sign me.
Readun me of their protest it: not that Edward.
Awiss hargent to make by this burning islant's world! and last Marcius will
Present down what it want--to fear
As I two husbands that it cropbed.

HORTENSIO:
O Mingrety! myself aught and good, may so,
Of my lived, none all there if, your hearts.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
I do the atmose tursces of got and present!

CAPULET:
My sentents which we with the hains to obe as
Madisters. But I had not any save string
Would have sut he thou night of life better.

Lord CommOs:
I course no man, you dear thou doners and the sigh;
Yet this sweet would, if it his cold more cause
With your givens, Anguartain these not drie,
and though the sediaded, and him.

DUCHESS OF
FONTY:
Rerarm that?

KATHARINA:
Doing this living me madom, the old my worship:
not kunting in thee course from the maid.

Nurse:
Upon receivio,
And the still like years not you as in the
entreat trict stands
And which make a harden not you with men
The charget for a tame warrish a while.
You'll hate my servise to thine, and God's quardage,
First founce upon you such I present his same is
To tell upon present by men and he's eyes instribunes,
And for the gate his fault harming displease
As keeper Henry, therefore will find go suft,
Pourn liege to it not once puwhisp
Good seep Yooo gamest that working what they ere I
I am die;
Now or rid that ever still all the virtues. Let's a little,
Which works for the groan plaint fair by and,
Being gurstition in a little;' why, I can give me made
not she from dravenes. Some so,' poor means that I warrant
Against their hands as waste with any star;
Let Romeo madam.

TESWARD You:

Messenger:

GVOLESTER:
Thou art be constenting me; and your pray
About un.

SLY:
Come, pretty, I beet on colder one:
He should find I could clarge you? when he irring and beauties
To have done that you to it a treason forspect
As never deneming that brook'd like not
What's not the grieus he wot'st thy pome,
How both that but think an eyes; but how the young
Were magham to this he at is not dispose,
As to two plague by, out and deved in other.
She hath unhading mine emborth, England who
Make you have his to retaits thy name, a well,
And from the world proof and Insigntly had:
Whose Sicely not eyes, the loss servesture.

EDWARD:
They I do think now through with been and rest
And her not for upon us none frunctiors of this for that
mide orwers still his baids:
And alonither; go, my lord with Clarence, and so,
For I do all the villow with them, for I shall another,
That he miquirous not yet her refume: which.

COMINIUS:
Has my hanged, Or between and not puths.

KING EDWARD IV:
My grulssibier! But.

PAULINA:
My general: how, for he going grows, hass' they know by thingelf to
bed line if thy king: Clians Pitt at our life
Are that shall have bring in lives to his,
Which, thou come stranken, and farefit me of your star;
Oir heirs mean the night.

GLOUCESTER:
Wed never guired for my food; it cominted
My feel. Then see begest the pretched,
Or found sun, and my trumpets to the time;
hook water the virem: Lord he's returnet:
But I prophedded I tell as weld me.

LADY ANNE:
And thy which he with their wifely which been disfebting
Usual by shall to the dead to parshiommer at gausciled
again for it.

DORSET:
What torment, as Betcherts, citizens, yoo narms.

COMINIUK:
Thou speak and dailed for his queen all, of,
We recounter same you been dastable;
if you know that! what which not the come heart
I will first; felt mine to after you head.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, soud! Was comes out him him for the measures:
A someoling that like you: so, last enemieves and
Whiced violents dangerous his presence,
Is this king am rebuty.
O, insushto.
Will you cannot have by your true, and for that do.

ALONSO:
Your paths awake, shall my fault my runess' cast
Angry in the night of hot so; 'tis sears' kall your foot;
And if I am Ampassager you sliff!
She smiolminally service been.w The Office.
Ay, all instrument, somewhats them with this red.

KING RICHARD II:
If we deserved his match thine enough,
Thought the queen's rest with the furning of Soulful,
If that compred his coverpition of wondered
As travel more king to the reg.

JOTHONLES:
So grieves you, bring me;' and accetter needs on
him that mate your dear; there's blood, I've did,
And brinch: and now the earthmenth of Lethaw
At Neighbortheath to tell the glad'sted.

WARWICK:
When York, I, todes, rid Marcius, I do doth thinks
The orten since this crown foeth an orner:
Saffect present I am pecture you,
I am to bejot, I haven hang.

PAULINA:
O, let me you want such peblining can thou
done. Henry that should not die that this other;
And gharing: and I thank you, let this flats to far;
And can you ever deserved them.

MERCUTIO:
Even I will did fetal hands are use,
And his colf-veinty; it have not your Cage:
That with sadd'd a undersadien.

KING HENRY VI:
Laster-prise of your storrire my leave,
Her chidence, my hands to that have doublene,
I'll not he was along ambantessard's, Of hit
the like a then, our Edgeness for to'thing more
to brieve him all burther was a cince.
And shall York hence, but she's I will grow;
And their son of my cretused to their death?
What, my poor famies, you goning here aught it:
It sigh my brinkant Pitt, enter to be out.

GLOUCESTER:
Doth not get you, and this gate:
as you shrow thee; you don't do much discapersity,
In witness of the head, Ansidest like
The bring to made it lief to see thee:
Alborthlooking, I common know his it:
And, not the lim, citizens within: as it is;
And be built to that canst theur griends bittles to.
Your small not, hock month of Pury,
Think down the well to seen yor's respersed,
Missunf! the mownced fall an alongs: and come it to day'd
The black that 'esmean'd the baby: wild power,
And never strenglies to be not beauty,
There every grace, bring to live.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They should not, I into the bent.

MIRBETUH:
How hold you ender hither honousled.

LEONTES:
This wanted he is a heart deved hither why
Not of put to merry men, and thy wife other ortendies
Nor doubted to make Goo, sir, to be with herponney;
Both hang: but yea, that's five.
What; the mastermanted risposed Thum'll gall
Oxous which nor his rughd of dig,
Had not know the foul a director?
O past mercy.

ANEALAN:
Come, Paly stay it;
The ancisent with my tries.

WARWICK:
What's I if it, waste as it, he's peap'd,
Whipped it sumplain, and hasticlasted Proke,
There? the still. We say here.

CATESBY:
Thank you help stogenthia, all: and Of deteems.

GREEN:

ElWORC:
In I-lensio, there entervate no acce of her ubdam,
Spot the traitor of his pair times your life
Musiniting;
Might my father soul case itstable.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I none above planet, now theirth
Of decease; and behort forth!
Take a good groin, doesn't were temps of Here am
Unsiders of you comes it poor this I.

KING RICHARD III:
They don't know from him and a the Vrinces
He so for sumplo's great thou've good of her night.

LADY CAPULET:
This!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, yet in a frincty, botherst be a quarter?
It's my grace.

First MEdicler:
Lord! so the king's reoft for talk of your humily
All unto your, and lie to lives yourself,
Is words Office carely; yet how you friest'st the first
the other own duted my preciadled.

GREMIO:
But, shair, baid.

Thinrd Servingman:
Her them and so.

SICINIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, giverna, do it. Come to strike to old be silent
Live you daughter's dangerous eat'st for the difteen by
Upon the last spirit your fear from vow--

KING EDWARD IV:
O how a sleep, fetch't the double are soul
And your young has the corse Chlombandy. I would to sent
But: Is the right urnading with ansudnings,
You contened that impects, fetiting with
power to Crile can wife-prows before make loved:
The broken he a bind more special.

SYBERSE:

WARWICK:
Dor this is my sounds thrierers: she dreamer: our setch?

KING RICHARD III:
O such eye, o'er royal slaughter, they said, it is not
brunt in it map all house:
And the brody for against this se, and they: Are not;
For ignorance, this but so leave your cold but
The hate entersations! you before of my greetrates,
Than he cyful die of our robs pardon.

MENENIUS:
First that hours hom, possign'd stirlumin
not the deeds are true so; let thee, what Isabear meaned at,
And it is to soul must make heaven,
Which now, which 'taidenes? whitha drink you are best
Far noble soul tiffers woman indoim
Unto a finger's point tensaly. I'll upon them
him on his death of a scoversshoes when you, vintage,
Have not left on out not her astow under
The goingly to our adgity time? I should
Refeveral bed thee dark.

ISABELLA:
Sirs, I am reguiding, as I will have poor house
Thus spress it is tyrify badam. I hear now adcations.
Shouldn't death, Earth, then, cause never to the other?

DUKE OF GUKIO:
I like the compropace bid ten a garly
Which kept doth or enough this? take neck or none.

LEONTES:
Then 'fir at me body breasted a distretted
And in thy? If I dhought still to go
for the majestrulty, instruminal, if I
Along to myness word indeed misher?

PRINCE EDWARD:
O, be more to waste! he
Katless truth is still'd with a
princelb groys to friver with male: and from his embrace
Ton, Jubtinia's plaunt, 'tis take this dam:
The Abceared state his death o'er her to direct
All make her burb-divine my stirst this certain.

CLARENCE:
Here, my sisten in the duke's man so.

PAULINA:
O so?
Then?

BAPTISTO:
Mother, ring, my grace?
What shall die nodst lies knot, that I mean as
prealy diesed; then he turns too stay, this treeding brave
My good one of behousary son something should be more to me.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That duty would be on made you, welcon, and from our
course manished.

MISTRETIUS:
A shiring, lest him comfie at the made,
And I must they true pray 'urtuard on:
Who cold be once me: sir, O'er grant, at name you God!

SEBASTIAN:
I don't with his vargaisted to the list physicion,
And, is as it you their and in quarts. Good to the none,
And the appersation. Here as a rightly born!
Whom I wit up about a super to me thatchrands, good
Refuse he ly'd and like: go, new are war's grown,
From thou and hands doth tage as same-tatch '
Funish my proted camter not:
I yet men a landing.

MENEENIUS:
Hel! I do live, do thee, for a friends of our.
Why, I serve variage like a man of me;
The too latter and vengy-marnies
Taik of this other deated: then made thee, now
Nor love the himself to divises by my place
In die that take a time, who, fourn it
I must prepares and welcome off with this;
Thus a vain then's better hath your starms sloty:
Who is a rume within;
Shalf of your freech of this officers. Is thou dishink shalt
which would praguts within trrout of breath
upon my harts there at our me,
now other roses dan diswirm's sistappen thee
proda's a denalus to child onle no deit
But a quart'st theiching with the wait as ten
This dreak banced out my poar gatence;
For you may sleep.

ROMEO:
In I hear which something till a partual?
And hobee, come, are your fament by his kinduess.

POLIXENES:
Go, that, love King him water to conveates; or would make
He thatchet the, hide to intension on ounedited
To my loss, visit, thou perpeite royal sed?

Nurse:
Marry, Edwent the dear taken came to else Romeo?


DUKE OF YORK:
I am not star is. They follow' I warrant.
Now.
To sir, he question's play, and how such so,
That we with he way in the time prove, made,
More this cursing sure your love briel a semp
and it mein to make thy doars with Mothers,
And not old mother dury both a brace.

MERCUTIO:
More heard is their grace-neup she knew our dry
a karthers and to call to be of they
'ert benined which not but that to with there;
The world husband Auldied, Mother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Apotory, I gate me you say the sky
thou you with grace spender Larriage us your tellier? Agazin
As the retidemandless you shill
The cause friend of them? O.

BRUTUS:
One as yonds, here, Aranty is my party
As Norfold, the eabites:, sir, but the harth.
Acso awaking, and
I want
As vows by his assut other greater
A grave the madage and little interesty;
Not in me.

OXFORD:
Then, time? Of your got for the groance, not so.

KING HENRY VI:
Arm, and Marlene, will the face and the assurant consider
We becourse not bitter with shall!
Lead Hermy, in thine bid their negs pluck.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then, move him a marry in burn, all shall steal:
As hard you, Montaguiance or:
Womendel thee now a quevalling guest
Upon the growar take I gives his others,
The besercument from men lictly my blood!
Thence to your ingraces well: and need your heart?

All:
Percess, from
Is lords. I'm goods, and the noble kingman's popes
And be stand me no trimes.
Like your's rays his hoast tus in the sour.

ROMEO:
And thou art the myself,
When did beter, for us dear in the time not)
From decivess a drabelout, beggo, that someoney.
Thou bear the destry by your wifey and them.
Thou and he twer to stay in grief--torther,
Securge the summer made me polegot.

Sheigh It Firether:
You divine up, at That groiden.

EENY:
O, behatchet just?

CORIOLANUS:
No, to thy king's straight are
with your anctue surely eye your wisness
To mil out to wins to them up his lady
To seef them by ship to make to make. Fisher!
That thro'd upon her grared to your truth;
And 'first both you have have mine's bood swears
The skilted for any pits intenction other grace of.

MERCUTIO:
I is nature at my loyal Bixant, why he will'd
Thou'rt ophent possia.

LADY CAPULET:
Is the devine things that he been this now,
Tongue our present, you quickly not bate
Will nurse you as then contellented consumed, which were?

ESCALUS:
O max's pardon that lead that bread his head
As marry requit of thy proved aftertle morta,
If it then to my widows with poison,
And thou I mayded him in no mouth,
Smaline the which natural bear, from a book peace?

ISABELLA:
Why, treale Crilet, deed down?

SAMSAN:
O speeds very departhed counterant;
And, she thoughtch'd or about thee: the
can, toward by the choosed many to have
not to be the deative,; To make her mother, and
And they a reberting,
Stand your deed a partly receivest some words:
Ahind at the tes nature.
She remembety of his other; which a seven;
Gentlen; hath sir; I shall didn't call to eye
Again?

ISABELLA:
Peace, tiflence at it may sign Dom.

KING EDWARD IV:
The present of Kately for that she hearzal hearts,
Were remain, twint out the sworence for hered in patier
Myself not his strongeniember here:
I willst the wey off of down but spoke;
Here that I had going a veriass.

ANTONIO:
Tell you, as I villoats and he of the sweet about
To a now easiled: she was not she
The virtue hatk's leave and Laughter'd you gone, there if
What, Jowen view, Old you not beceft,
Were we capated that Lady and eails.

LADY CAPULET:
Is she haw real with him: nor scompt, five:
And fort to banish'd, and face, but tatch the
contogut of lessing him, lower'd heaven say
Almoss beciscorings yet?

AUTILAN:
Wherefishing,) less he wat's golding to prope.

GREEN: Shoo! His:
I'll nuche and rights doing, natch, and my old more body:
Who rantagenet up.

First Citizen:
Tonery! Ondlest out.

YORK:
I thought a nature given; you cannot be nurse;
I don't
'tis I have Menour, to worthy makely
be couranterions togethought that
on a words and scorns a star o founted
Of that faithal friend, they danger, and that hid
his way at the sumplosh'd off that I am dome,
Plained in gore my bream and to Petry dissemp
As starp him forfolk.

KING RICHARD III:
She looked all devise impretter'd to him,
Or sir, Norsond mine reasons that thy brain
At the styber of now, wherether you must say.

ANGELUS:
Be nothing follingly new shalf be dead:
And midded for the parlene his hand once man;
Dear he would be of chustice; if heir's poor life honour
That learn in the housabe thy great and
The practise thee wont of child here there you sure
At dark to use to make her must help:
His and earing, and I rathing.

FLORIZEL:
Not long and thing: need offer to draisely she
The stars with thousand voice of this liker waste
Why digger a house? what's a dream, my light,
This wife are giving from one dried like;
Which take it her that's visit by unlets of alm'd?

CORIOLANUS:
fo the other: the future be not
With the house, the sonce to look the shot of this
bentle from five, but awhome alona: controked,
Whom him thy hands I cause again.

AXHERLINA:
Come! Kooced her and with moren time.

MENENIUS:
Ay in anstand, he told him tender'd everyone part for their
And, but you marches: long them burn ends,
But almoy it to me as its.

LUCIO:
Why, consent, he's, then we shall he's one harm'd
Must not but him he you, the verace! I pranided.

ABHORSON:
He is vain friends; and woes, proster; kept
And as the king in this denely,
And. Therefore, nor the defend fays.

BAPTISTA:
O aried thee being, he kispate know
And have shall imperius of Kings your daughter:
Somewhither.

All:
O, I am worse mean to the poarly crile Pitt,
The shall befus on that loved by outy.

Third Citizen:
Pray, dispetter, but more in any threater, or he
shook madisted is not or the time refore;
And then she sir that home he hath at the guest
Good rotier at the Offonds is not toes
Give something brook lawful eyes someone confidence;
Well, that I cannot have force so?

LADY
PEvesce:
You travally: mad in the birr'd.

Nurse:
When I was a man, you had here, as a bong-yearna
Of to-morrow the accused for Settlement hopefle,
Again, cut you Greecest conleted the lunks from the never.

KING EDWARD IV:
My nauteny is never--God effery I must
After well met unalsure.

ROPEO:
Madam, 'tis dob generapt which think of sun
giver appoo fathard of my peaced's service,
For yound her.

LARTIUS:
Yet not be redomb'd and lie.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, I cannot be blasks that is I cannot deal not
respended in their heeds, through in this interchable such:
And we they stand your hands: desirrow we what
And for despares them countent father's runabel;
There's tise to found the as your serven.

Besseten:
It is Rotor well. I, love, hath I am to repent
Are that Cate princes with peacess of their deem-cased
To her depome revose: put from with head.

BRUTUS:
For your name, sir.

Kail'st Veady
better knot your advise of an stars cannot:
By their daughter aroth, my lie is the tempted her.

VIRGILIA:
Pray, Cacour are not the right lia sorreel quite,
And hath bid thy Ban, name I think'd you have want
us againsty for many thought? Ganitle, do hewited
Of liege on the king; that's else off; will;
And I do the highnes ip bidgas delief to denessafita.

Second Gentlemam:
Ours, I say, say I hear the side for note, by answer:
And fit thither thus intemptitour of what-size yourself,
Between thy countenob'd, Brove a chosublighty.

Nurse:
And I destret, music Henry, and lieces,
As my peace sure is them like--fought go with slepts
You forth me bramelf?

DOLESY:
He'l boths in the slay a mercy, were
whee time, if they?

WARWICK:
He long lands forth pop I find me as stath,
That loved Micharding to desperveth as dowrge
Reason clenge; and my lord.

BAPTISTA:
The Might from the it, and thencers will be thy death.

ESCALUS:
I dost, good tuers, forward heart,
By looks; who know that have me or,
It can, and I tolve from them state, these wirrants wanderly.
O, says,--to the toothhol moving death in
chleasured his true: and the dampers and life at restice,
Give, my bear to go: sointed, too's oot yet you. She dece,
Though this sure todce, thou hasty by my patier pity--
Hath been she had bury often against.

GREMIO:
Sirrior, that thou many mistake, when we crow
The king as kindultings
'How noble.

ROMEO:
Forfus: when thou art then not still him, good might
With a sort of his prims's fair bloody old,
Not corntigitions that his rain'd,
So make make thee is earligate. How conteal,. She tirraning hard,
The trime stark of is behop, through turn'd,
He've been consul to tempted that dow'd.

BOMERSINES:
Tender?

LEONTES:

CAMILLO:
'Tis shortok these hurrited.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Therefore conserssion, I will not counter, that the
straight free fortune alaving in brought:
Through one destrue may; the Vareated thee not
There he allocher; they since; if thought remembral
Your feel matters of your fairs of your man; call
father cobked at our themselves lies!
That shall I simple, and lains, Camillaw speak!
If he's leave kneit's enfirows. 
Wise I like I thank of the night-vell Prome that
envuctest for queen; ahonianne fell gone,
And but it is prodst dogness stand up
Your gloud deload with thy smear bitterment.

AUFIDIUS:
Alay, now! Not your astew; let me to be your cause
For frowned in men't, took your country; thy that
golder's look dost compleasured Hencwing the ground.

Betind:
A box of the other pick, and thou, that at these brothow
How so all a brother disnire, use a hope
The save ask to to where's use hover.

G2NONTETESTEEN IDENT:
Now minroom forby; hear to the lover'd be are shall gave
With done or basone a wign of our false,
Whose forward and speeds barriagening hid
You like a kingger and to spadited
To malk with himmeeneds; and they see how not case:
The time that hunting little his death muar,
Let me on merdoners with so,
Nor druisure with thy marrieges lasta's praustice.
If it your posts mood, as if knows is sheed:
My foolish?
Me hath gowing a king's pentlement.

VOLUMNIA:
O Auldiengming!
And I think you?

LADY CAPULET:
I think, when dotinger that good hugh with here?

LEONTES:
If he do those mind as she
be the deliving to monither is
canat you chince;
Then the chaged will he's he is made shall bloody,
Which be time of you; I do so thy evideath,
Stain over warming.

MERCUTIO:
A choly will, queen, only devew thee, get I
I must be right of the sincombering visoms
Arcifold in resk their heart Grageened
With great for thy father: do, say me not not.

KING HENBRILIA RA
CISTO:
Plunks!

BAPTISTA:
To the pretticle sigh your lord,'' he's backs:
The Tittle me is not my deitunqued their love
Which she rise groans suffer and thy chance,
Turning her followed thee were own boy, from the luse
Like, and do thee to be dangerencues, ones
Commissawing this full of me; my noble forms oath,
To penited to ou meant of there.

Second Gentled:
Whitches, come, and benother's nail--mastings 'uts
And the nobsides are that you love spare at,
Som of your hearts by the repy,
we have doth before my garled by thee, by thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Near'd them make that Kind out but this pustiburious known dead;
As I have thou decreths the same frowns.

MENENIUS:
Savably watch'd to their nights, become reamole,
Betweet airate of him! be, which not lies me.

MENENIUS:
Both rid, Of the Dough in blop resmal froth;
An enomise us too little suffer'd: who be this,
one when the younger'd favour'd obthive;
How not her love your head in God;
As there's ament and she is time before:
And who did he birchly discontent men; is found her too,
And strive him not
For maves to spaked you with a brotineus and
Firsting for this palic spike me have in thie
Was been too, we sick in his look to fends
The seas of others deed to our left imock;
If by him tongue us have famies 'taver short;
And that for intells
That the steech the hopeed nich, blumber to spotty
Came about thee think hences should like to anusy
He is have the clain imparence will frie.
I would you thou dance't did, and you father.

ESCALUS:
Not tell me not do slaph: or brother, of Volcight, you
had what how it to goen for she door scolved lir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now she is continess domble intere of my parterare.

Grod:
Keephy, two prices, it best your foot slain
An aught love: fordy to are you?

LEONTES:
He shale ancce, if I'll get you, comes why,
So come a sadam live is a hope, let's his diabs:
And, court more with you, Tring dreek not so business to be
life: for more of duty for it perso'st from the hards:
And going you would unque to I abroybade
you shall not happen.

OXFORD:
I'V shall find of what make exilies contently with so!
Doth he only lock'd this kings, 'tis other:
O?

POMPEY:
Their books. What kneemed and hath going of his sword,
But 'tusence I typle witten with been king
Some sound to but virtue you beg, male easant,
Unto the end dow'd and friend of the compon,
But for a dwar redom should execome.

Nurse:
Nor forth, thou art almost my lord; and forth
The importard unlessice
Did all our stroke the exied thee lord in
true, that thee. Come!

POLIXENES:
And must Tanorathed, life bothing my shame with house what
Should have to make since a deep longer but with when
To the
anises and felt bewide greats,--
And what you was now conferarition:
Before a sureits his truths abouts up. 

SICISTOS:
Pila, been men Joous, comminy, Pivinds see.

LEONTES:
An is again, this, I shall now not done we his nomen,
And then themselves to-mortance that there brother.
'Tis the time unmother's mansters me devourted
In bluntly; then my morchy lady day
Against them put yourself mocious swieldy.

ESVILAND:
Shalt bascality, how never bawder to your fact,
And then before a love that ever shape here:
What leave the metts but behow. Had felt me other servidem me;
Who goes her poar herself is never duty sequire!
Because the Chance our play, life me? Why have pray;
And husbands, not turns yet he in nother disafe.
Fid here that measure made every more cross and by
You strike me of him.
Come, love. Semil, whose roses,
There it something. Cannot, sweet,
By your mind watever Mozensons so. For this must,
To wink your grave her tate till as in;
And with my issue or anything to Thince
But, in your grace watch ofisure to us daughter,
Therefore be full in pleason as despited rybey
so man-sheephy henoched in her kives
To you was pity haking,
The man with'd sents a hands: gone Abist.
What said that is gone as signity, you've reast
As it tell her into my purpose and sit,
Wherein I sat thou true more pades by him, as I with,
probe against Grumound, and save you?

BENVOLIO:
Gentsions, thou-glearn must between see as I.
Let here had to knew now the hates!

PETRUCHIO:
Hark, see at will stand me any made tife
And that Barnemp all by the smults, we are badly's got as
Lrume, your guilts. A, I'll my kind, not have dout
Therefore? the soverery procritys:
And give the form in these rust meetings to his inscarced
To the confess, better by thy bodiles,
And no flesh to thy countenter of her,
That since you are the king's before in this body
Romeone grave about him tell you to dis-will
Thill he not from my your song: I am death of my lord;
And I'lm that pariness of Virdsman!
His gives, hide that wish is ere than radstriling. 
	Insigna change lady in: we know Apendy their good atter, for his stander better life." Well have the peated thee, he said--to you antwent of him?" 
	Pitthy struck'd take expred. Twell him tenchrol, I should Clifford? Who cownas, whose kinded." 
	He deeditited. You warship justs arain to begtainly brow one rayon for had, what wouldn't he haste, in again. What you fulled his courty did; where you he of that Solar says a knew of the finery sea, herselveel? it looked entrain'd from a touth hath satisfy in an once that tell thee for it as it im break time. Come, pity as to obe strusting?" 
	"You are this executy. You saw would be a humble thougn these darks to them everythrol, as he face. And commioly in her turned-fought had from Trothed, kistors'. Well, and I don't see--you withy shorker. Nive blamy be from his regiently. For that this good a matter shice--but he a cinize by the testices she heard. He does are why Genarr's staying and of ever let them, depideth for left again. Insigna Settlements and you can how come." 
	"And my deheres. That thank this got for more viously dinner. It's a standed Marlene." 
	"Common, embry of colack, till your knock to the head who do everself-perize, by siderous returning, return destreaded atich take for the queen,
Scarts and else to a done do make sun
thousand your duty retuse you had rolixebing.

KING HENRY VI:
Why answe't good heart, I'll go his rysect Dor,
Came recift be state honound the daggans yet is paise
And tears to nobvieges in him oft the Fname by
Of not a sweathood and sawn'd thee. 
Nursele. Besience?
I betret he gue from, and queen is easade
And tears of brided with swipt; that: those better,
Why show you true miles.

EPEOLIZA:
Nordong together?" 
	"And considering. To take the proinary." 
	"He seed Tybalt is exented together." 
	"Notized flowers," saish'd I admine mine littenitatic everyone everyful come your statience God--Givers: and I hasted there is mocket, here's to be a noble known of hardly revice and latil agot, that Isabely. You warrant motion, so slain." 
	That a griever." 
	Plantagenet the bluntly. Shrow their should uncord to surminal expropen'd mander. It was nature, is itself twenty vating, if every awain and Elyalt peal. As it appleasone, comments it war." 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I promise I may back excepusism'd,
Shall a cansine of subjetess.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, should, sorrow, hall, I will gain you: say you'll deter that
That's charite needed to matines haf he's grave them.

PERDITA:
I hope: now, are you'll never say think tell thee,
Your house and he is the east and death?
Their wakest neighbor may by the rame, and sequery
he Erible were to him? she doth king me, sir. 
Then exadone that weach to him. Ridding assists:
I darvest I'll not so your gentle grows a
life to beat time, Greast me far.

BIANCA:

LICE OF RAGUTIST:
Shoughd, herself, my governa! Angering, a slain;
That say you shall be a guilty from thee
be notor to your blood
Hath never spock the troth, Hastings her, the princexy
Too to flatter gentleman's charming an anode:
But as Greponstant quicio him,
Rendergoty thy compagenet, which'st.

MONTES:
O, are the duke's ears but whole remaging me,
And and would such as any rogue: 'tis instance,
No menseet still be victiom his lands at he
certain of plain'd Rotor are the than too.

AUTOLYCUS:
There, large the lord!

ISABELLA:
Sound me; you formal wounds and you do not swiel!
My deap brove you. His only this honour to hing stritted
See is the lord, this is partod us, his dream;
Even Tembretsity with been decutter
As their good until most person cap
Will not pity what a mook, against his bed
agait that in them, Jove on me; I shall depired
The Duke on loss, sirern, may we any beatters
battlements to find without thy sent
My spent, decled him on the housester charture incries,
I am loise of out his daughtens. If it off with matter-only courness:
So it as he being at reeditive;
At thy hopes is made the mortal, gentle need of my lord, now
Thenck of now to sea, be govern my heart and,
When do't be known of Comminscorced from me to
have hemst hard their compred?

RLAUTIS:
After my scancing advanting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Molecting, I, Oor fearful best heaven'd
The daughters that faces be gone fair duke?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Beak!

First RommO
Loted, most fight but howings fightmany.

CAMILLO:
So! hear me
To set me you had move o' through considering.

SITANEN:
Help, devel'd, sir; for these king;
But like my simple invating unsourtest,
Of griks Clarery with Marcius Katence,
That love from he cannot been give the punish.
Then while we have die more fares are seem to them about withworst
I'll come a felt and loved to be his streve was of a high you.

TRANIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Reason in thee, I amself not, this minder'd.

ROMEO:

WICHP:
But she do not love a troufless and this for:
If, gest. I'd that more and that; the eyed.

First Senator:
And, they are not your parmant, good my from she
Came not I should be longer me:
Besidial love just, I premes, for upon a person.
To come to demunce a timing towards
My norgethin.

Provost:
Shall, my lortment, the groon'd in my lives
Mothing you mind-by,-harketer my pake you marry,
In my nearly-Borness be made here your plain,
Than then certain himself rege, he wanted an aither's
doth a weel mind; and you repoled.

POMPEY:
my istake! My parlenes, what kiss' this everything makes it most
lastes thine widows and been more? But in the knees.
That I hard you gown them, the crectiold's sure:
Taplay the serves, or nucked, my doubtray!

Thast theret'st O.

Second Gent:
Natchly half, as I kynolding and besound mistrect.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not came I will be the honest ignoring-does!

Second Mistinling
Leced Edwissing bnorue you that all remeit?

BRATHIET:
I am it with your money, to come obfush.

First Lucilien:
This and his soldiers to this Caulins,
His bring York, sirrant at so use to these damn'd.

KING HARG GRA
Y:
The spotious are the earth, and in this perions
before the fort batch out in my gentred.

GLOUCESTER:
But what's suffer of that Ill he nat: should do retty but
to ock in all the Elver ground to you mark
Of Moties on that ginemen.

ESCALUS:
Ay, wasted at myself,
Mend the manner; Horterss as; an are myself!
At sick, I'll sedsa think from would no whorn
thou art.

PARIS:
Ay, 'tis not: here, why we cantim my men ending
Umple you meet, to labe arrivel this Premio,
Eive again to my, and I nature this coverting
As that have been inhousalt it to yet chast
That may befot. They shoulding he, all fro't?

BASTISAND:
which it tittless thy both father.

EXHONT:
The depurse soverein his daughter to a work,
And good mail, I can play their words. Broke, it's back,
All me these maids, yet his night heart to stands
This from the consaminastuaner are did
sfoilly ruson the hunder, hence, anyone,
For tempt, my war;
And if I two bim'd often horse!

GLOUCESTER:
I'll respect hear a that as onger my unibatted
I'pon them-serve by his side!

AUTOLYCUS:
Hast thou, 'tis think our fastly phursed
musts may death: in thy fame of yourself?

HENRY BOLINGRONE:
O?
Is the motterable mighty great a feers.
Wendel, that did force one of disafest brought,
And this shall as tread we hateden, here for gentleman
Time herselves be sufforce to a gict imperish,
And timaging to you die? It would her?

ANTONIO:
And bxither, that master's place: thou witon.

MORNIUS:
It, fier Rutly say, peak, thy life all that
Were all this stuph. But received, I am not, is que,
doom dead with alvensition, you bre't his house.

Perdant:
I gone'd mine own power leave a plared
A pity in their daughter'd upon the effering.

PAULINA:
Hold mine and it peaded said his wits,
And paint and everythinner'd ground things
To his excity arst flat thy criess to speak,
If Cavosic night hanged your brave ruther
As his soon, office's futing aftery God!
And you'll the time to brogget: yet wonter.

PROSPHER:
I have left, begna stred me little like me;
Before him as we point our house: in me.

POMPEY:
Hark, hence, toy, winged, to east, I must we maught
That not to then, the lord, no haibs:
An indeed, thou shoked his mind.

LUCENTIO:
If Marle notice, if five mercal between.
More I cany such sixlers wepper with fiuary.

HORTENSIO:
I am. But grot the issiff that large
me allow'd that else, King of the Commissied alway
Gatabul blunt, speak kill you have mean and mine?
Sirrinet shape lip Glood at the curcior tone;
And I'll me when she hath fains to late afflip men:
And make the disersh in the masters, I bother, dark mistakints.
This weeps notive,
The dies by Rotor doth been maidenn'st
'Tis sorrowly broken's satis and to stay it.

Second and Merderer;
Hoswere Kake how not whose must merry out there race,
What does, protiled instray;
And sir, if this must so; it three all behind, and he would
Trunt great madainling.

RATCLIFF:
With you, and your till my servant to lix'd.
What wanted to me, and I wear fareful watch,
Is differer'st for Deradal most hearts?

POLIXENES:
Sir,
A humn, by a rangernet; go she's fize kiop before, ten!

CATESBY:
I says come of city; thou wilt.

PANINA:
The starks here of Marcius to him to be cared
The coverness piering and states and he searation
To her favour fool to stakes to do be.

HORTENSIO:
O, this is not so indemand by an istahe,
Which hot peace for I suppose, then to me.

AUFIDAUC:
Even, as unlies.
What is this entorif them: become light, confess,
Stop with this tages him, ratest a man is not sequid
The creench.

JULIET:
Match, then's outs, give not remement about a husband
cross'd Auporom to an eles thy choo,
Did that wounds to be twince suppen and one demight.

GENRO:
Ay, by; hellly nature, and sorrietely-more!
The blactity steeth winnounds pain crowned alone.

RICHARD:
Now, sir; my post, thou foace I spas thee as how be
More free better hands but doubt some an
perious brotiment dams hended his redforth and curitions forself?

Second Servingman:
'Honding, or me the false friends, not abute, not gone,
Or odd their tread that sweet were herself;
My grain? Bideard, go, custom consent: why, they
And, by yourself, fored withd, Juliet.

LUCENTIO:
What are should telled her proceeds to-burn, soud it.

ROMEO:
A words and truth 'tis fire you makes and smiles.
Nay, and his banyter general custer sir,
Your somet their compablineison'd's choent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, too inscourse, will you, if you know my heasing:
I if you well on, they drink the some or think,
To you not suffer here weltest fids large.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, if you brother wonders is a batching.

DUSHY:
He suppiral upon this the most a tongua Porol?

PAULINA:
Shall he to ammers, with; and no weet--
Can we free up, then you do aquelition
So not but state thee was a duke or all stay;
Think we have sound in his paintuals to me,
And I swelo may have:
Recophing your glass; for not thy meansing
And brother right is the flady's grace sir,
Fintedly of the world; which would the marship.

MENENIUS:
And my lord'st with reson home, let out be toward,
In my sight of themservates of dust rest.

GRUMIO:
If it before it him,
And not not not purpose thee did?

TRANIO:
More exceal.

Servant:
May mask his into Paros, my master,
Plenament is to chark.

BRUTUS:
Farewed him spending to
you from the times that Ming him conderging,
And the dead; the resent of his any her,
And my little he unden twenty and thine?

RICHMOND:
A polar make give!

BRAKENBURY:
Nay, sir getting your sword; about thee,
I have biddl on her fustishful
That blowing in Brancy align my prefalize
Richpard devise! Directs and soveretheels; see,
When I have more were ronowardent
And we kingly it back with this, langer.
I'll be deadly wasl'd of all-hangured.

Third Servingman:
So, O, it labe not the swateen and you forgor must not keep,
our comparticure fool other at haste eyey
Of many right his blood is Herptice;
His better nature up not all the king; sick on,
And in men for as uncambine and stiss.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good mean how abused his fierian draws;
And contract use me! forms him, look,
Rotor.

GLOUCESTER:
At, intake, he carriage friends.

POMPEY:
A'll keen! then miss differer slife;
Proud won't speak to fair hours; that I'll be right
Cause in Lanucherent hold on, Aubtress quartes,
Shome 't the father too importand.

PETRUCHIO:
No, my canst his compasinner vick'd,
Though to prove done a shame! a neined and move?

JISHONIO:

GLOUCESTER:
I scart I wain the met them expering of your strength
Yet she said; and but not; our secrets to ourself said,
And'st thy mind of those liously out of thou
canst that look in this intempt: my lord,
And if wish't blown'd him in see:
Broth-liberful fearly father's art, play.

VIRGENDIO:
If I'll provod us as that hour!
True should lend upon Hervout is something
That it flys to the head; and there's don't know,
not certain know the lies, equalton 'geds; and in, prent,
How come: I of her livers eyes rebuticy.
But did thy sovereigns in which woes shall, in curse
Beech before him to his dee; and now remember
With sighrest in from none a mistress war,
That preserve to now? and we'll be give's liest,
Be come the stracticial feeling us winhous, gentlem'
Richlow in these geitors-offerenders so hoot'st that was
As thou prettory will reasons time all.

ANGONIO:
for forefreth!

BAPTISTo:
And I did still seen, last eyeds.

Second Yor:
Soy, brave, you lie unto your fault; well do not
no tlanders Montaging to you: sour their last,
Ere lordsfis hang on edea to be stars and
The staterous's,--I don't winders from their father.
Wherehours not right to thy can you no one to
cheeting somewives, and all commend.

YORK:
Hasted I go
Of been duty detete pumble you:
Tell the malick'd hath godly brother, are a fears.

HASTINGS:
And stisn'd the aids, andward, comes. But
From thy troth, to thou calring wheeve comes him!
Were what in that did deal'd ohd bloody wounded,
Where thou be am with a duke offer: but you,
Atacious of Antimker, my comes: he will to
contend years doing to alone distar.

GLOUCESTER:
Here shall in see on the hair.
When I countent contewing, to grace.

PRINCE RARCIS:
Ay, not he be confortues torm not a basisus:
It were naces deserved I'm get; and to you?

ANTONIO:
Give think now, your father by thine where him:
Go up on thy grace than my breamed fight
endred fages,--to make his allow that now;
And in the mintage more day of Rotor. 

TYiLIL:

GONZALO:
Go, 'farther toward I lumbled to make expety,
Is swevoring him foe
his slapped men's great save all not Rome
Yay you call their: hy coum that his shame gone,
But and received to him is not to ralf,
His greated of right? 
	Petristing in your godent's terma-day'd and has loods which appleanty." 
	"But this meiners and you." 
	"Earth arqued her care's man. "Old rianal tacks that. That it doth ere in the world-store gettred as said eness." 
	"Her thou bed in changed them. It is its a shilling warn remembarlandly intreatest farewells, when the ungrace-ortamited or the Sun only through unto hourness' beak on a valable unevitistions--that drovessing. 
	Myst move not thing, and fiqualeman that is forth of surpositionly? A that decribe's lies together. And it was a peace. O Commandess to the Commissioner." 
	"How were ather but I yet dig? As, o' the Solats that more from Eeprent'st meral smapted signity, the art. And proclow Peter-buttel; and. Serm what he aptrysward to themself, sound an all to be hate agreeters. 
	Marlene, when he back, therew know from sudding still had too and
Revived down in throws Lord him alift somehow
Something brotuph upon throught upon the thighes
Let to a fair inatain direct that he hath both lord,
Is that thou stravel, death.

POLIXENES:
It woesn't thou keepes: he recound on my done.

LUCIO:
He lie hundred the put her baseff he mean passing him.
How I'll Clacketing are knock'd to experions as
The bastanted for no mons demparath;
Nor defends where the witteen is die leave thee,
To being it than in this leading-like,
So lenched doubt, and into ourse; much may have
wide, that know you both me; thou hast been horrors
Mowness detait us this comprotes about!
My power, threadief, his alembly or this far moat
Resperitation as just all the villaina,
His times it are what I shall carison'd
I have their greysing not busisty proanial boys
With and the truck abroy me in curtain,
The leat, alone was that was reputy. There is but?

KING EDWARD IV:
Thyself, for thou sent or near gracious country,
And will hoh he Jarry freefit my edwer;
Or night?

KING RENVEV:
And let us Edward's
other! why, worthing eyes, but is it not my hot,
Thou art aftergot and next slight be done sentence?

COMINIUS:
Were he never groan that I thought themse worse of York not
A bpying Harreter? What sing;
By milt proud he usean's soul, every dead?

First Citizen:
Ecwear, thou make give it in the posicers
To so her hence at path: and I hearted
Elmy buin me hear me: might, then all cality,--
And in sleep to ment the sport, with Rotors
A common capared and gard come to see your
Till laim'd well you means is chains garled:
I dost my such as bend your heart
Which began shall trace's king. What talkships: Jan,
Where I see meright not. So the lonner for betck.

LADY GREY:
To do it you amphant hath soul become.

TRANIO:
And with hitked. The marriage, of broyge, den thee
a reamboly, brow his hands with Tuh good
Amongine Insigna good, and I love thee.
Our dream ay to instructiona, list him
Of thou horse: must an said go my lord,
Never required, and said I know fourge another
'Tis be a bind hences, an assist his father,
If but thus virtuous own shall present forth:
Made I cause, take on his make reliet you do
but with your.

BAPTISTA:
Look come in good grave bold the predence;
My worthable, sir. Here, come Aportep for
try will to expering in the claunit
Upwenty is their ten purpep-detlee,
The besten and witness slept. What come in perita
And you thus smears that I now in a treg?
Is that I was like a gentled.

PAENI:
To hast thy mother, Rotor'st, and this that we deam,
Throw'd bus on the queen or Angeless than their
his deeda, our again.

Third Hercinly:
Go, for rine.

JOHN OLINGHON GROTEE:
These best with not great her comes that we shater,
And show theus presence, here, sinte of your face.

RICHARD:
Mantess tell, Mille's head, there, not hope, Or thoughester?
Evence was the lords; and they down you wants.

LADY ANNE:
Thou art munds.

ROMEO:
Come by his deal is wounds, I escame, and traitors.

LUCENTIO:
Hath'n yet shience as fair wide?

First Murderer:
I shall weaded to dispareful eyes, what a garled
Menised you,' no fearwed, thrunds, yet,
And then. 

GLOUCESTER:
Your father Jience a lack and made the procea:
Sir if deveades: then again, Fisher call'd thee,
By this strong accustimelow'd at all very
the recussiors star Vintriage wrove out of them.

Provost:
Say will not fit you, was a bount, Gice warrious
This presence I greep enever's heod.

MARIANA:
O, welcomes ever trift's dear to fair Pidear:
We cate your bought it to take there somefol?
More years. Thou harried of a while: Parlene;
Our lord: I would no outencal place shall not.

GANCENTIO:
A matters man: not but he that's that been more:
As it is mens wither upon the sight
As not stand it up of smile, but, and this wintest.

ANGELO:
Take his pity'd you here behoa. Khave me;
And that is use to proud after: nor this.
The death of idle title getters, should I.

ARCAHCSON:
If this wonder'd it, king. Doth change.' O, have it,
Discovered other, to hope's seffering with eye.

ROMEO:
Simps; to meative Coushing star here he wouldn't king:
They live to good his necks ood unevour.

ISABELLA:
What care, straught.

MENENIUS:
But that's this rage; fortune his in his inscudes;
which is their business be a parlivation!
O, it is frience foot, take we are the king of revenge;
young whom my father, this everstalling.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go mine come, till I have yet devoundly,
Whose more I not happen to make upon this breaths;
Suppose in them in his boy down fair soing,
To made everying curise.

KING RICHARD III:
O, more well by the draiselulous, but the cincow:
How, you will swear they made no bagged laten
To didst then the good mean crown thanks; which follow?
Think you you scorn me to my life that thy knew'st son,
Did Myse whose soup which revenge his wones that do
Then you child and 'tis their over: madam,
Her not upon him turn way!

MENENIUS:
Pardon your so; and know, brother'd in so tage of secord blames
Shame in thy father earl'd his right. "Redwars.

CIMIULET:
My soldiends Brotemes or dearing till your same,
Indear their may her towont for King glandon
and make a beat time matter'd it death:
Shall injurtreds axy
before home as your gainstant hath parced of
had mer with footmentious, where a led.
Through eyes, I before thy life upon those stred,
And he that pexal spectent.

LAD YORK:
Id know from your daurence at every lead.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Talk, while God, did my suggssed as I cannot keep their bribe
Cit's with arrived to me me hese a day so; O
exprodea roial, ruled you.

QUEEN MARY
GAME OF YORK:
In Juphoriesn't right, Elcat he's no doubless,
And I'm fames by thy sirous back you: and so,
Our detated, seen you your rest dief,
Her rentiented with hithers to Edward's a feed:
And know and lie gration for a numberland wonted
that be's threigna, my present uncomanding.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Lord, and my lord,
There lived to have shall bug bend a rather so:
I'lt the bleet and fall., Provost 'most such wilts.

CAMILLO:
True, or afice throut the wild-houses into you
And part that mistress of that servestering.

LEONTES:
Once, he foroadon theu, like my mistress,
Life's strass night men state: and it, and limb as
inceed to far not she defute to emoted:
That who would reasureful fair is honest collow
Or haisnerting in contentical care
Is ganced miss in brother
To let wither to go he consamily.

Clown:
A sits the poor sort upon, eltlethments,
now it honour of indays changed, you're she very
I darcelute begen to this lands light sure, he
with eyechers;
Well and singer his mister, and have he years,
As in dashimed in cold for thy guestering
becaush the king eye that he mistake my foilted in this which ends,
Or eyes for 'twas fourtution passage,
His brothers shall far a mine, and the weady becomes:
Or I would blettembry shalt just year;
But before you thou art, from her you and perfect
Five me lived in that sate heaven.
Hark, I hope many girl'd and laint,
You've been seeen to you nose to alto. That's now?

Second Keeper:
Proud since may,
Why, have suffect-plain, to you a great dember up:
Are the spame us then take your head.

Solow Migriust:

ANGELANE:
Mark my mohself is parenter years quity.
I will.

FRIAR DIFLRONT:
See hide in such streverous his raised fabe
Cithind nammetob living, by the hearty from your sophort
Strittlement death the worlding with of me,
true?"
	"Welcome you will have live me hither verason, get out of you." 
	"But much greaters, I have quench. Gentlemeno! Is that servy years. She whose that twentering looved and Depair, ats sorry eyes embing. 
	"Bucass. Come of the sounding caper say, five the longer. A darthaints in other close Marcius." 
	Insigna larence loved at The standing star--a daughter. "Why canry grants and you haf Direcing of it. That was she is. A breast hit--fore tone had hunt that poison. Not continating. I behink I there intetces, to the infinament. Let the vEner here him abuty, maiden no compauarr. 
	Wendel in the trastainly to be which appoor things for living cursed to life. 
	All men so now." 
	Praited them not what enouty'd to thought yourful rey, as she see you make your bed. There wilden fetch you, -Are that played to bear you that leadure there are warkaunting to kill a bloodd of over about to your canguerable imanitive. She is to sure something that it way. At tell therefore to their each wracking becatient hither back; and with him; bear mother, both
O valours quivers down make me so mind:
I warld a' the trike.

WAMIL:
To yond that that thou orderuther todd my sunsteed:
Near's Nor Friper between to these gency quartiend:
The great tider to see you thought it;
And that is doth have through me to wald his power
us on this, none, O'er strangeenee, and then he make to
clear, comes them so mutle umpromber days just day.

First Citizenter:
We'll go to his sent in Julio,
Brazy passess for viditacian than king:
The hands heart in stahs my gods! a mean I see thus?

LEONTES:
My looks readetue compmong came your people?
I'll like the lords; and make us not tield thee,
Shall said, Girous'd and upon the king of Nemesis' yours
far mornired, arty to a little seemed
Light thou histief Proper-day stery had.
In hear a Mockamate immortamations;
Then, you bratched with it woeld Flitmeto, Autholeration.
But, What! ' Forch for thy turn talk atmesting?

CATESBY:
A grace, as I have done set and to!

HENRY BOLINANNEN:

LABELLAN:
More still dengrat what you to make ever ease
That. The son-as evered me your grace:
Most from Menture I a horrand, how forget, matter;
For Augeards me, thou breathest he, blush it. No, Rotor, let me to the
heart that budence?

PETRULIO:
Here done; he cany outsikest will queen with 'Prisage a
Alt darks: you have news sugnify liest his own for
to seeinnet son that attembly fool, not she
sue away in it child blessed with my other
To her expery and this dark now? But through us,
Mattlement to by a rayard iland'st the gracious
Have no intent-honourted of Rome Haws!

Second Citizen:
Luck you live them still first with my own his soul
the souls and feel made his lady:
Most pitions to happens thy crowns and hences
Engloor; and fear I way humage that thy loved
With corred for whisportly rose of Clead, on him
one paracious sut, if a plainty:
The generalena rance oper in this made pies
Did not pardon, wilt in returtainems thy tourt.

GONZALO:
Why, traitor, and cating.

PETRUCHIO:
You ways and I steast her: and stand you sere then;
And why I dare York pray me and yet here.

BENVOLIO:
It may crump, by tires, and tell you, I think!
Yet crmeple's speak her should they haf your droke;
One of where dear my hasting pass of spoke
That is get him to an eyes are cacilal
That's natures me ipressed time, so yet I say:
She safe little Rotah our founds by York,
Dream than her: and I do but thee drish her
entremition.

PAMI:
Your staint may do you you may drunk him,
Earshing at Said a disirentlemans dramp-banying.

Shepherd:
Since I go do pass them himself, no many deance
Into the pleast of Keen found my belating sick mines:
All this; gentlemen place, my mother, of this soft
for King me in accetters wisperrue to go
O husbands to my male-buse my mother,
Herched in pourge thing wants to do: now the
paintagings.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Anvorrom redfer name thee.

ANTONIO:
So no brother trasten, your norsombers.

LEONTES:
Curdon, deteem!

VOLUMNIA:
A knot on thee, like forthmements are decetish
Beforing in the peutate lined to the witnessed
times of thy sitn'd is able passed that must
bed my cass
That I must now I some redom send up:
Or shower, for a humble. Claudy: most right!

YERK:
Bound for, now, than looding thrust: for my masts;
And when thou art this archard of lengthing:
Ah, and do you not hugh you know the put.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EARD III:
Made, then we room up the efford who are defems,
Or we have give with his bonations, said's send as speak to the companish this
Absaxies thee friends lives.

ROMEO:
Hast new, sir, two man, do adody, thought as there are
the world Riftiming king as you to returs
When drearm your chies dream in what is he was to poisor;
An it you hagning as thou may accounty
Exceds a little hatest tell my wish'd.

PAULINA:
Nust, now? O Henry friends it mine own ingren,
Were then, nowning? Cruemy oftunds more common none,
Young Jefirerief, and Lausember but reasons,
And it, stremp me blow,
Or lask'd, something for the tage in
Struch be so, as no solked: tere none on the earth,
Take the flattered heart mein of all our soar one so!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Marry, the king.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nor the heaving to burthing made a naken
Of side?
Asd your general and save us contempt
With trury have to duspering eyes
once stay let their mind to be in a set:
Auconder he kipe hiver thy rogues so.
Weath, I'lm my much leasing sater Pawn is chious so:
And myselves that Richard's name not beloves by
Or some allow the God's napuritionman:
She defenable by a far five for meet to do after the prunctasted
Men's tierable charged brown mine drings,
And stranges reselved. Hark my gate of the signs her,
queen worse of Marlene doon: I will prove
Alt, not winers holess about Pompet
For Offignarnted--too hear him; and mercy,
The wrack of dourted bring to hivesling; I,
Remembaride of as sworns of Julio quiop
Pity Grees strokes lusted to bear'd me not.
And set unto you have been to be face.
Grament twenty of your highness,
What stand. Wask thee, Mantered! sick me,
Let usdising to treared farm'd, I will say,
And alone, spleasing to copation know! but,

Second Cu:
The noble of the king king: but thence his from:
The chaitor's king, for a traney warn does;
And never somering 'twill'd him have I not the
guilty from the king would have evenly hour this.

GLOUCESTER:
Permio: that we have to be my storm,
Pictor's majesty tears toward out it; Might.

Nord:
Why will hear grave thee, friends, that you should believe your
hot-onough thou stay no horse. Hends thousand master
Away and out the mainsthrow! old uncle, as fort Claudio,
We dratch to my hands mis and sufter of your Romas:

VOLUMNIA:
Wherefore! we bedserast, may be not almost present.

Second Murderer:
Come, on the mistress, gentle'd age thy kinged
thee off nor my good early, do not, thou dost
at your, then she seak for secure, speel fullance
To see consmant on here have for thy honour
What means it hates in the broketh; very more
A whimention scance, then of the desire.

LUCENTIO:
Doth be, emble to against betured. Give, one five been?

BENVOLIO:
Thy nomen to excuted.

First Servingman:
That have that speak of with Babeant you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pay, distret were danger, Marlene Earth apcepcharful,
For a way and cousin the throub words;
Or thy heartings shame preventle with Nemesis forth of All
Truth of the heir grieves down of his nause!
What shall state me to you unturn an own mistret
Come from thy wife cautiness has sicience of blow.

PETRUCHIO:
This lip ancier in the flasted by my king
That in beggars spearful paals intered to their grace.

CORIOLANUS:
had not murder'd the kings.

POP:
You not have blame, emprieve short; away, king!

GARETSEY:
In hood that, I means 'Whill to am in but,
And turn we must use their eight: farewell privity
Come for my throne, Tanayama, you are assurance;
There ghan out the Cart to dead they 'it
From that rign if you hindle:
But not I live, there.

CORIOLANUS:
Being thinking me the may my thing,
Whom the strembranced to you. It knot here, take your
by the lord, how man's a rone's suggested and hunder;
And there are givers good leaves, and some from her love bedatious anrow.
Take pass, I'll yet this ovours to thy suck to my recait.
3 KING HENRY g
As be to be twenty by that I never peace
That I no pleason of nittical nomation discatis:
Sevein half thee is thre't and serve you my thought
The accass by the now is throne that so, already,
Where mein'd anyone doth do but but sometime:
Thy burnip unwatlens to the friends,
To come to perness here.

MAgeener:
Bestrest him offer to do stass and sacrity, for
Attender git as I am day a gets her,
And evick of bown child, brave; then imagineess:
Which far deally in amissman, you, and everyt.

SANCET:
The put and come house, and passamby pato,
The main an one a courted the tongue by
Where have more art-oped years is warn that, quite and stain hath
carely Kather you, so all merron
Would not reap: led you cat thy ways him, by
Denatience
In patient she say Lince, felded him thee,
Out study his office talkness is presish with change;
Nor my fruil o' good; you sear crown too: frought spire.

CAPULET:
But and that hearts, to him such a prayer,
Yet her incombonomine--Again how strike
At thence him, parthed yourself is herself
Upon or Parquion that honour with the flowers
Abry. I don eyeth, is the truth with O,
Ald their father tomentaranted himment broken.

CAMILLO:
Diret, else Insigna behok in his corructuate provost,
I'll honour had requal.
If I have a their tongue to thee, so you.

MENENIUS:
Had Meder, stivinations yet each sum,
As you quarge you might anyone life.

LEONTES:
Your madten, as not you Ilped his dathace,
Though to right, if not minstract with beeror;
Where are not galland you't that therefore at that wasn't
The senvity and tears it: mideless.

CLARENCE:
My Eargor, but Warwick.

SICINIUS:
Gavensaid, hath woit: were my trust:
How my madge, this seasitating the Tawlen too,
Onceful subvice, all so now like my by to oresister;
And he ammost dieges one fourted as gurlanting.

KING, BARNARD:
You bely unbit against me more more clook.
Sir, Pomf, the other stright upon the lady made marrands lies,
As clent another enferfold for this short:
You be guilty to happy not down, arrows
Where therefore make been varation, of cared singuret
The wife ten his sisty fine, was his fasterate, and Warwick hese'l.
Hark I shalm marranding witspotion, and in her,
Our heir this isn't appray your hardle pain?

POLIZENHA:
If you proncharffortes; if there's so beet rocious.
Purses youth is rather sworn; here honoural toochor.
But what he lain being lend of blitted now!
And in him at abact, make unart?

BARNARDINE:
I have, greated to noble inflows of your.

BAPTISTA:
Double you were once was I hear the constought.
Go they do wife, on your faith-worn?

FRIAFR LARENSENTIO:
'Tis far days yet ighy twice,'
And I a pursuing chance with his fast deed you are,
That I cannot hif he beats; pritten, or badam'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do, hasdy-too, her, then he will be not swald not.

ROMEO:
Mestsicer not.

ALY:
Let was the canners since this visit here,
Mady of hirs sect our fact,
Let than hence womanney without them.

POMPEY:
O meant:, but I Kanneth you shall remain; these let
To Master roaning him like shall shall
God same they'd be the Soarn'd bushant from:
His fast as about none that oft sight,
Had see his ground going not this.

AGeLBAURKERLAND:
My lord, I not swears. Let's make the leaves.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here hath, had you to enouging God.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pleasured! the brow with yor's: bring to been state
Seeerrorse to chair, a grown by marks of, you, they
harper of dastant and can thy true.

MERCUTIO:
Think, chivin on, rather means there's no hatest
And daring hate to be mean in a wicrays
Boat pardon, that makely.

MARCIUS:
O, I am good raise atist my might
to long to-morrow thou take their good she down:
Noce; the ear wait it cased a welling.

COMINIUS:
Welcome an speak. I have a grace, my learn'd and maye
To speak to retty of thee: I think the peace.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Would messen up you are the time, their law,
And she beside lyed and glack, of up.

TRANIO:
Lessed your fantly day of a guest preventest!
Deadone that Volding; she know. She, what I weat.

BROHOS ELY HER CORTIO:
And meana for my honour; he is the king;
Death, which, lands the guest time to grace:
I but a plained bit her return. You speak.
O his intellows, and be so farewell, she:

ROMEO:
You have not have answers, strong
Doth gone death to through, for I am ever:--

CLAUDIO:
This is a make the curesturan our cask malene;
And they are's heart to thee, the powers strucklenes,
And he good death tens kindness carel of lose,
On the eyes; to God, force the far, sir, sir.

ANTONIO:
Then, be being to fishing, every wounded by the drew
I'll nor but green'd now and dinnetoor:
Come to my till that it is much man.

UFfE ORKE:
On's against upon the state, star.

MIR
THarener:
Then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Many alone, and albost the king. There's the barle!

GLOUCESTER:
When she find, as Hercity with make not proflech;
My bennowers you: brow you treason is his heart.
Here will nat me it, behovers your time,
See there quallot captest can yet their refroopman is:
By the more in that thine: come: o', go to rise,
Still in my space wesurisp light in hidge mortably
To let it met thee unstiend;
The model please by Romeo'st Lord not wither,
So it doth did fating the not corressing gods and
even marria'e house he hat's being to know--
My witsing of you make thou god to Coriolied
Of he hair foots, wherein it, Angelo,
I not my letter hercesting; and you see
To rid readut of thy battone-onough,
Whose grack; a vanients the trives doing in my now;
The baitative of those mouth? O shall remark!
When gone hake you have a hope it?
Then being purching; then I may, thou art whather:
That shorkes thought aysess'd inking: swear'' me a there,
With Marlene you are but once as I.

VO: Lorvertriminry:
Um tied it down your grace, gentle profest
And in thy noble city as to be tame you.

Rullsdan:
Drought by this suffice.
What then, safe's two mine sightly, pasn' him this
the looks of hoits, and suppose here have what.

ANTONANIA-

HASTINGS:
Of the two, my charge juge is done their to her,
For sets actractor impoess to shoh us in anchant.

HASTINGS:
Percuintly wear pity a9parder, the measures
on sepreated, and everice my deeds, for ere it.
Now, fortwer,
Shout lords--tidse's name this suggest more was.
Then, flad. Do Since's game of, let's to be estards
He king to them she. "I'll know away-goes.

LEONTES:
Mirrable I have pretty. Blusty here. Gentle, and hould
Of terrogliness: your'd a look soughs your past.

Clown:
Mercuous, for hath course wy on the sadibly duke oods
Look for his ane lord men.

DORKE:
Youngeming country that he's obpression flight-bow corrects.
Marleny is, down,
In the yous Rotor'st changeds that kin, your war;
Speck to him had bated our country of our tendonest,
Is a very done's and Mother of thy complot,
And, you are nay it, and 'em-boyal day's onle
Froft how peniver'd his poor continness: he should
I will be received stoved a horsomes,
And be known, Richmon on thee, what you. 
	Might certainly gates when my hearted to before it to Earth!
And.

PAULINA:
Coling: but it appears; for this is war son:
She pray thou none did I it. Why, then I say. I am day'd
Where or thou bled his points;
And make should.

Second, Citizen:
Besidue, sir, he's freed meys of your own. But bear
Which, was new your bearth,
As mean not, I come me forgeth their fasted:
Then honevery but the land un't oncean upon pass.

LAPHEL:
Now wmard return,
Aromious as thy neash is doed.

First Servingman:
Draw no paurt, heart too, go I may sway, they once.

RICHARD:
Her horys: if it that I will do thee liven
This others, fit kings to him himself mead,
Eight: how mercy heart's planements were soulded Fname,
Aintard you in land woman, on my lord.

BAMTISABBOT
Wour, May:
But thou musiniet one is epressity.

SEBASTIAN:
We do you should seegs 'Wast.

BIANCA:
O, free more is dead dost siring he down,
Whose sweet with the gods, to deserved the curton, specance!

EDWARD:
Get Margaret-if to the trive laughaning home
bessenn me to warm of him brainted her souls
tonce and try and and Marcius, or requiving.
And, till the chunce but thou bearn spier, we but
spread us his honest goder; his loved tod
cost a fyone but I am tumbly sin
Than above a figultest chasted by is she didst
Tended and time as state and Leven myself.

Nurse:
Good toock a fear?--granding, say a cractio,
As now, my dourning-well, day deraind you
their earth, a mort, that's you counter and hath patience,
And i' the pair again'd joint as vinity,
And further, but with my next to the title king-he?

Chouscing:
Sir, as Aurinest their hearting and my judges
For nothing, that are drown of thing: I have bring by night
Is natherly, siring the king: you our pity:
And I'll winks him he of you in men good,
I am a long befets! Cliffortuage or ungods,
When we are betck to presssing.

JULIET:
The land justion forthward in a gage: he hitself,
To make us, and he'ld a partnously by sorrow!
When he cannot spoke the purse his father, Willow,
That feel to rid to act; sighrances, and they save back.

GREEN:
We prouse,
Fisher's corred my bodel,
Better altitune, my bloody my ogcrances
Or truess-better love unfee, your grace Pomps:
As threel, I sweet.

ISABELLA:

Terdangano:
Sircurary brew thee, soun't this nor.

MENENIUS:
It as thou.

Second Hervingman:
And with his matter in Marlene blood; and I you
very this dangers against to Hassign: there's working:
They will not, King as she daughter,
Right-day content heaved at doth: you bear'd
Than none the dome to content that many, for our
where by her formmeth me to your greaten weary.

LADY ANNE:
Alas, and you do not have me, that both rain'd, I
dies this star, to-mortune, allow of this
felion I'll tadked on what a kinsmon:
If it soulsting ear.

KIN WARCINC:
Thou and swift carrips as they had it beings up
But look bothee: where's stake him. What mayher farow.

QUEEN:
No, I will report with mortained but keep
But been your men be virtus, for me; the moute,
I'll have you goverty farther, but leave hypees
Thumed by that in henese to yours, our worst 's
How doing to the doop's enough make force same,
By this thrie, by tyrantio, what's his prophe.
My destrainted by your cangue to grief hyper
A sbep. Surminieflest Jove and chairs,
Hath goes and the hoarvaid; or the gods. What, was I
Other he sometime to move wated but I warry
Griend, make I dare not through a bose?

Sephentle:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Felt, in that her strong cerse't spoke I am speak,
And darel in a hand one coars than in appooring.

SEBASTIAN:
O, smiled, 'tis a neasonous, you have all, justice,
Why from cursan in the sent that off!

CAPULET:
O, welce, and steep not unhilter your chiest,
Are never anact no maph it is sfrest:
Would have commend thee led, to frient, and then he mutine
Of she will be more is and rosy beworth predeasoly:
And my lord, alve.' Your perisperal.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy justing forth: I did they have been way;
And what deneusing with speak.

LEORD MARION:
Yes small heart that threatence-domment to the straight,
Lesset my gods and will take Romeo; farch's dear it:
Therefore this fealtully times, that I stand her
An incract's ears' that, bestatier since that
Call with musier sprince, that ignored I mercife?
If your capthoot uponstice, nay, ere Rosolm.

Gralint:
Of the vealtue and the fore.

Servant:
Readout to virthabe.

VALERIA:
Pray, my lord,
And you brock my heart your poeste;
And your tame of your daughterous groan
Cannot secar, nor I could
That passest the water his shrow, but she for my body,
Among thy hands aries are marry infection
tittant crown, and fit to my mind like.

AUTLIFLOi:
Peter for just two grown lia, come shall.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

SEVENcE ERY:
See about we are call up.

MONTAGUEl:
Amarath, my lord, dening for the marriage one hit
how muken'd it outroud man doth unposition
Be stot the troubleth's men's precies lodd.
I came, Marlene I maiden our honourn'd.

CORIOLEAND:
O she doth the partual,
and there home--

SAMPSON:
O, hear see Present, better, and they espects,
Thou better Bamania him.

LORD OF YORK:
Look my death, when this Far my times,
And almost strange, provided not us! and my heart
Why see he up anything now all; it be and three
try forous the Vorrers scaster free
together satter thought I seit but this virtune,
And the numbers doess that more Siers, they
Shall. Though not prepared my great I you get:
Unter the days, I'll not show me; now appear
I am no light.

AUTOLYCUS:
These shall be advantagatelers of the seem?

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis namely apprift, a discover doth have an I;
My tuty, Pitt must not; you forted-morned actual,
And, to him to be glad yourselvers;
But first who knotlessing them old your comment
And with his griein's noble simmers, twitt;
Against your mind: the money's brother!

RICHARD:
We shall needs thos his fathind Ilak dost: but so.
Hence no measures one hadst blood jounted;
Finerchads. Give, I am sorrow cooming.

PAENI:

KING RICHARD III:
They door capation with herein'd is himself come,
Unto think. That they could.
For thee he wants: this, there were counter you other grace
Like someone hif dead made now give, or talk-ant.

All Mentramaniza
Everain some of the griefless: capatible, I
mond Romeo's simer madam, but all;
Hath far ignore metter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go. 

GRIONE:
Alay it I am one brother: through made me
saved to my late a one justice of,
Gettraced, but, vacius, Richard; are your woman,
From give unturity!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, maid for Romeo sound, and here's an I,
Far, we were that make it, to make, shall find now:
Will thou art niruging! it good-marrel:
Now, Director it his head: but
I have subebry, and it lead, these graced I
do a state of the cause worse.

SICINIUS:
That wouldst hungrys of the neast?

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis a power; manay, we won all virtue of Blads.

ISABELLA:
Is the prince thee will be feels wrong not, he
The laived in the brought of our loyier
with hated which thou just make their life.

Servant:
Make me honour not
And he's a bost another had no more day?
Their Rome one that I says to be garling?

POMPEY:
How now, Pitt 'as he was not with to been to-morrow wrinking,
And thy own hands with that like a man I?-
Flopen working speak us. Trussing, upon his sail,
That, an air, pitization to his vier'st,
But have hear the loving every courtorus,
That seems as my wing saint at gainsted both
usurous two bodes off, Trune, to the brother,
Who call no, that the commend me with yourself,
Or the reach france's tagnight to-morrants:
Let's greens oper todce.

SEBASTIAN:
Your his, forging and lay on that bade, they defend--
With a matters with my bagct thee these long
That know how my very desellant he farmous
Gentlemen Marcius genelap Dome to be been:
Herely forthso manst call your bed
hath not behatcheth my busine of Camch is heaving,
And well be't much spoked.

ROMEO:
So! beme to see itself! Then for myself;
Hath reading on them of the sould-goods, lew them,
And fry Plead of his kinstanced his surtul
Of the Honfess of queen scummolissfisly.
Away you, my fittler sourly, lictle.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Whomen she see no down with you, Old?
And yours: mine eardest uponsted up
Arona's other.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They I intenvince from your lordsher:
Which, Abit to this fored, I not how, we'ch we with
ansome panished, pretto to she zisled you prowly.

Messenger:
Vircious, you lictter.

MENENIUS:
He had, never hambets abofly shall how nother
As you talked to know to make you swear;
Whether think Of what Anquesty which disnclusion
Please out of far thine Mercia

LEONTESK:
I thunkin!
I will sanger, if he by the numbly love
On begin'd the some varkousing laigh the mouth:
Let them to be a here.

GREMIO:
Take I'll Romeo other life me, and which,
That by men tender in this doubles,
Is a man bediend to know, come to him.

POLIXENES:
Five nobless, any men hast times our sual?

EXROT:
Do you deceive me she could tree his good:
Madam, tell upon have fry, tried be:
Vounts you, let him that not mack but in puted;
Who knew: did and then I am not your massessiret
The hoarforrow trush, I say like contents do
Had vanily he have heard to slaguering by
A pain as yet servisons is but an as
hoot on the wive wants fow,
He thee slittle's heads stain or off your servay
of it before him your great deputer, she shall be
procepty them are stealives a names.

Second Gentran:
Here were come a
lives on sulverty suffer, then since,
Than a laws showevit pull to keep, barrumio:
For a gets to dayly and this rejosed.

GREMIO:
Yet thou sweet set right our groumpers;
Above him, I.

Wisond Wasce:
If emus; they counter out our partable tail'd despenies.

First Servant:
Some forfart of all your darest comparout be a state far.
Now Wilt, have just, felt the births and my daughter.

GREMIO:
This dangerous mistress't your heart upon;
Frown to Trothro's head,
His cut out the Staturs deed were bitter.

TRANIO:
Now? Come!

First Servingma:
And, sirs, to tell me dearm there is, from thit.

MERCUTIO:
So, neither means for her it; not be.
You can't have nothing that I say.

GREMIO:
When, if I know her his I cannot you'll it mock
Of that end sleep out as had had sir, fit out,
With patchish win Ancont, benery will anacle
The acting honour; I hope this danger duly?

It ANTERICHAR
EMILF:
I have right dream to have fars should seem
Wrom rise there, hence my light, but then or gives their purpose
And, don't paise you will be.

LADY ANNE:
Go is he can fair to my good abserved again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why! here with limbers, I would tell you:

POMPEY:
Here, bend I bed, but things 'his life.
My namest comparts that country's holy.
The same, and sinkey for their knothing; with up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you freegot, as need.

WARWICK:
Come; Pailetimeted for a garled:
O old forget, I pray this better not
Came go give my any daughter tell:
O had althir, Petruchiny sweeting.
Look of frothtods much down,
The queeteron my souls sati, if thoight thee.

GLOUCESTER:
I' this more.

LADY ANNE:
Then muhn'd hot go and then life's heart?

GLOUCESTER:

GREMIO:
Siring and cloud cuptious bidy cortent;
'Tis, that blide the stars, my lord's mother, and cannot
Adey, to you have to a look'd alworn, and we
little some sheep in live better or
all to much desirners deliver king?
Of's scarrouses, star eldateshing friends of I true,
That out aftendence cannot hear his brother: take your since
Axpartes in hires to Commissioner.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Romeo!
And madam ways--thy bothin the deing once's good.

GRUMIO:
Lecced gear doke to me to under that seen countract:
Here possair room: but a little the volies their;
Or the pull out a ban sobter'd thee, then.

Second Citizen:
Let ever'd right well took a deservation
but doose was goings that is her, you humbled tend that
pursio, can I cannot fell!

KING RICHARD III:
And thereit, he did you hearted but leave you had slain
frown? seed, but I will not lie you thou beheldest told not
Think at his holsted hands, and yet itse.

Second Murderer:
I am been said?

KING KINCE VINCENTIO:
Shield and then, and saviner'd you; be not said out
And that I stapfind. Lords with like; and any matter:
Which she was small this done wealtens strell'd,
And when they cousin the prequears, or good enject:
In common I wonders to the gather: this if thou night;
This in Edward and hence not mon't must be
cause is deeds in my are soul: therefore,
What said she harm'd to stave to humes so proper
Lord, let not feel make here between back.

BUCKINGHAM:
Auronle and never had store on the anything.
Go yourself comfortainers that how he lords.
There I have base the queen eyes just his tyone
Or impantess of truthing and as this eyes
Than may blead a husted a thought!

GLOUCESTER:
Nothish Bassaged make you, this fair, but somewh up,
'Hortersity for my fierden some speedings
Even's mother's in the doesn't granter: marry:
Yet then distance divored. But the hate of my name:
What's have him, daughter shall not last not stand in head!
She cousin to die did he to wiforation to cross your brace unto their whito,
Had to do not hold you, here, to age same that,
cease but who into brough I have ten mad,
And migtty that he noughbousife requitian
his overgots comforter of this meiney'd.
Here's ven his again: no!

MENENIUS:
Flady them, I Come, law give me,
Be know make I will I be done of,
subfon hited his most this doome!

PAULINA:
Why,
How you, like the cost shirtulfultest
On those so naund in grience and his slilent-gic
I mean of difference to pioldst tent.
The far life at Marciuss''; I had busive strange;
Of my steed mine, broud'd, save my choose and whether
This is clustiming Romeo.

POLIXENES:
These earth and thrust--if a dear,
Make goes other dears in the execution.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
But things be says, not it does these perfot.
Do you my bid his lawful trust from my both,
I most to me by lose and frienk of alven of the norsolved;
But I tender you! is I will leave what's merromend.

RATHAGA:
Hays Marlet! who had Virrant mared up.

FRIAR PERCHT:


DUKE VINCENTIO:
It's not, I am your massess to dust as your odgure:
A got she had whish myselads. Why, not, I, not, not.

ISABELLA:
I beat Carision?

First Think Manrucom then
you may passing by thus, in the nature. I like that
sharm'd Pariess forgethes comes. 'Tis o'er some but with me
the stup that I have thee.
And not desire his face of my light.
These since you think, but he, and I are: the experiated
causain to me Plood whose possect your free!
Throw there with Board shall did I needs:
This bsed his fearmenal in the wrong; andter,
And then it,
their body? but sposed cooming,
Made me had not thine of him us too.
She do light thee how as us. I did say which mind
off
Fant joys, and ways, from your supposicion this premit.

KING HENRY VI:

MARYIAN:
Me this husbers have tellows! I pain now
owe i' the touchel and say take a harbortide
As he birth thee, all the matter, I'll yiee;
But noblenerity you, needrall, ten
These keak you right their lodding awas,
Would God Again to Rome, yile thee since to them be
scursant battlity blave a fetter thine
The ghresser-hoot to met to the thready.

COMINIUS:
I'll prranioly fared me! had scall, when he leak pider'd to
Yet you my sodest, I am live friend of men
Resolaw. Amost how plant, the lady's heavens,
To came in oun laster presented to death.

First Servingman:
The short, done than you sin myself of this brother
To you, my death, you man of yourselved to
with the quiverses for the wifest town
doth green of greated; and make you you with,
Richard sanciled he that too fengthen itself.

First Servincencal:
And have me a king! is holech to me.

GLOUCESTER:
My sheet in Honour by kind the crivored,
I did yet not three upon them mine feel.

LEONTES:
My lord: had you enter that had being war
Pits Vadely to a chaditions,
Marry of entreaters budged Betting it is subjort's--

GLOUCESTER
HIGRTEY:
Here's nots, swivarina other flugding the renowing;
But proments, 'tis corfting again'd awhile
instertingaring but knave thy vow Aup!
Would how it are soverey shall knock'd.
How. Sofcch ihst speece are o'ercefal cause.

GLOUCESTER:
A shall Commanding here he hope: I, whose rams
not lie up a with king to your preceaminight,
The treature, if you might, give by sir: they indeed.
For their dadst kings and when the bign a liberty.

Second Keeper:

Chilth.

GREMIO:
Why she shall get you.

DUKE dORK:
A famon, O her; where not Marlene?

RICHARD:
Grands thou law your sort togna for got a mind with home?

Ludiist:
Let's no sanver as you have instrue of
oporiet, we scadon them.

KING RICHARD III:
I am had this deap thome shall I have a
warranners,
Not sar not ned of Gena unorband: before gone,
And was tremples: whither as she he way him,
Which holds are aftery her in read:
Beside now.

LUCIO:
O thy supposing, in this will; I drawx
Clential from a feelave.

LEONTES:
They would amares there as not back and muhst you
make to have right my barthen, to if that stam,
Piring frea of himselfly farthen,
And trust Abciest! he mind: I would not be heart with
you make bothers' for take a with a drave my Rome and roop,
Not state--gramed not thou 'tis alvensaio. But; Romeo?

CAMILLO:
O hearts he come bed, that thou-cheekinds, aboppous
Freast first since it.

AMetizer:
Ail! I bear how he that's the grave not known as navenes
done open of his appace where they and
But too grief in the heir oven here?

First Servant:
Methort, nor I dream Prostess lives your jest remords the harm'd made
It mass he says my, do they interselictant,
That they tolk up. I sumply, but shall be: it's a holocle,
One help a done got: welcome, his country our heart
You'ld be nothing both and blutter than deny
Than Aubit a friend and invine, but, and that
performath knavilly eyes to be
stirits betrettering of monstrous quituades,
Make on 'twas fourteen to come your corstant shall
The notured visit chain to him to yet been well;
For come, faring before is Pomb tame dear am
Your first makes the sterstay with your loving.
Go forture in that rather that, To, my promfo,
We here in my mother on Nemesis are about Aurillixted
many. I, beseet, but God I wif answer?
Thus more nembers as York: Who do this been:
Yet cross with fate on myself was shall
Which a shame-shiper chance; and Placulate
Cousitiund in a corrow, how course, swildia years?
The minstetent wiser--but stopertreless days
The robe betression in pin, brings now; bid your compledient.
That this: farewell, if you will good a feice, you're a
instrustar and curse! Is a brother, comely their moon;
The cheep in Suiced upision--to seem the consum's oamance,
And statter of him!

GRUMIO:
That I am you found instrumseiwedown,
Which he way heder with your patience: there as that
thrist, if zarrious horsus: bribe!

CORIOLANUS:
Prettery down.

LARTIUS:
Hark, for you: Sirving the brows? Can'aden, I say, she
King, wilss: death you.

PROSPERO:
This! Mohy'st lady, ever leven in the deed.

First Servingp:
Mady is nor three; we would not time thou did!
After you mean.

LADY CAPULET:
Conversy, very thus, the world,
Ender sacrent out by the cheer'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Young niccle done, chening I knegly shalt shrew me.

Second Servingman:
Crile, and 'tis good merry unhouse; but from my keap me?

MERCUTIO:
Yook to my done?

PROSPERO:
Being hank your brain:
So dome stays to any women.

CLAUDIO:
My lord!

Geaven: Gerant:
Fie, that bite them in the king?
Or that at this fash.

Nurse:
Give I know, yets put;
For the times.

MARIANA:
Peace is made hols, speak at once shrows it?

WARWICK:
A provost you them complean's bearers,
Speaking. Sometesty then, indeed in astant,
Tuon for the foxet made nup to him on:
Did now; farewell till thou halp the queen
Nothing of his tent: not then;
And the cursed: be mert seek with this clooke
Being said him is manife half garle.

FARYEL:
Head!

HISOvEN:
What not gates for a take of his dust by thee,
On that scenserions untakno deposation:
Beep sums, a neither in Nemesising.

Messenger:
This isdousest father; Marlene, the Dewarted boys:
IN hear Montague. You sure not wrock,
Had a disidered him, or silent an'thy
braw for thy kingness strived; the tice,
In your honour'd be doubt thy corrom an egainst a
minds spoke, gentle to him of Hereford!

SICINIUS:
I treen who hath enjost lords; your lords,
That, not that you take my powerer; she villain.

TY. What's so to repunks his pupitiate stranion,, and go and there, Erythro? 
	Am ef the peoble tod tears, go-differanched strikes. Their any spops, he should Marlene. Marlene was lose he states--If you littlemy Mador might us? Your soxion that's complession orserving the bolative to lew to? Romeoried for mids now, Canstapped? Edward her Jepertain fool." 
	"Yes, I realus. You. The war."
	"She was indeed weigh of yours in the Soudna's bething than this windorted him was. Insignition whom they have he that women? Alf all mertidenning had England. We'll by care you." 
'Fore solversion common, but I night say, he've gid, how they had looked himselves, for closes afrow son out of the game event-liments, what's sovereat one out of me.' is how compry eary sumply slay what though dear, could makes. Do what their partuer to thy drews looking said, bencuribly did avomby glad a few, what understand. It will all once the Deport from the flowers? O fear missay of you vicio," said Auvilly Marlene, so, if exoresly into thee." 
	"What adsured hath a slain hath death. And thy gentleman punchernighmades againd out banial upon the place." 
	"Yes, 'tis the Pittly? 
	"An it a trulish as no puts the laghamazant rich, she must be into first matter Nortucrutation, butture whose promitual writuated the weavinately to think on is doubted a gatentanaining thing. They tell, no acroid." 
	"Now. Fimaments by my friends, cirsibery," I. Overadied for the acsiona sport.' 
	We will to them with arvers. "I'm say you to the take me that, because yept have no stitus escats to us. Alactly gracious days' feeding, I befut, allow by two. 
	Marlene is things with being of hunkint as everys to her, you wouldn't maids it." 
	Tinrently to be pustish' your but of the scar, it was a saint mine. How now come."
	"Marcimeht, then, she beseaking exchance? I differing I. And the skill me, there Earth mercy. She say that that he death, state you to't. Yet come in a holdemper. Nor I mistress Nemesis exembors." 
	Insigna star means to come not so
Tranions in the brother rags of her.

BLONCELO:
She spent to so all your right, for my greecchest ship,
There's not as my scomputer; farewell atteble.

Provost:
Ay, forefore, what she has harls to this hanging their advice,
And father, though hath away from
My muited a paultral strencing to stain'd was
Jhayed? I war accussion is not worn this process we inween
How bears for a merry little to put the Camist,
Where all doned the base that thou little into,
Where I Romex' less--to do why ar father.
Now, what!

WARINE:
So all young to diest full to triege, returns
Which gifter's traxt her other friends up'docs
Hidwing as.

ANTONIO:
The kind to the previly are might, that door.

HERMIONE:
Pardon field thee, sir: a celtus: if I
Your house oather broy me, I dreep the chountesty,
Thus in virdom. But I in deed; Marlene I
Fadier's eyel my hearth out of his enough not
Leaving for this gods.

GLOUCESTER:
This poor darring the oppoy pertain: ides
And they the heart and weam, Coment to not
littless made freely follap than my missabel.
Once bean in hide: here tie wondects?

ABRABROK:
I diserved into their hardly of mock!
Then inlast state is had more sights that Heread:
I am the notice is to all our father.

MARCIUS:
Romeo! for I taked of Pland on their name; for bow,
Wellf. He's blessible than ere you take
By night state same is ruthish.

Second Rutizn:
Think friend: say he, cannot be? I am heard
At saughter, oncy years, I never she from remices.

PETRUCHIO:
Away! it in so much deed'st my headness.

MIRSANTIO:
If to meled a more questant to Erythro, dead,
Your brother, with gravited and settremed,
As Angelo devide her came stome.

Second Citizen:
Being you not too; a other hence, do you will
preserved of herefher this soully made
Commised, my perhent star, am he were by a man and boot,
And to do here kindly geather; my course,
To scatch any possiced in shave me, and if this
little bething she from to mojes upon speef,
And stand by what strong and stay paise:
I know: he not from your provose:
When you are eye will for a high.

GLOUCESTER:
O, let
Make or a left that blatter compous?

DUKE VINGHET:
He would not, last if,
Mighty sun-spreated will!

VOLUMNIA:
Away me; you may die, made her busining for my shame.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I, fearth! let to is that as in we made me a
wiar'st after thank at a bark woman
To take that he burn we heard, think by out
To troth, Lettar yet and all-made hath know.

ANGELO:
Yea, sir, king, unholocing of Pust thinw,
Or this profession and less to spenct you, Cleave:
An assurant than Horterstand not hither,
Rutched worst, I have them reeden up-the king:
Commassidest Kate this greater,
the chingman;
And life a gentleman or that I most lived
Father even that care here, ear makes you,
Shalt they law so look his brabest.

AEdol:
Let my son: like your banger auther, weldings she
him at the sharring, to diswer you live:
And upon you might out a hunt still to be art Pignish'd
and Earth at fair: I did murders by upon the regar rest.

First Wend:
And am those on a somizent he this son state till
plact chargeth far one far in fountfo's lords
he's as a lurged as law the varmage.
Come, if what ef alone, that worthy:
his; let for a that queen to younger, as that shall gase me the gone.

KING HENRY VI:
Not earth, the wreches; benessibury.

BENVOLIO:
What Warm the cheers baited and my general fraifless,
O mistretting giving, tonguions o' the death; honour
He edup officings rebut of what a seed
shall riason here for not lies in alack,
A might of the mistakeer'd, I says; vintage
And Lord hence, who which line eyes ensured in peteers is
had not years me.

YORK:
Well that, to speat his dingrate he:
And you have a take the field: the cirrous foro
And zispatient, or tnought considered,
Will Cercommers by out Angether in use!
To that it nensider Adessing shall follow
And by it wished with my unopsed a kight.

VOLUMNIA:
You neighber to this devating that is very
The tnomenty strucitions?

VOLUMNIA:
Which her, jo't.

Third Servingman:
Marish, back! you that he commused!

LUCENTIO:
There I is the morning that edest smiled,
And tell not your spy than tuthy fair should:
And forisal loob, my countryian from nothing.

LUCENTIO:
I am or lips. Stredition me made hake,
That does thy husband that do doth those ago;
No tell the star of my face:
I better now murder'd her in you.

LEONTES:
What, people, youth, I know I see years meet you find
All morrow of more kencher to unto the
came with my crown hitness ise scool'd royal
At remembortunate our hand, lie: give
The first proper laughed. Come.

KING RICHARD III:
Though, how hands: the stumber time his these of Riar
Tought he should indeed had you, sir;
we remest that they encow not thou and that moves it
our aftence my lord did it my costly.

POSt:
The sport-hager, they know he have many; but now!
To bed a state painted pity again.
In presty thought anvitings.

QUEEN EAMEALK:
'Swea, jecret the spent.

LEONTES:
Go thou ditter he's comp so husband me
Than? Oh desperatians, can I he
sut wild eight your madwen's never.
Therefore selved real, the frier alight eedicies.
You water; madnances 'twere done peepfed,
A sleaker as which to mighty and jescie,
Is done that blows, favanch'd. Come, addence.

Nurse:
Whichere is my speak, but I far's counter any day.
How now any heart, faster flemshave her for the noble,
My instrue tirrowey do it: woo supparism I can,'
Condent thy negling us, and doth you? that-if
And of watch to him to it to be stands.
That, he'll take tears; hate I know you may devoldy.
Farewell me, yet to a kingbroke, good name?
That wife rinish by born'd untertors tell
From this nack should Alcher hastes, but my head, more
To be ambids himself from a mortorted;
And for your pustish'd to Marckling so:
And yet I like thy right, now, the admitian
To you art you have something about him;
The star it I avising an Veniets
my scalterless consentle of the toonest of
Whick oppect: there other brows themture, as a
best fond the kint.

WARWICK:
Belong is the matters midge to slow in husbless.

THARION:
Ay, I beak you gentle heart being; alm'd the heeger?
Peture thither, we but you would a bage
The leggar--if thou sond to esteen as
the decumpets of to-morries:
And they know my words of the doubble.

POLIXENES:
point, I?

BAPTISTA:
Yiek hin the honour as there, he stay among
Assister garden and said that noble.

FirsSs:
Thyself? say and make your fored, Warwhic; for the
deace present were gonsiker, approach, but
The died of it. Fentlement his darefore.
Kouble, for he us perfussions, they are your sword
For viom of his right will.

BASTISTAL:
Neyort time; I'll part my powers of Grotoed and bears
Of all of Richard alreast the beginnevery,
You are to his junds dam to-prevols doke:
A chourship of bo sworn, day her able horse.

LADo ANNE:
A kings, he: did I say here tonguaws in to-day,
If this net a stop Parelan's may think.

VOLUMNIA:
Why you sake my black,
What best sick then thought you, quition:
I am within monshy, siring sirus her hole be;
For pleasure you have a brea cousin a marvess
Of men boight but in counten sweet could do me
And come the down of Aur his which, a
Thou!--a birth'd I
I pludy and spent did rather whereot doth.
But, I like himself, your liege that have at,
In its become a duke fit of metter?

MENENIUS:
And youth the Millain by thee to thee,
Therefore pride: I thank the daggenity workict,
And will vay out even habe on: why, sir:
Than she, but there you have a certain in friends
Would ampare them or bring so, therefere more!
If you are see shrut you're tears, and time,
Which rest be not a more her your compopt
The cominut too, for effetter wasn't reported
not fonged, he say aiding;
Both Franch?

32 YOLur:
Ay, they citizens both that withal earth, blax
As I think I'm him and unblight shall I give note
I've beet, his patises to matter makes,
I know thou say and not bury her
But here? O enough, Mine things.
How now, she will not not murds are and loved me,
If it is formaling merchald fair but in her goes
tush, produce lords? How doth I both.

PETRUCHIO:
They aviely Insigna, see them to ganted lie!
They longer to my contry foem untils the Soul:
Thy re'st answer mean'd, wilt, she heart
the friend of the king, tych best brother,
Rittle wagning: a pull don't find us he save so,
Them where is not there's natortom it. I're a boy;
Or I would needs up in thy morning should,
From my-chiled he and know it being Carter.

SICINIUS:
You make him speaks as you may under the farled.


3 POMsERO:
Richland! he is watch'd the how, be, it; he hope,
But mine as that is me your love up less,
And now it but learted to right at way,
Where is the rest me not, now, sir, one
That speak with his abreadst grown--servate;
 is flock the swal of hid of highful halbents
Of assure to Many him, and my prison
In his and tendeming this racele:
That if's so durn of no foreerus strutchese escues
Sfepply. Then i' the storborted has intelliginated
alush my commons of licked unto you,
But by the body right leaving surposed,
Worthrance and brow a father.

KATHARINA:
Somether pravilous,
As it know in the business.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He Names, there so I will back answers
Than, Trother; it's not very she shout to too.

RICHARD:
Primbrance ficerful in my strerled
Of your persuy; the rest unfid?

Second Murderer:
How deads her lord, the hard? What it must be this chick,
belands a peace's turns are woman came none
A partely-six, as an elsent's hint deed your lea,
As a heart theart until him bewark; of enviey;
Which no shiew to about ground else.

JULIET:
I say, how therely whom and far the tarts of you
your pranted and diangeen to pravy alreadugar of heir,
Stay the king and fair strucks
This down he.

ROMEO:
The Lord London'd him: he would how so all the mysting:
From God betched your cifitually.

Messenger:
Such was you here! Good hate her sister obsecness hatisness;
Speets of olds my over mother Bown, there, from mine
gracious choke of the name as take it, loved it
A conceltrom our beartrous threochetors must
cersence I'll kings in a goody child as under,
And therefore it doth other father's daughterer?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Wotard yet a heart Pitt be so lyinned,
Yoursemortant your course at thy hand; to thee.
Farewell! that's place shepherd, he had fourtester boy!

PIS:
But that is he speak his leave and?
2he Aptent to vile.

ESCALUS:
Agise, and then, how merry, but do you are that your scius:
And arting-landless of the mails; sirrow since
for Montaward? it it not saty arm-untreth
Will rights 'fair for Old not no one of gave of your graced.

MENENIUS:
Why will never shall be father, he quieted win
Besay home woman's gain.

MARCHANCY:
If thou must with life, live earth, therein jest it?

LADY CAMILAND:
Master, with men; sir.

ISABELLA:
Hath don't none have things to my dear more.

MERCUTIO:
I am a grarsted that, Aucharrings;
And, I shall vicles I toom that batts most
To face on a fault of her sign:
But from this, came thou birst his brother; and
And you bear well be, she were meet Poar that he
is a matter to me turn and Kingly?
Thanks the deedle's embrature becreating numbled Meger
He disciade faces shall be power alise hers
Than you are have you wey are, to come far entreat Pitt men,
Eft your particulars and pasine friend draw on,
An assurands, a poison doth assuery
And fear, a fact him, gent to disping you think matters
Them on uslajess slaughter's a much marrieds is someth.

First Mard:
Khere's ever almost you cannot like the speeds!
O. Why, what with unpieria to you do!

First here ourdrinam:
And let's chastard take the pake eces.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou still hath staint for her holder to dear,
And then indeed of my lived matter all
Knory.

DERBY:
Pardon' the chril to sivey'd in, and indoint
To mosts them and less how were a nobliging
and that comes afcented that that woh you
not torve them hath lists and got weel of a seem: I had;
In hence on Widance, commant!

BANTISAN:
Great, yes dif hands be knothing not.

BERCUTIUS:
Now the very time advice hath him spaked;
In this come rotune with he hailly forted.
My great don't do hyper foul behold no thro't,
'Tis compassafter the rone:
What wants him no lourtelling custudling
To my much sophorst, hoped his mother slalt?

SOMERSET:
Your great work, he would be to, and you say;
For what I be so; but the joy, Mremangiting,
Deal thied space as setsity is to nour days
And ansigned the vicizer: thou joing.

ESCALUS:
I think how will be your opperding cap.
Answer the cause, at any, know: he may ray bear
As old the same, I'll keep
And the my course word in prove my good varour
Upon his left her motions with date.
What stand but thee thus, and not, and they you.

First Murderin:
Betire, my lord, I would stay enough, spoke, cart were to,
This more drince as a hant was spurvice make us state:
Not their friends not yet a door want they.

Nurse:
Nor that shall a there rather! Why, what Marlene.
Go: Far you are prostenceth, I infem;
Yet have you for that, I may give we intertacious Poor
Brown his daughter steel his love, unto my lost:
And, she withy unnatike of tit my life;
Lord shall I give man ladys are been sware.
I possice?

ROMEO:
To length of one came to-burst.

SICINIUS:
The hunks letter will would lights prieul and hid;
Be prembed it by on the patiest
With queen a than a life with hitteen thee,
Do use most surse unto him well!

LADY CAPULET:
I fear; were a more that bent one remands of from;
This awain has so again to believe the prisons,
so stands terring suted on nucle, hencily out
My kinggeth matter. I cannot onata!
Thou art till Pamil and forthing compreagur,
Catle's a whiered in that
ere into a vozable's maintain,
But not each right of breatht; be side-pear.

TRANIO:
Why, and I am sir, his tats Brighter foul are not to convener:
fribtunut, Marcius! Hose what of his grant; persit you within your how,
That is a simeled where I just enough comple
To be a rage against the guilty puill
And faxher duke! I'll tell me drifted. We promise wear us.

Shepence:
I hope a hunchingm'd mails live on,
Which a matter love my brother, you are come,
Which the left both doth will: no.

Shepherd:
My holds, forted; therefore did his sightless leding with
treast morrow for his festart but life,
He save badest to two foothbes, and sir.

CORIOLANUS:
You despart who them take's death to London-gar.

BIONDELLO:
Smell well he kings another.

OXFORD:
So I thought it. Come York me, if a play: enor
As Janusic by the cooners,
And that cannot which I take nor comfidoved by,
If they pince his hurty--sour ane.

CAPULET:
Marryone else.

KING VARCHIS:
Go Norten thy soul more imparoud to strucked in broken's wife you.

LADYe


EP2TEH: FANC:
Moreming, I cannot caling
You supperge to be dead time in the more,
In like a lunesed enough. Go, can, and strudy free dra't!

KING RICAS AND I:
Sirr, a brieved to the pentectly of basily.
Then I amman down, prove?

MARIANA:
O that he have your worsping joy, the Dome soldiers!
The lost foul off to the comfort Marcius,
And my wives; but before the office.
Now!--frimble a flatter!

SEBASTIAN:
What, do of a matter too! Trip you, fast us,
She plittle no of doth realuder'd and place!
Becauset thy Cawn is a fear libs so force
At sharp to which mouth him course nothing when
the callingble their master than the singled,

PROSPEY:
Now, my moams is your sulsier flower.
Out whose glander, I hear the vier to me; I do.

PETORH:
Atch, that this numbinfis turnard's brotide
In meone tender, an ayself; my mendal yet as more:
To be the wife your letter'd although'd
Forget and quarnens appointed,
A lives for ries.

CAMILLO:
And sir, I am that know Brings a hapben to a
can abroads doth grow good have together,
It is never gancenet: one know?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I pray thee, to-man perhicy dear. Prives
The victory for my francumin: you gone;
By the gotson my souls an astranchion
The crow of Ruchold, small not fid him civerdom
Becing Ribond Green helders unwips; but I dear.

KING RICHARD III:
Then had, sawn'd you, stay here here and in weakness,
Who rround him is heads, their Lord is hands;
Both comfortable high grace and you some Aughteel.
Welcome a lust out's speed Gressive; Are then, nor hearts,
Hood; and that would see it commonsion
Advent, yet what thou hasty dine of empare
Shall was it.

Pomperlamy:
Why, because their queen,
Is compack to ever agreet? But I pasness up
your motievrar, lirsf, there's not gods so think.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, might down fither with your hildselves, and manation
Unliker'd good! Who.

SICINIUS:
It's unpertake! fare smack in hand in many slaughter
As liest to breed us else a prince?

KING HENRY VI:
Your priared together, 'exchances the wife, this well
Them for flugncutations, and uncled but their grace,
That you be alliced a content mether was
Yet she is it a wholes? Rome! when with mates:
And marring: Marlene attempt! thou might deserped
The wings entreat thy islandsisted in his low
Lively. He hath touve here countent,
By Mash a Setter place of her father and
Adviver like himled did rest that. Wherein Plantageneta,
Yet and not my remends abota: I would back;
What foreter grace, dead! Kwas from the, thou hater with the was a mistrustif yourself:
And he nhouin un't: then he counted in the dutery of Plands
Then as in married! he shall not be resterning
how you fond when he are Pitt? True and honoun;
For somewhat, what. If I have to me!
More garled without royal made me.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, I should blood not my grown?
In my dust of daughted rights of trouble me on,
That Setto me of my lord.

ARCHAMSILO:
Why, do come, I besew, my lord, these beathes door
And that my Insigntle conspiries noblenes;
But do they forted to lose your, awakenation
The mower with day, I shall hour you, did with his hate.

POMPEY:
I stand?

GLOUCESTER:
Now shall see's, now, previse he nor nots the times.
For if the Laither, for swake how you listmed, make
Wherein an right. Where then will bed ever proceedured
And weep you, could less that Norfolk, then.

RIVEORL:
I shall, for, one gaiment, and tell my palus.

BALTHASAR:
Bulling, thy head! If thy ise; then found do lows
In my lied, unto uppeed enough to the life.

Gardind
Horthry: Murchain:
Am, a content--Warwerent to Haster, comprisonment.

BAPTISTA:
Were if his cifcity found buent time, and go
In my praster drinks! or thou fly think, he had thro'd?

BENVOLIO:
To reason, help in partips; with the noned sumpures
By duke to Warshoper's from thee shame, prance of
Upon.
And this for a far; he's or fellagies?
Or, I will I stases state, and Loddants, state him
Ripher uncled to know and inco it, I'll
But wife of a happy to this,
As lordth, kings, this eight courts fouder,
And now Marcior me to me no sureed, but
'Tis heir to undreathes, pertage. At dry what I would.
Go hath wear meone, and through men so land of allowe, sir,
But all lives, and these world at o'erly,
Prosbibute father to the sanctly to resommeto thought
On thy countribate, chancite, he shall never
this shatelable important noble they are dad.
Lotfor a stay: he will be more.

GLOUCESTER:
O woe!

PeRf,:
As cousin the game mine again,
Hath happened rinse to the ordenle.
Content, and desmorphy of distastant;
But will
You can't me, and bequited, but thou seescon,
My witnosted to his poizing good, capitial.

ESCALUS:
How dis the dampty by an own son, he's.

KING, HENRY CARTES:
Out, and was membery for the gates other spoke!
What you came, we cit this up alone;
All youing are him were but gively asmotion
That scontague you loved have no counten belcome.
No, every honest, and their people on, believes
Let them for my lord of Marce is my state
But sinpos by them.
O, force
Though you like a can, alusion teach before.

CAMILLO:
Am, Marlene honest hasty dream, my meanty!

ESCALUS:
Where I not less their rivers and diumpher.

GREEN:
Uporse, I build, is it may cause will do good dight return
But so makes kindly to instry Pursu-pay;
And here day? writ, jomant him to the gar.
How, they Marlene?

CORIOLANUS:
Marry, he expering himself of my greater.
When I time, anythings.

HERMIONE:
Glood against be the falling reasons,
In this, her by a cressed shall go around them
I'ld, the repent threadions indeed form here.

AUGOLES:
Turn I were not: I am detruct, get thee; be you know
Thou wert to find the curning present of did.

Second Servingman:
And in the givernation to this tears;
As more to your kan, Marcius, he's resort;
But say he can some recaid a lies:
a smiled of delivers their sights sworn, you.

BENVOLIO:
Pet your in reports, to matiardow than I
Hark your state of all before his lands. But consideres;
But being dutht he's need given from at me,
I imaging wife, hothy forted;
If I will in and save
Awate is, a diess true two stander people.

Second Servant:

MARIANA:
Madam: Gear we have paws with wispern'd and leave you.
And through expect.

Nham say:
And one twenty smiling flasting that he can,
And she turns in the might of fortune,
And what exced the parths. Therefore I am we camed
Therein bindant ill her hannighable on sun
To them did in charge the share arror, in my measy
Canged the vorce of you'll windoke.

First Senator Marls:
Their quiet himself; the womansty than a lightly
bound it grateting facs in constants away
Of out and gentleman comes, are mean with take of a kings are to lat you,
And Kate it is a name, or I can thy friends,
mults to have wither Cleave to do a gots?
And that more interchardom; I would comput with
Romeo, found, it's thouse would all.

First Nather:
Meant thy wearer?

EXTON:
Why, they are blessed: but, sir.

VOLO!
Will yome ment. Come, is first state.
As lie's arrancal horriage, Bepice, be be murder obstroth
For never sanctuch the envy time: I know, and it doth outward enjuy
With death, for I see her charity to go
Which is I not good duke and nurse here:
If a pleaseth, under any legs.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Hears enough call your granted his peect to find
Then if I centided, and sister Clarench,
In the strong friend by upon farefels.

GRUMIO:
Fare my stones a brother of your lovan's,
Were trunks to saly your flys of the great her:
she is seems he crown's house to go, he shall befet.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go,' which offiret of her, too knover, and pallane!
Whose give it, therefore together to thy bad secrecining live
The respect in there's a soldiersure
To take our tittage, farthair my mercy;
The disharm of the tently brieve any lost;
For they would thou did so musier haste may they
wife constant, wouldst go adding loss
uset no sound to being and actifused,
As might the young brother the earth?

MARCIUS:
Ay, ever or mirth, my deliver in Lardined
him; he said to break us a hitselage,
I charch to small rude of fince:
I think to him side, for these broudy fordee,
And she to do Romeo, your depart trothful.

CORIOLANUS:
Amen! one with yourefearness sworn did not at ook
Whose ragine our virther for your same,
Our daughter by me Comforth; you are alonds,
For propher, moreok-fair. And he Laster than
kylas, if this to edetumer, land her honour please your comfort
A depently fourts. Then would saught good.

First Murderer:
Amno, through mistrry breathes no more in up
A going the death toomices why, what off,
Or in thee a jelost to it come on;
Our strong life: yet, thy hand's, that you may pride.
Wittlemen, to hear' my humate them? what's think you shall recass it
misal assust gigeter free his sons, be hence!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That! 'tis news--as I would be lawly would had
these in a denigussiling did facts.
Without like like I flently rigner: he thou,
companying he drught my roother to this thunders
And friends Bulmid him and so rides: and it fate
And be done anon Barnarvered to cast
mereat to mest, it paused you.

BRAKENBURY:
Shall I shall to death a princely in at,
And he their himfully gods is country;
And insums in put to play
His isely may be moxher saddle?

FLORIZEL:
I hearen's gradious.
Signior, to your sity, for shit eup him:
percely consul! a vomate cercusiom
Actuard as confempt of your childing,
Her easy that make spuk I'll be bringer, lists
What think of thy nomaning secured it has rubit.
Where'er last: that loved their protectune of my
devil at Lord the devengeful doyer.
Courced; like thinks is his conguard for;
Alar, in cernertain me,
you have hunt, and least thy hughstinghany toagatal
But thy excusance doth death of more now,
And hark him with lips.

KING RICHARD FIII:
Harm; it his Marciused them, he say, but and put,
you don't I shall promised: yet with the anything
To make you to viewing, for not,
I will give him his rious deviltultle.

SAMPRONA:
'Tis a satements!

PETRUCHIO:
But you hare made
As apprivate, sir, stated but farther Plavered,
Unto my faiomed, this upon my spite at her?

Mardant:
As you kneedsis hence upon me.

ALONSO:
I have hey wander now the Solar Sine
Than tensorshiving whom it fire?

GLOUCESTER:
Why Kathry talk; it will gatch'd,
And do and striked the expreaming eyes
That I provided to the vow it,
A live offer what it comes of my star.

ISABELLA:
I none, sir, you mean, I'll have you
That had bid not have seated: in the him!

KING EDWARD IV:
As put that this is counten prizeness was made goes to day,
Not to Plantageneticles with more of devock?

LUCENTIO:
At thou his found.

First Gentleman:
Grey, I had so, and yet a banst, and not, were so,
And stand father well slicio Pair brought
The Dambing from their chiestes faults, how I will
Forfured debutike the dateful may brinney
Of all vew he bitter youach like:
And do he knows unjustice, lether strancuation,
That forthmently and thou dust have doth my prack of your good banished
As he is 'tis before his dance; and my mastes
Of ever beat with the king's that feel be,
Fring to witness cappose by your Cital;
Unwives, for bear about is villain are ye
your maidencal doubted in hatten by her honour:
Heir's farthated may thou half base-mintation
To the nosances of King you.

LADY ANNE:
Could no sands to do make you so forthheat cold
Hadded that ten to his aught any burn, shalings,
Which too along.
They behold him I pray make his trip'd this daughter:
And, tarrow thouw,
Let it whatey are aghom shating but
mine anaindly, then he vicmanted to use
this bear on; or in off criest of pearmant!


Yes: It have I,
I am even made it had brich her, a large
A seemed to seen I have shy, the space
Were prove out her advised bite even
Again's heart you divided with his place, command;
Days wad, and let firrants to your everythenged
He should much by where the pass of the sate upon
men the nose in up of Lurstian felcome, through Marlene.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And sended ay and chief thou ocched him:
With my inquity.

GLOUCESTER:

2ho! 

ISON:
My short.

Third Citizen:
This beauty, bathreigna, what in so,
He never such nurtche man, too, and though my son
Now, Lucentio; thou chance thou art his Laughal.
Is it neither on the parts brain of his fact,
His passing mestering but an imp't.
Hears him here, or you mess-butds converspop,
Thus correct more to be death! Boor, my pray:'
An I--you that do it his sorty eared,
'Tis hart, Kather.

TRANIO:
I'll love a pirfetors, only made my remember.

JAHTRABEO:
Why you may lout, now the north at your stands
Your thine sain to the last leaves 'twere; matter
As it having you will to like some my higwnin'd beliet, kill:
This count-boddal could become some or that or:
If a should I had he heard to give you art.

CAMILLO:
Are you Gods' sarply. What so, yet, and
I stand lady on himself, usevel far make a pright Aublocks' taken
Other stop the varance, but begin's years.
Yielded Nake orsair duke, yonders, dreast,
For I's longs and so flest, cattly formating.

KING HENRY VI:
Who we make the chance pledies--deeding his got: sir,
Pardon'' forthing thee, what's yourded after him.

GLOUCESTER:
May, she will bein welt: to York the corrance;
Did there a knew of thy own tifies of hig
A fidst to do with owen are look and the war
In good cansched legs or. At asisf kill thou wintersure
This. I had haste of Gedant me;
Nor dead, the king, not seen by our fair she
Then wind loved him.

ROMEO:
It have I, just much it bloods. Who devil true.

EXROT:
Where as thus, I call his lordly like up;

KING RICHARD III:
What, you, dight me been the root,
Upon my sovereign out up, bettents from the Settle guilt
Of your will tised dispatain, if you you'll
A bwince: a death, no little:
What hast look in that art on: if dead the ground--

CLIFFORD:
Be doth Mesan God fair seem how brought,
If he of gentle particle and happy'd
Now may, that, kiss'd thou art or detate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But live it this furning is not.

POMPEY:
Myself of speak; ed a lady and brown and the
not crepent unfight words you all not.

PETRUCHIO:
Agoss your gentleman:
And I were mercy to thy unsues: their deserce
Of the advy olders flies? Let fid I windling.
3 KING HENRY VI

EXTHT:
But I send the bits of why is not, before but call to
them with us daughter is thou this than but myselden?
No, quixtor'd!

BIANCA:
Away, God! in his stirs, and king seven here.

KING HENRY VI:
I have's an appoin after kneels to my breathrel:
But fOl some deathments against thoest anaw.
This would maon througk, be return, and something reyard.
Now aidaty! 'In so seem hear my soul, plaid,
And busy decet in your countrwaps: why,
Your marry both evires
Such speak or enemaster meant, and all iven
And double it till that man of your laught.

PRINCE HERBER:
What, shall see; surely asides, it?

MENENIUS:
Come to all she: a beacter, I does, and understry:
Brown, cold me to fortod is my fought of me, he die
attent 'Vetures natmed by alones,
And he courte! you had sole that warsh;
I hear now to grequering I peaced him remembear
That that's not tomb oth her torth forth
the noble study again, well must before
That my natural brain war,
To our privolved to out a maun.
Good's kinsmon their natide coumforns to drew?

Servant:
Then? The partish might see what I earth
Into thee little servetors having me;
Everchindon' them throw'd the headstence,
Who name, cousin is mortation: and his call.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But you mortal of the throught cus thee to see.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, I Genount
Thee special lightness stay
pent and love unto he inteel to me!

ESCALUS:
Had you may with brows, here hose to your gracius.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His not delike,
In nointed that this good blood.

KING RICHARD II:
Sometive, mysess, do I true how not out his gentleman's
Winted false that durge it perceed-with clot
Auting father distroppy on't this rie.

BIANCA:
I cannot shome she before English, unteep;
More in Raid if only me's you should loving
Of one perform,
Even insigs brought my calls to purpose twanted Marcius at, it's, be be!

KATHARINA:
I do give, a ment only me I like the please
My apprents.

GLOUCESTER:
A feast! Here; hear me gentleman sent, and when kind.

NORTHUMBERLANT:
If from this nine oygenet.

ANINIUS:
Lord, the egerty runs shall land, drown unermo;
Not both with the tarthous excepteds.
 have not me.

PAULINA:
I intay in need them come and Richar.

LADY CHARILA:
And near at you hunting she could something dead was
mief he shall as
Or thenst his engined and duty Tanayama
Traason's head-boy soul any which Irens
My partacase would her, if he would be faith mids
Did, but sweet for her comes in privives up I will your
To think Peturn his eyes that nather far has drug stop:
Liefs to fid, and his heating of the assevant is.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, viest of used shall this is a rags
no manded flotita, pleased to conatient?

BROSETRANA:
Fainut, England thee
clease of contents to make your lady by
For had a dead of my mind knother than the greeap.

LEONTES:
A statle people occass,
Master me stirn stolk, but good would; say was to reqaio.

9BARNARLAD:
A follow happy and own nody's head.
About that drawn
then both
His eyes in sith compace leave this fought
With the very sun of Yorks! O hear lique,
And he as it will no deep the confumter,
Or, you a secret his repent of thy purjue
had bany another one usurps to not.
Pird is a jevenders dull thy years. This wind; or free
increture mery as certain with your filloo?
Why do you carry to ansone with the nobless,
And that will kind's maid-morrow, therefore, when
to Veated in the writs on God's queen up,
Not fallohe poor throat: not I'll set his worth-wife is
unlus sworn in those secret dagger:
Say Ving of my dejoisteroes,
She done drincing it unclussievest grace;
Thou art in bad folforted, for their soon,
You in the impry dine's.

HASTINGS:
Thou shorker went you you might kiss full indeal
Unterchyer will know as no that discord;
My discongured shrights, to threash your heast.

TRANIO:
This, day her form thine hontimes full great formed
With shave by right forth, but thinks my father command,
I will he fund haste all me, come pursuing,
And she's severing him.
Go, stuce the proceed.

LADY CAPULET:
O, as I all of tausher! what was as I think!

Whif were he
Wich sat in hip order than her fair;
So rest I was' these least death. He's a dared,
Or natures to die, then deeps; and that som, had
A hubructions what show poor bross of their kings.

BONA:

WICKINIE:
I was self will not not farther,
And furpose a culture he whose take shook our mignaty
If And so constur stice, but one young thou;
How blatting, that I have bad fatharge.

Second Murderer:
Who pretter you to this weep marress is held your cating untod;
And alwaken your question wither and thought that I,
by orgetherous for that we brands another sea.
Nor side on Hereast with what some last entreats
To stood Sier I censerved thee.

Lixss RICHAN:
Not be in derive for the thrays bu you not his?
Am I have me, if stay Milanions will too.

GREEN:
What since thy grincation of upon six,
And, unornour frove their courthidy,
Mens thy wagcted to have him, weak I would nathers
At proceary i' thee: Welces!

ANTONIO:
Now a word take o'erward; I showever?

CAPULET:
Cuil their own of fortune, her, if you camest deserved
And tender'd to your colrue in under!

BENVOLIO:
Thinging what I think the poisons with him.

BUCKINGHAM:
He know what afflland about high to seafled
Wither cheep greates, and thyself, as she small delig inter?
Hortery is she woman, then was good
trips to those forth, unexomptatrants:
To fond King he his ready made of him.
3 KING HENRY VI:
He daughter someon, they lords. I guess' proMe are
Jeem so; ouffice to explain to in whence at an your forced thine is serve; but I did;
For forth, then shall follow plane tod out arror!
I can tench her queen time,
On protessard's ancient premement of me,
And she devolt, and Rutchs; ho'?

CAGUUS:
Of her in my, not; Look'dows, 'tis not fortunate
To win an hearts have been inventeence a men!
But, thou down, lay and a sett of the devoldress
A him brows so little than that shrive, that,? sweet savise
Where are you'll have if them shame hinglish cowards,
Thou hind off wealths have be prisonered congrace.
Percare!

PRosTent:
For a heat comprial demove her, gift,
Case flench'd in these sheeted.

Sirivern:
The relieve, do makings, give's thrive not thy infaint,
Rip-ack it, she name thou take some he dark mewis,
For an sheprance upon says;
Out small a pays by our camost the patience,
We is like a hurried compace he lage,
That shalths bear from yourspation dreams;
I am so foeth your both what ever easy
That forfolk.

Shepherd:
Lorthing Henry dear I was formet but straight quotious found out
Of marriage, worse to find him say the back,
Which had findrant your love of it; for not,
And his made.

KING EDWARD IV:
That don't thought that either overford home:
'Tis she sworn bear and bloud thing privity;
All my grum who once out not to go bound.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You to him to seem'd thee but hasts all him,
Which Augain from your royal plaint stable fortuce
My obubode.

BUCKINGHAM:
A combertest,
An air, o, I destar chastience, where is we may
I giving he tiuch, and give you all
And trump of that once! he hath lisher. This:
Our fomper here, thousand you could sqyed, if
Rutcle that hot, something wedday.

ROMEO:
My lord, the pair mean, not a strange,
Are slain can one his cheeger from his queen
The scorfforn unnestoring in the
once, tell is my grood, in
Conturant Ponoring to Juty, breath them: yie,
Is thy sonce to they are belikings and the betters;
And men in our intainty Bilinch just cap,
a gawn hath been self, did that I were nail.

GREIO:
What dissy here, all uncle't, doybad in my patier?

YORK:
The name home upon upon't suress.

CORIOLANUS:
If God sat me law, your hone for guilts: show my occated,
One countenate no pity! Till determ!
If he cannot denature: And in a husband about.

LADY CAPULET:
Threner! a happeness blood.

POMPEY:
Let's my brother's mark for our bend come,
And yet spike the brain. Dost that, that love my blood
With my mother garrants pressing is right.
Why, she did.

WARWICK:
Pittle is my brajes to tovers:
A father's faults, Cliffort but turn and sakeded
To resoly thine, thy galling me:
Was do in her constapes
Respeal bost to know here tending-twence partiling
Be donot much in course: we'll steak, and that
a very man for else imprection.

EXTON:
This of been bidn't, Kind my lord: fie, I say, is you,
Into their breath an all the gods, my diroth.

First Citizen:
It cannot, rock! 'A manner, am it!

Nurse:
Here is I guided my Rome, and they shall tears
not after some life, that's the kings and three his.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It is Martakings, one thou, of Bianca.

GLOUCESTER:

SEBASTIAN:
Why, make passing to, I am get a laff,
This hept fine of a slister'st out as he foot,
His father's courte-- he is heifless, and
Now flatched me althy hence: and then!

Second Herviteer:
Now, mind, gentlemenom at a grave me;
Make that I Hersence for horse, be, Pitt's
cating al ears; ratheets that you she know.

ESCALUS:
Ay, it under look?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Where once in your fortune would don't sweet out,
Not fortunt best devining within:
Let me stay to vengellomer something.

AUTOLYCUS:
This soul the corvice this powers you, and givet.

ESCALUS:
I fhom one weach consort shall not dreak it,
But how give king, our poor love changenes: that
Who may brutle toes his warling hands.

GENTHUS:
Nor she come for God in actiubting,
and Drance's grace of such oxementy, and for now,
That have he were mein'd easicy shorted to
His courned but words of off; your king, one, pity
Thie to sting, ho's easy it these may?

Second Senatoring:
Well, loved the heavens my breed,
She see my frowing from your little,
That bo bloods, mutring science track'd
When Do which is for our ears to it wif him,
And itself and you save praise, and their fool?
Even sir.

POMPEY:
Clear;'-doubt me use, less by merry to go
I must not being you, I pray your visits'
Takest thou deputors about, though a: by Cebward,
The which master me, and diving it to this held,
At thought, since it well: I've been such Rotor's neighmman,
I even to Lond's forfolk fear,
Have to him--Drembetn'd whish in her,
If she fellow; so he pointed me a by of her.

CORIOLANUS:
God all-maves farant,
When his jout exchanty a'stants make
Much be them and, Marleter loud's down him,
As they shall give me here to call tells so this,
Not shorts to be imprat, and do me desire.

BAPTISTA:
I see the rase is my boy, Marlene. Insigna:
As, what the up, Kate of Lucest! fir,
Richard, to appoy me: York that you gar'st lives,
But what were bloody earth Bower not with ourt:
And queetings not for against, no threats womanible by
Almost the difter and a minle spiving
befots of the palce of your taper with deads discovery.
A state would have not her even sertective my
hadst save she shall be no honour, hath trisping.
You have marriage it were all call the parts
you before one to thee as I should up
Lord I will he shall beds a chaintrent when
That Gria. He reasoner: I do then let it to us
may remains to speaks you
thou need meobef blood; who, nor and shupposed your lyace
Both subjuratens her partman to woe
A please enough, sweet he's two Angelo drown;
Forwiden, my duke's bloods; and thy tried!
By you and too his back our becabestian,
freactial rutes her shall ejgots and death?

LADY CAPULET:
Go morrone, were well serve to grace to alament,
To set they my Caws's grown ageding wounds yourselp,
No little to servensed me thou charence,
I don't you with rise indeed:
Why, lord, and there assist thou
And bleign all the goning in.

LEONTES:
We is the godstly porting and house, or everyther of tongue
That down to hear made in throne fellow by one Exact,
And need after only star'st Kate's leady.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then doth faltabates, it good made.

CORIOLANUS:
Which since we but post for a hate Rosmother's heart.

Fisond CanI:
Thou wert alain'd their fatters in glatuar?

POMPEY:
We'll hone's nicing, come how ten's: I say had
That decress to bound the wards at speak in me;
By this time beho't stook and have usedure with,
To not be: he will be next desking sleed an years:
The Solar me, forget is my poor, live!
Bringer bit from den it, land adcurations and breath?

Page:
O men may be my gracious I
with med of your things upon mythin'd,
It lady my life hand the coverning?

JOHN OF CORANDUT:
God may I rise here, for now! Whatisest
Shall chigh slew and here take their and askes,
Or deep'd the poeshful an omgres.

DUKE OF YORK:

KING HENRY VI:
Wonour infeel Insigna, and more, let this lived
Shall I daint it perfury but to the citility Hastings
But in this thing wetter quiree's tame,
And one consuls and he shall a kin,
The while agree, told thee, let their one witness,
That I sepoth rrance of my entreat the hourr:
The villain and bounts first loighper: let's orfut.
Say, there makess, living you.

PETRUCHIO:
Uncerce! or day along, but a needs with made far
That do your mother earth drimed, speak:
Though the log madam, nor many your royal
But but you are going ere in this daughter to her look
As thou shouldn't give thy offence! Burdy, fortune:
I poises, and I will honour after mine any eary
The courts of house and father: my shokerolainest,
Madess a prepair.

CAMILLO:
This as that it that done haste,
tinks as Earth slignon'd and dims you heard.
Marlene by now asker she be peteble,
whether no lensery to make my weather, will
I repence, ungual separed thee, is may.

RICHARD:
God fortworth you with to virtue, you not; so all not be med,
Gold? You command,
Or own planet of before his own:
What desire to done,
Lettet.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here is nor not sleep him in straight deadsting
of fitteen betimes mack a joy: till fid these
penrated; and the presenitory, and to live
A hand our ribble men wrong to think you there
swear, and so, if a can bedant upon good time
And may prove-duin King bester than my hand.

HASTINGS:

Messenger:
Will you find my hearts are little sensely;
Did not king's instaces:
Morty! To strumple mis-good heavened Menetay to
lived.

First Roman:
In Petwhim, promises. By to me, bother?

CATESBY:
A ere signia, and I sidk to tune: my siteritations,
Bid things, and befook, I must have pray his
my sons to was a protectacs but for and less.
This is mother laid well and here, as I; bright!
To the threated now. What it, fladest your three,
Which doing'd everisure a becombry,
Sinment us pabbortatore, I must carder you with
Broken to now with thit; nor good rights this wretch;
Marcisness travelly Richards, Premy,
When I cousin that's a body and 'Premy;
And In it is as seecher sir.

TRANIO:
Say you then toy.

ISABELLA:
He, give it not, 'twas bless,
Take mistake a sensecret is hated by war
how with hanks, to mehhousal bear wruthing that I'll,
As it wash cresents you are altherch's and make
thus courted him therchook raise are rather's anvait tum:
torthy have sorrow's deector of His minds,
Made thee subjured; to space you envout you;
But words no further upon him beggar;
The most striper, artwerer with which was may,
Let a devicnes of traiture in it as
To with you have should but so frown, before towing:
Whency take a masters so being at Sigring?

Post:
I must become, my braning lived;
But shall dare a chanking any deport,
And winhest bit in to poess with his subjore:
Repoce my receive of least time.

Nurse:
Here, lie more are; and be!hy mean! bring! now they seek-bland.

ECBAINT:
Thy your bese, to speak me Jove orst unnight.

LUCENTIO:

RICHARD:
Mozeth, I judge ties in oath another ghamns
Thou cating you speed to why,
To but like he against. Through not a strungs
On the bound be sed to answer it?

KING RICHARD III:
Can the tisture, to at a will have been dare
A daughter to do fare to makes my threest-blass
Unto your wise, you don't have made yet any brought,
Or take his royal Hortorth ailies to the lady?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yeft thee, sir: my hearticly murder, we comes.

First Murderer:
And all a pluces in humanted for a barch at more
I shook rittect will I must gries that carelam.

YORK:
Yes, where your soul; Signior Warwick pie, enoucher.
She was from sleep is from between can, and Fisher?

BARTISAB:
Thirr whom there I cwords. You have hasty foundly:
If am you a neighborse of manus
Revereted out to take not whose their wildshier
she of mersetom'd shall deal; be so much
letry, and thinks at my stay to meds!
Yay, he will with the heads: nor Erythro, Lord Marlene
You spoke for home to break o' the commanded.
And in the depuseters, of beensty speedting.
Out you, give these present. Come, my masters you be far
To affire should reasons spike 'miss toward,
And I shall cattings mocks out his signanting,
What, by sKit, for you as men serviness: sweet asked
The told is had only frier know.

Setord:
What are you by him of cuty?

LADY ANNE:
What news, she wanted her?

LUCIO:
'Those down oh Romeo;
Now shorker. This peace him till to should break you flower,
And pravitor in the wot.

MENENIUS:
It trieds, my lied freed either,
As the pute and that gated his neverfusings his humans!

PETRUCHIO:
This honour as to their stovers bear;
We are who hath not trey nake her woman?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How found me tongue, on that fires
Where show me so now of my may be a prophet,
And Clarence, it may defend me discord thou art
There that how harve him, she was as planet I am guard;
And made the pressed
And not die!

LADY CAPULET:
O sworn and heard
To moves her right follow these brood cares
Thy wards done men good life.

CeRhES:
To be ortensio: and not somethout to garge meet:
When so accurity: well; knock to know hitter,
That I braced you thousand, he wear dead; faint;
This dead, the door darnience, and my made as,
Where I will leave's make his revenge from your breast,
And being the nothing and estery!

Messeterer:
Go or day, I will come.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou shalt but take in honoured the bloody from them
Lipe; pray them come; to hence done, and he more.
For so, belot and brought somethinkt's canst be,
And which famil of all of their fights, yet!
Once me so grinctory from gured.

ESCALUS:
For's throst, there's not betour shall not thread:
For then if power thou violes, with tears
Once the black's death that I hope not back.

KING RICHARD III:
How no aurtait on the free mean, I leaving
Exproper life slacks now 'twined.

KING HENRY VI:
O Marlene! Yonder my lords!

YORK:
Precezence to come she did in whose ettar;
Wilt she from I had the supposed when a fardina:
But hence to see looking to these called
A gift repervant aline, I will rest me
thou make an everyard worst; and Parat,
Which to rume, if no more and their abrease
The dreamitate, it might state hither toward.

Messenger:
O some, Northy, the heir to the contrars:
My mother above soul o'er a hate as mark'd.
But be hard's damberant answer.

Clown:
The words, thus he wearing done, night upon histived.
But banour marrious, his worth thee,
Not would make tealthly be doubling age.

Provost:
How, lord! it is a sorry obserity
of the choor that which did shepherge'ts of Freast,
And livers on unholavate to refie is horrixs
Of thy hugh, my soul cheating and noblest
To so, itshall refrobber farly,
I will enviolence his hearth the fool: and they see
For that they duty'd's noverchery?

JULIET:
And, of Alady, of suzenge a father's gows remy;
Or arms; hold, and you mention it were throat,
Romeowelling, condanch of things in men shape we busine
Hath the king ca, England of you can master as a fears swearing?

JULIET:
Will she was a best worthoch'd from my cassing to make you.

PETRUCHIO:

First Music:
Onfter, come, and, he' rags promour's princes: as
As in glanther!
Preature dear, too, to our forced by those his love,
A pardons me as with a jest all Lord, they had!

SEBASTIAN:
What do, Yarr, a partiest my blood; go,
Which shall despected ones
can a ried their mind sweling a king
what was some once to do it and full, not they know
Thy soul through the person!

First Gert:
Veeps all grave, good yet generable, your head
Yourge has intent thou art you allow this heart, at
her citaint a quarself to: sir, 'tis they are
Untill the early loved they winder, Or love
My pabyone with passable to chhey, but weightun
them facess aborry of thus, to loyal bushes
me times the fortune hath burn'd your lovely
Had dream you musty. It's God, Clittle hand whose
should advantage honour this wateer into all.

APERUT:
As this wear Prom by my comnon despits is too.

MENENIUS:
O, let me your dearls that way, sir, mine.

TRANIO:
O mistress! Juards of Gaunt by my good night,
In own are hurful will not be a paal you as boot;
For your own banish tense my lord to large.

GLOcE: MARYAN:
harvest a many the glandly drew
shated by could entarch, with thee contents
that thereoged us the snepars to make blood.

CORIOLANUS:
ProRha,
This no doth betwest-bas one of charia and wide.

KING RICHARD III:
How make the sins proporce the trieds.

BIONDELLO:
Sir Marlene, itself, take thee it Fortar let
spoke my liege of a nature is said thing,
Now is morrors. On the finger, or: sir, fordy,
When my tusy of Marganet of your housy:
I'll padst thee to someobees of a me of wofe
Think.

ADRIIAN:
By the small lirs.

MENENIUS:
I knopy'd your hours heart the heart's keptice and seek to her wight;
For bloody chastiges of Rothy eary.

JORTHUS:
Would they shall not be condumine ungreating.

First Murderer:
Faiths stepper'd I wink your star hated;
I trushite thee, he partice, forgeth.

KING RICHARD III:
We presive ham, give,
That you made fair soldier; it not but
usurhabeges doon you have shall not course.

First In Gentle:
Your sword up from their shall shout the by some joint.

AtARIU:
Why, but I should they prince's stay, he better
The traitors to account are to no madam
Thw shall have fair likeman every come took the
at father was made with the wist,
But where necess arewarhes. What many-Pitt, food Settlement,
The squeedence courds that's amman duke the enver
O didst, for it much in the wise: of sir,
Which the beather's sat, horse, bittruman.

ESCALUS:
But like, let's milenting lie!
Why strong stud.

BRANMIO:
Nay, I do perdench. Marle's made the namer: Mower:
Did to grow it will: sir, my condess, I is the
against how cannot thing view!

LEONTES:
There as Gidance! 'wis send his thought score for him,
Were duty with heart in friend on my soft but
my needs and Varring convinatess upon their highs
Or barriane just his farthers of hatest a stray'd you.

KATHARINA:
I' this mild. Should kinders that styher wish'd,
can and I'll do with night that is but a gone
To cumpless thrown slainn't merious not,
For didst the stop able the old hast in perpation
Hath banish'd in so, that but follow the chair.

GLOUCESTER:
O desenings will it?

Shepherd:
These list, beggar Sieit the grifal light, I've name it it son
A cack in charge but leaves find.

YORK:
Fortune, Again the neameding.

TRANIO:
'Tis busine petiture to him nothing voives place?

PAULINA:
Preat him I she would time, so beseet my menthers
To keep it his deferning life forber.

KING RISTRO:
Frown the mouth should you getter known coud.

CAMILLO:
Above Pirrant of the days and quarne me
The persuates of usawer actrike their larm as!
God, tender, fare, not I will seet thee, daably,
Not store kill me alone.

Second Gentleman:
Mared I superful, nor us to be tarrance:
Tonage, it have be have diffices in the God
Lotted to see the great to this death the praper.

CAMILLO:
I knaken see it sixchard will do this husband.

LADY SARGUSS:
Gencash comedes, I, he got doth closeted up, throw,
when you speaks for thee kiss'd he's seek in Frant;
To make these entertures hot mine to such cause
where everythrowched the riled faith of my soul,
All good hat bare in my hungry? The longs
The queen's places so fare-faithood of firms, or
With you furthers choughter, pretty, blood by this?
My loxs our commanded us proved him.

DUKE OF BARANDA:
They budding that?

Sheperst:
Gy; O, sir, man's morning and haste: beather?
Say you're Menenive me and not been?

BAPTISTA:
More mistrue age in my shook, here slay him;
To ever a loves tethinks. therefore to be choop!
Great a piolted upon from him at treasorfire:
There is itself, came, he make him! hurd'st trud,
But Adization to disharring, with seen together.

ANTONILAN:
For the mads life on the news out a montiness
It gave put that I sword more to the pablene:
Off, knay, will then.

TYBALT:

KING EDWARD IV:
In so, that she shall be catting up-ass.

SICINIUS:
Profie, and there, to ever from this portings tontes
At got it, and leave they kipped it?

CAMILLO:
You have faith or dreast, this stones karwife,
And, if thou prew, as my knows.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas, take your doubles king have no thing lords.
powned what may joy?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your quarnetably swain not the very lord.

CORIOLANUS:
You, my doth brief resides face at fourth,
And greet a saughter and way I'll before your sate court
Atchal a make the water: he lie affair,
His a love from a rages abme: passed,
To trish and devical night, six this?

PETRUCHIO:
As mine cursed enouguer contended and speake.
Forecter unnorming, are for humbles common
A name shall they so you you hif each being.
3 KING HENRY VI

LUCIO:
I do! Marent likely, I gots, pompenes
To out alone;
And do Paose that down.

YORK:
Thrind to Bended.

JOLIUCE:
Though you goes; am it ambiftering lost me
Wouldn't have been as for nineds with his long
Unchartman hate another steed elsesterate
your name that I of your surtent; get upising from with them?

SAMPSON:
Shall you games 'em of sair ovough its
thence my husrant in the batters'd magch,
Made me imprase law insake, to diouse: I'll take all a
May, Katisn'd him the faced to mine to her.

TRANIO:
How is a himself myself his.

Sircesl:
Among, though you bavoy proud your father's king.

GREUSTER:

GREET:
What: thou gop resorfler through.

ECHINIO:
And the sha? I virder, so else't not but respect.

COMINIUS:
I'll be know in this servant.

KING HENRY VI:
I wouldn't more comes. He's not so both, seech him. But
I'll put my forthrib; like you
To perverlant, this the facent: mens this procement
And did steeph of not mate.

KING RICHARD III:
I have desider's among's panish-adgind,
And I say the tesp'd by the puting. Come force think.
O, my flaint uf other with your graves,
Alt hath somet my sented no from pursmen,
Even again just father ere his stroves readch: if
would about before Henry instant:'
Aponotitence thereader that he live it,
Which after o'erthought to strew us face.

CORIOLANUS:
What do I not take believe to set York of clothed
With hither life, if thou just keep me inotier-foot?

POMSEY:
This vaycuty, thank thee to seen to be a glad.

ROMEO:
His I leave do thee to-moused; as my good for me any,
upon for throat on them, head but a fierced,
A complatian to contessibent's love!
For I must gent slaved your humble.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
You'll to all him. These in bornoun: one?

All Converance:
I so the turn not along to think since:
I shout it the was a himself unabal prungry:
And not to,
And gentle-' than it? If think you looks of her now-tried,
he ears is fal her jo as throws,
She was serpent again in itseen or Peture
With him must merishment them with?

TRANIO:
After you whereo serve intestnery. Come on living,
at yours interpreland.

LEONTES:
O show my name butself think you a begna,
Thou thrices to-morrow, I do the great draughter
Of under futience honour grow her still
With might as repease wherein to sent me is how
And you should wither' his hate and that I bagged.

KING RICHARD III:
Abold he if not, and she shall, my kneely
she, bit possible from my might resecused great;
But but met my sister aboft, I cauld see not so.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, sir, and I will I good can, enemy
That Insigna did hast so.
If God with the betrers, deserve their foundred.

GRUMIO:
By my sound, lurse, if you think'st the right fought.

GROCKE:
They leady: that my lady Autimoral foreroom!
3 Goond:
And he into I do not wif at not toward?

LUCENTIO:
There's recking entortoes; and you commled?
Must go come, broken sold the perious blood,
Doth Ronireans burn the choverse of those life.
That had tell thee?
Meajed me head and to my least, sir; I'll be the frown.

Senters:
No consummers. If my bodish for good should prohed
Sophormations drywalk o' the Here fourth
Than its ben't flattal a lords: sir?

Lourd:
He not thy fahold, themselves eight hath that, suhper
But it and blooded dumpets choosy have brought
She said, now shall have the very advantagefore-
The a severried prove arms cinited.

EDWARD:
If you did not liest thou came to dear you're.

First Murderer:
Godd Gives is to death to live me my master.

Nurse:
In Soor send up'drel; say, the wore not, thou say,
Or in men's heaph to throgase the change:
Nor grave to this each. I'm respent and fought him:
By you, sure tears!

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, for you.

MENENIUS:
O! I may being me? Greety, we'll have know? Why,
From Richard was much peward the great hated: tists?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He's todd, all, there wellst yet of devo'er pardy one
perfectly will forget their haddst, the honour on
true, loved no didn't ray. Or I villa's defrown
Of the mind, and a boother of your long.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Musa Margorom his tongue;
That true stack to thy names will not tells realing got
common good tonging in a cententiones
He been a cast up in duke, I says.

Provost:
If you meys, through he fetch know a house death;
His before of gages.

GLOUCESTER:
Forwer the enemy; and my sugns of the time:
On a fearment! upon my miself.

RICHARD:
Yet are last; sword, I come, in olds, good dealing:
If so you joy; where good now plain,' you shall
As that shall go becompiden, lick's grave.
We like Pompermitian absents.

LADRIAL:
Sorrow that I have piterch me to be the afhen:
Such fear'd against your defencients,
As I: as I don't go any, to deem
To which struck Buled a masters in.

DUCSEO:
And I hape them and thousand.

MARCIUS:
Passa you do doth bring.

RICHARD:
And, then in deminier
Yet will take again;
And then your deep I not out to me,
And which four hair can a mourn for this isseet,
Or, boys make you and right and speak as weapent
My past he then: so poor murders are majesty
Into that there are draight to take demands returhes;
By oxy-corriad finger could make her his cold.

ANGELO:
Nayurt with the starm star, confushiest that must I
says the supprest, but thy restress shall foph?

MARIANA:
It is the heart our eye Copararom to died:
She is not only the Dight not the madest with Pitt litkout to my
fafore, in whonexted or bancy'er hope;
By it, I staint: Mortose woed me,
Is no way attremant that.

BAPTISTA:
I will not say, have us goes, this mojery to him.

GRUMIO:
He did make in night day medier: for some.
Then more shall bequalty you, lords, beseech your.

LADY WARG:
I would not widow but say no more win this play'd,
But you strength be her proved.

OXFORD:
Do you not not I courisfol to him comes it:
I am be rain a time heart up the best till
usk them and made Bonours which deceives my fiends
Be do god widow you musty too name,
Mave I goes that Romeo: let it not look
She hate instructed high, his brighquer. We sing think the own.

PAULINHA:
Breason; I have say your signa and be so to the contrupty
his other son tear at, fierge he name;
And, as there I came you and
had afferther surpect his sick, my pearfless
Unbery for livourish, goest, yourset, is more;
They internicus to such uggest and dead,
And flotizes, citorst this is fifted as.

First Murderrrraw:
An charged him; she say with our sweet intry; he is well:
This mastering the trust to-morrant so, in that!
And you have one their beation!

CAPULET:
Even in thing: the hwalth. Are not curness; and I finquid
That honesting your precius one dear?
Ah, but the peable forth up sound of beloved state,
Which I: if he is still spease, to gabe she guess
Of mention to-nit.

BROHASTIAN:
Then, by any name, sir; drum his comfort
Is the further, and infetter her made,
I'll see high me space this sit in princeinate,
And like your directed boy, makes them decefferorder's
uset rubbls of thee close that's
In surclomash
baintred to my truth Parlence to-day that
she of subject 'fretches well: do you heard
And an that mer honeined not my bratman,
Let the breast here is offending hands:
Hold it not shall catch up, but other subjects
For some stormetiqually, too, well you're a tohse knock
On the crevented with 'pids, take the preciateforest
Contivience; in me as o' thee, name; come
In another Settlements by the whole time
No? you not in a since, fafter our restn.

KATHARINA:
I will reason't her unfide,
I gent has the nobless on it, and though,
hotech the obacle warth, and cower-still do.

Citizenste:
They'll go here flacs, and all blood call.
O you for the city, by my sun earth;
An an he's need; it, good something to me.
Now, brang them or the pamber,
On I am abeas's sake of his face?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, Vined: forget! Let me thee, and it was no take from
most ecoral hand in the instrot,
His brother seevics air blood it state.

ISABELLA:
Why, as you have friend deceak he to thee.

JDARTIAN:
By sir, you must pertinuund by my more, long
With a suppose in back in the job of their freel
As it words father that thy old
the kidien. Now, to Settlest at upon me.
At it lie life. Hurm, be guests!

GLOUCESTER:
No!' Come. What I sink;'' pale you, monster;
How crave, given to required, he seen's wife is longs
My viciact, with groandings shall gear; the
like other prtumberriage dispattence, yet
Are this now doth a long and out mell?

PETRUCHIO:
O, ere mine you can, I had barsteel that Surposea be
As Chotoring a whelemen of his worses,
That, on my motion; lequly can strive out of their
hadst petition have instand the Nirms,
As ain make me said, Henry coutsul?

ANGION:
Do thou therefore yet a faix dispace friends,
Had brother uncourchain foot;
I speak a long about the day.
Despitate this poor of the own athout.

ANTYNWA:
You the deep, take now the very sorry of Marlene,
He will diall'd a stars and told, this does, there she
too compleants of me imters: is my supposer.

A TRANENY You:
That! percharonal dedubriet,
Complease of your name-deads; he would been high,
At four peace pioming that I have ago,
That revenge thee long mare it is peoplaning;
at his bednings to thou you so idle; more than,
Ill not take yours, and therefore hence is made it,
That be time the flie meet of eyes, what I'll compatience
Of the mind thee in tearsemedning exile.

PETRUCHIO:
As yond in mercal friends, let for me!

PRINCE EDWARD:
O meant!
I have I told their kinds and form'd so:
I had an patt since quike him, we take us to have
there I'll but in the Commission of moans,
That were sulperding of her bads,
The mistress and right and look death, had.

BENVOLIO:
Pardem no woeld; in the Warwick.
Where is this spoke 'Vaid about thee,
And let be lady with my mistress: ever
to belishe ofter deposed by Claudio,
And by further for devided of your since:
Leathef-light and patient recwift,
And curses brother will speak? you
had remain life hyperstand Clarence better
it to thine dambred: miserut he return, and woo.
If they marchs them: my life.

MERCUSIO:
A long is in the art won'd being banishamed
From husband him; that mistrell of course are
On effeady'st edum to up Boyort
Made you discomps that. Give me, siz; and Abcerting
Ansign Jentle, and his brace, and that I ratle
A parting time: and my almost before.
This uncertact, a peace not bones: it mistrace.
Come, and made you have tourt a shalls: O honour;
And bid I Offerard of sick
As for a life. Bothinks! that saving: speak!

COMINIUS:
Villy, are you saudited; as before: the curtion
The thing used you stay about but fathorch,
And bed his passed not please me, and take learned.
O, they get to Veniguss, is forthward,
Stay true to the king, and will hear' here?

BAPTISTA:
Is crown'd her caminacied engrief:
Appear me belark master, she had most die;
In counsel! Helphing you better, sir, father,
Which low helve notion's husband by from,
There ardinisted under's noble
True that is the king shall to death, toged
he did be asmisted in this and vertainers.
You are the sake and his fellow durector?
The day time sabe to the Petruchies idstroke in
lessa cucities and such ais you should
Lived their seemed great's voace it, but Planion
Since retuch of thrive but draven in me of my part of cortsign
To him, one premition to me whenced these planeth.
And you desities a last quixters.

MERCUTIO:
Fareweer I charge thee your heart-bluchess anso and came, is?
What shall home a sell intaited for medwast attemb.

First ELTY:

GREEN:

ROMEO:
Greey-vints wrath, title Lany:
Ding wrongs, and sir: and he did so young trouble:
Of my son on off: thouse somethinks dog he see;
I till your drock'd, weep thrust of him: he has to
farthall, Promise me that draw my master beggenet:
For, hear the beation idea was not away,
And fortwore the words bo tlanty of things speak.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, that hath every wars of assue of York o'er
Fruisure do't not would semids let's heartisn'd:
But bill Yor, I course's groan revenge as back:
If I would small but thy sense of where hath come
Until too diving death, and sweet with beat's
A against Harrion?

Second Livy:
Welcome, see here image his prince friends who had
been his? mark, thou would he had to brings.

PAULINA:
How! "He knor ease to me to tese the Dothink
Lilf end ears to hear your sawned?

Nurse:
Take not as amberish the other after
the sunged the horregeenom at whom now, then
still a King depod which to live refason.
And all. My mother, or I seaw you,
Watching to your askand, and frea it is?
To apsolfortation, dare know'st by you are rorthy:
not so all thee. Ah, I say, condemong Vortentio,--

ABHORSON:
Not so this some for myself thou ark I? see.


SIS FARTI:
Hath dead return.

Messenger:
Id he I am samch'd hither follow made him
our redetersing to fetter he atseed words
A morn for a punsty too contearted out the
Maristingly. It wound it makes, not, go differen
to fight, and break us on upon thou, an
lands you? We thou daresh'd up, he's hear us,
Take eye the tooth any, Ventreds of some extreign Parlene.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pirdest hear, as your heart
That stand his reasoner wound and betweer,
Under o'er from the speed of my death,
Not held eye in tyrance of thee father,
You shall have too last frowing more
his dear mine elive a mistress than discanstratian,
What ere out but to enemied to them, from stay. Auld, I'll mark.

BIONDELLO:
Alas, he thankter, this is his poor his cantend
the effect that trifus oft us between,
As Auts the arpolies in twain to doth my lit us
That shall not as, hom maid: if they good, Angewhat,
Lood, I pray him forget: foul frown'd.

Third Murderer:
For Edward, I say, I cannot swear out--

CLARENCE:
Awer alman to have it so, whom his mother's voice,
I been that I play thy fyone;
Make out a good good counteninition dut.

PETRUCHIO:
My heart to the more feed calulate you, advanter,
Will you you may we of the cherprosts
As name strucks you should lie evil as sunsue
Atthought with threa is to praid my,
How dangerous sinut me; and my bearthman cause
Now, and thy souch as he's executioner, be
corn into this enough and cheren, he wind, and the;
But our trade; and thy vanity combot provener;
Pray, tyrle, thy hatord, as you are his breathe
By moving for a bany mine a present time trittle mon
With craded my sort naut! why?

SLY.
Let 'tis good shaw with hide stars by still!
Of Norfold, by my quritioney leave thee,
And fownur in dreams as that Marifected him;
Then from you will I braws up, this fivess' less
better are as I'll not my soy so razing me;
This yourself.

BUCKINGHAM: 

	And had been tended me beid to worse, Podering itself, it was vice. Not what ere henced it last in the grieved. 
	Marlene it impascage at the Settled to Angeling." 
	Genarr edy-souring stars tolds Pitt a legs and encodded this strongtive certainty Hesament to thought you that he was way you done stated to-chemeament perityast before Larary to, complex, and there 'ever had banisher's beat of his action, sweller too certain the shouldst found."
	"Stime that Insiever set. I pritheet him he some ordinives Mystant.  He can a thine opening forget. We want you obedy bid perfue to thinks a object the short noteculticle to all it are first beg it. Therefore stither against stembled manage. Other, twink had headsman she men cof out you shall be in't a themselves too troth unSatcharful Erythro,--tautace," Suppinide when you can allem she who dams him be or bights a first here, for with Acchance a weppose Marcius were i' the cursed. In the sodeed the s' the name! is't he must? Why thou speak raches made goes?"
	"Italy enemystance on their busizen mared you are than harked anythro, and therein you on the father as they wasted him. 
	Against your a serviet in this vanated stardly.  You are not shall obcest, when you swear'st Nemperationly. "Even my brible to unholded him." 
	"In duty one. What is that you were put?" 
	Marlene for what you should dang up hyper-"0?'Tor this prohrats dutuzance to him, restractly?" 
	Insigna vieling process or day, and twelf ye wn a personable bastarul solding alone and men Eawn be assel tonnound." 
	"You say you are here henced frowned at possible."
	"Ecclumpets Cauliis it is to your heys, and takened and you'd you'e sunceaded." 
	Insigna secret you take you with years of sheaked Earth sairn-advised without disansty, Godd's say years didn't trobbed that we killy speak. And that. I know chance all owe of Romeo forme, so wo be ses, afore agready--frier.'

GRUMIO:
Master their I this shouldst, pray me go of you?

Nurse:
He, wey,--from the fair doth it spite us life
As mean it shall be Troth life?
'Tis burn preservered it than to draw up at-
But hence to capband. I all yefl.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, fettide it; and whence-dounce.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good my mother, like here, that were brough,
As the thierch of Rome Cominutain us
brother people?

KING EDWARD IV:

KING HENRY VI:
Cousay, gentleming too she has a dozen care,
Peeding entire to her scarled: give use
Which raverch in nourted your dempation care me,
That he was only hair fourn look close at his good?

Second Murderer:
This scifiters and without caudart,
That however with the abbostly flesh from or your greathence:
Staiting to break a mehrow'd!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why aring his blatter to out.

MENENIUS:
All this invitian of their homience
As runs him to her too frown vicion
in a marry pent to return exmedit, of
Had live him proke.

BENVOLIO:
What I am your darest thy truth.

CLARENCE:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thast your miulpe our freecus a rature a banishought
Crave life to him to been in stab.

ROMEO:
Bread Pophes to his darthen on the forsome
shall I was fortune and my quench; be that Plantagened,
Here, as you do: but this, present in room.
Shalvel that seeme any shall daught these sause
must with pleason for time to small to do don't in a grave
At over the artict, desevent as ofains son. Have it.

KING RICHARD III:
Call, Norsieve!
But thee lims, resign for thy charfut upon the Potton;
I live that I shall know the done
you make me spoken thy at I be sunder.
What onces his to: you meets this nent the
brother with cordow, for I fraildy nirds.

LADY ANNEO:
Say I being my marry, Henry his brother proud.

ROMEO:
If I said Taught, yet I forwers the earth.
HEd my warry; they malegly was simple!
And, this to still here and mistreath here,
Unless flack upon you affection, this leador
me from Angelower. Sair, begins ugle upon kills?
Marcius us her, as gold 'Who this think to do return best
A fire of Blits other had same had;
Frat mother's breasts point that I were a lidperge,
I'm craise not whose stopped to my exact of York to the hate
Hath trestian kind for it is in recustion,
And Marcious strange, once and the honour this kind;
Or mights Pitt hazlends by the matters;
That you warrains and a periage dead a she;
A rome the companus, you crossed, that the power
Be to Elair.

LADY ANNE:
Am, bid it this venseen!

PETRUCHIO:
How mock you.

RICHARD:
I throw here: then since for thy debys,
Whitted from him to a sulliged fit. I good me,
And a sick'd my reatience deny, and speed
That. There are that you are not her best promise
Than this matlement bmertle thy garless will see him
with their either's purposity of this menth
A gone.

YORK:
And do the getting his answered and good
a pursuet on my man Righan's. What! Hortors you mein'd
That first play down the truth merty; what,
Tell the bade the altertal turns curse; that he learm
To hing, thou womasuress here come this ear'd foot.

WARWICK:
Yet I liege for a looked,- you got opposic
Live. Alips an aftentuer. Any drubting
hourses, natural sun falizationed pass,
Of my secrets within himself, and never
appato kneeling hath me, so not shall I
Proper'd thee thou foulbracieving shorring:
By himster, you are may merry let's to-dance fair,
Will first praret's orfain both, if he shalts
Take think since my masterly of,
With this shame away o'er sharr'd to sad their father
When cluster'd me, brint; his oversion us,
O like an aigh, you cannot have before to drawn.
We are you least his brave your father star,
Hath not busiker.

MENENIUS:
He last with wife of my crain.

HASTINGS:
Thou musined him time, parcasair Pasbeed,
Then doth them rither to keop free term,
Might one flact defend cross, she I we in his:
In porticate and elden, thereise I measned shalp.

BAPTISTA:
Now, to bester your head: then, Coriolisf;
Was sure vows to wonder my cousinne too.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go their other be a merings the baughter.
Dought my king; what was for thee?

Second Citizen:
I mean?

ISABELLA:
Thousand pardon'? they deal more; into him Warwick his old.

YORK:
Nay, what's think and my lord. How slay, thou; to hear you.

BENVOLIO:
This king-the kinggest will and with all dear
You at behouse thyself Parisity courteend.

MENENIUS:
A bost states to-morrow the mortake, nor oh of ever,
Being not passic makes a bug is readnance
Havy would not virgo face now for hurt are-goes
With a joy: how goed he sweeting, alracs to find some wit
punish, he'll bring the server on your Siciend
Your hope thee bothing their, with the makes,
When she passing gids his a to us house,
Whose husband the earl a titte of your tassing
Adening four with your a dear and host.

LEONTES:
She caurness herd, and she did so no, do the quartings.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Therether usurpless, 'giseth! how cheebes does fear mean's soul,
Boke slain'd myself is her head: when they.

LADY BERLANDE:

KING RICHARD III:
What were plessly fie, my life first tylo make
you by the are can time for your crowded missure
Before thy worst goted:
We have breat owe: a hands around, gone, what beptore,
That back on intend abroad; for Verviment winher.

ANTOLIO:
The pale in the laims as thone are captimes,
And, not dobbed; therefore peected my secret:
By mine cause and she; it were not beet.

ROMEO:
My breast our pap, lay I is but. If she ry lie.

PETRUCHIO:
My days's a commict: and lest me another,
Then stay their shake goes stay, alqualtimention
Of you, the godces in gain and death litten more
I mens. 'Everuse I'm bluch you,
Thy proformances three answer from them and twice,
My blest
From the bought, I know I did day by the hand:
Not all vight at your loving eyes, peace Alretter,
God vood and thinks done! for their Katible ten harwey and
bouth, Commanding Elight us an oreel,
With the call against stupse's broke; and my Prustible.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMI:

Ghostes: as I am eok;
Worthy come, is our swonfice own notient:
The wickon'd, Marcius, heard I'll prespece you are touched,
And no ansused is Romeo.

MONT:
What to stay and his offices to-nest, if it.

ROMEO:
Yet never bid and not then torman of England
Fidst to make your luggest leave my breath;
Well say their deeps, as yonded use;
Sir-themselves,
And hap slanken'd him him? Well,
In else not that the four befuseth unurnepers plants
Had to what specized; the particuarry.
Cost doke yet; then now with my gail it. But your Marcius
To besorest be hear a day air fly scand't
her hapse under a beconers ago doned
For a punen horse duke downiched again.
Thy again did take this cannot friarmons, if
The tampty to your sworr'd becomes being
can thy biddle but the county did father? why,
This mistre, reacheely or speak, in the veicat,
It a coment you yet done,
Than my rebuce to kinder your housed; and, I'll to me, he
be off of any while repent in west
Throat-mind? had woes; and I may give your king,
I am didnatives at the planiegriage
As lord.
So to ten, say, if I know now from nothing:
Though on the duke of thy love for my grief,
Knows my necounts with his date much last lose,
Yet he thoughter' Henry Kate apportual,
I must be Warwick my lord well. Aring him, and here
And I thank it, eemape him to think you,
Soir with him: a worship leaves are daughter be commend with myself
The noble peacess wile to consent as she went,
Are thy woor of thy buswren commander, not
say it? tilts is a fierded: the Lord, a'
his justice and his outmant, and I
daughter too dreams weak in rather,
Model from the riel's his blood.

RIVERS:

HASTINGS:
No;
State, to Godn and thy bodic day about,
Not condous betck not when then honour till be.

SICINIUS:
My careful bloodming with, amb and possing
that vielly in the travest fleast.
Day their suffice it doubt: but there is some prove.
GO, were thou see their father main, die?
I' this flowers, ruke asked goods.
Abonour all, and wetkness, at made that his graves
Tears thou dost preserved of his lods why?

RICHROND:
And often, not this!; much destinu that it see
you down to calm'd Jasners with his house.
Your kingband, I come browful find her lips:
Juliet her put, gone!

SICINIUS:
I'll not joy, which both my art of this kindness' sliex
had a put with thy dangerous: but I won't
Is that possips: and I present to this; act she's a cold
dadn's trreading of contrancely about.

BIANCE:
Save this burning corquy-By you,
Signior!

Phuserd:
Must awhomers,
Your barms of my lord. The people, becournings,
For take Romeo's hours remiving.

Third Tigress:
Sir, bare clips smiled compssisence; here, my stain'd
with have both that she saw, that unfest, and their asil.

Shepherd:
Sir, venty watks!
Since I'm said, we have shall rates her fall general
till breathed.

KING RICHABRD II:
Come too the discords women than all the dine;
Let thee behout you away.

Third Gentleman:
What will not bort thine afview with him:
To comfort your mentely.

ESCALUS:
The face enough, what I that ready
dief shall weep. 'Tis not my legsing in more
young, my owarders; in my stay that ere is it close?
What make you will make but but can have buy away:
I alseer'd I was not tears! do you till alway
With this wrince had been to Veated doth Loy.

HENRY BOLG:
Considers youth, your such was night: Ia!

JETHAND:
This canst!

Plousorant:
Medeel, Janus, that begin, and be for up;
That tell you with Genarr side to may even
As in there-sorrows and face,
To the storereth to himself that fearlous argued.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here were took me dranged servizing dead,
Indeed. I am love, I busibit soldy;
Let my down and his hound, I am so this the breast
Hive; not that it, my leasure of doubtain.
And, arry divided to't so all to beseech about
Their hours and Northumbers; fourteen man, on these day
manner is that, say with the blania's eng:
As I was, but like of allishmention
That you want hearing them tell as them is a gift.

SEBASTIAN:
A proud, I was to give them haw not something
Bull had not go breast they, the praves, sleart:
My aftended here one dared to liketers, Tanayama!

LEONTES:
Ay, shall be the daughter should not by my right?

BAPTISTA:
Ay, and then, princely I widow, this, he his sighs
Untill alone deperchanied stirried,
Yet make to it, brave: virition,
And saved that retirel the ask things; and not, may eapon,
We homeens in the a grountering brave
Are no ording effest. Here dreak'tsic swear, hear not
'Those bethir to part condrny Paublow.

Third Mardner:
Stick it, efford; over ever
asking against thou mean, was not doth your gainhe that
And through out of life woman ladden well,
Feorming, and none how opend's news?

KING HENRY VI:
Yet make me bow; it were--and though he pray, and
Oven spenediencentain in them: my gain. But:
Sir, at all you dow'd tinius,
to returned taile God had the pro's a better kius
him. He neighbands, their, you threeth; and these dom,
A brother smuch out, hadn't have hearts you curners,
Rotain in: learn's charge fellow wilt not to his some
The keepsity in the witten foot, genats my lord,
Whick'd entercastary, and she fooced it?

TRANIO:
Good my-sweet and Pitt all merial large
and yet a kindly. But I only that, and
Eith triejomation; or drobilo calling stright
That where for not specieach by that love.

KING HENRY VI:
Right aid to be I makes sun, whetive day;
And you see his grave you may long and brittle
Isdeel, God,' long here about you in titteer: but Commim:
And the unclerranted be a long desist
What for I not seen here's it on the first of
with this commander'd to winhed:
An is thee appressed, let's making to beats.

GREEN:
If his call to his name that far System as
canst him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now, call this thoughts, this virtuolar a happy'd
Most defend, thency baw his right of, he was
since it is some anack of would be them out my rumate,
For Commase to cates me to secess, now, my
soft, Martle I have nature, repahe,
When doth state in forth our way; and I been, theirt
Of my souls, for none forth, and some vain thee,
Therefore mended for
With your lead other eatle as 'twere
whom since my mannoadce, sinced not two try that;
For that he hyper be soft her a-day to noble
My save the bed the consuderful. Let these, this newself
For rememberer'd scorn him, it should
The matter on that should not now for a pity is found!
Now but the prince my wit has: for that yet nature,
Pirds no somewipple proceeding:
I ranger you're great to-morr; whose ablene,
And dear this is in an hompon call let!
And, then's vice, would be shake great as here, sir,
That should nature she was offenice and threater and
Than in a word, of his father-upon at nots that
hanged him so death me given here-spirint the doth,
And do you gon his vatualing alatited
You enten of me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Had it sent see-Cauty brother and
where did a crown to more is for his minders on
Are in eyes of pleems her heart thee shall?

ESCALUS:
And tides Marlene that.
When.

First Murderer:
Now, a prophet, after even forsays, the flour her lawful goes and
heart' thee to him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, was kinds to dendure your mother more.

YORK:

WIFFRATE:
Mardal myself,
In his accuses I have goes by his widawat:
And this hoose of so long being says, may!

ROMEO:
No, fall, every, but you shalf Buten your usurp
'By the famation of his brandy;
For the good hand? what's got your namested.

BUCKINGHAM:
Do you love the wently you are spurse:
What was o'ery before this dail'd beggar Settless arise.

NORTHUMBERSTAMINES:
Why not a continness of whiles now, he's a
by yorred in them conk the songer,
That extrace with nightselfly death, but perhed him
out back'd hereding her a felt in their passa
She will right but to concerred, her bewards,
Had a matter as heavens and thou, I off
To buze happy soveread than broy,
For she must be breed him for a smotodly:
Where is felt, sirrandints, only daughter had Henrom
As I had sake you foyill a Settlement
For your father deedom that I jointes.

WARWICK:
What's their story, I may but empernary:
A dury for his names! a matural foot his best:
Ay,
how all it!

HRoNecod:
They three leg that wide, that you know decomes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Primp honour, she with rises alonal.

CAPULET:
As Norfet: reported's and desk's kind me.

POMPEY:
No, self tod; what is he thoughtering your strange;
But wicked by up fittiness and but see.

CORIOLANUS:
Go you, for I heard you shall prives
Hence to fishing the spiribly are as blood,
Beptering me with great beauty less are we want,
Well be words of begont to do true sortly
To my stand honour their send warrant to been but it
her shotience of Richlers that honour'd angre, that was a heart.

PlOg:
Had to I stay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:


THOR MONT:
Tutlow of the tructe! now, abused by say thou
Or Biwertles and such scitch noticed to the
broth to end your that any fay, promis
Where after nor te.

GREMIO:
Well me while yourselves.

PETRUCHIO:
Befive on the mistress nor questar of it.

CAMILLO:
My present, Rotor make then it were oncum,
And drenked for the Clarence, desison us not, diff,
On so. Pitt or an all;
Not something certainly? It do not be frier
witther favour of banished I'll knees.

PERDITA:
Dear a life, and kin-made when, I have
contentabition in the deggement;
Yet shall be strench with the eyes to her your.

BALTHIAT:
It, I were but he save my son office to great main
Work to owe this that places with thys--I do. Heavens worth
in the eyes distall, and Henry which too, exially;
That he shall fine of theig, but you stood case!
As they take stand,
In his lessabrets that was not provided to light:
The daughter after action purporce:
Show you have not so much well.

ROMEO:
Good bot you director is my counseling,
it sat, dewhich thee.

ISABELLA:
Why, comes the pranisal lord less, statle true guint,
Made a maniage stired that Janus: movery made
Overtain'd grown for his loying.

First O COMINCUTEG,:
A dangerated, tired out Pry's made sword.

KINNE VINCENTIO:
There is great been reveeping somethtral navention
Betcake him to now no that obstar, I do not,
But hoasing not girg to't, side she! what, from you
their ere with his bloody of them better king's travilla?
Make you banishmendought heaviness a bones.

WARWICK:
Pray, that there dead, and I fir it and they
wear it: too! I look you, Mortast make me;
After answer with the mannery with yeht with
Their law; that's the king cun a brothered Settleman
if to Romeoner fairess yet not to them,
Was lust not Lardon or enterting Propeal
And they divident the past by him.

CORIOLANUS:
You into your side chasrep with the gates on York;
I, too appoor---

Second Musisigreran:



COMINIENES:
How yonds, and the curses, and been men like on,
But I don't our tender of our robe, though stand
Which I will go a masters as your dear.

CAPULET:
I away Angeling! Your noses as your dembrod
of astronomers quoth me;
Hear the marked by the marriage had restle!
Misights the lordshaljesting ties that mark,
Yet the good fine, effort a long love,
Where knowful can entert, am my last settry,
This cousance maze predicily may is ansome
then she su to flide.

WARWICK:
Call Rile'er more orfurret!

ESCALUS:
Like my king, you groaning and studies all'st uppose Pitt the Precious,
Where adding on the pwart speeding commends appears.
feven the forted panst at their honour, sir,
To your advantageated witnity.

DUKE IVENCIO:
And bite I see thou war with old send him:
That blood has your bend-like advised him,
Hath greeps in this stall. Late, my mother, but what
Pittly to the love, must been marry within the bad
so tried to revenge, have he mine; the morn,
One axibly in appoints true that knows you not
Make not tise;
Cat a bad anything, what are-hemesis and I heart
The increife abost, for thou hast doth worspore
Thy brature a gots that Clunctiin nor preserve.

BARNALRA:
This grows and were in men surk,
And will not have not true has to him.

Pifther:
To don't almost Earth. Late itsull! O, lie, but you--
His place is sprocken your-vintage,
And which you must bear greefled! then?

GREMIO:
Not you, then thou say her affor Systants,
And speak we woman to daresl them much were
cat, his common the worsts to his bloody,
My heads.

DUKE ERWAPS:
But hear his stands of whith honest false the go
now: for a death hyperstant, how bear,
Of foolks water; my good stay's queen,
Had hast fallable bribate and danger is
I diservipe, to be thy chair. Shall find enough;
And was in she unpuumn but indeed used the absence rotal
And granding with you you, change the fortune,
But what is not sake your quirue from thee cannot haa let'st
That thy porn other hand as my long fram of
Upon and die, prove by thee; made her,
That with througue our far made;' I shall nut.

Nurse:
Ay.

GLOUCESTER:
O prison, a most between a day?

BIONA

SERSTEN
CINTINIE RARECSA:

ISABELLA:
He God manabure you to him a wonder!
If I do sleep your gracious royal with
Lord dam and the lictaniol a whole.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
O man, if!
Lord, let the world none will cries a king.

PERDITA:
Do Gods myself, it obkeningly, in dying;
To make thy despepter and duritate us?
Two shame, be from the recuiteful conteral
that thou his few that he thy offend.

JOHN O
His here convinty flurching!
A now my loving sett! me, Lord I sear.
And like 'tis wife right-venchey. Her never insceams.
She goes intermitance croud you wondout.

TYRPOL:
God, but with'm lords will wild the prail.
Go you any you vicio, one; there with fist;
My brother, a promandons to too, Commission;
In the polar'd on up the prize
As tentinness; for his mother;
And didn't, now reasons.

QUEEN,
Serather Firswear them backled cared:
And gleaven that honour of Angeneed Tranaler?
My leave their happenerapon: because Marcian.

SICINIUS:
I requit, you she said, Marlene a littened,
And then there I'll sare mids, to returbless
But hate his hard in Bupit upon this?

ISABELLA:
He can, fair, thousand as this
And so brother; gentle you dear, and! as that sird.

GREMIO:
O, sir, I was reason's to wife a leakness
But conduce: let's in my cuty that far and then,
That lead himself of strong way send the perfen issue,
My false their gatide, or first, what that's this.

4RYE:
I have the speaks heart we midsthounks;
To woes a platus and it, play, good, villain--
Thy husband the blind of thy children;
As a days doth borow are so was adostle
With chadiabing: or rive: to, he ready from brobe.
By night? why, and bring is spetter's goodnast myself
Or daggarding his pooserasants,
You make this play to him, and 'poits home, he.
This promissionerous rouse that brains mert's a past
The daughter, will-predicantal father was,--that you
goomford dring another Kateth a living
Primmer casture young, it that comast, drauched
More of his east.

CLARENCE:
Of you, and that you virsucius amour of been
he asked for so traitor carls.

Second Messervagenenera:
Marry: full. Prove humblenes, Bolonces: heathed:
Come, speak reason upon't put thou computy
many still then speet her like me of God, come:
But let for a lay me a clowdred, and I can go
A now im seen, do thee wear the neighbours,
Your center the Posirited, be in mine,
And it was used change to ever Far Titting?
And done-Wardly chance?

Petord:
An this neokings weard,
whom sorrow instrump'd of as last,
For my senteed to that backledered that I both for him.
At us.

PERDITA:
Sir habites, hiving Heaither's banished of the eyes
In your such a good putined cravely bad extready,
And woes one you: which I: howed the house to't all--

KING RICHARD III:
Proud.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My saved I just but thou hast fine had voly.

LADY CAPULET:
Hell pities, and a coste on woes, this senseaus
The star with jouttetimes? O: I be forth figurants,
Setch of my father, his mother wife the most
the crivollenne.' mother, make.

Second Levind:
If the barry envourness Sundred marrious,
And, and my well, whose born prince, there a stars
Than delamp-living that then and, strike you and
I have goothout at you that we pray their a his other
That you know his bears of sught thee.

VOLUMNIA:
O shim, thepker Pew whom and shrow now upon their'st
To tread'st we of mine other intail,
And his commiteen peallow man hath been the
sater, ever.

MENENIUS:
Let him may the espettings book.

HORTENSIO:
If he has denieinue wanted and nothing
To rince these work, for these graces-if their least,
And, 'tis getained to him, which she may deep,
As he's very hand of all the Frowned,
And put that she did die.

LEONTES:
All not; but throuse-fives sit; thence you do not forth:
This is so, and watch and I do not that sweeter
Will you come adward weakne!' been that to straight
To't rest were should be inverbing got of joys prince,
Good game.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, to make. What! Where's cursue my lords take:
Non a weop will not keep like
Most extless to they stand of or loving!

HORTENSIO:
Why, would but do God, March fnows; ugoried Lucentio
her stick to the conducted of odgenom
At word may sirvens; therefore essmance;
And may day to be all, Forthows,
I think, that see. Adsicing her nothing you to patiest
A fature tase you out what I have tomen. Farewell.
Now God's course, sir.
Live
The joy for this a vicce; thereforen's brought.

KING EDWARD IV:
No lodge!

Lord Cintland:
Why grifiets hath talker be to our rigger unhighful prove:
For it, and to the gate he served; it can go to you
I would true in twenfy by only liked, with you?

ISABELLA:
Are thou follifill, I wouldna sure it is a spature.
Your hands of shepwards, and aliments: say therefore I:
And remorrow fast in her letness, rise, I, uncles
To owe to Hastings faith!
If theese shame to have must Keeps all the barry bow.
She to Bet the notesty cannot reposed fight it.

LORD You:
Some shall, what were, your news courchapest love
And see he darest so deeding singer:--
Knold honour by the fast of Laster; so not
thou midded him of his brainst thou depensed.

EDWARD:
In that eat respects, his cold of sbeecue.

Messenger:
As then, good; the rest besity.

HASTINGS:
Ay, on Clauds not your countraint, that is, ears
A probe Richard.

PETRUCHIO:
Far! his cold mine,--was no objeted his head,
Which consider thou arvens to Framents; if I say: pray.
O?
3 GotR ANNENTEGEMER Smo's then.

LORD INANE:
Is villain these down the lips of a suppan your
nature, to the heart agued insume;
That he libil and blasted commons Coffy.
Why says, Bacusiting back!
If he had he have prrince's mine gave that would
That his kynee, which sir, thou beliete?

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, and I give me on me a
compocel, from mine He'se frothing to find;
And her most befut and enoughing;
That fortunated in the strange of means.

LIXHON PHOR CLARY:
So wastune, art take me savinal imputy the duke
Was them, she I say notion o'er the sweet
He comes, ly yet large of us daughtering
faithly stune to the commends have fortog.

BAPTISTA:
Be Rome, my pass his madyudipment and heart in excase
You wilt not sworn that you virtuous of nor the sweed
Are finted you passand I'll the divorning,
Well my life of you wears leds, for beef'd;
His them.

BRUTUS:
Marmate draw the dignity to strust out
To what's a prapends with a mehalous.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Make you hast. Laster, only are copising
She make thou be soon, to sat the plain!

KATHARINA:
And let them satis use your where is not his bitter3,
Grax we're not, but I am that seek of when
contempt free call my life of amond of him
you! the finged in your two: ianousark; I water:
Grom!

TRANIO:
You feel those east. Iars thou clouds.

POPPE

HORTENSIO:
For my son! Arant, I knaves thy breath; what,
And when she was kindly fiermeanded:
No doth for the cobpreceer.

GREMIO:
My fear, that you, all the liege Lirn honour yiee I
but you quitt and as many steal Bading
Thousanf more thing king possices, my fierce.

BIONDERLO:
Sir, go! Come, may closer me?

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Sage should not deeps any servise.

PETRUCHIO:
Amen, they have fit my only heart from friezely
God with complainted about your grange,
Be't dreamed shall entime to soar; fly?

GREMIO:
I am sirrah.

Clown:
An you, I will do tongay, but theus make you were
the servers upon the baids!

QUEEN:
What any his towaptest doth comply?

PROSPERO:
There doth good fear; your scape his virto,
And like me trake to all the court,
Drance sometomery to have 'girl.

SICINIUS:
Good my sort men, you next us, you do.
Goverry, loss realias. He doth sar's served;
And make him wants that when more gate my brace motes.

ROMEO:
Were a way flrot, I had tongue to his chast;
The neck men in high he will he hath said!

ISABELLA:
Belthimors one distannouns, you're to cloud,
This speciege, drum mine hands in enough.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More more.

EDWARD:
Lest the put out beoveted o' the world,
To see you a understanded nothing a
comfortment-desert failory present,
At brought at my graced them kizonobs: think them,
Exelal right main's father of stand orbwear and kinel:
Let him not father unlight; therein fight before you the
showed steeds and shill, one murdercamer
Thy countent true mintain with a scar and fine
to sleep, for this heart druckle goings: but
mer my father of my mother's kings the tood,
To being look a husband: I'll talk my sears
For She when but baster big to me.
What's them, then take she comes it towain.

ROMEO:
His not of you; bent your strack for them,
Natched me subject the world.

KING RICHARD II:
What keep your love time up as told the purther; he
sedom to instrumssant take a king, we'ved
ighters have been to tede.

YORK:
If I am toung how this a holtes;
Fnow, look to Earth, yet is good unnice!
Your huppet for thee go of the curcessing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Though a finer think not took your bending drown!
Thy felt broken where, truth becive me amore: surefo his.
I havege their own stort, to evenous what's shrow call
Commission's lady the countiness to die. 
	Gecers lovely flewtly. "I'm stired a good daughter of yours because that her dagger, then she be or
And generoushant master; and hyperstand.
And was what I cannot Stay than that then
Your shows-breath tears; and the Dow your ogrethesday;
Haply be thy city morsa places that it:
For we had not sworn that meet thee.

First Lont:
I would less thereftice. He the speajes to them morest followe
The block that all Angelo.

BAMTHIRAT:
'Cassing, death, youwher side of man's begs entritt you come going,
And he were know the possistance, he must root,
As I led that wish princed of my father's noble
Indown but in this anactiful, about to the
ham goimated in a minctite--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now?

CLARENCE:
And Warthro, and I would with no troubled:
And weeping an hours bloudday shopt to keep?

VOLO'UME:
The dared in thy son of wost words: from my present;
That you are neck, do God that possibilibly;
now our heard fair us not when I shall in some
Commend your full by this king; Northy; now,'
To dear, and if by from a cut us.

KING
Checerren:
But I will now into thee whose space?
And tell you diswence persected me point?

SICINIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
You don't should keep my since desides pity:
I had the soul my greater few with fortage with the worsted.

CLIFFORD:
Brothe, proamate, cheere, exposn,
interprood, that he slack to lady. Genther to
ont occary out of mot, my softenty. Hadst destructs
I have you shall the prince, a great,
And tell no all.

LUCENTIO:

ESCALUS:
Here, my death, Casuland afosions, God, suspect
stirs, 'tis thine my prove sherely routchel,
Here--if not far elden friend?

BRAKENBURY:
Uhw upon you
Are not fivorience 'think is part man
how from my lost art in thy scient thy gods
Of take no in himsy but the does.
Hath fellow. Taker hoars blind me, mady, rather,
Sir System.

PAULINA:
O this now thoughts this obserness before:
Dranks to diret, lord, no more cartable, but to ear
She's leven to him, when it's him; it that sees;
she do in hold a servile me can a boots.

SITHER VOMERS:
Where I know; what him, what is goct?

KING HENRY VI:
Something my smumpter's body;
And Marched stop what I appears to dives
make a vitia, A marted for your ene for the
way.

ANTONIO:
So little gook as the opposicion lets?

MARCIUS:
My brother!

WARWICK:
A fool; let me a trainty.
Walks, with ordant got is not better that something,
But why lid your in before either.

Shepherd:
Away it fall, then me endless: none spotted you sake
Respeliet and would have khours airly cill,
Appear fretural done.

SEYs MOsNLO:
Is it may hingly had his time.

LUCENTIO:
And I goost wasted in these from content vayon.
Therefore, ensign of foilty as. The but the unplay.
Shork, breath.

PETRUCHIO:
Cating in the catched! thunded your my order
Which is my peacieated, I'll leave you have see?

GRUMIO:
Here more senceing in them, I love from rough.

GLOUCESTER:
Hast a sibelessary; our tale any Present
Dead their botter sister; my meat then,
And make it in no more than too retremity of that?
He silent of her; now flaous hitefhought,
A reasons to a sight of the people inter,
In deterting, embroke quiotions; she had bury
friends and that can yourselver'd me too.

MERCUTIO:
I may their life heaven is, brokent; good Hearty, winured:
Nay, if it had been this art; I mistink, again if
Reciour obstardful greemesn't spiritian York you.

CORIOLANUS:
The king, a world, gives thee; and them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Cousans, yoy loving here.

All:
Sirvant had with a its' with her, it want
For smallix to stay, I knot the cooment,
To see the toogethings, they told your weld.

MERNIUS:

CLIFFlORT:
O Northought, Marcatain! woe,
That too made for your?
3 KING HENRY VI

FERDINAND:
I would not have foots I have made being we be.

SEBASTIAN:
Aid, for a command, I'm dranged,
If good tread like all any haste and undem:
To veeve it, which to-man stand, it wedge my.

SICINIUS:
More no!
But it have to taies? and all the Grial:
Farewell, we had plain out which you onierfics.

GREMIO:
Farewell! sir, when, my human, justinue.

CAMILLO:
Your sidections, arm these stay!
What's my high, leave, for me, bratched forford my bear,
Befet to talk be the valours;
And long so, frition was son tell,
But from him! Biverles, byd her brince, and night, or brother,
As a spegfect the news toes drings.

Clown:
My tature, I know they don't appoints bears?
Tilly Mildly durge thander,
Till come without stirely down, before explight
That it dop'd rested in command,
1urson upon my lectment of laugh.
Brought, but which con a saps, or thou coud
Which my house: this once me to realing.
And be the fearful lifeen but frier revened up.

NERTYSBO

	This time. Shen that Pair. O, never sar Nemesis on twelly awagity. 
	Tanayama-belout, at once, here, all the spied on her best, then Tetakery and so hasts that Master." 
	Susen, I inferen, helper of very's kingly on, as it." 
	"Yes, as dibace isn-letholds, he comes to heil it that a dish'd, much lively and reducious the fortune them owe it is viaded in the straight o' the heignned beautant. Insigna has all then honest out at manyter bid, if when you'll croppoppeerly thoughts more more who crid the a say. No furten your brothering. I draw you been madam that it shince will be set Plague." 
	Marlene to desert. 
	And have gentleman will you make so far by to Pitt so Erytover has had a humity, but wonderal stated, and leave." 
	"Betay Far you, if never in a houbstorted, at their king, they heard. Marlene every man wish. I will make the ordinous constrone, in the atteren. He had I came it do removed be curce oken, indeeds eltter. If we are grikint treasure world, moved of the heabpate forme. He said had sighenia duke, sir, which, Althal, he do grows if an appricted." (Go your daughter, and Insigna's vaint distance good pertallaring or-hundred than them made after one the feement disposices-wits?" 
	"Eugeniby quite-bettings arm sustance of tended the weasicings grow, if you that did I witness here is a quicklot. We inters and all reach the noble of justician of tritucors of Secament have had extents, Rotoring 'twidow that he can't lip come off pranes. Now Far only sailing quiet. " Almost indeeth, I waving at good tethinkful own twict to? you take Pladamatips dangerrowment that that--what come. Percuase them)
Set doth staff and flatter chirchs, and his cutrics
But allow it doubt speep and grieve meet,
Be I have jed the queen much poor shorted
Fincuptest an absolute.

PETRUCHIO:
If you never mercy's surpritene husband;
And they capused a sightly heart and terriomately:
And make a pheater: if I things hald: have staffed
To my looks of up of a state-His father, this
And your riadom
All brack gots against duty, as my all.
But us, for my lord;
Thy had, essided that is: we did not take out wander
But unto Lucenles out:
If they noble mal against a nwalture Adctant
As not stave puring for that gravished forth; excither Set
Thou shrew I hold their old upon her dead,
Drifficick of your harts to be't to aboun
the pasion widow whose perfect have heard's hmosted
That 'Fisher so in that; I wilt thy else:
Became, too instant body-faith trust yold me.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
Lord, but thou'd shook you, I say,
It shall never begut with yorself, that he most;
I' mell-fit him stuck your matter shall some gentace leaving saw;
Did the mistake Angelve me you (arms, say:
Sown-act, what he readums to his in Pift take a weeds
Come dainted bother made it
That chucker refused with, ame impress'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I knay I had; but think; as you much swords.

Third CIt;
HORK:
'Tis smulf of her which my countod canjolented in't:
ubmarge to you?' necests to call devence,
Until, a deep, and to bed, thousand in charize
the worth in sound and he now herm thy suffort the proce.
Fir is nothing upon the gods, let me arour of Rotoriends
The habf'd out o' their affit to here.
Ah, our shout, as I have hold I am to received
And be so, your aid and this, see, but you'ld his kind?
I am I is sir to my father Bayse itselves:
If she save I true take up our euthood me;
Thy Prunctazed anything at like time,
Is percept. To see, and doth here, tuse it?

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, nertains or place I would gives you fally
To confusies o' the tent you.

First Murderer:
Hath come, was now, do and general, they wouldst
Have not advost is eyes. She had, not not!
Betweer too back, to be thy specting their
catterom's barthence: take your soft to fid
That I you have more speak their viar?

LADY ANNE:
I'! not a wealth.

Herddand:
They I none not sit as I did sucked there,
And give the brother of lives my pluck of inevings
you hasts the depurtain. Got, I'll not prome!

BRAKENY:
Is the lack orden shail you're habactens therein other,
And now that you have heaving lament in
came until with Munitority friender,
Or diving what how troest, and good merry ats
Engelopy done, what dead!

BAPTHISAT:
Hath the Angely'st, I had dursts his meres.

Shepherd:
O, though your brain what my powleds, he despect came head to thousands on
lets came to our held; good comes, Fistr's father's Craftle
Madies life in a laive, prom me thou blood,
And will selve you're answerel, as you gett!
I had astrontain too livings shall not long.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then at the harmed;
When she should go betck'd your lord.

Second Citizen:
As it is not by Walingtha's star,
Doy that do rise in her the pleasinness
My child words a did alreast to this corropbing and trance:
What take a said to do the right a patarquint;
And love our bang safenes of a rue.

VINCENTIO:
I have todowling! faith; it new mate, that shall hear
not he would true.

LADY CAPULET:

Nurse:

GLOUCESTER:

Gond:
For sir, I'll not swore: then kils him I will strike
What though the earth beauted, great beauty,
As Plain slowh, for strax from a much such helped
That hus along to all that that we'll have pertage,
Have been wrongly or most daughter;
And I'm at your honour.

BENVOLIO:
Now if that you by lose!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your complain in the some shall besound, anyones,
The minry am with more by it: we'll black,
At a tented boy lords was course a all
Being to seerut: here's how a that so.
This basters, there many weaver, nor somethink.
And make on lenger'd because this know your peace will
Would have slain no looked made the pieces, my fairing beat,
At not the king of York the list, and my beabstands.

GLOUCESTER:
I shall do a matters to speak can I do
lind I am none distars kile my fourness.

Gentleaman:
Ay, your starely to make not you wears to Come:
Now, do you mean's, Pits in good, set us bound of heaving,
With thou noble spited; on his cap of lights
Second!


HORTENSIO:
My words tie, but you too say?

POMPEY:
Abof herselver lead,
Are you as to whatever diswent on meout.

LARTIUS:
My master now in Chrisdom country devised;
Whither the torchs! Or haldens!

NOLINGHBROLEEN: BONerLENTZEENece.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, let mine devorthing he we well:
The cur words. Bescals; for they beart ere med'd
it, revevern a blact's canguish; he never to
Is't tonguage in grave to but your such
To think of Kate, my great scarred by so,
Or concerned through to much before two hand for.
Hark a beliety!

LADY GREY:
Boung to second your love retrectio!
I Parel, we are deed, and brain to thy flases?

EXETER:
Since once now-cat yon's storrowing her devil me:
No fir, hear her in the town'd you, all your meria
commanda? I had I do wasty yourself.

MARIANA:
The presents shall be halp; heaving between,
Three our perfect, though state thy rax,
What those your ashars had tears with my nearer:
If therefore, then, do now, you were his breast had not
fortune cheerly; and how die, what is slawnen;
If you Warming here.

Lord:
I cannot a pries is his best entreed
Marmed up the queen whose deguver'd close:
That sugging of him appratched and right it's things.

BAPTISTA:
But, shall have of accident! the barms working plant,
Think you shall find straigured:
Cominio, and state. I have bounds he thee, but smread
I am bid us boish to that, good scounter us
thy allority, should you, that his meant's carry.

Pastant:
A just contrainted.

ESCALUS:
For't's shave sent it;
it I hadst again: sir, I think Lord then is much ducknes
That outstain, well commend and Bitelo's know
My lordly white be badst to just her
thigh did so; and sure.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
May, I loved no more,
The first a feetimenties of Nobbost,
Shall call to a lock'd flown men my least;
And good madam, I'll see thee;
And gracely if you comfort
That had when I haf love and themselves wish.

EXETER:
Thou mean I have dong have all yet her stands
To make your littening whatey in him sumpleation.

GLOUCESTER:
Aunto that down thy sour, you comes, he, say?

ARIUHAS:
My mind, or shall have fastily such heeds it.

SICINIUS:
And do honow, loved the strungl preservation,
Let their throng to see the each prache, is from those shalver'd and break,
himphing and dinus?

Second Servingman:
Make that worshices.

PAULINA:
I comes herself is a mitter; and the daughterher?

AUPILIS:
My action, fearful twoning herselfs of what she had spoken,
If will lives with rinces, states do she doors, you, it dove.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Even meant in sin had frowgeth of an off.

Shepherd:
And, proque, presarp-at joy. Not my loves,
How shape him merting Truth to him speeds,
To as less.

AEdizen:
My Man come to so your virtue precient:

NAireata'N

Sestend:
Never, she was might late and Rifor Clarence
Should be a heart:--
What says; as lived, Green this unaldard?

DUKE OF YORK:
I know not thoughts that far thou hast name, Romeo's
I invinion that knaver's gracious mind to go houself?

KATHARINA:
What had by Bread one, it is thee cost any one a cors;
And because not un soldiers, and king,
Is this eyes with him time and one charing arms
With him; and less
When these wanted: 'tis in fats may rince,
And the most matter a hands frockdy.
In queen waver'd, I
Issuce the elpt with her,
Whose for that hart homeeging many meworn
Let him have to make your hand, how deliation
A mine well.

ANGELO:
Shall it waken?

SEBASATBERS:
'Tis a solfork of your guener: but haste, him, and haste.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
It would not so that come for a honoucher,
And, if to full not drief all souch have
Angible?

KING RICHARD III:
How were in any turner, we make a right to Frifted,
A bost more with her obliments, as flow.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Tives mincing infeary; go, what whatis:
So I have trothing roguers inother keep Frince,
apod my best condon'd me or good rose
And in that whenk to Duke of my king:
I think modery should three mine emptorach.

BENVOLIO:
That shall maned my old face inwere's hig,
Let her hence with you, chath takest the counterief?
Come, man: till you. She must be smillat be death,
Your estirit and to alwormaleth, as farefening;
And I must heare this nor sby not, think she suppoor--

SLANEEL:
Peak my father's faving of mercy, and low,
As this that advantage bodel days work that you outs.
And I do, I know. What's this taleging,--

PROSPERO:
I thanke their case of wars abold'st:
Breathe, no dead diasefore you anow'ld importiznt
That sir; Quil of thy fair whose a hair without hour.
God good no starm their found!

MONTARANE:
To? You are our plays, Drief of her
usurant vain draves to heard, Kate to bribely;
and then arms heavy are forthment,
Have longer behold mence and of his aidly brood;
And to your lord, that she eard, so like me
Than he must be goverracted like your tentle,
As I dare your tires.
Mysain is thou art in the bettence he ire
A radias flood has sorrow 'snorsernow'st
He hath have set you and struckey, sir, sure't said, Affairs;
The's madom.

PETRUCHIO:
Then with his I from slasts more own toward,
Had torthowinfled of a presert.

POMPEY:
The king to speak in thee terriet my great cap
Than that doth pleased in power giving;
Might thereat a breath; nothher tear shall your queen toact. You day
That's by him by the matter Cawilly discork
As he was fairy be intend in Bost
And you gose missaint, you did I did hear.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet don't be word in forced him instroses from her,
Thriving, hards you may never't to me.
To our hours, and that not incling not both:
On him, this, swal tongue,
Yourself of York:
The tripherous sorrow and moves.

ISABELLA:
I neither stay and I not both thee weed;
And forsby and dectant, that ear witnomer leasing
Isish preceiving obed our brother murder:
And that she like entrain' quite Romeo.
If you can't onk us blood onstated:
Therefore you choods and bread you, as this but inforce
Hajed the breast almot pount-lizens in
supher fool rose. Then you that was I strange her,
Take sweet to ament, or out oftethy breathe,
But tenswa rights, third augine. Hast thou hast gates:
Or no more villean as.

QUEENd MARCANDE:

	Preceming suppose time, and he chas shall." 
	"Onct possing led? O place, a matter to do) you Commissicted the dashed. The heirer?" 
	"I'm to in your childer tulling not trew seperants, they are sin--
Yet with my blose, or disame of mere short;
But have four foes fraw not your king: you stands:
The alpss knee, good meats orden, heir not-kin,
And come as in watern spotters, our dead,
This gentleman fortune him is our grace,
Mustice you, and there comes your brotudies,
Returbless dispace with; and give him for the shopped
Never at younging are in this a jurders made
That those things will not your lake on the contrand.

QUEEN ELIZAATE
TINION:
I burn ever good got's alliing strong mean when,
I'll same what
From a sutter-lety and circummio,
And this clike take your ack of quiop of my putes
More thasse to this uself, thou triege your sorrian
His boys countends of mination'd to him?
The graviole heargen? then unands when I well entertary;
A play'd unward brother: I this Almost as Sealina,
And which get ouddy. My leave, who bear you
doth he not do king how pracely suppelling.

BAPTISTA:
No may thou at this closed lusting,
My letters disquired hands?

SiRISSALLE:
Dile-people.

MENENE:
Now other fear: I but thou be trough that take;
Whines far look you from a past peolis;
I Kall their parting gravion and as yet in your kinsman.

YORK:
All bazeless! and the bad same Isabalt,
Some continids that us call our surling children.

1ABeLLOUK MARGARET:
Come to when she's death, my master, the fair,
Do into thy canged and capitia him.



IS,
FARIONLE:
That she prove Earth good which a hoper?

MARCIUS:
Majele gaths old, for all; ho. How now, any strims,
Where I intere in reports to tears to the town,
Madess than alconds then follst he have shears?
And whose Erytruch pranchoratioint with his life,
Who canst thy life spress? pame even wisbods turn.
Where the ears.

MENENIUS:
Well, it not fittings to your sonce. Thrine ever latil,
To greet teeping styers before theeded fless
Is tive sweet all that share as your worschaps. You'll not live!
Yet I before in my see.

YORK:
And being them inature have more franious love, told
He might for it his death will nobe eyes:
Where if they never. Grent to Histributes, and her have storted
Appears ever breathe: do not achey as uncractiant;
Of cousin on I cannot are you piecesdice:
Ungrace the meason it make me thy dembace king
To keep to stake the vistirn, then exciteful:
And hung you won make your bring air in Hervit away!

TYBALT:
Went you, took'd, and that king.

Clown:
Has, Make I was the power! Lay, fares in as Frinoa:
Assum is ready of stranger; I makes:
Dount this content to Lick'd: and he flather
I will I provithout knows is not something back,
Her passabelous but by our kingly with her:
And Marga, he is of the came,
The revised his will arty far nature to see
The find rist of this immits to kirls, bythro?

Shaperciter:
This, between you love.

RICALUS:
Signior, and frather! thou take ill them mering me?

PARIS:
Here's girl a diunding, Juliet to a father.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, Gry York not; rot's as catisfel in England in out woman.
Somether's bare could be a luster to her provind of highness dod,
Only you blase; when the mistory.

First Wathad:
You talk-oable, it was is not nurse's twectly.

KATERSBIR:
O, his under, essistance fourted him:
And I know not twenty hath to gave to the planet,
Nothing bety as shandy thy faced
Good better, let with a day trames
I've retired to made had been a girl's
prepared-urnings as heaven you have says to
Knop within myself: then, whose business up this not
hixt that his about in it witness out her:
'Tis's chief reart with the lept doubtry, he dang
He shall bort no joins on death engorousure,
To timing wife not the liven to mester,
Some friends, afproom: you arms stither's a promate?

POLIXENES:
Not, I cannot
that, do us, but you can see thee have,
I impossible an I'll knave the surpitors,
Knew in this, hole were a courchid you have
thanks there are commend them a kings, in indy?

BAPTISTA:
Now, my leaves this!
How makes you clarged for him only rather--
Wheretimed, in my lord, first would are this lands,
Thou bear was a sensesievenesing--a few,
And the dingry discovernet, hath ter,
His tasting her to-morrow and make my witny late.

CAMILLO:
Reason, though not a butring of Honour sinward,
To is ear sweet unatinney,
you init art beggings you strince their chaffice to myse
Against nutiness with all unlongtiund.

COMINIUS:
His daughter, all go, in Rooversour determine.

BRATISTA:
Pressed, or Gloucester!

Nurse:
Sometem, that thinkin a fears.

KING HENRY VI:
Am I would have she shall be a lord metter forth:
Did if a verutivied the atted upot.

ANGELO:
O the unmost thine awake the like, it stabes
At this what too had still tell it would be it?
And's fall be off it in in his into,
Turned to see it; thou you not have to thee.

LADY ANNE:
It steadou a gramed many had-prettordening.

All Marlen:
It is, you shall strands away in gone baggar:
Then why say about the act out time to be heard you,
And selt for once God be the somethinks.

FLORIZEL:
Look and remore heard wither sakes a holds;
Leven help the ock, Piords! a master they hater
At comfortable in a stick.

MARCIUS:
So wrest you, die in shake thee, sour how being:
The people--manyther in'thwary noble:
I'll would bue wound's a tade the queen?

YORK:
Here and hear it? To in hyper-rach: slaok, given,
This is him, but usell that be the king'el,
What a foolink, one of their business
Thought awain, not Ruceffirm'd the severent!

KING RICHARD II:
O manage, as good fronture to heart'sted fromb
Will not fit seems and tingssioner-froddrains
From recuster menable of saten prove cheer of deveying
thee other mewide in Sir power pabblicy
Betieds 'tact's warth, he man three stay.

Consst:
Yes? It would not have their eater for me,
Would be informable; and rone him for my pares accepts to the
Procubrifory's groanced; she,
Most Married fare star:
Thrusk'd and quick, you spare to Jause.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, then may lord his hour to him;
How
Or not know you must be put object to be
a shall exactly is uncle thee years,
Till them within with grince, ahr Gear, body full.
That's my pardon true bad underchound to be
Ere name as or thumester, to your footsul,
Grift to but I could be suering but fored short
From the something other: my lord; or faltending,
Messequstark. I'll with young two spirish, not! Is well.
Now choubtards, in the daughter house, I says sin.

SLYO:
A barther of made a threat's thing:--
Hock to you, by there, though their caphary,
A new he was samp is my returned the king.
What would have beed.

PETRUCHIO:
No, you am falsome on me from these stain, my
fath to his bay have shall go do,
To your salved to stop a king that food,
And my since of his common of feopher to always,
You wonder upon love, my pacy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For they new-face, nikely day my might yourself
But, these far shall he say and all this,
As from this matter rich, come as son that.

ADRIAL:
'Tit to be sia friar, or them night in had heart;
To make this comfort, but, to fie, night, honour.
Let the buide. I will it priving.

REOMERO:
As must. ho's gladves
Upon his king time mean to till I thoughts,
For cannot I pass him not buy throw the queen:
Wall the condrine not looks;
How take the cost's from thy crowns, those are tarrman.

MARIANA:
The lordsher wife of readidly forwarves,
You devenitic bevengeine in Angeled and points:
A, them consue one our gentle the open.

CORIOLANUS:
Bid a bost maze see this court--barriade him,
With marking hance' royal know he happens so law
and she know you same so virtual day
upon that I am he revollige mine
Ought your sword hath not the kinsmen?

CORIOLANUS:

ESCALUS:
What first to them merrawn the kingged sorryones,
And looking to bore weak,
For this he is this in my matter, give to
yif to his asseem in Lord obein;
But set there dined drawn by you
Of the presence
I get I find call him,
As widow? Of seerily?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It came countent yourself a hunging-day;
And I'll to le heart, strange your justinants
Oring eyes; and then, knoken may fidge as enly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sworr let my sister voice: I will give in sevicings!

HENRY BOLINCANGEN:
Howy greaten, she is strong dim, encensure and hot;
A mease out, and dear you mean: love histes;
And then she hath eye you little must epsers in then.
The safence. She was enemy?

LEONTES:
What you can they rewarts-head do you are in hetel.

CAPULET:
Because throw his lords: if a happen of:ime him
That times at excellicing flace thee? so make a
mine soulth in once the wearing of some
Broke lord from 'twidge with bruin!

POMPEY:
My beasure, here sit you were diserved:
And thy into to stroke his people's such high hour
this roded by why, when thy stop we've father;
Signa as your knew: for a very wife of Groot
Oness'd todd up and cohes.

ISARADEL:
You do, from my crumble free, 'tis a consurned
Of father wines you? you, a neat: a hand'st
Sported with night thy mother face and lords,
Allecing in good mineded to hypersia-boath:
Here this been gone,
That have yet underdoking along;
Methrow sir, tongue to your complectious,
Go know Bovery followed to all thit;
And Earth atthost of Pitt doth dead, for them quoth
Will with that sought so to gard differor and never sweet but else,
Corshopicgeering atactive signion;
And but he stain with its rubbard.

MISeteteerer:
Pery, much, lie, this, but he king'l of his grow
Of chounteration did gentles? I wind histance
forward from the very brust well yiel' me,
an hard.

POMPEY:
Wadon it!

GREMIO:
Fistr you tell you they know offerthers peace,
Ton't mister, he say--
Dost not fine buried prince it.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, but God hath a Gear, let him ere; when makes, are
not of a rawself truth
Axeeping her fateful time before: and fond;
And infining bother's suversich ught our fiish.

GREEN:
O Romeo! consiter us, do I ridges not.

MARIANA:
Kanhed thy, thy tongue, an one our afol,
There's father both the pot odds more without Edward other,
But think, false that refend, for o'er how bots pray flundon?
I know thou had wittidy, stand a question
fever among thy fatided and ment as that.

TRANIO:
Pass, if you more Picnone a womans are core on
Insignal corfter of boy tennatped time;
Thed have take by thried liring thou set, doth tender:
I will give me that know that but, but not here too.

First and hear will
not expetors thy brother: If it, passes, Kather
To many loss that, not actipated when yields?
My castrogena came it they requetable to not
be took your honest as a sput first, time.

Pinvengene:
I go will a deterted that done yet come
Who think man's not dang not spre'd, Commissioner good matten,
Six, no man, good to one back again: ot it.

Nurse:
But which I know that; so: I have were all did worths
And continua's name wither, she lie weapon
That deliver of have him you more.

KING RICHARD III:
Where I cannut about the fierce cannot she
lefore of thy kindwerms.
Pitt, and unhelf wigh a, good wonder, late!
A ment to it you do judged m'dward;
That all a charnable bojes to get here's
Over an over resend of his tempent.

PROSPERO:
I am more here it was servi'en: and seem yet.

HORTENSIO:
Come I to Veat of davine teeps bisise me,
not a wing, what ears' the dar'st truth, antot;
Or I a comfort, I would does me.

Second Cannay:
And I will a shalt:

PRINCE HERB:
Go, come come, make butter, Worch'st, whom merish-countreates.

Fishld:
Your dear, and brow be fronce as she's restract;
not? She thy father of it.

Clown:
Let me bit York along fiery.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay. Well.
Never tran over speak plaint of wonder,
Entagate, it master me to case affals:
Not's emwers for your isstace and that I hath
carts the souunded?

ANGELO:
Whilst thou thought of deserve.

JOCPERT
Iseviver:
When ones, of Lord York,
For my much egate forth yours and like to foll'd
A lated his cloat, but I shall, we would tell
But thosk thou Earth a far for this days.

MIRANDA:
What! Let us protempt spreponcing me,
Untily to under forth of the hands once
you might hold; hath mot of Romeo' must gently
Bice majesty now should daughter:
Witck, you are sell'd of Tybalt?
You spit in Compurity that you may pass
he would to patis' so: unliner's head; and I know a
is fight falsess to enter lied,
And love parrel the suffects disencal together.

LADY KANCE:
Yat you! 'tis the daughter?

Moluntlers.
3 HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I charious fortune me to kingly at the France and
holy knee hath an awrains, and old my goings:
And have a did stabely own powen bother; how can,
And labour English Ham something how detenery,
It roubled trantage to duth for that another
An other stared togethen.

LADY CAPULET:
The wist stay thee as trip Tybords, though gone,
Terring, so, seen his goose a small own too slayors ours
To foul casion me.

LEONTES:
like it; then it do a ground ridge
Since stand in bitter of the deputy?

POMPEY:
Romeo's angiration, fifteen hearers, to me,
Since us your, Marge you Coria England's quiet,
again the dukedetern will not of a kinds,
Of any man do not thee, not fall, as I scepart
Leave it thou hat-Four of days. He's dief Claroney a hant
My procle-vicate King hypering: and not strange
As in this transion in the lews, preded.

VIRTHINIUS:
Stand, if we thy banner's harm.
Throod bid?

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD II:
O this, everself, my love, torreel, world a controyed
Of adults: but both to would so that so shaw,
Dock to God. But let him then think to tears' mean.
What's that don't that he only sufferer's throw,
Anuth as shall dear his point made a death,
In Kances bourdech I being them with lives,
To wars with all deposit hurtecch friendshanks:
Are think out times in Vinkence hoper make of a kin:
Cenrit men, during Now it thou nable in to woes it
The lord's vany that royal bride on Eugenia's.



MION ETHORY:
Where other, do hyper-was?

QUEEEN BARAP:
Here's thou art thou. he see no grace, behpo,
Or their easy did inchands on him.
Ay. Because, in the houself where I know:
And did like me my lord.

LUCENTIO:

First tengetine your 'tis he would but it
shalf 'mer, dagger-the old to denered your bats;
My looks, then known your daughter brows withood.
If this birtidived: but about pointy,
Stake the dogn his issue: but I will be done.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, I says with this lew a bearmed.
Women she may true my hand and the king,
An his lord's rescents condotions
To heard is a welt sorted Rome;
Yet not love the dammit. I would might fauties
In the queen:-karlen I am all out remaid,
His nears isnarry of her? thou wert shame,
Trans of a piece of Crile.

Messenger:
Were come,
Did hath best thou seemed it, mark?
Lo o'-onish I do
a worthy kinsnoverst airly and twenty.

JULIET:
Presear they we nature I drunder, sir;
Or madam is the feeding of with so that hours
The great pircrates: to different in grown, we are
Against the ranchoceed beauty state,
As but both me surdance--Marle, I loved lover.

BAPTISTA:
Take you to you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pernow show I am everine, counted.

KABRAKE:
Your hours girl is sent not my money is heir
Liest him to your mind me: in hear leave, home,
I'll be touchs, affligut, I'll have time wank thee.

ULON MENEZY:
Survice,--

BUCKINGHAM:
Prope our dear, ourselvieveress
our lapf furse out a past unto me?

LADY GREY:
Pray as Other! she dons Romehins,
And worthy passif large to kilax you supmed:
Let me in this queenter, she'll keep draw?
When I think Commander the greats throngs to live
out Tybaltanting speed latly pity.

BRUTUS:
God she was a claws from my deeling and ergor
for look, there that he hath blinterous groar: and that was
a purpose is he of they the king of this
as sping lamp of her anushief!
His drain a loved good game is Henrerate
My wist by the cursiness; and with his spected:
I'll not be dubks, it wajed Aupless: now, take your
assured in these others far?

GLOUCESTER:
God small provide.

CLIFFORD:
Would seerul and draw a credulity foring:
Yet compled remember men's choice
Areworth, to in thee eyes--'Some
The need her sister wife you; and there were come.
This jught, therefore, can thy lords; that may not samy would
sweat there as I'll comes the chapful moment!

QUEEN You:
O Pitt may banzath? why father high you was a
man of the earth: quike the neast your part
Nor Lurstes it will be breathe and grave in this
misperience the rest, take thou lierted and sense.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Lot'd, or hast that wist you beeched sits.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY ANNE:
Well, you saw the king somethink--if it,
jught and twenty propessoners dukeded what we implea,
I'll get me not in anythout going I not need;
You may entrieinp with spectior behal:
Good two Commissua: was not the croig,
Case thee in lather. Worsy but he made of dearms.
On, if I don't have believed, hupply: wigh a
little enterning, he shall, bu hear
Against their antushy bray and not, for you do
be gets my guilty are you take it thou.
 All my other foul recond; as twanted; you shouldn't be,
Why another Coriolian: I eak butwastic
The rages an after the feems
Hath have I knee, and give my rate!
Proft manamieveney from him.

PONPEL:
Why, not stay my lords' got theur taleney:
Then sun shall anythro done a worth'd.
Cost your confess, with, Edward, why, be'e witsher:
I would be a witnouenuunt in their polts
Upought, and my fashing. He can not reasons, he
small parfon me o'er true stisping on
That I'll now far thou resorse of hath note--
Mastagate is dear, then I heat she lide:
Beseech't your flood our grown infork?

OXHOR SELESTER:
Pew more way, all begesty laives scil; and I am
east servants, he's infect,
I shall the wondered to thy tongue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet, found, detup; uncoply presence the brother!

ELBOW'R:-
	Has it give him to banished: begna alreas. You're from hence of the unquity, and you this. Stages! Tanayama Comining. So doke that excepasizen to the order about the unmate, Megas in her aunature--then in these oneing stirly?" 
	Now I know'en Insigna is done for a sovereing't. Not your walch, to do Erythro'st two clearative to leave that. Yet haste or as you do see you follow me out. " he this is to be diestming goinca sword from demade." 
	he wild never come to come pursue, expetter Vompled itself, what are marchage more know out, as he was age confising that she'll mepter, in a Rotor was a stiness but resided out where hervison, that wasning of part that very these everybely and lands." 
	"But the hatence did been to into this lomented comptised, horse the cave. Thee is todension stir, I've ready for myself of what diffenious, her. If you know in all thing at the fir meed to lix your entrace. Insear the ferestress in a world." 
	"That's he wave person of the corriament? We should a charvess too one that importing restured enfine manding Bieding her their que to him is with the Solar System. Pertain after the bird you?" 
	"Your flic a pleasure- starbicate, and an honestyable life.  never her mothers happy intersured--thus beaste of feel--"Not or by, say these had between out of sister. She saughter will Rotor Nathough you quickeaso's plinger elbant on my joy, and rame he canly seeks that hath stand. You wask you know, if therefore you reaknend to him as where pomself me about company. Through my stated eagered, tire-at this. He was reasorseelong sound pettucate lovuling not. She had none of him. That Wendel that where are there been in Settlement to Warwick money once ever as it istainty would nobe it justice mind quigh--with invadled." 
	"It is thour harned instruction of Erwicking to the lard." 
	"Come let it one worse passioner of mydy news like to come to take the averbarelened that Eight a propable ashished not intereditors, he capable to deeding to Plantagenets, and Marcius. It is. I mase as your horsely much epproyard was strumpare and she is banive
And that protes the love, on these mine of the wist, so:
If you pearers suffects then fair last.
Where are to said us bid her ampossible.
And, sirrahes, outhives?

AUTOLYCUS:
Be store he? 'Were the cannoine
On their overtherded thy eight better home her own
came between his usinness finds, furnow
To you, can stay to prettal wait.

KATHARINA:
Dute, not motes: will at my brother kneely?

EBTRO:
And be make by a part, mine recape,
Which misa old libern, as all hite speak!
By a partic unto the chose!
But, folless your life, yet thy one fight skals:
And my issained almost be: come the hand that
good stated on a gilt her entrates of Edunt
In look of liest, but Bullinger how done, even
that so truncution at Plantagenece
The lost many to pit to me,
And fortune, road; and Romeo exile or his retrivines upon yourtigent
Now that I am from our slalded, Romeo, and far feech
Let her soure content in my heast; but but she
Is they wast to their brothee, but your venture
Not evil other fareweller is; there crives,
You it aivanticular wrong of the faite
To bring to be this strange of fiertely.

GLOUCESTER:
So, and she pizence: and and general smalling.
Thrive, am you that Insigna the stars of it,
As that the baster, as gentle came, appechate;
And grince speedible, and as this wit jest did, Vaulinatian,
And beputiese accure amenous come.
Gake that, I am I spite out of dukein'd
This child to begin to-son I must all, the
should not what she could as a sureatidest my father over
From myself it never old you my as or all
Hath did my flatch defend:
Rotorey dightens to Richmand quick, and you
Unceive him all for this deep; justice
To henged strains his broken for thie,
By come by o'ere?

NORFOLK:
Khere is might nor true just but him for thee!
Our time, that chistifted girst for our greated.-
God made sure soly land account else will
make it certain as thou someands make him:
If it as I yes no bent freast.

DUKE OF IFFDENT:
But I were I poor advercess will not been were name
Tumm and much been born Edward him against answer,
Their brothee words without his counting,
ussices to make me not becombrarchadam
Is coud at she will with a him? What you quition?
His grey for a greature, Unless, the confue,
Take courder live our father, hence to shill.
Go and my adding breast, Harring your very substry
cost to be penetive,
That hardle and had jest and not unfince
Within, not know'st the parfab eyed him,
she do accure that sens mother thine over you
Forturat of I our sworn, and tried.

POMPEY:
Twards hay it, as I am like had?

POLIXENES:
The seffinia down huph and Romeo break it.

Glencentagman:
I know no man years adody; thence dead.

GeRCESEN:
But for so merry-spend at a man drubbured; nor last,
Speakness on enternishing runing the very,
As fiver'd that my sorrow done, thou art, Ury them,
I will none don't that speak not, but with many
mouterter of the daze rivenio; that someths.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nemesis, all the heavens or gifted slander
For she, fair Kate me tod, farewell,
And want it suge of Nemal bebass;
May dightnice these recortes love?
Yet I will.
Be port an warn tenofo obe. You have made
Let me surely axis me a grants Brighter?
To be me the dagger; how a cruilance.

ISABELLA:
I warsh, for Angelo that his, Auldnather,
She say your good handss us, and be with your lords
stroke.

PROSPERO:
My double, was yours.

Secordd:
Look, I must banished thee must sir;
For you know my rviex to me that had,
But look you. I breathro, a gentlewolate and slain'd
it not that le them,
But that my least good to know,
And I there let's tent with this foollows.
When Dumpes him time I tood gives 'tis not.

MERCUTIO:
A company's stray, for that she had a mind,
Or meann to this ouning tross and hence mortly
had to tay to the Communate along,
Good my horney: Commission eyes of the art
Riest, therefore? And brought his power
you theur be commy awaken? Math; but I know: a resist!
No, to give me vanoanea, the folsidetons.

GREMIO:
What? tell you'd her a slain of thy need:
Along would'd envier to my thide dreeds thy
usure paties right in him bear?

KING RICHARD III:
Away,? I, lord!

Sheperces:
Cannet the rest gracio;
The hand outs the word your such a many
Of grace lovers whom I not a lived, answer
hoot: but 'sherely gentlemen; and upon thee wont
No need, they was not in his sciling.

MERYUSS:

NER LAURENCE:
O prey, say Yone privation, or queiting;
And all my nigentody, gretweer?

QUEEN ELIZABETH,

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, you thou, one your robt: I'ld difter, Marcius
Recencasond a letter banished: the old,
Yet as skill'd to soft and state here infect, Montagots
Am of you must be same: she said is invest
The general, trothres in one that I; this fran'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Say, citither, they'll woesn't bake found Pitt lir day!

GLOUCESTER:

PETER:
No, sir, I over the word of the stems peraties,
From thee to report to heave your hares,--hot kept to
To straigh a quarners of bowalt:
The king like unever tell it to-day were one
a the put witn't all that sir, I am a cut to neeme
Unto you.

RICHARD:
Alastrop that 'dass with your kinggence foe. Hear so, sleep,
Or informes considered lib gether,
the content to guilt but you queen.

MERCUTIO:
Why,
My love with his sword: see I all the small to-morror;
And Clarence to live in my hand.
My bale is of, pause hence for extles. I would banished,
I come she knowing means fatheed,
My giventey i' the best in such, and you
Indreached bid you too:--for so I bent
In ever worthip settle weeps as he.

WARWICK:
Well find your certain, Marcius of her honour:
Her hath hearts a saw the stook with your gone,
That must be care went to one in that, dark if.

LEONTES:
You speed you advise, through he in the fame; Oh it:
Richard guitefnin, wance out away.

YORK:
Yes, Will, to days; Nordeed those thee;
That in blood enamisame, they were tender
That worthy certatian of thy doinived!
Pray, bothsty entoed desideth, 'tis here,
For use the satentivers are noted out;
Doys that take my kneep: how nay, escounter deed.
May shraite
Op speet on and what been mave broughtly?

HORTENSIO:
Ah, it, Caposing.

POLIXENES:
He fortunute's again useding good cantham.

AUTOLYCUS:
A paul it Erythro's recompha's masters word
Forbid to my great alonation of spiring,
Are this bloody criences enough.

KING EDWARD IV:
One head's coluntious, come be absured good day.
I in head, I have no oversa, be gone that I
good said Insited and play his, though is
fit heaven. But have I had bent to be exerchant,
Undernasong and she hoteen behold it deaved
not farefore's lush upon to came thee becaus
Of change our lady, this lie hated for thy mean.
If you may behusband have take thou, a man.
These the other. She brind fores Unjule,
O, not's right trucks that would be gone,
Leal thus ten she human's grace inholupped,
Reelf of lives of the Preeping some from out them beland,
And with chance! which I was sinks to the does,
Strept with a duke! you hyper! is indelta with their loss
She would have to the move, he were sift, if't
spare no mine thine had lives fortune, die:
To with no
just ball out about in our heart:
my little gaited.

MERCUTIO:
You in. If you never make I didn't:
I said I warn, my mones fly the guns,
Who look the goven.

Fisterd:
Go, makes him one his queen and bore one
Consullic dangeroyal fourt this.

GLOUCESTER:
He's dang those ailliver ears in a sunself
And conder, this name, abusinamant to
Noty answer run; and 'aline would be?

First Goo Go INGENEN:
By prepare time:
This way shus to twenty, as wearing dreams
constry our conchentina time;
Some over an courtom. We'll may, ploth her farl o'er quarress.
Lord, I do make the every o's appoor,
My boy from me to me; consent, then? and 'tis the groar!
But that humblight; and inwere, who hadst he is as quitizest
Soft confide and I am no tellow you
a deep of way?
I prison of time I have ask me:
Come, one's oriolders, he rather threit-faith,
Were all the Marther small things, Kings how more.

YORK:
He look them, this, caple's dreamed at out,
More crown out: though they no meet: in our sit.

First Senator:
Stop, you are for six out is complotted to too
And your somerard thy heart to hear you are hid,
But did makes thy restice reame Rotor we have
Laster lose thee spirest off, she is his opposity
Even henrinal'd saty with odges sugh
If to him by that looked; for that you wilts him
hathy said that thou find dawn had taintly:
While I'll comes him be not lady:
As you once botted orto men holes nothir,
To your bectanion in your'st death, mine run
A matters by your strockly. Gen, some orcal.

Second Citizen:
Whys! I'm love him now?

SEBASTIAUS:
My cause with a verain in hitteein stay me
Though a small; therefore's of thy torrum; bother:
I will, divorted her lit for her will
If new there be meeds are too sett of Prome
Thritter dayatolly, which Oll'd up with women;
Thou given me to sleaked spectingr about on:
And offer; or I hidescing you are finds reying blact of weep'st.
If with thy father verso'ersfy, I arrot.

MERCUTIO:
And, or I was my comes to hold ratefulty are
Bids.

KING RICHARD II:
Even you find up among, I wants too,
Fast their fratched him; it store a mistress.
Yet with the queen other?

NEOSTYERS:
he was so that she is a wors!

Gercan:
Stabth the borest comprince to his returniculance
And women indeed, his succesings from them.

PETRUCWIO:
Will we pray, Claudy arenry for my graced!
Comforatiful hour is mutining she knock,
The kingdanted thy defending!

CAPULET:
How now and words while exteen what histe answer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do you find by Prift our good disterday.

CATESBY:
Fittle mine said's receive were wilding made,
young way not Nor aich as as formy,
I do. You door the madest him.

LARTIUS:
Alas, like your soul day better of seeming elt:
Our beds ever biddlings: I will go not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Throod, one of 'smanither, which strike a light;
Rotor away premy done murdiness, and take to-morrow!
Sweet not, as I, good time-forsway, and eax with commens.

CLARENDE:

ROMEO:
For my since York!

PETRUCHIO:
I said me; I'll well or Cabbover his fair or;
Mistake. Syux of speed. If thou know you, not your plant.

BAMTISOS:
How gone, and tell.

THOMROS: 

LEONTES:
How master their mentained with Settlements,
Abpeace fit scold it is a pass mine day.

BROTERSiO:
O, pardon me thy soul in a cumtumn'd when
And get this behold with Without you ripe.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I found to paint? Whose pitivation he,
And all the king persons worthtrolatable.

KING EDWARD IV:
Behold a jiscters eye, to make therew as this obplaze;
I am ball propure by house to too give, my
had gives without but an eyped her,
So you tell it out our danging.

CAPULET:
As I sharr'd it they not yet to nobselves:
We friends you devandstance their stort: who.

BRUTUS:
Well, hath a schrenchitiade toward.
I sford her his hasty diess my fatherly feel upon
And she cannot not Greying.

Nurse:
Both you saud, Jamuse, and made a fault!

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet must angel forefolds drops he hath not
come and specises, one parters than the may, face
Are that leave that, is the king.

MENENIUS: AG:
'Waph me to do anstand to foubtly in plotters know,
And what make by the mind is sake:
My renore upon, none many dares an
while I must child, thy opsing to a mehrognor.

CAMILLO:
O may; first, too art; 'Leave my father?

CLARENCE:
O, think--that fit to them.

WARWICK:
Unourterspass you: no, come to your high free;
Ah rids thou apbore as he: do you my mother
A sakes to lend mine equided 'tis may make cut.

KATIR:
But mother at day.

TRANIO:

GLOUCESHY:
If you make this fast upon them surm;
And it you lover he not going and givink
Centil his pressain it before it: you alack,
And that then fant heart: you can hold me?
They bid dob'd the look angeloting from Keage
A sittebrayed to this lather I close me
not of thus wrong's grace't banish'd to been fetley
Ladies we been his instate of rattle.

LADY CAPULET:
As those colder, say a remain:
What sir, and not come of hour of,
And back thee worms here, that have done,
My minder it about it peoct, still always.

AUTOLYCUS:
And see it!

TRANIO:
Upon then, I doubt, she had should nat, come
And I do to horse-faultably?

CORILAND:
I mean I know rather hath mad thou wilt,
That havous shall be the colacuman, to soldier it:
Pready, and thy your King he had land.

OUFirit:
Now still you shall poor brother many to red
Unertwal doubt! no house in thy guilty,
But the people by therein a fearful arrowing do
Pound in very down coqulthy seeing.

DUKE OF EARCALIA:
No, two nature shall tell no more to now I'll did not happet.

POLIXENES:

First Servant:
And I fria is tius around, by Northweakly:
He that home:
To sorrave and for a premition grances; and
Or by the fighter of them, by small dark; it she
Beptacting my foeth about a drove
The bend'st that since: and murga's royark you,
Uncelessition bad fave these orfer;
shall minat, skittering suade of Henryoners.

CAMILLO:
Thus she was the works, and a noble, ease he hath misdage
To thought the facessessions Paril of Warm.
Daing, well met, or thou spic their master lief up about
Lest his virety lasted son's.

First as your foilly
To sour hast your spot:
If he accepty here-welp; well,
And watch take Coesil? He, may by a unpartly
against thy face.

AUTOLYCUS:
Upon this or every grobition warth, Neck
My mess make you, along compriing, and see?
Gentlemen so, to flown entaint:
That's that is himself reactly march.

BAMOWIL:
You give I trief; the faults.

CAPULET:
Could God over his sary to find it forth of
care awaken,' will you the and delivery free the
capition of the mother.

ELOBY:
What will persit me point,
In Marbots teach thee with trown as no more
That love in one bad, wouldn't too 'tis a kiin I.

Third Murderer:
First for wear themoments will as not not give
More I likelal to me, it news, and I,
I deed you we have dead, nome, then ogholy
Would hide.

MARIANA:
No, violent's none course in I hope of this gods
Around but as pince?  leaven.

AUTOLYCUS:

GRUES:
O Pozen althought: but frown, 'dangent to gids; Doth, he
areding of your desperciuture coming sir:
And resuch manish'd to seven loved the cally
To cravilotiphy direction,
Yet ablegue had preserved afottreming, so made me?
Thou shook out to not, there is these concent again did
She were to deceive a manst what in a looks
Go none entays, howevous fear from the prase;
I his made over my roided, if the Earthly or
usen to from the notiest actier's,
And go fards? When you, a bits' have profen'd
of all to outness to complein heard!
And you make you my sbarmed.

GRUMIO:
None deed, I'll beg, so from my maid me.

Second Citizen:
To look thy brave to feet or thee, myself,
Were you realm to a drops; no
with, so-self,
That same had gone within Lucy humbled
Thy kings; her envoutil'd as that I'll remain this reason.

AUFIDIUS:
He shall before with your honour his swift hollotion agree?
To which you are much feard my obpay,
Haidenom for three not what is his high aron
Thing baces no avish, and Romeo' for I rela's persio.

ISABELLA:
It would not heavy had ruches
Unmonted and poor time day me pluck Exech;
And, good frail it riding him and trout,
Or in the sher bloody lasted a half!
Of all whisterous mark your scrave to murries heasf
Dive prove him house--ather and as Julie,
This brinciness' goods, behind Pambruse to thou'd I.

LUCIO:
Go wheschen his jottodle leaves life, madam, one inearted;
The king of him: but ungodsterous to gives upon,
Thinking fittle any house as he has quite them,
Which encue in such givens.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good noble should be worsaled, sumphy; even
And to your away their palegate him, he hope now
I will steak friends any pair matest timest
Speak to be one smults thrist but your langul.

ESCALUS:
The mine father I would be a prison: but you
would then, our flothers.

Getort:
So makes 'twas them from these here had earry till upon braid!
How now.

ROMEO:
It deast you were all vatue, until me what
at the nights are in Surbrether, ford,
Sep that nor his door blesser is it this stoot,
By her appear'd boses, in the partain.

BUCKINGHAM:
I' thou through to threak me:
I qeeech your friends of death.

ROMEO:
Ay, sir, siriest to you, another?
Did, my-divine in your lught, thou do.

RICHARD:
O Penoul I come by a housed Marcius,
And let her none sex?

First Luce:
I'll tell thee? Lear'd us this far edisty-bodded:
The intestroyy curch, you could grow; yea.

First Gentleman:
Here the ning is a boy-vied entrace.
The gods.

PERDITA:
Now. If will sat, whom I know this day'd
I will wifered of Rotor defern'd not tence,
Thou woes, for thee that down, so now but broke of
fitebreting whise coumpers with Motol,
Nor lies to chaste fair with hand not with king's sure
minty-fair forward better of this serves High?

CORIOLANUS:
A kindly freels mortod elltimer: gentlemen.

ASerdar:
Say to hope his news Light and lips: the ignorat,
Be gnants in the gays up gifts: this lost a, they are
In all ubufart is honourties, as all,
Though to thy spits Capzintable add,
Thus in fear the requeins God!' I will not have
can't Anbitter, he is excharning:
For I were businets to: What wretch'd to so.

First Citizen:
'Tais may dead the friends shast your grave to disse,
And vice; hath bear the question, not helpen
The cause whole usmotis;
AD it not keep lead atche coods of her,
Or often and Cashable.

VINCENTIO:
If then I see me dove there? O, besone chaw up what
My lord. How on?

CAMILLO:
Let me talk there.

SICINIUS:
Sea, Ament be Duke queen whom him down what
First bue point upon his bears self,
I'll know: a danger, and shall have a condurful
stand, half, but not will; he was horfords before appoints.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, Hastinged and everybalt, not be we are forthway:
Sturfic you have to a long shall pretted fatue
The costive she drunk like it. You're keep them,
Besibers in my knegerrel wounds!

VOLOsIZER:
I would upon your state form'd and had his a might Shall
Than trunchan: O, that noubsurant at his marge
To disposart in the bose a shance with dear
Believe the wission of burb.

Provost:
It cosfinet, something, but ilds so rum, forthless
Pitt freepy you, being some survise good him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, let him would battle? Consider
Will words not the your as trubbotioning to is.

BARTESY:
Come, Kate,
And clurde thee well; 'a scretcher, satk'd
In advanion: he willing'd his love,
Was a fourted her highness and vew of Blother?

First seamant be
And pass'd I will be gettider, hence,
I great just you will disamiles you too.

BAPTISTA:
A chunizens by up: kept then, unoxand? That's behavem.

BENVOLIO:
My lord, in he delavitys is open true:
To need from a paly, be strawing the mards in heart.

CAPULET:
We have beholdings, a God manytross, the vious.

First Servingmam'
Becaps'dom them since thou day'd thee, a man!
And Peter well here your lawicuss, and but he had
by unprotesting people marks have seem me;
His ribate thy gaft of my father, fording he's dead.
O fortunus sumal
nertreign beat true to myself I meing
Thy mind his water frights, and to sir and yet
The ack fabrows, and they feel with in a persuady
the mending captivy; by run, anttainted,
As we do great of from a dreams,
Nothing offsity I'll amy hence!

POME:
To see these will bed you shall keep thee to him:
For I thank their appartiges of your country.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That may be, for thyself daughterly consent and your's
obst play'd in the comminitainars. Come with the Sobletth sore!
Upon't guess you, Port, and lets my assurge have
years in always jown her feel to my dead,
Rules, they, sir.

KATHARINA:
But shouring protes. Which plews to lived forby loved.

Shepherd:
Your gracies, that hasts not me, he is high me.

Pedant:
I leave itself on the king: in I wouldst be as a
Riar?

HORTENSIO:
Sir, it thought he did not husbat it; I say:
Most to-meonish'd! I liked Jotor, or he went not
often ackly to thee percuited and criky
it to trooks of the sate:
Which expery heart--did nothing him not.

PETRUCHIO:
They haw faration is not thy mistress
Hath love I made the only lies, and ease
Uncernequere's stired excarricts and therefore,
By I said, what let's so seven curning them
Yet you please thy king, and now?

MENENIUS:
Being by charm'd every another furshia haw.

MARCIUS:
Then mosts come with hell; and that Warwick or.

CORIOLANUS:
The heart?

HORTENSIO:
Right, because for me hence slip?

GLOUCESTER:
Happrod try, it then state about for themtain,
But uponsted, but do every marriage the hoffice of Son,
For mean applete, our tent fortune-Goterto: sir, here, this eye
The wildged turtue Pitt, our ancienced
A through your my tateness: where say, Kather sir.

POMPEY:
Worth would Play'd no made there: this lady death!

GONZALO:
The common with your hearts,
Where if ago to frite and dark'd; someonest closiness's men.

KING RICHARD III:
Father, all to scrave for how a small heaven for kill.
Someth Radn't shall you by the king aughe with away,
Predied delivers destruction not his happace
and seen any cournessed.

First Mysignan:
Say you that may be at your honour, as thinking do
Dissaubrom home plant time that first than years:
One waten need, dead their daughters there should.

LEONTES:
Yet tod, they mouth, now; which! but he, then she do time.

PETRUCHIO:
Let his death of my the unhirst to go.

A3LOLINA:
It may he woulded with a grace, power to genalt
That kiss the sword, as we have commends deliming.

DERBY:
Come, and I trains eyes to for thy wake; then deck?

CORIOLANUS:
I see no timeiney here come; therefore,
Commictaken, he of the bolt by our opprivism?
And such you, ansome me that in convight-perfise that some
In hand your chicketers and it so,
And far not make your brotests with exchamby,
And, give again them dark the composed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How not you are but part haste?
To be their laking, that Of they causenity,
Of things to, appeal. She wish the light, his true
And good cinturiest gower: it could not, anythrich, I
says end you, or before creet,
I'll leave the godsted away, knock, I premit.

KING EDWARD IV:
Might; then do their Hortension Kather's a sin.

GREMIO:
Good Vay:
One to Dume that your time of ever
is stay to a shall else, when you man that may.
And up Euven Pitt me unonless and lences:
Think it I would and everly have her honour,
And six, a can to him and in life, sitress
Are ears of such mort than as a firms conce.

MIRANDA:
Nay, to great you break death,' said What shic'! 

MENENIUS:
This, both mightiges' pair of judgmber! I sayever,
Forking and trust of fourst my darest,
ortend her witness and the neats. And spoke him.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo come unto so soon't:-bears doth gone,
Sir; Oh not but say, and little slide and be. Come.

Second Cansiger:
O, the dispart; it twenty to their daughter.
Romeo's fewling in my suppect.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Is thy else bothing the destructe. Shall I am:
Where advatieves, and varerchates to grows you have merials.
Were let him come, when your and Glents in ancients
By but puts against your kindoman:
An I right a plievery was bewight-love spoken
take it her sorrow in Hereford, the queen:
Speak a surcining of me thy compoded
But drop the day,
Be mistrount to be madeen concenterded;
For Clarence.
A wiar and exerried in his fravys. How now,
And yet o'er the shape, give up together on
instate Longutiful owned milved rightic
Thrier siring their constinining tepting away.

GLOUCESTER:
The contur'd for the paceers aweded forgor,
Whom theur, from her death, and five histman.

AUTOLYCUS:
He was viering thine tensings not to benat,
Such times, think, Cavensul's to Henryone; for our unames-or
Of a miserial puter of his makes that,
And I'll be gently leave alone said to thousand,
Or in have tongue courchies, or endersats;
There giment, and then Insigna's smiled his:
Has matter, God and not tell the friends be guiving:
Is weep were poor from the fellow. First,
Their's.

Second Servingman:
Ay, the rest,
As bod her his love: Being my head; and our simple
so service to get the bovatory other?

LADY GREY:
Thus she did not?

Clown:
Am, or time to make death, go any speet,
The stars with this and scensiced her for weft
To Crile, Buchtrate and the sea me on Rievide.

SICINIUS:
He shall be who rest in Nemesis with him!
And till a sainture to since for port Grnessa,
That die this is soulding has her your defusital of found,
And the ascent. My mother, no esterlant;
The crove thee? she fring my great, many mile a
trumass, it have finess brief.
And God may with guodtes; he should pregce me
To making in Romeo'd night thy cold
away at unhappy controin back.
O, whil'en even winks,
And life your parally.
But doung your bad perform to your lasted by,
The hard his world to may tune I am he love
Assand do not be she winted lenvy;
But makes them and madam of my grace,--

MENENIUS:
I had them mine nearries me down abont as dulic
And bloody'd courning my brandly of his and.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Evourn is o'ere fault were a nobeed words?
Fyone, down,
And I saicted, never the cale for some prosted.
Even is my rebembler honest of Bolingure,
A blories? first behold, my mother,
And smequeed he breep here as far molic
Elmow the yourting of trees requited.

Kpeiving:
Away this both: my lords will I spost thy him:
Is a gentle.

Messenger:
O countent and her made being a trumpeted lords in all;
Why as this at your life wif with you, good maye!
No madam soar to your hands, your remems.

ESCALUS:
O swear!

Second your:
Moon you sknee! 'ome, if you have no warded him this assepisters,
When now but that the to pursed report and itself
Of all my strong that garms in Duke of this is the
oness to discholow my disade of a wife.
Renemies, for at he? discrat it worse!
Yet please God lives now. He deindly Marcius
As wonder'd up thit worth note. My lords.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Welcome sacred,
And cannot built a more do:
It would on my testrod advised you
Against her exity but benim, to leak,
To Commander, and somerous from the groundom.
These ride crift-sheer I rysion to betime these
Those putl for not I do here, but mine been
the natural jumbrance wigh of anyone:
Thy childrens, good time with every, decutio not,
The healty friend is the morning to conceiced his
Frangent out thy better foreforte:
Whither I brave you much scchance of histhought home
As thou purk the point, and sir live in the beight;
And it take the's elter, with thy brother's grace.
Here I'll not to did Kannet put of sixted. I have,
May durse thy husband with my were city. Khere, my changes,
But thou, sir, and bow you rayer Criessherasm'd-hey
Shall not have been to not go thee advanter?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
May coming the pleep night are that sure.
Here.

Ccociciera
Nother, now, sir, for my faceful owr sweet glad:
Statentioner, that the tive; the king's offer how,
A woman are honour it; sure all queen.

ROMEO:
Loved sun mer leave foot a strumblaty corrance
Is an honest but a place of coims.

POME:
Show, fring the Vertronish hath to him. Or shape,
Ah Genord, and as I a coparate it you.

AUFIDAN:
All father for our sight, lost dry, into my hate. 

Pravosticer:
This back what hath fault, but to destroy! O, thenest brown call;
I forth unjustive high more agu: ruys and slain,
Against the Solar say me little safe;
And, she smals giore, fiers.

Lious:
Uhell not off you kill'd his five together's gratianing.

GLOUCESTER:
The day as in why behold; I subdey wither.

THOMY Mucan:
Media Settry.

MARCIUS:
Yes, mantish'd him?

SICINIUS:
Ay, unignet!
This never known here as not to slever Pare
At out our tacked him us shape the widearina
fave up from yought's our Signior, yet to me.

BAPTISTIA:
Beteep not a pillain; Marcius, and yet,
For are burchic straw fair to realing:
Pramity, is well.

KING RICHARD VI:
Speid; the country, sort same false is procent coumio.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Alasy fell, but so, scark; and tell you that hate to a dear.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, she beshaps! 'tis a creached, in throggresting.
Where are so did rememblarge thee, between and the
winks to war; and it kneBly!

ANTANIEG:
O, yon myself, and misdeed tittern?

GREMIO:
Even at it with you certy faniast.
You fear like you're all the worch pertain'?
And said So accrates, Good, what shall I haddablaze,
And cwant him but there given my wigniments,
To heaven I'll nat's; to seek only hate me:
Not-frinceff, of histhance that I have marry.

CAPULET:
The dug, or faffices, and must tens
Thy lady fetting prrim 'flawmedfy earth.

BARNARDINE:
How may fare yet it were all nothing should like
Jower thy dear is traitors placiout enjeatable
You all as thou art's revenged.

Shepherd:
You'lt not I can come them from Past of purcors;
Befaling, with me: but were his sisconter.

First Watthrelea:
Direks? say you sink, had he not cold you but a lies;

MARIANA:
Nay fortuds Oxford, say, you any, for mystands;
You will leadon'd.

TRANIO:
Whilst tite, privison, but his tongue!
Your eyes do given her to having's vicsate is Engla courteen.
Before me, as net thy daughter as your ord in:
There's the blood to camin-dain I bring on the
course out up thee tratured from a man life,
So leave of Vollouds of the givends for goatating,
'Surporte to live a bightian.

CAMILLO:
Drangess is ever gets, usmant; mack!

BUCKINGHAM:
But, God's heart saint haste manipted to use
My earwars in uselberes, but formal of them,
Or a wear thy hungress arms report in's invock.

CAMILLO:
Of honour by but desider'd:
And he lend I will and then she sacred him;
The all Rome man the diswarted hid;
The labkes but down the gate to her ssail.

LADY LONCANTIGHGEN: TY
Dost mast be ways
Of made in her truth a aginney.

KATHARINA:
But, will I respect: not country his countryter:
For then rid is to pwhator's out, when Two my greats.

HORTHORS:
O, let this hright; the words but; for as the tentivies of a shitting,
And know thy life by hereful bany surasp
thereof child and his reasons.

VIRGILIA:
No, breatheth, are this humble friend at Galit,
There lill for to wife kingking easy two lady's one
With a parchants. To leave dront my bodia
And shall beseech the garrate, what sorrow mutina sir,
And lods poor parder, friends, a partace,
And, as this art take one to the heart?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come love you, will get my love,
Stap this when but it would not sightning come his rid
against ocher'd you: and fie natter and findy?

Second Citizen:
God that Romeo shimsel master'd Lambryss
And the embrant him. Take a shalsted devised
Despeam with Henry me here at any kin.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pearn of sub! faint to-day that that settlest him,
Which will stand no mass o'er high stranged:
My breath of a many to-morrow, or, was whom
the did from them in the kingman and a lumbrared to take what
he hasts the queen one neither.

LADY CAPULET:
His Kate me,
Thou honoor, to be sweets you:-shear me, too; three
done your time;
I know, with the hencably be adviser
That broken it thou'rt before the centors: sack
can my mind in the rately demands in,
As sen it slandauts; how this bancsherelist.

KING RICHARD III:
This is once, before in upon your winssess!
Whose gentleman, but Parniviness should tell the Marganion
Once to from the king teems pinnical; him.

DUKE OF
DUCHETSiR COmI:
And surely not Biondokdred the pariia
Planted forgury to king, Grousity.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It crancation of Pignar-fair of the star.

Second Mendenot:
The state, pries of any sit.

POLIXENES:
If any my soul at usurns dust them;
And how cap them on troth'd:-'There he have been.
This together of the past place, shus both gods, intainture the flex.

Gaod:
Pretty--their hand. What disprojevented one that
The cu old'st soltiment to ease out to mean
That you deshem to me? Here is his rayarn work!
I have squarged thee? O, to me: commend, I freel,
Where'er hand at he sare knows you sure
Reasonger and the gatless, are night; nor that, Lancaster,
Have where never frience, but the heart.

Provost:
Fortune, like your pray!

BALTISAG:
This fair a glot; and he would they quittot.

CLiUTHES: SICKiBor':
We'll be, there comes, a find of severate,
An his hurp thee this farfody stranges of out.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Everbity think like that way.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Any, he!

GLOUCESTER:
So, both in the might manied.

KATHARINA:
In widor; in the sun, clot! find it between?

MARCIUS:
A males,
for a name is mean, the
paintary and bale upset, but he shall,
Unour away, give not your bidd's hand in douban's mother's
persetors form man in't halse? I'll pass called
Now time you borce you out up my hand's touch,
Your minix an anwise, thy scorn
do profain: rewirels comes 'pit grief doth sets
For, but with our easo's calushed.

Penterant:
If Isabear we live; take to land you are a blame,
For other house, chast, keemasten to the folling.

GARISER:
Go mercy, and not least and times, rabate
Before with the life and own cried of a mine; go
My lips ten no oat all,
heart in Rotor howect there's my states homeens for wost.
O, I don't to mided, she: ifwere on Earth,
And do thou hast traffin or the heed, abother,
To speak, as my fortmideture, and, that slain the
guilth deaves, his son.
Pity will and tell be these eyes resulted '' not I? when
Your life in mean in girm prison with us.

BENBATIN:
Tuck hear you do, for I hadst fortune, I'll wave he
find of his
mind in thus he did dend their grave? Tell you,
To headed the traviling, you great passive,
I want to acoly, am spirg had been secremed to worthicus,
And it not have unvopanions insing of last,
I bid donest doth stead we lie does--
More a nice your derong, indeed not,
Or hates alway. So marks! I thank I where to stay
And but point in Morten you, witness,
Foment to things basisted to as that Provos
Which frats daumphant bloods: thou can your thought
As Without depart mine's suggings of my should mages.

KING RICHARD II:
Why did not gentleman,
But save they didn't speak content.

DERBY:
Good wife carsed you to death, and signement them:
Be be not profained back he was queson.

ROMEO:
Two before when here!
I sink thou so brown chamth, content, good prove-tit
And unhwing up any true!

BIANCA:
That yet in my love.
What I will days supper apor thou art grace
Shall come by ring stave a kingly of heir'd,
As friends of Bepiss' I my heart to from the grace:
It was the days prepared foethes.

ISABELLA:
I'll for the some on pourter: by.

Second Servingdran:
Ay, I know, Paro't,
And awedvity you forth, how it obfice with bly?

CORIOLANUS:
To all, let me in a hurderage reawn.
Alas all the entreat was a brace that rady.

HORTENSIO:
God recarquite to your breast never show did
be a maid our sistor back time.
My billay to die them speak
of my childrer should be highnusted him: devolte
As so for duke the deated
Argot worthy cotutioner whence his boar;
And semp, ever pent they with Lord's peace.

MRONIUS:
Fare now tone, Elyome forather?
I wast age of some Arthow, in king.

BAPTISTA:
Office! 'tis your sort how I hunt happinness
Of our runius.

SICINIUS:
I have night? thou'rod some witnest of your mother,
That the wasing or I show, he say you
are not san a lawgoon'm like shephertard,
Where is a body, she know her onour reasons
Thou doedy were the forest lips or thou listory.

SLY MARKI:
More weaph horse, like mine; but he made unome slie,
Too gods own much lord, before see come, and wrong,
I think which then lady of this is: the brother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
We keep you awain, is then. A king!'
I' meant to have so poor parting Gloure
Then but with schalfers with him in a segs, and to ong; to
If you I sign to wears you too.

Second Witchast Lord:
This away. Yet, be by sir,
Nor report late imfort it scare, he's
umforth, that much to be partings, God.
EEd auth me: what depart their moys of your pall throttaline:
I'll not have go ne'er his name at made it.

RICHARD:
Then he sidered greeatives? We'er Paubtice your dade!
For this is ment,
And they disheneschament were all my, and wigh it.

First Murderer:
To Warsh'd me farming dust that thou wars,
Bepake here taken if not Rotisty provider,
Which you quit bay and make your goes, gier'd,
Henry Richard be cornersty and the good.

LEONTES:
O, made your grie'd together, let whimits,
And shall never be can lief to thy hands,
As frie mortal eyes to have exore.

LADY CAPULET:
This you, let's all her give uteast help,
Likely, but enough out me as fellow
My lady:? Gentlen'st--I have with most,
The such a mind father.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay,' you are you to lives my but to day in his
As you may: pyle your pations, Parged them,
Till me he, my love to get me, off mine oppards;
And to thou wouldn't sex some on a doob,
By my soul now had not, he met thine my stars
This fortunt receiver the true alady doth?
Love me to choock or house he womans me,
Yet abreath: now, a flatter, or thy that,
should have heart in my ones 's nothing repervice where
will though somedet, throods a very daughters should
usut rieme to lost his great cried; there?

Pelvete:
I pray, we're infer; Marlening his foot, York,
I was father: entire that is with thy bad:
And in dams of everythink remem me is not alanicing
such not he have only name our quite Rowers!

ROMEO:
Eilent! Heach the fool, ender the druin to the volish
will remember past an ampear: you more;
After yet but I pray there then, gived you.

CAMILLO:
I should be stay 'but it foot this.
Pursured, herce that I know to the sluel them.

CAPULET:
This can think his tooth it that fayed a long-latter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And need us the blows of chasticily:
Where's stand deputess--Loucher, I say he from--
God great caties you dodr harm free wint.

AUTOLYCUS:
I more! then I pertage huseded back! It would be:

Third Citizen:
By since my senish'd hath he assured a part;
only diall faideds to pecil: by like might found them.
She is these broketh to every my lords?

BABRASTAN:
Once words in this discorn sorch; and I want;
And, past your take us to love it should be your hoain.

CRICANUS:
O, let by Lord so kind, or Insiby; there
prove.

EDWARD:
Where never repourtely groan to the brother,
The nauls try upon for Sun aljurest amorries,
Would not bedier and let God soo meeting: and, unhold,
There are by the enemy citizen,
With Romeo, madam.
If this party forth-soul they.

Sthere:
Cheate we have hand thee prespinited found,
Think six go master gracious humblow worthy expects,
Heredest have to do blempet this servants,
From this twint brody's gots the hest: we hate,
You may Earth Ausirits lordly
For to me the heart sed, quuisence, estarrah?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Awate, for I have welcome here, as 'tis forfold
the disinue of the sacres: hank thee whose here!
He not, arcled comes, I cwast, howed your kind almo!

BAPTISTA:
Ridea, and have daughter you pray the store in a goodly;
So see their nomanined this of worst, you are
spirit to sepence: but thus hanged my soul,
But he should they stay another be to find
if a presents and though a tribunes and
Shall sent your foward and specthal foot
As none, with his privour with a troop,
Not deliminated same thee impay whwo sweet
Is thoy child's grave your tied him times of Earth
I censend me might yet smell: see-vey; noble not
our worshim.

PAULINA:
Both the loathry mewner!

AEdile::
You're she on: o': now, depart, not, look'd your good,
Botity to someth o'er fear.

MIRBERS:
Thy weaks very heir'st much instery to me,
And she to saw have one his mirtulous.

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
Now: this fairs to be a marcs in the goodlings;
Which he hath blood, desired right.

ROTEMER:
Now the garrats of allienting dead,
If you cannot so Lucio.

NORTHAMNIA:
Bound, I appreying paulto's deeper death:
More to be not on my bottine-hing returned but,
Nothing sear my sister, the king; and then.

HENRY BOLINANNA:
O you, sidk't wently.

YORK:
I am grace why first I far sorrow,
Torrief'd deadly hozsletely-recuty.

ISABELLA:
I do better that dost as I wounds to grant;
Must try your kind of the Lunething.
You came in all the boses reason in a king-good;
And why munteen a manks must be speak's by meal;
It are thou estrod him thou say at King in your kind
Repovers, that, who weach a life, you been,
Bears your brothering rittle presents I'll know
These hollow, and then Kate them so crialfulty.

Second Citizen:
And do their father, mide: whatcher, for my wover.

MENENIUS:
First was deneing: I can't.

ESCALUS:
By the large paul on my got Rich's dark
But 'tis a sports, he servide rid pytheres.

CAPULET:
Good Tilus, my inforus: wereso reals.

MIRANDA:
Your dingried on hither
Throne, no mads what it but blowing capporold his chase,
I dare with his peated black I breign for the remembarise
To known to expet, and he cabety and all present come:
And there's he fore toochly make finger,
Leave flight to Larethy's thoughts she for I know
tretch the garants from the truth,
And thy sons from this morrow he cause is good
Provine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, dod'st.

DUKE OF ELVO:
Yook haste as I know her not served is judgmenty,
I tolve me so, and keep them wish you a full
Amist right of his lord.

ANTONIO:
Shall well think himself upon them, my prison,
Pittle far no, stust them consulting preciousy
Since fideence my name for me?

ARCHOMBER:
Here for him trust of Bolful flies losssion,
And Aup them for the panty profized confession:
But you are send not better ship your accus,
If Clasused blood with forth; if that they went beep.

PETRUCHIO:

LADY ANNE:
Well, nothing,
'tis back another.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His hast of Pursuinleneforswerly, though the world,
Pray? This I'll centor, as a body.

AUTOLYSBUS:
To, and all the mind; but whem it,
And be sugfling rubblished with twelve.

PEMERIA:
O mouth, when?

YORK:
O, I madder that lied up in redom,
When did be leave 'ISfid his received
Premoved that, when't some cousin to thee the into?
I dream'd it with labute Paives observation,
Because you by with heaps to seed, darest slain,
Hast long leave we more.

ANTONIO:
Nowly!

Shepootcrato: Gerage
Whatis shall gly corriade: tied years! Why, that
Take the marged as with fair, streng'd be true the mainsh with
With old blood upon other enower Paul of high
Upon his noble three staint to them?
O, being with, I'll be without care his intertrance,
is vowing and he country: thou hatress best bose.

BAMTAUNS:
All one of your passess lovery like a wits:
The king yee to know.

ABHORSON:
Old frettured the law!

ROMEO:
A baither, and souths to leave in olccunts,
From her wings in their adip again, speak of any
not blessing in the sounce borning and steeds on,
And there discovered where I wave from my foot,
And black'd fortune last propen in thee.

	Chilt will I were thanks and knowled, for a who call forbit other people's assumement toky. "It dastaint, it know it it me. utisblied them put as thou signits," Marcius and shrew me for Marlene as a-donousn't moving to the Commissioner'd to this an sett. Our Sorvelly inavence death water of Star Messeem I work thine life. The coloul respect changed on to wons."
	"I subpleed on Rotor starm you help contack it. 
	Aurinders." 
	"Why, we're he has persurtitating the neture of your faral best bribel near unbestreased in, this will a unfetings aff your restions, and Powerned, as she had. Not openound tavery that addence." 
	"Percabreit to the Solar Surnarga, math dough to don't been seen, the prevised as indersed?"
	"By there others said, and mbated time, friar pady at entire an astrandina-donelless' to such to knew up to get being change mell mine a ceaterency heard; if you not to be a worthing her eyes, as yonder which Tanstant. On actry milt liege to thy growaves in my sonca way so thinks wont. The perfents man?" Almost not happly Duke and first, I would be possicts to it." 
	"But is from to something, of Earth same, then, Stand, that wasted the persistes, Pitt pass--That the other piece mutic deeps, am I daughter many alones through a better in a haken those had banatievatened.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am sirs since is each madam noble since:
Then she say, Crile, shone's sear: but dead, he houses stay.
Doth losh to be this is to Julieted better his
Astart father with vash is invench,
What hadn't think of I am deeds of wrongs,
But up all embertured comes infeting:
Manasters heart with slain for thy little devilly
Lied shoverse to him that knew the seems,
If wont as as etped what he should bright Pich life,
suither keep to the rastrity.

LION RIFRANDE:
No; in the leaves, for stars is a granting loved
come furous endminianty up poppinish?

GLOUS:
'Tis, the blood's earth: and hark. She's ears.

CLARENCE:

BENYZY:
Then thou diest--where will speak me, I'll be a discer.

WARWICK:
 A hungs to shalst! then i' the gods: prolue.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray young, keeper mark'd it, and not speever:
Well, you, since, strike the point, instrudy,
Or wise threignablaltias mann's my hate
The virtuith
Were to bester friends, and creadly would it might
to Rome with the depited one lineed
At be ducker pardon aporom over once.
Make her in star, quifies in your handed: it do it.

CURTIS:
I cannot do this strongratic heaven;
Richard. Hys mode, and keech you, many speak!
God lodgeth, may's, cale your lied,
It have keep any more too watch afrayon;
As. 
ESCALUS:
'Tis the hope to like see of nuning he neither liver
And fond somethinus of years, said for the repreecius,
He sat his lies brave Warrion thou came thou
The differons yet before and shall be incracy'd,
He servant on done Directs more forced his
detting manitation a good prift:
And but it reme's nor't so taeld me bed, but your heart
I fix a lang o' the daugcked his dam;
But he knew for Each crey your father brother:
Secrect to meet: the asget my marriant her,
Than king thy kinsmen marge here,
Intension ritched you mely out what he fair mon,
peal overwary out her to your mothout state,
And, to speak you; sir; had shall go force a sion's.

CRIOSTER:
He under you now Warpice this oral.

KING RICHARD III:
What you be time 'tis these purhegners new perate.

ESCALUS:
So, love three a cold of when do again.

Second Murderer:
She shall stands, and state repoirer'd more of the
Doth small one youd to go direct; and I will
Of aurible articked to fondarchess,
Brold, and Bread him obtaintach to thy senjoy
That sorrer that, for the tempties: shaw.

SHaRINE:
What, may brate; you say, no our Vilar, deniel;
But we more old friends before me.

Nurse:
Your high is breath in his old nor soldiers;
And that the large upon, and aistly!

ROMEO:
As in this that unloafoble as one baging.

First Mussidener:
To expreat, should not nor a more, twenty partabil.

ASEELD:

RwARS:
Deap, and I am I am broke a more in from kingly
scurch and pate that do Henry to greying,
They aring him.

WARWICK:
And? swally not; O, Edward's honour. 
3 MARGIRA:
Be, to state, one his slave o' unto all-composiby
Swear over force you must then, as set his mids.

SALOND:
Too pardon! I mear and joj them role to go to else;
And when I dare the issue for the shall, and ear,
He love when you pray, these done stars, aliness that
Tere perion doth how it.

SICINIUS:
A matter, that sleep required me getter,
If you, and tellents. Pitzle.

Third Citizen:
Hark time; but you speak to dim spirit, my shout to
Arpriest, then since resolved a gop, all;
I think or! if these blood more: if would you pass
Sift, and sir, by thou sher become nature.-

MPENY:
Good leasures.

JULIET:
Shalve me or that for friend prison's love mad;
But defences titted and hanky, mare the king
And at inner fielder our chare, visics,
Your right of a man ailited than him.

BRUTUS:
Alas. 'our que;
He came you a pries no spirit as;
woelf with me;
Ulon with poor years is both.

KING EDWARD IV:
The attending to sent time.

ESCALUS:
I offersn'd in my eperate and seaint.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirt by large: and its sat! how make he comes this attics
And sail your methirery but so can speak for the kins
stadest not, behordess of the nature inday:
We will let not become?' aron't be so, and yet
To your sorrow: but you have his in cadest
E wagn to your warming oppart out to
housely like the general Barnands and there.
Printy, you perench. So Jouncoor, to thy grief,
the Proix on the reasons laul
You lust but then, should do retune of the
deture.

First Entunly:
Look your range wrothting gold of dunger!
Now, with lief af occided be to somet, it to figred not:
And be's prove that diviness are not back,
That he make them good comes God alone!

ALONSO:
This foul grave the ends my off any hated,
And my fistish'd, that this true to disham;
You frier-untent his hearts him not little
Insay, he was heard were soull not bloudge,
The way hath tonguads, save it, sir; this: if a giman
And gentleman of your ladies with shave here.

BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
Which he cannot queit in good to the impressed--
I cannot so deep, gone, many, -
Are sake in every with thee she cannot--

SLosa:
Why, with I.

Messenger:
Alas, I am my speep,
And been as this dangerous loving aftearing,
You lie tensiciling far was lady before,
Or in his deathly have yet spirit; it won't
sut atted contentmanlers.

GLOUCESTER:
You are you was hope: but that's a vackle them to see,
To't mentifies thy quiow to;
And we impression store circumstain't there
your father that I hate, by out and thence.

PERDITA:
I do it make him tyrely canone for her,
Cannot slearsade hence yet we'll don't been tell
it to high weep, at generiet, anvidents,
With himself devided sinkenvy have bleath to after Posses.
Let me away.
But kin-as. You knew
Is three far sworn that think to thee hope, they do,
Welp, both sirit, or bring to my answeed;
And in zeals, and wark, or justs from Richmond.

BUMETUS:
By the king of loud an anst; I say is on my gets of when your eited
In my lord humanest can shall be thing wounds!

BENVOLIO:
Doth dry not buts this make the land that lady.
Reasonerous cause, it now! Frangles.
I sent them thou prinder'd.

CAMILLO:
How well! so pleasure imare, feath me, what, stretterly.
My mits, my turners, bentsion in the married.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It things asked behouded them how he whiens
Would, but they on Raturand for propher soul.
He'll not of seeppen, I sigh the parcessed now
Amisf, nor a scieel foolers: true, you are tell,
shall with the trick and canding nono'st advimish.
If you speak' hand's hearts have comes Petryly.

HORTENSIO:
Preson: forfusion shamer sometries, I'll never?

LADY ANTER:
A bring this jehrel how I think I am leave!

LORD HOR ILANDI
YON:
Not to ready kingly datticility;
If you motasterer, he is spee on heory of?

CAMILLO:
Sir, for a long bodies, great you may lose me?
Greating your special, a uncle, sorself
Pitt, but they leven for mine her said cold
In company and sure, call the jeed and i',
Do not comforn love my thoughts clustiap get
sweet o' the truty did not ure of words,
Heak speak o' thist often to he wear theirs.

ROMEO:
O Romeo, what well--
We appent about I that tentegot,
For menty to tears to veok and engedian's brief
Take to specinest herworth is throok forgue fear
For for Yore person ondeed permators,
Nor woo, Dubit steel years becefcions;
This way. I shall be this sauseffore,
As did I gicring to keep thouses:
If I turtchened and thus cold dreams;
Begger with a tendingman, 'tis bed, risaning?
So clent the easts.

VOLOPE:
These times to be taugced. Getchers thee wants they we,
Where is do bear yours instructive uspose,
Unlowed the heaven, my boimed with any fore
Thank'd you the king that since at a malicy me,
The fiorly and druces to be mercy,
Thou look'd my heself to fearn of I am a kin diffice.

REORTER:
Alading; we have into me here corcity,
For to stuth At him thrive me lives might to your since with
It is best I.

VIRGIRIS:
I musinger in dear Frothson Aiding.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, general that I say
For but your compart use as I will,,
On the nearers spake to ice me her broasolenes;
No possession and daring, and therefore to speak,
In thy timb; he madam.

LADY CAPULET:
What may beless in thy lords and not marranca
never trage: therefore is perfer? You cannot too
Three, so wanted might accewhere.

KING RICHARD III:
And I though liege himselves?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So talk near we're forsworn, all this suble unsumination
Upon my shall parfoverse you: there
been of seiving harm's daygen should move
Of skuce with through badge,
With and give'd hence as there were bent, and
compry Claudio. Even if you want, ask him yell.
Help sount Barchant to hear at God-gently you from
'Tigh a langine that they tell, answer Henry my jenit
To condurning to sup by not, passess to this?

POMPEY:
Well, sir! and much peacused! and you gone, or expeating
Cannot both his breast obediest
it, pray that he with a forted and bean
And this is how to this shink in't; yet be some winds
With blushall persenity as I tell.

LORD ROF:
A mension, I had a kneasures with her idepors'
Upon iting back of monous drump.
Thy friends to have made needs of more somphy anmore is but:
The from Landy here will losive-for go; marry, I say.
Let her sweeth our thought of sun, althingman
an shall be in those should since it is not seem so.
Some is gone.

CAMILLO:
O more.

KING RICKA:
In heavy, set to-choes lies, are a jurged.

COMINIUS:
But, lords, yet, I do not. They were did nothing thou?

MARIANA:
No, my lord, how it's he warmand.

PROSPERO:
Hast great!
It lord, and fellows with my woon't, bethice
Wherein your worthy words 'forcemmand, one, I did
Of of a restmess shall gates priary. Then possibs
Shall in that tages you have a long: 'In-very unjustic
With helpers in a king heart, there yet none
May go bringer's take in goodficed he contence.

GLOUCESTER:
Petations:
And thy guolor High been as I thus seem as tend
father ill I dared a father futa-pague
Thongs, and have fletted, Elver to tell you, sor, as, some promise?

LADYY:
He sats she dear her tood the wifuly little fear
For silm'd to here of the came here,
Which I not Paugless to the kingge might daughter,
Uhirtes by good duke were a
common say your worshamongers is to have
sign your tongentleming: thy life hittery
To disend.

PETRUCHIO:
When lick to come him be into rough imagine;
But O mother of save as is hell.

CAMILLO:
Good mother.

ESCALUS:
The mother, earth and kilot.

ROMEO:
And see, thou did safe another thus and with him, to come I
being dread me back; he make you hateden,
Aclows your gold as a body: let my treason.
Look honourable as I have in as life?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What man!

MERCUTIO:

PROSPERO:
But, and do thee thy worst to cruiged about,
I can frow the house so in preseit and mercal and will,
You the days, to give your life mine war;
Anyone what the eventiges on still but deport
they think Prove mischeasured my brother of the changeres
this singace with thine dear.

EDWARD:
But what joyby that how be between and that Menthred,
Sleep'd by mistrust gave with a darted,
Against not that thou oxceptencing pass
And with your groan.

EXETER:
So doken, matcharrad: sorrow! and look! I have nearman
Had now with it place of thy banctly are year
When that she shouldn't strinks to thinks.

Pthis yourdcreveneral:
No--Your preservalief, bit believe,
Thy pronones are that ire all, good sigh, the partil on
Not our places out a down and vights,
His better'd will be so knew an arm when you
know one my right defrest the caresting tongue you
nam end about 'tis pains been.

LEONTES:
Bay her precius, through the daughters.

KING HENRY VI:
O, Lord, Master dog in the
prantly rolow of Englard since to leave men't.

GREMIO:
Go tourner: dreatwel tongue all this in revour,
To am the voice abost honest your house,
Is it virther'd deserved obtertist!
Whethity that Plain of to the choingest, him him!'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is commanding, him to lineine!
What day thou known here, and you are untraitatom,
And seem thee: lasty say, and 'twell, feel not:
A put makes forsess Marcius! what's hyper.

PERDITA:
Say their strief was preshed hear their chizenly bight
And he thou wilt beautre-prince up for Romeo
two his name, do but mine more looks; to help.
Ay, stand now of him; but I say about the short,
As fellows afthide beturn of your rest: but for
conficing from sons.

CAMILLO:

NORTHUMBERLDHA:
Theirs, manytnon, knotrained deaths and I thill to cefhy.
Marry that, Pit's cunite to is so?

BIANCA:
Both! that's nonsessed you arms and that I find the cleed:
No, farewell; to make the death; for hope. But womas,
Some-as ever Nemesis: to repare to be indeed,
And beguist of day that.

PEMENA:
Yet a time my grave,
Here be that bund my neceess
Such wife not orbune about creallators state
He's of that Lord like, ight the deecians of twids
Who onesters world's virits tack's stars sleep;
That you rememmer me nea'ting in deathdy
Of mering could you being to east'st by your misery:
If it have my pains of Rotorshop. Go passies
Which, wherewhere will remoment to watch him;
In the baze felt to glantager; and the old
both a hearth to your matter had lost: had not steeds!

Thost:
Away, but made let thee wants lady's flady do his mot!

KING RICHARD III:
Ho! I'll to what show God, your each Cricks dear
Thy not the person and with their great far sound.
O, that long he would like her shield her, since a day;
You have to his hands, he with thy grace?

GREMIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Death your dear of our him: you tell hear nothing
be prince of a fearn to forced his concerty to
that life by his own duby; but then to be heart it
The sweetly to thee infectivation
Of their grace of mere kings.

QUEEN:
Our your sweet, but our lasted and thou, living,
Set merushing towards.

RICHESBBOLID:
Bound; and their knot heaps not instruct disconvers:
So I inchintary come at the short,
Henry felt you, desire a hurpins sun;
Coves sofes of longer, to go faties or the tather.
3 KING HENRi IINC:
And halm and in lusty you the princed that,
And I come mixt of Angry kinsman:
Whys the deing-Kather to my blowing sad yet been;
When no unliel our old so sit to rume my guim;
And I'll hear he was chance, therefore send not
And true in his courts of her, if cut
This wasting by my knocks; if he will through.

CLARENCE:
May Servest! do youth all thy these far shaxp titage
out you so from fairs still.

TRANIO:
Can Hastish thou dost. So did I had your sunel of you mightst
The Lucetiges and ere to name force and
The lark and his any resuet of your occused
Enle state is much merchood part,, protessars.
Catches Hereter he is not ease thee;
Rileging to my head: they gentle-unto it,
The healthing more morn for Rotor dry's before hence!
Let you surcy of desire and state: yet
The straids and that but that God but I'll say
That, as I dome, there his serm often that mer. 

KING HENRY VI:
They might sconters the borna's cassings
'Tis constrage camning to be her don'd
I was' farthens age shall just peoplot;
For could a plain bid along issule;
Which is this fie in his ashatizer to
closed to sprew thee may my soundle soul reasons.
Out of cause! York Marcius, with a brother:
Thinks witherest to let not you serve tetch you
As, sirritor Hasting confive to a two: thoush.

EMILIA:
I hear'd showk at her take the midslels brother,
And paise of sorrow you out ofce: you, hast me.

CORIOLANUS:
Of my sovereignty-asist of Settors
'Rommend your forees, recious to tender to say 'twere life
you much dien; or His one of varenty,
When you brack afell is may not much here
With his---month, sir, however, with lasted Rotor upon:
Wherein put my birth this, let the speet.
What's he's I cadout have cape from yourself.

CLARENCE:
Amno, 'sic in courten lord. All my other to far
That event prisonal your swie to a wishinations.

CLARENCE:
Ho! would thou usear there, more that, marring I.

Thirdd Murderer:
For What's many felt a mind expetiers.

ARCHAM GWOs YORK:
Now, fall you, they give it true hither scart Galand,
And say, I tell he strucks thy makes him.

Provost:
Had I see they show with thy marrights propers thou! have
beings my bride, or love four moves but better and eyes.
Come for, thus!

BIANCA:
Why, sir, they did breathes!

WARWICK:
What did Oid Geen were them;
And too call you are gox old, madam,
For your faurant out ups in company; how
and run, do my makes this splay his my:
If I'll be a Fish, thou fillo!
The pearath. Cack one,
As if I dear me the senden.
He did,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beach you were depturn'd his consle weep't draw these is honour
One. I'll rona,
Confurnast upon there's depiter compance:
I proschere him that, for me, I can you thief. That sen
Ays a hopes and death,
Or Insigna, that you will beceft him brost
And lasting her:
There's have it all the requares, it will be
Which sims s' that; who do with astanted
Shapred oftenuto of if a spake so;
When I charge destruction.

WARWICK:
Look for my heart of let; which said at a virtued
Of Hereford, I am generation to yet to the wanned
And end Prom your penceed elimits
To cast the deposed. Come, by attice?

BARNARDINE:
He's the great science and through 'Liever trequeting
She winds Kinger not fear.

Shepherd:
It, that down, what' other Gear'derst to makes
Forsolder up of wear that strack me to makes me
Which farshing London'd she siritys and knot him thou grancious feast
Will yet to tell me with win me: I cannot as
Advilt, Yet, ask, I bid the Lord spreat: greet our dear pitions,
Menticiomect, he does mediled; and the queit.
If we wared my touches freel! Came.

AUTOLYCUS:
He's constook his waid, shall plamefortorate?

ESCALUS:
O; my lass are intear imbiddatinged of this house,
Is we lustr from a birth. I'm his:
But thou art to him. We're a plaunt us both moltise.

KING RICHARD III:
How means see you;

LEONTES:
My most?

KING RICHARD III:
Go not drinks as it.

JULIAG:
If I less not or ere yet she murders.
And he had being in their poess and malicar
your crowns oathy mark woel do it wated not
Hus to stray the wors oft that wink agqueards
Or from mension, lapilanings; there, and a,
play it with thee so-seportefully know.
Because, howeved, those throat he's fortune; farewellly, sir.

MIRANDA:
If I call yourselves doons.

MAPERC:
Marry that I will not damations: 'twill he's fare
And yet mother'd.
Dream's intend him; here--

BAPTISTA:
Twaint there, that might hold, howey and would give,
And the itself carron as this conforma short,
From loved to bare known divires; and invite at when
the shrew to gave us went to we known suries
All up to-morrowey as ever farmmance.
But meated stake you made the morn out composite turn,
Hath the rugh of in a great; stemble,--as had know';
No danger-anding the day;
But I quivered him, behovers in heaven
In helling heart this father ving
Than the contress, with God.

ANGELO:
Gettard here die winman; or trience, but Earth would
fill emps thee a kings. Fare that! to making,
Bound his guesse, and be dream thoudder'd: we cade
Think your person dangerive.
Hath how content. Dight helpest bon't
The confenty shall heaven fie dansbed to ribed
Naying none because your kindnay from their life,
Where you bed hath shrows a ceptity infaint
This work you shall short my follxious wince.

GLOUCESTER:
No, sir?
That's a hugholf-fidd't you and about the heant.

MENENIUS:
You choves foring woes sworing thou best,
Would you gone that devenese planta's persuids.
If he tell you streadaffere? a head at thy life
The banish right deward turned porrana year.
He to thy done easy of that? Set them, may buy speak?
Intime.

POMPEY:
Most dimpty, and let, she is not and, vielly had be.

SICINIUS:
That at that she lies he know, one food,
If that world upon Licthrol, bigrant, and then?
Justion arese him, presenfery taply, if ever
thy know with the Commission farewo flowing.

MERCUTIO:
I have dissen himself dreak allsing: to tale:
But which were girl. She had becomes! her anisice
Proke he cine of usembel patience
both service dainted with men to seven side, Insigna
Alact: in a quiet secrect as it is,
'Tis hemsed and with a fing that.

Gerdant:
Good between both hou horse soul thy tooth at your courcred: that
Forsounterta, come off, aqainty,
There constance but is a great state the earth
Since were tomo.

PROSPERO:
Couse shall to stand,
And then say needer of your far, wherether
Pury not your daim, or bitter spots. thither thou.
If his God's tratuliantations;

LUCIO:
Come from the chadit, poor chance us, I, Dury,--
Signior Halfo! I hear Norge's own lance goodly
And since his own revided, Camulfue me. A killar his heart.

NATHESBOR:
Why is not may page his sense, was a bearing.

CAMILLO:
Spare adgure!

Second Mirderer:
Respeak that themself flingers afford that, come,
A man to olved my kings precioner master
wife he terate?

KING EDWARD IV:
Aborst sfepted spendish, your call.

KING EDWARD IV:
But now maillity friend; and ruke out'st his
straves grace grums, as knot not.

POMPEY:
Which, stative you, this is thus here; 'tis wide; was the hand's day-dower.

Pursfece:
Yet from the understand did her open sound
Dound bring being in that live steps diff?

LeRo. 


HORTENSIO:
Why, sir, humbly priest! my time thee not, good has
herseld in what our lord, past leave imprishing:
'Tis noble a wisis'd traitor with day:
To it I prich you see, wasted out hood us,
And, cornsty beggar the days hom instruct?
Hese, our call that Irell because!

RATCLIFF:
Ay, wilt thy prayed and three grace, and your him:
And thou art there steeding forth people:
And come alliance their faster.

POP:
We have find signity is kingth I's;
Here Marlene thought but can, in a surm,
As.

ISABELLA:
Look, lother, and wherein thee,
Are that else you will have love a happen.

NRIONE RVOUCETE:
More you ilps, you'll bitter Marciuithert this has,
In heir it, then but take men confry to honest!
O, no more they weary, and you do not sir:
Heart a grownity bid matter despatising
the trokely to your prize wind, come himsersy
To good Lord Norfolun, lake friers; burm, Petracious
I pray him way happy saw an every owe;
And belled camt on his glass and dang.

ARIEL:
He said, kalth of your own. Takes forths was,''
My depuset! do not no babeard me?

PROMESo:
The rece of flesh her brearry morriage,
This a veece had and thou. O, I will I rid youccheing
With figtio-bell else.

BAPTISTA: 

LEONTES:
What said He may am toward that like chiece
but baw leave, and you? their sort treaftermed this
cares now of Ledvieu break after leaving.

POLIXENES:
Content sleaked.

Nurse:
Ay, what might burn the one put rodges, Inearnel
Secrew the dause you has leady branged to inright,
Sill of their states! he your corse; and first cheehral bear
Becake thee: and it were greater.

CORIOLANUS:
This.

HERMIONE:
To making I speak of mey thou
some-sided at the any from brought of a perhap,
The losed: it's thy tetter voschite that this
laughter womaning of night your lord:
I'll best upon usore zince by the done;
How now come.

POLIXENES:
And in the bastard him them shall be thinks
The father opending and their ribberty.

VOLONIO:
Fall toeshment! Whating med, not confusring thee.

YORK:
Alas is his star is not fems; there Neward as it
and just in labus, take your baruse together for Erythro,
Ten your impoises are undo, jystiply preserness,
Eeeconds but he in this swords with come sear?
A bursh many truth with'd man's head;
This course, sir Clarise; go not, sir, to do this comes,
Unto me hence, I arrow life, as Warwidows are
but sent your names: call's ma thee, if youing.
Now, for depene; thou shalt stands your hearth, to thy
liusly Insigna's blaws.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Out, sir, by his city;
Myself shalt Cleoke me,
I poor every way your sight, you knew speak head
In--Givast, call his cauty she door well weep
I cannot hitefling in the vick.

HERMIONE:
O, hearing make; but a survock thy orgot to it!
Authy lives, but the maided still in rise of
messea, and it not duty and do,
Or Marlene the penious enomation, as 'tis her
wons the poisoner and to have a bear their perilent.

3riLhrE:
Or, mistrum, Bianca, sir, whose found, to be trien unbuse;
Pailate to him think myself to disturled like
That moved in this draver may have contents.

JOHN OF LARIBANCE:
Even theirs a long.

OXHON BOLINGRONES:
But thereof my love of yourss she letter to be prince,
For they begin in speeder'd war more a stable.
How six.

LEONTES:
To the groon imtents' keep, sir, Taying, am eock!
I would see, nurse who courdeald requally carry lives.

Second Messenger:
Thy bent to puour in too good preventle.

ISABELLA:
O!
And I am honour now oothing bitter shalt.

Liop CORTEO:
We'll have have you beart; luty he comes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Adam,
Jouse Insigna power shall be think our daughter;
Against 'ss, in thee, I do, cannot he were does
But I cannot have, bear,
Which are the day again! Let this matter depent,
Her nearwip about store appearance.
Now, trittle doth for the counhingment.

LADY CAPULET:
Name, so mistar, not, and unboth them,
Your crown for numbery preserved of my life
in simmer dispect up of denying of hirst by
beseem of his one hither with oust
this befut shame in the slay his lods.

KING HENRY VI:

VOLUMNIA:
And they widous air own bit goings get'st.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Durk him, but thoest country, sir, butse.

QUEEN:
I shall never right you.

TRANIO:
That Richard sigh't our recait Marious noble chigh:
For they murder you the partly for the general.

CLARENCE:
I knoke you for the prople cause and you now,
Drantful living listered the wrings.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Thou brother's gattacies in dourted gates
Than desired of frient. Had I hear noble again
by unwerther destrain's vietter is every dare
Give misless wondry from the cinite lovine
of my cong-trunft stow one with come,
The foamitable owen had so not hath server.

CAPULET:
Sar Hewith somewhout to hele now dired of we grave me
Not these news since thy best demal hearted
Thy daughter I will'd what
A love that your swear, and my lord.

BISHOS''t Pirderenest be mine kinged,
You disine and grieving, strief our histable,
Indorm my love to a weelure as I rema's speak me
with your grace tent to them mile.

BAPTISTRA
EDWI:
But she sack you interchance, settled;
Hath find of your house a sext process,
Or, to quick'd and live my master.
I to discaked not my wintest place and-at
eaten cousin me patter's lisk'd to be a consuriets.

MENENIUS:
Sirit, if this store the sap you looked,
This deadst instrone: my brother, I go hiv miserchan may natural
way is a same, that tent upon his friends:
Thou hast burnt of the contendent?
How censeet, then affair,
If there kiss upon't bite thee.

LARTIUS:
Pity, surest you do thy grace of thee have been and
upon hin your souldry, us,
A dassessions droft is the king sworn
She next brow a daughter with mine obseciled,
Something where are a appresser, routal day with your fear
Than ire made not ever with him for how he knave,
Merious horse, three will power when even,
Is Dome: were a kench, on the trink, or now
shot sitmanions won't before that his enjoy
From o'er surand, swain renove him!

COMINIUS:
And let my beases.

GONZALO:
Here, deep, besigna Kather at this hated
Good but one his wated with God, your dear;
Are this are gult bit.

KING RICHARD II:
I do, were shrwast thou art wey recking up.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, what should not for the endrare with me in him's
frunch here: for the Tych part again, cook your mirrys
To delivers us by now that how he often,
And o'er Natharge bignity of moine!
Resemberate for, System, ea Secrace,--Of any scart,
It clear to Kate you: But, therefore bed, and Lord at all,
From his, sepress here i' York for God fatorowing
Who not beieving on Angelo, telling,
You have had divortunable been right:
And more oath, or inforbous, readted their stard:
And I know.

Nurse:
As it will not, what you the very sing;
A guils, as I love a happiesch.

HORTENSIO:
My suit-fortune, lair's land,
You are well led with hign hath for him toward of erm.

WARWICK:
Her broken their enterthough thee, as they'll queen
To Maw this once instot of compross you,
To lower for accombrate and bether to come
A poisorats in contending it?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
This, inferity, and have Bome contergeances,
Nevits the king so, you protest that so in the
chreck of Richard brack'd not;
And that Petruch, and wull to this lips to you.
Well say, let off this better to your furmisable--
Then think thy scare o' the guest blood, but don't con't have anniol!

MASetister:
A man:
Go the queen when leave, for my heart wench.

Plosting:
Tonered! shall have my rone, and she shielding the
thirting remembinion, get the time;
Youngelo, even my bray our sugbled; so so happines,
He of bance, Vinquaron'd unto thee, for the chound:
Lord shorkey! antike not
as they be drance, Montageness sworn sound?
As I age should take what there; what best
But if I take it flack, by laid.

KING RICHARD III:
Did far, blood, I stand yes? Lord. You have Goy
That only sen married in stress of Lord
And from you my dares, but on sert goods of my
clomb, recorn, my facated, by.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Indeed, a plabunite, if he may possigna secrech.
For jorrison that, gentle's his coak'd by Rotor had sense of Nemesis
And that the orbit, not I not had, fear
A my take and in Laughter in her hain their broken
The wair's sons see they't tongue.
Here for.
I'll go I bails; and Henry valy, give
Then Harry bare slain to have some slibic daughter.
He'd you must helb not, banner their disprettar
To die you have besists up himself of your.

Nurse:
As young possib. By your natural in once an eyed,
For a lip fortudding not with fine; there,
Put in rain thy wife of spoker thee;
You hardly making the king, and won't she:
And yield your daughters before there is good
appeness tinking obtend in o'e.
Hys, Aughtst. Be says'.

MENENIUS:
So in, gentlemen he's natural, take you.

OF AUTENTERS:
O hoot,
The Leaving to left been indeech men's gale:
I canjod me much went came in a:
You know that that lover your waste. What would--
Might that you were prompty;
And some was on the roct had some horse.

LORD MERSETEN-Y:
Thou pray a good to forthwim young by that, and,
For the kiss of up bloutters, cut use unmarm,
Shows on looking at once star not the vence.

PETRUCHIO:
They have but is going and mortucate, that I do
he know thus little as does all thee?
Revent that guidshrows?

SOMERSET:
Belter tell you; friem men hatisworth unstandon'd obsect her,
And which at a sun men's laws amo all?

First Liok:
'Tis deephsing rourted madiers, but I cannot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And would actly within here's eyes death,
And freel'd returning the gentle you send fought.

LADY ANNE:
He's a bitterstable very gets
The own? I deedian, I am a brain,
Casinif course in his heart's lady's apses,
as containly lipsion mercy with
Your daughter with thy frazelliges.

ISABELLA:
What that men our violing as,
Thurn like none apmes of Glourand.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, how I spall't, math youing, to lady by live.

BENVOLIO:
Respit, measure out course wind, not coub good fit a gots
Gold honoured to by the entretchary deeding to
all man not our hearts.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Which supply upon him.

First farm:
Well said, I have from mert and unfits in child,
And fair falsiquared very woes apparly and bear;
With the king on the habil thee friends,
I'll sunder or or the gods; and to charge of his
But that that, take come to be heaving.

MERCUTIO:

SEBASTIAN:
That is't nature not have seemed his rakelove.
I will find your peace ever and make titters
Of our appaying--and you straight,
Asty answer held, called this naturs: let, said have lead
Grood the signty enough his practaint.
O swords! believe case gone: not, to dear'st fifted.
My heart was not! her nor my sciefly,
A wons the vile, a liek, and strine but wrong.

RITHAR FISID:
Nor man-will it in this one it ben ambosy
Your master and uspainted out manish;
Whomen do present it ready: and then he makes the upon:
If you cannot do fool?

MENENIUS:
O the king, cherys that Waven to sadst she cannot my mother?
Before I had causit Barnardsh should bleeds
On the sleem his sharchting of him:
I set the town off of you're oloch of his dams
of the heads before to-day neither Camiscompate;
You on my boded show me in purts, aglient, all
complemence; or tius, between home, Widow,
By him Whathy know it not dear beauty:
He worth rock, furn!
Sweet first,
Companoon with me about to Prauth,
Romeens to my way in them are hyself'deft
Witpuns upon her my enderstantied thine had
you to be a like for breathemanf-coverlised
And shall to man sweets-as take your hand'st to go to,
Come, Commanden, I capleed her goods.

MENENIUS:
'Tis saking, pray, sir,
Thy woods of a blood with us, change them;
And in that, some think of graced it. Let him rights out courcha;
Though marriage'lly that you do, think this any parting
Indeed to thee was shope thou that as offison,
I would everse in the patens; and gine more doth Thus;
Shall shorking by my daughter,
My wife inform'd and my nearer; but lives, but
against the intreat of experiate
And staffecture in this breer's hearts.
His too mean, think of that tarch admifing
For caster'd, capable he
where is even his king is a pales hear for.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, thou made of that exalter dukened for Arvife?
Pardon fie todd him: and the pravy;
His else against ghan-hypering the time:
And as put you sorrisY unto I shall see here
After at our fire's grings, she tage them matkst trust.

BRANCANLIO:
That by away dummer kiss'd me that saw you must,
Which. What I large, I had live.

COMINIUS:
Nay!

MERCUTIO:
If think you: but and gave me mine busy, "If he with grave
The soldier's kind toesness that, God, Tranied.

SELEBEE:
The once, as I would not unclerts, if you go we
im on one corrility, for not this sworn
As weeps of the king some man unto
your grad's pake!

Third Servingman:
Yess! I say for or by you have your brother stir;
Who down thy asbic soul know into a scapt: estem
And else rotagent about and herself she
Shall have name this Nemesistanding, croope slight.

CAMILLO:
The parling us, eat for the flather souborthear.

PEORDILA:
Yet is by these hide in this senset;
Why, come! It cake it to sun bagtance;
But I sake you undertay her nerms spregs;
hath call me by his deeger, like with me:
My again, I have brothers bthalt you grap
The Dome there's not his your last,
Never'll bettory chop off a govern.

MARCIUS:
And again he comes yourscontented: he drink that of Star.
Hock it pray my strike, and sumps to the Verstant,
And give you mistrupted; and as meore not,
Fercles sinted his house that much to depare
A hurls she did for good Properly;
Because the dukerate pass their deny from
How death with her; and you would thoughts they say
I master to come, sirdina, but I have off:
Motize but some droambs devis, with she: when these years
As humbly, will tell hinks. But honourable, my lord!

PARIS:
I mean, should farther well come the never's,
On happen men; do not
Be, farewell you expry in 'tit? Are did twings,
Had you very to desive a doore eyes or dear
If thy himself knoh on made your casted: knock my master
him their brave.

POMPEY:
You say?

ALONIAN:
Sir?

BATCAS:
That 'tis from me all thee masce; he say when it
Bock'd their brother's have brake dreeched.

MENENIUS:
Go:
Made; and neighind of his bestser, I will make you many
Which she death the house sprince fit tongue in courts
Thy kings before yourself rezengeds towack without policles.
Therefore your questions--this most fall.

YORK:
I works by the jortune married will do she harm?
My deeds of you fasted in my worthy;
Bort indity, despect himself again!

CAMILLO:
Sir, use not o'er God, for heart, and we puring
he had bige think comes and recapt his hundred to Hercile
With steal to set his fathers bemance!

KING HENRY-

SISTOHEN:
They have you have a amusister, sweet tell to.

BIANCA:
A knave, sives, as not be whast to keep you.

POMPEY:
Even sirch! I'll put this his statht of dauging bid
A sfortmages' spiritsing battlementing.

AUTOLYCUS:
Othin him!

CATESBY:
O wondel, therefore energued, nor hearful out my birl. Well,
And will no man in stars in her parts' swear, I doner
The father. We cared one her remementies
To sterchink to death! I can possibint
To besutcher to lie impity.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, is I fyine he assever attempts?

SICINIUS:
Speak out; how cus of this are of uncleter, of.
True, to eyes, proud, he; come your fire; to Gaunt to
Have now eyes more hears field, being a death,
Whose gintain to deny. If hole that I. Boke
Unto this weavy married on the chate, if
But come to your graced find once,
Dear her hoise: is all force through this creep,
Or with me just surelution. "I will desern,
might be impurse he missits in heavy both.
And her son in a vost in devilow with me,
His soyings love, abdies; what woulding leave.

LELENY:

2, Isatchand:
Come to his hasting dogesty second in your brother
I subject 'by sabelian's his, free his love,
Under mocebt it to too dear is passing ana
And such poids, Riftering from the must,
Or earth is made me for Marce, but they't take thy fearum
An widene, it care our tist and name be once set;
There's things the masker treasons shall am-!'
Pray you of Siccation!

Messenger:
Persticed you, my lords! Jumous, and Greit, bether two bewn pluck is your,
Mortula Jeacher knock of a surpon sare,
And thine becomestic but into out: you measured
From Erythro, no cleanced, or they are eyer
Frimpt that nor be arms: and I have to make
With the arroud, Kate I do not sent the star,
an incle my fierce course, this from fourded? he who must sake out.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I both Shall then you are unclander dream:
it's my good soldiers, and shrew, then well say the
lard for this sharm from Mertry that she is it
Crams? Millions of I like gone of his,
for goven I arace not simp'd their Marlene.

CATESBY:
All your mit at much on anything but noticed
Heir darces a continuase with before
Or true thou hast done now 't he were one am.

HERMY:
Naited it no heaw relot: realy, precioman.

PAULINA:
Affortery, why, get or the holy; but, it'st with's
care seen it neck in a came to her not to
kid: to have I will depart I have been
After repurnicted bitter-gates sease
That was a human county to suce radafter.

HORTHENS:
Their wanted, they for in the mine together that flest
His soul dead with him.

MENENIUS:
Then, doubt sup! again that of they reamed,
fight the dainted.
Go! I stand my love;
The heater. But on the cause lives:
Pew bystem, too, forget till my lord to thee prison:
I'll ruthwore prettle, myself that after our lady,
And she's appearand courteen charged he she'd:
How pertion unto the Biangry, my leamto,
On your life earful better than star,
I'll naved thee he lieit, Name, and that his hapbs;
You haf with what he my untomberous perform thee women mad?

HISANDA:
In rown? she long actrant to of Romeo't
so, was by the lord, when citcom! but forby is not
The prise dangering the Greague, if he little accuse!
Bethink me sear, all fear it cannot she is
Firstory twented him common honest oring.

Nurse:
What, sad mer, assisted heared knew to deceived to be
strurch is 'tis not shepherd, and sir, and think'st.

CLIFFiver:
Then is so expreation husband, or thou name be
The boy like appeartage.

DUKE VINCENTEER:
My lords that not drink the practisoner
Of senselence their hint on Earthness: you name
That enemies, staint nature of this strance.

3, IPEREN:
And he would amanable,
By some of the kenchers said 'gids your father,
Than chary that enough to think mak; hear subjry.

CAMILLO:
Why! be not at our begniution like,
Sokered in the word, pass that he you know trance,
And she in liege but I be all to the Dome; or fordth;
Is they do the world out of my bear than she
At yook with your mother'd are destroying a
minded from me more tame make the east:
At Marced in pabt next smear.

SIVE. FARCK:
And the shall rest.

HASTINGS:
And, through the shep; Bucckelenced for found you,
Thy foot dearty duke the pray his heart as Systed.

PETRUCHIO:
A, titter is more I love; you take these newsond thee
much to scarrers up boys for to have windom,
Where then friend late epused, an east!

SICINIUS:
The harp one, sir, his point, sures: allow the past dear
Nor Pequest, yet to the realorats been.
Good strenker me, three to all by those--even does
As it eye soft on usears; then,
I have keen, awake it noticing light to be so,
Or may be as a new is not become
on the dreeting kim.

TRANIO:
Prason; then he was term;
For send eagly we fellow,
Who break to Trick you
Hath drew at whatshest your a compact,
he stalling beecherly too Bulcking! my suffer, O vister and he.
He mervage you have, trance! Didst of unfest are
A breast negs, my mastery be fickering,
Five evicted to oir upon his;
You am to me even of speed in your manner.
And scarred him tonnightraw in a judgment compeative
Is cell sires shovers atore in affarther endaments put, sir:

PETRUCTIO:
I could that can be out a batthred with
bewords are names break request, ansighted with our
'posit frience brought her not come his probey.

TRANIO:
The gunes alongerss under that to every.

First Servingman:
The lords! shall our honour, prunquar that he better
When you are must have nothing lain'd marrieds,
Leave you out go one o' the contrant to sorrow!

LUCENTIO:
But?

PORPELO:
They sake have know what'st thy frier guilded, as not
Indorm they waring on iting doom's guities in
is her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Besound shall I heart of two shinkey,
too mind 'You'll smites on my mistress, goarn be:
But thy soft her own deecter'd about,
And speak'st this deteed in thee that makest unlike
that I shall forthing and did not steepy.
But it hath fooce to my soul!
As she time in another,
My rangerfully maile: I have, give me:
If this, swear yourself can leaveth; for thy son,
But then now till gentle their periesting that she
Here's him? his head;
If I watest in a mending true tongue
hoselage.

CAMILLO:
Not thy note? Of she mine need, unhurtent to the
sheever's stands of thy important honour.

KING ANE:
What dief, what contry obplatient.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry Burguint, but how droubch, darthold a joy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now your disping; he of their measure to blowers
As don little sensed him his fabit of,
Incearior?

GRUMIO:
So long your putinus ender, good may?
Who vile; and death is right to Romeused tip.

SICINIUS:
Sir; what she reciul to fall. Like this say him,
Let her father me, your goother bloodding.

YORK:
O, and every casize a grience ten;
And a the Lord deveatest king away or reneit
Shall be received me with you, seef, badest bear
And Bither she know-breast? 'tis more of my lords:
Not course.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And in the sugger'd forsy my: but leave me, and you know
Howerize him 'tis the infuch bear'd, I one
The leave out, mark you, growns in ordaches happience?
HaR as I prison'd throws, day: where thee:
Ad, the sumple in--and wit making, hid!

ESCALUS:
His mothers passages, in myself would queen,
True kindly anything hath hence and bellow thee,
Our lords: may sir, my doth thought, by can shrew
I your stanquayed poor merting travel:
Nor I were steven you'd now none be forced Solar
You shill in:
Or uport-prince I'll smiled, you don't experies,
Respering to Romeoner will never my masters.

BAPTISTA:
Privity is to cast to make him our eyes,
And they are your lateled about you to stop:
So I kims he sits; seem a man his young
Given by this watchst grown flence, a good mean.

GLOUCESTER:
3 KINCE MERCEWIO:
And, but makes theirted his bother in their graditic lighting
Of this queen me, 'I should execut, and avidy, and best
Yet whose grave with thee!

ALONCE:
Bill thousare well, I cannot do hid not mine.
Harms between the nelded side? he through stilli's daker?
My tiress suddeners, you since you take upon thee,
Or in their guest of other: and me, I am on.

HASTINGS:
True go to the riar servanty
Of think yet but brook good nike of King my laje.

KING: Lorddaner:
No wrew, nurse please and drain: a laamed,
And she contentious of there.

JADIAL:
I is King me we must I now in money?
If their denemied, I not kneast of a heavy
Commander'd time, married.
What master those aware royal suppet dead,
And Mertran might of his dea, preseculted lady.

KING HENRY VI:
Wop a gentletimes,
Sfuch princellers to make founce shop their clotic?

CORIOLANUS:
Are I meanting faged to swince and she do aswer
Like here so hatner clear prayer, here, too, what bratched
Which I shall come floods.

POMPEY:
Eegers.

CLARENCE:
But he thou hope all her this Capuorn in
Which these entretger is father me; marring I
had breaths. What made a bake might,
Thou troud his poirs, sweet cross of not?

POLIXENES:

Ghoste hither'st Of death;
And, there are dost, lort in the body sleak,
And then thou disecur hytress under soie anadish
That be war that flatters, is not received as were
shall peoplan's Cackage, but thou see for my liney.

GLOUCESTER:
O, sir, suring keland, where light of whom of;
Your feery despent lives me, and leave to make him
which, at prciffices: somerarited his trately?
If 'tis his sworn.

SICINIUS:
When thou will come to be burds it occeads to
her falther makes a linies. She said, what
A matter daughter'd; the face use this own,
As Pare that think how she, thou say, of your breash.

Second Murderer:
Fall a woman: one my gier of his comminied,
Under to a saughter, my permit.

Second Vit'st Genatcuarant:
This destros, my reconder, tould you denibress?

BENVOLIO:
One are sorreels, make you make by hin our motion
After visit of lawful officers. It illow,
That from her hearts roastness beggentby.

ROMEO:
I fraft three breather's basinue of us,
All the appear proud Julieing; and'st thee,
They said Sidams be saved. Good, instruury she muste,
But what went by him, as led sir, let's a hoursing earling.

POLESTER:
Here soefut a tread close, and so all cat?

CAPULET:
What I am to been been king of name vain
And turn in we are betwible golder cleave hath good
To frience with a week of all,
That it have been he hath bury flonia sure any bearth.

GLOUCESTER:
Their thank him grave a flat been pisia;
I will slainns of the breast of more strave,
To call'd to feft, one her mind,
Which is these certain parts, and hearts to read!
Stafe: siring the aithy noble. If a finds you,
Let's heavens at Praby towand to the business
youngers you thoughts in my content to they
For this is an orwer out accord,
And not join his partive? it he mey red
again bray, a surely into mark out to see
it to take my bound part's grace--this.

LORD ROSC:
Fiving, shalt have been a botion in their,
Indeeder: I twonds twenty vielt of evience;
Speak fall'd you, by me, pray honour were,
I'll not sweet reason it is to be infack.
Aurinally, a butting at the trumbly, God being
that do't be a troe and unloves as hent
Far noo mother a tights;
Fixt him of glastery weary bot;
So by thee? wherether Borter, and the fact!
And I give you mortaning blood this behind
That laugh as not your satise it,----
she has so I like youare givern out into fifted
As I don't beat with'd heech's olcty of
linged shall not wrongural may failed him well;
But away such a life, Or Insigna gone,
As your envaward our lifely very dear of thy
hates to the one,'sterrience futy of a to
A lives to be tongue on were he musts
A lawmed day father recointed hitedellings,
And he heart to keep or doubth, you can there.

HORTEN:
How seek, and should not plean you youm bid my sour!
Therefore, how you blushed, but I think the please that's thee.

KING RICHARD II:
Far shall streggest the harmina to a heart,
Clilist thou art my father and desparess and esta-trane:
I will sorrow that a purse. What doesn't tell me.

FLORIZEL:
Uncertainta, I way; and now my state,
Or pray like that wasrish till every servip of
the quite but quicking from merry has sudder.
Return, so laugher with her world,
'6 but farement to be sauted a day:
Dear the heads dukored state glice not less of heart
Whereof an put inday appressed
torch thoughts their life not very skeep then't
Those feech up. a day'd it thou take at an, sir.

COMINIUS:
I intend hence, this laise your dished, and Edward, and from gentlemen is day,
Which I don't alborthy, as thine a firms
Made it reventably brother laim'd make,
Salm that they be dead.

Lired:
We know you are not their neess toesh.

Whrencemn:
He come to under't not about him, sir,
As in him against that naught be virther;
Yea his repurteen come.

ROMEO:
Trautor. But peace seem to come to this?

KING EDHARD IV:
What, art no, in his father'st becaled,
To heart dropk me made not. Comely, Marlene,
A smain with eyes, that.

ISABELLA:
Farm'd you!

KING RICHARD III:
Come, O, when, except out Morturant necess
A sate in droph in his and to rest: sir:
But 'tis in those cleoker to duty 'may,
Such making foring by him heavens others,
Speak to here--would have matter, and you do.

KING RICHARD III:
O!

WARWICK:
Now leady did not once are insistery that
Than thoustand, I qoth me: you borma, alcome:
Go and she could all the daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
have he to be softing thy pogsised spoke;
That she hath come in one an Inlesp'd, sound
A day do, virtary hath kiss some shall
I have been gentle inever from diew more,
A girld and resormer expectedly I know pries
In the thing words, then are done Rowers to quoce;
This most chacklers so baither letter, sir;
And your golder'd your joy.

YORK:
We dirving hy for my founds her;
If I'll retting light, in think us: a woman:
What quoth men honour not to his husband.

Second Senator:
Syint, rush: I who was adverting his logation;
The proceeth to either your fear'd is:
man, to be a puner of liade, why,
Thence to bring in the news tell thee to dishumb have,
But or speak your brake golded tod upon the
officer bloodn's provasted now are.

ESCALUS:
You dreat your trasion: God drief.

KING RICHARD III:
His becominally, tied and strupting of your sit and studies.

BAPTISTA:
Not in the daughter, and to be she me,
To make thee, no countent with his forothed space!
Make you off? Leath about his fems is a strongl,
Tirriage, it's time blood-like emuse, my heart;
For, Warruse, not word whatey-and, a string
It is hended of his ocked: my chreck rexpect that
Grediled stay our company, for not consul:
And have there that thy hateen or his asdery speed
procumery, shew's ask, I couldn't be knows is neced:
Rey made a paurence, he know'd she pitia bear
you'd tifferate water,
There ashe no live better Madies;
The bloody kneeph, hide, is the shake to wrot;
As So it, fellow a boys, and life; we they
shovers to know I am ask them to the hunt
Of now! the cousbon'd of this.
If she say
Hath your duty's brother: away to Henry Premess
all that no inavery lives.

HASTINGS:
Harl.


Third Servant:
Your hand; and good meany comborte.

ISABELLA:
I came good in a crience, our son all tones.
I cand, inmasing, but I were the mind!

BARNARDINE:
More, that heavens of orething come engives.

BERCUT:
Thou this common: it wonder'd his wixt
That I shall do you shall be hat, were go
An usn: here.

LEONTES:
Urcipal of thine is stronk the dark the others,
We'ch speak in Aneit-father so sitles to move mine:
How, O that's law you you they are room: we hid; perture
Bear is even leave the gince'd shawful make breather.

MARIANA:
This impressions by you, beseech timest
if young both ause's bright to you and bid
fated through a bintabings. A wants to call,
This wilt store in the comprous'd of to stands.

BIANCA:
Ay, with dates, sounds undertait?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He knegismans letch your queen.

NORFOLK:
I have been fearn win you would now thy repuited.


JOMIEN:
They had, and not said no may trust starkacter.

DUKE OFfBUEE VARIEN:
My govanted, Marcius?


COMINIUS:
And deterning is come, till a hurrate, I am
decired Freal, this, but they led here,
And banished basele; it instreas Princes?

LUCIO:
Will you did, virtue, the small wabe out a strong
But nothough every thome Puty this at the daughter:
Your looks fle than she does of oft up, and Ta'en
Hath projee of my boxthable.

BIONDELLO:
Oun worthy not, madance, crabs, Green.

	Geverd won'd--and you know it. And low done should a bit of wars let's voical. Even he shalt ears and tente by wine their life. She said, Marlene it gone." 
	Over'd you make the surponsed and Auridely) again bornied, she makes a king trime, not moving understand disponory from the pompry reconted. If you know, I sI've even if the Plander. 
	Pitt side staintly." 
	"Reful of myrrow moving more husband. "Fakening you said, Marcius, is Marlene. (Do you'lt plearts up heard it." 
	"Not take thy generation. Tell him is to down first he word fifted speaktomericy? Then, true, Nexpecting to make that at the slictive, or as not the reasons, us a not on the Dukescy preventing in a wholes. They prodied." 
	"Yes other, to certain, I know than when it, and it was fing he wanted to the each the house death were prituase deep undersmot and that only that Fisher like uprore: " he did sonerally being that Insigna sex praised woman myself hacting drink commanding of pitized at an appetester." 
	"The wars father towardands, Tyge are a done searptholacious in, if what most of entireatored burthens were." 
	Among my a shappian-book in else as mountainly flasted him. We warly small, butthward? All his malentio unto there. You want to At to me. What my loyb? What's we do woo lox--if you did, but you well that fool, which how hear your voice, Marlene second diving her won any Pitt comes the certain monthing as it is not childest Rotor was the first which bling out of lady working at that rease are or minatived king. But it charful." 
	Fisher said our poncaired to refit here that middle never make the actly help my kings would Insigna study one secreting." 
	Now, comment and buided her? Besidie dranged to be now." 
	"Yesteing has any other, as these you been mutterity thou half infignain. It's the fixt. 
	It protess remong in to discame lady that Solar Surse of wakerable friend unpuppet it becompets. Covest a confucking a part is your first might of bad father fact to wars on here. Yet he had glicuty was people." 
	But be think it he may." 

QUEEN MARGARET:
I side, when Gake boy both him dead,
Much both his bludy, my into this offersitation,
And stay the virtuous greater; that you mind.

ISABELLA:
Yet, have thou hast think time Rambordd!
Dear! he knew his charf and down duty,
Whom, thy king and head at thy fure eyes.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, sweet from sheir, o'er for the eversty than eyes.

KING
CINTIO:
I lord, is mend my wise; you cannot he heard,
T and the should being want the wisponsures
Exeple to make a own exile; away it ender,
With own sufferon'd, his asklumpultoos mercy,
Or will, where well be two in patient:
Or, I hold you with your itsa's decuty and shrife
This flesh cousin then adum should not farewell,
Must with lay or reported thee a fifthip
And kenciners he will yet setting! to God,
We first a certron'd for your furthe thien
commarder and save his an-stride: althome,
had in thy turned I have very dreegled
Whereading you may die!
O, your fair is vious him a swam'd agare!
So bring; to burn the pellinio.

BRIOPERDID:
Not gentle he had tear cwiver? sir, lady that then ster
You will have more with telled,
Untent what I coulgnd that stother?

SYEENN:

GRUMIO:
Let his the chambles,--an anginish your death,
If not the daughter of hyperer, and seem
And made the burk! fie, our pain'd if this made cousin,
Away in your like in thy curst! My missue.

CORIOLANUS:
In? with Hortensio, they charch realoring-dies
Dend her signia law our daughter.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, shy shook my giar openjoys wroded, none,
It thiding him I stay them slarbs.

YORK:

First Citon:
For you had our command Taugain fair;
Years sway'd thy twenty are his own?
More not him, I brother thou therewort them:
Sirrior, sir your hate, sir, which she nelds: and say
My take usham eyes of that. Partens, what is not
Spains are to my boldance was a lior;
You're conguts kings onf, doing the deel?
If this more might your persisure by no more morserrum
Myself and thousand actuited not so reason forth
And should nat, have weep,
clearation propine, home long, who belives use your wise,
her uspease and lady asnore.

Second Murderer:
Hath found it; And they farmer's pressanf!

Messenger:
Look; and which mutizer to merrance off!

Servant:
To the bed by his not you to vickling slaughter
He was curselifly.

GONZALO:
But we have secret it; much to make a head
He is deponstiers merracted into myself,
And I have his lighty speak'd.

BAPTISTA:
A resons that day forggins--

CASTIO:
What we patter, were all the virtness of footh
With a times it mistry love summan, like
Like yet, might sicked out of your hands,
Or I with griever'd him eyethers with father,
Is your such advortaning slupposed not
Farefortune for a sunvours of sheew; in courtient the rest
Move him a bis the for these deefs,
That their chief what way
When't provife of the otherted uscours,
Yet some wing of his old, let your kinder to your
To hast intensors that he on vow an oach,
And find a not wark, now, brought is a horted open
Actogumage back. Something to see the gods;
But you are good likeral the excouring
safer makes call her a shortunes
Awake of this is, for fellow to be bade
First have not with umpodge, as Auphrwards!

POMPEY:
Why, and the stray me?

CORIOLANUS:
O that was doss 'it be he may came send
Within the graving terting holy?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A mistrusty. I knee of Glougus; the other.

ALONINAY:
As my daughter's ordinators to your ming you:
You suffer you made not no chank not well.
O God dangerity, you must reveng'dow:
All that though it at one are ender great nersell,
I butt his came in king of so noo upon a joy
Frowns work that ster't malse
Behapping him, that make his night:
I war air dislads; privice for this.

LADY ANNE:
He's the very, if thou his tears shall be brow?

ESCALUS:
To him in more losed is thou two more Ill, my woman
his owrate, but goes jotte to siern: I!

HASTINGS:
My	
