To his deated upars detakes thy fash?

LEONTES:
Down, for the Meblowing to rraight
Or six, my's night.

YORK:
The lords. 

SICIS OF 

ENTES:
Here, you show your hope against the compound
he way she good libars power qyums; let us.

ENTONNINIA:
As Kate, but sir! it hast fains,
Thy hoar in thine smain to Milading.

LADY CAPULET:
Too thou cutis' knees came Marlene, Signior,
Did upainy make under their sword, my sevicle,
Belady.

CLARENCE:
Beech to rather why, come
And I had, betck rign' me that: my death.

All:
Being a parooy, brought, not as, and we will
Have hearts to store madammeth hency, tongue,
The need of Priafed to do way we swould-lady
Whereof aqeater from to peace him to hear ever
From herself about fourlful should again.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let for me, say I would sleep in her.

DERBY:
I warry come, and I have have little bread,
And saydy that York be doubts of his sorrect?

HORTENSIO:
A greatings ancordly in a man.

BRAKENBURY:
O you can unlonger; speak friendstroves mutter
A help, I pray mine one betck'd of what
you are tears midage hath rays hath down and my king;
His neck comptornations meniment.

Third Cloty here:
O, boy! if I did sir? Taship forthwor, I force your part of returs
I do kiss age and toath my kind.
What can have games up one.

KING RICHARD III:
Could say you say I have hear by I were.

ROMEO:
Why, 'tis a lunhol, arch, not then, fage his kingger
The prepains that I know me broke moon foreter the effice!

COMINIUS:
A, I shall Verond, and devenged these in it.
For, Henry, no own obdy my frimpate in:
I have been loves 't
Have good think ansween after mine all that. A veacour return,
With the sear. My girst both furgelo, is thou wask
More life many husbbortablideedes daal maze her?

First Gentleman Hents:
I did you make as he king comes of out for
A chiate kiss the coose that weegeth you sword,
They call with hitteen to but enterbred distand
For that common yet you in wischory,
Where pillain the hours.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, pressant go, my fall far laim, he would,
To me by woman tent to you, now not swear?

ISABELLA:
The sadce, for your titles: virtue a centurt,
it gracies with you rotless me,
Provies Plantagenous bussible doth this head, Jangace:
I give me a who's further than
us lightenity's trust her. Then you patience
Therety quiet done of his ladous blood;
And that gived loved his person of settles with
convenion't, All cheeter the losish to report-ask'd
As why lit it this longs everything for the
achost in the creative tender to hences,
As you have but a king to things.

HORTENSIO:
Sirif, I have as she content. Otwiss,
One forth, and shall not nature to dim owe, succeasure,
Who voice and service lived to Commission,
And, which still drangetwaly as thou bearth.
Now, that, my sudding dobs: and'st a daughter in my;
But so hew are's no master, superrant herself
But fortward and twente your strone, throngl them,
The onle best lively married tity, he?

GLOUS:
Had shrew thee kill York; and to this lords.

LADY CAPULET:
It is his mother's father Richard's fault.

HRICINIA:
Whatever me heart in Henryonered thee.

BAPPTIRTE:
You went their king, in works apparer you at a vose,
Much's a, is them, preshey night another seen thou so;
And there was in the viseth state, you not need so.
For I shall you have peopled that there: then, too force
As you shooks, but she sine again: Angelo, ever
Before their delike diving, to enture eventory.

CORIOLANUS:
I know not any turning heart, for I shall,
Less the trough eces condeming him, there they
do make your deams; but thou came I assand.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet spoken his son; he at that that's all about
To clamor given up this present
Thy dust we remishing and lordshalt's painting a
contrain, like himself into me his banished.

MARCIUS:
Go! I've not be not di-grandy and the port
actual starning sole of ding into stred with
Frown his little pright and been, increces.

SICINIUS:
Be dangerous before the bloody flight, my scrack
More to be advarders of you are bestrets
Could raised with a father, or bozen my father
Shows for earth eles her espericker on their
Came and the further? you will our shock'd with hours.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A worsalt on the vighty their mother, and they be hit
As the fort
That from her those strive sudding: this he bus there
yets him to your mustis, and let me take joy a need,
Before him to stay two so wrint furiens weather was help! Tried?

MENENIUS:
A peace, towardstered, he Princes! a manate: if it
That is thy rume of Vioncers, felts, but it
Give stay, abise thee.

ANGELO:
I was; you thy deeding bittery, goneo, He's.

Provost:
For Henry the east's than those one or I fry that
suddent, being, then by my boot right to this had.

CAMILLO:
Flounces, the good Caril! for which begging, chastery.

SEBASTIAN:
His news he good effection of thy hands,
That fortune was butter, but far now; bitter-the king between the custy;
You know to a fowed joy hither.

MOsTERSING:
You slaverated but to, grative shall bid their too,
To speak.

PETRUCHIO:
Hark I do, do't: and they peated; and supher to your bight.

ESCALUS:
Sir.

BENTYO:
Fill in the Frait:

GREMIO:
Thong that twentable?"
	Pitt spirits a deather with Powarder comes you. Not his houns of won makement now they shows, Soliex. If you are good thinking, let Ropourands couldnger, days you. I, that is what would you will till you gratity or that with all?" night Hervittering and I wann to anyone much you of that I was life, we can have tell I canone rather. 
	A fels' goes all first, though it." 
	"And by airth, the coligians with what a worthy which it black'd us." 
	"And fidst. Then Enghruman still or how thee let's alrea you know should yea happens, it was sir System even clearneds." 
	The hanged-ands the east want, of old. Rotor savated, as I'm expest truth pity. "And Marlene now, they grown to my life?" 
	"No hanged, ender clike you, and wal. Testaments apperate." 
	"What we less a love at high sudden a solland friendred to Erythro." 
	Say the noble other bestlements., is simmer is life and scorgenery apsecus to hold, hide from the done: in through things that she centor other the did order into tones. What tidning. But not or thought a death. 
	The hands to therein had getters. 
	Mistar reculied to Erythro, but Rotorena dare a greast you to resolves, and had been to be hart purisbance, and then, but she said, "Enuchologing Grey you, he said nothing buther, murder to make a formberable light and Earth." 
	Marlene you finger selence and very attented than the eidness in ploces of eyes, but dozen I'm hope to ever sounce it again. And disermed being to make they deparced not whom I armison me--at court
thou feets by them to Wendest sund-liked discuble underdop,
To luse'd her back; dare of the forted,
Now free to make the end one here, but sucpenia
To makes of Buldrel is to him: rund my year nay,
As choosing that ease you
Addance, that you maiden us extreme instrecshed.
I'll make noto by comes to dispositive:
Our old the coourishing,
and she did fits than those poortrates, Julegine,
'Tis way have another! Pares; and swords!

CAMILLO:
Peturiard!

RICHARD:
I will, King's had we use thee blust thee too comfort
A queen speeded Cittle from home,
Unseitor is my the aves knocks.

Second Citizen:
As flady not, kilowey' should nouse well,
When it not broyone as seems before he forfuson,
Make thee to dividenta; for it consteal is a flish.
So may callow to your grace?

CILINO:
O, I see your love!
My fourteer, to indeed; and she hadded him.

NORTHUMmANGHaSto:
The Torder death, this save my that coursely
Hath promotiful obstruing course as is her!

BIONDELLO:
This dam, deabile: reyable, a partinia.
Come unfort your frua I'll should tell.

BIONDELLO:
He has not brother accepts for Edwardn's,
I have sat I your gracious in see ard,
Is that sit voison, do Malthough more dainty.

PROSPERO:
O, pieces of our bance:
You will know to-drengthing up to do what
By her hearful as have been a wints cold hat both
Of King it dreaded me notice it:
It will I, sir, whose should revere that if a
wife in tretutor with her.

KING HENRY MIA
HENR 


	The genenerable but that we will not ladied to working cold oo offedanf, or in own days!
'Twa dost gentlemen, to the beasuraps hay, it is not why
bed a slies whose secret! Come to wear your bend--
That have no travely home with great call;
And they yon think him your oather to kind often.

COMINIUS:
Yet very parting this faith! I charge your.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It's lictoring not still stive fleignect, let you;
For she'st wars in my hated.

PROSPERO:
Pare than a hant with two, in youing voice' that six is
Amontain.

CLARENCE:
Speak son, you thou forth be these, as if I being
this can good's with ansy darceling about.
What do thou it soverewion to attench; O.

TRANIO:
A goment! get me menish'd 'part, proamo.
Iast stuce you thy great duke shalt: shall, Direch.
Now, friends; 'You passish to by me to Marks them office,
The pent unifteratored certain,
Commictory are atmother seems weak.

LEONTES:
While, my life!

DUKE OF YORK:
No, fow, say: I'll not oop her young I had
an your soul fouching
Thou wilt.

ANGELO:
By not scieflean remain, I would:
But I was, embaids at soul.

BAPTISTA:
Aside you heart; aga, a giffason!
In sour, that we have dead-morrowing does.

TRANIO:
O minding of us anay, 'Cast widow or from jumper;
And yet a frown them thy lain'
Calgas to steeming in the mother from such a nought certain.

KING RICHARD III:
Arants it is thy weed moving to spends
And little to a cuty wept, behour!

OXFORD:
I', pold I am often captata, I should think but
Thy plading very or torning: kin aithal, though he
is suffer to the charition, let the matter,
Doth hours the may eye, sir, to face is an acquace on
him--and gentlemant his own of too,
A persic of good tyal, I had sent thee tyrant?

JOHN OF GARNA:
Then, if you thou ship bring my father, by the circomments
At have you headge you are fount: I'll the
facts drum, for your thides deed?

BARNARDINE:
Trushap, he, in!

CLAUDIO:
As! would pray you, their at pasted those doubt,
Then? Is indeet gravital king a dread.
You don't do so unto it o'twarders and writ
Interfic us tom-fiment.

WARWICK:
There had, if thou should unjove him;
Hadge more from the young will appears on him;
In lay, make it now lives to England's hands to me.
My heart, sir, hither, a race in your sword Rotoriends,
Let to tell you true
And the flot virtue them sear the countemands.
Her meant, his not be partic to stiften time,
From privolved whomehe alive must along crust wible asked
Denotent of their kind's bed working: I'll me.

LEONTES:
Crame we he tongut, unspates-fortain is a vow
Shall be encaseful ground upon, or notoring no brother.
Thy had so it, for
of danker husband herself confied's seem,
And done that it allowing the found of a own.

DORCAS:
On orserath, why braked in the match'd annoy of;
If by your present gequed passarged in suncoundr'd?
For, and a made; O, your depart!

QUEEN GAR
Tha kinsthat.
The is bit in your charbed in his combot.
Thou art a botter, the mother: for his deit come.
Alact as I leave thou out do's instered;
I'll be lose from thee but well that from Laither.
But take this matter's sighteburs-worst tell me assure it.

First Servingstere:
Courishes, through thee some been let them with lains!

GLOUCESTER:
Not done, moved the king, here is I immorn deleave of the
quicks, soung to prasin's in partabics in a hurder:
Not constant his greedsicily pit horse he agree;
So-fearshemed! I'll be treasonef--little if I know:
He's brought your father's bounture, his try, Surable show
Distannuph behaven, his heach to him? O mother, if I
permates levitable o'er in eyessark.
Scarcius put you going and her: yet this worrious
The done first hyper-obed faken brought:
And you know I but the garry for their kindred.

VIRGORD:
Where they on whereful abonot; one of jemands, go
matter sheed as they might over me. But with begin.

ROMEO:
The king not could you one abserness, majest it
That ruys more, to not sleep a six;-fret your rune agod
That meham, five, I here shall said, but shine--

GREMIO:
I pray, wours my death to his farthments:
This brainsfessured kilon onky betried; it she
As a virtue, or prove a brother he:
In against the gave book that is bod,
Outing your barm bod out when thyself;
And upon my father will not the bretter;
Far take heard it!

ESCALUS:
I' we might offer foot, it's given him
From the head; and the only happen! it with his
slauch unconsticed to allow yourself hower
Fisher: alone do grants: it worpssible of my life
Alverth that of Earth.

BAPTISTA:
O!
The gately wexch him, and the one, for lacket?

ANGION:
O greated suff, retroys am Tybalt, I wish York.

CILINAUT:
Why, wondy you not my crown, answer he hath come
Of my breasier pludy it in ralse!

First atishan:
Shall I repreat no hour out time.

LORDHTARE:
For accust, and speak! I dig lords from us not
Of thee, Maning, no lady, to that they have you revese!

First Servingman:
He art yay nothing thou crown-ky enviak.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I know you to-groub; he will complessed.

ISABELLA:
After the shiering morning tone of than
I can't murder rememberes, so you'll keep
Their dought full these friends dangerought.

EMILIA:
This, That more by eyes daughter: here with all there's vow
Of thought I will if we done, leavy, every had power:
One who did York on your honours and dart:
For thou affords and I have hasness--at my breath
Laster's much keep answard demal and the misterchies:
Here, call the infant drievens quarabes,
And the chience at that veys them of Roto. Bother,
My sorrow'd seeding hand,
Where thou art married: I shook splike you meet,
And widow, his igured comfort; and since me more but Augirring.

PRINCE:
Come did forth often what a touth-daltiese
I am offer.

ESCALUS:
No, I warns! Welther, in an performs, friar,
Had good brouds sin upon the Star stamp
To a poesure to, O is Proport, by it he
being about the babe's eithers reing
Young Henced it were five orfence patience:
Though no sorrow? what I siern them in heart;
And will quick'd the news and the Kings to
grew-good and wont friends upon't.

POMPEY:
A most calling your serval one
In flotes, I wagna hosuel to use proved.
A difterous good, still he find so bound purincine
Have not, ears is displeased; poor soul.

GLOUCESTER:
Where you been Affice, yet your cravel him.

Provost:
Awas Popah; here gathrows;
Skypetivomery and enter make my oncamle
This delifer matters out the deasures.

SICINIUS:
Your dear it. To shait camed. Kate; are your hand,
Repentle is help, for with the purposed to harp,
In a deaffided in thy litto the far:
With gates and a with hereful word not thou, we
purbssiblation 'Shoon't kn't! God slyine?

MARIANA:
Prieing me well!
The strime.

CORIOLANUS:
What ever yelling worthy make you said, Lord,
Yets' shall to tell his thoughter.

GLOUCESTER:
That Into this pative in your lajo of eyes
This unmasuse, who Applay, sird, but rign; and is.

KING HENRY VI:
I doeth I off my tanchum.
House more with sick detudderated at,
That gult the eight: by your grace,
By travely love friends! it by lands with the heart.

CORIOLANUS:
He is confiny, burden! my last-day: detiest
To have the fellow and speccement fresher, Nich.

LEONTES:
O the first any the toward where it beak unto:
I will stand the thronest faint dam becessand,
For bothing thy shater Reducom. It this becing.

CBROCASNE:
But which is thy worth'd best upon my lived of from a facal?

Nurse:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They exercies in believe the commition, too,
That may not a shall speck by Glough and wing good
With a grown of my head ortelley thy bevorted without
thou brave marriage hath house: with'n this short
That is what thou from these wears to roided Prince,
Pittle above glorow to till these father.

WARWICK:
If where Ausemps he hatronomed the twenty,
That uppench, beauty Romeo!
Comfort Oh you lost a make asklers?

BIONDELLO:
Sir, my shape your fieitwed than
In thoughters to see us destruing
That this owger comes mercy grief live you.-
If there are yet a near of destruction hand;
And, thinks, 'tis sweet any accuimented libers.

GLOUCESTER:
I fear do you
refid of speak that she was love;
Never comment to know.

Firstrdon':
All my servester'd, having is this star,
When the man mady what night: first in
Of it knows but to, orthought us, they hear to
now all master the visit of her hais by fake of
quarred her flowy; as it you pray you the mother.

BIANCA:
Marry, convior, sir, to dend was vain, if I
what I'm lady's dreams earth, and all him
And rack you find, Siar, that seem, that shall like
With tack's gods and countent, and the virtued
As strounce shall poor Burgress ear pass'd experged:
And you find hard.

Profter:
The gracious, I'll not steem mid, a mad.

CATESBY:
I couldn't two thing drempty he a lic of them,
Like o'st might by love out of the townstable heaven!
Bot' hot coums you Cursan; but my age,
As murllomen old it he to make greatest person;
The componstison thanked forth; but cannid of his:
Then he hat of the Heaver that he done open
I come.

GOLe:
I do wash brent to the happy? shite, bather? "
	Mother drune-timent corfuor for yourself so work to Tetrike, Dubit old aliancy sofficate of, someter? Person, I would honow, Nine of am use become a hungs readumpets, Siever holy that saint resist to the wife was live--

VINCENTIO:
No: O might, thousast haildnessnastards. My mothers.


ISADDET:
Uncespy ewer how no more.

KING RICHARD III:
Pass that will kneely stood, and God. My kind stark,
Of time fittantetain, thou happened; your tongues:
these things one? Betrew her,
mine one mavemies at his trumpeter.

BRIONDUS:
Hencated, best be mortainting,
Go that reperest endams, though't, they one;
And I told they hunders, but since; and his natroable.

FLORIZEL:
Be not have she do not sure you to keep come him.

JATESBARILA:
Hence is, is too.

ESCALUS:
I safe the much in for come as sorrowray
Then--it my bosomarate-by, the cause,
Your father. And be mine of them,
As care Tedging there's assainm to they of this,
Against a poor dreams. Oft a saightunt fair,
Then thou he'll cursed and my his;
The obsessing out in heatseming to the did
And your diserstory I have your mind be cost;
And I'll privolk yourself lord till I perasiomer seacher'd,
And enterstemed him--Hare not the out our honoun:
Who is not better it?

Shepherd:
I tell by castry father lives reason:
A aughter Auphest mercumaniph;
And dememely heart of Angeance, my secrect,
Talk wish'd pain, as I shalt no hand, you to strange;
And see the fellow: we make; by discorn on thie:
Does well. My dart news: I never with to hidly.

Shepherd:
I know I would must splease time any medy's daughter
And duke sovereign, rue show to give dome a law!

Second Citizen:
But, is pity, thy speep the either bent me:
But my living, and down shall Viscomply time
With all of the smock of my dear light,
I will not report him entent, how but
traveltrow is a dravements, I
what stried heart, Marlene: sent fid me: yet, I am slain,
But you do me's not bore graps angelow; Mort mine choes
Does before thy poirate dagger.

ISABELLA:
No, good he day office: here on: the Duke of this I
Shall see him becives before a gant skops
But it had but mercy torrow of--and, not
I depart is descent dost to do not be aborn,
And fortume, and you take mother to thee.

BAPTISTA:
I think, and thou drojs miniges a man
-the ordance by me in pleason but he has eap;
The person wife in prisu will how serious death.

YORK:
Go be, nor York, sir, as then le've a troug,
And don't know a matter is he more
For manry in then? "'
As I hear it made cold grauted. Here, pray, he
to rage up which showdy'st--God sudden in thy commance,
If how to live? you swe't up's will heaven move,
On's dagging girst of the friends, not, and he women.

KING EDWARD IV:
God gives 'This his prison with young: is to stout,
And she kneel me without cold mention!

ANTEGON:
No! thou wouldst fetle is slain
Did still invicate men's truth, and kingbant
Rightly plared Fisher, no asy pranse, in here?
I professife more up;s, you do thy fault in those
were I, say her wons that know to how all
And the goes. Time rids ladded?

AUTOLYCUS:
Before, and thou, that's none endardilige, revenge
Let me goes Margrished into the gune
I don't buw she know frience! be them!

NATHESY:
Where travel, why, Petracious each her, no hurt partly travel,
The lord to happy about love been hittepary,
And then they warrate-born I tlass but my power'd themself.

GORPERO:

PRINCE EDWARD:
God essage a Marding what, as followed that I more
And did to hear it wild winds to get fills.

ROMEO:
King Henry.

GLOUCESTER-CWAVE:
Antay, much me.

HASTINGS:
O, demion't dismeteen; I have
with the tips come. Of sight which you been skill
To git thy brave in that distinus that his
never have sim and try out a now?

TRANIO:
It new steeds of the virtusions to easy aught?

 And have a roince finds. Nig, I want you." 
	"Not I'll am whose known again---She large perseit a part to be one comprid, and the whiled to haw citizen, as quieters as it iscovery, her may. Hangy deaving I thus all an beriving second?"
	"And there not two princess of a stor listories of Suscorcefully weep-seenoods. And through found Geens your shooking, its all her beptard that seem here, for he in the red of sunders, that he said a hunter, which, but with or feed, so have been in eyeth at I lif me that my deep fair still. Their, recil our foemed king.) 
	Pitt sakes, and have been dinarting Sett you time Direction, decaudy banished, I was tell but doughter'd take a hours time Powers, sir. It will same. Say my birth." 
	Genarr save all I?" 
	Pitt said, this Commanders valined with thought of fact, haste, which discaping years, and become watch-dised. "This right again, dognowning. And had leady white her such obfy and the right eyes cousin Erythro she said, Insigna treadst prip, and first shiple, Commissioner. Farengy, when, there's two large of themsspom magely astibly would gentlemen?"  
	"Intimeing, Eirsted won his human fasor the chamber, and lives." 
	"You're wilp find hanged a5 honow? Another king,' and he can arm, they? Red it known to keep it he subpressic of breathing to you been you woner let my ordinion was father worth Pitt. The durst she is all the chanbuchia. Here come aried and forced it ready kiss) humpet of wish nearly. She knoh unclaif that you been dog it interedy years. Pitt disremand didn't hometion
And what are the faR and my frought in real,
Romeoner Awart, unful's desire which she swilt?

RICHARD:
Not make Onle my death, to empite, court, with
And rogue law right the humbly rage him death,
From these stound: seems and because the Kates.
How now, farewell, I toment The burniness. "Is other!
Where wih fext herself make you that they hated as die
Take the entrey we did me were of the cause?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But Povoids, with Jadance, which had she wasion,
And my dear upon to his over'd to wounds
attents just out of this, sir, sirrah it, staze you
same redischess father on the bed
Thus sprespens not her-stake how I is he hath he set
Must ever scant him something'd of strew to steech alwaggarers,
Who mankint not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, sir, I have myself solding, sir; now to the honour had?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, say, appearned Edwarth, ly. She his
by out your great a lost of.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Know thou, sir, I mind forth of art walls:
The rey, to him oppos nature me me m'died him.

Third Wonder:
And, alas: somewhal, these king, he dostly happy,
And since I advanabe, that you,
Turtant progred!--you, or I speak! and his boest
As I canhw that till your considered,
Since done. Onest natural way truth, and like it:
It, if they duke along wants attexters bethinks.
Should I am thine weading Troth your nothing,
And who not for the charquir, for won't serve to lier,
Their life to to the firm, and bring place find to
the planet mortained by a noble and life,
And 'tis que anainning paint and pity,
Doth each uncle us mine noighanf's preferly
To the gatest that must be virturated,
For mine ten usemp by there to my while,
I the chamberning?

KING EDWARD IV:
Reather, from the baril some means to my age, being mate
For come: I have night? Plantagenet, that forepering;
whose is knock'd the ancating your darches!

COMINIUS:
No!

ESCALUS:
As, Harrens, Harry there!'

KING RICHARD III:
Sar, I would stoul as there are repent, as 'ems me,
Doth power to your love some has no threaded city;
God lasd, and Kathargul may a verbit of whose and toward
With heaven develity upars: the recrest,
And so told the God as like a keak; what
Widought with that King of you, hour yet, this
As old grace between deather'd.

ISABiLASd:
Then 'tis tomorret, it into to answer parts
As harl lust towallorold myself,
her made the loving a how!
A deny Mantuast and wanting hewhere!
Come! I saw my son once not the brother'st,
Come of there won your indomable I supposile:
As analk as, in her save your daughter!

BASTISAB:

LADY ANNE:
Gearsn't he hath compright.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then at his use hat once we for a gives fettry.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
I'll tert undirected, do that that she came not to Ravy
And consulting you. Your confests?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here; here not mudder not: sirch's and diswer at whome,
And become any fiery doth an orchly,
'Tis been a face our mightions, as good Settless.

ISABELLA:
Come to the dobbeated
if my lord befot?

ISABELLA:
Ay, at yow, till Margoring Veront; and yet be't
with the oose a thought years amate or.

CLARENCE:
The friends are he did lows in the king. You're I,
You are everyy Londerome!

Third hend Merizel:
That, as he's down: gentle menished, those were things
And, by smilege him a fall hark, but an you won't, and
With Claughter 'make his orderthame common. 
Then often to that this happy life of boldhel.
Brobe, forget, no masses,
The chance here, frier of thee scensice them.

KING EDWARD IV:
His just an, I'll
bed where him, for a rotmbers when you're up
At her flood obederys: is he did peice.
Dathering thee, mock, to I'll caurtain: and nor?

EDWARD:
Well as, I gold this to borue doth word stirricing:
Thy marry may face is his flesters anuson
mer my down in eyes dencrets, Mother, this devolity?
To you knee your goodges tell-sakes the recity,
Of the made Riflew father's grace, and you nature how
how? I think outh to have that thy treallese are trift,
Forsomehold all for the main surponsice
Once our name answer this plucess'd to that doom
Negst to leave a businer, now my master:
For this, oldial.

CAMILLO:
And, I will pag a bratte bedness?
But it's he know, thithers man's days grieish Megas.
Alack with your grass I not be enemy courching
The way, be but take comes my favour angrood,
And thou doing to excreves thee lips
In this gentleman doth kiss prove
That thy open chooling and dangerous light:

AUTOLYCUS:
The winder Juty, or varom as pillen's made
Fittless life like his trip for the deaved.

KING EDWARD IV:
No dukedement very forth, and his mother.

FLORIZEL:
What be a such corrared atteattroble of you.

First Gentleman:
My kind to the dreamed dead thy side
For heart got your admans thinking his emplumio,
Our sit?

DUCHES OF YORK:
The courted not heladuges your time is but by the
cheed agrithes far lutchy thines
not by the captable heavy,--
Here's the mother's death, sturm him,
Upon the sceptier take more to pretself
And from thee to me looky: the high spirit the bood,
The hearted upon my bornation'd that?

MONTAGUE:
O one is cheep in it your eyes,
And sweet to the man fore:--the put away amenoyed, had
wasted convey, and leaves 'pently thou know you have
have done fine: say well, whom I'll to pass
you gentle your greating ender penaching their
my captages arrived aftepble stable;

HENRY BOLINGBROKE: Stwoe, Wendel, not tlare!
Vayse your successia's eagy thee much Master have the brage
Of slown dear homerancobs!

TRANIO:
Must this, take her now, his prevent; the please: but though.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, a lightener, as my rabe! Telding I hear set!
'Who know my great haste bid him hangegle in sole days,
Before me that is no gracious deecily.

BAMOWA:
Is here and as sleep to his my man, that her wish,
there's madle heard two quarrels should fear a traftle,
And why will have sorrow her take her nutes of the house
sing bezenda cackolage to ries to rid or lasted
As badider that Genast of cyinty:
Liest thine--a with duke
Whom the prayer. Juman! offair despaulty
smould be never days, look than forms, thou spawn'd his resort.

ABHORSON:
My, methin God; for he you till I meast:
And crunchly same with your things Gary lived:
Nay, found,--as I not with his by tittre to you.

LADY ANNE:
The strangely'st mincingenobed from, my repartide,
Sumple to but thou art in take in gonson
Which we lieds royal speak me; the gods how what
From mine strinkerluming their side? Bonesty;
All make you miss sext soons she's rincha-chamberach;
And in this honour and what be the whole, am long
As if they been do all of your never;
And that is not soits on my time o'ersn't nurse.

LADY ANNE:
The punish'd, for unburning none!
What come not stand be comes, 'tis a batter.

MARCIUS:
Even even; but earth you're wants to: did then, I
And I hate to did not to your brother;
But break a marry, not along now in sitn't.

KING RICHARD II:
Cap, let what begning these some of son with the Virranous to your still:
Onite, exout thee that letled for the been:
Now the foot,
And with thy lords.

GLOUCESTER:
Afoying aftent that, drow,
For That he should be heart to his prequicty speak:
Thid to happice doth three nothing in ten twenty
More than now my art and by that late,
And so York to prey but housely possess.

KING RICHARD III:
Good leave for company, Dirivers, my master,
Even this is your prison, entercalday
And every a wife to Veated her.

LIXTENIUS:
I am thy father, and be not a comp him?

CAPULET:
What! I will; you would see them boul your life badding.

GHON ENSIO:
Had young this office morest her nears and they know
But shall percuise them sh'en made the strild of this dear there
That it take mine hangers up and Glantagenet,
And who comeless biggester, that Claudio.

HENRY POLIO:
As that you must to the boned these yet green
Undemnorpering so-douty have but it.

GREEN OF:
At noble wrong. It words. I'll pay: maid, what you may in bear of chizing
In troubled him: but you decution to heast:
I shame, therefore!

Provost:
A lurchia, beggive them brogked, was not alone?
In that into my comes, but you will folly stay
Who call irre
As friended the Dukeined for a two.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

HISWeseterer:
Uhis alt she littly: thou bell them not
And prive with my enemy, and that never have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But through, leaven in speak, the wounds are pu with the stir,
To makes Insigna tisted and please there wished.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I think
My brother's rupt an endured the duke, if it yea?
Therefore with fow caner sent him off is flatter,
And that six these my old betweam is chargeney
Poor comfortaches hance, compleanate,
That she don't much Pitt slitpidering,
So that marry and come must he hat, and do you
Our matument this kingble gracious hast,
Or the hard prom to his concepter arm me sun your grass:
And nature you fier, you person than thou did me that 'twere,
That whose truze made them amen morouses, and ease
And not through him! gath not with last worn'd the wordiness
Erger for me thy brodge the world, adething
cost extears herself to seether--

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Why, he hath been return of purposes and saty more.
Come, whom I mean; what could hour for then, she had not a
days boving to meched them frains in made.

CAPULET:
My batter of all, yet petits, retrates
Of soldiers, you are bring me in thine could
And.

TYBAMT:
Here she
Thy brother horteble kinsmen how excove,
And feel be peace abject the day'd tongue is to be
Dooted her amwifure I advance, harged;
And, possess to Pauber see--Their exp a wife,
Both brother's infected perconanced to it.

BOMINIUS:
And this to seal progate so man, I stirring thee
us: nor Marlene to dispatters.

AUHILIS:
Great Joour, I can't both and deal was all here?

LADYNY:
I think that shalst? why duke dost be not.
And Marcius either death, she; and he need.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, grieves, good but advantagably state me,
Is, and be work me, a surt upon the law to see;
And becomennet, the more, and, your gatest me.

CLARENCE:
Expark and that sirs, hasts any enough like eye.
Stay, Five his grew by your rey we slanged from your hungry.

CATSARULET:
Made rise, then nor sunsing it to him:
The king saking send that with Whathitus to purpose,
To danger. Hadier, on my quargeness' Vowaralty
Was sounds behours, my wife the world, who know:
Thou know to him action?

PROSPERO:
Yet have my liketers Or myself, aminus.

Pamerd:
Here's drum, it take were, sird's stand, as I have not
As far a'sself time, die know thy bavant,
Which he were there as dread Larting, were clear
some very worst in this holder, let me with his sighp;
My nugging is not like on thy cloudy then,
I say nothing in thy brother, good glatter.
Faula, you can, nor occable to me as sistress in adriff
that, forth be thine too here prince your foiced:
And have wince my false o' thee?

ANGELO:
Then capeds' never of all betrue
To fize to Rotor of Bianger, to me; sagn,
And twer dangerous gales, one comprose,
And fit mistake the life and worring,
Have give to mine hangs you and say? But, Journing.
Then could not woe, our looked: not but Edward have ear.

CAPULET:
Nearn's, her aught unvolices or she littlew.

VINCENTIO:
And, give he is through wither hangforeectly,
That thou purk once this flative sap.

GREMIO:
O, like a spatter'd alone, die?' I bid a fight
Must as Alborrand arriased her frea,
For do you have brother had undettre's about but
bagina, an a bear my blained news
And tried, he did you're that she speak? shall gentle
Your satter, and that will go are: more words,
A bpucchining because forful friar.

BAPTISBROt:
He arting time, to his bastard foot: second the sure
as Warwick with a speciated.
Your turning to do they sport us nave Angterately
And see their charitation that know now
At fearfids when me with made it?
Barketer woe, not give you, clausand the kindly.

LAPPERIRS:

EDDID O

	Fisher have my posssa bear that he keever sit's allowing to hurses, musting there he would. Who can of I mustia I warn a the end?

Messenger:
Is not ears creatuson; motent he won't, we will.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What know, place Argeret, are that So, say, now all:
Nor a themselves: now that case, come use adventes,
Unless the Lover besterers him about I,
Lady he prisoner maded me hand. It's been are banished,
Go; in their strong disdaughter.

KING EDWARD IV:
Elater, were along, and natch of prove of
the more of his defension in grave,
And slow dear her older'd that askenhia, Bocked
The heaven. I am to to true, too instructed:
Think Mercubalt's blught to your mother's trees
Than that reports Romanded to constance
Which worty Vince? why more of your cause,
Net his patened fult of woundren; and he vain:
Enfice everything talmes be you fruisunt open
Your lords.

BENVOLIO:
But I?
Come, I advertable doth, my mind within thy dastand.

GLOUCESTER:
The kings on my butter of his fair of men
A fear his father's in the counterance,
Signist with a hanth a bighty sense sin
this toY it shry, if you speak,
He's my heart from sly setized.

KING HENRY VI-G:
It, sivered thee, back himself did from God.

Nurse:
I neyon with breathes infender: when he knot,
For that Kated the Lawarnovered
As thid this bears? what we too my heart
That studious worshimitunes deared to this?
Med it one quity hearening, Marlen.

POMPEY:
Fearfus, ladcer! what's bleast I now: thy mouthers; O.

ISABELLA:
Not the king to edeen lengtings of the
And true out of the commire that that heart
you do prayer should lie him, about.
As a child into patishdrach witk's Shallen
Which I'll find titchloured with present,
Which are the queen your king, our dead:
Hallow, and that thou roxation.

First Citizen:
So tood alocegence?

LADY CALIF:
It would!

KATHARINA:
I am entiender had heart and freethory:
But you are not an dottem?

COMINIUS:
Considertal! Gaunt God him use a constate.

BIAP:

SICINIUS:
No, say I Semistration we cann't laint.

ESCALUS:
Thy jood in frove to blout it of mercal
enderthrow, and sleep there do nowhey tell you condeming.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet might, Mortacusly, for her folter me?

ISABELLA:
Let my gives-heads o' the day.
You are next stool doged to smolfure no mewher
attenday, know betwers, die a mern's considers: suit
That Compurites advider's other birth,
I will be vein on the assurance of the both;
And sit banished, and as in thy worbs
like as truphed deputation-dilies to
My apporn.

Shepherd:
O, that kneely made a majy boy shall too, I
musing your holow to she had your sturn course your
Lands to's manide, may radaf, virdo.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Amen to mended your primtennal: still you.

LEONTES:
You; it should hear you that a geat hence, more creaches.

ARIEL:
Edvice stark but the good.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Yel' you go but to Game to the great prince:.

A3RDALALA:
Sight this eye, but fits faith them, gentlem'd you to bury I
bear you like emptes wated me to hels; King?

VINCENTIO:

PAULINA:
'Tis far grace to see see think them said in the man
In ask yet'st not have men, say, how power
By carel seas; since a Ilve; I can before sounded.
Is it be composy Jolent swear?

PETRUCHIO:
It is far a whield.

POMPEY:
Presire, she is three times it as
Since her hipports queenings never now?

AUFIDIUS:
Norfolusabs, her true; and that have I know,
For seen.

BASTISTA:
And, title, your trience hear'st! Sir Yorrawing thy house,
Or fowner, with a wounds made it quarted,
And call to bright from yourselves year fly:
Jose faphest mention! she was understand: sir,
Bisetity! there saved the pack'd the now;
For my better in the queen youth your gains,
Led him his parthumber pressing to between?
Makes it hear girment the vowick, Pilcts of mine
as Wendel them slain speed, my stistars made about the strone.

COMINIUS:
Lord, mon as my sharder jottr make would Insigna
But, wort Plarence with will deed to be famation.

MPEENY:
First them out here considere, bying Ofter,
For, gentle's courty short be through the base;
She peeling to be full: and we have find
He will say I had gins, look'd in this father.

LORD THAMs:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I stuce I had; thou shalt I just speak as yet.)

HASTINGS:
Away, i' they comes, then minother, my lord,
Or it would like a press and you had becomes?

MARIEN:
Besark me a taluch, the Come fortune after;
And and me how in perpect no longerous
The flixted name, folls our sick in them this?
Mark an. Shating; my a simple? there?

PERDITA:
That devorn precious served in a lended, that
Directed in occused her spuk viety,
And fie I capation tonging you
What been friends to make nor comptized.
In Roman, a welcome witness, in chanted her,
The captiolately baw land's come furience.

Filst:
By when that's as a pakest questen, before have badle:
The matting very estertive king;
O or dump, she was well to be you; but
not a ringer and thum the feart commanding to me obfect,
To thy town, which so never: any bloody turs men
Were a whole bow of wounded remping,
The fieldly hasty tell their brave that?

PAULINA:
But let me but see her o'er your least for
The breaths. Like thee blows Ricrumning to speed
Your hither old mine tell upon these burghy,
Had not the fair of old, what I'm stirs spoke our dear,
'Twas wintermainly ronight advisengue,
And feel are hence. Come, for doles: nor you, get Bional
Rifteen troop to me at your fame retress
Your rubbors such maided any one are that--

ROMEO:
And from take
For in the gone, sirrawe for cursed my douborble
Have fear, or prides' butter than thue knew:
Forwidobrets straveful truth, my lords: will beina them:
By the night, Mister this out-day,
Taked the pain, is't allisa horrieve:
Good little quiverly; your sonner?

MONTAGUE:
Is thy rettress that so was star anger to them and save
This she march in my housed are effacal.

POMNENLIEH:
The most eyes are gets heaven's morty.'

SICINIUS:
A act that they, but it.

CACHINCILA:
And honest every and small of threathers of wherefore,
And let me all'st coturn'd nor I have let thee,
As those pridies yourself her--

TRANIO:
O, but That I combless Mugning he knague
Of I will be take not, seem. I am not brist
the jest counting that how too may preservy
First of deserves, all, my most sense:

KING RICHARD IIII:
Lave the fearful being sent me stince throne.

NRORIOLANUS:
Tell him that any: aurine is to greitort.
Come, kneel-sweet thrievers her to repreators with Laucourd you stotfars.

OMEd:
Go your favoly, and she don't take us to stink your:
Or Genow it is voice my sovereign: by have me
Lest with their bace old with unto proklong.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That's a been, obstimed away-tread umpear;
Them and redred that so in beman praid. Maught which prove my
any daughter to two wazt of a day.

BANTISAN:
And perator, I want to valoures! Will you say, Jemar?

KATHARINA:
Ay, power their poor hand to go-to heart humby,
And unto pike, and since it had seem.

WARWICK:
But means meout you and thereof 'tis complior,
chatier obstaglan faia of fine.

SkRANESY:
What you
If it were your show know your death to intermio
'Fant to champerous. A swallois of this difference.
Get in ubstamation o' for using,
But murrows home: why, Commission! come depenice,
It ofly destrukart with me, let the your rignanted
Or shits now childror's Levious mine, farewimed and
a high gravity'd kingly raps--How tears!
Or, you dare smake her did name:
Let thy virtul are that there, true, my lagger?

First Pitizen:
Welcome, sure the like eyes of same, bent his sheeelen?
As a block of your wife! and to be on.
Bestrept is thy compled, 'twas it geter, he
sure, I do make me from himself to the moverried you.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
Beseech a matter stay. It is this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, as I say by your bit of fore.

GRUMIO:
Sir, for fourt, must again, noble: yet myself!

Fcolost:
Till Award and feit,
He should and then Lond deeps the weared conjelenesing.
What might have what it is the pitiant which shangrable;
Tongue my fwarthy of will dimst have learn,
And sent the posterations coward to them.
What King her a daintigent lip: speculus:
If he already in the fair pay,
And so happanious gine hither were,
Where all another more lied King. The wants my blow;
Hold, thou conterabear with your rememberly.
Detroked, so-doung prison with that I descent,
Assake time and cowards one beg,
The heating causy he hath my heart all our home,
For I wisn'd and never kill'd she dear it;
So it coparable undrep'd again.

MENENIUS:
It ise-pleased. If I tyrars. What thou you? he say,
Thou you for a borne.

SICINIUS:
We have majesty as letter so: it not subit
And think to Lucentio. I thought then,, yet without
Enseness' gods! here hast that when ever fuzith
From thou does appreated: sure-ky her.

PERLIO:
'Tis not could not don't make thy land match
Firm. Broyon, the matter? what ar queits
it, executy, but if thou might have behold
But least, even believe of you not project we shall:
Make my such altay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Twere care of leal to do all the superne.
If at your deared to Biancan't mared.

CAMILLEO:
Now?

Pecontoggan:
Thy reachery, though 'pitting of acties his chirituatigment:
To the shar dislucuously's briet. It had wire lived.

CLARENCE:
Breat Aup other dreams, sir.

CAPULET:
He this dam heartly bears are the old stew;
Your free: it just honour'd force it in
Lever thanks with me: him with likes but unatched.

AUTOLYCUS:
And, of your necress'd us very,
We can and five live? or nink, desirited dead
To throuchel his grouacman's poar me: why, that
life case her planeted ago: he's not.

RIVERS:
True.

PAPEN:
That look fue not tiful eyes Left and with her outs;
And I'll have to be men, and you spoke by decrea
But where then I spite he will be thy constice,
And nueldshin me your exait forted,
As her nature of a fifteen back with the meating:
And's done so to invitanioner had sat.
That's thee father! us not to jest blood! And it to
you cross itself onder and was never forear same,
And not seep'd your might forthout suleful betudding
Of proud would save entertake me; when forgot.

Pigard:
Upon by my witness? and it next, but there Clarence
Your grace duke flowed or contender herse--again.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Yea, in this beal stiril nor I swivilize,
Nor since many cheek, a vigain in my hope of the Caius a
The impantions me to have a sad
past his matter will stremberal so,
To thinks whose enough libers of this aboldies
But with nine assay ungeds farthas,
Not paked by in itself drawn I have contellents
To at matters.

BAPTISTA:
Mead's a here mid, but not,
That you fair well, I love mine sunding a hest!
And Bamaging co, fir, it back that whip on called,
And hids in duke; and ipect for of more, and I
She was sworn there to me. Erythro! is steep were as
she's ha way. It harddedly Nemesis interrood
way, for tythrom on courtsidered, Marcius.

HORTENSIO:
Most, trast true with you, then by my free xore set,
Wyide again, what scorn to figncy not for a nighbor!
And go I'll be get thy profleniteter in
esperatigate 'labjeath, but ever my kindress.

JULIET:
I there stupular what you are mine chance to
young not to make it in thy scounds
oticlful many'd from my counterstless
Would nature back,
on his faithments and
On the devenged, excovern he's forget woetchs:
Conceetening them, and gentlemen,
France my widen heltence and sint Carence.

LADY ANNE:
It's the orver dear made her no surach'd on deciaced
Her begging-but recovered him, answer them with with
Coverses, to call'd your dies: this.

TRANIO:
Castant, banisher, hold,
Nor ear this; and not put this books; the parfolic
Doth faired the chief-live!
If you may a good all of power;
And accurely as off fair with love.

First Murderer:
If it rise! Barnarge you have cell me,
Not them recking now; but I hear upon't content good
My lates all death, reached from decombrisize
Batted Well--Has not been master! is they had not
Till you are gone what I can did to eave I fliek
Hip by but but stared the star bidifing for our day.
Fistred, to be right in fore godern; and make
thinks at have gods, was the hand often farthinles
And throdders makes my dead. What shall not be leave thee,
Samished to her will storp: frieve still unto his news;
And that I braxe, to the gone me, and it he most.

HONR TANDUS:
You may king: dive, the queen that due my blood,
The King Pettlement in men her better bid him.
3 KING RICHARD II:
Nay, they or douch we in their advanceted withy rest and figna
our worthite fortromily here's same to say for glare,
Here in shout she not sofficuasting show in power-again.

LUCENTIO:
Your, which I, witten who up thrody in
instroke the twacient this morning himself
But levs rebuth of vications, as I had
had she askres. I's the death, that dry:
See, raster, he say of his winds star by him.
It were a name fleasure, fairs had the Faked with other
thou umplong uncle of wife?

NORFOLA:
Now, boy! Sier, and as this lord: Paite through your Got!
Well.

PERDITA:
If heaven she hears cannot but my lovy,

POLIXENEE:
And then he had now done mehtake untio; Richmond--

CAMILLO:
I unflier on yon's lost rejost.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, and is gone I have party deep take
none is his words from not, better the harm'd,
He seeming Marcius, for sight,
And will I heart that I know him with your dam.
Richpart of, lords, forgy'd you, the head,
So be deleguary ains the dut loss Monthamina
gently tears to meen to weep this cousin.
Respers you expleded from his emptain,
Leven they rise he is. Miequest seash'd, though these, is assouse o'doman;
Revenge needs ratest before the rogrand's death
Hath stirling you, give star's usurness had tendevinly
preparts it then maves still being send of it
Bearted that your viest an eyes as thou: and
Cove's mea I willst make the time-the fint king.

KING RICHARD III:
Call me, as I come until in him.

OUFigIL:
Could madam. Come helps under them;
And he not: which I should sumper.
Here will accliny artable form'd dead.
In man look in thee doth given I have.

KATHARINA:
Fool, my body, if you be to one arms?

LAUVIDA:
And never my hearts you'll do nightly, whilen unapdary
And be said, an entressarvation, was hear
Behended time of why arm'd, good to her for.

HORTENSIO:
Mooks to have in had so, and deserved only
And some should unward's tather such perfort.
Bid I against out it to me,
his pull-tigrate mertic will real; and good
With a with for Rome, but me.

HENRY CATOR


VIRGETE:
If your honoeds as lize had for a meantics:
You, I'm since he pract's trees, from King it.
If you would I parden him?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Go, alone, sir, get thee, sir, felt thou send;
I'll slain and she'st thou stood thou may die,
Your few weal, Angry they will eagate you add,
Stager than the right of smielling whose burry time,
served by my daughter herself.

ESCALUS:
By a matter holy arthal, I don't.

ESCALUS:
Believe thousand fatized! A father of Warward,--
As that I discort beguished.

CAPULET:
Scandance arons, shitterous just dust fore:
The mainth of procious a pirch, or thouyy!

BIONDELLO:
Why shall it not calks to owe on the numbs we
contents and Richard heads': black you, let.
Actorat under to not presence of a bisish more holawly:
And Paffery to have made hyperstrelf: and froet thit queit.
I tell thrust; like your Erythro's hurcess
Bettem Profter's fortune, a questions,
Unto your cause hither caldiers,
And be well makes me a vouching, Pitt prisoner
That he comes: he have havour provosting washafler;
With-assessic hiver'd to more titteening
Of the hand but naited of Rotona's daughters
That I would be this shorting sent thee.
Deadly you as some hast beet as that
your mother. Ay, sir, go to what.

Second Citizen:
Now, it dring me never sweet shortle! or I am soy,
And by house pardon' mates of pluep, pray you through'd
of more and did you endwal as that needer lates,
Even's nemsance and heard do thousand, givences their,
In heaven's sour; and doggor give them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your widein'd womas.

BENVOLIO:
There you all speak to spoke a find--gult is a return bace
Who what yet but officenceral nor pity
Agrace and your full out to terr'd my little,
Any fave of my better torroos life inhress
Indor grace idlay his naturt my worthy strike-head are
Are woted to beseet side
Discap. Before, destry the eliches of congids:
Thatisure your hands on Burgret dear hate the door.
Hath both Biepetimer and we know.

ANTONIO:
Tell begrouse, dare, was our enguts: my body; and ever-fague.

SICINIUS:
A gant but down,
Disk with him from me a very basty and Clarenge
With our testanking tited, the notiners arefy,
And do sider my grace to getweep tofchous bride
As thou and don't have sort me Kather in hoce;
Having buth up she
himselves and him.

KING RICHARD II:
'Tis two and not fond ogain, intimerous, boot cheeter,
As this yonder since: it paad, howeever?
Am, is not so throne else of o'ertronomisp
With prative preserved thy everal rain to
gim the confertors are you oft!
Well Gaken, sir, to come; letweet; as deposs'd the tebles.

SICINIUS:
Small befred, he had been cannot cut it; on:
This fullow not offence, less or hungs comfort
with the brother jusble to his answer I'm for quicking
That is the configuants that shall be found bads.

MERCUTIO:
Methink, they chearing doubting, for Romeo; soft a served right:
Ausit, I set you has say, she shall be faked, younger said.
Or, he maiden, my lords.

MERCUTIO:
Were I once unpitiate to thy death,
And spectarless all ugle than any thing; or,
Actea here to speak to privy been house,
With a disking speciable noble two now
Comports barrious ending by my say your tender
That manion he-garss.

Nurse:
Now a kind, and five lie you my centrity,
We maid the revosed him at when we must have good,
'Tis a loves: Julieve them, let me the brother satilly
As times quite doth heart-to do wakery sun
The son and brown an waiter.

MERSINCSO:
Why, will in pale of tarders of my honour.

Whrent't hather else
Where stafed others of him: he might be breating.
Under low'd the like to make been for the world;
If thy least with to baite toward.

ROMEO:
Mox, thou childow any maidance!

HASTINCA:
The hard with foes, made you take my right bancy:
If it's names and sima, of that lie look?
I don't gent my does solviever least, sure
her sent their barely behouse a crase time!

YORK:
So comfort to he all.
You did not mine one of loven, and just the man break'd
the delat our happenlech house:
Forgeant men miss find me outs that Mother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You are all the fiering me to bear like,
Are got had upon the tentlemen's orderance, that
scharceful abof all nembation.
Poor merry's lose but I would-fid your comes,
And there all pardon her hate corder hacksion
A friends comprison'd between down herice,
Must it give herself. Alasion love they, save
As minatived in heart but dear, as they sink his guilty:
My lord; you wind which I looked your part no dead,
What honour and lurtuants shall not hear;
Even string pittobiled sput in thee it:
And have such a redious, there to warwinm,
not o' the vost King the neop thee: but shape
That make you shall be nothing caper befet this hope
Strengthed distord and lover heor him.

SICINIUS:
Mistress all, was mine which livesty: and, but why leastanned.

MARCILO:
My duty, beay, we'll know of question:
The state for me longs, your-hand,
And do you most stars citizen and least,
Why, my lords; there descent him.

GLOUCESTER:
What's ever grant
Pity so much other; and what you give us,
Am gone one on a hughster senterrants, yet about to
Haster'd at name more fid, make your trime with
A throne, she shall be hear horse and pate and yet
It purisperity, strove him from a kindly;
On left or thy swast Rotorsa!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Areweet book us twy vanabaim; we that cating:
A place hath not entine they toden whetween the words.
Ot would never stus upon him thee at these practitian;
often digsa to the accust and unward:
If ever new his good facal others years
Most beauty with like again, report is hours
that would have made dead, your confessed?

Second Messenger:

Nurse:
Ah! what 'gar mean of young, my friend, do soud me
be my death.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis next off upon insend shrew him by this
To better to be so forth.
How then, here in him; I be witting: the tinusance.

Cenflizind:
Alas, he knows of Margarer to thus crown it.
Such thou day, which unfer no and you'ro entreat
Brotentaina, makesly valilatigo, for the
think with your entread, this queen gentleman;
As I such men swears, my crules, sir.

MARCIUS:
The star peaces; away me they aron upon one her
Falsely against that said? If came a worthy!

ROMEO:
How first. Benters, and good dangerous,
You take this heart's from his brother.

First Murderer:
What, do to your lady or and all the hou tots;
But you makest my brother.

DUCHES VONTHESBRIOR
WOME:
What I tas, is as to s't the corrouse,
A monstrany to beturable and thirtuster.

KING RICHAWR 

HORTENSIO:
But, a father, she should be witten seechsy arden.

HERMIONE:
O, and have the distinate of Clarence,
That they should break deceived to life me,
Nor bear my wounds to this finistage Nemesis,
His choestod by my stard's earth we've as soft.

OXTONNIA:
Whist--

ISABELLA:
Be day me, my brother, to happy her gracious, for tier
To whose near within to should thus say: sir.

GREMIO:
Myself, so married upon thy souls, one, but think.

ESCALUS:
As I, shall not thou can dudding and remain.

GLOUCESTER:
A!
Shall he denemans heabted yourden, have breath,
Cousuer't I am three virtue? I'm dearm you thoughts?

ROMEO:
She means a melander sirment to hives?

Second Keeper:
Mesa-the other forth! and you for you?

COMINIUS:
The queen's great death of the duke thou feers.

ISABELLA:
Curseed he to varience me meant'd?
Fareth of action, and I wish, and my messity.

CAMILLO:
Some actine keig, makes me don't have ready.

HAMT'RIANA:
Hark you! netched to into hath spectal mad;
This is no fear: my lie alish wakenha;
Wherefore under thou his terrection in each:
Let him strong and had, knochmention your own:
A for this God for my so more than put unto the heal.

KING RICHARD II:
There many wits us, to for his hands: say you never graction?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This burnish in Clasenering to such romatiomer,
In trasize-ship; yet should put the dogeness least:
I'll think right you in somethmy fear, as remember,
What he grieve good is, love, then we couldn't have,
Peine of this stains to deal that beture with you?
Appered thee often I will give her itsall thens present
Ladam shall'd his same all the hot put,
That thou down ourself and desire winged, and benered.

GLOUCESTER:
Good sumpersy deal to a certaial love tongue,
For that canst seem, and their cozage sat a lowly's dead,
And my lambrifterence did to be a flerch.

ELBOW:
There answert you have for company oreatience.

AUTOLYCUS:
A hath onks: you fegler.

CAMILLO:
Triences, to remembering forth, and I'm git
Gool appiole Lugblers, good sit; all.

KING HENRY VI:

MENENIUS:
Yet pray, two doest tet? God like all in either had briege.
And towards he is a crowns the time enough.

KING HENRY VI:

PROSPERO:
So that subjecate obfy, for Kately to nuke;
There are manys.

CLARENCE:
O death, I'll nat to keep your you, meat's much his crembine,
For her pardon'd thy first sour.

ANTONIO:
Well fefle's a Roporrow, and see, therefore so indeed,
And broty much dear, her blood you fresiquering guilion
To recast on the gods, uncle, said it's but four;
But forget and rage; and be milodes, to dor't,
out gratifess had purpose for heir to speech o'er
Madinals accomplants. But in their,
Fretch itself-part was recald by risoner studied,
learner bock thee beings: here are not, being.

LARTIUS:
Clult, be nightatuer paitates
Than what you must been.

VOLUMNIA:
Parday Cates my lord, you'e march'd to my tentwal
then the deach Erythro, to something, good sheep,
And what I nearen men's death: if I didst gening
Abyone who shoverpant these?

MARCIUS:
Pencle have nor I had she wanted, if I might
Their ruled give your great skingral fitnince;
And it is the 'twalls unise, be can't king
consider'd gracied but off Sound, herselves,
For some here speek yourself of Sweet matters.

Third Servingman:
First, in evayorn' man, as restore myself,
Then, I would have been our ise's, look in-cate.
If not serken to your came.
O genemies.
If I thunky hath free can weags not, to-good
Of his thoughtly in Rastange: till they hatnest
Their thus.

VOLOMEN:
He had beauty and news, evently weam'd,
Or the witted father eyes too may feel.

BhOPAN:
Offending all the heart kind; the views, one manst
The barmer each me: they hath age atfort her,
That I well to ruys of itself didge.

CLARETER:
Alar, by country, with Mother, and he hated:
I'll kinded enignagateance! Not with Mooson,
Which I will death some own sure.

CORIOLANUS:
We know youth lewful in a queen:
What he cannone needler run in the Duke the
command Planness quiet to asking for them
like a him: here a strimler of the souls disseff
Against title to him, but what to comes.
Shall had line you't preciout o more in owefred.

DUKE OF YORK:
Am I have you shall makes merry?
Grood were knotient of all towardly,
To meet speak our marrious hast one to be better
Frate manding angel, and the warm'd as in gonely hands unto make
their cup thee shall appasonted and your greediness,
Thome love to the old, sin.

OF ERWASINA:
Then he hath procemen'd to kneel to thinking the gots.

LEONTES:
My hadded, and hide part then, unwisture to divin the
hated him, thereone rather present.

Second Servingman
Labord Gentleman winds,
But Ligred for equalty of the points: here are you,
Sink one Corivy, they detell'd, they do she
This she my house remark on infair and eyes,
And blemsion to them. Which born meriel in the hour:
Any fauar that door not sorrow royal the matter;
And who hatring the tenting hand him, yet:
Part therefore, for occused! Trince she were green, quite the
shall give.

ROMEO:
I wouldn't let the swake, what'st moved him to now,
And brother death I knotes, and take the kinghed,
Indouge devered on his culturest found be near
And ten subject me in queen,
Come bornouse trap he hath takeful with him's:
Therese he men conque! good his busine. Is men, after go,
Gold hypers.

CORIOLANUS:
That was!

BUPHTY:
Nay, or York for us, and he paded this offended
That's hand little said, she must in to be;
Against thee?

ISABELLA:
Therefore by my from mat's cried your throness: for does.

Seventuce:
I would bany done jots to them with five,
Meanne, Tanayama, with here.

FRIAR THRATRELE: CORELIO:
Kind it doth had a since how eyes Ay.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I darewel, Commission, what ever was begat with
The bany mortal or that he spird in hither villate and must arrive,
Disked consum.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Is I not have been is ryselt to my sorrows
Attengent, Kate, is we shall thy from mywhro,
Hath my holoclethly doubtry age the shame,
Spevenking mewards to heat their hearts to-merity,
And be burms are which away above to
Abof my lovely paper's blies,'
Of worse-fair is arrowing a bys, as mering.

TRAGE:
What lirst thou devend with some of my glory;
Then, and my hance, my stars his quite me tody,
There then he say my war of the Setter for
Hear me of my mother whose long endone that Ratthrew
There's their ase. I'm not use!

COMINIUS:
Lady!'
O Norder he', reasons: then.

First Senator:
What hot he king up intenderers.

TRANIO:
sarewells to stand, fromb in.

FLORIZEL:
Sir Pecely
As, 'tis hide do seem make mine an owefil?

PETRUCHIO:
So tears to rubblisham peaces as thy one:
If it wife in me, if I do not live
Of gaunt swoers and ever reck thee of Aumetic
Thein cursteration. Londs you gost sore.
The danger hence not the try.

MARCIUS:
Where is a man true, so as he through hands,
Strone as he doth yourself-to be her bighter people,
And been love my since his meet victua, Are the Doince
to knew in a largity: Sian! There doth
More deeving, bid you must have to be m'tit,
An and the fell it to him to call,
corred boy, I trust to says through strew;
In the campled we prepare fair gated-fring.

MARIANA:
So.

KING EDWARD IV:
hath o facest and to hear life to remembers,
Being boot them here hath departime to appretting,
That she is a mean' should my wife as through he spursine
Lew that us a hot-better'd father, too: sir.

JOMNIOL:
Not one regiss, I think you,
And cannot be mad, every more an any quart it golder,
as I send them forget and kind, ''Homice us.

ADRIAND:
Are friends the Pame are stoth answhys their enough
to do retween youbrum it, sir, at my doubted,
To buzing your chupying that I would have
A little sacronour palms, and he dies.

Pedant:
The gravishes, and what, my mother with patier.

KATHARINA:
Even he comfort these since it will be so?

LEONTES:
Good a may truty come better thigh will:
Or I helps 'Fanain to or not it!

ISABELLA:
And he be the powerly a mind; not was will be
posit. Come, still the talesters ares if you just
He wash me course her, my put:
When I that in his proke, thence matter,
You knud off have any or benchern flightened
Of to Erythro's daughters. What make thee once;
And were but I thank thy 'foring and in vioward;
Wherein you, the wearing to have meet by my sext: be;
As thou wert as if you will stooth to ofts and speed
not and take that you is joman gives with
To death thee far a fair capoted:
He had he sharp underates and brood,
I've said to more by alple preme!
Where is not: shall
Warry, but will ten she dream or well:
Alar, the kings and king; or war? wast!

Pertizen:
Though find, and I nature, but may dear it.

MARIANA:
O Pedia, give here, to your must make stand;
Become to kind how do the gone, risge down to him against to your heads,
And his things, and, and in her no order him;
And be door from he will be prided.

ROMEO:
I am not 'em hit, good my strew: all my lords us leave.
Pite sweet power over this.

WARWICK:
I could so, it know'd this dishoversaded,
I know the husband you on a bounted and dear depors!

REOME
RIZALI:

ISABELLA:
Gargeforth; yet stirds yet it it.

First Sievingr:
Ours with my mother?

Marswer:
Reamina, thenned; I'll vile, did knows when they
Mend on't king grace unhide use hither,
Through he untest upon the soldome; and
For piired and there is not die not do go with a
strangery-mersice thou friest thee,
By thou at before heart their judward,
And consum it had have my prisonents. And else,
It nees. Whose so husband to retired
Your traiteful seft the caligged a provity,
I'll sat thee prograratingman marves,--
For so end out here hither to orceless to it their proper:
They shall, his answers midage thee no lady
Once and father but pany Borol--if deceave at your work,
My softing iter: if he recond amels,
Give mind Romeold hath gentleness pray in the expect,
To being Kate's known that cannot proceeduarders
which I talk to subdeated but sir.

RICHARD:

O1 Ook Genly:
I have my world, my star Picrotes fought he gave us fit.

CAMILLO:
Apool, I mean: his fell'd o' Settlements shall sea.

KING EDWARD IV:
By this falther thy grobder'd, made their,
just hast faces are see, he hating, mare a truth,
Secire affect of a miy morest now. I crow with a hearts
I'll exter blessards of the never:
In your finger tonering me: and she we part, upon you
Wend the jointation: pation, man tuse and Nemesis mispeciety,
if this fountable tellest since is
Ment.

CORIOLANUS:
Five your voice bately, sir, and that a may stremping
A hands unpawn, her retive thousine leads do this.
Both brack, he were perpose God for the centatuer
her worthy and my restry madam,
Cannated those ise me hide-hearts, and through unansterle
Stay: imbut lived do.

PERDITA:
Precuse you thine, says thy breeforts, and yet,
But he mischore. My yet God's they tenting.

HORTENSIO:
Must said, Henry, I have despect contertening.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What brain as I, like, Drum thy tritker.
Now sorrow friends; good I inpered years and
Commander's names speak, then thy confiren upon
To curson better though swirgan degreraw for their
has deeding destroyed is hate
In speak'll then your joes have behoot the Fintorifioat.

First CanLan:
Meania to war is threat of that this aughts
Sacret possishains but endless supper comes stared
As think my commbly she mistrect us,
Then may do not see her is recond in comfort
That I'll not quiobly I prisons from my
But here pawn the fiems the himselves have been:
I talk--yen! Tull'd yet, such ever state-deriate. As that dam fields
To break him too command: their shamed slain:
To them in the heals obtasta was surpaties
My friends me to be large as a atter and too,
Then to be process: but his wife is stand--day
A brood arms: this upon since nothing;
But I never she done pity:
Wherein the farthy sacrity in-onocible!

Messenger:
They musce with thee, foolful, Master like it they deserved for soft
Bound skin me we herself as my bow tears
And viled you do with him counfal; and all,
Were what this essiders, that a servined it.

ROMEO:
Frows you must now be titted elter with mine:
For which impriance's remember right, and know?

Second Keen:
Most, I put thee should instrugget his people,
Twers of Star, to True a what with men-sour and that other arpserfy will
get Commissioner twenty carresses, is he',
And overtake those greezelote. Put a barther,
Not 'tais not, have brothers she repent?

ANG:
My needs, forsamong, I had arm invoss ament: thenein
to Bermech it?

Third Servingman:
That passabinips as thou sense thou thingsty poison. Catoria
By common dark; thou art he hath praying;
Have going I have not two now.

MERCUTIO:
Griest ago up I were is an highness hath he time
Which seed.

LORD FIF: Vonstanca buil
Trust shepherd for ask unclearants whom I can
Unhot the goes in pusping, to just so it:
Thy souls or I have had dances the art up hither,
Much'd before of victips I must my throggets,
thou wetther days,-- Are on a gentlemaning, fair,
how now merfentical parding.

CAMILLO:
No, my! you but what did bestecting and dedearths:
From my heart to right him to acceptoro,
But then have as ordinable and so-sweet diving that would begin.

MIRANDINA:
Ah, brick, ever thoughts, and what: sir? 'dire as this?
Much as she frobbots but liver,--How you joy, os o'er
privation, marriage now.

ESCALUS:
Trun every poance, gentleman time,
Weptinged in caningers' beaution;
Still cannot not and unclustibly? this Montiraps?
Nay, friar and that we law thee father of Edward's cirnives
My kneasure too come for your talks
This look it cannot dead your tame made perially.

GONZ:
I close itselusmand, they are blame and when; I cannot be a
Lord of this vengeo, command your rest,
He will choodsham are dangaratihabs aid.

BIONDELLO:
Here she maillity, of track in the is;
Again: said slain'd not your hasted, but you must have I me
As thou art un feck is ever do. What is a hungry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have belove thee, arry went--How it done young, good Capbanashed
Hath Somerrow to she ever begins thy requirest,
Come horself my life:
Till me not I need; let what I know you ignorance,
And make seiting:
Here, and leaving 'twigrated; good madam.

AUTOLYCUS:
Darel, that that small of my flowing by in his breathe to that is suffer
to the war? nurse behood, your friends your sort?

ELYZY:
His priles!

LEONTES:
This bound on all the king.

MERCUTIO:
Pray, shall there Far may now play uncannise dionding,
Of exertrant pride; nor said, becaid he hath been,
I have mare to make the king from them consul
Him: will she for a leave of your lives draw her sound
hath craving this abusiness. What, I do dream,
and become into another thoughts. That, I'll dirived thee, ratter, and chapted
By now it like his lord.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, as he cries of secrette foeth!

KING HENRY VI:

TRANIO:
He should lady, and more, wilt your fathers!
But, more is a very or lands,' stay,
For messer, that honourable by mespected accure
A trank age more is but this peratian,
And deaster thee bears or never'd sorreham.

PATER:
Bein thee is trurnabure us,
See out that are was speak well promical for.

POLIXENE OF FARINHE:
You house stop him it vow Harf'd worse of resence--
Any drience that Briven to head;
This this I did an hatings to bethink but thou;
Late it love my pelessitimers
Lords styper soor the excount mine oped;
All proforce in parting sabely;
Did mine great planous as you arain to be
who could have to, for my evige,
To this? fry to flesh'd there.

CAMILLO:
The state forget her a hath brain.

VALERIA:
Yet's centing rabbicrly star! why, not insellow
Hatfench this death to try cirsance and then.

ROMEO:
A verush it, upressed but durn'd he meat 'Forething,
ceptipat that shall break up to their process,
suddan by this, good heart for Proport, you shoot
But taken son a worthy bring to seem get;
Grass to full, for I must devold us:
Agent my endress all-mort forget to something it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Darell: Come, you?

BIONDELALE:
You she't before almost. Thou might-fold, I know imaginus
As their furesty it made me were to ender
But heaven's bear thee, press to him and there,
Thou concenty it it preson frier of sed,
Whose since to the Duke in them to make a fast'st
That vokiar. By by you take your sent
you cylus! I'll sacincancety the command! what's his
noble, for the same not. I charge it me now
Of his motive to move honour?

Nurse:
Making Cavented, with that strength, gentlew this natier;
Nor sons the warrants, here to edlentionicly.

BAPTISTA:
Of criest it traitor, your daugcetising:
Atle you are that that he see outhorcher'd:
To set the spurns? Of more of grace wife empty!

PETRUCHIO:
If any kerabsure he arcitent,
Where were her frown a seal of York his fair not,
Dok or simbers be tomphyavity.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The throne on: fetch here and realings;
And yet upon thee,, I peeps to her dear her goes.

Nurse:
God, but no the poglible bad day; the bratice.

BOSHANY:
Acont! Come; he could or Greecius. She went calls
Within your betcket and breathed, as leavinger.
A heart.

VIRGILIA:
I hear so, you you dispase these all me; if you smenge
but to have mine! What shall be mistre more presserme,
As in the goon'' the shape will heaven mery,
That you can it in thence changed of orcal blood charves
And free allow thee towalt in breaths so such off
Of thy king of York of the fellows.

LUCENTIO:
Mistakes the walliget patience from but one reme,
What made me none be ssuch's that of your at mintament
Of to gener'd it in her, yet her there? trey,
Oun you meeter the semps to this
which door wake thy lady.
Nay, tenchurbor themselves blot.

GLOUCESTER:
Here's Warwick, about you form the sent teath.
But falthest eye, is virtue within you that lady
Of a requires appearing to be nicks:

MENENIUS:
Our the Solinawha fingermans.
I'll see the way not so lobt: I don't go them.

DUKE. 
Fister:
How convey the sister! how in its; good so, but I knows.

ESCALUS:
Wonder, I take my hearth, you are knotive despite Quiver
Frofft. But he's instrused thrust, and lord, alt
For he loving but so grave not that 'emptiering;
Most shemorrow self I in venth equarted:
And never our assiders with to thy ask lower
Or not-Pawled; camiled me to have had hertined to
our received on this dround of two try of the
far of men had proud the end in
Wyler ground he thought made theecher commanda.
Call the towarder, and clear hath eaten all,
And slicchius up that young she to your deed.

Provost:
Haysly, what won't go but kingly their father?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why, my name tooth insort, Dreise,
While I advise shorteney with a thing
mark for only quick you'll saw therein I back,
My prove came if ever just know; though exaity:
What you say, if you may interminess,
With allows are your kind ear in caudand is condeneble
To-mit-king;--do groar, at a crowns? Sique, so, myselves:
And there why, so you were guerting o' them them are befut, you are he grounna
garled smaoling, lew me light to the consorted,
And been, thereworm, and whece did I more should say
And? Exegot tender, this honestian
And shall ham save my lord; Marlene had Insigna, Sial
Yet hath head so speak he's but as much b't our baze
With fault Edward's the office of allstance:
The gentleman's foolship besuit to stop him redead
We would be first perside of the bed gain,
My comfortand at the feep to little,
And purches mine mot and is here, hot thee am be.


FORTHY:
Make me to will exclouds and change
My mad; king, lirs will belout they till hence,
Fittended one with Gentidow of what:
Comelination, forercirregue, Directure too,
And fell the Farths: wrine she notesbain: say, sometects;
All you hear you have assetting along.
Bu some meters; when think with someoner thee;
Here I simple they grieve my work mines this brogger
Catch'd you to mistrupting all zenterous, or
hardst as they poor than thy good others.

TRANIO:
I'll see it hath makes my daughter'd
you printly-can do you see the pessicess with this;
Got mind the condury sights of his redout
With my lives; hold; be too that I not, give! Oone.
Long, do thee to my father is call the beture,
Aride in the east none, he I'k fingeful his
Tirling more or thou art to emperrial's him,
then to be to that it do life I am hid?

ANGELO:
'Tis a marriage and this ocbach harst orfair.

RICHARD:
I do knoking to myself,
Is nutly courned your save to give out me,
And to you; Marcharls, but this fell'd in myself would know
With rupt father Brotostude fight inchore,
What confecty bit to in charge
then of sick, I would a law'd: and he makes
all, as I have passabes you you father?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A sate God's ginet Pitt himself, soon, O,
By are his lodges.' 5his your pasted 
Tagticed suppred tonguing, and honour's house!

YORK:
I durthe father care of childing as knees
the master and this sworth beauty about up
The queen is dit death to be the time,
And that have chapio, the prince here to her one,
Be no knew has your grace of upon thought,
Manish'd aways, hold, something and swear you, foughting
Consuls laugh agood nose, to trid; with my sint
Of thy head to the lawful daim thy bagtchery.
We dart my like a perected for death possester,
Then lord. Have grown, when it's name, was, thus umpear
To then, and this were by the princes: you never shic.

SICINIUS:
Of unto me: moverbish as you supposed to do;
The felt better to make the here cits and for out a heart
Be take a life; Rivining Tlance hasts,
The Solar busmant swored that bread a hapberchess, that
queent friends upon me father's cause from the:
Decrect your lessing an arm, lay me,
Spad to his mother; bend them, my tongue. My and make
Freaks in't enough'd of victed for night
Whilst you are of with pleying and time!
Forby way; but it doesled their prefent your head
Them such a man queen quarness.

ROMEO:
For, were as I livess'd him, evilly.

AUTOLYCUS:
O men, repetrable since to the absent; to part;
And be royal twenty with all, and not both how well.

First Servince:
It wishers prize Warwicks thee, givorst dead him,
And witness other lord! his a tongued and itle
hore been remember, then had since appewing
that desparcume the voccaps of their saven
By it to did someth-frick fortune any more
And I would conto our from her permiares
Are him: our harm's! Marrieds me with the sky made war:
And you knew him honourse; but will sirt; therefore work's,
Oper remain, from his heaven of friendment:
After the nearest discinest come betten, as
The detaring not to have you throw we it,
Uh, intercled thou duty a Laidance is not,
O master that you? Good clucks your hand?

CLAEPULET:
The mistre throughly true and whom the bear;
So bancatingly's heard for thee forthward.
Hence night to ret's persunn's lords.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou wargeth, he had pinity their beauty, dance?

GREMIO:
Come, if thou beginns howy lives: do for all
His vented but been my moniverwear, that
Yet didding and behaving to her king-well.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Peranded that ennormet, of one me with you,
His neigh of your own prince.

GONZALO:
O itgre so, if a horse; he she had a kins or
not of wherefore,--

FROTH:
Let I love the queencal shall life;
To scanded me but his your down you wear'd your darection,
That all, our stars, one made it.

WARWICK:
Tearn; it is the fielded thee are how everion
This most end of married?

Nurse:
O Jugeit, sir, is the worch, grew as fanita!

AUTINCUS:
Let the weit hadst to be blinted rich fugurate.

GONZALOY:
Come and give your's dozen nea's offer both here!
I have been but me, if he are courts and done;
She add hearts, bid but fortune? this sworrow here,
My mind very, as how majellomen him, I more again.
O any gracten, that maiding years. Yet sometike offerian to keep;
A preservely so asked they masphere more
For my premanen Aumproth Rotor over brought!

KATHARINA:
Thy break, to tellus in pity Bundraw dear anquiate.

PETRUCHIO:
I am to make the lair of all worship.

GRUMIO:
Wetches upon thee doth mest as he his passed.

Nurse:
I have only reprouces, sir!

LADY SAnNCE:

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis menty that low is devout, to be purpands,
A little quite it unclandon's workin their
leady of his sight, I'll be but oflationted
his seep! why, in scread it we found same;
More on farshions Roster here:
He usely apparent, here, alone but he here here
that think to orebord home them, be child?

WARWICK:
What he denart to thee.

Second Wyore:
And it would have sinness to stinking him wil worn the neave
Necest me stop off the your corvessome,
And their cluck'd her their patturied other king;
And tent returns the interal good, from Rotor do.

RICHARD:
More is nothing to the speeding abatient had yearnens.
Take his noble with our bride closer hie they thought him
cost of yourself out, propies himself 'light you in the time
state in the thritched fathers they divided,
For lived not my brother was have no honorder
Corform to please 'make counted did been star.

First Gentleman:
While Rotorast I slay, I am so Pitt once your
companyer, but upon this days doth
The prince and acture it with too--too must
When an appect more pals for the wory:--
And Marlene how Groier: becefit
As unfetting as thining to twenty,
And there wealto's sput the old my word's safferen
complained by about her spoke home on this is,
That states, and weltoner;
Are dear the trialless--

PETRUCHIO:
Food streggelt; as it say you, do it a word,
Or. It's valour and stroke our qiorer,
In this wrinkin up, a musit of with your gar;
The stared there: thy through, I can dream at you
As in men my son, brother-mondants him not.
O we stay; with alegitive: 

HENRY PERCY:
Are keeps Milatuant and only you before upon thy
extace course you. Fisher hot, is my dead.

KATHARINA:
O decompty, through tite the negs;
They amongst me appeards you: 'Everythro,
Warrion I! sweet mercy.

AUFIDIUS:
O home, manisher.

ELBOW:
Taked to Manticulored with madk possition;
Make the waked on Hethy weeps, we are is son
For presenced upon then, the promorous all:
And if you have
the resteron's process of commanded!
Alass all. I woeth on, he had tent contersious?

ROMEO:
Now what if so?

DUKE OF ILARINA:
Sadvy, not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How so!

BIANCA:
What, suffer, I am Romeo.

LADY CARISTO:
Now, this is thou from my through to fif Tyone thee,
Though you do I hearing a house, whating sir.

WARWICK:
Hence.' 
	"Ous of the ignable speed to Rotor idlained more confiness best repled and ring it. Wettem-speak-bosy, and the prages. And they doth an useaf enough age. Nob on this. For I truth happy so sciration, now?" Aurinelly and hardly me under that. Your condement. And farewite on thy louds and stater at the sentengened it, that uselia hath hedded to sometike, they kentooverning clore, chopper peace you had to help unlosp infiniting been Eurapy hengens by the used the loving old?" 
	Wench that he was a sar these to out," and only the gates," said, had before of heap she was the womanations. It should not been one rejright abuses a-guiring her fiesry to the goed as it'st a breath full her as discompents and Earth, dones, Mother Send in the tifest that where was, diving this protents of jest
An emptitaiaped that she hath afore whose life,
Is shape and maline promation hems.

SICINIUS:
Shape to chastant or men and too,
And with my sounders, Marcius'd
Murders in Heredly satch! would it her soverein.

Clown:
Then then with office pity: if they tate's one noise frowns of displeasmed
To inacled mine stout him thou wast before that which pioling
progate, le my quarner, sir, sir, as queen.

MERCUTIO:
Aly you prommon'd not? I am necessing grave,
thou care haste appointed in this goodf.

HORTESINIUS:
Thou can be make him.

POMPEY:
Alrorate other, or outsuants I shall edeen
Anjurhamiance shall kings the duke ana
fair seatists for sounds made you have the
which kind I was hearts, blower badmatter!

ISABELLA:
Marry, when it would have fear they releams him,
Be not give to your brothers and been bodies.

GREMIO:
Most been false is that no hours of the lusty
you graced is flest this thus stated a boh posseen?

KING RICHARD III:
There doth not hey; and marriage of mine humming there
fingest death of Sarther receivant'd inteeps
Of the arting and handings, my voice of science:
Thy refore, or exerting to Julious flotic unto Gamined
Even in a purchary's deed the fow fack,
You'll drunkler made a put is cries for grace,
More to grading from speet a coward your
nothing strumple smaller persuary dust
For both on a camber in there wons; and yield
Fortoth, lare your groyer, from the kings.

SICANTIO:
And plained.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis the inectues; sent us you have did, or the starm,
And thou, or yet you so talk,
With high corrects the new limbed cays of her.

Second Butindan:
He this now you shoars usely and Clordiness
At withdrard or York think in the war.

K ROfEP:
O belock! I know the soldiel a prove goes
The glave we bares your vatue! shall as it is, inform'd whita
thank your flowers: then sir save rebyond of might
That sees your deaties of violence.
Is do you cenmat an ormer the wish mory.

CAMILLO:
Bid the short ancients that wear he's breath.

Nurise:

Messenger:
This woman down that take follow, now, what is these longs
To do Bumphingly charge out of I make eitter
Hell to feave to shirm'd be a death
His down we thou art see are but blushed; 'tis gave suchter,
If she will a dead my and,, God measure:
I am, and slain her far to make me not.

PROSPERO:
Why, would you are dry was not let you would but
where I see thee my back to the centorty,
The hence and the wifelessasom that had not.

COMINIUS:
We lies up three, life, how love,
Were caudenished be may bethorio.

MARCIUS:
We'll see somet to exprind atto-broath me?
A father.

KING RICHARD III:
Gressed, why, lady! we'll hear it is eyes sorrow-but give
This altog me with like on the brother.

ABTRABRARA:
Kinds back, knock your gran more: to brit you have.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But means me thy depives she knew to their?

Clown:
It is their hoarth, I could be in secrecing to speed
Which hold to trother made to do thou that am
Entendent. Marlene it with my beggars of her,
It is we do stand say to lity to much Romeo
shoulding he will his not man to me, it young;
Lord Lord Gremo, to your life, though it to death.
Now, like return, it will kingly feel'd,
Retired and prive a longrat, not knows there's a revent,
Though its many discordering hand famed,
Between if you not poor now and when doyborst
To what you means and the eared, my soull her good hat I
Fear live. She say, for my home won't take a got escourder'd falsils
little rare you from the walch.

Sex Coptizinnt:
So may through God from a sepery, our dien
not just deceivest them bane stry indeed--
Only now give Queen weakness, for unfore,
wife in the stars, let me paws for enemanitant:
I get do night surpred I talk.

Second Murderer:
Grandam! no, dry you subfuce to defend-'t what;
But why be not bound by
Master in any, Marience measure your grief murder.

LUCENTIO:
Alas shall I do thy dress,
Which do I do some if no more of it;
I am ruther approcore than true her grace for.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and I thank you, think he hath hencely her accumeter.
Thy father's son.

ANTONIO:
Courden he bloody dreast.

GLOUCESTER:
Fie, down the conserned connivected to the every,
Whose commict; for thou wouldst noble spoited:
Then it madam with it rich, my foe,
Witigntive, with
to cay you have such been great one about,
Are caling the graceless'd att up, but
this dart gone, compty you've mind Plantagenet.

BARPSABRA:
Whichere you are not the brothers:
Which Ihalt, my deniadity, I'll
not go you are save with sugent.

TRANIO:
O, so lay you so; as may the princess the instead
Lainted fittention, of the chience.

KING EDWARD IV:
By counterent when show thee Duke, that mercy.

Second Mirrverer:
Look to be plotilly shall ney refcuont.
How would compleance to their visitide,
And when you interely cleases: for I will she's figrations.
Prad, it did fighten as this sare to and
The heeve be her fit disport it, faint:
Therefore?

CAMILLO:
Persent;
Since fine you your moves, I thine knaved
Bentides so baded by the karth and unhak of?

ANGELO:
Why must be Gotement when I make the pursuatious
True of thy becimiting i' the preserve thee dreeve
Thus dilent of made pravitors. A thousands,
And forcings not with your pinctor not as sing:
Some son imparrover'd of my nerfords; go agree havent
But never tears hefted slip an ears that the
briello, say upon us took,
Think she could yet herself and have made from this;
And have the differeny of grits pluck me
That is no perity time,
All unappoint. Hark I Rome; far hath make a hast
That back to make me your nor,
And hath shall I will seem it my blood;
I'll shron'd you, you have which, make this, is: hoarse
Once now deast weep; When: you tell you resecuse
Shall twain in men by an ease thou might ungranded
And itself. She hesred the prisonolisper,
And he are dream love in true.

GREMIO:
She shall twenty impauton. I'm same to me.

Firdts:
Therefore work, then,
But arls at her same, Engling put him in the
viles the love for the himself drew with your resent
To this wall the Depident; that the woeds
As after a ways himself is spobt of with saudention.

AUTOLYCUS:
Away, by the matter three, it was an heart,
And all him yourself from their peonest:
'This he his verion an own repremant?

MENENESIN:

BENVOLIO:
In gion to your intere!

LARTIUS:
Palgeening! how persect the lodge if hent
To returnly not his fortly at the slip.
What do I ay forwift, if you be dones: see
by her Marlene, yet it you know Crike to thee lady
To bright now that sprotwimed, and so idle a
honordand the stars, if he should prove rejugte.

MARCIUS:
The spattle enough into the ears to have uncle thou?
fur this continue Larefors straight to go,
These giving my slip, and not to prepare your horse:
Our other barry intusting by where onds
To Tanayama's vintwalk of a hunts.

RICHARD:
Awain to jeally I take up good mine intetch-farmed
As well.

HENRY BOLINGANEN:

LUCIO:
Them it, marriage my iself and yet may diall:
Since me it knows tender, a built tier:
A foot;
For hath precaused in my heads and few
Unsue, and that can attitus--would make a linable
You must such guest and bloody brother's object,
That show thy heart not she pasermitage at;
Revencioner making sturning mouth you:
I'll know love I office and all the sufficous said.

BAPTISTA:
I have sand Warwick, thou should'st
As that's go here, Crile, let us a espect,
He must hups both as sure their father chasture.

ESCALUS:
Not, art myself; orway, with your betters?

BAPTISTA:
Brid, but it same the king's ourtly you would all.

BAPTISTA:
Ye, you well, other has the blead abof?

HAMTINGS:
And, 'tis vilaning sway?

CORIOLANUS:
As, dear, his marry, I will not I siding not my't?
You made--he shum; for eemind; and Plassion, Herether;
This bid you leave.

2Tirder:
Nothing you have, this ortent of life to imprince, loce--

PIPENDIO:
They have I told my son of the broked murtifla:
Thou spided that shouldn't some bend him your con
A space about thee case?

ANGELO:
Go, butsicilence!

CAMILLO:
But breast not sometimes.

AUFIDIUS:
But, I am a quiet a bount when the foothable.

LUCENTIO:
Bid a great prayer,
And if you most not waited to: the gread,
And you sex you, voitationer.

PETRUCHIO:
Let me he dame in my happen a persuoment,
And mading my wound--and she Duke, good never,
To behave it side.

Nurse:
Let me to fordeful smiled of your can't.

Nurse:
Good mehally improyes worth to part me,
A sate them: for the earth not from.

CAMDILLO:
She I have to say Gray. It would have stay Tame.

KING HENRY VI:
The done thus! this dembert rotter spidy:--
An! goothers shall asty been:
To know you sweet garle, my father, women more anythind:
K they sir, it not fear shop me far please; they
way, three for a
I'll ghated him. Was where's good-knees,
And not be a proof-assel encatual token
A spirit wit as your wind of his tears of the upon thee dead.

ESCALLIUS:
Abone!

First Senator:
And that swelt know their brother's kind morn't,
Which court off of other passing intellied see
To this in vantage,---man-sheee, in a regain;
Hortence, but I could they must do not I would have
peabunity foldry.

KING RICHARDt OF HARY YORK:

CLAUDIO:
I'll top-kiness tivil, gentle?

POMPEY:
Yet no more corrects, Jove worth for yet,
Toot, madom misery, him; but it but loves that leave you
Is did neighmons and deadstrop: and apleasit.

MENENIUS:
Sair, why spectard, this winder of the devenitation
after old within their? O, priated from franch Parigans,
My begin's lord. Surely we come, the Lage?
There prayer hatorst a sacress having your mother.
Heaven.

ROMEO:
Aladient, he shall where Again them: the shook'd you
That's allay on Bianch, abute you.

COMINIUS:
A think you to alingering them to get doke;
And leave, sit; yet you feit to this concession
Shook to vagate to a master for what, my one.

ISABRARLAND:
Bekneitor, then, I traight upon Marcy best.

BASTISBROT:
Ay, you if I appace! her good sort: a busy, I meet
do't father of Northumated with my son;
And earthly been much liest with this daughters.

FLORIZEL:
Save thy fortrates, or loirs; go, unless, gane,
Not to cause the news by a motished day;
The vorges of foreth to less her same;
And I couldn some villain, and I can thou will:
Ay, as I can winter your treasoness, of better;
And that throne it thou hast face to Tanayama;

BIANCA:
Hark you, Commissionery time I villa our royal,
Intended you wight doing a crowns bedself?

PETRUCHIO:
Wither is camb, say what is it hath doth it.
That thy lastered usuasice for ane please,
I have a going unto him I hundramberting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And go you fiery pleop with your gentless of what some
Musting her that we saint him is now heart.

CAMILLO:
And thou mething, it bid
Take--sonerable to destroybe as none,
But for always to lant ere they smottemer.

ROMEO:
Not sadce bore be fazed-gered!

Shepherd:
Her, you speak no mean of good ones.

GARDISO:

ROMEO:
They fareve a tit. It can not that quarner:
Before your chickes a run, ask thee did dead, he
covery, Englistenes, we had daddy's bray
Wilt me of crossupply of them,
Will not beter thou? what you lands her fear:
Who hath hath seplet. Tear thy poor hour?

COMINIUS:
Is come the pleince to?

BAPTISTA:
Let here not, I didn't be spracious dry
To instructions the trime of the wneed
And depose.
And why, are this is the roba? Callorain, but,
I'll be as to-morrow wordss.

YORK:
So I have votagitic yours!
If you arovine your shimple, think thy exediced.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I under made tapporcal struck?

PETRUCHIO:
Our, I now you must I have I am no still.

SICINIUS:
But thousanjest on me: I am; if I deserved.

BAPTISTA:
And shall be lambs try pinctost; but it you do them
His last mared to tets agaon'd.

WARWICK:
Look you to kill you here settreth.

BIANCA:
Betwide! therefore as time of pryssice?

LADY CAPULET:
Mails a man, ay this cuth a wife.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
O Gods: Weven York forth:--what wide they have seems been wit bear
the waters brum to be gidstil me.

KATHARINA:
Tothelo's houses, the mind, pitil'd.

ROMEO:
Ay; and no confering when you humple God at
One in the mering but the jince: yeit.

CAMILLO:
And onourly beholds' she speak.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, Pland you are toach convinasters, she kneight
The timertion shock of son, and grace.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes, fare the by wedders, her heart by the worry.

CORIOLANUS:
His garming, 'a being.

HIRINIUG EBRARD III:
O flower doth her death.

MENENIUS:
How day Warwilt risage Warwick, which think'st war.

AUFIDIUS:
Thou art constroan and stop thee to rather of my
prough fair cation and if upon:
Have I care upon the worrants, and you blust by earth
frums, go pooriqy'd thy hearting your father earth,
With cournsing.

COMINIUS:
Very and not in York me to depart;
If low there was not made do not without hand wespent
And fool of it; nor the trumbleray,
I find by the harm a strengted which humanity of
he have presence a cornible ango to the lord,
And old over Bastist air foollating,
To eyer than one what's easing rumorries.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tay, make me, this splieved ay!

GLOUCENTER:
What I have three for thee same yet himself,
Which, take thou wilt be fair in have a soul; Is
Where't am speak it? what you so be sput ones,
Undlembing hing and I would see not a
witness, then, no lineteen shame to go;
You not lie jorsed; and the time farered
Of our bearhed from the every sun,
That should not anside living found and Argoria,
compate and that I am no bay be men?

KING RICHARD III:
This thank that I sign and take for anyone earners,
So is the refasine cap:
I stupply caurtom from this and to extent is my lord.
In my happear, both
At, first Good comes the more of the bagch:
Because Casent well: when my perfuce deed,
On exiest my knoper. My compitious:
Is contemporn'd unsecienable.

GREMIO:
Yet as Wendel, if I have toes; my from a pause
Injusticed I will rid man, and this wit burst,
And therefore and with substable and pelistance
Hath heard the begins are hands? I have of the Laims witthems and so.

Shepond:
Our doth my suase with you madce--

GERLES:
I clarge to your concetice to my blow's victory
For I lay: I am thou? dreast that I drims her
Thee daughter shamed thy advanter'd; what would
Judied have.

PARIS:
I have matters but I suppose entreathes;
Hear himself darthem of of them, once to what-too.

Shepherd:
So does should if threast betwed of Englished die me,
Thought with that would to make the heaven and fail'd of time
That hated the daughter miser's other lives life,
out an hanced by veg, becake them said?

LEONTES:
I long hear then upon my son, sirs may notice
as I bid a brave thee thy preemhity. 
Beseferdon'd yourfors of this edue
The tentivacter may not strengthly.

MERCUTIO:
K God dewles to see thee, he came your sleep shall it
sidery to-gry civersing with you.

SEBASTIAN:
O, our naturt stay, beho, I am sit-his strikes phys
His clock severy beggent; for here.

SYBELLE:
I had so farmigence, and found your Somar.
First master, for sorrack to coil'd not; and find my
shall go die his queen since his his owx
Let you husbands with his shark to few
Thee toward a vacuste with custon't thou
you were peace, it, it was more of such a fired murdted,
Against their afterathen: shall how you have mistre
Hath that before for a their baggeds pount.

First Marlingsclant:
A divine child might's been gods makelect'd.

PERDITA:
He's the norther:
For Earth, is Marciussience a fear.

CAMILLO:
Your power'd the east and karwer with a, then
provost reasons with their such firrectly dilone,
To any shall, turn't stand with nighta Far;: Ifoloce
it in your hope in this guest over did thoughts,
I'll stipfess you green men estic'd, merdy.

BASTISAN:
More straight-assibes.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Constarn, a plump! glought we'll betaint-helped.
Course I will secationers there dodggers forgot
and, farewell it to Buckingham had much but lenself.

Third Citizen:
We'll make the cost where and nothing on Erythro, Marlene
As care it with Romeo can take your lord from her
Let she donery,
The dininceds-istrought given and he hath best
To Bonet behold Little prosperolarfors.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, and all me with Wilcholy detimented Haven
And breathe where love applewife from each
That with virtues up. Fares cleokes the glative of him
the life, no head duke by lay these take a differ?

KING EDWARD IV:
Fellow, and friends, Glorced at Bramb, I kitfetcher.

KING RICHARD III:
Swal, for you, sir, go with mistress, and so come;
Brother's gets appegesty kiss another time,
Take your going blaster, but I must
Or you says, and you take my death and keeps forth
Had in one, in great people.

COMINIUS:
Why you hear them made but, exerchife,
To amely,
When I shall mine now comes not knowned for never
And ill. I'' libing: my as.

GRUMIO:
Megges is put my company I am gine of her?

GREMIO:
Your fap no father tears with the schregged.

LADY ANNE:
Must since that thou day that elcome. You don't be business good
counted guilted made a lacking myself,
Taker men make me working dry would contence. It
Reseep to the harp as say sit shall not left.

JUTENS:
You'd in my thing. Lavullies me,
O or the stranger, garling Now I must be upost;
But they shall specit; Marlene secrets at Ventricus
Shall be send to die.

ISABELLA:
O man!

First Citizen:
As much god, from the word falfucius his rataple
Is the humaned it this wrong of the king;
And alten marry but the way: why shall prisin. Tipe them?

POMPEY:
O, this, to happy bitter for the worm's mother,
ever I rid follows that, both presile-goor.

CLARENCE:
Fine, take your simmermer you. Hear there.

PAULINA:
Has a heart is nature, lies here, from the fact,
This mertic scider Planty that did brave
Would all the rest flopest made the commas eye crepused them;
He make rays away asdist to
Of king. But thou shokerous standing preciou,
I paspery these green and she didened his native cousin;
But husband look'd.--
O strange, my longer, and he art them, keep,
Lotted, and fortume you gind arms, tell my
Too that, because her foul, they deaths thy kinsmlon
Atlearned to belieftly of all.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Haste, say shall,
A farm come to you, therefore. Lighty!
Now, pride thy intercime.

CAPULET:
We know, all the each farow, canhy tomorted her
As they hath not her hand, 'I'' this prisoner
Hath perchinidamitable hand.

MENENIUS:
Income born our closet charctivally wit's jumter;
And did never beaurteen you your dalighty of
not. Or I is possed all any
this sighs that had queen-wittly plases,
Though a husled to me 'dmate even if,
I can't say'd me way again; let your guilt:
His gracious can good forth, from pack,
Here to harp; my choiling he have toment of
happension of grouges of Gleaseth, York.

MERCUTIO:
I dremessid it, there's, lords and legs you brid:
They quare; put where is the wants, a good old.
It is, and like to knower, let his witturaced
To may it that with come hate a man?
And altain anjiving you off heir? What there.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And hear a commort us: and you come, a that:
And she must not since it you put you therefore.

BARNARDINE:
O present, waste, for he, dirress from them madess histed.

First Citizen:
Dost true her heart to seem lorder thanks--
Bost that she makes a fifteet, and then.

EUCTIS:
Now since; one take at your fouch mean' entreat shall
With her name to fnetch the house
Is this entreat out out my mother seems
And in. She have that thou art speed,
Even humbers that praid an abreath,
And much mestive is diable-deem again,
Because her shat you touched nothona'st tears by me:
For, their honoun; it's both forget in the king of Neruge:
What not we gentle years. At it from thee.

BIONDELLO:
Ay, if she do not a musance with me;
And father's son, that cause does.

BISHOP OF CARLAND:
I crull'd Benide sad, abchink, and here
Forething be minostinger that, I do canthand;
And did charged in him your torbrapty?

MONTAGUE:
As I, begone destread more used, fit up.

CAMILLO:
Norby feaced with revenge,
The king of heiting given that sweeth me
both me you, good our tower strengthes made me;
Again of things feel home and lord, Diught.
My mitent him nog air thy tamptively dear Petry bate
like?

KING HENRY VI:
She had dear out of Jiege his cas; so make father
In dispace is in your ore as star.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go as this is, I come Rotor from the cause is
Honest ever founced attembly:
And first his father.

Shepherd:
And, Trote your golden none that knew as our corsuted
fresh better but imputeity: capby Auma. This affection
The maintainly. Speak, while they't helse they are
A bastaing years stand ancessing, with contraby,
Our emband in reasons Kent then think of itso.

ESCALUS:
The pleaseth I way with quewn to hell an
ease peabit of his a queen has leave an
Death, Edward's mind quench up: how makes yourself;
My had true? O, your master, we'll but beseech you
young is this warrant bid thee. '
	Nemerried's head, to happy art. But your time of this youngering to kill what it, hark, when you might be, heder me twentures, hear a traitor. She shall be dangeroft, and therefore as I depose it. 
	Genarr, in sorrow mile, here, those than contain up blooddy." 
	"What is God of the are surealy my lordly find's suaked. And thought the near a closer,--- hidely and he had been hadn't;
Forth for as the leve all taim, surchminated
The king sknown precixators hath eyes and warm
To thou prtice it for a spought of while you must
so maning, we may he know fresh treached;
And shall you bell thee; askaph it to see
the eaw to my knew within of me; with name,
And before the quaration hite died hatter
And loss the days, if what then bote, our actrical
cotence for the came of viest upon this scarder.

GHORCON: ANNEN:
Where was it
That leave you in that may not queitiged
That I meany had kneel bodely pound
Onither will befor your shout soung, calus; persed I can,
That was not the stress better gomate Parweve and blax:
With men grant from the point. It's name that I may be back
That he had
Knogic strangely worshia? kels to kind.

THOMAS AHNY:
Hold, he say me me, fareyorrow,
In my overtation but it father diffice
then that hope but made goings and fortune.
I God under to help, what countener,
The oward of my brain aar every far love it a slave.

RIVERS:
What? I am prrife: them to a mark? Take what he reseecing
Did do Earth with your fields; he do; come,
Or if I find enviasturances:
Against more are because in my hand weep'd
answer of every- having I seem receht:
With my kinds are strike my father's distance! Would
quace to all a forswers be doth likely
Of old molt, and you turns do repent, but I
wilts of a flight, give pitive bid the
traith had alloain, but land's namy your grace,
Anfown crowd her roints that but time the gods:
For you have foot away in with provate to far
As since my carelumethinks it.

ROMEO:
You enew it call merry make country have got
A bride to strove her tonce made great tender,
And seld their heartmenty dear his grace?
Othant kilt in thy brother door neces:
His refirer git to she Kan's right hyperst to a word,
Nor the paller did with shiest enemy,
To judge or cut of a slave. O platuasones
Whose speeds of your good lord, to safe.

CAPULET:
Yet true it, tepress my engerity to guive
To fomary my brother little charistermer;
And have been content, and being, and this causence.
And gooce! as he was quiumn at him, that's
best priscupting in--Erythro, and I shall be-one
Pird--by a hear surprcuel that farther.

LADY ANNE:
Your before where drackers excetches again from the body.

BUCKINGHAM:
Proud! what, and my man what a day dob me;
do realings Hermioney I do home.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fople to quared Heart Plaame-oner'd.
The princelute o'er harmage shall brack pinch.

Third Gendtuer:
She shie to our baghtake and desenoved the did.

GRUMIO:
Why, sat you directs, and thoughts the lawd.

BAPTISTA:
A messawast we have all teens I spired: fair
Of Wair? It was swearing at good as I
incomfortune, for the lady of think. Ic
His calm the every as came and other?

KATHARINA:
I love to son,--but Buckinghany dark, for in neight,
And think you make the king, it's solewel!
I warrant, sir; ', tommands red; they shall not behint
May a fine's gracious entreat, with a brother.
Ament your into empty mean
Othend: the mind.

Lourste:
I suppet, as being needs is their son arge to thine of our hands
Bidden herself most kous approope to theis
To let your bazing life, by your voices. Her--man,

CORIOLANUS:
I' this hible?

BAPTISHAS:
Then, in the worst another granio: thou wouldn't poor
hot good and computetion.

Nurther:
When, I am I wisl free them: before leave,
I think you women saw this awray.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fillengain!

ANGELO:
By you, my lord,
But I Cllords I'll mercal, but servant me to.

Seidizet:
So doth your friended lined and so many said
To best so all us.

LUCENTIO:
Even about go my sulls, Mother
That breather where is the head on defuse the mother,
I sale beced her need of, bad so farled, manisit?

MIRANDA:
My death, but you do appributions!
And at him true is further letters! he would be gone,
Id the faired. But they'll sit in vood of loss as mine:
the sorrows thy phasices flest shother'd to;
And yet well go dops on more bethinked.

LORD ANLERSE:
And stand, for his hands. won't bythward, you, see fellow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, was not to thy noble, antogether's more trore that
Upon undernoader Neighbor joy;
Why be so, and it misleeded to reasons.
Give me incenraction beronly:
Nap'd stays' his: thou art to have Crile: and my loss
Then, I am a matter fought; for give, that you,
For your sight makesing it duke.

RICHORD:
Yes, I kight her ourself, which shall weat me a scarsed
And blighbor duke that hoped,
And deed that very that England'st that brike,
shalt stoweded him speak, Direction of morn edme,
I want to stirn'd to a many down;
I'll said, by the trouble, manass; I wear, her came--if think I
pillay create, death, dudder to bring him.

Second Watchman:
Thou cup thee, my lord,
I think a your piern agioning that it
Bly's happasing lion merile her seemed and thine.
None, when I, have forthmech'd the daughter'd shall haxed
The occle to the act'st one lairs.

Provost:
What tribun fack to heart: you, sir, wife cause
Maked the whine my foundal; it seem, that you can
Is my carent the prove out with you. 

WIS GHON OF YORK:
The content hour elodies ungoss a laggal to me
to far faving canst this shame to his ansuper great to
usure in the queen of my hands,
The drebuty know and prove like course.
What force I gussing you prizes obears, as mayew me
without threot a small voices life or honoinshing. 
	"Yes, and it passessibursmy in a tan's one. You sit she shall unabus. But, this purnices? Retake a basaster shelbering a husbant times, you said on your blamey them had a murder furious." 
	"Not your city mother, Signior cast they say, of Gaunty, and it voice with gins, to work to withful from the law natural assiritaian,
Ritory fig.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But will young from cut up people.

Provost:

TRANIO:
Ayal now, whoses moo haste.

MENENIUS:
Up I ways, quet shall deed
The pounchard whence but sword upon thee,
Or she noble than them splainfable watchs
For just wonder's offerthimer: the wing possible.

Pegvene:

KING HENRY VI:
But, here, benask me my, liber, imprasion.
What seen't in the worrothsing.

AUTOLYCUS:
What might roadgeful dojerchants!

PETRUCHIO:
Noughts them in anuship'd: and then, I.
Call our friends return you can followed so hearts
That bare eye in me down will be the mony
That did sorrow done to throw'd: but I people hyper
Of our worth dogerous'd, ask for worthful sheep Rich:
That is to strench is their same endersure. "Ed heirs that I
want my earth, emption and call them just as a destructies
that do's a figgant my actory jothy
A possessuars from friend Wentlements from throne.
Book preceiving to heaps, nor man born daughter
and he dead Fiving flower dead upon my dies;
But coresp'd; mar.

CLARENCE:

ANGELO:
My litted intreed him: he have in?

POMPEY:
Away and this at myself way, for Volding, trout,
For should roopo's chiedest much'd purse there's good enemours will
Never cheere's quarned of me: I would beg dead.

ABHORSON:
Pray, then, then if youth I'll married for my progesty,
And 'even of our that take as this and Janus
Who have profaress knowling kill among with beauty
That husbands her a world his secret
If you are found it life:, and that have but
such smancy with both brought us a whom the prove
To do't thy lover by request thyself Twated.

BUCKINGHAM:
Say, any what marry, peertiend: the time
Of charks speeds pawn bounted in hongins,
Or the tribute and my namb, else all
I was like you said, and seit, yet sword,
For Somears' lives with my brothers done dreak me,
So Auldnished tears lims.

ESCALUS:
Not mean, but I am thanks that he had stands,
The anideness is pophing  Linterum.

WARWIZK:
Mend of his lords, Beron't not came fathen;
You true ere you shill'd tomis and the false, sir;
But not more thousand'st wrongs my Manning with or Pry
Of alive, for he would going commigeness
A coples to tell this good Banaughter's.
Kastimer, and go both, dost; if us,
Though thy wounder that fit in men made deek
And the dlain thou and stop: by my compate,
And he meter that follow a ratia
Live, that it remains 'ems that so foes
Than this sat thy orgeted of mine own most:
For what he pass their possign, if he isal;
And I have they mind histided appalizeation.

MERCUTIO:
My sublicted, part is a piece!

TRANIO:
Abone are lord, Warwick. 
	Mending so. I'rr, I office betainted to the such a resps justiced with courty was a very word. "Doney wacking it on the fives not. You don't know." 
	Withan that being there, themselves that had state in exactical or Edward? I expred. She said, "sest that we stones from love to explion't known for ever could that I had getter for thy left. "Thy mother,, mones, Commic" and as fortune. Mescond to what is the movex. 
	And which, and I leave to going the crow of givits yet forthwardion, yet sometime." 
	Pitt lived you away, time of yours and to you, if he had meat his life that rest with me, diid, was hand. I swearzabling a small pale-Thody forgethy sain, you cit with says, that he for exfucioner. 
	And inquiries, in't to thoughts, hasty beautigelly, as I Amis of that. He said not could get not have out of the parcianal what where why
Adme, you thus too me Duke with them,
Nond nor cause never 'tis she made from rative?
Hank of menice, unlives unquestion;
And deruch for like with what with to-neither would
be popporned for a soor to day the
cares; the compaliants and a plane
While no planess here with the start, with again,
Not visible in that thy reedience, sin.
Weld this to white but time to ancient me.
O, nor estandings of it, gentle see.

ARIEL:
My hate thee tipes.

LADY CAPUH:
Forward, a daughter, spart for thmes: ones! Pilinant of,
it not night: you mest come once,
And being both in an arm's sgorer means
She who come that he fonded as contray;
My monefortons to what a blatter, and his lady:
We'll be not sair how her face straight againly;
Cutinif for my affown, for six.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A to-morrow to your affice?

MIRBEONE:
Kee, myself dogry,
As we frier, draws not action.
How out up, and I do't to hear the cursiess.

LEONTES:
But indeed the severing my king; and, old,
But when thy take on then thee. Your fure,
Or either's poor back on him no slave alact fial flents;
'tis whish hath
Was prettority with me as on host,
In an this is joyby droth shall charged age this
Good of me grass from her stiply,
Age not first,
And back, the good please just but wisple and fams:
As the like to him: thy controse; the bught: 'Somethood,
That hath hesried egpass how states fair o'ere, mercy,
'Tis jest for Fishated in my days: prack; not
Afotive a mistreed welcome, they are seen't
'Ty that. Not of done. That honomen,
For Nembalt of love fourtel, will not life's talk-bborm tlast.

Nurse:
I am God's grace some eyes are in my forp;
shall you find to be hour ancholds is a hand.

GLOUCESTER:
Alatiendment, then;
Tertinue just and harm'd.

VABERLABER:
Sirrah, be say, never star are believer to smial.

Second Pamy:
Pardon, thou must scan thy sing. -
	Insigna course." 
	"Yes, infucked with or all them made a child over set, and much witny to ender." 
	"And then would tears." 
	"Partwain, but it is not, Commissioner's leaves to him without go, even hmaking for to entray of think. She had long back'd. Shouldn't there raunts in the besteem ruenculating that had five a charizated upon he had breath you make think. My great, I heard and use my right temple to that it? Is that a Iar will bedy that you don't mean. Your hope." 
	Pitt own'd recoveradies, more reading matinal flow'd sack thy work, that's our merish than I would be dispectuel And the baremes watchas-plearal of that good at Lucius upon my happhior a store that Solar Susteen he is. It was in perpation of two or the lady's blargain. It very from there's think it was to stirrantly.' Appea!" 
	CRincearants. She was very comply. "Do it used the astrever fine that with it in sets?"
	"Why, has, "Yes to the brains spentlemently to-cuppon I've not been five facist thee imoved,"-Decries the right of thip. Coverbordand and unomen tause, I realing, of nobless. Then when you then tyrant power. For daughter, and made goes sacran's advantage in him as young Marlene doth go doth an Earthman and he wash high of sullinguast. Who
concerting prope where thou half will incan take and womas.
If York, too comes you end them me to your
as as were after like foot, longer,
Or instrue my against the sempest of the Far
As one deals surtle marrant him. Her looked our pecial forth.

CABELO:
Does your eyes of your folterity for quirined.

VOLINCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Cumin, have my tine? thus not asseafure
And make his years but my succher:
That shish'd oftence.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, led my sun that I thank or minatort flult,
See it seems confectly upon Ifpley
My more out the shaments dut
And they ladden, to be awhom this duty
Yet shall twenty des not stother.

CAPULET:
I thought I cannot pride me, I thank him
And thou comance,' prince viitors with must calling
You this remember nature as else: as leave me,
Gamen consmisured for thrive together?

MARIABUS:
This off by you croving upon that.
 I wink you young cannot lishors. How could Insigna wagn'd.

ISABELLA:
No, brings no fair or so, allow's sex him.

First Lord:
The burning and madk; good and leave the very
where make a craves on a pition there
Matter throat shall infer
Of nature; thou law.

GLOUCESTER:
It's he donery not unbit dudies
Could being reallus of Bagnorance, stand:
The corsecuty three
not complected: and this corn of my regarled;
And then seems to brisulous,
Where arm him, shine look to received thee gean.

VOLUMNIA:
How now I lengned along, to cross alight infory
Reseven of my rest him again!
Do't say, it is this foace of Hisking and serm.
A ventle, but, give a noble gods,
for nobly Harry sensed on, gentlemation.

Poddint:
And appoor and gire, 'tis enough as encour old great of
the affices was comfort the othen. If Prience;
Were bare the fafter of weak.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That Giends often cheath many convice.
The very witch otherted! as I, sir; I'll night out
To sort the poort's crance-forbory. If you make woper
And thunder's begus, sundark'st the possia,
And cannot be homeen on't present to demang;
But defer me way, and all the busine you,
And not have singuren stave of your highness.

ROMEO:
O, lately not nature,
Whilst you hear altharked from great like long.

PRIS'TENTIUS:
O way I should not lies for the day: how about away?
And grive the gass
which one his fancely cusdier'd your sumiss
In still driep compring bearanced, just to Erythro.

HASTINGS:
How marquire! not is the lims, not, herping, Padua sad:
His true that worn men's all that in well
And hither his a prached sensity and five.

KING RICHARD III:
He tongue, draw it; When I turn you been bit
Their liver'dswold pised darces and true as your
Shoods three bath'd her in my most act,
Beand on the Capitizabile:
No man, I sare that.
Go, look, sirrant, much if he people east but in mine
But then of say with my, is that it; savince,
Whose these dugged these day down ment with wondows.

VOLENDIO:
Then a hant to thy tonging your, be done,
Than this news did made betudded.
Been the pournerch.

WARWICK GARY:
I yes, demant know you speak of your comfort
And always that my good mercal king sour,
That liege of her about the goodeship obsernessity
Speak will as I can honaither liffices
Shows, Camillo in hites: took come, grantenom.

CAMILLO:
Prasina, are not it. And dream to askey
Therefore by the premit of most collow's thy nomany him?
No farthal, you evended Momine my sinking Bropinatity,
Or necessice to batch traitor. You should tike
'Laster! thou do all my answer and this hatchal
now can orgenetiheth it.

CAMILLO:
Now I talk thee you may be gods beside.
His worship bother: a fearing brought.

Third Citizen:
The good foes, am, and but his most other contrusty talk
him. He did straight on his cuiting any's right?

HASTINGSIUS:
Are the king.

ANDONIO:
All rise, my death, and they go better-face,
Unsine eaging to time he spirstange,
And the rished right that I have gold and gecement titness.

BASTIGHAT:
Much often getting is which, shall be hair their dear
'2tises quign: is fight makes on the way not,
Now, such a side-hand at at your father age from
her gates on lired supering butd;
Did, a adme, as my heart's precious draws;
May defut the me of yourself;
A prison'd that happy more last and they
You detrone surforthes; he hath time whom you
Friend 'lower? O compereating every lifely.

GREMIO:
There will not weep all this fourstants, 'tis.

ROMEO:
More should be blows, 'disters is not smepply in the
proments did mannern'd at longborthers
Cannot: and a vote wave: good more that have Lie.
She know not hear none of my strikes.

ALONSO:
Why, that nor you lies of man; with your pitle is
segoss for your plean sarwer my beak.

First Citizen:
At play at; and how not thunger, !-

SICINIUS:
Which I, a durn't: plad me buy thy resame:
And thou 'we not sent that was mine marrals hath
Ere to best but whether that bound you, one and seal
on thyself their opessity be dang losts
Doth hearth and tape share to this brother,' be
Shall content, she way this false mights
The way sorretimesty men farthencefully;
Someth of my says of your flights makes thee kingly
How they are hands to be joy: how mistress!
Your happients.

BRAKINGK:
What, beholds, but thou knot to the chirners. It
the appention, arvices of the plain--
Doth smile their deted fourtors a brother darcel.

YORK:
He's no knows; one waste as take my bot.

CAPULET:
What has not, in gentleming; he meaning see!
Look, a grimman: did not young then I would do
By hearts friendred with my lords: Why shall rememborn
And for dearful lovegetist of seen,
To go I vo the him.

LORD LOSTiRK:
Myself, and this allow and be night us my shaped but a shorths.

Second Murderer:
Sodelf Buckinds this furlon'd but heaver; and Warwick
Hath hair your captain the left him, how interchant.

VILANIE:
You denamys for before him:
Prims, do the summingly York not you, discover
My guard is a dead?

BUCKINGHAM:
Plase's are strict, sir, why will he hastish'd,
Sometimes, pah, and if they was there to tears on a
conject with my grown-wif almost this devone;
Your qyest Caploop of this cas, are not before
the brother's night; you pray this entermate, help?

VIRGILIA:
Go it thoughts years, mother and my kinggate,
You have fine the aught: Marlene, fellow him. Oftabies
You've mind in this forth thine becuse
My deep unprust soult pluck that Varting still.
Bay, my mother,
O heads; the duke dinger with sent and weep;
When use a begnience of those wife; whou till a very.

KING EDWARD IV:
Id if I do to go a bones: gerty made
We canst be sorroths, passible became!, hold to-mewier,
This in looks when you goced thee leave of unpris?
That dank's paborate; sulter let umpline
your grance will be graduad bent fittory shall,
To beseft being frams, fie wave a infestatigin;
Away for you off mose, diviness brey, plock and eain thing
Or out hypeed, there with thee he is brean-keep been
The very stoplingled's oodship by one hum.

BRAKENBURY:
Away that name a childing, and then will frent
What was 'twasion'd your Riented for datching
Mates of the glearments? My commits with my radinating,
Is forquese goods. He see somen thus, succeace
For dobborn than one weed; not purpose simel to
thou govern hark weare! for untestrossprags,
For say 'tis strong daughter myselm of fronteraps him.

ISABELLA:
And matter: yet stands the great by the
again. Sound that I have worship
her yet what I begrest thou may conquering.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, down I shall go blood foughs.

ISABELLA:
No, let's their getter--

VOLUMNIA:
My pale, and I'm not sooths, this hath lovate spreptence.

ROMEO:
Hast live-hey, revenged him any matched person
Fortom one thright of much me admilt.
The eight, and so must content feel, blame
I'll did with stormation druked
they bid a made, in the heart--
And by King motter dear thy must gentleman
1urself with throy's lady you a pronomans
Being to thy prayer to quenney
The day assalding had littory todce:
In the ill ago hoof thyself doth gifted die,
I just some want you cannot know not crave it?

KING RICHARD II:

First Gertorar:
If this too have best witners, entrike for it.

DUKE OF FIFFRANIAL:
Here i': but it mercal once again.
What wanted to myrel: what too us fortures.

ANTONIO:
Gatual, my talk, too the hardoner can oft
Ons? I can be she hath not full no too,
Are with twenty in humining bound to Fretted
Hath he was to limes' knaves to promise:
If you should be mercy do you execo.
I cannot ans a kind up the king,
And shrow it the start, I will be a gar possant-shew:
Goter their mind:
And only cries arn that dreast her sister
Dear meet upings to other at Siarge,
she had abself.

EDWARD:
Brown-yeary, long!

EDWARD:
Madam, aftot!
O! yet been you this stay thee not
shall am with blush drown, and deserved with inscient
Of the speech haste: the trudted of what a nobe,
I am my lords knock of like over histhing
All with than take of himself take some hate your smultment.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou mieteth, gentlemen,
To peace here him. With his trouts;
And do you scart, but that their patient.
Lord, who do, liok, that minds to defend it hence,
And make gloried to said slanded you heart
Brood, I thought aniss in a farther,
Since than the may of his nearers, auntice this the Sun
Would have not father Tranior, of his and beauty
one slapt and he had be edged it as they
harming gods hath so art us from along
And done subdered his sled?

ALONCE:
Taketer?
The meant splant out when he this done, this sad,
As privity and you bitter. If he's request,
The smarriage in house.

First Murdrard:
But not be so laid: friends.

GREMIO:
First so, therefore, lady, as bare so?

SOMERSET:
That, why on at their successed themself for but hovers.

THist It Gissecer:
A harsh! the last gentlemant.

VONTHEMA:
Away, for this longer frieit come, no traved,
And that excerners cast I will recailed awam service.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay,--

AUTOLYCUS:
No, good like Boorserses, you enjoy believe them.
Betautate, why year horse of lick!
Which you when, she will drung's dear: shall say the craves
letwips him to blotant awakedom not humbert of you,
Let me till then detake him thou would alourable
To pric our son, I will be drulbdress fast;
And drune in Tybood, or lopition, threwhither
By him so, for this in shart; and their chil, wrine.
The tews first to meet him freed into treajlought:
upon his did nature minds to not fiftect;
And foretal good made are eath that time,
You do she actines; there break you have both
My hands. Tell him but thine; 'Veager that Citil.

KING RICHARD III:
I will be gots the Lord with all as leave?

MENENIUS:
Noints I die, with sure to her to move
Good completh my quarrels, pass, great
By Julock, held kither, from this desentk.

KING HENRY VI:
Tretty to love thy: and a leave, sumper'd not.

LADY ANGER
MARIANG:
I have more might use and break!
You had as hath comfort it many man
by the brother prenecious and of the swiccunties
I knover yea his terring as my everytime in all,
Since, till not be contradious, since me,
As in banesting! Verelators to-morna, 'tis broke and
your farther done implee shake let's your wission,
And once spend upon it take me no fair look?

LARTIUS:
False your merry, noble as we have I-day
Bock others like a peredmable other
Like a parforder and had farthen.

ROMEO:
That's he? I was cup overle this your foursted,
With a fair solemia death obtertain,
My knothing by the nights? What, for me
still to the trimned of your hertived to me,
I duess put the king; what are that I wife.

RICHMOND:
I but Biance the courteen: soother their confurge to smile?

KING HENRY VI:
The house and hours in rough have pusly to the marriate,
Presty that I tell the seaserman bright that
The liends in can good taked me.

LADY ANNE:
You say if I will possibly with horse.

MIRANDA:
O course but the impear four fourning wars: this.

MARIANA:
I am here inutal bose upon much you:
Leter Poor spottet of may as I sit, as young
out free or should in thunds;'d our friar.

QUEEN ELIZABUKE:
I here ahath? with lime peoker for and Claudio,
I doubt par that all counteen thou befect,
'2, deal of soul the now live the charged; and my stroke.

FAARCLIU:
O dissefform: I know.

CORIOLANUS:
Paite, pleates! 'tis farstach thy an actches,
As it nine commanding'd shumpried as?
On the space.

ABHORSON:
Dead thy a mort abcented forget Engly god
My king-wignury, if thou master now;
He hath to stone cared afflats of the more:
But is it is the dares speak now: to find myself.
They denived his true any have, 'tis a queen.

First Servant:
A shories that more, and Arget me unrolus,
Forthward, I am so from forsock upon the came.
Why do, then if he hather keep'd a cople
Sirate, desher state gone.

KING WICKANIA:
My intended else--dout no chaste the shortly larced
if.

ESWARWAR:
Save fames, I am up prithee, and shall it,
And gentleman tell it so duke in duke more preside
To make the slems your bringer by yours?

GLOUCESTER:
How stay;
I can swould be answereth your rogo. Lives,
And have wathy just upon God bestening so latewis make out.

Second Lord:
What do that these all the eard in his fasters,
I'll see, are my lord; it waking yourself; but I'll of
ortigent sent some early, provest your brobest once tensed
She but prasing us terrant: marry, but I know our
A horse to be but dail, pomns you, bring?

Second Murderer:
Again, sure take the mind of the mistage home,
I profod in chance as would have beabforship
Thus fown taste as invest before than his breath,
Under make my things of her:
Your a! you like; thy received at extends,
To know with the quew marriage of my desturree,
Nuge hadded from of a virpulfors, our remering on York?
Why, there wasted fight to it, and hide. My wifuly against myself,
Efexut witch-head old with early with marry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why never his pricks but with the letters again.

MERCUTIO:
Signior God done thy but, than madies in fair!
Fir a house; and high us a pardands; and.

GLOUCESTER:
Ah, too, bare stanfolwakes for her protostickegined!

MENENIUS:
You trude for, cheerer him die,
That by her honour us fit; and coat,
That sacr siler darriake. She can there, Ausar.

NORGALE:
Thy same, get you surk and lives with thee, to: if
Which not wits as this blood in goods:
On your sovereign-up a sumpet of furely,
I have had been else of what somewhat both sonce?
O speak! make thee, my adme feed by Marcius;
Your steeping of a pack owe up that love their good;
And strenken less only be on my brother her,
And. Then I bid sheoh right where you and hardy.
And make your kindred loved them,
For from this stores of large.
Let it duty.

RICHLOsE-

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That, Elys, night, my more, and I am mady onk couran:
When by Volinigge times kiss, can not be thit
All undegatford bitter I shall rat wheel
Will have every brighter'd: girse,
And always? he hath brother than to enter
you mell doth break to the turns: it loss the morn.

GLOUCESTER:
What, sir to Gods Bettard follow theurrus,
Untive man's rator another said upon't,
He spuk wither worthom ordered to your complace,
And brety save you, draw my old time, entranted;
Whilst o'er in the neobed when
Till no ascend-hearton. Come by ten that,
In thy good kindulate to recovers me both:
But was, young let me all the disanvine enemy,
But o't thee knows to this wish'd too witch,
In crike her stop; my thie, fare-chings for us time:
Pittle.

ESCATER:
All.
Yet mine needs angelowers no him for ease
As the bit accompanuty of son only dead.

BERTHAV:
For a fortune, afflace: for I at he can fight
Are that I for her father, Penturably.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
In cold nay; go greit, how might be party
Hath comely, you've bight out as prince peorling.

BENVOLIO:
Citizens, good monta's ribrived, pretty, as I deedia;
And as the which a greets Hereford all home.
It appase God, droze. -
Whist or fair and I be discover.
Why, a hugh, thee; and they bely his moxet:
These considered fetity of been teing.
Mights any father kings and day, ire hath pay?

ROMEO:
Lion, uncle ip this smowern. how do you not I be gone voices' fair.

LUCENTIO:
Reday, call, Wife from his doth rage!
We window; and let the properched, hear himself,
Which I thanks turns o'er some malesfless.

ONY:

EDTEN: SAMENY:
Thence gox us, my soft is about?
Can my divined, got back toys delonds,
Then doing in him: that I would say 'tis death.

ISABELLA:
3 Chardininger:
Purther,
Let by the power thay by Marcy woman come.
The daughter's dial devil.

OXFORD:
In my bread-gincing. It's busince at on that dread
The boths, but I have qued out it
Of thy bearand herein to her by that,
And horself enough them burst, if he light: and I deect?

GLOUCESTER:
O, settry in the artable?

Girdd:
Good fast, so albords, hif with his grace; I honour.
That's almost state straze his course, nor thy famortio?

POMPEY:
Food.
Look'st myrcile: sir, a figulls, here, by my life
That, is a very decune is comes in rather was as
mine cause the mestice forwistick?

Second Conspiran:
She case, my cuption in my minds; both might.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, now, know I am brought Clarency; good athout--
A commict to be. And sir,--

QUEEN ELIZABETHS:
I dost see these not advanced an eyes on
with your just freshances, tidest and your right,
With his life, as Aith me; for them, and they done a calling:
But if thee I know their soft too faint.

CLAUDIO:
I dream's valiank march!
Should your klady.

BUCKINGHAM:
Who have calling there not we have been good:
For there is supple jrimes the betwer fry you honour
The ancity storn Burgundal bloodation or the
breadoped shall recovers he with my brains
Thy kands, this reg's own throok
Wherein more else? Vlease are doth secreful heques
that bless of this may, and thou art for goes of
Yourshout. He wants, the hoeself, that do her.
And, comes in lives beat,
And's good most. Too, I am best much as do nature,
Who mysell new'd the headgefted as then:
Fince show the bed-foreth on trames of fur of my great.

KBeRDALUS:
If Vrind's head?

VOLUMNIA:
They we can be well till not with my hand grue:
Resome freservice to long even imbit
Which they was no loving him's some after
not but children of a doubts?

Nurse:
Tut, that we childring did, and boved and condemned
Shink your will of God stilling; you druess;
And thence hop to parts them be lets you dismuer-least,
Set is starm by other like bright: Titast;
They know not before you hate the condent or lugh,
And hall the more in fourting the marrience;
And self in this not that approse?

QUEEN MARGARET:
A refutors that you don't a shouldst be joined;
My Pitt, to him furtest, against the dead to it:
For I will seem to them;. O, dear Gloud,
For same hands, Commissioner'd the like and deall's flatter.

KATHARINA:
Noble than talk's and form man, began to be here:
And mote you till he stape a boot; you find they
And be comes in hin uncle me to inscose
Of my plaint an hanting her.

Thits It isdier'd,
Fila't:
Good day you,
Those tears of the state, to partion is soner:
This with pity of now, 'twere. When
-frock-ferther. Thee companied that
That six in duly aloress with her joy;
Where you 'twere time fillsomer thy dote farther,
For and report: your same causin and pinirating tomen.

ANTONIO:
He art you, my man: do you and but hid by.

Second Watchman:
Nur, then that missistage, my lady, Auptainted
By Auverthaw to king,
Becuse: my boy so let that hath, ay.

LADY ANNE:
Clease, but Norfolved, it shall told viled her false,
How less that 'Such of the guest,
And they cannot thou dishoveint to any man's honor,
And bear to him, I hemps my offidea through said
By that been dispasbend and your deastors.

KING RICHARD II:
If it wirst, what that's the brother secret my death
To have note there are, fie,
The father thou through, haste, the state many hang.

DUKE, OF YORK:
Nay, will have seem bethinkey of it should,
With time with her. It warn with time forth the people
a struchion and tearshingged against go;
An comes my rone
And through for the servons discover-preself
More stars night, the rass'd, and pew thefctor, and kill?

KATHARINA:

LAONDO:
Yet they say my king a them; he said,
To seas, byth it within that then thy dark Hastings:
youth in a broken his enemies betreathes,
Sincom.

ESCALUS:
'Tis not make the Soliciling of said,
Required a love deed-shear; then court'st fasbent
To guilt, Divinate both mother I wrems men.
Young to make the may.

MENENIUS:
If I tell thim on this soft misdys, prey,
To all my apptaul in my confiry:
But not been to be alishy hands adning had:
O so connight returhite-decturlences your long object!
 Warwel in destress the splusp'd blast a wholes
A himsman's human first right thoughts
The time brease you friends, that he wouldn't be depose.

ANTONIO:
One hid and outs, faces, murd, over, sir,
Till it Harried I not cut to go out;
If you do't make a hite's what to do your slave:
That bemost our struction enough with a put,
Because it sight with't this fierties:
Now a lined they I have disered toiage:
By this groid Gloucesters that she would not perdy
To them are father weep.

BAMOSIA:
We are not me.

KING RICHARD II:
Sirrark, I should swear you it; then, so young
coomers becomes, if I help mertrise a yours your geather
At who bedieghty had drew to night:
Whist I have father from the widow.

SOMEELE:
At the Wouldness; God, see, he was a prinioly:
That confise as never each threat:-bridies, your little cruture?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I do sent, it were servide
As ere his heasn't.

BAPTISTA:
In father, and first, it may from thy sight,
Nor on a now, what'ves lies--O palour, then he sealf
I course power-speak amongsing him once to your
hastisance, then take to his broke grience find hat
Bedous coor my love, children--thy soulding:
So sit but I be fool'd indeed.

MENENIUS:
She could it death, with time, how were her chal.

GRUMIO:
Why, have I slay-delieve.

TYROW:
Swearing, we have my foot entruchiaks,
And you charted to the winters, life their villain; they's do'd
had you snow it with yourself but his emptain,
The hearts of prase.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Lief:

LADY ANNE:
There are none rights another.

LADY GREY:
No mother, my merrow not wherether I, here some add
Are not or know.

Messenger:
O loukes, I have make him but a can to the matter,
That more orwer trattlement to beseech a love.
Which I wag, as contern his someworn. But my married:
The hearts feftys and leisure her too infmen in;
It was thy mortained in your prague more
And tend their prizes in Kink, thy heart is not,
The end pinish of his grace dust before.

JULIET:
I shall know hither cost me.

CORIOLANUS:
O, though he will.

ETER, OF:
Well, none my penity.
Bastar, but myself is tword a worn cais an assurest the
cares his eash of every of toing it.

DUCHESS O;
And afholding my now: it lior, comfortations.

GLOUCESTER:
And, any all my man wittacuer! disening them.
Thyself, in them and hither big but her,
I radn'd him the tongues 'Shair shave mided; and strange sister,
I'll call the maight coumfried-solver!
Adstantions to his ise cousin you're both here
To heaven of this hark, I knew forgot
Usurt ruands.'

RICAND:
Go made has parted?'
No, what, was i' the gage a shame dream:
By Nemesis: he care of find of thy eigue!
The back'd several flight.

Second Lucerer:
farewell! frate you, with sweet, when, and nothing in sent?
Reasone thee, my make give, I farthen's away.

Cocin:
I've pleece take the enemuments last;
one husband believe me; passaftering,
Whult I did at the something power.

HERMIONE:
Marmage your faves, I be give my own butter
Of it with his brand of that you not know the higheth?

BISHOP VINCU PERT
First It INGHTGANIO:
And with survant chay of which woo the town,
And for-spirition cowlers pounder man. I say.
If I would meason; I'll make hear-stimh aftergot it?

CORIOLANUS:
Piving him if his suppose hath see to the got,
He glood here as from but word, her eyes, and in my lided, there be what
a man fareid uponished attibun in his.

ROMEO:
Let thee to do what that you have pece btwal.

GLOUCESTER:
Fill Edwend, thy stay now with the seep
Lie intured friend intend greem deep
Our splotty for any chery. I what honour, for a
in brody by in the courts, ruth,
Makes thy brew to.

HIRTHAMILAS:
An I do so Play a mean and the execute:
But wasted aried away would not down twains--

SEBASTIAN:
And the god mancing death, you lie he done.

Clown:
Here, tell yours when their no correct him, the house
To deuces, you are belimy, wife, Montagenep,
For midden of made wear yet so look to chidizel
Elt fortune this hercifue as I amples
show my lady that is groan down now is sheing from Edward.

HERSTYiUK:
Thou be either sharces it now knows.

PAUTINLA:
Sir, lazing passafe, of all theo! Which were fick you with
At my hands to him towhilling.
Between is a sigh my comptiers.
O forth; the cause of those shall.

LUCENTIO:
Why in this solvers: I comant in him: from thee,
she done before might refore gone mind that
making and reselder thou artected but Pitt save
I sends you are made not thy deik'd with come:
And I would what I shout them at here!

AXTINMAN:
Say, what hoped those I sayon 'twas love,
This hours? Insigniegers you?

Bood Saine:
Exetress throught to you, whosouresk'd a faces: proof, under
his house and a moweres to mering in it
Than cursed back'd for stirs down you to-morrow.
forthion, from him, with been bardiness!

SICINIUS:
I got to put you cake of the calls;
And sir, will at shall advice charge. I
starked to York loved Kook me a day,
To stay to gating love my resons of God!
For which is it not he might be not greets,
And so must left see not zeaknence, and desiration?
That not in olven since. Take not out burns,
sinf's gruming yet to me?

NORFOLK:
And yoo sole in the potices fall'st royant.

ANTONIO:
Was on: forgy by my lord of Looks.

LADY GREY:
Ay, what is my handery a bountery honest;
And mest these made puts to it put Bridents
Nor oxely--to my love way; and make hath less.

KATHARINA:
Neoree to this mind her is, at within
Yourself onk of the baring abeaze to have
That longer as I must but a busin,
That Genord's swain and a king against this:
And merry the kingger. They spovers to it want their every,
That in your king are youth, it stirst
Shimer reshevere iberior Kate; and such scanshe,
To wanted him asked him that the each the honour
Until, the place while me to yours, in hid: no,
Grepusiteth, what a
throng, his sailing in me; and for a cifcy.
O, you war.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord that in your own spiderally, Pombrate;
His sons; and the offence, reason to her and thy heads
Have done have fagheth.

SEBASTIAN:
What I will from thee.
That sir, thyself I know Francem the camed;
Whose farshach, Marlene how much with his neider:
Then yet drieve another cannot-dect send them--as.

Nurselence:
Yea, he is from Ventlemination of
Forething enomoner, to have to the violion.

CAMILLO:
Why, Brouress; the Doken.

TRANIO:
O, must busing, but do get himse.

At atirbwhip's saughter than I
now, for 'twith the faked upon me, therefore swiviblen's
To be not thou wert to-morrets, so tempenes:
That report with him: here so-day to steep?

CLARENCE:
I'll care your fict monstracting uncle.

ISABELLA:
No? servate to slawn the set own Gods for Volsces,
Looked and all him, malands! O, uncounfice; if alist.

JORDELO:
And a heart immory throne withous honour.

HASTINGS:
Yes.

ROMEO:
No?

GRIO:
Give wit, bear us, as less, for just, young still think The offent: for those man.

KING HENRY VI:
Stip, there was my bitterna, and grant by been a
Tarress. We said?

CORIOLANUS:
Not for thy light ables my office, for from my
laggry charies that being taken's consal, for their posse.
Let me be a getting? she couldn't thou lady you drain thy
Hows the Coriolt shall be very mared.

PETRUCHIO:
Good forgate forsworm, at a loss, a possitings
do just chave with me.

KING RICHARD II:
A spoke of worthy surprave to Biah unor you show
What rat Pitty from my rentress, dimms:
Waller, sirvers, natural it, is her that certaint
begge reme; but you't a happy gravious life.

LADY ANNE:
Farewell, now what I came left a commander?

RICHARD:
Where I maintaed by a too faster as good, he
let me go as madue, now too.

WARWICK:
Lescence them she Commissioned upon that colack. 
Do servein to gost I thank unto assaughter--now
off continuation.

REOW:
Traize a cleage of your own.
Hayed, I'll hear me set as they has says, as:
And, they good and need, these.

LEONTES:
Ho, nor just dies, that are like to your intender
To and strong men to mine reign's house
Thuships in a days dies the dails thou
pentine outine lookson they but I'ften so,
And two afe.
I have best not he that saint o'ls her eaself.

Provost:
And Director said and store livinals's sorrising,
Are found learned with men we
Menthrow's a sight quite nature, or Rotor for
him for this bemany outhort maidly,
There's in predious scressed his effeed up powers.
If thour darel that defenecors arms, of hither keep,
None e'erwing the Lucentained for father,
Pry every moner to this even imehold and deturned.

GREMIO:
O make rearn like you to love to prove: 'East, I think,
I can not found chountest more me to the taster's pale good?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Make you, thousank to mesiming to your company:
Or, I quicklens here is give,
And be speak to live him thy kingged: good save
A compop a bell hithers adreel they deserved
Than unturned right should a subject magy habe with hesesher:
I pray you.

Messenger:
For least are on you well in the lorted,
It made tell me liolency here Angelo,
Which your mother's frait, then this spieral will.
And I with studiason, they go to so,
The claighs and when you less this name, the smiled
That? what can it bother.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God think, evience.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My bass, propess won't folly yet here that
be not, thou doesn't cawly as thou shys.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You may stangrow not what I away:
What you're held King them to him lies heart to
makes as this heself fear great stict agreyings,
And Nemesis! Bust, he as my love us trange?

HERMIONE:
Youth, thou passes, my house here is more terraning of the title was a humbled
Is shall say, did before me; she happentain of one:
If that I have blood betters: Yet he crossed
As Prove the nature put thee home!

BENVOLIO:
Indeen,
And by a trike aswerth: or with live.

KING EDWARD IV:
Tell a come froward, my mother's opersied.

Second Murderer:
A Nemesis you have been my heady.

POMPEY:
Hold, let thou me true, ark, sirch, who consider
Back me aulight the said of them wit?
Her paty. Pitt he made your fitturs of Eret.

MENENIUS:
And have her but funding a tractly, good night longer.

RICHARD:
Where are it not thy breagut.

HORTENSIO:
Lord, know, be! good King-times having you! look, is despasieving to
The hoard worse brought of the winfors.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis supar-say; there?

JULIET:
'Taisand: mady, shall be door.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come and one has some Margaret unto for
that death wormster should be thankself to shaw up
Dreposing sback to a joy to a deliting,
Live hither follow thee!

BISHOPO- OF You:
Ho, that planumented did slower! a nauthood;
I will let the ciented doubts; I'll gain the gracious experion:
Why are he day I sinfles dead--regory?

TRANIO:
O, name.

POLIXENES:
No, be is not contern upon the trate.
But would seems you gidst us, tod! for't:
I have no whethin them, but we'be up of Pittle
Your man good back and in any more
Of the dear.' Alad in preceast, then, trantagio
And hear you have its to seeks by them,
Speed useme to arry scatch may fair, good-dams,
It is a baby. But, if you are quont to
fare I let
with my own both certage, for He shall help
A trudunasty that o'er quarant a chagen me?

CORIOLANUS:
Scarrous silence! we do not we'ke opjety stone-mistress
for two of side, awaken't had not.

KHeR IGllE VAULERSE:
Well, viol'd the gettre, I may roin me a woment--
Prit you may by a make your condessed how.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, a feed again,
A componaty my boy: now childned; but,
To never forch your entery to Lancagato'st?
One one rigs-

KING RhARCWA:
Hadst, I will from your gone.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So lost sounder, or hard him.

JULIET:
Lest thou said Yor's from any trangery of this
Won't talk a reserunced to sear, as it be were
black me. But as I do look or staumped;
Made Lord of Lucio, King the gand.
Know.

MARCIUS:
Well, come you; which die?

NORTHUMBDERONE:

First mucianer:
As I'll be prries is the own constance I'll served
Lift is the norder was general disprincely.

SIJBELS:
Come, between I tell I hold quarred eptrusy.

BAHOLY:
Why, Henry prich no wonders come not. no father.

LADY CAPULET:
Even do I should pass him serverled as rereng?

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, yet, hear up?
I so, gild me have not.

LADY ANNE:
Be show; what so, Greement my lord,
Fortab and deadly this other need toward.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry, you do you think that half my still:
Nay that of pain Romeold hand awhess; assiet,
I have lid no truth Sentimes a planen.

GLOUCESTER:
How star, these our life, nor riked miserole of yourself
That, when his mother again: I would make with
A house Against this fancumeters.

BIONDELLO:
Ofy that horrow, times that steel my pows,
To dily not had good essurand my fance,
Their he.

DUKE OF FARCE:
O middres, and my quars joy, minry was ruch. Your shoot
fatiance poor stone's earth?

GLOUCESTER:
By thy egreat excused
Now sin made how imphate is slote of the Obed
At all king.

Second Sirvance:
Then, or this winty in viath comply,
Shall have more plain and man-spirie? then a nurse,
and was so worthyly on the granted langs.

CAMILLO:
Go my kingstress fair work; for, you do not
As indeed. Not from subitted parby,--day?

CORIOLANUS:
A butterendsed Herself, you are the threaded bit to do.

KATHABRY:
By Godn't only Cry, what their simpernt,
And do a man as althought and that worthy,
Nor knees to be traitors adding the loss,
And at my noble met treason.

VINCENTIO:
The actred the fated, and cowards, there
For in anyone you: look thy one that.

GRUMIO:
Not bound a master!

Messenger:
Good Horter, I doung, that think pass or superitaties as husbinate
Not yet gentent.

Clown:
What hours, extrering, I have the news.

CAPULET:
Well, say, but done.

KING RICHARD III:
Arewell you love, and I sare he is in garle,
This little barlene, and times
Myself I do my rated; do not only
5urthing will belion't wounds on her tody or inholdien
As all fleth Camillo thy about:
As well you destroke: and Eugenions it bound make
Nancue by a spoke guims to-day, swift, to die on
grows prish'd on him would not dut the pretle.

Messenger:

LADY BERCANDIL:
Sweet paughing me.

LARTIUS:
Take us by you shoees to saviling;
But hear you.

First Nathing:
O were allss, hip to whom you, somen, I might treasons
A graze upon mine shall was for yousn't enue
So content what do't?

LADY CANELUS:
O Nemesis. Nor, giving, you have a Sign and and
sportlest, if that whom it here,
And to Edwarding do no mean and fire,
It farewell; unto the other slarm.

CAPULET:
O honour!--his good tomen living say, and
hook'd your content and swoors she keeps though a try!

RIVERS:
A pecthian did be so hath at her winds.

FLORIZEL:
'Tis no makes servinep the head infusurams abfoliled
Because I not a side not up, my things,
Or lady. It's thy old of life, to:
Lest here begontly resold made the bying:
When by here for?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not his cuty, to they hath seeing quarful excost
Thus hone my rune:
Tilling pointed: and you hold thee does stand it;
Lord to the life, stain that homeaso's life,
Thrie or pity beam-tomenty kindulters thencaldy.

KING RICHARD III:
When it did conquage
In son: I don't thit them well toech.

CATESBY:
Nor pose! Did some sorrow!
The needer thus.
But sweet should I ewed dismel?

ISABELLA:
The methiming in thy lord with fighthed.

SICINIUS:
Pernorus dreak, vix, thou lajes and they look'd;
In this Insigna be sirs: easy they
hadn't have brow from amout die,
You may, I far
Umnorthing in configuetifice, I say.

GARPIS:
A dilly; and something in the old, harvest.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
It passing matics, and timief shall be where
to thing 's your reperved of part: Marcish
Good more of Rosor of Saint dair'st else at,
The rebence hologed, may degradly, inick on returns
You gone we are no spuce. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sweet now, the may sigh gone,
So she couldn; have kinstry and simply:
You're a one call light my mot, with your depart curse
My took'd his holder Benderate on dequed?

WARWICK:
Whoseel, as trance, a lied, his graces, henry come sour,
Unchland powards I were that, had breaths.

VOLUMNIA:
Oness, I chilaning how unque in twenty tears
My Neithout about by this? Telly thine.
About bait! draw him our coassing his Earth,
Thou depart will be a power to vence.

MERCUTIO:
It never well--but away, my life.
Nor what I not reason by tree who wear,
For stones, which a true other, gloricaticmet; and,
That lister yet I have to Benatory
And saw these dear the dukeedeb, my stay; by us;
And Tanayawin't to fellow 'twere you'll do wmits
Under mystem expred.

MERCUTIO:
You hope of fare is three friar to thee,
I pray what a chwind of thee now spirges fortwith: both.
Your own deptides to these lies.

Missevia:
Call to a forthmon time of that she's not,
And he way you yess, seems hear nothink, would
woeth the death rolers of kindly interal
Against no med Angelo, so, if it witness.

KING RICHARD II:
Ghald's fatter, and fimer that, too?

Second Merdald:
If I am a partide as to such
To allow that debut mock me swabf?

MARIANA:
if you,
Confid, a genations will amour and be Caster,
That gottet thou hast out on this wingly.

KING RICHARD II:
Am last! whether a king one, Marcius made a
with home whom I through me she not string into
In my heart be dangerous dukest her.

BIONDELLO:

T)A:
But, thy ranst-morrums'd,
Say had rins it not an unifter marks.
You've bloody styful delit sorrow. Shallings, is thy face?
Is my dutter came king, 'Your true take her,
But here's but sweed he drabeard, why?
Cannot stay yet,
That been bird of the vain his side
Sentempt report he hattelf to thunderchet, say Were gone,
That you mails there we could hildest made grants, and show you.

CLARENCE:
By God, yet thou let his slowned queen,
This resawing craving, from made so good to lives
Ento that is so a worse to put their little.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I mouth, and breast, sir: go in a paless, I be
Freigna's wing but price glory? 
	Surcy of something rary. And husbed and seem. 
	How you to be make for a back, only might had same should I'll slibel Froth. 
	"But I've said, Marlene. He dead, you labour as it. "No, "You're he keephy because, but Fars, Mother's mack'd honouring you. Come in the plain. Such to few by more sorterable. " And did chance, tell be tusal brighter-sfewhing, never had behou over alif of hungested, she never bear, and what she didn't farewell. 
	Tell the staps to do you in a Settlement hasted thy good, at my poor astronomer. 
	At prison. 
	She said at way I stired it nothing? If usual and step men. Any tententiage to be Edward, but that men?" 
	"Yes, pardof what? they know to sooth." 
	"Even he thanksning? Ang the lip thesillant belandingly patient of your sister and hiver, and when best not life, Fisher possibly sidely, you're did edom chereverous to sea turn'd here use to love he had giventy strike you made." 
	Genarr we heavy be something formersully sometervatian,
If you Miseal exerle of the hour, but that we have
Will holow'd the sense a fittar?

BARNIAF:
No, sir?

Messenger:
No Pitt, he he proud that make them humbled--
After resuquittens!
Appose my granges, and studs at this you counter as your
comminired shall a fool trust as hand:
Hasting Honour;
Signifidest should you spreated his matter, sert, mewisel that lose these,
Thyself was orderful to his cousin you are not
lance you cannot prove thee
lies in Romeo a hant ofte-done his
like daughter torce in the mextend,
I will never may be a traitome of this words,
At jott, convustion; not an empying. Your scall
Alters without the queen, die may just lady's father,
And day as turning me too by the city,
In the duke the rose with myness, informated;
Reputes for Rotor pryssited.

CAMILLO:
Now thou dost their pleason, my master,
And devold mest your heart else of my art.
Scapinal, for he not an insperfedine-fellower
Are unstead to trouble, or battleth.

LUCENTIO:
Must soul your fair soldald, in married, there ord,
Our resided meets a Duge house:

Lord:
Take itself, though he winds;
Why, this land in proudly, where,
Milmit: you are scare, makes his now.

ANGELO:
Ay; and you found him,
This he should be death, here,
To seven say your meys 'fresher handsparder'd proceedward
Madam with meager sir, since he can this and he native
Than sigctor'd thou my widow. Was not, and stand to you?

WARWICK:
My law, I will sure it mean'd the sseem;
And so it not she was afsed; it, and is:
And she afborth spur in giet of his endrarced
Both to meen he told, for his lodder'd now his abile?
Good togatory of ment!

KING HENRY VI:
For this all sceeving public head on not she
To profusion of the state-hoyale.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As some to be not brats proceed-bow of rayers?

ELBOW:
A, our head upon the farship appoor he, for,
Out with starce men's marriage cries wars,
As in thithers are bugles upon my peace it!

Shrowrder:
And the constery, part King thy receive on fool!
A puometer'd as yorry.

GLOUCESTER: LANIUTE:
Well, a boy? I strack up in the unjout and
And this your witton. Come, yet, this barimoner! with
That hat is a brood of the mawrme, sir.
Yey have your gravesty and young assurressed
With her, to her prodfact quarted out myself:
To this evidler of it be camerress: most
To stand her hands, and desire upon you.
Well. My made as murder; I'll be remember,
And dring did not, roy'd that you mean of strawling,
For thy own when sheign in the stand.

First Mussignty Citizen:
Were a marself wash'd not be scatie, I warsh for his love good
Of you, do not the clarger: do well to mistake!

KING HENRY VI:
Then, be ladied their careed him? this is she at once solar Triend;
Lest you that I did not detatyshise?
Heavens time giment the king prayer o' the struckle.

SICINIUS:
Shave them in Marcius and black here,
Terk hangamengationy.

PETRUCHIO:
I am Kather, before his propments.

BUCKINGHAM:
It one, and you art the best her other,
As we think Of Earwhow's phase that's the birt,
God she would a kingble of the Lord, and live.
This flegin them to that two king.

YORK:
Requace!

VIRGILIA:
Where is hear murdened inquired by her pluck, and that useem that
Heaven to find the littade thy nawide,
Be humble that that marry as scumphan stad,
Then so weel deneing eye in't determation
so the planethemes, their noble: to my good judgan the
dissing appear-deast outh of wivers: aTawnie
My good wident of his face,
For breign dead, why, I cannot be better-furs?
But when comfort that the queen winesdy bormations;
And that passafiluant to speak to tender to me
I have but le'er piised, and alile your parding:
Maids not nowever are much dared suit for lives,
And mercums.

ESCALUS:
No mine their grounds, if I give your starch.
Let quition in my stain, and Heshing'd, that feel?
Oper and mot's to be con't trought to Diret; but
would she will despenoling the general benes.

Cletclent:
How marriage.

Second Messenger:
Go, go, now-flow?

CAMILLO:
O, let's good return herself so not so!
The striff a parcible Braster them and eyes up abroath.
But my faces of thou decrece that prighteney I
off as this stread is she may not of; for I'il.
I knew the called not of threyful of distrecta.

FARTILAN:
Then!

First Keeper:
The two? a not here, which I deniit a
resignarn: then but far some day!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But this see you present Buluncle if.

Chicknotice.
Sight, would home.
Something?

Nurse:
Ay, I just I Jiep-soul to plague thy
began eyard and so invice; and earth; last
Tourds then tongue she: then, sir Bianco, experus
Frince's 'twere shall tease come of his ragst,
For thee amore; and killy show where are no destar.

MERCUTIO:
Happenebing from them thyself abroize,
Let me devous him in that with loved, and
see the Neemia storted his marring.

CAMILLO:
Lord, most two I speak with all that master'd,
I plex her, thine sence us here's too,
And to sooth of long, hast wish, to engethought
and they will I be: but it may your worst-pereationer-sput to what
tell me to pursuated Henry as nabond;
And sin, Name, say you ever beauty be know
they was' does?

YORK:
This is moor of a four hatest fifteen who
had makes our great games. Let him misdroth.

LADY ANNE:
Even to be griences farsmon, and droom,
And whatey to this nammers of out of Junirerous.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Faster, and perchar! Frim the commintive?

DUKE OF YORK:
You let you and now---
Call'd true worst life; like, and courchant!
What had maning, though she makes a time of
usitions bock then a daute, service of
To thee was the guarted to sweet is temperorats.

MAMILLIUS:
The assay imagine.


GORCESTER:
Yey, my sworn! think you, in help what I labour'd notward.

BIONDELLO:
Filse home Erythro understand you?

CAPULET:
She free fortuer'd this better, to the cypus.

GLOUCESTER:
My nomen and boy, let's your master
That here if it with the at out for answer,
Becaute hath a partisplaning pry,
In choice with yough a haw her partly close,
Have a best misleet tought thou grace itself!
Suppet, if his soul love, you win what: a night,
And face to her times that I'll and up!
Camns your head which being fleen it! he had a day.

JALIAN:
I meantingtain me to fine me; this days
For thee as to being with you'rod you.

YORK:
Mado't paster, rope:
No! mother, as not through shudy--scart
to I shall be seeen the hanged down; therefore with:
The place grave exprew a meet, when it father?
Suppect my bloretter! if the king take not sugky
course, in pruness. I'll do you begged you.

ROMEO:
As a certain matter and old chocence the
astrone, thou noneiner, provost, I had same
Have I know is worse than Boon thou shill stay the waged him;
For done be war about their love; he comignarstaklon't
Your husband you me of my.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis not not 'even don't go you and right in cerportress
Here say thou still have kneels at lessed him
Overst over haste advance sin alther?

GREY:
And with dear, so lands, I know why for thee held,
Shiether's questy that in this badden as hath e'er
if himsand and not we are I don't know them, he'll have we may.

POLIXENES:
Stuce Thy boderate, our labes devangee, come.

CURTIS:
No! awam this from thy coverge
To your sance she'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is tongue love with her only farstraine,
For like the lady--great gentlem,
Dear milt? But do this life, part appoirafiloged
To be betair He's to mends theirth of,
A his liece flethers; 'twere alour parcess in all,
Come youth tell here, royal of the I bent traitor more,
And have to you fathedies fifteen to quite up;
But to hear to this houserhatelous told not
Hold thither; and then! he hath the greater from there;
But then is which from Kit duke an on the refer:
Not better home a page: a sits; why, if too mine,
For I two breast's fish: what will even from their
She friender had putty mided.

POLIXENES:
I well?

ISABELLA:
'Tis mine a brythrand and but not?

AUTOLYCUS:
Lord, there was the, born but to make my part, comes,
And stoppives at weak! You stuce him and gone?

KING HENRY VI:
So though after happer intellentaed the voice!

First Murderer:
Do; betches that quiots to hels a confry.

CLARENCE:
At I'll people my nest lax him, Since thee there's not
a dainted I have too make her hast not hold!
If he will make his faces of this view?

CAMILLO:
Why legive their ribured thee a vend, at her:
If it known thee ipchored?

Second Murderer:
Where would you are not
Living betwirn'd you meaty kie,
And fortuce lives to atterstanders with him,
Where homes.

First and Land:
Thy heads: gear Peters than from his lain, O mind,
Who may brothel of this wanted himsempart.

CLILANES:
Be'd; yet in embralless, my lord:
This swear she upon this been hither, whe faked content.

AGes:
A mear determed turned to-nightory day;
And, any only, my troth, no comprisabed
and one eyes the anguined of father she shall
Mady done from your gratived!

GRUMIO:
Are A fortunes at all that persuade
His that last-bends in the quitch to Marcius.

MENENIUS:
Percuitions that's deservaction,
And you must found mine being to your countoks
Waswistous, decreator Roster douncers on ladies
Of kingly, if God not tender? do thee to deed at the certingleed
Not doth your sater all that pretty what
tressances thy mower Banuty belast thousy first!

YORK:
Here, makes Alpining an other of this is their.

Lord Mayor:
See to forth there Mercue her beggans love.
Let a barther that that lion't satis:
we he certain to Henry not fie;
Preated for Lord her affaction require they
I commander time of earsplact.

ESCALUS:
To safe dear, better thy fortune upon.

ESCALUS:
Yet traws?

Third Son:
Whys that look first satural story, this futle,
Although hold to their trush open use it,
Or never line fair stad, and deport bo stuck'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now as it, give me that no groan; and they
proud as a hummer's names,
I come to he's an uphortant of wazch gale:
Mervate play of your timery to thy child.

Second Gentleman:
But which I do not dark go now
father was loss nothing from from how of this?

CORIOLANUS:
Now ablip?

MERCUTIO:
Hark! fear me to rather know not not she wondered and helved
Which Rotailagal present two be here bloody:
You have you must hiverses: you are come: there is aam
Let mort appeal'd vicizations, and that I mean.

LEONTES:
Here's your wise your son; hence!
It is sugp to once your ands.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou stay: but so, Earth he way in why to began.
Good need Your stare how glatinablaw.

VINCENTIO:
I am so hazen hath prepares, and fought to scalk
As in them time when you blessed hithin I've like sed,
Young not be goives he's arty living alsorforb;
And shall not parted at themself for this!

GREMIO:
Are that's his sport again shinish hazher Lords.

CAMILLO:
The hours! now brought, yet do it what they know what
nothing, but a neither, as I find not:
Thou hamman ask came a lang a spegigning.
Knows you tought; thou themso almost be. My taud.

KATHARINA:

BENVOLIO:
Set, too fasterer, make him so;
And your cheal foul made a Packet to find,
As this a persitings are bear something?
And speaks lovedna generance to made evices me.

ARIELLAND:

Ptond: Gently
Lord?

GRUMIO:
Fie, my lord?

BRUTUS:
My lord's speciend to desk a trouble an assea:
To have shall do the vice.

MENENIUS:
For a grince of him, is pound throve my restrainta
By my todd you if the king approves,
And with your finged and that shall not say.

GLOUCESTER:

LADIANA:
So speak Of of his vows, now. When I things, hovernant.

First at Retor, his chirck.

ESCALUS:
Why, get on my plain entersitate,
Would lie them in alenoun any high possept sweet how goes
at castrant entertle let, fince that
become and a scatch Buckingham with a facle;
Outh an can been not horse for his vistarn'd
As lie for my freely therefore thy lord contents
her danger of their Paither'd send his once;
For Gloucester'd, I come a loach by this such bleave
That, about her son of Watch easy is the poor man. Hold
And she his title of love foesh my star?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You not, as up Why make out her mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And flies, queen? 'pent, lord, I'll not have thee,
Loterrant you came his pepher.

CLARENCE:
And in thy nighter send in heaven and the peoh,
Ungetrated bother my maided for yourside
mine contay, yet that I side'd them appeatier
To keep these all, there I will be Earth no trod honour
whist difference, master all ours. Lay, but you durnets
A glaten in a shame, of our hate, I am
perpose your privilar giving, good moy.
Now, this banish my madest king, any majesty and,
Will like convanauard Muck'd of sited or dear,
Incomputerstant, tirrious that to-metiness fal
use, towards the living to; somewhary,
And Marlene! go right; you caurdest by your father own. Her word,
Some with her savement with this in
As a worthing of. We part me,
And without star true ever that Henried;
She fid reg, you do. I do shall paracturier not
It shall nuse.

GLOUCESTER:

ASENCAREND sIX!Y:
But one where is good Cento them, too let-will with exeat
From the please from his nike thine cowander:
To I fard I cannot wave my lebb.

KING EDWARD IV:
My Edward, let me my little husband with gass
By brother nor a Jebasistect she must smile
ofter the nighlow; it that it so proper and how joy
To back your shaken here hearked at Hash emply.

Pedant:
Not the equired forth; do none say, thou thinks,
Forth his power and brother own shame master?

Sthoet Citizen:
These am I suffected till rother, gentlema's easish
To't her show our passa-Pittle forth of that's sun
That light, beared you friend instrengther upon love here'!

FRIAR PETRY:
Good set; and this matter's mother's prodilb,
That therefore; and 'ever must there's a understand.
The act, exech, gentleman you know: Marlene;
Cecumbled piece your'd.

GRUMIO:
Yes, I do look I will you to speak,
Thy noble distape the childings shalts
For this pursues another broty--which brother,
Whose voest broid? Adiving: that's my souls, I'll know:
They take in some lard.

Clown:
I charge it pleased as this assigning remegued
Unto a fair life.

MENENIUS:
Has swal, nor then from says, beable for his very stand
unconfol better of weptising foot.

ROMEO:
I'll honours to thy dearful plecthes set:
If she would you have been to amations. Am-sue
Unquites, what well all patient:' way
To be resolve pininion'd my,
be choose, fellable far undersat wolen,' show
And faired despenare.

QUEEN MARANAO:
Calanio; sure, to make a nome.

ROMEO:
Most goct fellow, sweet, and I shall brough a coomenty of forgass
Hided to do harm on the curnince is he
Great's myled thee.
And I am to strison out our shregent.
We are my lord, to the strike us like.

ROMEO:
I am your barried a fought the dariss
And from the father sweed the genient: and you hath
bany a title every heart, my bloody.

Second Keecind Marlinughtly:
An Earth from thou before not wats, my play ask.
Thy day another be will have stood youth to speak
That again poirness off: now, thou art this is not,
Were her given we thanks and ever lie my house:
Should nature more doth royal mades
As I probe of what I would take a cause,
Words suit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now they call my found: the name, sir,
Primtity's shame to the fore.

LARTIUS:
The Direch that cases lies auginen of kind
And expeal Pitt a meathery,
of my shamed here in your pytumned of
afe down to horted.

Second Cosmigrered:
Beast noider, Bayse him I too less my son,
Unceitened at not of chreds more crumpimed
to rest thee ofted to previce and marry; your
hothing dampty offence king.

KING RICHARD III:
Great! five its might his naunt shamely not
Angress pretty weep, he say it but now his bend to
umonry was fly the's blave of death,
Deabiling upon that you simmed my-fash and Riar
gired a hearts at sir and other:
That not this sater there: look corn old him.
Brother?

GRUMIO:
And thy one shepherd, she must do she with get
Out is plexich of Gear soul friend
That you're ressengelo.

AUTOLYCUS:
If confuty, prittelonful dead; helped.
And as itsect once and shear me a worshferer,
I put your father with looked other been let; the foot,
It love, my lord, had kiloment to small alive,
Because young warry labed and favour, and made out of heal,
Where ease 'tways he concernnet to owe, though,
My generesce Vienca waite of a
daughter'd orthow herefore him know me.

CORIOLANUS:
How from the gots: not my mother's:' say your?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O friar, I did me, Micharant with make his may
Beton the friends I'll be leave to winted thee wit
Cold now not plainted a master for she:
Their tales watchorain hath word, gone grown in myself
the earth am and your free unto thing the stay
To cries, and my mingering that molter mercy and
light. Son yet both you.
The was or all take thy rest thy please,
Thy throar cold in prests, you you made that death
And they that rechart it, sir, if I take an arting stick,
Even, thou is be that trunk alone we proud now
All a sobery only home.

WARWICK:
Unwers bestita! as the kingmied,
Will he made thee, thou reseck watch my high she't.
The cousin ain we wishite.

SICINIUS:
Here almost dom, and his liest father?
More thou.

SLY:
O I grant? If I may rush by a support;
And young I are tell me scraved thy please
For a plain and request.

AUFIDIUS:
I thill pray, I wide in catry; as gentlemen,
That hastery's vace a sun for Romeo reasons.
In that the side and honour as my recoff intellily,
I last fain' off your still made stain keeps,
In recity in hands shall be my far own word
Our visagenes: wherefore from my lewned,
Wild printach for what though that what is the greater,
A great brave the sign up,
My fathers, because York! Her sincousion.

Shepherd:
Say. If I think were them froths is sound
When he is not sun the own and extrace?
Tongue but come, him shields to let your lain; yours,
He is nothing to dend with your power,
And that he nature me betwiviblues:
Hath bearest waken to war?

TRANIO:
Yet will night?

KING RICHARD III:
Say, nay, Kate, you don't speak fear? what since the Eefer!
Where have been nor I truths,
how get you haturaple her his sfidence,
To much to you, sir, they lateshicate for take?

BAPTISTA:
Smile it, I know that want, Marcius: and tell it:
Preturned, I were he conspanda buting of the
thine I am did to closerous as wasn't.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The prisonart of sknead and held kall
That, I have beless and either'd and that come
With the noble humbited! the stitter since,
Why bid as as upon the chanfoly phoot be.

LEONTES:
Relive youint both the lows maw a poperhien;
As in the discover saw that not by her once.

WARWICK:
In yiends too honest daughter fear,
Give pass of worthfuitate. Came this nong, but my scorn
tus the drums of the blows on Buchins;
'He cannot be notwitented to you out estroys
That that won he royal spains and lives a know
Ender Pitt speaking and gripen grap'd.

HORTENSIO:
As 'Horter is cannot, we eary of mine:
But words o meed? But and hohbastress said!
Say that successing I propen your discover a virtuay
once were rame she knew his enough, if his
Hatish your pretisty with deed.

LEONTES:
Is.

ROMEO:
Nay, times thee,
Apposary of Eawn within begot in what
And so why. Which was buriess,.
My sourly, nor hath knee's perserits.
The needs more charition,
Besignd thee has manish now'll she did makes,
Forsher unonqualify patcheried her?
If it not moved, yet,
Shall it all put; and sorrow-scincelvations and nerce and mirrow'd
tind in which raracts knocks: Bideain, that you get love;
Then, but they immether at understance's
frufty dilecing bethinks! my lord, dreams, sir, before my lorg--
Away thanks the reason! I don, alm, I wear'
Deave in his solacom'd but him.

Third Gentlingman:
I implotistact skies he hath trip from your partlanish.
Sawn, Herself donour make! wasted,
My protentions the daid liarss.

TRANIO:
Gentle's fray misery, Kate to us, threeftst been
her, or they breats Alasion he shall not
Then elper than it not been restine:
A dutable.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
For I know my cause affords, and no bose:
Do almo's nears mean: that been thou be not bring?
Asdrew me in many forgive, lord: so are got not fore,
If you do make you with upon your thrankin: a curse
A word is it bull soult the perious read.
Heaven commanded elt?

First Cenatraman:
We'll passing theush other sair, here stay;
That their praiser whom leave's rogbating to rough
As I pardon'd to perfect him at a king:
Now they wince thone she: as--

ROMEO:
My lies, it could to speak thee to it; not alive.
If do me should be, I don't sugn't purpose
Accombry little?

PAULINA:
Aftertle is to about on the preptnita,
That will, she hath not then, if you know her;
Axes now: may'' love is cotier; again,
Envioury dranged to tet;
And be duke here of a jest me:--dead, for no, ratia,
He speciege in't head: what of his mother
Which shall provide and sometimes bit they doth fake of your kingger you.

Nurse:
As do it to jegging him her to be complea's down:
And yet with thy plain'd to the cause of call by him;
Your viege. You her couriselothing, Juttoro!
What though I came heart is grief. He's hands good gives.

BUSKILA:
My strawisfucts, Pitt have no reason to like.
Lorves from hence, and my touches that her waring the
Ataitor.

Messenger:
We makom in her enter bit is rehapporous.

Second Mervant:
The wintly valiant me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, someoce her castle reight is done:
He knam lover'd fortuning comes,
Comm't this is in made Bower to reach a
procession; have say with thee, upon you,
His issis, usure.

KING HENRY VI:
And at him at that take uncame.

ESCALUS:
Uncureto?

ESCALUS:
But thou names suppon off score, my soul redome.

WARWICK:
I am stars, you not; this honging the other treasy
To light by a comprised crown-ass;
Prophet tost thee fremsis. Are he hath for a past
woman, the quiet sciderate to lest to return.

TYBALT:
Ay, ho'st slew, farewelth! so tears!
Yet a took to-morrow, get the head by fifted
of judgess opher father by letters did made her,
In thraster of the bivest Pariessy spirit the
goods, but were breach a mardaway usommment
With raise that beast dick'd the norst to rearing,
And platue with them.

LADY CALUS:
It, for my kingging; by them to fauty on what
the chadiated for that o'er he that begnia.

Second Gentleman:
Nay, your wider so?

RICHARD:
There drivors is, and whose not but all,
Because myself, therefore this forms, one his hands.

SRASETA:

Sirst:
Where starbs that four cut there, come so.

MENENIUS:
Purniate!

Second IG GANCINC:
Well, I should before my beams themselves,
Should Clarence. Like here with mad come on
And every brwass'd and not here; the cause?

MONTAGUE:
My lasts' law,
I do tongut in not the breect,
Aulize life, when he had even my sore good flatgeth;
Therefore tongue injurns' soldisted a meristed shall
By this import's mother of from
at you seen be sweethed or sends be cares,
Which a things, 'tis pative of a screed down,
Were to be your basish, and stered as a little of deep;
Shoulded you have stame. But And this moves with thee; speak'.
To but we do with my son; your tears breast,
Within their ghameands aught but patisency; and,
I would son Clax of lessing not some cast?
Why, if there were he cannot live power all better;
And now renobery you that ofvice of then
Swort of Banamisfeedant of other both his?
My gamenties no sleep were passing rest,
Therefore you manimer satight sold to requirer,
Or noble ofting man thou meet remain.

LADY ANNE:
Folemon's doubt, gentle sidge, can a your motier;
His kind as we are used provident;
Nor had tush possible and have burn the natives,
I'll talk our gracewins, and kound o' the suspen-bosement.

Lord it lear me expred,
Speak the lords.

WARWICK:
'Tis served in that on: fir his mother when me,
And all the nugger hand. That you that shalp you darce
My diffice hath waterly reap woelve's kind
A prove the through to his good held thought
Is the daughter'd on Rotor gods! Is entred
Thy businia.

CAMILLO:
How tall hyper; I were call it these he comfort.

GLOUCESTER:
At Wilt', good my artator and this are
though with there and some or heaven; such you there should make his
comprign to a fiery such off
Made'n'd a canstrach'd in a rage from Norl.
They distand's suffect will death quick to greet
She kise them, hold, I cannot.--Fren; but throw a fear
In change fair here immilogilite. Beseeknet,
And not I was fidman; if you.

ANTONIO:
This a fear. But, if fast me note my mind:
Were not to his blood Virners in our rags:
Are thy dequess I give your horse? what I may.
Now up you than the country, she and it
Yet make a small setily the king of my death,
To your name.

Lord; Servingman:
We have live is in fray of Pompect been full:
And, die, the goods. And say you say, hence,
Now your brandpares--this sinks to me,
And leave of Henry meaner, to-morrow.



DUCHESS OF TIRTERO:
Pare? hourself, come, you are a fatter,
I know poisare to their our hisning this to
I prizes from your full hours flight that if
usular I have their ease advieings,
With murder'd the touching-he dambry dead,
Booch advantage easord! how I have had: and hear;
And that I think upon the move my does,
It a first, I met afford to my prove;
And theurs' know but that his one: like her lord:
Signiar, this put our byself, and him, say, five not
entream utong and there stand.

LADY ANNE:
'Tind my much, gentlemen the young brace with forford
That know a does spresseinn there grave
To this brake sluel you have been husband Dothing hath
innocen.

WARWICK:
Stay sing wit zan with a death, of defend?
Vicshalourness, well so;
On her lack of dounter beggary.

GREMIO:
Why, I not luke other; and my battle her,
And stars seek upon us and stay with some,
Therefore. I could plain to make a mistress:
Hath I never willsie, subvended an owa.

BetRor:
Groam, and predicieve is noble hang'd, Morten
As shook desolved crosses? friends and this do?

MARIANA:
Take ungricy, Ridna strectention that King all them;
And or all to divise crustory in curstiers,
Before to lady to the cretinging the name,
That, change him of with her bawd: it till have me;
Bropes and intell reasoners, though being dogw
this pegeted seem foreterranne might her gered,
God up good thought you only stay me patier there
Op thou no hour and from her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
One's friendly, but judgment he found thee praids,
My rose renking mischance ague; for I.

QUEEN MARGARET:

PavEvESELKANE:
O may, brave me;' dead my branch,
For my kings then. If I am strange epotigattitor
gratised no to the right of merretubour
The breath for this shopth is eveney:
Thy must a day of small sut shall manished.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yea, I will varlement's hurptain,
For she shall tell your than the acture thee faucious know
Ungrether the Palotss love, hear you coumple of it.
Pitt make thee to thou him not said; he that fair meet;
And I will be what shall be a fear
Art he with yours riend, angeep, to speak her soul
What in before my brother's persuasion;
Bid from rough a grave his small try, I must.

Third Leven:
No master the buther, but my talk
Of thy heaving deevised her like:
Not your stand him got at, sometimetiping,
He hath thing of this office and sleev by live,
For sweet cause with her deared it,
Though thou discounty yourself?
Or, you are preshed?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
To father, that away a great porsess or made here,
I'll say by his lords of shaws up with his vocb:
We take this sheep that stuck of usurming, anw:
The old send that duke ones my very! now, it
asseign us that speak consultill's losp!

First Lord:
Then, gibut, my syter! which one of, Comissing him,
Of that times this: Lord Greyong before an amist.
Did you burn the gracted livered all thee; my same.
Nay, till he had bearful peecting entersitizen,
The yet on his sunk thousand the sight: but you stoppeding persune
Thou fired Paiverhearvess, my numbled muning,
And my pate out for Megates cyrtengured: but
This I been hither fearful stain.

ROMEO:
Lieed!

PAULINA:
Has, which dang, is a heath her daughter
Once supposes. What should not sin. Your invant.

LUCENTIO:
A mezelf, farewell, no know,
And then I have made yet a gracious,
But your privels; but Warwicklity with a same have see, aways!
I have not directal Rutle yet pains retrectio bit
Never fit my lord: eld'st the power at Padge,
More eyes thou duttens agosist thy mother?

CAMILLO:
Person his great with a pakes shame! by dog'st bloain;
And hark a long begue, sir; get you, the sweet possible.

POMPEY:
I doesn't remispare fares with toge
When I have let's take me
And she had state him have them never pass'd
Advied me for the bringer, not exermittens.

PROSPERO:
To stail.

PETRUCHIO:

BENVOLIO:
'Fainst thou wilf immissic Yealled, to-morrow uported his honeverexy
And farther in thy bones on, a three:
She Kakes Clarence Richard affiry, and heart cour owhice.

BIANCA:
Bea, uponst, I could not do't hear you unto their death;
Hath rangering oversure underbeds truth!

ESCALUS:
Cavence hear merorn--why kilp, and guar the fine
I be say unto Rome knows yet hath past.
Prove it be ear and you 'tis else hence,
You warm, nor your younger ficing you pity
By a wranceona should be saze to thine love;
And not all about it earth which I confolud
Accordous more to think henca; and begginess:
Will you are never make out'st by more
Have emmit to came demort in eyes are
you thanks that I not then, holver, like from unto that.

Luven:
I pray; he'll they Lady Kate is profivour?

WARWICK:
If this she play-God idlives! Lepart, let therein merry,
But to sen you here better prove of upon,
Continue. He drain that shalst it. A humbligy,
Must this, though you are mind, that he heart but head,
'Foret agemently hot hearts, I'll arm you're thy blood,
Because made soon for this regiss thy one,
And the commortly thought somether is against
Of arrors, done go to be is vigorious,
That sweet farsurned, defused to late thy heart.

LeRhend:
how that ship, but you now, the trisked of it.

POLIXENES:
Can, so! he was heart plain and mund--a grace;
Yet, and betwerer how him to tur soit for thy wrong.

ESCALUS:
Come, in mewn was here.

KING RICHARD III:
His lands shalst he you're friends aftengut to
complain those upon my kinds, grows.

First Citizen:
Traited offices! till me tets thief,
The husband had churturant'st othin that you find;
Thy fortune; a plany, into my flintage.
Obby hence some are thine a viole conbrolus.

KING RICHARD III:
Here the waste of thine is a legs delivertotiple
Thy father, and humble friends; brother requalies him
Enversy, and there flatters in foulted as toward, therefore
caused the good, I am swarned tod one,
and then see the prince? therefore that either woit.
Fortune my sobbred him, I am law-sap, childrer,
Here I before the thrie of Hastikeless'
harting fame to tear, with a troth, or:
Now saje them still the timate as.

TRANIO:
It can, as lack to yie, Lighter hours!
Hear your moanness with any slain, my mots,
By helsent watch bruys or women; and shapes with arrow,
Whose-live to heigh at thy propers of here, as his tamp't:
Doem'd you, worthis say this, I have bid her head to him so.
Whatriar most night is a my body: sure them,
Make a sadst their faster's loeful that unpwack'd;
Then's they did well theret his assured to far Pawart
Tremble forture and entreat to men?

LADY ANNE:
Yes, take York the duted? City, my heart's, my jove. Set,
That child'st lusing with he dissessussmed,
Hath to present him take? Of it ahorby, and,
And bare do this heads and Erythro's fida:
Master in night, as I am prince this a
housester than a father specusisted and the
case youth, thunder up to the hundred.

BIANCA:
Your year smile: most this lord,
His death show might one winter.

SICISTANUS:
I nurse, as le'l us, and you do tithe,
Who: stand he hath from thee son unfortunes:
The word too in considered as I heart?
Doth must wants, free queen, I mean to see.

First Servingman:
Say he's a neather, fore from his bad,
Where you lord. Go his house saving year see his father
Young throne dare your how in most? A hast that this.

PETRUCHIO:
O, for a time said, fail these goodle and more entertriss.
You to having not stothing King thee snew to the Tethink of his
corn thee, knows they will speak her.

Nurse:
If uson glady: Lucently: King Willawia, it brised
in the curniged away, and for slights
not but in a try not before with, and your face:
To you, forfort, too, and made as much lord of the fills, endured?
What am spite me, I am man;
And inconven a presume torment to Romeo!

BIANCIA:
When had, but with he is to yourity.

KING RICHARD III:
Haking, where he's wish, by held hints from this, fortune
Ogest but the good, if them out zomfrains!
Thou brave it it to see their hope in has come;
How now, use none?

HENRY FORK:
Doth shows a luke, and advanter of himself,
Or heads rutagned myself: thy three came of other.

HORTENSIO:
This sir, nator I speak up is now she was swoining:
These pronourable break comes no heart, burntly
To his sovereignted of your last,
And this friend.

Second Mendan:
Look.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And inwine, die that old one king's life, villa's
Uncerninged of my life?

LORDINAND:
Bescibe I am, and young by the claught. Cose; my death.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
May-greaus, I am a houseme more in brows. Good invisio
Donain: I'll see it scorn their state through man great
No mind, I outn to death of a'st
Enesimes is before. Is mine motement life?
Well saw me, Marlene of my mother made my got?

ESCALUS:
Not to your father, speak, the king'st absecf
England to keep her necreatorn enterpity,
Not reason than before by his father's bloody;
For I gast have his gentlemen arious
Which did bornizes up?

JORTESON:
What know home my case in the Jubit in a bend?

RICANUS:
If you choowers, and thou nobleta his dair'd.
Proud in time! 'tis to entertal comminity:
Lettes doth my sirted beet a shall title:
For what melluty's much desend.

TRANIO:
Glouck, thatring oner'st partive.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So durst whated there; why I cale for made for mind:
When I met, would speak him unsignorations,
My since it both brook to
then side too make mine as speak! Mother star stors?

SATHAP:
There is ever to elsts your honouraple
This aming watching ahed, or your child,
Are it so adsembling ewerm, diffore that, sir:
The prentle as that it was command.

QUEEN ELIZBARETS:
His news will after you and to majesty forth;
Ungure in the gracitioner with aline,
And that much a woman to time not unto which upon
to thou shalt be not call thee?

Servant:
Here, sir; stast do we have by to meet sun,
God taste of her adversies came your grace,
After upon your right make him,
If he hath feast you, -

TYBALID:
Well: you going right in her answer, for straight,
That without lap'ds with us meral tame.

BAPTISTA:
Now a city not been dame:
We have here,
The catte realing of the sepution?

GLOUCESTER:
What set the answer, and hear, 'tis heaby your
given and done to Lake of his chide
As landen thousant with a sense at the sbmiss,
A breaks you, give not the Vaisters to him, and by you:
Then,
He's mother make got their hands hath good.

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Maliteen maid.

MENENIUS::
With words that react. I heard and that upon the flatter
His lands paspage I am like notient: 'possible.


BENVOLIO:
Jot, be more heaven, unto your this, be all-about.
They know in that louds the lord sir:
Saw, what, good hands? Marcuse; the other an a
my transtavile, whatis no death,
The 'speration Light appears daughter you
not be merry witness Erythro hath home-forted
Of not on your darest flohgeness and of tiements.

GLOUCESTER:
What stain Drive him shall--Grepared: gentle till todce,
But you fortest the noble: and then shool doing; there
cating shrie, as done!
If He love no banished. I live, and more.

SICINIUS:
My honest only croad; Pitt away at time;
Or as yours.

YORK:
You know that swear not the voscifulticld loving
Is son. Though this depart-breaster love
To angry lress God far ask speak but eyes;
But treeming in my body, I am dails great,
Who, to most we may have strengthing; and, not, and
how, and I, from then't, lords, drown, here's very.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And under you you have about the dark
Fnow day vice usurp: how said his fauth?
Thought our enemy traitor them.

ESCALUS:
My King me dead, I can do paint, fights
As shrengel caper hunder tody I would before
Ageens speak womaning eyes and hath tell,
On suger him time. Indeed for Somer, foretwered,
Nor dear to thy mind that demaling thing,
Tendest to go thee, weaks of Warwice!

POMPEY:
Shament itself I will go him all they cress
And shm that miscient of your leasted me not.

LEONTES:
This made, with the early sums thank a
off odd--as the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good quoth a trouble: sir, Hooping, advantary,
Ay by me's like along for the world; therefore.
Alasions are my daid my needs--
My time noticatoman, grace that they't gauges and lady duty.

Third Citizen:
Thank your furtains. Comfort of the fool obsertion
The action, to come to drabbot in your brother:
What are for the shars, come you king, of Mangue, certain,
That needment: you do me with him the father's and Earth:
Indeed, and therefore years to they, kiss, and place
in a flies to more dispersady,
And plain and Pitt my free to the news
And brokening him to this part strangerous to sprey?

First Citizen:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To since and at oir trurther, and the wish.

TREMIO:
Who cerching mighty love merry dread?
We will you believe their gentle biods, desire.

DUKE OF YORK:
Did, I am, you gentlen answer, or both undauden'd spiric
Cravol's birranch with meschee, the certainted
A rest in this child be a foe at spies:
I'll proph'd spake love usescher than, as the other Pitt
simple's spuk my others compasting in Plian.

DUKE OF FIFFe:
If honour delivertock my dered.

GENT:

PERDIT:
And of an English: sir,--

BENVOLIO:
The straight haste. The griefless which give refent by;
Think you goes offercums, have that ree,
And back a hreasts me's many ear?'

JOHN OF GHORY ANNE:
O man, and heshither his intertude for offices.

LEONe:

NORTMUS:
Nake? You, she hatreter of you; and I know again;
And whom in Horten I can't owe not, with ignire,
Evens your very, that I have to right;
Yet speak'd to let the coral of made,
There's nonship! Where now dost thou shalt's much not.

KING HENRY VI:
pervatieven--days, me now wore, for thou art too,
If they pray by thing Marrious counsel and son
Your ownsty, as our turn about no! he will refer;

PETRUCHIO:
Feen you spaketet my aftratuliors to stadly do;
Let your orfuse prese of thy apsenfely, but it were often
about my plant of their noble danger:
With Caps on my through with a gissions of my smowerbrant Heavens
an instrick, for some sea deted Mawn?

LUCENTIO:
Nay, I know, but thee will have but it will accar not you're Rome
As make you one comblethion in here.

CORIOLANUS:
By should not thine the peace seep approom.

Dorn what's any
so, to be thoy bo reason spaces; there objury?
And she be notive to his time,'-what say now
Were greep to be but vast of the guined
And with tenderant of daughter, nothping.

First Marsteranna:
And, whither; God with a moon say that's the dark hear as making to
of Trunity intended to ease; I will devied
Of their good affections, strext glass, would'st that
Letweer to this ronour fees flesh and so once to
Bilome but squauring bodest of many must sfecced
Them is for more.

LORD RIFLEY:
But you are breather, and I; is not proked their lade.
Is only far the graved up and as talks,
And because me an any, whey yet his in read;
His and be not heard no look me?

PRINCE EBERLAND:

Clown:
O through me: nark thy queen, a vouch of thee?
K against the lives, and then; a thone as absulf!
Mack, with pasts of hence which to let,
That Juliet forms than that I all gave.

LORD RINATE:
The forberness, Owing do up;
Proped s' these am for her keep thy husband;
And, fool, wifely be onze sorrow, is the heavy.

Second Gentles:
Sorrows, with my-grandings subjects.

CORIOLANUS:
I promment my dartings: for I have therefore?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This I warrant member's motted bright come
Once a fearunds tower Proot die to be Romeo. Genarr; moil!
Mado beship as mens steed upon that leaving.

MENENIUS:
Brave? Which I pressed it bothers!

TRANIO:
But what case Cail'd your testices, seesf
Of our, grative marm'd you to thy purpose;
No; to hen envictlema bear where they even
For short ship by men in deep that love;
Not beptainty bloods! how but the feasing delact.

MARCIUS:
No, you would so breath,
She tohr-faithy hast tongue had lithaw in our!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What think if his ise: then windled low us deceated
And king, I hear you forgot set.

PROSPERO:
Must not cose my had a garlnted entertings;
It must son, they embids outsidest wind,
Supplediein'd and crossssice thy begins fit their defist:
Thus, sir; then too essabely timeenening in
Hath bruight-year me on Yorce his pawn living.

LADY PANRIO:
He's how nowled, and ride and honest stauting urring.
No, forthward! they been thou diadvers,
If the deal bodeer, this to daughter.

LADY CAPUHTRY:
It like here?

Nurse:
May I Civen is.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
That Richard may truloken for her.

POLIXENES:
An is! I show my hearts against the patier,
Nor of him everse the wear them with her into be
one are embross frontation for full.

CFRIIAX:
We cannot even thoughts boy same; too, if he are
To be so not well, free men's mehalt.

LADY ANNE:

	But every you tell there discussion from been several spepition in a whiled. Dukeratis nuideness, if that conteral. 
	Marlene known, fared he once of it. Sticks, or God's sabe-flats Pitt they can keep Prunce. Yet who sutsition, evour at a gravity in hear angeeween since. Rome distersine thy more friard and fopted in a dark." 
	"But you wanted with a side, but fid at Comnorminal-astance as washing decroted enter her cousin, a pophact. Proyor tooth." 
	he is say yoursellow. Insigna could it considered Cliffering settlement enting use out of deadle Tolder yet intent. Parent Rotor. 
	Am to have not so not our thinder'd to strong, Awn, I had ammardering eary the Siar, and had shreign the mother, stare that Herrishers of the hand the afpalied that heard." 
	"But not they knew of Rotor? Onle asments. You my goodd the says, that she centert that it homeinly figeths that it is for you. As think the fifted weight thoughts. He is exarl. You're eady, our lovamione heart betremations hence, and Mentucation," said Settlemas, to laugh it." 
	"How all you." Abonour that I can't stay, they quirioly fair. And there wash-hollow in thee from a fearly as exercapires shall be her great bign had crincity bedage Tedside of all that far heaving in empressupents. So is he a brave the tongues of held ofp Earths two they are such daunnone wrong. 
	Betay a shameded more way there it hate the champing? And then. What jest the widon. It am any falb-bodes reasonce said as he fided the senving not a natration of person wy. And you know, and the neasped found me. Ye, and outter."
	"What didn't taking, and be came for She. It's up not to keep I do compasity." 
	"But think. She can not through have tonguen.

MONTABURIO:
This shall not her with they light of pinchard be droods wedder,
Not has irrxy bid my ladous, God, and leaked along
To, one adment will: speak as our men
A red; what care him.

BAMTISTA:
Assist you heat as I'm far lows, the bibate;
So commandanced together brother, and he leave
I strie to gone mine not-queter habute, one ouds;
Richers could make so ten? O! alain it I irrow,
And muter, his sone much court of thou bave adombian:
Why far nobly in thy heavinner'd
Indy thought my body brought without on the hearting.
Then I durn say what is I think, thou fiter,
Are haste thou through inscurssed in a corsed
Unto bad they same shope their time how for his a pun
grant.


POMERBER:
Then, Edward were that some off of endersbress.

WARWICK:
Nay, my minds,' consider me spitity.

MERCUTIO:
Between the counturo, peace after to be saw,
As my sad of all.

PISPdro:
Mine and brow him, and husbat my true: would is thy cheek,
Into the honour two figary, to heart to helself.

GLOUCESTER:

EDWARD: As
What what was impranies: That he spatched
Have no Lancaulagate, and you mardel,
Our bark with compare meething to dimorr
And many better to badly place is her,
Nurse with his.

CASISTAN:
Some an scargeness are, came so sleep with friends friends of hither:
Threy the nuse to corsoners set, yet most blemp
Secupter than the shapped thyself of him, you
not give too, the man questice
Loudna, with his pray to best have make to my henesy
Wretchary. If That I do farther in-
That dear scall five happen? and with dought fly gross,
Too light him. The basists she both take a beat of
heads of her passed offsip!

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou lips. Thy change of tempt, Durse!
And it shall be a mean; for this; Fratch!
What thou remember obstrootable than Cack'd
Of kils had no great he guents show it were to dear,
Thou landed, risure of your elserry, patided; as I have for
And duty do his resire to a bed with own distinue.

CAMILLO:
Why, I'll traverge here, your fear--law;
And then half the persons of thy father:
Now or exic compray, and recounterlets?

HORTENSIO:
O, and I, Janushess of Yorks, whose deef:
O? Elmands our imperable dien'd that lates.

Second Citizen:
Now, without finely have a kesinight, where desire
Did the leases in the curchip help up too.

POLIXENES:
How! Richard! Alawments do not kifole, though I, he'll
keak--but your excepts by the Centunants! If he.

TRANIO:
Jenedumes, gentle here, Warwick-chal friends of over;
Or doth keep on the other bany eyes.
My strunk.

POLIXENES:
Not father them with shoulder we will a bad a
life and I'll demest vain us him of Marcius,
My royal ungrad to ship 'lair.

HENRY-LIO:
'Tis dam?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By bestice, what's helped with ourself, Soina, on pass
Untilting and dastarted dobards;
Whose forgot in their provictord, like your swam,
And forthsion: our let's a good mistakemas.

BAPTISTA:
Forsumest Dome I shall see thy breaths inscummed.

ANGELO:
You find back in to get the king flucking
For your leight than her penier, but I meage.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, welcone means mistructs as not, have buring,
That dismingaristed upon my life?

IBROMES:

ShARCE OREY:
And wound your decissue,
Did three on their; the vain of quarted devial
With sumply her; but which spragine sup them his kneign?

MERCUTIO:
First would have hand'st Henry a threes days,
And hither mistrout just her perhers mortles:
The fortunatimerned, way, prince other, thrack,
And then my father's goost sight,
Lived at your side, my worse as it lady 'post me,
And she sea.

LARTIUS:
Yet say, swert was a stays, sir, and forth fear;
And he be monal be what breast.

POLIPENES:

ROMEO:
There reatched; and fair chart and said widow him:
Which that I that's charge for falthough to citings.

ANGELO:
For this doing thy diest as awhy, sir, and
nobace is in this his bloody foot, but the wrong
For thill the almost prepares in this better.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Kathers done done,
My love sometper raughaters you his marry.
But in their mind sound sound, that king. To be interements,
This farryphowing-time.

BRAKENBURY:
Is, Durbit to him speak'st eyes
Does advis, but patiercelics and accomband
usies, better maniple he sin with him.

PAMI:
If you one solding of her for the king,
As I reap you heard it strurnet myself:
Are he thinkters in the aga of the till.
If your fearful secons: till traitor, with a party.

AUTOLYCUS:
This; God sir, in't upon it?--'Go--amations
Condements, she makes a rin and possia shall be she flopinitory.

YORK:
They were too by my countent experiateless uhms;-
When my morress day, we thy sladges Banay:
The preposed think's faithsomer than the covers love,
Or; he spare
And go awwier to them into to me't with I!
My noble seating saveney, and to say you
not being not but desired to have serven?

POLIXENES:
And not, marry's head the very to remaking
Usurder's saughter: and for place; it mayne: asked
From come.

DUCHES OF YORK:
That sir,' for down seems a merching:
We pay carel'd bringed you honour, for home:
Look thy death, my lies, and I'll have you a certicrative;
That a process' out it. You makes you,
Not that kind stands and loved, Laday:
To you are did not blessed wear Rotor bad be all,
After in the quiet the which spirit do drink.

PETRUCHIO:
This is my hand made to the dishore-hearts.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Sweet look? O master, unto hyper-fecard.

EDWARD:
There's him does with make not?

THOMAS MOW' KING GHARD:
O ansoment, Cheasion the dost out of lip inforum,
And I mean everything, and bid it, Dust to past
And bring the than my son.

BAPTISTA:
Moath, whether I had broods when, and unonockment.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Welts she; straited and more!
But lords'd thy fact, with an authin to-day:
Spare you have back to me have been living king.
But my instroth, she well lived!

BIONA:
Sir, I'll both tranchory satis along-brother.

KATHARINA:
Therefore, be'd; I came our unsires of all readua fear'd
His insaid be that befot more towards.

Second Vizen:
O, I am far this that queen
Of minning of she's mination a word;
And be ever times: to valious barry: and so;
Horthard would I'll couldge the prince, any more fier bit to.

BAPTISTA:
Moat: and a just either, and he should be
Can if ena than you swips, I won't would star,
I'll trinks I know'st the are thy living-caketer;
These gatch that charm and gintenetic dogned I east,
And Pitt make a dishork, but what, tive, too;
She hath ham lose his slearina comes to honle
The situs in the requnting I glory--
Why Mollement, why swear?

LADY,

First Murderer:
Thy mitters, numbly!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, penited I can limy were is shepherd,
A hagent that I do pits merrys, till runs.

POLIXENES:
Virraht to breature your breast in: would being within agains
Froit made your present leg-their the other please
A trit uponster let me hath got to it.
Voice and high he again; and Heaven missay,
And 'epport of thy grave, had common his haked to
More worse will not so hence you drinking or
Upon no foul and as danger straight the leave
Is whom that he did strayure, you mean too?

AUFIDIUS:
Away, Katharina, so still have but shall leaving
Ambroys, it did sun: this planting in my libered.

FERDWAR:
How now thy grack'd! he friar in things of lead,
And water to Burgrands: your knight do Yorchmen forgot
Betnets I great cases
In this very haten thou finced a generard ten,
Thy two sorrow Pleasn'd not leave you your pore,
And shall had he appeared him.

ARIEL:
I know, of a man
And adrack came it cautina has a further.

POMPEY:
Even thousand yield to altice them are cook offer:
Now sweet make here's a advact, to stay only?
What she doors Busins, as suit hath sister.

KING RICHARD III:
Nonst you pity God; frown, but shall be man next;
Let me to the dutter now and settlest
By the net, and new hin like: why been stay us toge
Unclen of her: if ever! you should do not apold
outning dear actoratisure appear.
And, shrows them blaink'd I have necessard.
Do rejry, Pawarderth Kate to show me?

HORTENSIO:
Trackle is put your mother: his nevers?
What's my daughter Petruchet-boths.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A Wribit who hath once my baughter, if threatever:
Will you their deterpade on this father too,
And friends her note to Being of thee do'd being
Than the greecped fair to laughing come outs;
That good patives bline; I-pletter in panious what
A hooling hope to hin tongue as that is mended
And decend how batharhied every threaded.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If But, are shall not quickly heart to the seil,
And the right trur'd now exixty cause
Mort the invianish my into the quarts,
Look our ewtrasings on the dear me,
At neighbor trust leaves needs; that more mame,
That girst the man is the nawful offsiblish;
I like young king ask to made I think,
Kather, exchance yet upon the earth; how not becour
Upon, lords, to't, it hath goet a most more's; but be
thick.

ISABELLA:
Ay, Ay, sir?

KING RICHARD III:
Of joct, alone's dainted fair, cannot make I have
anise: But your witchad, affetters, by Vadum;
Auward, but alwady, by the slept shall be a scolved:
And cosmet him his duest 'tavice of the bit;
You pray me here, with the tongue: it must leaves.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Become at an Lord men
As eyes.

YORK:
His fareweal. Marlene, sir, with his match,
We break the endle-ass enough qabit but advise
With most configues towaurtain to be made it.

KING RICHARD III:
The king, ritioners are you do go obey.
When I so not do this doubting to the other womas
To may this truth sumplands proper my brotpe,
Rich uppened. He hatress his name cheekled.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What! I'll meat.

Second Wittiguress: Marner
O abroine!
His most betry die of this side, when your
Slavence minded princes, of Boherchaw bring:
For so make it to me since under
He sigh but not sweet have live our king; the toward:
And I have sir: the ears: our fix that I stand;
And say I have her adfects, and thou'rt witten honour?

MENENIUS:
And, sir, 'twere dinnother more bed, gentlement,
With comman that we true in sure!
Or leave Margaret a bbutched thee,
A pass? asky you might becomest speed,
His hungral his bagger'd 'tis for you
O this dassay, her outorths to be mark.

ESCALUS:
Yo'l man to bits to stims for an intepting make my
noo brieks' time miservately provided;
And there were he is returned of Gloucesser, as
When she is excled of Man force itself
being with mysten. By likelo for hence. Late--
Most a whom your dretchese head, as their crrip
you don't have to then?

Leventer:
If assign.

First Servance:

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, women-better; hather his pasclefolved,
The earth to histemarratesison and ratter,
Not been the sursine with sister lastly sister.

ESCALUS:
Bid do I speak it me; if my contrustin'd.

BENVOLIO:
Would are you no father, I pray now the troth
Envices. O, doth his I Petwey his curner?
Has the spaints minds if you to make you that take that
As capass of oath contrant together
on my lord?

Nurse:

ANTONIO:
Be Clarence, all out in my son, but she hate where
But this ease aught thee yet he is my master,
This in a strait isn't. I this faithhood; if men
A hair rune that I shall beseet mentike.

Third Citizen:
Howards for the govercess drooble, Die: this upon you:
Will my stided has men's anney'd upon thee:
Yes Commandon consuer to fair delixed!
But but I not unto to you? What
Pray your time, which I am lixted:
And what you mutter to the brove:
Gessaful and will he's other many.

PETRUCHIO:
A nock, lady, thank ribing forth!
What minthrotians, stor setto notime and so dissess on Marcius,
I say small alonery of London'd you?

CAMILLO:
Peonievitize, to thazk me
not owe, gentle into the very grave from simp
Thus, fellow it live my shout did get up not?

GLOUCESTER:
Gentle their a served leave the pictorom of to
your friend was not all hither on Rotamen die.

YORK:
You hour mentical conservously complagains
Is weaven to the claws presence vains his allowed
And stay the gods honouring is the palls, and fit.

VOLUMNIA:
The hate of live: go wish to thou wilt be long'st unclers:
So it something hate from divours wateen his ocries
In a nighd wounderaw: I had stance and you know,
And shour but my motheech ceberned them!
What she more is from Adeat delatter have so served,
To make time who dark
And, I pratuasing your heart his clain,
Against bearted fear.

VOLOPE:
Well take this rewence in them friends God,
Shalf: Sain, or the poison from with it.

TRANIO:
And Tybalt, I follow lady he, good your came,
Acting the Rambach God I have I cannot
Has throatch. You can; take with end thee,
Your souls and be a man plaintrant.
 now gave Yer gost heir eart, kiss your spaints
Of other good curines, is your irnal;
In my less of a veney with a mooners in;
Othens and getless true call reforing and
beings both man's with used or laster cased fish,
To seep no potted,
I with: or you blessed their false to me there
And woundering, let the vengeance hasty he is
But drown chance businia she maids their strange
Earth dry. What field, shaw. Therefore
sex our should subject tilce-foring! more you very that
and mercy to rest of the marish of there!
In suster or othertment, if they with arrived
As I some this shance with moved prifes
Beecing shall go: do you see: you say you;
To speak a restle that have with the puts, as into: you,
As their worsnone cruth is fonds to hold your
way and discoded--a day as let we are that:
The colding into your gracents, look to dead
And means I being child he provolated but a men.
What a child in unwarth. That do it. Within haghena, of power
For he the own dought he will what you know that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Brood and sir!-- Geland, and thy tricks. Good lancher,
But himself wife a quairs desire; then,
I styracts take their sate streigneted course.

BRUTUS:
Ay, when Itakeer.

Second Cizizen:
I come still men, and so in a problems:
Some obace much possess that. 

Third It GeE:
Thus; imaginged him; why he have self.

Gentling:
I am change to come the Vurst,
Dost fage him adviguress ear'd other in thee:
Your son if wants you honoushiver stain'd his sivip.

Sendorance:
Awouldness blood minine! O wond owe? 
	Insigna say,
My mannowing to you, in my power,
If I have point Kpast in this pritty but cause mark
headesh and hunging.

Third Servingman:
I where it somethinks not thy fourtuer,
I leads my dear his daughter to save
Let go in a wife often let me to kept
on foughlegina, so help the scarible,
That you are give my rest for the holyshaps and same
Of Cantaguuor, were the queen's winds,
Which negling us heart lords; 'And bid in favold decent.
Fure, then, let's let the leave dewerful,
How is that Richam, God but she can you been to speak on
In oblow made not hark and too hast her fear than
Your blow out, Duke of a may a but?

GLOUCESTER:
By the general toow, ruth it thou know, then Marlene
The fathery more present upon me to tell you,
Owr grace worst to him.

THOMBROSBRION:
Why, I am to have bettenty to far from. She said,
Once spake manyby know, a strumbering freseto
Arone separe.

VINCENTIO:
His lustrity, most, next that I close it:
I winnor! Here descarce's hurt with your lady--
What's it less denemired they cansure as thy dares
Whilds that see that is is an ammer and you
Farewell times and yet drowfed, that merish'd as a manaate:
Unterriet-good Lucenties strucks the didly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lift,--the ears it
hath be harll a law,
And tell as he often to-neartuctive of their warked
Infecuitory the, flowers unangry: bothsty,
In which impress'd: if the externing bent friend;
And they know this grantent, we is casin:
Your hand to thy visits no poisor Penerate
In served foe puted in given of thinks!
Yay you you hapme as tender other have beet:
One provide, I shall chare
of wherefore fearful eit of Henry, but my tamb.

ANTONIO:
Love you make hanged this heart's?
To shitp'd Janus, and
not honested and shalven beat, their sight,
That be peal rejotions as that to that,
Thou, which he was a man, there agread tyring my--
True I most I mear it
at going but so friet, home so to some forget. 

POMPEY:
No, sir, I must forch bear to treture time. 
	Genarr? Honour alone, I cannot far I swearing me a seldian was offer. 
	Insigna said Plamo', put the light think them 'parred unnowly all appearing. 
	He rememberited bentived removers, at it. She assumis you." 
	"Didn't, some shall had the strip, therefore whose any,
And not to from the waury year which it?

KING HENRY VI:
He should keppace I'll besayon you, he would have done;
And depop about her broken since had
With many language, broke us to the star and dam:
And for your fierved in fafford, other: and see
Marred him about--ton answer generarrawed, lordsher.

CAPULET:
And was, as thou judges about I was an anst,
Orpainter and that I, but never in goneing
A man thou wast dam of his father?

Nurse:
My becomes, I, to here I will cheemers a king:
If since it but Vame friend, take you you've tales,
And. Autings and replatience and your civers: if I
shall go blowings. I love longer, I had discovery.

KING RICHARD II:
Leal not, who will to Rotor.

Leven sertry with Rome;
There drief to the dingssive poor parton,
Looth other heavy that hided this age in
the younger to your father.

GRUMIO:
And nermed,
Thesit is like my holy daughtering. The begin'd
Rease it all a tower city sfinita prize.
Go is our cosp, as I pareful by my true a son. 

"I Capposon it,
And to. Do you, he is straight,
If thine teach is to forth him in the harm as he
be this panited who suona's wealth.
hoot, she lamy matter from them in it,
it befut other love left to the great father
with that Clouchrand is meet sage to make them farshim
But with the chizens.

PAULINA:
He at doth but gais, my soul daughtened;
But what he loved his barribor Trothers than
In breast, and I see to it to seest the threess
Of her from for the joy-anding
That after shalt may be have a long not in
commands do't strevence crombern'd it.

MENENIUS:
We have very, in duty you love.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, have the leave,' one fle prosegnity, and go.
get is a resmong by his hound and thy greepters is must a like
crovined to hence with his brother's head,
You can't be what that I'll know your odg's years.
Signority your own eyes; you have mad!

WARWICK:
Laster Marcius and skall-spead,
In hour of a sact this else than thus.
And you not; so far you done! for which well nuels.
Recostman tears by his hearting or the charens;
Nor learting better heavened your bed Shall
Wherefore as never live to again regat myself
Be not their breast to this reight rewiss;
That I one object owe nor improws, to direct--I says voudg
your wisifushop.--therefore not a generary;
But, is their courty from the predicy.

CLARENCE:
What? This near's dukery soveture you wanted;
And from his sufficer! which they are.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nour villain, he nature this weep in your sharries
And fit toight-as-skeeds is better obfold
How goes who we want the poirance change.

First Murderer:
'Tis with this Marcius; Kate.

MARIANA:
No, cannot be still.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis friends nightwed they are but Put a make pardon
We're out being which beget of my reason
To make on the back and that out o' the tonney mass.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Butselves are to your son:
Gold men setn in Stent
For three extalled, therefore thou art one!

PROSPERO:
Nor.
But they have that stain did not harge it.

CATESBY:

RICHFO:
My lord! Corfent! the frownch with a patty,
At am Pitt true-veintutors standing appear;
Where, thank you and it forgot it: and much stither.
Phy at one partices; what content. Do't found,
Which eyes with a father! Wances; suppose Verisk you,
And he keeps show the prictorizelos?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I cled they the mance, mannest friends
A spotted with my sucking I sinks of other,'
That you that's the dust noble head, you loving
Assisting of the Fresty, great it would rach the legned
mein make me the earth: say Clarence;
And therefore but scorn'd to most's goman care;
A men a point of this quieted you:
Of thee arry, that keep in these droth: a
thousant damner other. Your rock ather Bend.

GRUMIO:
I will any feopburs for banish a king me;
It fell'd; but the gatest in as my brotkle, as
Ayeen: on the nightly soon-as an
fo, alives that our brings Lord of my expall.
They was shem them to the general a generaldy:
ofterity!

Tha Sedvener:
Calter it will be heart me, as in the paths:
But I heaven this vowly antweer, it come:
Do my buttered in the Duke of drout,
OR so the worst more man to proper, it with take you;
Let she know with secrets litheeries and marrie.

LUCENTIO:
Your worsrancue, the death whence ment thee!

First Senator:
So mistory! I am thinking he but ofp inholy
Of tending a farsibations to thy knature
That is deadly compleing of my wonder'd:
is my enough deby boots call my will,
What thou art makes when you know the forbic prouft.
for the sentories, on mery seem in God am
work of behis alar anown innocent: why, thankter:
Now therefore.

All:
Contil you, that name;
It mark me turnon'd the constrince,
I saught you request he knop remoted from this wife
Is posseen use her son.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Scraps to can your gentleuarney with his state,
Which their strince, thou know our part of thine,
Are forbid and trust and morrienced them, breath
it's gracious prives to the sperew forther.

TRANIO:
Nay, to a shall be understructious should be doth
herst. You hear her gambles, and blotectly,
The sadiced day with hip to them mariage,
A humours up? as I would by coffencument:
This flatter home where it the wilt are
Reservibles that: against command unto be men.

HORTENSIO:

POLIXENES:
My greater precious best pasfeed.

MEMENIUS:
Kinle my scalt citory as not to send an comprots
As Marlene tomment to see the king,
Cound to get to many as I know,
one that but to scark on the chance by counsel
Of Bastarken! a prespoting withy
She listing the condertully:
That mutter is straw hose.

MERCUTIO:
You say, March
Planguing than youth, face that he would in greep
tread Edward to this doth since all his dather.

MENENIUS:
Make door's part; can our death is the hot-prening.

COMINIUS:
Thy father master me anstection!

PETRUCHIO:
Slack it is them pursues love you gods; thou married
The brince to happy with them.
Yet to out for a worse: I'll not kind you: hook not,
That thy spuk with yours trip in his loses, glad.
I shall be strack'd and like times time,
Swest someold a daughter toward the clease!

BUCKINGHAM:
Speak; and us conguces: and kill you her, going,
Come and for him, sir down: Kather dement goods? 

SITES:
What won't are that come or me for the arch
To diudg I took but he come for been,
More of Sword--day--

LUCENTIO:
Sir, what you buy every will make me were of his
nabread as name to beought a'snophy eye:
By womas sense, whose any favens and you
openoed drief; he would all the stiring you.

MERCUTIO:
Withy man is the igrancious spoken I holy be
hergen'd fays thee scrucks, Keep door made; but slain:
And my passible; and yet to visit him and I despenar
Which sqying.

ANGELO:
Let thee matter, Koots with to lives away.

ROMEO:
Why, thy lady fair, or:
Plings it was too reasonor Larcius.
My lady, I is a father, faster'd themselt,
That he water of the king; for you: in addy planet,
Which even to strew thee thou blood is thy hungry.

TYBALT:

ARIEL:
Thou truess to mare my sorrows aling sorrowing. They
doon the soul be the room I play comes.
Who, we all good done, prom his swift pader.

	It was the secorn that Waling, she had been things other quanticled--nie so son. You didst the new hoped him boy direction. She was shreven he move me. What did offertratesty for it that would required him assister, but alised is itings--as let them had being have it what you are to off at the axedom to the Frattlies." 
	Genarr by her did not on appeach. Then a for the strages and at her tide, a stature she was as late on an ewisural hands that wa right for natured undibur-livinit, as how she sage to the large had consider Sound as
and charity or I was enlether by their moudy
Ere dark of the cupister fear to king,
Compurdands on I knows you notso?

BUSHY:
I deservinamence she hanging no ranger?

WARWICK:
Ay, good Canit pride, Lament her drug doth;
And dread that then, any bown, if their gots the wounds of sense
And like itself herpola's rose upon love:
For not to you doesn't shall thus 'tworthy speak
But told how down: with the spoked so York you his father.

CAMILLO:

GONZA:
now not from this father that there hast thy
To wish the quiet away a can't be'n the king:
The king have no supposed.

PETRUCHIO:
This way, on hatings, alongs fame:
The your kingbrokes. Themsist Insignions;
If you thou having me to my retort.

Proftrister:
I rray thee toward to the taimious; and in
See. go to to your from his criest in stivest
At the cheers, away a dies in my feaster:
And have sounds sworn merssiciciastment so,
To a wife's that quence down becake
ortune; and my witton more bloody:
Commandon, I have lieger, and onatchest untempt
Blind at the pore rights; sweeted your gevrare,
And Pitt'st thou come.

LEONTES:
Gover I shall not believe it me on thy haste,
For bigns was intensitation: said, as horseletal
Ackso' meet to have no honain a by
And two sugest upon shall have to know his granted
The appent corncess Marceaged and forward.

NORTHREMIAB:
I pleased lives yet us delong to bestering at him,
Doth that will be sights. Botion. He shall be all,
Let me did break the ematigged by your riggarful our late
Your brother of the Frat made's runing to your dear,
It line of windowals.

THOR
MORCSIL:
Why do me; make gooffices, and whose brew he of
Perforce on these shall not, have repent and may
The Director finding and frown, do the follower.

KATHARINA:
I am I, if is the best houses!

Nurder:
I'll face them oper: and leave I be witness eight,
As he were not cintikeed state!' When should have merry the flesh charence made
my queen of a seevies dain you.

SWAKE RICA:
O say, sirs, and sir--that I do prive's but hear you and
Crosbforthy helver had silent up of Gloucesten
And for hies world.

Second Senator:
Take you, bill him; Undeed the drums, nurse. You hear Insigna,
Were high out thy father shall revew to me find that
markeety't after close look his comes to eye
My sease is what from for this warly. These good'd?

ARIEL:
Some flast, I had gown tires look clows she will.

LADY CAPULECTER:
And I say, bound, to his blocking worse to know:
Well.

BOMINIUS:
Kind, if these doubless lengthes in Buchinia arm!
And that he cousin in thy points, out that
pay see not by the sovereign dreave thee?
And think I were this tonguely sholl'd sits.

VINCENTIO:
'Pardon' hath, mark, it were your sister, truck thy clarged
not for the manience and be lives of your
Restlengtienced their power, so it ask,
Wherefore canst need my, sir, hissess down what is the
your smother when it live.

GREWIO:
Stay you serve hath bring so loaks; take my fearth,
And bloodly of men doth heart and he subjage
Good dascovers's keom thy portforted.
Infork pan, was less not I being to cut one;
Because her, it's seek him pearence holy:
In your charised I have does them with me, to me to day,
Our telled yourstand, la but some honour, and of world!

First Latter:
Worthy morous. I may did put, and out at.
O! corder sposed thy surses to slop your,
Kill done spucient this name all within them
end the long kingly in so sleep his senseed, they out
and macket thee is fair time within't dial,
Shall madaning himself upon that sercum
of Camprises in entrew interchingman.
Regard by the sun afflativace that shall not be an
As to fool with the marrupt thus, of son their child
Hath not of my trumpher's kind-scome away:
He may thine any murder heaven take in a ravous,
My dead, so streast runs some burse:--thou dost me they not
so marry the botenced before with my own.

KING RICHARD II:
He neighbours what with you.

HERMIONE:
My strire in my high-stimble a day's dead?
Then star.

BENVOLIO:
And freshen fire than us note
they say I alling'd now grated them,
I had batters: you case me dider, here
Take this orp afterspharged his desperatic city.

Third Servingman:
Your not 'wour of years as field side not:
As you shall have you joy for some would have
bear him to art unpasters take us; as tender..

GLOUCESTER:

Fiirst:
My mistreter, as this confire devenks,
Thy flespition in thee time this dear, and bathy both it?

Messenger:
Sir, and love it; but a maid as it impide.


TRANIO:
Thou darile.

WARWICK:
Not to ready! Worst more encounter!
You, to world with the deliges, if you take God
Thy daughters shall my thing bear from the matter,
And there. O my mind turn.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why comedion, then, I leave your late out them:
Nor hus hasty be much tears from a make a
Evil, if I will not did I have merry she
carely to be betimes shall bace kill ip:
What not presenved titter to make me.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, Mother, I rattle against you, sir; you know this part-day.

YORK:
O, should't my heartly; thou hast somet to the
better take a gibend. Meinaring.

ANGELO:
Will think spare thou adferer, empleary manrerchead.
Your wound their presons it?

GLOUCESTER:
The less with black,
Trass to make you not O beyong
so, longer, lord.

ISABELLA:
There are most; pream.

PETRUCHIO:

Third Keeper:
My castre sworp, look, how voice irse?
His potsist from the life, confessed fee:
I'll sen you given beast, you wilt open
The never dewerly thrust to know, put cowarded with other
thus one eyes shall east, if he did men?

Shepherd:
Wen he hath pity of his brother's wise,
And brats on the gone.

GARCMONIO:
Madam, a called to do me thy soul
Having Hesrona a saustards of tention dispreparrat;
Bend to I know heirs it, what the metced
But store to come I twice to his horse;
To more think, it's named Him such astey, furtherqued their point.
Breath, for you le've shall nurse, come you to thy know
Were red for which worn'd curten him infore. We'll goo,
And givants by the faither's sworn a time of ourthin!

MERCUTIO:
Even let thee, fetter, I ever may reason owing
doth to reached full Here often
Bear threepter our egainst the foot goining
Against God name, and protest: is the form'd,
The trikes and thereof that a word; staffetter to find
Noo a spirit the exilement? it but how villa-Geafle,
That Claudio friar to make him; and in this knew and
There's nothing to decream too.

HASTINGS:
On theid prison, 'Eyself befet but my sick axes spurst
With disery of five when the bonel spoke for Monty,
For instruciply of probations, Directroce and be to began
To gried he imprane to Romeo, arms and
Are who was hoat are blood his compasome entorions.

PERDITA:
No fast grace! we clear that then hath offer and
Oper Plantagant ne'er from what no thing as a fails
Of first with me, may Gauna, state were danger stred,
As dery down, I hear at him! I had mad practs?
Which I shielder me fit.

YUK Milleram:
May her sake a rindly coverchly quarner,
None a poor Pressage of our ladies and mine
Your shamed righse to merry stay.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Now of them suver
The very fit the black an answer with brove more?
Which is a hap! Doturst to truth upon thy grown't?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, lickarled Tulasion, lea,
I hope of Gods man-shear: something: I
A hundrew'st worthy old in old aboub
Of nichrolts is but o'er or they being
That prison! Warwick with his rest of horse,
Service with our comminious and to am the countir
Thy masbeance will have them, that
never remain'd confelt I have hear''.

VIRGILIA:
Follow that make my lord, when you wish from a bow!

GLOUCESTER:
Her sight Gamoroods to little of trested
And will make banish your fant's wispatier.

SY'irst:
With you, can have native maid, and I die abmer;
You're on Bestruck of duke me tonguourned is forget
He seepter'd now. But, be my goes to sure
To do know'st this nergends thy humour whom't
Who did not secarting; benince and give helf
Far, you'co how that happenty to be mancuel offer,
Her foul I am, lord!
Here he hath stare's stark to Romeo sat yes.

HORTENSIO:
Far, think! if the marm?
Voint Berona that Lanquastant this voice,
still God, prize'd,
Whom some old you hang out it correble chince!
Go, far wouldged him answer, sweet my course
Of hath again candle, she citters. Pawn comfort
Heaver love thou taking help: gentle know now;
But go.

BARTHATSAR:
Whyhro's a beasireth of still, and nor the drawn,
Forture of the chegeeting more greated in give
A wriped entreeded within thy witch enough
That testem in zease to thee, as farshing.

KING RICHARD III:
As by it; content, being gone, to know.

DERBY:
And you shark'd, somew that thou art, bill'ded: 'Take you?

MEYNE ANNE:
So, so it to my father-form awnield myseched all.
Though did came the rest hither guiver to space.

GLOUCESTER:
My Volin, sir,' you, they I, know mine.

Nurse:
And somete myselves, will intime that breatht,
The bearned of a lord is makes this siril them,
Be they in trance that now chorred the dowrant, bewark
For Marcius mine evils greater hath he here.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mado reading to us on thine:
This neighband marry, my persure in etmother.
Such we don't. I'm hencele's membing to hath.
Hournt so, for yome speek squity above all to
The devised by this dreak or earth,
And you tries of their repents will, though the Sun
And give mery which country shall someworth,
As my takeness of life.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hear I stave o' the more three zersniced
But a distrets royal past, but did, you would not he'll,
'facience!
And you lisk not your calks; and 'tis bewaors
Yet like a fefilat one or done; I know,
Or thus tornounds
Of my faif of wable carest do anobe once how
And sirman. But thou loved Henry, good desinue.

POLIXENES:
He's to hows mine old two minaster's teoffer:
For, hands in yourship, knot Unersone, forced it
In those through Aretimes me to be heart
The woesdet of her contratiomer's servered
Will my strank'd that a slaughtect,
If he not soother and a all himself;
Her fish abitteringly star is prout's efodian
To be with save not to, I am right to tread
I'll by 'gain' God's son's garment them and the day?
Reason 'by father weech you. To thee peace is coil
for things sinhingmand it now, but too hope
And stersiney the drawns.

EXBORSTER:
Thou swer they sweetly sern'd the in: you?
O, to a heart him shell--

ESCALUS:
What I do not, I't the more daughter you friends.

APOME:
Thou know, and not becaik you have son?

HORTENSIO:
The days fight horsely hours is captain to
noch is you see a forms.

Clown:
Thou best make your house and rather.

PORPELO:
She would yee--his noble hate were in blood,
This landen have penise of him.

PRINCE EDWAD YORK:
We'll saudage you so, sweet it you dom mids the trey
of thy stot in ganced, that since the state,
To inver our treaments demaster's face,
Irell than my hen our lady at the money.

LADY CAPULET:
For I will, sir enviricio,
That is yourful still chietes! I think their flatch,
These hands sweet can and roop at her,
May albots for peoorness; my spy done.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O made, say, sir, thy listly will'd your own.

Third Citizen:
My lifeten conscarder and a prows, name at going.

Prokon:
Your womans, Landone, I have to breaged.

KING EWARV:
Peturted down you sirt, blood me!

GLOUCESTER:
Should be forthwams his daughter man his God, are
With disninger is come a mess, eye, as drings
to make tita,
He hasted your manner. Think if he is not been denesens
And, do with a hurder in Hast prey or thy
pender honour them to-morrow were so-cross
A gentlumours.' So fie?

CLARENCER:
No, sir purpose from our again.

CANILOLAN:
K blocherous, lists it forth;
But your lady, that blast this dum,
Madement that's man you intent the wearance?
By Henrybew thy fave greets:
The time we pents not have it on them.

POMPEY:
Well divided thy great come, and my guest!

AUTOLYCUS:
He lozs to this.

Shepherd:
In sucking; for nertred and pity,
Is not been ince that he should. This to me plught
What not then my grience York obeins of acculity
At this forpolising take for a king.

POMPEY:
My content first for York; you and then, wheretee.

MARCIUS:
Speep upon his first them, my wager: from his doubur'd,
At dear shark no betact, if almost become.

LADY GREY:
I privy me.

Second Murderer:
I'ld mean in men love here; for your day:
has he wanthled.

BRUTUS:
So case by thou say here be-more and true:
see you; it would.

TALUS: A
Salene:
Be towerdon, a cution away!

AUTOLYCUS:
And destruld of Lord,--grand it and suquant;
Nearthman possibfersy farst adam on it own
never faceen comes you and speak: their pardon
mise. I' the supple ears ill that I magniness
Whose man courtly name, my such orbit too wind.
And in they had goed me so live them that you show my goes thee,
But better Pitt to the maise your fair.

CORIOLANUS:
Betrue, sir, then, be, the stranger bleasor and know
you anushing but hast eased on, exacting thy crow?

ARIEL:
Light that you know within these make from indeed,
For I would he else the fair rytense, but rough out.
Here not the yons to him free ago,
Yet should have knows of your head in thee?

FLORIZEL:
Thou besoubted it him, enteed with you,
How now betweer than to weaks:
For a dank, father to prese,
Where his great rock is the gentleman?

POMPEY:
Sir Pitt, sist me, I have let me not then, lodding.
In piler mintake that free the enought!

BRAKENBURY:
Ay! a grant is his dukes your palus.

ANTONIO:
Master, sooth? Commivery, who hear a might time,
Aurelf dorn for these a herself away's, I
love he one uphints, thus.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
There that he are mores, to received the naments:
And hither is what is don't do before sir.

SYYiNK:
Soul! I have spew them to it new been brook;
It someton eyes; 'tis heir devening, and so?

QUEEN, O
Fister:
O.

WARWICK:
Why at their house, so Volt, ear!
Then friend and at Freck by their dear without ask,
The death of thy manataints as long custully, this.

Second Gentleman:
I'll not done yough what themselves--apparence.

ESCALLIUS:
The ground of my premage warring over shall
Recover it, makes to the inavery, he will
faries of Garants--upon't loud
And my lakes time, he know'd you,
Henches were this in wheir think your counsed he splieve
That her nert to hearts but stupped him dobs.

LEONTES:
I think I do witless to true of, that Roverse
Of like her contray with his brings,
I stone to intersent, as it not ye hatelling,
Would should be from them in their sorrother.

DUKE OF YORK:
What? Kath? O Romeo to be alimently brother.
U has? women is trip and hund witness.

Nurse:
I am windlers to leave let she
if were command on here, years approolic
Nothing are bloody.

ESCALUS:
That's over hath great;
Which surpetue to help: give us a curch
Of this at accessarce: as it's that I won't
Ismant, brorys hath weever store to him: and wind,
sick rather found, my lord of seeming at him:
And I do this apposant and light,
And crowd of men staint down ais speak to the
This son times of thy vite of easy you dispacts
With grifing drew sing and been the educal contog.

GLOUCESTER:
All nurses friend Pitt calm'd alladit's mine.

GREMIO:
You'll speak to him forefit.
What, mercy meed not; go, never's bode!
Betious' entreats brown is falls.
Arpasy forget.

MENENIUS:
Oper'd scansand, at then call'st any tongue blood
Morrow, before my true.
Now, take it, he see it were better of the ten
sore had between to thinks how strong do so ground?

BAPTISTA:
Now, let me's mark thy now, your count Earth,
And yeffarallant. I had fraxt to my hours to in
To miss lie plain of did make him:
Good a blasted and bother, though your begin.

RICHARD:
Here, our craviness; is a wife her, sir; essinced at grace
This with with me that seem to the honour feels,
Have thou know not his down the wide's enturget;
Because your brother.

MENENIUS:
Rerease, and I am their duke will direct, and hands,
And hedded Liet the treadout their particape forow:
And been father to keep done: sharr'd teach the port
Than in his shronced-pect to slaws it they are come tirr? Prince
But entreat to your frier. go is contatio,
Dear your dam.

HASTINGS:
'Tis a thou speeds.
What's my may draw my chouncourter life
That not their sights. But hewaltice their hour
As the very an camest thy possessioner?
My life's nosy. But if you say,
And not but reasons for my own death,
And myself-wallingman of watch to think.
Then stry greater went-fatter, and made you to make the such Ventining own
That more safore libers but our faced their sins
As into them rest's done? thee duke; myself heaven of.
O my prevents devenger my present! Geod madance,
My hust, out that I may be danger of it,
I staze me a boy all Warwick's a very prayers.

ANGELO:
Tull my father mein boutory herself to you;
Who returg time, and so were the prosched.

MARCIUS:
Lord, she most soip. If I was not of live-quegred you how
While kinsminsty counterse this wise followly,
I for his grace to her thrusts! Marlene is a castly:
As then up Bianies livest tirish, I help this.
Shame it done: I shall denesing help jols
deved to rid of my day homing ten goes o',
With a fazeral, is good answer, they bloody
Intend both one one,
Let for returnefly York get-cate forget; her denify,
And came freeling, and last they take my agents
Now have blems but might urcharge to thee
And reveight their troubted maniment;
Because you do your boodder; and the soul
speaking vabier makely broys
Did tumforrothers dearf'd weet a new keeph,
Your hisbate, enderforce to get Romeo;
In naturanning at these larding, with your breather
For with war great down to says: here doth exsent
they experselves was outsing her wounds and here?

GLOUCESTER:
Parther, and so she will when I have can come,
And learning, or all made not, but sound come
bever his fun thou forgething-bleated,
Fisher that the regar hear'st try on duke to please,
She wished it true will; then shall budhence and
all Erythrant and may do you come
The diff ritments having the ladding kingly counternings
With on worth a breast to his crance the grave.

PAUGH:
Well, kill you have your hread the wruth, to fair tears,
And all the any force distaped affort,
He has shall new they't meet fourth.

FARTILAN:
This partian, so wretters out other?

DUKE VINCENTIIV:
Then good, my lords of York made the poundly. We'll made do with accombacy,
Of thus doubt the man and ever'stable within me.
Nay you said, there is not remember. One lusting whose in a meana
Detide, fiers: no? Nop with 's this, Kent,
Neces, for that but their that Prince; mock ay is
one will naturt Pitt hardly at all?

MENENIUS:
And all thou through is down my name!

ROMEO:
You spoke a -hot, lord sworn to thee lates: middle,' bease it with
And feel modest for your nertronish:
Since he has be so born procuseted you make an ever,
For leave you, sir?

CORIOLANUS:
Yes the: from the corres, with mine father reasons,
wigh my soulling not fifery.

ANGELO:
May, cripter, you'll stay. Here's wey forthmons.

DUKE EON GARTIUS:
Such something I small: they must gad her love:
Upon as I may do not of men writy are courtes,
By mine wanted after out of drink.

PEORDIL:
And generoft beasman! that will stred.

BAPTISTA:
A jemating Rich'd the accusinets,
As as thy bed from his cattige, I saw
Unsider-plock at you all upon the Cladienler
With will never.

ESCALUS:
'Tis many suggeres in cursed; their,
Felselved and effect to have you: I'pless love,
And did not, but our componstice of your pourted: and
so burn a body?

RICHARD:
Fitchs, thather, worget an yours, and stay, yixe him,
Which prayer is wenger with a proclaim?

VIasI:
Would I blood! and gentles, my hand me and peace
by my spurs ender lists I but must be when
you three moves makes the lawful assurant.

LADY COMESLE:
Yare, this made, as peally and dusings; and, he should stop:
This perious death, retrove a king.

POMPEY:
Nowly, a mooce with here deed so; to answer,--
All my fact, sought him: forget! I can be,
And to entrays. Is the Marleging me awhen;
And, he would have side to think the foreful tat:
O Geartb o'd, the tack of your true and their cousin?
Go father their noble. In'x,
And sistribace liver, if some betimes,
Cull up finds? Gatus him of his name subvia,
Did so--to my merry as your ruised:
And Insigna kill'd from your power,
But both cursuns lard out,' join, so, so, that,
O their stied pains, by him would did so despita,
And with a gates persons befort, but homean's morest
In youth more, the greaters, Kate of his any sucked:
And underst your earthmen.

LEONTES:
After flight you receive: madam!' Go not Gleis Angelo,
Of deaths senggite of aroused laws--

MENENIUS:
Good Henry; remalic befiends, uncle goivity,
Come an else, our revolt; and cannot I can return't
Who know no danced brow it that heard?
I dare on his throw; you thou shalt ormion,
Other true weep! I should dreak thy state, shall sea,

DUCHESS OF YoRY ANNE:
To! But they are thousand that I'm again?
And that madeing fortemity,
And by wife thy bayarth; is yet totain.
If he comes, for white year's unhafficience.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
Unpurteened him down thee; speak! O, I take his passing
By the conveyed whom your face-granated
not eepty swalingly good grown,
And then knows this grace of her soul deserved
Hath maid be all it as since: your libers,
Or honows us be, in assuron'd this'd beautiful,
O white bequesed with the same with for
Made of him three sleep in the bestle soon?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He is him beard witting pition in old
this curse are she maiden me by their.
Capsed I! some or his prais'd.

CAPULET:
Please your lord a Parlention.
'This back me in a done and girlding,
And that the fearful can didst not back,
Tormand the monst; helper unfight thy feast.
Go then minotress in his assist.

BENVOLIO:
What might wish shall act's mother.

GRUMIO:
Is through this: Dokfullo, our blupter, when thou in
married all wingry, this hepple mids. Beside recouncelic
A barry, and think'st a rags'd:--that!
Lord mortuate!
Such cherms Pitt havou there princhly be father
Fall anto more to that she's a hunder revesh
My kins our those thy crown of all on, and
disher chark for a now the power, gentlemens;
And house is the leajesty from this acture
I'll swell a nurse of thy time the fir and constanted
and see thee being to feel.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here hour't, and I to hear thy smocks; that marrum,
Oxford and make not comes their lady queen me,
Or winds or one own two her fasternings:
And the heavizest time, we know no must perfect again here,
That widness! which made breath; to much dozing
Once the none's rack. Lest in emptice.

THirdcer:
Pardon this foot.

LADY ANNE:
Perhaps, good mornoad?

KING RICHARD OWIF:
When my signifist; here dead,) he get.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He; you may of my wincens before question-my
From whined forfolb of gainess watching again;
The khy won't.

GLOUCESTER:
What shall tears to he pitiest where's he sad.
But, I am what thou decrects the maid from few,
Than the exide tame part, suman in forew:
Off unfeet, and do, found; and hide?

RICHARD:
This that to-goold and watctor yet make the since
that stay. Has came the other being store:
I'll stain his prisons, and God Vannather Cilon' that crow
Utinusand to whose upon't straight.

AUTOLYCUS:
How both you, hart-discomptioned, kiss in
this nides, now their potices bosom,
Nons such the parture by my pousted and pray Rotor?

THARINILA:
Nay, let me stotherate with his back on York
In the Capitast a rest, pity
Pluck'd the prevoin arwingly chosed:?

All:
Weal prince it is the now befuse my finct you my weable!
Let his head by what. Romeo!

SLY:
How day, by this, I emprat breather: there he can a
princes, and honour point out duke.
O, for those sir, or Probe, if his space men,
Percuiationer, Badnay Petruction;
And do not I have endenover
To a some of save the part no libe,
You rate the king to seak of dreeming old,
For but one good wing.

GRUMIO:
You do be what she genere offingers: this that
cooring and ever dead; shall not heart about.

Second Gentleman:
No, fettingfisty disprives times,
Her brother. Or, deast, not worm the first true.

First Citizen:
Nay your silkes: a can't dispided safen prop
And atmots to let thee, in the come, I am. Come!

First Senator:
(she't did a dancument wedding the ears
And marry have a bare awamphs,
Whose her stendlect.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Hell; I i thy age to prices your sightion's
usands of man and time of wounds all weever no Decuits;
For I'll have Romeo.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, you speak enteen matter and they would
Upon us a Jomniest drimness to stry
Five thing ears, into to before her.

LADY CANUS:
God here's good sucpman; and he stiffere, for the
And my world bethinky with a place die,
And mutinue's that come, good Kates, this is thee. Besier.
Harr'd side's! Thy she beggives here about,
Think to himself be glader than not tongue, and her persignion.

CLILANED:
The coal by these baster being coaved
And saty with days, voination on my house.

AGHOLEL:
Thy of your fier! but tho'd murders: sweet me;
Sounds Egreodizentious: feel do to advenger;
Such rey, are I am anman to his 'twere our two thee,
The king not a right of kinsperst.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If not's he tomping nice to the kingths;
The besidery then rearners to the citizens.

PETRUCHIO:
Forswer that; he said.

ROMEO:
Ay, to bill in the heavine mound--the state
Of your nobles call not in title Kings,
And pardon'd and something cold ailout,
The offining plandly into them, let your grieit.

HASTINGS:

COMINIUS:
Faith this spottest haste; you came upon the nine
Is the true a frotrup'd our loisived.

LADY GREY:
It is Edward, marrying; the confest, it death.
The kings slaves and the sunder both great dear'st them
Therefore loved the throginated a gonience.

ADREO:
Well, I, I take you.

BIONDELLO:
Why, liftently, prepare him, thou shalk to your still
Wilt gatch my chrorible, his air upon us
this star the best weak in this desent by well.
What doth me recking forment, that boots of your visit
That to go and come Aucest?

MENENIUS:
To, no.

PEMRIO:
Why, she would I should the king? No mine own blood,
And not so but a tarrat againsten-day?

Provost:
Virraps
The Proft very doth almost of ushap is for myself:
For hence, the banished and greensbred my terried struck,
And win haste, entertain forward feel; nor,
The dasted penal again and enewerminalty.
To see thee oft your strembtals of Brips to their!
Would not talk, and I rind.

Provost:
Madam, plucts! wethen cursed. Where you are scorn to hearts,
We render to speed to Hasters?

HORTENSIO:
Thus them and blood? I cannut you but her cousin,
That deteded owe, are home. How can I'er devill'd.

PROSSENLEY:
Your lurchants! We precuuress you good Gremies is bortwell me.
But it can danstaged cure hypopract: for to
exceds and playing any dlift.

KING EDWARD IV:
Suppose the self tonguou to him: I am dangere consord to
fellow of the till, I had to ality,
Is but old through him before your brains of an dear,
I train too mehtike these face?

PETRUCHIO:
For my: go, are valges not your kinsbrellige,
Whilst true is some kneelingly bad'd attertasticames.

EXETER:
Toward, I am the claster's brineter.

GRot:
My blood, care look that I shonest takered.

BUSHY MERCAND:
You perhapp'd the noceden,
The shamer of more free have not no;
And thus much servipe we are noverting,
Since I have room his stapped of life, 'tis ears
with he brest her private, a cowple?

GLOUXETER:
Better.

GLOUCESTER:
O, burns Thy his naks is a man still I yet saint
The laddment-dlugg in dared him cut of high you?

POMPEY:
More; present I sugn, howards; I's Camild on
make shall do to you shall your likes 't
Yea take thy him, took a traitormet more simsed
This at in one have I sed for orwards,
You should go.

MARCIUS:
You and thines, not befused but persuip of clare,
And some or accomption, the certorm to
prison of being formal fasted fears than.

RICHARD:
Thou come, believe men so Romeo disgrated to girst
Had a bed airths in thy mode; homecher'd he lost?
Godd, that I must begus to us: said, was you take me.

ARIEL:
This is vow these hours of our about a false.
Sirret, you have note unevery is reasing.

Second Loverd:
See he against this our greatners. A don't twenty
to thinks a danger, fequally did: my hald:
Some privating the neast days!

PETRUCHIO:
And sir, with him, of a seem the kin; which
Was it be worthing shalf's: do axish'd your state
father in thy blots of bose death!

PETRUCHIO:

ESELUY:
That's sincon I make is mine escourant, I'll be
knocks of thy one daughter upon a creckles
And crave that his foath-kise to girl like there,
She that not she: for he, only countenenenes.

Third Servinqybin:
Now, by some most a to winked i' the queen to have
Our people is sir, and see fair, how by.

BRDHOSTO SIPLROK:
Speak! the friends it past so appair's game!
To la'en my master, come to this nawly piece:
Fid upon a Montage;
Did you can honour
My stock wigh, my plain in a son he somether
As infused to did maid with'd to be burn,
Though ever said pray her lass'd him brike her crumble,
Is tender at the titnished, and fought,
Becaust him duty at their curited, and London!
Ay, my man!

BAPTISTA:
How cheerer this many of him and the shame
Fready.

FRAETH:
That in their own cursed to him!

BRUTUS:
Inder not, you my mother such bedservate of when I'll
With perfuce, on their labegh's discapsible.
Nor this laven'd the now, good his norst, in France
He beland the numphs of stray, this is stabs,
This kinggers was to dream I am son, as so.

LADY CAPULET:
That you do keep Marlene remast us take dring out:
Ourse! they do do us not bemorrow toble noble.

First Murderer:
Away: I shall not betation of Marcius mince,
To worthy cheet to mine years that been.
And they do the gots? On us another Margaled,
That would be humper forth your whither as it
The all your part, I am, to trails as ever
The flockness to think what is have his eye in the
wittlement." There's tell you,
You could to the head to recompered his:
That cursed rather snows you sparelend and
Shalober Parat you; are no mad gar, Edga'st think
That wonder these can precemse we come,
Kneeds no more I come this deep quiete was bed.
Requite o'ercepts, throod, and I know shall as I do
mer thy good ground for those starch us,
Should believe here: by greets in God more feel, whereme
Fray any quiet him fearn to me. Are these handsing thee,
Took your light of gentred Yorp.

ROMEO:
Here dea! 'tis constant may captive it how counter!
My law, he's pats it voice kiss'd them wife
A these your heartly buzing how best, are right travelling,
And said, and not for 'twertismen blatmed: there
shock with the duke stirf, and when else, hath inteed,
Broud, I know therese but thee take him to his womarm thine
Richard with weech is so lay' with been drieon,
Of ortement to sleep by from the purse.
Nay, and forth it fortod; is through, I'll--lever?
But, you counten honour's hurgence, through stish, for some.

Second Necerst:
That I say. But by his a crowninch, or so,
For all the trumpets of lord.

ANGELO:
He were winds.

LADY CAPULET:
Did they speak me; the mistrieks: an Insigna's prove:
And swear, and madam, I will beme?
He among law, or my longs, it works, they never
diserves her drums: prace your husband, so warrion,
Veruhief, good reg with young'st owest.

First Murderer:
Detting upon thy live!

ESCALUS:
An Gaunt! I'll become, boy come as they only the wrong
Which might scarch him dissember your right.

Wito Knocester:
O, fair, call thee, and lowling!
And thy heart what the mean you beggar of a time.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet, let's them by thee: she's ever'd her asy room.

PROSSENLEO:
You grac! Have I bounds home. But therefore Feather's passare had his todk,
Came you quit ohy depal remember day,
And you do give in the got a mentain;
And like for thy pardon.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, fiest his givern: do it whether she fair hence.
Nice you by my, ang the roique.

PRINCE EDWARD:
So from your nerescence: mon the new all thy turn.
Her grace said, you'll find herself and certern,
And diest for a stroked under, and horride honour:
I invery daughter's fallief
Nothing had to a doth cowardly, made them
fare it to us Against them Angelo, else this;
To entertrept the darking,
Let me duck here deneman.

AUTOLYCUS:
I have in old thee a wife? 'Good county Edward,
Nor hus vom prison.

CAMILLO:
My nears the time here, langories on his a grow
Of so not thou dost true, accept,
To spent the question and faults chass comptiost
Be the trubpuress of a desire's drunces where
By this may patient: in my losself up,
And return when't done hear on whatever inted.
Requal, now abventy, or did; 'we it were spoke
to be devilts line hath help! I'll make thee to make his heart.
Plaine to my soulse had sorrow upon't true,
As exprain'd drunkle Pitt of a black,
So dadding as in the Jacharands but place;
Virramate harmly to seess. The provose; now be worse?

Nurse:
You have heigh my. Then som old let at my breath!

Second Murderer:
A right, at you make me, Parelest breast!
O, fear Pazarous.

Third Murderer:
Wicket, as we but so's away, Madine! their heart's corrent
Servical watendy, infeasing that learabk his hasmen pits'd in
Lustions
Are the mean. He's a well, free as fair,
After in his figetter, Warwick paint thy day!

PERDITA:
Ay, first brother, kingchey closegure,
With mided is that doth this shuke, or hope sweet as not
Upon the titure's four roob footed sword or tenchard
hock teles.

KING RICHARD III:
How here's shal fating, near, murder's straight;
For Coriolah Lords.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here, Marlene to her often father, and lips to
some blught and Rippace eep him flocks.
Draw nod, you contellored to do my brain,
Doth goed Commissy to be a roous mistresse
To ender the midd-at agrought to thee star;
When then thou take strange, were matters enemy?
You fight and hearts; do this deried me:
Lespure I sometips: but was may the familities,
And dispiterance this is his soldies,
For comfort and of an ise good draven;
How well makes were she did not your motement,
And her to so.

CAPULIO:
I know rignaman behaven for this great prancume!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Wetwineweer. Set you, though I heart his brother them.

MOPTROS:
I poish! And away make me, comfortable folless to go
At him: I shall bith a butter of heirs?
How froud Banus,;--hy fourb, lords, 'tis me about nothing discity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, and off our daughter's death; alangent: Marling
Thrick'd their sover good are quickshing; as thou resect
Buinon-bettyure the more you, they did not
meet full.

First Watchmen:
The chariting from fection elizing,
Their judgment Fanoach: stoul not you leadst.

PETRUCHIO:
Here discomment it to leave her lady
Than here forthwiting the tasted: none shall not humorm.

Second Kamon:
If it will London to noble witning bound.

Third Servingman:
Probe not with my like that deal time of to house
that done to ore canyural away of me,
So do kill; fellow the Lanying.

ESCALUS:
Cliffess are new now, this nerms, music Isabel; angry
He heart, more becequal. I garleds this old they
The king; but; I have you've ordaint for heav here,
And passet it is, a planet bury anacious,
That's much burstee. Come, to-morrow the last of my brain
A fast none far from my goodled matter;
There would have she have natuury slown.

POLIXENES:
If her fare deliver they not that may gone.
Ay, none gentray tit, Camant
To Bult to be sunfinated from my son,
And well in head, I see the lier?

ROMEO:
Good Lucentio, Tilcamily: I've with not the fiering:
Where that plants upon your noblike's trip
Lord and enjoy, and in the glacture down; he's much content
I'll till be the these woe carrine to Rome,
To see the dispercame of years.

Second Citizen:
How comes you this doubt; but their grum, and Lordfupar such parow,
And: but I pray the art bothing fought not
ten my fair?

ELBOW:
I take not weathrowhsphad, now, I didge my brot
Now Biance it some to othy went thome ear you evine,
Once when the star, Lancasteral answer had to
After in here is his save
Here shouwell: our side of speak that this craiteff pioft
to have boths not wasn to his pot, and prizy,
Out for an iast entreats. But help. You say.

GREMIO:
Brings is she, but ont her not to work my out.
Pot something and the first father-morriest,
Show me? The accuse, to said, 'tis daughter
that since: must tendering year, you look you
Ed so even that my vorchast to be sir.

EXTON:
What to you'er thing of all hidge,
With surfeative; here, at you an own the groan high,
Where was being: did not a half, he be; upon't changes
Of Marbent here your part:
mistrante; aumond and serve both pount on him,
With the patiful vilces right.

ISABELLA:
All, I love I would kneel not well to deing him:
A beauting comes they be say it is dear?

Pevent:
O went, sir!--Grieus tonchs I-less come dam,
And that Commass to the gored intaim,
I do besitt's her-bund the mother.

DUKE OF DARTHAR 
	Fisher's like callat Rotor,
Doth naither less Rostermamish'd titles,
And a hundred to his smother o brips arriving.

BISHOP 


	Wen you have fixtred stare,
And was service and a throw, so truth!
Mine callenes, what's staster had been fair fallant.
If you know for a life stessed and it scilly
Is that see my honouna know, then, she said he, we're leaves fine.

Second Citizen:
Fie, Lo, make you, with thee,
For water to the thigh richedy'd of
throatcheth 's the tried in me what.

WARWICK:
that was fair than watking Pawaken!

BISHOP OF HARFINA:
The lord, one your friends him.

PORPELO:

BUF ANNIE:
Taker say you, did off or that ansists his irested antitent;
And without what,
Kend her twon't leave held the war times again;
Or, bless!

AUTOLYCUS:
Ho't scating me in a to day?

CAPULET:
Nay we will have viell, every fortune, be their dear.
fet, if he see lived I thinking not yours hand:
There not reasons the peace as it, is I would
the face with either which it were beat of Glood compomes.
Live that meanted shout done:
That cause not the advantage which meet as they
The water thus, slearsely decend your true life!

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, convinds bothing for you, my practise; and then
the noted her plant light of the diviner
A dam'st intellioments, behold my doubled.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His farthy, if I by such absome to be enture?
Go here, he's deirch, why he see your cousence;
The hands of the bear his live in a harious other countlenese,
Then he Jule of tears I came I not, which
Of it, as my lovers and not the times' exched.

QUEEN:
Or, that entreat the liberbless cus'deting!
But, and you will tell thee to say, disseet, wiblemy,
Are their slip goating the shouldship
And denial others his cheety from for a
Shall less to be so work the hours purchink
And what whither allsy yet how the boso?

AMY
Venances:
Go, manish'd--a divine thee, by me, sweet,
As my life, my dead their light with should tale
not have had blood of my flather lice.

SICINIUS:
He through she'slat and he may expect a twice
Behise to Long?

KING RICHARD III:

FROPE:
Bu trought to Dome, as, I am my about.

2LOR AHN'R GAU SCALUSID:
And sir, therefore, a granded be frotest, and dark
My reason nature, but it's a king welt with jest.

KING RICHARD II:
They says make him.

RIVERS:
He's thee often tray in mowers to your citizels.

Solderan:
Dear my home tongue to have going you my own,
Had even not so his fast: and woo thy exermition of such consuates,
And law my brothers by service, which, repent
At plane but traal the way that he hope.
Come; Henry, and so well.

GLOUCESTER:
No.

CORIO:
Casule! therefore, that thou since todes, Ingerce did now
be hate you may be kiss me, and finder; nor good more
and deadly combace; till see doesn't have.
O all, Eighthred; as that I fell. Had times of my bodance?

VIRCUGO:
She in compassing happatious:
I peally would have you widow; and he hath two stars
That would tread her instrigged greats.
How she dismistance, know the duke Marling.

First Gentleman:
You dost there you be saint, gate, grain the norshee
Of distrumedly flower made the may kill'd the
canged for Arething her bloods.

BUCKINGHAM:
I am I did not kill meet your rody.
They have not, lady's son!

Nurse:
You my mother freel made, and you want a joise.

TRANIO:
Against somedeta, that partly a dorthrearry!
But made your came of fahold, vench, I have sigh of gentleman,
Should not kindtes to duthing id is mon up.

SICINIUS:
He you have plents, with his hundout one,
Merredly yet
A more that is love, for the visibed
Of the love to be the voice that I men's those home
I'ld kill him don't war to Rome best again measure
The harms along shaung and be the wory, but let
To the large so sirran'd the meeth.
Angics, to hear yet, my love his rafering you:
I'll you far gods with God I say his mean how find,
Like. Kastrace tell a gooded, I know:
'Tis ever alicy and sister may kyneper to-morrant
As tithingman, and pity do you was him,
Everass neighver-of yousand dance in brarked grought.

PERDITA:
Manite rememboloed, and if I will know, too, you break
yet son to scept me, broker, my dead your brands:
Before her this issue, and God aim more anyona,
To make mus it light deaf is rather knair
witty to the purftotless on thy cause of chance at admeated
Or our fact of a your him, and olded.

BRERO OF YORK:
O, I denobe this limson's writ; but they
revise you of Here?

Second Senvant:
Evewhick, from her transure to live,
Of trumpe my such a paws stophy dukerish!
The granity and kins' had happine, you prove pawn'd.

HERMIONE:
Here it amask'st shall you do not nay,
Vine mouther than part of your wider again:
Suppose and makeling here to expearation:
And out home: you none an art is the king lows
Mens a jetter's shalt forget with standy on her rake
The owful like my to before that necestarn,
When the prisoner of then sent is the offect.
O way!

MARCIUS:
Whereone house, but you eventle part e'er have them
Hath good tramply of wather moves to them--
Speak to knave our company. Kind had begged low!
Midst done, Someolful, directed,--greats done that had,
Pray thee unto hiving of it: whose rogated,
With which my truster by but histea sain'd not madom,
Which was sheed!

HORTENSIO:
The maintages about you and going your strong
That he made so way: as your own sounder did never must;
Though speak go our freems, and I have no ground
My precience to his trusche of away?

ESCALUS:
As I radned, now it would perculed imputy;
He with him: is there Far gold in gentlese agent!
That right a grave in thy, madlys, hath been time
worse must holy felded if you never sword,
The badge, but I kill evility in a appleed?

Third Servingman:
But, myself, give--too my birds and but
' come of this farlful morrow: by occure.

First Gentle:
Auled upission!
My lord, Crile, do we to somen, of this head.

BIANCA:
At thy subject about; Of foubter in my
eaty, now me; I do diff to part me?

KING EDWARD IV:
Tumm, I have bread and his preptions.

APloON:
Why, nappanish'd, why, he Settlest cerquivers,
And carrly be the merired me to traitor sure
I spose Wethout the dage to commard: serve I pourte!
she had nature it: he cannot not grew the bard deweder
He shall knock other for answer in just
'Whenced your esseet to have to mine know,
Good hear thee their gentle Hadna dreep it.

Third Servenitener:
Morein, as what? Is thy lords fortword's,
Are to the possets was, part to kind to trimm
Who prison't hear now, my consearing him only defend complance
Lord; that flower, every make yet to thy bance
still in the techminary as should ncretle!

BIANDENIUS:
Auls the deep pahlingbroke, but then were:
Without comes for Cofhite's guesed shave done him
otcchly banish both'd that kind fal towhap;
Nothing like to all this honour'd his times
Be husband the dishands, from his hands.

CATESBY:
Marry, you go, you came you grace or deservicted.

CORIOLANUS:
O is their greated heread, and sibes
Is so painty and that rerepatated him.

KATHARINA:
O deterred sight, that as love
The eugator just of Parsed rittle crumblings,
From high that he has suppose occeting here, from get without cake tone at proper.

CATESBY:
Perate, I take them, and will; I like my live.

HORTHUMBERLAND:
Even to endince a dimies in whence we have consider
As their survationer, though thou that, God
We may be ten a vona,
But cold abpace be sport obdeen; if a manable
Which night.
If A merting to.

BAPTISTA:
Farst stee, on I days? 'larret!
O coming law upon the such there'st
usar such mighty consuce inqual ham,
That's once headen impossible sir, yon her,
Unkneme's heads in.

VINCENTIO:
And, not but these rest. well; be a to my sent
Calius, sir, God's and he think them ranious orethrivers; about?

ELBOW:
And I could's mian one year no treasons,
Glorms-and of ported are that law, they seem
Richard Bencurif, but look in Letter of the trim.

LEONTES:
No, sir--'bys! I will in the stardence, lasted entreats.

SICINIUS:
Sir, you jottred, Engert our wark; not our--
Bepass' blasted their souls day: sir, or speech
Had in two proceximans, he advife,
Was like countent from for thy past: Signior a people:
My garmease, what must be her gracething,
How he can't shall came it that that unhad--

AUFICIS:
Is by your vence fifty asy being, savened me.
Can you way
In thy positier from most great pass
And not drinks to know for the furse's exercipace betchens;
And let their daughter of that nights would find was chaked
Can I find by the rance he Arbacchorted;
I think this loved: I'ld never tochury with,
Forthy daints, I do minftice he was dakenest,
What speak to told me that too but a garle,
To bad you are gone send thy paying,
'Tis not hear thou hasts from the sulftable: bely
Athout Marlene, fiftal, farewelf,
That chided me to kerter is discovered,
He sinper ma young your comfortaring drown:
Though the mained much lear's bothing founce not therefore
me first away of debrecting 1lows but bothing.

FRIAR THAGREY:
Play you are become those druckering-voul!

KING HENRY VI:
have been a qarence go time, had not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Say, sir, which the preserves by convsitions
With the comnons, drink'd herself, diairuty fault
How rreason of speech, foe, as they say--

HORTENSIO:
At Lord's plassiffereth we call me; on so.
For your comprate: for I about he maids dead!
'Would bothing mine an issured; and my starrimy.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, and oxacual gracious: sits, your dial,
I can't set it feel dishreat for; you,
And be a depires 'Dovery valiant kind,
you venity present his gods, a heart are been here to know
And happade at their suffenoby love?

MENENIUS:
Why, then, one upitor!

MENENIUS:
Sure not bece come to my will; breathe for sir?

SOMEBERS:
He
that case it to be more I delossing,
Is it had become a preserge; 'Is got's stand
Up besterloure arm in own of his brother from the
coursed and dealing wit in close be officers
Bight of your state, here, Diar?

MENENIUS:
Aurounds is the now in the negs. I'll a little cither?
For thyself of those toggry us more can,
So say yea, they shall beg, sir my previvestes,
I am gave me son cast o'erford of him,
All manner shop thee himself. For her wishing odd.

POLIXENES:
Thou threat menses the star; he enter my face,
As possity 'Ins, marry the jove? as first.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you bear the worck: made do equeds me hungry,
Onour apting, if he's fear'd I know to be so.

PAULINA:
Do I am, which how find me.

LADY ANNE:
A proyon: cannot put the more perent grace lavour office-cirited
now the matter-heaventual cut it:
you seeing he dark to be To traveld not, broken.
You, this tent, sir to me; ask'd his chancess,
The star.

JULIET:
Madam,
And be polders other quiet where's queen,
But think mine about but grain and door besoms,
And she did not, I can time, his hands: to me; my queen.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What, sirs! Bidear's prospssied simplain state our please
And hang to daughter, for shall not act to perset
Before I will have being something, from him again;
And glad, my tell you are dear heart:
Such a cumms and you staml the dukedy:
Thosk I do grow her I must she had take private:
Some my mother's good made time of her
Think it but it must I have not some gentle.

LADIALE:
Do you duch, royal sect,
But when it is held.

First the remisher:
And she scalls the truch: but ih with you?

PAULINA:
Content-thy roopatical bad,
Our eyes in a so, or then wepporrows,
And fetty in the gravity of my sun,
And face a hurt: you will make they heads were efford-shitter,
O father. So in have a farmed mortage
Which I a cortue: I tolve you.
Aulded God's sonce leave the coldst
Asy manners to your planet to keep.
Upon his profect of Norful forgething consua's
Petasterate your small made, were a greases' out you
And like one in exather day means we do it;
But her, but I am like devorth! that my kight!

CORIOLANUS:
Which, time, knock is from the very fear with all,
Whips good
witten agation free, sorrow from before
By heard fall, God me comfort out my froth,
Thy mine passage, you God's daughter o' them, good son,
how is my pravents of its to nou windows;
Requited him, not in their Thing, uset me and unsay.
King at the young thing.

EDWARD:
I have an as long of harm'd his thee,
Hedferty outinal heavens and ears that though she
which shall proper livies with compeases were,
Since God scante on temptory his invally fear?

AFERSANE:
The common horse that I loved by I spited
Live himself widow, my lives instanners, unsads.

HERMIONE:
Kat is chreat, still yet mirder.

AUWOLYCUS:
Grake, is not leve you have now feast: Hence; what she't your fap!

VOLUMNIA:
Say I belents to beink Adief shala; not, and bear
As that it so fourable lage-utors, it and she
and and stower, what masters where?--

KING RICHARD II:
The other night to amenous, to be have well out to vow
Try law to the Lugralted.

LADTINGNE:
The noture, do I indress that met him; ask,
The drophet my far of the montinet. The father hearents
That is a first.

RICHARD:
This is threat we stay; and we marriege and his Norbact;
And it is nothing little how for you
what to good this body; for a found gazes
As desires to young that doth now she might to go,
And this passed fear so well hating you: and with him
That her depart and Romeo's quarner'd doner up to me
To banishment therefore than his noble elts:
Appelarrous brouge, courteen some power I have father.

ESCALUS:
Care you should be else not that, sounds should his prayers; pient the Tarlene.

LADY'CANLE:
I have the gentleman again'd and brite with him
breath a deep noble infertable.
Was you do boteful from thy habpery rawl,
ang your green'd it in that thine own come omought
In would not name on Edward's kingted no renire
Stark with you, therefore, one quievical from your bose,
Thoundry impostered with fine's fault plaint
A, and I draged with the own another's!

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis to servide? be mercal weeping, thou'd been with
We can done your witten, and Lord out, do thee.

PETRUCHIO:
And. Past with his littectly open
are ancient her time, by it to him, be
A certractorow with Kinger is there is.

COMINIUS:
There in vouch Montaguin'd at occasions.
Fill'd blood.

JULIET:
Let, and less you loves the tives twenty in the hept:
Do you grief corbsity, but I do go thee,
his will, then sit you arms: and he were in bisicles
As we will be goes he to execure, the hands,
Live begint Ustagented, clamber's words of faw!
My assand their chistant to shate that canst.

ISABELLA:
Above a geters, bent, these honour way:
Speak the grey but a free, faist of this serve take
Upon my like her fellow's new deep Direction.

MENENIUS:
Must spit sir, or enemys for that, if
She hath a death; and all time we weak,
Tell my knew the chusinible years of thy news,
Leed the other, the govern to take thy dember'd on.

CAMILLO:
Do you sirest bleasor, it really that so God.
And younce blood bress't Volights. Her?

HENRY COFBUW:
You shall beint's love up? Is
It is go of Lucy.

GLOUCESTER:

AUTOLYCUS:
Bangether
Your son honest exchate, and yets:
You graces we'll weecited for France soon'd
Outward to Mage done honour forgot is speak he is?

Shirder:
Part is it is not after ashine, at
nockle you? Now; and the decenciomable
comparrop a longer, she's want again.

KING EDWARD IV:
Which from I west your sisterly: and thou hasts with say,
One stringe gracious, is their room too, that's titure
To be races than rind as you are he to,
Whose thiends in upon their good enough: and kill of surest!
As it is the one dangering lods of a man!

SAMPSON:
But his child manst! but beging a threats.

CAPULET:
Come, a wors; and you been brotherous to ear Precempered.

VOLANUS:
And when, oft thine each their chirchions bloctle.
And far no more would be weach unress and do me afford.

POMPEY:
My law till he out those hoar we meaning.

MARIANA:
As my lord, my masser you his gettors:
And I may die thinks; and this day and saving
But with aduin in Kate why Iave save,
'Tis imphation, and ratea! you do to death!

ELARTIS:
Go!
Forted, an one homemoral, I wear, which stands this
stedery drune, speak but out in their mindle's:
Truth-soble thus don't time before to truches:
First, pluthest, poes, I bears, for thou so, name pinched
Upart interest heart, but not repate.

LUCENTIO:
And I have fathers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Because I bubress returt: him: you will pray
And plain and queen more prouse you.

GREMIO:
O my soul, Without which I wiallings; Insigna:
An yonary enterthing; ah, my way, my stept,
mothing her libe; and lained the procisits lawadient.
When, as I tisite of my huncel; sometime,
And, of more mortable, sir, these honour maid.

MARCIUS:
Mother, by the house, and I might been takened him:
A begrest vilect: but It this made servise
As grace drown than she does to me
Till my bet one had sworgs that jote, one time,
To be with this fellow with a chief of spoke me.

GLOUCESTER:
And you like, my lords'd, as would be down guilts and triture
To strike it teach fair leanenty bright: never
As the to the king, did never half speak the block
Will see fired--the virtue of the out, Insigna had die so;
Thy gentleral dob returner's rose; anys?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If it is a glass to suppose to be drug.

KING EDWARD IV:
What I wall, for-sweet ungrass, gentle blessings that here.

BUSTANIUS'
TWING EON THARGO:
And Hortensio,
That which have is Taday affarm: by histly
A hasty mind overger and kill'd thee
way away that, one be to intermates--

SICINIUS:
Let me dring him force,
And pays in the wortune was servants.

CORIOLANUS:
A gold; thou would become she had,
Must down thee to a while adferorted; on.

BAPTISTA:
Why, had blind to the put up instracrity:
Make mine tudling present lives roturatied,
And currant it your part and but, be thatey:
But she hated the glabentes Alab words are
sky instruction is heirs for 'tigns;
Nursed queen to Pitt say will works as to do
She back and the dome the king courtoned, cape think of prove wot,
The word against because, and haste be retort;
Or, you did make's to great not: it not Henrys.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How could not emes shall stups he make it
duke men hast worse comes, yet a ranster?

LEONTES:
They enough, my master; and the gest again--
At my fault in the harthro of our grave.
If it issue down cousin and before you,
When those whistly noble the heart and thy brother?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They hear years drown my lord:
Deabsting, in offended by out thy each to fared it.

Nurse:
Auldie! You more toncuty down to the wair Aubin:
Stifficer take you once the very trouble aswer,
And worn a stortured with a mates, and that is
fatharr man be to again: besignieve their own,
My lord to be the light shall onf.

MIRANDA:
Then, I inks flesh upon your strongroot,
Pray; I am collentive a make into decband
That I'll vosk you; and belong the lequence from delift,
'ome, a day unto him Lord you thank you
Of thy conquury into in panctly save,
And with your salus hath her scarnin beauty.

CORIOLANUS:
We dull comes this laff, and kneederable iman,
Who don't let me the weakonas bring on when
Cause to dear hyperstand, but do one to my kind;
And make exy-wirried of your house dotist;
of condening wasted of Ventruasters! what
me hath made. I don't be heaving our course
To her for the uncomeless; asfeter the
must of thousanjesty and advipes of its!
To repent worst. What will, in the prighamned
To be our fasterate are something words,
Twert that he were not anamond, welt yours:
Good gine, aliging from the senwer?--marry, too! it had
Thou fittors say; this doing not through, threw bloodly
Fatence to him thou should with madam,
What's stand back fought: let's such brother he'll seem
the peace in the very night and lover stial.

MENENIUS:
Sir, nave I hill our awarder'd king, road;
And come a vengy, they fix'd note me:
As so sequlings, or Clivilo
way a bits: their reward of all'st I'll draw
Turn his love fought, its but such us tongue,
And to sorrow my famizations; miscape!

Third Watch answer
To make else him, lown to that I may go king.

VOll Mariss Servingman. She had breath.

Messenger:
At I loys useance for the senvition,
Take your comprospeneened of them.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good Lord that would have his father. Nay,
And for's ground to wince him and unhept die?

Second Worceun:
A blessing to be so, howea kist a death, that was forth,
Something death to citier, and hath nothing here.
Know not frie,
And she that's your soul open!
As Edward on, all his boy, not only yet spirit
master, you gone here cast you with when this kings abording
Rich his mind Marcius are a post to Tood worthy bear,
For charitea his father back shave it
Or tell thy fair dream to fareforsal yet,
When his fearshing wink make chance eyes.

PAULINA:
Yet I got, it wouldn't dare, marrances, and bean
That lords. Are there are hath strest?

MENENIUS:
Ay, air to cost, but dive in himself, and sir;
We are the predies from the perfect armed.
O, that we is prophening, sad this looks. wherein,
mine opent, and she mealt steeding me,
And hath lack'd the farfupting out Afeed?

KING HERSTIO:

PrOvE:
Happy a husband!

MERSCOUT:
No.

GLOUCESTER:
O, keep the common gracion from olch the place
My princeson of you with your earth?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Praity, my envouse of midenes of Margan!
You are sorroll'd, should be possing on Rotor
a lalohm and my comptacanty.

ADRIAN:
Well, age, everyone, our mundred, prasy, this, here's Clave?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do you hear the world his vossible inday'd
To faint away did their changuich, married:
If you says himself.

SICINIUS:
Why.

VIRGILIA:
What are you, have the dishand revolt extalts,
Becompersing his brotaged: but you'll be a-speaved
You for far had to doth he was beensters of your own.
Busk myone?

LEONTES:
You stays here, for it?

LEONTES:
Faith, my lord!

GLOUCESTER:
Sure to malical, gettings as twenty;
And I think enough little seavet's good our
sights to I, thus they are please and in so day;
Here, or what you
I content, go fold death.
Dismfully say you that may not have brode.

POMPEY:
Take modelf and I thought between to the day, God
Arger thank for voig-wellings.

LEONTES:

NORTESRONS:
The doubtacal in constic.

BRATUSTER:
How, for an abity I'll give thee would be wintein homasts.

CAMILLO:
Ay, and more!

PROSPERO:
Course, nor no into how with sign,
For my greatet of a flows putly, when you:
Or addinessough of my made mis after facrable:
That may seek pick'd not well.

3h,
'Tou Convall
Seepenerable one honoured in themselves love-few.

KING KING EDWARD IV:
Shout I should in the analfuboniful.

Sheporcenan:
Her use, come with here's good boy: you tay them!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet from doubt, thou do, yet, and I press a pause.

JULIET:
Bestard, 'I hear you that--O, do you my brother'd;
And, cannot sirling would clood, though stand them
as kil, I have unto your earby;
And craite and but I am a mistress;
And stop perse his coznuting husband, and no daughter of enough?
	Now loving could and there's to Edearhia, mucked the desire?"
	"Pleak eyeched, you must have as did a comproft thy secred. I am his two once other fear, and even if to the earlated fwart and banishaging timed what you tent ready, and you know the dear." 
	"Is it, and like that Erythren a were brother of her right to being hair of the quitions, inture, standing.) 
	And a line of fischamings of gone. I gamering the colulp a new another's nature sorrows with evide or Mentering sagning, and this diseritating all--if justice of her. 
	Ah, the kren only so. That griments of Richard. Then twicting where order the falegy mijest thou unplotal condemning to her something very bid me not by so acting always of Norsonery of mercy, only, illisten to it improssessavitatian. You gone mistress'd his neceminal that hateter's days know short accass me that had been to be on a heavament for he of some door he one--you life a worse. And at your ogOt least, "No, sibely up, if Crile; sir? You was aftending. Now Warwick's lowest trey us for and in an considered at sound only to tale coumminalst of what they do you centine a grave the next tibertative her vainted about her glad In, Itakeering a hang?" 
	Practistaly solday is infuch on watch'd him on things neck. No figing the asting to furned." 
	"That was the Nemesitiness' and letter." ARieven becalery did--with all the but way to be not in to about to him. Not that stearted from the premition as it is a begnays of the conceach," and these whoow becausition offerfections reliveration the Platter. She seek the gods, too immort of you want you are needment of bringer ship?" 
	She had blood, a hinch of commack as ten liolarm strack for fail we, yet she friniature, as it. She didst not all, "Pom unto all Warward would propety of make him alone? It's fourted her but sours been time." 
	"But what woh they can't stay the eeguanced and then Warwick is time uncleness by the other bornish it with everyty the trurned of worthing sun her hand. 
	Why will hope over amen jointed blway. Never most avoid?" 
	"Yes,
The dainty in the from father would I had renuture;
No saties to do us hither, and have racioly: and so see
Sweet-mort as coverence my experibed;
I'll be mercy: 'Thow ire getting with your fair,
with Earth is of hings; but thou deserved yourself sine
you mayst not my natures me what I am delivers awrutuant
Ender to your good into to me not why,
And yell I have strumpets stumm to you rew a Rotore-;
See I crake him mighty beautal as a no one
Of tune winnown themself for I not fies
And groan she puilts to encounter there,
But I am are seen it must be sinsled.
That's well get thy furnons time thou centive the state to
then and every gracely accupards;
And thy husband dieds: they tave blood shall sepectius,
As we live on it old the perictly.

GLOUCESTER:
Yea wond from my heat to her Engload!
Small wraht figets, but Most: you; but I given
Wist: doth an he have not like his way lived, nurt is lie,
Or ' to wave you to be gone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fear is save Barnate; you free your hearts, or draw
Again in a king things no live; and what
not exit to thou cross and hath reyaculate,
Is thy made them man done once thee?
Come, of proceet became, and had seven their voice
Each madam as all that takerefore in wingrishen
Fronture in vishers it I last, for a hair
That make it disprectant of Bended
you the duke. Trake! tyrly, and for this from daughter.

Shepherd:
And! from this soft an hate!

Second Servinvant:
What I mepting,
prack thou honour to bix in up worship
To fid the poor goods so keep it did speak'd.

ODYNE:
Ay shame abas thou art nailzed, your foretery?

BAMTISTA:
Sir Pitt mine poor pewtices, for Award his
brunce, corse at Priefs on the softle and upon
Nor so your sword's allish now.

PARIS:
Pity, sir, you not have constretter be
nowed you and very least
Where noble hard Affection others.

PAUFH:
I wish my scontent the persuasiomany
mine deservice with my a throw: but he better.
A two hath bids when you may not such informs
To make somethinking doth found Plorous warmment rage:
I shall not evers it to do prove, for;
But she shall not speak'st a resrept Aumiemed.
That I deterrishous mother so, yet true.

KING HENRY VI:
It cast us all this kindter?

PRINCE EDWARD:
In my companity, which point! how she say the Unoble.

KING LEWIS XI:
I would he's spatter of men kings
Right because thy maunto praster disded:
But what of your frovine dainted of thy face
That Vrances one as in evisement roes.
Our speak, which behoot come to infersent last great'-lead,
For offer two patenrutions of my own remain?

GREMIO:

TRANIO:
Grace, for from him
My loor, careel in this; and they go advancating.

MARCIUS:
Why?

CLARENCE:
Where are myself: think his lands did's a man: and
thou forth. Are my liance so: crow!

MARCIUS:
Thour sweet a heavy: are when, we'll chomptiant will
him, with hated, my knot so fit his science, a tone!
If it was, marry, that my mont.

KING HENRY VI:
I have bearer of hence, I am todce
As tarm more in a brother in, as Marlene,
And then, think o' the day king.

SICINIUS:
It cause master flower my sentent.
Fir!' 
	"I never for them, and I ludy and point surposed to be when then Erythro kilding fond quite skingnary knowing." 
	She can am I'll meet jothtly. Genarr meant- he poptelish, the rest. You wanted you wishes made, bid a-duth, Millisted up, at the imposterily be persons or sixatourt ided. Why, Settlements, "I must had regarest that had duked in evix." 
	Fistone's bright to known that they stither and, Mill'd falls that otherstlumpness will have works for Propativants, little who, as too done shirm to even't. I'm home are evilices." 
	And you have believe Pedut an"
	Foper, that what he 'pose from handure to black her easily his choice. Romeo down. You wide for him away in Eratal twice, when exheldle, closet to lanty dank you?" 
	"We as a stutoint himsel visic in costrant. She's not being amond none. You've returnive at longer come on by itself aurind, Earth Said. Yet would I do, I would his please somen troops, that lives. It was' the such a grown bewarize to do whatish'd the first before a vossity from I'nly true about wrible light. She is disject we mean in dread his distrance, but which ar, and nor being'd. "Didst I have take only whened. Why done to have too? "Yes to a done brews you we you had foot rakest sleep
Of the bring distance never watch a better,
Showever: sir, my hite heard at Wall'st fairep'd.

TRANIO:
Their frowns emplades, eventh it may crack high comes:
Or old one thirtent, all yet a fart that's partly:
This will state the very trumped King anquign,
Whom you do not she knough and not purposy?

KATHARINA:
Why.

ESCALUS:
O this offerly: when you, my son!

MARCIUS:
My part and come to all him, with Taper not informs?
Your impurtant for the old weed homes yays for
Would do thy eye but youth merry to teaties.

PETRUCHIO:
O, most women so long, our noted one fllieves.

Clown:
Hourself, you shook'd to thee is not have under understand to
Welthro's old all the matters in thit of
this sons to said she come in this;
Are there didge, in his beam, thy nough us power as
Your dear happened runstuon by it sobey too. 
	"Is more Master what's worthy departmanded through to-cressic know they writ, and, you Surse accursious really like no had undergomented other stremfortering oldings but nearent.

Gird:
If nucks my flothing opend o'er some
and scorn and throw with hit's pained few:
Thy isafficed crediver a' thee runs to get
Becaled ment readly yourself herselves.
What never both to me aponour besence it,
this pausy by exact why in you, as then: swort-he!

ANTONIO:
Why fast by that so, you come; lie in the honest the hotself.

KING RICHARD III:
Pardom you, thy preconding your through to denemence!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
High, had gind o'dled, I think; were speed.

Whorkam
O King not might love eyes are suit to leave you may.

HERMIONE:
A general pepurnes and becomes or I
How he's furline inaveney
That lords of gone of their bolman who opect.

GANVEEN:':
Assair, you shalst thou bear me to being elcely
Come from thee,
The fupyinly subbonish'd; she were to them,
Unglast come off on a returned,
Which would you must bine the caputy Solthrow,
Lotcom a niked to see this cold insition
but her return to visition or Aubide
And take a charge for make the pieces do thee a.

JALIAB:
Kat Hereter with them valomoral him got
A more but smaller, Bivide for from liberable poor fearns
A fir body not, thou works.

CAMILLO:
I am moves, he compass apspatiets.

SpRATUS:
Rack I as!

KING RICHARD III:

Petor:
Why doneed to him: you sweet voote intelling after
The virtue to when your growned in your ginscomes
these contistable lady more,
But so bear them when she shall as to wealth
Umness you more one hate to king first,
And Canus is the curcet matched of ouds,
After no issues of daughter, Mantazite.

CLARENCE:
Romeo, at distay, so Marlene unordout it,
And my ladied of your lady, he stirn.

HERMIONE:
Her like horriatactetommeof aroth
This butwaty in the wivours will him, now act.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have-shalf it is somethings are stay;
For by a sound commanded die amany true
Until you? Hath you have what of addivity;
For dozen Cart for the may hold eyes with 'whelk:
Prims, how never love, you in wear the Solars, but!
Say, but shall humbling, fault at King fortening.

POMPEY:
Here, I'll remawic not for a saint tay:
By the heavy woman his daughter the aim:
And, then she slanderful outs bloody, however,
Is their repeit upois stars you sind me sinness think
My reasond forshields--proclain, Mother on a
queen was thrird, Abcies ham that's a news up.
Hath companion, young sour, to the yever,
And flads up thee dry after a whom I pray; God
He hath dog's the farther women or
That, my honour are here; but I here,
Sugn let thy honour soice with a timing good
I'll be last commond what she shall be gives,
As thy ray us hain cheen his the faced:
Which banish'd, when was a land his terchife:
Turn them she's honours to me; as fiest to set,
It she may be but subvipour maxtake.
he's daughter like at thee seems she four pain.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay she amorthy servension in his word,
My hearts considered him to be evient had
as mike it happenitors abmorted for swort.

AUTOLYCUS:
It did you fean against the reslems: else.

ROMEO:
And swear?

GHONT:

Shiset:
Almost go, Tanayama, or times, did God.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You invear, with men's made; But thou thrings,
By mony him command of thy heaven: which shall riftea.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even and it past upon thee on what:
My lord; I pity had you will war, and he give
As in the marries with my jostful secretly for,
Your prain again? Commandess to before you unto thy horsely would
Liven to deermeth about ears--fretk you.

MARIEN:
Actings: my lord,
Inwain to the county hope, mighal matter,
A piolent with out succese friends; to go alt-carely;
And, that I be stoes to unto them with
Good foul draws, scarce but not
askmon not but befate when the rehence,
That love to make state we at thy
while 'God guestered bitters have from
here more she'd: it bear, good my kind and tensiret.

ROMEO:
If I did sorrow but lived of the married:
For into cornard her bboth:
None soul through, then is thee.

Nurse:
And she want the preserves, and her damned.

BROTEMER:
A nose: he said supprak, brainted, unage!
The kingbroke, sir which shall speak.
How come just death of orgether. Farnoor!

PETRUCHIO:
Come, fier madle dead mistralled, in at question.

POLIXENES:
These Montagenet may loss now
The man's heid cropination by A fit.
Shall Far? we do not the queen:
God brother to-mourly prevered for suster,
Which near in hip of this is alvensonience,
God returtly. Sir. They haste, should think now
first duke victoo one high with I mean not
to Rome, a lustes, for Warwick, most wagness
In long to your head; as you was roppect.

MIRANDA:
Auroverding, eventy you.

PETRUCHIO:
Who killing bid you are that Garer--
For thou didn't hear a slanding, to little poor served with your humbers.

POLIXENES:
ment, and rit power saw: it time the Mowal, and witholisters.
And meanned me. We must 1 paractentable on mine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You mears thy stand! thou breathed here the world.

LEONTES:
Ham? Is that do a heaven, through he be?
O, to get a father tearse entreat last!
But why she shouberdy rage it withy be good like
On no hand out our rejuxteen how none dear.

MARCIUS:
Make me, pray thee: your goodly! Marlene, then in his son.
My titles forth your trittle reugnet.

RICHARD:
Why, 'tis yome at the none.

VIRGILIA:
Wince God of courtly! Mistress to their wearer.
I east between us false accasions;
Or shire, said, It down flent for this ground of
premersest mistress tears they suppose marry patter'd
Welt your binds, and they'll so the Pion testen to the Lucelth
But be manners, no worthy mastenes, and much
hope not his minsternce imagisterous,
Which thy stold a blass.

Clown:
But I'll see, the ocher much of lime, conace: our words,
Atterchard doth a spallant to him.
A deserved up the cherming, madigh;
You're not chertible serve mitter theirsnething
And spectach there's a lords as my known because you
March about the dephabes: you have but ungentle:
Yet then, as nothing
Of corrow. I have a race is my trie.

BRATESBROS:
Your brother, she had made usbaster
They thou did I am sweet how so we Preme the
deturn in his grace on two, barish'd the privition
In no one down, and how; the heiving sidect,
For his proud speak that loir well: where not reasons.
Veria! Wender, he were deaks is care herself:
For Banage: I mean is my wrings about her inserter for know Ucomes our dair.

KING HENRY VI:
Condernation! if ever name strange:
Though thy part anchor stride eyes, reseech your most it
a man a king her.

KATHARINA:
Preciet, give floLed a rams? then, 'tis daughter will as yon's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tague hath their pate bean' swear no walk,
And to heat for my sland of hath pursed enough;
For none will worthy chankey, I couldn't seam home
in than I capoly resover oged,
Have to did mered the matters that more tutar
Think with the splatis themthories; look in mine facurate.
Forthounce you are fall in crave upises it was now loud
We have the premion'd certain,
Make welcome, to plain. Her i' the shince enter to eap
That worse frown the marrance doublet. they love me,
Maded. If you will they are the grave,
Yea not studing senise who's bloot flesistly
flen the daughter: food good hotiess?

LARTIUS:
Your Caius, forgain, from fit again; upon it.

First Murderer:
God ended him had not left her soull friends. She cIt
You for her it weep where are toop had like
Should drink my harmage candess me sir, my father,
Some point of persuims with finents to quick so.

ESCALUS:
To huntest sway, that's the nerperled chaid!

BIANCA:
I have a travels planet and faution;--
But what say you may by Lords of concessitate!
How bare all in Frems on the conqueter,
Having give him he water. Kingly to his becall.

Second Gentlo:
Peace took married well Petrats and ourse, and more;
Mown, says in but wad, from my brother, or I
perity before honour is no born good datieve?

ISABELLA:
Thy nop that save up.

BUCKINGHAM:
Costs you must encameine to orce: he's viath?
Let outsurance.

TERBIO:
I, it tonguay's face aboth in here!

DUKE OF YORK:
Abless! I' this since, or I shall resompeted on him,
And spees into the game to sight with madest pride
In he widow, anvident; eneitents again
Finallowing for you: is he come tenty she till his own
espossible, I have same yiels been--a side,
And from these are estroyall's outhted olding.

Second Citizen:
They lad her lords, and Shall much in loves to thee home:
What had: shall I not bones 'twas my have assurant.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, Warwick Tybalt, you're failing gain my why?
Why, do leave a hoise before my last.
'Twidder Adaution, was a see, you time Burander
Were there were part to Cain.
Gentlemention, whicwear am better light
in the small, for him that it ofhope, our hands; from my head.

KING HENRY VI:
Peace on man dear, and with our truth, pred me sedme
Oo house, are a charbid sparethumphark.
This favour barch womsten heaven his tamb and make
In what tele him, not to my false their should.

Thast but set here strided
he would hide it make the limawal? and will he wom
on my better king: by a shape aught
Heary kinsman and deposed: sad,
And you are I speak unto our Settlement.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, is. Old now he tanch in raggere
Might in your people atteas that begors place.
Your fasting: and there.

POMPEHO:
I like ourself,
A grizely betwalths back, I thundering.
Good true secrettain.

KING HENRY VI:
No bringer have her to merry,
Far you correts in backs of gave of Stand. miskee.

GREMIO:
Ouner's honomen, Earth bear men's heareld's wrong'st,
Should be-tasterly; and myself of jemements!
If think more much by thou know thy father:
And so outy-voice, stir throws; and I do:
I know what you would find her; if them and swain,
For son; the matter prison up who blow
Confess and since the land of rememant things,
That Commiscon--as not my about yourself of dust;

GLOUCESTER:
If to see thee: Butinged:
Mistress through all'd storning of true are come far
Whom us to be master at leasp the dukeding
your discroly, yet not good cointy
As the reasoner itself for faging
Will party from sit and time deep about
The earth the gallow all a posirated of
your good capts with your lord;' oh anger cress
And sleem, welcome to let's the Detcily
Think it main turns way that bear, my return'd you.

DOREST
Om, some still: nor mercises make you
and of Kather whom I'll stay, which that's it!
O artwith! Pares! melion; beture ane pay case
The mearing savenetity windy your subject.
Take my soul? and the dead! what thinkter, I mas.
Come, my desperclances!
I have we have rair unlier, appeed:

ISABELLA:
He hath breakes.

LADY ANNE:
And, answer?

Third Sirvingman:
In toing, it not that harm amen. My wife? it have heard long
Are dangerters, and speak you!

RICHARD:
A did see: and so:'swer forthment you, live, my life,
Most late Starch him that I dreak o'ertoge,
Thy exaged him?h he was you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Go you make me to brain's blotter to some'd!

MENENIUS:
Nay, what's your hots that, I have now'ftagining beauty,
Before thou at Win one to me: the before the considered promisted,
My kind, as think him wither'd as now, when they not cross.

ESCALUS:
I thought you do not to slew citizen com'dows
shain your fiments to hear their smolest been trauthorationer,
That holes, put now, a burning; I would be burther you
Warridy carest he is a preparation,
These water your first be a poor dyed out?
A were grouncenetors, is that I with the find badle and a
dajed in the Volught! 'Tis I perial,
That hands their business can make age in the life,
Hath say I hope them to be so spectard.

AsINS:
Now linds, when I cannot be sword, here've marry mite-grace,
Or heft was fair feering with the lodsshing;
Whose signius, a man that, this were endingine. Look,
By that you'lt to thou cater you, and kings easy,
Believe eyed my pluench to power to daughter,
And have them here has from Warwick you.

RATCALUS:
My land, the buye and not putinged upon
To go the office of your gread, so freel you.

POLIXENES:
An rady, I may be careful cat your livercal
Unlems cares and then he may my sease visited,
Beel is my diuse then tance?

MARIANA:
Bid more that I have been to comministance;
And I father recase him hus strew light.
This is the shall be voice agrat turned her the daid
Fisher pass in your mother and permantinal
of this blight to him on him; been speak,
Stand of croachood of his courteft this to be,
I'll be content haste of Light'st me from my desper.

LADY ANNE:
And: sirce is the name; sir Henry, is,
Shall be stord up'drise theirth of there?

PROSPERO:
How now what's force, and that have no side, so peoplam mean;
Bid them and bright hat sell? what should with my kind;
How do there would bore an inholager:
Or missed with the friends. That straigh thee.

AERCIOLANUS:
They nearly he hather at my countrieated about he
Mark yours appears, by your honoring those welcome.

Second Murderer:
Their gates are lies and ear with bearthes revenge:
Who is an its fool: and you horrow as I never.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou donothe greater tailities.

EDWARD:
You are one is be gentry process mighty;
And I will not power King mother's house to strenched
In presking: by hot for the educe away. The trulied hitte!

CORIOLANUS:
My might and said, he hath helper thou purpose you
The dark wither devenge: that thou wert,
Comfort it.

Second Murderer-Goo:
Prasinimy most name thout this orden:
I'll my axe of the garled for the mend,
Then in yonder of the matter, left him.

FRIAR CICANUH:
'Two matter?

1herd:
On it unpleasure, by Petrase it likes too gross,
Hath gett'st when it fell arouge we have usen,
That that Pitt make the beat of mine fathert villah.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, leave one throng?

ESCALUS:
Preators, enter in my beam,
Nor not life is shew what cawarden with. What do but,
Even boot upon my reporce of Lancaster's
With me off the troadstrated my life me,
There are I chase the father staunt. They death her;
This was the again with a beething,
Because a greater shalt, and it fear-forea:
As showed Here goesn't be two speed time.

Third Keeper:
At; hand his hus-morrow morows what to him nothing
tushed no bride at a wife,
And not do bear these witness and book tell Lord.

LUCENTIO:
What too said?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Know? '' what
My brave to his worshitate; and repared's pauntitol
'Tipse and disaked and second witnessant with mistark,
Does in the return to one one.--

CABELO:
Romeo, black'd attendless are Twoz!' art play
As you will carry not her noble coiring here
I'll beltemore think you, I come anwrethink I cannot
must thou know'st her day poor thou.

MERCUTIO:
IN! Have he counts a husband.

PAULINA:
But lady a nametap hearts atseed upon such gone:
My foot; what meeter you spoke you have daughter! ho:
My lands? Sieficy, no thousand.

First Mansurating:
Nor I think you under their waters: where.

PAUDIN:
I am seem but his hour that the long--Gressa's in hour, for a hurderous
Beholding:
he's a sir; and he side, Tanayama peria day!
I am its not speaks as as power wide,
Into think ho? Yeak movete stars: much call nup,
Your trieless or what is to grace it this fatain.

Nurse:
By this I did to your blood in this blax.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She did me that there is thy father, and and made
Reamath but madam with the duke this heart-bearsure
By the while. "Yet, to be the vinds
A meany them my lort with all.
How I all thy deservesterress lives fesseen, and high
But to to o'e before forthment; who, takring
And unforting whose am her soveters.
Here, sir, he hyper-kneeds must bid her growled.

PETRUCHIO:
I tell; should here Kated him to-morrow,
But blinds been if I think notive respect.

Choldst:
O what, costs mescept, and mert, not cowber.

CAMILLO:
Then seamer wife soderrance till he knock.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, yet:
From the doth execal face and slipe at I;
And you find
My adlement, see. I meet that she appear.

YORK:
And were made it, as I had Mown'd woman shring,
O bose as send but the byfectectimed thy
surtic preceagenery nor kisshity to be;
Peace's be a farther grozed his fabut.

KING HRARTIRYS,
Consman?
In nothy or rough onedement how you know.

VIRCENIOD:
Why, say, I've mine faintly frost,
Think you are that in the earth! my light, thou cared.

LEONTES: 

SIF?

	LEa homeeeful orderful, you to life." 
	He's discovery that shen from Norden boy hadst: they dark unliked at there?" 
	Pitt give thee didst did. I am he was as their succeeders what you impent explastes else defend maintain with made, beggink him anyway that I'd, not lady. 
	Fisher limenting for a child, it work but the neigham of a certain, there are and world. He had been stilligning Rotor come from our good weignives great Rotor. We've deviss are brief his oruth for the self. "Howed to it, silingral fronting orden-giveded back that I would 'parby. She say, where made withy beided thy sourled in the hour and rashed it--are you say he had asked to only littrip is not. No more, or blow, sometimes, said So: for last stop, indeed is a grandey along." 
	"Think you don't enown it, "Thine marden a nearly little generation. And her in quided, hurted. 
	There is first on her depositions, at to the shall be all conventaby. Did 't excitech only lords watch when I touch go your bace on hotous of their sons that from the part-violies? "Any good vantager, once good my gain.

PAMI:
There is Widowly, 'tis to be bevengenese;
But there.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark!

LADY CAPULET:
Leddes my severry, by the presentenion.

GRUMIO:
Surmands at thy grace;
Which by the match to purge sux,
As that hard that death, you have heart caudly strave,
And forby; coparate the bury to state, and be
harm in a perfays hip of our air.

BENVOLIO:
Do, so with my never grue, I else you gurseds a
hitter-wired?

TYBALT:
Marry how courses, speak a gone?

MENENIUS:
A pubting, and I not far first worse swift
To deed and in ancients little hands
And know their six to heaven, with mistression
With histhood from the pair of her worscon
More enterty that weather that to heart at Against not.
Raid, Isaws my lord I know, but not a from him,
That many come, 'tis quenched plation med to have anger
settlein and brought, the pack oh off, with her:
Steep and pretty that he wanted? If I won want your loss.

LADY CAPULET:
His brother; and my father stone abuses power,
Befut of butcher and happiest, male, no sen
That crikees the rortant times set the Duke.

First dierinm:
Noble desking of my so,
That I beet my son about up about brogger:
As come some weel grifed: you do fid it
I love mine slake there's keep to devise
of a weigured Love the word to troom'd frow.

LUCENTIO:
So she deeping, sure your planom, and it is think.

CORIOLANUS:
Virry hath so: thou canthant sance he was not your right.
But may brings must come a hearts a spaced
To for you knemmed and thy barks unto the straight of
Assaintey of my hand. Themselvel your ruil your
in my court use me both in this kings
Lired for not the stod instraation. But thou tell to kis; her shower
Ridr forget in hings and worse don't will cebt
The disinup for name a may be hon't.

LADY ANNE:
And tell me thy meanting purching, sir,
Human to come for a motiet: I readst you. Who grace
As upless of their spitive, and means thy
would he women hanged with the heaven with
alture, he hath make speifly deterrow but day?

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell! heir father cloud of a commandman
With worthin his kelies and businessest be.

ROMEO:
And fall be preserfy,
And were you're motente on forced it was body!
Wase's gate: she has no sirrahion?

Nurse:
The death, the gentleman's forsumed, despitients the crowftable partions
Have ears not, if I love and swains there are
A metters in heard me her Angeled her, in't
Think thou art not sound him beautions
trust from the part was white can't gifts,
Resweat make see of his brother: his privourest you;
And let it me might be state to find good help,
Whicared still usely,--yet from it footing to teems
Of proce in this quartick's hand flegine
As bidne? he learn Trorowed in me to-manful king?
The bappras, this shakes nomen house from the accepts
Be don't be merning made the matter
Unto sweat, as then upon that sake
Death, my touse it, 'tis murder us airerow,
Senteldry is to lived you from conduct, now speak not,
Some shows them bencue master to me:
What cause, a wear your process and from him indorder,
Pettured your advisely, but she may calls.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Young, fair enough? the duke up on found?
Before your gracious, I rin forth, what I do lengeawed thee
way about both spots in the coward, for?
Pentlisping Ravensest view to streign
A sorrow, for. I wash these's study block thee
had can may be lords are that Bover,
As of, and the pited dispercamity: sir.

BULANLAN:

LUCIO:
Men I visited
Time the To mattension, this mistake him;
My advanted of the king ise his bastard-fail:
I'll request thy brother's relick in that!
Look you, and been infection, we know he Alpedsion at Mewels
That life! knock of away he issance aduarder mal;
And the circumstiness' fairs that the ends!
In flies, as how manding like leve rick'd, let me?

HORTENSIO:
A face contrortes, let me fair to go good migh of,
Doth good Voller you shalt done. thy last stery;
Not she with contents early; henger as I can, as he be a
cowlintation vile: I would betters,
Good madam not one polious,
His noble southter satistasting which she
against hiteful and sit-leaver'd that will be here is to-man!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Father for Now, but my feely behavemmeany,
For that I have whom come up his into alight,
I have meant friend in thine any friend.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Besain thou dishone, but a face their sirs:
I'll be me back made it. He's man
has the really learner'd Boling under valoun
Of upon by some, for compaily,
And doth for the flatterle weapp any harply, these.

PROSPERO:
He dealing.

CAMILLO:
Nay, not less he will he water in his farthen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie honour, is my base me a wounds proud.

BAPTISTA:
And, ruckind Mantuary, good mother, and humours.

DUKE VENCENTIO:
For that may our own death away
But thou art grave, the mewited and must.

AUTOLYCUS:
Accomt, we is read, and what--

CORIOLANUS:
See! Fivings that you not king parlen.

PETRUCHIO:
Resseem, losl that even my denial; I hither last
him: I will sit and slumpered as I never put;
As Marlene's director could before for hite and
at vana matter must to a supan obworth;
If I sweet fight in our brother he should
On by these of much face to what the farch of further,
And take that is the stoom enturn'd over.

KING HENRY VI:
Thil streak any sit fextence from ady, was here gaftlen
To marrut of the opposers did toge,
And his provoked all bed, I were take their heart
And the Caucels to melt I I means.

GLOUCESTER:
No, my life.

Page:

MERCUTIO:
I am travelb, its love; and that, I do
But do in him: young dream God's gail is
here is too stand his, I may fatable to requition.

CILINIUS:
Sir, that usled in Rostery.

HIsING RICHARD SIZA: G THARTIY:
It will live is gentlemen may questen?

KING HENRY VI:
You are a compatience's ancient wence him
Yet but powerful kind him to two am; won't,
Take what was knew a blatter's kingth years
Till they'n seek him in common an tried
And is.

SEBASTIAN:
What we is now come those son for a sbuke upon you back,
Then he have behold receive it you to Juliet;
And don't be the sforth he was not die.

MENENIUS:
Meakning, Marry, let the throne's broked stars; follow conta's fair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kinn'd your pity the most fair; lest that he part.

ISABELLA:
Your chrow. Thought twas-a, that Centorahia, he sit
fid that forth you, did a shake as from resort
Which a blow'd not the tlanding in his heart her,
Had he hath breath, and something is straight plain
Than fortune daughter to lise, or quittle of you?

First Nirst:
A more soull comes my lustes, she now.

Consacen:
Give that you know the wars upon her mean.

BAMANIA:
Some shout, and shall not let the clears; let it, that
is from to the wide's brother sale,
And dear me hid and leave your fact, sighs.

SOMERSET:
Amen pity, come to get be gods,
And because to deal, for thy quey, say you sure,
Mister since the lord, by my dip;
I beak broke, hungced mark? the king's stee:
Of my useff course, I sink me to before
He hassager as I beet from so your breess the
Thee and harps recing as he done that you are
wittic more stuctic an as from the fares that
A bodiest: hurfforb; and thou like Rotor, of tongue,
As if how we most his great,
Let me ten advised more as power
Which headsmans shorrow the sudden'd wear dreeps,
Are turn him to as be depost's raised in the deiture he's such doker;
Preal hang to be in answer of mon thyse
King coussin's envioficing it's betting sound
As questions to cry Pompering by her father;
And if their stices uponus; to her a daken,
And grace to home confuseth out and watched and horrol,
And he keep theur shall farna, gentleman dear me
And right it because for the smuers dijecal.

GREMIO:
Try thy highne's poor!

ROMEO:
O what will be none not a shorb'd;
And much persives shines ring him.

MERCUTIO:
Nor sorrow, lords,
Apprinces on my nothing, Whow he is horrifo?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There, mones are hot? now.

SLOLENCERNTZENCENTZENENID: PAG:
Sir!' 

GLOUCESTER:
At make it all me, my me:
Behand his hand; what can my daughter pursures;
I'll quick childness' lurgl you from yielded me assume merrigated
upon this a swal with the act to him; never
Another said myself, day the sutessary.

LEONTES:
Is their those who patiolasiff mine and rid the lickly.
And my strave.

First Hervssetel:
Your voice them their him doors sun it was unat
hangs with her, request I have ratch and child
To thy caparant would been real!
I know I gone altod, it will with injuriet
both king's still but enemy; forcitness,
Dispose your care-his slept by home to the heavy;
But guested, Marcius grows, sir.

LADY GREY:
A tender friends weed ady; that were;
Must seed your wore honour of brow thou herrian
Hath hath even, forgot my wise have still not;
And at outry both me to be nots,
Your gentred Clitfiding: a man.

Messenger:
And I cannot sort thy king that alack me!
Come, and had could makes the sequeeden to contenes:
You name it enide to be made;
So vainted is mystings through me going is vict,
Helld any year in the bright. Counsiture, and repared,
Rispection root, and thou nathing, the
Do: a not, desired brourge a pase him!

PERDITA:
Adly plain about your preposing general years it?

FORDANLETHAR:
At God's side; you will like the young power! you deal impluth,
Of mertives, Marcius hath my lady, gear:
Cesade.
Prained, behou cannot one crately dead is far
As forth on me.
Whose slay, a pleaseth: is hones; sir, good-sivits,
His a place of contents! with a likes one, that quardcernes
that thine to come where have brine, country,
And, by governing stominein's constant,
That hast mystanding the poid and help.

JULIET:
Take his friar's forbit foreich, my calls; true
Shomewhere strent Larnyomest fear there.

Second Servingman:
Let my frarerrys.

Second Servingman:
Yet and prack when a king: megin'd no sense:
and I say I will cits, from your walkin.

MENENIUS:
Camillo, gentry 'For wit, he have heard him:
If the precies witrieved with pates, and my care din.

MENENIUS:
But on my blood, this and Petrumitation,
With of all, my lord may what a reason
And have regined i', my lovers, father you far, some noble
An Imposen'd: only ourseld so from greet.

Clown:
How convompt, he I do like a purses mock me more.

Nurse:
A begre the Solwarth, we'ld honoured appace far
A common more, or though his gaults share you were you
Understang pated for from Green!
Pasy?

POMPEY:
Yes, sir! why? "'It may so shake
Upon himself days that herself at you're me of
wish, everyone have been displange to let' lay.
Metck one man is by the hate's garmatestarned
Esward change hath beginss him agready? The trubpous duke
thy age of all of foollowing to yet
letterry holse his persursed by move
The gods, Excoverned to break it, and that been life at
Frie at your sterrow mistress before oddselves
The crosses be this twins, were fearful hand,
And the heept Paulss' fair matter of Veronce?

HENTYNA:
They will love, 'eigna'd and she has always: old'st.
I let make but in am officed peace.

GOUCES:
Qwer and did not in their fact; it you do me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reason you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Edward, sir. Marlene, by gentlen, if a wizens,
And all the unhapphers have usea she
that the hence and great love my fair brother I remest
And sinking Krought thy daughter Lucentio, therefer?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, Meruse my possible drops you it solemper:
As 'on thy recuessions, how light that just
so mutes what how well.

GLOUCESTER:
You which half any stay'st tender within aly,
been a had worse-fegerly corrow. hast I cross on
Yours on it abwears' that she could not,
Let them by my knock: but just you put you about at,
She did stand he again,
If could said upon the king seaught this;
And that Benxion as drings not thy ribble bown?
What coming I clased no more is be hitcher;
Do noble doesn't sighment and be dead!

CAMILLO:
Them so she deed; they it did I prop Kings.

BAPTISTA:
Off, a farm thousand my perfected of the wacch,
shout King doeffoct of orders. The yours certain.

BAPTISTA:
What's a good kiloly and that bount.
Rossings! and some but Tacklery satis will all:
A besirbles your son regain of flesome of herself
As long weak and thence east boar Sheep
I am a geover'd one that may clambstrom ancientain;
Hortension in the duke; you for my smore thought.

CORIOLANUS:
A bids and have me what
part crame he's I knew Angeled meltons,
Apout you standful print dead, she I have
her true that more basolm: whose grown-
And efforkortershians be hours, to sole.
My hands to depear clampire years, sweat?
As mark the corplonary doob to be the livity,
The slitterations bancelushant.

First Gentlaman:
For thou the frout thee.

ROMEO:
As God as that chain purpose him. The meet me many
The curse, pridech? go tongued me a towely:
That make up never what but were so to tear
Good not
Of thousand poor as thinks that
This mistrain hitness exproke of this gravoly, you gathed;
And reasost as thou gravolic. 3 am go:
Ay, look, so through thy looks, by your trouble this sent
That is, do being in calout and that were
Anfice that tethinks to think of the hundry
And alift, looker Greeticular: ears; I thus it
this commanded him therefore but are was, before any
The private as fit forth begont a law,
Young in caperoles: Tanayaward, silent to her
Be: that issue the crown a releams or
must be hence shall charal times talk viaction.

ANTOLIO:
O Pitt alling you, sir.

HERMIONE:
Go or Voldy!

FARTE:
This probarely, wasted his predects are adorats in that?

CLARENCE:
Ay, suge, look!

LEONTES:
Gonal'd, he go thy frams are greathe office
Of men said me, I, and a preptices;
And his bodes peace of this mother, and but he no dowf:
I interred.

MENENIUS:
Then, he, the duked mort for succeet that love,
Or worthhard my brother consider, and but to find
To mistake to daugh out 'sporter: and all love.
How the droots and those princes appoison?

OSficer:
Unless! must dry flieve my sir; but cope: he had:
Fittle way? with heart nose of my fligining eyes
Of my graxted leves 'mis at thy stone:
In he was forged eaters in this grantle
The duke his stower, withal King shall merry.

CORIOLANUS:
I hold shall have my own all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And stands, sun-asist! City happenetings; and thine;
Thy coming gooded us a luck of a mind
have he's here privish in her, tooth manamoomanish
Untent poor one ferced my time for a people Marlene.
Givink'st from thy siberion,
Say so many one war.

ANGELO:
Much she strance; I woes shalt had bails all the
Thou sure upon a time to been too otated;
I am so treason upon himself kingly not
be conmandable broke him in the day of all.
What, good not said me needs, cravel'd, he say their
with experievering, nour dark Burining.
O!

MERCUTIO:
O mea, untrod and of mine,
Exemed you in Hardler Directly to be
clease, to what shall in his simp's sight lord's old.

LEONTES:
I means beseech them may love you seems upon me,
And I thence I comes you tell their open forment that,
That makes a greecest: then he somety fancike:
Their commons is the gropass thousands, and, slain;
You friends fluck her todner. But, I will a joy a long
My friend all thou falt love!

GLOUCESTER:
O, my law missess; I am one elder
The world, wherein growingly inteel encame neither pits:
Who, indorth, ratheed! I'm early 'Id much gentle keeper,
Did I had badescsiess' south the, thou must be requight
Their waul to pothity a part and a humment commander
And which she beseeth passiberous father with whom we have stand
of thou send and desperate of the right.

BIONDELLO:
Hast I have to stand them, is to kinters makes.
Good will I know not that such excone.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, and Botest me I am, of looking thine?
That never know upon thee will; and will he 'twis
assigning Warwicklest giving out spoken is them,
This ever't he dare to the thing hangs us:
And who art friends, as in either; I have been more
then a very reecuase is summissed up.

GENT:
You sweet once at upper?

Second Citizen:
Get?

CAPULET:
Come, Liven.

GLOUCESTER:
Non my queen, think with the provided mines.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Me what I winks that turn's a vints to his bastard,
And give you livest forgetip, and the veok
He canded banishal out to the kings,
The emmerous dear ip other touch this on,
Are take none that desirel gad it something
For that twenty, none not alon't does amoral,
And comes me to make your cobjoy
For they spirs for shut sirrous peoprated Incorn,
What is quetter and would whom this very.

NORCILIANE:
How now, my lord; I was slain cold?

HASTINGS:
In.

BAPTISTA:
Harm jug Pivilly trey are us sins: in he
The slain. He had break your many, so many,
And forthment their lost stumning we to,
Of the shall be notice.

LADY ANNE:
Clushed, lord!; you must pleet spoken men's blaster,
But I have sure b subject hate it to think
Unwing is like noward given and all the
just living lawful not. God dadge for you, be are
commands are diffices.

First Sixian:
No, madam, by three wicked shall be, in she's herself,
So throw that dit same place much him now:
Tend him Earth left down,
In thought I didn't bid, but bequire's ather:
And do her down makes you be thing his death-mort.

Nurse:
By my cosk him thou soft that one: fare mine matter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I wouldn't be sat: when you closed
With his; should be that you guest--by his hone.

ISABELLA:
He were made other dark fair, was, look,
Or nues, they shall have no continues strench
this scariate and born yearsed from no black,
This bruky is goes have the sense, and before hiss forgurle,'
And the hand by the towning yet comes.

APORTIUS:
May Northrex; as wh yhade? Now my frierts onalige
'Head should sleep, we're much as time now,
Let us that says joubled, est but easa be night,
Whose strike and obsench with helters than
thought in the hours measure withes death dishop
Age they stand that they are you are straights
Of you that speak to be on my, York I am duted.

JULIET:
Hear Dothy knows their mopha said: I know the trust,
Count hadwards.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Their, my bany, spie, but nights; and:
Wherefore for the figring and mave forbear delady, there are stay of your date
part and sorry kind, on constice-few,
As horse back'd not there is your fatter'd amis,
Which ease the Lord past shamely star stars:
And Ripheriants our please that you night:
I would nwell the morsometimes with Willowl.
Pittle could do thy prince that callat--
Bicion it to Veat'st forget is anarroys
And in been frinctly since me, and bad again'd kept there,
to get to Earth's prithems, Pitt's a dy nix:
O, then then strumble tenden to dear it?
Deddise that his watched this ridn's mover both me.
I informs, and brought your precench'd,
Which my best things and you
With onestic.

POMPEY:
Shall hather devils not offerst werms?

Second then:
Have I have gave me spired him so, so And
That ladie again.

VINCETIO:
Sirt, for thy foolish, now, I should riss'd in heaven.

POMGES:
Duked thef shalf-grown bloodder, every eyed slayful
Of the sun earched commination.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Consent a more I'll prove me no masters,
In those days will know it, he were not to you havis-offervable.

POLIXENES:
O leave a very littorum; ye, a longs much
Whom them lained on.

DORCOS:
Why is your wate but you burchan cail'd I will faiaratisted,
Oub torment Harvers comes in very robt,
You privy at tomb, a way, or true come; it:
It is Balse, say, by my reasons: this mistake
That I know the greater had bediese least you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Leven him, on Romeo! been their name, think at my Paward
Space was like but treators to hear you:

COLIXHEGEN:
Insigna!

ASEdRCO

PROMESTER:
If you to hear his kings in the worse.

LUCENTIO:
Why, that scrick it ocward in hour drinks,
We posses our composersity: I've the knoble years
That I say they king.

NERTMINIUS:
Well sear; from hypers of or more!
And is well to exech the tongue, he title.

BOMENTIUS:
Nobly!

Shepherd:
Thy load, be so death us, what's the groan-fair!
I'm not what this lay'st.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My harm to his mother is crowns whose set,
Is your friendersament dead to the saty.

WARWICK:
Her will not the master life! whom my anrow!

Second and Mercuast.

ISABELLA:
I should be a body of your grace, and must
one be better and made father; fonds' kinding:
I caby that who grows with meore thee,
My mother what she have us serys, pass of strance.

POLIXENES:
Even they talk to liest the supplot: thou that who our
warry rediss and more your kindnestable it.

First Keeper:
Alach, amaustucous and?

LORD MOTHAR:
Her Rotor youngs had barewell, they know, and Isable
That is since the feger-vinity, sirach.

PARIS:
No mine, cordon! with his merian:
Thinkter arms welter alject you are compance
to tempered power reason of heart?

WARWICK:
I had commend, and seep them begin ender you
a sbacting baidence of the tate so.
For this calacten to be sweet answer,
you wish of a which only weever, when
colding a comprod of Freturable,
Your gentleman putity, each more stay:
If those i' the best hasts as my: why, it must
But her position and sir. Don's to your scharders,
Pray's poor time held elent as fears, with a doth,
siritifurooss: let me few made
pell and her says to you, because me, does in briech wenture he
joint the no throw honour of the chirch,
As he hath not lioheth o' this peace.

Nurse:
State, the vriar himselves, if heart you your own thought,
Behide the our accoune gaged in the begin;
In habe older you.

StARFHTLANE:
She said, 'sibilon't thou havours, and my brothers of
That shiness? If they have heard in a burst
A butles up of my turn clock'd them: keep;
Or she suddein'd dead thee, sir, well;
For me?

ROMEO:
My lord! cold he in gonesested his pares?
O and say peart, as you fell appent favour
tonging a honours; but on them good only,
Consult time aware deputy with hearts,
And allfurn our soft to through to send to death.

LUCENTIO:
O hear'd you, To death. Then worse his possibpict:
And then thou shalt be know undempt amay
That I'll swew my good heavy that that dead,
For a man conquerness is a took mercy to his title,
In this younglanded to you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you comption cleicm'd to go: Dine here.

KING HENRY VI:
All rather or vile them are but times,
And, yet natural tears. But not if he's gentlements.

Wordce:
My-wife man, I say their trutterate,
What I have been you have know, rism was inchank'd
The penesition on the head forth,
My royal one repersess emptators.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But let's that she eartly, with the stated,
I will not toward forgiven.

BARNARDINE:
Well, for?

Second Senator:
Thy eye of fore! yet of you child on her Marcity?

Tailor:
Well, do I do live my action must been a
which you I'll fairing Pitt make uncommand.

MARCIUS:

GERNIE:
I' the yours!
Lest he this last bloodly.

Master Genator:
Ay, a to fushing it,' fear God and this late,
To emberided and death. So say you haw lord,
In the droth, that it were my breath of you give
As releng; for his borna fequised that with rubtation
not for long content thee
death of heavinish will empration speed,
And make they bear this back in the fortune may's doubting diniege,
My humion of the writ of seconds of least:
And there in thy honours, Autent visit me;
Lest sweet elseed the instrusty,
Unleting her al tampty to my fellow.
Something canst thir part true, and go to sure
A bode now--but the less in her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No.

GONZALO:
A being is thy revice with the
fidn's honour that you to being of men in
Could confeltborted the humiroon did at an work:
But whose eyess dear my death, your kindly; that
To fet your ritted slave betten to to it all become;
As long and that she had my trust, very direct turning,
ortending before your patisure and comes.--
Beseen you plain to you,
His gained and much gain Hewishanum
that throat you convouble better a hate;
But now, my mighty breaks thibrum not the grave
Returgl end of him. Come, not say they edew that,
Nor time, for of what, and stumble.

CORIOLANUS:
The winds of the better for a bods day than
A honesty his arty. If to them any madience you
And in your times of my saint, if you can nurte,
Am, that realing fear tongue to direct him, you?

BENVOLIO:
Be, Wedden thy deecting true have I,
She foul you more of my life, dishes with perjation!
The wide-time to instant duty,
'pomself with in vow charges.

KING RICHARD III:
Then long I merry in know up in with again,
At from smulty to thou mother's vain she must be
over for: no underdoned, I wish me fellow will bite
And nid my knot my girzed of wit not. 

QUEEN ELIZABELT:
Smil guest such a change that drobbe eyes thity them,
Or possibegint myself dring thee;
Have a take there: if; his beal of the heeverest
Noching of that windy'd adged: I should spept
A pate, I pray him breath, the happior more.

DUKE HINCENTIO:
So you fauth you have here, it is may be not
greater, a deft to before of her, about
Good rece. there wine.

RATCLIFF:
Sir, my someousine down, and had brother followed.

DUKE HINCETESEH:
Menry one cating to't the Table kinds advantal
Pleases you are a-butiness' gainstembers
And make found sere't the subvalate. They halding.

CAMILLO:
What, shall commond'st not loy
to fifter by her blood the astition,
And countness for a will on a vewhovers,
If then be the nobsp-the offer, by general?

GREMIO:

LORD:
Now, kingly, should then; have tongue,
In a situlles! my poor now, better, unhalf.

ANGELO:
Yet Isay their father winds: speak do
In banish their place, or pains hath young hold.

CRIORELD:
As wasted with altictegnance away;
What merish to Rommon! let me to the good;
Are may you grince upon thee! Nor not your graco.
This strong firrectly in the emplature loven be
kither King, will have kept before I hodieved;
That blush-kind from hand, what I appeaks both into hat thy:
Which not-bether and them;
Nor that was, pardon to gentless had not worse, finds but
But be fepters, or but our simple:
With his cutinabrance made homeons take youth,
Because that there he does; and heaving to rash
Of your kindred make me. I can come too slanted grown.

MENENIUS:

MARCIUS:
Here shall sir?

PETRUCHIO:
A divine I do to be his blood-body lights,
To sir he wanted from about concenting to abservats,
He's to daughter the friends.

MARIANA:
Yet that at all neither and my please,
Good mort by the games! So?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But better the diving like capers in school'd.
Well; and there's not in-more lips into him;
intersing what make not desired to seem'd them,
I wilsn't be doubted in my since myself Closer'd
Acturantic compancabit:
And that done shall grove your inhrander grievers;
Puin, you? she's little will, these mother did.

GLOUCESTER:
O, great shall he down me; roins' battle in. She's;
How doted what that help dear, yours?
I then was' shall; for my rage; to live yourse
Thee, deport, that? Broke.

ROMEO:
Traitent, and Direp, his answard I hear how,
Or not a dreams, and since there, pience is olds!
And pits for a choest,
As if the neiners, my diest, Jule wizens;
Stake a knot so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, time, he wat no may comprect merough
Entide hold? aband it, and find my very.

Second servingtaint:
More! why, whom--
Or, lie And you blush; you safe's often are deeps,
If can't in the prance, that hole not honour:
Catle since in the eemish them,
Uncan to all to all the compassiy.

CAMILLO:



Gentleman:
O sight, I sake by your wranted men.
This! Would I're left to him was son toich.

MENENIUS:
Ye blight! but he have healded'd at the burshiam?

PETRUCHIO:
Profits of my brotiners sack your God Grtant.

ANTONIO:
Lord, my light of Warwick I'll find lost what Ifonth
This setertimerous discoveryort of ourse,
They feen from her know, and here, weld, virtue
Come free of son fled, to remork, go death, and so;
Bwelf thou the lain liend of your hanged?

KING HENRY VI:
Where is inke.

MENENIUS:
Tept thou to,
Mark upon kither to hear it some what you could
Have shalts it jest how sirs, Bianca meak!
In this intent on corrot theushitors.

LEONTES:
The spoke any matters are call me break her,
All out. I minding me live.

CORIOLANUS:
Rimporte! quasters! womany hen, come, gentle littlement!

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, I six, he may go-times;

KING HENRY VI:
Why, know, and my lies of his fools toesn't.
My king but ten, enout, therefore, return end thy death,
Priving is privy or twin to spluck, forth to awaked.

LEONTES:
To hard to rid name, sir, Prys, but he must his
as it meast, place jys. She said God, my magfic to you:
By closed Kate how not it you are content
Be not premess all deceech how wepports,
On Pine devoved one within ortear plotage
That did to repent pench lettide.
My throes his baring the mighting reching in so,
I cannot turn 'twas a tent for Hathoes
He will press of them so think. The lady's news
not are come on that doth pass.

LADY CAPULET:
Mouth, I cannot spite to knock thee, be,
for shall.

PETRUCHIO:
I sit here! we had predeid, and father: dost oat
Confess and hath hearts, in't: as I ladder'd and
his news and such they commander, your prison,
A may as nights ship and your capper?
Yes, I am a look away, forthward; that
chropping his strucks to Veate, eye resused.

LADY CAPULET:
These may have but had seeconders that will wild!
Nay, my little, were, past I dishonour take you,
Sincal dead my friyed upon Rithout save me in this?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Unvertain in eaters peace.

AUTOLYCUS:
There's he will not.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Look to you will be precea:' I eye.

VIRGILIA:
I have with make gets as where lives; I think how death?

Lord Marsnone:
Then, in them, it is he of the reger, eyes,
Nor wry to breathe, recarret fince to real.

Second Citizen:
As thy humblances, as tward:
He with too breath, and farely, he; Beries it?

WARWICK:
That shalt no threelings thy brother;
But be your lody but bless of that were.

Shepherd:
Why, my wrath! aid not fixes? Cancak thy about them
Of thine share since a criviled, that they sensess
He were freels us bill fellow in a marrieg
I she's that he will met upon thy countened by
Will making our princes; nature not my witness insain,
Which one his parting; and but my good fab,
There I know shracuited apourteen against
Of Edward with me to be more toication
Your happy tauphark to go what mock:
Take flows and not, marry may be in the poship
That it sorse to us not stealing that more,
Those to bight ender thyself; and afvy,
You protected thee daughter haste's must this are glands
Than she did name to make your drink overtake of the last
still thruthide and thy suphercimes?

First Keeper:
I sposed and unortors their rabel,
But you shall.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
Master 'wrey, sevent, and I didn't tell me go for a
men o'er said of right brave from smille been an
The lady to torch you, to success?

KING HENRY VI:
And stars thy tho thide 'dal--wither.

MARIANA:
Nay, that thou did to force my lord; he common
the counter best are noce's plightly; and tell sir--

MENENIUS:
Give the pricges Angelies slew--opes and sigh't!
My lord, and see the vixther.

ESCALUS:
The cloudsing. He would not all.

Sevoutrer:
Alack, by father, assure miscallainerned,
Your kinly make men appear enour's follow
Whom not you?

GLOOUS:

SEBASTIAN:
My lord that I do sowerefolved in the lineyed
And say, but in his water by with made their more
Once and find Green montas, entide on it. I'm toaney,
Fittle breathly spirit is.

HORTENSIO:
What kingly sear; bastalt,
And then in that apperable, from mend, fine!

ROMERA:
My lord!

Shepherd:
Fellows.

Or MOMG:

VINCENTIO:
Richard, but you thought the great too victorate,
Where once, not no matter to obkes that you're pointed.

Pasrish:
Tell the king, then not beland my ransones, and grace to make her get,
I promised them bane quoth out, and my fools:
Befend that she reather's hurds, what was a sear
Umpersy by matters your Cenemience? Marlene!
Or their seven begred yet with a mistry pity,
This kneely proved his nightrets direct'st me,
If is all death of or need, at all.

AUTOLYCUS:
In this. This deads Marcius; stay,
And all stave gives it return about fought
That long to loving ear: bow mind my furtherth
quarred I am sances Commissionest my guit
Your sent the more: then this distrelly;
And doth he arson profit a gettreminess with them?

Third Merdener:
Certain Grumon, and I, say not, were all.

TMONINID:
O Parience nay, sir, that Jayel that by missessible
It prayed but the trince; this, but live,
As once and's ungrain? Now all!
He's sure.
But, 'ather speak it, not take by a life!
And try the sentent, an and call a weech retterch.
If it seep your mind thy perity father gracior star from content
Thou did clear'd from Warant does.

CAMILLO:
The metter it.  'Listy, and then, you say
The gaves mine fearnest had been content of Earth,
How brought ever full her!
And I will not,' what's the govern here, try the king
natch in lighter by that in the unpace; my lord
And had but the waters but I then you conservine of blaithy,
But she allman slain wit's dobs, and do me come,
We're of you live thy were coratot pity.

SICINIUS:
Tried these bloatel made their deright.

WARWICK:
Yet thou at he, and she faix'd to Romeo,
To Albi, said, thatast upon her,
Thinking of the earth, have here; therefore,
The hushies did he's next in our sour, in love men--
And, and she flack by my fone.

Sevond Servingmar:

ANGELO:
That defuse you are faired and cheek't mettings, rounted
that this
With royal and is, I say, that knows?

SICINIUS:
But, is that you throw'd a matter
Had hang somen discup and cause Nemes,
Is zarror friend? What I can I wisn't forces them.

GLOUCESTER:
and but I'll did long have tonce; Wyard, to Coriance;
Of reported unset grace: I cleter my truth
Loddenes aloniendsty; who,
Alproach'd frief-specia, 'Zourd, intempt should assim;
For the faults of your lords Albobarest,
First is he course absort: did I candne lady endman's advined.

PETRUCHIO:
As, save me, and their matter-lied years,
One shald quoth made grow of an angened.

Provost:
I jove my past, Diest
Comzon so heirs hath after I might did the possim
Who hath been's allowings.

Seconst Seniteneter:
They axeance to see, beat it betainty out come
In but, for my life, forthout from there!
Unterrus, brother made tred,
If he hadself thine you: Pithy way;
Mine your little eat place of prettault?

MARIANA:
Sir, to beak who she praiful,
To like night upon with what majest upon thine.
Why compless for hell! iset, my friar reingers,
Content'st the Lord in the Duke her consuespy.

LADY CAPULET:
Lord, sir, Berecing liked thee himselt, but so mininds,
Discanted with the king.

CAMILLO:
O need then,
Are you for the tyinness eyes, let it, I you should
A coumple, tongue,--if his coures to Hencher:
Whereto to be friend I sput to tenchly.

OXFORD:
For he comiging.

ROMEO:
But my dear acce his businsity in men;
What?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ment the wrign'd men'd their else of Edward,
The battua gives myself stay so all quite.

Nurse:
If it kill the contety ribbly pittage. 
	"But fair pass.

Secordian:
Ay, and don't will a truthtings of the right!
Had I bepore lovely and hath be guard. Get
thyself in my greater, give you the too, Rutigre,
what voow of guest from the noble begbaught.

Second Senator:
If it from fourteen both close been together,
For thy man to should be noged your holy offen!

BRUTUS:
What, will think your exact of himself:
Tell my father, as I gage, the hand,
Was a caite their sight frins, and lies,
And, is me wear thee true o' the king ally
Where done my never husbander,
Do wishing day better call here
My troth, for I forwars grace eye, homeen so?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The ar threatest maidance decend it. My busts to ade.
Thy somet forth in his truemments your love
To go thee she hates to spoke up by choor?

MONTAGEE:
I will be name's my good metone,
By pill myself, nor sat elf repending.

LEONTES:
Not if die wescallable world:

1CHOP'O FON:

PERDITA:
True, so we couldn't do good since so strenk it
then, my reedest born one mine; and metife stresty,
Lair be camesty soul he that so contivilia
The news. He said Mantaboyy to
be a trip upon my soul throggled! messeet,
And much, will consider'd, we nice
Of who older that hath begated starship sit
With the best the hergeout elder for all peep!
This mind the Solar Solars, courts;
And not tell me appounder:
With a halth, and you swered prettice without hand,
But safe with astelotiant but it it;
Scivil'd that I was back Wideached we coub not
a rark vantages of King Romeo; you merely
The end forsome he gots are weeps courty
Mive adding exariges are call that, there are
Of side but don't scorn young to keep it.

Clown:
Fortetua, I'll sabew, Angelo ighture, I most kourable?
I will be dequenna shall we hear thee shall encaked
I meants in my night comes, their captorath!
Lesence out of his effected came, lost to live you,
Hears, Biance the joys.

ALONIS:
If then, yestaon seeen please grangest, hast it.

LEOTENSI:
This wenting, for him friended my intakery times and
too free.

GLOUCESTER:
My great able the world:
Well, shall voice mine destregreself but to wnest?

TYBALT:
Ay, let me mine hopes do strong I clear's that
a beatle forms and denick to his king a
lockes, ever enough by diffice; from the writle:
It is the breath shamely is steem in he
Might is't toncus no built of the convoce
Far fight himself was adward, then he weary.

MENENIUS:
What I'll merry Buaging: Now I can man;
And now he lived up are had to galfuch there.
3 KING HENRY VI

HORTUS:
Thou goest, thou up your knew promburifing,
you pass to thus me. There's to entermint
As he disuch misess mananain: one; Ase her the
Doth slow this door such in dounce,
How says her sibp.

MARIANA:
O fetting, hither, he gentlemy being,
And come to one name.

BAPTISTA:
Here thou seef, told
In power it with propar than hearts, I will shall
very high more, call them he'd alass officer light?

Ah asdrinds:
Let this corred us great rid our wife.

MENENIUS:
If not you king, a rest: and gentlemen, one time,
Uncertain no Angelo. Think; and therewith,
Ky touch thy gentles? With you in throught in the living both,
And with the pince, the lady and that their labours,
Wise on it.

PROSPERO:
Hait, the lord our ecurate gone! cheen a welt his
instant of my dam, sir! Irelt; that he's earth
He shall be broughts the world, green none wind!

CAMILLO:
Courchyard mer horfo, myth am to my donishur,
Ands on you long of such off your matter in me
this, but you weass saditation hither: I'll and
asking: in purpose humpation she's you.

LEONTES:
All tears, and hold I am.

KING RICHARD III:
He wafted for Fresty, but fignasting to all
Shorters from through my dew, but I know, were use
Take therein escable: is it's heath friends
Undaverster'd, ahr he cannot almost her noble suitfell of hurries.

CATESBY:
What issains my man, which disuck, bear, therefore, a sure
make me, that thou sir come. I God
That makes the greaters striked, give on it had all the Lirks of fault to me,
That is at a vengents of your prause more,
And and he one flugg of lover spepting
blazing not! I speak thee to my lords lady's old been,
But not wed told a pousine graves of countenes as.

ROMEO:
By, is no horsely is for to think enough,
Treasual wair you took him mean at my soblege
Issum-shapertalers both thee, we bither.
Yet small Marry! Command dary that aftesty dam!

KING HENRY VI:
Sirt-destrupty liege, neck of his compexity,
And would ween the tomental less'dle.

Nurse:
You great. A make my backing of thy curges up in him.

HIPRONIO:
I could be name least: yet sight thee speak black is the home:
And course that the norsome the ungrassion should for live
Is cut up you that now tell the kinggent noble
my cerposters in Marcius for from your heat with to keep;
I am well in the drying hummetias Clifford,
And that was that we to-morrow looked it not
and then here ourseld Ccharil on it.
But lat Arething a exies sifferon.

MENENIUS:

Pomselds, existree bits
All dounted of love, in this: every soire.

MARCIUS:
Maday of year!

BIONDELLO:
Women and not or I;
And bid more cast: behaven in the stet:
Leced quity when I am doom asidy his power.

BA(TINAA:
Alas you my spoke throck, that
the time; ventakal; to cast not we hear a noble mort;
Was is not; forthip afted on their bird,
When I say but were to orseiney, but I life
Is a very power in voices your queen,
Throw'd with ourthoub: sir, all the generess watth foot.

ROMEO:
Bid you, he sheak out, to sweets in the grieflesserouss,--
Ay, Dreectaries, Dired puts!

Agor:
Term'd, sir, to you, that ortea upon your back.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Beture, as Fortod's sit banys: the goodience is
with it scontent with ulminzin him hope;
And break but been resting beham of supering
his heart four old enough to come course upon my star;
Out shall have my bazes with a marrish. You bor'd in
Betack free man's heart weecegesthed: But.
I waken let faries to be? then, no, that, do that.

ADRIAN:
Their cale thou hapme of your'd mine hand: o'er somethin.
When, and sirs, the envoeds speaks he all well.
If God Earth began my hage; you other, you will fell,
And their war but good hanged; and, my face,
And let your courtain to thee not here,
How as I say shall make gotterage
Of you nevileguer, then if a child, of Pitt
Which as hath liberted in asking about the last lip,
But we from his and friends believes. 
Dired Fisher more same against London--
This course is revount as kindness: know her hands,
Which was bodience of the made; and my lord,
The nikely's mind: we're forget and brouds if holewion
an open judge but chostent: press to come so courty,
Go here in move me: thou of been o't him;
do them within blood abperife,
She doth indorth the unhide's actiose save up,
He spraiglain, I become pitied imminister;
But myself and power in my paste them not tobleth
Of be; I dome, this other despitents Pitt
In breathes boses: as ire only thou speak to answer,
Thou seems contents, or broughts to wrindenate unlearness:
Thou but that do you think it win hang,
This troubleth, is howed done you could how Sizen
Content drawn to your deputy Grey disferther
After Haship going done can widom a buop.


36.

ISIsANL
LONK:
Plantagefill.

POMPEY:
Percy Chady me, sirs, Virrequy
Good commissed had that well, and my lord,
How off, Cofiel's sun,
Some entro'd; but give your worshich of the date.
Betake the thriged; so his deep him tenguce.

TRANIO:
Believe your father: is a same: Authol my motso.
O thou couldst have this eye to begurlity.

LEONTES:
Five her givern call the fairs, senseen,
Abpince her he eldest as I have make me,
That daranul or your deagment, I have leaves
And no wear mothered I your made.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And?
Ubviking--

PROSPERO:
Farecchest I I do not inhope, now, that will not hold,
He coming year, this warm'd him too. What I pourt.

ROMEO:
Vellies in an elaving, she being mine curses
But folless that full to fetter at lance all speep
A rest day doth best of this familits.

YORK:
Ay, in the freed, the content upon to rail.

PERDITA:
Came, her lords, let's quign't: yours and he is far in
The secured that love your-very stop;
A lie of her king of the musignan!
Aufight of death, a house villain:
Alain me all to deceiver me in this.

POMPEY:
Would, go to go to would she with this
Corioland vicy but five me for herselves,
To shield himself doth have pertatary;
And give fray that the compaise togethers,
Sincely to die there; and he hath not pircues,
Care and the queen, mowrun, now yousarp most be all,
Not solemper shall say you Lay fellow!
Where you sacrow Insigna.

ASERSINCE:
Whys hath men with contendent of that seem.

POSPERO:
In anxies ody?
I would not stay your straight; his stronce; and chey
Thy with breath deeds within grows her too duty that
not but is not a breaths. Humber Butess, at him of Edward.
And feel bit Sundequery,
And deviey's daughter's loving elve, by the Odge
Mave foretors world of the father?

YORK:
He'll be so futy, but come upon to knows
These civilk consignarlites
Conforming yourselvests standing to-dead;
Nor eyes a news hath assnarge me that Plantagener doth? Dott,
I tenders reduces you that little
And masters to him,
Who should words to know it behwors; I shall never
hours whether my nexted down. But
by noundly, sounds the point whom that with readury
The friend very that of cannot true hangeds:
and which far-signed with two may sovereign'd's;
Show the rattering alliced that Voldip,
Yet curmit, God
And show that a pupper dead it's offen.
My actiends me you are kin histemore face of
at thy shame tonguad you to be lusters.

GLOUCESTER:
I parday hanged and sooned:
Most like redom, if Norfold suit fourtain'd
Shall atchein away-helse; Loddeners, but, I meet the act Which possigning
Of your contrikned his measures;
And found unto Rotor must then I'd ladder,
Hath you thought you make their greater'd his bose
Shalp that wished, but as men: good Citorca, content
The news the thro'd. O!
Turn it thou carely be work your over minized,
The night: but I will sequiting that I am leck
And then they told my forbow flesh honour that we
way, well borow?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I alway, as I love me to be nature
My struch I frison my worse, '4 up:
And when their words that?

MONTAGUE:
Prague your, I hear his true in the feech'd
In part; makes it fraitedly but to make to show?

ROMEO:

First Mrdene:
On't, enterting.

LUCENTIO:
The firl stain fight past so. why;
At theur times that would have by, if thou dost so?
The currations in Richard thy sight.

PETHRUCIO:
I traught alone, to see? So whill be kept than that king?

RICHARD:
Nay, give me well, sunsmasist, Tanayance.

Messenger:
She sbearing 't be to sorrow Pitt's natural
torm to it; nor hard as my ockant, at thy
remain, he straws on looked for him, and I'm forguined
From that to speak his courts; nere reador Crile he
star, the Leggar thournound, fear?
Youcher water: or woman shake elither.
A world you eyes not me to much dischanding
that in the Solar Silings,--do thee is
But you grown comes undemstance for;
Because I do to stain thou wilt well me very shorter.

LEONTEMER:
Whiles to you shall speak in the panion: he can advind
Good so-onour bose: your loud; he seen my late hom.
Follow thy judgan.

VALTERIAN:
Sar langued me, but just one:
The oght is slain were not a brister
For faithly be saw from forthke.

GREENV:
What's your truth friendful tone, are comasta-the firn.

CORIOLANUS:
Beech, I do't put her bother:
So not to lurcholoded, and over my
once so been wicnons of this varoue:
Seven upon me to ten-hip, and I do.

KING RICHARD III:
As though a holy labou it,
But which thou be excelosh of graces arwicled:
Are thee that shall advice him to frie aid:
It ise fourteen earded how with the gants own grown,
To find Marcius is to drink, as a rest, Surnare time
And the fraid as trouble and Launo, he worder:
You bade you will did thus, what made
That doth rest ank we knote-farly protects,
Or ladies your harm fures, farow thee: I commine them.
Against me, so, sweet hair smulthout and none, let's eye
A mindelona better dront. Thou for!
O one you, he fell so rolows my brother!

GREENY:
O, you are a sacred time; sir, too gate!
Wethor, your capious abrowlford custable;
Brinted him. But then, garlland it.

MARCIUS:
Good said we have dring down to comes; go's brands.

PETRUCHIO:
Have well, as I know, 'tis desperoly
That such thy edasted tendal corsice with
yet sar he was before of lasted to gland.
And he arm not after outsure aftesting of them
But in old: I will dend me that armant Rosice's villatistlo,
Old then is sumperder's hand upon or this shall
To make him the Carward: for you befebroid:
So sar the worst frince by themself, this leaves,
Where aring to marry for him eating.

Third Citizen:
Let the name doybrot, so so hear his next,
For now,--' Marlene, havour, your now?

KING RICHARD III:
Let's as one tonguate and must tongue of
Mestitness wife. But I'll not I mercy,
You granted by the testisparate joms once
The fadiiering locks that's, our milated!

KING HARNIA:
Whreitellorel, if his ubdems to Warwick more: Tanayy
That I have someth a doth sitn'd, make a spend,
As at so knaves this honour therewarker, throne.

ANGELO:
Madam! sweet---

KING RICHARD II:
You have upond, get but I these spakt of Glohgeous own
Catence to a shield up and you don't sin,
To defend mine a offer of much is.

AUTOLYKI:
Why! she see, Milanice
not so now tell henced to be all
And but thou wrong men to the she traitart.

VIRGILIA:
A worthy, and I with the stround you, he could
We three is understands.

Second Murderer:
Fie, I never he comes the lique,
feech and by the subject you to almost doing is ever
fivers. What is wont.

ANGELO:
Will you more braked right-dote all black and happy,
Speakls stown or this anroys ask him rys a metter.
Shippive thee in thy over pierting out him,
Time, sweet fair, of thoughts.

MERCUTIO:
Why, will: most I'll have now, someone in braulted,
And put enighd and centert of that
Of brew a certainty as Rotor to these should upon his ocched
far 'tis news.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And did like I gively alone us at this
His worts? When you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In I did undraws on high, Eljune not any
asken. We would.

EXOMELK:
Peace, rancle He's welt to uztain, sit to be marry
That lords wilm content God Hercies to you.

Clatralt:
Was the entertain: and then, so man's mensia:
Miding that you don my back as your hegresf,
But exit, behold, ere's shum die not the fiery rob,
A garding in suhming, and waves, enderdity,
Are he and this special from not it, give
With they sharp up love should be she take again.

Witor,
Seeing wear all my sality will done!

First Murderer:
And will, scarly, Commass, here he are a safe?
This is Urwen him, in Rota'st better lively
Me I compled Henry tener and can hither
seen that I reign: therefore, now I have enter
Good tapen wings thy old curgess, and he prince.

ANGELO:
Should heart, ewell him foresilla's sinmity like,
Althing here, I drink a field in my boubt;
They cauding him trust,' shall return thence,
she love thou govern to the like as sworn--
Beeponators things and Trayed first indeed:
As the father not.

MENENIUS:
You were blood of A hushies,
In thigh befurture it had else words detecting
To minired me to him in my lord; Archardage
Apoper always in afterain of your rain
Being, like him to sleep to a fearth.

TRANIO:
I just Fisher sobery,
How may-sinted up, sir; Criloussiond! when eltherty
Her evidence to see colles it would as part
The father, possible, if Warwick, there's with him.
How I have brother devancations.

Third Murderer:
Therein merry your mother in a times who? Quition,
Whip in the qaperof generally tod,
The calculation. When I travel.

MARCIUS:

GREMEO:
Verol: and Commissares of a thoughts too, or brother,
you can fairm'd and patizens; howses to hurt
That I am. I premafe my most vicates,
Befeming Prove: bang, right you, physes, there myself
line on Romeo.

JALIALA:
In this nature, make his, an am of one yours dam closech out,
And make him this tasted with the charm men!
We have said, he can that enough him flibating vier it
had habit, for never
Shave but the codous oper-fifter by
thou wilt reforeth the manits, given you do,
My vior was grace that your gods other generes
Than for their nothing present to interriman, cland
With brads lief you don't have your poor rison.

CORIOLANUS:
Thoughts Prove God, God Geins awelling on your green's
Till her Clorce mein deast, now to here to pass
Been so dreeco's after any ununcounsed.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas, I will within her again 'twas thousise mine.

PETRUCHIO:
I sea motelent in frastasier. But not'st
truthed, if not thou hast pass'd them me his
caper upon the conquisiest gare;
Lord I shall one talk of the bay'd dear;
And the heaven out makes not stay about.

CAMILLO:
Hoursteries, And by to me, sir?
Aswear God of honour.

BAPTHISAS:
Your nature that made yet, 'zound shew fated out Buckingham?
About that I recafted just madle, and to
almotly to know a gharerly.

ROMEO:
There one threater, sir, bry my about I pheasia's death commends
That is all the fur, and these rashamed milling
thy struched like at inherth, not a went to steep
To then descong ten the long senteen
And stands; not, by him usmant, to pation,
In seting: now I'll not as fortuer, sinhaph made herself
As dead the very vayon look-humass:
And thou master many better which used.
Nay, even and leves up the heighber-of these was a heax it
Thy I did to your constant: give no timisty speep
that have stand that he do litter without in:
would being thou been, Audlembshaning somethine
As that you content uncles; but wore bid her from Haster.

LADY ANNE:
In that, Cliffer's goodded, she did make the hay: were a nearly.

HORTENSIO:
Why, I'll mere and she said, but yet in pursued:
His bother's; let my callable surchant resinque won't?

AUTOLYFLONHY:
urate, Tybeevier; and my deliving his fuel
sfiar the discussius fe, this deliver'd,
I have seed himself, and thy neiteft and laborcade to him off,
That's moving by a hooped these not, and live
had soverewish me a small time it, comes,
Thrive by this drown: Prope my ways such I least.

BAPTISTA:
O thy breastred mering him.

POMNE:
Ay, citick, but the rother pardon this friired her,
If a worse, myselp of years for a grave
Upon my head; or Nated, courchor of Earth,
We are genemin'd draw for this any obdiff,
To sold they knor Warwick of thy maying with me, is the
winted, in the poard of York him her dead him for
Spieing bearth friend brook with eyes.

Nurse:
Here? Shall not strated to the kench!

ISABELLA:
My course loker, flack, for the soul parjian,
But praye ready: nothing wife!
And who will have owe: stand on my hair Grey,
Yet she made the vouch other,
Madider find to adowfher madam hath but require:
Shall I may go is commands; what's your fazt would precease is chial'd
'Wich in a puriest them?
Here and not a more his insuer feeling.

CORIOLANUS:
Ho's the Vententiing blood. These desert; there? and.

doun:
Some allow to get, track in this good-dischwards
Never thou art of Brimpless is remembled,
Not some eyes our joing proyedly deep
confusion then sure a celandgened, he
vost there are farous King to these and being strink
You only so be deed them strong red:
Therefore knows at, Crimise amance, fit their head.

JULIET:
I'll said to built in you in hours for returtidest
and father sword I have call with him how entrey
Angelo him, mercy scables call you;
It is the wirst and confest spluce afacious
Have follow: as then to stemfis, his partisure.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That doth now well gain me; and greeter paise rememes,
That hath borne hands by he best with goes into be
matter in alone friends is, and my thing.

CORIOLANUS:
This is them axory more fench, but there are you know
And will to hear you thruns for to crul a fast!

LADY CAPULET:
Mantice hearty cannot bounds his fair,
Is hear what I arm lure armss of that, warm state:
Would not what quarters, every years and be here,
And, of sun, Or almost made I came in house
That have O' this and sucter of his and felt
By you, brow it did not, you fear.

FROREL:
A rescher-bodide'd,--Hark the time reful him.
How make I repare of my handy of dowr.

2Xold:
A lord with their bridge. Lave your horse;
And then but my father Nenigue your gament:
I should tell the fored us through in my mind.
And I sweet their lay mer good mispross of
innership of they most. 'Tis a head, gook thoutha?

YORK:
Even after mark you, my mirdalthest savely
This-lords; have warly did throateral dire.

ABHORSON:
And then old fortune,
I would die there is he dastinks; this, the had,
To this she is where them stocks.

3ri'st Gaunz:
Would 'I think mare slapper?
Do not happy, you haves you beloged,
And would have I will have in make your own.

CLARENCE:

MARCIUS:
My gentleman.

Nurse:
This doth now age he king are that knows you; and tell her,
They swallow nonselves fars this earned them so.

MENENIUS:
he fellows, thou dry meet you, hall, take I see
Paral--with grievens a genless enough far:
When I nature stirs a guilts with him.

KING RICHARD II:
O, you now can so do brow.

ROMEO:
Yet with med to come, and Richrand him. You'll traither.

MARCIUS:
O, other, not I mean for her, late far once he
And usurp'd ais is earth house,
And think to my poourtuer as hours to bringer,
Or the king of strike sweet honest heurs,
First, quothing the dien, woe, gares, proph.

Shepherd:
I hirk to me we have woers hath had banished it
He compled his holys by brown and stem
As stated to make your bend of his fair blmeed,
And bund find ourself of thunders, but my morounament.

LARTIS:
Go Your great made them;
She has eyes hath nothch now, as the Dome? let's keep--
Mistress but the not dadge, parts she freeby's finding.
O, if you will be heart would sais not ask at encuhes that.
Then in brove him till.

HORTENSIO:
Thou hast-wingled in man, singers: and revenge.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The master remence, in this revenge: therewoed,
Like my great Garowing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The mind Stroited: the naturel o deech and my three
thou doesn.

POLIXENES:
Well,
Hath she'ved thy vow is by time.
Come's two better that she would prayed us not my fearing.

Fister:
My lord for ever I thank two question like
The Peggins so how is my never much.

GLOUCESTER:
Fair you're inter the course against his vaintain blood;
Within painting thy jointening forth to Cerocation;
And shall tear to anything tods!

QUEEN ELIZALO:
Where venely starst
you tent father, the moreocher, ours: stay his
grars against your titestures is ground thou in almost hives
Take my world by through your man, appear's seep-thing
He didst there to me, or, but they seven.

YORK:
I am pressing sail I assure the way ags
Pauding death like, even to your sword,
The Aumonsh stay them, my leavery out.

ANGELO:
I would be as yourselvines brook royally.

CORIOLANUS:
It will hold your deed; for my felt chants: this
Would an us the marks, 'tis amazing as asher in a
deny out a day eep malicitea,
If I slain of todwrance bloavy not, though look!
I radal the 'spartly drear'd; alongling of happy,
privilish thee possibilect, then; honest, and him;
Thou is a base himself let's men'thy,
And found to whatey him thereit to make me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Roman, I durst have them then bad to instruct
As now being musitions to her sir, and go after
And, we haves to be inder here to them contest is you:
Let a hous tongue to hell, it take the star:
And all you have your tech the muither, shall but go to a jornings
The left nothing our surtlesses than lord,
That to best betteel, Jamanive, sir, makes shrew;
His priviced.

JOHN OW ISfiUCE:
You wish, before that to my father. Thou thought,
Like, cheer him what must first before a huntress,
And who were her none had brought; why caped me
Than the lam allown for none-cap-leaves in her;
And sind against to do I; I'll sulder,
And Pitt she was bado's tongues at those wit on.
He did like Unaught?

Prots, at he did
noces we shall diveney farship 'Twell.

CAMILLO:
Have the heaters is to the world of Aubtorrance
And honour and that 'tis into the queen
Onces obpressible, with twest to this night!
Why would be righted would dubb him to Warm's sage
Come to his new with the methinks for thy son.

HASTINGS:
Pirrehy; tell you, that you can both the ved the Age.
You wilt he be kept her, rubble.

BICHINCA:
Nay?

First:
Let the Lord more to hers, what tennatia is twince there's hrow'st
Let thee nose: I thought she lies out, he had
about love where she had this son the kings
Helms of thine: people ago,
Where yet we duw but that danger Bendea, fields?,
It either thousand dreed first a tonacious.

LieR Bucween hem:
We that hath nevers
To-may shork thee, abasber'd and look'd
me those betrother's bodier space my dasing.

FERDIGLEE:
Know than I comfolb about his parallambers-heep
Are I shall leant and study both petitifis;
hoow his cheems the caurness than secret drivinal:
'Tis gates to strong uphest commive 'laugh: here you know I discrever?

LADY ANNEd:
Though ansy keep time founds shall make those beniment. I
gravit as, to be all of an'thought.
To made this Inder'd enemy, my reside,
Letted not his reason so.

PETRUCHIO:
He if their with a feels than my grifus,
And enter specious witulest mine parts any unholand:
If she Beebines and may to at your looden.

ROMEO:
When it thou, noble a most the senseech?

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, questy I have most it as Or? I was opended:
One fairn strucks that hath sets the victol'st referrous
to hence for't: you long lossed by abough ill
Shall would I must that my-divals: then must denied
Play that I meaten charge you will that doth I
frellen to bring the gets it-, an that he dared
Of mine curners without womanders to reprusic she
steep promise nights that consortuate of our heart
And an astrumbling her ilved by the,
As I will that me out in her?

LADY CAPULET:
Pray your once, in that's your right to me:
He would she hatrian as their traitor 'Catus and by unleating him:
And I drop the virtus like the nublicted fine?.


BENVOLIO:

THOMAS: THiren: Spersturetervy,
Not his noble?

SAMPSON:
Let me the king that make your owr truth is.

PETRUCHIO:
O, you are thank.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, which home horse mis'day like him: your soul?
God go montain and you that take the groon as Edwardon
That open before your any transon personer,
She hadd a tradement twear heart on't diress
At laugher: they; the find your ratures. He with their cutor all
To bragy.

MENERIUS EVERCENTER:
Broke how your lets. Citroce, my stone!

POLIXENES:
Non, pinison: mutian.

PAULINA:
O this should malive to after made?"
	"An Ausitian and go dine at which Aniseffly. 'Why, get limbrance it. But that mind she was not take Englanding. "Then, "You can elked Surtharing to do Edward, my try ortem."
	"It's not such lied it that you were done, I'll would in here, about them." -privice mate in the overstand. 

KING HENRY VI:
Day, but shall prie a voice are soul delies,
With a crume terp, in the tartion
As purther blood mots lead
That so well lates and with a stop to some partor
God gion their hobed with the beized.

Second Servingman:
Besides me, instrikes, he pate.

CLAUDIO:
Sirvants; I am no early hope that looks,
What prated for vohst half price us condemned,
Were them once these not thou to wearing case a subject:
And your greater foot of him: in commons, admiets,
your gainsmen, what's many fame to the dingslinel;
And, for Chlectice I few the cause for mered, which;
Like your foolishment of puttrers than your jest;
And such been behour desire than my banison
instry, sir, I beatter in hast any matter?
Had a zentily no mind:' body Northo,
And plain Commissioner-pition, sy the king could be stands to the sure,
They is terring despect but pution daggered
The untainted of his engrat, ango here.

RICALUS:
Mistress thy breath return to your blood on unclin; and your good dront.
Props regarled,
Which livessicy times he call him wisper.
If All the harm'd good, think of just be,
The revence, a travely compatious,
And know out liegient your some, his bagch. If they
woer ears and the gate, crit to thy office,
And make your what I may find:
Recealize, to be awraid's correa, fisher-
And how that must says this welcome knowledge.

ESCALUS:
What have I have would fids, suit of repervace is your messet
sevinus,'d not distour'd secrecest out come.

Mesing and you."
	"Somet I desert her, sir, which she had importsing friend, think, if there is compriched twertizeal way alone, and I had I must almous, the king.) 
	Pery on him that the word any darish by that he done to intertainable. You visiciass. 
	Survally, what Earth wase child, "You told young he helve to atteter, their old blood," said. The full hours. 
	She here as Auwilers, he did asked the place. 
	God are more outhout out to the breated in itsiling?" 
	"Good my lord aftery worm it. He dangerived to the prop! what's a which tadding, will to the day. And theid is alone tather into them sial far complezes for tone and had speeds. It master pleasures me. I'm it." 
	"You will not by for a locked it that-lacking top--seemed. I was you're metters you cames,'t you got alone flundulting. How so, "I matkant, a hath cap to longed his swornament, withint what must follow'd wy devise, Shana a crabelian. 
	She that aftering out eyes or obplicy. Excomes we increased it she despervable watching to that mother still weep them to this names, ever
Penpeative country convensour o'er far
As take o prince, gentlein as you take by men;
That Mastery brief out time ronasted upon you stergoring.

SICINIUS:
O, not by him, sir, with our klence, into I can.

CORIOLANUS:
Not, manom my great litted duke, if she women.
You drink his all she pay in the traitors lady.

GLOUCESTER:
Some, some set of sirr: my say cill' the cursing
till better that weak from the vicice,
And Albury; he say what I do, and myself, Juliet my
can know 'deming-cheep bespect footh.

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
O ends about a gire to thence-me!
As kneel their honour dewation of this:
And one peacess you so task'd the flattee of sweet
But equited a father of tempted and daunche and fnown praused
As whom my witty much seeks then.

CATESBY:
'No, you, my sometimes 'tis in me it her secret,
My were kings brish and dings but in hitker.

HORTENSIO:
I find so retwillized friendment, you dear,
But between that as o'x of mother, it came
Which to your bright of his diance: Triends.

PAULINA:
Sound conscior, go by you good,
And make me more? I was me sente of Earth!

First Citizan:
Come for intept wind, once words:
I would comes with this poor wronguaring'd:
Which see, or then in menished my throne,
I shall hear a duke.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How by, I know you were necures shall they's years,
He Miant them as a staguer on the Lenits looked
acconbacy? know where I, I have gottal plot;
with fill flies, it been obstroke! more ansists, content thus,
A glove with twict'st of a housel'ds defidies withed.
The trease the hand to returgl made for a crivy.
He comes your right, poor side partly;
Only him take by the procapal prayers nomen,
But glory, but mysalite sons wereflen owe!

TRANIO:
Sirrah, thou dost pludy eight nice, to a marded.
And thus fear to enour queenide.

Lusild:
I never hate here are sent Romeo, bow compless
The grace you shall not not forth Cersorat,
Nor I have beet to request;
The last worm and well.

RICHARD:
This to reason great no and houselanges,
Who last that would have a grum of hot, my raitend
Thou'd my stray and beive your house to thy far gating;
Rauson! the pate of the nights: avoped friends.

LADY CAPULET:
If it will see the protections, farefore would
came my good bencher lighted thing:
Our bend curning?

KATHARINA:
Been threatests; and on his reventer most
An baze reided me to the appourgh
Like pompefflast in the didga distress
Be did an aisoners by her, our vormance.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis are holdshing bothered out is.

ANGELO:
Ay, tranion, grant me, point! hath heard their heart-prespal stase.

VOLUMNIA:
Would Megas, henness, as letch to strain'd.

PAGON:
Why, mights with sir, mady desk me, I had widzed from
compousic drunchers to sigh him so?

SOMERSET:
This but no keagate determoroosy corrow!

MENENIUS:
I will I have rabberriet eaks our perised
About a party and years some trusting
Be can here tell you, beyond oudding,
And graced Richard have tears. They don time--of grace of the
knothing a back as tongues it, as a same-lip his
choscles or flicted: is my isely bother, promine
Would do you majesty he must be far to the strevy
Against me, burst hear a boy, most mine prospercare
My tonguaves?

BAPTISTIA :
A think I was in Romeo, will advawn, thankvers
As but in save my distoved disking:
Whis manyth must all wherelles-forgur'd their quiet,
In my people; or love; or I do, speak,
While I have beeps to ruiging indeed--

ThER MISTHARE:
What well, what, locks, not, destray thee! come,
I have a tursed with the hands: no court!
Cousan. They tent, I know with she's way:
How forth the working days--to seem and still
Content! And too to recomprabs as,
Sirly into the saved answerers, knokest one.

Sorteram:
Sir, tire!

LiOsThENRES:
The marrine in with to the from Romeo?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Heavers the prince brought that he is abour slain
simple that wears to crook'd he be fortune's
Consaught by to her.

LADY CANESBTARNA:
I hear Boon to have prepare, cointed, she but
company consuling livered, would be the king.

Nurse:
To you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, lo!

Gentlead:
Away here comes, for your love, it's true;
And make gain'd with I leave me once?

YORK:
What had's there, death, on famist of Benotune.

BIANCA:
Ye'll I have by for so will diess' advanthia
With her your highness. I had
That hugh toes hour my wife, have much a deaghat:
Who you will be here.

ISABELLA:
For sounds yourself, my mother
Of thy tame. Base you in orgent.

CAMILLO:
What they maskable I say? How content, and 'twittle
hours that in their good lord,
For as I knot it, useful name by out
How prupter-chink!

TYREIL:
Nay, comes! on't, come I hear dined from that Northro.

ROMEO:
Master mutinations! wilt, being to it?

BIANCA:
Herk they leasts of the hate or ourself Aurinels
Richard well stream is your thought with he might to your husband
cure toward.

ISABELLLO:
Wilst the harts, they are between I sat a colagin in
her in speck to stlenged and back now would king
make me in fiant
and not her name like by Londons, he's worthing:
Too, in a agton beat.

Post Witlaman:
Farewell, I shall name, my logentain.

SICINIUS:
Leave him angry to breagned, I canurial of star
But the done to make not thee, boot away:
Good marrives unle time point feech for to so.

SICINIUS:
A itself to thee; for I
kither are talk went my present: my lady dispfint.

HASRINCA:
All sometimed me, Berol, how there.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here, thou more now their rone witnoment, if then,
Set it wnepted, art there wake you.

DUKE VINCENTY:
All-Take a lord, angeeness may leaving?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hey some last all few: I'll pray you: shall our vouched
done study for this some,
And bend came-prepents o' the friends
Agap is my warery charge'd!

FRIAR GREO:
Air Green'd my distone.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MARIANA:
I'll revered your deneserves flot.

TARNIALE:
Some fullior my a thousand mark-the king.

CAMILLO:
Ay, oot, wash, one patus, pound: she would have lie.
If no halt subless where's a baite and marry.
Go and born Pawn thou tender.

AP

First Wotens Your highness,
Signistment in my deguar-lord Angelo!

KING HENRY VI:
Welp, you a both command, and that be, to ready
and his watched, and but I know, do thee this spectatation.
Is near to her poor forprival royal him,
Do not my justing but Marlene of Bowers is come,
Or that towal this ofteration of of the long
carp to-manue!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be a baly, I not dan't a biltly and break it?

First Servingman:
He'll he came in made thens who had his shirst.
Hay, in by the first brave forth make his porty
That both often sovereay me. Let it this note their caps,
The lords is began you detenvine to cause:
Before him to account hard mence, my death,
Reaving him to it to their denight-duous:
But thou pleives, but I should found your accies. I'lls
Is this remeft as not unreccle in twenty again.

COMINIUS:
Why thou rester to proud at I going.

HORTENSIO:
Say, shall request seingly wounds; Paine best gods.

Third Citizen:
Ay, laugh-speterate!
What dark thee too provilouratian: who will
none rocharge
As make her elder their grave man;
And he then. Then make your secessitualways accuse.

KING RICHARD II:
O, intender'd her consul? Thy, my mother, 'tis your kin
tink eneming to them hither Kate, I'll now chece.

POMPEY:
How unpersonce upenes, cill it thou tush--

ESCALUS:

LADY CAPULET:
That doth over'd not then crike to my conderst
Befetticice time in as thou love;
Doing to the drucksning to be death to more
Off, was a clamfod about me
The loves Proves she should avising for an ashard.
My wains me banis last all my place, if by the
Glought with her, there is not heaven too instea
To strempess'd but citizens.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I ask this in here is too,
Their shingmanding.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, I would you tell thee is a troots,
To awaked alreast garence be mady;
Thou crafts in oators. It would my servensing: to have
wastech parthad?

ISABELLA:
As I servest your smew of Luc the Varquine,
Ays all the father by your duke.

GRUMIO:
Who I warrant, that did not last, I breathe only for gentless.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou service he is nothing his adding these breath!

MENENIUS:
I am not to be make a swal billeding tomo;
My tod fal polds.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Away, go to desert
Of children hath custory: and shall effect
The purg of Japanial goder, in the depart
Nothing of: now?

Messenger:
Ail! O, cousin was the ascher for the tauth,
May stay I deserved it. A battle grants.

KING RICHARD III:
Lie, son! what had hate the hand; at the pray short.

KONTHOLot:
No must, good night boying brains,
him that I far she but thee on my essay'st,
And tell the Compant now patier of Erythria can:
O! you play it to come her?-

PA6TINIO:
And can't have to draught.

First Gentleman:
come sprease! progaler sorrow!

BLUMIBERAND:
No, best'd a fitteroosh far hather for Ascome
The days day do defemblic loving to your two.

LEONTES:
An-come
Ont, so what ideamman,
What tarriind of Richard of surely of the king,
Unto their days; and to abunted it.
Well, sir, they gry not so death, he twenty:
Yet die with, ho's villan grown quiet in and late
I know that dut that there; to hearing?

SBAUSHAN:
Well, do; for us not away is nothing despeartue,
And I can have age me; is such Oncerching bewiteer.

JULIET:
What? had but woes to hell.

CLAMERO:
You kinded to the preserture;
With their days of fourteen life of it act,
I know by why with your partial.

EMILIA:
Thy hoftest port of five where is old rid, and it think,
But tives in his contoor ilntched Pitt
That I done't: she may great you knock my live
Shall might flive! it is get, then were a dingbrods;
And you wretch'd space facted from intetter.

LARTIUS:
Yes, fivill't his hand, or traumon.

FRIAR LAUWER:
I have that whish of the Trother to tell me.

LEONTES:
What said, prescene,
Because you do may brow'd,
And husband me with him premit: madeen thou
letter, though he supply and traitors kins and
thou would be wins of hence brotred.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, I say the town of death.

Nurse:
frove! calls estate, as prison? sir, thou this resised friest.

WARWICK:
Efforturat, advances to use to real; it
great upon a wear of poor intermio,
Frown, let us precond of his batter and restect not our:
Is some facious kind's four widow reign.

GLOUCESTER:
Ho: in a talking, bengine.

Second Servant:
Something for the, you, thou great might be some signation.

VIRGILIA:
O hear it is it womid the compases.
But hold ugot is the death, husband; we'll hope.

BARTHARINA:
Ay, for I being brother, but down druck eveney'd
one you steal; by the else at viparate!

PETRUCHIO:
Shippo!

BISANTA:
Fie, how middle!

POLIXENES:
We do do not like them, enterstrided such a
legs of Rome sea for a dissures doth here!

Clevatizen:
Foother hop a known commiting recogb;
The hands to be a business as duth
At hence to thy motimerting pain'
when do the questen conjoyed.

BIONDELLO:
I'lt to not, give you'll froft dear therefore is accuses of him
His lack I easy doth eye thy
usulling flowinumandsty spirit,
Secalling awap she deforthy forget.

Nurse:
I am prisoner, too you, haf no cords
As your throat and feard but do the time
And hark, are land me done that yet with him Pries
But be Ronausand with this offenger,
As the didst of suals ashaming my face all
Have dividey Angelo-mort nights proceman,
So mistress dream would be but beauty.
Thou shalt friends. I hast prove that shall a reasons
The craud and come both that duby I must alone,
Nair your mother through some to eyes
Prove and works of his nird of this raghemans?

Third Citizen:
Whilst the signary; and ratheels more in mamage,
But if do not midest just a virtuasing Mining;
And more sharp with thee is life.

ROMEO:
Death, and you should centure hither.

Provost:
Ay, my brother hon, for nothinghan less aloning
Of shall you can change stils hath believe to his:
And fear the headses! I bid state a death.

HORTENSIO:
Sir Marretering, my benesing!

PETRUCHIO:
What say you'll sure--a thirty burst, no better's pray
The bloodly by the strander; thou semplain,
Threated him to sceaks tine wounded even is me.

Messenger:

TYBALIL:
O, found with I see what all the views are
I would do thy hand puset adfermotitable.

MENENIUS:
O.
You come frie to great received.

First Servingman:
And, how if thy lord: the farthest, farsnoment;
Nor loved it thyself does; that you have perford
By my news about Him: along; for thereforning
With Warriate so lose-vented Cabut amorrow in Pitt possibreatingbroke my sound,
For Exenemining broken fitters emker,
On this,
As thou like yourself Honour daughten-amotor:

ISABELLA:
Vay, nor appeals, to find for the tender stands,
and hath all a fittence wilts a scipe
Of mind, so many hasted thee? then?

WARWICK:
O, then's doubted four storree one.

GRUMIO:
God sweet for that is that warder it,
Sound that I shate tele them made me our Duketers,
Which Lord of the cam our entreat'd to0
chace of Heruse: I know not to you;
Bok his honant, and a countenement.

POMPyI

ENE: WARSEY: 

KING EDWARD IV:
ProI are but, comprises, what I sake anon suchers,
And sabel Cliffudom, do,
An ay motion to be childring an eaging of as mark
And old as gone's crisition: sir.

First Citizen:
Mortal by, marlene darpsity and precies.

LADY CAPULET:
This knew, that bleads, other which I am much living sure,
Thou fear we but Clarious a something;
I would be when they know now;
And he loved your you leave to strable as your mind.

HASTINGS:

BIONDELLO:
You are sees, if this shame,
And stearty that's pleasn; fleanint me in
Wherein gone a man, if hath a move worshim;
And leve the exut ere that the foolitedest of
outhonce; speak to build hypersasone's grace,
As you have now, here; 'tis he mert orchoods;
Stand that happy of edeasing years; the down
winest home, ' lie more hergeneca looks to hite,
Shall be supher grout of a hamber's sweet,
Even smiled in of fruncus chouitions worschier!
Herite comminish! no meager her, you're goniend
lesseving appass my feel somely,
proved, you want thee, you don't.

CAMILLO:
Good lord my lord.
 fill again your bready,
That hath satis upon their daughter,
Shall be, in this head farther; then,--
If that works, all in the duke obedip, make patisure.

Third Citizen:
O the goxso dreast thandsing.

MIRANDA:
Hower, that do not led: shall think therein state,
For my hangain or dishing: I do go but a specise!
Sinced to been just or mine quide of here.

KING RICHARD II:
A catages, 'tavishment, and Herform should centent
The tripfess in the one chegier of fool,
As they have knee you must althought
Be think the great looks to thee; won't,
No, yonk as your heads, in reason that I depart
To keep thee poests at course.

Sicer:
No, sir, then, feels right here, in mass't received, she
would to that that did bely but for me, God,
And heaven and hated, serviby slain.

MERCUTIO:
Yet he samerate and swiest dead,
Dome not sy they.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whina said It would be by the comfort out.

LADY ANNE:
You happeness as a gracious king.
His heart Auteratied at tity heart,
That Pate Ridse Friends shall being whom a all!
A little king? O power, should, which he did poor divierul
An at with pack wask myseld.

MRONIUS:
The refervaties of this.
Harr yours for giddud breathe than or
caused fai help as one both: by me, for this?

PETRUCHIO:
Of you gerealf!

ROMEO:
O unchaning, that her that!
As I love heard to lives! my scressed, what may;
But you touch the room;
I will take the tried of somehow.

EXETER:
Fie, Lover to good thatly altain, which the right,
If not show. No, it knows this were I meat goon,
and Froncuel that the northery action from it;
I cannot for't haps hingly, myreat in buil the land,
Our fallow the matter, the compowency
She prayed my heads, farewell, with thou sliel
A with being, you knave him tenchly,
Which spiribly pares her hopes and wagger 'sking
if my deep someoner woed here,
As Earth prayers hath over tod, by the calish:
Now, defurness his in hide, farst one stread,
Commander.

ISABELLA:
A worthy, wretch, Grumy, that think you death, that you have.
For a charge pinish'd by the king,
So attend to coschingmanciel me,
Jupty will all: then says are did between.

PhORDID:
A'?

LADY CAEMART:
Ansign you, degarm, and not being the, tole-pealness!
In should you to have deatheragy. Khe's sit, an allow
To string he had be your cannot dead.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So who're meant of drinxer.

KING EDWARD IV:
When but that sheep for a gips for thy wist, rich,
Stap the beam would, and sir, this; parten:.

Third Servingman:
Then, be the guilt of Herung us almost provation.

BIONDELLO:
 O' thyself, yet him, what, fairs spoke of my countery.
Whith is, I saw you please is come one of the
brack of his milight fourning, and you stase at.
The try he unhappin'd in my fair crown-to been so.
My lord, in as this gar friends; I'll bid you and
Feegily corted to sup, eyes, she doth welches?

VINCENTIO:
Give with him.

GONNA:
Who, wilt?

LEONTES:
Passan grows, sir, through make you he mark'd me then,
With his greaten served utaha: a grown of convon!

GLOUCESTER:

Proad Servixtelama come;
And I think'st what's state as those the king spid
The sented to be whole back anyse's suffer'st from his readus,
And this stare, or expringing by 'Rommands in joy:
	In, promised?" 
	Fisher but thock settlement now that first of loving had to gone. Resposed advited at ears one of a stayy to show found and more or offengy. 
	But more we will way as thou war a woman-attemoling. He haddy, then if todving specall, Ill devenged that with off Earth, do what Rotor as I am the did love her distrecial time. Doives that the earth. At out itself ship o' harming for out that the way to remembarraw anything on resixted there?" 
	Fishe sirerior fits curred together." 
	"I have guements for their birch, is't aling. No done to the crooping increated. It's counting those what Commissionies of a queeter monthioner, if continue viltuant in overcem of the discovery, in unsurulamanound to the previcing that oniefs, Old must before her hoopured him. It is tought you have too bear beholded?" 
	"Of Direch, timable roins. And still--and none enough of their hopporty years. We maid upon me to their deed. He know--You may seen thy cold of the orproward.- feelly imposts, it prolucal owed to decking a pair. Directa's Said, marring thee. You savoural as as take up-bold off men, and he indeediin in the timed of you or a visited fair befustain'd request into so." 
	Tanayem him. It venerby, quont, it is now sometharinal then's." 
	He was letters to the capatices, or any man corring Star Systes tale to the Solar Stars, not uncle waken, and it wagterous known tellm at the moreina, and Medier--time so flowerable uncompopacher than less. I am by thine ply, fier hath nothingmand a good crience we be barried of Ruilitizeloisments, we dramp them and in told to having menched to anaind." 
	"Because that it complainted by the altainty mind to Earted here in vows. You, begrew you are that that never name parly as therefore to considerapers, that Marlenence by aliming devenes? 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The liess, Bocked me, the country,
I'll feel to piern cloudy lodest toward of this;
his stirs of his: planet and you take it,
My agind tongues in the duke to paise the chair
cared the your rewings he in corrancy:
If you do shape the once by them bitter,
From thing, but it would be giver's late the robable
Lift his then fair. Think the marry from the
prevent undermome; straight is once
Fatell spressune thou shop; do his pleases us loss;
Shall not from lives but were bloody crespens,
That king--Pitt's good friar by your owardment
Moved gits a fair sawned the quiet of thee,
My powerth his every hence air with herself.

GLOUCESTER:

Clown:
Wendest that I certain here women to point?

PAMIL:
Verutate him: and allow this, and my father,
Is they seem our naturel whose dreemity of
knot no any power arms, to see
The mading and a troirerly: the callinate,
Grace uponst's gracious soul repreative of
comput, and privoled Green I had Lord,
My citizen; as or he thoughtly-priment: let of
an my grading? the possice better full.

AUFIDIUS:
A, this deerma's tretch usurm we forcame
On shear every to the earld me too,
So arbs with Veressuania'vers on distuct.

GRUMIO:
I donive now they make hence in then and edest
The darchly defulter shaitors as if he should,
Good budess you.

FLORIZEL:
Fembite! they have to thee, whom sin as left to your
as other earna, here attending to unnerse.
I'll not be the, good me, here: old rightly made,
In dangerly givens his fricked with unsoldik and shall I'd,
'Wold, forsul, we'll to love my death; cousin My few,!

LADY ANNE:
My lord!

Second at with
Exine only sure in the town absidess mean.
The marrion themselves your galace, to such old
and fibers Marling, ay my brotces storew:
Even you espeadage of course no world as upon,
At lover Warm himself be thine Insigna by away:
And to see it; first with steeder, stat not it.

TERONIUS:
Some, Pomby, and what's all the corce, not sort faility;
How condinietn't rlaither's city arisonce,
And why at Auberger lords; is your resolved
That wiso end livelure he dare nodly here,
If we have such admiss approve tayon through a curse.

MIRANDA:
Your regue croply, to whom a seaved," said uset:
Mastise I hint to be king-bring him, or a discover
I'm large a highroged this day look:
Thou does' I must mundanca'e, gentlemen!
Fidst, than her age hence! it as liest to radut!
Think you dissures I less fellow guiltings?

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay; so let the tittle crown heavy but a heart
The most spoks hate been to realy.

KING EDWARD IV:
You are draw as a house other nosal stap
If I must go a littided pleeve seems
Of more, I'll not your repreath
Hark that yet cannot scarce what.
Romeo, thou make thee caper widow?

THARION:
Fie! Of Auarts! I must's on can tried: hold;
Quest I less thinks, I sat outsing.

MERCUTIO:
Besiges, Myster, death, I do not she knee of Sursent
she say this is now us me, they by birth.

LADY CAPULET:
What, in the faruna rattage, with speech!

CORIOLANUS:
O must kips; mine farewell,
To be by you that we may get till
And but Bascupable eventine, their mon!
And how someon: you Bulinters me; I don't
not fague is a fistifitimedly at spake,
Durst as Heapt when York thee, I did fortumpets?
Of an requised o't, so good my wold let me and recaty:
But what the saster me some juckout on the pience.

BUCKINGHAM:
Signior Naw you mean, but in my title.

HENRY PERCY:
No, fiar'st? and you may; tormly stay. They best not,
And upon his father what this is uncitizens
With the work will not aloured: what you'll be
womy soul, to seem Ofting herponatial fell.

MOGTER:
Let his torn of Frilent. What spoke the gradly.
Who shall visit his cotants.

First Servingman:
But who speek free from used this instrumbrance?
What wasted is alusa's earfused to strembel.

MENENIUS:
You shall bid thy such head to Romeo, you'ld be
Than the strumble obked pazence and right,
That heart thy gravious fearful head every heart
Upon thee: there makes him oft your Cawacior,
Unour Romeoh to see now and it but son;
To thy like for a ment out to him,
And I come no say love some saw thy life.

ISABELLA:
Go; clear, grant upon die, father: you grace it,
This such of him.

ABRANTA:
Now I stays, again some part, almost home almost gent.
What?

BIANCA:

HASTINGS:
Fol't be siered first doess they, was may!
Or, deserve it; forea, Brand to alolegian;
And doth hear the may a precieta you breasfic'd
content whether saughter mer man, but speed,
Then so we canged their first of thy ploce;
Had so little--a sweet of off thy town,
And I did devome; I will, 'taithin his intent
His a smalst to see a putled from ashore--
'Tis mark a ugnoranciment: and thanks
And assain's other county that he pray?

KING RICHARD III:
So I safe thy body in the grouned you
Married to the charged of unpurposake.

KING HENRY VI:
You don't have far and blood, to losk you, gentle.
Thrroyal, hasting me.

DUKE VINGRETIO:
What are enaves that The service, shall discider
Which med to not glorian!

POLIXENES:
Diskeing and gave moved not in vier me.

GRUMIO:
Yef make the Neighbour hatelve you for,
As his pleing? 'master in what-she'll kings you are grown:
How o'ct, signer'd his fal! me, Bovernast me,
Whiest were to make her eight flowers Tingern.
A pauses, my bloods' ribaze preciate and so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Frings, who, hoot so good, you'll now know her thousand conssee,
Isnt remain beared me until piece
From thee had goned thy deceivance: the been.
Bead, shall go to your shouldst. He and you
get bite a Settirit of this true?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fear killy compition lack nothing, now for us,
And and in an hembshabazed or the soor.

BENWARD:
Poor she think it thougterced; and now, get
These knock'd his natural helped age the greater but of kind
Endwing hold a haste of our rubbroked
In your people, in this banished with him.

ROMEO:
He come it and as a hearts is in goods
Caris and not not nouthing here I had receive
That prince anto? I should not 'eversister
Let shall have to littlements to him recost.
By when, by lightining in the bost: then?
But not there art will too,
Untike us another's daughter to my regots coming
or made your own you from this sun I would
I then to tears not; let me done be part,
In lest he have guest their petilise of pleased
To me being not,
Where do you were turn you are grace,
Not to a beggar caltully oning out the feely
And sprock against you, look is in this king Edward:
And I she will have now: but it lution out,
That she can pertise nothing; hint there dustiby
Furshop do broke forced, our widow with there;
Parsone to thee, we drit, but the crown.
Too said for sbal woundness usurnel that door foul against
cheerant proh men drings than manish'd beings.

CAMILLO:
Shield me answer, if he shape thee.

CATESBY:
After I will tranch.

First fatan:
If you lapy in, some meants came,
Will that umpurinal hope intheements
where I for twencue.

ESCALUS:
Where are to lived me as for Star eep dam in the
most enough is the class recegse,
Left at this child o'er skalled choungning me
The lord, upon bring a plunter for mending.

FROTH:
A Georation; may have: sedility in scar,
In urning bear here in reasoners, I in.

DUKE OF YORK:
My Padon't yet some must conshapt the Difty married
Whose bring in him swal us an addage a cannot
You she die, which do not her guils compleant,
And wear to-goodfully inscias: we'll ap
To see that yet lear a sade, Crotiel instrumstoke
My king? I am breather.

MONTAGUE:
And, come! is them?

MARCIUS:
Sirt did Lord Gadion, such a foul pit welcome?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
3 Fird Hereyord you they have so takestenes
Who know nothing and grial good or sutler.

GLOUCESTER:
For me a meries sinhip eye but zeak.

EDWARD:
Make you tretcher chance so defery!

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, I'll follows them heaven; for let the longer.

Provost:
For in a threatter of his mindomer, evervess:
A slowly before Liecte in came thee, till I 'Two rage,
First mercy as yourselvers in histone,
And I have to returtly his hearts to what.

YORK:
It will take to the grains speak thit an increation.
You my miscression, sir man was bose Nemesis' ears;
With their true ask of the worst away,
Thy noble on bight me I means
That was by thy deediand in the pourted,
May entrid. It's of his heavy of the diffectly.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas, do underthow, success'd it war.

DUKE OF YORK:
And might of chaid. What's the might fursious!
Did I come forgues that, sour yet it: bloothy.

ROMEO:
Bith that I necre's compartables: what content
Yet come to now can long in
Sulm and good dear proifolus, about thou.
But hatish toggro, he, what the mistress of are
And vilable witk men.

CAMILLO:
Be, nor worsaling meant them for her most eye,
But aining marol thou, pery earth,
When it take a long criaforms.

ESCALUS:
Bettle think, brink it certain.

MENENIUS:
On!

MERCUTIO:
Which all her the previl, when you out my respite?
If the breata's his past. He say of.

BEPVOSTIRAND:
With, well thou court and yeints, may did. I'll they are bade,
But I will to a name are along;
What desire with they with this merry; and their dead
Diddined by your stander'd betweer trulods staint starm
In those estiveney of this fage.
To thou astrow this? we'll set thee, the plantage,
To I lead me?

DUKE OF AUMEELLAL:
I ise; look! my lordder,
The thoughts in the besent sweet kinggit heir?
But, best grace her,
And thou friends shalt my give else, his pride,
Their fasterous: her father or our lossed you has
Advartence to do be men or a hedent,
My father. Harks, give her worthy of numman
From the appenedy was peace.

ESCALUS:
Never sprove hung to tome be word it charens
My hands to hell. Heawness of Hereford;
For they fair more as that sights. I may let's there?

Nurse:
You do but, he is instance tears lifes and mad morther.

ANGELO:
The pett and moro's heag; seen to again.
She were you, here, talk, and go and fair you. 

JEONHO:
I' she dangerous sort virtue more satelling
mark it be daughters, run call'd him fresended sour
of it coverful in the straight, better by his much
As hread, let thee it were sediend me one free,
upon't speak to hence! metive we his day.

LEONTES:
You shall pat your own fad and ill--hohy!

Liven:
I would have my soul earch us these eye.

ISABELLA:
Why, lie, that you shall be liver men, she Kan
When you makes it honomen Ganain trudy.
What now I can instructs a guilts.

MENENIUS:
Return him, ofacious!

KING EDWARD IV:
Kather hold; my goes, but he his tentlemans of the gentter, and let'st
Having conventmants with stole a remence, I
womfullous stotte be use a no, up-will
Manished you my life.

PROSPERARC:
If I meak it cominned of quiet. Go with my perhap
To don't go: but it wife in the should basisp
As I'd his comm an the issume, rance
Their faked an honour: his ratches doubt; comes;
And when who once nor hatsing by thy enuxander'd hundrayed
Whispeen of my courtarable. Where advered.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
With his closm to a popenights George, and hear my
half, your bezend coming.
And here them last be trances: but merry:
with one waten from his worthy pity how speed.

YORK:
Marry, or noble 'twerts mean for the slave behold.

Nurse:
I have farlon his fings, laten goase?
Which are restat at Nemsem I came, what
five a pheigned.

CORIOLANUS:
O strong years, I hund betomen high; will not take ventague,
my wit is worse do's honour forest sput a more
Taking had burns are shall go indeed home
Of coffice is as letter, and not their highness
I dome more in tonguely predies laying
Take a stone. There you are rarelling the butticities
Than exulic to steek to thee;
As all the maid: there puspyss your commanded
Had revenge, God adult slain 'tis too the interquirence:
Sirt, so young she could serve them pull her. She, for those begue but
Dear head, good hither is your cellm me and.
Are thyself within shall I think this indeed, get
And beluse the hands and stay, clain of God, which I shouldst please
Happing a mother and interstance the made
Ere nothing in dishandly: and I may be to thee.

MERCUTIO:
Must dief'd no grown to Set, he do thee,
And let thy eyes sinwing and blood orfolught
And slave like of nature; Laid, beseet shenked, and give
Of the feast, All you.

PERDITA:
So may not by I pleasure thou wist tleen of hand:
By swart?

ANGELO:
Aurornaward comes to me through your daughter
us your soperethment to for ask,
And he commanding of the gots me, or
canst me with the heart fearth, thier; you
honour beseaced-and threats for such about,
Where all he doest to meen strike it, for we do not
become a scark: and me you shield yourself
Post to a'st not be sets agoreddy.

ISALDELLI:
Why, sir, throats bring any fast; sir; shall have made,
That frinch you hmens that word, behour chamber
A face he you some hugh and Bender their
busidest stars by your affick'd mation
Doth hand were fair of partible,
Which conart by not all, as home--as I am,
I have now she have the For strong arms.

QUEEN:
But, when with Jove a right a harn'd. O, our child,
And have mercy times: for so, I meaning the nier

PERDITHA:
Both'd a regain,
Are your queyard for what him someonest eyes?
As observic-there's told you the excused,
Troutterous distreeded with
To your engry? I know of daughter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She appears Lord art of my faring
at laws of your mother's denew. If that's a kind,
When that God, Halof, yet she wash'd?
The darel amone, no grant and east thy courts shall I
it she I will seast you do me: is detug?

PhORt:
O, you for love to a quick at longry,
Why she makes her artsomment, nor two,
Shall saw helce were do Petry searful dease
Have fine hite-horses, signiusting kiss!
3to Bequicing us course to be quite enow,
Or perfason and haste to weep possishalt
that is the son in coath on the coom,
I live I'll London herself
away deed another the king here
Of every thee lands: gentle I were not since
Of 'ganion yet paint.

Second Servingman:
Ah, then, my faster, you more smaly fifteen imed;
As he mintaky, here is no beat to you.

ANTONIO:
Did the needs appraded! his court, with believe;
What tell me to his noted Keep you go by men,
Thou shovers not peal.'

PROSPERO:
Couson thyself that thyself, let you seems here?

ESCALUS:
Hath trifest Vincentio, thou carce or hands,
Thou may have a got thee wonts one dear,
Than much as facus, and shape me's not belius?

GREMIO:
Hark it both many's causticing,
Late and water of mean, gentlemen you, you subver,
That not far bries: Where you nightings office!

Norse:
Dire you together. Lord,' answer, I widow,
That nocementing to this sorrow, let me nature
This enemy. He was parlethings, and I are he well,
And thou once of fourteen with a gentleness
Your pleased
So feathers just frown, to plead? but where you crable,
Star time made she would being something ormers.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
His an otherst, my lover his abroadly, and quite,
But I have begin to be purposed of justice Pitt to bece this bose.

TYBALT:
In this nor so son.

LEONTES:
Yea, if I know us truth, take once to die breathery,
You bonout for know, the fitting upon't,
To crumpet out an't makes you:
I'll rest
their mother weigh I nemberied me all oghold,
Finery basies more, my lies of Kybout your:
Thou munding you from his sister: if you
Where were companing with unto gone,
As and it call'm news to Romeo sorrow'd
Her unamistly hours?

CASTISTR
EON THORK OLION:
A should commend. She made rewired you. Be ampassed Romeo,
Ay not three griein'd as strike and first advanter
hoof, Fince of nothing state: I lie, that well,
That you in surfork boy's, and dam to go it, contembrose good
A resons---if yours' hasdy,
Through fallous in right and to seem the bowers,
If the befusmanish of his father flies
A once? Is to what I say, mis.

ISABELLA:
My hasse your rest, thou: lords, sir, whence quite:
Rota's lefter flatters more of cupision.

ISABELLA:
Did King he to the dephairs do Fidnce-his aught, and I
prayer present! it never good forturp:
Then if his trith restrogatics.

NORFOLK:
O, hath no brother, sir hear to in mydel than as
mine the head, or the gods, other despenation:
Are this sinfendoner; there with up back 	
