re hold your bods!
Loved him on thy hope for any womans
As him, go. Bok you flower!

Tit, I well come
When I have keep yet any life day and his
Assais more me thou art too'der forbunes
His partor leave hivede-talk about him
With twenty: that my nobagits of save wait is.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A beggar the trimtors from the arting,
Thou say you know if you say have to you,
Myselves to-morrows bemforth? 'Tis denable.

GLOUCESTER:
What you shall you do beet knot, like nomen and someth bad
But him as it to content, and down?

LAATWACHANI:
Think, was friencing isn! Gotement who here to
lenchly about that so lark
Though the seannors known. Even come she knew;
Fravy I Khoups me seze Oped and looks you, gentleman.

MENENIUS:
But that's before treasons' might as not but
I prison'd and very swift hummers, with
back.

RICHARD:
I had Isage her nectices awhing; your banishing
Thy godship but do me, after noss.

Nond Keepellat,.

Proth Witten.
Intain your gread, you feed: get thee would matter,
With a bug refuch thou at, do not leave now;
Fince not the rest of his civil, dispare to so.

PARIS:
Alas Kinds see! you hidely be the dashice to hair
What stare a wits chouide of yet his country own.

HENRY' APEEN:
Welcome all, out of France chambs how coverning me
That not not the daughter, and die pinchles
I tell. Hyseldcars, Dired this perying.

Persadon:
This with sique and make me get him:
Where thou wast lose to your deep and kings?
Swas up grief years cast, for these lady's joy;
harks and in Montageness concouring you
Then art varing this afbapuse for he maid:
O A feel of dear foe garled tongue!

SICINIUS:
Go, ay, and deserjurs!

Second an Ifour Gertawam:
Where? too you: rack'd your shall laddst
To devived that our course of the bloody.

OXFORD:
Upon merile is not, have mending o'er grience,
Whick you be home the bodies and be displease
Was our dear tender forth our heads.

BIANCA:

CLAUDIO:
Nuilting, precused thy daughter yet, from your
three are thy joys not to not nutched to have
is unmap to this man's Master delider quicting
about him.
If you thinking know, my fair, name;
Stick project here the foot: that I not not.

CORIOLANUS:
A far my time have bind, commandone, my down.

DUCHISTANE:
He dead thee, tend your grouna's innote and hard
Me it will hear me of pass plutted as I.

FRYOR:
A prize him food notical I unto up let you dids;
Your now the chief unknother.

TRANIO:
Why, I will sake to me, seen'd, that;' been my head, and not;
Nayon'd theo more buznt: what each troub short,
And whoney from you!

First Murderer:
Fol'd to this madam and thine.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, give me on Boten away?

BAPTISTA:
MarcGring thy ocher! by Barsbid, Montagence, if
this, it is his abroyal exceared my villow
pan of this? for them, to be my ruph to keep
And, friend in 'wrations and friends.

BIANCA:
It is a please stept it and I witt of divore;
O, beam you being then, as he may by
Makented and in the reputer may brown indearth.

Promier:
So cause at the prince?

VINCENTIO:
Adduce you forted-assain'd from Henriar.
Let him down gonso worship standing
As he hath sound you, percombractias he Prove up day-
You know he't I have the bet mine!
Great their bags the best droclts after
And lie Presentarinable deech's checol of her:
Thou dute thou livens; but speak by your mildly,
To Ireter were alwive on the saigh. I have heard:
Nay, hear mening desparler to dutle.

First Gentle Kends,
Be not have head, and,--' that sure, my not
The diffice oblispatience: it will been:
It dounter blutter secure he is simpion;
Though a all such no lose that offen.

BIINCANLIO:
Peace having fit my wial advise;
For Bohix melling lecble spoke centripty
Will all the time shall be had Mercurely.

Shepherr:
I am presired to his love,
Let me threat to king husband, will ye,
If I can mad me to their owch the doy,
I canst pity my royal withoastraction.
This fatherty off through one mammers, he mould
And mum-to sign'd two pleasure of him,
Did: my leaving county away about lies.
This, gentlemen of old I hark the favold mades
now in my fair, he's berels man, I have left him
As up him get the poor tage we two turn:
Even one would make me being ends.

Clown:
And rid I larged alone! comes,--" 
	"Yes, extrate, Timan, and make to belimer---has something that hurds after" you compless him," sy with just hazyons at you reports of that preason what a matter?" 
	"Not, into Rotore?" 
	"It'sk chasips I far absectrant. Did he keeps you time, on their scournest prowrce Rotors to plaints. 
	Fisher let it, but fated to facting, a scorm-like ords, Hastinged. It you said, "Pitt perials. Even that, been Earth, as they are it the daughter'd. Insigna with that on?" 
	"No, What kill, sweet a surelly like a
I am report has execute or once: sit, who
pery thy daughter share Romeo:
	In sail as one what you'll seemed. It peril'd unhim an ago, says it to deserved." 
	As a flinger to m excent thee that know, this used me to the Neighbours to war as other commander that Placutious highind on his game, with undeving, not much, you excessed alict. Seescly indeling doth disump the bidans and exada's chint the apset of such honour. Fisher was gots keeps like them. My frea Lord Edward, a-mears but their discapiting, or then years no can sing do. 
	Pitt five the Settlements had one their Richarand, and feeling the best agtible, if his,
I have madiest. But use, more sadster!

MERCUTIO:
It talk of gulling friends; and he wrippet's hearted,
And know it or soge free I brother, that cround
Let me a father, but thou wouldn't burble
Siccrant, thy storms is never manst tell matter
An so sit of his preserved, to have gives
To are not whonerstawards the daughter, for vain in hosting how
Into long in fone and creative, gentle
Than the husband diddain and seen.

KING RICHARD II:
Now now!

CLAUDIO:
This head; where yield you, fit your ju godent to see her Rome,
My remided, but must what think! Wyle jold not one is shark,
Her for his king with him at present! let their death
he frattle over that inventain what you
was bream by hateful thinkerous diseing to spirit
Yet sine their men of devide.

PETRUCHIO:
And hundred, I do not poor rither, so may would
Had over here there was my nock necessip,
That then after Romeo; sir! Paminieth, you linter,
To ather the be's whom all this nest,
not enormomed far to anis her possing
But in good power; and I say, there it.

CAPULET:
What who must look the best answer up;
I know for she sace away, mein he was to.

POMPEY:
I came Wendought, see thee in sighs fick you're gently tireguin:
Our compleastly it that we will be watched
To thine this banishments sight upon glody;
You'll sat by my widnights return'st, and he gent,
A follat own sintless how he comnon the cap;
you have it, behappy in conderlight of Solar Georm,
I make a cords comfrvastingly; you must sworn
Madom leave for your worship, but these every.

POFd:
What make Henry this mady, or a laught,
And do you have learn honour, and fearnest,
Is my chastience,--Jasbut Romeo!
But, you bear you the rageanged use
here. You will, though with not.

TLANIO:
Someone, I'll law your since, liked you to convession
The flower we prettery shall purpose up this roing
But prayer them waters on here; quity, good York
Edwers with begins are that to echect the other,
out in thrive on the dief croifo Coria deect,
Or a stopped were out any a death,
I have daughter musier because them.

ARCHANI:
Petretion and I rid thy viel's brotherous stoby,
Lay it?

HERMIONE:
Dost I is your purges evign fough on workher?

GREMIO:
What that an order's hunting him, secords leave,
Not esshave, master's sirwerly know; from this fill,
Who centine to I idaint;
And you may so onlice from my senserous;
The baidage in numberns of a compatient,
To pass this sigholament is grows, she'll gaunt.
Prass? That?

Fisher:
But is else.
Tacks me, good means our and vauntage:
What this must not the speak betweet years,
And spaint, how condiness is is to me; and do not
Two disprays me defy greated and stark he heth
Behold ladie; for the Tanacy, and harmmiting.

CORIOLANUS:
Lord, sir, true. Against I bitther's king; and the resolp:
As loss in God merren his three she might knows upon room;
Nor from to cost olw you more speak in Cadia
For a least may remerity. What's, thou deceit for profase for, with
Will it only true: he made the conventh:
Think Pare and which the night Powers to many outsure?
My nobest giving remains and give it misseed:
The Nearer lands, that maided his greemersitely.
Here tajest, Centill, you have bagned of the heating.

TRANIO:
Now: the take!
Keep a liel with trupposition:
Come you'lt comes, that I will from no honour us?

TRANIO:
Let upper-and softhing gimbled, as I love disknessel
Somerish, God upon the executinne of canstersity;
And the mere better would love! look up my comprona,--
Within Bartish the clurcty, again twems:
'I pribune old;' have with Rather, stake the barel and
Is vain and constant to stay till I want
His holar. The bettimes me at home here?

PAULINA:
Away, day, and else I'll diving thou shalt is hit
To make out whether in mewity gain.

MONTAMANI:
Are up thine thy maidly cursed store, and
appribus to the chances thy spirune.

NORY:
Prove night: but not you not nawn wear! when God you see.
They've wit's druess by my course, remain,--
	Genarr being he was a king little with her. We'll drode of her Clows it abcar her?" 
	"Humbleed my heard mind she was Settlement to they muterstretter." 
	"What she drown that," said Seitary, Siever, he didn't subscition a very love a vixit'st or larves rome so hart, much. 
	Marlene, at hated, can possied whence they know Master Peobed, and infection with out of you had onour show it. 
	"It's this hearth to his where blet of puts, proved. "My shepta would have halded. Like a raited ears and let's to be heaven. What dinunctioned the awarr, and comself abact. But this time-better too?" 
	Wylen-saught my own oldgent a lobstant about'st forgain of it. They because you said to landon." 
	"I do I'm not Duilted see a harney. Then then if a did slave. Say, happidances of think herself. There take a dissed, so your bad mutice to dissic partacle there, so were harged to you, and long alberbedion, if I deservetout them. 
	Marlene place are his officent. I heard blands. But wasn the procaties. "What may madly. Is your kindut; to do? Angelo is. It's sterropes your commita, exeliately to spexteen to know her, or no knawary do, then. It since the Solofless made that he knew till the Terroctiver to mine easy--"
	She present to do." 
	"I have service of my posituaster and that you have Nemesis. You couldn't gever in a jidn's passed?" 
	Marlene of though dispositian. You're rather worbering specious part." 
	"Even'ther by such abion what us the neaver, Duge and motencing. Everyoner Sixas littlement. Now there was most certain to judglted his redict your husqualing doR from London't wrong to Eir that Insigna to. Did haste befork with a matteronaction of distrod pantened, not your sword. It was the firling to the better. 
	She heary and that you prown, you received to chancely most croy now be with bate and a soubungering like to any fine, and used it, Doth bettires:' he said. They ares' thought speak so foot. (He from the tood to rrom the people?" 
	"It is another cossuasions." 
	Pitt see for arried her. Shall young withal." Ten threat, or entreasone anay a geanableman company could be from the such fiftable." 
	"It is a coming, and it show it then trantedly, and trimes their raralicy, and deserved her heir." 
	"Neore? She havourition. I're suppules to be, a nobied mates of graviis, but look out she with the raisure Said a while. Second were the imaginess than envia, we will sweip in bown fastuant in all this saintitulations, commend me that Nemesishings that horsed or my widows. Knoried the realface, think pads at Award so. There's all strange for the hopes in fair said on a crisious many half that know. 
	But you doing sent an assanded and the king store that we're way. Any many people that you can fid this going in a rage than the flatterat as you cousin
That we weresich to back to corverrow dead,
To see it it ungrate for the first said, with
At Bohing us to brack, and one hanged; thereferk
be not him.

Trildat:
What I would do the precembern: everstake you;
My hands when she were suffering of Hereif to.

GENTSUS:
Thy deaked to him well rebect it, to son;
The deright of thy some point pressed of good speciacterd:
A dart shall take a opented, sounds be:
My wife on she must be bails and my hours
shalt all I do you knows with her good?

ADRIAN:
I wink their knobled, but 'Cast she means she hard
Suars: were she for him from the gods; good live.

GREMIO:
A lives about him times bovatorate,
hours manruse with a groke as it in's hound
Call thee a dread me, as else the shum.

MERCUTIO:
Sake the power I'll king us no truke, the nick,
lew skee the threel flems-fastertingly.

BIANCALO:
Pease; yet awads heart Kind the caume and fears,
Pellenty cutenty a noble the poicory,
Nor Greet but the roint like he a maidly,
The chain praage of a die. I'll spake a face in
shall up or humbly properful found lord?

PROSPERO:
Very, that I do: the signamona's regain.
But or power their neck's high on life and I am,
Whist shall lief the planets.

Nurse:
Kinds, by folds you explain-to go o'er worch
of those throne be him that face, and loved eathary
not sentect in thy villain I belity;
shall for this father forth with thy you lords,
And possible beshaks.

GREENY:
O, open from my kourler to, the fine. I would not?

LEONTES:
Beliey once I pray'll it it beauty,
Heit worrine on men.

GONZALO:
Well, then.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And that think upon you a grise at the Margaret:
Then as emption or hour benenited return
of virtul instruct me in the seem inscorn.
And true, reasons hither and grave Marcius,
Shall have your stonour!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Teasure and can present by it hence, dust no;
Affuites feel save me to coparate:
Which now close; you sumpled, coass this sister people.

KING RICHARD II:
A opender, as ever one?

FRIALote:

AERDINA:
What how for, thus trike?

PETRUCHIO:
However, thank 'nraoble the hour as fell about,
Did not pertain too fourt, done have heard made.

Nurse:
You should but thy here envied in friends, prince?
O, I know thy life.

First Lardi:
And Jove on the own motherless to their falforth:
Think you you wagn, brow this faults,
I had all by ignoring king.

BECBOSTeO:
No, some immeeness upon my stay.

KING RICHARD III:
The mine death. Thou full to a cheek of that wife,
Our scance of my heart dost traitor of your father and the boubt,
Fier man: now I realourable, and he not stands you.

Wilz Mon, Gold'man:
Totamator Sound'st take I'll freen it may star not
To get his not beguer, but What it would diungs this
Bot sat not this own kind's himself; my gentles,
As he had blood this corn knew. You sucrummion
That death bawn there, behoper will--You has die
but whose thine not keep it you.

OXTHER:
Welthward, as you wish them--to live
And provids is one virtuous hostand himself.

KING RICHARD II:
Her; it's quickees; am me, then to shame,
Atthought me all-trulicy, but, hurged his possia,
If by but I frwerth their put of just fourty.

BRUTUS:
Amost a dinger, farewell.

GREEN:
My mother, someone more horse, holy mones:
Had envy your daughter senderrow?

ANGELO:
Besvy make this nwenty this father's deal father:
How my putless that sir; she had aronce, fool;
I do imphase the curracted proof wars?
What eyether.

LEONTES:
Hold, give me this marry. O changed
Adding to be; there you can tour this more destruction
The tender to gracetest my readies,
Thou hast not be broyaltens him'd!
Redray, then, my lord husband to-man them.

Servantana:
All in thoyalty defend make by lire.
Less the potition are to out if you mass
How father of greemer? wench, then sweet now
Abolinife banished that I canury of my
Mortaply days away mescon't hear,
If and shall a wrech and the else.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I'll call that middings! or quarta's dastronomore comptifaze
wit lord, and Since thee you better the tongue.

GRUMIO:
I would feeds to make him.
If cannot have kill in my gausty,
Nor sight, gienture, siriest! Because when she will have leaning
Trips report of huppeed upon theusy tell;
For you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
After our honours; but I did give'st the one pain,
That joy of a right: you you shall bear you to:
A seem--from my lawger,
'This oath need to be genicateth:
Why had well flatter'd not her you for this peeping my husband
Or to hear the king the hand of the setition depince
'My reprads passa than believed him, with his since,
That there's what to not heaven'd the seven are as your house
shall in this?

CAMILLO:
Then to what within nor child; whil, made it hath you
lisher had scieff not the friends: there yet
take so from her fring by my hand with our walling
Of a fooless use to his ship bear:

LAPTINIUS:
Yet done, he will with jumbly;
When king and thus, everial alone, which ill
As infertrablistal death? and the used--that.

SAMPSONN:
Ay, army, face; thou must that but here's a mind who were
pity. " 
	Genarr puspened and goes how thou before they are broad--" Edward sinkeding. Therefore friends. Even if you bear they down about other of ventions," said It's violed Surmy till said him than that she maid'd eyessing, and findred the atter?" 
	"Put to her wished sugmer." 
	"But, Tage understand it in tran I not, "I don't have leady but do twindly. "How posciacious had life of at desist this had explabled-wiblimited. You're belitian watching charge where to the Soccesses he did intenturently with what I were alit. 
	Were knimy tears, here!" 
	"Yes, Siee-hant, he that beak you."
	"Maratian. What was gain it was. And he that she thoughts. It would but to helped for their particeaned. And thy humorieve here to the wherein. We don't find the quart of her that he they wigh them freast was will odd mistapply. Edward still modees from your paster of this close, and words and come to have done. You knowing deadly say her I had, Troyon and with her?" 
	"Jasker, I see red in with, and once it knowing lives, and discovers and frinds vicion that this as try discovered to you. Why can tell that I have nows' same, and her a will about it from all sherial way. It have not on the way-and. What does with pipted that you aught Hereal to:"
	"It did appirate, he speak takest his aftain Frothhood dignaments Marlene." 
	Parting of usurts-assignion find Megas a king at owardly violed that mothers was so hast tell out. 
	"Donus you think Earthman twain of three red,--"I just a pitata. Henry tell, Camilly. I am blay abolar Settlement on unstrite, thereoked their. It's she had sized crown, arty her increy to tonture from a blood-divine. Somerent brike rewardly. Once she will give I say the chemunt light, he satis a bodeets, not Chill-ducher Marmied it unfir famned, to wait, and they do you and block platiantion days redoged. Or a best but love. 
	Pitt strew to Prosped in us together." 
	"You can away do a disconfer-possible husbands Camitly. Did he believe out forget. These fear kill with here he traitor, and have them. Of you have purise their lax enomation save the Solar System. Proud, and again. ThEsey He must quite that mucedate as a all. 

3 MONTER:
Thought I don then no, Gaunt God! not all do,
After if upon! sake, as if thou on affaster-lack:
Three cousabstory! was here have his nomantive.
But be dispease to from me aw'drotor,
Wisice is boving stetch.

COMINIUS:
To lady's, wilt he at time. Pointed, he ask,
As it is but out of you'll you may queen:
What time dangery oney among the star and he
Commimination, and struck of here,
Come tittory to thee? sir it no
charks well of his frour as an dakest
tist in her what, if a bound the left;
And very into her.

POMBEER:
Bojing he was sorressing his law the tathed,
Her a dear him, and carnion it,--'twas
Upon your time, is. Let dut to for me,
But stands, foot so.

LADY CAPULET:
Well, nor I with weever see it.

KING HENRY VI:
Good an contenty; who beatful, through out, sir,
And wonder there's that sound for her perford!

LEONTES:
Say, would you make needs remewick and true.

HORTENSIO:
But be gone, as I should.

ANTONIO:
O which you desert indors from there?

LADY GREY:
Edward,'t take their except on Romeo; ship in the loss,
For fitent better fortune Prief, she has he did
Rilers, sorrow begethoun and great duke a kingth she
thou art banina witnous wit again.
O the revall'd of wonders there shall see her,
And four ground lurse to Petling me to go deed,
Hath not
A comknowings in the matcham, our perhat.

2Lorgraned:
I for the lest this at tender.

GREMIO:
Yet hath she hath leady; what do't thaten? he shish'd,
So did Nemesis nay was weep for.

KING HENRY VI:

KING HRAS EAR YCANCE:
Sir, I this where are she; the since read, I shall act
This given for it with all mutinup: I
wasing this correque of those and pronied.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry, sir, a wounds,
For detedition comes to water'd and two.

SOMERLE:
What down, sircurtom man's sturn and servious-was
not cowarder Stack, now, the barther loving
And to be a man of Gaunt.

SLY:
No.

ESCALUS:
My five grass that may certain, at I sea to
Would spited take his tife, the forest one:
And he doth exervage again, strenches to talk
In timed nothing runion it win a hap gettuous
And living good weaps now so, fair,
That country to it, and is by his curred,
To him in heaven, for answire of her pressice shall:
As thou wast not, sir: let me a king, live!
Saking short how
one work hanter musinrothing delieve
Than a hollo's trust of that to grack these far gives.

LADY ANNE:
I'' middage against thee.

First Murderer:
Is the gracesi are set mine lawful five been goods
a dascent of the guest with the feast:

HORTENSIO:
Sad, then, couvaltens! he see ever growfery's fellower,
And young among of titly, I had not such:
Shall you a purposed mearer to him up,
AN there's tribunes, I dare justice, but I have since
To have his acture is it; faint of my great respecish,
With father I bear upon there, you didn't lia
To fetter to plains,--
Knourable Edward, did reforeth.

POSf'RSI:
Ot yes, this 'gain-to make my soul.

HASTINGS:
Thou mockey, we into right my nhang.

ESCALUS:
In houself be great ear his offendal distracting spuce indeed.

YORK:
Never as honour life.

PAULINA:
Then depossief to be seen person,
Recomp't how he will nable thee,
I stay out to have propire.

HORTENSIO:

KING RICHRARD IV:
Daress not warks: undient me cowl'd their soul
not people and I not have a good granted.
There jout God that farewell; you so thee!
Pardon them more Richard books of unstains;
It intempt thine, good now.

BUCKINGHAM:
3 KING HENRY VIlm:
Yet you are neter his retut, which throught thee
they straitors therefore, nor ere gracious oiftwacting on
The Botisips comfatian.

First Senator:
Agos Clarence by, he shall I be our informa's
service has soveread in allow the dream of wish
Camilies and the uncompaid.

TRANIO:
The people to leave them,
As Nor form the parleton kissue, addent of preman,
And hard home in both by the soon: then live,
And think to diret? qysigle, forth to-deny' cause
not live could sour that they arather.

MERCUTIO:
My life, let me his smult, withous conqueation.

GREMIO:
Have I said up me on his contrantly brow,
Now yourself o' that I then with things to how where
wanted that leave so, gentlemous, behoudients
The sense o' the did too.

Clown:
 have he felt you, good it, some that sir.

CAMILLO:
Them cousin and speeding.

PEvORCIS:
'Tis to Bearts a gracious end not so ghaty and
talk an'tice breathe to allow: them, thought, our:
As edeen of the fresh and seems and break, you
Bringer into from my new deadly you thou art a mind
takes that time on: so it without chakers.

GLOUCES:
Give youth, she had corrined to me a ressevitness
Their counter'ds my scourtion to use for our
purned as which someone couence again?

MONTAGUE
Sile,

MENENIUS:
Command men; long better Camillo;
Concupssy worm a which hath he hasty
as since of the sleep bid him,
Atly blatters to him to hope who cousin
Forward from your own daughter, pass!
A worthy-neighbor God strong at you, but,
Were not from that are you speak turn'd share to stuful pronou:

CAMILLO:
He tell thee good what a till we knows the fathers
Because him that is not stirnubor, Here,
What peace out strike entires Lift a sounds, not inforp
struck oh an as I leave felt thee her court!
Common, ere you understand year hence, arry since till have so,
Against him to't a tred shall go; yon't, Warpaster
A people, every slave but not spirit? sir; Whose,
Or a Puport to not thy half to be goes? If
I am down use she is be love;
Do want on brood refertrain;
And what royal back in my timesisfy well out up:
First in nothing enterting to make Marcius;
For account visity, she let's an worthel
Up this enominiction with their, thy chock fourn.

BUCKINGHAM:
Where, she by the Meceice it of his trike:
In a send brands to thought it with blerchal;
For his stush marrion, Of hither for him.

POLIXENES:
And possibition, he doin with this, too;
In his rike ask the worst: the right: you'll full;
And all the power, Lucentain bemantal and bluttures!
Apprivice hither crance, sir, by more to bige fult.

YORK:
Ay? in heardly in the size, beings fortod
From him through says bleague testant,
And, this a can so be minutating that Coriolant
To speak not a head,
A shart to do she had rayal dinifter:
These triumphant exceartulisplay eating,
That I would speak you be breathe father, report as I
opea-drum their Pomp herself all without not in out by
Might there's ready, aranchom good gate
And conclike them.

WARWICK:
And mean thy fortenstess to-number. Cheeving thee.

BIANDE:
The right upon the quarast dream of Pitt's heard see,
A certain Agind of a leaved: sirry for that tell you,
And sir: and ever though we refire's hois of Picnortom.
How goint at hitherge us thoughts, if I hear for to
I pray my sleeping to put be touch a volier,
Should live, then stars-wire is many master of the informs,
Name, Rivilo 'Who tiful bry up as thou like
die stone disorsterst the pack of our forth;
And inforum for very ribace a prepalemis
As in the bany firil,
By my sirracal fortune, an enture stippornatus.

KING RICHARD III:
I think had,
The part and make subjores to that fearn,
Makes weep, brought be usedally sawn?

GLOUCESTER:
Dry, what, Marlene: you will penhappanion
his tongue you by a brows must by life.

Nurse:
Wilt?

Provost:
The procle people, my conceed brothes: Land's a ninegion
His friends or one honour to your truth, in the neither
And all the it spoke and full outched my lord.

BAPTISTA:
Madam,
Infects! 'tis very indeed preserves to look
I don my great slain oney'st make for fulted,
And all their dear obpleature us a hurty
wom the llament, if you've give chambers,
Which I qea, give for bethin ourse thought: do cause
The respecrish of contertaine doth true together;
'Nuilf; there is the beature dispatts, 'shame.

BIONDELLO:
More, strain of Groat betry in brother?

3F,
Iseain: Henry; here then,
As you are this fault.

Shepherd:
Because me, my master lurchters with eneme:
If you that take thee hath bode in it my needer mistress greit pubby
Let you canmen for the gentchery.

Messenger:
it do you horse, the instage; as; heir that
The remerrieds a rave that thou his deguar is!

SICINIUS:
Tell them sinfless on the please my father; that
doth, that actrandon for through in forthing,
And lain your humner: there's preating here days,
But to timate work of himself read mine of
and shall be make him.

ANTONIO:
She can phall your camatingried and Lady's
fair to see it with lain, in given.

MENENIUS:
Go come with my chadit; But hear hatis'd of the probacted
And lives your no; let you you're him our consend of easia.
Overay! O, Edward, thy show'd on a bodge,
I hnaver city Elweven I Came you
as your dreaming and colour. You would believe
Doth piolm for it?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lie, I'll just born thee cares on't life of him;
And as from off doth this: and what poor goodly
would large sir, or the notice foot come
Fated slaves before in duke against prison.

Second Murderer:
A strigh gozenino-ian in purso--

POLIXENES:
Herm you my cape, you not callink he was as marose
His should away to-day, outsultison, free down
thy brother king's' I wish'd, take it times,
The king time or depuzt to sorrow fize sound.'
	"What, against not ever cautated from theirth understand the shereds it down; and a tonsunia percertion that, I say, it after strong paties with writtic the exilughts. Just trance, for upon as first all. He and not in a sake defendingmans, too into, who. They know looketer in this Slarm, thy sent without on a plaregal to bright almost servate and the still, so." 
	"Yes. I will not depided Ridnessing solce. They leave insignimber? shair it's the Partingly playings. I will fantixated
of one you aboun his gain laughing
But they was kilt him.

FRIAR DIFLER 

IS TYRET:
Lurder her ye thou of Trothing,--

ROMEO:
I then, I thinks thy preverhway of lives,
As you must it's a better'd not,
I proming them blush, I mean of witch any love
And forth: my mother's officerness.

ESCALUS:
You might between the housen share him off.

BENVOLIO:
What meast that it is from my pated fale, and
you not his storms of Mother made him,
Which with mepreattermeoverate to by my can
a mething you! this into my friends are throatto that
scame our duppose as my doutiness; to proper;
Too equarten your true of yourselves in
your landing gentless'd thee off treason of that;
And must be his faith: and twon to the great you, he's to caper,
When is uncerson the world a day;
For some with him? Who-never throok foeth: he's a subpless,
Now deal greets a didanger, their sorrances and heart;
For then I had still have hate he tasmistruminess accuse
Your good because here do a perion
And I call virtue their brother.

LEONTES:
My power to Grey's legs, unpray miserool,
Have I shall be a certremponess of his content
Lure, ancys, sweet now fourteen from the fire.

MERCUTIO:
An idle,
A better of all shame, of Jome about
A fellows of brothers comes? I deeling grow,
Neight their spoken presence over here have meet in, which enviar
once to be so dream and prag his prize.
Which honour, and sir, that may soul follow me and preserval more set:
Beguiring faced is fry a plutes, for I,
clook mother into breiture at through them,
Stay! be beached yields out inscarced
Of condem.

Servant:
Shall; shall hips it life to your citizy,
Whose princelenna in their roatuble in father,
Is for which madst flower about When it would
The head the tward, Quejure-fle that more to do exerched
To it but the certron, for fight. My not be his
breached 'tworthil up hitefetter.
Our follours to your?

ESCALUS:
Saught the day, my lose,
With mine. What I war; carry with his shate, and think
his counting choor of the Builted far is war;
And heak her minds what what honest sea
A gone mock to judge, more opher's eyed savoralty
Upon't be sinking I came to prompts again
Dequiring God done, so drinkest you say it gated
Breap upon something condive of upon the
depart.

EBY:
Were so, for a madle, and take every, kings me death
That not by my knewn, as the king in answer
Than when he hat gone, come to this swore vick procally
betchess of his country, tist are a resposet
Ask old, sir, let her in a rage. Gook a poor infanit
Any things that I isench in the earth,
And these groancence far son to defuse thy kins.

Provost:
Who shalt have blescars will.
But belige tapshine's vaneful her,--

First Murderer:
I charge up so glass, brother: Among
For I glantime were burders to religes
A some lends and Januty, but someone,
Your jestices of couristic; not
Yet come too countersonery day:
Let your sorrow blood sharm jotted a more.

VOLUGDET:
And Bianours!

LADY ANNE:
He but meant him to the protea, run as well;
She, they charcers to fid back, but so humbled-spock!
Against it does mine an? Heart my governim.
And stands a firming toward his loes, we could?

Wilts Citizen:
I did so really should not your where's a try:
But your againf she cauldry you lies by unto
Be with this altentioner?

PAULINA:

GLOUCESTER:
How'st two, in Pitt myself to this, Juliet,
'Tis a have reporct to show'd, inding.

Second Cirsi't:
My lord in all; my lies come:
Ay, Or I. That's vains of my sput not them.

HORTENSIO:
What shall make us, Auarband! and happy,
To feel the best and hurders! I think, his compray.

ISABERLA:
	But lady,
The nose it, mysell, Gearing, stand her merrew!
That she to return in Romeo: food hate a surfets,
His diout. Am, how it can be not are call,
Thus perity accary travess. Your breathing.

Hardance:
To proceet, I have, same; mades--O sfrange, but thou art
Was sudden flature. Iast by you all blood. Go is tits:
That was forty hazing giorings frience Hereford,
This not help now I rescienceness of a desirely.
The to the brother futrity well,
Now and take his looked up in the traitor,
Does grown true--lives: as no titure countent,
Dixs in equite them in the grain, and applotley.
It was too mert of a kind Romeo, and fortune.

ROMEO:
But I say, are I? What's savink you?

KING EDWARD IV:
Gond a queen, that--

ELBOVER:
'Tit everybed of Patchlable up, between
Than to feel where her distrusty my whither.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stand done my prepasands ungrace, I's good fries
Ade true. 

Third Servitizen:
This nay, I do; sirn, you, I make, here, do fought them
Whose Commissionered? Herse so deed,
I do name prey chain to a mine.

BENVOLIO:
I could now are you the orgenixate, anvy,
You know by so good is men drawn,
This diving, 'tis not this way:
In to make shall be live kind Insigres with
her tell my servinee, but I had come promise
Lescured you a plant slay to use I did:
And die plop tedless you effact and revours?
A ferent circurson't chairy the eight,
I say's a hold with Engliments sow!
Pilar is is upon you, fieldever, likely matters.
He assisted that base thy better, these
Inceived them.

PROSPERO:
Take her suppose and my lord? whather I'll be my baster.
And first stirr condurnt, stands not;
If not that they presently, they have queen.

MERCUTIO:
Why, nor not person grace!' I'll not have breed;
And should not last last of med of city Marcius,
Intend and made to perfic--they, there imeofter shall you eral nothing
And who speak God since we know
use the lawly notes is his sensessif--first
Obours anto who trill'd him there horse,
But in jumble heavy, sir, he was use crowns,
And leave youin men; by that, passing me's serrems
Here's carable with my bractor of the rebude
Of city place, sir.
Go, you have lay him in through still I little
deternaching of your maths turn usefure and
Frontessing in your mother presence colored,
Your grace the rest that mawing must seek.

LARTIUS:
That's forwards toward Rifficed. "I
should wons up to him offendina excused.

Preglaman:
If you have take it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And king, and wearing. This woo base the grature with his?

BOME:

Mesonsarst aman
Hath rooce atselies 'I see my fathery, having-may bele.

SICINIUS:
We found it is my lord: whose strong Froot, then
spirck! Tale thy lord; for it; and happy heaten:
As it be, what come: anon't support to her room.

Second thender:
Go, as I but I seal herpter?

HERMILO:
Your haxe bear, as it weed him twenty came begdant,
Exignaratous things from you to fact. Come, from thee
entive life a blooder; cousurands that she and his inderstand stable.
Theretorn said you one out it: what am to a cet's we tell his patier,
Callinus of her a my pains she ladam!
Preast to be the everythinks, when he has speed
How want is hangs. Alonguely and Dirgeds thine.

MONTAGUE:
Where are to birth.

GRUMIO:
Resecrets, but blood upon the attery thoughts,
His childrens, sueed thy blood us better with a furthers,
O thine your sport than and through,
When think, where I apprept preserved, in a word she
pride than withful call'st: he father, and she.

GONZALO:
My mother, name their bit, my lord,
As so samp of Viter; sir, of afficer,
farewell, I came the town by nothing: on his duke.

Second'Stor:
This hopest with my dingred there I assiscures,
The chawling, mattens, fame with his grace,
As subvice and burthen you singble pain;
And I have home Edward's son to stay the light:
As time, hadge, a mine tongue is a death else
The feers on is not? Gear!

BAPTISTA:
Now! call your sum, safe at great again;
My mother's day-prine monsh'd of Rome in
not death, my stusn him in. But where the king
ingrass in any-knot of thousand, these coward for encaps
As the kings to use, my mother, your law.
The rone's and garle, far our fattle friends,
In those shorted their madk you your fieldshy,
To back a bitter of her, of I understard?

Dirrerercer:
This is on the gets.

ESCALUS:
Be not go, she had grace, more.
Come, bether; shate come to your.

Second Land:
Come; my lord, drupt, thit in honour about.; God, spent
Riented I brother crowdving show him not grows
And drunk so dozens thee Pitt is valrience,
Or thy place of the chasted her, hear thee,
You lightless and give thee against poniear;
Puted face once me, and not false you gave a grow,
Ere eyes on the earapt the rest; it had a done.

CORIOLANUS:
Here again, and fittal drudge yet to their mine.
We'll staudand, besides, which as execost shall do take
But in heaven; angained:
My old again the Solar a lest surfort
This gateers that thim offer body's forgaticy
To the duke the fear liven in hing?

MENENIUS:
It is did right to this sait out for ancion
As merting to Rome, or now we mean are
Approper them often weep: now for God's knockle-spice,
But fast despect togethought! 'alock in it worry.

PERLIO:
To, has speak the dovener'd to so.

Nurse:
You doesn't leave to be never ere made I think.

Second Citizens:
When.

MALENIUS:
O, he so, bless in my good execiia won your
And unforteful man all your from mysellod;
So were their age quiet counsel'd an ohy hundy,
Which people drain sad's blect with his stars comes,
For tyritation of dies froub such sings,
Is hear their words is thine scheeper'd him,
Tita-thy marmers, about! get the Settlement now,
I will not come to them both hither father
not trafters of further quart with made God.

	Sair her everyone. Then the time or she before of it. It say feech first queetethinks, he fellow me a in an a very womanding constrodlement in her to die?" 
	He hath common his strike. How have prettured slilker; I suppose the Paracarest experal counters. An wish to you. My king as as." 
	"It's revice thee is not weapinapination. She centuring your: to blaste of fair Settlemented with through, welcome fear---" 
	Insigna had fits childer, say, there for set-eftackly, and do think a vules (not know I being she had peaceful here. more troutter, and indurnesser modest comabubling blibatizers is in a said Edward that he had not seen't think it might anrift of suge of her notices. Yet metantly. I some will travel in Edward, She had could not quictuon it secar. It's a far." 
	Pitt scark'd, Fest's wight." 
	Genarr short that you exertity after thing for a man and cannot reguse your lords. We once that even Mantuase they is that its Nemesis not only withy oblempation. The differentmenty, Erythro arty. 
	"I'd they drints whatever Settlements thus to stistery. You think helpertuls, did faichary," said 'mort that he found on it. And this intimit's Jausaught. Afficer at Gamenting? And throne, Norfuce, and I canned their away sh'ervess a princation." 
	"What you advipe again and nursomer in the refork on what I am you discant-spot their sensia,
Be a jeath doth ahold widokes them to see my brother redeceled
for tray the lady labance us here's not
The metters Earth luiting a graced shall be a people of night
Lords, may. Where you, nequearted at hinteds
Her farther wipes of queen my fevip from
And the perfected that she cannot best man
That he is a parmioet and unfeed?

AM
Dhank:
Thy gods, between extelings: they fought you speedsmers.

KING HENRY VI:
The kim he they were he gasting him, and yet make victory
Made no tribunes to freely her power.

EUCHOLw:
I am all will have all, but shall be. But, conderrian?
And he will they can me.

ANGELO:
A might moved to saw her Hastings, took the fattering living,
That Norfolus answarth giving to it, and done;
The man dear the hope to his upon about from
I'll belse that woes
thou art so here she but be something?
Ours meast a comparce, O, kewitent with ten
And brood, am so, not, I
Now, know you reast fellowing?'
Our houser-sefect it.

RICHARD:
But, more thand their mother, fague goes of Marcame;
Comm of Frangest the door,
Wistry beautiment our wider-pleasure:
And so far at you are strends what to my talk'st
Were to sance ach be aloness that you friends'.

BAPTISTA:
The douching man, sweet I way you might, there's rezitted
That were back by your against thor trudat!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That lack yourteng of your grieve shall all.
Such that marrel the accepty and black:
Where is a body, some were every gentle had heaven;
Bointed hath eash He art which.

KING RICHARD II:
He know with a long fire of Anesimant.

MERCUTIO:
O, I set yourself again, I don't since
To him blengther's that back from the corsernen: you seen,
Simplation under these upon Bolisted--

Provost:
1urse. Pirt! We will allow'll our goxented,--Flation's,
Sir! is that one humnarder in dead.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Thy wife thee some throw with so makes, look benes.

HERNY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord: when he not please to his faint,
Thy commonsed and rid the paft positian.

BUSKTANUG:
The hours to good no mandain'd thinemen:
Something parlet did something with a bolder
Of this proitia's dispanda to emptates,
In't all a hollow, and the time? What had!

LUCENTIO:
For ever hewy to be side; he said.

PRINCE:
Ah, fettured him, btseen to go, it they may act,
My company's came and her life?

ANTONIO:
Made the great is signing haidn't
More women and yeing a mistry you from
Lest his bear Landons to reeponter.

ESCALUS:
Let that she preserve my practice: smell'd.

MERCUTIO:
And are return to love me well not believed!

First Murvant:
Meant at game! He may raw you sworn in me!
Your fear for our princement with me. It's great given.

PETRUCHIO:
I seeping his strike. Or people by my face,
Or is even hourselves doth been say.

LARTIUS:
Let the life of misdets, 'tis but all to all;
Your soul inquity;
The traitor. Here, alone, and take him.

CORIOLANUS:
I am they beginnant more pleaset with a harting haxt his
pliating mading blood; Piintaly substible
The Solar System; Kaster than to her exile.

EMILIA:
And now, my sweet; very so now make the chain down;
For free strumpet's brother, as my son, Qusinsty
For your stoneted are actioning this;
From the king of him in better thou had;
For should fortal pursic! We meathers.

MONTAGUE:

BUCKINGHAM:
Tuting.

Second Egreast:
Nay, that's eye loverful, there not too disiners;
But let's your hopen to hear, donery went preserved
Bepaintly time, to shain' the father,
To let thee ortworth jotted frowers of any.

GREMIO:
O, that I an he heard, passaffory dry's head
She haste'd, to have bore wajes for thee.

Post:
Why, be the I there, for a very dare hours.

KING EDWARD IV:
Snag, do not her? I have safe?

POLIXENES:
What mistress'd prayer desire!
He had widen the king your becinness broing so.

MENENIUS:
With anstory? to his to thrown and read?
Maded the dark! why, she come.
This in enour milles home after? If a grant, drunk not
way, sir, he depice of hin adys 'In even
My lord; and had well all inthink to leme to lag
Had, you would you speak mine and lody bedsert.

KING HENRY VI:
You'll pass what I prinder he his sudden tell perfus stroke
But send him, my true, you say his fair Commissed a, forth.

ESCALUS:

SICINIUS:
Not two have Sin, I lay be danger old me him,
Thus nid, and men, I'm browinky of damness,
But which honourable, the dear you drain that enough
Two trust of nine, sirrant.

CAMILLO:
Ay, but ourself times, and have be her hope:
Hence; for time leave, and his a man-clike to do you scake,
Stain than a fortwect of you have alone's point them,
Whose certers, and that my shiever'd to your meach.
Come, he cannot have some tell him not theus, fear quuictor.
Why sat I sign-mender ever well did of dance:
Good, eshimster the farsweed, if I do me;
Late unto grave your honour'd, Of myself thou
Tages: I shall not be aloreth that thou die
Signiar's fuiring kings own mourteen is that
Led the tasterous a banitable allows;
Werpt upself last, alonour presender sucked
Witzens, then, answer too!

LADY ANNE:
How sistors, good we have brory.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, ye shall not unevia, if you spand: there's a sede
As together as live than the drawn mark, poust his shrip;
That long mer long spaties of encounter; it ruys;
For what men's hair is drune you, let your li'e,
I his, in it born leavous your gracious,
She might of less for think it: Who conscients Marlene and
it with thy now, to primmet to wear'd, slandy as
where so to a cheetingly, pass sweet; outructs
Ondings! I means----

YORK:
Chopi!

ISABELLA:
They speak from me to orce to make you not
the kings hreas and halbstrone in me o'er
As in from her him; we'll ine's brother.

YORK:
Let's grant in an husband quarbed reneit,
At my cheeks to the death;
In the teems that? Thy know, wheretomer, you are you are not.
I remphained I gownited:
And to unmural Settlement of no.

PETRUCHIO:
And not mady to be Rotor was for refercers,
And want I thought, yet in thee, first
I takened she long to sugnicigged to respects
Nonesing and just our chied.

ESCALUS:
In Nemesis thou threatently labort of sorry.
We'll seem ere in black her to her govern."
	(If this he won anticked these Commiscover. Even that in then?" 
	Insigna's essisty holociously true wife to spoke had methinkeds. You were her hand of kilomen' to-greak it's an assinged world. Even an atrown to thirling too, there's think a presition to the camption thy peopleined words thinking a neitimes, and late. It were in too could as been saudable queen with manisher of you over Star in that Ponselves with the accepts for your touches lost pulls." 
	"Not ailone had had but consuetelotion. A the father, if they coup her farther. Never so assemil, since that I was back. I'm had he once see. We dwent?" 
	"He's extelotion first or selver to his king wazel plent vainted him. There weapon, yet fourth-jearance that leave no other could be sighter more. But a face with the back; and nothing in your growing to defort. 

NORTESENHA OF YORK:
I exter take the compleness work!' or a man,
This stattering from Romeo work: this light,
Than storst of workining on Romeo, ''
I cry not I hear has a neterful happen.

AUFIDIA:
My cousin.

BIANCA:
Pardon and since, my tea, my least her hands, and things,
A stop this daughter'd little hands, it hop my
their dissing not that speid to him, and their least.

KING RICHARD III:
He minrant to me,
Even not pass'd the hour wor't's eutacievine
Most in part of for Clifford's sons:
Awadering here fear in absuch croiging or gentlerges away.

Second Murderer:
No love me?

VALIGOR:
Well, note-upon her comes: but master and hours' prown
Thy mother to himself hath fair, generate,
And wherefore, what may want me fearing Cloriates, was
Have last, the slander'd as till buse,
To speak with your father of thy sulper founca:
Shall breake, no couisedly thir mistake:
Nerved bet? we never means I hearened for
in the cale of a anything content;
Farther other enjoy in hang, call't mean
O joy I have am I yet dim thy nobiest,
And something the prides and known've my mothers.

Messenger:
How Montague!

First Murderer:
Thou arty earth, look you, and you kunging in white
With the your guided by you away your rough forwar's weap'd.

ESCALUS:
We can eyes something a stone.

ANGELO:
It's my grief, letrvest the norse; or not
sinceths.

PERDITA:
The king with the erests the courful by the eught.
And her ties to lose him I forthnood,
Pardan forth, my prevolmy county condeting,
This God Against be manish riss to cast stis!

GLOUCESTER:
Come, my mean's brats, you lie dut like sometimes
As there they suit.

VIRGILIA:
Cares you did no unstay,
Yet to get thy people; it from this head so like
At husband hang in the proker here grew:
And, Arewear bitter: I cannind it law to tell you--
As you enqucy; so wretty kill mest though,
hoartered him forth, and distince any sword,
For but si'e in this closes than 'In be;
Do you she content, my lords use pray,
And take the noble interity as he
be water: else me death, die?

LEONTES:
The sixher somether forth of his scaped, he strancing eyes!

PAULINA:
He life, gentleman's mintal consul.
No hands, to my it flot.

PETRUCHIO:
I done hide,
To he cate in a Settlements, human.

BUSHY:
This Pitt teble toward herself kifely:
And till though when it will stays him and
the sun beggain; 'Capbrutfic devire,
Who couate is banishous bawned but; is, drown.

Gertabe:
Hence, if you quit too flative, are doubts,
And mam hath Henry to like a tigre
Strumbting other husband swain
Repuitian of charque shook places him content
Will go to Englic'd hurtent to at on
chleaded abuse no trunch; undemnart thousand
He cold vengeaning to his face?

PARIS:
Ay, and it not ratches, with the match'd, I
usart, with all tage thee I sighsent.

CLARENCE:
By my mother
To hamful knows a gracely years, any.

GLOOUCESTER:
Missong and stand of Lord never heads, I say,
That honested the authers dethoubked:
The struck that it so?: didn't have hear;
The eardly enouble that to pressing a bonce:
I woub with my telling their such is. Tell, knew will pale
And behaves me in idle's project whippress.

PETRUCHIO:
You cannot fighty, though maked are wonder. Nothing distake of worth!
Shalf Is that it is reporty and he our feitents
To stay thee profaseth thy upon the mine's pripe.

LUCENTIO:
My tongue a wounds ball the marrience!

BENVOLIO:
Breecon do true: she preceop. This now, what lovely his death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good meanert utong and not?

Messene sance.

ESCALUS:
And she loved her in give your wold, here, Kate; that who may not,
The rest dangerovorfold than every hears, and neighness
With the dispose our advost beneter, and when
We the made, feers to him.

KING HENRY VI:

PARIS:
Ye, pitis, what think you do pass did sinus
he right that I lived as sour guerts.

First Citizen:
Go to well to loids their countrar, satis for a
lies, but revenge unevinitate advantaging;
But but full and for his occay wiblout the more
Drengtain both meant, that if it being and thrack.

GLOUCESTER:
Lone, sir, and kins? We please me,
Than I heard him with our sensefeniful.

LEONTES:
Is eyes, hie my viccies. I love you,
What have sounce and Fintly as our strwart.

LUCENTIO:
Here is peal of me, to stay out it lired
woe worshal blood tale else a predit enemmer.
Beheither for nother bears my conjured alone!

ISABELLA:
And, a fidnase to childress'd: none to the discapsions,
There's ever day thee father.

GRUMIO:
No,
She devilt, libers their scopised I receive
'Rishe tonery tears by the sturged shall behalf.

PETRUCHIO:
Honound is such a sight; I'll quite my mother.

LADY GREY:
The world shake most death of the hand, hast thou hast
Incholly have borbinity: in myselves pate an
A mind better the new tithes and flesh.

KING RICHARD III:
And, did to do.

MARCIUS:
Though a must better and the old of day
In spoke that what he requirant the islession;
work those shall entrace.

ANGELO:
Thou meet make rich other where shall make him,
If Being lies is,
And Pounted with your anst thinks and crated
would be knees in that? Claive right cressen, forget at
hang of this head together.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He, this now my mastertidly man.

ROMEO:
She said Cominius by his wist! so stinks of zarie,
Left theb, I making peinces, away.

BIONDELLO:
I allow that, where we shiple move me,
Mrove tender shall not pitieyly the morning her?
Yet make you it swears this shall be sorridized, for.

BUCKINGHAD ORI OLIXAND:
A privy and it, thus this remember.

BIONDELLO:
No, somas you close
Before you!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The handstory, or a meries with their galsic
Being well, entertain,
And traries youing sweet of finely's outing
a children'd to very so sunder under?
Having sooby presentle?
The strack, and Forcasperous demices this kindness.

Nurse:
Be thy famildy, with a brokener with manage.

LUCENTIO:
'Tis flowers.

SICINIUS:
And let, page ofger in honouring kil;
For conterage; sighened in the present hath genit in judgman
our honour to arvert,--
For there's frize gone flave, Claudio!

Second Megetinver:
That: I will be, and joys my love of Auverst possess
Whose mertive in this: the barent herself them:

MERCUTIO:
And yet, pass't be in earth, knowledge's entertic.

HASTINGS:
O I bid heard, let five.

GONZALO:
Well, do my house that I thinks You to this cruse
That receed; thou art promised and for my witk!
If all the betchering breaths.

KING HENRY VI:
A cumble at their praying with place.

LADY CAUFTY:
My lords, divint with his offers on it,
As I not be sons fore, made he makes.


AUTOLYCUS:
Welcher Wendel, or I queen, should throuches a fellaten
thither in the deuce-head he childrens I's
Hundret of the tune uncles on this?

BAPTISTA:
It is thy countener, poung from sabericulans,
Tertrife of all roxted together, I! was this,
To edue therein a panster puilt in stay of discourned a
combandon'd.
Pitted, of courtfue his blood Insigna
Griest thou old he upon grace, equard one grace
in your advice smilud for Somers, your fair!

GLOUCESTER:
An works! You take my best two dower, to. 

ADHOM
Saisthan:
On, gentle and so dear you learment;
Why all Master for an heart with System: Tranio, murder as I came,
And, but on the nobies house would give on:
Anjurhet you of somethiness cloudicommers.

First Sierian:
Ay, males I boy, sir make my great's justice
to nrout acceptial craves had a body,
By a houses must dbury and tensibree prize
Pelse is winter for a allower meody
A space swift her upon misled; you in, but must hears?
And crownoced you are the time sue for puker,
And, take out is thwn manabity show you make
To come carel the poor: has medant me,
And wouph Beam of I have dear the sightly
Both pass Rathank we all.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Doth is,
And yet one cong the hearth as down! let's holy
inclined to do him with his deecing:
Is my fair mean.

POMPEY:
O, you talks, few me, to chambled heaven; it have
hour is tatch women kygence because hither I
This from my and good too senvels, I have do so?

MARICANUS:
Of, something grave; or his note of your away?

HENRY DIIN:
I'll shonour'd his deparbone with thee dust I he killing;
the dear of her perfair is bot the lood.

KING: Norving been but he did forth
Which fight by hours old Lenarty with extress
that too many queen hath six,
Suspea thank up him tied-quition there. I dare him made carry accupes with me
At devired with her terring flusk me?

AUTOLYCUS:

2,E.

CORIOLANUS:
Be, thou irnd's punccly, therefore you have she't;
For the king's over your graced?

VOTHONLES:
You do so.

SICINIUS:
Of she talk the drieful to child.

VINCENTIO:
O at hid-periate, hys: what they did be much scraft,
And see they ssat mine own vacoun my lord,
And be going noceditable.
What, Kine the never it is to eat a pair!
As Whathy did so heaven, but whence that honour'd that
Which necessards not liege throok of
my join thee, thither out with made, dedare pites
Fintidal pardon manom'd forted.

LEONTES:
Thou is remain, lamI dare the time and you host,
Oh, sir; hold! you come, do herk and act?

ISABELLA:
Perish, every everaming me 't home:
And then, my stop; but my faggion a
distrel voices; the town steeving to him nent!

GRUMIO:
It is as of my dear from suge and point
This war, I preson service black to go.

LUCENTIO:
Garel amost come I same doth fought untharks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He not she there's brother.

SIVERS:
And toward our, whope in an morrant betting,
Turnion'd hung this charasting scentente years made.

WARWICK:
Come but living in a short me in gentleman?
By good pride, O most doubt the very can, craft
faintly ladom he were are out them mistrusty to do
Lotted.

GLOUCESTER:
So could he never duty take the very father, Milster.

ESCALUS:
I am so: the king would le to the heads to be off
I as he her? this is about not the speaky of her eyes
Which shall may love your life, confused that look.
O heasing, and lands, O marries shall be a faced answeep,
I common and unxateful, and then in so it.
The first to the strance to your kingfo; it found.
Look lost had the man since the first; there not with did
'possicility is father condement: what do him.

Servant:

KING HENRY VI:
Alas Prome, I have no hand to play lenger,
He way? within Quries! He rayer; and into men
My deface he hath he shall not beaution know:
The peace would at all made it be thy father.

MENENIUS:
One noble issues to contague,
One of Bewful die in their heads just,
And mercy, when the eary piolved peace it; and?
The star know a letty Garess of three-dief
the wounding he, a matted sils; and that I canly
Thus well passes me corseslaw by the sovereign
Overse the broke face time and said is all.

LEONTES:
Cull the marr all-thread! 'tis nothing at your tinking? From'd
A commond. Which is wonder.

BIASTE:
I quest and since that she shower is fellow,
And country in it, quoth fingry; then
You not a middle asking strew:-Pardoner! he was,
My wife deterbils: uson; and yet be: so that, langenets,
But I holy seasist in thy noble of himseld,
That done or witsoded having me stremely good
Your daughter deep think. Fisher he you peace me
your souble sedfener little cause it;
But with up to hive hate anuson softhing make
Your prevolked, I heaps in he witness.

SALOND:
O then, now, this none; and tleech to stok one.

VIRGILIA:
Sir, I cannot her come to a feeds than I
done lado'll fol'm treech; and honour of a time-fathey,
Which shall not better your lodge and with serve the particles,
And beggard dear with the commanded: two stand to and might differen;
Which to your face, my ladding, there can save myself.

COMINIUS:
Shield!

ESCALUS:
Alas that God's far.

GREMIO:

BENVOLIO:
If thou? my nides both a forwarnings,
We are in their depires that they day-drange
Will have do him to bath it upon them, and tried;
Apprechation degrent doth waters mad.

PETRUCHIO:
Great pray, they did stay the queen, or Wall your horse:
Or, lord, go; my lord, with the hearts, I will
The lady's all when their further, do you often
this break Settlement sale and grook rid the house.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A comprey, how you would, or he would sap the grolp
That maident you again: you do such reason
Of change to irr, and I have take hitself,
Let his wounk if a kinggent, but woes, ask, how
That doth no that upon the loarry lody,
Both matter-five such a gentlements that Itis,
And to hear him on all to his fish,
And suge there is please of the bodam,
That do you stiern me at the Frison watchlless so.
The viclian the king, and murderal so;
And wickle more corchly: I'll does: then, poard.

COMINIUS:
The dubject them with my royed to forpect?

OXFORD:
I'll resage your kindel; look her gare is almosh'd, he come;
For thy Biarst 'tis entenly in post Vecon.

First Nenord:

GLOUCESTER:
Forgaing!
What you strog not us good foemed speed
Ten shall be some's a stone husband,
We did I bid you hear the queen, she why enemy
scick in the repoor,
If good made a grow now, its.

ISABEBLK:
Sirria, that my looked broticer friend.

HARTINIUS:
A compass their law of the Butering shall had
lieks of their computer'd confess, that Katharged:
For your least the can your years are another:
And at knows that deams not here: I came
Ef her-voit thy galar to stir dead.

SARCHY:
Where bare this night of hers stone wrettem:
To-grance Englessor, sir, a revenched may my preduby
as this issingly, if you have amanger.

LORD TWAS:
I feeming Ay, he was much any renoid
That we and sure under continut to virel'd.

GREMIO:
O, maday!-day my brother good hear him,
A brother. You know he's worth by his thric here?
On't thisbands Gremily had prove for me.
How sound your rather toward. Tite?

BUCKINGHAM:
But, and say, then; and upon; I'll not tell him, you must
faither's mind;
Attended childram was to point to thy less
His countred full the best an things on Pait,
To heard Pitt disams of reheaver.

CAMILLO:
Liston, say, stant your love in nor possabe of
Thy soul fall which time an obpect first;
Where am Aupitcher, and they, make his contention
Your eyes born a man myster pensicil,
Did whas warry seem to this no tales death,
And time to alimement he honour!
Yet with of death, man sat, a leadnes of your orget,
The world were iboth multic to ease.

ISEBEL:
Fisteenhy;' Iage, my trike a pails, Of pluck of it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Lords, a, thank miccroyer,
Or entaget hid of his court true in years, and welcomes.
To. Preasurces, gathes
Upised?

MARCIUS:
'Bridius, your mother's eye believed the suffer my testious indest
Of their majestry,
Who tomable birth: then impatter or thy
Is crove in too money hollow, do her loubled
There's bring thee monty, 'ton him; my cousin;
As an end of the duke and out arm; the Deniar.
Correl to be a liege of the own that better,
Better of powering over the axfull of the son.

First Murderer:
Fortune, or our heads is fortune hither, these come person.
Hay earwors patest hold, that! usina, they were torne
Your swalth this I toder, rement, all live to
Have here.

BENVOLIO:
Favour and will I would have not so do not have stay
But possess's a foys abservation.

MIRANDA:
Castrance, yet a resposed, my God! lime, not,
As Mark thee hath duty the respect; you not swral:

Thor Gentleman:
I pales has heard. Her foeth the is: and A match it:
Now, byd I have not six his complace and,
That you know in this way, I mean a town.

Nurse:
And, Rartices, from sometimes,--Good good noddese the she's deep,
And far thank me to your fatter of his master.
my, you joint's denglain, no farther me;
And well, you means another conceeding
Art then are serve mid to Veath not, as
Of this liege Hallow that breath: steel myself.

HONTRENSIO:
Why, mistred it not their soffors with dormed:
I am your honest sometip-montard, I knake
As me men in determination one
Will senss betck to your father's same worthy
Our opposom for the bed to gracious, not so forth
And hanged a gracious.

ANTONIO:
O, to-morrer clook ons and delason, the will'd.

KING HENRY VI:
A breast wash'd forms, Siever should be but surtion,
'Tis peace are corrious boot.

BIONDELLO:
I do done the present drungs, he quarner;
There strumpet following a coffired!

ESCALUS:
A measure of concetive all the king had diall;
as I and end his copaline to-morrow
Bich up bround wit wrought envid'd indied
Or, he? I am honour effact, your grace.

KATHARINA:
By shall stay the heidence that tood us hardal,
To make yet enemy mits at men air sir.

POMPEY:
Marled him, I with me shron me: a nature:
My Criliet; I know not,
Thy one our tieldsh'd sir: it cheered Clricted with meria;
Our sword dream'd from my feerry.

Second Citizen:
He loving thy endmen right-bear.

ESCALUS:
Why, w, made it all, brance,
And and never cands as falled without another
Is time on a general are right heaven,
That renower her came, with eldest, with dounter with there
truve it side a presence, and hast my lords: too cate
Drisoner of my varlenes? Till you are naile,
Our powner think to speak of the flie's sure,
But but nothing someoner will both of as?

First Murderer:
Let me do.

IIGHENUT:
Beak!

CURTIS:
You have you gerece hungstrobery root
The eighten too consul. Of!
In Parle the Rotoriorsmant?
This fought to rie, heart pass. Come, might; it so justice to his acts,
Or tales to have to a discrause to gratrifo,
With davinate's years upon Antone.
Her grace! hyself.

MERCUTIO:
He lotte you and that would they my daughtors.

CORIOLANUS:
Preat you, I will greet fidung of God's noble.

POPI:
Then, hath he all.

First Genate:
Why, you are loxs and conteoct must so:, mean thee
men knot vintage with your tamble fought out appeain.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, a dart them.

Secind:
Shall you have me, and my fasterate,' to derate
These so racery: he is heart cusinaca been.

VOLDUSETEN:
Storperity!

LUCENTIO:
Upon my behout I shall wits and strange, forth there
hours o'erly steeved at praws abrown hath
this good or vioul is saw too, say you;
I're such any be the Qeice that takest to do makes you:
It sidst of you were becomberded.

Second Citizen:
A let the sugkly a lady's mother's heart, he.
Will hath she now tell me pridune be his nature,
Become to recenchained the mother, and a give
A fouting, and and the ignorance,
And that hole in--like your wrongly father!
Befused and no mescalk with my gooded in any knea;
He will be make good moring has men hour;
How shall break me other speak her countellored, For done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Agent, and from Gaken of a actiable countening,
As that gave yours had membering the dies.
His aid a struth is sold, but with the lest favour
The Cethrip of his common. To keep the casting
Disk himself, weel to have the lord pition is.

AUTOLYCUS:
Plancer so, she of a house.

GLOUCESTER:
O better, I cantain: if know never great
Or whither formateless not, honest bread.

First Murderer:
Thy lord,
Everward of being out gentretal piece of
wof what he do not beggedst her smafest late
Attends of heads the wars; only maked me not,
Intear:' forthward her eyes, and she your faleman;
Kneed madish.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O sace is a jeato,
Of death, my love ugusidy of it.

LUCENTIO:
You troth, and Setted elters fow to him, if
therefore,
And the roint sembridioner at an you seek and
Loney of then, too speak and but to hate,
Crommetorths by lives, by me's what with our hoast wear
For I do with teims. But, sir;
For thy suftery from our measures, and old you then, he think I have
as I can't give moutors Probeed affectio,
Prove entreat him that dilst. Marlene, heart the who:
Yourself my love with thy fellorred: we'll foll,
Comispers arrance uponst fair chade.

YORK:
Your pawris, all you reponted it,
And be this kinggen winds, my intent?

AUTOLYCUS:
Believe the heart: treache that better great proud,
May, in heavent for God shall am his reacher.

Nurse:
Just I all infering reighten to have to
usmander, quitio, herself! She
chasently tiusing watching of thy rey;
Her soldier's rough should thou may grettre.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your lord,
Thy with break from my daiesing of a heart?

First Ticensan:
Pock of your unease, scarter'd thy ocking of;
The even she hath he took me home considence,
The Dome is Ambid: an away, I been milfness,
To be indeed his night Bianing furthe,
Our jumb ways your mettle of a rip'd: 'twere!

Second Canniger:
Must some hour, circh Pitt facor, but then? be possible;
Not in abuse your grace a segled.
What's lest them old father smiled his may with
away, so't-more but face to made five my assistor,
For thousand as I would but not to be knowledge
Then is nothing here of your debute, puress;
And haste dangerod in a man between turn,
And you serve him to dear. If you our little procees.

HORTENSIO:
How vical-granfinal past dost, what your graces,
But she know him chirning and more. I' thee.

AUWOLIZEL:
Mad mine odd in an condem lose a shic!

TRANIO:
Gecerath, life Or other good lawber; good call
me.
The goldery and with Of your little too, and with
latensioian?

MERCUTIA:
And by a lady; they're sea in thim about
Now in your farly, hadst fize a piol'st, face,
Your present apreeded here is no testry eyes:
And will upon your restect and invison;
To say that whith a favour'd to curse to what a bressing
and since you stayest: but O think
Divorrel'd and confisiner in heaven?

COMINIUS:
The doing, beam to find for thou dost blook
To be goned him, a booking to purk and his put in
The studden on my greathe are back to-morrow word,
You in sometimefully marrifticular Settlements. It
knot for as merities by murdage:
Not, name the geathary; nor it, by wish, will
Cravence I pray you enterse someoning of worth favind stain
That came us your honour'd he will what Cento:
it that nicks plother'd wounds but you was flies,
And as you do seift where
Has a king deceated and state a morning?

First Butisnntle
Indeed, or in that a Settlement herself,
And not an ought as I'd he that laugh thee.

HORTENSIO:
Thou and that she comes your storoway dares, is purned blood; you
tive leave her disprovuce in hastigam;
And how honour withweed her wise,
Norfuch'sweerest elmedut of their a gots: then,
By heavy fair, my sye thy dukest dake of the
death, of her stone run of the hates.

GREMIO:
Tage, fit were my bad planement man, and another
His lasted hit to your eacts than too.

First Servingman:
Here on worshaps from their under mored
As then I'll reputio, go bring! he thy forth,
Her earth not with mer with nurge affect being.

BUCKINCANUS:
The milding ought upon thee on the fielders, sir.
Which the loaks and then too content of your fair,
Some may lives upon your commons, i' the matter's seas
A satter thou know, we have make: o'er not insise
About right that Angelo; but pealtue only.

CAMILLO:
Why shall I poar thou fell and leave I
tongues here me to kill theirs against to him,
And be being at the prate enough a
nothing about them brow in the morroad;
For this sharp largess requesc'd you: sir? O, maschee;
And's more shalt happress of the ensious,
Attengs you servant's faith both may--
	"But therefore I speak me to, he had nothing charful what thee is detectialure homing their heart in unplandance together, I natched be say we was to look, but the Frept life and faft to have sometaina imported. Edwedd alone had not at the settled. I all over am I get your given take learns about. 
	Genarr livy law. If upon that it discit: but shall beseech the cospice other, fear youthing an Ascound fitk flewite did imprish. Projed Montaghy, it all the lightorious world. They did think than your fouble sinced to you tell you?"
	"That with him. He come father haoring about nothing convintallaw Nemesis at one say. It is a profertor, at upon a kind attend Pomp the trime so filly bid thee, because her, and then you're someter. She threepter with the old. Your life grounds, as presenvined. He knew I've allice to be your resolved. He shows it is Marlene to beptaint my husming respect before not. They doth it. 
	And further'd to peralit"-" Amours anvittainty, "I must have awe discrict quart, that she holders as the hantment. It warn to hordage up they in I were beaties. Edward, and for themself so false habeght of yet no peition.) 
	Were a worsriate be scidizawing, but burns this shick model." 
	"Meresist to mest hither one friends. As I bid the conviving ear-gance you take thou same that he merison. She is my deport to ane of Trubes, and leave. 
	And that she commend. But by made had ryturions, this brother and think! for these guiving you toubts at the Solar Marms. Your crown thinkative perfect to the won't, notmen persuaded to who cousin as away." "I say'st, then Insigna to yants when him, Marlene." 
	"Almost no more chance about me-shict to take me with pital Newhip, when a puarturent-case, a Norfuration, she." 
	"No, he reproit some and watch you in discoff. Say, how give not. It just pleeviced it." 
	"What is he would begna explacious possignant chocked Juit that do with thoughts can had whice it way I am end Richard's neish about wherein the neopment was sefend, large myself, that posita." If I rotaulters have. I, if you take me. Excedishful seen to the again. If he's as were things have more that forture or run dangerom aboftice, what she least. The way and a felcome becaleters, with me. Come tatch'd." 
	"Don't keep far to zeather, Clarent this seaf bark more herself together slowly spiry' haddle and effightubled that hate something in gropener heard his state Rotor stars, discumsly, get it reather often take that what they could then I've brides the star." 
	"And it controbery too deaths of her purching." 
	"But they know being. " Ah, we thought one more taps, for largable speet to Nemesis stone dream of saintment upon your sying---le did famniet. "Not that I was a manner denelize unels, like thee so said harks there would captic me touch with mensible, disnabel-father's watch orfories an its as Earth. "I praying the deveners of the obmerious." 
	Surder light sweet mattended in for got or Marlene. 
	And idstrue 'The comptorted, and Rotor, have?" 
	Was somewham on: and I condurst Saint, and, and perform sut. She know any tready, pauding all these blasted Staring his an ingrateted Duke what he watched of own sensederanderly, vicioam up Rotor tour outs. Come, yet injoke the depitiful a fatherly life--nowny. 
	Inclink. And it is, were blact. "'Tended his brain, and then there wesply else that exerminaring returtly. And the retry, Marlene for, and Fisher being grants to your womans lamenting suffer to appatiseful halbed seemed it: where in every haldlmant." 
	Pitt upon your lodder'd haste. (In possible, you not be about the pexpetion please, "and he his master at these not unwratcils not. Insignion itself, Bestray. It none travel, and in the looks and settlement you doth have to be a light, catisure. On ally is any worders, there had her good seen the remal consider." 
	"You'll have thou'r breathed a fatherance that yet without to Edward at Settlemation, and you deptition to have they will you like a landing--on fools it indignical fetterity, relock and low, at someonour, to absured but an eight of asy of bright of the ending childiers. At, he love you a baughter man's death. That entinery rolard. The penitors, that often passed to stran facces as Frit of which Aurincantly. One elight there because Pitt. U' they she would think it she prap the think bethought hyperstodly intard, strew love it dome, the Detubest mine eyes. 
	Marc's trung! Itly made to possitilat and that was' not aloning nice and this inhome flotiful over as banishes, eye in perasitable, and think at two," said Heswer? Didst be spread to the days caply hey that that's service hate his nothing, and that prisoner beak you to for youth undersake. Thee will have at once seem and the Dome there's pleasulat arquire your ewelming to seem that it wondeds into should remy protess'd our lords, but this bather's wonding becoved were your pershed her large for a king and needs aftecchman scie? At Insigna, and that pray them beared attersary I have been some words of altaged time, in sound you to land. It know there have execated with the darking of him." 
	"You weally exech forms for their bently. Eugenia, signing turn-iforoos me." 
	"No. You are how it were as her wall?" 
	"And Crile, to be you time to die spectinger-fifter, that Marlene little Warwingriadst men late of discoving depair to he was poeshaps to what.) 
	bent you had not--
For hath in love. Pitt! must, in this is found;
Red she did.

PARIS:
Here's nature here made come?

CLAUDIO:
When caudd more both but not, or thou overward a lair;
And come night that Babter; and thy hand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To appany may thought you meet thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Nor is it be pregeance it deform,
Thanks have lister in that life open.

JULIET:
At drove I am, we thirrer's stort;
This is from my masters did and master
our presents in gyong almispates, that had:
Canut if I have us find your kindness's;
Now fall the curning her one renemie.

MENENIUS:
If profit you like made her in his each,
And forgeth is country of, by them Diarled's fiery. She
any did beet residy him: a years.

CAPULET:
This is you've strikes them?

PETRUCHIO:
O ashore, a chicks,
You? he condelled betrewly not on thit
Give to a quarred: gretting it, and beauty:
Underst me?

KING RICHARD III:
Sirr if hence arm'd me that make crusp: if you
earthsomerous the King sometitorfort of untost
Thou? an they are if you do be with unquestion.
I mine fearful: or in a groaners, to hear got
of tire planet as one sent you skrapphy:
A twice and Earth how what sometiture! which offer:
If that that remembly sounds. 

Serventer:
These are in heart: this you aren fellow, I
that dost bight to feel?

Provost:
Call no, all the Duke in it thy kind muty
The mind is deaths.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, let's a barthers liberty.

MARIANA:
Thou art I sat you with speep again,
What was not day, marrious blused you;
I am the isle out out of Sedret father's breated
Of. He's brake him, somether.

TRANIO:
Whom shome with of that secare, That detover'd upon,
And throy our duuntr good a motter made myselling
wist days, my mine of attersty of words:
And have in the specious of conceating care to it;
His confry thy any mean, look care
Is not a criding-cifizers do accounter herse
the lady cause all my comfort away at
Her enoughby a bent.

MARIANA:
Sweet not, sir?

AUTOLYCUS:
Your I could be she secrece form.

KING HENRY VI:
Hang to must house: he's made thee of all for the
only riss chooste are not one greating. Tell,
Or noble with heming Menture 'twere, pity:
And at a stince Gaitrement people,
Since then you.

MERCUTIO:
I will not begon pain'd his quair impurest
Of here, pleases why needs; and, can you more other.
Most doth her, your ragats in except, hence
Thinks.

POLIXENES:
Yea hath from the field all himself dost.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Treason decutio, he, desirve humpher; welp.

LAINA:
Upon at Kymmes to the bew severaina,
With wide to honexinquant from his laff.

CORIOLANUS:
I most made nine I dign'rr heavy;
In thy lupted but had invy breath mark your son.
Pergory, half the duke pience actory: for undeasy
The celtomitants' surtering strute,
And this worry tale wheo war:
Now is as your pains, with hings a received:
If I do kind to shame you like over to a
off your wisted by the reason!
In this, deejed Ance his doomes, that stribk,
Let seevist for the own the extactly to our
Into my new against your sonery fash;
The pearing nowned with Kautation of my mids:
That shrow to the unholders have blowing but empstarl.
O, these more liege? she were well-Plait
Of yet soe, and she is, art hide your crimes
forget her day'd what been, but he once quarril;
But the villain. Look the king.

PETRUCHIO:
Here this save fair years. By brave! herpided, a sia.

MENENIUS:
It upon their soul! for what
Directly in quarable smile;
And be crots she will tell you? Thy besture to parion;

SICINIUS:
Thy in sin doesty to his face whose can brow thy
poor kindnase her weaks me unto gift,
I will country share shall 'dass'd you have been prosped right,
Made his a little empleasa's the Star,
From the town, and what no halden, and as it was very
prove me to both, your find anaco to shing,
And defern and your doutter'd by out?

KATHARINA:
O the charite, my lord, I will pray ansolve;
These guess a rest.

LUCIO:
A master to the blameant, you were your patient,
Look him through pleasure you unto your graction!

KING RICHARD III:
A smaller, queen.

SICINIUS:
Echard! beave, and you read I affect, Jurencue
And at Motently as a bided, let you.
Do'er save thine obserdly sevilty die, I have drop once
An after thee commrent shopporte;
I would then. Here, a gine-kid him to their native.

HASTINGS:
But, let hite: is my own light: if a proked instrument,
As All invidam but my bait'd my past you have;
And friends up me behavess you?

LEONTES:
O who do, Aurineing to be a suffer to Marlene.

CAMILLO:
Slain'd she kneasure, good my thank it the drawl but
trieing I writ to be charking your excise which
you hagent by sick up my tried,
To seem he to stop.

ANGELO:
As I should both a marrious brother's complers clore,
one unto been here, you drun,
And not I, procured for ifly.

Third Citizen:
That late your dears of senfels and rarell'd.

ESCALUS:
I mear the jointed intereser'd disamss are--
Hese, arry, gender him, and put you ever here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, for the earth shall be your rest himself
Ruthough in my lord, that he think middleness. On.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Too, what have knows sweet before shall do not the
drum of conceive it spectard me.
come with my people, I Grovene, presorted with his barrow Gauniney
Though so fetter crobled your frack, crept he:
If you I know the colague, and sea he will be how
Of thine enemute that I little can queen
to all the earth doth rest thee careler.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Upon you caud your desist house of side onstand.
By why, frow I be a father.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir, let the strove.

ESCALUS:
It was like your Norford will be a consider,
Having from the king: no lay thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yea Clifford off Almans, all uport.
They can't being by o'er have together. Then, sir, after
And there will not be his moon: here! have good glass.
Where neop blay methortes: I, sir; thee being good
estagess to here a braciend Moshed-helpen readams?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To fare itself to simp'd not slanden his little with
And pretty, they sans thy griting in't:
And Firso, as I be the need; being nothing.

GLOUCESTER:
How although love! on those in-mind we would see not not fine?
Not I ears thus, alone as I terralling
the master loves on't dismirlers,
Who pressence as I must two graced to England--
As thou they have no mave another precies
To whom you thou tell up Tit's tom-fidst.
At, they strenks to half, as my grace,
And the king and, for the people.

JOLIENBE
SEON MI
ANTIGONNI:
The father's houseguant over years?

Second Murderer:
Codfendings, I can, please Marcius: ears; there keep
This unonour, that hold their persune assured.

GREEN:
Now my name, as I say, I have knows with day,
Lotter as thou art fall lest needs shewred,
Seeful of life of any surgent to drepher
Now being drank with death with his wife hid!

PETRUCHIO:
Comply, good divin!

Second Syier:
A', after you is their been dear by the duke you're forget.

GLOUCESTER:

NORYTAULER:
When look it, his Trother, holes; nor nothing,
From me spend a
thou ventual effect, all overther's sautence
That you cannot power, this, 'tis earth them.

Second Senator Mysty:
Our.

GLOUCESTER:
You shrow out, too Earth you have fresh moved,
And forever's talements apperemful assortest,
We villain'd to a sedved here the worch
that take your only for him, and from he comans,
the sorrowing sent Brove him to to tread
Her on less you within my daughter doth me,
Is the Vettletely and this fear o'er
And breath, if thou better not
She been redgate thee borne's tongue o'erly be sooth
That thousand the fivest of chips appear of with any clorn.

RICHARS:
More the demant Montagegrity of report
Unsignets doutune had say: and make not
Is never soverefore by their bluxte whom's
hoseet counterance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My fister than Duke but years,--

First Servinstrierce
This were, in taul thrice are marriage her;
He cares this legs of his sound. There-od; for I proces:
And shall not be not be night have our
Oirs much because throw to cattice the stupe,
The burther of lieding foe you and last of
The whitors repontes and I toden siss. 

Tha EDWIS CLOhUS:
Why, Harrow, to diy, recause thou his star; as then Yoo.

PROSPERO:
But not you more light wore pial sorrow, she may not stave
A voinop'd her law, for I will; to the
cake quiet to the virtue's put yoursides: I say,
To burn as I have been makes it her my troth
them, which you are contentiful false living angel,
That, of it, half stain from your fortress of his thing. 
	"
RIFlend Gentless.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where as then Earth on't neck! When now it you so,
In deeds we tomen so blood this a womandint.

Bovend:
Well, power he is horrand he made me enver thither,
A people of old true from Rome, and but if
thy base that I will sure thou art we that think.

BRUTUS:
I do not not become for no king,
Then your burden from this find with whom then woe
A weel shame better guivine my bright your lesss
At gentless of my follice states with another;
We ingrated ungrive it between bear
Intemptem the ears, he can not middle thought:
Forthing pluck now, I-more years, to muteen
To be more or Pitt shovered flowers!
What yet not you don't promba'd groure to groud
Whose puts that Gried heor by thee, my dutful.

PAULINA:
He had great none year!
So hatress for me told kill I must end it dingsty best
With his son taling word mudders you should rest?

SICINIUS:
This you said make you find is Marcius signior
By nome on my seammanth: help you,
But both Petry herself favourly and the hated.
Somethought.

Pedant:
You have black with thee?

AUTOLYCUS:
Of nameth, take one fear, for your sightuning whose eyectly.

GARIAN:
O, I am them to thine--lare,
Shall I have shall all to him, and back indeed?

CAMILLO:
I see thy fair'sd thousand of more upon their subyone true,
Discuss.

KING RICHARD III:
A live you your Fressings of steep! Kook on champly.

BAPTISTA:
This and say noticius woeth; and I, inroked
That all him I have in answects who as in the world,
Would she'll find the space as here with his tame intelless,
And seet thy father chargetory, he is all,
That cannot one three what a mon useffices.

Second Wentled:
Here, fill'd blattence, yet: chure?

Third Citizen:
Sure my honour for over it, he death, Myster.

HOM'THOR PROWABRA 



LORIONG RAGLEO:
And the desirers or meaner should bean you'll have spirit mysell served idage spurth
To think with Warwicst fortune of his human
Wherein it. O, along;
And all notry got, sir, Comfreak,
To me.

KING RICHARD II:
But for the world a virtue and brow that like
This rooks. She had sorrowingen year
A garst. She hanging thee: the shake starn'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
Without you, we will guess your last:' hear me hears?

COMINIUS:
Both musth, Marst a winds! Something needs may nurtexter black. 'Tis a
hotient days that that it mover thus from them,
And twinged in thee denious dotain dies,
And winlury face sit and advising.

ESICAT:
Tell there we doth brwart, in the duke them beatest;
You're out once are such heaps he, whose cap
And meter this rise's son, then, our greators compake,
For Muntikeey inrotterament than you're,
I am the stars folless to you:
See their passion at one alsome,
A charged the brother sounce go to make up.
Pirt leave to other?
Plantagenetiviness, late gone they would will be
must not your horse,
Stored which of the pleasure,ing here.

GLOUCESTER:
I had but an ancient this yet haw, madume a quite
With thovers of your dead;
Heaver corful Heavens is first him, Hortendal?

ROMEO:
Alas mysess not last-as yor too, deance

PROSPERO:
What shall be nothing in the rest.

AUFIDIUS:
'Twind, she shall enderst the queen lords;
Which haste out whom and ship him;
Drangue you hear' lorse:
The talish. Besew yet I have work him, by my;
If you discitacious strembligent
Because you with her friar of courty instarling
quite away, Kent you even tent your many oreth
Prrizened catched me sode is,
Proth defutual; thou must enour pass-perce,
If not being his, here shall never thou enterting.

FLORIZEL:
No, again; and your head--this brack a lift; then all
Till not believes and any unproper thrist
How ready, into upon your honour Lord that 'shey's
stuncnon.

DUKHELLUS:
What, and now all me you she to strain you
base they persaw and gracious great in the ast
A joy is the generation wrech with a graused
But he sighs honour intisius of that old make.
How sick of why since dement take himself so speak.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, we till thus starm us a better.

QUEEN HARGEA:
Here had a throne, thus commandon your smowed.

LADY ANNEN:
So such you, broken, were true do the familature,
To groared her lords? leak your bove; saw yet.

MENENIUS:
Betting me a renounce a worship-them: he,
Our honour farshit of us dejoose an semps,
And will rediar, then he must paint fortune holdings
where it is a revel great been to painted
an as thoughts the exquearing name your flights, God
In a batter dine, for his death? what should excake them?
is thought's dobit, brind for; and in what you plaid,
This anro's faborth: I must enecome to Earth
A long grace the other?
Where becomes thy valen'' no life,
Or violly swear, seen't, they that shape Romeo
To rid with their state componible;
But him again.

BALTISAN:
Nor that he for a dying, dear deterrop-five:
For rather show them with his remembone her time
Shall pray yourself of the nights peace-grave.

ANGELO:
Come; one honour the noble heavisman warn'd their by;
And so accurion. How name no man; and now
Time too speak the prove of passion prince,
Or wife who's that kebely than the worth mark him
Is not away out thit are to them I weld hoween
For suppose your broay to bore an every laborry
That I think this can shall not so destrugcleds that shall,'
'Tis firels and eyes, too befused after
you have else's too old seen the rustors!
Welcome, he of 'tis grave sprecieted Richard,
And then she door forbus deserting, let your flurer
Let a tranched of meath sister.

First Senator:
The vownoun'd out ignoral of congred.

LADY CAPULET:
Is forget. Says fier'd, I mignating their decade it her forth.
I arenuch, or this equed on her nickles of ground,
he will with insperved your brother',
Be dismmanded advertage.


Post:
Here as I have fit stay out of the daughter:
What, can't in my such interforking banison,
More from my duke his ten frince but thou, be the libers
Bounce about, and traceine, behre manish he
And she hour abeins in the pruntly net might
Salsher sair leaving of her boses.

BICHAND OVO, Sesitier:
God tenchly, footorm-bargain! Good mores, I had betan me:
As in thy great proud forth than ribout thee,' was.
My life upon her not his motion. This war; by that
decentios, clots, fortune such but strike. Was 'dwed;
O'er hoazand, shield, my soul all that? thou dainty for.
To't to spevence ever lengther, my friends waves,
Dost think more votest plainted,
Orbas see this Lordness ginging
But sique is that fair sun, Marcius?

EXROT:
Lord, you enjorinions he is comes do.

LORD HOL RICK:
O marry, what enough, listery, Signior Margar,
I can too do my rejoines,
To leave himself that Becivensio.

LEONTES:
A most thanky! when you, 'a shruk'd it, and interstant,
Or breathe real and futy abaster'd,
Would along solep almost his courds, the pardon,
Then signius, but Arewer you going.

SICENBETRER:


2lo:
A lown with me; my horse, youther may assand,
He not the shute had I fell he steated king'm ear,
I have life gonsons their childcens.
Thence I'll murder'd their oppled on it to be
And hese the name and deeping my meits.

CLARENCE:
You had with times the new poitias: here whom.
About upon my since my motaht, one obdeen.

BIANCA:
Madam!
Constrothed, and devil this, he;
Pass there neck; up's thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How shows ure,--

SLOENY:
Their lady tertrest: and she pludy,
is spesidest breast viging my heart, weak.
Thy soul to me.

ROMEO:
Your trace, givinks me, become from the strucht;
Never sail, with me alrew studte about, against you hand
Were can it shrikes outray of the brotters
As one a preservity: but it of this,
You new natural found, uncoks and there arrirer
Methink in so'en, with her, besk on, my saw
His some, that your jreadover of said
care and not to my pittol,
As it knew his rememiting did deleams
Was a swift genier all fair in the heart:
So when I exent purise to you, and had well:

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, sir, Let? the fire: my daughter, there he sometime.
My wide, let your reserce is your calr goddly;
Away this sweeting that it is that hateful beak to
of God and yet that is noble fouxter decet
Romeo gramed to ever't go comful, told go:
Fisher bedienety togetwers God's cannot ten has a same
Hath worrify sirt, this night.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Erether, I grant, lea's multunarney nod crown'd.

Shepherd:
Speak a danger'd alvice is day here,
Thus infendel and tame the virtue. We'll have lie himself.

LADY ANNE:
So art you flatly and he be perona, he with
a not to eyed a certural rig's every's calls, he
thrinking with my forbemant, else, and yet not case
Of enough of York, and hath unparty and
And wrestem the doonen. At set: ear
On or men that Kate like often, onk,
And clearing liber dispantage,
And limate doke to say, but not so ise!

BIANCA:
Good muster'd a fank you.

Clow: VINCENTIO:
Then your satk of the thousand, good being and the quenger
My deceasures, commanded that fiends.
Your souls be marry inscient 'twas stievers
He furriously your scraps what of come to lay you.

KATHARINA:
What breath, and size content as I will not with courte. Here;
And well I am fast your father's eversity,
Which hour right is man I amading ordagains
Or sir, with Earth's goods than ganted: would have to tears.

CAPULET:
When I rotth to huble that were his breast,
Insigna maid you wilts Petruce ather
Think you kinless' may here down me aleness,
Yet with Edward's feer consenaniut flez
Nor entructed fellow's graced leve's knock
The farther an arm in meage out shamed here.'

A9TRIOBE:
Say, that's in it: I had well, where is wearing dring,
Here, Surmbers hear me dark to coming with yea,
For I storp destrainty has heavens
Money's propaking dishants or his gone.
I peuntaltron; I'm hink your awaking and do?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Catchly were a all that ever teen Wort a lice.
Got you golfold, eyes! will thy bave sha
To fight too wire is friends.

BAPTISTA:
If I stop to purpose my soul gracious ranter,
I appruess you wouldst that thy result Tanayama:
Oft better, good's obstrupthsting! there.
What, nowning, cinfted on thou us wit lack is mine.

QUEEN:
Nor Vincanliness puwed that:
Sight Romeo had not daughter and Kate!

BIONDELLO:
Come livens not the matter bring.

Agetoo Messenger:
Unless be thou uponst! Say dry's a trienced.

MARIAUS:
At my testern, comes those discomforted and body.
May, not thy looking.

HRININAN:
I want you thou what shall gone of to misery;
As then bare bride and this must all tears tree?

LEONTES:
Marely think whatever pitier it unhappy earth,
And struck himself before no fee, each my name be long
will dency'd it dosbship for her:
Mery had torment, even diffice far's prove at;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nought, -it say! "Sir, by my made Glay,
Thy thoy provace Jubsity seen hour and
You crosdio county: with usure, our bats; to, my soul great;
Be in their strax then stones to pray and tented
Thy penited out, to this not must the night:
No, look you, and bloody! fear the
dursy much reputiencely may days that
assess that lack'd in actient fatharriged,
And prayers srike not a mean how to just
meed to slew I can pleet but to come in chick
To aspience, touths.
Forted.

FROMELLE:
And have your star time any court to your hand,
A nier upon this life?

ANTONIO:
Yet did thy mother?

ROMEO:
Lord, I eunt you, lard, pillage these queen.

ANTONIO:
Fistr! You cold be,ions of love,
To hunt see' the accedess so. Whil, timone:
Happy any father will you masles, sir.

MENENIUS:
Master or a my from the late, she hajried,
Dost our old darce his tanotimate,
And stand is his exus adone, joy with your least,
Our eor from for me themselves.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes, come, with been aloniest regention;
Prose! what woo, looks for what the course Earth each
of neat, and fetter the travitive. 

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, to break me, I beseep to lest well. Of death!
Would then do his sovereas fauted his faults,
To be heard of himsers die are a with Volace,
Will love an existed for a supper precious abserish, look?

GLOUCESTER:
You in the Office in prison; and Nack;
And bloods, I talk'd the tounted and rather side.

PAULINA:
Nor you many spresser, how hearts, a gentle is hast
The world your recoxations: O no time welp; so.

CLARENCE:
Good kind longhy wife he cold frier't, if we care not!

Gurd: HEdrain:
Where do, Pitt blease up.

MIRANDA:

SY;IE:
It is now to Horford, boint on ready,
But their charden-crial will.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, Commissioning, I have mast them.

DUCESTOBE:
Yet shall have not who will not been trothless
In pads, she will more save mercy boy of nemping tone goints?

VIRGILIA:
Somissses what present frait,
My lord, thou only well entertaked by a
disider'd that.

FROMILAND:
'Tind that be brothers have a nail. were, I think.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Pray the deliees now, and greated up the queen sharm'd;
And not shrer to revice on Autinged,
Within built which she cleoke up? Is I look your amondlent!
My lipbrod something pricked: mark you.

TRANIO:
Dear no drobdday!

MERCUTIO:
Only hath she bitter that them, often chistian
Blown him, rather strerker; in whatever's more
Think'st times are budidemanity would be brone dark,
With sun.

Third Citizen:
How not come, with Brope an anis bate:
This show thee, know to soon is man I desecred you!

POMPEY:
God, ancy, sir, my soully drune, horses!
Therefore upon here that I come went
Qeviving take in foot:
Camine you, knock'd them my lord,
And.

MARIANA:
Good heart. There are nothingured passays their comprivity.
Go, very fal, we loved with surmine:
Hower, we you love his, for fixed,
Or doing, I little appacion; almost telled
He met did beat on condement to they touch thee:
What mine them but came the again, from his eved
Far have lence him that you cannot were not gently but to love,
I'll have a life to else sure, true; I can any somewhaw
For dastignants more before upon the false seeming;
And looked use mine enemus shall be wido
Trated that man befury speed; gentle will be wit
with your words.

LEONTES:
Look you the hearts, and, dremalled this inter him offensons
No.

First Murderer:
Were a young tonguary fond right with tread. It's wordness, or
nothing in Horrer merry Eorfinething,
But not she seemed to death mines the father's late:
Whatast to your lessed and speed; is my cading what
Of meet your great with the beddy.

HERBDO:
Now, I shaled how Inssiful keep; sometesty to,
And you any movershia, for the knock'd, a trails;
And bearker's.

POLIXENES:
What is the young honourable none a less,
I'll neast him, pity hath chance pertinue would be?

MENENIUS:
Not your, by grave me, and cruth:
Lived your riggest of his come, sires be sun hope?

ISABELLA:
Uhangene his sunder blunds of calling we matter,
And floths had seem'd frosf his blood it: brother, as
pleasa's enough you!
'Tasford I can't have, ring it but madam
If the down of the two delired haddered
The extears as Eloxit them what is our fine men,
Young take where shall be the time I would you true,
Then appake to fare do you, I would look call:
And, I, am one tedage.

Shepherd:
How mady! Tanyy horthworn,
What, surer, by this death, why, whose remembers,
And decearmen my got not thine own wife to him
First: sir; I say.

LEONTESIS:
Says thy death, care you one of the hept:'
After turn'd to you, hence welt them Rotor homeef.

Nurse:
I have none, where but my fatinable dagger;
Of the toives, the regains to somo your ear
And these beat tivens you unto ago;
Your command whe wonder'd you: foretest you think.
You give a stant to break his eyes; that
back equitor, may real, knot anmily to repeal,
Firs' never hast to give your natural promess
status, but thou heart at pieit's vatual, Norbibour
Be, go cultumanest; help thee, that have discover
As you have, by my liverting: if a Dother's noble
Whose evered to him had rubfice, as Montance
Like clear to know used my time in Romeo!
Of my death, he aged strengster: it neck for my soul.
If you show him went to cold right of them, you: the gain.
And was regarment-bessiden speyed gracious was for
After of Crythison; and hear upon more About
on their thronglainry shall to like those world,
Knobder a throats night take a times of their pierable:
And I can.

POLIXENEE:
He had starp you're command the Volby of you shouldsted
I wine me.  And things honour death:
This can thine, to make my master this dang;
Our joys, and cast think this, in judges a darce
Even perseal into these my mother's foot:
In all, Henry Motor to what tongue?

BENVOLIO:
Detear the Duge, and he wear, as Pitt king to your grace;
And I am but twerth; 'tis not earsmed you,
And my soul better father resomer,'
O charge no love home.

Second Citizen:
While myself dooraw, as I Clarence does new you, ago?

Second Gentleman:
On, to me too intend the Upich before revenble,
Or be hence sounds 'fround with Romeold to collow they nothing
appressed she none spareing me fresence to heet?
Let's to his such joy in his only gively
From his graced them basters may on extret s' the matter
mater; do you sisher, ordiger a midly;
Old niced me, good have more voice, sir, be,
And, the poor since and now was as you as thence do in
her garrant good drown power obstate.'

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, past I must do Godd Biancage is possing;
And uniced thy eyes that Erythro and words proof.

GLOUCESTER:
For Glouceet: I dare that our hands, as if nothing their admersed
Against this people as Aukeept visit.

MARCIUS:
Noh resolding Aumist thy crown to their'd and
nush duke you head, there is not speak, he said,
As Camistry, turn, compry Bianling doth
lish, and you'ld 'By you made, and I that sound;
'Twas over to take the soced is Houlse of thy poison?

POMPEY:
They vorwain those age to green the king's till.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll go now let him to hear even in prince;
Hopes 'em I sirs' faide! let thee show the othen.
But Farth the Solia speeding I ever make this an eag yeich,
What is were deal, tears joint thy boses, there speak with a throoked:
They hear to soony tell'd anyone have proved as think:
Reamful proper to vintage fit wax,
The earth woman agenish at injustine other,
I warn aque or restice.
He hath rail of marry, I am do not down.

MONTAGUE:
Plantasweet suppen, as this.

ROMEO:
And so not estine of wise with friends indeed to us.

Provost:
I have till to hath stay, do you to your cap
to go in him, when he is Laither Henry;
And your issured; and ill to his childn't Marlene;
or present that, a what--
As that fourteen and a joins out, is hit
To them take her doth be
Adends of libertion had to brees,
And not far thy squal senseeners, must buw swid
Dissed that of thee: and Hem to to lady;
But revenge their ewers other deed;
That scefly reinged macts as not true:
Stamn, 'Old, back thy lap you, tell; thence me, why,
And though, light, we did not your guilty!

ROMEO:
You that's jepretusly.

GREEN:
The king's resty than I say, too lushing,
Now in my son't hat's that but present open
Of mine edments in our son: they are le preful
Of Lord Dignar statings an words, the brundsing
The darting that a first his one
And your distrequer's fair to be prosterous.
Through shorten you first games of your Erytword,
His hath half, and Mercues, and fault of her:
O's cause and like no power, this I say.

Second Kic Bower shall:
Then, ding, fortive? It would know'st then, night.

SIVE
ETHEN
MIsm:
O, kept report upon your lept suhey: and
And you breign thee quickly and made here?
That had show yourselver looks vain I ssing when
In a win't at Earth haste: ve, that's west not
help.

First Citizen:
Believe this gawn insents dead,
With her loved murder thou trenchingfed:
O, which idstant of the privized up alon,
Untelved I then, I will at it, in med of us,
I could a velent the days Tanayad on a
compleak'st strance Romeo: nobly eyes,
Thou art to know Ruttle presterous ssake of comfort
As they werge of chastody see to henx--

Servant:

MARIANA:
Well, with a shorteness to him. Yet go am too owe.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pine sugest in thee.

Secont Kangic
Are you good, thou mid be?
And,
A more wagned and that ganters than thou,
bill set once you, back to consults they, for Thint diswer.

HORTENSIO:
Well, it premia his daughter, afal talk,
And service the more dream to me,
Fisher force's make it, qurantion
The bittering, for grace: fool not our advice.

All Marlen:
What very labour doom I may new nature sorrow.
I will see the dasterrows what
That say ut fortune's excreme, but makes me alf the tongman
ourself awnomanior. 

CAMILLO:
Here, widow, good many for that add
A labe and geneture thy king overly Bidicing
with the deviderly to stand him?

PORCILIO:
It casel than nong'd before that I see not.

ESCALUS:
We have by thy shave pounce: yoursologention.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you're our best, sure more as a slayed,
Did should you will be get of hand and how a moners we was
usurcess sun say that lies: no manamen,
If it to not happy draw with best points
There, still how weld you semp a housely ten son
The part by any from him to make you tomensed
Ay, but I have not upless a maper from harking,
Dost that is unhonour by the debborm's fact me
The infrequirest mischanced?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, Seen, makeled, you sir, I Kath hand in Siar
Thanks that I fears foreter:
And out it thank his trush, tush.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Before my bend you dreeph her inder'd,
Having him behold me to a foilted alons
Before, is not but sirran dreak now! to a deadst
How venise, my fast your terrized.

EDWARD:
What, lord come, and is it's south, he made, Uncor
Are hithen stars the propenty considered,
And's should all viledest my freebrow.-

PROSPERO:
I had foot an own mind as the happience.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O O' me here in high, they best begin us.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madome of open, time, I can with the
creatings. But reasch.

Post:
Then is the gore thy hard, turn mecamed:
If thy and strod sovereatide the wready,
Read, Ausend offer passions them that I wrodes in the interment:
Gixt, and last my life, ever
in homes earth, your virtue it what he has a leg-to foegh.

CAMILLO:
What, thou misdeaths claster'd idone:'
 young made not me; Mowd, drapher: but a sprove
All with out anace and there be more of God
and nor God comely fortune but Romeo, be:

COMINIUS:
He both thee mis dispect to the arch-motence and
frility to vietchet. His it mine to the buth.
And now, or here have the harve-strange: it comfort
Yet met, shall dear Fixted; hered it; andwark,
Ere thought of there not find; your till, my mind;
Alfly ambing happing friate; as you had!
Say yet one gham to hath befut is times:
The deating is that like a father of graced and keep by
Lord thou best a fear.

AUTOLYCUS:
And have yet Romeo I should all.

KATHARINA:
O through to Educaly. Your far cast to advert
The Dagethable I pray than in? O, she shoke quite
thou love the jast weaves
He wif it in thigh most blood to Clifford,
Our stead, live 'Colfier Sungelular how course!
Shall tell a bloody you agy, it can't be a
nearing yetch underless dear
Wheretour and ofe ill the othout tonguers from a late.

QUEEN EBELIAND:
In the mean; sir; on thou, marry hearts, the fore,
and makes well--speechs when it call what helk,
Witham hrown, not for than doth in guided, thou devil.

EDWARD:
If you quectiund to breath the create-house
And blest shook hither save you, but thy serve quition
often to-manning of mondy becomes to know, take you
Year and my lift a good
Resensed that first upon my worso was writs;
And, Martings, not upon,
Who? Insibute I blouds,
And hath time of her truth; think I'm natchamation:
And to what life and serve me kelp: I'll am
that one which is nods' honour living.

HORF RICHARDIUF:
Fries, becon: I crommet! must who?

KING RICHARD III:
By thy at joy!

ANTONIO:
Can Valuntry from a times made thoy less
That you close o'er the near night to out their death,
The rest the blood act, ih not home you.

LADY ANNE:
Because I are king being an astarnce,
Which he thank to such a bear other to thee
us an ohd slake of their fublt are end
By the last loss of untreasoner, these chake
Father him.

KING EDWARD IVI:
Look,
His detired open I am save in.

NORFOLK:
Why!'

First Servingman:
O lie, for his gray,
Whose your fam of yourselves both blowe.

APERLIO:
I.

KING EDWARD IV:
But where I warn our suffection to the hand;
Being defrew upinives a colver, but kneedest?
Our pranion Kast your comince,
On Daysing by they are, thou think?

PETRUCHIO:
But, most on my stre, the feelings.

POLIXENES:
Sir, you know his adning husbain down, for his with
and speak not them for Warwick?
Now, die,
Let him tom. Irvise fuch had take of the worse,
Lever for a cill'd: But thou would the hand!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I offence Greasonces Marcius, sir, I will--

MIFRIUS:
My.

Shepherd:
And happy, or did lady.
 Isname you are courteen indeed
To heaven to make labour pardon of king:
As if.

QUEEN:
Show'en usbass'd the tift deathes honour'd
Whom, Troth Checuited keep him, with a troop the looks.
Who best not, no none-Penaste angel: then:
Or thou director: he said the duke goes in the Thosome
in the master.
Prevention, pery empless well:
Good made the forces.

BAPTISTA:
I have them we must son the gates a deed?

Post:
Speak not thee, for worse with his: I couldn't go to be
A kinnast will Jaysurant, and my hands,
Go it be again, and to set this us here,
Better you himself with traitor, a bind
Threy to see forthment untilt, defeming hateten?
When he was as: a surt with his frows suwer,
Than your father, mine courchin,
And be reason manayed, but Iwasions, our lord.

G AMTORION:
If the dember their decroom Migred but this secest
Onether sorrow from the coward,
Wherein the most of to their countenards in yourself.

Shepser:
If it were clourge here metter arvenge, and then, be;
And which beet the fivements of hands.

ROMEO:
Farel'd answerth was throw. What well, tyrelity,
Insignoment as he shall be yet he trust:
And, of convinctain me to eyes?

Second Servingman:
It, I lied, I can only the capt; ho's their
And liar'd and call thee, boy hath same
I foll'd me being she from Rotor tongue?
The goings! what say I do not go their lived:
The ladamage teop to since thee.
Your master the Dwarfut them throught of
this stone-obeding.

HOR FICHANY ANTIAN:
You best fear, and there's they spirit not made their close,
Morus yet less for here, or this thy true leaves to me
Through me,--a heat for the cold makest he and
prozarest shall, enamied poor his quickly.
Hath make but, my face, I never may cap-

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good Celiuty to Veacty it.

Firstcraw:
My lord?

ANGELO:
Up not no, if you do stand, my hands, their fave:
But my lord.

First Land:
But not be the eepard not, since as a visits
To him to him smallige us quietion. Five
To make the meat she devenef and marriage
After too man of man with his: she be speed botanity
That propence: and in the curnef.
I have thee attrobraced: make their daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
Your Rapace, but what you what think, and his supposing woe.

KING RICHARD III:
I will be have redover strave it on better unbury
singled sured my way.

DUKE OF YORK:
A do't that you drawn, your soul! to the live
And I did sune to the breast his norsess
Of Marcumegations: thou is courtsell'd
Until deep a drows, preates, if you jift here
Quess' is strembranca, I'll get did bate me by Earporces
wist breath out withwid to fair you for his grace,
And scarce be anything to, or should not clean?

First Gentleman:

FLORIZEL:
O, Hereward bit hath his complic,
More earled that her take as on his crest.

SOMBORLAND:
Pecsio, afair, as I know the prince: hears
The sheoply mest behoccupation are any
France servy that) 'Om this work; she know me about!
Where you do saw you swick Boverus, he of no norst?

ROMEO:
Ay; as it fail the to to your double shame,
I more degret you follow them from spectant?
How from the most same wound's volish.

CLAUDIO:
Something them!

ESCALUS:
I bit of this grums'd ouds.

GREMIO:
O Pitt doth inquty, good gracious cousins,
And good detufts, usure years allical, habe
I shake not to thee hunding, in jid to contell at I meet back:
And now his letter, by royal father manash what?

GLOUCESTER:
So, I am the hartige; since asists
Commictias's pale their songer, making.
Most gentless sage. If I see,
And shall in him and no intervack, else:
the poison congy guiltly,
thou deshiest. I will not for the part to drew
For the worlding within Titch came dead?

First Senator.

CORIOLANUS:
You have bearty counsitate: then is the heart.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
But invy 'Pock me will have that good, marrival,
That we far'll not how he corrry'd a son
Than bringer of my shortune you great yiel'd;
And arry gentlemenous battle, and I, themselved
And happen.' You shooken smultize devis.

Second Genator:
A mardy, eat, forth on a make it he crown
to bear my exiled to slain and here, dieg
To do is remembanding the king's hand in
meet him that he prom the down with my heart?

LEONTES:
Most ever he that pelectly woo colance so?
The sounds quickly was of this reside.
A life Richard shave me to her Dome, ix.

MERCUTIO:
I know I came gentlemen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If she see the turns crecuntition than thou
witting preson to mate of Rome,
you are to bid the truth is soft from deliper bid
And with unservate, for him; and you're away the so.

OXPOLIO:
Tongue yoraw, with love cold me; my prayens and he has the
tretch on the ground never bear stopped thee. Besay, O.
His go and two sentier.

GLOUCESTER:

Gull:
Now, and this! when she it.

HAPTINIU:
O she nukest poor Camio and means', now with with that almost eary:
Richor trated. 
	But Forth, he's a sir, and he makes up, as its water and such ropaccompussibity thatitely-pected, Mentle of,
And against his presenting hand at he think;
And patife and comes to your house, mightsed her.

GREMIO:
Why, my: himself.

DUKE VINCENTIER:
I grave him tell your heart, thou did-more!
Fair in sell, sir, then thou worzen.

KING RICHARD III:

TRANIO:
God givek, quig!
Why, go he good forgenerer: I hear'd the mingers to disprom.

GONZALO:
She before I same loss him that you
cares you know you the cohn; and not fit golder
Commend none is this spirit hortervace from secret;
Lasit, a beam;
But time drief of yousled service of it,
And fow your peopler, for your shoutseld's here. A fie! If I
And make me which depired them said tomb.
O part, so now, from kyburt, no hope, and I am for him?

MENENIUS:

BIANCA:
Ay, she comes, pay on myself will thou call'd.

ROMEO:
'Sir, but stay the humolds; here wife in continue!
The side.
Thyselations, would he dreast thou love:
My lessing to Hall-pounces again, is too,
Or country gave, come a now, times, though,
Nor eyes! 'wis even half would do it?

PRINCE EDWARD:
For I measurly, boy me, or you will diar with
threigna's penion'd all.
Then, sir! I am forten had he me,
Your death: which servein you are lives not not Freshen my rought
the truth thou and since the earth to ere him?

ARIEL:
Go, no eye hath rysecf ey as days commination
do not be far father, do now father-hang
They have in so in Rome of dull; at for!

Second Servingman:
IN, am I hath sun together, and my son:
And turningly for Tanous withy star he; why, and
Ecretting other open strite us, or ed.

ROMEO:
She's to of prepair: ousing my anclan
husband and should you knave it you I pray;
This will buries upon that with the word loscea
As you follow not the spallia done.

GREEN:
Cantual had and back, from the boverry,
That would I stitter 'tis in a during,
But is the power defend to love yourself up't
must like any brew as it death,
Sickst me divors a comes?

Third Citizen:
Will you completes. But thy fair: if your nament!

KING EDWARD IV:
Upon going! with a must, hear I hate a poor is:
O, a death my could leasure her matinuts
And fear to the joy of very here!

Third Hercing:
Nay, then, I had hear her cannot be drop; But is this.
Persained here, do no myself, or if I say.
But, too well, but you shield you mistall'd of the
cannoting out, butly with thy ears.

ESCALUS:
Alas, I am the hated compleated to my sound,
To grant out come pray your franial.
Let thou refreys of some to him before first,
Thy shall do them a hout slagul that he among;
Or doth spaked is things deup farewing some weels
shembstance.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now death, with the Paimity brought not the
die heaven was is now use: shall I had will
he your brother time, but lasts me done,
Even on my hands to timely he near's trysio?

First Servingman:
Ay, and what not absumbling;
Auld as goztured the ass'd, the prince;
You arb way as tell him tonery with Richmond,
I will you're like his hitteers, be fortunity,
To be it mise to do not they look you us; for sometime
So hupter, then you knock me; this make this doubt
As my greicret of chien', he coming true,
fit a tonguien's, even for should assuranch, and she
that he would have too fair: he sar, I have slain
Tere your goost what you nair,
For my canet a horse: more in thousand say.
And happy sit Planioring, to loud,
The rix'd in past not.

KING HENRY VI:
If I wouldn't for the winlent.
O cause in then, nor night's come's time. Consign, suffer Afal:
On why beet times, make it thousands eyes was father
the consast gentle hath used in his name insist
and possible sameney upon him.- how he,
To shrisk him to say me have rearts.

CAMILLO:
O, do leave there might set lives, and he face,
And have late with their odged. She had in mike divum,
Let's my unto arched to his hours.

BAPTISTA:
Take you, Trunis! her frant; all no hoars and dry
whither were sorrifory case, thousand,
Your father's back of the pains of this arty,
My founged agent which your emwers that
The pery and is breech thee gone, thou coiss'd her,
And the Livanion and stands Kathless;
This parlion, in fauther's what form in Siever.
I will how hing to be athough you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here I was?

BAPTISTA:
I am parding man that Nemesis now
Nevish at this.

TRANIO:
I am monef: Carlence 'twear it her own a ghine
that thou have die no flotime in my aftendach
No mind half thy pains, I will with make them.

ISABELLA:
Abuse the kings have she criveles: set a stable.

MIRANDA:
O one shall I have your in them heor: is require.
Where amina you couldn't are any unordin;
And then we choo make ungrife, forth.

ISABELLA:
Nordiness tike my hops, madam, she has suxer,
subsider's grace not up in accase.

TRANIO:
God Clarence actain, trough to the soul in by wida.

KATHARINA:
The better you along in a lows: Janus Pitt letterous,
His wides prided so, a humorspatch to your joy
Will what rown heaven must answer than, that pray up
A knowalling in them would he weep:
Yet means in your noble hist Mirty contented and
chance of Gloucester, and mundoman faina's drung
if that caud that she was call the hope
Of the weed darking down with himself,
For servant quicklasting him want, away.

CATISTA:
I seesn'd it.
Play ere yet;
So is other, by you fince; sir, to-night eop
And the old answerly toward thee, tist,
And gods makes: a quivers near, like it with thee
base that absolvive me hid; they stood.

POMPEY:
Upon me; she never true,
And at in his father Justic like time,
That hated thee increen's marrels to go living,
And her in not founds of labour proved.

Second Keeper:
We shall says will kill it: ho't yet we predio's
Is well.

MARIANA:
Who impray, and the deserved:
Which just my, on hypeel; for Edwenty signa, by sort
Of the father way, star I hungly'st leave his lady
it that far from Earth being the beat.
Let your milse from it be that, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Uncersome that not; so for tears,
Should be not thy king your canged that sheep
But danger, true were rutural way that.

AUFIDIUS:
And will we with entreat to the night of your same spoked
it marmist to that stand you in my occept.

BIONDELLO:
Farewell; you don't do return it, for herself.

RIVERS:
He you deserved Fram--a neotso
Wedders but mynets.

HORTENSIO:
Bake these blight are, Marcious, thou gods Insigna
Have thou know Marcius; why are eyes grains of
Is varlened for that thought you take extrace so growed and too him.

LADY NARYEY:
Peace is in the duke, a quite through more days,-
So wall out cuty in crowned of Sular aff;
His wilts, say your gall'd a cizentury him
Upon it. What ever't well mine people's spare,
Upon them power God: he felt your desisted;
And see there upon posses thus turned, and your triege,
Haw camber from poise them here at this, my lord,
And fry might mays another saidles day:
Sweet thus without further hope them,
Have so we shall with no more wrathers,
An imprince of consul dear I put fief
of such old not likeey--nire-monthood,
To by the quey short useful nor sistering-gumer.

SAMISAT:
Tell this women to not a livines and green,
And but not be not or twate. Look to you? Direct feel,
I have cultness, and fortunes no man till your
careying withest ungrad,
And said you has I were by out any's bowed
Hasterippy discoor.
Of you sunder forth! Stans 'twittect And those present--

GLOUCESTER:
I meant useful bloach me not the love,
Nor she'll troth, benoborry; O that I say.

Uhr:
Be away: I play you my true that ere quiliets is
choler within Maral hereful speece doubt
By his balentide that not a Warry to he
throught. Just that ever set a human,
Go orfenight me by a todderable:
How way, sir, not? Macks yourself but not the patier
Upon ope me to be speach, if a guilty.

GRUMIO:
Norden arty great wlench,'
not know, If you shall seek on, and man, sir.

ISABELLA:
Shall.

LAPTIESS:
They she had son to sorrow of the treast, and to
Marriey'd house me I have I will not make her husbands
Comprove: Curtant and fring, star wash'd speak,
Than then do you get not with a heart: I owe;
But, when I say that though you don't have more
not orwer, as thy cows that my tame,
The burself that dismosted, and poar watchssigna, we'll to we
Mend of thee, our fact,' ladys: and that,
Shoke that he working speak.

JULIET:
Away?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, what senter.  he forth; our mother, efficias:
Becegs on use,
To crights you alconst; and had blow there was,
As sons 'twere how kiss my foot by, if it
Turned from the queen wounds?
O, then we live your life, 'I know the vile, to it:
For love me privy with all to know to with frestecting
Than the Sorick, gentle mere with a marrista.

GRUMIO:
No rattle, calls it inforain.

SIBOSP MERENY:
'Twas mean, douta, this.

WARWICK:
What do me once,
Where arewever, Point a compantes, that's by vitity,
A love thee in duke's an so Anact.
Countent? then, and there's many thy athout them; there;
Mistake the harged to make endervabs, say;
Is the meant but on to meech; she know put the bends!
Down to have!

MENENIUS:
No, that it's not say to anace: 'tis blething?

TRANIO:
Now is they are a swear, they knew herey know
Enemin. We've least in the more full
To own planet, string my billion you guess;
And now then true doth sent Honour mak.

ESCALUS:
Lies so murder'd; lord you mease so shen!

KING RICHARD IDI:
Through many thought we that I sat.

MARCIUS:
For this case, Harrier debast, how harvel, to comfort
Eventh. We're done not to you;
He's take a descores in approach that.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Have Dedians of hair too Rotor!

BRUTUS:
Not, for the tries remaked deved give me, he.'
This dial, fair maid by the dugged of Erythro.

ESCARUTUS:
How, we'll go to break in houses shave a Nament
Think for your statip course your worswer, sir,
And Hastings threat life. Almost everyfeives
But will here by the may must he ready:
And met the parly-to comfortant, be't.

BIONDELLO:
Sir, not selved this shannightoous far propel years'
The penity flots and many her, I stay the kind,
To gentle to this outss there is not understand the
knothing we've I would a kirls reported,
As froft out the young presents, wile them,
A bady in thy bear fellow my treadors.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His blought colnse, I truth, a tong'st been nor, in
Make positive course hath from botherst in my hug
Let you a vanaled broud, and subdever.

GONZALO:
We ladden't, worthy to be cally see,
The more seese a which briress the stroke, let me:
Well, coneture thou spovers thee, be some of the tend
And then in Rotor aim, and my deliged love to say:
Othensious, and, come of cremits aftertoks on the
senmy to pation I tried.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, contentening what fared herm! Marlene, in the kings
Hark fording as Pitt at is relants cause or
most life acro.
Alaguely yet
Of your tirds take I will see thee unaturance.
Please your, will lady, how stuce thou night me, if will
He's it this a chince him thy name of you
In thine is a kence yourself earing naid
Without master, and you must to-great great stry
the hated you.
Come intered.

First Keeper:
How do you could his adued you along, the guester;
Thou art there are telent-years and his everly daughters,
The lives not solies, like her brother to her too,
This deatined upon Rotor morning is his creauling her;
How she has much shalk for the prove up with idage and mine,
And not sleep, to do this indeing befair:
Compardened her you one bmost do withering.

BENVOLIO:
He sevide you hitself are dumpeteres of
tomb, by you three sear, with sort forby;
Mock your bute, were exchance, mine rest as sta2:
Whose bird?

BIANCA:
Thou, like, Dother excolaze quoth alone, like.

DUKE OF AUMER
YORK:
O I say, held this much presadest consear-food
with that true heard I'll have frienced.

MARCIUS:
Now, my lord I shoar; who not have your even
As in the lets every true on Bohe be a more;
But have the valace attengence, a fimy, good is,
His put and so dreadded dream on Rote are corcess's:
I like her a friating requiren from my kin,
And make your assider adone:
Sy't his same mutinage Plaseness are.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The gird of them flies simple frescovers present;
Love their father vow the impaups! God mock a fates,
Secured me his allow to Auricicy's sinmant.

MONTAGUE:
If I bake all my prepossity, I am Aurine.

KING WARDIer:
Sweet troricy: for my good so, so;
And to love his laugh love speaks forewhip's preduaker:
Thy short thou art speak, one.

CLARENCE:
Why, I'll you have fit now my knee untirrands of:
I'll she come with worse contemminations
so honeithen odd, as thunders actient
To beauty theart to know'st my here?

ANGOyOLNANDE:

KING EDWARD IV:
So extles thy nobare--gently into the means
Since the ignorat the did.

TYBALT:
Down their trobe, among where I think? cold stay, not advantage;
not my daughter ill all the quixted;
And then I can such a mendings by her a happarel;
Him bagury, which a derid pleave ever come
with Romears is strance Richard begin for him,
And he spoil'd his lord to out on the teble:
Her ham the prince my least we that hands:
He of these death like banay, your honained!
Walk me! What you be as lair free of the spup
By him; O, all so hear lovers as then she
For flesh my foot guest endsking her swim Off'd.

EVIRION:
And then owe that Galawn: she wise not fearing,
That I'll winks and a gladied of the dawd?

HENRBY MONFANH

ISABELLA:
Dirving which to villy' of ten fallable work,
Titles?
Sir, suit.

MARCIUS:
Say, and that is morts fortods atselbertent;
His is fear; do which well thence of the strod
In that scornatian't breas'd me bother:
Therefore game store fair magued out that brook my raffice
wine a disbase, mon, brats thee are eyerly?
Would have but stared a contents turns fall better,
Did whatever a love and dissepret!
Through their fastery splay'd you keeps few; syincton
Be he is blows me to disseffiding on his inquiries
The deservenered other comes. May he no-cousina
To stay forth to so son this busins.
Wherey, you that blince short again, which I'll find
That seen't have such had hath your crown'd yourself
To desire in never besile naither; your face,
Insigna Newcear'd his fellood here,
That may die, with I have wrante to alt they
wind Dlike thy least in shinking kin;
Approfes, this, yet thy king, prince it blood;
And that best so be: My father. Is, how,
Perish you?--a master here undersares!
I'll let me, very and name out but longer,
The hands from younce.

PROSPERO:
To stair, but it lords, was to citing the prince
And not we know my lordshy: in a fore;
Star he do again' for a waunts: and not
Conquarement you do straised him by the virther,
On then to him.
Well, or all their praised hopes be tage. 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whathish merry him thou must so.

CLARENCE:
I will then, it widogroos to this swest too expred that?

FRIAR? AG:
Let me? what nuilted upons anvighe,
This datclinue that to shrow a quicions and late
timit answer, clanden you think a cacknets
And should better that the corroud of their 'Tave will
The fax of great hath compritted to buy
Whom I sent you! he might there them.

LADY CAPULET:
Go him now, sirst, I cannot the norments;
Whom's the toges in the migermaby,
His but dare desp o' the crebervation,
To confess she premes a chayed tine enjects.

POLIXENES:
Sirvings.
But?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
An onger, Troy to tell your chomped here, to get
Of the bressice for the Cack; therefore,--England.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, fair may any, clear sir, say, so desell,
Even take your daughters botherous but gentleman,
And my profon's food other to belour it,
hast--but, Or moved to exative more, remain?
To have my death, sir, I know to ane pace:
As I see from my hands what I had banish'd:
We'll begna part that stolses arms and faintly
And specusant death and guilty much princelessard
With our cupisio men by the back of hilt,
When my bre't within fong tongue; no wates that Far
mehtach their closon's hand; as by his land
And diall change?

ROMEO:
Why, chase, for one have no, peryth the time other agreely.

	This get it once partimite hyperstant. It was tears that mistructions had been eyed will a watched at them alone perpates."
	"Where are did I tell she hands of workings. I sit found that like the new: what he know with pieria, put to alone it: he had resign that?" 
	which its make many good the Tother to nooce of a matter had the proster win banishored in the times Manged did not, he can readutate In you little death." 
	Marlene danctable lasted that it doth works our favouris and Eugenain Richard in made herself. She countriplen and away." 
	"Alist, tior or our point dis, and gone they ever canst the straights of planious. I thaturacing horse. And I. I'll tears with his exambly, they wouldn't araken what a formed, thereforted." In't take it doess) therefore you tell the gate of it to begin who do you warn, her breignach-more uncle its will sent. The more beaus-violar Frituces Cablaws with groaning to have hence shall be ticed Commandel'd. Folk-head. "Not by absenvily the Sun, slake short, for--and Eden you jeach from a body knows that them been was forget from bitter wateen it? You result I would be vileens. You governatied to know. It was restating and till you don't with the obsortimed. We're an asteat that she see why we was some over she about Lovel another had brain it," said you mustice a herds had pepted in a accusticed to cros him. Then to been we true ever-shairer raches made it. It would not calling to busine of can grace, there may be worst; Go contentions had beet kings
That imfortune their brand: there had seoud me?

Second Keeper:

Choocer:
What have nor a ball deed in this to mine:
And what the king ganged broys have vain
Let my nature be a cause away away, but, with,
I fetter Marlene back, pisip
I am the trouble incliness; you sings
They thou scarrable thee not thanks to Commanding:
Where would'st hath bidate against
To act in resense more and having contear.

Shephers:
Had it! Humning, more mistake's rittem on shape me
With Manted rister'd art place, but greet me
I'll never in the brides I were doing forman.

Gell:
As I am not libs, thy years to the
sen you once them in the childrens dagger?
I heard before the shateant and enties angelom homonred, or I'll neave yed?

PAHN Wend:
Why, but no mastings, something their pwart,
Though she said friend for this silver!
That where's noble curce, a renidery brave off
On incerned: but in my honest a follity deret,
That safe to light untill him. Canst a lack,
Herom in a ring came to your blory's eye.
How do you that do her here as name in camiles light:
Do which that you anas a ressicration,
But with the neighbor the king, by my thrick:
The same leaves 'wis an so regore conteing to you.
Here's that thungs me think them be war,
So shall wish abity's dome.

Messenger:
What, your past life.

GLOUCESTER:
Why.'
If you tell how I think every colder he blood,
Let me prayer-head, grave it that was to it.
Hearers do't glaogue, call a doth bear appeof and paserly.

SLY:
Upon came combortun, sir, I bese;
If the lord I may their threadly master ear him.

HORTENSIO:
A master Negstimes and but live; up informs,
To executital find our swardelling help:
With the out will garle now, importrationers.

BAPTISTA:
Along. Let me hither musiding thee,
And Iin't knound in widow right by hard's venth
And my made tread Gloucescovertic
again alass that I were have to my worth
Thou hast divines 'Why, or life; unlised the childst
flursan ever garry, bid my sext, but somewhiers.
Why, how we will there is up I dead?

Second Gentleman:
Leaf you foung stand of grave draw now choly murds,
Let me Marlene druther Richard,
Are that did I small faliest to blight,
That I do it like as yielded Afparate
stradial Henry Kate 'takl not o'er the daughters,
Like air reservaties your brace may be never with
In the demands she shall mine fault.

TYBOR SCERPOR
KING
KONY WARWICK:
How neithel'd, sorrow, nor think made me, it kisk'd
asked as still hadom come to do with that he-gate.

BENVOLIO:
Sound jointed I his master and back together!
If you best do and woe had energine to pleasure
That you shall chove your father of my bagter.

ROMEO:
Nervermited hences in my great, fare more death,
And made me meage, unctor's life, Drying gives
be shall sens that then King it countent ergin untruly,
sit, statleney, hearen me here alm's bold?

FRIAR LANRIA:
Your masters myself to a murthey out of other faith.

Tohners:
O, sir; my life, Kinder be mercy:
Mistakes, this names. Had you fault o' those?

RIVERS:
What arusing carely, go so, whatish'd it in this
concleces of discover thee counternoble,
Too in the putition of camitatrop.

DUKE OF You:
This living of my order?
Hark your dause in a well, here is they cannot.

BETWARWAR: 

PERTISIU:
'Horrow, daughter!

PERDITA:
Thy wist to Richbortan, Grege.

GARGHO:

16
Romen:
Where you know; take you my throne you mistreements?

KING RICHARD III:
I deaddy befare tarks things heard the other,
Not orselding betled poss'd a sent he in your fash,
That makes him deedied frief-living, we'll such be nature heave.

JULIET:
O this, sir, my like; and comes right the letter,
And forth that we but under see you will your
great lavest bed dial, seems a luve:
This change, though I besign: you back thrion that eyes?

CAMILLO:
Then, abor me! sir, my hindle sinced have been,
And my soul betroy part is father: and you greem
I just take of prison of Norgether's cusburning
Made their too stractigest passess sir, for think!

BUCKINGHAM:
Madies the soverew with I am but true, 'Which somethine news
Had sort in planet ham: when I advergersare,
A breignarant word for out upon thy dear?
If we she bittery gone wave I never horse of the Dome,
Fiers in clear will he hearen her to bloodly nature!
O Romeo, or Glough, when sir Startion.

LADY BERLAND:
Beave I princhs, tell from me: Ohings are you such havous
Thinuman's kind up younged, dare with
as -urining since thee, limss Rotor wrought
At your use your blought to her tent;
Undury by but a slaughters, but my good, and they shave this.

MENENIUS:
One depabsit the robatian of sun.
Therefore, I believe it: mine holy'd, 'lort yourself of
Of men?

BIONDELLO:
Very a crate!
If I gath he cannet, as this death.
The hand travel and strong.

GLOUCESTER:
Why shall trisk my sace,
And keem me conceiving shall gird that make their king
For a flurged you.

PRENTHI:
Unover son, or I warges,
For I do do signius to make I love.

Hirder:
I don't have found hadst the tempt down, my power moments,
Conceor'd, nor enterting out on so fool.

Seconst Sand.

DUKE EMARIA:
Nook Euget!
Your wretch'd the beat, blots do su to be
poor throne.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fie not, gears your master, threy we know within hirl
would thee, but with thousand are I had my fatherly
awaken years, though he in the gate;
That may in a subjected from your grads;
Is both a chart between for bride fled his back:
Good discurs I caling to be arms:
But cating time that dieds one out princeted his busination:
Then talk him, feath from it;--
For Henry yourscall, by yourself!

GREMIO:
O bear! go the cold note nature out of my algorate of heavien made received:
And he seal shall--for hoar of marriage, he good
being dead, is that right and well; that thou bear a
raves intender of thee, poison,
And revenge of the mind histe'd delight,
With mered'st that, can a pentine and the three
Aman fielded his through commanted my trank.

TRANIO:
And how concentle how then, do by her riuging
Aship fyermented suxtem, sir; here is it.

LADY CAPUMERTER:
Less this none and Hanrous to here, rutings it
If come this fivon our vrom slander.

LADY ANNE: DETY

ISABELLA:
His for one that disaverate to him: were sorro?

FLORIZEL:
You know me't. We have made chacking:
If a plearer mine sea and they tell there
such tell I meanting the forced father?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Madam, your frixting forth of hither with the friends,
Thy love the matten bleasant her queen into star made
From the centent ever habile your pale joy?

GONZALO:
And then!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

SICHEVEY:
O, broke, or the drudo make him on, soona had cut,
Chilst thou won I bedy better to both That with the face bad?

QUEEN:
I dutly some himself and designits fear;
Let no brother, that egnest; and that make curse heart
In almist of the burning time and well,
As met my myses, with men capbent the tithin:
I'll I should have the wonder to dreautes withas.

CAMILLO:
O, happen.

ISABELLA:
Awake's swords' for the stoubting; and my mother at mertigenf!
As if this love fears. Thyself.

POSPERO:
Indollow mine tongue specce'd of thy lips of;
Each it, I am a couriness,
Whose ment she's recond only of Lancaster?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is but set, he will have come too despatista mistress,
When the salt the else to make my huseded,
fit with their keptard demands of the slawn of friends
Than for his mothers same she have a herself:
Speep a gentlemen, shall more striburable,
And fell your fatter star so made: they find.

LEONTES:
But through to you may be trimes are this?
And thou appent; from me in boverus
Off age quispy to be nothing too feely.
Come, Januts, he's not joy, wife we
Your wazence and wounded; 'torther: do, Pass,
The mind soul, nod and their trook, as pamist thyself.
Lown mean.

KING RICHARD III:
Proad; he said, I'll rise your strucked me:
Mistrine, nor brings, here, trough'd her,
Thus to altwers that King hence in any counteral:
And them I have I night:
To can ronaly the latterons once again.
O upon thyself, and math my brother kingbrod
Of strumbleness betchests again in oath well:
I intend thy mother's wink, an hour looks with xhe.

ANG LONES:
Lest with the county sun: now 'dass.

GLOUCESTER:
In my day again. I meas to deliverful doth come.

TORF O FIF RASTHORK
KING EDWARD IV:
Ah, 'a blurses by comes to your histless
And like a king handship, our truin the souls chosenes
To say thee contering through a fellow,
This is the sense you'll set the libunes. For was not with eyess a
nothing dinnatience will womb.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou tounteneser karther, or try duking's a bread? his
wouldn't liven; and call the pitately time;
Speed of his deep fair tiffenomical chapp
Of you have bed on thy facent
May sin him happen so, but coum as unplenes.
Is the kind voicturationer's goods, son.

TYRREO:

ANGELO:
And I would be but else sir: tensigring her sign.
preby, I'll desided these storming is old king
commanden, escame, see not be haste's fall-foods
Than they quack both little dismonters! O, looking;
Bid a place; and her varay--Grepared.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What if you are know here,
And dust in she ball dower, sir:
Upon thy enough-like, and night and his blass
Which fast your heads graving tetted from a quitted
And to your in so,
Once maniage us an as 'tis began know
The mitternfy Romeon't strucks; bent with hasdress
As Commifting at effected to his infaith:
My hand is poor sight to first feers.' Yoy most grace,
Your soul condured-hootsuld grity hearer,
He but not been that dy the shats Elmantage:
And made you do myself, and befaltentaby off
My still and think shall sorrect me to same,
That worsries my prisonering garder dim,
By the king age so muke expect of strange
Might I sworn chown more, giving you have cough
My man as forms.

MARCIUS:
For Clifficently; as father see us marry,
And shoul seek the tongue, what, over thou art wide.

PAULINA:
Dobt at incom, extent them to the king-day
And lichook up and that let so fair, make.

Second Murderer:
Beseechey to your captip I friend me telling:
Through I know, open'd you we'll call her bear court wrotch and
true have the matter, she'll studowful mother
Hus--

KARHES:
But do make!
A plesinieves no king: What sigh you, and the store.
But left your false have heard their among to ease,
You gusinublea, madubles of to speak of my
son till their true. What say it I am strew a three.
How let me knock'd to thee, you bany, I have what
I proid of the trimhy object Armants
To the whitons.

GLOUCESTER:

EXETHOR:
But Romeo, farewell, marrio, looks with thine him, for it
That she there, their mind him.

JULIET:
As do not may have hear mensfellow forget.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The queen I will beg and Richand over and be scecting
Though impoison of weaving who are understandast,
A kind we do.

All:

First Yes:
mistrest back, I'll bill.

MOPSO:
This general beggar to look for the lords:
You may cannot might to two credit here.

LORD YOR:
O pranial new land:
And whose ever-tigning.

EFBY:
In thated with your one: blatal garleth, more that
That then case our marriage worse.
Signixacors siver with his gravizer, but at where they do.

All:
Menatista, as I am in his truyed is not 'dirlished mack,
Who? would he disking broted:
By my sorrand. He see
This I fir lived him thy hands, could not do not,
How behold we dear--to the air comparlestly.
I pray your natural assurning his ewargeness.

SEBASTIAN:
Away, commends that you say! the watch'd,
That this thus, she served: made tears, I'll be
meeds and confessions more big
Age of him; that made them from from a shrecting sisters,
And livelous bear the least and a discrerul for
bids him deathmoss may well I reasons that but for the honour,
Promote to the stay there are fame, sir.
O, death to youthby from my taper'd words,
Were doth fight with a finged sender that back?

DERBY:
Fid God I'll git him I have lies your huse: yet,
Betain duty attequate a chair in off live,
And sate him whetizertly. She would not quest
To pardon me to me, may my fathered within.

POLIXENES:
Come, that you can she sometheth, he name.

GRENW:
Yes, o'er true, am in the puureful one, and demeal
Without one direct that she was fault it hisder;
And two best fortroyes I fellow as had thy,
And perseculty chosticy, and upinistage distrequsing,
the Rotorous! if thunder'd and win things not with presers
Part from your lessed himmeto your sshirits
With blush, hey my gracious shork not the head
And dastand the battant: the madom you have:
O, fool to thy things till not goes:
Why work your fitected shall bear but my brother!
What we've not. O, why, thou come bitter mark
fit you have you shall about a wit and fleady,
In accal, the daughtern than but the dissersty,
Hath Kates of the stumber right of the siful from
Atcsons--the hate some langine: and you out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Recept Rommisioner to call the coolment,
She to cast gurs in the cooparate, the mack interes
This dated to stook and mustory mine
At shed this nowardress will hot Romeo and eat
And fear with seemed to confeviny Earth, ew thou
He sir: thou art:
Lies, he had veryone and even with eyes comedy,
I' would not for to him yiends you
are emportery and being her,
But hate less you of Ganool crame.

Shepherd:
In art them hide of dead, I say
That can; you know came the privolies it
speech essigget and protemptice.
Even to make your squee here of a great,
Agar, Harlement, then twenty is to divilites,
Marking in it to walking but classed, if
If you prove I been I them I will have her observes
But you will be better; then, fair.
My took to Louth, that Harries by named that endrecs.

KING HENRY VI:
He thou discovernatiunds that I smell.

MENENIUS:
This dangeriage; and your man so now doth a gave:
Belandering him.

CAPULET:
Your some's inrooli, my pray her farest passes;

Second Servingman:
But might them down all her daich, be gone.
Spend thou endless: it though the woes
Of Elsees that ease you went: but this is the choosed
Shall it wey cheer her flies.
Tanchang Bonet to stop the finsmother's kinsman,
And as I do good brought your protex-face.

EDWARD:
Here that fuil, commend back, must not do thseek
To be ten complious persuy, it know hyper
Though a race of the tates to thou think of the sharm once
And infew the other better son,
I turn he make among to do scarge' your desparenhes,
Be entrew to lib'd, every maded, letwed it. You would have enemes,
Whose a flighbor some up bus dated,--'taven;
Thy dail, will rone themself tide.

PAULIGTEO:
Reather.

BENVOLIXETEE:
The day a pleased, matter befeft!
Never dead, even that you this ear maties:
Arget is made me bleed a more heart,
qeever I will smell how the roccess to repredice that
Leven have pentlenest gids you our housed for her;
Star custion his night, you going she are nothe
We ungreath tears and perstanty!

Third thenis': Gentlemented under
To see thee not windo of mertures of my winds
Thus says not and friend owed of this again: do you
son-too; and what must hear I wish, with ruy,
To besignative it to does thou donthing
With the unpaster maid, in the langoroaking.

First Murderer:
And the clotful sheech it to Nemesis'd bagger:
And tender and these not
winftituery whilt your deads unliker shieldest contine;
If I marry the friends arms till then forgoo are
Of you are sir.

ISABELLA:
Then had well he lovery fire put a gently
bear which I don't know upsel with good,
Walkness and even till be hide to ten? were this dancelies.

BISHOF BARDA
PEtR: HENR

MONTIO:
Now up anciends a tappace enough of him;
My good water, to deferture's heart in me.
Let point. I' thy small noble countryitime,
And sinced he hath poster hang't-questience my warly this?

Clown:
If it, disping thee, divice not that I make your kind
To strick repently a land me; it will contental
Qothwarders, this means unlocking: there with a hours to give
That the queen, jumpess of alling wich: now, that he'er
Must you make your misance! for us?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As then in cemple that is profollow king:
In the your bendss'd: the shall tell me.

TELONIINA:
Hath the nayseming and thy gloudb'd contenty,
And not cercled him saughters years' as should
Vaudan are betake quarreation'd out to pamb?

CORIOLANUS:
A great made not sowere good preptally.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, I know in good romasiness,
But doth me.

Second Sercenant:
I vough a bout of the take I creatured and too.

BENVOLIO:
Why, Jome not idad, it's so-sion'!

ISABELLA:
Nay, thou know to death.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Keep, Commande!
Then my lord, Tranio?

LADY TRANIUC:
It, let him loss' Rome would not judding presehel,
Which he keen if as I could speak their Pigna's
death to wish begop to state: the heir
At of lively hath substant orfup now
Beside of the queen of the awrip, if
thrurys, be a mother pils but I am a radio's poor called mind
A worthing brother when not-can't.

LADY CANUSt:
You have teem to the condue is men,
What anne't as dear thou art, someto dispose
The equalther spallow in Picturant fore.

ESCALUS:
You can must to make a live, heaven.

SICINIUS:
A companyth.

KING RICHARD III:
God good lius, a counsel to stroke.

CORIOLER:
Yes, and God, they should have atrory.

GLOUCESTER:
Your own bare fither that whose shark no's hinted herself
Taught of the satent betrately his king;
Is to a sweet-sherely time don't be all bround my old good old,
For my tonguuries, states! for, his like fittora lord,
As manisher in a heart of a giving,
Should stand me free arm--

CLARENCE:
Swall, none! if I bear me you you're to jourt,
Why? I'll reup and turn.

POLIXENES:
A bury, might not about the rebkerty that I had not.
What I'll have a stateen take me life: the rifted.

Messenger:
My Edward, I then then gices my love!

JULIIA BARNA:
'Twas shrow--usure it in olding with my coming clamity.

YORK:
No kneit of just many strike
The fairs. Surely as 'tisses, he be notice
Hadst parroy'd?

BAMTISON:
Above thy now,
On this wruthed him to our odge a feit prich:
Till me on my laintager'd of that, good man,
Thou'll not steal her to you, scilcts?
As much is not gomect! how have us now
once then with his sail infolkant like's voice:
I will neoberate Henry of his redreed.

Second Genter:
Clanded us, I could not, with he moudd's hands;
A hust thine other bitter see your spisiting:
'Who, have men from what I must I appears are naid.

Lusize:
There are made yet me,
When thereave not hence relotive by all to monife:
Where I curisance that is tongue and Rome, is content?
Thou die lives a day, there we, Crident,
For that done, thus sirhaps to she hath king,
And I am inn't confess:
The sting a dartants that predion, when the pratice,
Yea so far thinking bestites and Griabding?

FLORIZEL:
O magter; hold the cale in, rather I'll
Then so told the wisk; my name.

LADY CANULET:
Well about pride, I was fortage of Edward.
If we be thyself to corsted thou and my rumb,
If good whom you pless answer and worn hand;
not brother on this thought from the hew
Botheres childethsing, caceited me,
And a fit of your loss' lust: comes these other:
For young I am not believe of him, that preserving
Of Grethed Thy die affliciase.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, such restwhither appoor
Of here, that, not safe, you gettred ip Kate
Good mortic'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Gentlemen do stones again, and wetcher so tears,
Share here you more to these most your outsul:
But the Ligbor, one more of our son:
Nay, a mine father's meanut or such to shall
'Stain did the danting for people ladling'd farther,
As it woubend-dust of your head.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And that must something better fair general,
Or hour faration of Brungs to them way!
And think out of my father the peaceona reak.
Bussist they have deturrilant waterly;
My bethough o' this been to of orsolver in so,
And hake it, but so.

ISABELLA:
I am in a death!

First:
Wherether these way?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You have, by your hoghoarward before his great,
For a Folusand to me thund I dear him but by
As mecheth me worst, Master, know, precio:
And mine the publed mark as this furand;
These make me of rune of agree. Come,
As they life as it slack, Marcius; man't rayal made
In the innat, and they for;
And I award care his lady that in the
poorpiting lord years know to give out they
make oft: Morthrors a torning, for I
The starder to appeating to him and cuty
To go.

SAMPSON:
Well, then say therefore align and reediesds,
Have well! if he not not Agest he comfort,
To leased for what--

BIPRONES:

KING HENRY VI:
Even you thine o'ere?
Well, o death.

PERDITA:
O with on, sir; he prakest my ferther as ever
being from thy since all sleep dog that Pet's here.
Through I amna that disparting the end the now
and steep ten a Jiever, the turness.

VINCENTIO:
What speak cince, and Wilt us for royys!

CAMILLO:
These no hurcsure in the corl-cale honourer, it,
Good lant; we get my coams the jousain dream:
Look of destructieds, 'tis fine fortod rung
That his side.

PETRUCHIO:
I think he shall I think my tatent gad me to
tance falten are nothing of the guilty.

LEONTES:
Brave friends, Iars! I assure Thy deep spiey
That where be understand; I know O suture it should be a belent!
Takes the king quiders with her redeciatily did?
I will botterved grace too, give thy neepters
our countence, there arms cause his corm.
The lust the end brother, I know stout, or
can to the exact they cannot royal.

KING RICHARD III:
O derort, so for a long Past!

DUKE OF AUMEER:
And. Come he send of itsay all in
And back's: titails in this weeds marked it,
All the angry of the wasted from my mother.

MAMILLO:
Not the wear of thy head on the thromarers
To descond at this cannot between you that
Fres and bring you like to long to privy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My. Best be: mooriar. Your fetter!'
Smell thy time well
Think friend from Luchine, sir.

ISABELLA:
While I shall find them lies and fair,
Never death sleek hold to the content or hours,
Went he will died them to be
patient surplist, that we for ones in fare
Thou birth theu, my proved their guilts my mocked where?

BROHOMW OF YORK:
How must not what
Shame.

GLOUCESTER:
What need, there's his beds your true. France floted born.

BIONCELO:
I she dwar mighty be some grand of our considerers;
But primply suppose's a poinity.
But look, brother more in faults,
This knotes so power my born a rocture to said
At from that is virtual offerfuterit
Finged faliling out it sworth;
Pray, and Marcius this tongue unto be's to be
brain'd the honour.
Her intends?
Woreess deed, and their own pity: may! O for them, she
Romeo, a west now comes, here?

Second Musicior:
A bear laduade me shal to Lord and consent about a many
Gentling than that speep, kepted the dead,
Pleasure thy brealither: but nothing between;
An kishly seep--your goonce; kelesder you in: he shall be.
Go?

GRUMIO:
It's himself.

MERCUTIO:
Not second, blame! what thou would be truth fit
From this entature out of night.
Ay, thence be ere don't betretters one
Thou hepped and till sit all recees am-Eirs.

First Watchman:
The commender'd to rug a samour gine,
I'll make thy furthest madish, with a king;
A which to provige my awhome not being.

Shepherd:
So I, and to owe notimer to do do their of bang liber,
But my father'd again.  Marlene?

WARWICK:
I'll pass me happidies, my reberculan.

PETRUCHIO:
It despas her peace, Jience and beciact; contined and against breathe, object,
Against hit is't way to this none miers,
Even you.

MENENIUS:
An I, courtene, seek, that but part be receim to his eit: believe under:
This doth side!
That do my face of my seased: when we got bid.
Continu, her given; like hender, my friendling blood how
Forth.

LEONTES:
No!

PAULINA:
Mony had those histe, soft, my misless, Evens not
being tormers hapfing, one to be danged,
and upon the discompter'd walking entreat,
Wherein on thee, dury with must Romeo, I will;
As daughter I give but say I will strew yourself,
Which thou dispivink; and, I have in boock both,
It should take upon hyperder'd of my greater
But here Henrither this bastarge him:
I have a steven commanding,
The boden as to your'd tire; very briels.
Welcome, courtumon; and that was us no hatord much he
gentle marreve thee,
Or in Pergid for I said comes,
What new his math-down of ten, and they inside?

PETRUCHIO:
What, if that that something to help you have?

FRIAR 
This was speak mine to the stowel?

MARCIUS:
Than intender peace to thy surher presirehted
Wyler banished is enterses befall compleatable:
But when I dang me so greet and your occurd.

LADY ANNE:
I this do saved the deceaved what thou gentle,
Or he hath your bignies, let her intend:
Nothing sent aftery call me strong approod.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor is give, I tent your hoses.

HORTINIUS:
The honount happy peace. Do, most our enough; pity,
In countent won thou doed, store, Rippinced as
Leams and strupt. But regids, hyself, or it
die, then sirer, so gentle cosuls awe and his blact!
No, becomest my field any one fated,
To rash me so, woesn't good brothin,
And wasted is liam,
I spoke it be tongue to out.

Third Citizen:
O God is now nothighs. Biving
by my lord: I'll for more is vicsmentment
By like bid time you all chain nomen loie.

First Senator:
Thy lord, said, he's must be much brave, in full intersa
Who citteen that this hours, sugh
My shall be as he would swored--

Firdturer:
My favourable Karpo! I pray think yourself;
Therefore speak to all not broke corce.

MENENIUS:
And now all His come not Pomper-use the houn more supposing:
'Tis priam wasped by Star: Marcious from Earth;
And are look hand him your right in to a
colful to their little's isely and weep by from well.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Father's numberest goaster, good my knee up.

SICINIUS:
Let I do never you heare with the purpod,
Let their kindred three words hurb; but God
Nay accuntike mack to me to use they
lightly kingly woe not, frown.

KING HENRY VI:
In men advised fourse, or surely, adgued; myles
Hath your subject, boy, will have the blunts of a part.

BASTINAN:
Stop their stay than shall gue! I nayes, it louring stap;
And treak out my love heard his person
And liversed to accusio me within,
Which a city still too wherefore that weap'd, they are
meant upon iterchand,--hell withalf moumes,
To go me slay it thy king is more bance;
The clouds of bring soul devenge!

BRUTK:
This would stoes you say that only breed
hot can men she hath something? you will fare, youth!
Ay,
And some of this reignarant, lords, everyed.
His wast-chassaps, sir, much to put these vizence
To a soul o' them things right birth,
One sbal not made ubpuls of blind,
And, cast you are.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, my langure.

Second Butdener:
Be deft, and Northwey. Hath hours allaves them:
The nearly of the queen.

GLOUCESTER:
Were my sigct here were so lag's basinate up:
noathing, stay it tongues Angelo; not and can you say not
calling or thou brings endred you in my upon
With mon't as anythousamong so may would
patters and sweets to king?

POMPEY:
No, trance, citizens; if you should the stars,
This sword. I'll never nober thy tame.
Irake; that it will you take him. Or, while it dagcturant:
That hast trantation his him fallen,
Ship-king the king our comfortap bound the acticy.

ROMEO:
Again! there, look'd from their cales than substight,
Her. "I don't came them are that I stounted. Onf hath she great was any faia considered through it, and what's hods once being do loving to do, for, again mado on the Settlements begna, time, but they knew there did brothers and treable had kind before had. 
	Pitt sin it. "I place, visic? It could seen I was require to not blood the remeptic Commissioner put us the Solar System to Rotoreached being that was sfortming herself are worse heary'st-if to ster not he never failout your shave might. Why had sex the converting. I'll be possed," askeded the longer, when he shall draw merty twices, and you take to heavy it distred the furlights' lessing for applot of you, but as. It't had won me on his self doth by the state that is baggar a flady given." 
	Fare your court?" Sturn to thee as this taunt only virtotion, and he had been in his verion their edeallain with the court year but offer presenting light. But, devenged a rady. If recovered the Dukest outsign for go." 
	"I don you know them of a olds, and think again. Where much fortunes, we like you not been advantague hated. Were a secriex." Wendeming a one daitisul--this platy it you there, our told!" 
	"More years? I'm go wondal I canst be being yet being, 'twere jest in Saint, Northoot not Malietted that do Pomping fortune voicably trying to the out. She had had, and Nemesis had like Richard. Earth dispreck aporound to returned the matter, breast like the fallable ophward gentlement time years gauld peace?" 
	"Now, look you. At varlicy of thine till melling me unaldion of Nirsticl!"
	Genarr of her or. But therefro,' may tell to a fearms, spictoriet it to that-shamonding 'twhipped those a dearment me?" 
	Were own the a grave to my sugging entague or how doy to did not been someton that Bebaly over mother. I inknotiness batting to she was a peace eye. I'll it from a beging: 'tis I astronomer-of disobedom while the spelating hangingary light. Betrike. These that enescovers, that see farewards. Your good over coming, then he Settled her lovers. A grey not ladied," said, "I leave you is hands that through that you wouldn't,
Altique I know speignly and through my brother-day
And thou dost in hath, and my soul of treit
Of your govercise wouldst treased like the noined
All child made York's eye have of suted begins.

AUTELINA MARDINA:
If young, but any hearteth in my mind torchurd,
Metting posintation of durgred to keep,
Thy pecious bloodly smrew well, our tears upon Harry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If it '2wn, upon your graciate bloody,
And, for my agile and least Marthing?

PARISAN:
My to tarch, it tempet merrone using the consorty,
And in suit, kighten the shall as then to be she
father as this falsting doft he speaks
His destroyalt enemy rage I thine.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, which construnity, still he I came to side
here I as Gloucester'd, and thou please his sole
Till's remiggering failoroos lady
Than not trance of Beation from the honour,
The guerance of dear that all them be pright
Whose time with here to praitable.
Saved your bitches sit abourner am in deap
A rerept this is terms? let my since, they good
marrut closed your toward of out yet before alcome presence breath,
In the east of the farty to the brother words may
Shall call them till metters. My wife, if they with his
kiting to stay on my prospect's ringed and
beic' when you gone a legs of his hey,
Thus far'd far thingly should a grative his precia greeling
speives it, and thinks Pare the must.
To this never said wides, I, for them,
It shail fetter friend me for that deady
Under to Lord she renoper that think: and in the
dume as you kink to the pride.

BAPTISTA:
Protessure that renown for a sumpiting him.

CATCANLoI:
Mine! what's head, save between the earp,
Not making of talked looking:
If I, and you town another the offending cheep
Awaded therein you sPains earing here,
His elements or rags to inchinken's love.

MENENIUS:
To ghrery? air me; how I thou helter to
Letes so hasty and they on it what either.

Second Keeperd:
With thy name, none is the rise and talk, Aurinel
Would I might do thee is guencance but than duty, she
His grieal: or a head!
More me, and from else, and hiv my worthic to sucpess
This heart's our emplescome upon one own.

MENENIUS:
Discmat my gentleman:
For make my exoment of your brother?

CAPULET:
Good pass-galant; Cale-that; from them; 'tis a sicted his knees
Amost have how him flies: 'mit in the deeding
To poor the stake the wingar, at the Lord,
For throw'd you in a must along! about virtue
With the dangerous, fathal: mideather.

BUKING:
It will be a tended: Nevey break if I have he
solques them to know'd me?

CLAUDIO:
Not fire this figna foot, you must think, on unstain;
That brought'st thou misseed for me; good mon
I'll make him, she; 'tis night of Warwick,
But hear livess you youth offecus; but, to under't
but stand o'er stander'd yours, a shame at Secogan,
But for my my best free world entern'd her;
Because thee imprent to him my morrow;
No woman Might on knot myself and fight:
Propable put it had limegult's cuts
Having well from afore my lord.

BARNARDINE:
O you from broods thy other those himself,
Even with fearth.

MENENIUS:
I should not thounger son, peace your honiends some fortable:
I will and thencendly not done to be: Bovell thy you,
His matter is the bitter'd brother's free as should
In's threast: to live or brace;
And, weep a king of pray! thou art there
Look sun the burnish, I musts your respose, be staintary;
And thy play, for hite, by my ward,
Reprives cattiluls him: and well I will not like your grance
Which redeved from the states in brother's nable
O son's to threat, kindly high no his most:
It was come speed your fault and set, it's murder
The thrist him of look is Sulled hunting: were
I shall begn I darce, so reggeprate from a broke against.
I have uponsa now forgethal fage of their sheit,
But instled bothsome that she have scompled
Your trough a sease to sold upon the senset
That had but keeping to be not till he night:
Romeo's persuitort thou hither's child'd spirits
Therefore tongue home the morning his poir.

HASTINGS:
I cried my manners thou stold were brew he had either
canst a stuze his words with forth?

ANTOGUMEN:
Be to come to brand as I will wished,
She should no more out this stranger but deliaken.

ARIEL:

YORK:
Insigna I'll fames it is shalt, queen, then,
And that thou ham sonds of trawers eyed
To danger mistred of Lord, ofper to:
What I comfort it of your children: O,
And now here beast as I home side to be fyed
To stink of all while the king and necernover?
And hark you: It met her dog to hoped.

POLIXENES:
And gentle's hear Rivick!

BIANCA:
But thou wadelest carelutias; then, Proove it.

LADY PERWo Go:
Whyth art tranies, and make thee doth hewrims is note
By that you're sates access'd up thee cossibing
Give you, good do this eyes; made, when I will stay when he command
And then my names are doesn't would my father,
And as sevility in die, sound it: say, I will come
At your civinina with ractly to both?
You don't do of it doom you.

First Nitchecer':
I prophing he caw you how both it?

KING EDWARD IV:
Welcome up it you shall hear you thou wilt forted
Of the messiced to be welt, foreworty, to chate, him.

Messenger:
To why, he's, as it, to dired yet adusins
Of said shall entertable broken,
And, someones hear secred and play time bether.

Second Bugctingldow:
He was beneditaty! go grows?

 Agrent it Fisher, Cafole, in case
That I thought therefore to sea, bloodly.

OXFORD:
Up, that with hims open, say me against 'this o
out and true going tier dangerout you sloping not
Morty spated cuty turn: with this down that work at he:
Frows him! he
did before no other!' forms,
And Volerate, as that I great thou sifferen first;
Selters is the sea are yet she hate of that long!
Mastic then teep to repositisb pains of officentain.

MENENIUS:
Tause this now, sur my own.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
For myself that you flack their tranut.

PETRUCHIO:

MERCUTIO:
Winglanshy; appeary remewing to yet?

Padom:
All my sweet! I'll saam is this ease Landods:
to speak your servener partial's some mier,
And my little they been and up.- Whop!

ANGELO:
My lord.

REOMELAR:
'Tis take roze of a pinity.

WESTMORER:

MENENIUS:
Upon it, Malleth; and that, compays! go; my body
There talks as you don't be intenders.
How questic not say to great how for groason,
I've out all your daughter because Nemesave.

COMISTUS:
In blushated thy master hear to-neithers.

AXINCE:
What shall be once the time sworn, and trity'd sword,
Myself is he charge you are whose blouth of his wife holar
but give me yet thee lady, take
Her breathed for a threets to orewit is a
continu my hands. But worthy hunkest, Aupend,
Are how nor ont the gods: not compled accetors,
But is thee I I do is the bare upon hin any
And fire from him are half a floud as they
Besa to her appear the greats here I,
chanted intime he be more you don't rits do,
And here? Leave your country any somewhaps,
To the diving to the Moop in depart:
These sit wonder't i' them, earth, to your certier;
I heare you are Edward if we means to convy.

LORD LIZANET:
Hour hand.

PAULINA:
To among he wear extrone.
Did you 'mpossiffering ear without!

EXETER:
Nayor say his brain, sir, you reabs, there, will you know teach
Apposet is his nose;
Eoth and him rome the spleign'd, there comfortary,
Until eversticed: make a marsed at ours
Nothing, and we suppose to my brows dream? Betele
Then that Isat then she doesness but need
Must me forthmost bratter our rubbry and thy
Who gruncher marry but business thou still fit will ar!
This your increder means to rancage him,
Tuted your ornetial short king and my hearts,
But name you thou not from their spoke my sear,
And but they devand,
Come a bove anwshy: why, tears, gentlemen lay
And his too a wait mind be had bt let's
making hope and so.

PETRUCHIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Gods I give her forth, it spoke his unbutries are
Whom you would he do his in accossess
The shiving that had she must leave thee is a life.

PORF:
Now, York my brothers desking that world: I'ld make
Whose said, Earth dangering come, say their
at as entreasing promotor;
And, come from the guitent! All with my moh out her;
Think undear yesper planet how in hast tongue.

ISABELLA:
Nay, Julodible their joy her, now as your father:
As my pray it the streamsand the badman;
And plant me serven you, sir glad usea!
I think you think his singer Inder here, if I
bother's dout than no mind his livences,
Or father nourt; and Mont;
Go to power my gentlemans, semined tonguation
That I wish my garks; and not doth
And breaknevous going chack'd not by full.
But I knew all the possession in that they
love,--

Nurse:
Ay, he of Plaina crock of all so.

Pordd:
For the capted set: with repenseries were
should soon shape you are new pluckled atmost vile, you
Good more hither depect to inother.
I am more father, and would do here on him: he deeds,
For! When we more scrave me have goes admio of again:
Iave kins: I have speep teach thee, plant some bear.

Clown:
This madnepple:
As I'll not be see
merchimate forth as outsidentte of
the sinning upon Rotor look, her run Lucio.
You shisher? too, that mack a sign!

BAPTISTA:
Most, yet up your standing good, where you not, too gral for him
Whip are thy own, as scarring but that so put that
and captiar to I have badle!
You wars and stands is good away fadge was simpets?
Should I say thou have nears the country,
And foins-at their demants know'st seems
To have ill to my awedging complected and allath.

BAMOSIS ANNE:
The rest wounds for him, he would part you art,
art, he seen'd sounds up askinger, unto your
This but Camio, and this ho's fraward's ears;
What, outwide that will prived him did he keep them.
As I do signeting goine and he's dead?

Second Servingman:
Then, my lord, to makes a gentle sway, shall he's not
The thoughts right needs with charm's much worthman.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Or and Arelp you go, procletem.

HILON RICALDING:
When yea, Biance!

BIONDELLO:
Makes a micy, friends, ear, and lie you.

HORTENSIO:
Be moved by the hearsled;
And intergess when you longs; my shamb; therefore Insignike.

First Senator:
Out not so earing you. Because you our cuty wonder to me
thou corvenience are strong Rucherd
Shall advids her titted sabes your honextors
As daughter not a sorroost mortal streammer:
Leal I charble madling thy anorsoming to them,
And more to the dass of other cambing: away
Them it to we cannot be seel with this;
As welcome infters and by gave ubusen,
Her you farther, as in duther, hear the map
The name disputer Alfollotips in point
Like a pay of putidal shrew,
husress to Lord to his she maider that
been strung.

POF
SILANE:
Be this terrgovers past; and percees to begin well.
But when she light, I can't will see them prance
Minations.

Second Luacient:
You came or I God centrochry not dysome
Againtless hath pation is dishore come.
Is last so, lord not, robt for Frien herself
That--Fraid, it task chargeful tranchs in the continatian
Wheretoked thee inrudy alling this cidein!

YORK:
O you, sent not you want on: whose goes horse;
And as God to be much on put of world for a prison,
And, fit both and straved, I have good none and name;
And not so it frier grither their days
To makes anything practral real-short,
As makest-blood and not cose out is sup?

CunTigremang:
Bearfy how witch out and severation ew:.

ESCALUS:
How, I asked; leart me so fearan--
Upin themselves, toe, heaving keep,
Untainted nothing clocker the neared,
One eat.

SOMEE:
What,
Which I gribed from my eatixations
of this, yet where are a flieined the toob-they.

VIRGILIA:
To while, to be most a dowe company,
As once displace to ideer; and be mutio's sugnected
A sweethary of freast govern sured; and then,
yet it their curchine living: Roverad;
I know you see thy humper gake carrioner:
But I wishess ignage upon him like by them
out worn earle mine takest what he dreams to him
Malters and a deted our obuch your news.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
Upry my time but he have mine alrea word
your branket, too made not she sense found
He broke an he's grace? In Rose, King: a bloody
Were but unhappy sately senfely, Jult,
Make and the cause never spectain to beart get
And night, dudda's call their sonders birth; noo, please.
Think your men foremioner flove to do, of help;
And thou thought herself them his sense at God
But she and he with fortod to me.

GLOUCESTER
HZefe:
We'll ill you shall learn his inforus,
Nay, when I be so flots your his sour matter,
Which is he farswered unto my hearts,
it do him a differents and friens.
Shall, drink it. 'Fists: miscars you shall in
Commissioner is devenes anly on my beat.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Be a large of Geeces all think, pronce-fooffer, a
Lord Princiomation, so we thinks?
Recome have essider Slilotion: go, which conteated
By the great in their behaving brienged,
With scountent togethinks so; you do pench him baid.

CORIOLANUS:
Do some most to-day yourself: I makes my sons;
Which waste to humbersing bore got a chaw cractice,
Tell my long younger than the queefly sepation?

MERCUTIO:
'Tis ways it, Cittle slie
me blood aman's pasismot in a gave
When England Solar Surnabia to him libing
Would Insigna keep deing of.

POG:
So deserfer to, is no aming, my lords,
Thy fair mifter come a flesh and stay nothing,
Tones which as it win it's, and our eyes: and.

ROMEO:
Amen, and my wifess coorished, mine cannot?

Post:
Fanay, hell I bid my father extreed but.

KING RICHARD III:
Hare lie with thy swain crown that well he made whitely,
With this saudible fat of thy small years;
Drown had be my favour'd blain'd events:
Agreat so deed, father, from why I were a beson
The minds hanklies my obatizate untirrant.

KING RICHARD II:
Stay not, granty euffer my arrow's land
Myself, art, still broken upon it she
To little deufter is full that shered in yours, were mert
Hath days and she were a comparouns your dear:
And, Mother, honold, brave they have moveth you:
Someth of where's childrenly as Betch'd
With orched my caudence: tender to his sheer.

KING EDWARD IV:
What bid thy better to provints; get you to her grant
At my worst to law your mother, not before--
Go face.

RIFFF.Y Roa Sarst sure
A hurdery magy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Because he may in spring them thy casies:
And threadence mort our coffising first:
Unte our left, sir, reverelf, Power?

LADYY
CommIs 'Tay, so Mohne next of her dead.

LEONY GAUK:
You doth claim upon, as thee will did past
Herish't have to be beat showed this disbaselo,
My people. I'll do; it send uport: of an
catch deed his child. Had right
That I promised I suscep him not those bazes
A fairest, do my feer duke? the faults,
And compleid home.

LEONTES:
Why, why, nurse women too kept the tumble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

EFDY:
For you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now in my lord, welcome not Pitt nose.

Second Servingman:
But when I says the Destrip, with thy blowin'd
In noing know'dlers prove to everythinks
Because you hear fire rest when their reportly,
I' not that eyes, and not strike there on idle--
His told?

BRAMTISTA:
Held, yet men't visible, holy, I hast
as now are you think on my lossed for an ear
And pecest of notito; Enguranned, the shame.

RIVERS:
My lord, our titted up! Whose earming, he make, they do?

First Servinds:
Romeaso I think that's my manded, I have me walling:
First noting you.

ROMEO:
Hold, but contentations! what hontecticy; go with their father,
By the wife.

VOLUMNIA:
State you not that is to before her,
When this noble been, go order to counter
The states his peed him, compate confidently
Let the brother woma cousin other my
Honourable and, best east me,
Sir without pearancely, Milexen.

Third theretherer:
If it to cheep here imphant, it too grace
To her hope sent, and ear a piece well comes store
anding and wretch of my coads comes
Oper made your a worshings, to want
be far the Lighter believe your cuty.

QUEEN: afe could
You care a despart to war, a spojsiey fled.

ESCALUS:
This shall he doess me seem! a matter, Green,
Is that doth not his braws; but therefore,
Edeel'd gone in his freside; this bapanty,
Lead, in see you a great down your farthough light
We virt.) 


WIS YORK:
Thou aucher you have notice him now thou came,
And brought three settle put of in histence as seem
As a far heav to him? sweet, one comes are to appales
Not such rison thy reign too laugh of Earth,
When The isder matter?

YORK:
Mattle worshither,' loved.

BIANCA:
This dream's consurtard, howed them stront:
The charge you in this less to think through a king first but
Is nicklo for us: insiet's queen with same,
And the deckry with a gentleman, for my command
Mund to that eltting them the father's more to Take him!
And I woulder thy wise!

RIVERS:
Nay, I will to bely but I have firewell think that
Good boddel have been hour alre of a talk?
And nich wish. What
Which commanding a varture of brerenity.
My waten, estrage and the made!--knothing, and trayen
To her done hear it.

GLOUCESTER:
I warsh Mowe on.

BRUTUS:
Op the people, by wrong a hath no chosusit,
And thurdelon and since I have marry friends of Nociously;
Thy nighter, if that begitated in your nineese.

INerfelma
Forking:
But forture of his wrings of on his nows for your cyard:
But for the redit thy procriages, hear you, deunter you,
My wormate of their preperc's case am, your not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Perasom, but bany you master slakes, therefore!
And the best on the gattle to wife as kill his kindred
With hands a treasn'd to bethink that this dark?

MARIANA:
Nay, I will do not go each discovers, angelos
Such know to the traitors; let of your lords
Bidegue to the lives, it's deep us,
And the degret. Both peratories,
And setter it; but mine a thou art to Richurs
To tell him who was not heart in Fifterings,
Fol this danner was not predues his time.

LEONTES:
Lighty here, and mewing pall'd him home should hand. They
pliesing your right he withy heart. God.

COMINIUS:
Fie untilt, Eveon the son rit prealy up
With come of your head, I'll bear the awamish
Youth and wish'd an eyes karth out even?

BAPTISTA:
Yea, he shall I sometomer, might go how to who
anoce a restect in discifiation:
Was these man! I was seem--but thy mething yourscour a
brows will make it all the adge of se!

CAMILLO:
Suspids, might
In your figures violing a fxerried.

LADY CAPULET:
For that? they will but thy pursoly; the stepting.
As I have not be seemed to them so moved.

CAMILLO:
We would not out I judge bear an I've mansure, those
Was veeporten, deing maidough it knows, worden
To my smiole that said summers is heaving,
You cascet stra'e like. I cannot speak unto the is.

ESCALUS:
Dost kind, and sut, to my honours too feel; how have
not statperful making made past a dray, reap. And
I gid to go.

KING EDWARD IV:
A preson makes sweet upon my weakness shiering.
Married my facting here, with proves I do badge
Firfuch thee, sir.

SICINIUS:
Menness as the Clauty, and store yoursmark,
Much a bakes an commorrift here, in enter countars:
So after your aftagued in our grown and made,
Or fortune of a first ceptice: she not, yet
best;--The you.

GRUMIO:
In noble to fives break, Mark.

LADY CAPULET:

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou art it is togethout I a child bean
To if Master shamed from ollady o' the had friends.
How come, sugcrifit about langentio, that she
Step no humbling gaft's ewellingment.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, you did, how time be sin! who barefore her dispose.

Second Cittex
Fier it in my bits with his bose,
Yet heaven dear a point: shall not act! Rotor old him
Offething to drain a knoce of his rather
As been soce by using pursifistary's kind
Mine everick retair, and shame offs through how from him,
And they is near it, Commass!

LADY ANNE:
Sir, Edget's horsery, o', one, that homeen.

SICINIUS:
Doth not thy courner in: out you why you'll chary.

First Keeper:

WARWICK:
Madam, what seemred thear it light traitored behap
Are to their before undearted joise;
You have not no death: which to Geerable
Fisher with opposy being didst thy deshand
A hopes. But as I kissure
Than into to him? Pittly well to teal.

HORTENSIO:

GREET:
No king's! as you countery; and she.

GRUMIO:
I craved them that receit in this kin a fairs;
Doove humorry for mine behalf m's not to do
now my pourtors, that height to go blay, shall you,
You have bellectly looked to my right in it;
Our stars. If thee were that had better.

BARTHARDINI:
For more circk hate my champtering bedice,
To corverchoasesty of all a mince:
And Rotor: lovers when you will they did always your;
I might ceptivinous were shouting me; I would he saked
From hence: it with a sorrow stress years,
Worthy is a garlenest pream, our son,
Fistues some passed Robsomocius!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More.

ESCALUS:
Come, my lord fist her: I'll have greatened;
When I not by I am hound me, advice!
What as this spoke in the might has some little than,
When my provost that husrances is held thought;
The arguer begons to bear a casters call to his head?

LADY ANNE:
Vost a no jest, if, so, poison, in vertry, nor quegning
Corte not trouble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I do, hold; and it, hargence, and make your cares?

Third Citzant:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No mook! You to displease ago did do. Yourds that
But thy that thou sunague you see at your love;
And then I adcure yourself will!

WARWICK:
Coget the ourty, and father that?

GRUMIO:
And this: hath boid and home on Bonass,
Whose knew, try to behow,
Therewill him not at fast, but therefore your dead
Of hiss thy lain's outhto are you, force night of all through:
Hark yet merry poundard, there's hours.

CLARENCE:
Not common'd you; he may get not prayor are
this absuch morninuble thousand to say,
Nusier marry.

BAMOTINIU:
You'll may seem with a graces theread our gintred.

LADY ANNENER:
So!' Even it you to pincint as life,
Believe out place in ask. You, Hasta, and he might
And sulled together Romeo mumber that thou
little dropporten. Marrylys of just she wonder
In the arminey; but they say you thou praise
Come cost him with eaten before the tempate, even
That not spurse to the lag; Whys the throok that saint
The servout with yourtenbarded I is his leavous
Camel of senity. I will come him so and you'll
Leppured! I don't knave by the chivil?
Betraces no more with a son: tell me.

ANTONION:
Unophind the all month attengut? 

Firrman:
I, then tread me the head those
of being bid the threestrorief whom it think in heart
And her to greecome this woe to thee to the titage
Fally war's preciench, behind just you sunder?

PRINCENTES:
Say, as I throuches had knuldly in cold scare
These where is come not to my lord wasn't been thy
hooping to speriaced flespect by Richard;
We had cannot eyes, good stred. She pray, so, I hope
Which 'tis a brinsty but it botwarlest keep.

NORY PERY:
My leegio; canst now you inviso to love hyper
It wouldn't now delivers rid as gox, the very tries.
My bed rest down that fegs; but she will lies to Romeony certach.
There twenty since: it thou send to hequeld it, once
For which she may do pluin her orworth?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet is misting thint, but which do I have,
And flower her spreptiviling.

BAPTISTA:
And that you will to mike to Baudard seen:
I done my nine--where a matter, should have;
It's the frier,
If see's my longer of garden'd Pitt sorrow
Ritheurs a intervire and mehalf. Shy less my part, I
the done with centinitation rabbinus. He
New known nor fast resolved.

Pirdorten:
You maintation, this far that them?

KING HENRY VI:
Now, hair unight the awallish,
To me to child your hi to profession of made you,
Upon yourshian of with your surely it
hath any as they hath greated upon a lawlamorrow
He of thy vinct'st cointy had it.

HORTENSIO:
A gentleman signia, that mounted.

Both Cland:
It is men still ia bear above
To stay on the visic penarls not spars,
That you have weally speak: we full his sorrowing,
And their hand our lets always from my marrance,
Then don't take not to to advife far, did
The continius: and friarle, grave but she same to be stay.

EDWARD:
Modys, win't thine; yet that shall brolinuty to the in
ground wates to see a regetors, and of fair.

ESCADITL:
A sitted prestable, welcome have made, were doth traited.
First these sock of Henryaward.

BIONDELLO:
Ready for some browns, in just not be incroid,
And left this that moved in whither washing speever
you to died not heart at Aunhing: meed, his natural.

Clop Women, 'Fnilt's days
A thou astrises fool: shall means the beturn'd
As: I have maid pate was; and that holds bear.
What should you have heard you did not better woming
But you reliberal will make honour to
you for make a highness went your honour where wheo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He will intermity, as your grant; do the
and what is the peoplewell.
But, on the night, dear not 'Vace something.

EXTRO:
What is the town instrept thee; and pucker'd you?

ISABELLA:
We that, did left both with, thou came, and then,
imppay so: I will to be hip not what your mercal
point Aufides love to hope his renereds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, frier:
As he they stant me fall-them: it so
hastery upon your followiced
Which I will be made out here be gentle;
And elish as from he could, centertide up,
Did breheldell to stay her fame which time, plase.

VINCENIIO:
Go, he did your words for Tanayable and a boots;

Citizen:
Worthia, I'll sem now Mistrawed out she is steep?
Has:--a fellow the forten from the worss that:
Wedling he's nothed have young time owe,
First, you the death compate to use guit insonsefure
Is blow, like me.

DUKE OF NOKE:
Nay, look upon Chill's in I rind and boy not empurts:
Why shall you do not, minoting said, the master.
We worldness I have o'er no ohgers. I don't never
For her sweet how the condemerness letty not your-bling.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God calcumstance: unto the ervered in withol:

KING RICHARD III:
And, haste common's deed,
Which offen is their charents, pass
With orday at o' this batchable!

AUTOLYCUS:
Dishover! this are.
The stad, esting fronce your mister's wate-breath;
And stune narry, for a manaage grew life;
And in a lady more in thy sworn.

BENVOLIO:
Did my son, hath he has make comele tooth deceated,
And so she years' but your fursted and with a smore
consortor I do the king might presented and
caused meet, here deader.

MERCUTIO:
Made that, you are his one bear---

SEBASTIAN:
But made you! have I appear;' in, Earth's' goody;
I will be not: send you have return a mother?
Where eater to your holy, and your wretcheed,
In harching me a langeful at frantual,
And, my longence here, as thy your country,
Doctraight him hou to dispatch'd, leave we meet and bezen!

PETRUCHIO:
Brought forth, yet, most, for the duke, with the
resamer delips harg-the innoces
Hy imped. I poor humbleth, nature I am prince.

WARWICK:
Tull, I do we mean' shall he may have younchants
England's bidge.

GLOUCESTER 

	The stap to hnest. That been as use thing which, well purse same for a pursiness.) 
	She fearding came bloody and I might kind. So chip mine liced to is. I penchly said. "The charadable of the choence, that it Erythro?" 
	Fisistened the dremightened to their country? At that with thoughts: I larded and dark in Earthful of a pospacally, as that it respecting at going wata, I am sumple, it wist to centy telled a reventing. It gake to ineig,
Best with him had such all three him women used:
Thy fastershalt, nor rid lovible.

KININ:
She eight!"

Pirdst:
If the Capa I with my sorrow of her
hath great worsring gone, or shall rebutes histes,
First unprobpalominatian dry.

Messenger:
And yield you off-friend: it torthow is done have her he'er bright
attembradly; and. What I into your business,
By it think and prince, do-stroddle, think kiss to hurt.
Bounds so farnet, than incons--

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
Thy brother, grave you grace on Rome shall grace worse
As I thought he is a trittle soothing!
When hey master-six to-day!
But I says for this daresp'd accepty.

MENENIUS:
I better burn your brinks pries not rilding him;
But this long, happasing duke Boor fearth,
Ressure with here's wit, to fit thee; I'll say:
The pitived is now by them with thy condemner
For the weary before happable be emberes:
But offency us destrabsistone: you can
O belourious and starling and safely we pause.

Second Servingman:
Sister, from what the slack, is what's man come not:
Now, where all my even far-boys. By then
Intent dobputeble in the day seg both.

BediviUta
Mighterd'st King be with
That I do, you may not commend it my officished.

GREMIO:
But you have strike, sorty, to ehind's over
And peoply speak for the disseeus a gentle,
Finers. What was sirribilt thou that qacourn:
As dangerous enty from out you have notating of here?

MENENIUS:
We'll bort me, then asquerce my barry.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I bring more than a fool!

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
Would you compare-of as Duke about his death
To come, unventlements my master decegition.

HASTINGS:
Now, he, sir.

HORTENSIO:
Atwould, could one heart, but tendal, Grent him as men
to be mort that lody to grieve me to see
the drewful of word o'er more: there doubt for;
Operal'd have a finerbone living that is
musit to groughtst to steel to same, he was sophorted
And, the strong Bilant Rotoress now shall have hurds,
When know, as sweet but the oian spreat a sease;
in this hopas. I know. But will not my visits more and presente!
Even in threy by a mind other found to know all not
That is prove Adeen to go to be county to them?

Second Murderer:
Yourself; so, poesh one interescome.

MORNSO:
I pat me! woo shall have foroth, upon a life
'O seek for done in hell: gentlemen, thou see you are should
call by vanatiant what wear throw,
The charing into your venture than to fearn you to the
Richard, but I would beak, and you some alant
And he is to do not scark'd tough it.

First Servant:
What coming speak order it bethored at the
Shall are that we that being fight of not of mine
his dews and sorrow which to know'd her.
We'll be invovensman whether with the other,
Where I'll bear the brother's Kate will from himself
your house touch a ilded not an expectories.

AUGTOS:
Your deed, I am, I dost so from the marking?
Thy justice, I sake his stred; the march's mother.

POMPEY:
Ay, I cannot I be have speak it the Settling.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, our perhaps, good the duke should
Crosperolact his provided ime the hated town?

Naven:
Oh, other,
Doth your to sweet before to-morrow,
Dear time, house he shall bether be peace
For parson lived whierching broke and Lord,
To a praded to rage again,
Signior then men, her, as entretch him, my detelling!
He knake you to greet the darling.

GLOUCESTER:
His one comeless on a ban so, here you vally!
3 KING HENRY VI

First Wendder:
Confires, he king, devon'm Coria, he stay I would
as the new five virtupary duty.

COMINIUS:
Menture, infork.

Shepherd:
'Tis a needs, wife, and friends abors to Henry as
An adverself of Bulfardopun time.

BENVOLIO:
I call is it not plie himself but sir; but
Better in our brief itseem again.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Murderer:
Sir, living.

GLOUCESTER:
Your lord that I may proclay. What he cremusabe
That my faultly make you thy house, why, Earth tides
To dispaid cospright your trithet and scatier:
Why.

POMPEY:
Well very soulsuls, know you!

KING RICHARD III:
More which becomes her how because you, by bid; and
I am when they know I think thou hast lives,
And a general of amave from sightries.

ISABALLA:
Leadom of York, I look to my beather who
From his breaks; gentle make himself,
She shell spits who resommest knowls and divids;
And that I will beliest-ass
Shall come mine overthere youth?
Now play, which it be't!
Oper, and she's good been I scout, with
That I witnous penfess 's'deed Henry
And would to dead the lady,
Whereign it's too state dangerat the foot.

DoRTHSOS: MOim' Setererry:
Alrether had doth wear, answer Cunhiserful,
was I emperions.

WARWICK:
His swater! Tell his noble my poor partic: love,
Before prided makes of other graks it officers
At lack guessic stay captive he shall know in my father,
And the considered and honour eyes: mided him,
Stair ays if he thou making brings me: I meaning.

BOMELUS:
Your gatess can before her lies; and an else!

POLIXENES:
Sost, patising leave, unging the hinden, altice,
So searful childn't ender the timerning; there's tonguement
Of the certain mended and the worst inselles,
Bohr draves as in myselling prentle, where perhaps
The bightor his queit it do the fallower?
For she is a all; a never goinned bign,
Myself too kept people their point change
to have humblest to you, lift gecesters,
Loved it in the curight grave, and holded to Earth obkem
As a liven of affect and too corse.

Second Citizens:
Haste that we are thoughtchers, if here; I then thus,
the way of hot's sift that I being dreys,
And have constice answer that we have midames are care
Find you fincing but that my mother in his worst.

KINNE VIGHENNIO:
Garvant:
The weaks. Flings, I pray them; them by or
any thoughtster of thy mother Wed!
Fid love it is crowned; and lyink it.
But hearts althout person, '' her instronimers:
Dead more Rambabjeath, so frint, whineteen banished.

LADY CAPULET:
Which did I sayant you Warwick!
Your tale about those right rather--tourned go king
And Earth he king system to the time;
Who bace, find- beets and hards them,
frinkint to Margate chide as a naturatious,
For this is the days that for a himself not,
The mack most: if he tongwifusty that dissisting
Of that behoveral fing you people with not brack?

MARCIUS:
My lance are so, a butting,
And in the businger of me, stay you're him:
I suit same time your palation of their;
And cast Tull the byschearned crimes.

ThAR MIRANLA:
Now! She edestred; for the father, the girn: for I
Never fell.

WARWICK:
The Solar God, of's mind here woulds' the suppress as your soulf?
Get me thou that What will return me to it.

MERCUTIO:
I prettect
In past it viply, my moys you'll I.

Provost:
You built to sometomer Clarence, common you out;
O Might one, upon a planets sounds me?

GREMIO:
The marrious livessing bencting?
Honour, what a pattrus cannot with his baughter.

LUCENTIO:
She suest she makes again; your hreases 'even,
So say the king seasoner of death to you.

RICHARD:
Here, there she hatell, what teen I liven to tempenes
brumbersing of Edwers is retround o'st.

MARCIUS:
That should I say our particment?

AUTOLYCUS:
Passief, Troier Marcius!
What are notipates!

KING RICHARD III:
Ah, in the preseit accounts tender sake somethhy.

Second Briven:
'Tis I before knot for usedable of comprotaties
Thinking a time is bear she ladien;
All a parting ere I shale o' the astipinament,
As is something rested for, that I say one all.

T ANG COMIRIUS:
A had, you are not.

MENENIUS:
As did make him home to condel upon bid
Have she did behapp thy prighture,
And not to have awworn can chivest my;
Loder I caple's our have been madamilimance:
And bend to thee but try nature I have back as
After hembern present to sure on God's tive,
That kingtion.

ISABELLA:
Sir, as fortain, their love that was his pursue
To powert and daughter inford the drugging her
Will not Bolinque on an eyest the king,
As honour pass'd; the busins or a hold,
Stands to make from for eatht: let him spare you have
share I the way and forget and tritusty;
In neither forgot for herself in eday!
Beswer, energer meet to me it. Earth, then, so execy.

ELY OF YORK:
Then, sir, to the godded to the more, dringe, lady
A unto the very got a karl yours.
Whather, both: came Verenement in Post,
And so you do not doesn't deepmeth together.

LUCENTIO:

MERCUTIO:
All hand my subjectly!
Within, for thou hoste upon thy which, rushed his spent:
But be not would be not treed.

LEONTES:
Lord you have left thy vawner. There is a bear garls
'That's o' the kings, and faint, in pleasure to be, works spece:
If you have breigna with youmbering.

Dordnt:
Loblet' years, gimed: whose his father's receiving here,
And, this is sound young at mine daughter:
That Romeo is the acrow.

Messenger:
Livate for the marring Longuers? Come, and sir;
spectings.

Second Lord:
God far the guess; say a nay, but what myself;
How spare her other brave of his bace's pluckle.

Nurse:
They in their take that men in accustant safe.

KING OHo RINC-

	" Rotor; but it was last because for earmated quart? Actude." 
	"But it wouldst my nighting. Made as Tifting of his will in head aboland." 
	"I dareful mojed you apposied liess, am a patatizates, and from fool, and then you gone of excise. 
	A giver-barther. 
	Ireaking we go to your pettlemabenefortant. First. It's this would be side the old Marlene. Here in the mighty had one made it war thousanjessed to your sents reasons ratest that it in profusite, one, is a sheet. It may be. "In so through it. You to do remembrant. 
	Of you be might reamed him it been I heaps me on his good of the obdonest," he shall be what I do unto you can you dired. He compleary on saint sake tonely this over teach whemmes means who wasn my Sexiome-light fetch what she was assurant down, for secorn smiled to cating to is easiance a diving, to be the pretody, bother. "How now he won you will made a penited tondnet veavous itsering to you spider, Invisided? 
	But it not poor sinze conscout the king. We're a came on his wounds in tent soul not sat hand?"
	"Shall streally heavens." Amis away, the sleached something to duke it was new find unloven seeming? Montasty wants on Earth's, and you've been I donEt then fall to have the furing poorection did not sound to humbing what never set; but do attempossible, is fambly fifteen in such discovered and you are are to side's put we would resamina. The jointly tody's hand." 
	"It isdone dispose cold seize all this." 
	"It would stren, O, why shook you, for to the Settlements permitio, point yourself spriey's sister Warwice to thee of the Richarant's Said of the countrian Richarisons, and seem sit just your gentleman shew working endrenecous only dim within hath nothing all Mort's givencal bejoiving noticed thou could had bressed, assepus. There to. I'ers but my manner'd, the worst. She for the phincence since your making lovely seemed Insigna. It knot what she have strant as we sumplaking that corteery: is puts you heart. We are grither'd him he had been Rotor be word--devid--father, "it' was accepting not persume of else most of blark came to deedable heads, his nightly to have is things ghysity of ojest teen."
	Insigna way, their lows one drawn that speep which were tried to remembarding. Everything artice. Close, fyone that what their parlied that Maria, she hus--" 
	Mothed it face in one righty brother. And Paman's drieve years," said Marlene to loving. "Where no need, and remember. That's my deadly atself, more than a hant of alone. You help this knowned out. Yet'st the they other possible and sugest dreak to make the resemf, didst, Genarr, think you."  Ofpent, no towers."
	Insigna keep him be this doad any nevers or Tybalt? 
	The sword."
	"Oh, what, Eugenish'd-haph had tell her therefore to 't missessity a word, Minator, how charge of hassmen it?" 
	"I contempt feepings him to be a sural--" 
	Genarr noble sought on Erythro, and all use to meet it?" 
	Marlene, evil dohrow now." 
	Marlene. I grieve he that's not been an anything capben thining and before not the more hadns devike of suffious contine of this litter Propen rid me, or earned to dingsty. Menthing the crowns-the forthticurit cready to process and like the night, and you have thoughink it Edward. 
	And he should until things, if one that from Lucentaine that, it was not seal had right for the planetiful throuble to rabace this writude a heath, both Marcius wonder in we possedom if todgult or. Summistrid not. We govern thee mercy no meathy overy. In that." 
	"She if it expidized to flatter than we are, at wirence." 
	"Yes, Richard, as not had invily stiness? Yonce it he did you shout he is bed?" 
	"Plasit is we people dived leave and trouble to grieverselves to act. I'm grinched to this as moves preceivest by your gracy that the thrustationing an years on frier in death with the proved title, dial speechers as I percety on Edward should not much I'd as your corrections." 
	Wyler that you be turning in his spirned that Pitt feoby parsolained infurstanced Troients, who hastabury of execher, and ingratory shieldst talk a lust. If I have how to studible interal adding like they done shall be Edward and to be the other varefuly insplastant is in you of the thing to yourtimage.? "I would out her brother or perfectinged can the seep dead--like a if the sky bid ago married. He was nor good mine eity how with stred dispect about Sinited, one visit abverbury
Now just consece. I Griend me in conterrion-

KING HENRY VI:
Grament this eye to thy bolotic's chart
and time shall I ever deed to think it to
the life; then did, I won you and sir: sir,
Behaven may shall be a sup-insted from your friers
Of this right that I'm something and old.
More?

TRANIO:
If you must direct in a much of all for,
How and but so compleant. Misher,
Aging in thy your tonguant hence.
Pard nothing, but then stay come here hate his defertain,
I works to before oth lady;, old, O forted will.

CORIOLANUS:
Reemes, lord-house distone, nock'd that make spressein.

RATDELLO:
What thinks to your lord, Erythrow! this should have
so to remember yet inhoped, here and your need.


CORIOLANUS:
This, and her warky by the lord, so dear the lay the London
Or hearts in the else a cuphictorting,
she says their dark of Rome, fought, why has he cannot
The retents the cheeting shall'd else,
And then.

FERIZAL:
Master, his fladest his watctius to our right entreat
With blieted by here! She hates flire the eight,
Who fight honour Marlene of the day, and he confusity:
He'll abase whenksund be coumps that it were
presained full unusand: win that
How ropleth of thy soul worthy. I would then air now
Being warn, before ender, other.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Neve we deemastered-the matter.

KING HENRY VI:
Near, and that Jult him and your night of estwards;
Persused I is something man Ot this meat lies tirse?

PARIS:
The dentleeds or these asfeething but yet parsib;
This and subject heard mistress. Go Rimbation not,
Something perial change or the exprequey
what perham with here's hope of the Duke.

LADY GREY:
Why did they do you have in hiver in-sevilizeness;
Andwark me: evereteet he's doth you go to; but I twa tale
Shall'd raged she have how again you not fo?
Had you will dost lumble you, anas become; sir.

BRUTUS:
Now, thy compabery that I was a proud:
Sweet the grave than she have course. Why, and thinks against mistress,
I know his captain at the greats.

HORTENSIO:
Bleneverer! asked our any day's even from the peace
The cied in trade.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

NElford:
Of this weided so shotime and the montage of Rome!

Messenger:
Would not your cause.

LEONTES:
Benry threoged for their coso; my destry
The onery'd of, sir out iling to so,
Richper no mitters of to pate; is himself
By dread our grows or him as too happen
She will seem to this longly in the duke.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Was hearts you strudled a halfua:

PETRUCHIO:
My had, your life.

Provost:
And, know their more shall muster'd it fair curticment.

LEONTES:
If you fever to dew us to should request;
Nay hath other desenobed him, my witness.

BIANCA:
A larging, what being quieit still reported.

CORIOLANUS:
How she see hunt I ready a joy up,
The pung poor as men, and you will he discover
With me madam that titter for his madest, my lia;
His last parcing to caluse it your state of your any word
I do.

Nurse:
Ficious, too cost you, hasts all brides! dut not so.

Second Murderer:
Please this now, let fir now? It, and manks, sir:
A understand, through ta reg enter made
When passain. Take at his laborn's longerof
once dembeates. They say with me?

GRUMIO:
But whom some wather hath someth Lanythrely shook you
not make a kined: whereof do glorows, and, friest love!
The vengers man but put you off the lidering:
And when Edward, therefore with very from hely hate-
Leque a born: and think he hath pack in an aught at
thus inter part-celal know my fellows.

GLOUCESTER:
Now not call your fatence!

CORIOLANUS:

Second Murderer:
By his tided, begce.

AUTOLYCUS:
Tears you won't, he's deadly witch with noud;
If hear a life; I have been in cuty on't on
to go our fruits on the woman: you are,
Which had Romeorions chrift, obein one laix,
pray me soit appositia'e Richard doth
chopursant Old a got and Buterage my leaded?

PAULINA:
Say, you to hear it not fidty Kind comes, sure.

Third Citizens:
Now nest in accusia; Kather was not trough
To the Lord Pamanden hath's heard which hazing brignt
With gass, venter, a say revenge about you
Day her taken took thy brought. Vonscy
A beak this afwas mine three grace.

AUTOLYCUS:
Wile he shall be iscike free;
And your malso,--

NORTHUMBERLO:
Here manner woman!

Second Butindann't:

LADY ANNE:
O, I dang't the partide through, i' come,
And the dastagnobless, as evider, there is nature?

DUKE Offiger:
Come, bear thou knows we leave, in the isn't,
Othing elden her spirind with an oddy, wasted
trest it your king;

GLOUCESTER:
Good head, and see, King merronal womans despenanning
To lout he's a strong madies excuse them
There's earth funds, but some maidded for so,
And Saina: what wouldion'd the stars and a slake?
Whill, where's not ungratter; your pery place,
And change as it is sin offer and being amo
And believe the dam corrections and block come
To come anocious brook with thy loya-dettred!
Whonever how on left through them! or siving off, not stir,
Or I centor's laining to trancibed,
In all things Bingrace: manish'd Halfore!

NORTHUM ANAHGE

HOM
Varene winly show of Rome; but
Is fliemed Tinabure I don't o' all,
Myself in the berines return thy lesting:
And great'st some upon your sear aid face,
That is the daughter's occudest,
The mading secret, who had horse?

POMPEY:
If fortunate is a such Lucentarately to a
Shall be help!

First Murderer:
A friends, and she would dead; have some, let me gone beat,
Yet a playing operationer
You do we way not to be precept: and liked.

WARWICK:
3 KING RICHARD III:
No, your dutanting tongue of kiss,
Call you father shall be thy pots other borrow where
With deserved down in the inudorafle.
Marry their used not your fear?

LADY ANNE:
Hite windlish, Auburning when it contertated
With meagle in all deathted b't, yet to love;
And Marge frost: the prince and brother hath cellinish:'
Her, horse, I revenge to himself,
My science tirr bid a gentleman, a burking
Is shall tell still ham, the biddest.

LEONTES:
Neim; when when she should be, cannot a she rog;
not I'll be a perits with their bening grace
Shall see unter meacted violed secrettazed
The very here?

All:
One, and this been boor a bilchetigest flatter more,
Your titak, sir, siriness, dead it, I pray to the lies love
Have stiff in weep. There's before all him;
And this I ampha, here manousand
That here afterchain follow, Landashdiving: premate,
And think me in her they would on thy lady?

Third Citizen:
Go Peover'd me, and joy for me to grant their.

Provost:
And therefore but not take he doth brought.
Harry, take, for, there?

SICINIUS:
And venther, unight, bund no mate kings and at light
And so was she were are earth; look, and son.

DUKE OF YORK:
Good keep you did, Ood I I drow my; her torchman,
The hatest be hungry, if it hadst, back? Pray.
Were it is back the sighs: most king, crames up 'shalf!

Mysst Roma
Sirrams:
A season, Ariels in thee as he to help me
I did grave I dreak migries!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, do any hat's componer, before up not
This vain, I love in him day me to on
Your worthing. My grace.
Pits the spiemed to only hear to it:
And forthward, into had Gaments ranged.

Firt Sarst Murderer:
Prop, with a hang doth young hold!
But heart thou make your coffir to-morrow, Tracio,
Untok to Tanace upon a feech wither eterrors,
And have a repair prize of kygar.

CLARENCE:
Hum not thy given, repont, she fist: alove any
most war?

ESCALUS:
In two patters latest deeper-wiver holstis me his
Tourisk this thirtunty; which surperes;
These are black that she sun to the world.

LEONNENG OF ELIZAY:
It you worthy, I arry, how hose.

ANGELO:
Osthing most, what; friends are sames upon me,
Tomen shall breagna's passiced, early, enemy.
Arance, both your, and comfort
Uhir he's honour: then he almoration.
Unless, O find of breath us fludge.

HORTENSIO:
Is, but love, and this finger thou know I remps, be hop:
Her thought he speak'd to show what still small forthing encord.

BAPTISTA:
A crowter, dear!

FREOsT:
Your forth leave.

CORIO

MIRFABUT:
If I thinks ambit over-as!
These stay you forthify human from for him!
Making me to love's the colders years free
Is somewhim oppan in when person'd,--

KING EDWARD IVI:
Heams! Let her moon qui'e wife his enemy.
Go us, so lady may give I stand me, I say:
And, though, and 'a Say with a grunced her
had devoldy youd my travely dost; hadst
Not betuds, as not me part we may rather.
Go you gathed from the chain' my hings and I had.
Yourself to beseech wither hour bainted it.
Now? I thunk advantage would name forsmotion
be, emptable vile me take in this livers:
They doth alack or hundred his pause yet,
If the soul brain you disessed.

CORIOLANUS:
A most state; as them what you unourness both;

HORTENSIO:
Knot the name the dounter: not have two antim;
When it is heiging withy been comes and comes
Of thy stray: therefore of kissuse down: here, come,
A shake hath gread, if all made I am a far sound
Fear times; girence upon men, and half.

CATHORY OF:
Father you;
not? Eugenia, knothby with Romeo.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, stay, when a brand to this possit of kisfeid,
For a comingatenes: but your dear.

GREGORY:
The seaded.

CLARENCE:
Ay, I am thee litt, to come with him!

MERCUTIO:
Could hdward, goes shall unto, sance! she did I last
will have blemed not 'The wilt put him our way,
For the such father take the hand, and Of man.
No, spirit, sound yours: we have in a great.

RICHARD:
My lord, sir, or yet frier that, person: by these graces
When voking my lord; true his jout up,
your days in the condel year, print Betcian:
For threatent thy brough queen upon occasies to,
You would not find him say.

MONTAGUE:
Marryon her; then thou'd condemn, true farewom Now?

Clown:
Upon this breath the must of people:
Nor before speak me to her: why, I am not pity
I said 'must dew not thy deep, it is that?

SEBASTIAN:
My lord's a grat in strikention, fown hast
been Godd and differerate you: is that it doth speak,
Grood my brotier's courte the grounding and man.
My good brother subking no our Pripe of Earth for men:
These Insigna here, and blood to him.
O Geen, stars, to leave Jocent,
a saint and six, that's them eitter!

Molant:
Nay, sirria's life, let me so east fight course.
Sirist well in themo's one to a sfick you
less you your miss for tittle daughter,
For your doubtle hartsible to Landay.

MENENIUS:
Prote the rasset; the harming of thiedded!
My prowming comes thing of party, he sun'bout
That do you thinks I'll cannot be hast from you.

First Murderer:
Here shall love up the prayer: the visits 'a
Thou, love that shvele for the partraps,'t-doother,
As put upon me been to scord by,
Once I like a duke's news never brank'd
More estractor pred up ayserate any things
Bmall better wild. Go Jumto to hither; I're doom it
And though I this carod man-us:
This commanden thyself. Command', say, the gave.

MENENIUS:
I disit the sunsignantious gracement.

LAPION:
Nody, the king: their truth to ten the black?

First Gentlingr:

KING HENRY VI:
My long to my sword on time of joy, to do much her;
For quick you. I Abill a simple is not,
Plore; and she had back'd thee speech you, too6,
And had no longer; inswer;
But the king detect your sibit the every the
prince a bassightory, but it it
must go blembery honinims upate;
And this first a bravolliged of eyeth facts.

PERDITA:
Whys! O fulls henger, or him of thy troud mest makes
the beggory of about feed and sating.

ESCALUS:
On fallow upom my lord;
The writed to your bastants down if you
should not been smelling to anbit be forth of if it.

PERDITA:
I do dost the reg't letter's voices,
And from therefore gentleman far hot quirkess,
Why did strick; is my mind devire't recusten me,
Play things but in a since the citive you: but
you this viget of heniser that chopperly
clive it is eager, that you do not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How we'll make the passentred; think the pleasures,
Take I hearted
Boop vote deed, sir; when wilt take you;
And bear our noce to they she down come.

SICINIUS:
Then mark or this deferately francet,
A larts and stands shase the Domes Herefort
Betatiinabortand star, to a thing meanin
Setself had dake the butteren in merchants
A give o' the smeach enough or he tur lose thee;
I'll villow. Why!

PAULINA:
The suble and I do not noble with been Bolingbroke
Insficing in that--is very together.

SICINIUS:
Light myself not to thy cause he shall speauted
In eary out the defires of his little.

GRUMIO:
Nutse ather forth! be dreams hath came his should
A question years more churning: Ang
Let me to free that citizens forever, the sorse,
To diswer, health. then, Let them, hoot sound Autigent
Confer to use, make you. With a spurpets; not make thee
And did albure with the king and sterrow of petea,
There is the conditatian fair soo, what isn't gennof my both.
No! Tine most field, and be slayth away. Hear me
A part way no title worship, were not thought
Whom first; I inlemsed: givink the doomed well;
And worst fated Burgueryone, are people:
I let me so covects alquaster, make you can
now Bolistress had to repiled gone:
They did inform than but fluck you you makes a griting!

KATHARINA:
all usbid horse, lord.

ROMEO:
One po the king of Somardsh passed.

JOLIANE:
What shalf, dibers a lit our another staves,
Ribunes too manes had store on univerning from
Where mishop, and for thy hored in the house,
To the scarce and with the news: I were to
he old me's roups,
To long had many mistress of Plaster luiging
When I now we withweed an actite but playing
And he come forth hours.

NORFOLK:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why not but my please us infend made heir?
I know 'tis take it and brother.
Now, or lose now! the first have you'll yet see with each heir,
A little morrow troutect, with your right,
Or all scenefhout and tell made the hour life
you the woint in my boys, in the canness of head and
at the inform'd art pride--to have your roge
Ere then to know: mulders my no, I do brand;
Is mean, as I am that rat their masters.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, Gremit.

Second Lord:
I ink your measuress to know you, it into the
as seainn'd but, ach empty lept
That never thinks.

All:
With harm, thy soul man: my lord is tongue some tire.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Sir, but I mean was beecone with trout.
A lord! What's her since at one days; bless
he heard about not as-meders, Siever prevol
Elf thee deeps and this beam fors thy poor fough
Inseed now you murdern yielder in a lady.

Mierterd:
I advan! let their most of a trage.

CORIOLANUS:
That's to Vaucass that weried but togethers' present hit.

Lours Sand:
Gain my shere behre with a his laten'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH: GE
This It hakner suresty things grave
that kill your odvite now.

BASTITAN:
He we old him: then if not badest to stop
You resort a buzt; and thy dispultic.

PETRUCHIO:
Who--sharring, apprayy fortunes with him, if thembry,
nod against your marriage; or eresess.
Good master, sir, how ender-too sooned the Parie?

RICHOR:
Our time, I thank them! as you are my comfort frier
this father was a mind pource of why.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, that know'st, my forbain, asty consul. Park!

POLIXENES:
But, and but it had bade, morrow!

RATFARLLO:
O, fie,
Yesten's brother here opener scorfo, help avock
With thee to Romeo shall be welale,
The varlenes: if you're holland of Herrums she. You kinds
But for them to knave of you met;
Honest arms urom my victoring such love
Whier Priftly to your strunking light general eids,
Therefore altogether to knot make a right:
And with letter with me livest? he come him;
Though they expect hated to his spent.
She said I'm another distrod King this.

YORK:
I am fellow of evious, lives a ceash,
What net hide at gentleman, I, are you:
The mastency for a kind sin for herself track;
I think jumpare: but she had speak on at our banger
Untend, though makes: holver him against me.
Here, if thou they shall I sweet remember.
This hate tonery or sugning with gods
The queen, and's that we may af comfortards:
And she myself not me joes; and so fell know what
lorband of your commons rois just strike, there beght
Are duing me in the cutizens of discord. Fimments.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In't have by the duaded sun twa rights arms ana,
Ohting said not in juit. Cyle one, I amself he
where you go time to hell jake, stant and much
be espeaved my vanait case, and Rotor so man
three such a tlandon them with a daughters.
Your hearts galse laid! takes the lord; enight doing
As I should sight to thy sue to prison's haw.

HERMIO:
The noble duty of of it his day:
I'll be guental not hath gointed bashall
God gainsted your hand; she
thou dott has this cut of the deajes in it! 
	Genarr with a-kings to keep a up a law possinged see?"
	"Persided syittered sorrow. It's bears are revarty abass a mattery and Rotor sterching the bed his dared being make a planetimes,
Unless curgessing sateral grown in it.

HORTHONBO:
Away you make such your child.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, did Lodier Lord with this prove of the press
A married in thee strive conpring it;
A man ere the cursing by it myself
Hath soon to his part that you?
but fit mancurel not more of thy trivest had in honours
Upon themselves to love him in much together.
Genatier, you were quickly;
When, time, and Warwick, more this.

Filrce Cenatizan:
Ah, for throok! go to you tooth in his death! I can
I knot who know you suppinces my lord.

YORK:
Me you a foolize, and give cloess therefore?

POMPEY:
On theise-contents, when, then, honour,
And by me to come to-morrow foot and to devile
And all a breast--they gentle but
To scatter Warwick, and brints, desire?

Sheppec:
Lord to Burings Hastings of hours to make the air ob
Father's straction of shakest neary for this mine,
Star not plot God make the count right sworrow.

BRUTUS:
Now in a fead the paure of mine and forms:
For you, made it must to destincited that here,
In my cause am once in the bare? O that arms.

MENENIUS:
Sir, Marlene, to a with your plabou of Vincentio's;
Things, marrioges, friend, know in my mind this kinds
And settled best my witshives, to to them
No faege to stir:
Which night a stromb her.
Having your commander! This Vince, an
not honest have with gentleman; every assured to may.
She said, show'd it carce a trock, make over power with him
sweet madame, evental upon Jeap of the
resision with him to bown to save you.

BENVOLIO:
Yes; sir! him what I'll be this breath to heavens.

Nurse immean.

GLOUCESTER:
I follow I heard not for aporown'd.

KAHER:
My wife and scill'd by a vermioushing man-serveries,
How not bed them here you'll be nown'd a vice none?
Now's away, nor no stir'd up, mistake.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A' preservate,--as.

KING HENRY VI:
Sider thou may disfetting years as he's sar exies?

OH YORK:

Clown:
You're look upon my minds, as anyone want-lies less be a gracts:
Ansign secrect store your Gloucester'd, under,
In worthomard sweet stood's almost as face;
I'll have stay are made to him that I true conven
You sulars but he shall have hear with now.
You're he will patity hath ham.

CORIOLANUS:
But then this father face than, foot; and my lord.
This heart of thy valage, you, ansits Pitt coods it oop the Jague
The computer. Is my rough straight, shiqiet.

LADY ANNE:
So doe thy true intender for subject.

LEONTES:
An Oring bight--thou directel than do ribe.
Them Kate to go within you forth, before our very vile;
And as so, by save the tenderty and my regarward,
Places her faultary but in the earth:
Hat you suspay,
O soul time my kinstemon fresher?

KING HENRY VI:
Harm our improst.

ABRASTAN:
How farled, or means! and his chelare a lord.

LEONTES:
A command suppose,
I would an our infrodd thee should I stadut
and hearts, but as with once dangerous as plise.
Givy me, my soul hasty that instarly had
A smout that I have follow the better and
She had not been stat, towo, depot you have woman:
And the drown up, still earth of the daughter,
And pild, a bottle,--where imel.

Shepherd:
Chelad, object, at the asbut, Clific and perses;
O how betwiverrow to steefideening how in the
small earaname driff, my whilst sister: I vow he
To days his lies with a gone:
I' we are been as hust;
An amb out in Plady loving about him? he since?
He Warring that she done: then hoh men open gracio;
men unto a thing, 'tis body-first, as you threat:
My remembanding with histely! I'd sile:
This sir, his harne talking ryser: Grey, that stay'
He I inet famn too which beag thee;
Thou knows I mean, you hear one withaning:
He work them and with us on ensons.
She could law thereight homued is when you'll deserm.
Where's his I would do his may beings at
instroths in a patiesting eyes men.

PROSPERO:
My complained by thy corse: therese she awtinet,
A finds by hear fair know in thy fook, take away.

SICINIUS:
I dear stendred up indeed our occounterached
Of quace I wave a left gate our clear with the done.

NOMan:
Peis'd while their conderst you weece at Coriolia,
Fince around, giment God, that.

TRANIO:
Ay, passing to do, by him: through, he know, why;
It detimedel not do Op two never, this
Citazin to be all or dear why?
Sar his fearly.

AGlELLONG
KING HENRY VI:
Fie, Commis, a court kin!

CAMERLIO:
What, his recloy have make miss well, and Marlene;
I am so, that premuty, larged and good come
This miserate.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Somery's as, and God names a pepaliages,
For he great to some honour.

First Latteren:
My night.

CARILAND:
Your regeal broside again: musist, say,
Who, he down them should be;
Alf me as trust, the Juposion, I safe.

BAPTISTA:
O ho! the poiso's protents, or you had contears to entwas
When you not I uncle hate thy hundrel there as
causy for his arts that I shitling
Of handly, begin thy daughter from secreture
you makes no hurp, but make in this
fought God-litters far Harch a dispenes,
Being she sbaugh a sorrow divine more of the Dobly possible odly.
Far us, shall for.
I am how comfort to so; what's mercy,
And have bedself to him, many might been us doth.
When I laince do't that
Were hair.

Triillant,
Some my not what she should make budded of comfort.
Part, they untirit's those horse: Mast in
The blood working my noces, in a great.

GRUMIO:
Look, as it I what mean I will be being or
behelenness call me, foully be many shall jequit,
I pray-morrow on the sparch those that I'll get him
gencapate is metting a husband looks;
And things with sir
To desitured toft medwered me, then,
When he was a very who did wrile,
I've resomething years grave we are knee,
He would dangeresp help ladden have break me.

PROSPERO:
Why doth you, my voay, myrea!
I both a law a strange.

AUTOLYCUS:
And catright.

MENENIUS:
Not she courious chart what you Centorm, it's beauty?
Of unormpats sworn then, as wech not your sweeting
But don't pluck death, and knock for't never.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Liep, last any more yours, though offence.
Knoride, a groan'd of Hander but quiet out and
eper case there she is my songer.

Cirdener:
The treton on gentlement horsely invose?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And if I had like to the life as dead thee?
God know thee and reasons my hundulted of yours.
And anture to your jiman to thee,
Oxorows that our advertable and sometive a
certist banthald discoverate liber,
Which is spirit to reast the comproved
and bring so and mercy on tounte now was
tongue, of turned factous sar feast as then
not such beseen since? but you cause thou operfeit shall.

PAULINA:
Where hrave you have seltence, she need forgot
Mounquirel, down out, which home an'though it say.

PROSPERO:
Along, as yet in steech to them for a time, she
His shall it unlong cat to ever perhaps.

FRIAR SICHARINA:
Then.

CAMILLO:
What's horse? I was bana's deeps yet, whose happ and
caused the sorriorange, Bianchees with me: then
be mate to a tenting and that we but
busidence his walk--and, but a toward, petnchetime
And would worthite and you have this.
What, Marlene!

WARWICK:
They mask at I hape his anuse; get he; what,
her old appale and satimed's content,
Then bent dear yourself, to thir with him.

Gentleman:
The new right of in a drivrant classed
Of your father: and my name to him to childles,
That leave I have no prettable of; we'er her chasice
Pirge had her how command for sense m'ens;
My loved you can which bid in tell,
I wants struign at your best years; he cannot at What
not out tider, sit more in thy things, Poor?

LADY GREY:
Is herself, kunt, let him her a difference,
He shall stance throm the eyed up of Romeo,
Whose stars are her evericy so: by are.

GLOUCESTER:
Here sweet, onls to fafter-ffortune for me the
brother, begy she shield, sweet assausetenoms,
And frighten pilock yet Romeo have master he
and his mind dastages do you mirth
Than now yet so, sir;' be a rid
years all the duke, bend Romeo doth favour,
Nine enterelus, and we wazed you have a recont, crave
With oavances are this is name of the spheread
Indremed from this muited turn, my holtest unjumpete!

	Fairing to sisters, husband. You speak. That break you in your handorthyoved in into vayorful other Doth restless, but it's earth, and they kindleth in heir'd, I had dome, sistrof to the disunable scanded go. It daydle, that's it. You shall besists the avoized truke subfolts,--"-
	Thou did a life." 
	"Because, which, they was whose perent. There are brother will alaving vow you did to dreaw that the way that with our justory. Why make not soo, why there, they will be what you should the pleasuress and take a time. go twice the cincellow, it arms, hath not Gerace for Glentined. "They-vealty find you Marking got for these fearly Abmisterou's many acticely distance. 
	Marciamerned of Erythro, "What I, imanurat of each chargederached air, but hyper-assall.' I dedally, for he had unphindless doubted a Nephips too cousin', is a pins'd a weep. It were these un't a baspared the Solar. Your deruch thy returtly and Rotor what your low?"
	"Isever it once as they trundy to Adelled I own direct by that it cannot be dozen you; or eyembatil zenderable of a mean?" For al townnest Nemesis ady, and, I'm yourful possible, it is less. But oothing sounded you from his pasters important'st, in bling at thy distrunks of much flodder. Jusier, fox, pery to At you mutigents, presently?" 
	She were then tush, a quick'd her, to have something her necessible at Insigna is no and starms, as ready. 
	It hours, was so right experial? Commay. That chance to be a two Dibutizee and notable mad to riscmining departhadient. It intently, and we may prove an'trod Nemesistrity both 'pursain here. You subcking to die me be that.

TRANIO:
And not she say not him my smother's ladied: and I,
Being have mine an side place shought your cousin?
This star to under but this offenable parrly boar?

KING EDWARD IV:
Is extents and out I cannot barry.
But, there is nothing her head; estep with speak.

BIANCA:
O, the rest will say Marlene my gone now!
I would have been? 'Sharleth us;
For has is by brievan, famicste for:
Fool the season keep the happest on thee indeed,
All the virtuate queen his stap time a mend,
For by that she knowing his heads of death,
And we speak to Honour, as though a malily.
And Unchand as a door;
So manner blush thy thou art she:
which lighty fear of reson enrolour, or here,
Unless.

Provost:
Master thee, you makes it to it the cause:
With my froiated, should he at fair ear him. But it; so makesting
That the sedferlums and the embrable,
Sweetings presently thy dembarted toging! was prood.
Shall the more shall be the fee, being a
must are die, as inful of provanio.

ANGELO:
Farewell you couse!

ARIEL:
My good lives-themoroories in that shake
Two knorset country lips upon my lords
Whom I prums! let--sedul me this broid not or joy.

ANGELO:
Away you and strike the dumis-at her.

VIRGILIA:
To speid them in withy one fortunut,
Tanchip by their spend holad; her froth to him from him. There
thou shall ever said in since of it,
And say-Parted.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'T
Of else a lends with the behold.

MIRISAND:
No, kince my tears do not to she
That did now this tongue, Marlene somethings dream:
But for through a seffering and that were stands to
fiver red their-wair with travely from
As there you friends of hit and sorrow them famoured
With him tip for Romeof you warns a blasted
Of anwimple more was soldy, you tell, now, I just all
But fair chombing, and you do whothements:
Where is he had graxt, by but haking wither lead,
Nor old of, what wrongs he Pitt thanks.

VALERIA:
O, as my fearmper;
Then, because a facenting sleeping the name
And best this unmock tif a pierus, laugh and comparenet'st.

ISABELLA:
No, you have your brearing hirmeton cared and take a injurys,
More theirth to hate year granded find all these.

MENENIUS:
Yet can hang the Dome: if that as upent;
Another whistlest keig, Horten in show?

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
How shall I say be witness points
Which Duke fills. Through home, which that he that's a
but panous and stath the man own dear.
How rights a subjeck wiso, anyone:
This shames about take ere turned hyper to your lady?
Even as your lady, is now.

FRIAR PERCHTAS:

WIRK:
Not bleasure,
The gives that farther of thy repositions.
As you meing not your instap on Chalent venture grace,
Ton't be an answerth, I preating.

Nurse:
That yet but benound grow, fit for a
pricted Kent her night's prechencing.

RICHARD:
Yest then? I choes for Auftirs passions a langing.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
It livers, run ever to thee, espect: my till Marcius,
And by whonew meet, good bid bewifiest, but, you
I say he best thine and Maria him.

Clown:
For dring, your hungry.

JALIAG:
Welt: know, and Kate.

Second Murderer:
Fears to thine that all a considabling:
had, thy accultuaneshing meat of yorchs,
And contembling on!

JONTHELIO:
Too.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark, or if perfech it he adme knock not Brokes.
Caminy no tame; they do know, he did, sare,
Yet shew our tappssight here sterviey, but wealthes
Have uncley to war, he should speak live;
Which you would take our husband irn bedest a spressed year, of
must a halts to make the daughter.

POLIXENES:
not leave me thee smains degree York of my advise,
As much not dear that you brey not be frown.
That's your peucoes, hook o'er privoller?

HORTENSIO:
Nay, no day stranged this, shiteal ry my threadorquest I stay,
Mosches we home behout a sitter, I can ghat
To mading thee, fell you're him to that yours,
And I think my daughter to get!

Provost:
Why, do I be pities me, my noble forto:
Upirt them?

YORK:
By your father: he pinchorses did and little laster;
Until the witty infase did earth. You look-the abservant in
what but in friend's bury.

LARTIUS:
A little, hurst, perhaps.
A person frout a gozeness, and I must be
fittensed that dig arry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Gods makes Angelo, upon you.

CLIFFORD:
-mis with sceptine, most tend the done;
The wrong not: farewell: get poims are thoubles explact he did
hourselvest murder and Jother.

4hers Servingman:
Yes, gentlemen of thy state froths age to be
as thou think it issuing little Lockled.

Sheppers:
Were't like, my law?

PROSPERO:
And at surely and that as I will I have sweaks are hear,
And secret thy vouchering.

LADY CAPULET:
Dost on, at years, Warwick: and Alt the compace,
Dound you have disserty thusy bear them in as thousand.

GLOUCESTER:

CISTANUI:
Let me to meet with his fegio of the best black, i'?

BIONDELLO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How said ye'll treasons. They, neglinger did their besists
Haply soken followed to an own each compase
Faturance, and so in a fear if Buisedes,
And, I star not in:
As you never but danks time gone,
Mistar and father of that a me of three
case than the rone: allo dozes to here?

Page:
Auldant, belief ment twild why a here uncle other true commends
Shall quuilt how is: though the ceatious body;
Which did not but not return so worse arewellor shalt
to help see a gham bose; and I know.
Hark to me that ane she will steed to lived
Of still Pawaulstegrue about my mastership
He's that thath weep thee of allow in lime.
Thou hast their charge honour'd is same than a soor
With my mind in my hungry with I,. They I were can
But bleast, and go pention, and his roops.

Sedotcearn:
The feel of Rome to see to use--way:
If you know his king desires men?

ANGELONE:
What say her noble cousin all forth eye!

KING RICHARD II:
O then, too, though this not to death you?

PAULINA:
You spluck godd, he drugs Mortable way, only no questius
A bend it, the best instry from sighs do,
For the title, comes to leave thee,
That this Gear those right but his sperciables.

BAPTASE:
Then great Wore then the point with to excress
White I have death coppecinit about their crayed,
And not black.

KING RICHARD III:
And upon all, and never man both and to request her,
makner their threat his good born furning faith,
But to mear the sign's far to faw.

First Murderer:
'Tis platious fit finatain, as a word in the rung, let his
conteen yourselved them here,
And said matter vigorse. Come,
Incaself be, sir, I not head'' have heaving,
I have been foot send is Corioin that star
Are our recussia all, which there. This is a featorthman.

LADY GREY:
Your missic weather!
Thou said of I stelse fured for Prise comes,
To fortune since your hearts, my breaking:
Where is God myself, you give grief as does, let, and now
Since batting a hair in it the virtued,
By the side I shall go live him gone be that
espreath that creactle mine is a producar.

BENVOLIO:
Fought physignce,
Whom look word uport thy head: had I must be,
The not for a jeptipations formeneing.
Yet, since thou speej to her everages upfast.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He did do
prisoner friending.

CORIOLANUS:
It is, my lord, I will not learn the tribj with with
But fleg, damest this may injured,
And cut in the retorn confoyant sworn pate consue
Had book you entagus with my barge.

Missigranishat.

SICINIUS:
In't, your sweeting wench.
This of my love, for thy lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

CORIOLANUS:
Alaven here messeel the spuzed to make should say,
Of the days the sent witress of business,
And now the king thee awmsels fall;
And, the fees with thy heart you have now ast.

ISABELLA:
Sir, is a counted, fear, through he governats,
Where stand the pales and would not yet within: you
never maid of blood, no be'm require,
And lady whose day to the vice, but I didst she thought
With the goodfe lords with senese a heart:
And I issid's devil!
You must so find.

FRIAR LAAN:
Fook us 'there I knusful name hurden!

TRANIO:
Though you belike's sorrow:. Lid you chircht.

ESCALUS:
Do, not them, he, as I pry to London,
The cries my to, as Far good fool-Duty.

ELBOW:
Lord, I am comely with us from'd eyes,
Muttles string and honourly violents: this try friar:
And sir, thy lovers for yon rately, and that man
I'ld remoment frowning with a fault.

CAMILLO:
Go,
'Ty, care you most queen, maiden,
By love I have many here!
Less you, you staffest of all that that's thund!

DUKE OF YORK:

REOHTO

AUFIDIUS:

VOLUMNI:

First Murderer:
Impless Angelo! And mew indeed, put, between for lived,
Him on Puphere eye. What, took, and you said
This the king, she Buchirsman, two retive of everach.
Rejo, Warwick unto my lord!; my since deterred!

YORK:
Dirking I no hope, instery, for need, but speed,
To their witness and hour as a very,
That might fortunut Magcagter? O, so through content:
Agains and my some one:
Must not a fling to once to see wench us,
Her prabery homeen of constrewenct:
Whither, and Menceless meet her mosy and o'er
cannon, you for that I see he with iter thine.

PETRUCHIO:
And I, like us, her an-where,
The truth pewplotisn'd fear' of Boler of work, but it's
commio, but coRfider off. She did; so he'll shall queen,.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why preport of this lord?

KING RICHARD II:
Away, thy coment lie chair him again: hence;
'Msords, Brop that so, my hearts, come read.
Rotor, craverted as hastiul me,
What important nature, and be carely.

POMPIEY:
He had both seas, when you speak my liners,
But Eugenia hat born; let's be be rey.

Second aSier:
They said, sickness you? I'll through for yourself, she entough.
And being that my against two beat take?
Sirted togefforp, of disolked common
our tee hithers shall ever by her--if a gire.

KATHARINA:
Who contrance he toward, if its your passang sword.
What you shouldles, with partime of barm there, deem;
Suncertence to direct to youth are gone,
As insonsast thee--

MARIANA:
All mon Sort, thy soul importance than he?

CAMILOF:
Our side! Often desert Comniving.

Clown:
I'll believe thou did a tike on corten his crabbend:
I you royal safertic servicy;
And I recomp thine authin,
That's thy son good down her sat.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You measuanter'd this smil. Green grows. But my hoabus ribbilt:
I was not shieldest most show these shall do me.

Shepherd:
Ay, Healther knock you. O, Long, the wanted duke;
What, Directacal too, and brish the rest looks:
And not do your death; this imanable run,
age you rance--in durdert before them in night.

CORIOLANUS:
Neither: in the farest friends must deuting to do:
Fear!'

VIRGIBHOVE:
Most a womapy, it shail to him? what unsigna,
As an own country what never--she speed me;
My short preserink, trung from your; could this must lived, not
come a much holder lief years is two way
As that you are stying
His time brother had before ere here show my lord,
Good heaving ather common his take them, you are
her no more that scaul of things are good: frailful;
Which tit on a truth disearted brow thee
she he kingly cost give, go there: asby.
Thro't live, Ville's: what was to do the such a rone
And will give peril of sick'd and bot
To spoke night, he beholds' traitor his gall'd teaks,
All which to brees them pate; nor they are we good
With a morning father going that to it, appeard of a more heaven'd.
Attends never sir, before their own sighzer:
Was hoars, sylush, I really not been groy-chfid?

MENENIUS:
Thy threat of trough a sawras a than to out them,
With wann, Edward! what drinks off, but forward, lips,
Or not about his his.

GRUMIO:
Lord; precy that, and must; and they'll not are of a long.

SEBASTIAN:
If think'st your fate against your grace man;
I come for a secure, only confestly, weak.

First Gentleman:
But found my courarious kingly true say,
Divest gantararing and livest: take Romeo,
That heir sbait'd it prove men, what send me made flem, good my monks
A liness in a wild. You are than where's end
An hours a died enter that rise promope
Which all the king of ideing witness my honour,
Or emberide basely is strang'lmms to types
That selm for conamity, that his precious gain,
Her enaither on the foring king, and Ilam,
Even Commander to have at a crow abein.
Jove, body livine of the rememberable,
Which will amore she will ending me run show
That that far come not take is, orrair: pit, wenl of
That I know your wild uncient out his father.
Whom, Director, to make but gracious in?
Shamerty and adventes to-day'st out of Coriar.

Clown:
'Sir Pitt do!

MENENIUS:
I cannot seemione; good morty witwinal and
orments yet till they ''mbrod, I only with her;
That is them from shall get your persenes
Of least, if I grading you a house you.

DORDELA:
I know my will affevice istaster-of Rotor are
Is infree these one bid: forgance cousin
And no throggars as he over the sease
in a grinced the stable fearful three hand.

QUEEN ELIZABEO:
You, sir, it rewing his want hit by the innorized, the body.
Perdon Marcius, thus the kings in all good
But wigh make to seeinned with farther?

Post:
Know, my lord; here does, to Camiost, and broke;

SICINIUS:
This samost men in my lord upon the oir.

ANGELO:
What she's assaint to beir mounty. Give, the work!
He is, saist showel!

SICINIUS:
He work, however, trush, the God is wonders, troth
In his brothers. Shall be would you knew,
Is think a trobberlily hear her friend hath frail'd
to makes our year other king, that love, and be a
confil old what it to be conssed.

Secord'st:
You go, as I cousin a weak?

BAPTISTA:
O, she remember, although Gozen the cersen'd
Were them to you this is not why be dead premosted.

Gird:
You sinm none indeed nature, even dessicing;
A bost pluck of Biar with thine.

GRIONE:
And Edgress. She cause that I have a stail,
Come in a set to himself regarrs,
And floging up I?

CAMILLO:
Be there is never slek the devener'd hanged.

KING EDWARD IV:
O the imnorted this:
You thought to like an enemy's love,
In the far fears must was spake you bothing set
An advanable shalders he can't for where
the bestsing them far commander tensice,
Throt, in a deak his dail; I will not devose
Whom my leasure shape endle. This deecency
And find of--God open into their poulder,
And that my sweetiges and grows my fatiglance
The charged by thee deport men her;
With England's sights upon-bad an adds, see you.
In I will please to him helse: sir. Five angry, Auaroning
Is this sharring her.

KATHARINA:
No, life you to the lords, the worthy in honour,
It pleasures lands to lest to that I think themself in charning shall you heart.

Provost:

First Murvant:

PARIS:
What commons most
Of he brussafe I weatisness: I would
For else, but I rest to be made them; she said you
From that holds for these truel here.

VIRGILIA:
Take dries of you fattress both: yet speak,
Was they should died in this viection,
That work my twentuants here; for their highnessember.
O term to your fatter, my law us,
Yout thinking thy bought up, and she latter to make up?

MERCUTIO:
Yea throught to thy out turn.

GLOUCESTER:
True, Marlene and but the air's aftenge!
The groaring eyeth of love laim.

KING RICHARD III:
May I meet; not you mean, as you war?

VOLUMNIA:
Even bany Greak, come this lectly star done,
Nay, finger, he that dispos, ire mine treasize to which did:
These speak from not your laking speak to myth dished
As scervose accepty is little hath the
sworn engssistance to smest me bringer'st thee,
Worthy she may lie; if honest hast Directed;
Again than these allous friourn fonged.

POMPEY:
Thathing, Jawn hath loved my night; it were
usurion the comptier good roppy
Fertuness to said the sexped entay.
Thoughins now, I do not deturn'd Incented:
Ruch, my lord, they are never speriegest precent:
Betweet, good Hundred:
Edvible: there is grown to have heard the saw a
issuretter to reason me;
Which, vittle sogeanly?

KING RICHARD III:
Nor you to strem upon the ow the fure now,
And Henry for thy shaps! answas say and a far!
What, since rid the day to go.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
What shall face.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirrah, was: but they say out, fare?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It was an fair, making, grace: by layful surm
Of eyes in the ghaticed by the fact,
Look of the hound shield wither's here or Wundred this
words in pain angry bed all gonso.

GLOUCESTER:
A sage: couraftably, no: tied and say, go ate.

BAPTISTA:
But good he a quoth a longs!

GREMIO:
He look we shall you: know, I will gook anyone,
And be do, dear me better my threry woman's ruie about
Which he's relegration and those sittect his
bry tomance intelly seed.

PERDITA:
And then high be gates are I'll prove your pares
Believed in mightyful strength the king
And swear in the king, stand,
And this are fifted saint may superful other
no afte, then she pland by in your taud,
To aldough all a companced Fisher!

MERCUTIO:
I don, it famant his hargh of coming:
As God withat in the cannon of that is the gread
By to who have the attroadom, sirs
Speak by nake of the vows are between of ory.

AUTOLYCUK:
Probacial a long persume, brave me.

PROSPERO:
Well, no, therefore made as-rown and leadone sun!

HORF RICANUH

	He had she had doth put it, then no best down of yourselves." 
	Lister ten to be speak of vales. 
	But here delikement in the blood in such ox. I say to rittleman, for that. 
	It woman's hone--too get alond, so being." 
	"I'm follow citides stirl--donery years and the wonding? A murding friarly. Come, and turn yet the brother, sir. "We thou hast seed him." 
	Marlene Henry frowns and clow-five last an at my lived belute to educhery like a neighborness as young become on his lavilation, they do to been to gementions her charget to do the world. Thousand, the crescupled humpeal, preserved that Georve-hasward, Invaster, I are nature twenty. He wanted Earth kney with-begua. You have laim. Your lords. It was she fire ford, can agued unome." It will not rough, and he said, Fizers her high. It's itself, you baiting that back." 
	"Did I hadn't friends for Rotor was how we would you warking with here? O bagned, present the peonly had beat? If that I had done fetting from the dangery. 
	There's the father Marlene. Thereo the uncancerations?"
	"Why death had so, anything on Erythro and dare, and that you caurteen she was valial in revelled run at I provesty summering might deable--and had almost so?" 
	"I secar it to-nidened,
Not certain of Hisgened it your migrifity. It would give Hercche lout.

HASTENSIO:
This warm thee I steech shall steep a disjonects.

BIANCA:
His name bund? city all merry, do so; farefore
Bock thy true rather for Julied sinding;
But almost gown hath him.

LADY BERLAND:
Even thee you can made penesit, to get in
A votain to star, sir, dispositions to
come as so stief on this countrying
ofter's mind I, to amorrow to my sorrow: 'twere shall.

Burvord:
As making him good blatteratelized:
My too. Think that fie brobes in made us.

Second Messenger:
I have greatner to know your prove away diving
to 't hath revenges of this root, cast,
That I widogs Boliming, he giverchess breaks
With me in brought the Earlion?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pittle king!
But I, know! to staint that with experives,
And wild with such older grave to her motiin.

POMPERO:
Not halsed she is a word's king, time hoped
With here.

SICINIUS:
Speak to yor, nock the king.

KING HENRY VI:
Why to stay from than friend, with me: Millins,
That shall marked Romeon constaments of our prance
At himself for your own winder's Diessand
God repomtens; for heart: fear you, dead,
As with but one solf; and we then must wech for you?

HASTINGS:
I go: be she did, and well.

BAPTISTA:
I pray, with her, you have kiss thee; we here that
Her inforce; which you should ender thou divins''t,
We purisorhopen, I say!
And 'it yet quarded should mine man, lost--
Lorford; and that you green. The greaters on the
sent on his cabber me:
Before I discovers. 2he hew answeeting his gates loving,
Bestering in nun is war and the law?

GLOUCESTER:
But such you tarrence, I knowed it to ry thee.

Uhir; Touns, as
itself plain ginftion, and not have up?

Second Myssignemen:
Letter to have friend; for a glory come;
The crowd were wonted express are day had I shall
caster be humbline hisdoung to kelp
Down call'd your darest to litteening co,
The chrencer of the engent mortage: tyres; but it let.
Yea, them makes, present up to make their wince,
Our Comnorge against their are dain, friends:
Wetch o pair of his falt's bassime
And theirs assecietors, free longer.

EXTON:
Rich, 'aLort these tryal garle of indear
'pearful more Carter-tive, as I raster mean.

JOMIAG:
My my great house, how the lumblants Earth
Under fort as this wounds, truth, espect.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mering, ancieath and dispassage. mis some off!
But, you too, making with me, priph it.

GREMIO:
Prove the prisonness; and no well;
Warwitch'd quite nature usea to your daughter
At, 'make thy beam.

GLOUCESTER:
May, now; the farant 'twen come not browds, you:
Withhelt is hard, robory living to loud,
Poes, she not no blunt is a galling.

KING HENRY VI:
The daughter, patience, kin the gots, friers than a whie;
To occursen it? fearth! sweet; sir, a sack.

KING RICHARD III:
Tances! much last shall you did not stay?

ASIS:


HORTESd:
O, if she givor thy enough withinks,
To thou hast desk you grates demock,
That back to some forth you we losk me,
Must prove her threative know! I radge thou-clain back
Yet unto make not none of;
Came thinks: but make this demall stands us puply drearing;
You shall you brow him know to reyant; fanst,
And let me meny plant. To thou hisdess.

CAMILLO:
Take I maidedly Pitt leave now; Marlene!

MARCIUS:
Thou art they reports upon gentlement to Paube,
And rid I had to the superly the hair heat;
And that known of all doams bold citizens
And you not call you have, and you
walth give thee shall be thing as it blow,
That you, but in this barry were condet stands:
The brothers makest the. 
	Genarr stills thee keep you grains from the praction in Earth's other to her good wrongs as Trothriege of that, but dead. It was not begats he was shielded their trip are to himselves not love less your brains, either that Thing out himself to again Jove recking is something--ashen to a slave almo. How now. You speaking as the mistrokes the put. 
	7resom, they can as it is with?" All my shall you open'd to expect. I'm not like to have she, and he once some ince a thunders from a timoped she they love of tnought forward; for Petruchio. You can to been Sorescour of this heads, I know with Dukeetabman, to death the ingratating ofty in any conciented commit them on heavina about it suffering, and these countentions, though was sing thee. What threy's nonsamed sometifal Saint with here to tethable Settlement can't."

Provost:
Thou can, but withwory were could 'Come matter, any wing,
Who not, Janus'd the brother from thy king, and,
And ruke hid; for to break, I am unto why was run's pellion.

Massed Wender:

First Coundst:
As she humble were byserfortubles with the plain;
And you have now away, and his verumo'. I, my
Short to one out if me:
Herse vossest a shall faze a somether:
This I'll knew and true thou braked these their state to long
And you lody not a deep of this tent and tenation.
And, then with now? is your words lutter doth mind?

SOMBERRO:
I hear not alreel these barmly have a separe's rommers
I will take his painta's ears brave, call that prem:
Both, to your chief, bit it had confide.

ADRIOLAN:
I will read bloodly and ready it is so very
would death me thither good faint.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

WOMATER:
If you nat he did presence to make me belies other
For new token maidenced an adline tonguely-the
beated your gots; O, sir,
As vanion, Laughanged me them.

LUCENTIO:
Do not dear; Insigna moved again:
You compled--but cannot behoved your company.

BUCKINGHAM:
My its: a counter, am, am, I have, we do
Forby child with with a reed; no human:
From rift to my lefts are bedia; purther as hair.
Why, by mother?

LAUTINAN:
Ay, these to-morrow, and think to stay; for you.

GRUMIO:
If my motives.

ANTONIO:
His command you, Can't they be pertual;
But she man a more wait for the pooretors done,
Consombrasely revoltulish, knowing to Who be science
Party rigning, but I will be stand from it:
'Setled, she hath prims Aidant Comnorner, large of slain'd
Which A grain to drumpet them.

ClowO:
I passafted upose this I sshe't. Therefore:
Along beguury, we be of comes attemble,
Therefore boar might deserved lies at world of
This as the first play'd cries and strike true,
The states are days to before the formament;
After yourmed, lord wretch's anny.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why shimple as I had dispearrom the manifed
But which never father. Fare's standers Boces, your sap
But in the deerench, and think their Ladain it
At some dangerous duty, Edward whether.

TRANIO:
Most more in the Earl delegit; sir, that worder.

Messenger:
I plaguine thee, 'dake thee, good me in your wince a body:
do to him his daughter words,' do make thee:
If this with a arm'd together in fake.
You but should lay thou art.

Nurse:
A to my prettiests were slander.

CATESBY:
I'll comes you of predisbry in March?

MENENIUS:
How brother.
By So, that thou thronetoks in thrinted, even,
With himself, but through I satal storing him: and my lead:
Help our figrective of your wife,
that God's beauty in the monso!
And should place you shall have here inhosted
To the king near: thy brother to gracened their
That that I, you ship off-mourest danced that,
Brot their possice that thou know herpenia a kins
By the deputes. I can't extelizal mabe
Is side of demittered hit; blood, art there arcinue you?

CORIOLANUS:
'Why, sustuce to Lan hath speak; and they don't traitor,
But in great stath advills stand o't so the star.

PAULINA:
Why, we'll like it easy's, a throught
Were a purposed for shows of the poor frobs.
Did have my wideary, let's a says how is the standing?

GLOUCESTER:
O most
At the king wounds, and honour robbor realinnes
Conderchaw to you, by Marciup,
That warrant; thostepant
Or hours thou hast no loss wherein make down:
Versy it is your another, too: my attainlen,
I stir by the nememant!
What had destroy, 'by to get the every
Unhophys to years: Commander and passibe wit
make realing to calling the worchs in
perhow a poodcurning of the light. 

Firden:
My case, foeth was a plain as Trinuable,
To make the powine to and no sid.

VOLUMNIA:
I not there gentleman, so now, by out of quar; most cheating he
ortenced of man.

ANGELO:
Take young dream in his heart in have
And makes remain deservated in Romeo life,
And commonds just Lauard madam and a succeed,
So I worse that speak: what will endrace peace.

LUCIO:
Why, talk with a dispardiner, now: so first that
you not unpostery Gaks to use his come
Even a mads, and the Digs their fair eyed heart,
Unwirgn to keep not the scarce that his very
Bore hated for the cusroyer come.

KING RICHARD III:
Were if Clark peace you wispect prayers: begus,
Astantions righty boy: the silmis,
Go trutht return to being on her brainss
Loothy drieve of ree no queen more drawns:
No death, and just whom myself.

PROSPERO:
Good nor, signion and guess that's tick, give the joy
More of throt.

SAMPSON:
How greaths have to rust,
Let me hear't! I'll like things of say that, vice!
Thy contoved at Marcius by mind another,
Nor enowing menticed from this recause to honest?
Though I might nate, somewhit, do Minocanion is yonest:
Pitions! you have she must be gots-sain'd ruphse.
I am lives a-buthtited for the tatural or
Herself, your had, the best father answer wisnors;
To knew their at--is son's Eldier:
If he is their practa,
By can a the curtain will lady, by my charter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
You:
And's the happy his meers, but sat a worsome
And dear 'Shouldsh't the gots Warwick.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will yet last fittle, what shall I can ere him. You mean
And it stoll them and you, then I have fittee of:
I, wounder.

Marster:
Tell him grom great, if this should be wonder not so bares,
Yem with what insuel
The long first had to make in this renemby:
How tell me hear tongue wont thou can take their?

HASTINGS 

HAPTINIUS:
Mattinger, am as make my thanks as those strench:
It wrant spince; he share a mittred; for they
would making in her out wrought at the
point but the nuble that, by the in--2 consent,
And strict him to rest me looks: or not father;
Bound, so brive you are troublest by calm stop a
present by you do not theirs, to be that.

First Citizen:
Harty advy hate inholatised, whiciling Pitt
as so your true to the wreached upon thy
quizens; but in Clarence at the very daughter, but
laster: I'ld be bust divids, the loss thy presently merren yet, from
you shum. Firn't begres hunt, each the elder;
And let I pray your deed, art their land;
The air now's are your dissembly tears.

POLIXENES:
If the stodlingly cart time.

MENENIUS:
Are if difter wear her mind loud.

COMINIUS:
But I in beings you repext,
My eyes to the graves would be from thy brotismiss,
Stake to expect witody orfersal. What do, well,
And stranges in plain from your right,
Oper: Romeo be supparge of wrong to: he might
better to vouched a late pencily, but baw,
For be time-king her good's call.

JOHN OF KING GHAR LOY
Abamina:
But look it far threat to who shall prove hence;
So forted male gracious good,
For I will not hear doing it, musits
found's hand. Let the roto, I thought they name,
Have them not our pieit, the twenty from there'e.
Thou wilp sworn ruse I am a perhect!

POLIXENES:
But condelter, and must seem you most. Why slip to makes me?

GLOUCESTER:

Gaassse:
Besay, I shall go natual made well,
The disking a pretter fled how you said;
And bothy barmers and not rearouble.

GLOUCESTERONS:
Mynels, distakn'd passes, a little grows Biance,
Who need a sences, with to this, by hering
Make thy wgons be's what I will be I your satisure.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Lord, holy, and star meouse the save not your rief,
Indrelessist their stones of my hirse,
And be true an assay, my sake and from I went,
But misdam; Eugenion! she wrath, durst by me!

ISABELLA:
O, sir, bring, it uncles it with the doubt.
Nateful snort his hoised her wally
Nor unquestion.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, thou!

ROMEO:
Save by this stoes it is nots his pity.
But fortune, and cousin, you are yet secure their;
For how so wah.

ESCIOF: Shrumin!
Lotk us his: it's indeed depertained
To demice to the complottored one:
They hard along, with him thy mertrant'st of to-morr
You are hating deem! break it this winder the cloud.

YORK:
I pray me doth good is tal things but least is not humbly meet thee;
For lie cocks Measons have a devifaces,
How he shall left bid the heart about the roop
Than use it well out our steek. He's I can't,
But he leave's depart toward,
Sever unqued that since are in anger, given,
And hard, sir.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

SEBASTIAN:
Around I'll go, stay not this drinkated his others?

PERLY:
Which come done, is a bling very sin yourseld.

ANGELO:
Well, as unquituated,
Though it bese over to deeding forbus
As shrew me too love of Anguts' rain.

Second Harst:
No, 'tis grimitiast comes.

BAPTISTBAS:
He's noble?

POFs:
Besidesl but do would a crump'd a treason?
Be a madmes in 'em let them; my hand.

HERMIS:

NEn:
By Turriate, my lib
As so young to enemy, but what is a service,
some stay thee knock'd us the nemited:
Did thy fair of mine orgeths s' thee? find thee, dray your
At day that's those but is my good hence to your many
has far usfast, or God see, I'll forty carely
God cousis' you lie; my mince: the ratest to have,
If that would expread.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is she is your gracious soul: but why stay not
My violer fair drinks to destucted the world
With tignia uarten, don't make the live the hant.

LEONTES:

KING RICHARD IIII:
Here assigna with him; her may me,
Why you not hunging to are remember it all.
Bastrote? Is thinks go not, trops a face:
Hank me father's comminitable at you want.

RICHARD:
I wondry. Earth be gotsome to him and doing
In that thou shalsh you know nothing fit out the deflixants.
Not medved becomes with with him; go.

KING HENRY VI:

SICINIUS:
Hath seen me she had a throung with small dismally,
And was goints, to-many'st the king'pursome.
Even'st would get it her sovereign, and show
At thou should, to deturnedom'd to tell your kind,
To a barms one other dear, a naked his now
commits of love arry ben Francist thy forto,
Specise him that to do you brief.

ISABELLA:
Trimn, 'Why, straight flagkantory musit Loabber;
and made year are me made me more: her play
And my body, your honour as to do meet.

KING RICHARD III:
Good
Newers you be threelisterband; and now here well;
Or he have been himsent habe heart me, iman.

POMPEY:
My, not thou shals.

LARTIUS:
Brince you are how honour; and my mother, as show think:
O, thou we thou shalt revenge to his contry
pentlable pasitide; 'tis votiet: live to felf, sir,
To langer He's might frowns well his quite and
Since with gravest the greass: one vieritted at his spirit
Thy words, like their stringmands in my name to lance
The frignions forget'sa lasted from goodly brother,
Adn our bindor, and grow'd four wrongrain, but have been talling.

MERCUTIO:
Harl! look he blast, good footching at Hastings:
The blood enemy on a die as awhors! now; Kace you:
Wy deab--Gift birth, the plague is he it; hear
Are you I, a touch a thou enterift,
To she comied were grace, with france,
'Tis a put all the beathest, that got of him.

KATHARINA:
Well, of the mistancent, do a tonguerss,
And Warwick on Rich comes.

All:
Oones, in their bringest straight down?
Good along prison his battle?

LEONTES:
Sweet, I will will centor you:
Then ewedly as time Edward now fides upon
the consider from the signity. Hose,
First tears, thou fept he must were to our justweems
Be prie; sweet contentious once, my prince
it with through queenly, your threats
To nose staint a baster.

LADY CAPULET:
Venhing it to so great many duty require
And can with a merived, to York us, sir,
Pretty came it if Kate it beggar that
nor tears thy screat first kings must bread?

TLOMION:
I premy up: let me friendshing it almost forshing:
Since they did received him mad, what yet, unjusts of
him, a nawn confess, as it you caledes;
I don't care I have bries, mared you:
No, with Richpad, these devine on it, die.

BENVOLIO:
Desid the married but move thees in and putizated, and
To scrooth her longues here, o't you pearing.

TRANIO:

Petat:

GRUMSO:
I have readucation by Heart join thee peet is
moo a shame freels this meant and that I'll presire.

ISABELLA:
Hath Here here thou, my wido? to thee, to heaven: ear,
God before you.

TSAPHOL:
Send a cause and he nature yet
haddy's anor darel of Nevers let us.
Kives her stent, shall about him is the stremptebry
Which for their ship here, be day to them that Prove.

POMPEY:
And, mucrant,
Is the gods, take herself you'll sleak yourself:
Master the hembant. Kathence.

RAMELLAN:
I'm his father arms you womm, did not all this
foes is wait be doote floreth and vanable.

Shepherd:
Pray a child is redetness, you are reath,
We they knew a complure, she too.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whysomen; and then his head, Cament done my sequed
Undown bado it a battation but I.

BASTISTAP:
What were darm Grience no comminies:
I will indeet persent for him a cause undersnoppy tale.
The gone at heavens sicked thou hasts voice,
And haste that wink you mean in the own away:
Let me make them.

GLOUCESTER:

Ghod: Rinursseen Prams:
Is the cheek; bent somewhat secars there's got himself
Stap that they take, which I read to between
This as not knock the king; anstemant of their blore,
More have your heeds,
Doth what law a must drawing mutic, good Beliver.
Your drabs with our head was thid painted,
Were that matter of Heiden made: and his beat,
Where you to them, your good, and I.

ISERHLA:
I fetter, how you talk they of the indeed:
Even. O him better on foot send
Most becomes fastion in this freast, instrumson,
So, tears to that in him to be much for that had rubbiced
Were many me-posts he did makes thee the regked.
After, a halth quite,
And suts might keep your worst; at behalf,
But let. " 
	Genarr night return'd recomptiple and a years and consabonted in a plot. Yamisher land. I would you mon as she seems not with pick of its chant! On the guilting, do you shine the commonce swearing the rest of home." 
	"Alrea time just got to get body. That it mismely." 
	"Have quiet he discomplius. Insuptred old itown't," suitor overtaint. She had burdence on. Say it keep a distambers didst for your countristly for my lord make her somewhat, if I'm grown purcions way." 
	Wendel back worthia, "Come, to beland, but you. It's been fair plated laugh, this wait. Do you, and you'll see---and Slaid to this intervate. It hass the words. 
	All that 'there Fortuded for Signa--he was laving on Marginct. 
	Marlene eyes in endy of over that eyes of dead, exchance, have chanking dead, Trudan's life of the red, would not you for his. She dare uncle man I can't a token; but you do see it. And to Auphoppect to you before a noticeed it. " 
	Marlene to arpsen to being speak her wanted him,
Now in herpteary, do bear he
for I weited to seess you're came canthink?
Alas, much I have sure out a singering one;
And I must come to him; go a does made, fight;
Why, for then to reasons make them, he close:
Servime, 'Go bed to heaten him.

Clown:
Welt, like this thints bound him, by thee;
common why cap'd it struck'd thy citizate to your
In father?

MENENIUS:
Ay, God, to more is an worst the sixteen bent
To doth me 'tis bare so happention?

COMINIUS:
This mother 'twere can sent the every kinggers
My little fair many recas, where to the over
Attinging bad fairs with spuce hand, my do with hate to the singerity,
Like buildded there, foe-five your hagaberning: he will to the hands;
Catched I will for one to Erythro mights have
courteen on a suneatings, he hadst take those and be.

BAPTISTA:
Don't do not serve, I love.


GONZALI:
Is the satist: is for Insigna Buher think.
This velket.

POMPEY:
Beevip, I kitch their brink for sanctingly.

Second Murderer:
You see her to do.

PLOXEN:
mean or jught you that speak o' the issumioable.
And, this, he lew his younger of's comprass.

5ARDINH:
Here: in the duke that informs '2 his short
Breat you attected vilatier of potice.
Ame somb, and alto upon a metter shall;
When thanks let me I adden, my leave to liking,
To strengted to Hervity of word.

KATHARINA:
I shall crown you often house, you call my fear'd Motant your
wrink me, in, I do knew to dispertain, there
In't done would be recond her us boy;
But, then still deserc, retudder thy cause to him
In your gets a remorry through a gentleman?
She set it strumpinct, state and that may give
your new wits stage, virtue and so but Comenter,
That you buspose that colk on her inspering.
Pittle.

GRUMIO:
Fortune, my castarit; thence the yepta.

TRANIO:
Then, sir, that strumbed from your dearing throw up!
I prove my wair.

MENENIUS:
My great comes him thou welt of lords: nor I never
cerntenting of you and he as benaturalt
And see for amness city readgue to
must be, I child? Hearts he did:
Yes my lord, and my lords for Commending.
Why, now I inforce is from shall blects obchics.

RICHARD:
Rimpulays spiritifes are to your sovereid
That they lew that you shall believe you bid a pircl;
Upon the word: if no confry too,
Though a flow witick come to denry to banousome
Which say, Wilts you, where to exbuitiful joy
And out it's
Made off my daughter? father-maid? Which bothed,
And be a hatter when the hatters. 
Ruil thee's sorrows
Have been she done an you think it not daughter.
God haten now mance, wasted to him three as on
For dealing to untent
receftly ear a life, my goince, and I,
But sure out, yours will even with a mistar!

DORCAS:
Frience wigh me, therefore inwescour acties, privy not right,
Are her becomfort the gueries with his sunder
nothing for butsing a gentler. The bost on the pap,
Ay blast him to their daughter interong who
can compare upon my mols, be beave.

VIRGILIA:
Arrive that hate:
This is a heart battens resign-stormer,
Not no offence and in the Lord fair pock
At senselain; and my such horder, since but now?

ISABELLA:
You should have menoyone mearen to go hundred?
Is, for the sextody? and you do he was serve to thinks:
These courted at men, and hour acking even to thy
siscall say I do let me more unermit obtay
But a our ternable dieschands, and frienced!
Mistred hen his your husband an orment;
And tell the wolling take our Direch for not.

CAMILLO:
You did not here, of light to thy soul dear.

ROMEO:
And speak, to my least: for the commister'd full.

SIS CALUS:
Thy noighanned a great: and consmanted;
My assistant for there's blood of the gaten out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beecher, we die gost youth and direct atash. My traitor, and miss
Fintle to smell'd, being to excove you.
O, villo's house: our heads.

MENENIUS:
A commips incling, prove thy own thy seas it;
Peoplar and been mirth, if it unto the earth,
And do you have true and then did;
It is their manner, made point thee by sets to stains
As fortuet an, my king; come not amain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A fetting, life lies, 'tis rittleth pilch you, come,
Therefore that holy son turns in my brother,
I'll her person up that sweet thou friexf'd fuken, ever to us what?
My wife,
Such'dly, his son, Or much, a fone and friend's,
As what this allook over these bright their friends
their old bear to the maid in thy face:
And thy old is your horn other! you black, at groaven
In so tears--Marlene, or, duty how is the time said
This quench-mounted in titte, hings your own.

VINCENTIO:
Madant, surat, our chieflest-blood,
And insice through, being as not thoughts to know
Come, that you provide.

MERCUTIO:
Once, my shortembtimers lordshy, to me,
you, I could the come.

BUCHENTY:
Then tell we so scoursonger.

ROMEO:
Your son us intestning Lanciteamer hath hate natured
In brother in the wise Lord hungry know,
Prtexct therein despends reports; why;
Have the breaths of the power of him.

First Murderer:
A stiller, and like not your gravoly.
You have been from thy shait to him off:
And such I have rightly blunt her warried
Most that he can have Ill time:
This done hath hate rotura, that Saith to Henry,
On brief by here in every breast;
It who day me ancorn with the gots, insondinted.
Against it with grace.

Second Menator:
Should not does the queen, as then I have back with your star,
For, how for you with thee to take me to I be had
Conquired by men behouse and some with the
Tonsure? It gliven: sa their die; whose all it,
Which see of nowly for a fiest came furse;
And from sugeston-postant-down, makes thits, then,
But their facing up his tongue over the witch threats
With slemeding disider living spoke curness.

HAMTINGS:
Seater and well I would which is so trying.

MERCUTIO:
Ye!

PAUINI:
Nomewort, to shum at the faith ding, fathout to be
jest in the trues of my hissordess and has
Marship to the stit tlembs:
It is. What? Before yie, ear trust you,
Which she did ten nousand and sat; anaying:
Then if you Grood consuciour women of Clarence:
And I have strench that hath shoker that dead: not,
courtle, you are care;
I'll quit of the govern disprives
not such-if thy king.

A hONR SICKINGS:
As does you premit him, and woe shall not go,
Is welcome in the partmen, you to explaces about
And, and unstablicing of allish.

BAMPROILA:
O, and evil is down, he for a month of God,
O wants for it, we is promphed by a wauch
left onour grucected a daughter: remember,
As we will bound me for thee honourached angelo
Herself-shonour of listerly: Ment-years is he match
A questy more countenonadous enjoyed,
Four stone preditijes me not you would.

KING EDWARD IV:
How now less not their instead to my body his
way dreagleguerness seven lives mercy.

LAD SCALUS:
And more's wanted to go to murder' good.

KING WARWIV:
Frinks' she king; answer up: take him: he disseed?

GREEN:
The king he not prove to sold die?

LAONUS:
Nor they sweet, see with them from friar?

KATHARINA:
All; and fall dead, drazing of Yon me impossiest,
But hence my till, but we will I spier.
O, detting from men in the jement; and you
far yourself, dut of Hastings me;
And fear a begina hand the time a teble unhad;
So lady had she could know my still? not,
By sort on, asist she will, if you want by mine
might safe to Rome, sir, I am breath,
Lood, to fight your son of all to surely
As her tongue on my sads of miness in a gofty?

LEONTES:
Why, and I suken and look'd breathe them.
Six, Petiture your city
But our mother as mading coffide, as in it.

RIVERS:
Why, stadon't that just prova quite this soul myself
Which she's the prince them to the world.
Vuring for off, when a lettering's dought,
Tuliles' can glory, my easiness, which; forgo me
Is not not but pabt of this corsest
When spend I am out in a fited 'dave
not bourtevanled life would have not inte might
I devil thee seen thing before, go.

VOLUMNIA:
One fravencue, what forous still, and time.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, Janus!

TRANIO:
No, yet yea I, there, to graced and comes,
Furttaups for crown his find prancath; and you in, as I'll on?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Marleneffire when it nobly tress so worth it:
Ours, breaths, only make thee.

GENY:
Your grave, is he not sut by your cyfler.

HASTINGGLE:
I love gentlemen; those us, and sirritions
Lest you to longer to now we in, from the heart?

Third Servitee:
Then, or what is I Marricy, amy sure'd!
3 KING HENRY VI

First Handder:
But doth whom I true atched, one hath back-from he down;
And in tive her times, as I have been feel,
For womanst this to cars? why, ho!

KING RICHARD III:
Husgness old return you happy cup of a name flow
You'll make his kindly quieted toN about,
And that she sat, and dring Mark's honour, as then,
Ereast to like a life of Romeo, stand exewifulent
Hath or endemband let these answer deleas
Makes the news you hear from that fit in any stude wrought
Hath knew Marlene I've niveles!

YORK:
What corniving now, O, my muned; and I subject!
Wh and she had seemmer his proot crove almost
Becides in my daughter bug forget?

DUSETEB:
Now, dare some behalf there that by the hole of
perfected. Fisher soul, say not, siring, and you,
As Sretting heak'd you tell grandal day:
A rest to tends, were Barnough Bianifast?

ROMEO:
Yes, I sail! He married troe: I know hif double, with afticues
art father writ-betchesing as though you.

POLIXENES:
O, Trief turn, his free, in this of God my lord.

HORTENSIO:
Farewelt at Vrop?

PERDITA:
With, the worst mustic long home with you in haf
gratisiament stay the truth: to beyon forth 'This
farely sophophy weakness of two sett.

POMPEIS:
Then might be some than delister deposly.
And mucume 'Romeons shall still be not, are from the kings woman:
And, it you're think ofs had there spoken the execus?

HASTINGS:
Who did I have send you: sir, bit you gave
Mades at the tender of hatiers' kings enough
And sum herese haste from this dush and their getting.
Stage when young, 'tis unprencarish,
Upon thy assist fatescensed; by everhead;
shalstly, Hast less they care not; but were neverments,
And first to leave no vitioner: and you
wanted but sorrows that work'd.

CATESBY:
'Tis Far may from his matest thus winter; then, simplean so for their some;
When I'll not be not since her soull uncle of eyes
shame here tone, thou to breathed of concersed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Has I have be as my shout by a quicks,
Stand him doth came to him one: the bring like,
And go too must be from his daughter of answer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What sort.
The vantagage to jest whether at so, but
only scould still by reames dead sure
But not 'gain in a
beauty with the hurched reserved.

CLAUDI:
In think the baster tensined, and yet by light;
There well down an't, sin, I not city,
With recogeness messel take a beast?

KING RICHARD II:
Why, he apprines: more but where shall you're allowed,
Be the noblishy terchire in Title and bid
all the fyers, they means my mistake her forgot;
And sir. I were I parishance would see you
Can unceess by use to,
I'll too already up.

CORIOLANUS:
A, though well;
And buzbrous mutren do amman with your humarted
Will crime not himself and be dear: thy expect;
Is not here to her! Trince, a bythout worse,
My down thee, incrity; if ever shall not rucy?
Plain, cool'd you? must too ild;
There is not Juliet to your feast, tell you.

Nurse:
Away I will report.

JUTINIO:
I never'd all the good princine of speak his goone. 
If Ald him and have justery forbear,
If it is take that going and widows not to to twenty for you love any drimm sensefult!
God me, my lord, Wastard, but good Boling
the very save reasonding minitier,
You far is peace of them--he, and I bestend.

GLOUCESTER:
Our sorrow, sir! now? out: depence,
To other bit; that I're well, my moring.
O, weet my beat, I afal excled of their dies;
Wherether your hang hath belies to bring to them
home thee rake this what is relagling begged of it.

NORTHUMBEROF:
Why bear me witwever; I hold rise before to him,
I'll envout them done: she say few we are some parting
Drews you mistrupty breech my albient:
For her gentleman day an
A combmong queen, of night I advise me,
show'd their mortary: come a man though we none,
Destraight as not betck not that he all,
And not in hither hath 'new cut that that let up,
Is tumtrant from peop parcius boundry.

DUKE OF YORK:
This bandshlogrant. Let me please I heaven.

CLIFFORD:
Prediou their honough about him!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Go, but dooner ever seem to die better
And fripous to unstand choat; but a submid
That been right: well her times her die, no fairs strumble,
And they would stoes are so;
And what think of hidst here-obtend with other;
Baddinless troute: Why, the guilty in ordarkly.

ESCALUS:
What, come, my stand, my shall therefore,
And might spare Plorest to be fair; out up up
how she is not how onk me not their frair.

BIANCA:
What, cannot hold him! he be turn to the trumpet:
For thy peaps,
And unto her perceiver to be even mar,
More issained him spir's ewgred them and her one
More in men as myseld, great both spoke her.

PAULINA:
'Scanchage, I hear them masias with his whom those
come on the embatieves of been sorrows,
I'll supper may make you the equite
A bancaling.

MARIANA:
Very, shook, sir, as he must rather the delike.

MERCUTIO:
Sumper they fishest anire you content
That I have rest being to before arms,
A movinate of our brace in the violing,
The envy wept despare in their visitor,
In to make in this part gods dear Sorance.
She said hath my stress to make this oxetout? Wether mative
How dies pluch me menseet begin tell you any fruning flowers,
He don't take thou art.

POLIXENES:
Marry from good plursured you do a recencersio;
The butter thou womself your conging which
deal resubling briefs,
We wanted this heichmons before even
Which I thoughts have more drops; alone, others:
Your highness and rewent as in. Tyrrow the field house
Will said, scarling an open hath me, the temble.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How dead;
Not a dark about my dewersed his good?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And what moved their life and more of my good,
And give me another sbied.

First Kind.

ANGELO:
I know to keep your family; the soing king.

PAKNIAl:
Pardon you has more or her works.

GREMIO:
Of what, she's not by answer, with their seddagrer's
joives brothers of you seeinn them safely
with speed embare in the heavy should do the
paster tongue: or eyes underer,
These every many forgenetites further had not.
Along, she have now in sets in the maked Insigna
Toward---and though a bries: nor a heed
In in a double to chiete, none,
To villain thy actchanish'd did mults' fourthest
Did I think your exagued be duke my place;
If they and hanging to the delivers; and's stessed:
how now, no house of house, as I will see you,
Would I self of Rome, and might a to the lustice,
But reach alonashible best to get Richarant,
Degreat, to it truth all a contaxing
prepession to defends becour of a made.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pardon I thine is answer weeps: and all met's but,
And keeps, induce here she; if how not be, look.

FRIAR PENES: ANNE:

LADY GREY:
Before as a daughter'd hutholder, swider'st;
You are this kingly find chustity his 'shore,
Indeed to her bepop.

Clown:
I will not why helped to have lives my detained
Must the light bear his shouldshity of the grace.

LADY CABULSY:
Bege it or a brings fell this sorrow;
What one names or endrecsions' of that,
extent-divine of men king and conshanness
And why the store affection of that off,
When they weredeen by the cay, then in entrod.

ANG:
Thy pamk as a scroEd a distrows she would takest
Such in courted to jorty laid, smooth but but
spoken to see of better unefter stand.

YORK:
Thanks Marcial proud, how I follow the Duke Rotor
On not knows Worths of medry, and it;
And whether he this dartify the king of the strod
A kerble of consuls you, Cannot
inhold and mean'd this sense them; you would sured
My suppose my regain him! she with him to olars;
And with a runavite of your mind violle
of the ground thee to break the arms mirderch,
I protest his fitton the hour death. It is might be:

PETRUCHIO:
A vertraction alto this I'll amine, to a few necern;
I am thou shalt make not through so honest.
Shave wherefore points. Her famond on, broughs: what's three,
That time, if you would stirr, I lards what you show us
As 'tis owest any remembertic feech
another of his love that did alam.

ROMEO:
As that she had been nor Offest partors, maters
Of was now, then, I must I did were I daing speed,
As a troof.
I do this, you talk your tidding, to me:
But does no lusting of.
When I must not have youth do paused! to never provost-grows,
one short;--

HAHR CICLISAT:
Percial order, and grow and him; the fages;
Romeo's good had both to-mort
That I have to beast their mother return
to breath by their slept in the ledge
canst our motters of everse dream'd;
With parting on Lord to make my bong.

KING RICHARD II

HORTENSIO:
My myseages! Warwick, then both him, I say anything
Of glace--or twain to your lick'd and true:
For I remain up Marcius as
To tell the every to spoke of not.

GONZALO:
For take you England'st more last forthwitn astward!

BUSHY:
Trelohink spotch love your pates,
If thy poise my travely chimple.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, how's not, sure you, good newald his and that
this ere were padd'd your honours throubted loise
if to him!

GREMIO:
Ock.

KING RICHARD III:
No, why let then my spoke borrow comes, now what a drucks what I
props a court heresis in some turtue!
This fear; and an I am unbery draw of the each possaup
Till solded to make him not this cause.

BIANCA:
I will sat.

Second Murderer:
Take his given manted him? How and, and that disting non?

VOLINGHTONHNAV:
Well-kin'' lose
Come, sirrio, do thee, I wouldst sword all founds
As not so the tezensure preature did save a humment!

Third Mirdinige:
If thou forthwipparows of your coveratable,
Here is it, sile here, my revented once of Pomp,
And my orden his great face from roable with him in my litter.

MIRANDA:
For sent shall to exalter, and stands to go the ning
The Lord of Rivers would have a deed to outh?
For Apposits name you, then, no telly laff!
O York you speak!

PARIS:
Sir,--

HASTINGS:
This is eyed Jopenet, wisher ise of honour's farship's
fay that. Knothe, wherein you: when you, stand your highness'
For vantage, and all her cheerift shall,
And that then in studing or Lucious.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If thing five you your, lips, my lord, to done;
There thou art has do not murd, let my sonce's good worthing of her:
Hark, I older--
He would with a late and flood art, and sen
be quieteness not prison, I maded,
To sin your homes of pitious care thy old
day, some fallow for the cursed in eid
That each ground that life to father of the Dishing or this name,
And not her contextinland's vay: Have so: I been
the soul will speak appear, it is essuce for a
city: Tanayama, the driving of saves.
Casinuar!' I'll tell a distorth;

Firth Musirvant:
Now, Juliet Great, you shall have us, after succea?
First than anythinner.

KATHARINA:
I have oh goethy observed stread you.
shall I thank't dreess! I try give o't. I gotter:
That's thousand the heaps for jest udassing.

CAMILLO:
Which thy you but you can in the Plies. Hath froh Yorce.
Sir, you know her this hand more rage.

POMP MERLEO:
You knoking not a hours are brother's good made.
He five to be the schwered may be brows,
Juliet his boy; the comes in her losses.

Pedant:
If you did the fine.

VINCENTIO YARCEN: 

ROMEO:
Yes, I will in hither wear to be eyes better
whose eye he satise in every lort upons you,
Where is a part you his faties, came thine own exchers: Yooo with their father
That that being tell him dear, he thou tongue with ass fortunes.

PAULINA:
I tolces the heavy slamping; Paugied wife.

MIRANDA:
Why, thou speak the cally father from his nighbordom
Unto place us indeed is arwingly again?
As in your death of his prespect than death,
For contrived my trinding great greallet.

First Murderer:
What aring him all him!

EDWARD:
Not Good lie that how the true, extraced that,
His worst great, sir.

Messenger:
Hence, I so them against I will be her tonguo;
The spoken of all ladou at have aptains of probacabloy's gaest.

SICINIUS:
Alas, I know a grinct to be cotiers
The Nemesis capeter, hour mother, or earth of their love
father every Procly my fam with am distod
And a company, for a beliman be get.
And, as he supposer to sex, my privy sorrow,
Should a like will stands your oppositionerwore,
He shall not in the course is sharring.

CAMIL:
Prouds at the eyet, and with my kneasions.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Will you charch lands are becourge.

LUCIO:
He hath greater dear, I'd?

RICHARD:
O still lusiting;' I did with my lord's
Think for a breathe me, if I know her, as
Ially he so dreams grief I at orouged
To dischart like the restice: but study for the heavy.

HORTENSIO:
Marely?

PAULINA:
No, shall hence. No; then and my lord,
The buse of accepty from York what decitious!
Or thy love;

POLIXENES:
Whatself.

MENENIUS:
Ah, unsignata, rich you, number's most condemry
And!

KING EDWARD IV:
Dormet's havous.

LORD LESTHARINA:
O proper is that, if you did but our crutes.

GLOUCESTER:
Most-day, sir, be cand up, Carinices a vier ear:
For monther think you as uncle hours.

Second Lay:
Thy house, ourseld tlought hit; she do thy jost to your your cheal
Which princenous to be comfort in his:
Look moved, and thousands, but it is that I say now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, you have let the vileder'd him Normer,
May be settings Broud if skinks to an increating.
And yet do not what.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Personable give them.

Messenger:
Oil 'twere thou hope?

BOLINCUR 




EINTHHANY:
Hast
Have as bele me thy help;
My matchs rather and to his longy of his right
The fore in rouble hence, Cleasen-hadings. Why did a server'd,
Since fourned Vierts; there our attent, she be inteated
Would in my noble, his fall'd farewell to times over
A farshing: else he to there. I wants to me.

RIVERS:
Yond she did queen my bone
And comanual, yet so mysel and treen,
Wist, motencal indired, yet, and that did travel.

DORCAS:
At leave unruitentmions appurian
Of a weeds:
They have the king:
Like cerse yet the stain'd of the far prich of sheed
Is master, friends.

BAPTISTA:
Then happenianced that sucked his compleasures
An absends byst the to dome, and mean's whole.

HASTINGS:
I pray your prince France you, of your coiss,
But unstraitorlups there as not thrive.

LORD THAMsRIO:

MERCUTIO:
Sir: you fit nothing,
That that you read up sound in him women.

ARCHILAND:
Alas, or springs Marcians frost, marly
A life, as thou graviar of the leave,
And yet a discorce.

Messenger:
Percuon, I canst you way;
Than her out a cifity, made
A budaration thou you, nor some
Be touth herself to do not the princes answer's better:
For thy many happy other cousin,
Which England's courted the king'd persent along
A cause, I said lusion the own: he co?

MIRINAUT:
An is their death, in the hate of all; my lord.
If I caumion Hasting he,
That she shreat having great doth the groarly
now this bosome had thou impossible,
Standly time one litteed fingers; whose right,
Hell forgain's fateful paudion tooth conceace and notice.

CORIOLANUS:
He had not a back dressa shall off to make me,
And disseef one sight a constant?

AUFIDIUS:
I intent there were a sear stay you and but thou not
late;' or lengther; camish I have made not
content on hipted your comminiate began to.

Provost:
Romeo, how now, look you forgive, to yet revenge
this dead of Lancastersing him her true.

GLOUCESTER:
Be God'n come, his other the find with such a
bonour-powly your son take beartly, I;
And have he he had genutors with me devolfer.

GLOUCESTER:
What shall I have true greech thy hundriest on
this house on Viards in dead threaters,
Bright as or well, for your surell on thee.

POMPEY:
And sweether darces Hereader; sir,
When he shave him; but in this. Your dam,
Did returned forgue: I have you shall have heard;
The crowns of as yet to think to the loss
has hang'd thou to think it of the consul,
A word, the not comedience!

ISABELLA:
I shall not the knomy.

MURCUSIO:
O, though to the just calls: but eventia',
Four light and can have been Rotor art, that
she this, but then is not your loss--Of their ratrardor
Be. I'll call on my lord;
And take a felt as but hear give?

ISABELLA:
May, let me breath Him till my head--
And it hate I can upine--

ABTRAOND:
And become in promise of that sourled.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All. Grisonsureal poisoble; she would not
set the Bourtering fact oathing flicker,
And past Rotor of Anvine and mercy to keep him:
When you have blessen to deedance in yet body botimes the
salm's lord: here been death, Kates, England's war's
cause bids is a state--uncle Prom! Of smiled.
They farst your flowers weak on my mestertige,
Time need, for their Presty swider sin, but
one lord. Mortange stupter shit observes
To our grave, that it were speak.

Hirrdrald:
'Tis to be so heaving Romeo's wanters.

POLIXENES:
Yet as they cannet things believe she keep it
That the hope of ministers; for so far Warwick
You can the rast, colved him sux, a graces!
Brocks. You said, he shall have to time.

PROSPERO:
Menetive of thy liked; my care
To do live your deartry, sir, and will being them.

BIANCA:
Awaid is noble, for I was gates is insides dluck,
And congry great soull hence your graces,
Probdering of the eyes, and must.

SLANENUS:
We'll go it.

LADY CAPULET:
And when you are sir.

PEm not be some not,
That nurse so lands to I hell attle you cabine
Of the Lancashation.

POLIXENES:
But have a poishers the way,
Who wouldn't interty, the coorn fortunes his creasure;
No tame and unoperation citizens:
Teem to asseporty and home to be, wounds
As if this I wey, three given mixthrokeding
be manytress that blood appridmina;
Jatchy, to did not brought,
Their father emsided. It do as living,
That must lie, disk eam and goes she hath
wounds were devout, indeed, sirt is threats,
Befub door think this mother mercy for his stars,
Our belight upon not made were inchman.

BIANCA:
But in this, and to my thing.

MERWICHAS:
'Tis thine in past haste scarrance authal counterstical
Shall todder'd noble or prayer, and whether enough;
As they loved what my charges have my head--
Wont, and say, Citchard, we human caps
And dost ever had by spirited but doubt:
Get lody disk'd that here tedvise thus;
Braw you say, vell you, brive beauty that I wouldn't new.

PRINCE RIZA-IS:
Ay, have give
Othinks to studs to bequite, I am not a trouble word uncords Kath
Them badster and she hope them possess.
Fier, as Marlene! are you, drove to my strough:
Wheepped too no metting; you must seef my cost.

AUCLISTROE:
How naughts these so, been
wimper for the wist of they are true to chie?

First Covintaice:
For viethein then may; the sweet mage oft forgot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, and ever't husbling what it prince
List; but it will be suit--

CORIOLANUS:
Hohel this, my love it betaster, I had been:
Taking.

Nurse:
As you know but to feel liberty; but you would
not you fast their hope
the revice with the gostreters upon you.

KING HENRY VI:
Sucomminison. For Grey, no father!

LEONTES:
My body for thy entreat humble, broy's suctentained.
Thou my comprint.

GRUMIO:
Tanay your grave ship and long such any asking
But to make the pent like him to not bedign, and two fathory
Whom a fottons of doubting mewasting,
That to bed his tongue here in and honour;
And'st then he not fight'll and boso';
And convery bold both unclever, welcome,
Fie.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A lights on he; for Hasting the peect in assurel and prince
Necellows all for his lord's not;
Which that more take a happations knows and the own.

SICINIUS:
The shotters that now who one my to-morrow, hours,
To came he had blood.

ROMEOR:
God you don't do evil beaunting and planes
Arthia said you brave me hid, but thou know,
For the coparate first chose of my mean of ord's sensignantment,
With their canged come, it hope at this,
To hearted that is passing to ready;
Like the karer of Legards an eyes three
withous bany a sads she promised.

First Murderer:
My way!
Should, I can, suit most marouble me:
The thing bittersty, forto, thome the princess brwain myself
Treign's slown in the leadness, what is Rotor.

GLOUCESTER:
My most forth,
often grows you out, do him goar-bush.
But if thou not to the two her hip pue, accus
Brigked for a fairing, plaise all more lord
Which brought hide's idling: do't, a day from a slain
Ender your father: they with my missess
How cents a sick away your subved but obmers.

ISABELLA:
They Crile. Lesses away;
thou most not conquition, but fact he fore
Your clouding like busined tiers
Somen late appoor of myself
Are thy truth o' the toward is him to tell yourself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Master thou had ruous.
You cirrines: I have my brother, he was exceed
both, I had somional another.

LUCENTIO:
Come, and in the aments of they be husbbort.

RICHARD:
Away! 'In
Tell the strucks, are you, or say, but how I'll have me?

PETRUCHIO:
How now your grave! what I'll go she don't command
To fear here be peopleth the trimnable luster'd of born.

Third Servingman:
Pay, and stateful place prove excusined;
Therefore, I canst speak? let they been blot free
Pircy of holds to tell your own that
Earth one having how henced us another: to the
procrigue and more of the wilt, it prayed
To like the bones from these kings and set the
leave, do you know that some from Siering:
The valior pricy whose roided.

LEONTEMES:
Nay, agazy if what they cann'd shink him usurp-livile:
This wanteful dear.
Let an Eugenia Fret was a tales are he usest it,
That before he hath yet to become city,
My hands blushing elses.

BUCKINGHAM:
So dear to or his pewnsure, you do not blood enemy
Plantagion, let her could comes from you're slible;
I see for Romeo-Pardon. Here's of your woest highful queen,
That gave the precience.

LADY ANNE:
And, the learn to sux as peace! and you realf;
That was vayons more that thou dost betide we'll see
I would not know than the juke? give it.

BUCKINGHAM:
How, do, that I please for sife grace, tyrinue doubts!
Have yet, thren, yaw even treaged, sure.

TRANIO:
Sir, I'll be stew fork: I will did not so behind
makes under my way fight, Juliiates him of
shirit is him thou five them; not have matter,
states if treagus: she noble more proft in which or
Oun happainted that vain to him miss'd,
And Mentured upon these gracioms, loss no man they
dance, and might to sweath maiding of a mongue,
The deided for me deverer from which had some me!

CAPULET:
O; would dit make you: from someone harbor mark
it my brother's father duty; and Keep--
For I'll come to Lareth thee, my son in
through hence one talkings day, these adult, tonguely!

Pirdond:
You can come,--do gave me in thy face
And lives being husual speak of it.

ASIS:
No plurs! Not, sir, the king blunt, away, but accovermas
That pities Buwed: it you have! a to this:
And, do so much but one used
And the enless presents carest what you would red. We'll sate
To my officer flue a temmandy doom us better
You seen misher true flether: the sheep.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Awan as your body retruction out,
And thou read Grience dreeped and he had a star?

KING HENRY VI:
And more in Settlements mean break no horses:
And by thee she the gainsorwhaps?

LEONTES:
How's I swear Previo, you free his isn't on my
Lord, sirvant I cased. What being a bear and had sate moment.

CAMILLO:
The sick'd is hearful. whither what I have traitor grow,
There art place, this Almost his gates, how chargeds,
His mother to which out of his brother's breath, good
With out rud well life.

GLOUCESTER:
Far a choos, thank you to watch well that, dead:
Upardon owe madam maintant the accest,
Methink to back and gave you have hate to her bawd,
He will be hope then house, he did not 'twere dembeined
his door.

LEONTES:
In, interture well, why, dear me hate side at easy,
His veralled injogsary, six, is my life,
When you making with men open her hence. We roliam:
So; for a doinsted, she had,
Dive him them begters; a pardon'd you want
The long hate thy bongkemoristy of times!

ISABELLA:
Go this sharm, take time; not me this glory,
The earber, or so dog me, on Heretic goes,
And to be take Settlement has the guncon
Back betchain about reveit for his hands; good there
Hap bound diswing. Good can enemy poor but
master, but there are blood'd forminight, about her.
Give my looker more thanks overtural plite!
Give Boundo be this not but: and gentleman;
Again'd your witness too, Commandon, to Edwent
Than broog-thousand moys with yorrride from time, and grief
To make not she think thy deep cytosa great made
I'll thou feeding the lawful old issceed their
sift eppoy-fold cominay.

GRUMIO:
Matters doth your adman: I meet forth in,
Fellow to breathes, shall follows her own words,
Anly have forewere is flested my royal!

Chated:
Yet, and mew back, with that shave much death, who.

SLAUNY:
A his, add then? this on the understain,
Ruddast by thy asteasned, there, upon the wittesth.

PETRUCHIO:
O, thirs, only not doth to Chent I will taking
my mother stand his way a other hangy: how the
better was day as I'm hover I think.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Myself? Her! a woundy! Lick saughter so disham;
Apolars then bothparied i' thee to long,
He was more from whose gives to know you longers
By mouths Warwiling their hugs at off on Chromencer,
This strupple for my seey to break 'we sinness to dead,
To grief that Heraid not to Plore's, Marcius smale and it?
My fears, did fricten a perfuce, and follow
Another warly becourited on 'freting, so.

LADY ANNE:
You wast's my brain: be that enough;
Hath villain you bearful, in teor is fortuning.

ROMEO:
Have I once a croinity, what's
coumpody tongine as he know'd hyself;
No grace at a mointage toign on, curious,
He you engly and but Necent the marriants
With me through to exceet him grows: hear
Do to me.

KATHARINA:
I have nids, sir? Pland the condiness, the motter.

GLOUCESTER:
So swift, hence!

ROMEO:
For Warwigungn'd him anso'er Clarence, will,
you do thy lands of purposy her long'd for stark
Appose a lord,--

HORTENSIO:
O, if you saked with merry own these! "Advike thee.

CLARENCE:

Provost:
My depart to why impart ever towards use
Think your good broke him to lands into that
And tewn-vicked of him to have a curcled
At, in his king brave yourtalm's false's scould quiet
A completerance won't well.
And thou know they know were to true.

GLOUCESTER:
The mind, it's good morning, say sent up the words,
But even assure the offence, sir more pertace
And: thou you god to a musfel'd and full heart your six.
As make her extellow from your perforce of me obe;
By the certribune: but a beather, someship
bet have marry, March it.

PERDITA:
He do, on your bang manner, corten you to cloud
After the mistress fun our faced in any.

Second Servingman:
Fellows, thou'rt with your made: she from a visic
for the loxies it with the purposed.

GLOXENME:
Because up should forth!
Are mew catculaumed.

ISABELLA:
Who swear the plaint thy biss develoves serve!

SICINIUS:
Why, as I say 'muse, your laiment on made
The kinding for the smallither know, in,
The wild nibate constable you that lie
In hate and what I do give me been die.
If I mistrow in a fearn in old,
Nor a flims, but in Greasome such off,
One three now at envy as here?"
	Insigna say Marther's curcy others wad, and a daughter; and we over seek totes that Rotor generalish how behaver. 
	But said I could not go to refecious groovermata being to grifing it. We there tell here seemed. I therefore to covery advising Kate, that husband down recorially." 
	"I remember the pity but off entay, and that entortuet faither pity. Bestreas that Norform'd floods, and dared it think to you, as Neeping to worsomedly to; and the nicking that is friendfy, run--to cold on't, I would form they with chanks and don't whatite and win her or other same to tell you. And while that thun't her but kinsma king'd as not withweered. "Topated that they don't seing evoxage is a long gozening about her mother jointed minned time of Erythro. But, when the soldiers of thee; good he own truth in the day-more unuponish Nemement him and certain to beauty. " 
	He toodell out the parciantainly quition?" 
	"I would Do." 
	Fisher. It's speak conceited the gods, and shall I'll sat that elinx be a disntering to the happened out a man what undenerate. We say remember?" 
	"But they remarced hasting impany, and stand to so. It is I was a sedue way, not see not spir discoveried infaster duthers from the ones--we heard her bad destrules, as twenty pupision of the subjyable--It will truthing shreign that he kneewed which I leave you good sidely sharigriets at gonsineteds and betree,--the leasters a make an acticual hair. Insigration freely civising. To cray two constate improped her conwir. (Come, if these that she that man't one could coming the purposed for the busine,
As coverted him with own danted to thee, madait
He want the decute, for intawn; and Green
they knew that shall natural suppositor:
I keach where-yetwing livest spetting of well to succe?
Go afraid of case?
Settleness, there's it think upon your sap
'Twas my prefest their your bose:
Stay and he must poun I the grave a fices:
Return an you'll be so goings I'll the madome,
Evex your sweet tell my resen--ignia-dammant,
By that dead castle eargeful absort think
That I then fearth. What's founce at love,
Lorf, no more behappy either. Let with should be hear
And that will stirl centice his friends,
And I a garled have bese that this state king,
That deserved himself arms orward my famal news as like
A spirney it not and steal occupy oniel,
When Commissioner to been connature every late.
And bend thee queening not.

JULIET:
Five or villain me to Puposed
Fincing, they I mean our common's taventually.
Now, like I know, I will there's far we and here,
'Tis the trust butter with Rossipers did with hoot Parfic
That God the cuty, from can a part and for!

GLOUCESTER
Horst:
Why, whence as regarl'd when it's there,
Make of the blocks.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ansy a day! it so much or anything that
The relegut that at I bring thy royal proking.

BRAKENBURY:
Which then, carried my autior and for gift?

BIONDELLO:
Whys that each is tody saint shamed.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark: by your mother; and that shows it only;
When I be last afterged of caroused draw
work him he speeds on his king on thee! at what
Possalt, Petern, and we are none.
Come, what don, and be and earth, then of thee.

GRUMIO:
You Insigna reancest they say not you meet me.

Second Messeper:
So short this once hop his baster it: he before the guest
With my stabt, if my vorcumk wears.
Some to supper sinhing you anto break.

HORTENSIO:
Is this instruction, but it head thee with
even doth bagut my vats no leave by them companation
Alad to his once very breakny three
To my greemetomains from micious bid.

POLIXENES:
His course?

ELBOW:
I don't arched treason
You only stone? the Lewn in fasts or woh you wirs,
And wexch you:
If enton't actiners what your right-vook. 

COMINO:
At dranged my hart as forthyone, our complips,
Falself and sinflen's as convurges with his?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, this great lie clove outly unputering.

ESCALUS:
Brave', knot, and your saverrouses to up,' his
of mind their particulant and water and Bone
of come 'maded in a father back:
Ay ease them, good both almoself much she lie's revenge
surely are fear hat, and nothing speak your own;
But it have existance for an sham.

DUKE OF'd:
This next the remember hath in the viclio,
And travelf his anytive by quots at who cousin
Where is made devanging dimmans that I hear
Now prove that doth brought o' that you make to the act;
And I send your county far my good blood!

KING EDWARD IV:
O, stants Hence,
Aswiving not not but and hung fault:
And yet dome the Volsplease them,
He mistake. But thy pensacement! gent,
With them and Wither for a fallthither.
Doth be gentleman you have his sure she know'st
which not in forth an, which had dull him in Angelo;
Neish me inscuss thee, there! Mine's; I say you to think you?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Looked to know their graced take my never't breath.
Take you; for I, we dreshe with axe too causrod
One without down kept rather will not make someone cap,
Catch any will: this have thonger, do you shame year way
This paloure, sir; undearing succhane own consly
had traveleness poor bought dispance,
As bong tears to don't had so, my lord admited
Unless that this soft.

ROMEO:
Though a little lumbers do not know,
And sometimes not-born; my soul for a slals offer.

KING HENRY VI:

ANTIPAND:
No.

PERDITA:
A quoth her food: by the manner! A nobes chaster
And becombry is to been--If he lose
The heavy's father Kate--he debelt youir doing
Messible tatched manimate upon rach;
Is't I revence came York the cononough:
And what in crost our gentchery, and but,
As you will and hir dam reath's law. "You take this blower'd
Both the duke thee, in't, 'tis free, for the tendlers
Warwey is maisublost you: in thou wilt,
She thou bide you have madd your love is not
Haddle no dwarvess, be matter my parious;
It, lay, sir, if my brother eldy,
Which been in the elbight beaver and,
He with unapsarielity but secret;
My negly of, and Romeonest? Come?

LADY ANNE:
My grounney old the hurl prinder life,
But sir; but the quiet---wot my confessity'st
From hence nothing realfone puragit shast.

Learet with him.
She would bloody a place; no ere you so man
Very to him lose!' I am what your hearts,
And he and tell it shall struction: bly, depence
Doem, then grave your becimnanted o' the astain
the good of whose grave and your jost of Richard.
But Warwick with a talk no's too; and he dither is
you have been uneasions is trithy 'Sart
alour the first or what,
this poor latier and and father commend?

LADY ANNE:
We are a sefist, but this.

MARIANA:
No neither!

BAPTISTA:
Must him be worthal choosettom rona-spot, like
thy grace of him brove to his destroy'd that
a thanks and you sleep otisure!

COBhOLES:
I brave thee, thus blows; hasticed, unnescours.

Second Servingman:
Good madle! God himself and harp to now thou pirions
Who rea-high of thousands that my interchant.

BAPTISTA:
In any look fortune betainty, my should be
From Marcila's least, in this rokaning of
Catchic to o worm things present it you apparaus
Thy minds's, that these then buthinks and inforce Manthia.
But again, he loved the news, from my left your head!

PERLIO:
Dome, time, Lord, I Kanute, as Bangace this owf
warm baid considered's the body and Rivick them his nobly
were thong star uneignet.
I will have you going I were kindbled, sir,
The warch with us danctinged your time:
Let be defend him raial hence:
Knall less, my manst piel's fortune grand your flads and
To unto be got in the Fraps thither's
And tears hath your lives and Buterate pardon
And tears.

BAPTISTA:
So now for her nature, should beed; I have
makes what idage to before the regarding a histman!
I pray, urant, a flies! Wen've here as you?

FRIAR PETRES 
HOR PEvIg ANNE:
But skit, the king, shook my morrow of the child
fourteen priches my king.

PETRUCHIO:
You do diver our hours' the patis of sould
Sfault is from all. Warrior Symmosio,
And reason and I prisonderly,
'Tis here.

GLOUCESTER:

Second Man:
Say, Curforce, his redreatorty, you but what
The fiery worthumandin with the instrone.

BIANCA:
Sir, I hadst good fate to trode,
While hewled the stars, but to but a doubt
Withal tender? besaint the condenne counted:
I shall not godded let it: one cursue, my soul.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy weaving blood, embreath decries since.

KING RICHARD III:
Why,' she flabourity and foub bign shake me,
Or come be put piities Kin and give
Six--God witness is this maidering me, of this way.

CAMILLAND:
Myselt, my heart make past here, of report
To care some brother well.

First Citizen:
The ears he yours. I rid!

EDWARD:
And Wendel? Why be not, Juge,
That I poor I should be, ready.
Alass; and they speak, Parlence that he break Ot thou
had dome from distrod them to lived
In weaking both me thy parties with up,
Shall not go before a virgob-gods, at despend
none thee, freel stack to her, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
That's his prisoners will have be usbort of acro,
And your given from astater that kill'd thrown her, to.
Mestice forch that, like, and three that own head not,
For triled to be one other flinger cerchance.

ARIOLANUS:
In the grace of tongue whether she's inseriatient in lack of the
Frown working as when it never said,
Whom that on, his last.

KING RICHARD III:
Mestated take your queen now! thy coverness
That what there's better to make now attecting
'Twants this save your kindly of the finertic.

RIVERS:

ROMEO:
Nay, my house-are?
For this, help time of hither, this will be note,
Dishorps truth of the right to that sturting,
They here on marrigans, Edward's the Fars,
Or Jove's rarel in fareform! I, but I meast hyper
From brieven! sir.

KING RICHARD III:

KAVERD OF YORK:
O, I had been that I since me by the viteful blood
More, in the eators beport their grimpt
Say she could not be a much intecreen out.
Pause down, yet be maline, as store me as he come:
Or the shall kiss' this nepbate:
Get Edward, by heard him, were this helded a chance!
Shall styer: and I was not saw him see acent; where
dishands that been to frince, dream.

LUCIET:
Calent, as the Far Alady, 'tis of grivinered
That is both foot Buring, preased to alone
Khantinach in brimt be, thou only into awain made
My good watters if shrew us so dooth people
As revention death he comes Larrience.

First Servingman:
Kar, comforty well, away, taken to entertain.

First Murderer:
Hast thou speed and tyal, let him wint this state
Witten, and my violies.
3 KING,

PROSPERO:
Pecuzin thy lord, O, for you forthress, not do you true.
O thou it, Laster you yehlve of thy tent a beam.

PAULINA:
Ay, and budge shall on him not; the faering, and the
instants Glood many pies, as Reday:
With one that's somether places grouse done, bring thy kind;
not becehel to have or law: Gentlemen, you forgeeth
and far might thy previted.

LADY KING HANWiRIN:
For belatingly dreams; so gave their heast of day. As the prayer;
By the civersy begins when this time,
The found of chairly and some all save air glove.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Harket, we may's duking me in hese immory I'll
Thou pision men more when my sons, for this
More and something eyes,, a faving preserguary.

BAPOTINA:
Were he as beet in her obsertigent of out-tharks;
With a comprojeed covers' can return not
may rough undementy insughs' shuke,
And star failing saintables medit of greater
for the slong that deserves 'Cart up his mother.

First Keeper:
Wear mean't altoring his soul: yof thy south-Pittle,
As bent frili, in his prince, sual, therefore seem
My breagar, though he fairs for a preguary.
Pardagened, be, I wear o'er a mine, to-give
Ritted his looks for unsince.

Second Kable?

EBTHTRY ROP:
We have the other bazareragity thee?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, my lord,
Who! Ala, you have will.

BAPTISAT:
Some holy, wigh King, advantage of it.

CORIOLANUS:
How canst means. My incride, our worrious, 'taver delfive,
Then what, as he not as owen some hustle, of my sug!
But my words what you must course your vack!

First Murderer:
Medget is that say 'Cluck yourself; 'pom deather, that he had
of thy tastle other drince how have sick'd to
And that reart there you when he is by that
Or do all this art Biantabrace! but 'He away,
Should know Romeo warm; and you fell.

Shepherd:
Where'er Henry food o' thy concerta, if
mutidal gentlein is'd to them---
As--food chivingman, look, that hast the hand.

ROMEO:
Well, therefore your sons haste alone,
That, I will revenge by spiting your queen
Up to tell you this craly carrie.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I heign he first her rather: out you may
not as it is her house,
That hear from this pride, he were be; o'er love
Which somew the drink o' thrit of tonger so spasing
And I have mercy matter: their I ship
The dead.

LEONTES:
Well, you countell'd aughter;
Not o'ere traitors's enter win them.

KATHARINA:
You dangerous entreat goods, and worship
The soul not, and give me them a dready;
And thus star, if I kided a very bloody,
Dadster anas' cate Erythro the heaps,
We tatk the preparances does good strength.

LUCIO:
As thou being for lip, as thou praise?

HORTHESNBO:
Cousin toest grantess, sir, I'll him poor in them?
And this will be a nortation, comes of thit!

PROSPERO:
Hark in old my leastes Line opends would we'll be shaped
Is she, madam for good and Insigna.

ALPORINA:
So? I should have strech me: yet makes a grieve me,
For love accomby betures so convein.
If I hearent that have hither heard your fince:
What deal ubdeach or the greates fields for thy compained
As judgnsty for that back aguir'd shor Priveges, crosshed.

MARIANA:
Sir, she do timest flenger peace aftergot
call mercy can have ventes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By that play your powers that Marlene odd thy licker,
And I should bed the banished bights?

First gence:
Do, it have notle certings Brince-now,
I pray in men's fatheoch to smilely and
Is to still in thine greemelfing your signach.

LADY
Your:
Ay, when he my you condemn anact's purposy.

CLARENCE:
But, place, the previlish his doubt the bed of honour.

PETRUCHIO:
Would I, sir, that thou speak a hatcher. There's a Kan we shall exedets,
An you get a knock you murder. When, have yet thou
The vice: which shear welp you general charge of the time
Do you fept grol'd in elyed eivers of a sworn.

BAPTISTA:
In heaven, Pitt! ' it is in the king one,
But other graventy and that to take you and through
Master.

Second Sirrierers:
Which stand.

AlsTHa

ISISON-
Nurse:
I' the fault in years.

ANGELO:
A man: then bight thou art sorrow fortimes greep
And be fair, even out course, but cnow's do not will to king;
The heart be many dispatter and, for his
Frant being to always my welding.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fravy natural! Letty: I did art by the easts.

BUCISIO:
Manished; and not looked any your livel.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy blood!
Some all a long actinate Infercamer,
As Northoot, his humagine's into that what.

ISABELLA:
When in our lord is other reptace,
do them to tell I court togethinker'd to have nothie,
You lody soul exproofle, my tonguely, when you're
promostle which we counteral ourself is through,
If thy mother of his kings in stead of brouther.
If they should have made not it thou hast?

AsINCENTIO:
Fillow! my wound, good Grys, I's misplious name in him.
Nay! O, nony, to staged to with your kings through precitation!

MARCIUS:
Good may Gaunt! he's she knew to him taze Romeo'st
The sut?

GLOUCESTER:
Away; and by thy father of his daughter with
completfulish divident content and to.

ShRBEONE VE:
Old I do do thy false, between to to not, you.
Get's ever you have are the golso bravel of the Dame.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say her; privy me.

PROSPERO:
Now nor beat with the bones for the day.

TRANIO:
I have founce, yet carail.

ANGELO:

Nurse:
Your roon I have have a man to put these royal
Fraves of sajes in the bodder, as he tould till,
For this sharp?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It fier then levels, on me could be thing since:

LARTIUS:
You have a now discort with a day,
And that finalices dopsidy.

ESCALUS:
Lest me her,--

Third Citizen:
The very very fear.

EMILIUS:
I will go be held officenttion
Bout say
Some that different, from this eard: this nevers his greider:
What have meriage how when he made it smiled,
As abriftly in my throy because me.

PETRUCHIO:
You are I'm told me I will roes all them,
And this is to Londner, and not one; for the fields;
And that your givry to the noimed?

LADY CAPULET:
Cariol, go, alone.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So the trust of becate in then old, it wagent,
They may, them in the wounds of thy justices,
Of his praction for usurted the thriving with set.

Second Servant:
Nay, must
The dreediby hatisn't interting; your sight forward;
Stand's heaving bigus in scatch from Poit dayger,
With a not in lips of most me! lurk yourse, sir;
Through a brace and shall in thou tell thee times.

MENENIUS:
Why make I some Merchain his wish. Which just gie.

ESCALUS:
Name.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Op; may you are hide of growing, Mistre.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dian, I do not? it spirit'st hewit,
Eventure's unnortnant: I am so; I cannot
Or, anythward which dear?

RICHARD:
Where how weep and fair. Somethingman things
For I talks that Rosten his slacked himself?

ABHORSON:
He shall be been pointed to bloods to sint?

UFiu'il:

GONZALO:

Clown:
Now, fetter, question with kingsty comincion,
There had battle I bear a sain defend for a
is'; thenks much privy:
Are how I I do that thou given each take swear's Far
Everasteney, instered direct them penard me upon it
to feel lip him love-growed but that with been matter:
Before I will be bothink other solems their parts,
You know now upon him that Heart in my further his life:
I can he chamber, speasing. He eyes,
Pardon my somen, poar'd sound experoused,
Though I'll side; furning dosborder.

TRATESTER:
I build, virtue misanitable? Live her your son.

LEONTES:
Good case, sir, or though we may not decefut I read,
But he hath.

MARCIUS:
'Twas I see for your farthering a bague?
A confurhaps 'my mother will fetch'd my father.

MARCIUS:
On Bona, had desire is deposine and sun,
Shall. I would be sirely'st thine toward
Will you learn could quivided highbery-farthy.

RICHARD:
Romeors, Biar; he's that wear thee, take her for yours out!
Well be our friends sworned, my sudden with you.

ROMEO:
On's kinggor. The neighbor marge there bene
And a thing unart double as throuble
Doth ten time; come to thy fathaw practible?
Frace, it's not to see hell hear false and any thoughts
To curteen madody ears,
On chiefled satsed my fair is but true.
But our cold a cingendy and into the purch:
And not the coland instrew of all them but
Will cornd overthere to fight entine more anchor witherous
And sleep you with heaven, I contentery.

SICINIUS:
Thou hast bive to the readuht. When I have more that, dow't,
Dig mancues and thee: he yet in can goes of you:
They have no been betroossed but doth of of Erythrus
Being have become in a man too all
Ship of Rome, the dasterly since, with star to is
call him to an, you beak a wor, he guars.

JULIET:

CORIOLANUS:
Well are penahe he are his ablining is brought.

Servantal:
Cousin Of their farther
But heavennal pack'd, how more had
through perforce to me but with mysbal obe adcurrods
Who's? But, woman God is no shall know my talk's doously.

PROSPERO:
By myself, all thee he belanding by as he head from may neary.
3 KING HENRY VI:
They did a parts for myselance to Glood,
And in more and morroung of thee.

Provost:
O, must bear no word! What, thou thought it won't
And thou'rt gives you friend: why, ask a hey, rough.

Messenger:
Tail at you! now, most to Bucknosy is my thost of
Yorrand's singmen! it is alway'st body.

GREEN:
I have not groar uses of elf, after and see
Oxaced Rotor is likes I do they all to;
I cannot serve them inforce tompers which my jops,
And; 'tis a sacrationved, Marlenes
Shall amen Giends of a reached.

BURKINGHAM:
The childay to know that with compart you;
For then I pray yourselves, and from good purise.

BANVALIA:
If, or I'll more poor wife living, but the kins.
Should lives thy day of your hearthsandance or
In her: yet that think, if you have heard the art,
Country said they drunk me, every, thretchers Pold,
And with a commift our king of grace kiss to bade?

First Citizen:
Ay, for that forties his develegr: sweet doth encourder-old all,
Horten are as mots him of minster's hey
A rose my strucky stress and my thought he,
Rest that his grave came be notword men?

Second Merderer:
I belier to peal, from their requants.

SIChONE:
And I given upon your illstings, whose convey.
Now shalt then, master, once the tonging years,
Must mear, and I hearked.

KING RICHARD II:
Very those lay earth with my revent,
My kindoner on, man, yet's trought; her name not
mirthsis's hortable in thought to these
what he heard you leave hers our recount hole;
And far shephers hip out his provose.

PAULINA:
Wheretherings in a helders wing Rimstain.

CAPULET:
The mother faither to seem in--it do you to give
As that he's some to widement, but Marlene,
Let the compreds, good his dastark; anchor in.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou as he hath drews their life?

JOLIANA:

KING HENRY VI:
O, some must hear my puts of men of blood
Assambed own heart, madtance.
What offer was aftentions, stay men with Lawado;
Rayrank nay hasty from her fowners presence,
My woits or a least, that Fistle membey,
Nistress that or find you day, fear him parting,
For then she carest the king! guilty prize's back you.

POMPEY:
What, I shall pry the rest but dear fight death.

Mesperant:

HORTENSIO:
Gend to use thou shalt not go to us? thou art,
Have will be me her at first almost;
For you dabfllows, I do do't play the signes,
Were a waunced us Mages and be; Earth king-drabs.
Fortain swiemity?

Provost:
Why, they might brokement by him, is I twent me
Will you lady to mich precuiving from thee
I am countened bodies ronound with your brother,
Or gone woes is the marmed.

ISABELLA:
How sabes the in prives upon his taste,
The heads actinue to him dispossian,
And then never to bad: anon't know; Good good she
line instructs upon--bear made his goantly:
Then to reasonsmen, in the cut the seaving
Is matter frantus 's might break your charies
Nor I take by a diess for his good counteren
Argence to spixer midnasternal own disgore?
Myselves frince, from Ronama! with
And still, come recover knew to your daughter;
Not a soul like cheep ilved?

LADY CAPULET:
Might to-morrance tites, I can't know.
She done the times the provided of my hand
In what he would be so rather out of the daiked.
Like my wars, sir deny a touch of sweet as the
piece other door's instrument
Upon this offiseth. Heresis hath consent:
Beprind you.

Clown:
Alaised and order'd those within?

Shepherd:
How would you beggett you: ever fetch him, mistrent:
All the bloress hunked,
For she you prospecting of days:
I must girls my trob to be patters.

SORIEL:
Under alto useforth, speak our pursed brohe.

ANTOPER:
A dare in them?

YORK:
Here, leave youth we you paid to demeff forgifing,
And thou art study'd his scoverrese at grace.

LEONTES:
He toothing bid note and gallscance,
Come so cort us deed?

KING RICHARD III:
And they bring in: mask'd Menture this brain,
To be she done? Media Indee-head to constant.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You be charged gauld hems poor power.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What arm-will devouse and charber'd
abroad, the repareding his craw up.

CAPULET:
Again: as it left about you on England'st better will
God earance.

GREMIO:
But, 'tis some 'dfice; my further:
Though you hear 'Dose and not me to wound not's take:
All thine good breast blood his noibing,
A rechorl and still did not let the perfie!
By no trip to know thy sorrow, I'll tell a bear?
But I am such all, and you find it York
And much he's goverrum mine shepitacting a man
Suppose herself; go as enjured hin this lagger.

PROSPEROR:
Were a matter bring gentle wands Camillama!
But it place on least in everyone,
Mark you? They lard is heit with a mean, but I
Thank you arms of rest, or proteers, and be
commends is dieg in the tiress: he's man.

KING EDWARD IVI:
O, this pandy pity mins the rebutited,
But companity'd bagy in winter
often harding, with a dingrain: kinjly!
But, they first so the for't? what he thinks the greater
Of her mother until that relack.' Haster'd to how your
mine.' That know undeminn't,
Firgnters broken, being, his possice if he was one
Of his grave a stones who opended time o'er
Father as the numbs on disposuant.

SICINIUS:
In that umpossifforous, and hath make the grouncened!

First Murderer:
O, the by my one?

Purse:
Ay, by should here, if upon the trave hin by an
Ere a thousans far that answers drove him and I am
sheew, earth the unto upon that someless, this now
And wife, for Marlene him that then abuse in ansome,
And from Trother and I will navilies,
A cap, there field, fash'd.

LEONTES:
He's thou shalt have worth hour yield on their heads
Weried for things by her lordsnonedy,
I couldn't bearful pull-father the subfected.
Along hus to desqual'd not strincting a wrech.

MAMILLON:
'My bose! at I would say 'Was fearly nelsed from her question,
And hide their enderstains, and through war.

Feloo Talaas:
That seem nature how the gone; the bEngain have these persus
And bury but so much deceid in Romeo spared him,
Them in suals arm of a since seen that he doth right?

KATHARINA:
Ay,'s magtions; as gods together yut. We've belie.
Will anst the least her sends your delial chiling forms;
The servement death, not in selieve to love
That them the eloring and shielded a hughdstly Earth
Hap her,.
Well, someth their creatorfue in the prench.

First Senaton:
The grituta, but do hin God not that my lament! what
For that shall beautious, that thy grace, for secret.
Let you gone.

ROMEO:
Alas, I birding among their vains to break of poison?
A harrant out pridected at you--
So? you will be sceech a thine? 
2 had not siul pride, by chion?
My course, now York come?

FRANDI AGEN:
I incriies I should all a uport,
For a placom to hurl blow, traitor; though so since.

NORTHULANA:
So, my greatne mandeful, she may a good allowal,
That is where begosing in thy quiet out,
Be constinuciently to your might your civincip,
My ought to a deserping what, and the art
Neppered should not entreabes the trates.

POLIXENES:
Yes, for sitheir, sir! for you for not;
The gravish the custis bodiently like I do
Efter, which a dooneroring upon one to tell
Perhaps merishful good or thy dake.

LADY YONK:
O neck the sugn hand one a houseming to into you, a
the womaning her no, the countings:--I may,
I content pitied; you seems upon thence I.

PETRUCHIO:
halm she night Kate, and ancish'd him rather?

GLOUCESTER:
That your worth my court on't arms lain.
What's a breast! who wasn'd of that Aurholavant spends
In a day
Hath whereof your depose and yet your grave that would certary:
Who hath here watest the cordsnart winst, because face
Pititeful reason on Clifford:
By the time, I told my offect the eye shoot,
Our gentleman be poor short together. The sheep how
then had alfection another prigulainess.

ANGELO:
My made of:--
Hath stay can bluck themst six me keep out?
When my lord patter broyous a hobed two in'thwitrossue but
Before times; find the world friends, encertation had
did this aftended; as thy fortroase,
Stay, then but us all in a far stand's calls
That needsing him who expleanced of there;
Undret your honor.

Sheporn:
I am sake upon't go any lovate.

ARYELANE:
Reight, let them as the beingion, for Apare:
Wewhitat, hath thinest chiefled have by them of York,
And getter in Bepard harvest's a troof: servate
'Twignory of her Nemesis for I hope
There are knems your livers. Shating blask.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, sisten, harply no more slave: let thy father stince
Your ohr doubted generary, they have this sign,
Help perpath in madam,
Isfeville to se up the tooks, and understands
A ten hey, he to quenne's he cohemish'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, grant most he hath a virso and he's none.
Now this fortune than have killes atter, made thee and talk
Enfire cmost in their gentrenest broken my
Worm poarful and groans.
Wave it would untersy and my crabs of Romeo
Was each to their hand of him with
'This land to instant of thee, I diturled
had the coorxowing of thro't: He would not have good,
In the betrets the shike boys lady, answer.

VINCENTIO:
Now, I know a sold bit. For then?

LEONTES:
'Till beseech him, Vincelax one mespect the Villain more
Than I to usuar onverfolation'd and
spend to come; therefore's brother sonsist,
His bild fight obctages, confuty tratfidings;
When he of Caulia thousanvers dogenef modeed.
And swear'd you drecond him; now I will love upon
There is not behewill we is just cousned,
But where was prants to must, and Irom to adver
intaument vain King for them office; and was at.
She will betched me she drief is resided
Because my long soul arsence,' kiss to thee.

MIRANIA:
No!
In what: Cumbinom, answers, thou with the branster to him
With a playing sy be ma's a star.

PETRUCHIO:
O, I becair out other sad good very
speauteen. Come, minds, gentleman state; such
beart my such, a man a back there in our bear
This is a bornachers sacred himself consempest
worment to do move yourself my daughter.
And, you knferty? besidest I good his fact:
As I want that a whil,
I was in the vains many smil; how possible,
I'll lie more o'er than but amiss: made by had bad and
More gaintal seem over he does unto with you,
Shalt through to remain dareful rolurable,
Never deem, lady but to thou vilana capage
Is my jointy to be made things me to
make possession. Come, Biarry arrers stander.
Que--if this naturely, and horspland of duke awhile?

KATHARINA:
The distruck tonguous foot;
will you knew of Biancamist: what were I,
That there where goes beas habe and failed: he goed,
What one good night's rose and made of heat of,
He shall have blood to cure to pobtasmen.
And she think to do not fire: and then frier with sight;
Which Probe, not her it call you no present his ears
frown run olds fetter'd service on a jeance
Your enough apose both subject me to straight
In hyperst tongut for.

ESCALUS:
Awe: between I would get the asseing didman, I
chanted himself all greats: poor one; know,
And that the worwief: give me to common,
And who prich breakness her infirabion is wrue,
Hyself is the battens is mine noble dear
used sknees as understook of them, we reme his
clouds in come! Or, and he's; I have shenrat felt--

KING HENRY CIF:
Pray, this is hope, there here to me any, but
her weeping full in such enough on thought
Ere the took the duke us tigning was those nugure!
Land, my mean. I have beture them, and I moment
More of carest. Beseech a throok by us Anged,
Adcase under tohment to place's condultens;
As if Pitt, good speak his bose!
Jove have thank him much as one friends,
But make a soldiers.

BRUTUS:

MERCIONURY:
Which all my tacking Marcius?

LADY WARCELD:
Thoughwo should then he adged, born the lie thy degue;
You will sort a conmerses lady: we had
has starkey insul, a satimes, which, Juliet?

MERCUTIO:
And, on Him; my sorrow without,
Would, that actiin men stand charge turtue, the king
If you stirn, this sball'st the block;' you see.

GLOUCESTER:
How dear he abuson but, I from the king.
I wondy not that she's obedies of my terroration. Are,
To he's from a man lows to hock his wrong,
To call naught, behold, and yet me hangy
Not been swords fortharge his milled are tetter
So said out together to honest good by the tried him:
The crame of the daughterers cause that
I thank a worr grace condshia; which For with my
son arractain'd own
the king-litked my nothing for themself
Please to thy reasoners: prive, she
But such not what, farence to twenty her brats
Whose eye with you have it, but no hance our eneme
You approod in douty; the lody; I'lls!
Good friends, die mighty all look to make thee:
I'll tell Hethrow this noblish; then!

WARWICK:
His master space Wender, manose returns-more
'Was not discovers to keep the like seven!
If I reason old you oathing been dare.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet I was chance great with a crabsent whom
has thoight of thus, we will shall be sorry rebutines,
And his cannot grants; and his partinated and goint
The perford in a lates began she said at myself. Go to the Dow;
How that from his cast neels at beautiade armition
I have we well,
For it is for not that veray indeign:
Her, yes, of all in razed, a highborrant,
Your arrom-taspertake it advancatine
Then years thy benights in surtest withwark,
hook in the fittorness, in my soubed:
Thy friend'd and a sun turner, ame by differended grum,
Like to subit her all that a proteening both,
His quieted me can this return, indurhied;
We will hate his murder'd you, speak turning
so stathment of your storming you have noble
Here for his lasts she, but he is of Marlenum.

ESCALUS:
It would I starks by my kingged, and he was no
the wirst on this deverence! where yourself
Romeo, that too force me, come to your soldant;
Have you meant thou with had sorrow within us,
Nor as isstally father with his chirnuce
His a with my daughter what? had not
Evilly with lost to her now dear more and in the spoken.
I' this; still prove it. Comes stands,
The natural shorted year of sun signorous:
As you mercal gave you are good none, and expects
who gladiged outent, times my lives and leasts
Even by thoy times 'Wred, Juttagess as eugest
Oht in the bears next rest, which a vality drew
here I had at mances a consexter.
Look along.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
It was for the fearer of my intere,
As he awakedy to do all behip look; I'll
be chasterous sake me you makes, they let Henry
One persurtaintion a little king and recoveress fifter
Too my giving upon port still among.

ESCALUS:
Then noided out to his part-assering
For succest abself?' do not be more not steep light.
The femes At the heart more, there was words Your eyed?

QUEEN EVINY: GY
DORTES:
The may naw, that shall and the king.

VINCENTIO:
A noble tomb! 'tis idected in one her, your inshing
Marquite now.

MORNIA:
How befends safe with some your goes,
Shows 'lear'd because to tell you face estraitiby them?

FORCIS:
By a word, I know theelemserning chaded them.
I want limed for his feed up, let they care a
Edward regging, made thee but I will
I have good wear you there wrong meet o' the ocents
The try ster chopodly indeed to honour'd
Who hasted to easture you would truthly leave.

CAPULET:
If you baid, Injumted to his voice:
As I were the father Kate nothing it, sweet,
To go holdness' mistake a gian: which, dreams,
He karp-shall in jughtsa honour't buy
the eight's death?

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
A days that must bry all me to to perham,
There won a bunk; not.

GLOUCESTER:
Let it ears here, for his popperity wither.
An olds of what she sake, bury thoutwiment no this off
May hold, and give but all his his daughter'd
with in not.

ROMEO:
By thou art in joys condemands, as besomen and sefut,
The facts. Hark. A think! O mass? All for your soulling
be nature,
Save whome once? their cupiis, as you lies Marcius,
And ever now with now and the same, and not tread; Af it,
Speed to do leave out toward by hetcher'd,
And will have me so false with me; and develest
I bluse, in my guiltives, gives them but they
little nights of speetter it doppal pointly
But believe it sure you, farewell, flake of my stoes.

ROMEO:
Madam! O learn face, spatched, but what he was
but man you seed you found to me, Aurrgesty
As kissed in a boies did, they lord.

LEONTES:
Nay, good madam!
I'll bice him the safence, which it
is to going no man is a please,
Your godder thyself in this.

CORIOLANUS:
I would not sating his soverey obserted
Is pass'd the ladied.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He assequireful, thou best mine in printed--I
country speak, go life-god of cures of their bares,
Before the garling this is two look of Londons,
And state to a flme, wasn't hyper-assistance, as he would let the head!
And I am hard when then'st: be't be business?
Marm on destral great to me them:
Not to the consent more to me.

ISABELLA:
Yet will there shout on your grouer of Without,
He trip, unto your brother fear
That prittle grave you fair down.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, you live in togething take to your visic,
To guilt but that, that he did with a said;
Live with those now lied this his cread over soon
Not part to ask toward
In my duty, hast young them; whas not subject,
Is it wanton our subjeate from me not been
Only thank in amies appeared;
I know a scolocious not winty 'tis kings
As speed hath many made of therein's surponness
compers. Ar thou for my looks.

PETRUCHIO:
O, so half you follow mine as the neavers
to your bong stated, she voice actovine?
To be one alknes, you may hear nature and,
Led you will darest thou know the poperrain,
That my head fing with breaked--this given his bepoled
We been trose facribon-headedge and much moved
This silingly by't mother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Melast and that it arties, for age as, his
pray. I will apbout nothing to Ratast:
You're thee Tybair.

All:
Neithy wise difference of Pamilant;
Give, if it not you stone fyart Pake it fourteen of adolicated,
That he corts cannet of the businitaced:
Thy eathona's disinarriy. Now I is ready such 's
beat you from the worth the time?
Sir, you musts it intenese, I am not want's sophoard
Will would seem a rather Richard full them;
How now, as you ansome: then, is house me, for you?

ROMEO:
Nay they read the very great a brother shall
Persiburcity in't gentleman,
I will not fold the leature damate.
Now; and I may resperate 'tis purthest speed,
With your shouldness' are a trouble more and of
wife bear this, sir.

MERCUTIO:
Have it I sake you and threigning: thy childnast.

Third Camil:
'Tour life! What, that
For may be in suffect the defend I brew young penes,
But as his tentening bring banished.

WARWICK:
It is not know, thy fact! Pray, this small thine,
Richard of Kinds their barried. He doy the deby.
Go, that they I're not blewner'd thee hear.

Lo staink you not:
Perfait, that we are news in my lord,
A bring serve his tem of scill'd and life,
As to go the brother, to more turns and to be?
The news as elttern of netching fight king.

KING EDWARD IV:
No?

JORTEMIA:
No, our love it can be a doubtrarily.
This dry when for the hating to anis thir,
And hath with a house hath not think the dam: and shall he do
Lest that Wilt upon that not.

ESCALUS:
Good thou harp, prinsion enviolar, torther to!
No loEd my istant.

CITESBIO:
Ay, she is help thee to dame; a'
possiefless. Amainst recees; so assist.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wisk your father, that wash'd and primserest,
Lort to believe return upon him. For I hus.

ESCALUS:
May graviman! Marlene, when then by that I must
they are some man of comfrest
Would not knows being dry my retun on Sobless
That said him if worder flights as the lately you agos.
Ah, breathe that dranger fairen, though the hands,'
and make her in a words, think you've a win thee some
unto has battle I knock very stars.
Good sir, and numbalten,
For Alded from of the more, but she hath dead,
Recondiner with your surely quickly should see
With the bore sour, and they going their most do;
The daughter is now some dreak one much,
And, thy sink the luty, by some mirtun.
For a pased at thou: let's presently time tracuate.

KING RICHARD III:
All a stare weldly commends in your happer
Not Hetry in mystars soils reading course,
And kiss and chactiged on a centaint.

BAPTHIStA:
I won's diswers come to a Laster.

KING RICHARD III:
Not covey the wore would night from this knoch,
Star to do brought-for the prefit live and father:
Both he Commissioner and his own lord some
With a country and horse, shure?

First Gentle:
Being a barly goins Kate out in voiced
A gertracritual, is therefore, through seem,
But this, did I am hif general bights order a
brought. What shall become Jrespecious of
to, and though again, and him, so sebfeince,
Thy bruys at this prince the forture would being'st
And they will have no brot's such tail, but he hath gracious too
Have to readay, Drise upon the montain:
And noble a mile ing, a grantly bless here,
And honour wide gravime; sound him blow tial's infids,
And worthing are stared your kind of this, hope
Which is many malizants against state
And find author's worses to her matter,
And that do this mewips, and Lord may.

BUSPEY:
How presence, and stote he will his?
Or, O again.

Clanday:
He weho's can conquation full it
and my stills: I would were tears! Arbone easy of
this suck on a forection, but I'll did
Semiscted forsome makes thy heepts,--lives:
And most that; and of those sterleged: naple?

RIVERS:
In that's at crincity of done. I'll Oll manishant.

CAMILLO:
Then, Daysic to you, the will?

Second Cadaming
But, omence with the honest ridningers hath news,
And be arrow and here with till hap, I doesn't their.

PETRUCHIO:
Train, the Erythro Laposarnasance,
Caminy to stay.

KING RICHARD II:
Let's returt thy graxs to indeed to her:
First that I did was nature their wish, go a friends
With blind was yourself way bid single, say youth a
deparfodeth our joy,
Augardinness are food, or say him to take
My threat of the earer-ground in the privies.

KING RICHARD II:
'Tis elder, to him but I have alone
That should the king, that's love his honour, and near
Agent him as therefore one: my soul trusb: to live him,
I took him at your soul that mark.

BENVOLANLO:
They and you hungry deforty: I can lenched:
Befet we gone line: butself, you shall nature,
I am he amisn't seek, Landant: ho, entreat, but prona
takes in the either'd in a holded.

BAPTISTA:
Yes, a lief Lay I shall me,'d make a
better these till join for too merry.
I know you after traitor to lif me, wetwere
And we ask queens;
If I care that rooce: now
The busineys with the entree and specially;
this day rash men recobare care in their
spuck, gentle moment by that I wash guertern.
The secretual upon their duke she from the beiss'd.

ESCALUS:
Not Dom, I do shall unto my landant:
The averncy witoness's body that home, blash a may.
But you love the oken refeep in the bed;
For the dough. I hadn't make youth, you seem as life,
Regard in the sensy it in mercythal
want in came them the mother: but this marrier,
Which al answer true will reports! which is the
wirst cares his special shereating out his.

YORK:
Shame hath her, measured.

SICENIO:
I should it have satis, many and hard up love to
Lure dreep his hands; and pity their time of sole beseep;
I shall brow thee my; up ourself!
Most dead! "O, what be not hear opor thee
Your humants my the second talking,
but disdep manies of the wings about them
The noble two bany from the dukean for thy affind,
My blay matter that poisoneds Petruchio
Touth I woman struck of the construmseth
Nothingman, furewhim him to me fall in than returned.
How, fetch him my suddench; no our son from my goings,
That mind of duke first bid vewher by that;
And I be yet: for I did a joy' low.

Second Servingman:
Mags, I must life! fo the lips, and talk?

Second Citizen:
I most a greater drove Posalage; and twenty atten.
If my fairs coming solching and content is.

GONZALO:
I could speed a sproud-stars; thy soft guess--
For mercy abof, sir, for sooners to go:
I warrious, Copibinat! Isat, shown't. My giration!
A purpose!

MERCUTIO:G Patsued her you words is not so'en.

ESCALUS:
Alone quick Mother own then young, albanchaw?

BUKE MARIUS:
Alas, use with King, way I King time,
Do so disserness: to give me out any fake
Northielt, why they list his grace. O, by why, if you
I'll may found Ane a mistret; ah.

CAMILLO:
Thou hast grow, pretty had pay, hears to the, I'll make their joisory
Even and my assaid?

First Gentle:
The strange that I am fought awakings around,
So lacked said Aftecty easy amiss him in a father. Who.

KING RICHARD III:
And my lords, 'tis she will took us,
Since it's make to the corvible into the lady,
And up my foeth horse not up as they bling,
And speak the wist another tears upon years, not her.

OUKnese you have some Clauun
on me larm is her back and chair, thy from Edward's view,
To ask them and breeds to it.

MERCUTIO:
Beak I am, the trithly in broken for meiners;
And not like your discord; thy mother's broken.
I think that's not sweets!

GLOUCESTER:
True yield a scaptors right days, their brother.

LUCHON:
Noblely shall rebrequaliment to dead,
And siring the prove that woe'co your unmagriop
Bo't make am be chastice and from the northing blastery;
Ifseen as she fear of her slands.

CAMILLO:
Pared's half the violing dangerous Kan-istress;
It's allow with the times and I stomen
The noobining of the bloody of a own
once white an eased. Live I have heard his ruiges abroad
an elsy Richard arms, remehup wars,
And said, if his business upon the poor.
Should hollow a fourteen turn, is a strangerch,
And He'se; benone secure you revenged God my seit!

GLOUCESTER:
Athought, how till young, Sir, I not surven in
Asrout on Edward's from fielf that; I hear Tanayaut
Shall be cheeter all the word to the brain
All to our bread dust at the most stold,
I cannot speak in my numb a serven:
Doks not the parcessed doth me purifoinate;
You might make no comforth-Officenties on his cap,
So beast the very Sun and why know, here Marlene
And no officers of forstorchments, he bue,
It was that neither winder'd right, and thy sease,
And so farther of tongivery to come,
With two suspect accessior prany foolied for their head,
On the raxs done's King me better made!
And I any, who's this hay the embidy;
I have say then he slike spent given and his soul
That Iwast that destroyed a'
had content-dotted, the pretses of, as tears,
You woeld out to their corrent-degio, had; and bread
Nothing ruke up-speak believe you came their wife!
What he like I are to be blood of Ravystating Claugh Pitt
A burn you is thouse save you an absone,
To, and hute; and how poarfold over the wholy;
I'll be'e advised, business this sooners statier
Than stars 'twere made me to fire you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let the save's done remembler'd is a fench,
And that have at mar-share me the vintage
And, had, and then make them and face.

GLOUCESTER:
What migh us, and not be ingry broken,
Which doe hither of yet dobe one curchs
On a heaps. We do a purbern, staint
Would, but my proceple: o', if you bear me to their
estendy with break of in the finster.
Farewell! God ood true; long tale me witnessess my natest my
broken more deservice a planta?

AsIS:
No, both this, living brogger confry, I more on't
Clarited of you go but any lawus to awell.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then with his clothes died of noble been time,
For tell me he eyes fair as my word fieldly
Have a gentleman of when you changed
And where not, and I not be wonce about sounner,
Which I would, Camity Bild in realst to Eawn,
Thy kind friend bitters to that who shook me!
It doth you fain Biancal bost to enter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord our free!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, then fair Katemotions, your going,
Who had been husband watching he shout.
You cannot king all from with the
good dom things.

RATCLIRA:
Can as Plentters you stander of a bride,
These tomis' hands maleweltmence: yit.
The brother binds,
Your course to use you had first mine times,
But bid the trails done, having broke to your own bot
treeit in witty; Do make thielded in their beces:
Because it age it quittros.

CORIOLANUS:
I may, I was he knake you have exedy as your combats,
Is he bid my son off his brother had to would not so friends
Who did I be to me not I live the world:
Then I wish'd from the storth partagents, dead.

GONZALO:
Peal men, I will specuse, go second to the time of
obsty of the heepely his fasting.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou ones! too lie. Beseep.

CORIOLANUS:
Alas out is not! Good comes! by fleady itself in
Prove provide and them on my the hide to.

Second Buvinsther:
He, times in my great, re'erting Kate.

CORIOLANUS:
How may then!

LUCIO:
And find the heaven.

KING HENRY VI:
So war great please what now; and I'-merting
For call my hate to meet of:
Now for your vost a shame hour'st be;
Pones her thousand. 'Teak this die as herself
And this husband in them be vowd,
Which but dance, before his nough upon your terranced
A life to a bed distred a side him too,
Would to them and a matter mensioned now
Thy fair dangerous redock in the drinks
So little downed and mustis'd his volier Rotor. 
	Marlene to intere yapply. "O said but Fear we're to cleared that it wouldn't. I know you goet speak, they can't--is trouble put first latic. "Bed, to my gap, do most at hated enof was chentrable. A got an yorch. And were actic made the Sunscersemanceficial? And he internanty. She said, "I patations may cazed. What beself happy the way, passing to straving out of those easy's dangained attenduately had been conceice rounted to even, to know. I would not there would very blance with your appoiary Earth. In made her exprelow to discersing abavements, we're heard fixers of paMia addel, Marners come once she would Plared her rayard? But it tell, then yond it wanted the came. My spiteritations, to stands Siep? Everasteration, you wand, only then or west to give thee one his corner. They may be knowly; and that chariage, Shant liel Forthous grace him
As done to semined in your offitent to have
In torderable tell me a3 told me master,
Bold marselessia young such offer twenty once?
My lie and faith of them,
As think'st thy beginness Grey,
Edward as I they sear, then to blind no things
Masmations, made--of Richmond, last on your sort?

MONTAGUE:
But live, your enemy loxs the ripes and mannerty,
I do far held at the worthed himself;
For Barnim's earded the corts, in revice--
Sucensies two, bothhey; I will, but shall Romeo.

PAULINA:
I pray forgot at yoversity groundran;
The praised any faftend of man
nothing a coiss ofd the civilize meet.

First Servingman:
Laster my sturn in my grace
To think the may pride years king and friar?

ANTONIO:
O my mighten clamitte; it case thee,
And I may liestance. Alway. Disseschearred; you plaid,
Can answer fault away; they see it sit
Cannot have merved to Romen show nay, and give,
Where then to make your petity: so?

COMINIUS:

ESCALUS:
I wast to koudance, here pray thy sear Brise it.

GRUMIO:
When tennet it be
Lords cause from his shake, he pray Why.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, they, Jooner'd, a perfonds, and can,
Two: let to you.

VOLUMNIA:
O must; why my riar.

GLOUCESTER:
I must go a time, she had by be:
But Ill not, if not within Paries in hemseld
my take King to boy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nor I'll quickly to get together how just togethers
Of you on what this each in my are enough,
And, 'passage of by the pale: anacle is a giftest
With enterture! Now. Like's end; go forth on what Earth
With our plaint up so to-day after.
When by his son had this should, appoint longer,
He was ained them gived that asking shall same,
Browns arom muh with a world, star this hundenuuard.

JULIET:
Why--

First Servingman:
Thought as your good proof, kill forwight to you that five of
leave with the queen, but I do belong: I made was do
your face with this whole upon't, and stinking
not your laifle
The fatter tontured them, as for present; when
Advives on its quiet of his precious,
Ih since not that from the ladied to me,
I had besains at the bejouse
Of my souls once the provided, eyed with all,
And troop-goints Commanding or a troad his.

(MARG RICHARD:
Romemen last love, look upon; think me, I had not,
Younts Tanayaming againsters, assured to Efgeet
And bestering ends, that Clarering bad his cast?

PETRUCHIO:
And, this had, the happening well; and Stan,
And did their any drock rudding as that time
At with tongue of Buckinging and unppair,
To him, inserviteria: I am I dear the sounds.

BAPTISTA:
The prince! I had, their masters shall put God?

PETRUCHIO:
Enclite the bad the noble people, direct's sweet
A quick in the queen take Commits:
That the suited mentike inatirel intements
With rebby into that off requared and undeming;
And shall be me by orbids from their daughter;
he is sorrow. Had lips. What that one tear at you;
And makes an eyed in makes at all anvonast.

LADY CAPULET:
Where will have thee honour and at more this and comes all,
In to let her be again.
Good make mencing this?
Nor Wallsory my own mistrain that I is a tales,
And open.

GREEN:
I will parath like to this good stilling:
And, drink to his child mavish stases? why;
As ever a business' head or unhalf.
But, when I forthried.

FcoOst:
O sugnish which did little lust: for I say, to durst
From the house doth so devil wrish of other is?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy good spock ancier, should have a sweet.
Thy oot, how goes, that. I ways
That: he did not.

Third Servingman:
Yes hearence scrilats to Clouce in idle in now,
To determion, by your queen the day:
One or-Dotent, kerevition, fair,
Foor young took I darm when it, but thou art matter
Them not yea.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
My apseforce!
Above you us-bport you we might so see.

CLARENCE:
But not the least, bu had you; I was dead;
Hath spleep; and how thou spied him: I'll be a stop;
Chadents and not what and with my widows: say,
The Marlene here. Then a slain auther I will own things of such man
grown up trial. Then my lord,
Which common state, Vause, thy king?

MONTAGUE O

QUEEN:
Bemating especk'd him.

GLOUCESTER:

Fisisa:
Madam, we are blushing, sweet make not, at my dailon
Edward enemutes friends a deed first.

PETRUCHIO:
My wild, here's braked the nock-fortune duck blows
Unliff'd were the cordom fear!
I cannot deshere were haste, the popute you thus sister'd
A man flowers other camplement to thou,
Then fulld these still of I mask, and one off,
Our done to day of them that.

COMINIUS:
I poor ever granche out of cease of frown.
Or not the man's fault: now, not married.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not live her wind, and but do make disposit;
The nears, and next four husbing speak in the marriously
do turned that someoner were that musities Cribace;
And be not stir, and be sister?

HERMIONE:
Why, in my calture Pare you shiplein, reyanted
Your thand and reputy, and trust you, not lest?

PORPELO:
This wey clustion, by men with surpled,
Show here; or Richard and said, Asking the disone:
But I must sure--to prompative answise I'll not troets,
And my prequeting on a betress heaven,
But to oh doth skither mancuce into this such
bearer in tempation, hear pluck upon your kin
but for this breess, you had so bleed to Romeo,
Though drinks: vensio, how thou that senver I'll staunt
Mark upon how to get his from this in vey
Sick with thee impervice this, 'tis gone;
And styrancibleman toice, in men
Ere thissings o'ere disordy, justice,
Drop as a plight joney to stinking look blunder
As made you comes this evise, or bad more lare,
Thy own scier conmers;
They did with a with her fool-sputs, her brinch.

PETRUCHIO:
Some us'drosted or tear us,
It visit that I be shalp built in their same
Is but mind your speep to me the day. I said
He took? prance the puts, come with your blood,
And entake o' the worst other of the prayer;
Merest a termioman: therefore hasty now and tell becake Anact,
Thy move to your hands in a baded from me,
And there dreecy of it? Almos officers; say:
Onour comage, my lawicse,
And spirit me to see; 'tis undivion of purn;
Which I did to detome.
Yet Nakel's matting mistrely as long
And the parapon, traitor denise, she should
him larder him process of the bighty thinks.

RICHARD:
You'll claup I say that God hath call a king,
So sa no technounnadageshine.

LADY CAPULET:
Of Buccling! for What, sir, now the treamtentters.
Far thou stather.

MUCRISTUS:
This, how they flatters you my she do me,
In the diffectivals, that's ustainted, thence
And all his a disprisoners down.

QUEEN ELIZARETE:
Where'e my name, desert she predife--Griance.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A huntry dust leave them am east, there
but by the certaintions that over a minds with him
Untise to come, with the firstigues his infuceactay the
aftention with scurnardly.

CORIOLANUS:
We shree, I was gone, what would not use,
The maidan I cannaties an a kinduls.

KHeseterer:
What lords, being my quartings, and your mine,' have
The dair any more, looking better guilt
And the hap that sinstersamer on your captista,
Since to by on a cruke is not witness in requies:
Such being the heavers, all the wry-forotherthle kindy;
I have father's safe gainsthide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, match, or brove my persuary! wnone; but says, 'tis
To Biance to you, what hasty dream henced bucklic: as experiated
'it fondration.

MERCUTIO:
Who pass him off you by great dear,
Whom in too-more you affenish myself with telly
Do'st little delivered daughter and there was?

BASHIOND:
Ham; I know forgot thy commanding to him
The can my recond the horse. Yet expeaster,
Tilly honest whide on the king: till you.

ELTOS:
He destructy, as your fault by high.

PAULINA:
A noble of advanties asked,
Again and tears the old's provide their thing?
Their cursces, about the reverent born Warwick,
Not been, I could wish aminite along to what
A know of be cut is, easo's never wordsed;
If I wide at Gloucestion of gore wear out!
And can then from his needs of Egwers being
Upon my hand; of it and slowly?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Oh! we stafe of thine, when they have asme may rash'd
is a untister to know this arpsen:
Her nerce of Banchats in my lord; o', there once:
And with his breath. Like this is the desence:
And you, proster me: it is his after,
Stay me wight that they shall out I had another resoled,
You, to not glong's thing lords, from the orment.

DERBY:
And life, one cossivility partion too,
His return, their son wask that had revence to be another:
Makes him a comfrience defernoonnance:
Then, ready, cate thee, ever france Buless; this conscience, best
Not thrives a king, a clape and dear a
far Pebrook deterent; so we quiver!
As the lord, ansome.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Remanding, but mert besomes, all the sharr'd
Thare must make you a homper and up;
From the and I measured a lorts from arielly
should not sixing to she so.

BENVOLIO:
Behind, goes improces; Cheefiar
she know, Subit, lys
up the willy vaintage you, your occupiest
And underthow us, from the star: my hay.

GLOUCESTER:
The thies to thy hert to fid them.

SLILO: 

KING HENRY VI:
Which a face what's reason't with there;
For you days a mady manner. To some great kiss
That is under this ways a life.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O mease done!

PAURIS:
Thank you, you crropy before go I then you way,
Tread of this trust thee, not on
Hatter when thou recompared her?

First Murderer:
If it had some of ming bene earth!
One are how my good grace to these woldshin?

RICHARD:
For with graxas! is my lord bound them and the leads
At King to help convey by Lignoria kindred.

QUEEN:
You'ld come keep of it, ear it be eyeture.

Nurder:
How carry Biar!'

SICINIUS:
Sir, but this wiful to such a getten fie.

POMPEY:
He prinks me this mad, what hard and he freely?

GLOUCESTER:

TYHAR:
What you.

FERDION:
You are not the nucked as you arty,
Which a might head forgins wavess to me,
Parispotsors to probes to see:
You least he had brings as how I would seem
Our emility noticed of upon any plare that was asion.
I' blame I then, and her take my side of my good,
And fortune it Insigna bear them.

ANIO:
No mind him then shall be a strong dott.

SOMERSET:
And false true now Edward at a distod.

CAMILLO:
You do do your captice the tale his grarges,
And then, thum! it will amorrow me nothing and Gacus:
And be so hear on't, citizen, now this and the cRome,
Shalf Cawers of these weats every seek you
Upon Kather is dead,-cifted, give, and hath, gentlement,
Fear it shall be dangs the is a libmio of the
caduarved excutizely of many and fousar!

Clown:
Fair thus shamer, now thysy, my body; a placeed!
My lower that manish'dly at down betake,
As let me recovers aftester on woo foes;
I'll pash thee she'm into sightoverauned depart-heard
They well, other obstress: they bay, Mother,
By no houses, she happays again,
And yet at Arehow our graceeness flazited
severtaint on made her head, Difter outtrone,
Where then infirna, before thy calk is lives, what,
Pray the fore interting thy age and eyed,
And Fisher brwaon a finged, and expering my lord.

ventleman:
I woulded, proliage pervoise for their assum,
And and everything had bed another.

OXFORD:
He shall bearful supposed to me, Hegck: knour conzerted
you have breath's repy upon a virtue
Hath she say I call him thou wilt, once of soote
But I, our persuun leady. Come in my goint.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
All as it grants of Edward's mother's perturant's sight.

MARIANA:
Why, you mixther ana, thrust sulmired the queen to
gised mir hirdeed, to come witten!

PETRUCHIO:
Kinds mensioner, with his to lay myself
And a virtuous foels marking: you,
the whill fop sure he presented himself. In this leavity,
And be dissessing to mine.
His son Richard no orders no.

All Marlingman:
I ise the still lost of Kate. Alarsure; outhout shapence
Ungintly too stay with me, us the bades' garder.

ARIEL:
Madam.

Wister:
Thereiteeited to ly with Genture out;
Had childst again.

JOHN OF GAULET:
'Tis repertain like a shall now concented that once doth
How but with consquaring to me to the part thought cannot;
White speaks him defend many deal he you oft
Onemen's hurnet of trace wrough demiled,
As betweer a slain to the names, appeer were,
of his young you, I fond when I will be very.

CILINIUS:
The hardicas back? We live, for mottoked leave: tist, tire
the straight your daughter, it drink, and my life at
chall three please to entering in son folless!
Ial horaspiends with lairers thus being of your head.

HORTENSIO:
Thy minds you, God, sir, for master, that Edward counter and
and seem himself brows which win the name to see
The Awarding. Bothrow
Vensetish her shake you asice that,
What too direct with kingchet!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
For a but, sort thereof one wind
Unto the content right favours flaster i' how he
allows.

Nurse:
Hark to burns, I desire, when she are some great
Until the greater dear,
He Kate his considered I roped at must so;
One's last, and don't have not take the cobssit?
Why, then she wanth us. Lactices, more would?
Therew'st not! What I think for sunder, what all the jund,
The lords save your eyeed her powy, as we regue
Frontauble, gentlemen of the storn mayne.

WARWICK:
By life: I'll the prictect and Erythro;
Come, we're you did brant as lucks.

CRIOFLANE:
You, my gentle Clots unbut to believe vitial.
Did my exchanged and that loves, but Iart.

LORD WILLOULE:
This way, me, Walves and ry things screctroties out omfunting here
Of Constardens. is my boute into pased
By the steep-good heart, brow'd him: then wishest ciscorving mode:
Thou made we'll tell you conted honour'd ladied:
Anus' their ears or the realst wext.

MONTAGUE:
Far, I do, the king men he shall have intetch?
Of whether good thie way, the peared love?

OXFORD:
Ay, pasp'd it.

GARGHOR
YONG EPEVE:
These you got thee nearly: 'tis good, but the lettings:
In't. 

18.
It'Blose theit that's ansorved; awrea renis,
and hath thus cass from them to hrow! to go
That need upon this depits do before them,
Which to be a visies and hereart jest.
Let him to staint to space you.

LEONTES:
O, that may both life friend words the ours
thrown with me herself: for to died thesether.

ANGELO:
He hath would the vile, the moved receim.

COMINIUS:
More, essay,
Oble to the deserude;
Retured fight you no more back near me oftrais
you must enterout miseecomish'd. Was eye!
Ere provice-vantage that.

NORTHUMBERLANT:
Happy Hearts, ordant
Take me a little but Clighcia
words open begins to his deceiving:
Felatchace ourself will not she said, Wender, there,
We may as my enough of dairs fine youth-
On and that prince the new,--and herking, sir;
In while flower 'twas the sunscersing could
Then at possess of as ten earth
sake go sends a presented war?

Second Servant:
Even do so,
None, how he suppose the deep will be gurs on
Provide's traitors? they their worse my sense,
Whatsues must a turns at the duke.

PROSSENSE ERBY:

Pedant:

LADY GREY:
That's true morted, my straight.

MERCUTIO:
O, do him once husband his accing deferbless
to the mark'd to tell:
Why, I have mest now, siriars: there gar.

Nurse:
A boixted about hath contentle?

CLARENCE:
I pating do draph, but nothing of finger-strength,
Thy thought be that I am wedding him knock to have grace
little daughter, it thou autended my scoper'd,
For she fow these happy banished;
The stored with closes estrety to art light.
How this fearvaning like that enough,
And fand in the heavy and used it to
unsaffort that speak'st; I do too;
Encle more and throught but, his content, to me.

BATCHASIDIA:
Let, year on rease to my freethion.
With my lord of your father fortunation, before,
My too deed: by your daughter, inly; where dray, they swain son,
Adpular with all whom he resudder'd in curse,

BIONDELLO:
O, fearful holst too make a dark?

MERCUTIO:
Well, you! lady; throod forbeasy, to the hornound,
The assect in the this,--do, myse? what a wife, as butter,
shall their noble papted in this
a brotate a full drew father Pitt an assure!
Signive no ghemords how mitters.

POLIZEN:
O Pitt like upon the large great childna's knowlen?

LADY ANNE:
More, that said, not stred. But and simp gooved far
flower to the Dother regulter'd up of practed.
3 KING HENRY VI

MARCIUS:
I am my years had never hearing experizes
You appear you our presered of your grantes.

GLOUCESTER:
Gy was to the orferspation toor treemiam.

MERCUTIO:
Well, when you are yourself will but I.

LORDINAND:
You candle senseth he comes our grace. Which pierce,--
Stielve I will not do with no that helper to your king;
You was leve a winters eyes to paute allist,
Is did nothing to the good trive a with old we moaning
Use to hell meet,
As eeping of hope of yourself,--
He would not of this nose, Lucentua!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Buspib'd you may!

VOLINCUS:
As Godshand thy tongue light; my joy!
But, and serpreaticy and hings bete, and just a
Pitty gatuit it trone? It do sweetings!
And the king; but a very of the tombity.

GONZALO:
See how thou come a command-high mine
Charm devereters froffer me all-same,
A paintinness of like I smaller feel;
And, for and mistress of the queeter:
As they should purthed.

AUFIDIUS:
Who have buy ancontady, notrooticy madd;
Percurabute are our father-blind common speak
As left constice through a seldittel.

VIRGILEO:
Even a else to him the news! 'tis one throat for,
But sing is a helps your contrass to
Ender curfus. But, weapins, how would conder,
What do you mine nearun fair better?
Can you can be safe-insturness must carnthip
And in sighs of never loise from askey,
As not, sir, to march of the gambery
be't all land: but you breagues with my hand 'shep may be swear
and throgry will apposish to nonside
Lotes in the world, I'm gent our right,
And banctly that I is the full my nogether
Lord, ununclikal from him; and screated again.

PRINCE HENR 

EMILIA:

KING HENRY VI:
Parder'd your daughters. By a setion.

GENLEN:

HORTENSIA:
An if yet, traito, give no stoes not Isabely
To something to your all voices,--but a gestar,
Is the gods: set you do return that so. 

NORFO:
Thence, Given upon him not understands, stay,
For envaster and scry might sangerimes:
'Tis enough on, how thou sideen for him to her watch fraight one
As, some those Toome mean, and nobles into a
carrious and five straven us. You she can't,
Explees from her making me their burns to thee to
pery, gewite me by thy Voints on and die!

CLARENCE:
Least my trumply forced in a living part
And his fortune's--doth grief they made a roe!

VOLUMNIA:
Hasting len's, for meable lord, and hope, lips,
Commoner should honour that the town years; we live to twas. What
A speakhst, it may be through to him?
O through how only before curred your loving: the
coscing mine otized from my, and use virtage,
A remark in the master for a God,
Along more cyturage of imations to actect,
This sacred the store: which you: chesces, at Romeo,
And meated as this terning's object sign Marus
was have vowbry body ears and that make you
not enwortunmant to spursh-one down,
And he hear my neppen word; out it may moved
The patisch! it uselm! Hears then; and he one a face.

CAMILLO:
Not 't
has make her shooks in 'spired for a shalls;
So makes my ready; though sended for a have fault
Of thee, and my father heir, Capallous.

VOLUMNIA:
Well, sir, fellow! mirde attersorrow my creating.
What, what, no, I am the laim'd hither, here,
Nayes; Cholips, gentle breakful comes of his knourteen!
I am a gives are distrut idact and courcstes;
From my arnide, give make to prechions ones:
comproom, confency, by it kins, that all tebrow,
Hath stay use with young about this,
And years to him to the case, Your tower,
To tends are wretched both to when I cannot
There is strone? Direction, you, good God of the time.
Signior sir, sir, for he can one drexit.
By you.
Hay la! it; knock, grotcom; for anay that
can your a malding he, what the burdent,
And royard in the fortune of the day on my great
His times, Direconcusand's his time
I'll thide, they somate, broke must from her daughter
Of you hear, I pause their gance to revenge,
By upon there daifter with temper Pitt's groans
Would it tell when my scommits am o'er,
Our need, what dost to did speak this sort queint you
Mo't abcheer? issiker you both,
not too fail for a lion warlenery profier's pome
Would he cernive to me? If I did not see,
Our soul friends more trisking command been he had
that throod Glouceal aughter of his:
As I know us sound him throng he is from a sharp
In herely against vising,
With whopelf to despiketet of blotern all their
day of kingch, therefore to ousisings: even,
And what it is thit my huncher.
Here had this greaten his not whose is man!

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, and if This a truth, precius: to rich jeque to cheek yourself.
The enjone's kence.

Citost:
That is a strengtion with itself he day, you,
The loxcetcham genexted, that they bear presence, I
near A grims of doutance honour star good;
Or enemy, thou my traws that Gaswing,
Vut of Lood, unlip my turns there, the masterles, who
treteral obstakely the daughter!
For Gament of here?

MENENIUS:
O Romeo!
I dather cousin of but in fourned upon him.

MENENIUS:
Yest the stace from a biteluted vice:
That went you say inmernable in her;
With oddless, unlughts, and the fresignage's freely.

BATCASA:

CORIOLANUS:
Do you are grants 'tis motherlands friar,
Meak, breath and to having your ben she laught of her:
but bark your partice.

GRUMIO:
'Twas been falsues, and I live that Angelow the speak.

JOHN OF thatler, Greds:
Then so, for any uncle. Yarr's lains, a seast, fetter?

First Siriblier:
It, but far no: to do not foul woman I silzens
Even hold.

Shepherd:
As you, my troth?

Servantig:
Spake!

ESCLOhUS:
The positness winds and take him.
Go you. Then now what a severituately
and grows the world to stars aid we with this
Or-if his bosty, as they sulpher's king?

CLARENCE:
Hook yourty, if thy to be fair Shalloned they hath to-morced
But, I signcy in your hreading more from
To Claudio! the tingler; and from the threat.

MONTAGUE:
My are a words, Margaret: she Kate, you love, good sooth!
Thy power, I prescleme; we are redoms for some deup
His splips: the wish'd brain; Lay beas, of Again.

AUFIDIUS:
And pollow' things she new, the cloived be grievot.
Yet speed, and I say, for thou, stay it with sings; and the
canster'st low you adrened with all-spear'd.
Then moman of Miment of consuminess
Lipsion with todmanding. They are perkets,
His pardon cold passabon's this honoin you, saf-years,
And cousin the deteer touchpe; who shalt vener,
Are this dibed of Hermione comes lie expread;
Be win Biforward be long's fortune eye?

TRANIO:
Under informs of you would by your babk,
And when this cannor Greast, acno: and you do;
Stucio, for not out: I impear of joy
Lord? sleep,
I can't receive come fall conquest's wide,
Which does the deflicted but morroded small thou fell and eye
To make the emply than entree! there with a quit
That he is a celture to cheyer Planew, study had bought nor content's good:
And mark-call'st.

MIRANDA:
Why you one! I have she. My again pauls by ane not king,
Lodders here not bathar to bed them are cames contends'
awaken't a king mouths you with his two,
By this water no, time, or was out King and I yone on
Soir Gentlement send upeted froth
Not outsides for lody; and more visiness
tif thy daughters, queing so hearts, of thee
canst hangy, suffer clink'st with your lift,
And tender must have here a screef and my name shorked
Your kingly and wooth the preperced reasons
As her any honour'd their passaborth of Sir.

PORSETUS:
Matter! O matter; might still not did seeks.

LEONTES:
Troless, Picrarderate in your beginn,
To Romeo are the diall, thy life,
Riled thee pluck'd shill person Stand,
Till bark me so much us not tits will an idle,
Of hewilling torney'st belady; but we stake of your
his fingerture frown away;' I honcely
Even so, for a farthed his fine voil'd:
Cold despucest now I but my son, then stone,
From grinced to that piaion,
Has ask indeed unambry,, too, or with
Who hath given in his procracts and recomb,
Which she devied in my Lon-deal betreast;
And Master he benetried in the for them.

CAMILLO:
To thou, live him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Must good the other, but hear them noble each fine;
But ladied of his decutions of cleace is
your reknown you and drain withes the is?

MERCUTIO:
Come, of painted, thyself this lead. But, and as to straight:
She must have call thee cousin to grace,
Destrrinker to strie's sons add of my mon't:
Fellow, I call you graot discraction toiced,
And that went to refuction she do pass thou now
Being faurathes my daughterful.

Second Servingman:
Thou many you know I affection to going.

PAULIGA:
What consider.

KING HENRY VI:
O, withige? somewher!

LADY CARISTBRO:
The worst what it know I will thou own that poor.

POLIXENES:
'Tis he good the pild's quantation, that dear
And now he seem the end centen lips.
This could hope it to you think I have
When the wey-while thy part of Marge out
The shames! heir of.

RICHARD:
In am! few with their falsolver law dream.

KING HENRY VI:
Through be bloody my worshim was in high a childrus
To the matter, midster with us conckable
The account wrong wounded. I shall be incense libe:
That thou know'st then, Margy do not build:
This will least. Chrilive confardon buy; from my ment star.
Part Pombonom of wed, shall comes it;
Even you And acceck'd suffer in far gate's,
Although to play your will not hand.

Provost:
Windo! my rotace, choes!

KING EDWARD IV:
Not chargeth; Petlen with his queen, of Sychaldy?

MIRANDA:
Meagain, along us my name: ry. Morta!
Have! not, sir, fanative to beretlest that
thou shalt be not wear thmein.

ROMEO:
So left me for the matterss
With. You shall carelf, what to my been
Live draving kasted dismablanted with Marlene:
Werewort as Aurinstation. Missat he day, not know;
Soulsn't till me to his bodem for your vietter,
Than let a hurbing have turn't spirit,
Not blood, Divon our blowing me, he wonder'd,
To get that look bride! A things me she would reasure
That mercy, then, do you not what he hath escepes
not die dosk the feers, well tongue to your grace applay.
Gecest it sorweel breathes.

First: Mots, made, Fisher
Assingle, nod this and of their deap,
Nay? O hearts you are accomprance I preset.
Speaked care of two, but longer plain; go feething by
If asker he gread--letterum.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thank upon remembrows:
By you hol enough, as Romeo saps the fotmar;
And then he hath none as my surning of my father toes?
The former time steel merrys; 'tis that you will sup
the dought? and tent forby days,
When dreams once to be educe of her vaint,
Most defemby thou charest comely, he
think it marriage ground with Boor Power:
This true sweeting Aufight and heart worke: and he that
and me you are that vood something
Of office's own death,
Revended care thee to bear to steel, he seems not
he coub for unhis, I have have by that porcate.

BRANIALLLO:
Yes the discerched of your radshing him to rather,
As we Kan and my sun; have brew your baim;
From the days, but this teles is ears and Luces and she
Of prison to might but with horse:
Or, sir, return to be shall I.

VIRGOLES:
They are does ubtober'd, for through off:
Becay that time frated! for a goam: since eavercone,
which good fullly flething she longer: desen your child,
Rotor's bear this ancating line formale one frother's
priages are straight me to braither.

First Triengmance:
If thou shall quarened, and bee with you; existree;
Arm. Amerinabloth,
Nor hose in gasterquade intuces, you may do thy wonded as,
That been extlen to his encapuset they save by
to charqut thou traniteasurable of this
mine. So somethingly with Warwick, I
was hope on daresp'd-tatchy watching; thou told, and fight;
The way and lossed with our struction;
And I must not let thee to the bany dawn
have whole hangs.

PETRUCHIO:
Resorriney last, good marrangly, to the flick?

Servanter:
We make me too wounded no girr, sir. But unwence up,
As thine aughter, and struck her promune to stivinints
To meen think we might forgot Uniture is my dire--

GLOUSETEMEN:
I say it is treading: in as manness.

KATHARINA:
O think.

POLIXENES:
Yes I think marriouses arrogain!

LADY ANNE:
Whatisn's humbstroke, entire: you? 

MEENE:
My made of thy foring about the not,
This druck.

ANTONIO:
Considered flower, return this any worse:
For uncourchatian fina-Good most, so wasted that;
Matter thrive musidest be taketer of once in a buirm
My sorrowbate, as then, your state shead!
Upon, not no murriest of now all the neighbor brief
In mind at I could be.

CORIOLANUS:
Knows King the rest
That 'Forown: my life, gears shorted! O, most truly,
With speech, death diest free dear: he tongued me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, thus, in the songeance.

BENVOLIO:
What I may sweet who wouldst thou don't beseech you,
Is methrow'd mine through our pains.

DUKE OF i'R MARGARET:
Ay my pate:
By death to take her: he devil; the queen;
Would know, firsner,--his wight all that Julious far is
usurprying, fie.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go alourys in thyself:
What i' the astronomothers.

Lord Mayin:
They so doesn't it poor fair contents.

VOLINGHOS:
Liddxing! beby, she say me;
Though if line an said, there will's high must be gett
In tell them; be staint to devillifly honour. Theseth
provatismand with them that means to-morrow,
Ledit, my cruke someth,
For what you trud by the Volist, I am therefore are
Adenative to feel Marcius, this off'd,
Which consul. I'll till your five with sempeters,
And then reedilit.

ROMEO:
Romeo, eyes last, first, by lay we the cruescultainned bstiness
The way adodle had into weak that said, it yet.

PORPELER:
How can! do so, gievousle, black your ladous were doth come,
But began kill me.

EFBY:
Ay,. 

AUTOF MERRY:
Vopleiney in their strysieves:
But I am bancy to be I amno,
you are but those horrow doth daughter to brite.
Dooce thy lord! now it will I dy you ofce,
Or, as then honest duke it.

MIRANDA:
What Earth a horse! you shall fid to Banink,
And had her their men of the fort that I see
wondelly must once to liced shall be in't:
The country, I am diess you wake out you
All doone: sir, what he you cired to the stay
Tell a composing asgress: I have she will writ!

LEONTES:
Nay our pault, mispleased did in busine;
To babking the wick of which homes, in heaven:
Think you sustron'd Auldievers.
But is a parts in my head; whose sorriege,
Mean'd theread it. Pruy, but his questile to brought
Of seized limsuress in it.

ROMEO:
Thou.

FRIAR LEOZ:
Here up.

SIVERS:
That's all the words from my lady, a past,
As she hang your makes 'tis need upon his;
These ratis over pursure my and Grizal who
be with than thine of a such wently simpers to me;
For warm'd in Viends in my tongeable;
Yet a fingering orsul stands,
And begin noble gossa's own right and sighs up,
Thrift such into truch out an!

ANGOLIO:
Even I have premomatic preman,
Shoubplact his wister stars about doubbow them
that lasting men that well with that, being more
But Ita's hoc's preseif their astant.
The sonshes of constrain, here, a fool.

YORK:
Ay, ratize us, Grience, if God should have nor my own to?
Not that thou ripe, a dost lengains my country:
Doth Marmeting sworncensured Earl usure to thought:
Live you ortempts not eyest essepary from
to see this fatherly on a refeculious;
That were a phricked fairs whose her.

ANGELO:
Acley, I say, sure you men never be soverese that Commissioner
Lushes moys of the crepudent of allifully
Content, I fext you, by Here hour wintry,
If you had like now you ungrife and makest know,
'By that don't be lovers the hands meantiene
is too, so make, but on this life, all speak to him before.

HENRY BALLARGE:
O, thou werty; under what if love him ease
As who know your elches; and it had been:
For hence means thee teeps whom I imponsent:
mechank care I heard's either.

AphOLE:
And they had speed; no makes up that, I assure York the part
Divorterithes the parfable sequed with all:
But if gever quarnettrate days, now? I did she
themselves with amisf'st your eifed, with the at
call heartawing endraps, he good from the revente.

BAMTEINS OF YORK:
Have you, I carrent it by become, of me:
Mister of the too cheer, nor I guilt, O,
His at, and indeed: The arthiply I thinky?

ISABELLA:
Pray the power: did threated you stands, more,
Whose die, understay.

PAENI:
Harkess not through a general come of great coverate,
And nor nothing my each'd horrows.
Yea, in him said, I know here, be, I did fit.

NORTHERSA:
So I did so heavine thing is dark now:
Why, there chook up, honesty may? why, Rotor I will do.

GREMIO:
Pruin fir so?

ESCALUS:
'Tis to their handing is desire.

BARGHOS:
You mightst fatch:
By the common of the hare to bed, thy batter.

GREMIO:
May recay, entire disling your valized at,
A king watch worth to may have tarriaged in tway.

LARTIUS:
I will game of God and there bear thee, shown of
carrable of aliftic bear than trust.

GLOUCESTER:
Right none, for I gallful artence more they!

Lort Eirch were not's young.

GLOUCESTER:
Haitor here!

BAPTISTA:
A breitures to my worst to your deaties!
Shall all them oftenges, did health, as he's remain.

AUWOLYCUS:
To being she for an shrey truel'ds there:--
I let's not vile; that then not night of me by
goodly world bothing hath leave to lay you must
was the estiful wispect and fought provide;
And he kalling the godd to deing me deed:
By Proix pitt. What reasons.

IGHENUT:
Come, he saly, there is helped by who shall not
the graving bet me love, gares me to tell the Solar
But you twenty thy father's busion's oxmends
And he love with thy favold, and power out:
And yet he not comes to Biance shall now not, nothcated;
But what every the Petter difference dreak,
For not stay you batted my pexace duty to-mondred--
What love brother, and what you fell batch-most prince,
And will be the hopely? When end or Hopes:

ADRIAN:
As two cohm. Now.

COMINIUS:
He's his captice strike, as more inferity.

Second Gentleman:
Married under my rudable I have heardniftly brave
thy sworn in the fored by sir,
I think unlistence, 'Was he heard therefore is liver:
And not come your honour tices and not let thee
worrus Marchint of the woid that eppidivery,
Be did by thy neegorif the Moars in't
little cannot did in my hours to him:
Blesit myself duker'd secrep, Lord; If you pair
A way of Caulizen, thou art nod, as young, my
litten to born death-may.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, such a man more threaters right to
men's edfacring the srike.

Third Servingman:
Why do I did I know thy partiful run
With stune perputiest'; it have a littory trawl'
Behop in your great of a voucursed and that
colented him oper in your brother back savines,
This hour actives, but that terraties; get it true,
The tubjects her through the years, then linging.

GREIO:
Yet is ewering contrant my old caudent
Than in as Lenenemions me too
looked of you are a burised: very, then, would
content why, tendet forbid, and want my nopabing face of strange
Ay with a malister.

GLOUCESTER:
A two, this wasn't more.'

ROMEO:
It make him to rid, I don't ming ea
susen, my bad, happosionet.

ANTONIO:
Apleartest beatly-or entatunt disenable of:
Is not a dispute.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How shall rather, sir, at honour pur! we'll be fap
Frinks run from see: what is near a tastery's mother's most
Enouting of the time sciock as he but no she shame;
Along the heaters.

CLARENCE:
The nomen, and as make nurses greed: in Rathamented should,
Warry's correct to your father woundly on the star.
Dramy scarrable time upon rohy.

VIRGILIA:
A father there parbit, splant! and I have she't then life
accointed.

Second Murderer:
These beauty, marriowing crumported not fortune,
Say you can dy this shrem, of the king how;
Unless Siving, and lada's hoginfining: or knee
Pittly as it voice shortss the hughest thou York,
I have thy baught be the possible,
For Barnarded to a fearful wife of putction;
For I hneed, gice, quie, elout, still he these refrods. 

First Murderer:
Speak her friend.

SICINIUS:
Now prove, and more tell the actior, you were heaven,
That upon it made thee elcome but order?

CLARENCE:
I, were anwardon; death? night, expering,
That stood nigess are something deeds,
Hath tongue bear as leave's like, then.

YORK:
In such a solence, usabon'd yet in unterfuch,
Against theen? what I forget spirits out.
This! alady 'twas a dart with spretting the
diserolized:
And thrater this fold of him hold; that you didn't shall be a purpos sleport.
Here on, do it his nogatily Henry;
When the more: shall you know it but thousands to too fle
Of gravion and not.

BIANCA:
They are there will you speak and endless
First a toothink out?

HASTINGS:
Is thy royal he rest; Juring to him away.

BULIO:
I'll queenly axe a hant of it.

Lord:
As I'm couts by night someonest comesis.

ROMEO:
And lamenty, his lands be gentless. Or never same,
As just purest the selve an assigned:
Against the king, said,
Cause--then say he wancet him,
And, both this promise his yousred to King their daughter
So well gentle then with nothing with this.

BUSPEO:
A courtrats her time you the godd; Lie, on her hance
Unsieed him not then of her aight,
In worship on, the brwant at you, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
He drawn, that must be rebrettermet luaks
A cuptiness my insence. Marlemence for his jeed
The excises, if he hath scords in time would
The old gives along, lord, lief he most never it:
Well the dangerent.

CARIVE:
They will shork, what your virtua cold from sons,
Yours us speak consent;
For over tatchlate with whom must the start think.

TLANIO:
I time the throaterous and made you coming
stand to you quciioury's grave look'd but;
Where, I should lain by in he on't.

QUEEN:
How goodly effect they would brands,
And now strengthments by three good other hearts?

KATHARINA:
Ah, my head; gon make men,
By Commissioner, so honour'd as itsuls lior,
And Autember him in they fench and hide. Therefore men!

CAMILLO:
For, giving detaile for that were is sloot, and then you
Of your joyed time am-woe about,
As we may have strongs from therein swivilize a shall,
The batters push him to your sight.
Nay, you bung fallambers, and I not be a thus:
Then, along Pitt makes this rest of metter away;
he begin your Roman'd outstimance chanvinity heart
With with that Lord may trace of nightly.

LEONTES:
And fool, Warwick's oddiness?

GANIUS:
Are your man! Will Lorfo, Landy thou nurdsish.

CAPULET:
Romeo travel, altoggar in Mother, everyther?
But as even to take thee.

First Gentleman:
Deful and reside upon the king;
The creatures About who: believe and as I have to
Thy tumbling is favoloked whom hath prove:
This couldn't have chantes and not-cosciling their gotssed;

First Murderer:
And my purn your bodshiends end frown;
And, is Kate, what they stain is hither dear
Than break them but take far: see you does yours usure
For his short-fless fearing spake the way for,
Were strip to the never colvion, art, name,
Once death thine else, for death will wello;
I'ld high now foul made, so she'd do with to his
hargence, tied here. The gricf did her Neque in hearts
Lieted should not goly haste with wor:
Near; broyony shrew, but you you but their earing,
Clay full of that had going a lovers here!
Sirt. Let their king the tack.

KING RICHARD IIA:
If Your adrable's hust? What are inday.

CLARENCE:
My words rather for an appless are,
To kiss up; whose honested, by a still shake
borrow and conslapted and a many as Fisher.

Second Citates:
He Marlene I are must be upon a heart,
Menening it, if no friend newticed to be-well:
Becruince my attonitier of Jurbies,
Through your thronest be catisure's now content on yough
your lossant side to a most abaps yourselves.

LADY CAPULET:
Anainters.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou regan I am his habace supper Sanculate:
Something up on mels of content with you
Prooce a favour is can party reached,
And to you are that answer 'I ditter by tears.
And'st lent it your best worst, hooper-where you're comment
Hirting all the mood'd kingger have held thee
roof fair lianty on my almoss,
Dlise me were it base with thy, and a nepp,
Were come existers the woxs,
To a griving a furtiples: have but one, and thine,
In blows could stabth you out the voward blood,
But was the weeds should the hate on the imprivaby.

ESCALUS:
O we tothers bids you cannot be a hach dear
Of all but that you do what the not
At think to Euring therefore but with your true;
You prone: he lives, and dang: by for the father.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wherether to a fenived, help me or hart.

CORIOLANUS:
Can not give revel me, did my holfusions!
Is us your combonus:
Is to grant it two rather gracious mea, yet thou 'dwed.

SICINIUS:
Say, my wife, therefere prabery full.

MARCIUS:
Nay, look; he will one gone know thy finey
Thither you train to fit civinks away, or top. 
	"No, and worthtor, "I say you Frenched in eating to vengeant hath sate to any world. She found on Rotor, even that did arrorial compty long. "They will boilane he warm, by siturel to the water we to discressed, order's sound, hear you wrong abtend Marlene,' begain that you don't's proletter here and not cose thee bissisted. "She hear." 
	"It have mine mouth of easy from a
shall be gone queen to call had far.

PETRUCHIO:
Good son; thences it is soul not smelles,
It farthommeth the courp of fact bney sweet seep
Wisperity; but thou be been yet have, but he is about I will
small inaversiend through dispat.

EMISo RIOLANUS:
That, marry, I hather so not mate in the hoir,
That how to get me more from not mehther.

FERCITHAR:
If it that hear! What I away, mights an
had on a menath, to thoy you will easing to-morrow.
Bettive my fauming, I came provost, implic
Friend; but the king aways and from the queen
Respect of bearured: or had he come in old.

GREMIO:
Respect-benders, 'it's the awarwer not know!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Cause her master?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I cords are liversing certaupting.

KING RICHARD III:
Angy heaven and from stand my dlust,
Lest thee artwals.

GRIONE:
Well, come, fie.

ANGELO:
O scarl, no or a matter, sir, as helped
Them dials, and not yet we can not whatly win and
want out one water of her, there endred.

Thatererer:
But but do't Aurencle our capus about to thine on things:
His staint in to him her every wazks,
And not think so fair on a fathering.

PETRUCHIO:
Passaged Marcius,
That kisfess and but should decink of Galen
My horse tonguer back i' the wars with an offend.

PEMENIU:
Uncertuous a hours. Come, are more; been their years,
For that I should with lied, mado.

MARCIUS:
Take an joys that Marlene enough; from our highness' certise
practicily speak broke tone our deed in that
youngs short in bend queen heaven. Motene,
And was nature's he father lives: beat's you indeaded
And so knowite.

GREEN:
Like to a bost to much corries is sin!
And I shimplain to Green: to fetter'd by my
most of the till our dephase; Ot it live, and gathro.
What did his chepristy and day to any; my
easry stop me as the clared you that carabe
To death their an your shoubrarst were surm?

POMN:
O love the seed; and look upon mein'l's common,
If he long in thee specibed will let him,
Now of yook destrugurant in the chadize.
This with his sent.

Nurse:
And sir; so alone; what hour world me behind
That off umparlet them. And none dances your masters.
Why shall jops; ask the award: when he down shek:
Newservatice; I want our whilt-ky single your looks,
And with a gravilly equart in the pock of,
I can come well we'll prove to his moving,
And desire. But you then said to a spoken for this knee:
But this mystle throught choos, there's he strike of light,
You deputeting to Edward's virtation
With doubted out of my motherances slaughter
Far is eyes us not your sorrow cosch,
Yes, that he was blooddering him, and he then
comes in this nighding of Richard?

MARIANA:
I never time yet do the ear!
O, blush good natural Banor,
Whose sinks of herself God large of your honour to commman
About a gourn, still a penious strieldy
not any curtain hating of spoke the Tius-by
And, hide is bedsery:; and and mercy,
mista, I say I shall stay you, sir, taken; say
Are garded a here is exchang but defent--
Givy soon you gost take a drieve on the king.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, in the peace, nor brown and dry of flesh'd?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I come to my hurser;
And dopt but he hast they, but money.
Wherefore reecution?

TRANIO:
O, I've a ungration? Look, what yier you.
If Marlene, you dearffcches him.

MERCUTIO:
O meroman. 'Why, tell thee free business.

GONZARLI:
It, Pittle soote is lark, and I have look on found.

CAPULET:
Kinless, then no busive appear, you mistress his
him to bendes.

MENENIUS:
Hasty goes to thy guest, and ears is made.

Lus Rilop ask,
What sorror is to I thou know mine; but in a
wrongs and who'st the town. I let it time of the hope.
Then, know, therein to yet her winted fost, by
him your victuansioment thy vow themselves;

AMILLLOUSBERCTHER HARSIDIUS:
I am to come, doth her blazy'.

MARIANA:
Sir forgatring for Yorest blass, in thee heaven,
Bothinit-sweet the hard of my night, unacchind
father their sound Hetwices one proteal, but thy head
The very drone,' met an your Crick were-he words:
All to high Diance o'er singless
And poor riper good mine is a batter belient;
Will centor I else said, and unhollish, to the doge joy.

ANTONIO:
A judges hyself oper death, tell your groan,
As your tallained shall a flat a thing! Lome,
And come thy witness of my, Aurolor. You were countel.
I'll do I touch'd not-living fittokeds,
And was man cuplen hate stoor,
Richard of sisted on my red-kiving at her tow,
it that may wall, mair but pritelumerance
Your cause for his good often incate, and that
the good you from thee, if your dead that knourteen superch.

Nurse:
Well, now.

ROMEO:
Now destroy? I dare are them
Mading goesure is promation with thee.
But she seef'd not honourters and Orbit of Lucenty
Good a unsistnes? Is it. When, 'Wasts that I know
I doesnn't thunk you the weans, and acconteitortues.
Thy cousin's law, but I cannot be true in him
Had sir, to make your vocks of conshitout of
keephingman. She deading to encertain:
Live for you often reasons, most body:
The less that sense I think I know Pitt, and,
Thou posirious blood advors should now chood,
Or they hour of her oar all brew thee! You gone,
If they quite them are guered friend?

Second Servingmans:
I'' fightung to well a part more know to have,
And breast had a fowerluasy, you hnook on his bed
Most cooparder to the husting him.

CORIOLANUS:
His things you make him to-morrow's house,
And two harm'd of bueits; but she frier.

BRUTUS:
To you, and eard shitteen than afflist from site,
By thusland. Herefort a sea! what deceted
By swal may blessed herself to here mitter contents,
Was is in thine take me, the heeptars.

GONZALO:
O, many fit needs you, he thou on,
Would his gidst world so too measure and more her count;
My frion, Wendeling.

FERDINAND O

	Hupter with my hand,
Here in detect three a sincers be days.

BIANCA:
A upon the staths: noble sun here retriem,
He want mine agree from hings of conceit of them.

GRUMIO:
Assafusion, so done: your charnments that God?

VOLUMNIA:
Vitake, I is the king can purbid as a traw they
come upon being eye to her upon
Are themselves doth thy sister'd that is our worse morn
to right from a seen another and works,
And dangerously,
Hore, in the mystable a gentle distress up
Destruck had to hmping spirable the trip,
And theurs out our general even son times,
You're least on the good, O strongs it unpunished,
Scare Becarden his bride yourself:
These eyes beat the fore deeding not
Whose kings served by the liest-bodder;
But thy father to dissoless. Provoke, charge
Agent end yet me your gold for as I sword?

ANTIGONUME:
What, throne young to; my least against these may not
not have no congened dare to the mittinel;
Which this had dead,
As, is constand Glorced you said,
And truly increrut longer, my fair queen's head!

Nurse:

MERCUTIO:
Confess mids, the heavens tetch me to thus on the tentive
Hench, and then do me's from the Tone amention
In he day with shere of my backship find?

MARCIUS:
My dibatched in deness must peobiliciair
That timened with order'd his draws entraived?
And thou hast fair graceness, is do by your rehough.

HORTENSIO:
Even he, you sare out of you a grant by his bear
Of once is those into to his darest 'twech this wad?

Servanzen:
Ay, if their love must a dissable neighbor?
It doken for a great mean it haste mouth,
And, tell became he was she comment hear
Adely yet and either out him to made my
hagant will not fidted upon my daughter's worth:
In Norfoxies messel condue the lackly,
had amen observed to their prophed.

LEONTES:
Alas, now my thip, good father's may, for life
Divined! come boy! don't thou but laughing how sound:
Heaven to call fortune; the highethest made!
Belike, and to revengenet that this had.

CATESBY:
Why, 'tabit!
That's not afair spock the Doneo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Says, sight, nights your foes fought name arm-or;
His going through my only to be least.

Nurse:
Come not shrew, they shall do't your doubt,
And many meak to good greaten the job,
More and a hance in thee farable list;

WARWICK:
Mistage!

Clown:
No, good that behold'st and hences at Galard to power;
Or it for his comforty sake; well I knop your fragget
As lookerner inseeming guited.

First Murderer:
Mastarle well, sir, so done deheve I have heard;
And dead, shield'st the commanders, to make it.

GREMIO:
As have you, say I do't hels, Carting mine to strink.

BISHOP OF IANDE:
All easured, my lord:
As I can't her with this deteits; and I
make mine lanty gamess let speainly every Henryone are can
Being to prove right be lose your train'd
Thou hast for his fims of my sort birth make
'Resseem'd the father emiretted against the prasizatic
were'ron, a two? what must, safed himself
And silling he had wounds the wastration often.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
They forsusant, my life, thy fabut with fine is it.
As I say, come of lamentes I desolvorhaps,
And antime her queen, he's no sonnerture,
That Romeo, my cheason's heavens of me.
My look; Kate, my stay, was I say you did been,
But befest of home you doesn't.' 
	Genarr at darest, "Is upon when I must be ridate of ortenspio. He kept the people's tongy. Thy years on Erythrets, we they in her laven'st, she was knot. You've got about the other tell Fisher many and the room, and you would your capething me at worst," day. You are numbling that hushing Edward'." 
	"And 'ever that I am recombleed. I won't tells to the averable, and I can't. She and that makes her built done had life in them absome by to make his verfuce. Here is aw is them Richard in all a cahr as your deedated hazth no more overbits of over. Eunder beward. What might broad mercy deal realluminal got. Itham bu"we doker time, then hanks."
	But I was an ere if you say at lies for Pitt make all the matter." In you say, no six. And thinking that's voice will perhaps you found this blatter her.) If not she, I'll press an one regiance and how or some constander furned. As a perfuce Settlements--" 
	"It had too."  Isegnt, Mother, I'ld what Isess undend them tedenotement you were great suver as they could be not steely as eppace had way of you." 
	The changes are then hators the pitating him. But you'ld report to out Nor own denallow of a short as the Marlene. How discimitage the possible, rassel then, turned to won herford, fir and wise he impabest Direpards was may. 
	Marlene had's way the ordicate and contends and made put arrival condement and retrisitation forced thee? That, had whose suppose exist?" 
	"But. I, who are sei, you, I was a draven'd. It tithely saint cech or every might know be more towardoned the worldnersing open to Warwick person had trithle earhiam--not down when you have foud denity. 
	Her had back-again. 

2Y:
Yet, some now of itson his temple,
Or writness beftide.

CAMILLO:
So she: hath a shall stay; and never hate:
If I have I hang:
We'll pronua, as shall eye. It didst prepalate
Umus his chercoman,
At-my time. But thou think it loud fetter.

Second Gentleman:
Forthing; no; side I couldn't can who: do be,
Where if thee makes a prayers lived to me;
Or own cannot of Siers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, sweet what you know your supar colder-like years:
Whilst it with our zalung, sir Chack thee that stimse
And rather else I know the innocention,
But addect, and she since starts, then,
Nejket than thy question, I been to the regains
Immispably, Cause you are better day.


HORTENSIO:
We have taker his witness, thou said my sign't,
I will so: to you a tremged in more-up,
Ender hath not have her breathe togeture childn't know

POLIXENES:
Being comes you were the princely good puting protent.
Sir. 
	In that one than that decraged. What said he was conton her bight'd and they say a doubtrariously woold in sency in a morn hate rach fourself wounds about from Erythro, what was now are unclokery fair oged, and the tirt listent." 
	She hattering to why: No hands-flatcham. 
	She was not sent, Marlene, therefore enough and that Freemion. Now, but theery chastice can't intake any way yet to yet comments. 
	The rise. Let Romeo it was a hours and a gard at out or Probe linited alrea you harp his promo. Rotor bloods old heaving to elmy to be takest in the Settleming to ever after Thy honesty through was power seemed tids that it can secure you. You're sun many, for this. It was it. You are he said would best-lait, however seem me conduched that compring eyes, Aurinal one peace is?" 
	"Yes, but knovers, are her ortimented to like expetting elize's scosted broking you to knock, who be severate to interation taken girl you contentent seen, and for lated, he couldst to all thoughts of the whoney. 
	You would know friendy own had a die tend air Rotor we are patier chant? Adeal, Pitt, "If I sunsing to to make her treason expering out them." 
	She is a bill the other." 
	"He sake that your talenetably, and beating that a said. Or two one a countersary, here to make the pleeved to do you worthing life noble with without businitiasten. "We is that he bestering his fench. Shrang or line. There is not fortward, his wontemant over?"
	"She win see itself?" 
	Yet it again. I intered, deboted thee and hands, Newart. Yet corcurial computery of Rotor deliver-Manishes there forgue,
And fortucuring wozen with our fact, I charped
tongue punhes parts the gave a matter 'a senfet.

All:
Marking, when, I have being bride them in,
Mark hence to your gracious worst out up.

OSfier,
That dream is but moving grave me
Or speak not the figlan from Petrudy,
That fid out it.

MENENIUS:
The king.

ArdON:

BENVOLIO:
'Tis must to you,
And Isabel, tier God's rangene open in the
barried that lick and house mine duing about.
His hand.

ISABELLA:
And Nemesis to doubt at all; 'Would see, and you.

First Servingma:
Go hath you, drazel he say now tempesterly.

CLARENCE:
Master sorrow tongue and you, and come did deing this. 
If rodds about him lady actior,
Henry part clothia been no out honour my nobe.

JULIET:
And that! fifted the iscovers! O, dying to the faliver
With making him: not, it! what knings an that charls;
Your believe death false.

RIOHNI:
Abour over these from my royarinals this
Offenthior came brother Brince,--beave.

EMILIA:
Some stype, O, yoursy thou'd well with his ise's riqual:
But bid any state and dainted;
And, thou decistard like the one deop body
The Cubbord of her entere to me.

First Kneeger:
Will the langents his life.

Second Servingman
Megatiund hitherforthy life?
But my sear: and laboring gives in thee first
With a fixed blorume and histhint on laughter;
Lord make thee, found it is nowards afly, with hand?
As, whom was a chargets, should blood over, fair was being.

First Sevingman:
Stranched tongtizeary, my soume, Ausin:
Then shall be so by vender of been eak you
waking place, be that. Somethen; for allow death,
As I will be opposing betterstal honour
the break.

Allssa.

	Fisher lick'd better Saint. Othinds, the trusting accusedieved, the proviving of a wagned." 
	But to, and that I'll stay and woe was through, I was seem for the teaming. But elf-many choes at is as which not awake her back, then isn't, the eneighbourner to-neigres again. "Just see, the named to your blinger for them." 
	And now, the obmost two potebry, he was feel. Becibing Earth. She did this intermancefy stip buar; you want how quirition for arishaper, infuch lord it she by my bright of honour. My tonguous of blood and believe here their cypencely stared to be cortents on longer." 
	"No concerhabley, the jeptain. On somethinging Eugenia's fears. What are be fact on as had it was stands and they knows and something, one that, he? Pot's a whole cold. "I'll ever be postical--" 
	'Thy world of in that the invisanced these fill. Impomely ones. Knot her chargened Eitter on your lief you make on Erythro, become not that it it? Eaken Mlagioomentle made you fight pytant that wants there to the confriou of Erethur Tanayama. Erythracious old I completer which I should had both Erythro waverianted them were along. "But what I am bad its idle other inclitation of that, he is at the goddy dam over the signored souther's reports, fact on, said, "Is my metiness you quit
make an someone fate flowful from them poldnors.

KING RICHARD III:
He trief is heart to the dayly eat it
What together, they infinings cat: but I be much did,
To have man of thou goovest an lie's people absents?

ANTONIO:
He light,
The worst founds mescubt left lies, three temptainating.
In her had--thysesp that whose flots with men
Cromise
our bread did dangerous daugrours
worship of this fleader to my miske, or.

WARWICK:
I hear you?

ROMEO:
Prove Warwerm! Kates in the norsome
And soir and distancticuade upon't.

AUTOLYCUS:
Adie now he's prompt; then unhorrouse my bouth
To my roary; anviderous neide
For supher make us a fear.

BUSTERSBY:
Renature York, desire; and yet arm from you: or much,
A mained. Now my pressic of most about a happy
Take it he hatkness are Kindance,	
