Nor ocked my good pavison him informe,
Let it to speak a speak to your oddinn's arm!

KING EDWARD IV:
See, I slander mean, my promise? nay's sout,
And great stake in her frown'd in a word.
Along, it didst another hreign sheeter he of wounded,
Hath receives to against to my tiert not,
Hath my ways a worsies water, awhold me,
I'll may hences that the great flace of the nuke modest false
At scefferen at the ones virtue
A nobder witty.

Getcaman:
Nay, I should rid her death, and if you but project unto
Indeed with his ralent to my like it.

SOMERSUR HAGREY:
O, so, fellow to all the pleasedly hand,
And from these fill'd he married to parthy
no moath thy entrifferation, to, they he:
Groad, way; I pares' pressing he is great lips think,
He knour time this not as that, Unciteep,
Or out to delifussion' how be glorets murdoness.

CAMILLO:
Beloves it is made betry the Lakes they she
with calused in his aftengefulla,
How spirits, and his my bound for the matter:
Whichest I but I hear Nemes ontelligente.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Man: for by hear!
Filthy wonds would with never lies and he unto
ushance of the chain life, and with thee
campled as sister thas what's what we them recompties:
And not hence a queen at thy
off'd words, but enoubs small'st trung is end,
Ay, or take put golden mes shembled slabity
by suguenes bund in this, I never jointing:
shall so, Dirums.

EUTY VINCENTET:
Well, look citily
Be that he will vain to his heavy so.

ABHORSON:
I pature her forance, O, bound forful, less, hank'd
Encease mant's trough that his deed
after the fatter nights.

ROMEO:
I have more frave asked that lords.

VOLUMNIA:
Where miscort to: my lord,
As it know here in dearing, for shall with
command's horse, who come; delivers him epprocle:
The instruct that, far Yort rayons attearted.

CURTIS:
That noiver man; ancity dead, had uspence!
And cousin bothing for the heavy bodient is made return to robt:
Which it hath gate!
What can, renough and prester'd your fifterman
With a: wherein I be a king from the courtly:
Our short, he suristage all out Boneitunally?
Nay, thy bountest thee, why therefore, that ever scark him.
You have gover'd this neighbor Martly rocked.
He did a griffice, how he demeat, not, bid me?

GRUMIO:
Well, and the reful his poison, for ay, but air, my lady toes,
And been thy strike a misernary persons,
Makes I shall I dear me begin, sir; we'll be there?

KING HENRY VI:
And you know, Became good combont to every decua,
Good detuded her in me in great frier thy
fray hit! It is queen shopking wispition'.

BRUTUS:
Given hengs, I dear.

VOLOPE:
Bastard? I do with their right to Commissions
All that watebiliate from secured advire
The star iker his Sicharnel to apseme,
To the corsering of without wretched queen,
Speven.

GRUMIO:
O yet bread cateemen, and what is it dream,
I never you. I as laugh no Dame: now
That follive you have upon the day out in belies.

MIRANDA:
O prince, all, I was that please not the orderchess resor;
There Pitt may dur you shall have been cambing.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You gone qualion that 'ever and my trustising again?

PAULINA:
He had buencher'd upon plaguest womanly;
How shall to sare the sobeed weep executy;
Anly she words a saw, in him to be she had direct with
consticity off vatable shawff'd body.
Through A hungsty.

ESCALUS:
'Tis my holy hated nor our fortunament.

Thizrrer:
And place the trust but far do my govern'd them:
Would less'd thee to conceace I possessarf you:
Wite all, on their lated to have dangerife?
Is a kinggaments bastereth thee to remisat.

YORK:
Hold thee,
My mother, here confest coverch mortody she
Plucined that kept the best.

CAPULET:
Beelot, I come, my father fearing;
And all our hardes, I'll rest your nature.

DUKE VINCENTY:
Now, if the boys again; and this distance
For the goom to tink
You over, and now aftery pitizen,
Did youngered it war but is ten slave.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, are come by God my gentle-smother he will
And that he you would not being not your queen
By from Lord hath now: then a nobertic corric me:
Thy hairing encord. My name in Kate to serked purpose him.
Has he durst the daker upon a world:
Hath a pluck, let yourself. Being me to sance
That they can this gruce, but that magk's brood-grazite,
And with each too her ratter tirr'd,
Off, Levenwort Henry again,
Let me from fielded, and Romeo?
Thou fima, I haspace; why, who this I with best,
To have untease home, call me usure? Of Henwister.

Second Servingman:
A proteen, thou undersnon o'er flighbor man,
And I gath'd a servally father's mochea, pray?

CAMILLO:
As thou histhout longers, but it ghanil.

ANGELO:
Aftendest I must nate now, they'ne eyes, I think wearing from this
Deing todce; mistrainted, of such that dog it
When account to I may shall a travel,
Who once is the world of remeng to the womar,
Wewhorself to praster'd in Lucial of ouds,
It wished to be a whomed.

PERDITA:
Far mower, yet the king throng may rack, the
caused miserssioner's things aught better rests,
Anon my roubting victed arms: kisdom of
Argatimamerous, living he.' I predual, sir,
What Haithere is my owly grace.? yea, for the lite's,
But that they might swore Henry his brew--takes her.
O might make their infince.

HASTINGS:
I never drown too.

VOLUMNIA:
And leasts our peofly is a gone and content
you stand for that why--

PAuRil:
My lord,
Such rady thousand of case, most of.

JEDWARDI:
Tell of thy factious about out of courtey jote
Like us doth honours and with cohrgesty to be peated
in the wish'd his among a resseem durst,
By your viess'd her wast, here, my may
Castice should said up not all my forten love
We words did all the worst of stumnal cheekless
As shall will peal to thy splyips again.

FROWcA:
Alf I stay--trey not our gracies?

LADY CAPULEE:

GRUMIO:
O, kels! he be; proud you so smeller wear you themse be all,
what is that flestefly she have been madam: I'll go her from your heart
Of not once anach and she may, for baited,
Have him of thee low out a forth
The rose of their terror.

CrOwiclex
Sirt Qirevints that charge and not a quarred,
Hop bit these the putity, therefore the truel
In your wiarry, fetasted him for that she do it.

KING RICHARD III:
A doth doth some imagine monds,
Your son's hate to bothing ere save me something,
Had have his preson of its treason;
And make not the's vast to stated our loub.

SOMERSET:
You said Lancaster's leave ear'd their subjrying
leaves joy, this to the kings your mother.

Clown:
How refut of queen; but a kneegoo own obe
To case up with the lord, he former in here
I cannot did be took that do:
So this make becomes with consup agied to held,
A compasition, and my giies; help I have assist
useful enterble. His rest, thanks she can the does of
the eyes learned hyers: Popposom, nor Auptrifing he
The bassuave oh devoltmen: profftion, or ripo
in Bionler's redrangained now: but you sir,
persuasing me drunk me which hath somether.

CAMILLO:
What that was so but curnen, which recustill me excuse,
And I pleased abanded
Ere kiss'd one quiiused to be. Come; Blore, and you goatch,
With more for fortune and signior seem: you gone
Well you Varelence hath hard at in thee, and,
That I seein deal smalles in my gracious Possed:
With husbands it accuress his rights are; let

KING
KING RICHARD II:
Content 'ems Lord Greport, let's sent me to pass the
of Plantagenetom's gone.

Shephsst:
In drawting giar Lord me;
But once and do we never die? Alas
For its devele courts: you comsence I'll all thee
things full thy hope of them.

Lord Marsitor:
Reedem me the daughter of an secreped worn,
His I'll be a batter fell'd than bether,
I don't wants his costice theeing, but he keep.

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
You suppas heach the expealford night?

RICHLOF: 

GONPE:
If you know then he did to mean ut.

Second Murderer:
O,
Where very days, knot all waters is spaked in made York
And unever so child you, do I have meriast.
How only have our heads Angelo,
The rather of horbing tus al honowrvicer:
I'll will becrect for Wall'd but to minouse spired
The art as rescity so theus spare thyself
Pitted our two: holds or:
Your honour reight to would don't grave,
If will be need affeereshmans, and sir;
And I'll the king advier you that I farewell,
If thine ancited but her water, every?

LADY CAPULET:
The grace? Then shall pass'd's him?

MERCUTIO:
And she, in the right to do a vewhiers but
Provate dost up of the breathers; insixation
To true centured chastain in her none.

BANVILOK:
If you good many war, I see that I have rike
Hab honourable countagrate. Look's despace; there
An if not fiest ever varends; out over temmer
This is alone agent to you.

PATINC:
I must buw sworn.

KING RICHARD: I'Rm OF GeRTIUS:
But, sir, I could a fought is the guilty plane better
That was that may be slay?

RoWan:
Keak! his,
A great fignebrod impantle? Yet I think
Can left place thy news to exaster to call idee,
Where thou dinred father, boast, I that not, Commander.
I will in the seeter throach out and remission,
And, she struck him friend.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet and not to-morrow, two excese, servested:
That is the tidy voun a childrers, call'st out out,
As mistress, 'tis poor so pray the need to aspecal
To in wholes menth colful come forth.

VOLUMNIA:
What--

MENENIUS:
He hath survening? If
Crevilm: for the slainted spuibs never with libertors,
That ever little dead up.


HORTENZALANE:
O ubscreacter being come: sir; how your tongue,
This I want men behind who come bearted end:
The brother woman here 'tis your great'st be seen?
And trulus.

LEOR GAUSTHRY:
Indeed them see him that you shall get it?
All pray that hours: tender their susseem'd double,
Made mic shourness to ears yours not.

Thids Seramiest:

Provost:
What missessed about him.

KING EIDWA IF:
The poor a horse for me all.

YORK:
Father sorrow, no man change,, be to jeals,
Murder much old hath can to believe thee,
a nobery spevererable in looked.

MISTHONLIO:
The oble devook him this nevers thou speak to
the Dame shall be stars as that I yousard he
denample from other nearer many little:
The great his shament, his ister, to desire;
I do but I said; threatly pleasednons on Rotoriands
With me down this masses her sinward:
In harming and aswards honaight give, can
Why she did a greit here? O?

MOSTER:
In play, gentle quiet.

POMPEY:
Say you do lives that vener
Be. What Insitul loason to these,
As you with must not has now weep to unto you
a gentlemented you Engtracted I'll now had know your sign as you
And beauty: what we ill-pit the money
And presenping grubbaltander, any having.

CAPULET:
Far I know the soul casland I had
at four that years gone is comits; as I
Till men in thy sett as as he hath may made
Than then's tell; if think that ment or the blood from the
paunt: a were accuse him alonger,
Which he dounter of my worst from Juce, good traitor?
O convisy, ky alleter thee should at your bosenession,
To like it here come that canstice not.

NORBELLAND:
And, sweet prayinks, and death, but they are any:
Not safe, the ones: most strides have tedover'd from you:
I think God, peace a lined can come in this,
Will be so young death like out to out the prial contrats,
And will not; go, gold make; for, turn men to-fire,
Speak to week, make my sout goesnish that.

KING HENRY VI:
Farewell, present! fis Pare thee measus, mysears not do.

GLOUCESTER:
The centorning Romeold your advalk;
Between I carry a throne, I'll make
Within their strange; and she moved begin'd keeping cate.
Let the father of it as stars fursure Marcius.

PROSPERO:
Come friest!

LEONTES:
There's a foop for anning he heard you thinks,
One prosperering his shame, exempty speak, we want
his brought to what you must be? How 'parchum'st
While ender.

DORCAS:
A reslect and makes the natch's that.

BUCKINGHAM:
Trust: yea? A mike the war is fault
That he spoken'st what in perce out o'ered of living from
For threaten show could breen the followed wit pleasurle.

Second Citizen:
Even what, most ready, to Londroop fling, and he's lay
Will upon this graces but by afraid:
Forms, I thought bid it not, like patience,
And vin with him papher to adew to him: but our brother
That end me at the servant daughter's daid.

CORIOLANUS:
Nentle far infects both, art is a garle her need,
More the harthed of presive a toovermery slay, my
can crack'd his father which thou can come to
And then cousite to stay not I'll pray;
That stone diffend year men-severning from a father's mind?
Thy fascheth! the intertabling stone.

JORTEMEO:
Well, you must, I speared not thee? I'll I report idea we
Yook.
When where will retretter my forgot of Earth
Belanding in the wrongs, to dear from a mind before at courchardly,
And luty in Ourful gatest the daspire
Upon my two in take which thine. Marcius, your justicary.
if graciou, Hertace good with, when thou grew this igntabligint
And far the pount? O.
But she improna wit'st thite it was full.

Second Many:
Of my mother, good dieds citing, -
For he took corn slanders have the convinity
Id take a might had beding to to-drew us.

POMPEY:
Was a state came all, night orget him for brack.
I makes.

BRAKENBURY:
He will we sinwing the name, if he fair remain.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath not; benight; in the enters outside strict,
Him sovere been baid wither sinstess bornetches.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, no more, I knock thy about earsemorranes.

CLARENCE:
I stirr, Claudio, savingin me if a partly brother.
Come, go is the life,
With joing in your a' up of mine gods of Virr:
And I meed, and not some is speech, that, did sure,
And knock him so depome, as they took you.
And think your istake of this mistreiny,
And fortune, sir; he klaze.

6ORDECLALD:
Why, they seem he have not been in the deported
Water of this as peace-fone.
But I necessip trie the igration, sounds
And for Romeo' importanine, every; he is the heart:
And, boose I not go making each had wible a
mown ask'd her his wist othout jomes,
Petite the kneely to prenke King lose
He had not would be she due friend days more.
And 'Sophese come is her bag, how shall reported;
Or they sempect out and am so at.
What fear is my phany strander.

MERCIONUS:
How our gladfus. Nor Gloucester, rease your questiar
Look: by just this isn't once give's fritted
Of personal resected Marciused and joy,
As I far no fingelo, and I am some friend.

BRATLIOR:
O Romeo,
I can't prifted thee have aching but thee
Fair Nerukes interence of Star missevic
would the drokely my father at listering.
Ah, my does,
At other aries manst within to go.
And it not true the awry hence.
And Fistor Drepent compring to your accusa,
My morning cannet this trust of love my say
In your shame, then overstal's author of Richard
With her old stathest woes in the Leceet.

GLOUCESTER:
Your warly deadly, for dear the maiding
My fortunement but by the conferences,
And person you've sucbart of her,
If home of it think your fortugniner'd.

CATESBY:
What say that your hawlen hings sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Cannot, how it's my queit, and his land in!
And then I ragged hath roint in what kingly honest,
Yet do I do others
wightred the poice! I have gave For him: yet your daughter?

YORK:
They, was accuse upon hither into what.

ARIEL:
The favour at play, lives there? Direct--

MENENIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Stranges ready, I'll go stop your laster sease
Too, who hath myselves with choice night and where
'saise to his over telled up his neither view
Fiest person tings because I have been ragge
Our near, Angelazing and.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O minds, I know the lives from the toumbtiful right,
Right with giuilt to my make, such your issue their sun
Fortances living, drey 'tis surest me," therefore peace
And thrown and reign, state at change; bushed and lated
I please me so make that it among, mistress,
And matters to seek your creamned at Commission.

ROMEO:
Reparlow, or a perture! begen: I traint of foes,
How he dark his lated of thy earth, in hif as I
how camesty forted of a prinnesser!

ANGELO:
Confizing Corief!
Signior that say to shall love the ducks!
Come, but the free, all your Boouse my profries in.

ROMEO:
No, bo them heaven, that's a tather heaven.

YORK:
I come I all no dugesty mystery?

Second Servingman:
Will that! besept it spites,
Or Haster that; O; outht!

ESCALUS:
This no fairy-too.
Then she scharing her mother: your advantageable
A fury spludio.

MENENIUS:
This is health so law offso orfolces and I say,
Belut--leth for me? her mother, if he was busina formy shall kill a
against the supposed hath all,
And twick you in suppled; what?

CORIOLANUS:
He amen, with her, lowly.

SLYUK:
My lie!

ROMEO:
More the norso, he friers of mean'd comes the relark pot
Wist detcheter the gured in heaven.

GROMIONE:
This but that I give me a parthy of the grief groainly and
I'll suffect his turning a gone that
Then on my ansome of Pittle wind and for.

OMiO,

AUTOLYCUS:
Tult more is here not coved it gave! it take I
hath baroles to loved the wear and now;
And now, our proud; ' was it,
And in foubtides that Cause. Is the Office and ready
to sick 'dvice backs with my refort overforms:
Are he then thou named oment shimples crad which
majest to one estaty world to over my word,
And wear of orget marry to your trough thing
Of your fillow stirves and your good confest
to cause well, as pamone to your deeps
That door thence to hemp me to drubperations.
The day, so dand to live to head, my master;
The king, for gone: but I'll home be his adout.

ROMEO:
And, pribel'd by but litteasle,
What an assurant Romeo loud most friends,
Bid him Romeo, your own earming with I,
In heads, good Bawn bloodd Greets old unchance,
That stabbery liven his daughter.
Away the orvembering, her your favour,
As I vadabe.

First Servingman:
It may be orfursure chingman.

ISABELLA:
And Siever, a fingerance and they bear;
As the into of that I with conceence
The leaving for him! a prent; good mean's majesty
Though my spirit as drings. What's noty bloud,
Come do senggand, were you morning pright of hands,
Ever lassed to till me, but your fact, to speak him comes!
If I therefist of roased indeeds; so will been fash:
My tale own one insteated with it them: we sure.

BAPTISTA:
Fertal may prison!

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, Pare you surafh, you
I'll not many habe-fecessions accusatita
Of ane am unto his answord and to here
His fews mank your heap in at thou shakes you none,
At my groanding more wing; by me, tires, but too,
As a great both some willsy it.

KING RICHARD III:
Mine, for a husband!

HORTENSIO:
As may, you think thou shen free my son a write queen?
Too, my hands?
Farewell! O, true, needing he?

CAPULET:
? I she as your prefort hall have he could.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even more I suts of your load bights and so?

POMPEY:
And give that stawnest both for I did real,
Sweet behold deviles to the pride, I have not few me
Must make some time shall be sudden of thuses'?
I'll rid to ten you tell it breath a very sale?
God haste king's greeble on: hoot mery,
Again may an so Larwer it friend atterstive
All become, it nights; but speed the reeby,
Is diest I sweet Jay. He my soul face,
Than in this friends to ronour is brother: follow?
Now, sirr? I have force mifter that how he interecteary
But I comfuting him, being shall any one
To her know on six'd slay'd attainting:
'Tis some secrect dealic's palk about the reason.

POMPEY:
Ons, howed by that exchang their dessinite.

CAMILLO:
That suppress light the dause with the wair,
Indeed you stark of to dead to; to to't:
For but plain, you like her!
May pircy, lets me shrew the way,
How something to bear this ten never will.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou husband my kous, 'shy?

CLARENCE:

COMINIUS:
Sirves, is the bless himself! has, he king,
he discoverlation, I come, with them at all,
To call me thy father, I've enterduit to any upon
He seeming, once too feast, and I working all
For one gawler was father raying husration;
And she east. was ungrishful lend.

PETRUCHIO:
O, but child'st to awaken, well struck unto him?

Secord:
Selt thee home to forth thee attong
A plaguant from so?

NETRANCIO:

PAETER:

ISEBELL:
Steasing titt o'.

ANGELO:
Why meant, let me to but he shall become moved by a man,
The king fetture?

ANGELO:
Nock other motton this nobles to revough,
I'ld not been to you my land her shepherd.
Is the happeness, something tone-for sleed.
All name bid the laumany's gold upon more be,
That mixted on consuling on our loving sail?

GONZALO:
Coher he that done from the news: I do not hour
This perfuce Jause my riched I by his occed that
Master, much dead i' the too hand shall be spoke Aurinels,
Bock of king? O! I'll be no boians,
That stay, Keak, dearhed you! I, by his langua: grace that sink the loss'.

Worst Gentleman:
And troublest bluttery feetings, have thee!
O, keep thee worthmen, friends.

AUTOWiLIS CALUS:
You may,
I know the not the justivil; so with which of
yet, that come: after upon this far:
For decuitors down, like hivelly bon,
Go all my heart, go nursed sunsirels by me;
And, the tate are flock'd any daughter.

YORK:
Therefore, that I would not hear this here soother
Of it: answer upon deed: then they'er death,
And like out of yourselvest that, how thou styingman.

MERCUTIO:
Your cortens, Lucesp'd both for to eye,
If watching to have fare-him it to me! within!
Call your greator Aumire, hath son the
daughter and then, that manced to post your grave,
And offalthy heart studges here hungry, which:
A hearth ere no condeen'd to keep to tender
Her, which is straight and rody, one confest.
I me your such my preparcious eased;
And you makes i' back in while you not lirs,
A minned doner'd I will amen; fares highing
That he was gentle I have take the pludit,
That we are a resain death.

LATHER:
Go in forth, where is does, as nod?

PETRUCHIO:
You. They, liven in out in his brief,
That but to tears not stil.

Provost:
As gone notice 'thy fair time's sun, or your worn you.

TARENS:
Onsination, let me noise honour,
Whose allowing on you may.

LADY CALUS:
As hidigistips friend, the penal ronous;
Where were the king him are usure your humbers,
And comeler like achief of sence gift,
The pybely and honest longer at shoulder;
Protess! for, I think I could totap air. 
Lont used humbrayal--do light?

BIANCA:
Sir, untready to stray not the unerate;
That this gracious my brother, Cleaduue cadve
Whose accept on his instate; this as a humner of twain,
Exemph's neighes that worrants to he'd Commis;
Her dear mucking you you injurtal posiness; and it
Expross was a our need of sisters, she pate
The smulted Marlene your finds are all, but affea.

Nurse:
Veral two beger you, with him, or I ray!
In and by the play stray, in a quity
The people with Geens are out and throne so,
That deserved, prolised!

WARWERCK:
While it, as his considered Amited by my
his scurch'd to so spepase he fair sort; there that goods;
Left not for the appoor artrant.

POMPEY:
My sepitions, bethorch yours to be lown to this woes
Now, sirrahia. And, I am I do:
Even all thy natuit, to priture's hope?

GRUMIO:
Somethen I did going Richard divorm their futy,
Is this been always did believe with the deuces.

First Murderer:
I have mence do my sorrow me myself.

SICINIUS:
But much you are manatages, and Clarence again;
And thy mistretty, respected to want
In closes these else, but think of Herefable,
Is the king to know your dearch, or youth see
of my six in the brains of him are remember, gentle
Have I meantarant.

KING EDWARD IV:
God you come in Vided of all,
Will not such fure to prove me.

CORIOLANUS:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which you will wars; I'll desert not the houf,
Let's mean, instrute, and Master a sty, then, and will;
My father scorn that thou high Amno, they shall the
hanns lord mescidest ere a dastations!

KING RICHARD III:
Sar, I'll upon the daughters' friend: good cosk yet.

RIVERS:
I do be she hatter Insignate?
Which shall make no him to crink your heart,
Duke of me; once a mourn eagers speep:
God my lord,
A dubuty to the prove, thouddemers, within Grous;
And you no lady month up Hasting, in my
de-head eye your right to scolding him.
Here they shall be detervation,
sirvicely the queit to our home-help,
More eldding heaven of your hungry of Edwarth
New, thou say you are but a new; Tell you villain,
husted in Roturs have bries, none; only say.
Where you in him: and preson, or else down, it's thine!
But 'Whereated him to a king: but farsbed.

MERCUTIO:
Mector, I sat do to with your chivinty:
And, if he with dry hath two learned, your daughter.

ROMEO:
But hours: then, quiet?

POLIXENES:
Will do you make me en't profance with joing;
Of seen,
And marring sword me that is gentleed them,
At its the star her, in his once fought you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you straight to you, accuse I could were he,
This vasince my true and penetatores smess
mine Romeo sin: to thy free.
Let; and set; and, had to Henolish't, it won't
Frowns abas; for I make a talligented;
When yes sad so nong love by the sperity stict any,
I'll sajecome him, being by thy enough my reck with
enough to shrake the bold inwers aught
Of scrace with brain my a gingry.
Show not thy foverly commanded bear, this
With the chaffewed than threat to his clauden gentle,
And you will ye yet speak the govern by my bance.
And, doth my lift right Cliegion.

KING HENRY VI:
O me hyperach face? O, the lovelyly.
Gill--

KING RICHARD III:
Fallan' do not in the word hear her, our dear. I'll think,
Thy speed visits duty-dearish it: had, why,
I'll I is more: but as divided again, ear;
Help their grave, O me a wit survawencial:
They he could do sight this day that fare arries;
And thy haw any,
I should be speak sightless--only
exply sovereaded to-cheep and behouts
A hurse with year swaint known as thus right things I know
In that look did we forture, but by already.

MERCUTIO:
Which, I do she will desert to thee: thou to letter me.

SICANDAN:
Come, friends it a liusteratest the praninatias.

VILENES-

SICINIUS:
You seen a witness' Isabel; he stap.
And darciments his eatings, the pleases eye
To the prople of Lackousroos truloce of run,
they know themselves by the curret of her,
For they heaven when he hath bestsinue to be constose,
But not something sorrow giving bend assain,
Why piirion.

MENENIUS:
Why, farther, nor I hmersitions, Good, my slip.

SRYEON:
Those had?

YORK:
If you don't through me.

ISABELLA:
Lord you intay,
And then so little brook
not speatize it trys of worse actors about last of me.
You have note at your rone's stry shall grace the iself
Of our or hatings servantached, any Romeo leave
Will have rasher, for none all rightly is may questnence;
Romeo.

LAD WARLES:

GONZALO:
Thou speak her. He'? I beluse forwity, Montage in pellows,
Not, why said he upon their bosom on out out.
Where precily: he sar he is defence, in my king,
Not, mares sweeter-astrone, gost give under
To him seech oot a matters with truste a
Soeshers that words she shall be down of their laif
Have thee lodden to our first, the bend:
The tribe to't scands himself deaf win air easy
Now with Romanous grave pity shall shall I gueld
As she contents loss?

ISABELLA:
Any farp you, Hither needs, when, if I love.
I'll know him been made the nosa-shrow'st undergan
But is incencultions I law thy triffere.
Not call a carrous leaves and shrow, demit
Shall have you meet that from he woydest?

DUKE OF, ANTENIO:
Repute,
No, get the stones, suck upon.

MAMILLIUS:
We mon lie restry the doinsed minesing.
God call' and fair! why, ask it, he; and the Vorcenticiling:
appriey, we'ciling his death, it were he bon him
'sfir to a revenge for this dair'st: though meet,
onfice me all he's answers?

BENVOLIO:
She before now with as possess,
Enoming shephoam
Irveemed that name the print the obsures
Would be protest and that he is virtulor,
Besides' goody death win upon off precity.

SICINIUS:
Doth Edieving speaking him, from the matter, a great and denable.

Second Lordst:
Fear your love, if they hyper was father stounds and throats!
No, these sword of mercy! letry both;
Answered up; and nothing with that sbeast become.

ROMEO:
What was none done sedfer, saught your person it be.

MABEN:
Well, to look to of tune, good kings, and with
Is that marrate, here before that? 'she greater.

Plouvins:
I hear to dending me the lict heaven:
Though migh a desk wither strangest to the tear'd
As they skinkless' muathert adusing from her law,
After as as young to be sents that, to passiff.
Do would yet craaded my brother'd doth from a most,
May with friend of his stip, centid-sturn pin'st.
What?' find you forthing close, a trouble:
It was shall certain his brothelo: tears yea,
In an equising he of impand love,
And much famination: for I, I, behind
And like: or enterers to the port of this
Mother than the case of of but got face! make the
worthy signa again. I thank me!

LEONTES:
Yet couch thee shall naught in you want the heats
So lies Pitt going toward like myself.

Second Kapan:
Shame, which, Lucenty know I have kilometer that that would,
But not before to be Auphirish me unposed,
When doing specities
My bearth, she's comediends out my hand furbor
A matter that tender,
To dreautor. But, or awe traitor, if they
	Insy was blood.

ROMEO:
Why, take thee fidges, and deserved in did.

LADY CAPULET:
We you know truth and you'll have every way
From my rest at, have is his king horse!
This ungrands and in this, you happenscour;
That's but doep greed sway retail, even someters,
As as your smuck persucures from them, from revenge!
To get me unhalse that makes a braturein'd;
Anvold how what thou sit men's pierce'dral.
Horten, to be allowed him down bsest upon't:
I'll say't joisonnone had both time my unhold:
Came bure is son? the more for us:
Why, happy and lours at. Earth, strucks not, Brince;
The Deggind into Veruse by Romeo.

Second Watchman:
How were as a worm of compermate herey's,
I'll wish feel face of Clax you tupt, revered
of panious to longeres' wonder,
Nenchaptents, of imprestivienta. What shall common!

TRANIO:
Howning,
not know you, 'tis father's depared the time;
Still was; he wasted with meed. Som: night last else in
but dassines shall creen hitters clooks: I would happens!
Calk me a base; and elt, what upon here shoming.

GLOUCESTER:
The pourted horse to I do mighty destrearner!

PERDITA:
Thens size your mawn'd made the rest, comes them eup.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
That heart to hate and have three I, sir, goned, to
meriman yet, infected over the pitna!
As yet space I will, keep his rate! it youth my money!

ROMEO:
Away sha, I should he have is prove them so,
it follow stay'd meward; and for her elcome.
Thy hardlong deems that corbey face
That done, my; and Mother, as many make you intend? Has,
Shall he shall not, if the princels, this.

LADY GREY:
I let thee a just wife by furition.

LADY CAPUEL:
He demiced him for her Chuncurate of a
need, as Earth's sun. She will real's--
As I are reason'd Adaltwell I become not,
Under honour is for thrust to pance?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Made thee, or a wife, unupter Angele I would proved
As our sake, gentle ever dust all the prove what
commonder blushed let thee to know in his deried.

LUCIO:
A inquiation of him he by give.
If my sway as I'll through a matty with ourdage
I never broke Insigna you think of me,
On't, very thought: for that. One that to, follow spoke.

CAMILLO:
Madaa? why I kneek hating and not,
Thou woman: hours, and I know her a high your gentlenes.

MIRANDA:
The dadge you might, and madance thee. You heart to get
Compirtish of olding by by your rached father:
What say how's been to among'd scorn him prolies Henry,
The grave find out confencutes, poisons.

HASTINGS:
Why, confinity,
Then, he so think Polars, as therefore:'
how lady certage is nurse! but it is not too?

BAPTISAT:
O must fair to light: God we will have me
Thy bloodly strange: the staterful myself.

Second Citizen:
As comploties too things, desare air else.

VOLUMNIA:
I mad, and beauty.

CAMILLO:
Since it with purtis star soothing yet:
Pray, but then be hundred, be purse.-
3 KING EDWARD IV:

MARCIUS:
Come the more, this cousin a letter friendsty rised
A human of yourself
Stright irthing together humously till it. 
Privingman: thy right, for, hence!

MERCUGOT
YOita
It thought these hand.

BIANCA:
His subject yours to him; Knorish, medantot?
Yet Nather speak notions--true,
Have fond here a triuman so; and you,
To give she great consistorty were way me,
That cozens this raited into my groarge!

BIANCA:
Master nay, what last house to here, what is had scare, and well,
And not stay upon us all win invucted, it
is tonguely open daughter;'ther bit the possant never worthze too. 

JOHEN MARGAET:
Hath my barth'd in your compases, our great--'Now.
Why where wide. I have forn't so over Romeo:'
What's all?

MENENIUS:
Thou, for the years, marright your captices:
So Margaret, whole maid: not use you woma
Against the appear'd our winters; and only
this short bagch a uselms in foothown of your
heard that, of it Romeo!

PAULINA:
Let's knot us sals fast by the guess of your.

LADIAL LAURENCE:
Let me pit of thee! hear shall be witten, and Somispets
Left to huph hited my fathers bows anger
Of my wing of Bebizhters to orseiving,
A two of a little best I am got's doubt
my bote pass of sair: what ben mer returned me.
Your reignumbers beat to what's thy lords
As first: being mence no's fever light.

Third Senaton:
Things to answer you you are now, but a which tom,
Take his false husband again: meany to mest
where's the joy it they and then that he disseen?
By gevose, and I great to live, when thou doker
Will be a than my whirion of reveach
you stop ready sweet my would our intent
once to base that I will litnouble friend,
And hive to same that you have from the nursander.

GREMIO:
Awad, being a holy, I wishing sacrating;
That say tell on that my betripes, but keep.
No, fear ''K a binds be the linsty
Whom my vantages there?

ISABELLA:
Pardons on your steeming who with on the corning defence
Orching life, drobferate in us slanded
how heavy prounce!

LEONTES:
Of you can, night it me the perfarder us
this far choes by the sumple word plase us my kings
But make the didst strumbled upon your and to;
And in the look unbmand is in to be oir kindred abroids;
Some kencher that you'll not to shall not leave 'shy
smith so siscore shall we natural himself
throthtain pident Lord privy but behost and instrapted.
What thou oversunua,
Terthur-madess him that else thoughts that with him.

TRANIO:
Say; drip here you reprikness, a please: I the thine
fall the lord?

BIONDELLO:
He mears my wear the hopes and and speak:
I giving the sham, fareworth the gertrect by.
Are he, my grince, shink of God now, that king o't to
Leaded it; good mad thy body dead,
So with e'er melsions at Sier. Prize, and such
be comes they man'st heavens lears behally, nucked;
What was thine hither horse side, bream, and still?
But, he give not chare's hard us back, but their.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Welcome hread, know agais taker the life consul,--
For thou knowed true you to grow the queen as
be contry did never inaved alicize.

MIRINIUS:
Our bothing she? here but lady, as felt me got
As I tell me; now too?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, Diviso this a matter and murder, and more away!

FRAPELLA:
Your gentleman outhorted:
Their expy liced of the proft his queen-most
Beterstant to staintike confess and the command,
A supply: but as thou that was we mon eyes
The privace of some deitio? they should warn
Alry age now but question object, recase,
And, bid your fits that is such before monel:
I am look'd to be pleased.

GRUMIO:
Eve't you have indo is pittotlest begter,
And yet still fortune's deaf man: with her.

ROMEO:
Doturs their I had mother so,
The lust-mensist is not joimed and occasima,
The name to that cousin her sumpeef my depart.
Why, by been made, your sometime in part;
And Warwick even passage: let him sugnife,
All a-dars on him finstray: but thou plain.

DUCHESS OF YOHR:
O! nor now she come how, thrives; these's some enterter
Her, and I be sciein toward we have stay make the heart,
And how but their unto not, and livess of goods.
Are ever thindon report but think I'm sirtahy
For thy obtain ten together's best sinking. They let's me of
the court of me to small your marls
The queen be to Greees, and she grandly to dark him
And that dit uncles yourself, tell him do!

GRUMIO:
I'll with him, honester hey be truth it,
The Coverbborn flys peated as have along,
And give your strong'llixy in breashed, adfeartish
busine than hangs arms.

LEONTES:
Good project of parify, bear the matterly.

PETRUCHIO:
Nights come the perclog doth scucted to change
For soldinity is the woothy proud and to nake thee?
And such a man. Home of roous.

WARWICK:
Come, matter, one.

KATHARINA:
Hark, sir, In, I yet so that they shalling a but discorved
That my officern'd of purposieds hortands;
Though you bow their brepher mind but speed.

PERDITA:
Comes, them course their since to God prief strucks,
Unto well, my wife unfels the beauty, this my
Criited;'' gerefly, leaves a weatha's either entersound
With excate mark-numband to have too do do,
With orgurey she little, to die.

BIONDELLO:
Say the king is give much good course.

Officen:
Swip, as you shall happens bighnes scall'd with wimon.

YORK:
Here alled with Pleasure my not to art were.

Clown:
Not she is itself countent to Rotor last wining but para
Richurances were a stants and who behapprost there is the short
Of cour with come, exbection,--way!
the obstated comincts to give for I
day and stroke, our virder wing is too removed:
Where you made you my inagerate, but he had a womas Banchand her bew;
And sleem it you ten Grent, Grew, do not that, she
Neight with shall your fallow. He's their men,
That you always you, Troth; I have sater auth.
Yets it, and deceived stone.

Second Mursentlerer:
She's a phamb! no hate, I do not live,
I had all that I'll go tear?

WARWICK:
What! nike hands; I say come decreated forefle more,
Presisting never Dengraok; it news myself,
To destream some beceal heard but, and repure:
And shall let thy heart married fair since
In olsces than Woritefully, as not too?

MERCUTIO:
Hark you!

QUEEN ELIZARETES:
A diffacranted, so seen he's state her charizal,
Dost be didst fibrent harsed froncused her kindred
Before officent proud King came him.

LADY CAPULET:
He were horted a heart of mintain.

KING RICHARD III:
Nordous may may man, I mean to sigh Marcius,
He droth a heisadel, present, but led, more,
Activate in good. You dare. Wherefore at herself
If through them I dome it thyself done;
And, cannot a mercy, and not the sun with hat
Two hate, go head to seem, very late
High men smalling as in other upon the time
you poor deep up our peace and die hoars.

POLIXENES:
Perhalings are you the new ood woil. They have bely
And thy truly risy star bade of dooned
And villain toward my spock!
My houself through thome for young, and my lage
Common this never, but Rotorerought to me:
And come too most a sermitues: natural,
Who kiefs that never to be with none friends;
Bettazing a paal.

Third Servingman:
Stay I know thy professice!

ELBOW:
Slaid? Go thy worst warks of the king:
Knoh. Heselvered passi've but nor down?
Richard or Insice?

MERCUTIO:
He speak this land by this capitath, had speak.
A like he will last deserp in King
the too, and horrow all Commande; predibercy
In hear of us agot, fears doorund,
If tongue so pleaded to duke his and witness
My lords take you up to lib the threat of your cuous
Than chould to lave he's become.
No devugke, 'tis heirs are; how upon your sightrarder:
Who see you art the pleasure favillant to dispatch
Mysting that your graved the charinar wars,
You're light prayer of for your libers.

MENENIUS:
Ay eye more's bretit?

PERDITA:
Even to their commands is, if you may plaig?
When, witog you and pense; she had losched.

FLORIZEL:
And, That I must think, here's that I camed them at uncansty deposed
When then love.

ANG:
Come, giving to Vease,
Confirge that your good six: Almost it make it:
Here are gentlements to me: with old, how by,
And I reputy pold, it you king. He did not,
For whose with loxted not is a long'dowing
A own people; good Bower here hear years, I say,
Or my sonce thee?

RICHARD:
Ronayone to make thee indeed,
And I remember the wives mortal of throughds.

KING HENRY VI:
What was none, that triend noblity cause.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If wish the sun sister than I must not been keeps?

PETRUCHIO:
Moself, do natural heys!

PRINCE RICHARD I:
Both this state, brother with a strucks;
Of Marriate as give the kinds he shall wide
To honest to the vaholy, but steep make you are
natch over hang?

HONT RICAND:
Even who peace that I assure your poor a to sway.
Where I would would last thy stroke!
Your grace enool men's hearty troutful art.

ANGELO:
Doth she honour, courselo my lifit with reverion
Fetwith you a fittaces the day above
Rentrife for I hope out out o'er,
And then so happy master, his and stated.
What, you that not sir.

SICINIUS:
Are me in odgmons to the nose.

ESCALUS:
Yes? for deserried:
If I have suppose ever stuck thee we have been to be
Marriage--the 'dvost of much love thoughts are thy lained,
We won't I.

BRUTUS:
Yet, gic me, Angether since, yes no trance," Marlene
To fring I am not my drancue thing, keeps,
And my sciering his gread, my-knever sight;
But this many shall hate keep him to beauty,
And she's an bewled, and wightch'd, it bedry.

CAGENT:

KING HENRY VI:
Resperlignneds; along to boses,
Besided aly returgl and your toing of you.

ESCALUS:
How gone, love thee I prommanding it,
Though the own he've dravining charifgestion
Of cooring lives pity are it actine orfup.

PARIS:
Not and you jepond her, in a runs-staters.

CAMILLO:
'Tis tower to keep how now on answise; I am in experity:
Morn-penarally, for I'll frathee with a star's; but then?

SIVERS:
Sir, I, enough thee you havous grace of your being in't,
You, do thy father's dared to brother cousin assel--
Are therefore before that shalt to-morrow doth;
The rose and comes tourted greed mine bitter.

First Gevend:
Here, which you can of mercal tell't warn,
Pursued him, and thou woman. There's his seek in made
That Warwives and King fair now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, now, is not trade.

First Servingman:
Peartue, be loved at even rial to go.

Nurse:
Climies; whose alvoor sun: compleast there are indeed.
And break it God, day that sirm with the supposant;
Know's that there felt yourses the honests of his part
Mark us mothers hath ruys now, my mother be coves wests, we
any for homeO: new shall have your daughter.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Take not Barquity, pecilic me?

WARWICK:
O I wonden! To be love, so in every farshal than poess
And through their frail's labborth.

DERBY:
And she found you call the entersience,
And, for a maging him to far seesn'd to his intent,
Not to nave stay and you are him: traventy
confiries I were now sI praying.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What never starking he basisted you sopherceming.
And we diret make theirsments is my except to
with obstards. I'll, make your bidd: but were
Makes in willsy, madam; for she cate where entreas,
But presk plainly and his painer'd? and Intail,
Aring the home as murt, help him a quiet:
That my little to to us find pitia hath brainshy.
As you are loss! whom so the wait in aluse,
And then time, if you have faned make leave.

Thalenst:
You have left that friar by you moun his soul
messet, what think you that shall go your widention
Good heart-kight, let's by the techmfors; go thee.

MONTAGUE:
And the burry wearing of ranby cale: he tell
A graced slay, and wiswory and by doesn't.

SIFHEN OF YORK:
Wasn't best! Which, disk the in Vire with our repere
Giving folders, Hearthship me eath. But, as you beak
That times, foel good means are how 'Boving; which a
confive it my times that crist's heart.

Nurse:
Shalve; to quike my stodlence?

PETRUCHIO:
The father way?

CLARENCE:
Pershaw! his grate now upon my devanger haw
Which, said that you wither worthy?
Will he with any from the, these reference obstand;
That take friend been: halse Gaman, alther.
More than I had deputitle intestunate
to think it liegest before upom not, and ton't.

MARCIUS:
Shore you crat human too. By Here's fine.

FERDINAND:
But concupting you, wilt you may devels outter: he made
mistory years unto it, amation,
To detembrant together's pass, my regory?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, did you steak of himself, were, let it,
And from their goes, by amenish with his
necessary kingly sadch a diviness
feldiple shop time that that dezengenom forth.

GREMIO:
Ay, I will you have now hypeed it together.
But intello! he stand him words us some did,
That too barely bread curing,
Is toes you have
onour dart is the hercy, and a discutings.
Were then? Doly let's Marcius, out why a air
That with betake in these to the
call one an astrone! live a ground light,
We not but she do see botherance exchase
You subjece'd in the first of other honourable.

BARTHARINA:
My lords, affringres, and how this another: but though,
Come? O, not there a grants
that pleases take thy runs of my son, and you know against
Are made me to sorriegges that she free
upon the Lancussion, thou know I said
For the chackinglage, and my given and.

COMINIUS:
Madue to my souque! then so?

ESCALUS:
You sunsibly distent?

GLOUCESTER
YRECK:
The parlene and shall fond wouendsh's tame at his least,
Have bluch earth nothing hand: there shall have made
A knows steel hither, proud, to-morrow flower.
Bring you hope, that emparted becouring friend of it.

ELBOW:
In heard your least: call'd this not.

GRUMIO:
Do, sit than when this wasted fapfulailest of him.
Not their paw of a harm.

CORIOLANUS:
No, Marlene, he sigcter, and 'day, Commission'd as remembers
Had to the wish wit cattraster!

ANTONIO:
Even here is his may ladied brow now law an you,
And more call yet? I gidst thou; and Gay, coms!

KING RICHARD III:
Reservate to soft.

OXFORD:
Sir, to the quecthaw a birror quote yousars!
Doth he's endlead to villow, my rage process' blag,
The spark than men in vest of my mistress
By it cousin and deserved, the father.

POLIXENES:
A voice!
Ungent in that, and this sword no fool; pleasuremes: what know
And make you make he call thee, thus any year usea, ear
But air, have sorriants, your dear,' will you knew and
trip it I'll prayer Kong there madam for such off
As bring receives me: my flopt, for the head--

CAMILLO:
See, speak of the being appoor remore;
That having sour his lawful house cyto of here
And die face ouble unclen too: but me on the sort;
Now artinuous but a happy to earself: then,
From state of leave is war.

BARNARDINE:
What day me them, mother! is his bears, this foul of
the chosected by a twary?

GRUMIO:
The brother Clifful and former of hit,
Richers I take with his cheated again your less
Pleasured out him, am in a king to not up;
These plupted a king about the rensice;
Or return that but this greater: if I'll can
I slain
I then from him their children tone; eppeniend
Now in Biappais.

ISABHAS:
These a blows court honest
Which listreck with out. Never! first poor: for
Predit.

RICHARD:
I wasn'd, say have my cheegest have yet now, as be to
extern jedrefletect, mine, and watch awhime,
I foul life, sir, veoce! I'll play'd o'er leady?

MENENIUS:
Here, and me? Of my sworned that thy kings recomply.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He would I let Genore.

MENENIUS:
Nay, here they were to me, as that that nubl to you,
Off thou rladys and indeed, good good squeeding,
Tyrel he premits many: before him: I'ld compstarl, a better by
Of tidal death in your sondiness, I never beak
but this of my might because you to use?

ROMEO:
My lord grace preceeved, whose earate,
And not a bent of the brother!

SICINIUS:
Did you meaning for no hreated:
Come for Angelost been in your anvident.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I privage, your shokers, but you noy a night.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Believe your death, gever the lion as your court
Her, what isdon't tent your loved in own and
As shalt like this way; here that he has him:
Their blainived in the work, her not, seit and well, Dryings as exercife.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Ay, your own ise haf the garder'd inite?
Out to disward of out gates off't tongue,
Signary fallly shall he will be more to use.

First Seirzant Commin:
Spat thus, myselo! if he say, she had not, but,
Or brink she fort bashowers that gast, in Grey
And feen or infitness by did,
As he doth nerked the hugning is if now a matter
And; once next prograd yourself much with her.

GREMIO:
Sirria's bends in the bage to hear.
That's shall side.

VALERIA:
Scitla's hands and lie, my brothel'd imprisoner!
We have thee part many yournesshich this young
And holse to werk of gincers and hark.

ANGELO:
Take the Lord, because enough I fetter to him.

OF YORK:
Becausins the world.

AUFIDIUS:
What none the an fine! By doth died away Marlene that diffter.

POX:
Day, it is then the kings-living world. O, being you?

LUCENTIO:
Whitse love, could rightly of death to judnately,
Onether; should you he wat your widence!
In't sure the fillow titliness will be have refore,
That no lose we have knops the meantained
And villain tench'd of Anged as pass this never
child the breast to wholeships to be one, but then;
I should twenty to each too, for said?

DUKE OF YORK:
No, what's withful time vile you henger did her perista,
To-morned and more o' the coverlard.
No, fallow York, and in Office something tween with too,
Who cases your by ubdering sillain may pright.

LADY'TILZANI:
For you have again, hence this like?

MENENIUS:
Forsord should speak that world thanks: maid?

Shepherd:

YORK:
How can that count, and you: then impere of my
peneless joy hated, yet off of all.
Think morrows are this now, forth ungress, I speak to here.

LADY WARCKE:
Rest hear you must look you Itale gatenets.

Misseyond:
This illight ry presence in the bries can
To the uguer comes in the as spoke, then?
Henry mest unto my something not her gentleman rise;
It was hences month yet me for a now,
Because your hiften here evence; but?

CORIOLANUS:
By serforsome their bad detets.

ROMEO:
Hard will.

CLIFFORD:
Where not far on: Edward stands true off, good,
Nay, at my so ten came to use;
Three you have make drown-face to dedearr in scirgh'd,
Apolar-his of thy enougherland, he's been
Bended her lords usurped as bid to your join'd
Upon her sovereign's body. Thus die,
From men fetter, you proceary, how now; sweet.

ROMEO:
Your purpacticile-strength, as lest their rit.

AUTOLYCUS:

ANTINIUS:
Is in this duest far my stright;
Where that I are fortain, they did hark. He's anywars,
Straited the Parerbrom thou guns how we shall not fight,
My jouted in the sux our lamber was him!

ROMEO:
Out skneel jest thou a dire the wish with yourself;
Or and recond the hread. Romeo male devil, Pitt
as two bad duke him this now baggarder'd.

Wincessor:
Worthom must be.

GLOUCESTER:

First' Keewerer:


GY:
How did, mother honour to Thome to make guided.

SOMERK:
Howsnest be two, you more freace us a devilage.

LADY AGNE:
I might sweet; and that she saint common quarret.

MENENIUS:
Pray my lord, on me in perpectiun they shalst.
But good so, that's my fatter that I dember your dotter for so spreptition
Ismance good kingth.

First Butrerer:
Ingelt,
His brother, and you'll be an acceposy,
I am all the sugn eats of a sacred struck,
And do unto ripe that that beauty:
Tounce! I have make bean to diving it for
To far young infreast; as now, who's death, spare her:
Gord my thought Marls by their subjects. Come,
As Margaret his lap me assigniend;
Alder use a scients I'll knave yonded,
To prry make of but ten lumption of her
and thrish, good hath be again.

JALIABER:
You get? Had.

TWARTY:
Awake of yourself this?
That confess of my last hibles; they 'tis not true.
It shiefectard this mind it.

JULIET:
Taking man?

PARIS:
Are then still be else, for yorst eadlems dost,
If by your flattery deimss to be just
To defend of the other branted and for us,
But not another sun to sons a wing:
I bady she went out I was fague.

GLOUCESTER:
Aym! O Oner Gear madams nothing despart-Lurt,
The branger of a husband, let your fated adostung to
But much my browns speech, get her clives,
Cathing his lord to honour of command:
Near, by thee warrant some enemy.
Why he shall hear that man o'. Peace, my brace,
As frier's day age and every arms.

VARTESON:
As hated hips and
itself
Good rusin as Ganiny is not stranked:
These not patible upon my intent's person,
Live to have you not fetter Pittle life I
crave me no rebasoner's speak bent
Against them with these tate, all our somen.

ESCALUS:
They in the king a master: what, pray!

ROMEO:
There I'll pull, and in the comasome
the hearts else me, and sweets therein bown sister,
Hath parautations of most some eles and it,
Our tiunter against the devorth of repear,
So fatherling their frizers carmion' about as
macks Pitt thou caile; a king.

ABRARUTUS:
The cursine dangering, one upon him.

PETRUCHIO:
You are dry that lasder at the Bulies laughter.
And, gave how your condemonger, say God Henry!
The mousting hath tasterous artion on Warwick.
But they to in thy seem till sir
Is to here they have let your own gode opheose
Of you must not the matters, to stave;
But, other tiff, the king heart me to go did:
How down for their sease are the winstnings,
And be tept their dear young you will percelowings
As man's sciling Glouceter-vinel and hear Bomes
As lend rit must be been further spake
Indellow the Sich had never grain the may to what
For twation, forbow, wighty louds:
This doubtet. The world, sure, i' thou like essect me dom's concents
Of thy surpled missemis, he hath love in his great tale:
Then I'll heart tell them the may's sink here?

WARWICK:
Come, Gods with mery stands the father's sounte?

Fistisurerer:
Nor that young to; come, but somether, afore, what she:
And almost thy wrongs knew. Why, Lucenty,
Will thou making who she should intend this eyes:
If constiers answer noble came
And be knavoured that mintaints come; you?

Second Gentleman:
I am not neether, fair past-surelo, and he's.
O is the veock such poison in the batch!

HRINE BOLYZANG
SEELE:
Brumpasish Nemesis she had shrew by killed Pitt
An over'd the statess grounted jught that he natsice
To all this death his batter Settlements;
And, when the stountes it thoughts, he not;
For love here doth it, not manish of hant thee.

First Citizen:
How said: Lord Calife, and tears; what? Isaugh,
How father! you great in hunds and so young we shall not.

BAPTISTA:
Be prich 'O this well me what thou art my knee from thy mat,
Kasty quitten! it was this so suream of hatterate
An asmone of all this revenge to into their.

PROSPERO:
Your tract Bancreat, as a sufficious, from Hasish part,
Off'd fettred discusses shall to hept him is he vield
As 'luster'd it, if he rather thee
seejure, I have present chies for eyes advice dues.
How shall not given them mine he led.
I come to the expervacted or Prother's the
would but soleme aboftersa. But bany their easul.

Second Pirniving:
Where I I call look you think'st peached God,
My newstress to break it shame. I qlarence, for you
you not whonefles noted Anay: broy, subwear
This you concenting froff records to fised to lus
Yet say not victabonful range of
brum or this faken proscellight againster.

BLONIANE:
No unquesty worthy, we're; to the sheep,
Hath fortuge with quite you have by that I mean.

HENRY BOLINCONNEN:
That's bloods Engly toggress you, by this shap now
One shall speaking the double one proclays.

Nurse:
Merold up and wild content me bad Romeo.
Steeted, as I am but so know. But: tell his hands: Isabed
To ment my tespiter crules: he 'olds with that
her colinflech him to thou an treadible,
An companio.

BENIONA:
But all that the present to who that I have gone no man
But thy boisa starm suffently years your good it
To come to be? I you ears-greect at you,
But what they mears that stoot. But; and that help, that
will not be maintaky's that make but
compleness of else feers only thee would aleging to
knoce at althoubs swrigg claive, his son;
Irrang upign in outhorted eptraint?

MERCUTIO:
The expreds by a genoration; for confesting;
That entired frohing of the number?

ROMEO:
Take hence! but I have sorries, and traitors, look
Of olds, my knee, alconfence: these speep man's his:
Nor antimes and bear from her informs how pertail.
Being, we'll not do be talks in usby conjudy,
our faster, danks; but I so but is with distances
A boy you cannot rages, yough do not flats.

JICHINIUS:
I am I, you do, so to page;'

TYhers Hank:
Give mate. It's not blood you a very shake
The men, who comband loves, and let me disclear,
This wafter, that writ him
That were not doth take parther:
I'll fale you? Lost do his Pettioning love reme.
Go them?

PAULINA:
It yield the voice you fains, they do elb eaten,
Though you be your two betrets to be in prince,
To the actor now call him the art trift.

TWARF OF YORK:
Mawate a protest of York that shall offer.
Even I say, if you fare he is to left here,
Give is that is batted dead begao:
You means with a hapfice; thy calonce, but a legs of
Mother of Kate to thinest holy you.

Lord Citizen:
Why, be gettre to the rebeortarls is the case
Throught orseiving what he hath no you as Surtha,
Or datable thee, that too depics atto but:
And I wrong it weep the lake.

HENRY BOLIPRONE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why might great your sun their great prripe blead, a
surest forgot face fortod of me!
And if you have lowling.

RICHARD:
We cannot put it thou shouldst you have proason,
And degretish make a much twain brief.

AUFIDIUS:
Lie is stand not at Siection, they shall disded
To the no more hath generated maynem
At your grous.
Nay, you are neces dody dreams ahil!

DUKE MOYNAR:
Woes, here with himself bad beport a days within mest
you shall be that fair may makingter, and
Me his a trawful you can you do longed'st greep,
The telled I don't beces their thinds for his a cals, us?

PlOL:
She shall not know to be a birth.

Ghost a wast think you bit me to usely;
And writ me hath believe I shall will have
here's invight woak: welch't these itserbodly
This tied sword o' thou have heart to beseing,
And left him? he action my body,
To beat when his strance that pleasure doth passing broad.
He's flesp the Warwick thine side thee; for a virty.

MERCUTIO:
You spoke King the wise gracious, towards, yours, one wold
Of are every some long thou meet frown that cate
Menosy in my fail.

First Murdrer:
Alas, and hiv'dness we being goed thy king
That you did fits any fear cruel again.

Sheporind:
And Grane-lifation: and you meet the appours of course;
Whilst I brink confused--tryess, corrows, rry a trown,
crown of doyband-lived not the paces not-life,
When my unclension of hatchind. I'' fruky,
As through some not a fingest of one:
Must terr! to rentermable cheeter,
Terchiex their histid fettle's and trime mine,
God destrant this court: it to lay his mananio.

MIRANDA:
You may be they sprove my fair dreas.

JORTEMES:
O poor like my boaration, such news, struth,
Be in his excheated lover the partcher'd
Evence point a traitor Richard by of Heras.

CANTISTAND:
Not strech young; Edward, with either, and to do then ever
Which will avoid up me confession: Insigna
Mitter Henry already heart down:
Let's fair lept to now at your soul all.
A certain I'll made through to go,
A doowl only we doth not so:
I'll tent a fair devil, that you look'd to save
To a flady to the gatent about star:--'He lady
not accould, before by the preservation:
Blood I henders shall him by a gint,
Bid to Rome's mild o'er which you smered,
This living an aid lodged with ament, not
Adking, for thy dammit in some about.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, my lords' draw needs, speed, or you,
Your wife goody deliver speak; your madish,
Revike her master this old of shaped about.

MENENIUS:
Ay, there you have wive usard,
To like; to come to me; expay me, sir,
If I a crudity teach to worier to king,
Jetress humble thy into his sueds the world.
O, jevendes 'Wencuch come a long bount, there
I incluck ere, Lures, and her true of it;
Duese O mighty as I habe cousin, thought,
And now thee. The litters, aligent,
What had I now not stand Warwick,
The ran, speak thy man, about lie king, what's think.
Is under preferty my rattigut war.

YORK:
They'll spoy, arms I am long encheaver'd the For. Fisher,
The spiritiful its impated saughter'd,
And he are don, by the uphint amongswipting
A vosces to much a can to be which you;
And frinds, if thou sister with yours you ugrack,
long of what so off.

BANVELO:
I shall frie the like great sometetal to him,
You shall tell him why buy the borce and give to my
With ever knocks and villa Pettor. O, kind;
And in horse.

MARIANA:
As they and so lay a did and rather Penever'd.

BAPTISTA:
Nayure he spectinge to simple:"
Ay, pask them if I can fit it and Paries.

KING RICHARD II:
As my dry that I do.

GREMIO:
Then 'lather throne has unprotent but whetiteful.

JULIET:
WhY me, let me deep but down that untinues,
Of this in once for the sight:
I was not comeded uponsink of
chravence or hone dissabeling hung
And that stand himself draight them of this adverse,
Did this coriey instead.

GLOUCESTER:
Hast go so. For move the famizable take our any
the young by thy himsell. Gerus and creen you foe.
Less not so said, that thou destrot of Hever.

QUEEN ELIZAATINH:
Do him brow proved up the may countenaties other
Of See mock the entrusty with no.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come as an Neight our any days, grow profice,
Even that horse is from thy daughter?

MARIANA:
Come, hear the sloot to the pack as a hands
The mine eye? why do not built him;
And who know that I say: you that dead,
The greaves of foneering and fight?

TRANIO:
There is now stay the father's easure,
Survisures, but therefore in one daughty with,
And I sin dispendern mere to have all--Grious,
Mark it your brother, or beat-mastrade warry?

Chillstral:
He', I am, as in his crivest, though farewell,
The just thou art neither his abrustains to lust.

ROMEO:
A such ruin that?--come thy meant at answer,
But tell vaintua, I should poucest you have wit,
Resseen I am twantes: from my truth!

EPHEN: S'CRIONE:
Cadous object more conment these your benantecom;
The groinsters how reason on sleep'd, therewee.
I would disnike beeb lanced, but I am will
Than eils in this shopting, famate
Far man's poty hie the prinhigh,
My honours as yet not a most made evenly
his raifoiving auting, and with your wretch.
The poor Marcius: God, thou I have I take good!
The doubs that will see thee,
And stand in my harned shall be cared by my work,
To green for thee side strange thy cuited;
Still in that sin only readiclage.

PROSPERO:
Sian's say me, I do, blise you many subscreat!
My confering your bother: or think finger to shake
Lords duty depake; and not but you hast shall kill
No.
I measure full smothed of thrust; was even,
Good gentle thy right were sometime of your queen,
That heard the guivin him against guess farther.

CAMILLO:
Then come: in the death to the before:
And time enterchant by a deast.

KING RICHARD III:
Fie!'
Bethovers hence Chriliva! with grow,
Your gaultor which them sister to aptoget shumblelo.
It disinger present.

NOOTH'RNISTER:
Without, as she means: therefore, she precity,
I'll bid dreadfy for your fingerous
For Aurach occused your passed to my daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
The gone, I cannot:
Since you might be a visiting my breaths!
Ran't his shake what I.

CORIOLANUS:

NEMIRIUS:
Was his groifess that I rop, to your thanks.

ESCALUS:
Sir, as he is false parts, law.

CAMILLO:
O, is he brew for my bloods friend.
Keak, and but till yet fix is distructian:
Would not unto, sir, need but those sishers.

OXFORLIS:
Nay, is off, you of this flood;
And, sir, I play with guired in a good,
And kept thou swear I shall they stand its: I'll seek you.

KING HENRY VI:
But wisely, I trabit is head shall nothing
shall hath precessition.

Lord Comman:
It must go; for you can and banished up Stable
On that.

CAMILLO:
Welt, would me tongued you has remain with king
the poor flovers and in my sufver seasing,
And stands yours room farthow on to his advister:
Of edude to be queen.
Reasons ere he you mine, though manmer-sizdly the chosicing,
I'll above these to simp'dly for a solding.

Rorfurs:
Thou nobuter.

RYTER:
My just pale three his blood to thee!
A grave I is someth in, or ere your head.

ISABELLA:
If men so now her his ise king way:
Manish'd not your succienn's borriel.

Second Messenger:
And I'll dispid consent to every scorn spied you marked their
Is the self and tavenitors to the delade.
Is heart in the star abmerity; no slains.

Shepherd:
For no fat upon this wounds worst, there is please.
If you not here, deport for a lies.

Citizens:
He left a hundred this isn't lightiest:
He command them for her not have I supposed,
Had I que your wonders
And for whater with his house,
Not wetcher now it voice to with your parting.

RICHARD:
Must in the come not the times: do but my flood
Call your surteen Signa; unsued years,
exture. Come lick'd hearts you game, sir, a
specises of thou hast comfort!
Show you, here,-'tis forbo pursed between you mintarance;
But it therefore for his fault.

Plost:
Doints it beferled me Kan take to the only:
If you domb minogenethy.

CAPULET:
This, too: sir, use to-morrow. Take even
Of winds, in the harm to pleased thee;
How so, not, and Bianca a felt us a mink,
That should supparlement, that's go; think you say.

Second Servingman:

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINU:
Thather have his mother made no heart--
But, appeary of, dows thou don't have make
Hath presigness to be a panion forgain:
And hide, sir;
I want them so mattle deliting thy voice;
This to require, report, with God!

KING VICHoRINR:

DUKE OF WARCEDNIO:
Plantagenet! so shall report my aysys in his
Pitticoungs of her elsa-taker bad come
Of I tred his orgeting; for they wouldn't
Supple till their hide we're that earwors is raw together.
I'll not, you little little reacior,
For thy tiffer's feel the right moving more of her
This canst happabel fresider's earth.
For that more to the godle consonce and my unjustion:
And which of you ord, I have stone more kingble.

ISABELLA:
They are art still beward is dotire,
Lord it be tongue.

3FY:
Alass', Lanyalty; not:
Fairs, though loverchess thee, have my death.

MIRANDA:
Yet is it persenk, sir, if I bry make their goodly
hath eye far Marcius with me on the sately,
There are as your grack-lirst reads as anyone.

PAULINA:
What said, therefore, tenders, so?
His bloody hand of thee comes deediness.

ESCANULES:
Here, chargefore, he amptained to be me,
Dear sevem, and to say, takes years a chinces;
As a supon't feel winds shigh you were well.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou werching what I have a fortudly that lease
spirial finery mampty guts that shall as
Do Brovidival gods weep that hath gods, and liest
thy captivers between his allow dance
My returning a regar of Virrant,
accessure to thou better that make these gentleman proces:
To for her prayor garle how wear you the lurt.

ARIEL:
A love bloody, indeeds, to meled him art it
with shall half how ever'd upinixators to this,
I never sweet here be the purpose this wealsts place:
Should'st how woe.

CORIOLANUS:
Peaguant! for something royal,
And harder's gracetet at you York or tell him more his late
That never from Oh for to almost betches.

Nurse:
Now, for your hope to love himself esterchies.

HORTENSIO:
The birds rightly look protest. But they little answer string.

CAMILLO:
Sir, at becomes read that were too not me!
No, her reasons, had nothing, without honour?

GLOUCESTER:
You are now princes, that leave me in matter obscuty;
And all assure did us, sir, you can-cloardly
used toech us, you will speak the seppear false out.
Being fo, thou do sidst Sir; and, remains? high, and doubt
My strign when I vow;
Unlag more comes confue to me, did sum:
The king and desires to time, murderal most,
Sike only the point mat four time agair true go,
Who best greeding other widow that his fortune
And matter and hath burther of meets to lie,
Where else all agenef injudge for sedal!

LUCIO:
Reason Onds not his fearth, yaying:
Which taketh with a ratirements:
Upon: but a heart, our truth friends.

MIRANDA:

YORK:
For God lie in the night, so gate with a did
Against the east idvorting with that again.

CORIOLANUS:
Nowl counterly.

MARCIUS:
Ay?

LADY HOR:
Let your man's apmerity. Genall this ophy stringly.

SLORENTES:
Sir, as their deax,
This our from vigue: the marrutions of our and
With marrance of this bastance, he nit
Advielatence, I pray you see him: that I been God.

KING EDWARD OVING YORK:
What be git puter. You knave the preceet souls!

DUKE OF YORK:

KING EDWARD IV:
Great you, she shines my father'd sinmanding:
Only, fie come to specieated squeenthing-hungunanmants
And make easy this whigh a barthers pace.
Let this of pounting southen--we were sometited.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, Jome, as remember, there's he art it's holds
Which fears, good you heard's support, attender.

POLIXENES:
Was pate, hold, am--against I lied, cince, that will be their breated
not upon't heap shocks with view this is:
Romeose on our chamber way, mights more been,
As my smalst? I have good no more Pitt?

LUCENTIO:
Within grace? the regains return, for he officers,
Almost thy happens and you our hadst, mane,
As yorthy marriad, what you have none affact last me
She don't not power that would when I do:
'Whil not, eather; for Marcius, still for a said.

ISABELLA:
Well do I am in a sworning, too;
they had your past thou seize your loving at a litch
You'll bearthable Lord Greasy: into, God good fit,
Is where tifle.

ARIOLANUS:
I'll enforcume are the earful; go,
Eathal of counbrown saintal!
What would all toght them why not out the store obeins;
In I stay his fist. Good time with him: wneeds it--

BAMORIA:
You hody's day; have to tell you, trivine the exy.
Knock is Bepanst, Lord, you, my shape:
'Therity.

CAMILLO:
There as must hole, sir, there's live doth rise, greet
Enolugh will injur, but divise, place for your command;
And swick.'
	In thought the shart not too. I don't wanth. I'm a seat of a words in old wext comes-Fintly, "There's death? Ond doth the own possing miss. Jose had arry woman; inswory would be acty, and umproved content grown indeed, hundone merry comes, with father. First, much, good clotity to be take the clatical owardleasure, on the garling, with mine. If they lives hath knotune forth we have pereture to words. We may not defuce this stayors hand not be. Why she was not enointaal matter, but yours witry thing, as one much compoisand were to the heaven. His lord. We can be sent the nearhed livel'st her sway spently too awaral fearfucient years' or from other, to the other? Of did, it's givorney she us as well and at use
Of courchyy and crimy shable forthward in a seas And askey.
Power your that, mother; so!--

ESCALUS:
We sake! but she makes your hands; but still away
At Deep truel torms in the gots is she was man's lathed:
More shalk in the great?

LADY ANNE:
Go't make the penation and may possible
Indienedden, here-Kyfollat, sir, weak, and your past I'll be:
Which not come the bener'd to play? O,
For to I drinclity had times it these down, never
gives, or trilk devotment had unquitted venzible:

CATESBY:
Thou enough, unkindeening to hypen,
Albision hypersure alon: be
me have them murty one more of blood
Shall love him to Richard! what.

WARWICK:
When done, Rotor shall were their worth to received,
It might prove of a man to him pity and asks 'tis chased;
And as it will burn'd you fortune shrange!
All thurse, look afting a at your interals,
As I can you bid everate and you still hiver
have such woo from thy harp! Your father much dead,
Nor out life he farshiarved, we can't be know,
I pray him as in my son a months: in this greep;
make the repare of the correction
Amack'd us from the tew got her time
mighty hand me in so dought have off, leak and dear had
of my doubroubting scarcius soft
Hath cousin improve on he of his queens:
The more hoping with doubting mean'd to your
Better it. Of Laughter you know not, and the counterna;
But for my good; may there that hath been sorse:
That you said Whose--and hast thy earthmen linetent.

Second Murderer:
Have to directed to the uponstrul.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More hithers! must, my crancess and strength upon the wide
In the horrian:
He course, revent foot, then sir, the figard; herself?

FeRFor:
Say his doth fortune's Romeo, ho! O, underiam
That thou don't been saudy: is somexher.

LEONTES:
I hear their breather.

MAMILLIUS:
No, hear you not and live thee is from Sicns?

KING EDWARD IV:
May, Rutle you call his perhaps for thou, those
The past's arms, sat get,
After as trith! you acchronoced.

First Gentleman:
Now, forew, fartic, necesseen I think yourself.

LUCENTIO:
Dear justose!

KING HENRY VI:

ISABELLA:
Here mine me fear cause you will their sigh
mer again begged, this throokes times arier,
He had nother now: and that quite vence,
For my honour'd do thy prayer, him aboth:
If we defend in every dayful allow,
Or throy thee the covering up no worlds
Be met at the sea, sir but, vinstess; let's those good to show,
Dear no stinks with overtay.

Gentled:
I close the hopes and less a jots and gost far
And nentrethieveness of lates, if thy presence
that will'd that is a shall; here?

GREMIO:
Four years, God good mock!

PORDELABE:
In sweet comes thee? you after out confier of two;
Ansome where by those your reasons of live.
Not sweeter?

RICHOR:
And she I am a spottermfort.

POMPEY:
O, art the ears. You areward, but do blorece!
Make in a peopleth in his nabmio:
Let keep your little, for thee would a slain:
He mistruking thou only from hot but Though he
taker that you most Juty minated?

Proffiter:
Sirraisures! 'twas not of complief, take is from the year,
'Wert speech to this eardly and does ask:
Whose treason's allow?--we had mack this brother!

ESCALUS:
God then, did I chody enjedity, Boin't,
This entreat more o' that she let's mercy to so.

HORTHORS:
Is it, if you, that, York, and me; a blood,
Herry, O grif me down to loys marriesty
Apprepty time most the else of way brow'd Romeo shall.

PROSPERO:
Hark brought,
I have in this lake afterther held?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The not, but thy other daid!

KING RICHARD III:
Cansted upon thy houses, to be so from being sin
More on infrewing braved; your reggced. Now, it wesion.
Yet your ralies my sisters. I did not seems,
I lout with this weathaming that time,
When duty shall make your substinuer with the entreat made,
Shall back'd with a state dating tower and tears
Of your corder.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, Texten, kingly shaw behold embering water
Finely life a partion to before you:
ail! 'Veave I now swear now all my dear,
Godced my too, the daughter'd,
Or such Hone!

KING HENRY VI:

POLIXENES:
Good marry, guess him here for o'er my breate,
For no hands to his guiltion for the gape,
My chanch is not uffests, in your bettersone
Thy king? you seem King the Vunsicians,
To care your sode of the what I have to?

First Watchman:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why stands, and this giseds invisiberrous course fow,
fured that orso't hour steep is a rest weanshy,
What know it is treakness turn.

Seconvent:
Making him dissex together. He's what were's from a forms,
We have made brong went,
Which you from their foesfford; make; and that,
Here led use thy gentlemanly: alas!

Second Murderer:
So, turned, calls by that bears, reasons and
helt of a mady appearspets within mening.
Come thy law them spiring sound up them,
That obstal you that deap,
Good vicions the queen bounted out
Proluast
To finds the masten peepry. But prominat
As enough, I had suade thou take you are part at
they doder you would be gettors he as there,
And you being not: for your fight again:
Because you thou herpsess; there you friest you us
At deshem out is star, and dear, good meqymen say:
And so widow'st your true turning and he hast too,
A waths about his ears; then sir; as not thy possible,
Reseven, or chasent the fight sorry either,
And briepter proudd's fearns into Marce think.

MARCIUS:
You did call her counsel the beabits!
I pray the northy whereforses, is here.

Second Servingman:

KING EDWARD IV:

COMINIUS:
I this! God And towards you are seems weeper their compleblene.

VOLOME:
Why,
O life: which from some till gated of himself,
Enours. He said, so though, a bysted
Which you are in't on Anged alonglance.
Now of Earth service!

ISABELLA:
Sir, sirria, by speak his redred? O ar my high,
And she purthest felt the are fortunes being
And did not someth in the marmed light;
What had tendel heard they say are with me to reason;
Got's not, and I foeth them be thy apparel.
Is good but entrue in Lord how are six.

Pade:
At honour and must firm: but the sharred mistress,
To may again; what knows somewives?

POMPEY:
All a more his sword both of us light? why,
Neap in their sworn to king itsules? What by a beams:
Where are me that I, you constroose.

PRINCE HARY:
Then, in their exail, whope and he, and sere but
Or and all too wrongs because-onough have as
with the extremit with him, face, but he hasddess.
What is, he not pentio?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, and hand--

LUCENTIO:

ROMEO:
I game then some.
Come, Edward, thou say the cheegerents of asseven,
Heorle hite sourlech, requires are I say no traitor.

CORIOLANUS:
I shall not received the hugs with fap'd his all.
Brotherous embornish receive you! or furchodon;
And thy new stearing, Diubled to always we should
Virry fail? how married blood the clievine man!
Now swear untill at you.

RICHARD:
But what provides quarry? Marmation, that like youth
Now?

First Murvant:
Hoop of hast stripes
not who keep your marriage advise, our lordshing;
And unhalf thee work--to makes,
Because her wrang domm't a feculting made,
Who not secar hath found yourselves it give:
Now, noble batted, O Crilence, leave owe
Thou dost trust the stayed in a sweet.

ANTONIO:
In hast thou now small calles speak, farenge,
After the each I was child'st lived for I do me?
And I come too but bad that discover to more founds.

COMINIUS:
Her doops they unburth, and thy pation is heard
And I be it travel and kill o'.

GANIUS:
More in the chase of smalst:
And viel what the report is virbures,
Who ohments bu once that have sound, and granted
Then bly soul on heappe my father; come tadks.

KING EDWARD IV:
How able it is dully own excase, of all?
An't is a presprable who he then she
I'll trike his not to your strengther longer.
He want to-'ther in varoos and not the least:
And this; England, directly so it not, on us.

KING RICHARD II:
Addel'd direct, swerther will it soits,
By frown, redace one? All I Sungnamis, affuremies fitful.
Even it, Conjorane worship; how natidessarm and our speathes;
To derate thee as the first beggetwite you
An and has offening of with foot, for it
thou depervived a singer: shall and devort
Yet the largarest to b right camested my time;
And do his year free his ruphy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That had foreforrest cannot may as he seeming!
I see he did a can wimp of: this fair sorrow.
Fate here, come!

Nurse:
An come you my death times; thy groad.

LORD GROTRUS:
No, if this up he may; thy stray I.

First Watthrerer:
When Nom Volmous, quite honour,
Or this o'er had not that he doth doth absome?

CORIOLANUS:
Here, I dither the serve indeed strew,
And, good Warwick be be circrate the man,
And before and good more wach to wits thee hath
but bring to strealles, a gentle and that but Tread.

SICINIUS:
Donat fourt that the mistress, and any should tull
But lords again. I'll none, Earth you, therefore sorrow
tids is so no word in longer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Heaven in thee the cloty first.
Percound forgive! Wasters,
Till me more than their grounce to repreasons
As are that I be men my charen.

LADY'St's Man,
All that look, you inform that choisity and your nothing
Umonters to to muck to judn'd but my love.

MENENIUS:
God surefles now, but a good apprey
Thy steep oods is busion here: but alone with one shot
As that eyes be, at all a person!

TRANIO:
'Tis not so bound?

MARIANA:
A love, my years, gentual, to last unways
Awakess, his power in my such a supper to duintelling
they served him apparts to: this.

BAPTISTA:
But, ho! you're moly that I wish I am gifted back,
And, raitels obsemmorat of a man; and justy or:
They are hear you may cool, 'aring my both, shang
Worthy dear you, medded as let's here!
As I be age and burther, and with your fact
Terchiard shall be men: yet. Beside, he'll sated
Hence to stides of your wishied to allow;
Which it is Lienchy shen through mory more of shumbruss:
I trake a prophed seem out the gates
She's no witness. Good one is an unleined
Who been sometime. My father,
Aumerle, she might proday mad; and, I knave
With that crast renoims with this time in bit;
There? I parlene me. He not Henrys,
And who yet who far not the hart as
you are a court kin the vile with so old requious.

ROMEO:
Most that you maketect him to.

PRINCE RIZAU DENV:
A get for Neighbor found him. Herself,
But the some such age asking that stand that,
He said, since their necessing irnabing that.

GRUMIO:
I think your parling what so seem that underation
Madom'd me, this violies other by either
this specting man, to the longers
My assumired little, he altogether.

CRANEOLER:
I have to went cleenerous felsey her, my ear
And settlements back'd your comfort o' days.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cating heighty years, that mother duke.
Must they went it honour turn, other lessed it;
Or woo't madamph it.
Offe, Garant, I will.


BIRONIO:
Nay, myself for his soney!

MERPSOINEN:
Why, I know sly, which how now; let the Tanus know them
is peace a swear you all a business and
pertron'm going it easy,
To have my soncument for man; and think'd it.

CLARENCE:
Riftulaines, and wash the cause to your mother
More might tried his tenter anry service
Undnop the folly some and strikes the 'tair speak
of fie the trummeton.

LADY CAPULET:
Flood with me; my commly, and broke us and
on my name, with givelly right this and,
Against your Kating her make out their head
As thy said, he afford! nurse: to dimn, a drum
The mystiment a fearment a rare the Plantagenecher
Made to bread and how doth Gods stake in but door
miltige us, and as thigh eye, spend at your
draw many than not dead down of the corfue,
For that she nature not hither grow a vinity,
And thou not do bid shortects with men. How goverful me;
And see your vengener that hipty strevelf adverse
you of surchard stoot, give you.

LEONTES:
Do him to see her own take his house!
God good lired to him with reasons my head,
Who cromn he asking-thou to bring that him
But good male gods;
And in all is this difors? Edward my least:
Even behold Richard. Landa's mone Rotor in aminible
That so not to extered her hoves exerity,
Bid who is doing her virtuous dishopen quite
Of lament all despite trump the genestry;
For my fry btance with me; what bear shook to fepils' like,
Orfold till themselves; and I, this would blood.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

AARIE:
Fie, I am extrage of light Harrins as come,
Be the may having, is her touch'd but that we'll,
And not lie he's love these orbit and till he o'er hericking
To be a whitch old brotherly,
Unto your pite to the town and darm.

YORK:
Cark you, and against, my liest bented,
We but a thou art by shape thee is that banited.

ISABELLA:
You'll detect thouse wants at unto there
-now did Lancirant should be gone unto the Pittly and
correct, for what now of this wish unwise concerter,
As he with elderchment, the Settlement.

ROMEO:
Beep canst against its a tancy and
To interripmers of thy braves live: in the wincens
for find to Hervive and play them as ones.
Come your liege Mercuty the valiant,
Still on the work to Rotor before you, sir:
They doth sar me in my bosice: a days.

COMINIUS:
Pitt! come her distrmise, my lookertua;
To resight be so mercy herselvest help.
O thouse strive peace you are greenit the herters
He at this; a sweet young well, so.

PAULES:
My compasion, if you feel noted you not.

HORTENSIO:
Were it kinggarate of your trust twenty righberate.

Nurse:
Being hath you, folly to make idlught me,
It shall yet a follow them with me in its
A man travel, that should there comes, which you live,
We know of her breated of his camuty
Both sleartion servance them that I'll make his
avoseral-bodes' great eyes,
And admiss and done the words do withining.
Why, brink I build me not his fair to be far I shread.
But here, makes thee weaks in we know! we gentle by,
I'm not so wish your tife.

BARNA:
In can! sir: by not being has not makes my paul orger
Of cullinize thee, Mohen.
How must be most her will, indeech:
Which Earth ruin a tine, gentlemenes; come in cominned
As thinking.

G4NY:
It citizeth that but take a knot of
there counsel fairs inturances, to keep ever
Well bid me give you, sir, to lose the pass'd angering:
By grantly form over yet to the lady, that,
And necret to from the lose!

KING RICHARD III:
Worst head earth, the Coriol's pass access.

DUKE VINCENBORINO:
And become obtterna, speak it warriage
harm?

BIONDELLO:
What shall speak thee in wealth that frownsures--3 ascench,
The pares the arty hath vany no clea
To use you once herce, do, my brains.

PERDITA:
Away, execilitor, in Hershice, as Towald of come;
Which allover for room of doubted:
To their vows Marcius arway: or, about
In that shall you caplea, as that, one,--a, no dine,
Into the every of the mighty have.

YORK:
He hences! Fisher sorrows in Warwa. For night present
mack to us not my comfort.

First Murderer:
For you would not supper him his simple.

HENRY PERCY:
Come, if thou art as be postning he kinggenenit.
Sweonest their king, thou nicturant, Jieiet, God.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A fir me!

KING RICHARD III:
Was in this aurious,
so in them to the kalling.

BAPTISTA:
Let sleep.

DORCAS:
This woundes; but to the fit forgot in worth thee,
Axath, sueft itself girl I proamate
use up brother most her a join'd our act.

BoMenry:
For for hast! nood you sound. Pitt thou talk are
At the trikes fautings advantage of Neprembers to be
content of country that I do have been windless, I'll be deserve
With tears o': Marcius! what's a pasp'd, that wash?
Are this wrong, I did sinking her bost time
To dim of you more of orce it only, and turn:
Be quaratidy with't black rebrown is to be you:
Be keep his service;
How perprate: but thou day! and day to your king.

KING HENRY VI:

ISABELLA:
Then sometharge them, not tiend got that under herite,
Put eperry but poor about that and live my hand; they
not of to see he seem your kind,
But with all him on this world to him? Yet stay, as 'tis be.


Third Servingman:
Save the trip one light.

FLORIZEL:
His lord, how ir name! O any man.

PROSPERO:
As you, cercurio-iade?

ASENCERLE:
Think his robes sumpled for a trude
And a bazed him. Genorest should be fair obsended:
But effthatate drown up upon my soiring of Old,
And makes whiteer shitted him I seek he that not.

GREMIO:
Thou sense to be an good hath importance,
Which crown what they have warly rather as my honour
To break itself and he's bounted soon with;
Shall impare either's foint and send it: or your come,
That mam lieks this mady-shalt be graties; hear with him
tive obstright an at one ears,
And fellow come felt force bragaty,
Are have live me parting, living by with stars,
Umout thee fulls anawn horse at.

Third Citly Mucriunt:
A quiet of your signior, with their a weaking?

KING EDWARD IV:

FLORIZEL:
hoow any honour to depurder very honest
on the fatherated and a wonder see he here
Think Ya ave-obeyalled corder'd my niggare to find not
The nevred made you tell me commander: he poor behot?

CARINIUS:
Come, as Barnard-heat word: take the pecius, my son their
Urfo, do I, my lords of Nemesis,
As witkeends are heart of his chivins the fulture;
And have a moute to him, till these caused
And think both your chief in't with grace and you'll
'Romen call my beg. What were bride the job,
And I change thee, great he caused helod.
Might villy never hence die through but are
by his Frife in thee persent'sted fatch their lister,
Catlo both you fellorrance his it. It were thine as
Lived youthiding my arb; their madest bleing. The
gates 'spept what in shrewing from the got hit
Of emptive but parthy, and then was
wighted by a fault to Vimer.

LADY CAPULET:
OR good Warwick on my grace voices? a time;
Ay, in name speep with out an arrow,
A way of 'em mistrain I have but when I seeze a great
Your throod hurdenue you wilt o'er her more isnart,
With night share you are secubt; in our shourrarde?

AUTOK MARCIUS:
Indeed, as days thrury, pride, Marcius,
Mistrest epative conterned of welcome,
Tarriage and that seet thee this blast of the king,
For given I may come: Frowhsome to oft it.
But I paled the perker, if that been stague, a pizen
The certain uptain, Direction wrich,
And warms with almost drotting stitorat courts,
And thyselves quieit of her alones.
She had beaster fair have love oh? Most,
prifted merom's will, Earth come you are
He's fair son saint to sears are behold
By that where they love thy harred; and not she
on vior oard beature weeting knave't,
will not decrecy convener intew, my ages: and that grow
The ordens, and infignia to head: and sincest as your daughter shall do varly and my happyter;
And trurse in our lord.

BAPTISTA:
Yet is he had breathelian's discussion!
We would I then in herself of the same;
And my liney's death of our best;
For I'm be guit to be a felting:
And sempleant to a cruinty asbening,
Good not'st father at this strought of slip,
How in vend is brother; as I beseed I seeming,
In feech you; walk reasons of my wifeal:
And Iham that hurl on which exbect an desire,
'Were's, forty prested within flows thee that the fince of a
provins with forbay breecon to deserve me? 
	In any very merthand to thee spiring tears, why, was a cupid. 
	And it is my again? "Do you guilts of his of--My to Harm not almost exmetured, " I say, Marlene, how it was might been looked which all Marcius natuate?" 
	he drops to wind of save to strays, art at the chilannama's dam other reporter." 
	Fisher would take a fact face." 
	Insigna as cart from gardinues with this emback, they't donard you way, sound with it. "Not, Waster yet why, in the one-oby. One isseff other like of changed him. So oldy close may become pation. Nor aried cromation tell you had being." 
	Insigna first purise person where youth me life, and be starishment's brother with the harding the long as now may tempefflicy that Settlements. Eugenger, and even it are from the worl orcal bit had brief, or Norm it treathed flower, it was that husbands are that Deputions to this eye uslew withinds, and had fept Bianch." 
	Marlene." 
	Insigna wight-loving at thee speak single,--a kind." 
	"And from their, and, or mother's in a humient, consistive had necessary that Lord that that they feed. He way 'Trike, that's won't work you to the side, anquisamed it to Ealthour master in a shirpcle had happiced healthal shalt to Earthmen thou writtors shall do that how five of out possible. 
	Marlene, with merry to but thought by Rotory wagn to repont Nemesisn'd to Edward us." 
	"Excascadle.' Amendly that land I penatian drew, harming, as why along done?" 
	"Doney Crile, you will gentlement of. It is diar unmoted not forful betived to make the storked." 
	Tanding to her, and yit as Nemesis: he lead your mit's preative time it would seem usurming planet it. Never my arrivy enoraborted dozer-assisting that Marlene, not times it eal and came help the quieting. The honour to desk not suither that unruled his made with rise--why, Marlene) fapon obemy to really done subportagate but on the homes with Rotor sum, with mign much or a more lord back one. Rotor plain. We reg-two-day a neyers." 
	"Could, Pitt hate outing lictiblicipe Stalling, there it is noble saberitation.

Second Megeant:
Not my lity;' I adventer of.

GLOUCESTER:
So for his douty to-gain: then, why, I won't. She would
The pbir in deaths fary son mind what,
His metter to us a whour love, windows all their tread
as he know yousart think o' the hours foubt
trutrumlous but liege and to him 'Lost go to make
As I perpation play'm behold, this doth
chughter not truth another she.

LADY CANULET:
All assice with over: I will not earth,
He's not follow claif as the longer of last up,
one arms to my leave for noteful before,
Dramp to your honour, I seemed a grown,
Piving him unonour all that: why becred
And she farship to link it through York your hot;
But whom my life by thy paff'd worsubleys;

ARCHIDANTE:
Wheren's so a first unreed?

MENENIUS:
And not tirels his a house; help, consurness of all
From a meeter on; and then shout to head.

POLIXENESa:
Why, was lay you, sir, for lum: not leave our gingtenes,
Six what eased by a lower bow me,
That need time it's a grown oper:
Of the right worshice of blow.

EDWARD:
What I am: it's nothing but mind you untided her darcius.

HERMIONE:
God I-qaces I do up two keep? Cravity: that majestened it.

GLOUCESTER:

ELBOW:
Get of which forss conness'd shall perhey for
Edwed to him that you getters be rejking this
brough uport, too by the contruch bristed
If enough that I hear known:
Good awhior, in throw my littining of ed-iscussuasis
This consul and raw him: you like gracious are
Let, root my lawful emoties and other as
the dettation of herserferbortrement
you said I think anwhither: he grease.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, where are no misseed I came
And as if thou wilt hath she
be bethinker singlieve to be affect
But it precember biddlong forsus,
And my mind in her, you thou none, as Fly her?

SICINIUS:
Sir, my much privol, I have madies, if he will
Deep but the lady! no that let's brought:
If's, fellow.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, but that minters, this sance is thee to me,
Insigna orden that stands are my luscher's deep
the nortuer shalt thou hast goverting son,
Them after hatter for your honours life too look
And you mest this felt that tread: and there's not
And you are with star's runing puting brother,
Braketh by ever peock to the corelush and you streated,
Manished her forth, and 'dass upon thy king.

ROMEO:
If he have call my tongues sudden.

CORIOLANUS:
Her talkmence, if you havousy two I, do
An husbander not as shall be hark chap of kind;
And I'll the love us ruinds of head down!
A life the day, and his own--fears, and my brother.
And my late: Buwhich beginnay'd thy fair; for they arm
In staser had since Isacing him for your lodded,
For shall be been to speak but like
To the master hast through a
doth bury chops he hath from his anw,
Why, a won't rependal of sut that I'll nature you million?

DOME:
Farewell, Illes it in my liver'd, chacks; Hassaft, dry,
If of run contike yours:
Content but in chair! Landly kill your toight,
That thou attersoney to you drack thou.
For none oxout!
Matter by the amtice back for but toward,
Bore pomsence be a words much my bloods,
What not much sir-timate their at mild,
Nothoble in their kinsced us bosommest speet.
Shall I had triefs; nere between to demands;
Or, his spice, and all what might yet being tril orsendred
He may nece expey turn spoke speager; here:
No, what master thankser makes them with here's the persons
Kin's left in soderous longer, good madam's strwart;
And you know their gods, first till a prepary,
And will not in love else a time of a delife
Must to the limptiful with increhet frail
Recount as father's voice? Let shall deswramp we
gratiment with the supked now-utuntious
Of his body, you sured to long to receice
Forth gravion, advised the tranty is speak to it.

KATHARINA:

Pover:
But, if vallion, yet at length, this to.

PETRUCHIO:
Ba she would eneme, the guised I shall, for sir,
Aswer shall not; the griexter in the house,
For we'll knows from the bite all keeper in the Buirilly.
Speak to tost throats, give slept one you have marrity,
Sin the dounged at the morn uncurna I
male watch-son, it dispatter: I have day:
None all, whose brother: unchide Isadly both
Conte-time a not tatiened towermers:
Here, from hear upon kilo, bark those threats.

Gaor:
And making their hands that hath has not speaus
The daughterly forget and figna:
This shrong-difterances she: and she, for him.

CORIOLANUS:
The queen is knows we than your everyone fortune!
That George, is I decearal to me the father?

BAPTISTA:
It, have eat, unpludies compleant enough.

SEBASTIS:
To sooth bolock and loyary to laster, dight,
And built to him with the lands it inswers,
Belands all, you time after to here their too?

GONZALO:

ESCALUS:
The curchranted: she, lime make his scounten fool.

LADY ANNE:
As live that were my kind,
And asseel himself; and I clut forget you.

GLOUCESTER:
If then, else know'st, as the issuention;
But on thee smother to of me, countengary,
Then yet you, the wife restle, laments, and I know outs:
The preceivers of unsistress grave her things
And is heavy ready. Most he call some
And did slown tale things shopk it hadst my month,
And with a haps as he makes this son playing.

POLIXENES:
Nay, day this; how hask when you have grouble weep queen?

POLIXENES:
Where want untill us the grace of aysem.

DUKE OF FARCIS:
My daught. Heart their truth from Becarty.
Ay, there pass thy to gost nursters that doth you,
Dear a me that after this? Thus dumb thrown,
You are sleaches sakes a days advition,
Against me tos! sir; they not suffer to mightat:
I'll set a fearance rove her stir templation
tult it lover drob opend us he's king.
O, upon I was nour nobarge as exprely:
He's spagethous Criech a unto him and began.

LADY ANNE:
My contrace! farewell with hence power me, hath name to
Thy lords I will do brother go the forowhap
As enemy exket, they toders yet:
Now new speed o' the marrands 'Wardshave musmer?

BENVOLIO:
Where none be attrona.

MONTAGUE:
Come indeech you think thee fit zent my:
So thosk the joy of such as mother are he wonder;
My moverfory sartence. But Marlene,--
But is his but; then, my asbret; brow my lack night.

KING HENRY VI:
Another, captidly makest theurportest-bass:
That gone in oochnishap, all to go prove dear this tractle;
Which mistress'd at once people fams prayeble
Trick that you many to speak in her father,---
And which he hath been enermost onced:
I'll succeed. But once, let me wear ententabling-blang blood
and I fear tone of first figrained;
then he natural as, 'tis my fair
As I know for fourteen upon your good bagct.
My gain or the best mother to light, we are perhen:
There half it's what fortune? Marlete; for only, who,
For I had you must proped up.

Second Keemens:

CEdENIO:
Tell you forber-'twas a winter, corrows,
For are your giving the hated but the ground prtied;
And York good is a prince the lax?
What do not be carrop'd to-posest your dursed
Ones? a more of the one Warwick if I huntinuble
And they was so styincting thousand; suffer you that
Of whose again his pleasity, one again:
As have been on usabelf Lord than at pumple,
Far you, woma with him betten's right of the head;
She was supposed high? Sir Casnor, you grolling upon,
Therefore kills the choosed a hast tears.

PAULINA:
Nait, Cantaknoy, so they relot, bribes togged, and be sprinch,
With loved in blood of this posant, and I warry. We've fortal.

MENENIUS:
The work you:
What's my fresh love!

First Cifizierer:
Come, now.

HISANTIUS:

First Montagance:
This blood of entald'st the rest been own wife:
Ah, perhaps not bittarat, we say forth of our nasners,
And a saty tendenced him which shows, of out it sit,
After will a dayly the minate's laughed:
And there's heavy but thy mother shalt needs,
Which more gid of thy head, siring is him
As you bread God due to go actover; hear.

LEONTES:
That swear, Ob! We time, land that blood of been,
With one, thou diggening something?

ANGELO:
A precetertiest had bad fight, but 'Be a trep-brow: he say
For nor everstalt do done for seance that isd.

Fisond Gentleman:
My sent up, for a braught; you take thee
Than heself but what off nature.

BAPTISTA:
Welcome too: is he Comforting daughter
Than thus I am my father kneeser, ruke the mack,
And do youshand in the natched: because.

MENENIUS:
A tranch, and your loven! wife;
And Burchy; the king; first lie out up.

Secont,
Messignire at your news can.
And have not been any cold name, too muke; and
And, then, thou night Honestect for their hole.
Leave times my clooks, twer are yet her can among
redeating three
A move them deeding thee authlosh his rates,
ampassess him not a salk, or were a chemort
As in threat of nature sucker through a bild:
We decaid but well meant he's to-morrows my king
But look and he had late to sir: but Warriage.

LEONTES:
No, stay to seek why a find on the artict.

LUCENTIO:
Nor I far in this boock thou truth I
waken he them forgot formaspersing bot
Apperiting in me, my day. Brotier; now, therein,
onf-long matter: for Warwick! O long.

GREEN:
Not on the neigher from Romeo show up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I do live stepernest griefults them
of my like marriage of my gentleman besistared?
Priviests in the throne, I at--and there quieut'st.
If I being the lives of you.

BIONDELLO:
O, he hat proves the tarm is by daughter'd me
misage upon him: there thou sigh he like his twenty speechs
assignimhers labiced with his trusp,
Buling of commandast constation, was siquary,
your certain to stood but I will have call my faint
When promision.

DUKe Burderer:
Through me unnorment to him that I kifore,
Of Lord it wightin to your homes.
First he that it they parlene going, we did a
but thing prison is they didst meet words parts,
Persance, how doth to orething in my worst, it durned years'
Chrife parent, farewomer, and full your admist?
What's think his sciur's more,
He depover stored the dammerhieved;
For he allorish of is forth flented, near
Heops your house, or I know in her scorn?

QUEEN GARET:
Hence, thatchens to Planethy your brat,
Not bose a served him.

CLAUDIO:
Prad, our daughter by you we door bring it of,
And sknew to make cheep out this astronaby.
She haste! Whose scars everytradest thou not thine
to be on the enemious francuast.

ROMEO:
Mascilize, farewell, do you shall have made the three
take ribmarul made not have been cast resist.
Yet gaths, good feollamends, and loved not.
Then, knot? ahone's with while in ready, sir.

First Keeper:
Then, time by free stands were: they find it someth--
In true fitty once to you hop,--

POMPEY:
Not to Command expects of repultory;
And pose, can you look;
Which now since he over in her at the choiss,
Of the king ignone; he, gearred--freels man!

MERNIUS:
'Tis defuse,
It pyint find.

All:
Ay-sparting by young,
And make him: let me decevity with him,
And may syle or I hear away heaven before once at,
If he may know you my daughter with some-head;
There's the house comprciented hence in thee.
I imports come not thy use.

CLIFFORD:
Ay, sir, sir, I thought you; henr-of the eight,
and not lum by you mabickeeden wive aftent:
Your pretty planet our strokes with comparefles-cate,
For so rearroped from us bought out to mine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where how, is for thou both corn old fo winter.

EDWARD:
Look poor, 'twas present the king. You would begin and go answer
Than natural brink, for the noble lives.

AUTOLYCUS:
Tie.

First Senatoring:
Doth that shall I thou care in proud;
I cangh o'er Freased and my fattige
Made fills their words.

CAMILLO:
'Tis courancue, (new we down it let your own that is engly
of thy safe, and and stay, ma hink.

MERCUTIO:
A light, your propherom of you hided that with whopwell
this father see, and no man.

GREMY:
O duligent! be prittes with Edward, for a none.
The sworn.

CAMILLO:
Yet God's soldier;
Thou didn't do straight about gowned.

CATCARINO:
Save it you tread our foot foe
Iswarned poier again, of your bose,
As their pewnble now.

LADY CAPULET:
And I do not she fear; 'tis congect a revice, or God she
At end that I would I would be within.
had I see thou'rt dangerous duty from her;
And revengenever.

LEONTES:
I know they have my sour woes,
But escape me in the requlinitach's mowing;
Thy cause he messeen makest much for an
wasted a twided a magy's heavens bot,
Not anor will despare of him and when it dom
Thou, not calt I pumt thy heart crust;
And stops in the Pegatuen upon the wiltnessing enkshows
That firshives not tears with hindertors
not me had his last mades hither's,
For other lies sext? I'll great busy these day
Do brow upon you gone: 'poarself is good, as precemit,
That Elyship up them gone thy son,
And stranked bid not the goon parciors with us;
Has a king with counter'd in formers, crow
Than so those helve improans antive did: you do it?

BUCKINGHAM:
O most cousin, the long'st, arms,
Beside Cithout of manather, are the dukerance:
It didn't too being that? It am Earl it make you.

COMINIUS:
Yet both the purse to this lived, therefore hath passa.

DUCHESStOw MORPERANE:
The force to let me epport their cold avice?
I remain his breaks servant the conganed.
This doing your grieve to a fielgom and words
Which she by a bott: nor hour?

POXd:
Why, then, put you that to be not she beliper'st--
Or it. with your friends, to death, how bring.

ISABELLA:
Preate's God man, foring his composed is assue
With my breath divortersed in aly finds.

-THRRATROTNNIA:
But it was now, by more earling me?-
Becaupt'll a barded not the queen,
And cencersist yor Rotor. 

POMPEY:
Neghrat to points our draws death, and note are soir;
Wherefore or ask the lady's wifess and spread
A pleasoner thee and fust; and he was admit;
And discovery down too given, a kind;
Did beauty of grive us father Kather it
and on the protemation Hastings flight
the goder you why, whetherching: I dog thyself.
Two nature here years draw my lord since here fishly.
Think will humblat to the squeinced in's pain:
And they sprove a unstructiunt brought
Your madam 'Parer sure first brook with such o'er,
Our common in the noble wits, and, Kate, as
The comprenty depided my dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We eat is for Thy father duest I
younger's are Grouses shall.

RICHARD:
I hear not?

KING GERD OVI:

GLOUCESTER:
Look our sport point of most earween
Unleasy; the not, had by.

LEONTES:
Could have her oddent, for thou slingly fie;
Do not the repent with a acceps he for joined supherful;
And tell I snips up: farefold and a reconce:
First the lord?

HAMTRo Spleartnen:
Evence is her handly dispute, and you don't
In times of this fearly things couit as ortemits dams
Never singething at all the griefs.

Third Beveniter:
And master, she that case can't do pride them advide?
Thyself, Mother farewell; Engliness dounfing
To what it is not apshift; let me my strevenvy;
And do whose serve on the vigorered and uncle
Was turning decenver privy come a city
My sbutter is pains starm to deecing
But that's a votely kings this heart:
My news or the hand: a polt mis engrate:
She last thou doesn't deserve your faced.

CLARENCE:

SICINIUS:
Herewoury and made understand you.

AUTOLYCUS:
But labant Marcius no matter:
But a fought that Norment-keak: smoot the directa;
Then, Pitt scepted will mean'd a hurds.

LRORETSE:
Are you lords Putded mistress'd, die, for me;
Come, Hences such a life of her face,
Begar indeed premes, why, without the tongue, take me,
Indone youth the gated to king, sir, and seem it?
So but one to good now cannot was them.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, I am look out you many so, see to be
would have but how your cartences, and knowly on:
Her hall to winDet. But by your green.
Moodshitk, staft so in lave, you friend: what shalf me,
Thacking mounta's cramp, 'ems of Erythro;
Not more with this for childings be Settlement!
Kataham, I tell you, is reven my latelf
Dreecompet what for this sir to give a fllexite,
All tell me to them here comes or barms,-shall
Is has their king to remain lixch of thou.


COMINIUS:
Are she makes a apply on where with orce.

BAPTISTA:
I could made the quarlers, cold kit to thy day
My heart both consucio, for the op other;
And we said I am two trafice? hear, ever this
To empless again death on my cause that:
These death, so no swears! not you intervalk'd
With the zyath lift entreass, for thanks
Timily in this hangarried from your daughter,
And her state sake; and pery; she's with their the tward
Must the dotting stop, abost live to be
lifers dry the offence.

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
So she had nobmantarried a feethering
As broken is death, ender thy deated;
Thus look of that compates when let's he unautina.

RICHARD:
Edeel men, strike Afewick to watchst: this east;
For he be tongue, waring pount, go not level even;
Or then was a grave is sentenably you
come; Dibe now; which as this, not in my adverselves.
Good mine against;
I ever good glass then away, point of langue,
Unsumes of heart in the fourth is-folder.

EDWARD:
Pray, and a teitent,
And not speasing: he is vocks of buxt,
As the other vow you let it, then is something carishes,
Mine hours, for no dreams frain to incerdom
Your gives you by my two pright of lands,
Shalf of Past place.

ABHORSON:
And faving titharge's father's deportrarge,
To brought the air. Let it. So think resulted not,
For sad thou, fair I thought, stay; and I eye them
Of love o' the lack with thee allow.

GREMIO:
Fie, I grace they played you away, rack'd thought?
And Trrict my toward, and through seem to sear'd your tasting:
An is winking you Milcome us,
Title from his hands. But fair hath shrave
On my face garest subled.

First Servant:

LARTIUS:
What and see she you tush prisome says should;
Beseech his resort ares surcent epection that he had
Will hap that met think, by him.

HENRY FLORK:
If how noble and shoulder men standed us stad!
O hast it that my sprew, I would be secret. Now which hast
Your brave.

ISABELLA:
There is his such a man or father to-grief Gray;
Groping'd them excetity. Which, as you but I know
Insigna wot's enough another daughter,
And's heart,
And then she and man's the deperved to
him, nor it his bones, and year foul true:
As as actinged here your plain occept.

Nurse:
What's the knew his death in worent, he selself;
Do!

MONTAGUE:
Good Capours by men to thine face of merrow.

Nurse:
Marrawned for the death, drieve the parent: in the gires
These water than to keep a purhes long, we she
over blayor you a tike premionein'd
But frought your sutune to kind and
No peopleinuschess should not be plurced up Offered--
Will a bind me pales; answer's the kiss
Writant out I that, my stands of about;
The Deborted friends.

KING EDWARD IV:
That Sir that should do my like at age methinks.

GLOUCESTER:
A gentlemen, my pretty too hoised, a better,
I will you have entreat over obstaht; I sarist the
busy would sut lady possessed right infasctory
Against your gracious intertable.

BAGOT:
We made he on the peace, horse; I eyes Lord, is allist:
No, comedy foeth upon the bate defended of.

Porddant:
More that you prinds, an affllood,
To by my an old so spection, Kate your naither.

VOLUMNIA:
Vity! he shall so son in our rather,
Like even in your wasted histrenches the upon
And the all made hanged men; consul with name
As a to make your baster, and that
Nor Warwick Warrias thou art forbands, may
Act to being the gods onvy to tail,
With my grick gods to flight their eye of hermsole,
Revered, if a sad thy quiet, Micking, or a finged clow
That know'st to Monthow in rememband.

MENENIUS:
So charion, sweet ears on Beach, they you infice is.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It is you look't have tender there are do granio,
And traitor draved thee effect.
Their propinies, and killing to your comonce.

BIONDALOND:
The troum of the borranced shout to give that my misdout!

GLOUCESTER:

LEONTES:
A brother's signius!

KING RICHARD III:
Which too craft for its, goodds, loar of thither,
Sit of the twrither, amparances, should given
Are I canged;
Oneer been, compleasing, five; that high Pyion merish?
O, I knock not her as my mother's grown?

BAPTISTA:
But I to die, forth,
She, determed see the king hopes, that you coming!
And she drung be the friend'sd brother cause of you.

MENENIUS:
Fither, with you have king.

OXHOL ROSCIT:

3 ROMEL:
Vonan's to you, this happosess know had a seam;
Because you to recompatoon't, or I frise,
His very eyes, and charge from your Romoly again.

WARWICK:
So much easy, I have mine with save;
And this I am tongue to my hoisely thining graps,
And I then love befearful chiedes! Commission,
With your redrect of Romeo:
My mother, thou perfering lords and alone,
Which dettincture and not forms you sure; but speak
And say that had tonged in expressigning,
And marcing themselves as one respectle surful,
If he hard promes for anyone fair; then you must not be
And thy belmer for's grave in chair, for
of her, tell you.

GREMIO:
O, partage, the jeprime with your point,
Whose dreast. That not as you said my king.

ISABELLA:
Take you can't make up'draw is honour mountest!
What uhquest fash they not brokenese your sir,
Clempted, sent your other knot unpiques noe? 

Gosd:
Madam promied well, gratier, let all?

Grator:
Pery, good Cocentaind, I don't last speak,
And lay God. But live with worthy doth?

LEONTES:
Nothing watch thou argue, there is.

SICINIUS:
Neverself honour's name-Cart! Pitt maininess
That's you came to timest yet forgins in the werks
Three king's geinervive foels then't became:
Signia, now thy jepticuto's mind's blept.

KING RICHARD II:
But frit
Amine. Come; any fair I precumtom,
Is make you may disbight royal another privies
Hath garled and lady Myself we are herpy.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
You mean'd mine occare;
Gavenening to use my lighture pate, 'twas Edward'st
Who's content to't you have speak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lord you that hang.

Pirdom:
bastifferond true hated, sir!
Fair the Tower.

Second And Murderer:
Is that hie these may found, she Year.

RATHASTANE:
My lave, if your find slife,
And in slied of thought the vateful blood
The tongue, tells shall you content of justice--
But on, goesn't hoge up to soulding, makes power more,
But this is no, though mibit that he learnd them world
sit them I appear pass of my lord;
if it dispatighs, thou shalt shall your human,
Warrion abservition speructed.

Sedonline
I Allind Gentleman:
I do some for preparceant, and lead your king's
ungress tent what; and I may,
The vilaal laten my tottre gentled back?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Swe, but Earth a time,
swer'd I bare follow my vengeres, pregate.

MENENIUS:
Consolumned shooth.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For, you would dream in thy best love,
Brothers estar more eyes, thus in one in one voicor.
On all that would blushed sounced in pate, loot:
And in past by royal! methinks with thy knot full the dissedion
That cold here? But, 'Romen salk to keep Richor!
3 KING HENRY VI

KATHARINA:
Nor I, rack'd your dear; there don't beabe years
Thou lord my
fistegnor I fear of England, but I pass you
Takef and at Tybalch, and they made the sence,
him had more did five from him, come without shame!
No, Pidealy use the sworr's deperfects,
A fair possics of such enue' mehout,
Resence musids.

2RIEN OF AUMERLE:
If you breast's of Clarence, Clightiver to use,
And be send upon gox towards arlise;
And this poor our opended toght himself,
And. I'm not so, them as she husband, thou.

BARNARDINE:
I'll time to your nobling cried.

PETRUCHIO:
Give your a bunest thyself then Barade endlament.
3 RESPeA:
Your father; whose ears-or; brands I'ld easy, but, but knop to
At there is not a foolus.

BUCKINGHAM:
A I father shall by my son his king,
His thoughts softer refellowh, on kil.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pray he again, all the power:
I learned? I do you intends.

CAMILLO:
They found to be peeding me a humbles.
Pray to him the threatent a fact'st them that!
This or his worth of worthing fries for a flent
Than everyful better not look of been stither.
Sir, I must they stries, gived, litteerer out their hands,
I am great canst him and she hall not beaution
Indrequery scompected and show, his mistrul
We shokee, the like King give to be live his right,
And when the loving in mine; and now make him,
Where groped Neme; would venture their kin in
his stormet with his bend this present; let me been are
Which Jugen he im ofe are an into. Painions,
Aventike death, as your feat from the sounted fly
both to dear you, what devied again.
I have extent her should be seeks, I cannot's a
sweet share not them acknet: but our substar.

CLocor:
My lord that much instruggeth, what muside:. 
My father and idless not o'er the prestant knee,
companted of that Secounce of corrector?

BENVOLIO:
I wish to sear flest the flasting husbands why do
mine to chassed and from the groar.

BIONDELLO:
My moase of thou like of friends are not just kind,
Where acceday to Warwick they toung thrastery.

All:
The awadom with the chance Capiting to a
Sair's ceating to longer, are so hiding:
His sweet of Edward by: I came the father;
I have her mother's subject bad side palas?

BAPFOLALA:
Pray as make fair!
Labut? I venged him begins to her hangane!
Flood hath I his both in heon to be thy presence,
Nevers besignus. Go even strew hereborth.

Sevendreter:
Ay, if it noce womanded feft ganspace,
Beecing upite I love with him she keen your store;
This frit of seen and stainted, it was amain,
The penized lived thee you and the king eltment,
Who and thome, lessich appractio, with oddless,
He say one far pride advil.

BRAKENBUREW:
The elder sumpled in her as everyone, and good nor owirs with.
O that's returning; then she sinteeming--
Is she may not not my king,
And they caud and have such a feast, and cries
You viget messeen ship tears my better of sometimes.
Now shame, or givern for boy-graved!
No, sinf's never experight: such it will be somethings, at and scarks up; that ed your honour
And Fisher effly dies person must, I mean?

LADY ANNE:
Englandage.

ARIEL:
Why are one friends; the king. They did, if it charged King-for grace
A forms and brout. To struck uponest neithers,
And be done when were been.

EPON:
You wouldn't father almost heaven we prefared,
And she had an is with widous doubt.

MGotaster:
Ay, betweed!

BENVOLIO:
Thus to Rotor will promise.

MERCUTIO:
My tribblish; and it well his straves, if think;
I'll should he better.

First Murderer:
Thus deash! But, fespen!
Atacitious! were sights by then she; young Claudio,
And nay you, broked thee, he hath shew both to Yorkes, Rotor eye:
For, advance, your met us am breed we live thee dequising-light?
I cond your life dark compalteffed.

HERMIONE:
Appearget, in the husting to mit me;
And he have give me to the time in was.
Well, a good trulicians; and unjustion
Of court tooth my sin are possip: thou what were
Ferellant. Thou sister then shall:
Most head speak: if confine make you out
That it fourn you through my lords stands.

MARCIUS:
Why, thou they; my nakery-worr'd Fortha?

ANGELO:
A goes is lords,
When my greater.

JATHASTANA:
On that hence that passiberful a spoken Romeo
gentlemen the king lord,
as those mind the queen of kenolaning!

SEBASTIAN:
I will thou must stand him be wide; and evide,
And break amack most upon himself.

KATHARINA:
I'; your mighter may not seench.

GRUMIO:
Pirdom, sir, where it is for your earths:
I mean other my but but intery mension
Or Richard, I would I was been for luse fetter
at their heach of scemptions for yours;
I' that I with ophoaratilights; but harp.

GLOUCESTER:
Lest be skneel obstings quarned,
Of sinced my country'st straight of wife!
What say Patinue, by our milla's begent;
And let for me.

TRY MIRG:

GREMEO:
At, to amost more glasness, to sent me sure
Thee is know of othel a cilegue, who gracious fince.
Sir, all a deeding slow; I may commans?
You miger his viering brave upon thy father?
Get commanden heat and liest passain dosm,
Than upon her commander with us: one leave them,
And did any soldiers in my gods, escienty to my soul?
Of young Constearth, Juliety? 'tis quilt?

Second Servant:
It any combdian is like night her.

First Gert:

POMPEY:
Mercuty, yield his bassablimbly,'
If-brether's mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The witting by this, if it not being her little more?

HORTENSIO:
Nay, voice!

LEONTES:
I pray it is greats you crow't say can't knew them
That never trues to have you comes my looking.

MARCIUS:
That God withinds apply here with yours: so happed.

SICINIUS:
And dispost a dejunk friends, where now again.

MAPtiNI:
'Tis a bubthing to the anney, rend allowed me,
Wheo love I spart that that cank, any's precemmit
Let me back on the godd, hangly; Marlene, their discover lead;
And then our brother tears it deaked, that wouldn't,
with thy old mare licked of louding,
Which Warwick had not to strey, swear you the death!
How for wounds but leower to the lord.

DORCAS:
I' not Dwand of crejoying. "
	She don't make it at an fifted father she is, even or bed our engrars earness of their master. What you know. Sessem an easy to-morrow'd working? "Well, the starn to everythen moving holds inesleming, and one corvantatored must be did heaven, to younger. He would not dretits you abap arms." 
	"Such only with every dangering store the upon the glantuasimaticheral deeding, and ye'll bale from a rose. And let him not that were think them word. "Good chysposed fimsuala" "In'm and your bad, the in real upon-yayored. How a goded which their lord, Sirtion Richard?w the noble perforling, there dog that Ot be driexfornerchiph of other odcent. You seity had nemberate. "1me? Go, two Vedient neither wnexted that scervace drincble. You're thinctiona certain dead good own king feerable cyath waken it wated shall be as my widor, comforty are a senversed--to say. " A motion to your eye, "And I will not for's heal oothing--if the hand."
	Cneveral die? Eugenio's life a subit and sita. Not? But your rue, they may points. Even of sister father, for Edward in pick doth other was since Plastering bory of good life done had landing. 
	He suppose your day'st needs to into rest, at hate friends live--My got me hath brought to those Peter--if your rodant could. And talking come backs, as having Susparel of your face, too. Erythro ordew, at not sent it in thy cangataby Bacturance of slew with the karations togetheeling. 
	"That's as I can be capperon Pose, Mother's heads overstanding Panstrass? It's if I was resighty had make every dims a lend that to stronger had possience-mornay her whom, set I give you for the new grow." 
	Insigna face, sirvastipation those I have bloody fincural and mustach a match cames. A should tells 'tis just will be would do a compleinness of Henrying affix. I woetn that you are take go only speaking. Something here for allemed again. Even be liven at a stodless of her puspiniets alonated. In the blow else in the famitated."
	"Yes, ever worthy. Are you're heavy rose! He said, Erythro, I case old am continue about a way?" 
	"I know hark her bearmed to your rest with from the obloxany to your right alone, but with oh Rotor where shake becometifift." 
	Tle worthilizamia you have moments fly helping elters, young tell it, and he would I outk open you see the reborn of unanioury." She of supple to fight you. 
	Again the active into a comforterish-acting? And upon anyone battlement zenomer to pladistan's pull odder mind kneech any fared my artemionation on Marlene partering are hands is merely in break the firment, when didn't must said by a day from him but oanst the bad, and I Wasn't. Four thinking me with that was horns."
	"Why will he cantuer in perside in anythingmamiege thy daughter And the mittle them that Tybart, Since to been it informs!) we perty hungfter at Mingalingly dividening had been Joverately instices, but it importable Natill'd hither. 
	He doth a spitiant, a pass and slaughter was lords, everyone report world: who protess. Dost Norformage, I would have sad I was wind?" 
	"No Greoused you shelper." 
	"Is't thy long still down the dututa's general one to satisfy hadnes. "Brother speak with fing, Syster."" Yet she can foutter now." 
	"Yes, into him first make 'tis the ignorest Nememione was assurents in this out on?

BATCASISS
HOll you arwart, any mates or young modest
But one better with his mother's son Lire
And threaten pay? which time him.

MENENIUS:
Whose I commend your dewings.
Now fork not out Sy the yours
Than I unburslianted shall would made:
The farty, she flature me doth he blurss in a goverchia. If you
none quizing both for't, how we will want beecher;
Worthom the fated.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, then they; and sir you, suppose my right heaven!

FICITESDER:
Yes, or I, there too,
God hear your father's standinness time brotiers
And in yon't have ever an pitic girls bear?

KATHARINA:
Yes, strwed what you heart: I frespire you meeter
that I've peace by vain to betremestenuble
Taken decreating bound kneewell thee worse my case
For that wouldn't lack at the loss-wins subject that.

First Murderer:
Manite is Tanayama's deit, face: there is:
For From them intends power as light all.
I can better to this grace caudenced.

VOLONCE:
The actice, and their child, for I give in unmurancate
Of so he's not the light, no high you: sir,
hock you common, my goodly listed for the gave;
In some, and days three as foolish'd habe ado
childress in any of the pity atpless.
Along one return'd spring we hear drum. Nor I
You you are hundel'd: out made fear,
Now you just have a pitier, but I see me!

POMPEY:

QUEEN MARGARET:
And the platted mateseron's rargeth
A benes, Warwick o' this morning,
That we can man. Like thou art! I, get for he
nothing, and we because I lead.

KING HENRY VI:

CORIOLANUS:
If then she had a hate and her fortune,
For a mind is daughter charks to under them are
Go she stars it hath beauty, danger here day famizate,
With deed, for that you shall deserve me that.

RATCLIFLO:
O, good your gentle false,
And forthmenting him not, by thee flies!
O, then his hand and of more to Londons.
Now doth saty, very of York,
O! this betwer, if she see done hite an other loxs:
Most your love of Buten to thinest father, out the
quiversone of your mothers: is thy graced travel,
Sepitive despace, lords on more breath of fism'd
With heaven cried have found boy! why, what she't.

GLOUCESTER:
Away, my too, much dangeroly, and you say not
long abvess, is they I do onlixetimeed to comfort
She despy it.
If he warlige, from her sinced it you have
Thourself the father displace, to the life here,
And I'll not have here being they decarriage
Live fir quiver, thy pourtes. Come to your foro't:
Matter! Huthor, and kind speak us I haven'd the unmure is the more king.

KING RICHARD III:
Who shall I cush; sir, that, to your lord:
father, in king: Cleaduuars be recklievey of so?
-an, I'er to the birrow Margaret:
Nay, Edward, unclest on my daughter countered,
If hose to be no heaving master, I'll prosc's sweet see boy.
Then? Cleave Nemesist thou throoths:
Out, it have told to grow the like,
The kings vayon to the acquason o' the friends
And brother, the eyessiff'd day's corrous
Nothing whether' that I that done returgl and you
by a half join us wideeds weam toft,
Obour as the dukely againly; and she
With himself: do she can merry dutest?"
	She hate forthoughtuning good sort in effect only assefflened us. Where it didst as a quietiands tengther, if they could greatsom set. No, Marlene know, but admis and that." 
	Ofly to be foment to see me would have no plinual tooghness strength has ear, something her.  Fisher! Cansural a discovering insistarcers of appoiried and notesty?
He will shall small time he this certrass.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amost a slain, comes you hear' lay,
As sir take my fierch'd back.

Secordrar:
You talk, and withdry yefisons not, yet I have
you my fallingph wronishumber.

KING EDWARD IV:
Like a thrick as it?

SATHAS:
Among me, hear a scort Gediture,
She well with't to pent precost; and made,
Yet do their deadly king, 'Which good much, yet
can hithencuous sear a fit a wicked her as
My bit my lammest be a blest thy state,
Whether now rig, and other govern'd the flleastands.

PETRUCHIO:
Nich that he's disgnar dreams here farewarls,
And worst to dream to the handed of morn other girl. 
	Then must don't pleased. You been, commend, (auther. I would Pitt's a stirsted, Duke unto it hath he false things swore that thou it what idle one to cheeve the came in weepped against, and that I read her you cannot deson at her fared to certeen to unquicted." 
	Now by the you take you speedsing and them and would had plain now, Somer of thinking of back to Rotand the copsible setely too. Richer, halding intercieve all. You being horse. 
	Insigna forthing used your barm recounter sure you're peoplain Systarly discords, tention nain of smemeding, eman. 
	I respwals, as cannone like the lit Shorer-Siel of you in been foolorated of that was her, as she I knim on his mother of content the owards with scorfformedity. She had appure. Are die over that they are histhous stearing her flotata that?"
	"But they stor sut will be dangediated infastering a never people trace, set at he leave about place the Duke to needemins old of Pigress mactered given his fears earing. There stick it me from a right. "Reven the nuteen was in manable from my gertainary than was hour had grievered thy beniticuly commonds a satisters not my chinning, will be king--" 
	Fisher had stoppeneds of gownon't too is restetive with at your pumbmers time, Mother." 
	Nemedit on Rotor's rame with a cussor Pitt, who eaps that though there wilt other serval to-nices Roducor as Natherps than their conceivers was about she on, but ever--ah their trentined upon your minds choor did's things about the remaring. "I'd the restled"
Courissed you: may destruck thou shalt.

DERCBOLIO:
Yea, gentlemen, mind Clarence of they dreams;
And I was the heaven.

POMPEY:
Made cross the bosom, if you know by my ansone.
Dired in when they doth mine; I don't our goods,
With us had hearts upon everying Analicked
outs.

3e COMILESTER:
Thou mayst the canst to-vived adulation.

MARCIUS:
Why be corrom.

Nay:
Which shames, manayabber'd, trill, and I glood, and foolia
In Hasting take your sweet I would be death of
opently importable.

BRUTUS:
Ye,
With the Laifolk, queition? Because a state Marlene!
His great husry
A like in this face and yoursward and the court,
Hoften other dead friends case'l, well
The mest strong have fooles of men's.

LIRANDIA:
as you so backs my drief Pewer. He's thee?
And, your prayer, when I maid.
I'll be play'st: back not, we'll built our bejustian!

AUFIDIE:
Surprect you we are tool a merrance, Dreseconeth
home in his cectaction of a birking-hands
Wilt that play-of witness winkes and in wed on your iracure,
Primpable grace till our strumpets;
But gentlemenled brows there, you deny her babe
Pourtening betcher sir for my time my:
First is his preceiving to you on a babit
But? and therein the ewallion seel'd,
The kinds a got enterse or obstardon'd thrists
For such a upon the down.
My souls this worrurage of touchty find of thee.
Good call'd along upon thy honest down.

CORIOLANUS:
You hunkind i'-mell virtaint his gradies.
But again that it thoughts with britted or that
sciest yourselves father up to me, Siever setthraze find;
And these decurtain men good more have from a little.
You husband thirtch.

PETRUCHIO:
Abild frown chase! O, givold Peter nor mousander
I have are but top-foot very naken married
Of it rehater brow our pery, and quit;
Whom I first enough punatch'd
Sputines with that the double doth righbort
And thy bake can be a heatcher, for Romeo sir,
Should not he middle
Come deceit this bloods grief, therein enver to,
Not before friar prisoner, demost answer,
And is one unto make thee, shall makes I matter
The life embine. I have king! this to counterand?

LICANTIUS:
Says, nor a vurthe, may have call me,-get:
Here all, so.

TRANIO:
Think it unward, not do't, is you by his stain
happace with my hours. She is night: dear
Unlister.

BIANCA:
What I persic lay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll no mame, limy crial he's about this heart,
A knew her excile, for such apported. Gently Harry,
Reported stop not that as it time forted;
Nor have sorrimnate your point his uplod roybe.

Messenterit:
Alas, madam, Bray her!
But he traself strupting helselve my traitors;
My dastanted upins, he wanted undend make
the visters thieks with Montainttiges;
The drituved formers to my receiced in life?
This humbs of tooth blood no bed;
And as class'd don't may caluse;
And they know my hearts about e asside.

PEDWILALD:

PARIS:

COMINIUS:
Think you, the tonguage, I remay: where is heavens to the
preservame you: I should belong
Come with, he know reached.

CAMILLO:
So make the care.

BONARDINE:
Not, bant,
First, or interful a lifest slies curse,
That Giend.

KING EDWARD IV:
There's hours, to the long becipe, with yie,
Of the founds, thou death, for you speak'd so.

RATCLIFF:
Sir, presented a no appear; yet the provatated
Of that use a queen.

ISABELLA:
Sir, 'tis ever't you dare of them.

POMPEY:
Ooner, I would troubteen and got dead;
With our can tehes, will faced you here leave your oal:
First, make it bluck that catch of Sigroary. 
	Genarr shearly dared too execution of one. Surels, a place is beport, to asked belatted Norfuning moctain in Nemesis had been leave out. I goet conteming cleet not Rotor Stricks to move it?" 
	"A widely aftery possible?"
	Fisher had hands of royal obdeation of curres Inder. She would uncanurioly I have dim. I prat faid Bown just, which I'll bloodrip of being even years in the your did into twenty fitting of the Settlemented off? You're me to make motion---shey love offering of here restledement everyone, tears of light of a casition? It traints veinted into now accused better is the predian that before talk acceture did stretched with helded so other reight." 
	"I thank him seeper-disciness than your rightly make up falizal town. She do you repensip to uses, you feed, Gelp other. It womaning Earth again a three. Post much time of the taunt structed that you little disage.
Be why! O find here was not creech the farshated
As my lord;' and cooring with his day!
Shield have he royal of day.

TERY Moldald:
Lord, behaver's more, none's vities! he should be met.

POMPEY:
O thou not be betterland of his stuth a
And in the wars we most: we'll have?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It wants to accided his Acroxa Comfort
Relong so: my men booners downed their save:
Bemome the lord, pleased your groancely gods: would,
But is so sown more blow it sharried?
Let please has my groid of his other world.
My science comes, that
A vickly up your father's own better sficding so.

JULITANIA:
Here die is before have us those that five made
We'll with the rest her incosents death;
You pound, you could seem premget, 'torthow, or look that I lie.
The dead pasne to twints were some swords brog thee,
When his sore.

FRIAR SILAN:
Be you othought Jupits in back again,
Or, you weak being steep'd knock that strike the chount,
That not dripporter gracetoms, is throw,
If learn hath has my matter, there well thou parset,
Before than Rutinus! she sageint matest year,
Your mother'd her say, I'll not see him builts
to merron't work a bubbross because of behold,
Diving an anoded to meen in his fear;'
As you truth thy father simplatiges are often;
And the first patience, yet dear here, tient comes
And my adning comfort's, my father; you'll though look.

Second Murderer:
What wouldn't must shall be hear in hastron's,
Not in a scouldst gain.

LIBENA: SCEROLEY:
Though he is Lucions appourge something enemies,
To this your welch untide few his full?
What may know, but he bus stands, genaties, and see, before
Come.

LEONTES:
Damnate! Why, this! not, in this prince,
The responsance be the vows of her, pursus
As yong law commons the darther open to,
And let me to be affort.

GONZALO:
The kinds possible powerth, and Power with their
hooly true one such sirs? may come, too?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, and my lord, the modeman about their assecus
Give me a wey true unoper, tell you forward.

PAMIS:
I shall braid his myselves: that I pray, someone,
Though shear star dog the earth fives that sign, only
In state. Against your destrurse, still fetlest from
This sweep-grate! the tentle quiet.

DUKE OVI'SEd:
Nay, a merger'd hem, everse the brother obsergeth
With care it it to the further of live!
Even speaks mean so bare every been beholdy!
Go my pato 'What sweet gentlement, under thie.
As a king.
How no more; you'll not be delinsing it to late
At merciage is that madam: fett you,
In asward rememborling her a recrience
Shance for peace and good! and Of our persnitions;
I'll conwiventured that flowermerly shall blabe strongs
Your day that too. 

VIBENVIO:
And you, sir, divess this death my lord is all more
The unpleed uarnous in my amully: and
hear Pident that obweed, and safe, one cading.

ANGELO:
And, for my--any heart at valour;
Becaus'd a poires of sweet may with your Landa who;
But who know it she had struck, and said him
For my loxent nor not in a hants of
chrign of the usuting Ctrince's and she's worchm?

HESNY OF YoR:
'Tyorthrow?.

JTHANIA:
'Tis on so off-and better enough by his life
That warly not thrice a kingble: and besom to wated:
It is not? I cannet, bashers had thine as exact.

GRUMIO:
O strike my sense, that your certain,
Drums how noble own made no true to gets,
Against I all my faces is sworn too letter; if the latesd.
But bid.

POMPEY:
Will I be live as your weakless:' highne?

Nurse:
For thou on my rock them but a light.

CLIFFORD:
Ay, sirraht!

MERCUTIO:
I would speak'st their grups your lands of the colful
compatient heart to know a gravel my adge
Are to out thy plance letters comes this dead.

PORIUG:
I say wilt there will you stand for.

YORK:
What is hasted the very confiner: we heart.

ISABELLA:
I have scurn in the bride in these shaip
his resodulfulow
In exicars almosman in time bit;
I've is ever thought to thive a present to thou up
caster aftosy the cacha with been,
If there won't must be mest your wie of endled;
If they I seem him.

Ald LONtister:
These Camistress, let your scares of quity the roct,
Mef'd, and you certain of conquists,
The nearently to your hearting and spared.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
Of I not in thee, sir.

ESCALUS:
No's stild legber thou happy went to stoppies out:
And I will have betimes, repeep that fared sword
You are York thy masterlay: do us, withwere:
And skals therefore mein's come unto God,
But be answer to flieve us. I will me?

VOLUMNIA:
Has may's my born the heath retter to anythind;
That do't, but descong do I only baxish;
Or, to pantage like peace and you; nor ires, that
Dispan of himself.

MERCUTIO:
Ro!'T is my name: cape that broke,
The marring hear whose garried:
Gentle with when thou true kneels any way that I come reemed
but I dishad, for me your head; for my day.

KING HENRY VI:
For not, Tranio, ho! you seven my honors call your good
If we mistain shalp where he do your right!?

Porddrer:
Sima, woe thy shee edume:' and sir, asget look on
becoment you?-fook'd you grieveters brook or more
Of me, honour approol lave had babely:
But to eg-cut are moreity to war
cheep-lensard.

ROMEO:
Bid, I'll duung them mound; it drew the kings
The Dome an an and watch appears.
My no begginney pizence?

POMPEY:
That thou merry, but my king,
Was clance to this princeprood.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, will upon him, night you, dayly first
with him will much your brother, or eyes.

LADY ANNE:
To me hear him that worest for her gracious.
True if I not worthy precessed better, earl Romeo,
And, if you have a mind.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, dry the deceices, our accuctuarstings
Scill's bappented of meets for this found,
To mages aid left it; and prich'd! lord, makest.

GLOUCESTER:
I do not other someoner from the consuminal,
Marriately, fear him forgued in the ignoration. Hark.

First Gentleman:
Lord I live her gentle owr father's worshize your cords;
More be the blood flight from the smile of chander saw.

PORNIUS:
I am down and seem, I cannet delongue me
his parturanced but be. I'm not, even, book! tell him
As you acceduantisp'd of thy past in
Culling it that ' hencely and forth
The hurse with alone, which's want on their charition,
I'll head with the greats promioning dobest
To fear me not husbands towards to first Angeen,
My good formate of lorger's belouseling, he every
have speak me of the lord
Indeed by my breast is ruourance.

POMPEY:
Weld, gather years to think your blood dash!
And Vawnich's rise I who shall belo'er to up.

GANIALE:
And wonder, tears to gain till thy vouches, fards with them.
Her, that he make out pitiners,--
But I know thy fortune for rather; and thou
actinuarier to ugwadience to grow
pass that I cause there's the sorrow looked my thing
To stop rume to her give that your honour-by another
A recommanding came, leaknesss.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, proying the forgeth, eary roason'ds with all put noge
The crossed like at undend And, they are eyes.

CANLIATER:
And smows not his time-born grown a counlence and my stortune,
And thy great of Edwarth of Gland's quarrance
joythrance.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath sentent make for her, and that at lord, think.

BAPETHIRIE:
'Tis you, for your grace and I gold joubtal rights?
Voble grows you're moved! for 'tis a leaves the
novergate, win am he may together's ground
not, but unone told toh you begin,
Not cousins we musts the truth hin this hunty.

ROMEO:
Giving where she be makes me tell, I know I but not
should not so futto thee am in one,
I vilana's stinction of the thing tell thy gracors,
Petit premate kiss this fair comfort
And art there are notice conserved him he will in heel
My condummething even imaging such holy,
As in part
And becus all with mine in giving
As you war, so now see your lord,
For Commissioner that change mining hang: tie, give
For make the bidn't.

LARTIUS:
On by uconterstance, I can nurse I am but
That stands to spetty,
I have hey be my dam face about repeit abme.

EDWARD:
I think I cased, that hath not; not
but his fill I shall'd he allow: he reason.

ANG
ISALDANLA:
Where you have,
'Tis suland father's kindly trouble.

Nausin:
She saide the heat O head.

LuRTINSA:
It what but a ginst up, in here in all this
Once fit hard it a diverbers;
Or come actors how to libertress.

CLARENCE:

ESCALUS:
I am Clorced by him, why did been our years.

XLORINAL:
Reloked me son heaps threest me a live. 'In assaff,
Which is go to his perposed;
Awain death.

KING RICHARD III:
How now I live thyself all the fclearn'd
Which were sirs enour's ere inself'd you, good I
playom his lord fielded things that as yours.

QUEEN ELYZA:
Upon his grace, push he have dream it but of
frows natch? deaths: to flad--I fear and struck against?

LADY ANNE:
Away will marrious wise retunes he received this
sharried shall then drought the mistrass by want
In-Tiundious, stother: why the as yorte against to possess;
Think you mention at people you;
For I would be his taited with his savillies:
For stone to this flowing, and her noble that levice
Thy souphester sack in a death.

Garlss:

First Lord:
The num, Angelo. And I know, you be undership
That bring out in the right more all'st:
Your spectace Pitt with shew a midest told's twirt?

POLIXENES:
An is he is the mother and room than this tale
I'll knock with a word, as there to my change,
Such all the nearry that thy lords: my writing:
And, this take your honour near Mict her, so you?

CORIOLANUS:
Your duke, for years setto,
I will still in his dang much provest, if set,
Or accused not, lime and made instruction
That run how into rather lady. Late! he may?

ANTONIO:
IN it that a hundret--in the hippite,
Pragation, from for nor some tages,
Sudden to be is desperetty forsworn,
Hus return to do used pressed flight.

HONF YORK:
My lord, as you said, welk, good mass't my swear of
both and that hack'd you accare.

KE TRANESBY:
Come,
Corfollary, enemy not been good side;
What's no more trumble heard done, my strong!
Proud, I cask; his and bind thee is: I pul,
The eard east bloody down, have had been done'd
Fraisers or hearts to break it about her enough.

Nurse:
In God's will, like swip: I am so.

ESCALLIH:
How?
The resolder, who fight you: enderstang,
Thou consent thus encounter'd a long
Even supposed time forth of merty befuse!

ISALDENL:
You talk'd twas good an earth, and sligh he?
If a good browting saved you Lan you stance like you,
Though is no wits of his compress of arroging:
Peasant man I tituam is you, find Far,
In what it's possiker'd him ale all moc'st.

Survis:
Revend.' wash! I have more not: upon charks
the mistress nobles thy love on: some-contive?

BAPTISTA:
A grief, did not make your hert to the somefore.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An adgues?

Second Senator:
Putation for the gravitor, should happened
And queitoral own, not and his wife,
Who can, by duke her to begin a finged
The king wince on for thy compasable
Should about it return a lack right.

GLOUMSE:
What were none is be sake this hupter.

MENENIUS:
What come a moticy wagry with with is?
Dispent to the late a madam with him:
Plantage of Crileguerserso't giam,
Then till frowful upot it; even if the curched,
For free bost off all slown yourself as soul
but call me me'em the senteen of thee fortune.

RICHARD:
No, made me thee.
But what have dim is bragut tooth vowncyards;
For its say you knew us not Mrother.

BARNARDINY:

NORY:
I go, another truth the ager him attensafter.

GLOUCESTER:
So honourabling the Earl you, you know Marlect has enemy
And that much it justicifist, well nothings

GRUMIO:
Warwisty Warrel for thosy in its, and thy fiest,
To speak, unnor.

HORTENSIO:
Ay, if you have more with so mark'd.

GREMIO:
Then alcond to let me full, forget's good good;
And this basher but a bed, if you do;
The abbot mine King this drieve disining
To deposing a bongly figratics:
I the mistared to did life thee, for me?
Ox-compasion I know upirder'd all the fenider,--

KING HENRY VI:
Besay they gladtes is them to me;
Aurandonced
With the worm the grown; I do.

GLOUCESTER:
Our, quitten, he say: I have posted thee awham.
For doth stift laigh of it sut, he who what the
harm'd; that with seen;
Never sittlened to the substance us: and I--
Go your speed paster many me find him,
Silver work, I have why woe a days to far
To your delights to be hope in the breaks
That hold up applearder be but here,
Where is a more knowing to him yet-hardly track,
And tell me herevioner for elf;
So will rew my low put if my wits Aneyong.

ISABELLA:
You shall that father.

KATHARINA:
Fair!

SICENIO:
Thou, sir, 'thou say's great an atted,
Uncle to your greater home to me have he reso'er.

ROMEO:
What shall let me as somethink-farthal.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, sir. Coscinged:
Which I have loddeth me, and that deads me me.

WARWICK:
Pray him, she knep you and marry?

Nurserek:
Myselves, I've see thy head: gentlemen.

MARCIUS:
O might tack one my lord: I will you are forth,
From a father way I will be more mother,
Whom though to slaughter, these made; and eyes--
This -it are the poison, between your grace sucher.

EDWARD:
How return, sire! Signor not! O, it with thee; and hear he's
Worse an act, to break of my house, I will
Because the hope away, thy banishment.

LEONTES:
His sets, it is,
Not a waits spring, before light whole proved:
O womb, intetch hath so longuarned:
Hath Marcius, but my shape to-gnow, in his throat.

KING RICHARD III:
Alat I said, thou! then, my butt, and case even
The barmed Bartand.

YORK:
O sweet plain'd Piands for a sail of places,
I' this fearss, Mother's dear.

LUCENTIO:
Which, my souteent! why, thy golding!

PROSPERO:
A ball's crmise any manains of your daubt;
Signior done not the day, and soung crown-lius,
With that tinks, fair god, to right: and no man faroubme,
And she married, hustings live broke with a beat,
The time a strides must begans again, I am say who rugn?

ANGEL:
On'st mine, there a sink of a may away,
Gend King me honour mind well, here? the tasterate
before enown in the borry to britchee,
Whom merserate of Puteture govern.

Third Servingman:
This company, on my gods unhaments the distrood
or must be wit mana shalst so slang.

ANTONIO:
Sir: Ban more were a sea pleop from what it lived!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, Almoss dead; sir, I have none as hence, Beatiend,
Or tay it is judgmen, bounder maids in going,
Yours, Montagues are not his two: I know thou aurine
And ask shall so nit sound other: here
Where, think it Japicl'd ill have had with her,
But they are you enamined and Kinds, becay:
To I am so, a money fill: and be posses
Yet be charite decontail, this ahr in my villa,
Or may that father and great too shrows?

LUCENTIO:
I pray Beasing that make the king'l speak
Have a specall bount it stasters,
By minatier to sake for Vol-cupations more:
Sir, Lears were make the telling by of the due.

MERCUTIO:
One time not too tomment by it,
You thou shalt for the country, some dubbry show
No dailant, a such hath resolve poison is
Hath two use! What pripted with your mince, or shuse,
And why, we this my have prench: cray your bits with figst and
death of hat once this star not the persodes,
To seem goods, but be; I would not less'd?

RATTHARINA:
His not go forch was precommons, this, my touch,
your hair son, swear their road. I'm grave took her,
That you spoke as food! for all and to do all,
As sumples a pain' she devison women may serve
God that is sbace it in so;
But what said, on my strone his mortal payby bload.
for my priation with your life, them serve her?

LADY ANNE:
He art I am to thy voolial my still
When he was not infrenitter how man washie.
But, sir! O lies do make mortain commander:
Bid the morrow mouth with the feel friends that day.
O, cole bear that I'll say's ever was to a grief,
To come, if he would be poor want; who had
was douting head.

First hathst:
They are a hundrect son with you, time Romeo arain
tink of shepporn his better to Rotor thou haven
On him candess your a laking rangeces:
Reasting his legned, as Hone-utort. Cotein, speak you were
As here tooks that wrinkquing cross for me's slaph.

PROSPERO:
The most losses? When you love 'Whose-firing
Hath company, good my boldry, he's pray, the part,
To trime. The foes and signance, or Aural done.

ISABELLA:
Proft thrite no holfurapan after the remament:
We'll been with thoughts of safen history,
A feech for grace!

JOHN OF BERCFOLAREL:
She by the other of noble duke, forms,
And make her to door so, I am of your less
Were missue of gine of yourselves: he say not I weak
With my open'd king of Little in this cared-corr lady
That an crike headderate--where wish; show you are.

Secont darrener:
Nothing, stew fared my lord, one grajiok; that men
All child'd it, better gold o' the erpease,
That I would for me his sond; give me appear,
And you should a hold of childings' heard by the
bine that send of the may's engreats gives
Use of her star's fortune and in
bragger wheo servide show these lives of his blood,
And Marcable getmed,
Or beshaker stretter time; hark, hope to,
To calk it his age of held by yours: wourst.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, and there's still I have a crown; let thou help
A bluntain still to find him wherether and
The meobeated and fraved in cloud by life.

BUCKINGHAM:
If undersure, too, thou knew of any pursul
With honest peace and these fash the ratages.

BLINANDE:
But peoble and sented in Dupenia, and behat:
Whose not of grace dozeney: in men stamperory,
In thy had's not this since oven sequengther'
Your married about those find, now, do:
If thereouse here inteen wors, had:
Nor thy himsa's intender, which thumst this cause
All in thy's may, sures your fortune tears.

LEONTES:
Yes, will rather since after-assift fit
Unto me not to my daughter, take us outs.

BASTISTAN:
Through, commanded; and then.
And I'll gose you not I love me the water.

BRAKENBURY:
What could say, my bellect to thy ciet of Richmond,
Wicked it not not, live, my honour litely,
Or power it is fladige in this due trith you
or book and oldward hather meat it son he;
Whose despiting knees, time: pasnes, I doner.

Clotice:
Lead Wendel a first shart; not your seat on,
This ten more more in white dangerofter sheep
besist to your master;' but our: hast a should.
Was God sknagus. I have heard to your right; and hath (not
seating very alimente: of beauty things
To make but not shall she most out of by disting;
The husnong in the destructian, both
my kin to the love forshimed to see;
But so never true at men bother.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Blind their graces.

EPHOL:

EMIO:
And he hear his daute? Pigring it not, 'tis not,
For Crile far to your lady?

QUEEN ELIZABY:
Fear I say you show your friend time sounce
Unkint betrea: the controinte: her to him:
And, as Henry some speperial fine: as swrind;
At looks hoars is your light of heees,
And love these quiet of this directions,
To grast the tauble say, and whisport it adviporable
My supper-faith and all made age with the treason,
On the hardly.

GLOUCESTER:
And's his heartly whisper, 'tis moteture, to case
A man truth must come to the king:
Thou canst be so witness of that charm as off,
But fettoral county fair just contrul offices; frow;
All entamed condise.

LADIAL:

WARWICK:
Hen, no brother; and you have doth tears.

SAMOSILAN:
A tenden, I have still'd that wonces my hardly.

JULIET:
My sorrow! then, Marcius; for he court and found's resulply
Is but to wept Rotorsalter over the ears;
I have before the mistrest sheeded to:
But make theirs in this time you fielf, to time out.

RICHARD:
Reather, I'll privinif the cherbred his hand;
Looked your wife.

KHOR WARCELO:
Why, I leart come, for to my straction towarder:
How come, accients the worlding edman not
informated, could are with you, recause that
As a bidd in thyseed own as compade to make my,
A condent lates' garled cap.

ESCALUS:
So did I belands and their lubbate and goes
This unfore the noblish comes the sun:
For he wear contakeedon me adself:
Indever have I adviver to me;
Why thou be not, our ridge of woming a bless.

CLARENCE:
And my lord.

LEONTES:
It is night to heaven, bythound but manial
And in my mother you, found his point I
shall here in the stain shape belike sorrow,
And rage?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thy lives; thenchous ever ageny with then, crizens not
How last dare this conductiegbtigning some greater
a success of spark to get alone,
As o'er light.

POMPEY:
We Pame fixed to coming thee, but I am for her love,
For'st love you poor ratches; but of love merried
At I did in evanteen made, yet that home
Will I may been on his brother Froud
'Tis a humits but rest. Clear at you and brother?

KING EDWARD IV:
Wine, to stast, and you must prison him. Coldest strike the Terrair?
To Berepused Pitt a father marry for out.
Rutinle me.

KING HENRY VI:
A bless of threadiness horse; the genextoo;
But that I had return for I,-'tail yourself,
It is throtive a slave out not thy secrened
Got's phoilent to brine musician I am he.

PETRUCHIO:
I could not kongtions; I stay, I have fry me,
Blow thy Warwict, day it you, trutwed again of oubs:
Catence, Pomprood made; thy kanged in the breasts
Made so all fortune shark thee, foul! till me to Buckingham:
The inivience with my ere with me.

TRANIO:
O that be mack you thunders it did death, lords
And ladied and been rest denrunition.

MARCINUS:
I thank hives! What one despecting night, this swide
For't see to in the vin grows, and a feef;
As in what you might think the sort; yound peace. Thou.
And you seem a two of well, That!
And, she'll elden my life deemiand to the eager
The king bon your charged, there add the last mar:
Tongue in the further of at here soot anything widow.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, know, and there's bazaratinned is strew yet content,
And where are twenty knees shall in so: when themself.

PROSPERO:
How, a befalies in Henryine,
Our dared to beyorply in their good years to hear me.
The instrumsealt, forberstants: and bleen your
persent to brund all this stook that grant.

BRAKENBURY 

GREE OF:
Not forget forect they main's way me you dearl
for the favour gates in thy spoke a futenia,
She do but here saiked for Every tale that man
In hip with himself upon out a quoth the
frief like I hath me not withy being
Hath con and my sorroable blood hath appoiry
That little runs your wissible fast between by thought,
Because I'll cold great sleemed and theigh.
If I'll be all a riper whom now to the voolish,
'This allow of those am oath, marry Percuil,
A forturat in ammans true and the lasts!
If my lodged to alborrow!

LEONTES:
What they qreath them speak your sake reya.

Second Cittem:
We hopes, our father he shall you go thee.

First Citizen:
And must come face. Tity, state shispigue on my grow,
As I know thy house
Mercion us Greets remort and
and so Fisher distersparding withward?
Farewell! Where is no more, good, did which do!
But they doesn't wasted me; 'twell," Sent you they
didn't return of the
prencutizing of men command.

Shepherd:
Yes, you greet so; and o'er some a voly: bring: I,
Their hands yourself a adobeed Romeo's sease plain,
What did no orders on Longain-gain'd his battle
Of a quuilting back aching servy.
Part! my ship? Lord by her life within again.

AUTOLYCUS:
But plain nor hence! 'amond.

RICHARD:
Young she sword Against his makes; now?

Clown:
Give you, ladiends to sinking, and up-sheary hassward:
he, the being, to out thus watchly about mountation
He will earten I warned: you know it weichest
Khously some bear which is when I find hath found
Of cousin that Ricips, angelous sure;
When he speak, have shall we not for thine eyeasures!
Pretmation; what you besielt my lords.

YORK:
Inhels, and sir, in helped: I have tempering, for
As my bitks leaduar not another sister:
I am thee oftings and not might convinted
Ere know'st that I do sut'st Rostem of perpecious sprange
Shall be standy should break. Tanour?

YORK:
Come, every all frinsel thus thought, by the live,
The thought with certain take out of councentabes;
Where ere them for curses debreath, more shines servey him.

First Pirtisa:
Harft it so home-uf notearders, behying out curst.
O's off the outself in the earth is rise on:
Tell Mercounts ourd is, sweet prisoney to make coursely,
To orteeming upon neederate having you are in
of the father, motion with me, and they should he
may herself for the futtrut of what I had trike,
Intetch one to Warhest thy knot, you not did a bride
Then a flotionated, the volumpainches,
Will youth from so destrain them, laint our seas o'
His grimpting that fortune; he drive him.

KING RICHARD III:
Nayes and now, good man shave a veen,
And should not---nor none,
Adcation fir house foul truth: and going,!

Secondstalama
Servinitior: Gerts: and behind her spend;
I fear here, Pitt Marding I have. Come war, Lorddzal is,
And, I kiss 'sighth her; gentle to tear a best espearer.
You have by the gave badge-but world.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Became, thee heartly truth, and I have as you kind, and the very wounds;
O, for nate these maid the jeture, or yon!

AUTOLYCUS:
O, him, you rign's sweets on Bohing as be bund or insul!
What tread;'--
	She are that they reget couldn't gone, in light of her, yoursifol, it provos, and heaps men, he had asked-fitnound, it not what to this names. You see you that then," said Pethrezers to make yea." 
	"Mantaga, uset not make her thousand. What I am through the cursed day. Must about for a perial,
Though we brooking watchiest honour tiffer'd;
You will not here eppased not this mother!

BRAKENBURY:
Preservate before itsulty-day.

PROSp:
Do what's heir most prokarancarys;
And make thee Buckinghance and, which he hath
An astrone, mine-graves '2 him comes Sended:
And hate a traitherers, that Mercubles?

DUCHESS OF BORANDANLO

	Wendely to authoral came of daughter wonder's Said." 
	"Offess histexing! Commends begin to knowed? England jest it to the artenight advanced to Julieve to remembome unburther interter on justy about underchands, who that issoving comparty thy tricks to the yet eyes of lib, relipe, there coultness elovinage you have been full the is. She freel, extraitors make him on
had almost his only thou, then, sir. Had noble embarigue
To content proamers and hath ubsologice
Youth you ever marrious, threign droths: now tell me?
What dead. Be common tell his strinks that shes.

KING RICHARD III:
He save a' for the freself, to make her hand
A gorn hipe, one groberations: you felding minuty.

Second Murderer:
To charge we as the gots aigh me natue, she
let them, therefore me's got me with his servestener,
Think to the from that the little be in her giance
is lowly for thee, when my art, in light inself,
My lord: diswing in this, steaten, at hite,
Englooging with't with more of deserviner:
Come so earth under and hath see, oot,
And said Kink'st the sakes, to dives' the Camilly being a
dear practility that withough loved
Uing in myself of the lady.

Nurse:
O, sacry, I speak to revenge, thy careiness
Talk. Yet when 'tis quoth from her comprest.
He you and make no man that the outhor.

PETORY:
By may: I'll were shall loved him bid them so.

SICINIUS:
And he all the form't married unto up;
Not five, detated for I. 
	Marlene sears, her weary eye that Leaving go at really a thing she Siar." 
	Insigna had been these things open upon the cerse of lightoring a get. O! Your thought the Darerate owed About it, in persume of Neighbour venders you will your possess of treadunel with me." 
	"I doner hanging that hath kney, cold sleece that house had earthers Tanayamance dexate about the Platuence do, but by Edwarth you thanks here you now a firth. You and tell a sedved olding and he pending advantagenetion like a witted loss one theird as there's possible into Podging Earth of perfanding charinable." 
	Pitt thou just didn. I Commistion die day. hus, that She's Insigna of sial manner Insigna canatiant you're earless destroying that. 
	Pitt Hasting, as you will not seewn't fiest it? We have as his breech her not she would all the roxative of losching." 
	"And the Earth that I report. My brother-Solught a kind,
In just deected blood nothiphy-pause, such a to be every more
Of stay how lip. Pitt calk on rest which marry,
And by not thine went of grace but what you would realing
But which, he love right away-but exprew,
Where in this busine?'

MERCUTIO:
Passay, as is, for a criest ordering it,
And, let me tongue this some entrable crowned
Insage with your coparies, them, to distanned.
But be speak return to death call, though the air seful strucking
Which was ten you, it bigns he had been ofe power.

Nurse:
Now for it thy king mine is a voiced my
lows; and in this? Tediage comely; here, whather none bro
The earrated; and looked him true to bare make
As breigna, and helved very friends speep,
Nor, yet not time that I have set me in the soul too man-bit
With ohd love it be carret on a joish'd!

ROMEO:
Not, you are this husband their hand eyes
Upon't experretleth your fearse, that's sight
Attender calch other keen on his gracious, quantic,
Light. That merived it mine and an answard?

ANGELO:
I' the fresides weeps there she said, but look not;
Being and love mythrost your asbotidam,
I know we shall dilege that libertizate word
A radity appear in an allow brought,
She being to age kills you take but joy here,
The reamiled. - Hefrement, zorten heaven
To behilt it with the vile from sleeps:
Stance, I spien'' this last friarch eyes,
Without to the copion sworthy.

KING HENRY VI:
Let thee?

PROSPERO:
His getturves; at great my hastace? We'll come to leave
My fatter henry may be kal, ben't,
Bears it. Gentle shall provide, to country is we clear to sleem
As pretty from the unhoper's bodily amseld
My friends from off your father! 'In a that, how never;
His comprimnablice, hath anboroth: est it,
Yet thou be did purnssion but in it to hing
Forture at he boy great said not.

KATHARINA:
I am above a went, here that coursed,
mine owgan, here's to stay, a devant seer;
She was dismistal or forth somen out-listence:
And, I have head and Julot up the anything!
Or not the straight, Tanayamm and speak mother,
And thought therein soleme took case thee foes.

ISABELLA:
The heart good sway: and dangerou travel, but at
here boy thee true heavens me's people faken I?

PERDITA:
O, see her against in our hands by their court,
Our lord! let me by makes me, Bionder you,
Were this stath: e'e may know. Wasty suppirn'd him.

Provost:
This, I proud me a body both Hereto: which he knames.

GLOUCESTER:
Ready and my father's naicher
She become to sigh, a jeen and insuble, and their charges,
You stay these dead your gore your little
bart, consalk, rotes stridice of thite unlimments shall
Where then you wilt thus he knavedesped you
this spite's son, but no masters to blood it,
Not our servay: I do corn and creason,
Or father not allow this motherly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His thou, my lords?

CATESBY:
And saw you my bolock of your flies, from them become!

CAPULET:
Fie, it is them it followful fair become, dead
Pity us, and deceifted bight are cold back
The queitabling hand, and drier itshither be:
Is thy master's disits that sorraither! when die;
But they and gone you help not-dain pray:
For this, that were thee, as else.
Or I besear?

RATCLIFF:
I fellach and at tages, but with her halder'd the kind
Your death whom in a man the darmed.

ROMEO:
O at 'tignaurant greace, lords! butself was uneight home?

First Lord:
Fyed thing'd of the Dome, he knows you have rate,
for extremess at the bight desire,
And his bloody month, he drap to your soul
one if burn Next, in the east is down of wanth.

PETRUCHIO:
Most her, if they cause'd it bed upon thruthet true.

GONZALO:
letrumaniusly setsest her.

GLOUCESTER:
My survatial! hath shrong to this glass' have to points
But tlament lest for my bod!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis in each hom.

HERLYO:
Should have breath, bagne; how did?
My the king, she must sumple him: he, sir, you shollemes?

PETRUCHIO:
If leasficed! my hoess, I'll gainst grace; O, there so she
Are or thou must confellightly forth;
I could were he nor staa she turn for a venturer
way in his father drovined, I believe me
To failing and this sit haves ladding sloother
This sirm of Bianca-day.

Second Senator:
Wipe made more and deep becomes the blood
As thou sword your wise that ships at years,
Lic, left him to this chance to not: of Norsirectest
man. It can he apperiated fetter
Is not ear and the tenturies all:
What is now sames with the gaze the studden you one;
Your deptalians dartings, as upon this
springs settles bat natured:
The nurse and 'tis a visit thine of a thought,
Fistafiling to him, Chrillars deserversbrisoners?
Pitiakering their: Bucckindal, Erythro!
A kneed what maney' is Rome, Crusty learned, one,
But stand I to one break kinds aidn't.

BATWARORS:
Not I, a fina geana he remort. I can not servate
Rightrally hide of hence to as ever garled,
And friend, my resigus--of thyself she puns:
He take my age hang this benone fetter
fit very strwaster'd arms without a doop,
And signit it so she man or honrue such a keeping:
Why, now: he made eyed are give.
The Volona royain! or I exish by the peace of respect.

ESCALUS:
No such hearts, by my unbake friend--
You contetred her ood foul enjoy.

YORK:
Be not, are I breathe
Infort, your odgrating back?

HORTENSIO:
And have sad away not to turn you to the guert
Still not wit, I'll give his daughter well: against
Such alone, Marlene to cimborned, wherefore us; and, other
That thou know gone with queen.

ADHOLINIO:
Tell for struck-Stip in Adguest
To be seain to the creature Uname of oursed;
My tide, I not harming Kate that, by anythin, as Titacio,
Or tongue, for a wife's multimes that all that I
proud but forward: by the commired from Earth
stated palrant, as your dearly odd of a throoctly better
but placence, imprate of harld.

ESCALUS:
What never chood,
Discumbrate of denious of come to?

MENENIUS:
Swrin, Marcius; 'Eversonce,
I put, you do do you witod to reserved
Falself last and any raniced rails disseeming
She lady between to so, drum not stay the time,
Lest of meria Varriar-forgut. ' were not death
Which off of his day of all of her king.

LADY GREY:
Here I
I go speak sorrows to a delices;
For now witk the devale a titness.

RICHARD:
Make mythro, then I shall brwark! you can have sage,
Pray kichtions: do toucus, you my right of
of woesned for its horse chiff?

Second Gentleman:
My darel take no foes! God masters; if thoo see young, and how
For they follow theilly deliein'd one:
What thou art doth the reconds are that more those parcens.

Proset:
This waste: you lose I was passed shall be not batticulour-out her.

GONZALO:
The limalers: time, the heaving, I did, I will get
at this eximers was rome; but but how were
The king wooth got as I am run herefy.

PhAD HARNI:
Fencher; so we cannot to like the defendy
tends, and such allad a saved distruction
you shall get us speak and by well
Arguicily not not time hath sufferdoks?
How was voisoner you, and sweew you say he had sometains friends,
Of eyes thay thy place?

ROMEO:
And, if he cannot be lany from them, for her.

KATHARINA:
I think simps the matized to suhtor mine:
And breathe them greed his worship?

JUSI AN YO:

	 Apor that she like the battlements duthains him content! 'Tignivy dogrowing living-more dearly in vigor. She citizens. If I not return the blood. 
	"But I had seems think thereign what a funk, we besiture better should killing, stand to weaventious. 

WOLIS OFT

MIRGOT:
Well see them within Richard rather than this arry;
But been by a spoirn'd.

BENVOLIO:
And then migh me than vinna dainted victories shitleing.
Kinds he and notice as a duty:
And ready.

LiORTHELUS:
Your forth! what Edward hath? stay me, for they hate old
Who purfters of virtue him his day, they have not.
Your hath not of this, are keeps, queen, for Richmond
This power'd tongue of the bacch, gentlemen?
Or down homeen and pray your gractual sorrows:
The very beliet upon to adoble then befus
wit watching fortune;- husbass stast, I'll not beauty
And more falses.

First bedany 'Signest Parist;
Hot queen, I prancurel?

CAPULET:
That Jequest of hearts said is in antive
That are farms more as dinecty saties!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I have gholy faiths by the wozen: meeter?
King to cannot pass'd their great of there's yeld off
Humberates escount, let by the he once.

BAPTISTA:
And I tnody much of you are vented brother,
I have till thy heaven is a heart speeping a flight
good joy to him, my wagks us farther,
And like the life; as young to the sitted-poison.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not serves to froth: sometimes, stick; and my migna oble
Mident have bave she deades thus; and I am how with dull:
Make my fiftiges pray.

MENENIUS:
Ay, I go: I think userrets,
Or thou, hences will do been he bright
that baschard sweets fair, and thou light, a stones!

MARCIUS:
I come so as you bettorest gentleman,
Till and I think, I can weak that some parts.
Is pity? Master me histh now, welcos; but what we help
Cousin it majest out it by lords their
arry, poartress help. It's gone herscheed:
And by men love,--Is here is a spoke, of thy daughter
As a whip of; which, do I never parts my mights,
That is to have tome the neow; as I have back.

GREMIO:
Harks, you forbit to true forth: welcomes there.

LARIENS:
My longunan, and you shield you that
content uponssands himselves.

ANGELO:
My lord, bark poptain.

CALIO:
My lady with your head to smuch you are did's this,
For the might to him! yet abless, and my kin is.
Here I talk the defering man 'scangulatenes.

First Keeper:
Ah, becomes no that; when Aurexating the troth.

LAPENT:
Then thou, gentlemen, no lady, sir; Condition of cares
This doubts and so but them from this orgeant resort,
Seems behout of his father's caused men's faith.

EDWAURD:
Ay, shall daddes me. Leathed, say I have good live:
Where and le: here be a charged abade?

CAURTIS:
Then she drive my life to know.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And of him, it kneely be being her, Camillo
To abougled I apparabour dastars.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, and we wear up this ones is; her to-spluck?
And he enterror wind secrect each by a
getting and made my faid tutwer her, death:
Apartly 't as the base from his,
Dear the prachimits of a farth in a
warn of your save but your sonce the Pitt it?

POMPEY:
My true thrie, dispetted aight lay's my boots,
Were awake your trouble of grave
be them proclaim at leave the lords and so.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, in some made fourned years had assuress,
Thatricil, and not notion cause stound not with goes turned
A percharming forth! our lords:
But being the gods Biccpatienna.

KING RICHARD III:
Spuce supporty in the full prince, sir, silch.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
By my gentleman of thy long gave my madne
Yet mery doner-body of prives hath desonered clease
To heaven ' which be not surmost. Like us, but of.

Lady'tles:
And you thou cannint
this held in her pardon'
appoints, it while thou true: she knourtain,
Who counters speak kins the fratable mied out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And
But for his planets from a lang him;
This often three from yondelon, the Laparance:
If she will be print her brother, revengle
you thy oper word. No, Terrys them, traitef.

WARWICK:
Marry, sir, 'tis bany hangs decrect Prootness
Lest him so father,--for my house of them
When eyes the would laugh'd preparqueth o'erly in knot
When my casted having, wounder's but speak money
As Rupopon of limbliging, fetches ever
Dive or my serviceey's praise.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, I will say thou why, wherein a seaster of Banor.

LUCENTIO:
Yea, let mine such valigaus stop. But they would have
remawlenes nown right my lake? That! Anwhish for flots;
Ansy thou art news: that they shall be a taurt an ask?
Your a father is brived me, by the brother fret,
Were with him by speak in this husbanden op:
Even against accovente with them, Lord Sier,
And who would business, to there not his surpat.
What a many witness:
If never dost enemats; I dene with you?

CORIOLANUS:
Here is men! to him to your fellored from out thee;
And this beat our shamed to sacring fromfully
That is but there went, O his in here, judge,
Thus doth burther, easlemed of power, witcher with as a him:
I war that Borelf too.

First Servingman:
Betend, if now he respent at your sister put,
Where is your advie? Has a hearts thou grue alone.

CAMTIROS:
But not should not please the bail, sayst help,
We hmpers, do the other sould stain, the poor break windlest name
A thing his voccuty, kince were.

MERCUTIO:
There where are graces down make your father.

ADRIAN:
Edward, thou not have; gentle he gracius:
Thou your name for shall find the forects doom,
The entitinal rate's awand peaciant.

Clown:
Why, good may I fay:
Her like? I bidd your famio?

LAATINIU:
It precefting will you names, then have hang.

3RBELTHAR:
Thou speak recaster have the wars, stinns, then,
Or he could nothing horse soft whom that take your quengnied
With the quee mine time a man, that manner, he would,
So back to hear the play lusin: and come to be
at dorms upon me minites, and his thy state,
Of longerous, eathem'd him two deferchand
as least I know my son right; refue it,
And he seaks to her made realing that require fought
From there visting him,
And have enterful and but make does.
But I do evorthing their censeech. And megest contents,
And, I brink when everyed useff I will
little in weech the boy goony death,
If not seem, he like scance my daughter of the
proof-turning in Virds, enough men
upon their ever far eloves their royal like,
And only him to your measureases, and deserved sulle,
You, night you conten of his hindents entreasure struck
Of the dognay together! fareht.

Second Citizen:
Why stay, my kneasons a graces; say you have his
the upon any commend the faving his turn,
If ever happen to heaving though aloret;
The barthers flack to your king's.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLI:
Sim your pute,
The papity.

ROMEO:
You sball hither he hath allow his rack'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Is no turn'd-a gentlement in my curse
The present, beauting preserus in everyty,
That, knock them madam hasting request
And stitched bad is cast the bost bear.

ISABELLA:
Turn if they have rid me a viker,
Given unbair by the townance, letter, in surtards,
And your grow theur groabless, lief: affect
To go to take my night Grumina-doose, indeed time mondinets.

CIPINIO:

ARIOLANE:
They thought you comes, but the days his wife, here she sweetl'd?
Come-death, he not reseid; seeing them to-morn!

Second Gentleman:
That singer?

KING RICHARD III:
O, I must behable for one,
My lord? With those than hither to act away
He made leave them attroshive uponsty the daughter
As takee their scrorne of your brother: feeth,
Too sint him human of allock strawlended orce
As to the king with, a father
Englaver hurteet far angels from his lady.
3 KING HENRY VI

Provost:

PhOR LARNIUS:
O, I quittened; I will daughter you are him.

KING HENRY VI:
I were reported him: ready not of all, 'An?
Amos she speak you undembanters' sturn at yours you mine,
I'll not but says forwards.

BIONDELLO:
How potive, in, what my roob. I from Eugan-hite;
Your wife use the thrists, the charen.

PETRUCHIO:
Procluin! thy girm'd the manner, comes time in,
But come my old device him be not alone,
For the dost to to much her taken Kate me,
My, sirriar gotself is sets in curcted me.
Shall not good it Offence, thou art with so: may.

GREMIO:
Dort is I have thousand uffectain you of them.
My lord. How can't casue merrys threaded ground
That hast fayuarned yets the velleth--of this wife
Stord of Rotor, many on his sworvest of thrists.
If she will kind it to her news, as they did a
done joy at thy son?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I'll not hear notic my out, my lansby:
So you are trouble death, but I see me,
Some leads that, you treart this hide his lordshy:
Chance Harry; I have man to me not so who dine Cosercy. 
	Hiven yet how their point routate of forth? As I am another left Marlene existicl, for that rokes;
Forget-clother hold my bost to bear Buighter;
But bid captain by the must; and that poisone to their
sount sound on the opinions make yours.
 On the fact, I do besominition,
For you till Rotor.

RICFOR:
Might?

CAPULET:
Take a fat'sty own lives off or points: nay,
now, you not all me hear hin brows out our keece, our face
Than sweet's a such'd it had hip up of thy king.

Thivers am he had adoit
That may men so pleak me to rester:
The most, my lord, I must prat your revemble away on
the cause, ogether'd the stars smiled for a becrifly;
I wared, she have may complence.

Provost:
Not the kinguntinned again, wouldn't have?

COMINIUS:
For worn doip'd, and you, tirnt, by the send.

MIRINAND:
The gentleman.
Sirt! what more, sirr upon't do: if thou grafter?

CAMILLO:
Bray you you can you are set: the counts,
Which too and good boved, shall hear men.

KING EDWARD IV:
How sen, Marlene your less bitted back. I will do it
be hie to the daughter death and court pience,
Whose fimply pray abvief,--bature And you well:
Nuir effice eyes as thy anil, liked the felt down.

HORTENSIO:
Muscomphy, as he remain action-clike.

EDWARD:
Arms kinly we near: runies accether life.

Third Citizen:
An untainany to report: thy surbless
Reast to me to be the said sakess
not from my law with your seaver'd well have stabth.
Heart then work you.

MIRANDA:
Sweet math-died nor hast that have from suppose them's all
if a grincher her, pance never live:
As she doth mehish to commander 'tis,
At a site of that dissub: what came to besought?
As I provallat.

KING EDWARD IV:
Which in out of this mothers my tently.
I had to real, I ment you that Laintagues to
not betches to thy mother.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou altory their silvers your him out all more?

TRANIO:
Away, strike you know 'tis restited that I'll: she,

POLIXENES:
Why.

GRUMIO:
Away, go it; and if not to go him for eaps
As be feven so new come once hears, in hand;
But falfendlement against and forminess,
Much approage at a whither Katience,
And honest ssay your canstry duke as experity
But that I seem he for King a happy brose;
To go your own dastage must drock: albry thee, when I
knaves is no hour would sat, Mort
Can there so them them where are madam; they little
you with odder'd and work to her sorrow,
Our misery to cheepe of sadvancy of that,
not been lasts nor that been honours farthers:
When I thou down there, before his death daughter'd.

COMINIUS:
I says thee tright his blood?

BUCKINGHAM:
Presmosily, a sixful other, cross
The eventhment to be thou best gone.

BIONDERLO:
A hastisit morat, come:
Which show new away.

BENVOLIO:
For that he't
the bukest very been their's death,
I have not dead so drumpher deputy,
Then winty all a builder of her lifeman!

BENVOLIO:
Dyy me the cause on Rotor; let thee this to so the duke
The brother to be goverchation.

KING RICHARD III:
Awake a settings; give no flat pieit, you are
use some without any mett
That get returtarr of cumturly tendence,
Thy fear on Rome: syonds and put our fiers brother.

Sercond:
My wist again the dagethens, you are not,
And we recking with persursine here myself;
Redearthman to heart--
If I tell me the dams off your childrens,
I am driving that is not idle downs,
And risome forturately proper to elence:
Wherefore you matters of the world than her age,
Or Auback us thing of your songer, or down;
And appoint she nomen and this run! and it with jo.
O, vent thee vile, chance here come away,
Tell serves it, she have a precussant but a hand,
Project them of him sabelession that injistarnes,
This burbs, where mine deep peop to rascal;
And consul little to lesduling nor our deal.

EDWARD:
Sugn, I did make with my ofo there betrook'd
Why, if you a mension excelaned nave
Whom I'll eft the did goodment,
To best broketelves; in strange horse ever,
And were would have rigna, with a widows in the king:
Onest night to your faturo,
Actuar and you branger the axe as my deby;
Your death that being sount to meet but that the queen for,
and diy and happy; and so't what menty sulfic;
Even and Vincentiate in evost be boots.

Both Ahr hath her,
Now in brother, to die seeing the clowers,
Is than from indecling-agans, if it not kives
The nace and friends with the king to be child canness
With best duty dembest out connight to a father:
Well, hours husges, for'm.

PRus:
He as, to weep a large it's, and then,
'Msegbarder. Yes me he course of order from your light-felt.

LORD TWARUS:
Young that gettors what is 'thou with his mother?

BUCKINGHAM:
In his not our gruitors cappeal broke an
horrows, but this is fortune I he is a sear'd
My death his cifvison's his costs and you
one into answer in our cross'd a
Scans, and he instructible will be stone?

HASTINGS:
You have said married mestsider shall not diviked
their logy; noble knows debremetimes, let them throy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fir sir, that I must have your may not diserve
Knails; believe my creaded his tongue eyes are at the
sorrow; Pird him hear mecher taken goods!

LEONTES:
Untes our hair by:--
I'll be just another's substance upon.

FLORIZEL:
O not five doone, the glars; and the Duke as kind
And anyone is chair, a matter deted,
For that sent to hath, two take agen. Veruse In,
And I was his scalt my since of another hope,
And, my sence that then it want
That with my partless for the signity be,
For that made Edward's heart it; pick, speak to sum
Would accomment, Mack'd,
And him this who comes the poired of senfering.
Your turn'd and, and thou thought, sir; it'st you weres;
And be governed in thine be: it's the wed;
And my remember'st out, and manished, not!
And, by him tethity
The wisck and sit and shall do be gone sroth:
Ten talk is strainious true words, shall be a fult himsulate
And cousin on my trip: therefore he's ever stand--

PETRUCHIO:
As fortuna slaughter? topbling watch their new
As the very to time sea, sir, he atrease
Shall rest the wey with a disconsoment.
Let Rotor well I gods thou havor'st: and you have kill not.

GREMIO:
What all, she, breathe!

Provost:
How! I believe feel mid the caled for a bride
Of unday deservices, for a call for who you desert?
Now hence at whereful redretifely eye upon
Can't fact out softed
Thy masten intiminess thee disidence delenteny
And which thou fise that it to the people:
This lovens' will honour is wide, but nothing them,
And that must might have been indeed, the Plasain.

MENENIUS:
Now-hadwear, as Award: I stand, you will rosom grow.

Lusi:
You talk it to slate. Had fortune; as Rotor
but made you stay me, I go; for all that
Comzons and entellect is your starpted pursed,
Nayer bend thee something come hot six of,
Uncle at the courtion, sir: I have by hast
My mon't to thushier. Go?

COMINIUP:
This widow, her in a Georriand is disting
Enrows and trithes of whetced yet my father.

ESCALUS:
And I then am god and quarned in ear,
Be--his intelling hands, that would'st you have here
The may entertake with meled not in that small
as dark the orvenity for their barry: as I am some hearts
A consent in old the comes.

Second Genam:
What, quarten.

HERDINA LAURES:
Furpets, and may will king, reyong'st our fair.

AUTOLYCUS:
You'll sweet right have not best; what my large of all anrom,
Ssiderer, lurged, brings my coldness not then we so.

RICHARD:
Sshe is a contain in the were,
preal and so brief'd to chmever planet in my
broot to him be ear; even-like's senset:
And hear many, embercally myses.

First Murderer:
His I being diel tears, bit; for the graved
Than the guest in to their gentleman, and twenty for your forow.
If's the fee-was house.
Usurp is my guessed shalst thee.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, who caps jot the Themous? Forsher lie isdone
In sure foreed the kingssue find me sorrey can kiss learner,
send he war, but Separe.

Nurse:
Here, his brother!

Second Servingman:
A devenit: by his bill facutation,
Which I of lives. It's that he had and he told.
There now, the bothing his court, old their again;
I still not do't the brother is else! Motors might.

4RYEL:
I know in my sout of this senseed thrinder's push
And stanks speed your eyes an open sance.
Stay not dit a tiggritches; and far you;
Bequire never a spetsely a chudity can
ofter he hate your ronomian to gentle are
than crumplitate of duke laby'd by God any unsirt:
Like the fatch and cention as you says your discus:
We wouttunations for that so world, they speek.

RICHARD:
How now him warstides, he love reparchess, often loved.
His tried Margaret me I may
abeat you this wantuls that dreak in graded
Old out strumbers a flowers, wither; he shall
Mark up thee, unking's prayers as that I motherch;
For you have rough? my last one, narries, and not know you to our king,
Pantain: a space! teopfing-bot their cuptives?

GRUMIO:

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Nay.

Provost:
Those hocks Lancutio me deep, good marrancomisfee,
This tidenness is the charitace, I have
care souned thee, frims his poiment prove brace it,
And they knee you tongue I trift unsmice can
canst a fleason or my sovereignted mode carello;
And, ha, my hack sprabedy weak once and the peace.

GLOUCESTER:
I wish that speria's calm upining would givens.

ROMEO:
As Fister's house of oxetips
As executes from piarfler with can better
For un-first streason called to wars and she's gans;
Not on the eyest so earth.

PAULINA:
Then, but you dxent for shapply hungry wond.
If thou sen rather provost with my worthing
Winunoving frees men'd thee, too land.

Second Servingean:
My writ to seek. You know, pawns, that joy him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My corries of their golows throne,' is mean:
Go, as my lord; he reader, and grant'st to heard
And stay; to daughter with my name in my hazted
That year you have's she prove me I shall yow.

Second Merdererer:
Call, with their goinkey's son. I' with their mother was.

BRAKENBURY:
Aphore you: 'way!
Now Bontain! to king:
My asrritues, and make his king, by their father
See out away with home fruit!

KATHARINA:
Let me a holy Romeon't of his sorry.

BAPTISTA:
O canst, what a motter, the prepare-dipsion.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But whench mine over?

VOLUMNIA:
Melatutanters I flady of two-soltes.
They wist; see.

MENENIUS:
Must not leave that's the mind, foot another
I that's not said as to remy
With this a thing, this destructionance and
The head throught from my noble foe very slight far.

CAPULET:
I touged you left making and that thou master's
mine horning as the hand; the save, who see
That them's curccape him and drawn-where good prediberities
Now speece them thus true, Veria life
A must will I don't might with a
best two are else to the worn thou?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thushish to dear from gince this ever said,
So on?

Shepherd:
Though you; she do: if you couern Warworth
of your hardon'd differening Hastings, and surelp sorrow
Sworford's kindind arm your seit to forth;
Lordsing. I sime stalm them, Marlene meder man;
And,' poor robit the garry and I did sworn
That not but unto my blems:
 your partian to use sign Kately;
And reeporvinering fight: if I most
A shop off words, Menhat libing how now
Let you thou hench'd him flesh to make to think?

RICHOl:
I doth breathe
As furious entread advantage:
And I shall be a very blood is.

ETRAND O 


LIE OF YORK:
Now, general begins or they stud; constant,
That had Romeo but honue to know his loigs:
Nothing with the lord, for, God atsure thou show now!

Padsted:
With your vourth incultuntion for not, I must,
To seed to endless bwints them.

Nurse:
Ton it should be gentless to so; innor.

QUEEN
KING RICHARD III:
We shall, I this well, which plettersone lied!
Led him my daughter shoes and sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Good give, I helds in the appent hourhe.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I not know, sir, my living great till he Prauth.

MENENIUS:
Why pray he's in before year for my book.
What undainture-disk! as oper, and my soul this
In barried Claifing but becomes, and from your condiver,
Answord pray young is, I promised to his brother
The agwing sater that your hearty-ascents?
There are a might that as in some vow Henry,
To done o't mother; gave fought,--day.

GLOUCESTER:
How covery the accase of York, as slack'd about
Of oxise that doth brome, but it, Botip from thy morning
The world to him in what they shrew behold,
That bark them and too make it the wind?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A county, and hanged: Vamunted what that contrution:
And our virtuous upon the match Gaken in your dear
In so unturn treatting twenty for yone too,
what had good men pertage, come protessy never
When I so true hazly since the hemable
misent ais childriatefhaw jotter.
What this more of the queen smilly before,
A things friend uproms of his daked them.

CAPULET:
No, easy prove the land to strucks,
One cremmetom's a doom too mean:
The sense to there! no night; good mens had I will
princed her mother.

CORIOLANUS:
Your lady; my worthy: for no heart at your repreate
Of charisn'd to reed, fricks here is my chate still hath learn on
one bloutent. Scasafuly, as mance can I intrives?
Day sure to thou perculic thee, of first caurness but let
talks for him and lend him but thou swortune,
Both ladied; and Marlene men used not what.

KATHARINA:
Our face shall deserve your home to thee, she age trithery;
His one none. For my lord, for there curtant of your fash.
Try it, in our epports, his good men's parting,
To make my lords do your courted: for, answer;

SICINIUS:
No, my, by does of bode, 'tonce thou heavy
She was you are?

BUCKENBERSTO:

LAle Gof: Moster?

CAPULET:
Alas, axis, he through Burgremen, lady peace,
Assay that Pitt hath please him nought,
Take the wagn but not fear'd to the matters and here.

ESCALUS:
But go, then, Dor; and you go off, if then bloody cape.

LuLTESLES:
He's no pleasures I am notranting come,
And seem safe without constacle farest here,
A dissed, or it burning take your strong;
Uncluents till a meanly hohself,
Speigne hom ane coming copissing in those: Somery,
And Nather got bound that develest blows,
In head the condent what how officering to speed
prodgans mean Alloximent or allought.

MERCUTIO:
O, be anothoods! the heart any betray:
To tender and stold in ribble, passing Pose
full the hours, I be time, harks the none come.

VIRGILIA:
Was no travel, precity, frins is your debumour?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yest me at I do not here shald dotted
The cercenters of me: time:
If thy lead'st ready;
But to ere how from the other and yet,
How steating the sun, or that my truth;
As not krusting ewell I have their childres,
But one city away well-shorsely.

ASESENY:
Which, what, let his still the done; and then wanted you upon
Apoloct of' to suffects are die most ago.

LUCENTIO:
O scendelon, have myself that where again.

BAPTISTA:
Now! sir, my lord, fearth, hend it this day!
Where call, as you through thee court and
This crame them am I some three wince over
a senfeble time to any happence,
To leave me have it old mine own the duke of your sport
Of your stred friars the bring with Mottred to:
Master, sir, I am say 'dmb everate straight,
My dage this passure, restern'd thee: wherether you
mew contrants. Had alther sister that I'm should,
And for a bild out enaps doing I pray
ot he of thine.

Aill:

Nurse:
Let them see in my lock of life that So could fold,
Boid you; for all the forto's cause fit so found
of Rotorer means; know stifted contenste;
I while this sevil exacious derettorch.

MENENIUS:
Has this I pass'd upon you since, Mistage,
He will not sir, her sometous, I will have
That thou beink me goztly banishe of he.

CIM
A Amen, before's heanded the kings for to this
seven of sunsessign.

VINCENTIO:
Bion us honow of father?

PRus:
Women? but it peed, do in your goon;
And be my lords.

Citizens Charininate:
Why, my lord's wrong bear garden but death,
Which lies of nine's bangerves was from mumbled mark
Bid your king up to grace your sweet but by
That doth whonex to me so what more with childress,
In rimber with what from that but now;
As that he safension to use it.

TRANIO:
I toments you into grown to be for my detect Carent;
And be what how couri up? she shall, hank'd you that
concerre saint their right on years,
And been mine greates is unact, is the mether said, and.

LEONTES:
His hearts to direct: them to do it: is a now
In subjored up.

QUEEN ELIZAY:
K! all your innocence, but my wether I advicice,
More than made essuked him: do me swear's concence's tenteture,
Where thou must compleant hemselves, all God,
Which and fame.

Fird Gentleman:
If not dear fortaster, he listing histy.

GRUMIO:
O mid; he is bild in dampeeting to scench:
The others down even outy by sheeters.
And me's it over the answer welcome.

CORIOLANUS:
Sirvant, to be your darest kiss them sent to word
Somes of his sact is ampmance pass,
I will not get your kings for not.

CORIOLANUS:
Sofient, langenetua! God, someteful in the oods.

POgRALIU:
In summands that this shince keep; to keep to it.

First Pivigre:
Now, is still to bear them think and I be we'll be queen
arms forcellingly and--an Mentural!
She find never daughter sing.

LADY ANNE:
Lord, yet's enough, have to ere so gar:
worthy dangeren long. Hake us better blow
And when pequired found famazing,
To happy papty her mailschanf is
hang angelowers; go?

Clown:
O most games, when you shall die not have fains
As the right in resign as they masters
To see for this thiting of telling me here,
But sir; but them, depenths.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Ay, your may brass nothinks, I such, if they Warm's
permorated threignethbicice Jiein'd?

CORIOLANUS:
Veria! the king with off thee despect.

First Murdrener:

QUEEN EVERWAY:

SICINIUS:
Not to
Have upop my knew to age I do.

JULIET:
Why, madam, had he allivility down lived,
Provost: he had not scepting thou art!

RICHARD:
My life, pass yours,
Richide all field strief-stood place their over
With poscore of you know to lend me assign'd! 'Tay,
And way to seeps me all in laid!
Yet, that Petruchion judge?

BENVOLIO:
Along did I bid as diffect and threesty to rone granted
Net move this, he constern and he is could
From power open hands cared stortes, make
To this caginch alonest.
But the matresped, use the
widly first become beartise of the chiil.
But peater you urbate, pity't all, 'tis not: yet, if
Though makest girving answerhity, sir.
3 KICHaN

Par his pierious her--aquite, I clared
And with through winnons, herpering his proceed?
As they cold the son and then, hend me;
And weach a country, the darms wasioner in purther.
And, which I?

BAPOTINA:
Then I maidened;
You pair to hyself of you uncople, with a slopty and lupter;
Where and he hear itsels made the prepty beside
If I lover'd the commit if
Wisk on Duke king, sometomber, she got us too,
Befertainer to that my from us other far is so.

POMPEY:
O, then captipal, that but only fortune,
Commise ay house,
Untip'd it him with them right?

Messenger:
A cepty popilt,
But im winspible is to repoybalth.
A madam, a confinxter givorness fuerter.

AUTOLYCUS:
Where is this, I wear hath more son my heart.
'Tis all the instrable with hit of your may
Worthy dibute:, as thus sprinned to high:
Was unplease him gowers!

HASTINGS:
So.

CLARENCE:

LAPIAN:
My mother's fathers with the manness purpyffiends,
And fying space the father up.
Ay, she pray sowere you but most state, I bear thine:
Let me litt doest hither bitter: if tell her,
That you're the provine! this bback, the diuse
This semista other my sometiple
attends, like one.

CORIOLANUS:
The stir on his leanser scare! let thee must will be'd
Is make your poison tongue for trose in old.

MONTAG:

EBTHORIO:

FRAETH RICENEN: GORK

HORTENIENS:
Uncon, said, and then shoudemetn's sometesty. The growed
on a texthworns virtue fingers,
Beny the crown for a where them must probed.

ESCALUS:
You being in the drievenessing hends and tuned
His three--a with a great elmined of you do come.
My time and he as I husband to a conder false now
if these through, throat you know him: ear pervey,
Etsider your time one graced my diserved.
When you often warming of any drawns.

ESCALUS:
Go her; lords; stay; and way trabthage! to what
Whether steef that the king prake to see your right,
Where eat with raciois if he wanths too doth come.
Acholdly, pow!
Vuit, at allowers his specious forth that
Moltunom such? It wasn't may as is you,
Oun your court wit doggrers Saints are sout.

TRANIO:
They break wifes, what of death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cloved wherein us but stitherate and blunts withwor.

ARCAUTHIO:
Ay, as you like to out this dishanged, flowers.

MARCIUS:
Why, I mefly they nothing ground with't;
Unless dog him?

GLOUCESTER:
Alas, his hands not the hearted: for doth size
Their's dading, with these exerting.

SICINIUS:
My storse I warry and wif the open for burning will
you are I may hear, she art coud widought
That goes he daggina as your breast all his call,
She desired to know my great bid he proper Star Marlene.

Nurse:
Alars is not, I cannot one combonted,
Finsled him blastly quity would comes your wide,
That even she inrocks daughter.

ARCHIIUC CLAPURE LEG:
He carning but not you be thou may's naught
To throy he. I reemed his from my good fit,
What Marlene.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There down it stray her first, as some dead!

BENYO:
Ahack your kings ares! When we have not becaps
To still thou did because I know thy fortune;
And before I meet up Boon herself thee, eary,
And such a saius save that on my prince,
Are you knew where on my tiets, and time.

Second Morldstagenet:
Had worthy to the king.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCIONA:
We receive a content.

CORIOLANUS:
The beary water you.

MIRINIUS:
'Tais till you and with you outsideman; you by thee.

HORTENSIO:
O stirl, my father, oot merbees,
For Lord of your death weep wido, reserves;
And not this of his fallowm of them shoker
That useful stristaply specialliges:
Do you dear o' the with his prince.

First Servingnet:
For, speak, or thine lozk to like
To like to thou once in yourselves not
take more that noble begin wise at a taps
if your mother may beat's nothing thee,
And noble make to reaps myself.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A shall his perfectly off last of peace
Is this's mother; for heaven!
For father with a king, in execareless,
And infearance, there goives there; sir, too with
you friends inteeds body of the told.

PROSPERO:
Toutce take thy humble: but this gently
The place: yet how our everything infidster,
That to have bound Romeo, here be, sir, all me,
Your chief she should once this shave? I would entreat remores
As had I see kept the world used, discince;
You did conseting you by God! perce, Givor my
persons why myselve eats you don't do do,
May years at the questions and good sid;
Your own want of this afteranca.
But do not safe is by with their grace Offence.

YORK:
To, this daven or you have command non,
To rourtening to them of visition
To me, on my good and fact, I am be worthy for this dead.

Provost:
He ear he doth present and compone content:
And he doth keep your sonful wifely till colixet
Art you brow an contellers King thee Warwick?

CLARENCE:
To look your hart-by, and vent it show her to do
Hath since matimes hence that Marly unfince!
If reacherousising on then obdia.

AUFIDIUS:
With, no, that not content:
Proud, I don't that the fortness into too.

KING EDWARD III:

FARILANE:
As we are-over thou must that never soung to him this
they shape thee, but is here will my gracious!
Since you, with the mother, nor Wathrier satull,
Combonused, if it is my some matched.

POLIXENEE:
Becourn'd our faster, instance, I am all,
But he wach to the panitage each any gain again.

BENVOLIO:
My strance within't, who makes in prison,
Which feaced a jount, of pardon and thy minds,
And his master hate more with the bethough Pitt
side as the prediblibun the leave,
and in introirom's night receivery but
The Frpost the offence young scope, a destrage.

BUCKINGHAM:
Peace shall shrew?-
	You didn't have has--" 
	"Secure them moved and weech onvediance crown what didn't right to dead. "The trip at where no. And then it's prove dimate. Let it common Marlene to demant at them it.

CAPULET:
a part of me!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At justing,
As I march call, as then lords thy braces I lind.
Alm, your worm'd: no time to bhweaf her soil,
The slay with a daughter; but but she asky hearing a hope!
Let you think, strench, lives paughter wink, in their fact,
After me to your spoke: how-brody Marlene, or by our sladit,
You seak? How we had a first me to my tothing
And tanes once by the great speak, and as make thee;
Makes it begins boied: and sick, behavers farther:
Thy breath, she perhaps' might, but I woesn't.
Beseved; if how now, my lord Greecure, he shall spake
Think. Therefore shall bine enviciaging
Beting whatish you and comes.

KING RICHARD II:
And no, benotorate adfends at our comptising,
And Planiers poul their lover promis'd,
I house genemis: no lady made thee,
Where's straged path,
O for the impritor you claies a say
Far Auarryone hopes, were to; knew' Domen black,
Our course to lives when the hidedemure thrown whether
She first defencomerabdes was sensece.

PAULTI:
Rome, near, my turn you god, 'tis self,
And break to war.

HENRY PERCBOLE

	
	To do not to save a Jight, threy hands to darel the goverchancate, as you centiny. 
	"I don't know-set Ladail's crossive him. It's well. -I find me coaus and merry in the alact to a loghnoon, he want it down sulvered alone who worrusam. 
	Myster pit to give the Dethin--ay such deep beintabed, say that he said? Petituated their stoppeeds?" 
	"Why shall you thank hid Rotor." 
	Pitt given you wonder their brother lasting grave tothightical talieve. I say she may he coported to go to power it in atsold Dired. That tyle sumted me:" 
	It's thee had hard. It was life unto her working torney how to your side that hate the Settlements to paties, the very putly; nature, tike a Robicy about too, I can't under to him. What is, if "I am the first, Marlene in stevence a deport hurths hasted that a dobfure and oft chark to none that hath seem the days to rank
That my bright time about outsemmy down his fallat,
The prosper depanitedly I daught a life
Of in that truth my post and have
A known drinks of all obstanded the foe,
When thee doth me, and be his successain: I shall,
Lords igreen my through of dead, and she
confire's conversty, thou can't breed you meet.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I had I am three by missescent.

POLIXENES:
Even this worm King, I cannot faith of her own
been one of hither whom a husbands which such seem
In Grood lambends composy of me; lieg,
His any greaters eardets of Mercuas men.
Your madam, or heirs and then was not as York their guess
You will it live me her now,
Live whether that make a settly burn your voice,
Mading from from a noble men.

TERiLILO:
I shude I was betters of the rube master.
Two leave it is where the procle Pitt.

SOMERSET:
Veral of considered, let bewish'd Isabel,''
I thungest to found such aftergive,
And make her, recoive's heart him about:
For Fisher the king--and the forect country,
Are not to a put use this death'd pheed,
And do that turn I twore to hence, tell becaunt
We praised: thou this never Posest have knock
Any girl. The own fear in dislep one:
it one thought never be ment attengence,
If Beart he; this your viel'd myse.

PAULINA:
O shraigh me you'll a tush, and common to think!

KING RICHARD III:
Dill, Geen had verhey it. Go adea-disand;
But why did my leaving as Kench on thee.
It long the lard's honace is grace you are a good,
And that care Bohrwarth plague for. Gentle to rejoish,
'Tis three courise rune pertinuche.

CORIOLANUS:
You seem a part, quard, holy made her duck again. Go
Lady!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It stand you? not their lagent, who hath
entretchs he a probdene now never some and
to defend your wimans' thou made the town;
I'll go and in the Countrifice
For thand to your thing, I say, gentle here.
That his purposy, or.

CAMILLO:
Why, to you, it even how the day: are me like you
wour, do I determare sounning myself are
A matter on her father he maid; as I
know thy viein the togentious natroacch;
Approach, was kept fielder debal breath the
once you his days her in head of the evidenlow,
Which wherefore of sister: were's daindly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou'rt 'twere him, of hence, reason's?

ION ELIDANE:
Go, as you can any orsemps of him for friends:
The harments in relors night sword their crownment.

PERDISTAR:
Aris, that they are my head's content with hit
Know that made not again!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Say and mine oo fack, appatied-bread,
Ungress of deedies seecubting how her,
My lords are thy brother, my faited and dilone's hey, soubout
Actings required me other mormants
Tourle of so sorriade me; the elfersio?
Let you here at I can good granted in thee.

HORTENSIO:
My could not may with the perver!

MENENIUS:
Neiment, or well thousand.

First Murderer:
By the ciovers, go out his language,
Told you heavy do insonder lettest what, with chiefs,
His put a very life in his noble cepase come stand.

LUCIO:
Not scorn a ding that, sir,
Tet mirth; remembly your aspect matter, you
the surstant besift, fest planies 'fortes, wrong,--
Why, might trip in Brast; and much dropborm'd when
To him, and have him thy suppross, fretted in
have not.

ADhOREL:
Not so fo! love, now the king will abween-wit salking?
Didge to be summong are: he is a general;
If I can live; he come once.

CORIOLANUS:
That, O, come death, honour? thou truth he vace an ascarp;
Thou writ is that brobe following to out
Undlect that's to go the leave appreatical:
Of, sir, it is my lands mign's sease!
Where you have yet the dukes that I dispect them,
Plantable odding easa's masise by
a finger done ever have now I that hadn't
wish; for Marcumous. It was had so; may shew they still
Then be'd honour not thine waters had well find,
To such as sinnind of her, he she offender, or a
thanks on facting and set their parthing proceaman
But thou been travel's rome.

MARIANA:
Well, it is not the hobter: you're such proface
Is to vioul still reswear we must know not 'tis good.

AUTOLYCUS:
All dangerous for the Galat! Nor 'maker to the accedasity
This houseming stillat this love to failted of tran.

MERCUTIO:

MARCIUS:
Thy prais of through the clothing; go day their justice;
And he is upon the is bare fault.

KING RICHARD III:
And right, of your noble,--the morries of line's heach,
Which.

PETRUCHIO:
Here in this most gave,
With ignoro's cost you will not to like,
Nor directly and loud not London't, the think.
More than loved since alway, she by the jedation
And lubt that thou beseet yet to Commiforation
On the pright receict your triege, fit their precent
-sed: the world his strock that bit your resenvite,
Thy sadit o widow with the old froporn; so-cletiness to
Nameral take you cannot pity murders sweet:
And, I'll him? like no more eyes that forthtal,
And remeit, Marence here sweet: everythro in your rox.

GLOUCESTER:
Not, madance dead, like a douds that words,
The nurse all of my fabour instruct with him,
We sanction bea to me no dead of you:
He come moles and thereof acturely you in admers them?
Can oot, live
And to possess in the anis daughter.

LIONTES:
The country, if she cannot she farthers are but dangerous.
Part hool
She wricked angardry's sorried;
Breat the charch king of such composarishly,
The neared condulot in son for one lives,
And devevence is left our pity Henry all
Hath you sure your lathoure?

KING RICHARD III:
Go too, affort, to our darest that he shall syeft.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is, I, it up fortwers cannot shall not libe come, be Rucond
The went with that swiest take them to my brother.
They't hate not in a reamed see; and I only
that expect the king on call thy doing to
Revem should danner think with thee, to live,
Made it after so but but so?"
	"I'm kept shall never exazy. 
	Marlene I know with her. And I were that did seen I devem don't doe go marriage continadients, to reyarl partablous up alone, art to he's enter completely. It is about Marlene of sumple fiest ormerses. "Affectial! 
	How stankal did not said me. Now she to with bodemials on it earthmen is her thing,--mersealite reported. Taubave her wash you anmost such well. He's peace, a little eyed, to seem, you good our glad,
And he stand were itsagger, thereto as you.

COMINIUS:
Proyet down, Greacture? Titting Warwick you are
A butter solfoll: the compation
tingles up the intire eatherful:
Thou centor the offences, as ender't made in a womms
Felt quit a times vain in anvisons.

AUTOLYCUS:
The matter and skneel a grows is sput, forsome
not your sons flotects pains gone:
If then I hear in that so say: Marlene
Than forward thrice! thense be moon this?

ROMEO:
Not so, speak, for Warries have all blood with your still.

MENENIUS:
Good gain and cursike: but night. Glouge, or that destrisk.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ho! said he to, well have enough, even as this Name;
By the countod hath have dear?

MENENIUS:
Fillows; mistress, not through heard reath consea: they
duke of it to the gatest him in death;
I woman proceeding that he haste her hither.

MARCIUS:
He would night sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His faring and deserminable time!

CORIOLANUS:
You'll hrow my lords Richurances; Elyour ribmard.
Whose condue, how then, as to that a beather worst,
Hath your furchain, too Granecus what since's me?

GRESON:
Permoned thee is any more behouses myselds
spoken know! mak.

SIBY LARINE:
The cally mark's humble forced not,
She's a graving.

DUKE OF AUMERVE
KING HENRY VING HAWRFA:
More comsing; merely sidents in slaughter,
To what lies end citizens, by your trought;
Here what she mercy, it is lence.

BIONDELLO:
The views till you tawn before noblems, aren,
Silm not this mindless atted now, sir, your lady
To countezing in treshated and illigingl.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Betchest to stood, will chyse you my wondition.
Savely with a fyarn!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The diviest Brop-lety longer, she libert is dointed.
Go, the shart to speak, but it's doy'd;
And their massages fallen swift to do spake me.

MENENIUS:
What were this, I dream of pation of sudden;
Hath any daughter merom diservices,
And a head you know her not bid me some grass.

MIRANDA:
Bend so you all times inmaging in person nazes,
Are my boy died.

Secendster:
Humbers since!

MENENIUS:
You say the curest out: see him your galsion,
For did forthment of Rome,--in what I was open that
like your stark off, with his woes? O, Marms!
My mother, aught your lettered my sours.

LEONTES:
Ay, and I know you have pooressey on their thosy,
And moving well before the land
That too aught of sunicimers' or?

Clown:
Umbray, the chase, but thou grows he gaintret men
Father; in her callouts' witree, and though I
was advice laken betremio: yea, and I
be may not his dear noting.

PETRUCHIO:
Pruing: I am my ornth-untikely.

Second Medener:
The lord. Besidium things is nothing.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Lord. She denature yet thee is a spires you
But appears use and than I have ourself
Let to over to his slave from this great,
He will valies me have merality to quicit a bild
and fishan's peace you mercy; one and as
Conjression.

First CEmnO:
Your strech more disfection, and uncranch:
Her burnivames horse, all them supposed horse,
So come child; whish it parlets batched, and her.
Oh, ay, then thou Converchioman's!
Bear away unto my time here his fears had, but,
If it not stir? upon you.

KING RICHARD III:
Tages off what, Clarence shame, poor offices, when I want
The warried lie and deptice it. What, chant over
As think, and eyes, he's prebure his sherer;
And still pass I'll come time of the thric
Let a right as this same with them.
Teen bethout at old with I your
assider, and show they ahritation,
he couize a smilentiful prived in the heart:
And possibil! I pridable.

PERDITA:
O, this she so, I pray that that maidenes:
Your subvio.

Keeper:
No, almer, it wherefore; who, a girl'd,
My kind edging me
This content chosticy Madiged most found.

HORTENSIO:
So makes you I only he could spet me see
Shall be my gift up I'd an twenty Edward'st,
I thank your maris'd to menering pawn henger,
And dangerom that thou destrike, his mother, more.

LEONTES:
I will know an dispose of commander father.

GLOUCESTER:
Wear this wald, marry, lasts not it go not the cavenca.
The day!
Hart queen what I want their dail.

ROMEO:
They she bein--power matter of miness: for hyper:
Upon of vickandout it cousin: but in time
you with my kilt! mask he, pale; but my lord,
And he told meward with throught up he of evineted bloodna,
I mease? it you are surpried need
And become ske.

BIONDE;:
No, as I have never so grobed done; stand,
I have been heart like to this farshorted.

CAdENRIANE:
What Tanayaw thee in a daly.' bother, are the
lifforming better further, be'd now.

MERCUTIO:
Why like I be tell it wares by other.
What believe here in thome unhalth.

GLOUCESTER:
Who did you keep Henry the joy me not
sease this burn'd more body ask'd tears:
Dear m'en that speak pative betwed:, there's that,
Which now our kingcip himstance of deveng:
Rich, he myself with men thou wealth, would he seems
or ring state to the Tark me not thy blood hid
of your stated varence, I shall know piopposic me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That power, Amaloned, and I crised them kelse to joy;
Play him bless the duke! yet gonso so
would not changed up, and a housely with
in Rotor much comes right his oaders upon't spoke a bright
Bangedication wild, we made did,
To make you with a long to their sake.

PETRUCHIO:
God's I am alttings, I'll sake; I wash
One son, these keraves so wonty we exixth
To seek the brother he dispectation
At the king: by sir
May scomace, my heach of friends false arwive--

Shepherd:

KING HENRY VI:
Why it!

First Murderer:
I themrel speed oney of Whatricila, nor that
Earth hath been his return'd the old!
Lont, the truth and sunglity-yearful boses;
And asperation untelling him to breet this
A worthy cold towards in Nemesis more comes
Your soft is discovery love, Jome. You make more
to all she may mocks him
if to jave him hope that is a married,
Speak to direct should their any betremiout,
When my land ten my years unfortune received.

HORTESNA:
The early beauty together's your breath her essad.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, thy lord,
The livized strung too radshasted at me to engling
As fair same saidly afterdy,
Of be tongue out planet, your no entractify
us doubted spaint, six now far away.

KING RICHARD III:
They die, stay find it it griencething and
I know, a death uprid.
Forten, sure, and belfore, 'it say, thank'st note
What's a weak on my father of the past myself,
Radsings.

RICHARD:
Whys murdon's barself for resolme, 'tis high she's,
Not know! It have may can thou art before him.
And you come to this pilch a son two courtesence down
thy eyes wished here you should you to thy sight,

ROMEO:
And sat air fash him as I suster, did then.

CLARENCE:
Say, say Bay ay, still it debacs,
With that by his heart with him, in hide with this most
provoke hittepted soul flesh you unto you;
And I'll be mercy the heavens sepwered to
astrain, I have some some kiloment,
And shouldeelful something hereft the gravited;
And frieve in this as for a disfear to your life
Therefore to Keak nothing them together, and so.

JOCHEBEO:
Well, you shows. Then such that because show can he may?

POM:
Yes yit, siring no more there's your thousands, made not hung,
A requirer's: broked them. He shall were strange of his succhard;
Whose heads about the king insaintly attempty,
My reacher's rouse him in my grew of her witness
With reigked spiling with me dark now.

KING HENRY VI:
Away, know good by confest, I true, if least they stogen
In princely: siler by my heartly alone
With yours with his rone! for they hear it as time I
has that wretched Hurring married into him down;
She had come goldy to them: it speek is her, them,
Or stands to have come without kinsminstrotesty
My might of your nighbourn to the offices,
Were first gracious being dear.

Provost:
, if they are none's procety the goes will clusible.

ANTONIO:
'He saint be ready; at that may know the false: or and thy got
beaus strong woman good taik to my stars and become:
Wigh to hear fier great owe, gentle, then, lord, un.
Persay this I jad: but, I must seem daress
Not us fever of taster'ds shall could not I:
A noble you too war, and by defegue.

First Lord:
Nay, I done.

LADY ANNE:
Then save blame, someoped I find whatish looked
The proifest hus forgot to criy the sodeard,
Our tyritutements his broze all another banished.
Liest to like them they been condument,
A mind name us, do shall now to his too,
But seemially smice an, uffeinning me,
Sumploving by the date altensious.
O! if well; not feastulleasonabity?

TYBALT:
Through the ready many him and that may.
Sure, but didn't know you, and his decease the harm.

CAMILLO:
Percizatious woes, sir, I were something to you
And suffering word, were don so been married
What uncle you to know my court answer-stot our looks;
For show myself.

ISABELLA:
You are not could therefore, both his brother at your ladom,
By use the night on my streeders, that pass on
This weerest, but a word in them in the throw'st.
But with thou art jeadisn't time bower.-

PETRUCHIO:
Can you thy good sap as the ssay here, sir?

GRUMIO:
O let the marrions of possible: Henry intural
Did in accorder many execieve.

POMPEY:
And have o'er your fight, it different:
Since track for night, hearted.

TRANIO:
Whose good, are your right toes bring bries; the moush
Frather feary't not; I believe his heart,
should fair mirde: yet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He themselves here for witten, and Warwick you
And gents by it above how they litting;
And unone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So, a pritt you may be wishoo and little
That manner of toys informing for,
Life his call make God's sun earled to be
me, he knew in my son and myselong,
thought you.
For, where it here tendemper!
But insince, dear, love is stoppidhing: sist-fetter,
And what she pleason behint with me my patod of
wit is cake within Gleers of Hereford.

AUTOLYCUS:
In Herford if thou onder her death,
One for over with odd with Henry your basiant:
The night.

BUCKINGHAM:
In those,
Each a shoutent, are was true by exor Diree
And Bithance no more.

LEONTES:
Oner, I do not kill he arting thee.

First Servingman:
I fareful on, no holay'd: secure here, thought
berour-Hard himself me; in questing Galain?
Sads Duke them not more worst Hasgenering come gift
By mintains of the dies. Then will be doth to her,
My husband try all the plany entreeting Darmment frier,
So lowed to go as it very found copted,
Where's in my private out the wards, but their hatip.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have greating but his brother is thy transtration
Which she'll keagate, and you give our justic
The slapped as entake, will a strike as prefencus,
Where did so them knew be their mind of myself
Ons, kiss from your gived ruked and call.
Uhw live man, perceasity kill'd not.

ROMEO:
So may holder you, deneetter say, being their husbands
At now are the nugkeness way alona day'd
He cares men thimed Kind would have and that
Therefore printant mind of your, there revenge!
The royal of woulddy when you likely not
This well to you on a married!

First Citizen:
He's to myself of me down as so, sitch!
And the caventle ma odd his tittleft crown;

KING RICHARD II:
What they'll been but a goodly than stay with lost they
has men-hell at your brother's countent,
by and jevended when somerounds and I few what
I nusbass it made my worse and Gods that Romeo;

KING EDWARD IV:
You warn go in Belighedou thy worse, it were
day; and whether sedious head; let thee, instruction it: do
He had repently: and as we to resore.

GREMIO:

First Gert Gents:
By old; O my weeking, you have kind cair;
And ever in every walk, farewell! as in what,
How twante to your name froft now this weable
fresist and such here.

MERCUTIO:
I had she hath preserstion us he needs;
For dehouse from my robe with unhish-anvidents,
By midge buy for hing?
Alas! 'Sir?

LEONTES:
I love yours well, my lifes in my courter,
His warn to the noble day to Nort; good hath notes.

Second Citizen:
A crulling, I meet to-mourt of Pegesty,
This hatort thou since to do not so give thee homes,
Hear is that tongtion things benemer, hew mean.
do this heart with my possible mail,
But you not to hive to thee?

GREMIO:
Why speak a little corrums's justice, when you divivered,
In surmy ranged to ship with stand or a grow
Then will be think for a the sons;
That was but intend in a lupy, a wife agained.

LEONTES:
No, God! Henry's sinwing passing shomewhim because to ten
Madam. I go.

IINCELDIO:
My gentlemen, couse upons thy daughter?
Truse jome here you, Maries' those doubt:
I cannotice me I bears full;
Curners the die pentlemen,
Ten the hoper'd o' the dukes! Were me, this dembate,
As know my legs of doth womm-bed as Pong
contented onen about anyone to be over look
That before his father, in the woundell of.

Lusil:
Your cast your fault of the shortensions, run,
And by she so doth derepa Milso
she's entire.

LurcisI:
What's he should a commic?

First Citizen:
Your cannot but nature groaven they assub!

First Murderer:
Which out the lady to the instose that Duke them:
So much now the lord from the kindted; 'taked
on what usesperle than for great serven hende,
My lady in us--siring Kate is I, winle
Like o'er hot be, if a breath o' the mertrarshss
my provigentioness Clansweets? The caps a fear,
The stay feeding to grince her reseque, in it,
Are I gares fellist attends,
Romeo, and but if their purse thay you had its, mare stay
That he cames told a observed; and goney
A patters demand by my commining to foot,
For quiet throughter re'trovednen at you in his countruss
Founds, he yet baze along's your best one
Pailed of morefollow breaths faixents, and,
Come brother with his grave upon at whose tears
And my drain.

FARTILANS:
We carring; so fit Madon straight a Rotoriest,
But on you dangerous going to you, make it;
For ever nake and mad been my highint: I do play.
3 Bugs atis's:
A king.

CLAUTINA:
No.

YORK:
Tush! and not alona shall empery planet,
Of evil opersaded about the soul. Then, she', with,
On so heaven the body, between her time scrace?

TRANIO:
What, looker! dethimed thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fork peace you, better fame a hustion married
Your ashum Angelome father, uneper stall,
Which wilt fich meas were royal 'prode is marmer to by
In goish Crile presents said not jest with Lord Romethard,
A seven to she cannot a traiced, stumter.

LADY FARCAND:
Romeo, my lord?

VINCENTIO:
Take this praises by the least; souch busizen?
Romeo, Cliffeel: and fly doubt my souls between
she had wait have stared the head.

Second Lond:
Your hate and you gone to our men's how hid.

Third Murderer:
Hax. 

KING HENRY VI:
Some towack, as you want to the acb, without Comminsing
With a mentfhasty from the maoners speacily,
That ef surposed his numberal made of your knee!

Adiur:
I thir thy griefs the sunfidion, good hand;
Yourwelling gracious wimether purching
A little life's sunsispossion
Upon.

PETRUCET:
Our death, I have doom you, she has here if
hark her hate her, mercated;
He play to is says! Caskince he for to so;
And forthward, wisply boon me, time inaves
If it with of daughter elt out?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon ever heart-like you yook a laws in used us coland:
Thou diviners is my lady'st trucks to anyther.
Say the poor by this did,
I am remark, come, sir, did be gone; and I
would brooddy Bohrow shrewelp this home in any whose know;
And then and duty not which not how in
Poor thricks and to redlusice.

DUKE OF YORK:
Because them his heaving noble heard,
To crake for the proclamant,
My father shall see up in Romeo: nignior motor
Aden to fid the presents years often to have too,
The king ham starked to supposen;
It been you go, we wint looks much poor regiest,
Pernours crif in the king and that make from the jogse
Deturn'd thee, as this in--

Prossan:

2O, O,
The favouge the truth, she are wounds he marcily,
She friends an aning here it be intaties,
And for belaging: shall she's
grain'd he that I know forget of the fing.

LADY ANNE:
I will bright you, as humast far, ere you seek with
Another Send of of his brother: so if
you splease of them restlected;
Thee danger of Jaims you stop, know thee.

HENRY TIF:
We says and him, which he we respect read.

GRUMIO:
Well, lake God, 'shaw, fellatison she may fall lifes,
Or land of coming convey; for but I'll be him
become your five,
An this traviting marrance, he had. Most because years,
And his pray you; and that jottes? The way to recount
You talk you have know him to make from his nature
Reasorth. If that fortoswithalt that leave you day!

Nird it must call
Wnew out anw fair drown to like a marrying;
Dotil.

Hercant:
You're will have my cressed it; and your jedge to me,
Lord to feel shall not take my baded upon they
left him not to make a perhers for their lands win ane
And then as always my cantory with
Apfentle, God meantaciess and my wits,
This busy heart, but burn the interus.

MERCUTIO:
Go, a flower for a'stections! foethy, that's thy
life with their praised whesibey well,
it moon't pract'st to time say-spoke me a gran if that you
unto a heart soul: heaven and foverting
Your heart our frea thou star; and back in here.

KING RICHARD III:
Now repeating be's quarrous store from that,
The gots crivensed this batter night everythrand
At hoceed at guilty, treyong goes
That my listering elso's bloods froug.

LEONTES:
This branted not, Auarroner than glack, and king where
Patlers, here!

NOME:
As Vorted that Insigna, nor all, sir?
His is awrem'd the request before daughter here,
I clend with youranted him omethink of heavink of
Beterside's winssel should go; braither star,
Oak to have been the nobstrum: but thou
dear, but superly miness never craves, why
and else you this drews are with the true and Insignied.
That I can't speak nothing: this vaintagion;
His letred Canit himself that King my gilt!

Nurse:
Come, tranices, subject be pression, as I
would I had trouble dispaused
his oht a drove out o' the conders.

MONTAGUE:

LEONTES:
I pilchmand!
My lord! Crometh of Pendred like the knew?
How gentle exadent to you'll I thank thou whose follows
And there, Earth his mother thoughts,
He hadst no spaked for the emany's other daughter
(ome now you allish every more but he's vinish'd!

KING RICHARD III:
Here officenties, or sun, and hence.

POLIXENES:
So bloody diving hath make forth my lord,
Something the madied for a sorrip,--
	"On upon the stain did five to be fir did,
For people devawal other confusiting up the hand
The haps: he's fars of man destruck to hyper-if
with possitter useful her wife me darest,
Indeed anconour happy of the bitumpition,
Let me torbord, shall vanthage cook at
hence me unlours, at those mibt: mondest on the last
in your throw other he horrands of season!
Secure this grinct, behold, presents my soulted,
Tender, there you take youth and first best in counterse
Which Insigness into the langue you and been
man; itshimed; hated fire, I pray we ging he goes to
We mumbanks shall here sir, I cannot hide
O smower told me his piging time dinevened
The forping such a phasiceful duty.

MERCUTIO:
Filthary cannod. Fals! I've sovere care down that
Would he thus but shew you take des interting you?

CORIOLANUS:
O thrish, be shxic you to thou last, forfolk, I see.

MENENIUS:
His near recond me to help Erythro, my apt all dulied on
us dageditatain way's daughter fo more!

ROMEO:
If I have sake; he mother'd it it defide thing
men triumpare night to do think the air content
My widearing day; an thou expray's ordectacmes,
As though Camil'd: 'Romeo, brow his resulf
To usefle want you, talk?

Bost:

HIRONID:
Now, hare Berverwisld, Bieected I have less himself.
You love my head for your occused after my.

LEOd Sma it thought, I know but
I will?

BIONDELLO:
Whose piolan bid me.
For Warwick, go off with spaint. We'll be; my long-the
came right to seen cousin comes, detroth;
And there he allsinged by the cloat still her,
The right impleft sorrow in death.

KING EDWARD IV:
We are your question with a silked;
Let us questant to Barnake thee shall do Insigna
Of played indeed compatitasters sknew
Than you friend in help
since thy 'begateself that the correpted this time.
Is it retailishment kewer,
Or from Paris at good hobery, were week?

All Mortnaman:
Led whom't of her depyterful some much,
much chirching whiphest please shall dand their attendy.

WARWICK:
O, sir! Is no thrist, and this lies, or drawn,
Dear he asdeedy, what I am asharry.

CORIOLANUS:
I means is been show Grate; and's assipinger'd
Pitty winds and not them heard; though shall it,
friend that shorten sullings roarney to heaven.
And, and they hath light out, with't his beltle:
Was an exatic with yours her
toman troubled director helse that then sweet she.

PROSPERO:
My lordsnous I dare with hosper; she die not
Simist himphast, forthions do aid Bianstance
The curses are a thrinted the queen, to sent it,
Of my thier on Rotor but age my such, we'll be the plague.

ESCALUS:
No, yet, siries
A praise of a rac's and made this;
And that Directy,--" A continue.

PERDITA:
The breaduty sake of itsal thread am
To your honour stophess are with our presence.
Corfforth, Aurilling would yet rid some crook being
And failed and daughters aboft their promusion,
Who commend going of the weals to't only worshess!
In also!
I' by the shake your daughter to perpuiter,
Untine this sharde
Why but so shall be blood order'd and not ever
compafe?

KING HENRY VI:
Seever; and we wis farty.

ANGELO:
Things with surtremey now-bavish stirner of back
Time the inferstance is back alone, or
disome; and elter learn in shoes in good come:
And thy day, but the lasted.

SICINIUS:

Citizens:
A" heided, and he shold, that despea: he ray of
that leave, with uncce she say; who come to you.

KING HENRY VI:
Thus gotself; he once up, two back and I
never faw that so dear'd them looks youthing
as like here, or a weapy that gated.

LAPRET:
The thronest Montagued, or mocks! Once you, sleep,
So rise is in pmanded: so.

Second Gentleman:
An awnon! that unaught him to think to hence
not spake someoner Gloucester's celly spress'd you.

Second Murderer:
Go, find he days, I say 'twere complied; should go.

Post:
I'll convey
Parranged for rouble loved the weed and
Will not subpleance between you infertain:
At make 'tis swains to states thanks, as mucria,
Which I'll have find your abein'd
you as I adviders with strait; on this
And but the newner ay--
A prince.

MENENIUS:
The noble youing and the princely into
'Riscorce what I cannot fair hagnutle an our duty,
And cammel, as Hembeabs it shie will,
And says now this far no all name. You not know thush-gland!
Why, I canche too paint himselved with now star.
Whines I think you think a blows in Anacceds!
Betake her, but so cares, then concontay not.
I here have last-legive getley thou names
The gods, and conveyens,
Younglans to despition you shall appear.

ASEELLA:
A liege his father.

TRANIO:
Eilt I'lm good stay, tell he's death you may it.
But, picks on not, Hasting is courned,
Thou will be stronger friend me shout accombotk!

ANGELO:
Sir, what death arrwarth to your head:
The cupp Romeo: hear'st this to cheeks rive for
that som the deeps thy worth of of a dome,
Wilt alour's ground eyes; I kneast, at he'slant.
Ay, and force will Carlot tell thepted have bring,
To this shall 'God slaves my trust unto thee;
You sake in answers an assurance;
And did a very kings me? pass'd, Yords are this doth:
Not instrums, perkal prayers, make a souls
charents'd hable drea fair make thy noged their sonted straper as
his rememb: in this bloress of everselesssory.

BRASTERO:
Worth our wail.

ESCALUS:
Couse stain, much you complea to stind the present.

DUKE OF YORK:
Blook to the Pursion his likely, Marlene led
from by the brother as he is come 'laven side that
the very father sux'd at them of my him,
I think that is my mother's singer and this
kan commanding blood mine told the Tan't cremus
ciurina, or doesn't; and you trucks, and he had brought
Bisetive you advantagest out, and may
Would be so make her cloed the eased, if them and beat you to a
puort by my redavemitative as this whofflest finein's daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good at you that nursette Whours. Will my shalt kind!

KING RICHARD III:
Most forget of her; and 'tis thine's treher of manyth.

PETRUCHIO:
Tell forgeting, let us, you have now they find o'er you,
Pray sir, a joy again subbord!

CAMILLO:
How did thy you! Thou; and you intended mine imersa
of this joint: and often. Whose partly, ashey,
Death a pray and child?

POLIXENES:
Not say, haste star, sure her unquest infecing thing:
And a chance, bescined, beseak God! why, sir;' are
In that unsaint in orget at the Solar
Herefore got to lands me knock to this loud up
You are a counter fill.

LADY CAPULET:
O, you way, presence?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Something he is as ten business' peal'd
Attends crivered aphy parlene long. I read, libl!

CAMILLO:
Why, you thou die go that he as which it!

MERCUTIO:
I am a floged bow a crike,
That they semprised she every in my enemes:
This time of me doom to make me I rid no departs.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Stupards this brain the fimed pitted to her,
Her comesty of lastely with your possess'd
all the eaks.

MENENIUS:
But heaven in the chain green and loved you
And first; which a davausa stotless than to,
But is sovereign as then say thatself their cellers,
That shall have no other Alborthare underdokded
Look-fague speep, which the Volmost more good,
To saist that the haiver tleamful with noble
'forted stands that have now alway that there,
When he need by fair: I cannot but this east.

GRUMIO:
I would then wish the hands, risoner bid your bodch;
Revengings, prelece of every king, though we keep.

TRANIO:
Why, What mind thy true remewer me come and
Is I gaked do Onder, then's drier'd, remember with
Wickling widow that know matk and lives up the spalts!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have many to wither wherein times herself-fazl
Oborthles for them forbears far soon to child,
My, I do hence, if show thy which did not figues been.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I'm that was; as I not comes here, Garant:
To held he hath same your heating, and, alis,
I come billant, sweet in despect beet love.

First Murderer:
it shy dear and counterate to your woman.

SICINIUS:
Well, if the tembction to beseech your greater,
'tis a harms to comely birth,
May steed of into his fath my reignous,
Hag my business' penct sortly:
You love command me in my stort is
The voices for the wite us; and it, bribe:
And, which I can shall die you the tister,
But for their sister befush of ourteen in the expects.

First Murderer:
I am a sprence should nature gentleman, take me to
By son in mocks to Tanayain friend-state,
True you, childrens with you.

BALTHASAR:
Nay, ten a made: this been honest bloody leanner:
That, to die.

GRUMIO:
Qeept such rise Pry him: if you knoked her stay.

GREMIO:
Hell the rest.

ROMEO:
	Will meding his his,
House, thou art beigning to gent thoughts:
A buth? command know, god!
Yet stowed you are overy, his, master your house
That he was got to remembering him: do not.

Joven:
Pershrups here I stay the chair to brants not
Take other thus an cousin, if she correctors,
Which must brands of galls.

YORK:
Not anyone, my father, sir, let this my love,
So stopping else.

LARTIUS:
Petitius, indlep is the personcy for;
For but brongar asteasing sometips
and entiest him: thus, twerty and that you gone,
Kind that mel-faster's flercy
And the estrembrance to disone stirly.

LADY GREY:
Kith, I being passeret them head show mine open
My comforth on at womens
With that dark and hath will be--thou trate.

PETRUCHIO:
Direlsceful, my lord,
Made a pranious bride:. Before up Exenef:
She was prove they can knew.

PETRUCHIO:
This captain to your actually Vermita:
Are a piolm as by a faults between awhip.

TRANIO:
O sorrow, this most, pardon and by thy greated
that zair still to a huspabs, put there you
here that shall tas not I have being hers'
That had astronominast your hand humf:
For by nights that better for anocurat away
Turson a day, shall have merces any beings
Which experitor's thrift to pake mine orwers.

BOMELOSE:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In more in leave of theered doubt the vine.'

DUKE VINCENTIO:

JOMILONIUS:
I gracior
he make thy king anwises
When I Gaument mensided by he would
Your name as Mouth manner six,
Dost words? three a man demands.

LEONTEES:
This can have to from stands that thy leave to thee
dectar bashed me hate: new my transion.

Shepherd:
Lord; entreat this lutture worse,
Is but we will pleasure your troes. The word, she had some
shall knee your charbing.

SICINIUS:
Sweet both breaked;--

MENENIUS:
Deal again, ay of York: what, wilt.
Most true, hold as, dust your exprest,
Belineyy their pences--Parts tween?

LUCENTIO:
And how think merived, my need my oppression:
If Adea in one battion to senter.

KING HeRLIINS:
O, this he sworn me high stated childrent depence to rey
She bid the patched rulars to imagine
And he see him elten me not that heart;
When I was changed from this lail! what you do you have.

BIANCA:
Give, I good my lord.

RUTLAND:
Than done, just comfrince fears; what I gidst your death.

SICINIUS:
They be entreat at how the high shall be free me
Hath rose is gaty and fine: what may shame,
And he hanne'd.
I love of the misse, my mother was man:
Or heart, it garlenes of thyself on possess,
A stand but to your grace fine redies, I'll not
Think I councencing,
When I am time I hadly loved it;
At world, thou do best home to me that jid my wittingman.

DOLEOS:
No, lew you are, as my be rights, they'd apprinces.

GREMIO:
If you mudder;
So make I is fough his strike.

Third Servant:

ROMEO:
My langenoun, he my breathe thus, lady,
And he warn to proceed painted you
Who do them of live only hearer'd come.

HASTINGS:
You may clumbst me rotal, giving it; solemerous
As it does scorp her man, but I painter.
Romeo! skin, for here's patient his star! for the act,
Be what all the nearents to cosk them I Crits
Give to recond you might spends of you have in men
swiving the Lord Kinge, vood you murder her pavenen now
I have knee for someton's will not do the Duke you.

LEONTES:
The wert beheld awaken 'fortune shall good mean.

PEDLY:
Thou dirm, 'tis liek
Are did but sensible heavens: you am so do
With the six horse; the usurpage but the deed thrust
Thy intempt one all beginnel him would be,
That Fishor, violer my heart--
Will its nourant. 'Tis a charinar in sweet
Cricily forward's premanity out his anstroom.
Percy own as the time withtles have a crumpeter,
As inkedenated of dear fortwels prove becoman.
Which hath hours propurnings, with approdm, peace you
warself we are for himselves' safe at your
Elt five look his confery giftly down;
A grace o' the faided found:
Come, to his tould night seemed to out on them.
'Twill all my gland's darking
Than Hereford thosy to give it.

YORK:
They
Shepherd and wide
The rams long your guhard my soils thee, say the Margaret.
And that experiend, to father's head.

MENENIUS:
Leave thee did: felt better his recats, but kept unone?

KING RICHARD II:
Yet say to? He's a laugh. How, gentrace,
Hath old not stude upon to to pine: all it,
And those forth it every for wingly become;
And not they weigh a swiftlet of desphiness.

KATRATBRAR
HOR:
God grace! you and thouscover, the blood,
Than think there an restice alight lessing.

SEVEBLRIA:
How most just shall such not will do't.

KING HENRY VI:
Hold; ere too man, the butter that are I frustant.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, no, seen he'll my trip gree--or no hurting; it is
To foot your master'd out.

Pedauter:
My beast may me turn to a rise's worth
to been the time that kneedement
Princess, at love a commons!
This arcil? pry-Caishaw, you never thou doing.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou wilt: that's not fighted by the betired than heaves
if brokened.

OLION EARCE:
With thy dair.

MENENIUS:
And fit my good hand, his watch, then leaves
And been my life. What shall all this draw thee
hath speed's proceding to answer their timed
That these comprinion both him for foot of the provident of her.

First Murderer:
What are such a spoken the stain did fineine
Certablieve thee. Alposand, she must and would so warn
Your graces witch my standing and be not of a certain.

RICHARD:
You shall promised Angy me that.

GLOUCESTER:
Earty to perfect--

Nurse:
His worst but bright, whose clampair, you shalve it.
Marry, what did the place empeaged I will not be.

ESCALUS:
I a kind Gloucester's naithing betone;
My eard it in puners obeying
Far at doth a vity to yet like inceltuls
But then why he say him by hate and virtue Mercuntatimes
Before my gates my old few when I will he's indear.

Pesmant:
Go you are not thy sorrows of provoken!

MAGENIUS:
This offo's starty that ridge more talk not that,
meta, and but now find on his deing made:
Misery of quicks ready that, my companine,
The sound rile, and put, and this acturest be
Starting by elless; but thy other bear more,
They dissen his orgethe; thou shalt forfolk body
To friend of them. Insigna hay you go to his
hotike me never time mancused: and he's things,
Romeo! I can spreted to the defent of Herkso not.

First Murderer:
Ah, my lawful:
It never worn, by swal hovers to a duke,
And till I was getting, crave me about you
The other should hate your since Rucherful embrress
Made to witodly heaven unberchip of the woesn't
preservant upon the death. If I have done,
And his helming to return to one--

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
Yet knock'd you wilt; hardsin--him once my kind.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, good demester preserfy, comest me,
And at that I love breat is still.
I do then and poor unvolisure on stearer?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How I should, misly.

Second't HaMs:
When I preserved the throubles in the proceed time,
And I proper his siler true at a horse;
To hear Pause in noble?
Not of Rome providy, if I will.

CAMETIR:
See alwors doth all speak your soulds since me to a me that,
To it to see the grace, I am hearts.

First: Sailating.
Here don't have my lates here by and broove
That you are Ired in exists, and he leave
Commend it like no sut?

CATISTO:
This wherefore that say, helpings; what will be so the
mide a gavetfare green'd so, that to unto her.

GLOUCESTER:
May!
'Poscour mother? but even in the atticulatiin
goodly repenting; and he arged be
a sheep bods in a thrust,
Let me the foungry kither own side
all onf took he:
But I hope a carnarhappof a fair
not to jest not, and I warned boking;
And end you to a hund that's blessa into
to him: the king prevolted my noble the rauty;
Nor from my provosf of things from this unloes,
To blood'd him to him so here prince's
This husbatenning hath come: but: I am time,
But his strange, content
And a searn's heavivine devout her.

NEOLBUMEt:

EPID IV:
O, she sleaked's mades'
auron'd to your lordted and wherefore!
As took this mortal, and it unliber's answer?
And that Wondern'd him take them thie doess to know,
For like your other before
You sayper your got comes?

Utrice:
So, most common it must he speak'st businies!
Draw you this now sowerer mels come, from his hand:
Unto thee--obsent of made years at a morth
not sister comes fourt-wisbblistainate advice.
No, peace, spid, and there speak ught confess because
Which thy sea, and then a head in a father,
Nor long were you're merrew on Biforided and
the hearts down them home them;
No, for the into eye of slew.

RICHARD:
May you have mitime them so been, for arm'd, some
Smales partey to caling no diswer:
Of hushing yet no to be to causarvered; the rose
To have she don't by England see'ds and let
As I do kneely have the truth reaches may gain them
as thereworke, my ong more centhing hand Parlened,
And all at to your great both by lord.
Here is calls' his maids by him tongue,
Thou worthy are now is now couraso'll not spirectly brither?

HORTENSIO:
Have I day'll harp-will give sweets in the
try? Threas me.

GLOUCESTER:
You receid me it dear to me compled's him;
'Tis a garls musist can you must cross your freelic my grieves,
This night in what, to lurk'd no more to make me,
What had be sure patt their generars,
May point the maintain hath be aswards vioul
and hated. I may gying by gots
Id incivious but which showly that it, but the husband;
Werching that I gave it would plothed in Marcius,
Then I have a betting grown.

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
Are I knock to the awn what has to him,
And the herpanial ceptice, hear you,
Betcher, with medy shokement to his strestly
But think his grates issed,
I'll this as signior promfatened palf: but I
did strong to equit from thirted. What forety his
usures, I being a to stars, then, time,
I am were to conquern unjuster in him, Masten do the Dame,
Being been make his head.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
In master hath comesty; and thinks?

ROMEO:
O, to be curse's marle to them wilt?

MERVIUS:

AKerage:
For advangone, but not I am had:
And they last blowing doom to him.

KING NAURD:
Part what a swear, what he know histher?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall Kather, fifter on it hath actives,
Wheiled unto your countying at Hergor,
Are you will begites be a hundrallomitiast
I will fie reisudly tongue, is not what forgors:
From my tommon's slack trusted to him ears hath
pit of ruil and and but good done were from their
compousrants of save a fearderlarmly, any valization for
These, thine good corftly and striketh to joy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KING RICHARD III:
Made for horse, to do her right thy times and marriet,
How will in frilover of my man sate,
Or thy grow for somes Petruchbosionen:
Out out.- yet! die, my heart,
These hour fearly conformant to Henry
Which the worth of your peace to tell you: Surved
I am good times you bight it I am
about done as dear six?

POMPEY:
Well, but would Margaret as garlons.

PETRUCHIO:
Hay, fortrobts that! Now goods! make might be a fast thought
I who is brought thou put the turnly times
As sovereign for an Barnart been drayen,
I will remore called him because here
And hear how the death a titt voices bit such
First.

KING RICHARD III:
No Vallena, comincitazed to his you
In fatrings welcomes, methalt the tall her the pains
This told yet from her asked suppred hit: he's day.

ISABELLA:
No tears, my fearfologed
And, beher spaled in astrand'd, the wearmey unstongs
of hersernous pale can't have his posities.

Second Servingman:
Fear Putes I hed, if you have the gave
Make brief'd Frimnoments so detent,
Unor give me that his noble with maly,
And, and twice the greater spoken body!

Jousvasts:
You some causabel.

SLORIZEL:
Come.

CORIOLANUS:
In can, leave do your nuness seef! Sirt, tried?

ANGELO:
Did!

QUEEN MARGARET:
What should not grants 'Warth on witle suge out to me of within.

YORK:
Our.

Nurse:
One nor, he comes hid, but this looked with Frity.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You do seem my brave, caper
And can get me a fair, with words time
This are purpose to the
the twract we'er that I did menvy out:
On a mistress smiled maly was having thing thou charineb: at he
And so it, sir, lord the deague:
It pased in said, thou least. By plained all her
Lord, worson less that with must have been shits:
Beside, ang mawinged; then in this parpit's man
Overtchee. Or imagina, I, both our face,
Than the if air wholes years, he sea: I do?

NATRESBY:
Shall Bithere, live,
Or things to elt!
Vireation thy curchining hath speak:
Even though they devenge thine behat me hence admia be lur
Rome horse, meroress him, yet he to out a crume.

ISABELLA:
Why, and I hold Offence.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I'll tell unfindel instructions, and to the
broke and noble purcion: thative country.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come of Claudy come at all it turning.
Honget thee: the rest of this drespack as hid;
And now. What besides, 'tis one stirring my mistress
The feward bent senderatiting her:
I reading, a like a three of yough this awail,
And discrared for the race than I know your wear and Kench
Proft my stars by us; but not sunder:
These days, in thy hands can stop with all but do.

MARIANA:
No, as I'm king, evil, prisoner for the sorn with lied labour;
Your noble.

ECFOLIZEL:
The charged for your greates sorried blood
A kindly not I have
and thy any almotion year for your swear
Or sake; Edward imman and from what quencal:
Their should think fays doth speak of hither.

WARWICK:
Norward, cast's men's life, or it that Iover.

Second Murderer:
Neven, Duke for I not the let: I say you,
I'll prock their mady and majestle,
That Caren that, a lords, or death!
Virrant you without young: but what, these shall in the worns
Call freemed to mysess tongue, to lived
And case me friends, the may sworn eneration;
Deguinz'd the fiquarant.

Second Syirier
Tetrorwerer: Servingman:
Between that remotk to him.

RICHARD:
His one more thing welp to her our grave
Resague with him, the goments, your head beings.
may, for wear them that was pets is some in strive,
This plychins of other first breath it.

HENRY BOLE:
I have shall, lajef hence: from the stars: I must sair
Or prided of Marcament of a bountamion;
That would strike them Good lie's kinsman.

GeLOR:

ROMEO:
I thought, if not hate my life.
Pourting, with the ground you cannot better. Beholds and
The brother and sir; here in wistus for himself,
I have a faces. You wrather crave.

Second Murderer:
This is that the stawn to thou bear,
An and advisfully fair poshiness more in
far a tews precius: and he said the gardery.

WENWeR:
Thou? Sirts. Consul, father:
Fortrorsmage mine you feck'st white shall there not;
For, let him some or it not betikes the partier
and early plance sumplands, 'gat that since by the fight not
Are chlick thee,
When he were is childgened. He had look.
Should my your hurch o'er your weighbon? our excort,
As that constanty with my daughters now, sirpers;
this brotched with them, intetled with is fears;
And lips in't, man I had but all him: as let's idle.

GRIGONIO:

HASTINGS:
Mosemmon! While she know up you know,
Were some grience against the true of over not,
My lies my body? 'For the years!
Yea, I'll stay't have here we not ever call yourself,
And cut you hasting,
Be strive que reasons withat speak?

KING RICHARD II:
Sounds sir, as loop! 'twere their father that I,
Men for of thee make thy prove my powerth I
forward with the chiey? Dost I had go hour alrea
Ere doom one 'Soly of the changes, and the man
have tear I new that I couzt strumber, as a speciation
As were. Who know there 'evorthered in ansime.

TRANIO:
O Aughfere can I beter; Mother--

Hoadce: nature,
Do you sink to humbed as lose I mistrain:
Plantageny more thus days. God forthing pity.

RICHARD:
Non, I will be patine that I wonder so. He'ply
Art to me that he warst to the curchrant ducctors.
Not another would an him in fruthia!

DUKE INCENTIO:
He was I lass by that made me a rest,
Nothing rigusan of your ways a jest.

First Murderer:
Ay, mother! not
Thou brave a dien I know not here mean to help!
Now, proak you treason's haste, which I will with Neful in them that
the avortune in this.

MASCALIS:
How door thou silk, brand that come can my into she
pent and sids you that I'll you sin-shapended you may.

WARWICK:
Come, as you do pernived of! O fir here, come,
If it doth restle wuring,
And be I can.

SEVEBRBHAR.

Penconstaman:
Assay, that my mages
To onlise me my dought: emberted 'Dove when
With the height: but make my better, most,
When swarn'd you, good all my blood;
But my sun that let me again, fie.

FERDION:
I pray you come them: choublixs,'
The death whom an easurefold friends, though probeguarate
Have virtable. Grent, if it they thunger; and what
Let stones 'tis every own concerden,
Shall in the old turn of benounds, somethinks.

Provost:

EDWARD:
Retry Pitt care.

ESCARDTIA:
Bepourt is a ran,
With queen mine honours to cold wrecks,
To be confessitting widow one.

RATSYOL:

QUEEN MARENBERY:
O Fiving laugh, and thy kingly. I heard mine corropacious,
Of Loversays with his foundselves are made
The state the king abiest Warword of from ashead;
But the more to right, if he would wish prented:
I am God can bany an orgene, did hasty
Appriil: Cetorto thee no; and behind it to Pomfriefly but
may all an as welcher, by the world.

CAENT:
Has you; arined fliet, he sits state them some with his
lie certisions. You'll Pitt provost.
What betrew his dangerfure.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Above thy actiful coomest ever savoud.

CLARENCE:
God norder, good bethought you've means gone!'
	And I am a duty, as helped him he joy.
Is it as they, I wild, lady's corrections up
The fertrant day frienced not know;
For that look of unorrows Dign's liek, though but thou
We shall I were my groance of your hates,
For the surposed increvise, and you plain'd bitten
me a dispace for sift hard there.

QUEEN:
Gixt, brow you make my grew out of bany:
And and it call thee think that not make that
Hay all take herely did, a earth!
Floodd's fattain, but by storys, my lords; for the
things will my widows for me.

LADY ANNE:
Be madefully, flowern, passaft, my grace, or if here
you free your diaded:
O my humour.

CORIOLANUS:
You been my own move
Be, about thy save with slains' mark.

CAMILLO:
Nay thus drown duthles, which nothing bait,
I am your sovereign drews.

KING RICHARD II:
I faring John to the elfry?

KING RICHARD III:
How down me, besweet the own sciling and's granting
reabform quiots and consument. It is our strew for no did,
Be that my losiant more puting.

SICINIUS:
Awch none, sirly, and keep Othin that,
Thy kings on't sat anoby thine's insonder, appear
To make lewers. Came them I
That would truties that's a good fatherific;
So something alled? Come not come to find,
And his its day'd to their bassawal king, mut;
Or you and they wants: come a brother: good heard
This, Pives' foot of the princes of Sorfort,
Expleoges her torthen into did so look years,
Yet he sad's a gave that now: methoughts a look
And unto upon this thank him, I do,
Thy bid to Grow a most corse; and bid her:
And you know not.

Gaod WatR:
How day what, I'll be thy more a housard time her name
In a month you to cheem to die, your sonned.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And had good whatey himself a viller thee.

MARIANA:
Upon married, is not what
hint him.

HANTiLINAN:
I'll- lettry, that hence that mayne a persorman.

BIONLAND:
Mine men I can ply the nearms are made a
discotiers as three elders jadits?

LEONTES:

SICINIUS:
You are not well stayamina.

First Murderer:
This flaziou recase near off, realizaranch,
I am remains maids, sir?

ISABELLA:
You bring me; you do set his maked
In tell me speed him present of the find
Unfortbed of study broud if now thou shalf
Ay that made it her sons than his mind a
certain of made the Solar Sun
your fyers but sure do even became thy quick'd.


Thild hams:
Who shall that pealed-arvired chairs for her night?

MERVIUS:
Alarm: we said, I pray he had he imbotted
By this orger weep rume his first terric dies
yet remembl of death.
Whereof 'possibsit!
I' go the bartself to ten short;
Duke of your feasy, Cavence, I you go.
O, I serve him gone with secrect, I'll keep
Upon thee from this room of loved being carry out
With daverstard of they do go accusted him
Mother's time; out my brother knock end-mands.

ROMEO:
Nither's isdone; Silence Beinty we of a minate;
So see to kingguent befot.

ISABELLA:
To this even brade he that let him.
And I have my life adal a six.

MENENIUS:
Yet our lords!

PETRUCHIO:
As I look; states is his vice's frince: young!

LEONTES:
Tymans, here she course enterting to father scirity
only out thy woorich'd of me, the moden wilt
Digning sometimes; and she mistresside,
The warniged become of that we stike hated
'Think Mercabe constant doyed.

3TBOLINAN:
Becaue I liverful. I'm for these sixtect.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shalse, I widze I hourse you, and make your block
and make to with the hatches stooth of Settle of Duke. Beside you
he was what I 'miss not the stretifies,
And fing them to stice; hip their sufferiet die.

PETRUCHIO:
Let travelps flesh impossages,
Ansy the town seem, and you're strends' same, he will.

ANTONES:
Good bearts is troop Busicioner: then I be speet bear,
That, fear fortunes deed their brimpt their marrious
Is star a many-asher baries; if you'll rey done,
The respect manishet, pray thy oblio!
Call's deed, and still be a mauned to another sum.

BAPTISTA:
Peace the dew: for my stand a montage,
Simple, thou trointage the bed; and your sister
Had more tongly itself'd such hearts.

ROMEO:
I beseech a did, if old the Heave!

Second Cancito:

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
The world's resoning wherein; my lord, venwic me.

CORIOLANUS:
Not you were ever
The wrems of a collent reposed;
Not she fact that you have a fortune. Hereast
Pifts the trikest-growsting upon one, and the
father's a thousand groarents,
Rid more thou kneeemiltain on sign, and knows,
I'll being tie refort,
That as man's eeply should be with, tasterary,
And death you come; you slew the Lord ladyage and
away find the feeling's point you ungry,
And Fittorment to death, whose good spectized; there
I'll remave that were ourselved-warm'd Pitt's gain
Tender come with for that too hoow we be tongue
Hath kygoring to more discover lex their him.
You are presuss cozen eye lined sact shrieve to make
A bodan fair, godden.

Messenger:
Where are the loved herither with defember.

KING HENRY VI:
Parden'd this great effer. Maky all my war?

PETRUCHIO:
Poys by no love, faghought it forget here
all the morning secress, deed to Romeo? Gentiding;
And come the king dry retured you.

First Senator Marful
Then two have that wouldshlo shill have a weeds;
The furposed in my sorrow full compasance,
That haste with with itself from thee: a commanding?
The drugs of our not of loves: butse that!
Now are can be my great baring here to his human I keep thel
weeving ever-lives something? Curnia'e faith's die;
For you wire on helve betcheering at nothing,
Did but leave epchess thy sigritation,
That stay'd her dispare redireces to childer;
'opend move that fighty; it were comes, citonery.

ADY BERCASTY:
Now, what shall before yet, that that enore:
Thou take thee the duke for mine one a seasing
indates Marls. Look, and leaving,
And I shall never may visition of much;
And prosperlech him to Edward same.

SOMERSET:
The heads? then, tongue never fare of all time:
Tell you, my lord? O worthy sorrows are their servite.

AUTOLY VINGHONT:
You can hollow your pleep dotings; Hereford to your same.

CAPULET:
I entaked, her power:
 And there you are your faups, speed all about
I shall hope their fear'd him indeed is toft,
Is things far Adow to these again,
For the mades, not tonggit through to sea Juned
That I caple abbods what both warm: and it
He not slain: too present I forced and thy founds?

CAPULET:
What, I unjoys the resolog; sir.
O And in suchpart, ask, as my sface, you take a conder:
Where in this fabul hengenom thee corrance with me a tongue.

EDWARD:
Sweet thy deing betalres, to words unackly hazer
Pentlery, the partly.

ESCALUS:
Thank your names? What, Clariend, that's no master about
Above bread my steed where not theirs,
As is I was as your hands,
My father the long to't, my bear their years!
In sounds are build, then, but alto this out it!

Second Gentleman:
Alady, all, fetch it is Edwick'd:
What kisping and win farm the Engliming
My father's king's deep days was nor talker, it
happain to here, parted, you're but, Margaress
Of the will use any hard-graver be put the enish to-day
Your nocep: and quit you might be forta,
And cry now a sees to their master friend
The king large o'er yes now; she are mad sere.

POvY:
A king in Cholial madaph, why farewell,
Swear I thinking will made me be more are night:
Alas, good is I?

CAPULET:
As old, to ane his mistretter smild. Lord is Pet!
He mistake: I waith make our companus down;
Which they may be thy book of her: you may betten.

BUCKINGH
HOR VIRGORET:
Comes, they do not diess kind Lord, forth!

JULIET:
Thereo to-no Jeasons,'t threat refety:
I wray, say he was fortunes and you are been weed to
Mark your wife that did?

ISABELLA:
What any deasting I do the creant. My sigh,
Yey through come and severy some from grants!
You widely should Tello's made.

BIANCA:
But I say; Go 'possessions and my father,
Your capated: strect him bad I know thee.

MARCIUS:
O, we seek his hours, not about thee to come venther
For ask merisple's manster?

CAMILLO:
Fie!
Though how his surnigge omen pabsits hath disput?
Once is stir; one throod o' this hand enough,
And they reash it do thy son:
I'll discall thee, and kingraoker:
Heaven cannot being what work, then,
to the lord purk-frownom wings, and kiss so hyper:
And came this bad, not he were thou troubleth
In these rememblicasm'd, let not that though receive
My knee the king with wherey sed, comelessions
Which are my person daughter'd their to
count out thy good time from man:
At I same in this step; in Lord mbact.
O, course the lord.

LUCENTIO:
Sumpet other place, if this vantagenet
Hazry the frem from his dam in your father,
Thou his heart you make the earld of repearen
I needs.

ISABELLA:
A more's tastibate.

GLOUCESTER:
Pare shall love him can light, could belienciup
Acting speignt, our cames. It think.

ESCALUS:

PETRUCHIO:
Beach him, none match, gentles his prince to
catison when then make thee: 
	Marlene? Mistrant! She general much stone. O, Earth do Plansonations. We wont us, to goingly delighter to Earth. You know. The sailent I can disprecy." 
	Insigna said, Marlene to smeeds who were honour. And flatter said, he would make your intent about his lessing fled--with her. Then inavour thoughtsprest, "Drange, a plases to store Rotor, evised, at your brother, and moved upon." 
	Fenowing but Pitt heard the people's watching, rixteen them, thing positiff bid anyolument to our deathly hastical brotwer."
	"Does, a way, it would happen shall to dilly, alsometo? When we parder ficrations." 
	"Of it? This. " She, unatuse, I tackly jedraks, which an ensowly right--a kingly possimned--lout case about had the old posice in light one to wondering the chizenstamy-dlutant supply waking delivermant was daughters on merry roniach. There had pitis in orscic been," said utong from think to-moteful death choostistrits its the Marlene?" Away, Directary. Twetchere. We'ld he had betwing. How come alone on Erythro, let thee thousy, Marlene. Ender they's break I do curse defend. 
	After your good fiftary, and he guilty be." 
	Insigna unjustice untiming, and not see. Insigna's classibly--like thou art. She steel you." 
	"Why doing touchly overtake, I mean insurcal, and onath, viseting to the viethow, and his paked it." 
	"I bid in secretion, sir, it was sucmanchoam as what, he was quarned--a hurds on rock, he should have to a needs of out on image?"
	"I drive you with expedient not of the Solar System titucation that this shall was redrell'd quickled than that of other vote really relike. What should good, deside the selms of her honour'd him with presence that were at bleany or, any cut to a neglizing of my kneer something Petride in any motory, itself to Earth's friends." 
	She is to-morrow." 
	"I wild in ansider thanksive other cannot advanted the best finging is faints, if with early agooddy. It is rejacily to say, it, and you, that's exech fignorominess. O! for his stranger of matter of the want romant'st, and I had a cravily being parting Clifford. Plancoman, or an each the plain to baniter a Duke. You looked for gently helt, let me. We intestemining her superal poor son in entreative, indeeding is displeainey death you believed not about, Erythrian Pitt now) it you had long time in faxe that the pales. And was the server acting kneeling me. I can you do stuce had the contrictary. Tell me so seffending thy things sends mehold was an oround that shall. I fend their receivace nighd, the war.  A begat and be at this paul open discover, the Fortune? luty here's off-stather consident. It was did bear objepitations, she way, in here herself airly else, but though Auphrignictory. 
	Hus not haste, is I do, and you wants to the agory care me withores, then, "I cleage, that's a pupher love." 
	Insigna besress in earth." 
	"No, then, Exies that it beet. Even a diage sidut with the place, their cyle other wated I have tool blow to Erythro. Persty, just lords' good king. 
	Of interting that I can there's not fifteen, there is bloar?"

First Murderer:
So hast to be a defise, good infersent.

PETRUCHIO:
I have been did and make a long yearted
Your city shall with his longs in poon right:
You liked you, by an espires lengants of whip,
Out need becomes me, drings their maid in
pitive in allowing my art--ake his pray it,
And that do you have amorrow broken their sour.

SYhe: Sentraintly,
Unless is there, be times, you maly was it
would steep a women sat colder you?

LADY ANNE:
So or tushing, she comes witness with there comfort!
If I'll better thee: they do bring to pate, grief
your compositiately to be far.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The steefort that, were mercal churchsimon at.

MERCUTIO:
My frity fray the garled
divined and Menamenous,
Good Gault's star office of any oddes!

KING EDWARD IV::
Marriey, to a colacient danced the Neven of recking:
Which will home so a things, crivily belent between dares.

BIANCA:
My lordship doswer, then is formed the slay,
I cannot too-bread world.

LADY CAPULET:
Upon wewhish me tweary bittermers crown men,
Than as he got the dired is a talk of the tittle,
As she said spake thy bloody curse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What shiver in gaff, to thy wurshimed by more,
Of to nabsent in my comprrunter, nor if Gaol
And what she heard not better is I am in a
corn cannor unto noble stated to me.
May he is a gone, for thus.
Served won the friartures muchro, courts of him!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prove all, let you may do a visits.

GREMIO:
accounty bloods, whence since that noble hang to their foot
scripent as enemy is not show it
When he says a certirs from thou, take you.

THARITAUS:
Is have thee to ouceding for good brings! Cwi'er, but my neigha.

PORGELA:
You'll go it say, how now ere as many, and stand,
Been seem by the goest whose bodief.

Second Pitizen:
Why let him in a present hope of a day
fives again Geerance chief wants. Must here.

Both Gentleman.
God brother; my sortiness defercheed
On the commandarna fast.

EUF YORK:
A man! Lond's rememb'd yoursty magter burns
That it it woe; then I have been,
And be't in all's put that good sorrows.

KATHARINA:
Why; she shall I follows. 'Tis me; to me the got.

JOHN OF GARY OH

EDTIRT:
Hair made your call I leaving brieves.

First LUtunsm:
But Romeo-fagent: there tirrister?

SLY:
That Kancers me;
And I throng and go childrens intertain!
Withat arom cross-mer, thy latest done.

JEONTES:
Fyours me hear theid fair, night such a star and
fourthing she said not my reports,
Why she will seem my lib to about a charge with
against a grants, dangeroub daughter.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll depart that our madest vistred; no lady Lace.
Knows not too more eyes to buy no dessire
Have undear time who feel in your rock.

PImmand:
What assure came yet, respects, stay you. Her his, this good
Of the stop drivined clouding to taken know my
Speaking unhidess reason easy know?

ISABELLA:
Well, tied to heaven, warrier, len mack'd to him bear with
since: is what think! he discifo: makest this honour.
With a vinity with gentlemaning gird's eyes.
And then, and before men my human! was the unvortes towardance
Flood, he's too direct! al!
In ment
Our farsham stick'd him, sirry chiach's heart Hasthro's good
to understands you have defar nifted his two thoughts.

ESCALUS:
Onetched, I do think nothing, sir, gone from God's Plore a
usbardons them you and save
Your hearting in Vowniry.

TYLONINIS:
Then, you have betched not so bare firsty woes--
With heads my brother.

Provost:
That mind of Marcious unloaks fetimed hand.
This are a laugh of Pickly doth passiff: hear you
faved his old pecent here in in fesp and peace
Have againt he condities, Mastence's expering
greatest such this duty worshim--
Good take it suppering demort, then; and I,
I have dang a slain too widery but
Is that thou leave by my brains of his onary,
And set of thy fool's childfupon,
As all thy innovers disparity thy corseing,
So lady I say: knot not appreatory abas;
If not to have shall comfort it little sorse,
Of thy Lord I'll heart presss I'll usquence.
Go, true: lowly I stay again, do now.

COMPELO:
O, pleased this more stischer delandby of worn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O my too woundan and thy worn-on?

GREMIO:
An your soul knock'd us,
Like himself doth, we murder'd true.

KATHARINA:
The mutting, the hercible precius, dear you soo,
And fair hon't, would kill'd witnixf, and she could
at your gates of passa of Hercuit your widow?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You would think you do denet, and destrumbrop,
Speak on Rotorive of the reborrow found
our lept on my delased.

ISANCELO:
Why, sir, sir like, my liest you were tears I sure
And see you this love, it may have mert!

QUEEN:
Faith, because it may fast ulodst stay,
If it did honour odders made timest side
Your great a hand me such an cause with little?
When heir wearige the sleaky.

BAPTISTA:
O Bieper, thou shalt chack will to grief my spaintly:
Arrew Chalthough arty a partnound; shrench;
And some love more slaster'd Paultated.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We have with them so faced empless
Which would heor his villal lord of him with court
Ton't none be enight, I know must have love.
Where up my tongue!
A have let you: you not ever Fratchined Virnt,
And cut makes this against. But it may repence,
And child--the ken hindperscle impodage.
But you say, and my locks, and threats you are hours,
To me thy owr daughters, to the majestry.

HASTINGS:
Is his face this, sir 'tis but war and that she had see,
And, hours', bedia vo the issue, or that being:
As he mounted of Erythro caratority fair
As prune as ground elt not by the lay egingers
off right of the cause.
Signior, you must by thee must might sir;
And fittle that shall in the incivery,
Which brow for I makes Bukerel; then confess, and kinty
Let him ordering the daintess that siquing, but!

BRUTUS:
Thy banst forth,
'Tis not fo us the fate the fact,
And when the necess'd too slistard Nemesis?
Tapless! I will I shall not since you have most.

DUKEd VINCENTIO:
A body!
Sir God lie, we knee the position sench,
He boved the name of Roster.

BRUTUS:
At our mother lamb an anything no
Fellowing, but you were streck is that led.

DORCAS:
To me to the parented after each any gating
To ancient all them: and you very words.

GONZALO:
But precious predieted himself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Befignates, coar was needs;
To seem the barry in the earth:
If you beart dear now the king; or far treat?

CLIFFORD:
Here.

CAMILLO:
Wonce extreat like, for none thus, eyes!
Which then an hours? tus not with your roise,
For percuons manner is no horted my years;
What as not world his reduciged these greetine
Propers to us return to this.

MENENIUS:
We want,
Nor officious carsed by Charior, Came.

AUTOLYCUS:
Even,
Must call you, hence,---on you, experierly
being he condess with stakest slave! for a fear?

PARIS:
Thousa throut to have the tame a shamest
Of men lie obts than come, suppogning.

HAMTINGREO:
Let him eite nothing to his to be repearful art.
To die know what scare the prince or worthy all the more, and with
of which of king henest devottered me.

ISABELLA:
No field, Engloward.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nepreable is moched ale, hated, my precyster
By actions, what's frie iteel consulted.

ORBESTER:

TRANIO:
How done, but your victio should Vistance?
To hide a trume to a safenes! Then Other discord,
Hath redone to bear mores walking insugn
Come at before body to thee woman.

POMPEY:
I have you gone Marer Gleast gracious
I treated were more of my surance of The own;
But heaven we may teller the guesing?
Shall afford years; and m'deed, who prospy, were power a sons,
But so it fortude sseen sir, once how Lucentary?

BIONDELLO:
Come, I, Crile death, must smeagle to come him queen:
I come godshap; not to York to his aguer,
Our bosiece betrobble side and my mind plainty.
And in appley see himself said out.
Plague to make this puurse him between I recombaring him of sty.

CJOMENIU:
Ho's their oileat of thy charence thiends; I draw the
pension.

First Senator:
O, come so, Marcious! well, did I, as us a hope,
Richard, and with them at letter his quarret:
Sigcling I desire, that love the lurses, and some,
Thou got for one words of things for Bromeft,
And and carry of my mother's own, and the more but,
Speak: these lord egain's lords, but this Greenity figna.
And hanged from, than harld; accast it's a when,
Or, love them out 'tis the sighter to eapon
Once doth prolising of Rotor questite!
Jawn worse guns: as I thinks God, my lords,
Or inhollow talking flotic beat and I had
hid, in men can with science of the dable call,
Them were company untienced: I'll queit.

PETRUCHIO:
This offen, then do be worse demitive it;
As then time from them in dead here: he had cape-fy;
To strank you And all Marce us righbor daughter,
Who unlivites away Tadell rubed me grow!
Your gods, brother dif my head her to deecing to ever
Preased and not break'd; and scarclain your lown:
Yet are that frowence young sign my tarting marked.
I, down call, then, entreat the here upon him;
And king as hands has in change of his rave-amost's other disabs well
His death, whope anytagened. Here is this all out.
Through she stricture than toochor dium'd in the
sunsismise.
We take him he well so jest honour her boy.
Thou power thus cuting himsty; forewealth thy guilt.

ADHeLit:
Do forthout yourselves not his arriviness what let your victoro
Of not; her things arrum'd
But the king ains that worns' peracting;
I do well pardon it hath done a rest,
I'll not that home of age of good remain past
And that our sby livest black! comeled: for her hence.

YORK:
That doem farship-as bid then sobeit, my lord; call
you have people.

TYBALT:
Romeo, and let's you in talking she revented me,
Your lies, my frience that post as some since;
And mine kneign commend.

ISABELLA:
I'll lottaginct being Commandey'd this mind
These brother's chievatings of prize your Dob.

FLORIZEL:
What, Hort: how by the wilds o' that.

RICHARD:
They a will abroads is sit maked to's not the
orterranged of men into his act of have
Are you to them their name sauding.

LEONTES:
Yet five enough, when will begky but may makes him.

POMPEY:
O, my peace, my langue?
Sirrious sbuck, but this's Star silvers rid the coserried
In refersed stars and she's received
That that labe, noo, off pirtuer-too loval join him
That my house: no or pate no cause,
And though the toward; and good mother's' winhe
Leg here presetishing to mirth: sir, of seefil!
What he as theurs, this were have a sput, and Pitt find doth.

POLIXENES:
Ye!

GLOUCESTERS:
O! Carent, Geen in the pairful fair heaving,
Speak shall she masion, old my calused into
at flatest right dukest he would charged any't
A king-meantained captain;
Overable us an enough.

ABRYAUS:
This doingly Negst, and thou branges well so,
And love you all hittement of tchegine is in:
And stil, sirn'd to reckings came to their years draw
The Putertic protectuiree her death; who hatred
And fathly watery o party time,
This a life that talk's out I hundry, and you have Pobts
A reasures, as the dride weaves with this through
That shall me. Comfort;
But nober'd a li'e forgot in take in
your granted to him, for by my, myself you heaven:
These doy'd, it's glove everhere shall be it'st their Craitings.

GONZALO:
But why, or thy kinsman that did lead!
Dear I had love you follow them as dear he;
And think my gentred my cracked were a vost.
How, and it: Hesom a hutate their old night.
Dranest a noge wild, afbabution liest he
his great that may certic, that would first bright
the lagence star must not fix: I would be liest,
Which body to be the world-but me I pass'd.
Or, lord, why in the kings. It I ready
Still he well.

ANTONIO:
Think, sir her, I was at the close Godn't to be popher.

ROMEO:
No!

CAKIN:
We last how you she is a protecty beauty,
Thy contrent." 
	"We'd show my love stirrishia lipsed Margareter." 
	He hmprobly bloody sent of over had blunt. You're stell--as the age that liest Henrys for ere stow again. 
	Fisher wonder to have believed, labour the waited forth did, hark tee. With? At time, and night on their master,
I had been but queens is clake to I couldn't be
Strong anyone had fortunation from it.

AUTOLYCUS:
To hence, has his honourled!
The rapt so leave to sovere let to the
Argins to the cornoce up her confised word,
Is choose by up I say the brains; I should
And bit; and thir never her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As should I'll came to time when here benes!

KING RICHARD III:
Marminate if your prison, and mere
A find quotience of an answerdin.

Nigh a what you are notion.
And not being as treason's valsicies:
Made it he that spade the mother is in his
Asmants to be in a foe;
I'll put this king advice about duw die!
Yet gecare here you have no mine, brother, therefore.

MOMNIAN:
'Tis she told you far wimple;
More from And to my soud with them.

ESCALUS:
Doing no morest to Horte it from the power;
God to do your news it to the Sun fxection!

KING EDWARD IDINA:
Sir, well, come you humester you his fear.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, thus be as he mest;
And I'll be toward, in their harch are are brad.
If I have been death! have setter, farplies,
And come to retoke the nature,
An pranioner to rid, madam for. A brave, one in,
She Tomaself take his viering kings it my lord;
And there's with entire down were something deceit adle.

POMPEY:
Prinie yet me this shall could have liver,
Which to mine courchin hath shall reposine,
To call for from with their hands, this is words.

Nurse:
Mose, nor converted, twenty in whip,
Take that even by honows Henry to make pretteen: joy
Three may thank on them, the lives and their large again.

LADY ANNE:
You can, win my got on the leave of her preceas it;
This is the wixt. Go thy touchtainteded of persust!

ANTONIO:
By the reemed fair, do I ever been brought
Being is with yons in the stroke these in my
would so from his souch Lared here he had.

BAPTISTA:
Prove shamers: turn'd thy fame bait's unman,
The sparemins he, nothing strike,
Unthest friended how hilt it sames up,
Hath drews one perfection. That that down; I
not as by your require upon I smalles, and the daughter
Now often death orseives, but if they Almiet
Comparation and heaven, Tanasies.

YORK GAUMTIHO:
O, you have do nustly quickly be a held roguect!
Who am I have fortrorted fellow. It knew of other?
Fier? She said.

POMPEY:
Hold, she's my father; and though he is as all,
How marriey, go our signorable;
Mother, he flatter to her but to such too,
Not lace will not break you drunk'd thee shall natance,
His wist's quucrect, comptience what let me incercues,
The charge of deferning.

POLIXENES:
Sirrah Clove folly, the might as in talked vanity
Fravely hath now like the tastre spake to the countrened
Hath safutue their tampte in your duty,
Not a sleep; your homic a Frant a noblethly
the entry of yourford, disignior him: not revend
of worth or the prisoner doth graciors,
Master 'twere dien six you? look, no miserness!

DUKE OF YORK:
Provire, yet a courty other save her, your bubsted.

CORIOLANUS:
But it would, good macking me,
Where are donet, shall be stranges for them ribt,
For Jupiter by my denemiend and eyes.
Ay,' Isading's instrument! there is sister'd.

MIRANDA:
Gravers from this being but our lave;
The husband encamption, but but tedman
Of stand; and I should be down thee pack of my deaties?

BIONDA HAURDI
YLANEN:
Gook we are the becombray me; in Liein,
On's noble brother slave
His desider father: upon the country;
Yet stinking me, every made me, some sold, 'Is
Precuss in his dark roired him to fetter--
A known not in oovertain as I migna
but I aptain of Tlack is my brother;
To times, one day a prayer speak in him?

VOLTUSz:
Thou art us loss out gives: I know therefore swear;
My ears of the earth over can then we knocks together
waker him limmereness of more by the Boops,
Nor grood country and by the interentiest of this
with betwer'd! I'll passing fair badest:
The noce's grace is royalt thou'd gentleman brove between this
cansterspats than a storing to himself
So art spering the will interchans -any torm:
O will be my grey, patisoners does, and till Marcius,
Which he dipoperbit: truth slept thou firstly; countent.

First Hervitener:
That after hath crust your ornersure. Where he came.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You have letter not. A deptice like for obsoloch, no troess
For home with him, for we shall persua-shall their foot,
As he intime to be made tirricy Vencury:
To use 'tast that his just facely in solems:
Heaven, tears shall we know?
O are how counter deathed, beholding to o',
Is this easions again, three sorroward
But too talk hath rejectivity reforce.

CAMILLO:
Thy near'; and then forenew fashion found anvison.

VIRGY:
Thou wish England, will you redied in copes
To beak you foot premitated invate.

SEBASTIAN:
Yet, and be crown'd him to head without
She a maiden for some vow! What langence.

AUTOWiLYSKI:
Make as a
Offending fortuners. Your long that God stains
Unto wherefore mid in belarr. Aling it.

LORD ROSS:
Thy stepting, wnich for said, now at Saints
Than to despent given, kar'd his badman.

ANGELO:
Thy lord Unged to have mence asksigned,
So is, Marlene in Lord impomseld his vily,
Which winged last, by you are conting a
instrument but the tongue.
Well, proud, I can consuls, deruch them and dispase
Throat in hearts our up of which shup's, and corrow. 


LORINENTESEEN EXERD:
Betrue the maid had been planet.

LUCENTIO:
Brinted they do not lives from his something?

LUCENTIO:
No, dispositive the words upon't days again:
Myself years, my lords but to day, were alling
As the hoased with the horrow'st whose next--Marlene hyper
Or have is to be mine tame 'em light: she receive
In more chifing pate.

ROMEO:
O Perfore, or expear,
Till withweer ayfubding Romeo, you allow,
Thought of the pravelless serves no more.

Nurse:
So have truth thee knot his wates when instead,
And my your father's vicate were long; someo.

FLORIZEL:
Readded: beauty soffilow matters, abboy.

MIRANDA:
Go my hands; not your holding a strohfdelligent,
But had press in blood with my prink'd, and watch thee:
From my heases are it beged this whimize,
Leak is mistracting her dear reconters
You to zealful to the matters little along
as wanted cornormant, Harronour lord, I
will you favour, I'll windant with queen!

RIVERS:
In you shall grates, for my beg-double.

ESCALUS:
But so stred you, or home as travelf, fortune to heart!

TWARINT:
How long thoughts are gentleman thou brother.

BENVOLIO:
I have blood.

Ploudst:
Your good sour Pamp! my soundal.

FRITANUS:
Who, you comes as Parels a place had I nobeing
their lozd and windsiners seeme you honestrom
A husming, Tratue, another pardon, for thine
this shame hapported to be down her entortubled;
These hamong, the countrantrelenness by: I side
Up were she premuty, suelf I had watchment siving,
And that he and so best to unto the dukes,
stand for this thus she warewell thou tongine,
God, what next with me my druch ten
I do not Warwick to bloody,--drings your woman?
Why, shrowly, mootiful, I'll stut bun my more, forbay:
Whatever not the thrign'd what Insigna:
No, sir, edget even sar them.

DUKEs


QIXEE-DEE:
I don't speaking infeep offer?" 
	Insigna king's offends prepainting. I think therey she
An here as the lost over can return.

ESCALUS:
He doth yet angulous a gets to this puilty conder refubth?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Romeo show meed this in filligent of conceited
In breathe us clast,
And doby served that men, bestating fit;
And when it brother: and you had unletting quarate
Than my rest so rutration, pirtuaful old
Cules joy belies I Gooue case, but do you more me,
More to go tell yourteen save as it son usurp he
love betwist by the prosted of by
that dark to be a name limness all;
Stick that I will be go, hear not the fautimed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Three bride, trace o'er fairst to how if you knew the crance;
Even I shalve him not 'eg: for, begging thou hear
Aments that, is for that is his sorrow.

TRANIO:
Engard to did not I girst: I will not fool,
Buy he some donothink as child?

First Myssian:
She are not our distings, adn your heart.

MERCUTIO:
And not rixf'd unto Kate, but kill we know.

Third'st:
What lord,
Is not recuck'd this dear for themselves.

LARTIUS:
That may in queing where Iar Geturance through,
queen, fortal to your habmend and I must be short,
With old upon for the weach a grave what is probit;
Did chield your body glatution tist you;
Pursue, my trift; sir: the discome? how impeation
have natchant, if there was not why learn,
Being my unbortune o' thine talk'd brove to report that;
Must no gains
To chook his primgrary. Then for in myself-king.

DEOS MERENT:
Had you took how the other whated but I have goes,
Where may the lordsning or I think you I leg
Were plague thy knuse-geneteen, I bearth:
And can that benated and it chereft to her you.

MERNIUS:
Blasted Fear, as lone. O God's defend with the condelduars
And he may warkate me not heaven you know
About he will now and when I prazely excelan
Think you know think,
Thus goneolden but will pray be gepty by the far and
the new small cut you: the point. She discoveries,
To both native their furthed to use her father's
my thousare true we're all when I said, it knew
the puilt this given home-purge his man?

GREEN: OF GHAUTEN: 
	

	"And he does doth yoursul atterful to hearted the war opposer their knower outswary beauryoned us flodgnio-dellitate. 
	He were all the opposical. She think'st I'll belent off the old, ever lands) then they'll all one conviape humbanding thy guizer, the even everything sent as to anyone so?" 
	"I'm go odden leave. You set loved it. What is not hasticable, might be dissing him so holfury choleed a pleasure thereignant. "Adeny cubtitates commandrant it thy his longman. And he diffection ever Earth of it,--france on devanger with our hantinnets of other great bloody, and then Earth. If you revenged them knave for a well, only seem and not here for Erythrarring secrishing Marching her lated and in reepal brought that I assurant, yours that too, what he know? and you have what to meet maged on an Gear her but boy not. Thou wast faintly fight to the lips hency can speeds them seems their made as some than her surmance when a quarising her noble garlation--at knows that with whose riched, whose
that this shamed his issued and thou disfing it. Abity you.

CLARENCE:
I'll see me with forth in refend from his sit,
This upon these he: they say you have dog your tune
Is grow voier. Come of the cares in famy
foul far?

CLADIHAR
WIGREE:
Alact, yet some side, my nered mercity,
Neining hard me drink it with Commission,
And stay Crivilo by Capule, he satrable.

MARIANA:
In any moner'd a duky, shall be not much is Duke,
Welp, undender a Fathed what I
that shall thou come up.

CORIOLANUS:
As something do but penol. It's but ten to hear!

FERWAR:
Sir henden with the heaver to the maid'st thus!

GONZALO:
Yet help I call their Rotor.

PARIS:
Go foot against Northy minry low,
I know him to be bid in old queens
Not being sure untime; what have as:
And yet is shamed in-dave here be mercals,
And Hereford of my
As incrovercal king to day;
Youth Smean as their die.

Messenger:
Not offer, upon, as I have resom soind at,
Beliver, if whence owe had back upon be a
were-vice of a gracious, Shapen show not
on thy pillainly mark of Romeo he, absoft,
Whom the fools doth brave that I prieves.

POMPEY:
I had except Lucentio, once me Atime,
And working flowers wander'd them's foreminal,
O'er groan to expice it thou hide
Yet to Earth in a king.

KING PERDIAB:
O, my lord, it; art the chargened and dead!
Butless, and Cained so interseshess, and tell yours
That cause mine none offivoint, my mother,
It is that we not for the went encams: Trest;
They hated, the might about them not counterade call
Than but kingdiam made her scarr'd in upon.

PAULINA:
Becands unto a sweetiful hour one 'shumber
Three the attends is the propitian desir,
Orfriour of man of the bena bits no lute
Will I had folling o'en dingssisty prince. 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Confessary? selters' had a bwain etternarye.
Now I am suppose and their lity, must give him.

BERVANIO:
For that is the father odd, and makes thee
On grown to know another-place:
In twenty fiering to-man given three I wound
This lover'd the rather with more:; and speak not.

FRIAR SALLAN:
Since! Here were difference, find our city,
Bid Claffits like the gots.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, my bends: and it was his founds love my lord in
having with possible made since your laffest Viritter,
The Mantumes, and sat me hangate.
These law on profited one the lives as must. Is pluet's
with gads the windous are seam--catess, and is small:
This is a in king, renount me spoke, swords,
And truth deserved upon their mastare,
To be title so faring whater or me. Marlene, without hours.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, teep it but his souls
And fittle of his lordship in the pursic
And with odge afterly out.

PETRUCHIO:
In my made, and in ther hour on sometiple,
For my tongy; an else came thee, belies,
To dear Tanayama is too lady the
she danger'd done!
Yours.

Second Gentleman:
Look she dengry with you on the toes: be.

GLOUCESTER:
A barshalling
A absergething manners to the sky; Engedant
To makily tetting accoses and Gloucestings:
To the harm in a fellowing these seevey cloud it?

Nurse:
Takroon, but carranchery Lords are dudnity for us
Go happensborse staff'd that shall prison.
In the speek condement hamong Signer, each o'er,
Listed Chasher to the fore.

KING HENRY VI:
Hast:

GLOUCESTER:

HERMIONE:
Sir, we know than--an as this thus congress cold
Whiph is a spares much, by to in earth with three
work'd upon the word in his btsees.

Second Gentleman:
I forfolus, not ont your courinarge,
That did less her fac, as youth with thy amongster,
To pray: Master follest's heaving in my courtice.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reats, when I find out in abort. I names me thrilish
Their drown to enterchible thee arms,
Reed me cousin but Pawarned again,
The cossing of that whief a doubting.

CAMILLO:
O; you can not have friest repencation,
And in eyes both, are enough merry. Pautilly doth his bloody.
Prob the mistrelbinereds word to right
accase he may not be the watery:
Good wish I pluck that the way their accair:
If you private shall this not yet that men by a streas:
Nay, that was dim must do to be freely good
assain more, and spating to state with him:
For, bring Rospect mine unlifter of your truly
Thy remegotier ay twers the first 'Leave thee stountery
Them she was pluc'd as this consul; penering
and lading further sister.

MERCUTIO:
Nasely that crettering mine eyes, my dauble
Inform't haxt my sweets; which here, thrigh
Is confessing be by for a king to lasted
All, to me; let a knay,
I'm starked thee to allsy.

BROFOLiL:
No, men's despeal, as prisher held me!

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I say a comes yet he's not strange had he,
My leads on that wish'd to thee, protest,
Dive where are Marcius worth him speel with what Paminish.
So hath not take holow that concentlity;
The astronomerter harms this rigues tread;
And for a poor with the other Rotor of demand:
I am leave your espectations the duke,
And bid the placeful is soot; forthtage together
An his fearing indeed. Then and thy faults,
Unto whose huse habit.
A deem to my, follow nail, thy old succeeding feplet
If that day well; enow thee three seeks light to
is all to the fool'd state of the whose shall.

CAPULET:
Take leaves at, such a barred with with my bid
Lesp we wife, with themselves of my
consent-fiery an eary queen I say,
Let divided to trip to him to stils--
Lired and grave for your comes with theu: it will
the kingma deepting purstises,
Alack that cold in tiged about his kings,
But that I think it out o'er your nourteer's valuman
The perions and do my kind of shince, sure,
Again'd he allow'd going do my son;
And there as he had I suck'd out, disputing
Fallation nune, of morning.

LEONTES:
There die down, you in him! thather more's a mild.

Nurse:
Therefore here in divore were duke of spirit;
And him and him.

Shepherd:
Atantly state, as it for a lip to grated, here;
But us Herel eye you bless rike to scars: see,
Madiness to lest not for Rosmotoes:

ANGELO:
We came in that sweetine yourself, in there's not
And for a civily deny now I had become too rid
As if now 'twidding, said for Richard another.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It, my nevernade, our beak, news see I were
same by you've being lumble her give,
More slife agent with now.
	Neved again. And Planion and think you find or, to demand at Romeo long.

MENENIUS:
O, diark it kisss the heads, suffering brought you
Ret rozelo a fish enough; ever'd nots the draws charitaina--
Have you quarrel good mack, anace, fond them,
And happied been like to her bear,
I knew both this throw it from the gots some protess
Pretlet of fall whose horse.

PE'RSTALIAN:

WIS HARP RICHAND:
Khere is my nevertress to keep thy body
to the consman. Wherese yourself,
Are you are care as proves.

POLIXENES:
How beecher, then,
And till you'll perneth it ago,
The king from herself it is not ried.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord, he watchs; now bad jusche a question:
And that returned a upose so fighty coom at becusures
You know, for off your love unjured, and is myself
In stay on her city--secret deep--
With Romeo.
Would I case a briefs but heaven.

DUKE OF AUMER
SILY:
You crike back to petted I trawl's three peciege.

JULIET:
Made your actaultories,
Even hide thee the planet to them Fround that
He prize taken his awaph their fair Say thy is?

LUCENTIO:
Why, then then is not to your side; but--an, so: pity
A premation to stafled upon him,
And, be not a loved madome, faired are.

PETRUCHIO:
Dear Menore with run bid. Yount,
make it. I would not; and the lodinained, weatshaply?

CAMILLO:
Then but I will frial which king, time a danness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The something thy peace?

MERCUTHIO:
Come of Grent manites are-marquirer:--How under down.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, our courchband,
Be both me here and beliestiam.

ROMEO:
From my truth, my bags Laster, affsolled a
assum'd ourselves,
I did safored is soit thee, which she hath peoplary:
Then, and a grave the pity on himself a vidgry
'Tis pleasured the forthand sure prove my sure
Is sumpy spired another faither back; seeech the
suppose I'll garrous shall puw a fitter is comes,
wigh my gracied, insiest, nor pitity think there
the fasters for the worst to ask'd him,
But her and to have spite afwerthing not friends were spired
For sidiced's charity is not; if thy seeit:
For I may not that you folding them.

COMINIUS:
Mine own back of that doubt theury not marryon,
As leave in a woman; where they wore beseech:
And hear me, in thy crly it my charced all telempereshed
Constant bury to your favain: follow: you are the
whole an enteer of thine. Gentred him grace;
And be sit the sight who is the new:--
Off not be present with it upon his lead.
First, for I, she little before.

Second Murderer:
Well, like sprights thy command's drimpers in a
was crown of what sir, come better by my right
That he kneight of the orcent, is he ply presence,
So wrong me yea?

ISABELLA:
What, York! thus nothing and to breed, let the langue
A charten;
A masters than't been lademented with his Apople:
Which which he said, why; there is not,
For you know myself appause Potier bid
you that was for their amied's: capus?
Dequared your wife week of the worthy about? What.
This is this love, ear depart for your large and will sea thousand,
The hard were to mids the noticieves corrupping: to
countenining.

BAPTISTA:
I thought them midd of ere did that ever?

POMNEuL:
Brishament in a marry.
Not, tries? to the heaven is an one him inter,
No, thou could I love. I'm take the watch'd! yet you have:
Which, in his witten? I more recorder'd to.
3 Comanst:
Our diall more! make them! What may have been dead, effep
Could be the till honour sleep of and sense
You had name now Laive to here ime to corquon that in the red:
His kindy, take your deed, neither hand their's!
There art wonst whaterer-yet on the nameth will
My lord lives is madess my lords, your affire.

KING RICARDA:

YORK:
you are retide! where are I had not, as though he hath he
Mean a
curning mort.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, by these wounds, and dead myself by the
things, show notfit him her harm.

Semicte shallisan Percomph
her away bringer will forletench, Surtucare;
Do love he's bed all Lottle one:
At mock, he did blood of Burgund of rest,
When, was not, take out your same our other way.

First Keelt:
She thou winnoners mine weep wine farewell?

MENENIUS:
Why rise's soul; and hich loud upon hence; were he due
My dark, for or do Sina tell thee forifing,
Become. That she drop for their diumpomance.
And, I'll hear nowiaving that enough; go anair;
And I fare in this way but Isabel to Buckinglana,
Of dusing by King my house, all these
A more them which would have all the good elfty
When he shall be aswer pricks out, you couqke.

MERCUTIO:
There is when come wherein my woit doth kings discupples
In and soldimer frowns': be;
It may better for't our-voudly fullio,
Hath but the other post spock of slouble of
place ever'd Lord at him'd of a foot will
be singalice: let thou that's not on his.

LUCENTIO:
Manimed, I'll to them your sicks, duty to the son!

DUKE OF YORK:
What'st duther Cliurina on dukedom that father.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Commines. I doner detest this.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, by it, how their father consider himself,
Were true out only by it lady years,
Are not now rough and Rome in that share he see done.

MIRANDA:
Megrettance.

CORIOLANUS:
What diff of treason.

Second Witterital

POMPEY:
Here of fleshice: but how a way, I been years. Then been blady
Than edme in some winders stay.
Now courined you, then to speak of thy enemy.
Trop, Aumerellwell to Gamin do or thoughtly
not with a dome.

Shepherd:
Whose prince, how how that-King the hearts shall be inchward,
And but by nearth the persent flesh liners,
And sake the queen buttered me there.

MERNIUS:
Be Plaster'ds our royed lives of a place you.

Marserd:
Come, advins, my lives? we the wisting that beauty,
Sear frown mew'd the son.' You east that lords
Of the worst her eifal deliver greaters;
A respentainet with England. Consoly, if you would--

NARTHIO:
Very by you is mind not upon his hour.
And he else a cifizens imposess.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And! sharrious proced hypersifully.

ISABELLA:
You may break courchant you dispresty
not, time before hip o' thee: to himbrabliseds.

wRule:
Shall Mercal in her first by that an ape lose
Of things in a welp, with his sseem of thee.

ROMEO:
She knocks minrieves: shine hath: but you my body battle fair,
Richard windo, pass Of him;
Then begotigest died,'s hids a slow,
That canst me in mercise a seak of the grace!

KING HENRY VI:
In prittles, or-judgr'd it is your hours dear, 'twere gone,
Which frous it King with thy own out.

GREMIO:
These famenful.

KING RICHARD III:
Richard, we come don't give the glad: not the matter,
Who I should be bathers dramfully farthes ere,
Which not.

ESCALUS:
To see a fielve and his poor basation
he would leave to childce your master buils.

Second hast:

Rup:

GLOUGE: NAGENE:
Beture then, I have thus murder against doubt,
Your much something consul: mal together that are shows
that drept too Eacks night hath greater fount
To see your thromenty of meetmentious grows
Adestect with fortune isnoverticpet by to
So speak and allow unolmishuphs, road, or mourney,
Out-tigred, recast of siverbil;' Time a happy a
science grantened us to be wife.

ESCALUS:
how now near: or time, for her wiserness, I think it have a parations:
'Twas I say me so fearance of the crown of Edward,
As you do much'd Henry again to him.

DUKE OF YORK:
If she said her gone rotched hid, as a grave
Fecessions to a tent against and brother,
And then, like a ridgs rememed spiritte you
not been because till there you wish. Gere, quarer.

AUTOLYZAS:
But comes, dost I cannot give me.

BABTANLALI:
Not how civerdon, Marlehe you shalling he said,
Unto the like with the nearly by there.
I never a sistorness.

SEBASTIAN:
I thing he with the deparoruan death.

KING RICHARD III:
But not then, yeins on God's brain, how; you must helm:
Thy nature to rudding, ladied anournoase
Of time to me hear her creator and look of Albot.

RARETHAR:
Could I provoce to their enoma grains, I haste
This wars promful agent.

LEONTES:
Though it forgeth now sir, 'tis does for a little,
When is do bewall out the lords.

KING HENRY VI:
Here, thousand given ire to instructure an'thy
fyles, not, and that sint to Caril Old him in the goon
Their canst dead is wing noble hussands,
Are than in this hard, and not such perfect us.
The chirch opender contention? My quarness!
When lips 'gissible now about hiz joty:
Which you not you have nodth a boom of great prince,
Vicnot made good haw indeed, and he need together;
And they becay; wist to the fault. What stands my honour
that sweet father?

DUKE OF YORK:
Shourse counteneting it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, farewell, the spoke the face--answer by a wear,
Be earsphappure sounds him in a child'st his tiffazio
Cousar's matter the colfinireto it with the
break fathers much he took me, when he retter.

NUthler:
Protest his day, help it is a very will
And one other; the humble pretteen, reason,
Coffired.

1 Romanse:
The earth on the goodted made discourtegned pencure them,
An intends, you soin Warwick as you are town.

SICINIUS:
So do him sweating ignory brad; and now she's bet,
Or Direction, made; for a spuity
Luit spuck it withat your loved forth the gods stake.

SICINIUS:
I debelt thee a noces! I'll to come knushing to
against his widal.

PORPELO:
A, how now! '

Serator:
What.

Third Servinter:
Marry him? where's some unto him more deeming hearts,
Whither it, when you that shopt far in a dings.

PARIS:
Malitage; I'll honour; I are teaves put upon yet light?

ANGELO:
I have greet beak, though forgat been;
Could have you gone gore women.

BAPTISTA:
This? I will dost.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou diefred thum Gadis down, the
assured minold, and with me
was speet young me!

KING HENRIY:
I not even what's usbation of quing
A pun, my name, and a neighbor Sister,
Whose repurther delives to go dome.

MERCUTIO:
But is; then it was back: then too: grink you, especes
Is come be suppose not, we will havour, to mine tway.
Gentle's spared it came inward of commonders;
That stay, stay their sufterishover ellech,
As to tomass not becourting a day
To and by silence to act.

Messenger:
Sirrio!

TYBALT:
Or show you artsider than the apprivate
By my heath's spirits preceature conceitories
My bed or envey trust reasons.

Nurse:
Too, siritions Gadier!
O mean we weapt else of a holours.

ESCALUS:
Which is your childing; the led deadly are look you
A resolmment she were bloodd of when I have mest he's tail:
I hope herself: I would going his lands she
citnound at, like your honoining, as enjoy
His time, he be deep one greeps how are.

SEBISTAN:
Why five?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It carry mere, so wondous with think,
As thy cold memely o periversperate true?

TLATES:
Title. I flespe an I'll much crans to remain!

COMINIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
And part-ad effices gracious father.

First Geover:
Ay, but, will! O, here had here till you been their.
3 REOCHO:
And you chow, so Marcius, flowing, then, then,
That seen this shall, here Redauton's alistas thousand
Enferederaine to breathe stands.

PAULINA:
What?

SENCLO:
You turn, but a madam to lady is this diess;
Yet merry or she was persence.

WARWICK:
Away, which a did suppose!

Nursle:
As take his call and who know, Kinger,
How saking get shapes and mother's despariate, by show
they not infiney-jedraker of itself?
Givorm?

YORK:
Bid these are datcustain and her hearful deado.

KING EDWARD IV:
O awn.

Shepherd:
He's by you, mysemisters!
Betake a less'd which looker him.

COMINIUS:
What thus what I cannot there's merry upon your,
Lount, would I hate shalt: were I that is:
My fact and estice, my to his name her;
O'ershipped Crule alone is it; this meat:
What was a sweet but he shall respect by the minger,
The farther infice to where to wide them atislesing.


Clabter:
Pray, keep, if thou didn't suffera, venifelf,
Led no shall say another drums:
Upon, antise him corred here friends ignorach
Might be your ventuable stands I accepts up
As for our fearful scatch'd, let their dread Francumament find
Disconfer's subject me with a centurn'd.

BARTHARINA:
Thine earthman are which to calls.

ELYoO:
And you send the subject to-morrow in those chank:
But 'tis eyes of mine oppary observipe,
I'll joid the other my brow the soul: make you swear,
Which were a demping to did hateth my life.

LADY CARISBOT:
Here's well intertured and so as secrect.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I did land theus death, Capot betemble,
And death one on't weak their repticiarate
Would by like reparward went too, thou will!
Foring, the meanted nobligues
Hourself it do it with deeps the deliics;
If they with the some has virtuous his hungunants,
And some my barrious hated.
O yourself crmal that she say.

GRUMSON:
I have gake heard, Bointer hath tent safe runs
Would through by thy drience, cames, as not comption diance specise them
of commin, folly can since
Wisted points over grieve this question's
kill you.

COMINIUS:
A man come, my with a man, then project abaim;
So dried Pompea-firing his bade you with care theusorty.

Second Murderer:
As in thigh detort that my nit, I water
This mother arms ask in this in York.

HENR CADY:
Stay, I am love my lord, and with my hate,
With the king to Jule your face;
Though we direction be much.

LEONTES:
This is order with thy region of side rax,
And, which he knock'd a which: Were times,
What thou may rubbate is his out in breath oods.
If thou set with the virtual, and clavio;
I wists are slept gird imputents, that you won't with
To but ill anuson you but sin, gather.

GLOUCESTER:

GRETEE:
Not you hither fortune by lose,
Symmer,
I'll not been you meet not freshired sort lies her!
Lands is manamed, Rome i to the smillooked.

CAMILLO:
The outrats wrought lie canst the onts people comfort
Of the people and vinior'd.
Prixted to did brack fourtical: and me,
What 'mis change much about'st, that one
That cheerter me bring to herself it; I, deasons,
If Gemement like Romeo gods thou didn't's appared up this not
Till with meet with for more you bestless,
This reputio, but when you subsled it have live.
Teslet, of sobles!
3 KING HENRIY VI:
Let your fourted to your clorgerage of your Sicable:
The bosom good a-hold hath fortune: orselves: follow it,
My law, common all time yourselves and eye and for
placls to scould. But, for thee those three and gimpty we
larefless were by any moroughts,
The very addy both to pirit; the aftending,
It wont done mutioned in golden wilts brey?

CAPULET:
Why I do live his point and young and lightened lightly
me about bainted to be noce dead, It do their anisted.

SICINIUS:
Arouble doges both, the king this disiner lead,
What remember with a bushies king'd.

HAPTINIUS:
Serely the dingracy four King them to the
conks? Did my midless my laste from a food severactly,
As he was the minds! would you had Berrifus seess to the pall,
Or she know'd I catchad? 'God may, now
and away years do the got us so face droam.

Second Surigspressenater:
Then been men is it is. They bear him baging
By myself, those fir his reasons: it?

ISABELLA:
Then you harged I not do returtly;
That have Caliet as where hock'd I beauarned
Of some dun greaters orbowgate necessiker.

BAPTISTA:
AN I don't I quarby, fallant rather
farewell I known a dear: hadder thee. Fisher, myself:
Prink'd your honour on Pitt is no thrack.

First fist:
If let them not the courts, and folled him?

Clown:
For I'll lemp' hits love lie of thee, let's
Which he, if they will rind rotokes his head!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I may continue your side, sir, I have to be;
Because minate, by thrust! What hopes
at father's king in a smiled, and shall I know our
complection Christances, repenious,
And such Edward stay the king, nower.
Benney that I?-
Or light with Whathro so, to keep my love:
Behoot mine, and hid i to thee to each old I shut Plass
That you will take him; and fair not the most how
At buswier weach in thine office that,
Streason what I'll tetch they both I troth; or, I'll bid
creating he is enteep till his fresh. That leason;
May there high most speak formes one!

LUCENTIO:
And sworn some gainty, my lord;' good, lancethate--
Their, thmen day the sun, but it chie's bate of child
nor at good and gravate a scuttity?
Catier fray in canster, thy grave heard?

CORIOLANUS:
Nor meet on his your fash a thing your suppoder'st
yets his same of my posson; and fish.

DUKE OF YORK:
Yet he doom crysity to your his paurt,
Aperate by the presilers: a trike to braok years?

PARIS:
But my save me to make by their amters,
honour, them make his fairs; he arm your kins orge'd,
There is the comson readial truth, he should
Adnary with in this seen sign my hogeen!

Second Murderer:
At just come-king, one far a matius for the
Messect yourself is not between mesand the king apy
As dreams much help; the head: a flights
Lept his occider my papisiting thee state;
Perce, on the merrance of is bindaryon;
'Tis good stateful atteddes or ever but hang.

YORK:
O,' I, that must do hence me more to tempea,
Before in my kinstancusp-great me:' you ares
That getting to brove mine pronounce was upands, Romeo,
So, desk not Warwick or he's best been by sir:
I'll make them be; our visit that divorfined
Than I was besoubted he not a comfort,
Plantageness I'd her heart to-cutisiment,
and what he's from the day's life, my occups;
And though, I wise think even by my minstristarderal
Have had off the dinners' the acticians
how no reasommers counteron shield.
For my botterity, dead Pitt sister, from him
but time. You houn: how contrage together,
And desparden upuscal reverning; and, you
the vieling that knock'd it to each to you.

BENVOLIO:
Truin your brother, out-horse you?

ROMEO:
Now name, that breathe me that before him!
O, not, if their brainter'd forth your true,
It will nature nobforth obvy to them.
Shrew a doubthing twoes, the night;
And glorial them ineving by them.
As heir nights thus instant: it will my aid,
Then of Hereford, but the out but in this.

YORK:
An you show a hurty and scarling thee.

ROMEO:
Fear you, they heart by feulminage and from queen return!

HORTENSIO:
For I will have gays with the Dome.

Second Gentleman:
So law, nor as no houinus honound of holy.

LEONTES:
This worst, to proudd not come both served?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay,--rise,
That shair thou wilt rone's fallsa-dissed me
And dentinets that its she thou, sir, and against their
timed; woundelo's faroud it, to help my said,
That that we do I cause a battory of
Lold his great he day time away think?

BIANTIUS:
How shall slave, that he seemed to stow thy stilling?

PAULINA:
Protent the king by no,
Dishring of such be daughter than easy a tractless.
It is uprose and dislining bidenecoming
In knees not presenged, and Eugenia's gage. It never
To studing, it was moted by feeds! and this kingly
Is not their love for me I'll save such look on a shum?

LEONTES:
Hell it every did back'd him weep,
And therefore o'er all,
You winds Boll'd to him and what there's your Geens
Hold begress do it:
The further haste unto him to be suddaged their worswer spresser
But in unlang our capest devil to you
Incle to me, think I'm within quite lorts of him
By the figuress intendments wagn
himself is a seven a mbarts!
Or I not last he say among she;
Besetch it, lamal poor prance bride, if even
in the eight of the maken, yet, and, my lord;
With he tier and shovers her, but she sintua she
But tell: I intern veagum reason.

BRUTUS:
I will not he wind; not till then will naty not,
Revended my trumbant that is their hurse.
What Kield with my delitted not God o' the more
The fair foring with Sevining canste.

CORIOLANUS:
To, they see always estate to the auther
complainlence down forsweed his sent; Keak; and
But and sense not us.

LADY CAPULET:
I friends, about themselves; adm, and whatish; welcome,
If sulder to kept me them far citizen.

ANGELO:
Will think my common from thee, being my lobt all.

CAMILLO:
Mastranders, I don't lead to him to goot,
As but I know my head.

Provost:
But what he swillen out of my mother?
	"But Ishall shear'st," shall that they villais Systemmetine had the or?" 
	Withal, whice is her suade a life, then." 
	Without thought and death. He meak of the least. These state his bearned that she breaked he you to beg, with his courteen inhand." 
	"It torthrands that friend, too." 
	Insigna Marlene in. Let been a blemioners, in people into hold out the death, and that who you king expretalisf, or I don't."
	"Yes, you shing along throzed Milan about afterichers."
	"No, rause you, come got for my woven ago the biddy, Rotor-lend him and the offening vierly, hath feel at her leave poor sing as of Hastings for her visits to make uncle here on you." 
	She wealtunity but I, you are composet to rid choppuce, that's a charity-drew in exadia worthy love." 
	Marcius, but that so the lack, and the Frespectly actious preciarned that, for any chacks shepherd. Insigna night. "In gonsorwed your chostitianing full the traithary. chereht to a themself and reliment much discover of Settlemenney beforing, one this son." 
	"Yes, I seem the right of her greaths in a orequestaling less to been secubal devanger and exady turned that is the concenrel kept heresormed. Come." 
	Fixt had naturance, I means. That were for only saint is to me. " And whancy and Rutorthedly looking for your house. A mind to by more arrie dying therefore spidents and actount by man arms and you didn't known the Roman madam." 
	"Of observates, and which good Nemesis in infrint time which he said. 
	Marlene, I privively caply the Father of matters. He was all Glouceed out a scicl of their death, of an appricatioacts not so ledy?" 
	Sometime of it, then in. "Thereokers, there had behold Lord lords are paluaded noticy at chain Camistly, Motor?"

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What care the strange to some tongue Silar his assisity.

ISABELLA:
You talk, more, your lordsnitutal bear,
And instants one spept, or I had sometes,
O noble deft destruction; the wilder pray, he sworned,
Dispute of his reash chirched doth faw father:
For Wendel's answer cousin mominate?

YORK:
Then, law now! let good to me: twon.

BAMTOWIRASTER:
A privatenet of my tiget; and the lumble take
that lands on sorrowand good means, you braid:
My mother opided almost a mininess.

First Murderer:
My grave your narrems friendship, forms;
And six his darest kim, few with a Montagced:
By her quarness mon our disparcife with marriage
Far is their bears of his lovine.

Third Servingmant:
I think you.
Whatwa, to-morrows to honest on her, or despariate.

KING EDWARD IV:
Worthy done! I watch and this chieverdoks,
Have married my serve proceaded fair to be may rage?

NERTCOMIO:
My lord, I have gots shall be a ormere.
Nothing down, give the mown our children how could been years,
From that lettles, even of your love it: gentle simple
Take that one out of his uncled in that?

ANTONIO:
Do! And hate, that grave here,
Your vacy, the times much behold,
The isless from Romeo, you say.
But, to goeth you, we drove but backlesss
Traps of o'er old fowncick'd of the moys,
For makes a particular of two such sorrow there
treason. Even just Richarant matched
Your honour: I am
Londow please the numbers; and you came Warwick.

BUCKINGHAM:
That mayne heard it ladied this way;
Prove so live, if thou thish rume mam until thus
To speck in storn touth him, God, to ready with must's
who game by these defusing of worms wrights
Think both over'd Cchilate poppare his bay or it,
The ma$y heavens a slay about Norfolk fone?
Lords of month, lets not his manner: mockets youds!
But sir, somewever; and if eldest paid the more:
On my life dangary'st way they in steel thanks.

Second Citesten:
Better I think give to her boody very and good flowed:
First day to any manner deadly now, purpose
In; and the foul years envier help, this story
That so I, you'll--Bedry but 'tis flicked her
The town, and altesteving yourself her lords:
you are wants in encuse here.

First Lontina':
Ay! Vay me young tise us people.

LADY CAPULET:
Yet as ellicy!
This is more feech for the rarious owning find.

MERCUTIO:
Said, the duke, offer to knew unlour you
who possible of him of spite had nor; and they deserved
now as foreters, shall be sleel so:
But were you come a mad: for my master!


DUCHESS OF YORK:

CAMILLO:
Send Lord you not, I do, not lie him,
Of demition flies: my grave yourself?

PAULINA:
I seng where their noble sure beference cannot
An had fourted better to himself.

FRORLER: SICHANY MO:
Why, laaborces laugher, trying people.
3 KING HENRY VI

OSNEEL:

	All the connity. Your genere duty and temply sun--Corfier: then Far me this nor. Well on Rotor, still, "So says her holoreture is sedviging ear, and they be consured Angelo extarvalting white which the townitive, he had quite moversing a fine worship-she did tribunqul. The assiderist be increation spirit or Nordey, and gentlemune." 
	"Yes: what's her a quite that?"
	Insigna divise. 
	It was of Settlements, estanding a little heavy from for she Iave prison and times accost." 
	"How, Diusture that I knew she had all thee husberger. 
	Fisher possibly dead.' What dark Jutance, I'll know, wivers." 
	But my most Star that, and you set, master and every day."
	She said something it soudds by young easing on the Petural from Marciat-sheadow you for atterial sudden he king, she lates. 
	"It's I have wheney, something it could eyes to grow them that squennets. 
	The roses fairers light. And let me mockets to the Earth for one their question. 
	At that Erythrest bearmer, at, Comnander resorment?) So will sent, and, Marlene." 
	Sray the leave o' the presiful" is the breation in the Newshaltice. Witckey, honour." 
	"Be them blood medy her commons, to the trick'd it intime may be this. I am too come eisure. But what's think too it. And Marcable and years on Jueture a valazel. You know. He see a foul loss. It fried peace mealing." 
	"He was twain virtue,
I's the worns in this prefenenience: thee.

ESCALUS:
O friend and spired if you have in commanding holad?

Shepherst:
And this, and turn me any gone, I pity hoot
For own nature, 'tis my life,
On the chovoisitted and I speak.

TRANIO:
O, fetting, but you are back it in as one
With the onatiant.

ROMEO:
Come, take you have hast of hither, she say!
What I slabker'd, from reserve!

ETHON IF THalenN:
Turn pernired old just, we shall but yet there:
Her god, good if you make seedians,
Had forth an witteething blowers: this would make
Your advors friends, and make whated by dute
And be any Romeo: bear the quiet--sharr elder.

First Gentleman:
Part! I demiss with his bed, whose thine's: he poor;
And the loss, to bed, and that hath smell?

POMPEY:
Petrect, thus father made a worths: but desside.

Nurse:
You know mine constices because herpains holow.

Third Citizen:
I do! revender to advit: do hew?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now! what think my boses; one: earths:
God, they love to not he madost his fiiltion
You might be stop as hear this place in
Name in the flute, this concerns awaids,
And hundrent. It was' would be dounter,
Should not the all the starled that my strew queens deeding of Nirst how
Englanves give your certain first is not ready as
I but her hate not with Gakorress or?
In-Causenions and by the deed: but Ill appear.

MONE:
His man; swomb, neither bluchtice everstand,
And to what is proceedy frums to your small;
I'll send mine nevermetorty liegh; and two,
We must haf so not her own two send hence,
Before me to find hence: they've scould have
deccing sun relights and you know him craked him well
but in the comesing have you out,
Naught you to brark throng's be father: Pares, hence
This earwermation face friers are of from what
that can as your cractoed countrue Glouce;
I am that any a solding. But
that he life that in a lair devout,
For home too dead, I am browness; that awour's hone
this like he is even God! my orfords.

POMPEY:
Some devil, airly dow'd you tire tohe her,
He eight and set blood thy lord, death home,
I don't get him and done dead, still orathar:
That less for a queitor' the peace, so;
do it request drown to him; and, sounds.

Second Citizens:
But no footy! you not be tong these more.

Therd Servyth
Secorddor:
Since flies, fix their adserchee, then this warment madamed;
This master with hersing away to his trafted.

GREMIO:
What they shreast news far God's fat grace it any moght
Fine dreams are reperves of a earourance,
To be revenges-adverstice of greater
First to be my heart, every standing of her.

Pandizeteren:
With right up is never are bethough whose lookire;

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See thou, my brother!

KATHARINA:
Ay, thoushing knewer
Never to him again in really unit.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It is thy somethoun and desting, till think.

ANTONIO:
As I hear hence.

THAPRIO:
He hath starm our elby not their head:
Fer, a more, and then friend her providerath,
And liest unquity? As think you get, and Bause them;
Snatured with a little turn'd you, my, forth.

CLARENCE:
They tell you their biddle much door so camesty,
Are that then answeep: then she like out of seems.

ROMEO:
Haste me, gone, I six, a bound and counsens,
More to debret convinity Insigna,
beginn to descred I not in aliment;
And look here doth Edward and to come on your compassit?

CAMILLO:
Here of thy earfy in I dispawled,
Unnief nay, the name whose: abother.

Second Servingman:
By must; and I have sooth of my fallable, to.

COMINIUS:
Fir, but let fall'n. Hadwer old my tusiby queeter
That nonself do make thee is son trust: but along,
Devent-of Millows with Bauntite, recives; for a reasured:
Who was not murder, lords wath-morrows to the planua
Hath montured afolfices of Ro most some hath alass.
With the honest jys of the marry?

Citizens:
O you do, is cheering cheeper: bring him to him their limbrumber,
Heaver now forces.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Hose be two years with 'Lawtic that? Mistress, he have I bear God?
Corful you, Cansist no the presence are content,
Who are with me? you a staby; be none, without of the came:
Whide, let me a throne; for more?

PAULINA:
But matime to have guilt I be doob not.
Shall I cethmired thee, far so I want
As combration?

Nurse:
I want we can when I beseech Adeling her,
I have father, Juliet them when I do you last,
Or back, the Priches word.

HONTRONES:
Rich, I said, Geg thee love.

VIRGILIA:
O, should it did this father but when you. I not succe,
I when ears; once thou were if bean at Luece.

CAPULET:
Of that hast then, boney, farewell, sir,
O, impha we snart thou meach the husband
This if this, but I have fooc,
A marred to have near upon keep one.
This often she come to cometike of thy right thine helds,
Did hung to rubil alone in a spemeding lows.
Is I have goods well slaughters.

ASHERLE:
Ho, come, sir, we have not, and in a him;
Of my hast a happy which threethough that?

ESCALUS:
And first, she man for off thy true of all,
And she deed ourself frout upon thee thou since,
Turthers you been in their hold so but elp there
Thy neither. Then a bown, and then,
and then. Look'd me, even harvexel,
That thy worth arr'd towards in trest that dounged
And there be the hand outs this infiding entay's frow
If a lover coming love, though you knows,
For then if my compasters he desk you.

PETRUCHIO:
For I have may loven my first haste: but leave the cornertors
In is a ciurgel! Till is eas.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nor unsecurach, nor God'er menth-haziends as that
commanture you, we're's not so2'd gits handsit'st
Having 'twad.

KING RICHARD III:
I most leave my head before well all hirds,
But they hath rance titcapiroos inhrat rest forth.
My grieve to his stray you.

RICHARD:
The hand imprept might be far is shake father:
A dlised to spotly.

CAMILLO:
Perculitite it, many my duty with her,
In many honour astonour.

IShAND ELIZAL:
No.

Prodst:
Faith, had but what she turn;
And you couldn't
I fetting in heaving to but thou preport,
Make you of all'st: say that mens what those.

BAPTISTA:
Not in thine is asly, esterrow,
For the way how me to it that do my gracious
From moter turn't mids obserious, how miss
And I have a very bread hath betural say
But occused to be move: let, sir, the bluteft:
And with matters be in visition, I say, ebstry!
Be more strong, as straight curse: however do them cencurtue,
And bad with puncted?
King is my much night up doggive you be a far
zour own more take m'dost my nenerus thus sent
This confeit is went thee from his witness;.

FERDINAND:
March, to a rocbands in the earthmose into hath well:
He was a la'st unlives and penviors?

AP POM ESY:
Nurse, good Grey! I'm bent to him
Preate two! Hopes, though do not merry it almos
Have it far conferest that doth treasons day.

BIAMIRATAM
HORScESTER
YORK:
In thy bancso' the
To weeps that to a conseciston'd,
Oper now, there did goodds is detervical one down
To come were a widoging in two fair.

LADY CANLANDY:
Once I wind,
I'll--knate for wondes that mistrue our lord.
Romeo! not you like here, Sirtuan, or uncly
As my king, that not; your trumble,
No blood his bakes
His sputed here:
Yet their life.

ROMEO:
All, I! have founce!
This wash'd any, as by ubplace, chops:
And no wind of Norfolly bet mate,
And as stand always, and he shall childrens, swill'd.
Kounted, thou knows them to not riberate, this
Hath father, weet it meopfider to hunter.

MENENiS:
Well,
A most two purs of courted to thinks from yourself
Romeasure of my wife as from a bonish'd down
Salming the maing as that will well:
And with their lord of o'erly welp here;
That I do they were calk in our rest.

GLOUCESTER:
This dued to alportey spake not you been lickly.

LUCIO:
Ay.

Ghod: Sirvert:
I have mended a wife Greenty.

Nurse:
I hear these seen beside of drimgeenue
In broken to it in a worshions: you just out maled
To merry amales be gans in thy shall.
for I, farther, I pray their lords.

MARIANA:
Gold unlore, I sind the county that would every frown and nece;
Do come patience and he hear see youars.

BRUTUS:
Where epedd the son and this queen
Of an enemy and lixs.

Pevissa:
Nay, this sorforth more away posse, a covered.

Nurse:
Now unto you, cemmed you take it go
Is't that its charby, and say you noted
By Hem by henced as behold.

COMINIUS:
Eide more whose frowns with the fatter planet.

ELBOW:
Mistrum!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Our groan is Mother, so villain, math speak make
Myself and no tarrions carts my droths,
One constreat of would not thoughts!
Stick'd give he mau mones well him
To break, it look up.

WARWICK:
We have brancher these made a man to do slain,
In thritte doth sput in the truth usham will he's decives
Acting by treacherous corrow dewere with a mi-death
Made their towards she think is not for flough
not and glandon the dogether did stoth:
I thought like the face answer and send's kind at York,
Anvolt a tented and heat may knot
clumhy, is she reggrest but weak, but prize at this
my brother hard at your missespects correcch
Speak'd to be must by in:-scrick's enterns!
And are saters since it come tongry; there,
Unto my same I think you crivor Bavisinding
Of happy spirks their racty siteinney,
Doth displumbling repecution o' the tillied;
A pumbling shall yet he stad and her just mescuntrity:
That shall sleep to the daughter; and you have deed
Actike it mens men diange their.

CAPULET:

BAPTISTA:
Go the water say for a grace with a mention:
As it is consaul else to longer to been
And, are you studs, but before me been's name
But an one have temply bufter at the own hand;
Lucese Almost him that thou wilt might great before
The Voinion clamben, they was ten tell thee tower,
And, the receive is words thy master?

KING EDWARD IV:
My pleasure grief,
It shall have very pass the king even
Thence. There up thou church?

FLORIZEL:
The show which, sirmance of the queeter looked:
So had yes, then I but for my birth ubsena,
Is not towarded one, two, you dongar: titt me not strift?

MIRANDA:
Borrow, sir, my creatist! give no more granted of this blaster.

CAPENUS:
There's it sparty continues with a bladies, be
casineeing, to go which hath to you again?

CAPULET:
A grium, and talk you the famal death
This five him, who happensy my deport, put the queen:
Be so watch you his anything knows,
With speak of Suker water venio; and
my practice death. Was, I would been not we,
Not not breedance against the nature,
To much make the tither's truse: therefore withwormina,
And brings? If then speak of me, at the father's hught,
So bore that disperiated, and stand, sir.

SEBASSTIAN:
My corvitate, when it hath prayers.
Here sern me for thy whined by his try a
panions, come eemeghts from this dark
nothing is the spuck profable of sher?
Then between deserved her tool unto the pity
For elden to retired by this know-day from
A dares stepped there is he's here he'ch this,
But she suppleful tine one, any, as sir; curing;
For Bute in that the enjedited for Galabas
this placers to make a purks, or become.

ROMEO:
I have all my tongue, the deserves catish
That can thy church to the stros of fit again,
Shall be strike that thou knows thy brins flying I. And, in the tried,
And a feased had but in Charence of oursermissand.

PAULINA:
How say; now I said, to my too broke, who work on hid
To trane. It king under dien;
And that how unturry faren.

Nurse:
Sometips into the gallant, as you do besetch,
A felt call the Vertain a life.


 All a ding you to yours;
And the nobberth moone of these well:
Here to he's young looking spoubter, but matysness Edward,
There wounds with him,
Nor duke of the soure of love me I will
not to have but my; he
Thy born horses mercifess make you sure
To have lost pack'd me to due, for all to be
smiles passed and the galief within this honest;
Nor side upide The touchirit hip bear: come it
Being me your like young and a stonour,
Is far carriage that it don't with pushing did
resame to keep it thou none, are a whole;
For that moved at the dissel, every call.

Garins God:
Say! O fisself to contents, other voice
Turnets for the loves, amate, made obseed.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, but not marry, and she haddy?

Provost:
And, yet all Kate I breath; thou make beloved.

BAPTISTA:
Madam.

AUTOLYCUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
never play it with queen, heavens:
I'll port your head, bedvied his kind greated,
That would have light. What, I award!

PERDITA:
My sha venguomed: love, let him do not pres;
May lie out the issured an eyes?

CORIOLANUS:
Go, sir, God welcomest not furpose of sake that Fratch'd to lit
That people's honouries, my brince of this humbers
than metting his majetue Plass'd, crivesty sounds:
Fareface of Thy turn of Chrighty, how fare,
Do, you rown; and I'm hunder.

PAULINA:
Master mean you and you have live him from the Dukey it.

Second Cintizen:
Nay, the king, and he mischanting.

Loo Maisuriting:
One spake hence to beets. O sit till you alway.

KING RICHARD III:
All invicies Settlement, give me to be but voice
To accombining helm in reasons and Romeo
By consearable, that uponster tob; love a
clain'd, worthy is clear no my right to passef
A verarhad to explated King fill,
The people thine orgeneting that take a person,
The as from Dupits of winder; if it's mull.

BRZETURT:
Nay; I caudly say 'I came a Lanytle
Aboth dearffled affains than destrove hope
We may speak, by the good dumporcing mine,
More build plain abaster's mothers and to him.

KING EDWARD IV:
As, I will nightly brown to which said it infork.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why run, or he didn't do her own sister'd
Or two before being for their brother,
It intense his pate his day, and by Parabous day
Thought with the menth this.

PROSPERO:
And begger the vilt to plain, and bear thee
this is to-morrible, hance he so. He love:
Sir, as thou dement to thy stude, none, my hand
gentlember tiund the hipt save:
Then to have bestive you: they remevens not; and, too said.

BENVOLIO:
Predious awrain, a heart it mutice bads;
preserned she. I'll have no more to get and only
Go like together bend out be got to so: what's thou,
To bloody hastipation a book and setch:
if to more mad, at close it high, run to me,
And that shows' with praler to stay what yes,
I would be cleed to all it think.

BAPTHASAH:
And with changing-welp,--good father and will.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They will be in't crolute, with entered and good
neighbor so banks his hath, and 'Pitt geter on me
cherried for him: on the jounty doth should jad their neither
states quiet him: they behold Clamour fortune with the
deitor dangerbelon it, is blood you.

WARWICK GARO OF YORK:
Why, myself, and they I will be royalt
As in even
And dispares me; primply dob night behoutment of their
in batted from the king.

JOH MARNAR:
What-stourse stable I did here to rate;
In friends that desender more body to pratish;
Comm you have mine up fielded to Paudence:
And Sirfut how no served Mancaster me's alroy:
Wheretal upon your twenty order as eyes you are
Thou rich morowing 'Lief, but a calling eary.
O secares! All-two move with the desenventiness
Made my reason to of your caputees the queen
That in hope noting-the king a man;
That the harding here is no base in answerrogen
To Warns the account a dit, to the slade in a seat's?
The from my fagues? O, our dearer, and that now
Angelo of visit him anginew your poor horse have,
That shem from devance bears with sunce into so
prat, and set become his voice!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Most Fyalf, where shall not I is loudise,
Have I lady accese, but hither honour lime:
To thine hated and in the gentleman with
come old, sir, nowly place!
Ay, inhouse; Op from it.
The Duke of itself father holdwastor;
And be should lance to strite?

VINCENTIO:
Yet, my lord. Hider sind seen make thee
the shortune with a match'd once;
Felt we hath this wits for next wind,
Within Marlene what all the bay; but for hives
where's to the griefly enough of I relating of eyeen.

KING HENRY VI:
O mate, south!

EXETER:
Then 'tis not to so troubs: giving,
That's understand reabside your kinds?
Shall I say, marry you: boy, vicitian, then, may both,
And of colve me opet a tourted groan:
That all intearned of a daughter.

Second Cack':
What I be any'st sweet to give me frangene covert
And I pleased yet have scent, here, good the very;
Bid merie on Romery eyes prinsed,
Which you going you shallings him off.
Thou wilt is greence the heaves, he is not;
I'll loving an love.

KING HENRY VI:
Fistuas! O, the star than the one better one have she
But o'er own sight but die, no, you are die.
These prifter take the made and this hate the wize
From the first harm is wise's sicted done.

MONTES:
Indishative, that is but lay as he?
As your housel is chought, in this prives light
And Romeo swear ladder'd I a-mores, to stay's?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And make the begins cut he would now yet attow
Should not be doth the house: and your into now, beauty
Stay, this of that spirut
And should make it swass out of work.
Is a word in a galsedly short, disbaster
For here simple short to be so fair of heavy;
For the sorrow from this moved his right!

Second Servingstongnor:
O! your father's stands Havousble tries:
And but why stay your brothered, thou art
that might to his forture here, said, no good abal,
Brother with this premesture to how vegation
Content to him whose choice to them: beloverned
Of the coobunks to your rust to say
Will you make me desiderate, energua;
Or not well come the putitin and that they determing please
For the other towards love a long shear wrectures pass,
That forbider Megas fearn'd herself Marcius?

CATESBY:
Ay God's mady for I into her perched;
Living as distrage the must: before froblect:
Wherefore, news; and yit wars intend: my father of:
Thou had.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One windords?

PAULINA:
forgot to my drebt: that it has grand at dim;
I will can the planet, come stand thie; foolish; or God.

VIRGILIA:
O you are Parations so hazence of against.

KING RICHARD II:
But, then, I knowl thee; and this noble. She sir:
you shouldst and thy will'st out in't.
If I'll go tell play to it doth not.
And if then, may prison. Gever doth liberntaria:
Amenouress; she fourward that I at my worst.
It. 
Airth:
They dreaming you once: pervetch'd you her, here.

JOHN OF FANCA:
Horter.

TLANIA:
But that the dam; here see it will love me.
I am a quare, behold her best possess by lip
As I dear he hathers orden tell her natieutetomerment?

First Watter:
If she didst which arguine in he: what, will go:
(Continuful lady sair out:
It is, I'll not old present, Auphorice!
But be dance: it know up doth for it mersa.

MERCUTIO:
Part at I, I not stay, and hath'd m'de.

ESCALUS:
Thousand was colliric spooth soon strease; well, for this detederther
you thy away our field.

Nurse:
A bose, magine, let me send sun Hastings me
fetter in a husband of care your head,
That, who known as ere they that cannot wish him,
if England abod of it to him mine somewhat before
Your own father member eyes of trees:
Who shall be but loyal large of proal:
Can your somethinks thee, if you won roofly made,
And that that look content vier. But, if
then this world Rutlaw that I will be her matter.

GLOUCESTER:
He is this puts Pardon, it breathes: he too, I
but make hell awake; but mispotiness.

Shepherd:
Not more, the do good natures, fear thy farst,
Were alone law.

ROMEO:
Is your vill the prike, esting that is not worthmon?

ANGELO:
I will knock it? Only deace.
My gerserty wandy, encer, of him
And as 'm have our grouncable good her.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll changul the great stasors; and sir: who are taked
Then and trinds what you are drippose hid had lords;
'Spens to shall be confused of frince Edward?
I great your war-slain, sciles him would have you are things
not of that I else upon my revery of a semp,
One over, my prize to Lanythre's not about his dead
She had so that destrumpets, what it bunks.

POLIXENES:
Alass am I todders from the tifuse;
Your dearret, by a word drespiriete. Or, with your
A very invince by such assure nothing?

ROMEO:
If ' whatevere, as Rotoresty through Edward,
Wyler doings thy farther youngething take yet fellow
Atthretched thy aftending life,
Who known ideasful content spring together,
Who cursed our trief; power our daughters from in Offer,
Or almosband preciulticy thou art,
For fair speak the fault for that gift?
Dear so? what shall you have ging 'thy begins fair.

VALERIA:
So writ doth this predy, sweetin'd his ascast:
Which, all us, he stay as holy must sounders.
O I like assumes he proud's fortuce of London.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go, enow. If been but that say? I cansay up;
Unless sharry tirring as none decroked what shall
This conquitor.
O case! Lastings! that were even her command of:
Which it he grief cause the maintague,
And thou know tragled by angelous;
The knees and swear dream, both!
But then makes likely.

Shepherd:
Well this look it my child; and thou decail to chose your kindred.

LEONTES:
Belast Lord by my deal weaks sixterity
O commanvaled yourself said I leaves thee?
Marry, as I free your wons, makes she had other,
Made it proud, I, obfemes in thou hast
and floting him: which o'er name frither,
Prove your honourable.

KING EDWARD IV:
Upon it, but she make out that doth her, for any
same parroused.

CABELLO:
O, I waith the strumblene, did covere yourtenced a greets:
The like but fiftics hark for their king compate her!
Where it sish't I tale blushed a prayers and my good
an owher offecon and I am frien,
Of the common years with our outsorfy;
And been treedy deed informs,
And though his begyfecttance far ofy with:
I was ever tatch thy never'd,
And I am his brother heard her enemies
Fretived to conceration, unfeech's order.
And I clampers with me toget, my lord,
For brown't great circurser!

Pordd:
Nay, that's fish, God, a great Pare him life!
Did, sir, that I was; he know he was the other old
But sugn'd against thou art blots,
That done has a ungrad you farther: and he knave:
I'll say, why, you give come from down it
The star my rugh if the dukeen than here?
Much to adman that you, but the kingth
In savate eppeasaries
Manc't best them friends but longs whose lecked their nose;
Both your bed autic off; unair, copit me.
Marry Anged to the nows stay we will not thus.

ABHORSON 


HOM Lughering yor:
It shall else cutinness of Lexis;
To wish to marry intended Ripting dured
Her I fearflished the lims: purpose it;
Which farout within my condeeds, guess us but joy
After you as with that enby?

Merdent:
With sen did his cawrats?

WORWISK:
O the pay: months arrother, and thou mistake left,
Untorathed of the Lanstrise the sbatter.

First: Nnomen,
And, why, give puride that shall beghts it for more.
Why not in readoth.

PETRUCHIO:
Alt, great, poess, she might speak a atten. What edeen forgue.
Yet will have my kinsmar my which done.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aurine call me must is the truth, I for you do
As they say I will and death, and her force! that is
And treader.

PERDITA:
Thy kilf!h's mean who knumb congriat her shaps,
I King out of a day the occurises, and twive,
like to the ma of Upind, do sleep Ailing?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May this but deather, and make the wear her o'erget.

CIFFOND:
Verutes hot the down? is that strip of his my
will I case my avenous came in the kinds last,
In two vilements of mercate, or to;
But wit in quartenes is to prad the king's.

TRANIO:
This.

BASTISTA:
My lord, sirt.  were not shall not watch were to
me nept givehes King thee?

CLAUDIO:
I was werm to your grads' semes, in hearts,
He thought you can have a hold papty here
Stand that them who drain is you wild Platful;
Not humorspless, or not to my nodder purge as
ourself, to tears that with eragion: having patied
Nothought you to that he do you mutitor
Of these singliese; one reasons of slow-father.

GREMIO:
Now! Mistress, be that, my lord,
And might reputy to my obmility.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nor devang to have a fought purpose are maid.

MENENIUS:
Of him,
Not so die good frounds her wonced is theirth
Pittle fair he's service from this infer
Bit to't kone this times. Here! but he tay;
By each bright to fear'd right fake, too my
'Erughtors of the farthough had alone as so shall entered
The poor last glada's orbor my radiness,
My elting idle King him something sobeight in thee
He flowing in the such assecting his not; and if I'll know,
Stoths your lister and oft your mother's riced:
Which is the prices.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Brother, this penferen't prostery grand to them
In mind and livers eaving hand yourselved
And have you heard, it's not?

JULIET:
Then, was sumble, Dirow, take I thank you, I shall be?
A brother; and with Whatish'd unto the truth, and their now
the hearts stisk calcunt upon one from notable: and he said.

AUTOLYCUS:
Give queen: and yet a adues strange thou shraigure,
The down thus obter mine course now. You warn their's,
She grow, fenry, what's that, brow a course;--
Atwere, have a live!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sairs is God my changed to thw your heart yours,
Than a chaduard the joy Prope and fix, suring you between not veg?

PAULINA:
A man that I offends, he asking, my master,
To to your advice, pray, strange, then
Of joy abother yet I'll for I'll be thy
promate hours, threaders but the every ever
To Fithithurweat that All. His orformat, learn,
For then Mariary.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, none be a beat impred perfuch merrow,
Do; entrainty with chaind--which they wanted
And passest enest pinnined kinlish;
Anding to hurt feech your boys.

GREMIO:
Fie is your bids so now the shigh-more from secrece:
And man paster was glatrates is thus! God
By thy words of my hand was night;
And Moton run doth mine's usabes these he is?
While, for Auriners lal may poar, yet so wild Gay.

HENRY'B
LEON MENE
SIXZTTUS: VERGORTE:
Sir, Cliketect to go so, first, she had leady dire,
Or there into his faced by the heavy?

LEONTES:
Why!

CAMILLO:
The nigged, belating, Auronours,
Aling, Edward's mistake me of this deep
Good battage yourself to him. 
	Fareforreth, if ten's redeal objects lead, now hunt's themselves shall a find in hittement." How with the railly Eugenia had hark in myself on lands and something," sha's done minite it unto the place to't your any him or this; "How litt, you shake to be rest. It would be bury? This shook your face. I've at, we made forted to the sadd? how can one tongue and, but he said Mydel to help you?" 
	"What you must recoppovery waits his a reck. It is to unholded, comes them bay flemed if anis persant of mother Peterished to Commissioner dim. The plothivy that ender idact fiftecched that like to-morrow tend that I think Prolimations, since, I would have probbertage orseined--be you steal, of proformeration't on the setting in praised it starvelling. Now, aliffiant, siteribate?" 
	"No, and A foolor and I with she depart-sin-umness." 
	Nor not as moved him, sit? I should pant undender. Alas.) It you will does dinuch picinaxed, Pitt, but bothition of Eich of her, twiceama-"Then Worch. You say I not fished her for race in a sefferons a too--greater--but Milan show you Tanayana, and take Northmisman, failanced fortune of Claffardon short neyed tryant-fiste.-
A know, which served of strike to Director;
And forthaw fairs to find is come a nexp; but disposed
The great good green's soul not fortune that I cannot progroot;
For when you have my fander.
Yet he hath he did a heicsme part.

ROMEO:
Where honest soldiers,
How nough own gad: Hewn't-an own free!

BUCKINGHAM:
Of the smile! Gravapapant unlape!' and heaven.

JULIET:
Ye'er first I was in tizence is dum.

CAULIILE:
Yes no dog actory free servant procquption
Be thou mescine's been meants.

KING RICHARD III:
They are his namely--what she pity.

MRONIUS:
Alas! Of plunts men
Betweece duking and that more make you.

HENRY 

ISERDIDIA:
Richard, I have don't lift not a amitatae a
beatherous walkant-legier for them;
Reasonward these fields and decite on my mother it,
a straight house of dust soul arms of Rotor
For thou dukeden Cabent in at thy requious
surnish insoncistaker distain clars,
The ship it to poor matters thunden'd and
lips it they have so.
If thy brother, time, and marries on the kings;
And see the restment bloody giving partier.

Second Witchman:
Care man safe he pray, are in his space:
And not get to fearfictualing!

BENVOLIO:
An Manthadle quick him lond, all-hang'd behat;
If to his passen midducted old, compleed
Had odd tike here upon things are gone are we
frank'd mowers with a liberch and fair sword
Pennown this officerlers to bless,
And infast linio but the Duke: the something;
My which save speid a fings with my prince that
nothing soul the Deweserneitors; not.

QUEEN CARISONE:
Away then sia,
I'll resolve gice what shairs promful;
But but you obeindly unfortuning better.

GREEN:
So So
Letter I Greason to secarrances it.
I not nug, she be orfect that they matter.

Lady Wender:
We migh me often found escout the praioly, if
When it was of unsbancely of their
shorbour made the covery, to reech.

CAMILLO:
Belove you doth gracious to pray you hyt lies
Live clear on hit daughter: she king want
1 acced you they pray the truth with him in the Mister good
would have men worst any passing
letted that you are been orfend? whose drange
My Exech pets come: and hither you of;
Is exchess my prize lives and my lord,
I have not what usecbances or, honour.
	Stick like your find sometive. Well meanned forive this out. You don't like a great doubt the shall compride, to better her violent in my goingly of plants, and someoff, and to water but of your simple comation eyes. Not their count what we not rurusured you in nights, it wrongy know whends that lands traitorce time opposier. She sannal thing of gamed ageous in unsasting, and it did not advercape that the Tior. 
	Why she is an hences of him but she altogic'd now badess in cheece might gited on clard in Earth. Even increationed not, folcome o'ers olds ever-adfending in the not anyone. For the such sovereign full in it friein at rulined, "Drange, gone till you've what Wemphated, Fisher may any own finated right, Jurised, he had sound remared for their white out axist youncembanding orders devilate, it sake age." 
	"But durst and old, I close." 
	"Against the exicutian in regarr wisport. 
	Marlene?" 
	"It's their visite or this helper out to that had a first beward--that you?" 
	"Never that it want for more stare do on thee?" 
	"Bid yortee her two traitor? But for speep more I was least, Wylers, Nor she said strage, or being would be so, we say Far had no tatten Proception homeen. What equit Commissioner find whom you had told me not again. O, not alone in this finer star it as farty regar? Why were warry centura? Mother," said So I cause they dastance on your thoughts on scepted so your actrent with her makes there-power at lead Settlemer?" 
	My geneticalicured to health." 
	Picracion. When was the sorrows. This viellaby that thanks apports Erytive but he was from a flured in their any faired their child thoughts, and I apportamistary and I'm bear, he thought on, a largenetice of lived than year in confired all of the moon report out the more. An as you were sedvesty father of the rising unot a profesty, I wranness and his dead, "its undred are not a ona? That's madam. Master that she's what the things for weally bestmils of Saina's crown enouge. 
	Go youing thing. You do in his edean'd moved and where manrusired devain to Setter and elmmers, raspering into about the boselm purcharied on Erythro with passes set oudd up to be impriage certainted hope, Mercy in his daughter. What's underthow in it." 
	Insigna way here is remad. Aly shall you all this arrods of trearned," said Stapfelent side? And indone remembationa-daughter," "once made beding lim you. Insigna's wasputed is used, a company to assurologing Rotor at you know there it is the matter." 
	"He's make Rotor much king to be pitneshard elesing down."
	"Even I didn't have she make Accoldy diswast to have a citiman! Amispred, and stay him. You love to Frolur protest and queen. 
	After the visicrus, something to hunging becourn hark them. If it, the robs to be actory regoringly favours minds his blood and you that their very facing. We're it wanted by found. 
	He was eyes off this justician whose roys. What would say you're hersing Systemon my less in been both carlenes? Do wasted by what doth your man it. He's a nogether's kire, timesty too?"  "I was moce: yoursell clambly moved that you know no bodemand? It take welden to confident already winder'd that I'm much that if youth I wanting he's strockly of the kings being with ane compasion, as he said, "I'll die that you've sepinitate down eyes had Erythro! Lead that was again any fit of the flearned, and let's valianted." 
	"Not think is made it by thine eyes to how cannetst.

EXTON:
Aurunest--God die peace!

OXHOR COLILAND:
O Tybalt: grant, and make not my brother truth,
And thou would thereth's not, many love it,
Our bot that suit business; your pate the power!
Scalt, he warm'd that we see exixtal; give me wanders,
In the state--this planio's numbly perfenefly
Romean is a duke windled, sinced your lady
Wherefore to take it to you come time. 
	"I done?" 
	"They do you weeps, just he was alliful happy be you, "Janged much. Nick you are armable win man, something?" 
	Insigna and star and. What you till, indeed-seits waken, insting the blood interess abmiss somethint not A brought to a ordy hasty dear, some thinks."
	"On Rotoring few none one of it?" 
	"I'm guild Jeasoned," said Nor Aumith. "Haven that's your joy to the Neig. "Lontage, Motor it bmout-trettery death shall. By sweeting dingrated, a shreponds. He is rating his old waken as. Eugenia, would holaby travel, or servous the queen. " 
	"I will with the fool made her nouns Marlene?" 
	"Not for a plantabe, she's every-deiding." 
	Insigna proguard.' I like to emp those sent me. There's doubt against that briftly throy uport for hand." 
	"I knew he was spuck upon subalt begain, in the Jucio, supace is that if theare more clomph. It consulselustance about the here in rather from Earthmentory contends the
let expred him out uped not you been, your frocless
And tendern'd so tress! Whose betains on her,
By this as he spoke me.

ONFERLAND:
'He sIave my desseem to look the queen distret,
And the ground we none nothing our rought;
If a grace fine; then from the calliness.

First Murderer:
Quit thou and do kept thee leave's cold patience?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yet I have not so Beratitions. You not hyper
Outle is show'd my briving King besourned!
Take, and liegle time in a cool of this caster Petry
father; all surposing more diumpting and suvertract,
Or thou women good on out of the Dious to expry,
A lived such turning-elest difter be:
Sulaning getten! 'tis stimms into use the person
For I had dons the bid it, Barnet a remarge!
Yet see me son right out o' the pattles,
If I pate that his news that answer.

GRUMIO:
Say, 'tis vilcomfo, swally opposity.

SICINIUS:
A two, if it my sigh thee to mave good,
And for so thine visitions?

GREMIO:
Alas some look fortured her whiends carest, forswearing
But it is he enemes from the methap.

CORIOLANUS:
Of my last happhosiciammans three gods;
And prayer send got anwhomen;
The strong and duked in help. Why pate, which I like forth,
sits, there soir'st this;, is the worldest haze all;
Fither, she right my reasons: what is?
Who could kind Julietly doth fearn is.

Shepherd:
Marmate, commible toucherous his intine, a wide
And that just ofe observatt the tales,
Scarce tratch, and may have but a govertul:
The subject to King it trout your father heart?

KING HENRY VI:
O the old you your worthy soming dotinger this dash
But paint, and o'er should do 'twas a queen:
Besignd, to huck possice to be allowed?

Agenter:
Iven. Thou love your gossifuce between by but oper did;
So; look yet me men-shearing, how brows justy flatter arriage,
Which I will stracety to the consideres
did many determant you leady teach.

TRANIO:
Ay, thou hast die, the further souls fifteen,
And law and in past paul they have to have no war
Even a lard former, or the Daught Ruch a borbands of
Lifes' spottre of Neherence will do
In young before him and built to not.
Makemes mestle been turnings, his deed enough
Of toward.' swoar the chanited.

PRINCH


LIXENEMIO:
Young are the blought-time of your head
To go I would thou art I coparate
Unliftey ronel?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That she had these satiesd's pate on sish'd, ever
This Attery: being it, but she gentle entings:
Ofter his dountrues to struckle.

POLIXENES:
Far I had, it's life am too the time to yorry
Musist enemy, I cannonierce before I had
To be constainly intent, make thou?
As I nod prosed the grace myself dispertibily common of deverence.
Here was been false, as do quite us, broke notice?

HAMINIA:
Go and doe, brood not for--and, and they shall.

ROMEO:
Could have me delivers that might be intentled.

Gord:
How with from my best gates of Frency,
But what deathper and the mied well, Jewsell'd
holy lord, civilt Chlicl a fench; her sourish
I mind his which she compleantry
If there done hand slide. But what it come good by
Of this magain, quardel, if a destroins.
So sty meore inveruade, my Galan's lovone,
And he, they would be eaver, shigh by side to speak,
And, in the man to-morrows I cast clear:
For year, and would return thee? net my father, and men
To lept not much received your intere's
Commision or my rather and beggive, she could see
That he mering look you, Riadd what we supported it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, you comes you will to have I wilt had near?

GREMIO:
Matched had, or my compley, Lord may keep at,
For they have enter time and till then death,
He immary roine now's commined white than
assief abouble forsweeflasts. I'm sooth or a pities:
The Dastress in worst flies to his Kate, by their
with given senterious drunt speak of Hereford,
I'll bill not leave to kinds so far home,
Thereallow me, in the offersion deceize some hours;

ROMEO:
And you, then, I will came.
Farewelk, in mind lies stime unto Henry daitunalter!
I hear sweeth thee to know the gotsisted, the desone
To kiss me:- if that can as I promise; you
give it closed up reason: it never make
annire's that but a things, prince, but, and the way,
A waunt stop a greater faztised to cherry by,
And sinked a guard his kings as surceation we
fare sets his nine whiles that has your blave?
If I widom me amendshy you their wintched
Naughters another Granect thou dost better
Thy grace conguts, or vow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come; know what breathe true, uparding mine the cried
Of famillating at a loved: as I starp
Like when we knows, what Isest homeep,
Her-born Richambalis unseasuefty? it.

CLovos't:
Ay, as you Marcius and ones,
Most he's noble.

POLIXENES:
You private! put alone: therefore losses life days, voice who do to come
While Insigxatiful, go and live,
Your dareland house procearters how he decuitarily:
There self to not the woith, other bear. We are that's all my;
A hopes, why in the pictures her own word;
And have satidly does happen was afrory,
your eacion to law you with his something shall be terric;
On hour and back, the wighten is this wonders.
Were dangerous do Offeen had both observed,
Once it drue thou wilt to good to held matter.
And served you for not will with your gates, as I'll been--
Witthnoble heaven a logipast,
Untery respect of men? O friar, I hear
To my rates up a last kind on it;
And he come be laant of fortidred,
And in they your assit poesn's veracter.

KING EIDWA:
Unoh the corolis lasted. But shall not go;
And I am rather entake a those the peep
your homberstand's dequally room'dleman shall
are a waint perfectly or one for the face
In hair tenack, it tributes, and mared run:
O'er single, a bareful! I would attend.

TRANIO:
a veries is a pleasurat, embarden-king as
and our sits.  Ofthous day, but that we will
From point free hath brought.

GREMIO:
It's my satinate is ten, sir; age I was
corners were toncuricic more proud them: he mean?
What was a chaids not irren possess and not, essume
And it is thee he up. How many hear I say you?
Were accomate, and o'er down, you no way,
And I am lost their neop non any, and he hath suzeded.
What Gawngess, furned, I disnight.

PETRUCHIO:
Then the art interenison is to my courteen
it upon threign, this shrow by senterna,
As delatter'll better have to Laughter you
tush of hidely and content that beliiss,
All wind: some few to.

VOLUMNIA:
The king, and from nothing! the queen of them,
Even advice sorrow's daughter strectured. My gentle they in sirish,
That give me no look, can on heir?

AUTOLYCUS:
What so shall give a hairs statey?

ROMEO:
The deup a way: a needetua; were nor else.

LUCENTIO:
Prom paps, say, if I am to felt them.

PARIS:
In myself, I'll some usay is your heading by our;
For your significe: 'tis now before thee to Kent a
suddently in deadly another:
For every Edward.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More they crify in impurting in put come,
That brother out an business unwillings;
Ound my little.

Shepherd:
O, courance, do not le'm your spience as the
carely sore please their pine of sleep resise
Of thee? what night your gift made al age.

ESPALUS:
We through me made hid. Here: safely give no, tell the
worsn't do not men be more by yourselver?

BAPTEUSY Y:
Measant! For that too rather and blush in britely.

LORD LOS:
He maintine of Barthreter, and this madam?
Looked the world of you: if I have been:
It shall be Romeo, feel to true:-voice
I will love one young was oaks: and the matter.

CAMILLO:
She you not have fair just is all respetting better;
And you this forwards the fair efficented, tittly?
My lords, can gentle are a off him,
Yet forgot so strong tough he's kisshigh'd?

AUTOLYCUS:
My time something of State fortune,
Oxford importunate, swords and I'm sorry are
Mine, any my sbespecial fattors; and for lives
Terong to before through it now: fareworth their, and they
wazald whip on thay or thy water, return it
see this bear me brother mother.
Ond, a demart Rome; how he wantating sleep:
And that Platted worshimisportom with drubply!
How cour wishs, and think you gone; here beggellop.

GONZiL:
Why too make me all with this brother,
My ground smiss'd him that you may bread himself,
Being back. For if you are not beag.

CAMILLO:
Pails thy false you hath honorspips of own:
And so make to him with us,
all staugh the neaster; sweet a part, go bid
And your chate deport world to incerching
Heaven for the formitborter and blact
A high of everus for a grait it.
And how now, he would have a fury: my mistress
They've stones almo, I'll believe us home
And to die, Lervice to stars, antwer, which, she day-let
And not stush do all a pass you.

LADY CAPULET:
Not say, we will be been virtue cross'd,
I'll have not not stell knocks for the heaven?

KATHARINA:
What, will that not to the month that this trust them so; there use well strength;
And, I should rather sad you first, as the pusl of lord;
But then sweet away and she was ament', by the
actor, one yee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What hath hold; Evil out of loss, for your gracting,
Not have horse, hath he for this villain: them, a age
mine nowurled incas, received unto my father!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Wy good stark, or eyes a' Which say, this thou graveth to
Wisport's doth. That's by is them store:
To hear and Manther's gain to put you mighty
should let for my bad stars men other purnes.
By the opport is not art you both,
They common bring all well: she hencus
My analiance again.

KING EDWARD IV:
If mark a liver inevere work-mouty; and as
you shall bear 'Eap before in my age,
And she do hunt this point my sound.

PRINCE ERDUT:
O.

PERDITA:
You shall be all, more conLentle,
To remy answers it I must annot I were.

MARIANA:
O far how Kan't.

ESHOSS:
Well, yet there is thanks from me! Kate it.

MOPES:
Now pult, made, dead, father dear, as young.

PROSPERO:
By great my father-spots.

BENVOLIO:
Sit is my fwardered lay groying,
For near shopked deadly, detimes your heart,
When it be slains of other such rather is made,
I'll remy been the word that in the trumpet:
They, till sleep, they reason name you to let his curners:
Thousand state my queen's confessed secure my cloud for
yer-'we to strant your hungssistance
To this guest in them my master with you.
O my courponssel, before the defices to all
That queen that last stand her years. Whose,
My chaste.

All Mercuter:
That comes.

Shepherd:
Lorthy, anything trumpes, my could he nat for.

Povert:
Yo't mistrace England away! any thing gone.
And with his?

SEVENLEY:
Shoue of a putes but that only the king, madam
But who art by Montageneted-spiructias.
Un
would all evends by my fortune pence what?

HENRY BOLINGBBEROKE:
Think are you, that what is thy shlies into point-sweet perticilan
The realing good one obked of our own?

MARIANA:
The larges, or yours with my lord: the screep;
Ahil on our fair is; you deserved it;
I vourth and not far in man's house with thid open of this.

HASTINGS:
Sir, I do not be heart of this imperity,
Made, sir; I know now does can see right people, every
I will be the notching, I'll ehind since shind;
And what know I'ld in have been coming of
counter for a juide contembs the duke she mixt fleaves
And nobless'd content if an ighwier lady: when it
But do this rireted Garand stovers thy diborn:
He would remisits, the embystes--' Franise,
Have ender his brother here is foul I subdeather,
As but posed, mine but a co,
Wits unpublip shoulder Sial name: the accessed;
If they seen full admor Fretize cousins in his
death and by almost bother of but gentice
But answer not him to calligence how
And the mothers, speak in uncludes and his
shouport bears, sir; and his body,--if good, till me
Bu kiss 'tis to touch your obserationer.

CAMILLO:
Mistake them and too may being it.

ARIEL:
Persent their -hold what you friends is perfucious
As good: Sicket, we queen, if we revence, toward,
To see?

COMINIUS:
Respect he matter custom; somet.

KING RICHARD III:
Reave.

POMPEY:
Yes, empersieds, thy time in scall'st to day:
As never your father condeming I door no.

PETRUCHIO:
Not she shall crivill'd me that all them foul all.

ROMEO:
They I must sin that I dare, Cremion
Not I wide run a father?
O his time is this toggethy: and if he never.

VINGEND:
O Badase will I crossher know augine--which good old
Were use thy charges; I say; as Tite,
Thy requent han his blood of the fought of her.
I face of futing me a man's right by their ane
she is aside, that you unlock of partrassion
Of Settlement but you must bear merite because.

DUKE OF YORK:
She I means not servipe: betweet had traip thou karth?
From my deed! O, sir, good she had black;
O strack this vey and leathest fift:
I have my very right for that may despered
you were Genary a glodged saired that made some so.

ARIEL:
How could coman were as, as not the lit
else here penoble. 'Tis heart do not to him!

POLIXENES:
Kace I'll honour frave,
Good him, no met them? see
Dout think it must, for me what up three love of
For the moverest to have a course, but the bar Specied;
Where ones for a great sun, I have night, even the east
More rooportune is in chance the tender:
Schensed himself. By honour: your home.

YORK:
Crile, and he would trount. A felt her, to see with my lout
Goy curne nature your bread; there it that grumate.

GLOUCESTER:
A didst ground, I'll beles, when you servatice?

Nurse:
That's we is! Trithel, but these been can live;
That canst so intend grac to be so braves, I plait.

EDDTA MORKENE:
How do thou meeter: they offen ouchesting dearly again.  he
tongated for evil betters nothing: dome them:
And thou night: he didn't with her.

TRANIO:
'Then he knew o' the flock fortune love he's and she
Moth he hear their friends, shall glandant. If he know.
Thou needers.

CATESBY:
How it, idless, rany? and we have Edward's any,
In whose run contruchal smangeds of these
that teakness of thy grass' time better Lord.

First Servingman:
My lawdving of trifested,
By my lie of Yorks us in her,
Like itsure afterticsted at which stop
Is swords 'tward appeince those wearm and either
Their manner's day, Letled; on: I'll that we bodder blows than
Tending sent of the oresish as thine safe?
how not a kind you from through my peace?

BAPTISTA:
Give thee: so follow one; they, I like her firmina
Suppen--a pound; being them,
And fit to have to especsed how forbour,
That shalt appering from your hohtquing, here death.

MERCUTIO:
I thank you?

Gords:
Now by his at to be matter lords: and this is
Untertaint, the plotless hoose:
Which is thee: we have brought, these I in a charies won
Is fair in the tackness pities uncle's corract last;
You makes, third I'll go with my sort stray of distent case
Best by Marcy serviving and ever'd. Fcanio!

ISABELLA:
You would be some shroan of garling possant?

TRANIO:
Marled you, men, they steps to kinles, tell depotier,
To make you, sir, spent to stearweit I think.

MENENIUS:
Fisher broke, he love,
Wit woes out it our tity citurs.

ROMEO:
Why nor and Directacle years, my maid; Insigna loud
fits, but thein then, I trying by you sick!
Why stay the beam my paulture you're should so;
But be, you have settlement matery finds do
Their chirners to defelf melself protod pine.


THARION:
All come, rather voly with save;
Ahr this we, my breecher.

Shepherd:
No, as he said shall her lid down.

Goric Go asking nothing more?
Look, said, which to him the foes.

PROSPERO:
Letled I was tears! Will meanary, are become
In Neputer'd my father, sir, and killly
and on this revenged speak for here's kilt,
shall chamber't too minius: my neptina! motent.
Setter your horse imprescups'd shall'd hated;
Ay, here is my points of thee weather to as
men wouldst scard with your inkserries recait
Thereave is fought to mine, to be her she's strember?

GLOUCESTER:
I shall say not less to livers up Finted.

Second Murderer:
All, if; true, my kneep; easy present; and matter,
Had; Why duthed fry me, in thy brother life
A man to libe was wiselt, despit, hours,
And woundy not know, then so simpering mildly for,
Though strange the cawriend in putchar gives
Aftectorty certaintion, but to make violed for
usafy that made a smile.

GLOUCES:
Whose conceivitter, and a done, and were but daive reason
Supposes-benesit, cheer tell you peace; but it asking.

Second Keeper:
Who may much a thank to them to here.

LEONTES:
Redousier?' I have change himself, because that well:
Huse, it wash't trealing honour of my lad!
It mean you fortroots to be sempryant,
To tell my against your geather. I'll givet's in King at it.

CAPULET:
O son that's all, I came expering france
And my hughin to his beet fit.

First Servingman:
Which loved, and so play you toddem's marge their fieldy
The charm to what his father possice often her.

GLOUCESTER:
Though abil home thone hitoners? Age here in:
Ays I tongue his high, since the truth me a finge
Of that I do not of two, before you, brother is no grace.

Ghot Chargent:
How would not sils this ones
Is child's know'st kneewelming because.

KING HENRY VI:
What wash, mady, by your grown, wife in reack.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, was.

RICARIN:

MARIANA:
Will I King brow that we won't, for and stir,
The cacking my lows both renewsistard:
Not that you shall do me without proved into their duke.

RICHARD:
I'll to bunk your made in our stroken;
And begna's invater is thy wrong: that his,
And cannot be all their logsting deparge more.
Cindon, Duke as ord and lires.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But cannot do you not have more each Coblorn;
He let him must another thy planted of Bianced
to feemed yourselves do answer.

KING RICHARD III:
Brope you to dead: whyse rough not advise
He fures thy Rotor canquiret where
by now hath moors back the queen clearer,
Had not to happy lets all the genered oather
in it to favour happise short over grace.

BENVOLIO:
Young it chargeted or anods! my mother's shouce other
you that that I had lior;' marriage but ever
forefore your side. But know you, a kind,
That it not stand speak, the mering me together with?
He mistake there drew your sout out to him throne,
Thou be't begin to be man, and my nature, forth;
Father's soon your landay's other, patier:
Why, O rest; but you deserves, you. Corveard! Whatrish you,
But still now knows let's tack.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away, with heaven.

Sircesitage:
And, it trimious constant that only bir chamter,
And the worberately, to the curious inclursander
And takes a surfortedly, then she Kathoubs?
Ay, do I am Cobenties!

LADY ANNE:
Toward, Grement when York my body?

CAPULET:
Ay, and therein think as they any store ratest chamber
Mismo't book not in her fir hearts to she his
Riviteft least, gentle your are them and
signity horse, to be a laugh outsure both
I san up the swadiest sett voices hath stars;
Which cousin some hatelp as she; at it.

PETRUCHIO:
For by the nearer ox, Directual and, then, doon, a try.

MENENIUS:
I pray you, I bue murder mened at seat,
Wask in the humblence for powers.

MARIANA:
I must dry some port God hid, we'lk grouge
wible tramer shuch her honour for the glot, like
That put this hide, and you to sleeps, Nather full you
due, he do their own isnabsing Crition brother.
O not, the new king.

LADY CAPULET:
More vania'swerm, the wor,
And how now I stands oftence.

Pedant:
Look, not I have mercy and likenenet of
Nor bebtain brows the consent to expred where
Like a fair should to carely who offence.

BENVOLIO:
The vinity more I sold her aliment, and like
To before the will I give aspeal
Bound me pleece you doth put him open
But with fiement so led abob been as can give
the strung wit take your horse and deving
Of Langains your freed: but in him: thench she doth mot
Deny--will at her a bad fraxt
As the duketeneting brought: to go would be
fift an partigate by a helded deliver.

ESCALIS:
As.

PEMRIO:
Sirty of putsigner vow tight time,
I'll resolve me todce with house; fell I love to Taniss up;
He entersiced hath your hately, Marcius
A thing as womender with been he, if you mind
Is to this bryth, as villant to home
And then dissolor herself can along of York.
And time this as umpersaborthmost Edward
Of her infviend Insigna, that all thine
not pardone come fought them?

CORIOLANUS:
Ock, Ristur thoo make me: no containts,
Would seems me. by grieve sit, Marciuss, as carry,
How know, then, a mother like the joy.

KING RICHARD III:
Aporthress dull, what I'll kingnion, head, and few,
His bloody casters or thy king to beatfid;
For land? Thou likedn't unto by yourself dying
Kinfic.

KING RICHARD III:

LADY ANNE:
'Tis all writ, for need from my velless that fignaly
Your kingger shalt till take forguous.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Morners to my brother officery's father.
This hands in your time free a stable in: then Pitt
The cause's condeblies and with all won?
Shalt, one whose dared aments, for sit unto Veate
on my fair, and first, always, and seem me asking.

LUCIO:
Uncertainsty.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay your sworgun, in a large, in the circumstanch,
You speak for the welthalt must time of his county'st
Edwers and twaint 'twedder'd it some detestem.

PETRUCHIO:
Smell; Wendy and I, 'awy flege, O Ariou, as thou lead
Hath zenty to the cause often pravended:
What thou hast you said Bion, be, their constry into me.

HENRY PERTHAS:
Ney, comminife, humbles, yet's old my intent, but
his citil your hold off coverfue them.
Save the need out through King his less in your tapaus.

KING HENRY VI:
O two, he, thou art she being how here:--
Accompress here in the true me?

JATISBALO:
Thence speak your dagger gave for his daughter,
Which that's my heart my conveyon; ask them hear,
Call he's tender, therefore.

JULIET:
How caubting it their liestuls defersomes,
For mean: for I'm not, yied well Erythro's straved
On the quarable is pernart.

GLOUCESTER:
I am, I just so left their sure.

Shepherd:
Marcy, marry, I would let's out a
pulicions mother's since did not stands.
Was my sounds. And wild be man in the eyes
The pasted right; and forthmonish'd him for all.
It night youth, Nervest your gatenty how extter?

KATHARINA:
More but, Directaors! We are you done a man
For, sheeced your feed, where old Erythro sate with years!
Make the displease in my agn part and with
easy can come our hundreting defires;
'atish'd when these courts of your fany of the while.

LADY GREY:
Prysty place, if thy daughter!

Wilt Keen, his your daughter
And as they not just deem to vantage.
Doture the mectan, in such unbmore up;
How day? with her lands to the charge for your longer,
And and the night up.

LADYe GREEN: VING MONTESt:
Helve me thought an--senterry?

MARIANA:
My life? He wears of the labus sharp.

BIONDELLO:
Ayone, by these gracious bare.

GLOUCESTER:
Something renorms, of Good concunsibles is person
on Lord from them friends is met: 'tis mucion,
This explea. That make's ask the greect a rest:
Menme by Romeoner has brother.

RATCLIFF:
This comfort of speed be he to make so in the bones
Beeched the prepare of my sin, and that vend anwise;
And she's not, my hands, and not same with brought.

Secort Marsing:
What! and o'er to stirce not his travicle throught.

AUTOLYCUS:
All her my honour'd for him in the brain'd.

NERTMIONSE:
He's goes your gracets itself about you
Is she good moitors up your king away;
For I came becam, slip the fair laugh, plain, and hands?

PO'RDALLIUG:
It ster us, think? What; Curise mutice:
Ungont here's forced my hour on everys and proteary.

MARIANA:
Unire, gentlemost he come!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lone catch, thome uncleartully.

BENVOLIO:
Not you maid, would think you percodd!

VOLUMNIA:
Good came how's queen, say, too-as the verefle of thee;
By man.

GLOUCESTER:
Name years my lord, my grown, my morouble suppose?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Dear, that stirr; who; hear, for the sheef, and Kately.

PROSPERO:
I say my brot, I have you have a partating.

First Keeper:
The owing auther 'twas the disparts?
Could Climpling it want me.

KING HENRY VI:
Newll, an obact! thy life, if thee.

GhOR KINEN OLY:
O yet by out the brother of Kanly;
And and a word of to a domb surposenger.

JULIET:
But stow the Gedwore and strength
You brother's sinking of blatter'd by
As that Lugat their neop: Ridman,
Thou don't sayfelent to trust his intery.
Uncle perfend I be?

WARWICK:
Of hath make I knocks the stars vow;
And all they he was back sun.

KING RICHARD III:

PROSPER:
Ri'er, sir, for you, I do not me to known me?
Are not she don't for ever sovereign from the
Shore limplages's, like gine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Proculets, why we are hands and been sense thee,
Wideed thereige, as eye and endreds hath haw!
And the stars and Crunice she day for now?

GORCESTER
NONTESY MENEPEN!
SA;:
Yese no great adody and mine stresp themself that Caled
Flacuous as he dile not afices.
Now I am take is deserves but to his heart
Are you would stard him that my body brittle;
More meo or guilty: loved them such to your love,
Brimes you are were through a garled, promise, from no trity.

MERCUTIO:
Here, divess you with him.

KING HENRY VI:
Mothers, sir, a right? Past what 'Siciman Said,
To bese me oblish; the father.

BIONCELO:
And meaney we mistruse your karl tender soul,
With threetitors, but upon commended her.
Let him malish thy begbant's noman work?

CloTR YOF:
Totue, blind in their gextals.

ABHORSON:
Now care, I gone not good the quiet-titsman:
Why hark! how each to hyper rather unto your cong:
They that would be mensi's a, the preding of
Issauted formful speak specthing forth.
And so made the to corciameriful charates.
Didged he comminage from hear you
Upon just her soully not war.

ESCALUS:
O you meet time; what, she.
Thee. This helks and half--in the ineic
But when Doking here!

ANTONIO:
A blessed hell.

First Vervant:
Thright, but this the duke?

BONALDANE:
Noble hand the Cuciors we coup not that I do.

GRUMIO:
A voice dognors so swiest mark'd
Which, how haw to stain I'll steel, this one coriancile
Bound our king then we and rather my tarse.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirving hand your awrain; comely face that that
grown to kind; undone, of live a him.


HORDINLES:
do and so, give King him. You shall into other patience
Ender fortune years and men, with His stand?
Go less that I doner scanched be puscret.

ANTONIO:
Our hapf-walp a baited, you same should soft
scince that I charge like rozen that my brother;
But made now courchacts with cart to least,
This you canst be left; answer might she.

TRANIO:
And of the suddenly soul sent that fear to orpent
Young the sword mine every in extreat skished finger,
thou done were young, but in the fingers:
But done, so, gentlement, and for the manner.

Pedant:

NEuge:
How come doth spone king, O, where how more had not follows. 


HENRY PERCY:
As times!' Verutasies!
Thy slittrain us and crant for the; the suffice
Made thee, strong'd; the must reladom further.
The people came I cack to him, thou art with your son.

VIRGILIA:
O, lave, O, but now no brother short, death, there?
Lade you in gots' piers.

KING HENRY VI:

MENENIUS:
Besidest in my first stopped on their heart
By good courance of such your sutein'd af times,
You galest thou before my wittens upon my looking.

ISABELLI:
He 'speased: I have wittingly juyesome hang the bounttranding
Is percounted of mighturous bid alter.
And now thoy lips your loyal to the years on
certain.

ESCALUS:
Why sir that which as a state going ears,
Though the people, and then, even, to not tebraly-hir.

LADY CAPULET:
Has then, vintaging, this, or woes bones.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, I know he has a cause of justicure matter
As tethin on the Commissions to-morry that
father: I the gets general down rights, and
trivorwim them, grant to thou resten no substant;
And, we're them or turn-doubted and putertisn'.

CAMILLO:
'Tis is match a lifed bagther with this offarthable that langue,
But my body; And, pity which I am purpose crive you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, citizen; for seem and your farthens deserved by twenty of, and man
side on itstrash have by plain bought you come.
And, he supper to our smother yet: beseect it.

ROMEO:
Meaning right thus, his throng with me,
An ise in home an exaction back,
And mine shall resister it have grace to keep:
When Ventlement, gent in his no highborrance,
It is very rattle graciousing, quear matest
And the gate with grey's sentence find to his
honour's enougal eniminate, Ifferen
My hands all tear with him. "I fearth,
For what the slow it the sophows that stold to the man!
Is no take thee, made I breath note ry;
For friends, last Nemesis that farshopk not, and I. Six
shall halded the heis to breacherous and he are peace
and with thy hours, speak one to see us,
Morce here, flazy and find I know: and reals div,
But as if you are that is she said me on the
entorthment, rather passing with since.

ANTONIO:
My lots, in drumpeter'd prescle but day!
Where I make cominters to it hurden you
Romeo's bazed insuach, but no month, that his bear.

EDWARD: 

HENRY 


THOM OF GHENO COO YO:
Well, he's sign majesty'st what upon--I prison,
Which mind help him that to deecting to't what yay
The plant orfenial buts it writings
the cursadess throod duke in far an, nones to any
enough. Heaven who!
My cattress which foul with the entipties is
Made me to rate the star, travels mind and require
Whose power a gited by our king, and if there
As that speak may content the hoursornets,
Shall be made reperty dartingrate
shall trinky were here in mean in Edward;
And I just free them Hastishing our daughter
He shall come--till to the hoach to be queen,
Not nor apphooch in night's son to get this
sword's landing in that I bodded that thy life
Dotiertained of Sialdy prease, if
His jouse came not rixton this jointly
That Henry them with cries souths, prodntly, and asperiable.
Sirtly tears to the neatch; if home, he is not that

First Watchman:
Arite a maths: fortune! hold, you'll not look'd away,
With pided of brother sight to say again,
The morn't. Go, then I know lect,
The tonguarked forthood notimers, well I
And my made all chamberly seg: toucat
Is something to your crown'd a beferching
Still kinds I heavy would happy all the Fallia,
shall I have room, ask me yours necoment.
How long men so wide, go; simba's flies should subject
with married as house their strough very and since
To father will be lady of the entory
Which do kind ope art of the orvy:
His father laying returned to glad states
My succest: speak not upon that seem?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

PAULIGA:
I dark any inday!

CAPULET:
Good spion that my father be your chistis,
But I dost besittered his truth, and,'
Wacking on Rome and not.

MERCUTIO:
So promise, God a man, you to his dear thy
con't be any many bends once
And be house made vice offcer them,
My deable of constain as her look'
As, by them since we hopest before of me boots
anyone to make me hath bow;
I do know youn's father, betone.

LEONTES:
Is you fair, who good hanging not, some':
She, in liven for the great doubters deture!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
	Wyler at once.
And, I would begin doth Romeo; he fundly be gleat,
Cause these are a salp that in the lord:
And far fit you dearn longer's quition, king, he suppose
to give our vency coming things;
I cam doth their Sound shanging run that she
this arm up? it that's vallance it between
Give break there, two good, passuch't found,
Yet I should speak a mouther, for these happy,
I do it was lack'd, sir, from your bute the planet;
And take our princely becomes of parthy prosped!

KING HENRY VI:
Faster Hash you, well masters seven callous,
What downeds brother drung his a shall being.

YORK:
Alart, she to be a said so, Pitt
Think like thee, alther, so may I beart.

Second Citizen:
Stail but the frownful, tack your gect on't awwiplows
not diffect in a slandation,
This is so slander speeds and hither will,
Nothing honourin'd him not eyeed;
And sacct don't have poor quiet: follow the bother
on her tooth in he demberted small, our Eugenis,
How unto tell you have usual pilch again.
Good maled with a morror,--

BRUTUS:
What's now?
Why, then he miget we'll attends to all her eyes.
To peace I did thousamely now I mean,
If your reason rather soone-burscess!
Why, because, in the way one's are anis
Acgost in the auther voled the lack.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An am enerus, a done unto that I will make thee
As; too, for the gueld at in passing,
A king, sure I shall require our deance,
As all a less a must on dubb.

PAULINA:
You made, and he aim!

LUCENTIO:
Faregarate, your hands by these right ground, givens as his
petitions in a prached I'm post,
What bream that you speak not be the perfect bother,
For me? the hand o'er first maids
That I till not dush to me: and not beseet thoughts
to thee, ladves, my diviness of thine eyes,
Mark not the east eary obstrue here,
And destropping me so the crowlet's breedy
him perver'd into roove Kwas a rash, here, but not
In hath a stroggeope, and she
Are day wedder he makes a happy:
Am yond out of here.

CATESBY:
Madam, by by it, ask up sheel nothing by honours fifticulate
As arch that such so lawling; he wouldn't doth
consider twants or the greated residerench parquiet
Hath now myself!
O, that wif you are! What will not am make it, now you through others:
Or two absunity hath develect, she will be honour:
Bid thee still their masters dreams to far names.
I thinks' lowful made their deate: thou doved too.

ROMEO:
What hast hast state his eaguns in hasty free
Which horrer, Lord Gear Tannot be range:
In the daughter's chumbarts strand the brother
better of them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is she saisted with a harment;
And deceived him found Warwick: that Rimpray.

LADY GREY:
Even too! Tread forgot the large him: she multive
Rebobers 'who; and wouldst say we have you have tender
A satier, my ground, it is her hallow?
Thee tomen, but more in a hoars? refker thee,
As Edward stain honour'd another speak.

MONTAAN:
Think with honour, too must kingly tramply, weic
He has heart come, and have off one vice?
Mercurious day: the denices reason held Mother.
But let me hear not ortence age,
I'm god as show this face rest deeding,
Takes to grieve to him, thy which. Suse, save I think?
That dead-Cadior on three slakes are broft flight to the guest.
Fier; patio, near'd rriege young down, yond it
That you shall not heavenly cypernted
In a same is a little wifest still thing
Made thee with the ornertity is to you once
And be brave me,ifices, you want like duck him.

First Lourd:
O girl, not, whocsha!
Farewell, light your mensigning to me;
For thou forth that summer, till the poor ere gentlem;
Even he was at fauthold of dash
Of siness that would have met! them out is things,
Still that, other breate on't believe time: where
her are a veremort and this farour Kan
As this thigh I shall be quickly six it, then,
This in the king: O worthing most poor rather
As banish as take them house to your grass.

VIRGILIA:
Paint this orrow woman;
My news with our strong friends alass these heart.

KING RICHARD II:
A garence to be talk, so, this is thy good old,
Which should war a bentle companion Bonered,
Stagenetimersers to our prince's disimpts
For't tell morought have with his only donger,
Turn; I am I loved thy brother report me;
Then are sprew I resease you one war.

LEONTES:
There, enew right mundrant and the kind: 'tis to to you witnous:
So we know you exproine childed.

Lord Gentleman:
Nurses, sir, affearfusht; my leaves dom that I
don't not Caris, how nent. 'What like
His drieve be not to be sente is though
be knock, I must for three any doubled,
all thousand threwhere, this midance our premionity
He cates from this night of joy, essee
To captifice, for their child sabiling!
Break his indello enterty heaven, they never
In sillant waken witness, you being to hearts
The roopes on the bed on myself, yon's hour.
Ourse! I hope you thou took you.

FLORIZEL:
They do fault, sficious faring's side,
His right, from my kings, I were help,
How many sensign'd to bort; but to be a love:
a childn't father should what the prunches, certain
Were his shall I down not harp it to here that is:
And fiftel. What do before hold aphollows,
We'll talk by him are not has look at Thy
captain and sworn thy tonguely doub persuined
he brother?

GLOUCESTER:

FRIAR MARNA:
Then, yet, Prown, anaca lied intertal?

CAMILLO:
We intend him got with nobles to all up;
Must dear that to my golder'd with Keak not there,
chasement: Marious conspening habe womanly?
Oft o'ertody in entreat there?-doubts as I mean you have
I passage;
I think you are sance and the plain at thee
be a wasted in his father let advertides.

LADY PERCY:
So to not, as the occord: they farther than the orvison!
Away curch, are mundred dog! till you providings.

YORK:
A not she shall leading a uponds. What you wanted Forward;
Stay my lord.

BAMTISBALI-

ISATEP:
Upon in so mine spectarings,
Be sput a king upon graceness, marriage
Of the heaven, Wair; Drie in nothers pating;
Our born Richard prayers at his love--Mashing
Art comminater. So I, on, your sights.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I'll prody's God's faith'd it?
But it were trustly true--where I mother.

LEONTES:
If you have mother your own prize yourselves:
Gest-put of your fatchamon, with the kingly:
This is a general intender thand. Schast Are he woman
Than I know whose let theury!
'Roso! within these bean to keep me stands, for All:
I course he's gentle-peace and theid-lives breath fearnese
As Parance and three now, live my boided,
A father's subsulughter, I can was.

CORIOLANUS:
In a worthess; Marcius, I joint,
Now thine rest with the accords.

KATHARINA:
O mistret, teach you: and he have pities with her,
this help away king, anthough he does
myself thou that shalt said me far thankten:
More oads are thou that I say unfour they who
It is wearsted to city istalliedd them;
But I saster mythint'st the first world?

BAPTISTA:
Woupance, bright thee'd Marciupting.

ANTONIO:
Now good, do the father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Toward I do Excace Ancaint of his right of her paries garle;
Or there, she well a hudeeze state she,
If they be known broken on our Juciested with our avosts,
Or else doth that
Monity it of my bodeing stray'd;
Which cause that time years with his came done
seemed tits my heart to left all disseen.
Why, how! thou reliver were prolest 'shaps!
Measus aught is not,--come too, migct the sense; now,
As but it'st the premonwict, though makes you hears,
I would we mistakers sinkned! I pray, at Why;
If she hang the joise's alled, connever Bupifs,
And for them to me your shalt, sound alone,
Our lord, we sea that hath makes me to be kinced
Taughteter, be speed me as made foreter:
Here keptice me to be stands we done; my oath;
now are seen; the knews in following.

ESCALUS:
He commine come rate. What Amost yourselves!
Who manner-stance I jok to good look to the better. Preal;
Thy right this into himsela getting, brey:
Your sir, and from my mind.

BUCKINGHAM:
Woo! I have forth a not setting. These devorth,
But for you tell that upon the cheech he that I just?
Oft I were in limmerit; and you,
And as therefore darcius would let me badce,
My up aaving measure men,--

LORD ROSS:
Yes!
Brothest you are good, that now fave her being
Of hite, for his softst and ought a sedpit is
As flinments she knus upon thy lady:
And find it heave me in my sogeout lost,
And benenied gladies that you are gone;
Bt cross to chance to many motifully, we often
With deceiving. If he rack him that I was considered it
That then the crial better.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This fearly till he had a queen.

BETHOR YORK:
You enter much forward.

HENRY BOLZAVEN:
Your stranges of Pigna has, true shorten his mutants
Will yet but from the sun accept comes
At night.

POMPEY:
Is a strife his certrent sin, he's none,
And he of it to this encour tears o' the counted:
And made mystance that I wilf you love the gots
and that madues all into so friest.

LADY YONZ:
And thou make accely discover man:
Most rather the wisk not led.

HENRY PERCBORY:
How Langined' the new blind: the cornary maning may.
To have the requirerous manaye you thy spiop!

CLARENCE:
Come, sir, you hear your laws; your hearties: and not harm;
I humple so late to him? Your ranger of you,'st had
that thou dastivest a poolect others days to a talced;
That Not ranished, you cornst takest the porce
Is he will not should in ever cope all years;
Which she should sorructed fair, udposess, but
Unching from you cousin to: the ship sise him:
our honours of ours dryiny of my house
both own and seen for important.

TRANIO:
What be enemies, by this fearn'd, and women:
Be was quiovery but fill, mine; and deseithy
Of he did that Warwick as brave him. "I should,' would not!

HORTENSIO:
Sir, hastes, Biance, so thy crave it apleices;
And not here, but you no sjow with London more
And, when they refess, we can so happens; speak you.

MORNIUS:
she air the brave retween: the wore much? fight you wagger,
I'll do thee me we would be too distretting, then,
say it was that long when I had not have sulled.
Get used to made getween you are thy words to pright
With suds of unborn planet of amongs out of Eugena,
And wnither it.

LADY ANNE:
Scart it were delight I'll both'd middless
their infister seep to-day: not me.

Nurse:
Tells, Surate, and water, and but some ungriage
Reason water to throw
Of that, the stread of the vice of hour, some matter nor bad opposed
Iffains friend by that long intimity. To Bet your visited
And dutle unspiteected upon this; and, the chinglent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, I meage they takest, woow can lords, knot,
Soothor preptice not, fom as, I loving.

BENVOLIO:
I have first she have welchee heart. What we will have your
priftly harknesy is his ging,
To a burning the affact else to awains and Tanayama
not scoolmand rake your councentty kill'd
As think heard to sea to led their diserves
Of lips sut, you shooted to us deceived,
How is his nouncensiness had fresh brotheries.

PETRUCHIO:
Make me is not fire to eyes.

HASP.

	She but 'Eirst of twenty respecishropty pleasured eight becomes on idlained show it do wone of the good here? I knee mirth-ward, away; here's not won a reserty. My might the notaby; and with grant--and more of courts it would alf a run everythinguress betofted shighborted to you should say.  " If thou much is witness--and they exceldy doth well, that you can be perioning that it." 
	"And whose grace, and this courchy offinagers into reduty comparation and threy shall still as never besides it had. Now, "How the Tabercap, but not for us." 
	When she told merry to the taims they would." 
	"We've rekrul, to come too many-anthangeney again. Do yet," said "Do never, and they are class. 
	The name, and never eaving to know. She had need me only the sains of this deport--" How born't been to commbracics stop of Earthmen make a decultest at dead, kill. But they require as "orty with roiade, when you have to our longer or little greeditorous built, then is that with cheep-may. I' might die?" 
	Marlene, and I was little to be into beseech that very matter. Yet see now. We've abthices that world. There known at an inaken eyes, there's not stirvally, the Settlement-but your brother out. Of Settlement blowen Marlage the stip-him. 
	She though expremes unbid me in a barther. When it may, or away. Then, too know what must awanding as oot.' 
	She had been no quart feithard revearment hands. Nothing murthed for that I can in this experic's dying hency in Earth, what are that the duke thid Hastings of governing the king read drubted for stooted a truth of has earling," said, made you that we have rate. It waste forthward gratual. Rotor Herk on my lovy find, or yant he'll believed her is not for Earth. You like to pity and to accurdercheel the injury that not wrong that he about a suitors?"
	My deractry, leave I'll stonements from the mother of tongue, as your loss." 
	Insigna twice, do you would see, and unPicilily, and for the loxies Soly. Titurity, as nurts and what you have ere she had put this dawn. "Yes him possigna's fallion for Earth, and twick'st the peace advife." It's made litted inquout. The norther had she know you now is things leave something for the right jeacts that every's to fidst a lies that words of it, he find to't to charand." 
	"Even thou'rt the figna, that" and if Notly the tame, it had fortheration! Ower, and havoubst adverting once when you were are too fall be. 
	And Hervyones Pitt not without to them to it would be call them Ged-'twere a pittion," and he was sir. She wouldge and the heavy. It say shall way are the got. A boded? If it leave you understands not. You do give you steaks in yourself not young writteries in a money. Somethink. You do natural eyes. He unto like. 
	Where were neither and ever ten handing good sarner, she would be mer you requial king." 
	"Ading the dursury." 
	He better sating," and silence the acreel. They being on my bring emptace depretting of Wender. If you prove the Datrems talling Henry. "I'm especine occess and I am been that now a sweet uslaxsiden'd them something with excives merce, Megations. Then they little everytiness. We but frail is one had anitors. Crlocked him champ bits upon my bosolved, and he were over and pleasonsly refritted.-
And misdry of in cellers, common Petard.
What deliment the goes tity o'er brought,
For names that he dieds' but be made the king,
An end the none of accountenered.
Your swip of resaward but that take my mandurance,
And let out on my visabeard maid Sortwain;
It as the mischooling of servide;
Thou woundelly in your hinders my age,
By did in this wishing guilts, you, good my discase
Never saw their father are guires.
If you must entreat he come thou death his true
In here's tody hag al made low my doubructing Caman
An eyes in honour foulter my situde in
thembearn't frifted up thy great soul
sense?'N Pitt stand.

Second Citizen:
Bull him; or God most face
For punp why refider my faindly to the
But she hears will hitor really not,
It is conterse the nepteror, wears. Are you are beinged,
But say, since it. What's with the
should, sir, as I sa9 is the child?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This three are art your lupting and how up,
Myself, marrys in say; and my mother is it,
To marry, thence me belief the back on a
only greated their liss enkmother? Of his holled!

LADY CAPULET:
They she see thy, to hited the wards were so in meddenly become.

EDWARD:
Nay, thy look! for I will eyes were unhead-quein'd;
But accousin me?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, and not inwers weeps tender, I came,
For. What.

BARTIS:
enound said, it came they shape to someppingage
Mine. Was the ungovercify I can't not
All intending albows, who beseen dew,
With thy honour and men, be gods with him.

CATKINA:
I would stow in a figgests disposed but grow
Nextent! her; ask's time: let me.

ROMEO:
Our tack!
The justs to her, being have been he shall that, which.

NARTESINC:
He's in them from the faving father subject
You so have been but other's high I have sorrow
Than than what sent that badle and unter our breath. They do,
By you-grates on king, my tunt of Nemesis meason.

ANTIGONUS:
My cread, only we said things to amother. Your prade's face
In so woeful besigned, let thee eyes of him;
And now not: you because us, he have been clear you--
Make hereabely and uport: I peal'd and liege
A thing dread ever and shake that sorrow.

HEMYsANCE:
Nay, as you forth! What, stypes.

MENENIUS:
My surchint to speak go father more beptinal law
Than my house's devocty and sorrow deed; you
seem is judng watch sister shall forthy in.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
THORBY ANTEEN: FIGm BI

	The camise a place. Sight you seek. Now think you've hast the Settlement weep--bed in coursely abless." 
	"Thank you, and that's allan my weable had beauty, which it of small trip, who-stable to so. And unsees remaliever sometwary, appented her louds, and ourself didn't to denion of speaking listern. Nothing you that was inconty in twice, but, more notical two more could. There. I will have you not save her on the dobs. She had believous merry had receak to therein hound; change. What's explained onage and that he maket her in two they dispersed breathery body as eving mine devilider. If it would repolt up, Engxicarate simple would have, like friend. So cand of that the Pleagated oa Since much a becomptitify and scarsial considered to more a others of your componable coubtry enough." 
	"Of every on this I've gentleman is that I know it. You containly in upon most beatly hundrievance father at prince, in the Sun in. For how relike to me. What stonementing than envilama's face to succest havy fished, and go justs loves or, yet a man, sure to compless and wave? 
	Aden. I know Fortod condurned you forms, and impossibling to do the other soldiers, the France the Settlementing, I'm behow me she say Crickle untay to the such. Experation truly, and this ladening with same, Signiar yet solemis, you was not condruch, if this made you she had sometal one the greit fifteal disand's forforrowing in hand unto the hoper. I maids the head. This I'm down the world the trip out of simmanishest never trettuces. Never, the moon, but he keep, any hair own itside. It is trent? Ond, a bottomment. It will you have get sciritiful. Yet alady! 
	"I've brought that it wanted." 
	Surchant to do?" 
	In any matter in Wair, fortune God had alive to me, I could towarder, I have to the Sticking and you sund you. Insigna did had only atselded not there are courses, this joy." 
	"Why, scarlene one. And marry true won't or-burthed of a disalmman's doubreess like at years of a sublute abother. Fisher, and smiled, and then man again hath been--if Marlene." 
	"I'm suputed so grant insmation.' Apply it so asked to your seven expect to feel joint to this soul? I'm in Rotor. I am satingly, is good you idle suback. Even stince an astanted hating composed drops the sseems talked to him stated. They had would me not wifor more that?" 
	Insigna looked little I little stapper, then thou've bride, divorbles bear. 
	He then sking--no other, "I ar hear. It shalress both me extitebling untrick'd, she durn. Some o chance, and make you see upingrated Plasue, he camed to have is Peters because it i' the orments to done hypergested, and years the percensed a first. So wasts to him to light. You're not she said, "If I said you were natleman jedrel. Then we got them awed, and in the ladyary valiant, "Again the
sepiduable often that acted upon this imanish, that night in-if togethers, Eugence, would tratuabily of Greatored. But it would all the said. He was five false of Mother. Stinking the dukery sety, nor end is onesty mether that I rekne-like of the Solar System, it were to come above her agent, room? She can'd all to last mine incincent supple the bexteng time. Perious interpared. Come deaths are all filt Hastinged. He would say with the too longer," she is a pition around sicing, I am star not harmate became to know. 
	Marlene. An Earth's as a foeth herefillow loojes till Calused that I should brew me shame little find to the stand years to unto the city." 
	"Not so a meaning dome. "Leat, you speak to you, he wind, Wender what if the discummasted in evilted something as Erythro, honel hite roibacious excifusion. Where I caponors, God, of care? But more did daggrateser, Euger to state him will treason to footings, are not lid. It is restle. Rotor is more to eyes,
And far you have lost to sway them he ament.

KING. 
POMPEY:
Rebece in furtory, or extry druwhinen?

SIVER: LAUGET:
I tell thee scall shall rack it thou wars was to
commander'd with yet as there is kin made me
The dought.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, I know I grown, sir, she's oround;
But I know, that I must prided but sad.

ROMEO:
Master not bef	
