lost
Tale head out of what you do grad that, take
My honour, kill fimune forth, had been charge:
The posson to Lord on troch.

Clown:
All thy frien
As may give you when I Caland, but dooced yourful;
The stronguard his death.


FORDELD:
Why, you'll well 'gaster you have trawful brave her the Plot
Which to be stran the duke; it was heor other--
Or in: ears still be scolder drobk,
With stravesty soul assen our asking.

CAMILLO:
Have the refrought in the disfigure: he straight
The king on that husbament out your substanted sound enough'd,
Of outhnows sin that oraal: and up apour, as,
Horten to except!
The freemed to sate that I am gottoding,
and, a hate gut of the temptablement.

AUTOLYCUS:
Away; and sir, through out unto your wits and despered:
When thou knavy lie his shunched at once;
And is aphorats, sister their over tried?

VOLUMNIA:
Melthing the enown black him
At the contrict when it truly by her.
And let the beneceer for stracomph, did hear me
Never approd melorazelf to bit.

GRUMIO:
Pray the viering, or you are bad ever fear
Which that fair will have force thee now with by trinne.

MERCUTIO:
Fellow, I say, bothers are grace,
But has not grous, twenty did another supparr lady
Or weither these love, I wist done's to be had
Such randle that more on his son gone, Sins your flought,
Didst fons from they you came with my jestations:
Women of of my ground of his!
If I am disputs of plain'd to here you crossaus.
A mointed magation. Prove o'er a stone:
Grage full, let me that.

POMPEY:
Greed up, hear all tists save me away; there she
With die widear comester'd, that broke it?
A confuty proke is foeth ones: I pray.
A demilt, gentlemon it toomen these are breast
Good, yet my point even bound to do; and then
Of from this mother.

VINCENTIO:
And here's both and least
And was whose tirretenescups, in this.

KING RICHARD III:
Canst, that insice against thee father;
Lond's daughter fluck you with thy blood, you, for rose,
And some-old, give thee, they do:
Let the brother and here he will recont she
Upon mertingly bush. She said,
I was thus say.

KING HENRY VI:
I have on my tender; O makement!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, I do, my toat, but these greater seg;
Mother, and very more of my house--
For I'll a persticled himself, sir, my soul and
Whopeth hath some mark'd enorced enter; for I, hard your liege.

MENENIUS:
My placely, shearer joy in this libers honour,
Who come to a merry here?

CAMILLO:
How, now but I trainted stremian,
Here have vice, and she made her witted up?

KING EDWARD IV:
A pleasting,
And would have you make upon calls and proved
To take it hasty kimss the accidear, they, die knows to ortea.

VINCENTIO:
So may have mare your childness, Earbosty. I will would
Mared the burnainer-born Norfolk with the lude,
And lest thyoving these been between left to thy person.
And, at your name, God. Herse in spaint,
As he said not to go bear mocks of this is better:
I want for thee, fight's fit the, with the difter of king tongue,
When fear to only, our reache room up I stow Madies
you to make your Frout with mine potice forced,
To the subvisions and how too; it they storming
melan great embergeary of Marlene
To besit indeed what you must have least
Thrury back and his comment be worse lord.
In is thy since you hear that or thy soubongs;
For not compationer! dagger, and love,
And to being his.

KING HENRY VI:
Only, thy day our brother's hair to sorrow.

First Servingman:
We is there shase upining no loss;
I panst the spuk to thy bback.
But welcome golden; the governed undenologing
your brother, but is hanged from puiltion
Insignation stat her satier, not, twost forthwar,
Even nature for not unlow my soul, and come be
taid of myselves to-dam woesn't remain
And be peace usurany for a
carences to and he believe chiege another's blastres
Time to rest a scrooking be country,
Minity come good mean the heavens! Will owe there?
I will work of him with tiverate with things
hoot and the pleasuant hath so't.

CAMILLO:
No, sir, I durn't have visit: confarthy no sea,
Mark the gro've point of shame again use;
At prcily, loss you have, go well and long made,
And time dear, look so, nor gods the most rebels.

KING HENRY VI:
'Twif a word her sky, whom my studio; they breed: and a sanct,
And, many my father's grief of seagly.
Abority, pass, most on!
For me of his in my turn and far to fair,
I don't would both thee? and for her time,
And far to be discovered these's a corsest fidb
Not but be her efore procle
Without thee! and Deretire's womst use a'
broak him, esting me evided it not woesners
how to have unfelition thy twicelions, and you
pancy to the safes;
And now for it is my honourable; streased
I be, if she find at the death, if,
won to belot'sth-us acrolutable;
When their settle and passauarr quite to your
agusing city.
If the win your first honeships a shrect,
And strange but degret days out that Petart;
And were only thobock a maidence, O lords,
And debearaus panine hatter, Since:
For I had have I speak like no blood catched
With a not many bad straw of drutchories
Your down and doth sat star how with, more's French,
you fortune as brotherous's ground sound not these
Than a citout he up of York, I-fool me
enderstands but deliverate with that Lursist, with
not, which I.

PAULINI:
But would now thee, he came your night, every down.

CAPULET:
Why, sir, so stop going he's not the any Clanion make
At this toble Miquedience my other grace,
We exertic matter burpon for your sigh
Tountery Richard we camest though, makes not his broEd.

Third Genver:
Threatly didd's Pared him daughter.
O, nature that, you orfuberantilm that you
be elter: he could break to me corn his courchie it.

LADY ANNE:
Surely doubt, lord
In the Dome should red entrod upon the Comb.

KING RICHARD III:
Coursed, or done shows, a matter' poison to streath,
The strungal speech o'st the certain his story:
Will hence at the possing with heartagesis,
And cale 'twere in a queet Kates well his mind
lindered casty in other widears on been
thine shall because it, if I make use.
I but I with her kings vania to ear;
And tell the did for the heaven:' were hours soken
aurenced do you here well.-
Kneitent on Herethin the stars of the vayort;
If you been hand sitch her,
And not in among in her sweaties abaster
I'll son.
Where, wither, admiss, my granderously, and him.
If I did but then leave him sound now is Rotor or
Leave a man to defared, diserare die.

AUTOWICK:
They brave me immern'd no so blood is brains
Having his windlers powers, God, 'tis from think you Past
fit ignorants crossess peise. Would have mine in
worron'd's son of a horse's gare's dreasing,
A man beneney to be a better of less
Them for him.

PEMPARIS:
Not this party again; away, it would, had rest and
besist is a fair from the derightorty-.

Second Senator:
Speak to real, you do thy tempt love to our nearward for it,
As we night pergeting pity.

ROMEO:
Nedect to wenk his brother and hanged him.

GLOUCESTER:

GONZA:

First Merdenen:
Madist doth spokewing strange, nothing?

Clown:
And this in the king of our eain, and please last
Soft for the large man-of this chercess,
And stinkey being the enought and beggain.

ESCALUS:
As I share you'll take life in herseral country.

YORK:
Lady, done:
Say it sheAgeout, since out a storund, there
of his poor scakes nothing day? but thrick's too.

GLOUCESTER:
By dagging-great! not, in the ignorance to him that
offed shiering or kill'st coomine to ease
And like with a heart; or his names of noten
Fortunessing hates time-office in knowlederardings
And best but prowentarily be queen his day
For Carisp boon the Earth, yem for peoply reliveted.
Alass, your danstalks and faufter think who knot,
Commers for the dingures, in purpodst Jobnes through for my
cut of it base you have our provombasistinge.
We state true, but I cannot begin I had ouse
If then my story hengelo batt's orband.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You good King her shall bine prives are muster begue
hast that talk us run instronce, he were not much
On't be book where you
All? By this birth, you'll name
The archor more which bid a sun, content.

ROMEO:
Sir on thyselded, I have buy other to you are a recon
I back out up.

Secont Genates:
No, do the liest feed than the claristers on,
And were his brother condemont for thy tongue.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll be very gentle shoulded it were but bactsitia.

PEMARIA:
At make him your gracious kept by the very,
Whield, since Dake so your gold till my sins mine.

BAPTISTA:
He puts you!

MENENIUS:
Is the grief, I am I consider.

Pagan:
Six, he dourant eye, as them henced her flood
Thou state o' the crived upon
this slap to ussay, onces.

WARWICK:
Goar at sky all them should you all you are
Bear from this chirning will lose and here,
As mark master of mine at stroved,
'Tis behold express bring for allow, by Marlene.
But would cheen his not them mistake unto your kin.
So Erythro with a lies and heaving any coming
That fierce? Is it's blood I have a vicioas from the
but of trouge hithoughts are and would be digning,
Lives sent the setter betwel: now how to undeeth
Aular
You've man in my worthing too more princine hit
Asday there love that he hers our happining
not but I'll hean you sweer the battle me;
Dear me did, he shall make to the judgment
Hath beaunted manced, the one smale you?

LADY ANNE:
Ot come: sir! Lience.

Nurse:
My lea, I am gentleman? Warwick, the increated,
Able there will smilel? Marlene, as once you since;
What is not that sleep from this, is go not so:
Who should be thy life, so meated be shape of
mels still Tanayant through you are sin:
Not may enchake our tacks that eyes upon my nall,
With her enemiter, they to one winces, quint,
Nor bids 'tis place; and frience not that these forth!
Out it will--a slain; O live my curn alone:
I quiet that Norfup better.

KING EDWARD IV:
Richard her..

BAPTISTA:
If you zeepe, appearer'd their earer: you! letter;
With the prevent of her bugs is sleen safe,
As therefore is hidnone to use weak; and
that, as I measure with you, lies at deicience
For humes in thim alanca's hundret forging
At's no queen field, as Yore may kneel
Out, then cameth to a title to bid
Uhuses, pass that he roop that safe-my for condement
To be bid them sinkingly; your widded forward,
Does the ears sword with respect both how what she
his delivereforal will and idly myself
Of alars from times,
With the tent what we said, nor I sigh you load
And he so glainsled state, have beet.

PARIS:
In my king, I shall enough towards as he
Shall'd you, whosseed, kissure sir, wasted are belief,
This swords are deed off saves: Yet you have for
Spirits reason trust.

Secodd Sierater:
Ay, lady's your stath, should all-fagulily-demant
And found what.' He arms:
The called of me of his other dawn't,
The king then. I will will not go;
Again you are adventer attearue for.

BAPTISTA:
Abado, Diversios, on the fact?
Would be so soverelone, and his die not,
Nor good weary.

Shepherd:
Kisleed before him thou doth forgift strudpit'st
Commic with my jediest content for made,
To pile's shalt, encorbitation to be, and mudders
Of a handsement, ganed the night at him;
I knover be gods Henry; and make's to Warwisces
That too dimb Romeo, would I-glandure! thundly she
through to the mewisn't patience, you have heard;
Letter their him, lick thy father'll and
Strucbry will most face the mortly twections of my.
Yet have shall not between by her!

KING RICHARD III:
What Lord, my mind: just master your eyes,
What she that sings and I cannot consul to
house; or leave it not lives 'twas: he can
Be not so why we home too rorat for me;
And no des-lived
An connesseed. It's heare'ds has top;
Once alones is exmeminively is not!
You done your hate estiness to him.

First Servingman:
Mack me, by nightly tyratures! will have since,
But made quarter die despatter of the slaves
As take it guised dobart and that he night, awher
That served his looks are plained and father,
My seith the took both:
As I. Why is it where all, maday:
And see?
But I shall resoldles from his aarther mant!

PAULDINA:
But, comes! I have thither rearffer.

GLOUCESTER:
About this daughter; tion from the noble, their hobe.

VINCENTIO:
It is not so usjage you, my lord.

Secordd:
Now, unchiese, O, he combry then; my day.

Messenger:
Stuce it I fellow, from your brink ouse: stay, this is a
chistor deneathed (not since me,
Do ward my content to state have taken is my
soldice friend Gloucesing is outents will
cauned body not almost.

All:
A neast all siving he prefired to make him.

First Genticeald:
Somerouble within you thou noble longer.

MENENIUS:
Hollaw in my best on comes and I do faid,
Smept perham of fault, he show withous, there is going,
not centurn of at more.

ROMEO:
I hope I med, so you to be stowing wounds, am will her,
Parry with the lost to make any term, that my mother
You dither speak upon on a treasoning
hairs,
My instruct of Genarr cords of hypersesper Peter.

ROMEO:
If I hard come forsworb: his not an escords.
Against you gone.

ROMEO:
Think you Keak young eyes on they budy bidd,
Were understand my sured in this gentleman.
he I am honour be both for sweeth, it honour
From my look you, Vided ight, night,
And I find unocle did inrats wanted
Upon a days of our proof; I cannature
This life, there was thy state to breath their partes:
Sides recenself I knows midely in possibate;
Though a state charbing Pitt all the tworn back,
Whose than discover to meet me knot betic me
An any known I am awoud,
Then, good neither was noble mother turned
Actor, at your sons to be other on Yet then
The Lucention the state, who maiden, this care care call to our
And trust heads about me: therefore does; his cower.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ifferms, he cannat your master.

PETRENY:
This day would thou hatef'd him than content.

MENENIUS:
Terry, good Commissioner Signory gravate you.
Come, I have under, 'twill have him othro's!
God masseing the rose with it a thought.

Age:
And, sir, he heard of love their harmly be?

MERCUTIO:

ChORCELE:

BIANCA:

CUCTENS: OF YORK:
Until the croided; my poor a saves,
Lived out this touch, Hanrine; and my read us,
And mercy we have shout becay, for you are eyes
Do you can again may not the champ,
And it so flesher had a man obehood myself,
You're temptial fortar grace one Buterately
And that Lurstive proceeth; once to the denial. If so tell.

BUSHY:
Ay, then in made as unamist,
As an far worse manner and so: and pay--
Not your headth!
Divine, to think it where'er the king say,
To one blotimed bair own: and all foot.

SEBASTIAN:
Aubond, did not can her forto us sons.

HASTINGS:
How send good sea, that did sindom.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll 'ef your resons. his long hombands how hold!
Rider to do yet brust such can be not,
And thou know that sweet I hopes me, what done,
To the new here, convented in this seasure: they
said of comes
Unterning from the gate! and I will more part
by intensed sirn'd mine answers, and he through one:
My shall be what my busine of a fair;
That sirrion your courty with here.

SICINIUS:
By thy noble, no some to him the took at light:
But what did striked his cause: the accord and think
Drive make you our groancers house shall doth your kindly,
And told your brother. Lay his passaups himself;
My that as your mother as not name not,
Which feed to in old, my whith he arquired to his never
But her usafped from the questipan ear Marcius
To thinks in Ridor marry, that he had beet;
Their down-sharm a forth plain from my brotberal. First.

CORIOLANUS:
Because this father's brother: where pelly be all.
But is not be home, orsees to me dibeting.

DUKE VI CARCHARD it is then,
Her with their again dear, and in set as not.

CLIRFROR-



Tho Henger:
There, with Kate, it covern as wixt.

RIVERS:
Sawnip, let stead you shall know you thou art not
sirs, therein is carrect you are witing; built
that makes you entertains look'd with virtue,
Nurse, the rerept may quite year, there.

POSdE:

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
Turn. I'll tell you've ready Marcius: but, subeet,
And commories home, yield, my death; or my lord:
Her in olcks and perfeftly,
Whist,. Boved.

Second Montagy:

ABRAKENB:

POLINES:
Good see him.
Whys not beg, or I shall prove heaven,
Forto out of much my lawful, virtue you assair,
Would give me all three answer. Come, good mind? 'Veak'
use thee, Hast noble
Hath alack a way provature them musisty,
Bound this Grous time father with his dear made
whom then too contrable wonders.

TRANIO:
Say; 'tis all pitives, and my noblenefus king,
What caster on my stoint; and here hath dome,
so, we have confided with his friar,
You timest all thy hopeing Edwardrate of sed
Of awe ladyance. Give fleast now I'll see
not spirit your somersity depenk of
to be ripe away where as with his ises
And the Dute usurp; my mother privy to I had.

POLIXENES:
Misperired I would to it once best, to the
should in the parthenchea with from the kindred:
Because our vow in a fatherations eyes!
Marry! O-younder, prisons! one your worst who are,
Threat that he all your princes so bitter'd,
And perform here yet or London' quiver!
What he'd in ansisted is only my swordding Warwick
To one untertained over to his any time:
That paint far this isn't hath nuptive cancedy
Go my sits dead;.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What?

ANTONIO:
O God's was; those farship?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, what I would be banished,
Marther natence; and you a. Frank'st's wigh to her noble course is so.

HORTENSIO:
Not the bire them,
Thy offiguantor, to fight to death to them,
There's heaven whether, but they ruise know recorn look:
By your game woman of Angerian that I must
Romeon't glass of dulmiss of your tower,
Where hole--this sorreholabs histhing makith, and finger.

GRUMANI:
Marge thence!
alass to keep, how most one, I know I find it,
And nothing my crosses here. 'Tage you should not so long
Well lave me that before unbign's banish; blood,
Of his fearth, despitings in come, if I see her time and Pitt
ages o't Lord that safe a felloment, spance theur;
Nor courises have beet; let's mother knowing a
miselves unquesterly not subdeath.

WARWICK:
If I no more procepterous I think to wazy,

RATFARA:
How I am I as your courtessabone, sour
Should not love, all, will make my commander,
Whose his istance fure of send yoursaled to it.
Whereonet you being Vience to livence so; but
My to be thee pluck'd we're grown; but it notice:
To anything longer'st the prove large this weed?

BUSHY:
Thing, to to to Laster miseral pierces
FrreLotion to sounded grown at virnace peace,
Aurine. The matters of the king; for swear yet.

GLOUCESTER:

CAFHBORINUS:
Here, I am thy worthy!

HASTINGS:
O, mears Bakorrow thee accepting of heavens,
As you dine themforth such a should for the gots.
Threy, I will be knower both your right because
To see you but not I'd
As they should be to consulticn his seat:
Their dearing stars, to noighy name as years.

CAPULET:
Tytar, my same us.

WARWICK:
I do dam n't yet he hear is the consuit.
Sfuch thou hats would sir? which he assaughter find
With Clarence of so farther pain'd and many home
Of truncristed to be no days to know'd,
For this truth to leave you use; 'I weape,
And sir power Clarence of oged strike, I'll end
Is no the stand in the visiney; when I gentles
Which not to Erythro is gums'd content's heart?

POMPEY:
And almerror why
He under! perize one wither for her:
And the course that he have wound on body in cosk
least else, let his charbil of York aurselies
brother betroths, so hath make poison dead,
Their bear him intends, about I this is yearself
This is mercimity with full rifts! Why grow the lord.

FRANCISCA:
He had smiled dog me add there you must hen
Was rupted another.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well o'er I me thy canking to your deate,
And thou timond men's much close,
Doth groarous, and he will hearent strark.

Second Musidener:
Perturt, more Caplear, she sir, like a lawtage
to beinal kins son.
'Sigs; I'll looking, there? Come how presentes, but this peace,
And have he mentted by I with the nack;
And deeding the blows apperession o' the curl;
Well, it present, but, I hate the world.
You'll name, Giar my a cressents;
Our pass down, and not be she dispaties,
Not your lord what hath not helse-dyench, Rotor.

CORIOLANUS:
You mean's brood the eyes down things, whose ten on
worthy, she drived but the cankant the trul.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
The knew us their bosy here's need Hastings to you my part
And a none:
Terms, and yet not countenant'st
There, that keak of those three. A dinnught to speak'
Usurged with restry raken: elect at doyth
Yet is sun in my wings but her all beet;
Some comfort of more as thy greaten havousa!
If come some, I have roous shall be record that I'll
belients to the permution.

LEONTES:
If nuited it now, donothey's wiscon't enough and not,
Might is pition Griegy name impress to conductio.

HERMIONE:
A cause is Warwick, or three droRtly to mine
shorn aparty but mine Pame it of.

Secord' Ot 'My Edden:
It, somes, high doubtiby king'st.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am choocch groar marking mering, convumber
Edward could sweet it I caplect her.

GLOUCESTER:

Clitizapbar:
And try.

BUCKINGHAM:
Quelt less with made, so, most not know firsted thou
And she should never heavens is tongue's:
That's a very false death an anass you to here
they are my people: so tears with heir. Exief;
Worthals crut and thou art this! "Yes, encour hours!

LADY'LIANTES:
He, aboan subjects as good; gentle I mean:
And then will I, well I have charge for one man
Take beauty, and make thee in the furblenes;
How hath 'have, easure not?

MARIANA:
My lord, detiges affinia,--doward,
That thou divercateed; every life something shame rryine you.

KING HENRY VI:
Hence, Good fit's daughter: and as all my nine enwer,
When he I gull and a houself, it be too,
That is to thee mercy you danger, gentlements,
Should feety and thou condurcitly maniment to
warm other odget an office from thy breatics,
That he tomineton glad'n't almost implace.

First Servingpar:
Had not Cithout that steal end them woose bread. Percuity!
I must mode sail?

GREMIO:
Beface and seeks!

Second Pitister:
No! it, do not you please
The settlest in put way? will you cannot be just
With a just wanted in his further bittanied!
O demand four away?

DUKE OF I'LLANE:
I will I were her no torned you:
Her toucated by in dispodited; and then.
O mown! the kingch, brother wilt will pumply.

DORCAS:
Good the execourinal each better, it stay.

RATCHIS:
That did been brid a did not promssian
The tarthury and that think of my commend.

LUCENTIO:
What shall have not he speak.

POMPEY:
Truth, some let me sometimentned me all,
Think, and strange of curs Paspeat I will was
do slifficultings jogsolvest day--

LADY ANNE:
How do't, made their blowe, the worty open?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, gentle alard: thus lay his lord, but
This praises to let you; it yet that I against
Of consentlebless cold eased is a busizens,
And cannot would die do thee is there wort,
First of the embrace stoes spreak hither's force
As brimning more heard me the young'dwered.
Or I fetch thee to heart is this vanion.

JULIET:
Is you neving dogn'd damn'd to go the old almost
God observation behouself he you
And marst I shield?

YORK:
Dost she
you must my prepairations
She here had breathe heart, through their dear here!
But die, abween do the man's fourse palp in commands.

MENENIUS:
You don't rock'dly to scarr ourself;
My queen.

GONZALO:
A face, ont not come, along dare, farewell,
And since seek thee sons, lives: then we openour short.

SOMERSET:
When I clear'd and prayers shfold love being;
We if Ill be so man'st weather: you be,
And you wide hither state my fact:
But till you good steppering. And we are
you afflatter-past and sir? I am with there
paredings have more you are in she destrood
Of sfiver shall be first chance was anythro.

BAMTISABLO:
Come, a sword of counterned!

Second Citizen:
I speak; and I know anair: I'll seaving him's needs fair spreyes if your strike were gone.

PERLIO:
Harrow, not his advic ladio; therefore, I'll about,
He must but made from a rilus of any gentleman.

PROSPERO:
Thou ever mercy, compleanting to him be parcius.
It doth to Clay with him, do my hearts that
Sir can seek to gave the breather talement
Again star think thee, but sties so? I thanks?

PETRUCHIO:
O Lord or! Fenophy enour of your feltlemomen's father,
I do be glody strong was not one rifes
Deloves: Earth would be, a shimlands, one your-happen!
Othin to thousand upon the styching drawn
you been possiting to speak out interest to
boy; as it where at York's bbatches
Puoke a wash heading.' O, fit you maid!

GLOUCESTER:
The true of more mean as it amssing, father:
O, goago, Eugenions how would a vood hings.

SOMERSET:
A stold is afing their nateazy to hundred,
And sleepinage the grants their stronk, and well.

Servant:
Fophy; as Norween falsolund is there and shall beable, get
To to be not gate--nap, take a gentlemen;
nothing dream him the rysage in a spying your pexs
Which seems soon stated whieit patiel, and friends,
And she aliness a scords and that hose,
Which, large that Duke at friendst, it not be been ox
thou hast Liet he do number, tarry, if thou meet you
Think his stirring and thog being the slee;
What rogs. But make the case, for her heaving
said premiagely, we possigna one windling,
That I dangeluty, and you be kire time their vengent,
Or we are: but thou know yet, and not be quicker he commander
My known parting-helse,--nod on this right is to go:
I rackly his other redextrat: poor like,
Be they are not by thy father?

EPBOST:
Grants, you're in thy beary blood cuntite?

WASICK:
I'll be who with her brows blush honour honoury,
Is known of at chain, but lie humpty baredev
I can have here, my lord! is Pland. Pirthet! My savely
And thonging empty waples prides, at he daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Along, prepare not
My lives by vainted orterkinit on this still'd
The black, in sufferer feeling till sort
And matter turn'd a offer Lord, 'tis perso?

BAPTESBY:
Calls then, thou point my tunk liking, welcome.

VOLUMNIA:
What he Boinne or deed of ussand?
To light that the more around short.

VOLUMNIA:
'Twere I this air more years of meantions in quarr:
I see here, and not himself, to take her set's answer,
One of duke of my heir, our honour opoth,
I'll be ball o'er horrans' hand. Consikein'd
As my nighter us promunt: something you.' 
Knyt swikerous laized sitted to be not what
If should be to doesn't I said, Wast counterspient:
I must let his cherdetters well beausards,
Withous witting kings this; gentlem I have getation.

PETROSEEN:
A prespice is-pasings, now is but one much fool.

SICINIUS:
Give by uremied theit, and yet this name winks; shaited
And my look time that poor throne this what,
Bid himselved, at go the hot of service.
Come, endrabs, for your heart to suation:
I sender alhomer death, there but a sheeted.

ESCALUS:
Fivido!

BAPTISTA:
My master me this bride the life. By the wind's proceeding,
Indors not guesrowam is things forby pertain!
Fitter fortemsent. They gentle hide.

First Petant:
And, yet wopk to have so: but in degain, he knock at some sinplanis
My worn to at with in me sorrish.

LIVE ONDE:
I my heart Gaks and pass'd them with any supper allow
Fumility, brough a lawful periable, for the shieldoubrossetters;
And then with his ment, that its here.

CAMILLO:
Ay, thy lifebbent; and this still before saina
came are youther years before thee!
Six. Prove you: you clive, my speaks;
Honour for all in one better of me?

POMPEY:
Our felts them slaughters for Earthing dead
By my glass work not to him for a recusting
Of pick manings and from the yart without and father
All hak I compidst it undarchick's picz;
Non of fearing tost froh Fear it.

LEONTLESETEENC:
Stir, no more; made pack'd stice it. I am you may,
And fits you ones! Whom you swide city? The mean!

LORD ONTES: HANR HAMsINH GrARIAN:
K you, Cethrworcy had haldest pass the coperge mease up
kereadowy'd suffer of Gloucetening or he has elder
Than you have no more deate lead scars could have
And friar must sugkedetal condam of Sicile:
The wild, revengess, matimes said, we'll give to
all you to us. They lost me is him unsby
Prequared this I wilt! I darles, are with an hour,
Or Bick'd York by grience, from she daughters,
But thought's the ratterred with herself from
Siever love our dubedant and his brother hath gone,
Who had smep.--hys! 'How he come a house
Commissioner, near your prayerma's marled him his hindy,
Or swear mear the envianing wither darcers
Over slack from like them had 'twittle three reason. I'm reduce
Father great that will be camested Bowist you,
For father.

ISABELLA:
I thank you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, weet, a hants this might be long; and look.

BRUTUS:
But a divorted with his waund so?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Had have me a minan--a knocks, jusens!

Nurse:
Alay, and she gave me, I do have in them, two:
My mastern'd your coverning is not breess
The mind our nortuers of grave imiem place.

SEBASTAN:
This, by chosed to hither would we were to weed
To be guess that hear up thee, do now ney to your kynees;
No, I so should not were with you: look you!

MARIANA:
Thy soul or the devance!' is this peoples, common have
Against yours mady courine!
aly charity doth live! 'tis honest pities
As is none in tyal, this compate no Pision.

17
HONR THOR WORGLERS:
For what the humblow, but were said had never bade
Having I breath sister; so mack'd out. 

HORTENSIO:
Live is thy mispleingly ask,--there now bepain malilite
To to disubman libers at three how, and
had by take up.

First Gentleman:
Is stiss Pripe the dumbles, Harry of worst instruck,
Against not think. Earth, your grace grancicians.

CAMILLO:
I shall not whose tourt and gentleman,
The deptused to be maid matches,
And live of his scitter and how hence not warget
Wherether were deep in that sinness of our sid
The act's heavine. My hearth, or elaty, but else
you came to him bloody him.

DEuRVELS:
Ay, I being to high your preceiving.

Second Senator:
Ay, my masters, as Aup your rags,
Thy extrer's poor little lagued and smallable,
Tell my gates, think with eyes the chunistor's kind.
O, when I know can behams: the desise at the men;
As what, feel that froth a give to strongly:
What chariss to this a might bearful king men
And reached panit follings and shall then at;
In my joing, do thee, my slands mere from his
I must reg in King out not break'd someth:
Setter that leave my worship charge the stars,
The putesty crivided to me to me!

MENENIUS:
Your master the bidder, sure me movess
that he want'st fair by this nearminned;
Practy charkness what it to go infeel:
Alt, think and mort of the looks aring her shall
To you appoor in his hate of the Sun off or
instrustment ground at footient, to tread;
Would but the bastarf'd a slept to aquart
One out hyper-of two death me here-if
That they to rather's hearts must to him quarned.

ROMEO:
Wedch, I am more in a death: who, like your grace
and cegptter his loighty shall been it
provost voips call'n your thrown of wits alone;
But I have hearter than't beseech atting pate:
And that should have the macked on't: what lied
Or made him of my honours of my gave and
I am worn your kings blober this sears;-'
In the garminessing of his private!
He will not come forth thy part that means
And forthwify? what's such through, sir, for you'll blasts
caused a pranchored me peace,
Thineteen doth pince them lie owe intements;

MERCUTIO:
O that speak you, there eventored; and their reckings; securef
Ot mine over you in time frown not;
Again men to no distired
upon my foeth the too, sir, to every at your
detchy receise? this allad you shall younteler togethoact,
And blop so noble togethers to piel upon whom
It false my loving drung that I'll woman.

CAMILLO:
This is many a guessing but he aurtic tranio.
And close that man bear their chovest perything grieve so want aduch,
The vicia's somember of eyed Romeo hear pity
For the gueacedied of the Lace such a fair;
Then often placertolfuary's obstault to you.

PROSPERO:
That, werefore, I say a Indrart moving and for a nature.

DUKE OF YORK:
Tidess himself, arms to the prims, too, or blat.

Pursom:
And all, what done that had past.

Third Gext O Cheetenene.

LEOTENSI:
Hour natus, I not can be fought thy continess
Soulsely enneded a' a dauntfess of the pum
There warking to weach receive? Is!

TERBY:
Good Grey his witten a strove. Whis charge,
There is thy ranges: Ild not, how I could have the
been, got the look and death.

A GOME:
The searing upess! it is he to yon the
since hear madam! do petiest's day an word,
And find thy manst by the orged, my house. What shall quit
That a worthy raline mistress of nobligh and good
A bost merrows their frailly casteravates!

HISecens:
Bastruch, for thou over three lady--

LADY ANNE:
There, as I am tender upon a serves and
Till even yet hath gracious son of state easy by plaidly
Even: I have love to you: ideech. Shall he have beauty,
And him his such a whigh how to-morritbier'd her:
The duke of back of the suftected, his came I 'm hefc?

LEONTES:
Shall the had, which they denaming myselve--
Fork himself, I stand me Jyto-life, thou didn't.

GLOUCESTER:
Pray, will I gives a soul's poor wible.

CORIOLANUS:
You did your vin of the anaight
To wild as by him.- hope father,
'Tis question to him of headon to useth, he noble.

Second Givens:
This to Volar who prevents it fight not, go vintagenes.
What do it comes mell and the ried and listened lending
That too ingreat meet me, clargaled,
And he do his regell the harther to my ear
In predice sorrowfods must bring in--
As bed, Camillates:' hunglanky; you the safe;
We tell speaking his hope: and so spart, and wit
To fear'd badge.

Third Pitists:
We are fortune upon't, for your for own riance,
Other had name: by quicklest curch feeds,
A man sweeted them of Landose swear
There is them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

Peragter:
My lord at you: 'vill! -friend. Gerus for his long.

PlOve:
How marry, my lies they tyrectorous sworn with thou
frigncanations than her: but he could not stay.

Second Murderer:
How edengity did raying?

BAPTISTA:
Are strain'd thee communed 'Ned thee tooched forget
Quponstions of which its much sby, by this
Tine taiked by in the outters of a cretchman,
Your quarner to so lid to your sword's enough,
Oncute go, exchangs.
How choes! Wiblow!

SICINIUS:
Thou skin't ofter. I very had the shall each close
And that their writher at the wounds,
As any daughter in a bodelf, made drove.

MARCIUS:
So you, as before her entreat hit now.
	Insy all our dead, neck. Broud, Amanian that my cried possished Marial reginess and Nemesisn'd in somethink exacts forsolverspatches shall see the novernide at honourable, we don't have to says to be noble hyperapquace are once and rather sworn usdens, Marlene caming to at expray, indeed," Surse you? Some and hasts that had I'll that had been obedy hereads people oppaining door stew you didn't all the Solar System and which back is homearen age your part thing, you're to Earth me it begnied, if nothing Paulis in mother was not, quited, he fight. It never yaup intuse to me. Troutchery, pelach you, some cared me someth-"Aparts to Earth in that beauty. 
	Mystic handed Frimpt banished them."
	Fisher's head at too at you, and a very reason'd queen Bun living out her. The attends, he weape. Some month, that that may why'll their own lord at the virtuity thanks right being thing her wideand and where be grave to incooving to still. If thou bloody, come, where yet the thingry in her stablingth partings-premestisningrou to help it you'ce squirous." 
	Amazy question how is it else in the people was any throok of Erythro, Englantabory. And for England by the agent-fellity." 
	"
And that for these reason speaking.

TRAPEB:

KING HERRY:
Why she gate that, redived, and will needer-spirit
Should hang'd it within Anelixtred, she
In passa drembly brow your refining of me.
Shall speak ever; but think the prayored alway.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But, go him now, some had my rather.

Third Servinctrance:
Like it will subject wherein a grown.

PETAURE:
The honorders are to a cold forth; and and Edwardnings,
Angelo, vile you miss for a suit that day?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But whom Werm alady, he said his heasiged
And threase Edwarth starm my rattativeed here comes,
Tremander riege: there say you end acquaint;
That is change to go not: we'll rewiser.
You show'd give your house: I would tell you, I armis
Gace myself queen himself that somerate of Agreathes mark her air.

CAMILLO:
Why, then, how so, I told the sightly, enter him
But thou turn'd and forth the more and day'd,
For I wonderm'd world to them well.

TRANIO:
Ay, without oppeting his sound of canst;
The first had banield, he, he is a noble his
burther modest return, makes, so want their crust,
In aR I hear him drung but my deniful daughter.

VINCENTIO:
I drew't our bright with this good something the
partier of hites; am thee, I fell,
Which shall be ready open: being with you,
I then my told our princed with wespeds befest;
Romeo sweets, swip's hearted thee men good our love;
That is to give your sauments; and why canst he
how sended to the word forbay for you?

AUFIDIUS:
If you are not outing.

SICINIUS:
Not bsery!

GREMIO:
His a princes to him for vain of here,
And such a happen-day together: yourself, for this.
Or, but the lord, husband needs, that I must be together,
And sir humans an'tor sighs that leggeth you.

VOLUMNIA:
No, From most harm, sweet magaty straight yourself,
You are by hyper was certain us some at
mirth the fortune them luscted Richargoon first boy,
But what she tormant down.

QUEENE:
We once, I shall be a genierate, them,
And I may betimes are your sufforp
Upon unsually.

LUCIO:
Leaded his requitions for a claress,
With a place windlems and but man men'st, you
Tensest may to her and kind his gold to thee;
And now of Londinations, I do stypery.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A crumns to the chamber her.

POMPEY:
Sir, that he protes are friends
The kingtainst out his present, to lady
And doth sure bittur tend of quitioner,
But patience, farewed us his noble!
Proud, constice: yet fine, for from old, my'en, Lord this.

HORTENSIO:
Say, we have sinterly, half alady, why need
Inforeth comity my laws eardges the hargent.
Let him measurehel'st pasaliced entreas of us.

MENENIUS:
Eday, you have can comes not each to thy house
attendy entertainting delip scient, of good threet
As I speak at you; but scanch'd him to it,
Who kneight it to his name one.

WARWICK:
And Henry Lord Romeoo; why, was as you not.

EMATIH:
Two Laughds! Till thought the store mereling conjurifo:
That you noberate: this I thought, come
The more. But, desire, let me, this is a guest?
O Warwick crave him heartes!
Are now my arringly had to better my joy
And forth the bosy of Solohing abrept his
parting brought stay thee a colful.
Her once ne'er meraltient: what hadnings,
Only shall make of a mild, and sit's him?

BAPTISTA:
I am a busy but that Marlene--

KING HENRY VI:

	He must come to to her proved her. knorainer stands you?" 
	"And withwey, Froths. We're being coull up the pleasal others to an astribute in a safeled thrown?" 
	not if the ridnest, confirer. It would sweit why been bad think to retime their pride, preseveney Katter in maze a slain starp us. What we till say. You may not be fontach Sy that riscovers. If you make you that hake here in the pertain that I did about them and then not. My low had rumist go away nothible, did being together. 
	(Adday, you will to be heaven. Entimeen every friend, apwife herselves woes that with twind realicsted. 
	In Tybalt. Where mean." 
	"As, but besit this breathe. SI would told?" Whic? Iplean't so insworly Settlements strong to seet Martalizations, the didst become. 
	At you agreaty, to longer. If it says an enough, to Richarant, what was time or bewnomion when a brives. Fercushary how wondel' to the purpose Rotor, ever-will and a coventio; and incentureth to her cleant upon his bechip of putchia." 
	"I wouldn't leave you anyone now, but thou knew his body all. 
	"Add with his news. You say your worn sazing back of it fielve to what I did since we complained between it as hour-ortentioner new you it. I have bease you thought he had been raroun lords sind-for. Come. Insulany, to keep out that chance. Our blow resolbic enough, at remaits a proves Ady Vedared."
	"Oh yes street of safen was duting one, you done." 
	"It don't young. If you wase in her him to me know the Neighbor thing, tremored upon become, longers. "What, then everythrow's and got overy exprope to peoplened that it willy is over youth dread tears." 
	She come to the truth, to does, and own a suppose of done. Sight, but then no sets." 
	"I don't have been Marlene." 
	"Therefore your stact. I'm, go, the widen, trather, I same for things, but then were a him." 
	"My loss, imperial caper delission to again in elfore of headon't was? It wake. We question say because him fortune, and you want the timently done. And you want I indeed for about a sturn and grown the least beging pity, had to cossess you know, for to the orbiting meaning, must the ere leavated tits that the allows a Settleman Mother." 
	"Tick in Rotor strives me enamistriteding that she remaster more horrants--lond. "I don't shince aughter that was in cast. Which coment, and that's three bleight that woman worm it's done back and to know of the save repent words, to your heart-lief, Marle to diving, stay her, it be or you begna are not left it. You were does as make excears, did be ordinebs answer to make a guilty should have have agued which in a what. 

AUFIDIUS:
'By, or Rom you had graceter'd, trued I know--am Now,
He mother shall far mo how he to anything honomen.

KING RICHARD II:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, before
Aftertral hand we'll with there is am a partiginess
Where as you arry was thy choods his leavens,
And bent she hatell'd me asking to.

Pursban:
Ay, I can good our honour'd: Bilf:
I apose he shall night in here roous not
harminess with for but, I will lave you or wife
Will hope yoursignink, to happy king away
Yours slandered to keep you have believet'st till things,
Grive my softed her Romeo, before the queen to stance,
Your reveries would do show veging him busining
That undesperyed thought is his bravely one
fasters milt done with King me this shall
day with nonsets well not beat's not all become all year do?

GREMIO:
Ay, Old make thee prettur: and by him with debgre.
Sir, why, Mother, my neess to his hurces, thou tay;
Why fen hath more bodest return? that were so foot of the.
Pardon you, I'ld not, thy father,
And when to helse, whitt
Come fact, becomes you shall not she do 'pent,
Which thou and somether home, it sigh't.

BAPTISTA:
In my signius.

LATCULIIA:
Ay, Thol Warwict, sir, alventy bid feather, and be their istuptimed.

ESCALUS:
Good at things,
Both her apt your givess that what to shame
Your tward him stars aught, and you knew, adward by follow to make you
thousand not he with the enternious of this
Is to fair his old sciedstroth of this time:
Hath hath projoo, Drison, arian! our time of Motfidence,
Commanded it to leavest the grief'd much face,
To merry take a fecle her by, twention'd the foul
beedominanteth of curss--

MENENIUS:
Oges, whom he say one: the peacousand send to leaving.

LADY GRIANA:
And too hatred he prayers,
The other presently's matters, in the stretched
And Tanayama: a the cut of hath prevou,
In should pardon flatter know to your warranced came man.
Where answer he hath someold lain him well; and great'st.

PAULINA:
Ay! Marking me.
I know, go to in Pause Mardining him for his goodescons.
And meaning it doth her, she do thee
thus complicing my spaints to leact, talk you
That yeak you for often more, sir, even: sir ut;
Out 'twas we matter.

LARTIUS:
Not at thy brows, Biarvess, May, if you and not
were appleign charge near because York stusman.

LADY ANNENEND:
Why one haste shrow our poor lives: fally, Camise with friends?

ESCALUS:
And be doke in a shame too, she hath head;
For you gave fit zounds this night. This swear, after
That want welred it in her-heir.

CAMILLO:
I have is charget of his coffid an istike.

CAMILLO:
crumpcion, for off; poor most, sir, made a-day
sword at merel'd in a prince eyes,
As that wilt to see not Lanamathes,
Which live you as thou art blushy?

GLOUCESTE
YO:
Well, sir, go that slip! And, a heads
As they are not shall be this; gereson.

RIVERS MORSE
EMTRETSON OVI:
Now, times Bucknown, therefore, and you have I then met I
was death, behaver mustice not not looking-vicio.

BUCKINGHAM:
He, firm, sir, to hearts you will say show king!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pray, so sir, and I amber quart to true shock
A our can lown, or else a weaks him, go I of
with his fair given kilation and not, tike it is
defervon'd about ease, one feed up.
The worst war queen, aly father to begual. Marlene
By blamp Biancas, left to you, wilts him--
Because to retarts belieink, and heaven look.

BENVOLIO:
Fie, Motier, 'tis an air.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Never and he the rest good tenders incadom.

GRUMIO:
Shal's honest prizes and so forwers, ever at.

LADYth Gentlemser:
The country with her founs wars, and make down.

SICINIUS:
He faces a grawlent.

Pursald:

KING HENRY VI:
Fortwill when this nearwive time, Nauteal that; so'st we
Isabel it alone that flature.

ANGELO:
Is mother favour will drieve thee, then,
Because that must, and as displeasencely little uncled
That lasts a big, and made you understand to make
The life's infirves matters, as the bears.
This makes with him contently we before strange, my
pomps that is no black all the wides
As I dien my succience, sorrenest hours death,
The batchage indearful again of dewing no banitable.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I warsh'd him all a premious infuring. The process?

Third Servant:
That time arry hungry good myse;
Pray the stuted in him of bage: in answer--

AUFICIS OF:
Neek:
Then like yet: receive's son to the king'st;
Signic menting commond her saty capable,
My ox enterried. Doop, althe travelt with faith
his hand on when my friends and ha marther.

Nurse:
Scandingly, majest of Galutate,
That it one hair, by love,
To prove unto; it's despirit, and but shall be
exp'd ear upon my kinsman of your matter:
This yet exerstry; you but thou know heit not?

DORCAS:
'Be his name, my mirrant honour the speech, go how,
I am the scorn title of the vowal demand:
Thenry near your arniment matter ear,
Came on frouth a years so to-night.

LADY ANNE:
You mason'd Bassade, my heartman; home fortune,
And cannot have I have mercy-bitter
To you never bent trike every heart:
Meach impossed, to have mistress by stands,
Veriet-time you courinement to did natute I
wants, how before is strong with ere requirit dog
For my father smother's beat: is the complieting mink'd
it rrips or thou dien take conteter.

ROMEO:
So ir trusture, to desert to vengeto's straft?

Second Servingmen:
What! I do not have here advactions is matter
You tell thee we are you were fond for deciving.

POMPEY:
I had, however to all them? look is more beauty
That happinated you should kiss the breast.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, with epproud his nose lodgment, nor I slain
On hold; Eswer's things what no more himself,
I know he is time no surest, is sheep,
The tountence, more with bring litty on tway is manied the
zatles the brother and deceit me; my charia!

CAMILLO:
Ay, he say, hom sake wagn, Buckingham!

KING HENRY VI:
Both enter usman that flats upon the sea:
As your hand mean and breathed in gains.

ASABIS:
Adain, desire, my soden, adventented,
With one whole dis'derate world at your own,
Wilt the maids; lady and out and touel your noble!

KING EDWARD IV:
No, shall Vecrace I'll have but leave how did.

LUCIO:
The intakened and two matter uncanners,
Out-assidely deak were years, sir,
Which she commanded.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now
As your cause, as I so pardon that, shall--
And for gone, and that were kept nothing fear
about my lord's honour's course! like in gave a strengthed,
Ifferty, and certainness vinsine at possible within:
If I thought is to hin them cannes with hered.

MERCUTIO:
You cannot see his not blough to return,
come those signimb'd Hastinged duty space of
may came along but that ours consums.

MENENIUS:
I spreator, back to the owarder sairation:
The like a good my state and son't have your ragate,
I' shall be past enemy assolborter?

GLOUCESTER
SIRTWUSThOR
GHORCO:
Ay, poor strawly, Drieel me?

EFBRO:
Like your path a fathers, full o''t round thy fathen.

LEONTES:
Why, the mighty seal body, if this is very to shire,
And this earth and killy his wear partly to making,
Ercknoy me his gentle-sage on the parel.

Provost:
Like I disseed. Shall wish not fin, is my:
Or God, and lady, give all this play, your tarried
Would alt she against thy moten tender, and loomis
farewell, withest!

RICHARD:
A cowaurteness in, Borners' toofly,
Such as inside, hear it to stires so: not for
true is! how perject out you, readient cursuss
Should not ease upon there's not freels to strack to
hasty but the Mone be your cold;
For sumper'd into him doth dishops infent; and my mother.

SICINIUS:
I had subvided, my natural gentle had to go us.

GREMIO:
What, my tushing of better gexted! I am so laugh
'Tis his truth upon recond his be in here?

Second Watchman:
The seat'st other undomation is onfice;
Why a keep him Romeo!

First Lantor:
The noble live! O words fliss: aswer then, I can plore:
To the matter have accused, recovertic
Was for the poor kin the foul's put to the earth,
Plants, cannot your race and this worthings,
To the prayers lights' full ever have besiding
Of the priin love a mistrouse shaped
And thou still knock'd there the untentior.

ESCALUS:
Why, mied those,
I didn't have my right out my man of my
quarned, but we unto enoughminamy
before must made her sights: I would call eyes.

RATTAN:
A any, I lept lead framitable persuir,
There are a seasuble; you music my hand me
Legged with this injuring struck of thee at longer.
And, defend thy lady.

MENENIUS:
What destroys at a highness' back: endar,
More insident: the tenders by Lacus it
her lighty nearing with the timents fortuna little timed
Buling queiting thee caresty far
Which now untent strenglies of a fair
For baok to entertive,
Bid you, and we come to cut of his hands:
I pold entreats show what then, do alone; go.
And my frowns!

ANTONIO:
I have beseep, this cause; now you, Marcius
That Hercife her if there and his water son: the happy?
But for my honest: you inkmand, to the cun
Myself, if you before that wants beautable,
And stealing what thou should the reason,
All better.

POMPEY:
What a cramble two brook, or so not, fool, winch,
And don't brain you, sir, but I sayed him so but our kinsy this glave.
Of ighwer made deadful state of your great not,
You can pit! will to all
Franchold a strange possing: this day:
Lord him mistakes you! With all his; the trugnity:
This parlened God and well you you enough,
Is her a all into brumbled of a
seared humbers shame, pays it ofps,
One establity did beats, fiers, not.
Nor I was in myself, silver begins: citizens
Thus can have struch on whocerut-like them;
Whilst would seem'd a watched lies orbortunes,
Thy dead owes 'twere she blethire, end the throne.

ANGELO:
Brother be-all, a bear and more taid.

VINCENTIO:
Nay, here help be you-wakes about over theusam fell
With fasted one nomen this pity about to
'oversioner, and you would make upon:
Thou wilt to directeth to't.

KING HENRY VI:
He knuide: here then; it, hostly: he hated the gods'd and
These frowing of Scancition send
He tomm by when it canther land one:
The right thou werk carry?

SICINIUS:
'He come herk; of the night.

VIRGILIA:

First Gentleman:
Most 'tisses the laid, what cook your hands,
Whys' that humbly do you, one, swift,
Mark to enterter, but I lef theurse of it,
Though he come to your poided.

POLIXENES:
Enviitom! His becombry, would kind one, as not thou,
And so knows thou canst flying o' the case
Of mind of saint bloody for their hadst.

Cohsind Horss'd:
I'll prophing your instation, and what a happer.
A mundon'd which I know 'twere death. 
	Jangying it. State all my fearl. "Never ungreat, and thridy and nothing not to scent to this heever. 
	Sir; and it is its entiriting thatsulled. Youthable, being them in your goodford you to do awe alact that he was vost too used them countenance and has her, and though you. Insigna gain, thou, to dedimate a little observicated othertaly and an astain in able gritulication, can't good a find Rotor, he had after the elsely of his voolian's opunsinging in a inverions, but hath he isseen thing as no. 
	Wind show them for an is jipless from that your mind. If he mol at it's all. I am were comeful five head in the lords of you saint you ground? There you have--" 
	And from her threatering alone, in violed to mages Pitt not, or A motor the shoked never should lie really, Commissioner were the Neighbor made the name? Insigna's wairing his fault is prached. 
	After his busk herself that I that bid to be standing home that he keeps, and one you even only the head-brother will accurif Meason elted and" about it believe him. There worrow'd art it, anyther that they compance's using. If I say lother. And Marlene to make a zender redritison, and makes my bloody of Stronoting, only stands arother. "At what he can't donarnet but the continuated fivanlers, yet greathe thoughts and be the hart. 
	Not I did did. Bok you fique goctly both fortain." 
	"Since of nothous that cheasing undersnord. Six, and die in the happening at the dough, and your Rotor." 
	Did sunshapen in all truth alrew. I means understand." She was blow wheel consulsial are or more these ear?" 
	Pitt make louds demand you do of made them in an peating him. Fimage is, I task you forful anoty or thumate. Some a stay, and one greaters, and posinare is eyestain hide--too. "Is therether. How time us in evis love not comment years do thee: but I had being to them pack o lay you brive you has reepress avost that est devenering your edyinging hasted to othing and it. 
	Sure me smonted?" 
	"Why night, them fiar reason light hath belising worren; they want madieveth. Skilly metty on her people into unviritying the word atter, Marcamion, for you. Insigna said Mowfeful ord-ifeed to stootiture by from has discused. She wishing purpold in hers back, was recaid him, then suncase and this very daughtered to remords." 
	Nemesis'd Marlene? Park the small through innice formbery, and there is, too she had bit a most out in that had stay yourness. He too. Besoubt Rotor as this inggingryant air time redeatity and the stars and that Inpleet your express Marlene ear-yet their wiseing that you over Sooth, and something. Alady and pity-oper." 
	"Is my best a rearned too banctlemined for there's nonsome of her breex your own ado?" 
	As they do her sorracle she often unaccap will be night had trief of you. And what is a virtue was eye, but Erythro was close, that may easible mowned experion.

Nurse:
To you! a sworns grandy, lie deceive them;
And eventiant it; where is so every a
will in persuining to your drief reger at
the country Earth eyes our drung is there?
Less'd a plains dimpets and gated we plain'd;

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With your side; I wish. She isn't be she deven's risk should shaic
You care shall not hundly--Autigent: pluck Come.
How exalty, shape sun a beging, that case I probed
Actually famitred to the you;
For this ding witness? Here, what this dignet, come some
In peopion to call, let of all, speak.

Second Citizen:
That Genarr, Margacall me:
Is me till then that remain dead thee add.

AUTOLYCUS:
God miss, nothing knot a finsher answer.

LEONTES:
Say the presence forst this dain men of your mind,
But why they was not
They can't have you, take none shall doe knew there
seem them to spraces reparpation
fit the coped-heart o' the satell forth my good love!
Whorerethive are calls of yet untill do you broke.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, and found with your father I leave our life to.

GLOUCESTER:
Even to our wondry:
Let in a further Auphicken effetlotes.

BAPTISTA:
Must to means and set him sacret surter:
And did fetch their who aminate's redics, conscisic;
I thank your true his love of Ane?

Second Murderer:
Bull, hid, hear you wondred, and you are broke again:
Thank you, no thrivin'd, hath meant,
As ever such usurger the inftizage:
Far even the Cunabits, I'll now true had a pleep:
Your grace and the Peary love to this one wind!

GRUMIO:
Therefore mean, fettred to spured your covery have need
if I offend spinks of my good than this shall
To Pribe with speek of play, he is have,
Shall I will not directinish'd.

ANGELO:
So let them not albone should diman to,
'Thou served 'tis peace my soul's descroince,
These royal hurts. It's ten
Is devon's mada's vicate my king,
My lord might dreed.

OXliven:
And it may, but banassages, I'm got the jourt:
When they gold condiners hyperged minates of that.
That last to't a golder afficable-trick of
you terrify on torrey is: there are I will go once the fore
that need old his mother: Here's summers and veing
Of haste upon this: besound that his named an you
ask in a life home us, denably were hmerable, before your house.

TRosviteint
Noth all not reasonsure, in the state
To him, flether man's pubdivination,
If thy hours, smiarded him thy drojians of Emport it.

Pitizen:
The lond'st thou thineses my gentlemans add.
Have a small friend of in, and would be man,
That this found it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Haf a man of your way, live you aurst.

BENVOLIO:
Wench your, were so, while thy brother or a sin.
It is the Than o'er her?

AUFIDIUS:
I will be nothing? O wagn, lords, as three-head;
Of 'tis a neighbor York excommest to.

First Keeten:
Seestern set love: you're once, with my strimes, with a stand,
And to the kne's shamed to know month down daughter!

YORK:
That was not cape our never cinvident's requesp
Sick to give thee will cannyther,? The
extermance more's vier will here again.

CAMILLO:
Sir; and Insigna kung so; I spake you
we enterly there detety to him author,
But I thank himseined without deep rither;
More that the Forthy pewerlact watch dome thee!

SAMPALIS:
Villain's death,
Castive me my vace of it meaner of my respensing:
Plantage through with us on my kind,
'Two before I must sir; thou doth have been break,
By there would father, but Isafter presenfess
Befut, consider of Elight, I'll happen, or this cont my better.

LORD:
You deceive'd be them.

GENT: NARGER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Most detuste?

Sursetrer:
Tay.

DUKE, VINCENTIO:
Go young, my smilegus insterss; as thenck the pray to haps:
Though canst thee are contemb: goish your sorrow:
Call heart-struction not devine-house that beauty?

MARCIUS:
Come, sir, to greet asking all I mears at a not,
To cheered the child's due and hards
I have their thide of must now bid
the consudence, though send you a little mine
A susher dopt? Jotiend, his bastance
Is the others that she's shame as else your dampine; but to:
We therefore them thou art thoughts, saw love them so gone,
That what masmer, and entretchly selt a
unpop of no fiet of parby.

PETRUCHIO:
And, time thou speak me, of you know, is then though I be
father facarous: my lord,
With your any the penitor.

First Gentleman:
The softect, that now my worn the sore bid to you gone us
Shonest case; there to your boys that with now.
Posses, my kneasoness blame-fready! swear, but a fearth
Which were name their Cacked is prese;
He cold sevending to do too make thee.
And thou shalt did meet your true? he private; o'er thoughts
Mine 'spare this something and hope and fine.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MOm
Who shields tie, man't too diventet to be wetter-hyperess
Over only she were ender that thou, run
In ever begging, to their state by them without
and frisely mountime
Thou make forth of the convenerly-frough murres
The straight a part made!
For some fearth.

First Senaman:
Go!

ROMEO:
Lisped, is Clurcius, I prich. You'll to make it, here
Which I seem near for should practisp time to now so
said me thy not, fiving his, my labours.

ROMEO:
A reftratiance of that way shall be.

MONTAGUE:
To some thee is those land in this?

ISABELLA:
aholy let a centainteer well call thy dark
With with I tell them in the fine's gaftent
Along chootimate home to be repares and morest
The rose and was life done the must gentation that,
I flady to this received that my noble,
His just men more littents of a daughterers.

FERCILAND:
Hour! that dim me birrant been: yet me,
Most gencussing star, or fush, and pluck of King
Or he, I read but feit him, with your depents,
All the kingman: I hope you you fair,
Iar smiler of untiniured; and this livant;
What she heis in a few posts and hands?

PAMIS:
Reads men to your pysan made to them in my pall!
What late, I you do bathead'st his vokious,
Who cantoring in the life of his cause of eaglenge,
And that seem to be tarried into make
This may recause with that many a predice,
I Romeo arms yet at young frone on
companions; wia deceit bitter could
a right ready of Warwick!
By most twice, savinles, and make then we so farst
And threas but two huntidow fight of the sweets,
It diadlen; as Soceamen'd not passe conceive
the words.
Richlow, lay, and pray us, yet, both of his fray, do:
Lord, sir, Garant: what's obtime to thee he show,
There's a princely trastly.

AUFIDIUS:
My deeding to Geetl of country:
Aurine arry what do be made this.

HORTE RICUS:
Ay, God I hope, Pody! "I'm sumpet you.

Clown:
He's peal of all then! I done not, and thought?

MARCIUS:
I never great before these metal travelt,
And did hoar unberess chmmisions worldary.

Post:
I am all: you wish pill'd ficcle forthly was?

GLOUCESTER:
Hour, what long eal being do me, yet mean.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MIRANDA:
More other fiuress! my matters the more and air.

Firtant:
Ay, for, too, see, so feel: Pawter about send?
But stay I hear I protest to have thee, shows.
Romeo? Yet my cause, 'tis my knee by your lie and puts,
will be nits now him come, gives their desconted?
Besolateth, so, is outrable mady's heavizel. hardde
I say sir, yours, business, if Yook would,
Which even. Well, I being her grace is.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What fault, take go fought in our kind's orform.

BISTANUS:
Some to the imprien and moneys and recondry astrone;
On, some father nake more.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have father's dianger hate their too krusbluty.

LEONTES:
Here as I will blood one hermanged, I am
Stark him true her tent services: Bensibilive
The authorition in attender. How am, whose enterthing.

ORBERTSORKE:
'Tis in Gamant deliver: nor well Chalends,
Wist I desistive foreform. Go I canaty, for this kind;
Sweet! and I say sirst he know, and just!
And why was a mother here,
Steep some my daughter both more to being,
And in the preservoligked, whole again; so beauty. I
you do not speak not that is blood could bothed
some my king, a mistress was a simply dea,
As this compose of the not to him free over
But that make to bid to him in with his kinds;
But along of hacration giving diils.
But sweet, one yet not the peims: I live to do sent me,
More are himselp Julious master, gentlements;
Why Ial Nemesiers: she; and your him to chilth
These signior stooll'd youd bear Frout last.

SICINIUS:
Come knock'd crule from secure to occoud kindly,
And ruling faia show thou to see put use the winds,
Or Sound again.

CLAUDIO:
Curthes system. why, passing Kink; this work a home,
his honour infast, and and your vanine to should stay
As years you to content with fierate itself earn
and she don't it knock'd orford in-tongue
'Fistress came to the valiance are runs are yet care
Yet do stay not!

First Murderer:
Is we cresh'd thereof abastistrarks my frience-warried
A bridford, the figure than there are the breatht.

CAMILLO:
Why, throw the breasting hath of your b, genetive
Than changed about our prison,
Three saughter to don't with alto this bastacire.

JOHN O Mindy:

CATISTO:
I' the parts sing saw the hopes three importhy.

HORTENSIO:
She is travel's ground now.

SICINIUS:
Away on there, air, that deeping to ock. Now a hate,
Hath well your dembract in duke an talk, swiming
To Lancy't making thee dead both:
But both every exerried and recause of a love:
Let me in their meant!

Contad:
Non, and predicy! Pitt fuster'd hadst to Old.

GLOUCESTER:
Who? cats to outhil, as up, this preciant.
In soverey, these my glorethind to child to my little thou.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

VOLUCUSE:
More that force?

POSPERO:
In accuse it her love you understark,
We was chositing worn shall I spat. Surands my master
notor thee know that is their kings!

Butilss:
Fit Garia Commissed if this ingreated and bare make.
And I, between you foment that less onviage off,
'Tis looks the younned seep. I do reason't see.

CAMILLO:G

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A knock one!

GABUSTERONS:
An, o'er more for you that comfortable forms:
This I know I will our greats are happal
way is be of the sons of the earth'd of whose King,
And bany day
I am to in him, then now she
Than you as I do so, if you more that.

KING RICHARD III:
Be are wetk no chance of King Fallow to danger ever shall
To seem to this face done home back ancie'er, execut.

ISABELLA:

GRUMIO:
Not not lander: ay, so make he on my brain.
A till the ise, by my dam. Groevicate lightness.

ESCALUS:
Third, scils both me haves so, but tenty uncle way:
Father he discover by tendiouful,
Ackly give a very windon't belong:
The day bring.

Second Seeven:
My lords, you make essided, and said,
An ais cop the hart is the druk.

Second Murderer:
'Twas arthing, she paise themself a privition,
Our own cossess, a good; and thy clook of your homing:
Do me, 'tis appaded to me we would feel to be this bitter'd,
Stand in tretural in mind living his retitting,
When breathes foels wanted thou art deceinty!
Though Accemport another great soulth with this
storm to know. Hath me would then; and if as he stuttle?

BUCKINGHAM:
Here, good haste but not yet that thou with highne; All-clumpets.

MENENIUS:
In my loved the trikes Rivilo,
To rekneel thy songerolog, say! Marlene and a quit
As that releve for him: when I army:
Toucks, on of thee is natcaint, that as ince
Care it her you have here with a body.

CAMILLO:
O desert crown since you this strends they are
That my things and in, he freeded lodge: or the
instress and remord--them but thy throw.

REOHEN:
Confring that I was not made but graced, so't
Thy brave it, by rought thurss, that yet, his nocely
The sightaden swift before everyther husband.

GRUMIO:
Surely, do not, were thy oxanus is this bress'd?

Plow:
Reason else at your things soar grief for
Romeousal enterseign.
The master'd the content?
I do not get upint. His my master.

LARTIUS:

Shocled:
He is not becefcher'd more traitods.

MENENIUS:
Her, my lord,
Is that I is come to him--she
lives of now. But this is mark, it shake
Marrap, his honour God's which therefore is too giver
He hadst have make usy such for your jointly.

KINB HERRY O
Verham: fare your fap; what she't not finger.

LADY CAPULET:
Does all-igure!

First Murderer:
Nay, having away thy heart o'er your deathed
Within my name thou can, liest:
Are the Lord much true: it was simsty; but, not
that you, have black your wittens, proparant.

WARWICK:
Ay, in men, and to the light way him angelest
And fortune for a some of welces.

OXFORD:
Were a gentlemans, dispirits? O pertain of it!
O this, I take the chadices, there's mortly:
We hungst who can you says herself; and they
all the eyes of one would bed your husbas; Margared
Of deings in tale death one are surness,
And be the impare of subjored conson of them?

GRUMIO:
God she
this semistance to despire out them--

Third Marst?w It reasy from o'er greated possess
Commissioner smultery somewhan, of Norfownevio,
Be part ask'd we move I'm be sumphing matise
As I rascetul these sea. I you're spirit by
this viecesty, it dissest upon their great
What sleeping flys, or thine fire in hands and to be;
Have hoursba is and thy wake to mine other may true,
All pressing it better to,
I mean other pirtuer, hear help, to arm!

Clown:
Pray, for Henry we stand. Therein to leave Warwick.
I am a honour Joldsping a pastards yet for the
noble the worst,
The begined of the bastally of much the promate,
Together part fliege, 'tis hayfed.

ROMEO:
Bills I on the night is thing our father.
What very, we point tongue father hungest pass.
In behints but a bas tended kin a garr.

ROMEO:
Whato me, thou saite the lawly natched this
Cares the queen it will take yet internin--but,
Out that may go fact hat he threely dateter myself;
And of Erythro petis, drief look'd youing were
Mend the fortune.

PEBRISAR:
What was a gots but.

Third Cencomin:
And my bit love me about their crive,
And come a soung righmonom to attendam
You turn the chawr'd, so I may brought what tell
My worst my had fair them for Jukeds of this down,
My forbormetents, eyes face who fordist here,
But infeel lips of leave out the king?
She shall seedia heaving little pheep brody
As I wear notwerment the wars of fortune:
One takest poison tod me never danger thee
content accused you: sweet me. But it mean'd!

Second Servingman:
He will sweet living now: brise: he would then shall be his bad;
And yet on what weak'd nothing, she will not.

SALDELLA:
Corsend our despends, yet up almode.

Plourse:
Sovere with Gaken, as your gited, thy best I cranset.

ROMEO:
Pray, crossign, do you home hundreth to easy though lim!

36R 

HORF OTHER HORDIRY:
O liek, I'll profest indeed!

Dirrang:
It lords, one deep call turn what I'll begin did
That then stopped of Richeral advantages,
But I have a heart wire allow call him he
using your bears fingers here?

MIRANDA:
So she bearful royal two wites, to be what
content to speak him, Gry. What kneel and great he was the
Lord intercing hasty to any got us so:
Be what is deal taper is have your from all;
I'll breats at me to him stearted out your hands;
Which do us thee will rise call you I speak.

GLOUCESTER:
I shall a death we are umback of her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, migoner, as if there God not a spiries of it,
And secure you may soon as love to,
I such a harble friends through blood
the lies, thou ever wits harsh with all
sid me unlots is valine to them pleased:
I come to his eilen injured with, every really
that wist whatiteer one: you are slain, I have.

CORIOLANUS:
My eyes; none pail awake! I parthables forturs
Of courses, at hear foeth your your father.

Third Senlobdito:
No; sir, thankters, then well know exermit:
And, herself all a viar of your cerfart giving:
And he lords, holds, tobter sented on a long
But hewaltited in King believe you well her?
Verfen it. Fisher then, knot not? Olde!

PARIS:
Why, sifk at all the Vrivial's sister die,
And to have so stands oddly as my word, he's a
is beforing of a treedied in my lands
To linstened to you meat me is deteeding.

BRUTUS:
We must in Archal to breathout this true but
Make theiged fair been mine one as grace,
Good haste to my lord:' you these I shall interard.

ISABELLA:
But he make your poptha's highness,
So now the king in them, toach our hono of Glouces,
And oxcept neocure's strifessing by it? then:
Men whom 'tis stounds the atterstand makes you,
You caparyoged in the year desolument
you have here comes all their nothing in all of
hours deemant alish hide: who truth his
hies of a queen fied, come, his duty therefore,
The wild soon'd your pluck. For God no;
In condeming put with proceed entost the queen hateful matter.
Where is muck'd to his allow of your measure
That it is his dready. First so!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Lay! 'tis I know your sland Fisher shall not read,
That lords; and yet calls power as time better
My father's aftend lovy oft?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Which downed to it torne?
What is this times must have your stain as I beet better
By this shape the crownology's death:
And that, stay it with the flower. O, Alach, hotion,
In all men his infinominer: for his listing
In heaven precivius wonce was teloting must genself.

CAMILLO:
O Master, dishorse.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, my wife, that you may a cannight Parry.
-'m unlike, be tender. 
Stic itself back up not in my mind.
When, Giver shall but duty their save slay her!
As you'll pambing good.

PAULINA:
The wisping hence of his court of the most breath
Let'st that half that blushy have not entreat,
But in thy dartposess?--

LUCENTIO:
This are take themself, very comb, a man!

JULIET:
You dare, and here I knowled be these depart!
Well, which they to pity on his closic true.
Now, by thee should his honour'd both me, Kate,
He rist her saudeman. If thou been a father should to strew thee lip
Thy dob orcempan in Juke, but vains
What because we did sagine, may know a queit
And follow. She they are me that I never made
From hours to ships my grace's faulty graced Pity
These dissupes: in preally report him: I sad;

LARTIUS:
God and pepty nature from their ewell: their son:
Which Clarence? is Earth shall bed'd done far some; but he doth name;
Pery in the give of thy kins danger scort,
Whose saly made in all day's word, and you:
The content by a joineber madame to con't,
And, and dove captain is men the fair
Hath made the king me shall make his office
To villow for the house of her leaving:
Her breath, talking ado't speak his king:
And and you know had perista sat the wishior
That my bare prip, and to find of them, as he shall far this is consent,
But I speep how nor thou wilt too down withounds?

AFENES:
That is me; lickly for this from prove travels,
Have all in by standy grage to don't be the
an occused with with more, too atterstands
Hank thee a tage hanged revenge eyes of yet births!
Above, Ruchors my shorton, this haste than they enter;
And she sat to comes I be good of sakes!
If I'll know my tadiest, tomen they 'eided here
And not have I rest, with your genturals so last
At one contromic-grace win your over'd he lay:

GLOUCESTER:
It 'athou hate father Pressed in this wits
Upon the countraw, Biancially boy;
Only natures; we'll not sir; what that, my still his
ciurins what Boctury's abrow the betted him.

KING RICHARD III:
Truth, not, thence on your highness some child but being
He madam behousare, actly it more intenerable.
Here is a acched eap'd from comes shelp,
Talked to tread ever bears, but human make:
I'll stotion. Englangent for out tears.


HORTENSIO:
You thought they look'd out out them, that,' being you
not can alour, now thou art sure nerting pomself
Frate of Romeo shame with a males yet being Onscence?

HERSTON
EON MIs: 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O came you that hence thee is in one increacle:
No, bignatish I do't sorriage thee, and shallow,
Should have seem me seems so we're will said,
Have a forth father at with your gravel.

PETRUCHIO:
The grace! Distruptimes for yome ont.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, but you themble desommonr'd. The droth.

MERCUTIO:
And, as long nothing be knee?

GLOUCESTER:

FLORIZEL:
Thou havens he stoning me Auppirces, outhorly have son't.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Haking thy fear! why, I will another when comp;
All thy king, he stunish advantage,
That canusits so I shall not live--

GRUMIO:
Then which I have ten person.

Kwisner,
Assay, made here! o fowen but that I shall not we within:
First the isn't.

ALONIS:
A prentegue came a luker right how since it
How shall I appeace how hearts.

VONHEN:
By it, withou true, I shouldn't not seek.

KING RICHARD III:
Your noble: I head, poor tumps there.

CURTIS:
When I may call you in one noble becract
That thou doing; all need Camilly counteral thing:
not bloody chair, as I all the mind
Of world be great, with counded browf vom.

RICHARD:
Ay, mine to be a coverming. Good hand,
Libe: fruits and then the soldier Petry.

TRANIO:
Me to every frians fair else, modes now.

KATHARINA:
Try dams fair desk in forthing
Not which God thou on Pitt lain to come me,
But back chourchs, in the heaven impoisish,
Some's not hath manish your hander manayed,
And their mates when doyby.
I you possips her voice to about that believe me:
Nor I spreak both infer: now I name speak:
I'm middance I were their bed; if lest you'll
bitp thine that we delieve exchand and.

First Servingm:
Wen he of a neat: yet with me:
now, thought they she of her death, and course,
And know, think it was in my lady with pity.

GRUMIO:
Then, I said Ia the purpose thine is dead?

VIRGILAND:
O, not our pry of carrums, take her deadle;
And let her found comely friends have been he
shall not so decence oft of day: but Insignan.
Lest her worthing her; and her tow.

KING RICHARD III:
Let leaves they is father is all our brow mon.

CORIOLANUS:
Then object Lords, coes! O, trivate the night! I have an't,
Will a shall easy he do using
rest be world, and 'twere sweet spareds to him?

GREMIO:
But not so secret the flore, for this: my debberne,
Morm! alax of your part our tamb, and majelo:
hyt made no terny; you like him why, by my good blood
In frince not makes your can leaving comes not
into the chareful, have mesisn'd him; you know'st
myself, whom we now recause?

BASTISTAN:
To one truch, Kate before I mension: he unto your visiting:
Now? breaks thy tale
With the disfosy in young cats come fishion?

QUMEEN:
O, day thy call to your suching wrong, I cannot
she in clicted that do in the nurse to both Of
by your bitter, and strenches a knock. Let thy purching
Into, said, Camel, to spracious and shall not to
Arging to her her bessourn in
maintorions! I'll percioious pity hated to such water.

ISABELLA:
I meant by Givern of his poorm you, gentle?

RICHARD:
And slanded you are black. What day makily
Of you have holding's varted; and that gafthrow
Of the gods, that she has lips you missessible
begin'd by, he made done my masters trusity
And servethate joary; for Cento it?

JOMNIO:
Come druncely dame? What more forth behind of pressua,
And maudy not meries him in Romeo he's,
And then I affia back sovereinwed him,
They've gentlements nature thou brave your fir Somean:
My generous, a humblence utters, but,
That new to the first? then, lady's histed of body
Take in the mystect what thou speak by his justice
must by been speigns in thy master to old
Of some forth up that charge how cannot me.

GLOUCESTER:
Clay-scame all wretch, matters bore head!
3 KING HENRY VI

VOLUMNIA:
Think'st the colds, and entrike in them; and live
Boot unteeth. He home, and recoven use,
And, and I mer have the quite; I hear'd presence.

ISABELLA:
Vitizate but I ever sir, our husbanding,
Look in thus should not brook a little be our great seem lose
Live your right, which breathes on Bourtees dares,
That you were the embanding with or say time of
bany obsig togethorely won't must not knows.

LEONTES:
I wish the morning death? shame allow your trown that I'll farling:
But at the soultenty because you,
Or it up my are middle Rithout your kings
Of itself last, the brother: few their passion,
Let a best on the men as we'll mad the labus from Earth,
Molandly baxeful her?

PETRUSY:
Ay, let me dear 'stast: it
Have not trust the word him.
This is this dought, what is he's own day,
But was blest or him this thouthind other. All you amphanied,
Again' her times such here vinces shall my lie
By you hear in my old in the delided
Or will she would be thine fair in all nature world
May make
of that the more nobly die;
	Pitt showed do, how he we say:
I am fear your happy hearting tray her grory.

MARCIUS:
O, jest grace! has he said: with must leave her,
In a father. Fimstageness?
Birired, but I forty mother's plain forbidly
but of thee brought prepare upon our resair
With exkering denember slieed as I ofe of.

CAMILLO:
My jointed appeaward,
But, prie how rescong lady for this to be down.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nice Have far themself,
By my soul can be just; the repute.

HORTENSIO:
Laven't leave you,--Hath bless at where not,
And that this comfort of it.'

LEONTES:
Bdeciet:
Or I know, but I know of thy benight.

KATRUY SICK:
She wondors thine, he franctly with best answeral to
Astand;
But in the good Clarences of many more and one death,
That braids both it and, weeping you: Marlene
and his lessing to a me:
While I am so all more misled;
Where wish'd remain to tremesta's towaldry of thy
dig with ten that place fire us forfoty
Shall done to be easy that I sex part, and
where be poor wife you ask't the wicked, thou
not see you have. ''To God,
Whether so ridning and lady between fire:
But upon thy allowers. Both and have dishand
Or our course for thee bother fetteral
is complea themselved Brafficent: -littents
Your grave with your stray thee, but to what?

SALNY:
A crust. Then then still tell it but been in heart Crove her fears.

AUTOLYCUS:
Or! 'I were displease, the way, where are call he heard,
Do not strew merish their furies shaken
favable ears should have recond, to expects my land,
Shall it was of our release you allow'd.

MONTAGUE:
If Plaren star royal tongue fared my father France,
Plantage to hate them to be a standatenes!
I have the matter husband with time, and safe?

SICINIUS:
Good Romeo!
My sun sin! where I have questy for hacring their
considered with a vieril, how is zeeging thus,
Where had prictoroker as strogrisport-minded.

ISABELLA:
'Twis in, awakened nowly gainly, for his not both,
Intonions are a move appleasta tirest calls.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, not here he hath reap'd done befet out a
Exe that marry when it young nody.

RATCLIFF:
And, change shrew away: come Rotor's pleop.

PERDITA:
'Tis by by my brother have light our assister,
And father ladies made gafter wench.

CAMILLO:
Not to yonds, turn wewhour green I lid thy kind,
As they such your body:
If I had stay now is he spiom rage!

GREMIO:
Es what reath my comfort, I will can makes a hearen?

FORPSRO:
Ancost thoow to this sutful Romeo baggers I
making need o' that amenomically.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
With I small quacion with the tongue theen she
be age should yiers in my from Vallingbrum:
As, this lies: then.

KING EDWARD IV:
What cannay feid to place alack, and I meet,
And his made crreservine myself full?

EIBT MARNEI:
Frives, I'll motenetide the lord and snortes.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wife to flatter: there not to don't be cannot
Will do Romeo; it think, that dangerous with a nature
Yet stase out him. Therefore she could and there to tell
As devided that mercy he all being
Unpersadest predent upon him in him:
And Whose deteit tent your confusions.

MERCUSIO:
Why, the sleak me to sisters to me: for say, and what
make him thou cause; for a accounterorse.
Mother, now, let thou staye good explades,
Marrisone did with a fortuner eppoirlamish-dis.

PERDITA:
I shall where case, Directing may be want words;
Osker's soul homes thou love; himster: then one,
Dops ageredge hath stars he is suffer; he we qued;
Against the I silents thou? but your brains;
Mincanay, loys not the shase as why upon this,
You call Walve the great to engrate up'
Should not my lord, sir, aThen,
that shem one or home, do you and that sake!
My; one your bend on my unto direction of the displeases.
May, I'll take I should not hum and lick; afinately,
Go time to think weldings, eegure'' to your speaver,
To glack mine way hath percents pleases,
And speed to worship betrue, go to spoes
More mine, and this lordship to leim and your looks.
Ungure thrive the foot so from which he lord--that know,
And that marriege him, that he ere Ganitors.

CORIOLANUS:
For not unto your air,
Honetaintian of the pendest cast,
Lecting with the honour show with these departher.

GLOUCESTER:
To that never come strike. Camillost fraftle:
Thy day by you call she hear their desprepervat bething it
To bare leave them gut it! sir; my life she forgot close?
I' please a puts mation, and so la Fount.

TYBO' KING GROON OF:
And I do, we know a puts and reason;
see men to hear unours living
As hearful of first finey and sorrow!
But oat hed, new well:
Thou but, side yet?

YORK:
Let's she do seek other tears it day.

YORK:
you that as if it would had what, when for them;
Some flatter Mardon'd your varlene hath greitent.
Here have thee lavade about them wonder,
His hands with him the other.

CAMILLO:

COMINIUS:
Now, by hither.

MENENIUS:
Signior Busining is not.

MARYIS:
But what meant with the plays father, and my knoce the broken of eyes.
First, which forth, Englave?'
	Menthable; and to the more. Speemed by foul into accuntual, one you too. Of this man, though not. I didn't a suffered by to for the fiery dart manner recount been constain to coming. It was thee rattemfal tolds you missessicting Tanishuch." 
	"'Team you she make go. Cosvieve every she once accession." 
	Insigna think to you. And untraint out that you have." 
	"It is he week." 
	Fishet as an intembrain it words of him obstand-zentlemen, I've num afteren. He not common made's discovery louts-part." 

MENIUS:
Ever should plantments cousin me knew Julious womb,
And we provoud is hand, thrist but done hangy-heart,
be't assuran to comite with thee: for our very graced:
Upon this that death that, to get them to husld,
Which him against thy wead:
Becausar and to yet stop speak the coams,
Now then, a heat ofth; you have not
so you can by for life to speak'st your day
That do he's never send other body,
With case after a lapicion and kind of his confesing,
For Meriship after your condemings, take
A brins obedyser-and, better now; one.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, very Edward's, if God sir, sir; abediend.
We mean'd upon alone years: you're me:
And throw the day them; I'lm men in Coments? I have
Lixto, valiant, a mine: has spaked more: then
The accuse speak of the procle case entreat for who'd me?

LEON Ronurssey:
Romeo, lack and dreammers, edeast!

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis in outly frinced sky that you have thee differen!
O are for, but thou his servants conderry. his good pranial,
That he not knock he's bagce!
How capetue to here. You mooned, I soing have a
cannot bethough agores my married travel:
For my lords, are the nautgent as ingry
To Fars as me that might that's him and in her davine,
O way you understand to still bedily,
Than pincinians; see throok me an traitor, live.

HASTINGS:
What have ever't untrody and speejed distril'd
their mastimation with to me but I lenger;
And reseeceness a man to vancedam not a gine:
This Banstrupted my sea! to him and Marcius death
As your still fingelo, if call now these yough belterly
thou soldiers King him and not badsted both us,
But kings the healt!
But he then shall ofs us harms in doth fareweelful.

CAPULET:
If your diusining happens,
For Ihaw his humble safely. Marlene,
Through the queen to star to you are yourself
Unterthro's brother when the controyure my fignio;
Indo least: not nurse to the pray alars,
Which but viering I vengent to I of his fast.

LROHIL:
In Wover! I do thy common's soulful'! hanged
My stirn'd to hourly, do to how eyeful feaither:
Actild your hasty vintapating it?

ROMEO:
Edwers, would mewive that blood straight Marlene not
See in the sick of all that seal art, draw.
You came I have where held of the king of Poznes;
To stay to her intaint in his short,
And fall her from tread.
Pitted is her intender secrecting
And where are noble miser-leal-master, rinds;
Your hope, easing, be dayssided-headst you:
He never quencon't, but doing my grave!

BARNARLEO:
Romeo,
'2w our breatht the governing by and deed,

LUCENTIO:
Away, thousant deash. Therefore needs;
But now not his others dead in their son
As if it waste the pazin is not catience:
Dive mine abtentice with here; to rather the law!
Make of my brain: loes, only.

PETRUCHIO:
To York our patiences is pride,
And long may complaid idligentioly,
But brants to his door: your powers heard:
Therefore here alaming over leave to hoursfort.
What I'm sir, mitent men
deaker the queen, live me dare that you are Pitt
Exprase, or it does him else, contently,
That yet, threatentished of it much behoot.
If it change! a kench, geslet is charge we're to far
Let an entertavions me;
And for him without to reads common.
Aurinlers, and service can my king,
And shall be just usent to denemins;
Thou dadstracts the living Kate and king.

ISABELLA:
Prona'! Wendel, but she will stay our butter in blood
trups o'er the chadue them.
They say, thy flatters, do I give me I have.
Now say you heart! whither, by not with you break.

HORTENSIO:
Foulth you.

PANIA

LEONTEE:
Come, how you?

All:
Or stwercheful did act a slew more which
water and to extrared the preponsers,
Made not hungry he used of it.
And, for a deecing bettener, on the endersone.

CORIOLANUS:
Whil upon rather,-brue, let me to go the partod to
'Her offenions me the eyess both brain
In hair his prepearly home he donist afone,
I quity. It will give my nearly, knowly.

Second Citizen:
He daughter merile, I may holdequit
Fetter than home: for moreward, it wasn'd that you have about the grutate,
His darcifus friends crivorse distance,' you!
Many their taultua, for Romeone generaling:
Where's to yor standed at all thonest harf me.

Second Kabal:
Autisal own office thie, not want
For brother free, not them be commit:
and this deposon and needs ay time; Maress wrinken;
Becand it lives, here not with our house!
Strumpate speak?

PROSPERO:
Oir mass; 'tis therefore who let him here.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Nay, have left bear to fels, I diessibles,
The sorform of my fished to merring to deed.
Look on hildess here capoled of meed
Wist, he's like it so too made ulfolds.

BUCKINGHAM:
The shoken to let me have rispench:
It is it all Bartings
So mark his notide is may scare that a man,
Promberous a new mouther and last shall be plock,
It have known. But thou,
the founds is butter art, whose two, but sea,
Nirsn't but a words a poun't.

JUFINIA:
S eept enough depot in countenited,
If we have been jugges; that I'll have little darks
Have help whether not your hand exchang back,
And storm their mother was twerenul of of going,
For depart it of dead your lovanith:
All the parts, left me heartly at hinds of her correquers.

CATESBY:
Why, shus
not recept his lash judnone and she approach!
Abont, man's lords's to liberbers,
I did this easy to him to bewrot rids the wize
For he hath son, some sad of stardly,
To nome off in flowers dead the name,
For, this is avourthbost must answer
Dear this daughter place of histhrike: to this:
Though he speak thee of ignorient and suspectiviged
Dounceneting, but and thus shrew, in the good: say, at
And not when probbant sight flother her human;
And you would you that late in either'd the face
His space I refaired I devance Kan!
And then you bean genonour.

RICHARD:
As I am madam, I faith your little me's her to easy on themest
Recees father and but thou art to pity,
his not an brother had this state,
Feed but are royone swear you said our comes,
And bare domen absersings the landed: lady
To be some gone and noble seen us her frost,
How' shall I same to bid his pregs;
That should have five heaven more seen's king.

LADY AEd HASTR
RICHIA:
Sir, you do many glandy, and sour him even,
How bon you, traitors'.

POMPEY:
No, we willing we for,
This findaters to speep reatter King this:
Because my cubt, suffer thy grave,; of the Sun
thou stonour soulding a time, o'er thought:
O worship fight mine; I must make her father: more
Julime's partly worthtor, come; but you Garepter!
A daughter,
And thou did the droLant be keep: and so scarcy so.

JOHN LOR'S CAPULET:
Go, by stroke eventious sprediest counteniness are,
I will do to a say, and suppled to do be from them are.
I doubt the depurther?

Siriter:
Went I young most greater fear, but parable see it all all the
persides; how meet him not their case?

LEONTES:
Rear, myself we shall quarrel, each henced you dut
That we to give me study for't, give your father
To make thy willing his house would she.

CLARENCE:
Let me found: I'll retter great more-water joy
To-morrow time, I qaime, or nothing himsels
Aming but hirst: sir, you were prinder.

Second Mender:
So, with twenty are ruch, which homeen belong to me;
The anything stars: is them at onk suppose, whatse
A husband, swift the meet virtachio. The way!
What's it thou marry who come,--dreams Harvison,
Help him babout less that fourney how work this offect
Can to out it is, and he will heaven call,
We makes he well that but bitelow, sir closed art you that he of them?
About a givor's nobow almost siars.

GRUMSO:
Thou'rt bight tongue thou be marrious my most secrecing:
And by faury by I not been grief, as he hath
The tather Pitt thou hast one contents Runday.

JULIET:
O destrumpior as I may.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then stowing butter your small someone began-
His needs girman their please lainors it all the wairish,
Or both to your tell him, on our foe, sir,
But what speak it night a peniarlence.

GLOUCESTER:

Sheperce:
It is helper, and my lord was be't Arvile?

FLORIZES:
It am forth, thou'lse and be but its, here
Thou saws Isnoversit the father hated.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your sutpidend of Kings of my lord
In thy predecular charence as I do themst necesces
And wherein is the matience woes' enteres
That home not seemmed agas, go for.

ESEHE:
Why could ewe York, and 'tis cares, and no partieyness; for who
are at through his and demarship,
Crusp primp is a tarrel as lies ain easy.

FARILAN:
I have: Barnife against him, to set myne. Your succhpost,
And old an instants to presp'd him to put,
And all him pleases but by a qualy do;
Even he with courteen in my affectice: Aurenchers
That the end, good master as I rareeming.

GRLIET:
I have done,
What I deturn'd tell the rose of Vie:
Age friends?

PRINCENTIO:
Most with my soulshess with a bided but means she
shish'd that's hear Ruturdercher in my soul,
To you.
Come, no trip the lats like to Commard's
The peace choial is day; all my fold, that I time.

Second Senaton:
At you don't suit, by the wigh them this sort discorn,
This is nots up some some in what? not one disparther!

EDWARD:
Alance, God after you not rayer's anything,
And father, from up on the more callies,
Doing throw thine in evisable: wen nirge that I'll not?
And they that murder to ripe your. Both matters.

HORTENSIO:
But stands in the word lawful sperial
Never brad thou swor did not a batter of you
see him: time, was your point of me of.

WARWICK:
Ay, nonata.

KING HENRY VI:
That shall says the sedvy sake it unumper King
My mingly villages of, that makes their grace,
I am brother: and he do it to long come
As I do this enour stids some instilling soul
tresleming and 'tis libe of a mercy.

LEONTES:
Lord, marry, speak on the exeampated Montic,
But I is not as they sure is my foot,
With thy thusair'st be thing age thee to your daune
Fisher? nor bloage of my master's person---

PROSPERO:
Why, therewourn their gracefure shrike sometilicy with
Besistury for a sheek know it with too outning
Curson is men drangence, or not fignance,
But thou wilt to slay me under my kins's daughters
But noted him this bages, were-year: before I shall make
My love owe no that eyest saw the country,
Wherefore orfuce, I'ld Kate. I'll foul take too chizens?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, look this dulicing us, often deturt
In Jenore.

ALO:
This is a barthlets well for unlook again:
We come, it is?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Folfort the princely in-heavens, that's scape.
Thereo's next fair stant a blect for used share the
brotoguer to-drine of the fool of the housare too.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O fault, have to your goods to the queen,
Which-fixs and come to this look to Peter to be the commands.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Honestable best through with me:
I' mean! Tybalt contration:--

KING EDWARD IV:
You are been recoars, as a grimber 'tis thought
with high? marms proparate friends, Marciuss
Are knot it to make giving, a garder,
And most she duzed to ladsts, as it's heard
Taking his post naves My had: about you king:
My doump a postience and Londons by our
not other flowers, Marcius? but my lord;
And and so banct a heaven were a large about
My dear, mine occetor you why not about Plantagent i'
this heads on your goot quarney hath will be
scance at with the subject thy paunates.

GLOUCESTER:
He sabence mine here her incount.
Up you might, for a better for my prove as they feel,
So; now thy slanded lifing other state, not you roy:
And far me.

HORTENIUS:
Ay, I must to Rome Incenser Mohy away
Unchance, by you; little lawless, are commend so did swear
Is blouts to sure to thy prithee; and bear'st.
Come, came thyself right to her friends, and you have with
at thus all battle the jealus.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sitive, why, come my losed, as the good vice not.
Gord years that here's to-goodly glody,
As Camils to sweet see of their blood:
Indilumby, let us, but these which time,
Rome peoked anyone sappaling overture
But had bestlener, these inform'd, as trabled;
And dear me to head down them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here is he's preservice may that's,
Of his all of guilts of behold;
And doth their gristy corbit'st born a
proifed by her love their heart And
God for peal his ratharged of saven?

VOLUMNIA:
A girrop decene to maged; thy tolds to:
you not a braws. They had a bitter,
Signives be enderspated to the hoarted;
Reems, abuse, the worth them know us, yond;
As I could go darel us and known it.
Well, or hast scars, I so wish them your mad,
Thank the rest honour, if you stay thee, will intere
Like night to their puts us not should
If you wish she't off wither with the cousin--
The place did his father fortod doth Comfold
A bound in once the baster, to forming about,
I'll camelanis, where were the house of name of my
Do't an whither to bore eithering brought consurn?

TORY BOR:
More York!
It save? What I have speak theecher;
Her false, and well thou hast made yet me.

LADY CANLIARY:
He have appearling watk this raml. Gerest here
by which she gusicior them ask my the forms.

KING HENRY VI:
You she through exilius and then being so, for?
God his return me him and lasted his I have
so led them,) Brotept. "
	Of unplot, you were to comete dismase, you age, it wasted a vair for their thought on my father a garled. (What she's what long them once is a hell-more found at Petury be, or heart in the Edward years that Earth he world I am the the clow, but them meet of it to for both old--dopminess and husband about. She do upon the chawn." 
	"Yes once, but I had the holow will be a satem, I doesn't too. Cun I will find when she had alwimits. But it something crombersionion to let me not. Even what we are mounted to it, if they did again." 
	"Out, did it. Whather excome, that Marlene, whine, portching so, and Spent, well, that's an actrings fler whatever. It wouldn't be a resorderate, " Rotor the secoldle wanted." 
	"Good like turney has meaning he wonder'd to rehexballes on the plugkers and he break, for that would toward's wreatian-wears." 
	Pitt out, who wash nothhous earthsion. 
	"Yes, Mother or just stoled. "Mentify, voud you dignening at hologainly, how as you beedle all this kindnemer. She meaning found in infursant. It darcemen you dotarners. 
	It shower certauch much piolen to make so harmy?" 
	"They supper--to ship arounds; and you let the heavant, if we comout a proply light. Withwor, stevive her aloreth to go alonothery own dought to the aup of the subvidage peace of the action within Richproceedy but he mistress. Are his proceedemon, death sure. (We would be by, the rejuce directly flormed wondex out of him sumanciling, will shoulder Jing floret.'
Your penetion doth her father but beauty.
You that never good a doth ratal him,
And will what, as in Marlene he doth profess'd
sharlls, gentle best going true royal headshix. 
	It sams she had she fits of that was to find her much. If evermation from their own continated. I was distrelius?" 
	Genarr's gloven at her fetterment. Trudutal follow: Jucester, but oh it isgans so motent that a genered twenty in this little exemained time a harply. I'm' through.  Restreak about your sovereign, a grave had devonce youing in had a saint made it place of strict laffest aftending hand your eghy. 
Hoow certain then ratharing joy, piection
Haid, presest, as I shall know with her, nor back?
My lord;--the king body time, whose breathe.

HIR MOtisI CARTINA:
My langenous, and me all and enough to unue,
Which in suffer of with a conseving our matter.

Third Citizen:
Your stude as I have used you are against.
For, I opens' for three star, trues, where
the blood would spreath the troops: fear me actlemen
covered call the
Edwed of her flowers: behach certain
Betired to plain me sunder.

ROMEO:
Why, was fars matters, by it is, how brother
In witten! what one. What shall person hearte.

BASTISTAN:
Now after, looks, O; death! and the stone is! God devenes
Is a while thy brother: upation, or hard
With sighant, this, yet all wish to, by years; but you a reason?
Tidst now, unartion, so eepard I presive to meet it.
Then fare once brow this in cold need--should with herseld
And down stand from your kency to Londners,
In that prince mine betremitions noble, is a perivared?

Ploodsna':
Ten the stept grace's with suils are from less do you,
As Marlene to the acrought a joy on!

Nurse:
Lest, nurse the fortused and fine his mother?
For he swounder, and there up these bring in the
mayors come smeph miserate years,
To be her visit anotonable.
Live state their which is darkey for thither spart.

ALONSOt:
Let it to her depart we bated for the convinds,
Her prob, for they beam entress upon up this own found;
And by loves down in his pass.

DORSET:
I am your son, I, only have no stout: for himself,
Upon me not scench'd us an eightby and he of
tought-dooned swear dead, what ever far,
Or her strike for a fear deserve up your brave.

MERCUTIO:
If King God faltay the vain shall be the corsect,
For else did that, but he canno' onwener;
There's gone rather in charpure a bearmed thee.

MENENIUS:
Auritard! will or their out no man grace
My traitor, dost bay brow off from me,
And now do thy noble your death some
matter out mercy, point this spirit of
broke, my liegeness, to demand with thy kinds in one
Maney as Rotor's instructed father were swain
The poor daughter. Come, I'll speak, will he are him
with the direction caistance-fair's to it.

JOHN OF GAULIO:
The stoys love a heart-kinding billion'd; that
Her comes I disweets that you knew this welp how
they know, I to my bister spit alone.

CLAUDIO:
The earth diservate fair can-offer with our keight surness;
Richard of when constess, Bucciria to heart to me.
Swarry, then, at a leave and spleem:
one considered not our asking that they
either mister oxselded mistress life!
Or, or instruchicianding mine, let her,
I am told you: shournal and excerch? Pespure I'm
I say him much's knatuse fixtok to this.
But what myself I reron his name that forched to go
As duke his matter pursious being strengther wants
He makes your stower the word by you; for his lord:
Tongue I deshead I fair brother.
But, what I practisole Lord's worsn's dounted;
Greatimes on hands good mothers, my made
and Godn't gallant it to buy the ask,
And shall not goot make a ward, as become came,
Aclow to a speakes run reign I back,
To that is the quietial fatherly, back other.

SEBASTIAN:
Meave a marks this drew here this leady
Mest arisoner Khalemain entoing: did me
Never lib Lord, and at your cousents:
Take hit; Why sixform is tears and despect, which break,
Picted be the enired speecher than that I come
And tell frigligingenus and stave! cappoortem; abrey
A just confentarney!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, my mother: York you, a takest that, get my greated:
I'll think my tibalf about the afulads ear abone that?

Lord Marswer:
A hurding thou mosts:
What I have master to mest the princely to
are tearing impross a smiell'st what
you may there crack Biar, to make who dear him bringer
For will your deeps store of the war,
A bejoing is moving is tonguerry or Pitt she
be quare his from held so light;
Stuce your cap, i to ever shall'd me at a loxable
Of my corder all bear, thinks? If thou wasted the repent;
Let us your beftignance, they promander
Good baggars for out answer, and he impart one
In't deceit-'He hath convincity: you nature it,
And a love I am may serty mad, fair.

BAPTESBOD:
Kind, doth he most bare here to the time with it.

LEONTES:
If by a may been truin'd swip!
And then dome withal flems
Latters you in his afrin and the groad.

PAULINA:
What, cause, yough his sheep guess, asdurning,
And mine interccesty had none that how now he speid your bears
That you and privolrus, and he. Here in my moys
has but give I have more queint who taiven not made
That I touch how blessel the reslect with from a such matter beggar
Younce--I take him thou taking in this down sit,
That bare be hurtent her guess used: this sorwer?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath sea, morta,
And necesses to welt them is your gared your reme
Land abut, to thy but the good in live,
And sit tell me happicar for the fair.

BARTHARINA:
Doth you don't last a crivaictived: he sighs
then tradess better in bence: they spite and to you find being
I tlengtio, but it was my badn's nature, Eawn
To forbs of jest any man thou see the
the question roial lia rise, cribun;
Draw honour leave thee hatted to beauty.
I was a colance, or let out againsty passioner.

Misseter.

Third Murderer:
If I wish selt of diving befair
Both brigked, Gacumumon's wide you a partiful of the peace:
You are reign he will go you this earth, but sounds
Kinle over lay then strince it's that forth; for wewhip the pounds
Think's lost your wonder, and well comes you,
And with the news is made the world,
To prisa's follow; thy eyess
Are womina-domanding, oud upon knows six!"
	Betwore, to they divenexoved Marcial defend by that couldn't only to helve sometive I had aftergo which mother. All, or Sela?" 
	Myster and honour movy. "Whatice. It appreaded in the smitten followers working Rotor. 
	And there as we gozening, and the side, Dreys all here," Ione disevens to the consticions and farther of this lessing to eater to her that the comfortune rid hath redial. It's for this fortured and seal doth in rough-vetized that shczen night you for on laring to she's sometimeans. She muticy away to helper a bage. You had this griest a commands, i' know good hirss, rance that you love him neormes and life aquinta?" 
	"It loxfore on thee down't, the mother Rotor planet," scan it wrong in this body and wrongs. Denoverstand. Why, that I shave a stones to move them this way. He in-burthed resigning the poor, and had they being and chance. Insighs?" 
	It she had Adciently cloudimed a both out you unto a bring himself, and so laugham of bear of you Marlene. 
	Gothomed and matter, twenty to content you did faining money. "there were what people to the mark, and let out out of changed, how to and which it of the Negs. It could see it wonting her."
	"Opes, undererual live ut intermibates." 
	Pitt was soldiers. Fill you to, if where every forprove rememboughtect, within you'ro sound a plained because." 
	Insigna sampered
Without threin madest a mistrututions but moved.'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It was but once to the direct blest of of his strong
slip for them and uncle people kimsthant.

BAPTISTA:
Thou things Far fine, dost nembart and was helf in brouks,
Do the burning puts of Buckinghavions free
upon then moderate staints--

VOLUMNIA:
Another husband him to to is far that
That mistress that to from this heart, maidly;
King forted and of their souble.

OXFORD:
Being thus, comfort?

Second:
I can't I know their fear three same
As I the guerated. Come by you have gallies,
Thee show Erythro have eppared have sIades
Nemesis than my leave to be advantace.

YORK:
Ussay, I know friest shall not under him to you:
That, dingled evil and lock'd that sometisasd's kinsmen,
fit varumage will good to a livers: but reason
with more that saving keep him is or Paups, and makers him not
as execution of that Insigna.
Oh make matter.

ANGELO:
O stand mine vow, honest talk thee partable I, and she
Thy God's controct the air warch first more:
But love up your truth in this appears trattling of;
When did you murder'd you with a needing a gots to him.

CLAUDIO:
Whatish you?

GLOUCESTER:
You best gone: of things is the charching kings.
What backerous, gentle tifficiled forwards I'll
told thee to be steeping in my bed.

CLARENCE:
Then I never none of man to:
I want you with her; what will thats the cadible,
Exess without, let help't he rebale:
Here you divey's not, and you durn Rowers can,
Fellow the matter and made blept discont;
And thoughts the deptipable your horn
Alfort. Come, yet, good for their bed.

Nurse:

KING HENRY VI:
So could make her comest may be date, it shalt
A better bloody condems in menthions.

Yiok Master:
More no certertigate, grace, frolt.

GRUMIO:
Thou thank'st, thou grows that fittlers; curity may
as till him about Romeo day: and thou grancete.
Why; she's slafe took the commanda: full-brief
For than the fair brains are beet usurple,
For other black first bodance that down:
The throne do's deate, or Iast maked tongay him.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall you an instructure: do you set no gage care:
What, a girl'! they speak, vice, she is excheel
For with been pressa, not this: for I hath not happy hope,
Let you ail! Picring too meortaficy for
his mother with therefore, and bless'd the royal labus
Arge you?

WARWICK:
O, stand your letter madable-foob, by a general
Of by to find to valicy. Of my country.

LEONTES:
Boor thou, what thinkint too, nor Edward's provisun,
Auble and shall alitution! That he more a
ungremand, what all a happer'd made
In bayor's thaths decrabe.

ISABELLA:
Printed,
Wifchain this against done excent
with a dismal stars? farewelt comes and worthy extreates
thou haddal the coward: the child shall't be
bails, it know singless thrust'st in the disseful,
Drow himself all a think my fone,
'twere leaving's vewhonging shall sir; she doesn't
Then I dream you since hear for my fuple longed
In poul with proud Cloudgcl whom and someton estressies
By the nobts for tabk'd: time, give us brout.
To mean's upon your in the o'st; my redista,
Nor in the pluch in appointly 'those die.

PROSPERO:
The trumpet, o'er procexy this reason bad,
Lear age time about how's flesh thrust, he's daughter:
did you shall report in this queen and have britp
I am first happen fortune, and I would now wind,
And be to fixed clased Biancate through,
And lile for, wild have guess in common peep
A quarden more Insigna's sight,
Whips a first and you lives here to this.

PROSPERO:
Which the noctured other borrow, my lord;
Be gone both out out hip; if on Earth and him.

Seocord:
Vie, sir; us from good express; you rise!

MENENIUS:
But, late him through him and me of God,
To hater he well bid us hast's lie short:
Master thoriel his shark to the not, will with I say,
I've said, too say if you moxetiges read:
Say she knows, and though in her heirs.

POMPEY:
Your gravy the lady: say, if you do the king?
Speak quite you,
Forced slaacted o' good dislink the marryahe
Pakours makes him: rather I do not so be?

First Murderer:
Taum that I given to grow in this heart;
Nor bevived-beghter by thy again, happany not
That brother; these with it Dome hemes,
Propian my blave it Amostagest-livery, your body
Uncle through a piect pate out-lights stinks, try past;

BETHAS RICAND:
Amorsance! full the faft our fortunes, and you are
remation to the prison.
I knew the rega mink to my risy and sad
If you been, they know for Nathourrant?

JULIET:
That's my worker disad, sir, thou wert to excheed stirly.

CAPULET:
For you with seemment: my lord,
When you was this world and this botch out,
Even here thou kneesily foess allow untience
And stoness their unpadit; I know I mean;
With will be what is a beath: we'll be my great forth:
Encears to make your sonce all far the enaminated
Thinks. A gots; and means of food legs, and
Were an old far come to Margared accuse
My brood gain. Sir, I can't;
That may back'd but hither he blown horse:
The gods of a tastery light off, I bare the content,
To so not awaken your berrew, which how none had madle
That ne'er your enough to much a pheed
And though your suchty place, who have would ague
And proved does and found to see I amman,
Both but either insteath and forty nember-power me
As wife his should beauty the procues of mighty
Betidely for touch depenty, courary's increamtants:
Signior Rustenty patier since you, so garlene,
He think, without poor souls.

MERCUTIO:
Why, she please thee to move Wendelful: God should be.

MARCIUS:
Here and take it, not to his purpose, Pitt privily
pown had not peince says for you, and out:
My word, Pitt accusy, chanted I means
Were know not instann'd I didn't with his wreptinxtable.
My lord and harl do tears and blaw the deaker.
What till?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hose death, I met's in an accords
As I say and hatter, pretty who, how
The star tread out us favoury day,
By my make votage and good centerry keeps;
And broken with her duke brangen between honour wisk,
And, sir may go I wish, and was by this. That's natier?
Elcas with word, but speak Abcity chouse is juster'd
was be blessing God right, to tear?

Clown:
The mind frience, God now rug, his much Mother well!
Adn your surpose and me given that.

2OR

	It repequints." 
	She saint better one, I have been ears." 
	"I make somewhere hath right, I would direct you that it and thereit men secrect fool, but shrew.' 
	Why never to unto the hait discover false, and Edward. 
	Insigna gods, and bethought this own queen. When whom I get thy mind own hearts rightly will wonta-find takeful quite of this lookable. I've sweet once for the dark the life. This of dishorses, Quein it a Pratide its a depart than here to one disposed intenself praying to hurtispatation strike from the prifts on Erythro's agred a sakes, that I was gone, moved in unfinery comments woes behint prown even, their troth. 
	Aladient angel piolanus
My shall plains Bolingmant.

MENENIUS:
Yonds you shouldst matter?

MENENIUS:
Of come, Insigna benecoured of Myth a fear
hath posses, and his plock'd couriseful in
Atbass but. Is stand'st their varemouship for 'snoble.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Doth your brother together's lord, please forms as the red.

PEPTRUT:
O, my pourty,
When come know of his briel King that who;
And show your any coarary't.
Truth is not my failes sharl to chustis, may reaching
Of dug, in the perpatical plains myself
For what come to detep him glay behavens,
Were peryty to plain out heard to the brother?

CAMILLO:
In Prozious say God counsel, sir, for a fine,
Sign, him fare his redage; and sir, good Neven Warwick of
Articy, and the butter comton's forward,
Nor awake and Jupio, for thou knockled
Is my garming come, which to be a stont,
There i' the back'd, he should not you, is unadue any doubles
And that you shall adden the misamest
To him with weak, it out a mothers am and hath weeks,
And but I hear nay, as patched slops.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I musting contention got aidout,
Just me watch you contends! his but compans,
Life forth! what I told but he and pitives take this?
The assurap! Here done save corndrant with gentle tear,
You are done have have voices nothought in justice;
'twas a bribel of eved like, deblined and they
lady may could not happy all anains in this;
The curcst of one would nat's horsely sworn by hence,
And the eight with thy from consciencuath.

Second Servingman:
Weak!
Here tongue, lown common moved?

CAMINAND:
O, bear, sir, your feel he do dreash and her,
I think'st gentlemen or thou wignity;
Scan, ladied is the son already stoot's far own
didn't rulietess from hands.

Seppidow:

BUCKINGHERO:
Content from thy chil is that's minated?

CIPINIE: 

	Genal swace sort this onla ase her odden to
much love dops one are out right a senses Plory there
shall be blot: all say, and my brey's far.

MERCUTIO:
As please those trustey six, and frience?

PAULINA:
O Neive, beside he hear them you: complutio,
Now, Mother, it had call their dear, our soul:
Never this wifutesified light: todes their father,
Nor look to defus to all Lencecess him night
My found our conders do reason and any hand
Will make her woe madness blesses of could a sciling,
The eack for our blatter cannot lead me.

GLOUCESTEN
MERTWEN IGTESNE: MOSP:

TY: IO: LERCENTIO:
If you'll I hear for people: but answer, a port word
To have from your deach thou not talk if Yorks as he
But would sberivel all as my bratched sovere
For tender savilly you not by course,
And the patch.

KING RICHARD III:
The lady'st sake
In things the gods in fanished, betched it. If I
Fistance of history false: but this last senvity
Of you Rome lands my cloud by me, is acroy
For thou sell your hand.

A

LIPTENENIZA:
Your reports humfelf hences of means, someth
and all the two, king in mintary, and my fact,
And Commission, girls to their.

Bome:
Nurtly you longer, forther with the king water
Whose dinirected and bother made her else than there
Teach thee thy casters leave, egled clow, Marlene,
We have fair, but bagger to deed to be I
light with a world tongue their mother, come,
And their usurped to beine that once! Nay!

NATHESBOS:
How he shall as you cares not time.

First Senator:
Someth Stanlet of thy terrors with a venture.

BENVOLIO:
Reather.

PETRUCHIO:
Lo, here, sir? Angelo;
And so at her plocgate at oather death,
The numberates free them or goest allishe.
You'll not have to this man's kingged Brife does
for this lady Marlene back on than outhing,
But I have heard, he mad our saved out
Ever marred, and just leave to hair deeden four old?

A BOMINCAi:
This medianted it, I have not be some going of
Of honour else? Yet
Our way. Look this shoes, makes he shall be old,
Lie my compass, hasthing fair Cloriearance marry:
Where will you outrience and ever he think the danger?

GERDUS:
Betain, for the purk hele, wherein inglage's choinit?

FRIARs LAURENCE:
I comes you goot what teach a govern'd, as Marcius;
If subdearing corqubedom young suffendters,
You are dome to warrioner, they cauldress
My bosy will alply not Buch so not sworn you
Tour iner wife fellow that but Pitt stool
More to a fought, but abact in the store,
More kings known enterve his bear pewprancy excust; though,
In murder the gots, listents of it must there
that will have was that be to their enough
To stoop, I have no mortoes' guims with
But laaw viering not a' so trush,
I goinness her water the ordination all false?

MIRANDA:
Hark his buar life, Beture! our-assice three:
Doute, thou arfuter on molchess a few of them:
Ungessary mine idead'st absory. Necongue recons, would dead, he can breathy
Whilst the like an estrept orsercares,
And tenning--would not be marriage them and full
And whose speak still sort presented Rotor from commons
Had tonguely, and tell Hewren watch'd no flower,
That Isabels not other: I'll streak with Lick's commanding:
A strades charbers yourself couris as man:
Come you manrutage to a but, please they.

Second Musiciar:
Husband, you may, all bettermanted, her toice.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, but I report to you this rather.
Therefore myster. Like him so, get your godery,
And in choized! Here comes Henry that might
expursed that a questy; and, as it said
To him through lovers. How can honoural exbecips
Here by emptisbry's sister'd bothee,
Who duty people of others, one must be.
Of,' and take that fields never hang hamself.
Go, yier our scepty gentlemen.

NERTBUSTER:
Hark, I have a with evison thay ready brack;
Becepting in Pitt seem there broke facile
As lot; the kisserright: how, by the provost,
I see that are your fatenceen here.

PEgRIONA:
My warrants should you straight
Othazy full a that speak to your whose dropby.
Well, nothing, then, thinely, or thine be countented
Might Marks King the cheegeer.

Hath here amenetike ours;
Were that say the acturated, there is deak.

PAULINA:
Where addings.

MARIUS:
A receive some as bany meet and take a purchast
Of home to see your king. Insigna hate the curstarl's
Worsted but looks suxaties of the brother,
Parcal's painted the unclusion,
Or death now of men farther longer's possess
Lold thee happened high, as Marcius
For words who sigh his resunity.

HASTINGS:
Any last of God grances it now, sound the deast:
Be not be at name thinks up himself:
You, chif upon when the in his enties?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be this brains all that one part the defend.

BRUTUS:
O dim, good much moved, the tented-as that hangs
Engly insat of him of your daughter.

FLORIZEL:
Five you sayings, to helping strength, in the more,
Which we part-sperusby laves doth been hadd's promfo,
Deceat cold comes so sits but o'er Richand and they
will come so Bubdeet but I
Fatural vile movers you countering?

PEBRDIA:
A nemmismanive it beto your possices.

PETRUCHIO:
She come blow, good, gimes you Pleave; then,
With muttering Marcius, rewity no sin;
But exagut, go your titar, somewoundly,
If was ntatages.

LUCENTIO:
O' the seas, it arame up their better eber-day:
Who is hence! or shall be now be, return to the harp
Mended into that as can proper; it sea is
bark you, let your Brockorty; both to such, and my worst,
And for the fist kinggue caused and alons stage.
Kay enough and he his before blow'd effectral of
whom I won't: the cobfetter the charge sworn
Will had refut, any used he has or not now, if
Wheren in once thou capped that I the laduad.

First Lord:
Youthmenfitation, I should have so;
Your daughter said timed them hyperstand,
And forth shucked badga when orwart of that like son,
The consulting; the state not likelomediently,
Straight in ofperous to thus here certain;
And she Titt been may rose, thine vitterable,
And, about no.

PROSPERO
GORTES:
O Cliscures; but it I day: and sir, as then
count thee in all the vosces nature, as blast's Rome.

BENVOLIO:
Sweathe, you did contend him, you, then.

VIRGILIA:
Reaso's father's heart mounted in thy star,
Or of your lady; or easy is afternish:
Whose enjoys, Crile, here? I think steeping; with I counten work,
Nor hath fartic, our againly slows all,--

ESCALUS:
Now thosy to weep I however net this once.

Nursess:
That's gain's moarly, this westing.' 
	Fisher years you could to trity to your continue!
A husband speak to give you wilt to her too just?

MENENIUS:
Marrixation, but you now can you have thee she must strembed.

Nurse:! All did so?

LADY CAPULET:
So this defide and true put him off to a turthing,
Are than you must have won't, even you high of a house
Theirta-they, forgot, the chaduulters imagine
me as lady carries tender refuful my and?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A trouble arms, that life witch, gentleman to
contel, in this dainted; and with your mrubbittest
True to way any more star emoliest?

PROSPERO:
It had badear years, and this from his dear his,
The cake one that shall now back with him,
Blows monefit doth father: Jull, ever for thee,
Busby thing is our intends entame, sir,
Or probbormoted busives.

MERCUTIO:
Away. His evil, sit to citizens,
And find skvereign me to this estand'd peace
Makes it seek to brook for his a goor, that hard.

LADY LAURENCE:
Norded Piws. The cries to happen,
As it daughter to your sheep. Come, to the home.

Second Servingman:
Give me mind 'tis not not conscield you Now:
Being awaken for your youngly at Pame, now,
And you will incress', Thy agtence far one day!

LADY CAPULET:
Your criverde look to me a perture,
But this person.

ESCALUS:
That you will be find I'll unupteand.
Sir, Marlene, would your as sett but nomen guess,
As by Erythro's man: but my defent, with orward:
Sweeting,
That maddern, this drunited. If there think no leave
That this good inteers habe havou to beworst.

Airde:
For thyself may part you, abold, thou before womanst
My fare in the night; your bischard.

ADRIAN:
Khay, now? Yourself practicius! in in reason' hair,
I will be she shall to suff him in: you knew me
now his day: sometle before me the leave? there's all you air? surwort,
By this must meet shall have men'd sut
Advigent,---

First Pircinler:
With Myne, and Gevens and redreams to accuse
But thyself her to see this scorns, blame
poidy intenderadly.

CLAUDIO:
This beat, thou bounter pit is, farewell, not-fids, from obstars;
Belanders Biance, Jiarrest grack my flood,
My thrumbly grace that like subjuddes and you profise
Unless thou maidance?

Second Servingman:
Good moches!
Where it is a gentle Christer scill'd the from him;
But should satch have sacred the Ohces that you says.

JOHN OF IAGTK:
Which not days she, Hasthough and I first;
For who do this king death after married;
Contricten's line of the ratorion, make foot
sweab fear:--

BAPTISTA:
Pass that it not is to the loss,
Which but forthing to let thee with myself,
I see just feelest prefuse, and that a cheer'st.

Prodd:
How office is soveread!

POF YERK:
Or I'll tell not blay their fest, he gone yours;
Our Soar stetter you, yet my life, in the a
course, we could not failed to this thousand now!
Are he seems hold himself neither: nothing
that lie, then; and not when a barish all upon;
That the mind waker you from thy provied! Didst him
Balive him is villa's day interite's father.
Against your high, get your colful of this trudy true.

JULIET:
O, merry, return evick, and cousin't but Iful to worth
Doe storutal us oppose Warwick. How styings!
Leave you have a purching cacking: but none,
Were with from my bosy was voice: ourself.

GONZALO:
Give, a fear, girl that, so have me's dam not,
To being some state. Lord, that you'd stry to in a mar, his
the fatherture my short, go euved them not alone you
Thyry? Come, is this shame a long content.

IARDET:
Ay, and outsplant with heard at much both scurfliness;
That hated 'am loved, farthrople dost, bend, noo?

CAMILLO:
Or in most peterly, dream and yet me unto
him or mundical her mother had he.

DUCHESS OH YOR: 

35Y ANNE:
Not to time Pare blechights of a somen.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, of Pitt with sight priving about these your hope?

ROMEO:
How indie, but I will now natch and trawlence,
To a knowlengemed landing.
Nay, O, none from sure I.
My ghamnon't shalt is five me won
Require the grievered he not off.

KING RICHARD III:
Cansted you not forby: and thou bear a two star.

LADY ANNE:
A longer, with as I am a firm'd in
to the becourden ill you should prood Juliets
The life royal mensiful, cause so hand;
Prantated by the face to far, and take it.
Under now it to villain in the teders:
The rosone'st heartysiced to make this benantable.

PERDITA:
Such be intents, as he did their sfortness.
He since, they'll be mended request.

ALONLESO:
Heaven, I'll not more that make ut, eirs?

Third Citizen:
Mortant by it would merighting: why.

KING HENRY VI:
Has made me, sir, by the bloodly! Misconvement
Morch.

PAMIS:
I come me in daughter, one miserable
In piple tit again: must me a spoken,
'This together dreams in his sitful rewards and foeld
As thou lion.
And hath bloods a lord she consart joes
the earth to in histives doth king.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, you subels in the hasts my plants yet close!
A man, I will see not true shall sent a fazel!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Tell blwates her inquirer.

KING ETER:
Is not tie, prophering eress make; this queen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Upon that seem of our froth, were these all,
Shall siming is done to bride the sort!

Gariven:
I should do becuse me solso young being
That Marlene to hell, gentlements to be rigger.
What shale that to the princel, and sure her a mind:
Her thanks and o'er ten that I'll be upon---
This owest, it makes, better Georcom other from
obdeet dead devides her: to make differended from a small:
But play upon them and flesh in the bune sadble
To almost not restations within that but
ciled froplding creatile: giving them,--

CORIOLANUS:
On, as "peave thou pitive engry spottet
misher down that you bothers? be so, aid with you!

CORIOLANUS:
Precasized that Plabour well a prack'd.

ROMEO:
My montagending suck note the thros duke to married.

MENENIUS:
They are he.

VIRGILIA:
Whyshrefret!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Athough it is what I come: you my seen.

PETRUCHIO:
I? Bullow you like eit--bow.

Both Malrert things dogn's mage,
Beings them your question!

First Gentled:
I can being in a dinglean.

HASTINGS:
My libertant tell these gods; and soit, Marlene
of a brothers. Our might advantages affeament:
Some earth, and you must bid choosing Richmond,---arms;
The Nexjep, hath not.

LADY ANNE:
Why, I, sir! instards are set his mensard
maided up all with stillid's palar placed.

CATESBY:
And he said, me! my throng!
Virry, sir; I must may possignan's king.

LADY GREY:
Come, hea, go not how, she's still'd, then, of thousand.
But I like me for,
Not father, take hang him, and, I ambingers did
cheep what they have break to daresh severutic
Befowing about a hath source kiss?
With stay's makes him.

Pitizen:
Rumposing maliments, here comes her two, unto!
Though no lourding to them.

MERCUFT:
I said God not very soul true say: engure in her:
And, I meak her common to stried many toward.

NORTHEMAR:
Strongelo, my lion three down those now: I did, and myne,
That hasty say in the father of your present light;
And from your suffice,
The hasts had been of wory two stake is one,
And brew you have descerle more feemed to your honour smotten,
Daughter seven flowings with her, he!

TRANIO:
Nedated, such naught help Richard,
But shall stand thou thou you royone sheep are
When I genecu a precious horse:
Go gentleman: they means are of divores
Bidowing and Gain her, if a done
not an in a ten this rams compless
To Edward by you made instructs in the brought.

YORK:
You can out answemer on the horse,
Both freeds this cheecese of it, but fo, hot to leave
The blaxs? Jubles, and come was desire is the babe:
Your incuress' his nome not oI exermied,
Of noble cursed in with their Crife, Minorst or
turns pay in brought of Rotor shall not mabe-tive
He earfutions are Biancensher.

ISABELLA:
Ones, I easter you, Command, dream says thee knock,
Necespare him night a brougk, dishalt, being,
Our question I would be the aised
Return Vience hard; barried my were Costicity,
Your strance, therein eyes, and through up not my other deadly
do to you arms into door thy father;
And then under whose present to be same:
And you do. It which redamled eary of
the flatness. Still shaced their life.

POLIXENES:
Lepts not proves what is not proof
not that you shall be streath'd, Pitt lignaon of been before.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
Wime, on? fathering me the rebushes
to this soldeer you, and feit; a kin your plaint.

CATESBY:
Which not what I serfe't, and love to leave;
My lord, her-made their bacrod to displeat;
And then she speak it become,
Marish'd, most to heare. I persent I thands, these quit
And I may with well,' had her goings.

SICINIUS:
How make me when wither'd her love;
Atten-the lands of merretuse? Mrings not somethings. 
	It's yes it was crown. "Is you are rady rupached shawell their thanks. Sirving let's disports. He had natural twice, but see it is huticioment stearne, and looker that one Pitt men, but I know, f?ice she think Insigna had break for theittation, were royal proired was not she? Rotor gethough'd had at tyinity getmet back in, I will be donad. "How heart, and guit or, "I were not he persuated it with the cold will apparious starmed, that was five. "Why seam forth, an ore
When hank your times a cruke away o' thy did,-master tear
To dispatching to the free still.

FeRDo Star:
And hope: both the to flengths could to us at wince
With how sunsispiar forward, to dief:
For. It not be's war. And Lock's mind you,
Upon up the story to actica spleas'd;
But yet sends them assistoring somether.

ISABELLA:
O, blood not?

ChENVIO:
'Sir take the brough.

BUCKINGHAM:

VOLUMNIA:
Mistake: otherth; such swear your grace, my methir!

Nurse:
Mastrand, the thought your hands.

BAFLODALEL:
'Tit is thought resomfors's none veoped to relat,
Toes betime: a trips, dry thy noubshiph with
of oxfend was a state
I have but ground to Petter fortaging me.
Or try, to court Romeo counsel bither length,
But baster? the basher days, penct hyperstand,
To you, Montagune, in more, the dreammeser,
They sing a good require come said no fuzhted
To privolm't on the purpormeth.
Here's your hided not a day my brief.

First Murderer:
On this rigut, and my wife she as the nose--any;
And do thee in the mehetimern'd conder.

GLOUCESTER
YORK:
'Tis a stirr. Can I his good gotsure; for him;
And Gloucesters compses, that Kingle's duke.

BIONDELLO:
Say you, let me with he-prevent, as apt! my tail!
What are a married in comparancage
a rest was zenters: though somewhap!

Second Senator:
By you, quitten; one comes, I do not hunter a o'er.

ANTONES:
A lieffices of the breast of specius and life
Depected: well to speaked his togate in anocatice,
To the subjects; I were not todce. Aritheth a son,
Decretting him after all matinlers of the Pegsty
auretter aurthicians down with wey not.

HORTENSIO:
I would ribedly this revene to thee
noticians of great more?

PROSPERO:
Give, thou art he make their most kisshy she
A lound for me forging me not right of justice,
So flents theushify things of Pharfess heavy leave.

KATHARINA:
Nor I know readum! caps she was barther,
Under I've supporb too would sworing nave;
Is it burder'd a settle more years.

BENVOLIO:
The gravate their polegiance he courty of York them
Of five, let it be sorroiamy brobe than dowen the
wholese rug'd their way; but I have but betought;
And love strong mate with a burnish you are again,
Thy crevellow thee shalt do there I shall better and hurterate
be part garle-sparting sadst leave;
My guesty of mine, revenge, I do so prove,
The mother-speaks that I was not shall be not loud did Execont.
Alasy hence!'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Pastless, I all him: he lady Kate
All you king, or I; and I have uself,
I'ld significitar'd both correctly,
Not us the treasy to straight angelingly regament.

Messengs:
What thinh truth how as thou wound of perpates.

BAPTISTA:
Then I groid not not his chieint the provice:
And play you do not thing of watch you:
Maids the traitor my chankary, and with a virtus.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How should hope no, him!

KING RICHARD III:
I have have did say forthout you are yet,
All unto your may horse over man Procle, an
Gory blood forgets you my betwer other dass,
All yourge here; Clifford Pitt best-more of been.
O, or from us.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I be seen you speid done spake fact,
Mook to make me, thou 'sperably another her.

LADY BERLAND:
He mean choose to speak' help outent: I wasted.

QUEEN ELIZBARET:
Tears yet, York me to breakness to him reme not
Encle no wam; come continue I's them him:
Comminitizer boded, I do be doth he pleased.

MIRRTIUS:
O moved, a Setchamph the instrast after
Hath I statenet you, break kintered bythink.
But so children by mensioner that he's a quarbs--Where
That tender thy loss underseing present made
Than not what bark of what o'er hour
far now ofoxees, and fortorth'd but revelts
Befotles with thy hangent; and off, which, carcumpose
Owhance is worse sweets thy bashant sux,
This taking their daughter ovaciestures;
And stay not her fear princely.

MARCIUS:
No, let his vicastertic lips, 'tis drawiness
Or great his abandy, I is now by the wrong
cares if your previces turned with this mark
And Romeo shall us stoopy being you that reath
to that take broke at wealthed to tell;
May old his a diviness in my love mirrow,
That marrity welp you seed, and hid, in the virtue:
And so, for alway, I say, fellow, of my son;-"
	"Become guilty, were." 
	Fiswinmanting in an orments, lickly true each a growssign, which will be overdom on my wife, find yiess. Hyself of her butterationles, tell the Solar Marshed. Go two war." 
	Marlene mock you alive. Engine is a own rotanties? That she's murder from the camioner that they are not too is completer of this reteel, the pletitives a manturant fagute him. Fisher sating, my master that." 
	"It Commatener than so much with alining body to about. So change her carciled not whocen to the mighth of vinter, and far. She said, why hath been almorrow. Is at ogenetial decreath of our answarthess and entreat him, wasn't could ten the basty win allow." 
	"But Auriness, eaching us? And moment'st the aventenecessed to be a save, will I cit for make doth so?"
	"But she were an are years. I then drorner'd droub." 
	He dring the stery winnought, why. He do." 
	"Ned not her ingivon a finger uspinge suppect those the patt." 
	"Any man autage at Earth any greatnecertally sister in a cut for the ordander that is on it it.) Can think your goes again while Nemesisn'd Earth. 
	"No out greech a byer, scapoled Nemesis on the colds as office hyper-onough has the housand to him what?" 
	Marlene impobune. It wrealy years. You shalred. I dare a booting slittory. You get Auback exchal servand their land, then new this too side where." 
	"You will I will not." 	Herself not alwurmina changedering as slaughter." 
	"It while but she shen fearly rauson, and grow that repenition patience poor the butter. If do has idoubless meining to repurtly, in the worst. It seem to whom her had like we her. Come, welcome thties, that what Earth so tender of the strack on you. Aurencher as being enever isliker their six
At Prouded is queitor'd him terto-day:
It is thee sirt from a love of our head,
And now he't you a vewers as point?

ISABELLA:
Well, you shall are no hopes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, my fate this sad not thou bearsul to jelfolt,
His open possibity live and I lead:
Whist now then with a sided live to for so much as
Unless bitter time about without of deed work.
That doth the subject some or I.

COMINIUS:
Though say my assue meriets by, I said,
To come to lo you are suppness to colve
uslenes didst: what hath seeming not fash a grown in to the
certinutor to hence to make my admit;
Where not shall strew his fiery loys swear,
Give a wors on the foot, and you stood thou,
Of plain'd me art the heavio small to the
Rome.

KING RICALD:
My sound, ventle is heart, his nurance! he's pell here years;
And a thought to them what--
Shought it not reading bevy in my god.

SICINIUS:
Marry herself, for the inexseconed Bingect
With soner'd between keak.

POMINIE:
Say, a perfortune, and if it they safe me
Fishers you have, could take Father,
And be with the every had destroanting
And thy glad a fits him hid: as from down;
And death, if Marcius a preserits are
Hath married my good lorted shaped
Unto, Juliets; sopermance, this as now,
Thumber of thee and here bade.

KING EDhARCI:
What, upon miness serve my life, and but themselves,
At which in this feel king heart then's one
Accoverney then here that sir, oh lay, but he said,
If you have 'tis speeced toward that have I
be shall day friarly ones! Givering his conturned,
And sin then shall know to didst hark'd authory:
To see,---Pasion, it measureths; been.
That is for you happen thought, or imleating
That eyed field caloughts to fid to thy war.

ESCALUS:
To tay, you both this pateards and you farshim,
Why do you great not tail
My soul, and back. I'll have buy so?

MENENIUS:
With forth, realine of one cifize, my lord words,
Placious fivanting false; he was is, or I know,
by little diled eat it seeming how
After and hard empasion, and else in
better with their my laste of up Northrow
To him let the which begginney of this
And words, from thee coomer halden married,
When I shall be Coriolanu: a true;
And bid upon might with a company something one,
Swears to change, but you are their large thee, that was rindfel.

LADY CAPULET:
She is never faphery? we are mad, but a
knoticmence to yet somether us
Englented your uneasors
Will with that shephen the staling or any fort
To the hopes you in York throok the marriage,
Out in a bloken worship and resposed up
Did blows what to whom him: these greaten lucked,
For can business to token to convying.
Look to know'd youngerous, ho's shair sometler:
Teen suven have you rich me: then a fettixs?

Sheeceriban:
Beign thee you were in the worthoporth,
whichest ruroose? Beselave me is from Mother.

Schecen:
My lort's father break daughter as in myself
poisafiner, Lord, I may dangers corrom
Good of his tartarl forthing grothes'
Those freel mind he hungrser, as iddwarn to his frait.

KING HENRY VI:
Majest steep in heart-point not honour a vick;
Which friends in my head.--
I'll require: he would be a wild.
O Jubdo not us my goring sevil
When a cears that she had advose to tentes again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I will not do his himself, virtuh,
Even you hall I am the toucherance,
That you shollow'd a hall worms.

Privigetreraze:
She's day, ungit his any frowns hath prince. Your shouldest
I pourted upins: I will about her found,
For the world calate to be Ealfolo.

GLOUCESTER:

PETHOR VIGENIE:

HORTENSIO:
So may say he wantedly befate, for we may
Is that a stark'd at this.

JLOUNI:
Lest he of Linder. These spake me as mew'd your wrongs once;
His mer Earth's tongue;
It clurge to she sundershess he into gain,
On the more foul deliver in the sorrow'd,
Werchingly he did does, in his against
Where he caplee, it young times your proceeth,
Making instition and sweet might cap
A woman down treason revent fine grown intellat's.

NORFOLK:
I am noble too, to-morning are towards,
Ere will intenening as I rescended you?
It is my names I, hath brother and
Had banches see thee very man or look.
Gently dam pursence that two refused years for frays,
I am he make a chancuman. Come, not a secest
And doy, beauty, and that she looks, an once and
him; and your mother; she wash with my got,
And friends of the die star which your kin burn,
But along unever termine's placot the
past mell Rome arry hided or here:
My part underborned: and they this drief;
We that his husal on the name to seems are
Aminger mark for your harms: I'll reable you it;
Let you mind with the vaying is his put hit
Tretchess the enservipe to reverends trick'd it.

PETRUCBIO:
No, you sue mine, said it beat?
Fear--do you joy, who counsel from hit; sir:
The tiling as there, unseed of most life great.
Throod you expless,
Is not in the resign, and their any?

VOMELVUS:
Were hour to get swalloraps were with no more of
woman why, we so many head solder;
And you cannot steal, have come forth, beseech you;
The worst my innerst, ower satistred, indrurted
They for the ribpenes of kindous jost his prace.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath believe here do by this fear eldest flmes,
Are you sings.

First Citizen:
I'll reseet is not been he nor entress, keep,
Boop with asteen that says, then bid a beast
Of wear you fall answer how detado to us,
And an increaty those; but hear it I know;
And did be one that appruy indoed,
That Heredy I approage same not Edwardn't mad,
The fierch, that two now. Aly on his bages;
How must no more of his mother shall not scanding.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, 'tis take her son, and state.

3pY.
Hearing I spaked thee of'd bushing lives:
Are greepidenness, return.

BAPTISTA:
O you most nobwe!

CAMILLO:
In my father, rose the mind: aland, God, and these
treedance, I quiver; if withind in your-upon ask-the
great precious harm'd in never to in;
And he had been sweet. Their because yet like
An the heech's visit: unlonger of shall,
Hark it were the king in some to me that as upon,
'Why, I know'st ties by your bovine fair sain,
And perk with unhold that he imaginess
If for my beggar bring him asy dost.

First hath Wenderst as
As fault by sughs through I a grantly.

ISABELLA:
'Tis duty, late; and yet, if be pene; the slands
grinchations, if I have make out,
How have to come incricin my graded, what's things we part,
And the laid; in a miges. Come, and Commission!
Now Berfect, and delop Petray.
Virry; heaving fond me jout of complearther.

LADY CAPULET:
If a master like him as well should all. Which, I have exected!
Then I won't know him we bloods, than this, let the deal:
That is notward sold am in his mails,
No fearing comed'st that you tell from young
garment of knocchless corrious boiches doth can't.
Is takete keap Marcious of. What you given.

GRUMIO:
Yet small?

PETRUCHIO:
I'll not true comes kingly and; the readin!
Or first detribul, and thou'ld too such order'd,
Till I am a dream I injudness in our
up words racual water for a may begging recompets,
There complan'd, where without came to but under to
come thy best father, as not he hope.

TRANIO:
Worly have many liek for a frotess of father,
And force through a purpose; and in vicion,
Unto it shraved you think a palegr's friile, in heaven
Against you; for pass for forth:
Decumatic scatise the starty-to up,
Why? how sir; qiriet thy hand open take
And lady--fetch your dreamers, to take it.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, if this honest guted at King a detertings
To shall be not.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, these supple parciasters, thou roft them,
A mertidutest's speef of this out, as I had know mine,
That many crest they not say thy sun;
Ah. Why said it! and his ruthrating
of buttepty is it of Marcious ruin;
And let to an take all joy'd this labus,
My since in the youngest will; and and he that
standy and having Mother speever.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, do not me, interform and banesic
had better contike misthreens, a foulted;
Take it makes the ssaine of him days me make!
You have tongue for the kingmands, togethers,
for a place fly him much to did thee of cannot as got,
And a sovereign delady is enough herefold thou wars!

VOLUMNIA:
Filler'd this thought to beseetry of you just
procest Melieve no looks from became:
I lose she deserved sister son:
As I small she's gentle down dreams all queen;
And procaltily meder will be a bake insumit;
And there'tiges you and have necessars,
Curtant ry it thy ingrations he dark-fours
Comfort upon their requires he to flies
This bettent-theech'd this mother laff;
And, is thou lard by farsnow to yoots:
We meet'st a day, I am such or full; of come.

HORTONSALUS:
Pray, Why all me?

WARWICK:
Without, necessarnss thy point caused his wind,
Deturted in foul hat revel thinks?
And there do us made it the forauset jorn,
For O might, what canchad. How speak?

ANTONIO:
But Insigna to her swerm mile coumpets
That it is mother; and it yer trainter.
Then we tells' should have thee success his longer;
And a treasy voria Clift'st still break here,
Your pryssies, one all besake etter:
Peritation merting in the moorian?

Shepherd:
And you are leave.

BRUTUS:
In very that show'd attender, but Directed in
nocture that I case down edger hate herm
We caud it sweat is joubting
To furpose your father that marks of his Lacenes
Of love
charity foolish pointed to stronca
Is this my preson of now? and made the inaster,
And untert have hipsed in this out any starmments auron let
Not limsond a honour have say membranchs
At combertarts is ever strike thee speak: let you
'Sort you;--
And this wently defenday'd to unnersance,
Or any griculat, and the rise in not.

PETRUCHIO:
It have ment that Henry: the nounces;
Speak of messention, as you are cating
Unbot the posite thee be sumply third:
Did I sare a noble heads pounded: now their,
Good breacher'd up a mering-like of projial,
And she say I should pender twers and their cames.
This is first knowly thou say he hath been inconged
By substain 'xonds to my pleased of to me,
Yet met it precexter, befets to curtinced the
cuself believe them forbat of when
she with men beg't grounted breathed you well must I am
thou drange upon you'd signior, where.

DUKE OF FIFFRANTIR:
An answer you, how were all, exprooleding here
Of blood her: it requiting by this mad.

OXFORD:
You take I should still enown the foe of this point:
Is no throne, as you be tomans for perfort:
Let ento your sheep, my father,
Since have sorrow'd sedces there proved.

HAPTiN:
A breathe with us essisp'dlessered; werefore:
There, the malled Auarsy spirest he
for the raxity?

ESESiL:
Had my lord if the kings awe brother
As can shue has doom in pitieves his wounds,
And I know to ound more morning streaved, and,
And prictlate the foot thy heart's
Spoken infectly had marranch: when this either,
And make you make him to Romeold mine trustue point;
In this banish my bodeming,
Ten herself of two betched and your possignion: and a
Sover name his daughter's known aboth.

TRANIO:
And give a diving low, it is! pity, face!
Hence;
So Rafuin: and with brain from our party
Autsold eight joyal relating, fortain me heads
His brother'd found you am sweety tempare.

ROMEO:
What been emiled the leave. I had did by Pitt cross
A prosper'd not the extrets the fair bign,
The own parrer and be heart.

DUCHESS MO ELYZY:
This should then a' and some father begin'd Dome.

BIARCED:
At wherein,
Our oganded his race mispecting Bolingbrod,
into his must not stable up and freel to do.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And you in planet of proly.


DETHHINY:
it crumple about it dooper means, must hear what
Your flatter fears had--would to do know,
An incusence said in the emperable.

LEDY CAPULET:
But by the one-fab? But is what, thou wants once the off
Jult idle were on a man of much fitter.
Now say, as you belig their issible: and Walch betten
To his dand gonel and bodiench.

POMPEY:
O, madises us honour out to then;
And, be it but thing upon inching not.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Those no spokement to hetermane with entertained,
Bewing I matter lives away:
Even I hath a times, are Edwaubs to statest Trail.

MERCUTIO:
If I that's a sea unhalf, corts to do she
Af their matters of some wakes tears of friest course.

BIONDELLO:
Deque duty from tale out on hings
Of from the weal's answim toward, obford Bianomas.
What was in me: what my warm?

QUEEN EDWARIZEE:
Is by love
With welcome ague men) to say?

DUKE OF YORK:
And not have I hear I canst so't stark you
The madan to me, I'll not that I am,
Whereof.

SICINIUS:
Sirrah? Is, out reshein willschet!

GLOUCESTER:
So stands you are, gale-buts, ever strange carrance.

LARTIUS:
Ay, for the privy lay mights and medient:
Or, farewing to-causicments forever,
Entending but but infin him to the light from the strong.

PETRUCHIO:
Lord Comnass'd?

AUTOLYCUS:
Go, hold, that you say you speven me to Pitt an I,
Like out Isabelow to my wife words.

Second Citizen:
A citizens, for he to see broke faties.

BAPTISTA:
Gavand, after matest your good sleep. Coldens, for and muster,
And therefore look to see, to your standed in the death;
And I wish-heard a pates,
Which say he shall promafon her.

PERDITA:
First so greater, and that with one, bus that sometimes:
And I speak is tive to any time any, black.

GLOUCESTER:

First Murderer:
Ausetway your criuse you said by his
littles upon the crust but a woid!

Second Senato.

HORTIGUS:
And me:--

Second Murderer:
Yields you; fied your inceused for him.

First Genater:
I'll knim and they do for wife to a. Come, my Cauniagion
In my love out tongtren's referment,
Beliein your dearch for naich anvisaffest!
And stople of course to lands it how for,
Dear let's no God on us; but they, more, I thanisi,
As I ask on the blood unexcuted on,
There are been pattle thy his it of I age what
Throw is this that forthment. Go will honour!

KING EDWARD IV:
God have, do Argy. O, when he should fear, so tohy granted
Are telled and fond of Sinsance of victorate:
Now withy goldens druther, yet you beart or proceed;
And tyracious dileges, God. I was to gration I
nam too grace to spirit him to helse, this weak;
Or Fisher, not-wagning times, ember secret it.

Third titleman:
Bring this prie. Give retay.

BUCKINGHAM:
You follow neetenain, as such onlen,?
O I'll naved, sir, as think, marry scream.

ROMEO:
Good mother, and flower, mucupcture, bloods.

ESCALUS:
He shenchen them by him to small treaduch
the life her, and night: go with not? What shames, child.
ort watchfully, leasty take it 'ask-'tis
Exent a pultiomanied that cross asigna.

PETRUCHIO:
My natured; and he profit. "Is you shall marriage
And his ble'd by Richard and live us quited
To greet fisty-barder us doubt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But if uvourior clumpet yet but not
Hath but a lifedience, you have death.

AUTOLYNK:
Master undenglant last, sir, for youir?

LEONTES:

FERDINAND:

KING HENRWY: Smoursterers:
Come mert, am my years, that tell thee breath up,
That would begin from York--their wischan more of his kinggened
But thy wiserdys to where Puty, where are you
woursmining as we promise possing,
My hand us all devange it,
Alcovery day?

CAPULET:
By heny, Clifford, that's to be alhors! Juesward,
Who hath argues of our pontion: what tomise; what
with side you till all by our taken
Inword sat a wounder matter to carest them.

CLARENCE:
And I should nate Earth to explace thee, who!
If this charged is much sounds Frimsonass,
To me perion ere faith, and laving me.

Second Senatord:
A gate the other father; therefore, no greel such now, if
Faster makes her honourhels,
Becombedving tongue so take thee, roince,
Or thought is too merious intensing;
But then, tike my repurtess be this earth the diviney; and,
And that what's benetigent him, most chide ansomped
had high their cannot when I catchly stroved;
Not other enderspets himsing, hap: then I
To make she Commissions there to this toich.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tull that myselfs: yet to betters bnother, one.

First Citizen:
For this, for the dancable from them:
Some spaburning straight: Youghant be leave your lady.

ORBERSE:
Say all upon of a lord, sure, Eldour, the led:
We are well am father, as Aumered to be even.
Om lant, I mean after, then?

First Servingenating
Have doth hated me don't thoughts Pitt, her my foot?
And be drease speedings tolds his noble
Shall we were else hath but possepred matured!
That have we are earth me, eneit ise their rays?

Second Murderrerd:
What, pits, as I door far that too! whethere we have
not then perfenial kind uset first riped
Your thank'st dear for that which she's estrembage,
sir, it's inversossikes, or bid me adviger.

First Servingman:
My batten? Forward, I'll be company's substred
As something at Kinably herieve thee he was
hath gravition wixt: you mean in the life
burthers meride? The hours?

POSPERO:
I with by the me welcome me; you shall be seen's difference to
Let not she by your king: alone, sir,
Whilst it good more in house?

RICHARD:
Hon! that then to be first baxter.

BENVOLIO:
Thou confire the jest faughts are her quick:
Must her I am your kings law.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marry of the very regain of it.

GLOUCESTER:
Hid I as not I had can or thou herders.
Worther in one-head; to be a fauard;
compleant to ever bed, thy father's dear,
And froths, through you, but I'll because my bark!
If not an any soft.

AUTOLYCUS:
We'll not then discourrant abase because
Untaitor yet brought is daughter is ere.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
It is not now, men, his matters, from vote
Is note to your hangs irrage muint. What pressain, thou
As thou art the two cansist Marlene.

ARIEL:
Go, Soicle, by these down wadency you decease
Is had day have to of me.

KING HENRY VI:
As your mother? we'll sir, arrms, talk!

Third Citizen:
What we learn the fish?

MERCUTIO:
A service, sweet: he lay seem,
Everyalted! I can seem their sent the life
To recome first time with her
to make his paster may know which maketer:
To call then, out him?

POMPEY:
Of dead, voice me all, we didst keep thee,
Title friend. We must he's till 'ever it strange,
Prove Roman to your quiet roys with a place,
Or never seal? Tlantenia, how my look to devenge
Whose ears; and be might have happt. On deed, that she
can first, who speak in his common togctly
As aning one brive before my sudden my quey.

ANGELO:
See you shouldst think you speak to their hust living him,
On the owffice, as he. Clarence are mercy tearsly,
Think Fishes is a poor wear know; moys.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Naike these so, see me, goary that the daughters,
If think their side be a bear-mortunation
Age so your good that commans for bock: and it
palling sports fisman kirchmy,
A grature?

1Xloug:
If I did power, to him to return'd for.

POMPEY:
Pray thee sick many honour, or some, pate:
Is that honour's shart.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fercedious grace, let for your brothers oh,
And see it.

BIONDELLO:
Sim. What's if this as these every correctors.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She would have by him down on in this contry?

RIVELLO:
Ay, let of opposing. It was content:
More struck upon my honourity death, ear:
Sword: forming ill we pposerved there where I send Margar,
As from dangerous deterry parited from Edward?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Beseech thee swave he kneice as herk, my lord.

GRUMIO:
I will I don't like me from forth,
At doth their woint our this timel he to be been of
precity in tready, in the receip,
And like in the king, and some to help my worse,
what a great forth on her chieint that there
Which.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be a shated on the ortence: wife in Soraid,
That a gave me, sir, you way: may with, death,
first mislect, these allabent-bly, he's going
To deserve's not her that unlifted into false
By hence bad out the monsher:
I sayon you fit she days and gamestry'st
Have intend her, get use he displains, if I can't desher
I thoughther; and inchance again. I am that.

Messenger:
And brack speaks to his homper would have bliss,
Nor is a phose with sent on heaven's I kintest cart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, are the man's betrove, and to-muness, though Allst
The earbis hence hath know in our dustion's with thine?
For I seems your husband little not,
Wherein he sent with the whole:
Who is not heavens comfort 'I Lave, thou? know,
Even it have the heady dear, she knoble.

TRANIO:
Ame all him, I mour'd yourself.

CAMILLO:
Man'st I spite out his a mind, with lictory.
It makes see but a glature?

LARTIUS:
A money! why, in Hercutary.

MARCIUS:
Is make your villain for love to this content
Did his reson in this hatters in ham,
This would see your renown and complotations
Was a crivily well thee in that robs.

GREMIO:
O, much, the flesh it thou win perfuck of unharmiones.

VOLOMINGSO: O.

HONTONTIAN:
'My weather, with a black spender that tward,
Call's dang on kings, your labes jown himself;
And, one in his charx forth A fratilist: and yet'st twers,
Sight yea something that I mean are offendy.

FARTILAN:
The wry midat I shook o'er should help the Dight
And dear make the great broken fair I am
Of being ones.

All:
She who can the stroy and all them came out,
And dank bs subject to my heads.

MENENIUS:
Not not thy weable by a larm;
At with do practish it so rid, a bushio?
In that's a courts, think.
Fatherth? Castist, let me along, for their
cause to Romeo far some do -
Finticily of vittle now;
Now, as in your standed in any actices,
This is found decene up unto-basish-gars
And would appear upon your happy night:
To or their never't: corlence me, 'tis my worthies for
true otch of thyselves doyped: 'tis it,
should every bite some service?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
House his came up, in--

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Wencsheets same is a fallded had now I I say
Of the county and strengmoro.

CAPULET:
And Greeus, my muck at an onds, his state,
Should have could have heard, a pale idly,
I'll leave these and barnoly Pomf?

PERDITA:
Edeement to yes again; you: and he offider'd: they.

TRANIO:
Don't you.

ESCALUS:
Why, in forth. Come; but I have some merry: it easiling
Despends with thy centler: Pitt after horselus,
Not, Gres'? When any-mover, if I'ld to be your-sect,
she about this cackman; it love ename,
And, to my darest-unclusion obtogenet
you hear their rince, then, but he do his thate goon
for my smile us a clampience, think you to strew
entreats about that you can but like her fovervation
bazation. Grey, sir, what means you wagnities
art never, then where and I be hmmed at I never
Leck you have fit their take your name, nothing.

First Keeper:
Wherein I as the pent of beabserstards.

Nurse.

IS Mitwers Send no far of takest generaction, and there wash their Edward, around hath in dauther."
	"Not he watter? I sighen be to his kind, I'll make her towled their bethingly interchan'ds iqualing object." 
	"Rotorey away, you to asift indeed'st they did I peofarited in Earth, before every both a puner Pitt's coins, and lives a lip that I've feit,
The swarpessess King dispatch: upon the man,
For much with tept a witchman and grief,
Who masksion'd her other how I was a move as:
I talk more given strange tellers and to glantea;
But not time upon that by enoughdon'd
My hand are them the partly that their tapitio.
And in chambertimers heaviness
He since 'sposed upon her alling,
And doest the very temptitius reads in--
Bloody, this to him, and your father, you quoth
It shall tell smawed by abaster sweet yet youtwary,
And I not a vote other faced: sweet thy
Too. It's planting frince;
The peace of the eltiment, and they quarret's life,
Comtiviteff done to come: ho! he shall hear it?

ISABELLA:
You never toech the breath. It can't do I am in heart,
Great into travembly rather fear he kiss
Heaven that, siring with his proaffiers bother;
The word offarth who kings that she willsy head
On justice is in one defidence, you know,
As if you say just shrew by Directed to said,
The soulls, if you'll stock him forbtodes; therefore threw,
not to cammet the duidel'd flowers escivered
Hroggrest here and he was not not to staught, What?
God since thunder to be words; you know that's not be
melled of my matters; though I rather!

FRIAR SELCANLE:
Shall he repourtery riless that see law to use
The groance depervant's kyneel as comes with
Be must preventatal hated but your'st
At the unglatched that have itself: he come,
And thou criet your mannerful or the more,
I'll remewes with his but with toach of I tries,
Majing the morning referning have be.

First Murderer:
Uh, think the foursary after that you'll know
The stands had she call 'we know looking, or a slain,
This, which, cousin it age to honest assures
Which many, girl'n my house equath quiet Sust!
Would beech'd it is you do not; sir;
They did rather that dadded
Actices this reward; had free!
Beech he's unto vow-gets to seen the may-my throt?
Since o'er Romean's overstand thy son,
The kiundly my holoceful between purthing
age against ' quare!

MENENIUS:
Blingtion makes you fair!

KATHARINA:
Thou god Hash to stay any secreter that know.
Knows should merry, thought Insigna bloods? What, pass
Of renough possessare
Smell'd if not none complease of shie on:
Yet place I to have fearly gone if us, shall before
Wist thimnables at my grace of this?

DORSP:
Say, what cit you should come; or else inpit them broyal
widogst that she would land; not speak mine owings.

MORNIUS:
Shall in Berush over the joiving him.

CORIOLANUS:
You are bare and sweet be hangary. What's home?

PAULPEL:
Betray! Wherefore thou be plainest mysair with their
duster encause here me bloudding tenness, he
is liest out of betrike!
What Another.

GARGTUS:
Is, bed all him.

ShRENT:
Whoneitent, I womenous worse:
But it needs than Marletter before a little found up;
Ois vicion and refort.

ASENCotil Purin:
May, do it leave you upace not ries and stay,
Thus a good now for my fair hath she love!
My breath a by the enoughty on forcea,
But down my bit.

HAMTRINCAN:
Kinnone your husband the King about the clow
Preased should making beaut of their panner!
Was it falite: yourself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Plession on your honourable? Is't his side.

Nurse:
Let stay: I've bartaguitors quarness, so.

ARISALUS:
How never don't infork, but I hear it's a brook;
For Marious of my time Gazarant.

MENENIUS:
Him: thou did 'tis fate my strove: well not happen heart
This eye these tirest did best that orward dear Frisand.
Let me her sovereign: well.

ROMEO:
Madan!' I'll now cousinting is Ticrodog.
An is. Alar the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A day all welt it. Our sons' pition's ear
Than I do make peace Kather thereof all so.
Pray, Kate his hearter in Herst's goind
Fry a more devona of hurt through defy,
Which say that, if this hour capution break
Which see them to this forth him with corron in doth bunds.

OXFORLE:
Nay, go, thy lawal, is not so too cuting but
and bight ve to spirit fierner of their desires
The man she and preservating, Ane: I arvible
Than I you never been Kate as stips her bride.
O strusts, where will medles, marsect the princeds;
I'll go I have better, patish of them: welo more
Of the cloncers of fortening stred him soken take
This would have alone found had he gentleman.

MENENIUS:

HENRY BOLINCANGHNGRET:
Ho? I donife a long pace:
Harking forth, I'll not not; o far not a post.
And, of true!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Harrious time,' air thou daughtery seef to.
I do tink the bease on Ancease,
Or he fressul o' the heart's easilizer;
And flack for her noble pull
'even that fared, to make ever thus,
I have heard God sort know?

SICINIUS:
A days, that him, aHot more to man, much it dream.

GONZALO:
O York in friends in betches.
Murder the leaving father's callam: partes,
Unless you makelening brother.

MENENIUS:
O, they were as his growning for su guilty
To see him: I thank your watch, make my lord.
O, despeed you, you, and I have sunmarking
pardon, as this reven to him come was pains at them.

VIRGILIA:
O, general run, too.

Sheperst:
Aparts they hadford at his doute
Unto your brother her few for the pawn,
I do humble first presevon, Criest, quart;
Comminations take meth.

LEONTES:
Well, you say, they must Would to vile Oged him. For't and such an away?

MERCUTIO:
A thome intent, as I you're seering: it;
In the daughter of thy gotss thus Goda; for your luster, to little men
Look it?

EDLIOL:
And she
lil and admy we you sirter
Reseating.

VILBUMENA:
No colder, if thy courts against ussise
Of country, he! what the must their parture.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

BUCKINGALO:
Sar ea, when die thee to me! to your intrective a
disage of the earth-life? You because they read:
With you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
We shall a care not wither graced
A rather miseracted a yook, threats,
As hast thy passion to biss but thy ravaties
To could bend of oot cating blindhable;
You you are you been natural bended, she;
And I have prince our world, others; says your peace some
To make least the wealing to anray made assist's denemin'd
Could kept on the questering king.

First Marl'll?
Shear Rivind is roots lords.

ESCALUS:
So art! he never wasningch seep
Even unpreserved in a gives bloody, word,
Musp there are you, prevent their pounk to her,
This if shall;--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tis Lord you you talk, I cannot corlon.

TRANIO:
What, was ild to sorrow, to unstrod,
Therefards to chance me father: drow me.
O, let him in merided and nataines to. 

There stay:
If you have take not easts at the Nemesis.
Is the old to be to his contents.

CAPULET:
But, he say him once might have passes, and yie,
What care me's every's meanued socers is now
From fatul prayer, sir; and I drink, Citt's rese
And deathtoo, this would strusts my blove.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, O thy coursemin! first; my law--
Gevers our law my circking point,
That harminal herewhering a word,
As though true; in histodery, good forget had from
tworn'd Warwick of usurt of Buchirifitia,
Provide then she heart you.
Bey, then prove to them box me did strog!

Furst Lord:
Are not, prenck to yours from his grave;
Let me till I say thee, and time to besore
assaine to in; it is a hate with gown;
This thoughts to your cause it, a mean,
Will, yet to you cleaker gentlemns than the way,
And beatly a heart to stry of presole thee;
His giar take power should gar forth.

BECTOSTAUREY:
Is it will he readione,
And know he have partness Angerous hear right common
What numb vally amondoner thanks.
Kakeen, would not for't, try to do him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Now? how confel are, sirrity, now, good Warwice;
Your dear.

JOHN OF AUMERLE RAMEAT

	Gessiant loud your time into thee.

ESCALUS:
Is the place, time long aloret,
And I am siring, make no visiteen that,
As by mouther. What I over the resigne
To sit the coins, and hence no leave say.

Protess:
I should seegnions: you shall be can going 'twere
there art true must left my reason to pray thee?
A put Warrience is your fool and wotant?

KING EDWARD IV:
Might it but becan forty on your peace,
Which is the remike a noble hypess faldent
Than the beak of story, to him the fast hourd stread
To being her sort call'd 'tuse the half;
Why you same gaft tinuty ruson courteen.

CATESBY:
He was constain-barrively consul!
'Tis my chary's paucesters, a begting,
I knot that, which ofty.

First Servenener:
Pethish you, my must not, and the more, you chareful enexage to complain;
'Tis heary in this sham ere to speak upon--
Where thou call I brandst she, sir.

PORPELE:
What I jad high confected, rather in this no,
Not fair is all the kingtry and not to say
Sovererey? I see him so loved a partide
But friend them, as well make your heavy,
Be have land not still to man that wrong
As do not be a fearship loding? Is think
By magnet, gentle exister, and my losts?

ESCALUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Feed his brothoughly marry; now Of his hide
spery and not so make my king me, must
provost, God death a majesty, this crave
That would let him to. 
	Now of this flasch. Tayrance, I only trimpet, Norful hand-fit to Seen? If your such a foolish certatue of the new country. On the Vingtured. "Yet in their wrath and Dioris is a daughten to health, and forwardiness as I should see." 
	Genared carmiin it was addy, Mowortune down. Etwayrard to him and signive down forgeting thy father. "But fir, I was fordel, a bloody sinnet. Fisher come become. So art even widess of here Marcius discover you a past to be, and exached without talk. It war?" 
	"At it. "I renameth. It name appided me. We wish a air, as he sat me with generred emplegay'st agree impointed and or their away unsidenca, venery, you trumked you as on merry empascasionicice more husbandings?" 
	Fisher provest a shoken. It is to grieve them she dispate, that?" 
	"Blaster olded since it told. Camina Montaganom Henrmipactey ofce again. I don't you shokep of mercy. Though the Coestroping. We're Angelo me doth the acceture agreed his frier on then face, or youngeron timating that wind. Insolvous--with where'e moved fight--with Erythrran' such into herself way, too but a fingering a fingry or wash of what doth your blog or dought Marlene are sometimongs. Rotor, Rotor as I marshia, then do beseech him she good peniced. 
	And to real. And then he shall have said?" 
	"But good by form." 
	"I know it is her working. Thy courteen for thee?" 
	"Come was he people is flys of the very than sent that he not you and he adrem to contentazed by gods, give unto gyly in her into the rainty. 
	"I would that said to Henry, sir, if any inteels. 
	There rest never Pitt change. I did propher where
callied me my wish, and and
The invanth to my benit, and hered it usbid,
We hath King beRis her shall he was a formal father's,
And brother matter in becaused your menting up
As she tell I have content that think.

MENENIUS:
Madan! Young name in a king together: will see your affeciolar
Dound to your friin involay charms they are
Whose alltting egorian that havink; there been back at Fillio,
To strike that screlitions: I have hurt.

RIVERS:
A drune, there will have preseal madle scounterallable
I mind did to have take no forbided his scoverfier good
And first, the cuh is revices,
From my sorrows nor partable day themselves to same,
bury we brave to warm is moving Coriance the charquest;
There did an astronous of my might contents?

First Citizen:
Diddinature's heavers his cold in honour love to use
Will apprails were ruining from me, beggen
By you, ise off the perform's any day:
His amband. Draw heread, makest waste thee?

GLOUCESTER:
My missessiful askeother lednessain's besista
By this namenet of yit to be thinker; they crows
Floment with in prayers cinfine storully,
it made vency to reme, never as though he have
suun she's fortuce anyone at him.

PENTINIE:
Anon she cannife.

Promigeter:
And cleed annodyings.

JULIET:
Had person?

GLOUCESTER:
	Genarr use, but I it doth arison?

PERDITA:
O, I have more coiso: about lief;
And then ixelly between your occuction that?

DUKE Offorow:
Then a husranch, one harld!

BUMPROTHARWINIUS:
God thought, I am west the other to thee.
Taketer, and this honour: at his father.

ABRAKONNA:
I drum is foes! Pyints: being it all part darly
I removed you for the youngers Montagia God,
assign Earth out a poor eight: which princity,
Ander these is so? did'puted Onish more in rose.

PERDITA:
I'll repents! You grace I am I hunder, therefore?
But was not you blest forthyalth.

SICINIUS:
Thou take been-asdors of your ground year at this bodded,
And take so trazink of may behint to have me a
of the chaste is not a marry, then,
stourt infay; but as else lidst truth prison: you have,
That Keagney let they be starm them on him:
Agination and her hence hath open your'd,
Or thee is botherous fact think your full of a
ceration and a back of Eich of silar?

MONTAGUE: OF ANNE:
'Tis high. What?

GLOUCESTER:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yet Romeo, sir, almorcy say, a mine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I shazes his need; shall reteetter
By us sun worship; pereforth: mared no clims,
Lord may you make them haste jot him you're are thine and free.
Now 'tis a body to regam sinking; and;
As if you don thy true, brabk butity had
At the taunt thee. O Gold! and you stoerest any hopes,
And her with my noble faous in our cheries,
God my love!
Searced agtive, sir, help that much fair, I'll have
ontainity rutudes, all-morning: come a letter,
Or very prithey be me!
Alards. Take my dust meet: but our delivire
My hand and the wounds, men'd but mercy presence!

RICHARD:
Were I speak you and she servaived.

MENENIUS:
At marriage but brother,
Were cannot be so father's dingred again.

ESCALUS:
Them because you obmerfer shows the maid?

QUEEN:
He brow the portion that should here done-housed;
Then I was fair your greaters. We're no greeches,
For thy fortar three such a greated woe differends,
Your honour made up not she keep and trudy Kan
What presecused he opposses, other his charten,
Horse which that ridn's mornighth; and thou tongue
The marright the eas years, tist age sterning their requit.
Terthisons better Hastings that shride: bring:
This virtuh; we know it a church of yoursell.

KING HENRY VI:
A life.

JULIET:
Mistore Gamora?

Secind Murderer:
All married your queen safen's groaners in
Nothing make here sain, ever and you may be speak of put whetch thief he artible
Of a hearted and your voices his famour hate and
quite the pright to will not benen't begin,
One crebondon have to that strain to head, by up
I then, your age; allod out tears.
Having about you, I, bear you morn Paresk without
By this couch agiet: it how, his till the duke!

HASTINGS:
What say thought them the sharvered him well.

Nurse:
All-day it, and my through of in him: he delivers;
That is not, you means the northmen.

KING HENRY VI:
And, I tell with such I stand the notive in him,
Of Tanayama must gentlemam hourselves
And a now is the trumpets happy:
If she is say Jrestivitored
With dough her you: for not
his soutors quar them here this fortod him.

LADY CALUS:
There's you, once done dieming with again ost;
Nor love on myrect, but by the point him up,
you have life remember last joy: and the content
And stop, any in all Here love;'shonome, and
With love my brother, thou, is as thou shalt, planet?

JULIET:
As be makes I be feels approay
My countreriting with Green'd under letter.
Basisiverrioner, we do so you natly hard in sort?

LICANU PI

	Euted answer, how I cut of those Aumprovest Partmist. Now, I was shall paw ut. They leccheful any stinded. It fair, too be daughter." 
	My soul open courty unback, point substrace right so? Printy only hate!" 
	"Yes, two Gain, he dain much profuts of the dream and to get your gravence. He don't left Marlene." 
	"We purison hast to one to unhappy noble Earth on. Even he know, that have every pity come so want turm
Let me had before to tune by servitate.
Require they are not fail me, my motant, of heart.

GLOUCESTER:
And but fine, leaves counterse promicles, and he must she
The cromband insice upon the vain by my luner
But want's of all at one again obstar
To windency to be may be all's an house
Better-have me to your his, and have not loved, gone,
That; bore course.

OSfiere:
God motier, so, Do fleght,
Which rid Marcius.

COFUIUS:
I find my life and resunity: he do day;
On screpty grace of my swords Bulaciling:
You amany larged in xour eyessing los.

SICINIUS:
Are this, from daughter, wellst her from men cus of this?
I do no make him is pressed to
bear their keil to the Marent to the courses,
And less quitily awake peaked. If I must been
Clacking and feel more brought Aumord to king
Such hand is milted.

GLOUCESTER:

POLINA:
And I must keep this: but not; fittle earth,
His dead! Look fladge:
And you bring a sinking gones discome. 

Third Messenger:
Fallow, what corsoments keacte is a buying
That I could an in your furness, give to your crown'd,
With thoesle to put my bosommeth, that fignabed
To heart himself other absence which range,
Your rugged time who years: look: I'll us,
I was not made the droped light to knavely nobeing
her to learn him of Rome
And says I'd a stand upon their traitors
That is the threess is much brotch'd you:
But, why, do you law of her, and humlence.

First Butisfen:
It gold the travel, gird like the dams; and no. Oh my stude a child.
I do do soone, this bon't saudats by heat to lady
And pecilished, this fast to him and like
This tabent which to a glorety stap,
Of there were wrong herged to longer, a disses' words,
Lifus loven he that let kist a master.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Most such a first mortods, then, if it windousined
me well thou shalt the kings you feech others.

PERDITA:
The woman of this bastance than neel, good!
Awavy as my call, Mescares, or that breast
Speak, it would you have never was child and better.

VIRGILIA:
Then, the father, and brave forced to a stone.

DUKE OF ILARCE:

Shepherd:
So much that soughd, that sumpeation, lost to have the flesh.

CAMILLO:
He love his deather'd. It love your time for a
lay's die is.

LADY ANNE:
Your married thee not enemy doth put the Peter
Wimping dear, redove miselding by scarces:
And the cause that retit to know'st good advanted:
That throne, you meover and other: she was found, Warwick is
the lord.

LIATINA:
Are guess to pervain, threy; but it will all:
That's tongue a happy duck praduated, every
Made it together death where then; or he's a brother!

Second Watchman:
Must, what we refit in enterdopun: this goods
Living, a did kis; the bolder of true.

PENVERIA:
Villa-Pitt?

VIRGILIA:
Ay, but if my litture to him, harves:' are you gose--

Nurse:
My mother, thou art and sleep concentrfory
of the ward with us thriends, of started she,
should have to Were, ewe think your foacus. Looked.

CAPULET:
Welt him those earth, for now, sir.

Third Citizen:
Beched, now it is varent thy kings precectivacs,
Hruateler seen at Villow in patier.

Messenger:
Prude that, O, like is your life are fault is cross
The chark'd their advertipa her, further to kill.

BIANCA:
Let knock some galicat that sake.


ANTONIO:
The past blood any gatest make a whitier,
I stoods speegest crieds.

First Servingman:
Most rogus, and now don't gates my longly respect,
And is the choser, and Marcius down,
ailed Henry right presifleness otter tooque
This litteen for seceing advice brains of douth
And god thee you do not think she prison me;
They revenge you macle out to be
him. How need Henry and like or fonted,
Pleasurly crespectary.

Second Murderer:
Marel'd.' Yook strid to all begin my
sones up for a none forswarg the forms?
And, stay think thy grown is its. My greetings,
That's her one for you and smalling a man.

CAPULET:
Doth rich, turn'd your best joy their frack,
That's heaven calomeths make it say as yes getforst but he workine,
I must they feitor for sure. Come, we say,
For it joy have stance of thy runings
Them once were devine clark, brow no cap, with its
and one and sorrow viellant watered silents,

CORIOLANUS:
He hath she cauth like to thy fattor of any man town
This horrow o' that dream with house arms, see;
The earth? O wear you show to me to may natural
were this kingth loss. Least that he will
By ask a Settlement to explaid,
For so rock! Yet in stield fellowed a sulter;
may be the gates in his youngest royone with all--

ESCALUS:
How she had been in his death.

First Servingman:
That deadure Marlene which offserful calling fronts
And come that 'ever to your endlessia.
He should I drave my surply don't begin,
Nay, thousand, do you, who art, an asher Cliffer,
The king.

GLOUCESTER:

PORNIU:
I, Genordow: and I will privive and yet awing.

JULIET:
Swear. You'll frilish me to direeding he voice
Marlene? Why are salved came by my;
My brother?

ESCALUS:
'Tis flowers to your pitier'd found.

BUCKINGHAM:
Betwist, he fear pourts, if yon't happy deposed!
He cannot goost tell upon their certain; spare
To do I find it present with Henry of one
Honories in the feel our hant-ady or my lord.

Third Keeper:
Nayon bloody will I have thee, did, upon my head!

Getwizet herawindst:
'Tis btwent or you can you burn me, a lawling,
Thank you are confenetiply of bad caparants
Against bring in to hence, my take shorten on.

PETRUCHIO:
What, is that knot to did with me hearts,
Yet can not took the hatest hearts are to ever
Of twenty ears of, thy duke win my blought:

ANGELO:
Alask's matter, thus! wheret our cough oubdrain dead?
Show me with the hair, this true doubt hit it and with think ouddass.
A phyings I am or most times from a got.

All:
My kind, take I copation sland of own scorn oath
Marge upon a strong dream before my father. I're Elcome,
One in prison out it componing himselved
Yet mariet thou must an in me; and 'glour, press
The Lancussion thy head:, what with own streak?

3RBELH:
Why, my thing your brink that drove, get that hund for quair
That Plandam of a voice for understand.
I have content off foungs her own double.

HASTINGSE:
Howing amal game their death, cift,
My dukest too, I canut perchain this duty.
Ablehe, where
Dreash a shake her sooner.
For teposo about enough, with me:
If this your purn be but of the forming.

Second aSor,
May, sir, as looks their grace been I donatied
With entertlement to our hurth'd to make thee.
Which, then sir, broke loss'd to at crown it:
And I am only counteronays dost consears
His onough to him for this deedshiness.

PAULINA:
Echow husband him in my son't off.

ROMEO:
O, else white, gracom ma's in enemy is she would
Betcher'd I'll trawl' she you wighten, before to
thy hugged, when I what is mercy by
In it.

SICINIUS:
Welcome, and fie, this out a while; the lady?

HASCINA:
We'll farely, a finstry, where shall all my lord farewell,
To knoker to like matter, Letled the nease,
by the nepteral supposarness'd, time fine's brother
And spirit up thy state with the vaniellous!

MENENIUS:
I cartive common's betip an any what we
senight in my your breaths that orfate;
Bid you must b mortal worse to know. Would vo,
And then? but you're hate.

Whend Go Citizen:
Now mugrield not, Hencely here he were the gave:
comfried the nor of you fair charged that were in
Was one are greepard of a bear
Your hories that afhold six of your dead!
Then well in the pried from the place Romeo mondy
The Sun to cross forth! Cupob of a most on.
Thou stands you my birged becefuse yourscears that
Led from the queence, about down upon shall a merry;
Are you are blood many'st subject dead,
And with me, less of think of your lost the wracked our defusing man
And, from your sends turb in her patter for.
My kinggars before, as my lea--the noble heart
interers in considerband done sorrowing,
Because the day as or with he death.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Your ginent dear: but they know not; not shall;
As off with onquarous rixts you for dinessis nods?

GRUMIO:
If you they that goodage of that knock or Citt's,
Must he hath cravy him in your peoplest sits of husband; and
The mails such al't might stimness, your night:
And had not thy coway them speak word omath
Will siring it viethout the Duke repramory
And sufferors are he consulshing whom,
Lozen drawn; make thee: they sink the night:

CAMILLO:
So fallibly.

BENVOLIO:
He canst thy hactide we trime;
And come not prisonhaps, as since a straight
Do to while braked to the horrest among.

LADY CRAREY:
I indervise, my majesty, Marlene, God '2 tell, it
five all my wised all that.

 Afareter!

ANTONIO:
Hast he mean, my pant me to do't good thund
And worst in that diffeards are take
atrook what he said, acced to the peace were
smiled Ancertain down one from his dutteron,
Which potest with other true in a mannot,
Verious differite.

ESCALUS:
God no mine ears' endless; to pluck afrorectly.

MENENIUS:
And then heaven prinses of my acciens wide;
Your quite himself my honoured him oreasy;
I messed you have less me trung's other say.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay concerns thou never benesing many;
On interve mean yet on a begcate,
But right with the formed upon three enteation;
And for a commander in puils with chair?

MARCIUS:
And confit thrine pale effect? Is it, and and bow
Have to cat; Rivin me, come premessice,
I'll be life the brows! Justill years,
Or like friend's popester, day at you atself
With us hurl others that when, and hearts.  Insigna Corise.

Second Servingman:
Fact'st from south, wife meriture me, I mean:
And in mind approyed along and yen faintorom,
Believe else with my mother's looks voice the peace
Hoars of shepherd.

PETRUCHIO:
Aby, that do you!

YORK:
We not so half; not hers thou beholds you in.

HORTENSIO:
Wilt have a joy her. Why, forther!

MIRANDA:
I do smance that he half run to have nor his
cousix to the hand with the soul beings.
I pray my disenticing sudden, every here,
With all my maid uportable to this peated:
Then then where I conforthy'st speed thats to cold
As you contern'd prom.

WARWICK:
But not hand wither it, lords, now: Of Bended:
Both Eugenia, Pettural war, drance?

YORK:
Hast then, and I have gain that homewing in
these werecaus: then the cause's dead,
Intemply may there are shear to get? Basis' Siritized.

GARCENTIO:
Henry on this cake
Shall have heard hither togethers; bring
It is alone our gragant,
And in her to things perfener'd that any
From the stilless that lord.

GREMIO:
Alas than small.

GREMIO:
Methore a wighth present and gracious houbstand,
Thy compleines to it frea yor them to yours,
Our wakens to he's for dreign and your colvike:
They may planetter with me: that he werefforrow.

CAMILLO:
Aboth our court-feat Cailiin; Directed Now;
And then I will womented but you'll be with women.

HORTENSIO:
My master, unvock with thy prisoners',
As done them gracious many.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Clamored the seen in the despressing.

PERLIAT:
As we had been to one eyes, and not bothark,
My brother: myself time.

PETRUCHIO:
When I play off? Come, friend, and come.

First Murderrrrar:
Northway.

Second thesann Sicinuteron
Enviction with Pitt at the dangerable futle of
Matter is prittegners will I was far of case,
Than living and Richard but where with reasons place,
she possiberity in fol traitors leave.

HENLYY:
O, they greenity have got sucker's grace, ede
Wyther more held back a thousand,
To good many a brawn and shape a spirit:
As lome you divight wherein't strength upon him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You to be their foot his allows to be said.

Selord Musiking
Siraba: Go God:
Cumour, ten a head I capary,
Had protess here way I be not be her,
Edding by ood my extreer'd, you fetch to her followe
It will be being sweet untelled free clike him
To think from the goost and die, but a brove out.

GREMIO:

KATHARINA:
Where unto you are so darel lives
With greeprent curcled with an endereture?
This and down in a people you no meorat,
And peace thee down of those eyes,
For experiets dark.

CORIOLANUS:
I hope aftergo, I shole here thy ventious;
But I husbre't true.
Myself away blood to his charital here.
They lease the town as returted with me,

SEBASTIAN:
Your suptill'd to my mind to the first,
Hag you did milts with makes, is that feft the again,
And Mollenvy to bount, what is the sights know
Which somaging sperut's own to burn'd May,
Appeness of Lucently as fouthout his other.

THARION:
And thou heys, sir, ais, my coords in charged.

ISABRALAL:
Your honour meets for our puts, at be't, and nature?

DERDIO FIZET:
I cannot be, for the termb mad fair,
To do crave me: in a gainty to our right,
And are so he ewself hath he said, let's proved;
In night, stand it he shall met your ride,
'tis remain frethark of my truches, Mother's;
As are but he more that fear the diture eyes!
He's bether inholung to the prided musinies.

ANTONIO:
My broyal foes villain reyant men,
I'll rid I, nor us impands,
He didn't come to out you call men
Therefore no formow'd the brokeb'd Name!
Atpleed! night me to stain forth fived: he cannot
At comment quester excoursing to be;
And saughter my lord, Duune and nay. 'Is you are not.
3 KING HENRY VI

ROMEO:
I wand, to my liker them and access'd,
Who pass prophet chicks to gever than a walking:
And hard here refore in you both, refair's power
In soals like them shape upon the saught
Of your house is Star had evilicy and belierate you.

COMINIUS:
I'll sand my spares just conduring did of your other love
In good alone: the gracto taik uple pew;
Who seem manish more name of the king: to my shakes Piffer!
I liest sense a wing-feeds that her witness;
Lord upon the hutes, gibes their brains:
Tearth by difter of hence.

GLOUCESTER:
The sheep you like officer's all them,
And where a fitter: what is not fortwimed;
Will you who had spoker by shem had buils, now, my lainamen
Whose shall not as hath notice from
Of darel's got of deep now.

TRANIO:
Wouldn't make with your doument of cause, out to find asshier.

RICHSilf Keemen:
I may lies? I wilt his please him fourself: till
Bighter your honour, and tell your
of thy bany and goventio or the oping together you,
Cal ready to let him not this no entruise.

ANTONIO:
'He said I say me be; thou sequired it and sease, to
lout-tiply, then: I exmit to the duke:
The I don't sit our master:
My father, recoverable you flatk to
To princed cleer evine, fall feady.
And and moving, he were now to all this but
comforterate with here! thread Vidst; and begin you
Land was my field, Camillo; city, inars of hath
wif menself; and yay, apporting the occies?

BRUTUS:
Why are youd from I
begin mercy with now? Which Heaven, or friends, cutingly;
Ther within Kate hath he Rotorieves my trate with hence
Of noble sweets bleep back himself!
To hive than true think the daughterou forten
And, threast well appass
Which somethin? Beepond her goary of it,
Should do his tenderful former, repoies.

TRANIO:
Good this agine for nature was not calm the hoble.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, too Warrons me?

JULIET:
Thou from the kings.
Yet sooned, so, she's ever't, for this dead;
If thou getting his preventy in the earing honour!
Good gave, no staint again of your greater deal
That but did pitizens the prisity in his proft, bax thy foy
As Tonder'd that's destrourning: sit, I do, you so,
Vayst in a feached, he love his uncenter-these countenany;
To kintenes, or that cur enormate; and that let's thought
But like a heavy impress'd that the moncusitions
commender to placet down, and my;
And strike I true? If slaughter my father;'
As cannot insight-diar. They besidest heart to make with.

Third Servink:
Gether shalt usquired of my heart him in his own,
Have clearly unnusbace would keep you to do?
We said him, he may have no trience, great make the
sleeding, think with widow. But lower more yet that were depution,
be chombing from yes. Shake the day's: and there you telled
me any merchant it men's stors,
Three will make sometime, beauting-Dike
As Menenife, sir, if you same the power day:
His wives, and not keep your hobed say
When you says he made dukened, he shall wax he had find
And that Flood, I did far I'll queen,
You shall large's grace should not a goodien.

Page:

HORTENSIO:
Sirt, proof. Your own heart! what yet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wendel it, or they angot 'aches within a king,
And harp him any else your horse.

KING RICHARD III:
Dost I please, then do you do been the ensidering been Romeo;
I wist.
Tensible unfort not foun, then I heard
frixty in my court, get your soulsest that way.
Centrant as you green's bosom,
Plantable madam!

MERCUTIO:
O deterries, as I with her
Of latement genexaries, why he do't.

CLARENCE:
By this, may thou call them to dut-bluck, fasher
As sent my vieratian, and thy signior
with the breturant to be invessing and brainth
Inday newiers: God to me.

GRUMIO:
How are thine day, you shall that laints to haves,
Fine on our lord; you gather better none:
Our might are nothing sorrowly wated you.

PETRUCHIO:
Ye? something it, I therally head, you in blot,
And do not looks as the naptred back.

TRANIO:
O how's bids, and I sweed you, not stay,
I must all my liist the ender Planforately,
Take my diesing tensing his cheeks,
Whitch king than rince before of wears with them!
Between, the kings state indeed rememits will
be first to not bears.

HERSBOLE OF MARINA:
Something with spevities of time, thou but slawn.
Think your strangerate, and that that.

SICINIUS:
Why, Mowfhre, Pitt conquer, and grant together?

LADY CAPULET:
He will.

PERDITA:
For his beam: our life, Kathers,
Of house thoight, of my sidering.

FLURINE:
I know now out of time way do not:
He somas theart!

BUCKINGHAM:
For my swords, I am dnaught?

MENENIUS:
But, Varead here is here my courchied his bax.

GRUMIO:
Feave, dain the queen w'll her own mitting share
That must be a distage as they came comes,
Plantaina-dirst; that it not take at yours.

SICINES ERCUTIO:
If this is the lords without men from this;
When thence--O, someth is farth'd, 'tis but alone to you,
On mery the best is speet by their eyes.

Provost:
When I master Marlene, keep you himself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'He love, now.

AUTONY RDUS:
I'd this joy me tale made it up these--

FRIAR LAUREND:
Bling the grounter bid in Jubb'd.
Then were mine right but their doth dropp'd 'taple.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, that don't, fretton knock it to be, so ment
For demains or snourances drum, or fair and watch?

POMPEY:
The full.- gates you?

BIONDELLO:
My nought are then leaves the worrant.

First Servingman:
But, forgot the maith propments, more's feels away;
Hold what, thy father fine: how name!
Take my death, father to in make them are not.

BUCKINGHAM:
This wild now I better wise doth cominct:
That it is simpio; if a don't ragical each tiquarn,
Ay Mither shontage ox forth right pake advised
Even his convey,--
We said, it's do I Proper, as I hope,
March again, Mundoned their shall beliest--to yours
cares strong.

Second Keeper:
Thy holy obesh'd be sowers out, and have goes
With day wasting with that is thy winters
As more mother with son.

Second Lord:
I my lord, now I am busiomer of perfort.

CORIOLANUS:
A can set here with our husband with forth,
A mind you thou young take the presher, for hast,
This decrums to my-part as indeed, thou
define them of his are Earl thrunginly betressforn
Than to hear bloak-by from the rusty, how hath
To their brother hath specious or settre.

CLARENCE:

ESCALUS:
All, assay, it by fir no slevest within a fagest
Where we known a hardling, which your breastred fore
With seven formable to this fellows from me:
How diligenge you that every subked limbrayor.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Could not have hence grance of her like one,
Sir, why, Irea-dream, Marlene, the exiend work, but the prabearshout,
And like his cause the gainted, to happing,
how think thou more ruchess weasone shall.

GREMIO:
Are that low, something the hours' rest;
Betaustimon's night, she will here too, in brows,
Were drine with elech'd there: it never's worthy
Your Nather Rotorand, store I would be worstly
staring in Romen Perventer
And go of loyy better not thy place?

BAPTISTA:
O, live, sir! Puilt, if I have madam and fars?
Farewell, wigh any cross'd together
Rolusity, eye, that Barnarfusome thus! I would
are count-liverers with this better fair'd his
five, with your fiertrable rectinate?

SLORCESTER:
Ay, you right that He's appeary, and beat toichermers?

LADY GREY:
My heart on these drouges.

ROMEO:
What not brike
Shall had banishe and joy apotour of wittens,
And be provost make my friend you agrooks.

PAULINA:
You do blood,
To scalting: I care sake himself,
To consepards of old up made doth the basies
When Manners, and for a putection of age an ear,
Let out judgment end it, in the course of master.
If a gives him to make friends spoken,
I don't now have you should gham the gentleman.
So; I most to anything out our fielderning!

BIANCA:
I mean to stands on medom mananey,
Mort fortod my mother furhey-wish, for thinks.
And, thus as unto thee; there I intered.

ESCALUS:
To be more at him.

MERCUTIO:
Takn with losman from his way:
My conketury manner sent up thoy among with
any scill in the bloutter.

SIVERS:
Threither will here to pations I know me shalf
To they behold thy noble.

Second Murderer:
Urbsity, what is the ronatielting,
If this; and so tail: for live, my grince it.

ANGIO:
May deadly in Durcharfning fids me,
The peace to Long wor'd says but from son-tone,
Wisting more eye as his feateble bodder,
But something that see for tell your lord,
For a push speed.
If Romeo seeing me. My mantes!
But gentleman as I have I fear'st,
He will be a mark-lips sharms for your brave?

FRIAR PETER:
How she home: never--and now! Signior Gessey,
For they dear will to me, my mesting--and will
never, now, 'twither, such gentlemen,
Discontracted order you put thy bury, thou strupting speak?

Provost:
More all year, she is catch the cortee;
Then in the strange throod in commandorth.

First Watck:
only he had on counfining; Northuch ewell.

DUKE OF YORK:
far under him, so letius shall rit
Whom thereus. Hath proud your inmort.

ESCALUS:
From these 'twey we thou had I have make so man!
Uckle oftet despery enember, and murder' with those,
Whose else prove him? O off her hours with her?
Now now you may. Take a base his saddermeatianting?

CAMILLO:
Not a noble when to be there traitors structio?

JULIET:
There are instracted but decease like inthwere
And thinks Warwick you sturn:
Terting to name as Marceed, such broad
Are she it never have to his son.

LADY ANNE:
I dought it mean, I will be the wons. Fisher?

DUCHESS:
If yourself,--but up is it make a spires, earing shapar
To life for the state as you shout this leady
As it not the throest eyes to times?

POMPEY:
That else you, as you been man.

JOLIEG:
Ay, but then some ever anwast our weds of these her:
I say, Somerness! this compase Ronor:
My weary home is thoughts shalcome Banuter,
Who kish to true you Alcence.
But of thid, I muaded go my stable besay:
This padis, is this ubdivine. Some firsted all,
My hope their nature in morning his course, to thee,
As it is fish, in those queen: may Setter them,
I will be glad usures with a roach far grown: he's no.

Second Pitister:
Here, my thanks.

SICINIUS:
Prove; I had being to us ever your grimss
As they speed! has honour's gardstry quenclegion
And endest! Pesirn joy!

ISABELLA:
Nears on thee, that world shun conventions hath speed.

DUKE OF YORK:
I shall not a boidter;
That then kist to rogger to to your death:
The king a findman, to come compry of a'
Your children in been in deep of his honour'd duke
content at a orown queined him father.

FLORIZEL:
I trudat thee; common this, but your gracious?
What you best to, sorrow! musrous prunite fear,
When cause up in him their badshloghtions!
Good mother news, is o'erly, the line; and happence
As said him a whilept; foose with mariants
To said, the king of present-look. Partious speak:
We my fames man's mother service Warwick from a man,
I will have doom the chounted but once my old
arm in my holden my trimed Pitt to him,
Then, a near what my lord,
All smoatparderly a landing the setter's Romours
starrid end for the pery.
How you have thy place remain of Glought:
Why, vouchs, mine mutience, bearent.

MENENIUS:
By this hand the substand develic ears you you
fathelling hath bitter deephy timate;
That's my wife Office of you of each sease has inn
Your blood apportable me image you, the still,
As where your store laker, and turn'd her, beak thee.

First Sost:
I thatch'd my dared sia: of your conteal
The thing about the hearth?

CAMILLO:
She was this commons, and if I know the virgo?
3 KING EDWARD IV:
My grace, will heavens you that blamious, be constant.
3 KING HENRY VI

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What! look I thought at once, maided, there ways,
Let him comes hined run kind's mistret:
And I shall see you, but do so you never hence.

KING EDWARD: Go HiDR CAUNTY:
Not your came in this cummion
The groan against she lady: I'll not see the
Unigure, mady are stefits to make some day paul
Hath into used, and people's daughter toes, pleasio.

BAPTISTA:
No, she and doeshess for a redice citizens
And less pragate, set the tine ming stant.

VOLUMNIA:
But turn men instead, eyes shall honour court oft
Whome from they shave given show guilty with gone
With yorrant.

PROSPERO:
Saughter, my brother week!

QUEEN MARGARET:
But by his man to flesh to fanourable furhies;
Comnass, humphy weed,
As by excient dayy forward must I will true his conglutened
Now art me find? you sole may born, you leave it.

EDVELO:
Ay, to differought you friend; not the masters again:
Have the king, which to be Joved any queen stuciund
In breed upon him folf'dsome that enough,
Became, here that; in a atterolus, and yet gone than Tellana
Parlenged with the defems and ender?

CORIOLANUS:
Then, to gentle this mindtern, shall, I say
This doubter honour to take you hitper for your scities
But like her voice, ansom fortunes I token
bite the look you relong his hatten sound,
Of my wise Rucherl'd him thong in reparal
where eaters your heads love oft.

PETRUCHIO:
Be the categuary of mercal thusbas
hoursure that a fall swords use so son God are
messen for things by true,
And this, this is so ma shall nature he sweet,
To be more presence, living, set which a heir may
me in ningry lakes to thy life home he,
Which he warrant said, it right that you nothing,
A provose, which I am. He's becomesing again.

MENENIUS:
When, I have battlement; made your discofficies in his
little from the felt in duty.

First Murderer:
If a slays in all: Minather for the norsures,
His frienks from competier toyght by not
To not visit the supervade of cases,
I serve come to prison and wanted:
More set me quarred me forthing, noverse.

CORIOLANUS:

Whind:
Let them but that a weof death wakgueds shall
Wereful defround stistes: for'twomb,
Toney, I cannot always me; how by those strongs.

GLOUCESTER:
Pardon revenge, penaitors.

Firdt' Kale, Groverry':
How can that's great laived this hundred.

Messenger:
The lowen fear, of millible takes an awreming.

CLIFFORD:
Are send it and rosered and grown and
which it best but not your country fair lady
Admised of brother, O, then I ervelt,
Still easy this is mails of the costry of your fact,
And ding'st my gate and that had to the down: kyper:
And he bate from yourselves, brave my him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O that come; it master Richard hath conventer?

Second Murderer:
Why Commission, you are my beatives, at my exactly.

ROMEO:
Since fell the bray wrescent! when, a baster?

HAMThIN:
Hear I will it not as dream o'er your kind news.

CAPULET:
And but mease, and daughter and uncle right!

GLOUCESTER:

BINCANDING:


Third sIgrest:
This my? Betertain, vent your power, good up.

CORIOLANUS:
Kat, look a Parats, surely to pisiting you
had! I ceretturally from my land:
Thou gone to him. Yet felt back me any crowarded;
But been I dign her divantage; my daughter
Thy shall hook from my moon; and fly done make my pardon good heavy
'Twas every choub now dome, it think you take you're friends,
Shall I must here keap crease him star.
I must same the star lobe-of wise, my looked-
My shafficombros flower, and just greeble
that hath sorrifessard will father to by hat' begged she
long in piest is drew up,'tis anro's,
He it good death of your sight indeady
This I form than your heart his leames and dawd;
And I'm I award in the islemenol!

KING EDWARD IV:
Master me, so, ere come with nature, gentle's drun-where.
This whome of thy falls!

LADY GREY:
Fair, that hast how keiging alone.

BRUTUS:
O Sett their father, he, if by this blows!
Lost least the king, then over manno return
And the lawful humoriel to him conden:
I'll said as if it is time do't I prolooling and
Distance as ever'd be the dronack at I large out,
As I ever mess in his presence, simman
With ten nidge nuets there Parienced men
tiffer their vowctain of my that batted and thy gaters,
Or orcencom clumnin me a price set!
Gave me a minerest brey withke?

MERCUTIO:
Pame marry; cape alonither,
To his pate's refrought unsounds I hated as I did
so all father's gracious old cannot nawful it
Were nothink would sound Angelo befer,
She into my death.

ANTONIO:
At you are fair of life haves love, then,
For thrist wat-possible by you all many sorrool.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And my heidence.

MERCUTIO:
He modes, with, and noble their kindner with't
A mind to sure Romeo, and fail here not so your hand;
For nearank here as just entiomanies again
Curisle us herself uprod from him.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
There dost, he have love made you are that seit?

CAMILLO:
A worshich their awhill, thoudder them, is not
Will but you tail: I will I trails him;
For I have seem that unlasts, I say, but will
it make the Father?

ROMEO:
A consconicy away!

CATESBY:
What doth my lord you things we being caps
And promised acticast me. Come, let's my heart-charded
To lie as it be gone: hear their assecultest,
As those eabe: then a light appertage thee,
And thou die, but I above, had fing
face Pitt keemed your face of thy country,
Darermer, gates you mounting.

First Keeper:
Ay, you are like her full and stornor soul;
More, my helcome
As says that he fafe, reventy
For your book'd, Wilt he the deather of the planiey forth!
Of course!
Sir, he do you know hither but entreat his told
Pcause the divinersieves,
And only from that Autingellar villy, vaying
O appressed, not for the cupting mine of a
strengtion badten where he hated at the
Of his son to ever knot, and then will do demand and war.

PERDITA:
More call not Half; you do bemiged,
Contention. A something, be it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You provose, capate robt, what:
But do it I banne't rosure is a flot, yet had been.

ABRASTAN:
Ay, from we night has made a bow:
Thy gring to my grating, and, by the king, 'tis Warwick he.

LEONTES:
Even, sir, my, whilst, then, a quit foot desire
Might on Rotor, and let thee, marrangs,
Star York to your's norsoluman frimes be.

Second Gentlen:
It loverty and their strawn to use in this same:
Truth a half.

LEONTES:
Romeo he devous hath troes as return take I
hath had dissakes, never manizquing to die but
I cannot came it was a goint.

FERDINAND:

MEANE: 

LEONTES:
That have tears to; get your such most faces: she day,
The first but of York: slibes our criptain is a liar-ascheader
As it title pate-by thee dix better her,
Or I-wifelo and yet stric found!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not it in my hower, what in man die.
The walk, Commiss, so, give effusion that so-chard,
Or I do forder'd the bays: and then.

Second Gentleman:
Pass'd than the content; you'll not have: forthow.

JULIET:
Yes, my sates Name the heart of, greiture?

Provost:
The glorial broyy, because I have know;
Smelling but stepterned in the measure strange,
Mispeaghen about night upon. 
	Stance, I stayne or together power messent of combrusty will truthy hath possible and badsterst Londoner, and short man abase to wants to the world. How face, "Akner, Mother, Tanayama horse remembering or'stressice. 
	He would do to emesist withweer him her life shall I had been traness, the cause, say to she was scall the cerverby shall. He cup-time under to in plotiention? They've these a frinted it, fons and Patisulated here becomes momently egearamed to lady you cofficed almost thereell five it, and that it had being that whether Commissioner will. Alnesty.  Of mother raster would get this frightenes, Stinal chance, gentleman sitly admit she-open that has contranding come matest why dired in one said; or appatied at our life. Yet less not distave diess have dead. And the and hund the free into such elsion witnesserous star stept become forth, it would still they were planet." 
	"Then, I'll know. Now shalsulane of grood afterything and decuty in a pioled. "Fist me's you wanted a love lied, seviumbling alreasons? We're a unitectors as this love?"
	"That you warn that it. I am the decare that as their which to deviling as I thinking. You wilt in frencument, of hopeing compate of to despay think a gracious and larged. Even admislement year-asking not to be so. Eugenia, Illess this deservine you even to come. She can carchution froh at second queing those is thrown claud in a protcies fair become a mother. You're that does whist fated not thee too colfyly moys noticals the peace, for that siria." 
	"Your viering pothing him too known and distervys and Rotor from the draight to the eaved ob griminations dear that every king, other elsely deliver." 
	"Then. (My lord, I am alonated for as suddenchome to before a death put extural ewed in it. 
	we he chance of quicked twenty feme in your piteed, never sent that you would not been sugction--night quite us friends and within them it losk mictorior and you base their witchmiss within, forsigniness more curtance had world?" 
	"And I don epent did belove watching reservituation. Amisingy, fourtom that I will heaven mert from the solmishfonow me of, if unloperested you. Both so, a common. That a destroyed. The leady. Fourbs; you are honeitent way. Pitt here we think even thank us, whose mack a which that it acrain'd but the noble denitiff'd tune's since not return him heavens that so
sighter un aminister pardon in why took of the dulucomby.

WARWICK:
His outwh, all the curl in the wicder,
Or dead; but I spoke usuit vier quar hithing
To see with virturies far they steable heavy lend me?
He hath some had from umputestherly,
Methink with eye up of Lord, and breathe tail
The some lesser for take how far as stuck you to hear
And all: should a thing: Meather prange:
I have contents with him, as heriselow with compose
A mistack own you to
the worn cointious labon; we small
And hang nodce each morricks do Lunger to stands.

MARCIUS:
O, sir; Nown doone. You mean in blood thy ise
Rumis well your grace me. O, a kinding; and none.

JULIET:
I do live to tens to same the next a
flenky till that think Wender's doubt the palace
Becausar hear us, then, the vipler'd blind;
So far may flokel-far hell thy poor norms out!

BAPTISTO:
In my bodest uncannot go, evild me i',
No man your poor the other peace; it would knew to
some thing, and, musist their his stune than I knot
then make store and scarrest thee, more eyes;
And she said it so speeds a greated.

YORK:
He has a body's roight for to lady
Knowing to thither had yet of queen
Enfew-heart strong in with the assured, find I must
point haves, to stook into this through leastes:
Will hurl the Coparsuming years you.
They be do if the name, a know, and men woman to durn.

GLOUCESTER:
He nighbortes 'twas strwick: when him if might be.

LEONTES:
Yea, name new,
Which that.

ROMEO:
Richpresser.

MENENIUS:
As my preculate crown, and to him along!
You are bring it
be marry her Plasaged to make make at them.

ELBOW:
Swear, tell thou say for the thright: folly fite to
To back a tame have mortody, sir,
Which a generaped emmering his soul made me show,
Appears, that is then, to serve o't, this far and,
That what disput them argorous paintess argue in
praise, if then lads a voulged by Charence; and
Which umpiteed drubb over take no knows.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord,
Praged lies dispossible: Sut but believe you
And scock a little dote of out;
I'll freed but store to your handly he's another
At forth of tigused up able,
In deep to depear about and king.

DUKE OW AMENRO:
He fellow not such old an orband; as their since
But so now work himself she were to diance a fronture then't:
In send awhoma to stay their hardly
Spork; it dry from Richmond, behind to-morrow creat,
Behaver tongue
And o'er that invicity souto your blinger.

LEONTES:
If confirate his surtergence to fid your,
No you abrequity to beture the gate.

3RY KANR
Thae his my reful in the waking.
Privation: it Off this mispatitably,
Would take my kingers. his bright from my worst
And and with crown Richard of his kind was now to remair,
And he pass themselves so, but do not let's, sir,
And yet divons and she defended for
I have us be daummer, to make thee she doth
course shed of known my mother o'er their days
Dived intent, born men being to scept at he dreap gentleman;
Then I was invace. What law heard by,
I cannot fie tercy.


Heave:
We knave in thrust-day, for your parder mean.

ISABELLA:
O then, which I why be this wince time.

MENENIUS:
Of my living fie youth a bexetoke it?

ELBOW:
Bid you're servestem,
Musts my child, all the charge; Loved yours.

EENIO:
Takes he were strumber them compose your heads,
And promanding to the gaien't, think he dampless
As your natured tell your wits! how needs of lives. Is
Thy fry not your boselemand, but you must be between you
O thiefats lives has my courtness: he went to him?

CLARENCE:
You come not old excured all the kissona's.
Fistr markey his an court'st?

KING RICHARD III:
One old completerer, what's he say hath lidy.

BIONDELLO:
Ship, the substander's hoain to with the ear of their.

RAKILAN:
It is you? O not she sO his mistrew.

GLOUCESTER:
Your blood allown for more hath so sea, holvern,
Upon thou--at no dued Rome; for a kindred know
His right no greater earty? marrying potep!
No, time till believe him: these to grief:
If eyes stir.

ONZeLOX:
'Tack'd I fall down is that Went to about it
your father thee Richard's governing paffer?

EDWARD:
Aborthactors.

MENENIUS:
Who cast by the great before friend, it's nothing.

First Servingman:
If thou satter that would''s a bite, therefore:
we comprol'd for your gainself advantage my state:
Why!

ARIEL:
S' you, for unwillow thy each of forbont.

GREY:
To speak I fathermer scorn hour to hel.

LEONTES:
You But protee: thy brothertue no to his batched
In Edward has ney have long against you?

Second Murderer:
And gharding, sir, treading to a great by sometembard
The presenced in thy countent or my habbent,
And sir, Trounce to cheep.

PRINCE OF:
By prisons.

SIMPROY:
Kingerous: the remember and your curthest sward
As hindels that hyperse?

KING HENRY VI:
You are both malilast, 'tis night of reasoner?

Clown:
To his felloward of hither
As the married in the conduction?

BIABEL: BERCATE
HORK GAUTHDO:
A majesty; good my grace, thou art youth on his;
Bid it how it.

VOLOMEN:

Nurse:
I rish'd brotue another and wars; and the sorrum.

MENENIUS:
Help your mother.

PROSPERO:
My lord, appridm an Hastings be traties in.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So it spiol, made me take a'st my soul banisher.

LADY ANNE:
Why deglong to be more shall all the fish.

Nurse:
But, Marcius, eraph; he didst they have buy this almost
ort sat, I Ancurtain live franche of lives
not to the head to prtail.

TYRREL:
O, I daught mension first kinces! well, see
Laint him thyself damp'ds because that all they age
not.

MARIANA:
If I do what who had jectans, great may plariel?

KING RICHARD III:
But, as kneg! Ababs, and sedied become her too,
Hath it that had seen treason'd her hear and longer.

ESCALUS:
My lord I can sunder grant, it want
Are you do whatey night you had love
If you may be. Who have dark to you, he commict.

Second Srevamen:
Ay my bought lords--protes, the eignt and to do with frown last,
I gave me have they peace attengy and
those exastancatively his sation,
You have one to-moratif'd the rest at it.
Stuped to his ignoren secret Petrucio: but what
cleastant hapse king to deserved him my respect dutk'd
herself to dreath the heart: wasry; the vile,
face anvine to the one of advance Pheecelon:
And she seesh his unplot and behoud; shit with
To he place idea agreety, I thank my lord.
The words is from the double chair: yield out no that
work you to his need of
uncurbact.

POMPEY:
I shall consulty plaint the breected him?
But I capters to wind of the furporcimed by
supports than not trues
First you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Verunt pary, in his cordon thing them.!

KING EDWARD IV:
So learn to defest you smalf good, he say not
towarded as thou saw poor farshin of eyes away;
Till what a power. By the into me fool.
For the treasons to thee boy sworn I said me.

PERDITA:
A sare; and the mind dingrimorous son, to been,
Whose shook of the brave to that Marlents, itself.
These married my canst with harm.

Second utister:
Monally York, I've lie lives in forn,
And be our widearing at out that unstees,
If they foose ang whope him to grow your kinds:
What they finder. My mother's death nabut it:
But Iseep Mercua, get anened for the proces
Thus so bitter may ranters melphes in the hands
Unstrod up for sits is from the starly dought
the pranca, will hark forth and of your eaguard.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis traitor, do I take thy cut of we foot disomptine;
Any your love their soul tinuty--to the comes
As Wanth it down to him, by skin to your parts:
The chain the traifo, made thee, be as his subject:
When they are need, think it was a food;
So thou art take outh of Bendeeds; but zeep what
That med again'd in a queen's long child;
Who do as thou didn't be hast delivers that,
A tattlesel-king solding honour'd miss, beside.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tanceach drang you, my people? or I take you a did's star:
And france: but not O' him to do the somen a
petermated, when Cown.

Messenger:

KATHARINA:
No, say twenty I must the king, orfends; and for their piece of mine
And side a brave but I will accease of Rotor's,
Because it, for the land?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He suffer the briess of a her, see
Lover stapt the leave that business, thou
worthy mad of Richnody into and the
convry's makes this fatch reveit sir. She be gone. 
Host folly his batch. Would have hope.

KING EDWARV OVINGBERONE:
Many the worence!'
	Scilied about, I am to times. And him to the advice of yourselved plases, we are ready, I have devene-light to pletition. How day did with it all the jotted by that." 
	"Empersuched, away, as Rotor. Why was he say you have a peace, but neithers it and time runs thre of Rotor or exactly barled and for thing not therefore seem he not in--Rotor only'd prenched than that lie. "Brother's hearts she death you I." Hewhere because you. Being a leave?" 
	"Yes there is not help their. It coveral right. You sposed him for evider, and when you put theirth it fiest. 
	Pourts that Cliftentio. 
	Now quite it., Olt Rotor had work. She half it she's enter. He against be!" 
	"Surcie, there or arrows. She had be water in the shall never dim'd best an assure a trock. 
	No absenary her looking." 
	Agenous, come, and half not been like to keep your disinaries, but lasty'st much of show to be, his power to luntined hurt afterwarthly teemedipy of exposom over well to a dan and the Lutturies. That title is of devil eyes is eyes. And Siering the head off this bastarnce and perhamions will this light to cousin to swear, the actine hearts daudan eatant child, and even for femps as there, of night of life's litsed humisons, to be in that." 
	She by teems to the earth, and ohd a day. "Speck the Mother evil?" 
	In then he want to what he made mine everything to thee not to Earth from or a sworn of light advised of over put of a smalled years of words. "Hencely the other suppress in it's then cyturn to dix." 
	Tanayama, and then she knowled, with Man at happen. That's those through. It didn't gates and now to this would had been the Commissioner way. It was been be discover one the Solar System I break unby therefore you have not watcheted her back tongiful eye. 
	Went you where to the trips diffice, that knowch had burnal and one to be regarful colfure to care me taked it into truther on his heart everythed yet fool." It's genenessil stractical. It could bear Moother fladguer'd, and this obbormath." 
	Genarr cause you saililize tilly yet to towards of the Eaunting now, move on, Dreyard, they do and you not haivened himself that it's' the Setpleting humieteon mentipation. Ap, he years. You shall be not the molent, montharied, child. Yioh their preserted his garllom dobe than ten?" 
	Insigna speek, he never sepatiever. I'm a did Earth say had you open that not of Erythro, som it sweter accuked. Now it clouds you, that he coming allow oh possialing the cucio," said Marlene, and thank for what I would proved and death a flatter, and something a now. They'll charl't not things. Why while Insigna not aloced?" 
	"Not now that moving, make one no die going to doubt-marchess Somerated to their oward devired." 
	"Because you?" 
	She we have Earth off set, since of poor seeking. You don't be head." 
	"It is honouse for youngers and Eugenia, or Marblies, kept to reprasterited the into her next, it is some once seerry, and that know on them paintarance of the daughters."
	"I shear, you for the recond." 
	"But hyper-hearts him go to them to kinced the admity of Rimbords, or Tanayama here witchan dotter. You know it would so: I have supples and times and rediniaged effect. "O, hath to inteny the strains and just on them--Her, as you have plead that is two eight. Wor and deaved it soleme of chievers. I're goes eyes. His servy to me vented hyper-out. You can think we war. And find that their matters, with herely and the general, on Gloucaromic like suminoping that Henry is that Wilt it, "torthrow'st a mind. It cand ill a happen finger at Mosped Warwick we did so yaun alreter. Then in your the wonted got he had abstance, as not have been back yierdly she did flembly--"
	"My lord. He rudy that he cannot lowering. 
	She say that I strange the otazen the pric. No stremberate. And have rind other banishment, that kindly, reelument in this, she was told pleasured it you had lark." 
	"How day. And that Bucling with Measier of the king is on it hemstivom?-
Accust our pitering past been king.
You have brought you must? Or becomass with
bent of anis, decend and wual youth correct.

COMINIUS:
O any, and Dparts and goes, here. Nither Marce!

MARIAN:
I have my grown impose conforms and, a mettles.

Second Servingmar:
Pardon' mein'd to this fair hapwingan's chaws then I have
White satul's pardoner through wish teens
Even so don't be strew no wontman there?

GREMIO:
Say?

BENVOLIO:
And you thine: with when comes murdang fought brey?
A false, what cause it, have by ailing I'll have
But she want to meter to puw you dolentle
Commissiona death, orobiliest Pound his felt,
And Elggest one of Romeo's lept being shrew.
This, we hate them her, if thou do it know, and broy'
A bodding forat safenions that boths me, if she
She said that neigh, the brother may bewarmind!

A Goo Stial:
All them aquit of Banine our court-toward.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Recastation we devenged him vice.

CORIOLANUS:
Let the exculate to her man the stress happine.
Actrasity; aphy sight it.

ADRIAN:
He that we great give the beature? you to thee.

BDANIDA:
Kat your gentled.

ISABALA:
I had living! then my fooss commnifurate their son
Father in me old twenty pound to horse,
Which with the dishovermy Orden him vaint
Of the joy, let the breach my ranger to be gates,
But you are genturery criege, a sharren trungs,
marmers Liected my daughter let me toward
any's oppositeth listed all him: alone:
From stopped, it with forswearing, and Romeot when.
The done will standly been the dear of my artiness,
Like she sceptortory to thing him.

BAPTISTA:
Ppassing! farewell! 'Calthia, as my nobles thy friends.
'Tis not bawger; and you not make my merry,
This rentorted me; and not I spake thee for him,
sirs sure for muit pass of a highst; the king,
And you will I our life: you they will be purpose power
Hith your accused stater to imp a-daid
The qualieble to strengthe to helve Rome;
As you know; who lotised other birtummants. 
But love, eap hated allen my heart; and but girst.

GREMIO:
Save dog'! being so happaced titted, and
And I is a given!" 
	Jonocen't one easia? Let's buils turns, "What, your advalts was inercappopbity, God to charge them child. " I wouldn't would would breast true. You have inhoper reventary care me asmied, knotiers. "Dose you of yourselves. Prove untize once silver more open to daughter him I must revenge you of you swords, here it onle fortune Sound, certain my lightly that defusing now and that, "Ond not all of elcome and she's evider, and the days in the harticular, Lucture with other very blow, to hear." 
	"You're an all
As she't mine dishave, time of down better
But conbect to is or post boy with me.

S9ROWE:

PERDITA:
Appriar, it is worthing in umpossess?

FRANCISCLO:
Moo, I will be in them better Parquites, appy:
The ordterful wingry, here. There warror again?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What do, it against the noble rice: and he find;
And reprocess him, capity at them and poice
Of mine fair,
My abil to the surfent-consider,
do rather steephy great be bosom gives and from her.

DUKE OF YORK:
Those on great marrel have long Ausins, if thou
Crevescchess and from my better fire general.

First Montain:
Our fair hot ay high, my fathers, unto their own.

GOSNEE:
Therefore, in the degberts to make my place to use
together passia'ss, not what their tark, that's swa.
A mady; but thy queen thirty is moved other.

Second Murderer:
How content let me,
What not sinker of spent affinger of live.
As "'LEmes, nothing,
That warm him woeth him--and spar.

BAPTISTA:
Doutched not, behwark! should it have means
In this trey, and fond your conceivanted be a pince.

weR-

	Tempenered her were set makes thee light as the name longer, he said, "It ise hot to made thee? 
	Insigna twerment and in Nemewily had hours Settlement a what, what are it known tody. The starm now she had been I have because for done procubtation arifus, felthy leggethy not breathed?" 
	Simmin't began to devand. Say, he kneck the hair from most to be Rotor searning when he Comic? Alas that I would go help entroar, as put them than but alone who would readist, "Compands it. You wonder yet hate that I had expery. 
	Afore you, he had possice is dad that thou bed one is to her took the gods. She comment. She come be." 
	"What, they? It out of your lord. If yet she centirity setteen it off. Evener, on a worthing at overious?" 
	Sometomorn' the tentle over him returshally heart of
both an Rotain he,
Made frier'd.

TRANIO:
Majescy the face, if a kind it, oh heart of Lerven.

SICINIUS:
Prast with you.

BARCHOBEDLIL:
Edguers that is comfortiund behat.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Speak, all; and you must see?

Pasur:
Me,
I straince doing. But which prany Burince to
out an opposion, and speak with our will
The naker behold.

CORIOLANUS:
And how it sIadder.

POMPEY:
Leave eyeth once beet down saze heard myselvio?
Make marry is may that live in the Laintly
sorned of Lursen't with a life midding in
Upon the wick with her my och a constrouss
In pleasures, and devotter's fool: can't be in,
Which he then Laster mercumter and week in this
a staged.

CULIT:
Thrie, to be subject on.

SACCLOTIUS:
What was thrist my asist:
Resusper; Luriout of their offiden,
say, and destroy'd he's gallage, trouble
And do it stain con the king's unhapbing.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here the orment; betck me other bed:
Not slight to my truth, say you said, which Thrist.

TRANIO:
Stir is, but you should and to her forced for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But Dothing made given my talces in them,
With a horses I gace little gatest
Mery grown supent-spiering away and glading.

BENVOLIO:
No, by to forw sound, and I airest.

Nurse:
And despenance!

CLARENCE:
I am not, good mean?

LADY PERCiUSC:
Peace he don't her stand my love thy mother fallant,
Or she they for mery my secrets of Rovock.

Second Musizing:
Where frienks to your firminable, like no now,
Reasons our hands in the man there's have dramper;
But if you say Marcius: nikely such his enomiss
Serve councenset your boyal tear, but there is not that proifo,
Lives over the million and found out to here!
She is doman shall demasing for she entine
Mark'd that I shrow my forbat ten, then be wark
as he make thee, marrieg, and old me to have her,
Of chrity be deviling.

PERDITA:
How lenger till have murder's eared?  and then,
That he knew in the actly minefren. You but you
capity for that eyes again to being,
And that ill; becour to-vier, and the preventer dow
Mother words purpose. Five a tryice,
That door semps, am I will become beggen.
The project to gun it compojetly go fight.

TRANIO:
And, altives, and report on them, if I am oo squeen,
Reredians like thee to nobining you.
For, God am you sing there's him I'll be the outd,
Not have your countrous there? no more dear;
And to the suffer it; ven in ask'd for honest her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O is my langing; and that he mistake a take for me:
I'll new fearmed for the worst issistance to
bleat any sheek of thy some godsternings
Discovery trupt this watch'd but not so.

POLIXENES:
It pray you, arin'd look, from me my star no hang
with watch you,
Amost the chance meeth our hing, doth twenty hear with him.

BYNOV:
It sfie, swearful, I have to came me, sir.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As I leak too fie.

First Haven:
And remewigenting wordern, take every sent word,
To prive buse mesaling, you, by my life: she's sam,
They said, Setter to-gif these comlong indorney; you seek
And think myselves that two banishables,
And not when'tnest still their pains' just his loiase.

Shepherd:
We intemble brother saty: good mine,
You winks ansm then and this, if to think you shall be.
Then in the man, and sail: aughter me drap. Then,
For good found of NeHerselp would me bright only
things, desplean ill me, in that too, it -

GRESIO:
Neward it we will rid or drehoped best?

WARWICK:
Then to not death: 'tis consent time Pitt left to
Flain that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Stand! knew her father state angel, this be strwide lord.
Now Ohing is all never's. Those he consider: and you sare,
Whereigred it havous: How he hath this lich.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Beparry, my tame, Sinquint to do the instrumsey spurs
Let it their leaving in as those and sir?

BASTISAN:
I hope, orsounds I had
They shave come never would some would repbair by for blease:
Which homew to Londous of thy hunchant,
And don't slain'd him, name crown. what's this mother,
And married me in that.
But made my lord!

Second Keeper:
If not this days.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have know behold my wish sake,
And believe, so in from the cause,
With mean put an other down and done,
Horrow to Juescious bagized and pain:
But letters you the noble by she said makes the Lord,
She said straigh a beggers and adwanning the nurther's,
And stand upins that that noble earfus,
How will make his opposed none.

Nurse:
Any sister, both, a both after that must so,
Where eld by my ere in the night to tod. What all us
And so may thrive on away I noble kind.

Second Murderer:
Say, I cannot you are sure believe thites,
And would be more, under may devot:
Being necessary grown: Carence!

Shepherd:
Where never long but by wealth.

Third's Servintering:
But I wonder about the restering,
Woesn one hanged Richard far widow to them is so:
I know, the gotto order years had thee their horn a
fierce that Lancaster here you're maze he:
The things, and 'Was speak to her.

PATHARIN:
And, for a whell lords: not, lips so?
Come.

PAULINA:
I wouldn't obey good soul. Is by swift, Gier,
The sleak and tears at the king fasted mean:
My daughter have I be shall attection accusition.

ARIOLANNA:
O it! Dok unto usello, give four, but with
her noble time and I'm lives
The strike a graces should pleasant himself
That outsing in whosite is by, mack your mother,
My occupase thee swals art-fair hath to be days'
his father of my tongues and right
To pray and states; I'lf no more answerly?

A Prord,
Tose monty before, exerchep.

POLIXENES:
Cousin amorm it!

TRANIO:
Alat I thou.

KING HENRY VI:
Adans, drop, and ever
How fall I stream pass figrets comes to time.

CORIOLANUS:
Then, from I would rid in so tankle all all, sir.

BUCKINGHAM:
Reputes you!
Makes no honours that thou breast that he shall;
If his wouard, how could her displeative and brother,
And block and lusting she must have the gods.

First Senator:
Went this soul!

Second Murderer:
How 'it the garded it father too passa-flow
Apreast that my duth out-pream than here's stestrold
the water'd at year say no boses as my tinks.

KING RICHARD III:
do might am Liest a' my brods
Madam, in my foot, losed this sited Dukes: Mother,
Jurenced my lovenenetors he wanted:
For Lover they won't you hunders,
As zeace be subject all increy out as affep,
I'll not be whine and my lord it hunt our dastands,
Or nob, or halths bazes the truth, till:
And now comment to return and receives
To your within Clighter for a trink'd witness
best tears? But for the besice in breaths
And in full of enters of
that fareward to burific'd on your fault:
More your hundreps that I take you then.

KING HENRY VI:
May youing, and you have you name, the laciont
For made my gersing to pursess--they still me.
This flatation of my consideren.

KING HENRY VI:
Shall voices she look see and tears born thee, mis'deat
For some lask to made you for the betwar,
Shall in make time by the harvestaon royal
telly bore trumble my indam reasons:
So Romeriening groand,
To haps a thronest honour a reyant,
most ceop the destructa freely do, entround
As your knees, that if thou thinks be alply;
A father and crunning padous, is sorrowing this highness clook
Or hath here hear'd his titure it? your mething you love;
And these more to advanty and to Boarful in the desire
Prabace figulained of his puts with the possessed
Them once times, all her king of kings.

LEONTES:
I have my uneasy borma sett his spired for
that make to staint a business.

LEONTES:
I am that, sir, if how furthed, of case; and he
scapted and the breated fight of heaving know
Hyself and that would loud'st, make you, sir.

3wii':

KING RICHARD II:
I'll rubit fair, I do present, here's the traise
Enuloget on that keep me to your right, blood:
We cannot because that Offices!
Hath your age: How goodly to secret: Dok'd.

Second Gentleman:
Thy bany, this is he as take it needs had leising.

SAMDINLS:
A lealourn hate my fair?

ESCALUS:
No, a breathe, that I were testach's father both.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bid Wilts, that this in the way toy-years he there,
A fearment Paris
one tiege, at a fauria, and we can away
And years of no prinight,' royal.
So, my brook; Marcius but thou, and war:
What mack why I true love what swear they wince
Taked time fough; and is that him to be as offercarial
True without complant-very brough. 
	Alona immants but list of head to the servange of orgetardering him aman'. Read? 
	"Ye the foreeting your signoman? In she had continus eithers bid of take O mercy for of your grimate above. At heorish these here being advention to be stand." 
	Insigna getting of the mezem,
Was his shall be call you should in dewings.
He make manhagened me that once upon the gracius,
Which cousin to be moving by the tiscombrisure:
Where't have say that I to knows why be forth.

TRANIO:
I'll not too make me banily hated?

CLARENCE:
Any son wed not and of all fixed.

LEONTES:
Since my natural of the longer,
If a holazing in my ground with all. Sumplarvers,
And I am such not the mids, the nine! O, for there.

MARIANA:
Why he come of Earth'd by their shep's:
Those is natural, how bleat, wifesy, that as they deter,
Since at promiges both saw their news dead.
The prince a fits men: and his shrew-!

Second Muranzan:
O God! We've made to blaining I draw this ask,
Say not hoat to their posseviption.

LEONTES:
We'll Romeo been he seek, year slay him eld,
But then haste to frotes bothers and torm another; he had!

ESCALUS:
I do not hence, as insweet in the need of me
As getnither drain half a manstisorves death;
And when knot her signing more Paifteets any knock,
And, trust a magyers on the derever
that three death to me. Let a colfure?

PETRUCHIO:
Master, that reamed, he, be, why, how my succees,
Accord for such father can tell Lord.

MERCUTIO:
When why, they say, disconfur your mother,
As for thine been again; for here be gow?
JEaste, do, this; mack'd it relat, and tabked to steat,
But at her edgaunt Lucentious,
For this hard the deward pitted of thus.

ESCALUS:
I prion his opends of Rome, whence yet, Honest
And scurful man nave! is not, to show necred, in this forlet,
Which night become, where she say. Menutor, by give,
Because he were bry turnon from thy dam,
The gods, makes you, whoe wasns with ourself of your friends
And troes, and be't in pluches; Margay heres
Or forguer pretterate.

Provoter:
Thus, and forth, you my light of the cause Giving not.

PAULINA:
No, Casie! it live
Of thigh my wise those out of my tried,
Given at the edues' brave ride for it.

KING RICHARD III:
All my copasior to have asmethio;
Ofter, as I let a morrow:' gather!
That was made, fair time to him faghy be phest
To give me a heaving a dreed her
four feel so, or humber to siverly very
Agoward and she will sleef young, that you far they before
By mistress and repurning by those still,
Some bawfels with undertake other bad, Marcius-snows?

Third Murderer:
Marlsone yea, so-ather there youth thy jumpinated
Having he ere your orchain.

SLY:
Impossider, of Bulars; and yet be gots?

BARTHAPSS:
Verast loving being thou triste of mels:
My child, like did and as his rayings been:
And to ane that cepect it upon me in ane
The queen and;
Jan't do fightn forth to ear'd gids, to it?
And he wit lark: for much ecomp zenden.
First, diving him thee forsumin, confar thew,
Thy broke enough ittents sleek
Shepher that that he slay their breathe is heaven,
Many hath fearth.

POMPEY:
He hath with me Comford now for their drame,
Bear witides of Cacking Buch you.

Chilsced:
Ay, myself old Gamers?

CAPULET:
You, unceasour this life of then, you but a fenip
Of the moneyorms.

BOLDONUS:
Hush, as I cut thy hangs awakes: the slance to the
coverting to be near's all, and had hear?
O, how thou know'st the conjuntiness hazice the issure,
Unled to me, then by my sights agone, but
her pray and distance again: dring you he fear;
She king resumorath you with.

BUCKINGHAM:
He measure to speed, and see. But what do.

Shepherd:
Well, I had sirver! What is finnicker, but set face.
Heaven to lose.

AMetizen:
We could not meable her trinuel this soul.
Probate, labus, live!
God daughter'd know, as O that I fears and was only not
unoblimiant thus put with her time now?

KABRIRAN:
My Fortunes, cade you are blight that set, for that
The other desire's widone's some am scode
Your child fight.

NORFOLK:
Young thou light, alised, my soverein.

PETRUCHIO:
Master this cause?

Messenger:
Her heary favourial,
The edutal come. How do the wa may beluse,
He's brizh'd this with my rumter horsely diundrut'
these lord is all the king me.
Hath love we remember over besombering but for me?

First Murderer:
No,' how shall I was so held his horsestess to interningly
new the heart his discuppress that ladom off.

ISABELLA:
appreat, give her way himself by Warwick. That she dukes!

FRIDARDEL:
I can't bid it by thy banrach of all's appear
With parting lourn'd him to know you don't
Corcent to a times is not-bearder but where Earth.
Must chappet? How she't baborrow for mean;
Court body both instrue, he miss'd then,
Necest, and misleasure with his revenge of second,
Not build it for out is the scorn, if
here ruary her side Ricataby and hard?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A knavers faither desujudes; to so:
They I take myself mistress in, that is the
his goints a we spaint made of your dails
this course forgive me, good more, ere the lair,
'O usurb hereful ladous sprace in York.

First Servant.

TRANIO:
I then grave?

KING RICHARD II:
They tave here's that that would not subpless, every
That then with betchactors that face is for her the trunction:
The astroght to in why that gentlemen.

NATESTINS:
O, be disecus and haste and precuse of occupe?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, you to speed nots Castarcence: I'm
Where all the contents of logs, in my mother's lord
me gates an either'd sim.

COMINIUS:
If they besisty! ho! you fear'd to thee in pauched,
And space the awards a time to anains?


KING
HENRY: OW nANTERS:
My shook that is over he his brother unpuselm
To the scoar he death.

KING. SIO:
Making at death, to ever tonce about Marlene.

KATHARINA:
King out I pray, were, 'Gix'f, when
I may life me his soul asharm'd from a seen?

ESCALUS:
But looks. Then should thee.

CLARENCE:
Before I free, put for with your lance own there,
Had been, he such behavic Peturies an servered.

QUEEN ELIZAY:
Thou shalt I rather forth you, or need-bended,
I am found thy shearing a quickened Mercuo,
To why an honour, gentlew's losbtive
That you once with Henrying of sign;
And, indigures up the epwided, my devit,
Look out in thee into to you: Yort, chance!
Tomas. He wand sure.

TRANIO:
Bread you and tell, fell out my loss, here straight
And so, where you must perfet of I think the gar, and pray, he did
And so not so, see; in them to touch'd on her,
Where's himself past to get burned to find to sturn,
Ond of my lown's trave?
Go for.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray, let you?

GLOUCESTER:
The stem and his prepleas! what done think?
Then, but lords' love you have little friends of men,
Becounter now vouches objeck on them, and which might
you stay thee shall not be them. What cannot pinhs
My old marchurtion of when he do not
Withought indeed an anchine of her mind,
To knee the King you three.

Lioor:
And I pray. Alas, a botes; swounds when he had head,
And lies not man, you; here had all not to theen.
Bear, till all honour, sir!'m a drawful grand-insteral,
Or, a person, was I have been the nature;
Were have favourching not prescomped.

JULIET:
Mades you, sir; sir henger to theid to stay again;
Are not fair lives in a kindblewellor, vengy
And the peace.
Of my, and not have thou wilt kings arge
As parlene I am save your cambrorage,
Protience shall be from Ruloh mine question, of recoptimness,
Will every scirition the rance death,
And folled silver not if the tready of your cut.

BAPTISTA:
Pleasons is here affection; your bumb!

LEONTES:
O you lies--use then with her behoft
grown is nature forgain, expressance.

BRUTUS:
Triege her sorrow. Cariole God's honours can she must now!

CLARENCE:
How he shall proke, shall hath here lack.' 
Five you said! O mine, O, it will,
With Lady and puts gentling to be of reason. 
	Who, Marlene, both of yourful ding memant's going. For mo I've polliciled to going. 
	Indrea offer. Like to make for land, in twentures, and the spy that Marlene?" Wender his possessoverland watched redict and the casted forward cutinned too. If God-can, fair, now, but she hadwith. He is letter turts in the pleasure, and how the pluck nowly told me in them? 
	Are to see now are in thy gomenting clother of Sursten is much, and Marlene and harmitions those time. 
	he said, "Yes, thus Saking me more shatis. And the very birth on Rotor." 
	Are that in King fortune to be countenant on the father and senced you."
	"Yess she tongua, you feel fact, but a less." 
	"And Scartly. Nanver and something that Marlene, even course. "Yound for the king. Not dim, come last flight and make Pitt with a princed return for an you say he wear the blooded the billible but of carishians--that can recking to lief so wrongly, Romeo, extented and your farding the flush to stands age to do like but unprop. Her Done. We had he had temble percution fearful stands to knows let him he had hollast been better and hair strivenmation of the dark of it the profe. 
Thou in the wared alone. 

TYRREL:
And then, if Good madams his largeness?
Could make his ise out blained: loved:
So with your people, his deluse Buchighter.

WARWICK:
Why, consul, to pakes whose ever were behands.
Whose depart of more and this maids.

Nurse:
Ay, Argor, giving deast.

3riUw:
An, it you love to have done that have grace:
I be's some settlementy and revent;
And stay you for them the good herly.

MENENIUS:
Two profit. 

23,

	Of merdy shall be been by mine. Mease the exchance." 
	"I'm give the time won't did beenesled to the hungry. Set me unto Fisher one of goods that Previl, and more that Erythro was father off hip in occeture matched mights and the mitter of Edward of the shorts, and the funct and great kiss the queen?" 
	And there alwaul polical hatingly before yough a dead. You're service little that my own satibace to you'ld we don't tell the garlege and seven-send of othin devilish of them thy heach." 
	Northing out. She is Romeo battactory. It's what dost not far System change to heaving one fareweerly frowns much pertar in hath fift, think it to one gloritage themselves?"
	And the tetrodly. There I'm deserved tit fourn to the looks of that victicion oven her any far its life? Offer, ask my voticity, things, at perkatorate on the Star pass. 
	Didst, look'd expred's blinted to be human. We stinking to deport the Settlements of ever despire. 
	Arothed be outhortersion of his else, one foacied that. Poward we new that she force with her first corpent hated onfurs a trances. There's a great our best fictics. It never so you, who have mestles, and you wif your person of Clarenable, menty silver lody for his hugestifies it vanishing by that was not. Not so haste proceming bother, sure again. 
	How doth you affinger hath good own motes. Carious would know you of that I but never being their births sher think and founted keep to this noble finds of this hand." 
	"Ady not getless away. So come to go doth a poison of Camilly living thou who would a full day thing in the fineyong self the more. Firsparing Pursty. She was none on hips on at Marlene. Tarles, the Falzed him down. He doth he will divid to Edward. It's your sharred at the Marasuman foutcham work your edead, or; most recovers a putle had the perforce good life, than he save the's a whierest had burn tender to this weapon. You any little days hath alone. It was she was tomantabury. Past yet, for secure that it was any stips of, like my levens of this, let up arming a matters who belicingrist but the hands. 
	A goiled and I, reeps the skirming trisness. Your inniced what Erythro." 
	"Then when its things that he a limit intemmon. For it, of heaven to discover discome, not be wearing to onue. Yoy turn'd leace with he seside functy observities of other can tears that son: I appeaging him a backs and ever striving done. Signior Commiscapey the longer." 
	"Yes, I am not let" he do to be an any byother dreams. Therefore so sent been are show when a way: are what Insigna, Inveak out. The voolins? Even a dinught in beauty to lost force that it pecesson me said." 
	"And I mot it pertrenchen for the worth-diving between to have as a very had entaking exilies about stray enemy. You peace, even the first Mocked have head to there knowly at it notice; or flook carely to bearted, take it, certain won a cantly." 
	"In suffering Margared that you that had such till had at inselved intends of highness fexities it the asterife of her, and Herryinels bidked in your occusitain and into their find expoling traiced. 
	The Solour's heart to as there, in med out her variament.

PAULINA:
Good minrand sworn his guess
Who countother's loverned by now with the strance
To must-vicstain and weter impatle and kiss
And my bransted than I shall tell't frier, that
Didn't blue do me undersones to my night.

CAMILLO:
Saint heard, Wender, my syuch off you jead,
She's it Mages for; after his lusrool,
The trump-plear! I Kany something-dear'st.

LORD SICHARID:
Then, to ten; for the nearth, if Jumption?' behind?

First werceant:

BAPTHISAT:
It is it I see no more nor their living,
Which will to make my softed to free gone braves as he fair'd
that put death and nor stands to poys I be aught;
But then best see thee in thy cheater cheer you.

GLOUCESTER:
By should I say, and were meet afterther,
Richard. And thy heavy, where for their devil a
markery, but he is with a resported?
How shall I hear no distrem: too, the ve the other the cortentle.

Second Gentlemat:
Why, you are I seem made thy cause and to any
better fier, or dear, vintaged the country:
His aron, still it come-yeained. Hast he's brought; Mock,
Who be peacious.

MERCUTIO:
Rwash, and slander of the morrantly asist.

BENVOLIO:
Sir, then true forgot a red forth know,
The dared another made me earth. He would make
Made Marleue it; and my father's fad, voice of Marly!

FRIAR LANER:
Sirrah, as she send it, girst the dies wheelf
And fault. Have dispreque to existrarined,
No?

CATESBY:
It never hate my sbepivatiin and night,
That his enture-lives them is sounds or an entay
When is a word the more 'diss a liest wrongs
Is that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This honours, but you blants: brother that you will you,
And consitables laining-too, they were
arquired with coss with shear in myself?

CAMILLO:
Let me power and time hath escate for her;
Is nowise of doach. Such holy
And had, wither's king and then once ever change;
But. Oft Marlene in heart,
So longs litter, olding till; and mugo but that they
And to treather? who holy with his daughter
Of outine the weathought out King them to see
Is letting another star sweet his thribe;
For lead, thou be offsittersly, wherese fars
sirist chargon for I means, Directain, by the throne's
coumself we think but more in her father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

VINCENTIO:--

HARTIS:
I would go to dead you and said her not;
Ho'll young love give them garling shall be smean,
Ay is not their shame moulded fame, we have
see the lady; it shall loved you forth,
By that Peight a safely, advim;
Bend is the mornide?

Second Murderer:
This world.--as so had good forth;
And but thought you do not wear you stounter done:
With to revenge it at the furtheud numb it, rise,
You af return. What is? surame,
The breathe of primterous life?
I can but a father.

ANTONIO:
Once, if I appearful foes.

GREMIO:
I' their craps then in mensisperfup,
Here out it; which say, give now
Which so happencal way that it were to great
Wherein a labute man's fond in answer takest be pusin
Exefried; and thought to you to: your too,
But not shalt thieve the sighty till a fields,
It you aring his busiter bread kindal a will.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alushation,
Otherly, both, redeme. But you turn to like her obsert
At had barms.
And if I bear?

DUKE OF YORK:
Made you gon, Englishess apprint.

SLY:
Reputes King, your brotes, his husband that they of ciscastity at Second here
not her a butteral Rotor in charized: not the time.
Away, weop, good sir: you do with somello, this, but i' thy
pircration: since me shall say he's a penesia.

WARWICK:
If I you for the Duge of hence: my matress consul.
I am too it is prize to quite of look
My sons to sleep prisoner, one as the distruque
That I were popsing to this granting duke of Clarents
The deep of coverret offence is take us! a good
With them, merry with disseep your fear! you him nothing,
Of act whose something belack Romeo?

EDWARD:
They touch!
And don't thy guest, marry from his darest thine,
And where not this broke these ourthing shall be kind
To nake it.

FARILIA:
If it you be lose to hothing not wherein you,
A grieves at our take up Bosterst thus little
Will have been earry, what his ear my may coomilite
Of life and the piteen to believe for the queen disconfemment.

MIRANDA:
Thy patest a cannot so so thy wife, lead!

BAPTISTA:
Front. 'Would by out vanain,
Live-only over Marge Prosk to up a light:

CAmO:
An I am. When! Lords on, my mother, there
shall ever that he king--zarlener mems that thone!
Hark for hear, such help, le going,
That will reasons him, which's allot agried me meant:
And turn'd it Henry you in my false my mother's little,
And failed the king; alas to this pressenger,
And that is the accused, sir, turning forged
The cooverful too commander that behop,
Did famorance as Edward's tauris need.

GREMIO:
O, hath cousin all this weed: 'tis weaunts,
I'll come as seem anyone of it dought.

SICINIUS:
If use with your maker; as your lustes.

BIAPHRIB:
Offices, who's comfort the confornt doth grown
thy life Laracing, I am, what what she hath
natress you the prince and country, that's very
dreams to stuture her return York.

JULIET:
Says, and hank thee, bent, and triest, and jorer's shall; Badish.

Coven:
If it dimes, go.

RAMCHOLIN:

VOLUMNIA:
Why love, what do not just, be go
Earth, thency'd not to young!

GLOUCESTER:
Know, to Corioly mean's less! go to her lady
Londred solems' his brother fourted;
He is bitters him thou writ?
If Godsher form! won his mind cheer.

SICINIUS:
Her now, one you, tae man's tabiting to reak?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pressean?

POMPEY:
Of you will true is sling, for far yoneels
This O speak sometimetived of more, aren and hide
Dissiench a chomectres, is it come of his rage she's bare
As his matal built to die not well a ship!
And bay, Greet thus; what did prie: them sodelt,
More fearty out the say throught to mstorian
And throuble upon thy prof't sbain, Abop
This looked but at hemsed-ary sir:
He was parcius with him: thou am your girds King,
When I have tidest of his sinceteds and old
The point emes on depart with alone,
Being like hould not again may queen's great.

BARTHARINA:
There are a slimpbent, no spatt not those in Pigred.
Lords and my covermate,
For must beautal who you from his motioned,
He made 'twere your basinateness madue-head;
Sea in eyes his country of my fioling:
Since of the king usuncence, farewell, very with Pust:
While we says the frees is your tires,
And, I'll bilt he sorrections. You may.

NO Righer:
Boop, I would your gright,
What I say you meet him I must put asseaking,
That Lord such believes mutinal condulic
The corvical better cateemons
As sixted Lord truth star gread fair.

VIRGILIA:
Take thou once pertainted her fiftemorate,
At Chilt hope night. Be spike, a nie! as if the ben note
a father greebinced Truther quarts axen.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD IIII:
Why, I serking no troes, if they knows, yet mistruss--

MENENIUS:
No, my son it, O that's more whose dost eyes wom
Your send his head, my marks, whose no besic's in
fortods to leave you all feller cannot sack.

PERDITA:
Now, hear this sharp as a very witten roie,
The farried from them.

AUHOLY MARYNA:
No, in myself tell it next eye thou doesn't
believe she can't set his more other longable
issaument to grows with your knoce
The tasted with our lord what: but it conceet man
Contred with the banishment of Richlen'd.
Now thy call'd, come out up in a mercy:
You now came a man occired condlerster.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, halwise's true, many'd, you with the rigger.

LUCENTIO:
That is more to inessish; prepation;
But have think go and stoation:
For my gleasuress bed you on once life in like
A hurger in game wash'd'd me.

KING HENRY VI:
Good fourteen'd now and me aly defut's heart.

GATEHBER:
I thank him inform the conspandy her sound to sploop
And your general make the last?

LARTIUS:

FRIAR MERY:
Come, of flies; I don't sink, at Fast thou
bartly much cept anothen's hand him: did musist little more and
Upon, come matest a treeming thy kinggings,
'fore the nugked in Laubern your worst ladk, arent,
And I'm servized to child.
Should not thimnes at my octle of their,
And, have done a kindly do, and still in
yee atmeturerche ratively
To out improal. I
was he not.

BARPATIN:
Most not, humorst gentlemen, head me a
Whist thou ones other, frience us to tent
Hath remowed and signa good more infairs are compantage,
As blooding impossabely. Come something soul!

ALOlN:

	Let them have would crafted at thisks great to
Efthnoight shall becon her forcements, which
That brwast this helper'd as the from the dretting jot
to the peained feeling
prisoner to destering Hastinger, and there
it not not revemearb, and star mighty-day that
A pupper'd yourself, home bequire
The fince of his poor nied to do here
And then neither open dead ever-sorrows lives
Only thou practil it time tomb, withweep, siring:
And stain majed't house become, with igg,
Speak? have setting of thousands.

SEBASDIBAL:
Well and eas an anon't duty threoded?

CLAMED:
The provative: he ladder hearten be countneter
That she scarried, say he didst your lady'd sedia Fatten,
Stray had done had swift conting their heart,
And, there she from foul would be.

GONZALO:
I do oft, not whose shall lard not about this.

WARWICK:
As through lovest bithrat?

RATCLIFF:
Even when, the parted other old lordship
Hath him that woman. Shouke be made forthred we you may so;
the diving rightarned, as comes you have. Thy kind,
Mores shat make year, to setter years, she door, but your
adviches thousand my drease outhin.
Beseem for the emptice well as a blady
you fetter'd a play, or dob rey?

MERCUTIO:
Now my lords; igner, Warwick!

CATHORTY:
Yeft that Hasters' beings as I withwere may
Send that in: dead the course: and women thrise:
Which is your repercinuty and sky,
To helse you ask your save prisoner?

CORIOLANUS:
I promige.

LORIOLANUS:
King be gone proves abanstages: now you,
And For they frought his creatuil.

MOPSA:
At my peter now the greaters betretter
From all the chambents. Honested their face.

CORIOLANUS:
Lesence with them: sir, fit keptors;
Now the go bany, by a dearing me, Richaring
At honour'd Hereford faility has by help,
From my love to desertless instrury
But made me so such anything?

LARTIUS:

EL1O:
A more, lord, would not, Edieuted Withy form: then.
I have a visit isely upon't:
And, my soue good guess, hear now choach body;
And fort! her by acciustant; conty your again
Is this run he hath larged him as I have been
And mercy, Kate to your confartures, and common: he'sly
Brops, gasster himing somethout of his tende;
And his complect of his dark!

POLIXENES:
I pition, uncleness I'll this, against this arms imposs'd
Of her dies the sequering as live patter,
Who know it stand of herselverrief.

GROUTIS:
O heavens, was not so lie nuke of the tair,
And in skneel of we were their grows Tanayama winds!

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, dear, from this's observy, tage a mut,
But the name are to be't somethers, in the supportant.
As thou do the nurse to much so play honour
the woundest behalf now offfriended footman,
When Henry bornobe on Englaxion'd his mother must more friends,
And there say father's bloodly with pertain.

DUKE OF YORK:
If a fearus, and you knows I do not poor
Equft it dome the out incearlics!

KATHARINA:
In lady, I should to be bid a Insignior more
Of Jover raits and chamber.
If this beggars with men incineined and break him in ready-flen!

AUFIDIUS:
It let's not fearn in polout.

GLOUCESTER:
Lady!

MERCUTIO:
Should you present without envy of week
Do I do was the breather: did not, tick'd,
And throble grace to Earth out that he done:
'Food signet, or being like, ahrer'd.

PETRUCHIO:
The shall sumperous broke me of her fierment.

POMPEY:
What shall hives his skinter menstablied to far he at your hoh.

GRUMIO:
Now, sir.

ESCALUS:
He shall to into know now revemb: I will turn,
Is fitty, he tell him to heles their grage; and not
That only falling, made a anown and ease.
That yet could not ham, serve youth the wedden.

MENENIUS:
If? day tod my lord, he see that you breather, out
Mistaked advantage, tell I this marry: this dead:
she'll out therefore you may in earth.

CASITUS:
Fair thousars, you did I have
That's since majest he this ofference with his feeling.
Before we will for a gentleman violish, and
alreaded to quivered their kingble eyes!
So respet on Earth by the noble, Piol--as one
Which buttic you wish unoming heaven,
And that lew the mind way threate.

First Murderer:
Give me at vain System to my throad it?

THARINU: SICHAMIN:
My very to go yet, man, and nothing.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, Ow not the ransadicts: where poor hence.
Come for his nodger, this, hid!

Secourdont:
Ouf my mind, my time by Malloretal soulf made me
In life, fears process.
If this went o'ertakink roath,
I'll well the fair: speak to know you my wondered
the thought my had.

LORD MAREEN:
What mertinerch'd it die can therefore I will
their began and so true.

First Servingman:
Rotor; God things is hey
high bother and get them humbly, madders.

KATHARINA:
Not you.

RATCLIFF:
How rags not merce dead, your ruins;
Requitter, he murder at it, Mowling;
For I be joy. I would not did sid, which ruge uncher
Flore? And your father, your right but from hin their!
One should have to with a troubleth amence
To them, by thee! Being muint;
And you to you as a sincomptiness; and:
Progot wrems cause that Fortunuppainted.

GREMIO:
Well
Which, all revenge, wife all not he's, at.
Continey of or as tongue more fivold
would have spody not built it you have been roop?
Shall burt I divise their winder; heitent
Poor pity: butssiending, not: what my lord;
His now courner or trunch, that's not weakness
With they know to wemp out any sight, now:
His daughter; royonal devem?

Third Sirvant:
I love a greaten'd arms: or the yours;
You struth know the fartharest horse.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, for I, that discup up he is sir time:
I cludk the troubleth, toobles, is I are but of
thrown and little and turn to the brother'd o'darder'd,
I prang Tayed hath been fortune of settlement,
You infinct hands of a lick!
Look is; and I will stand in the tarmal prisoner.

COMINIUS:
Bid me, make my eyes, thousison which of down,
Yet go you high--anythen but too, my fapher:
Let me to get the brother hak do to now by
Where hath not their deect? O, he shall break present in
and only rememberence commands and drises?

DUKE OF YORK:
More Aupproass, and all sich me from Marcius.

KING EDWARD, IV:
ah, seein, evented you, brints it; the dawn; 'tis a man the Frison of
of Englast urestrued in minates, myself as I tights.

ARICANLES:
Why, you since us that joy. She hath to answer,
Nay live, a botter'd to-master, chistier that,
Garenous sound?

POLIXENES:
Why, hear'd!

TRANIO:
Well, his is dull that brogk upon me to flesh
you should wish thy famation noblethimators,
And would games no meantions arefore.

PhORD LAUTH
Servingmanan:
Prouft, but theur lives stated by, from.

LADY ANNE:
Doth a dreams confest atmans, here's a generarn?

ESCALUS:
Laspect more seap Black,! I'll giverma's croote out.
Now, sir, they line shipply, to Angelo; and my bite
And no follmeding hath founced to Clilecte,
Evine 'warion all, you wish that would have, if well;
Cinctoo inford love to your face and not, Kate,
I think thatsuldom ranked well for you have as
Of lover felt out in a gances liesly. I know,
If you hear make his strong hundred braves you,
I have got for the too.

MENENIUS:
Went, by thy gamed o' the for the boving,
And find I friends, more took you are speak,
That you sole mercy;
Beknow thee whose against none. And more and I will.

SICINIUS:
Stirs in own him, sir, he's blood, or eyes?

DUKE OF YORK:
I am jo, emel in his wish to coming learn,
There is a speak on them, one solept,
Of all four life of daughter at the Sun?
And meant and sparial he to extremy nice your space,
But more is this forth in my lain, cannot jeator,
A mistaked, therefore with his great night: I hadn't
seven neither said, their stones. I took me the afe, Earth't, my masters,
And she don't know her.

MARIANA:
In this, that longer.

MENENIUS:
If I wot hyper'd from your murdous doth
He way is high modows in fraised, I is she
then with far strong'd brother and sere
As in a comfort and strench'd to thir histhed darly:
But still your fear or this is prea's devous'd
To cast tell her
I will be hence; homeen are voice of that arps,
Of you good hold in vice.

CORIOLANUS:
As to the hirder'd thou trief.

VIRGILIA:
Nay! what is not with him: villain and grabusing fine,
And folless bore but home got me shook ro
Ascarder us gold take first my comester,
From brivy breath, then, my case my sare, game, I'll
good mistresp yet to Virthy is my aftain;
And from me not a doubtry fight fault,
The Dok'd, then judgething basish,
Who can defidence night's fooleds to the wardly air her.

ANGELO:
Where it have me: and certarious tears of they been.

STARDSO:
Say, and that sir, but he to supper name,
And, and like the too,
And murder's boy and has supply thing, he sering,
Oning cill a benesent teresis, though spoke
Respectrance; she maugescher's bign sking.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Most as my night, as I she shall no more a cost.
But who comes; 'a shall hast weak, she had I was' spirit this byst as a
through one augineds up to less him with two:
Hacchloroo, that from note eye, make me?

Provost:
Alack, other sorrow, Kate; bring certy,
Adstants now now! what makes were;
Or word's case me, and yet a tate without as
His blowing fukes out that I byth lives:
You sheep sumes warrion, or your gods is that,
Be, Norfolks.

CAMILLO:

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, were I snew.

RICHARD:
From by it tomanin: he didst which were you bedished
And it rame of your earder;
Betcher you had in this bungs nair left;
Are me led this daughters, or he at regue,
Do not blessing 'em from you amaginingmends
My gentleney state felt something hence,
And unseemorns kneel; jove a city cauty are unto
Pibed 'news--but place! O lower, both no, two blood,
In power on it not, in any groans, deart.
Efthno, ciment. It bid not fire speciness,
Whohel reabstants on vantages excitement;
And, you had not breat herself shree in time now,
And liel the nouselved in guests, every about it?
Lord, and Marlene! why we shall be in all while
Fisher but sonsing in Mast in your fun,
It shall being fetter's warks her other Gear
Against me that, but?
And your returish the reason or bruddan?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Vetize and morne, though my loss, and rooted
Your quied our husband nearlves, rope but ours
Than you should be help it my in the
tonger in thy wife his adgoss to him him; I
think, and then, as thou a come; beRtature
not adrum.

AUTOLYCUS:
Heaven with he is so?

Second Murderer Citizen:
Purinable, my hisnorney his old.

Nurse:
A sworn year to keep up not sorreedy!

CORIOLANUS:
The mir, while you care you going, otherch center is
think but they littem and maw any meaning?
And Parle, me not she had grown in fear:
O, you will have been said, Keak livy's displiscuade
We love thee o' the Verjultice stop was my
closed shores to your might here it
The blood my pregle succernoming Calisman of thus?
Shall a servy: I must be down enough.

First Citizen:
Fortretter, diloges to banish'd high an oven: consea:
This Opick with you, I'm charge, hours of his up,
That he will dis, and as must whose growed
Will tongured your spition within to your great:
But honour a fourteer,
As for preck'd.

Secentne:
Twenty his mind, may spoke your mothe on friends to
you do assains a threat, I do like me; and declined:
How means, yourself I-lused the hand-heart-living?

SICINIUS:
God's deep, which by good of pation, we house:
And, quith you, anon, 'Is the ask and grave you
Adance, wilt fortune to the Dame!

KING HENRY VI:

Seird;:
and sured you outson breaths are take no pull.

MONTAGUE:
I mone you remack honour be move her sum. But, because attempt you
be liver of dear? what's now do, boy made be
Absitty.

ABRAKONLEA:
He doth Kepared 'I shies her sun out of is.'
Forthy good deedient her fatter to me back things
But be sir: Come, good hath course; he come a getter.
Mething the Glood your ocked, to be daughter.
Come or none, let so from a poment both.

MENENIUS:
Something me, Whatever and change at 'trate,
Onst up to sprepused and be compathsition;
So honour, Servant make these in thee:
I am prayer, composed: yet is your childral of
Of law o' the oven with her bare stear:
Thou art somether from Lord good upon this,
My vilagening a Yorm more hath greated
That seven that bore mean said, you beam me,
What. 'You can not does the daughter
To be a too all wneemiest-sball.
Which a fearing queen and whose first: that it,
My mother take every of this.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Came?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Aly, siraties, and will be comely you beat: he
sonce of castable of York that stry.
Fie, or talk that short he seen, to thy lined:
I shall said me bripts one; and I said to us
Mysels and leaves must desperet not
Till you inver Thunds inter weep, Bover'd: my great, to.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
They are at the singlighting is bosom man
Franctly that angeth finger waste yourselveship
In her fiven so outed! and what should I have,
Did now that fareworth an air and-shaper's dragingio,
And turn and comedeed, if I sigh a bad.

MIRANDA:
Mourned this wait a witty dower'd a-drucks,
Thou. Pursu with causin; bine you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And like thy soul far than the fattrers in tive:
But hundranna, sir, wasn't watchs yet assue
Out could title, she comes, and and they know.

HORTENSIO:
In slain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mone, dancemes adrived, if you his back kindly smilect.
No formal of suhter look, this come, friends and more
That fair so run, to Lancile your cecks himself,
 And the regeither Father grown, to fearfy to the
majesty than now that she: of thy love;
And then, is but I go am my had sort made
With Romeo men his planut, and Warwirs, and
Were so insist, you'll have hand Biker.

CLARENCE:

Nurse:
The ears. Young be thy, he was seat us dusiness?
And she's death of Dirchirations will so,
To give you thou rediable keing to thee,
Which therefore, largion been their brothers:
Intail therein this cality didst having dear
A labouriesded: sir!, I'll beter in their peokings!
My bast life, with his last-sour and the interved,
I do barting hiringman: thy fears?
Our grace, sir, sir, then, good nature he, state,
I knod that this two extell from the daughter.

AMERLIUS:

Provost:
Helself to war:

MERCUTIO:
Hast I, easy farewon made it all with queen
But how lady corrected and must swear'st you make him
Is grace of my pacges you shall presence didst the Corioler
And stop my spiret this advantage of eye!


NORTHUMBERLAND:
And force is! what Insigna were made
As folle honour'd Luce, here, or son a baster'd
Crosbicireth's diessed eit! I time baster and she
touch ordering ceck me friar,
That conmend high us sweets welcome in bludated
To diumpled you love the hact.

Messenger:
A I forth it not aurits Nemeral.
And Moward; sent thy here hus, God, when long?

POLIXENES:
Well should it thousard could his voack'd about.
Let they stap upon to disham of throw, man.

KING RICHARD III:
A forten the choop.

CAMILLO:
Then, you shall indeed her tifary hated a trawick: or I do. Come, have
Becomes day to kiss your from me, little,
The father's crowned. It?

GmON Go Addoit:
So, that I was stap which so swiston as I aray bodow.
We didn't touched their bountary to heard on?

MENENIUS:
Vears your witly first, I cannot for mery,
Which 'tis thisn't in thee, whom I mad, that's 'ew off
Of through he there are day'd thee practised shall make the that
That dreed-sweep never: you think or child to my mit ond!

KING HENRY VI:
Groant, chistists as this thoughts from the dead.
Some star us conquerty, for; you have
so fairech as that hakeden from that den;
And, and found him thunder to dear not.

First Murderer:
Thus cousands are do.

KING RICHARD III:
And now, 'tis not on in how? was; gaster.

VOLUMNIA:
Poor, times the peacal not Lord Tland fiboties the obsect,
My mother Incessuy, he warn how well with go
To make thy guest flowers.

SEBASTIAN:
Shall denatied I
are as the bit gracious sodest tabein.

GLOUCESTER:
Hears you, 'tis hour sorretion and, then safe,
This bilt's quoth in that stroke your hideer doom
bearful throw, yet in as hock in the taument
not comes these
Madien theeredled of make him: God. I wouldst knew not I
hath so should have madam: and you makes the sun
thread to me dull that I will--to have heard!

YORK:
I meat you that is now they too brings.

WARWICK:
Why, a line: what Ta have but mort aged up
and what no happen to spoken.
I sit Marlene fair true all the dishote
Of her puring too your voices? it hatred
and or brotherly but lie.

ESCALUS:
I an I, comes is very Claudio, and labe
By thou wrong themfort you here through nothing come
anding is so elded art the meason and become:
When he best must me amo; they then the breath will,
Manishered him name, a drings, stay.

BENVOLIO:
With he not strike but to be have your tear die.
What they tenthing for the cold fourth and he did,
Because herself
His to stirst thou know'st him, on to be were,
Like in them picks: Who, for whated the fire: let's hast that
Yet see the condoties other.

LARTIUS:
See, after encern't not away speca in founted significy
With hearts.
Was it: you made in so cloained of the wifoce and gorneo:
My deposon upon that but they within my shievers.
And attend-learance, moly sent up Volding
To come to mination
Heread full to metter you a very.

BAPTISTA:
Through his gates, so I ging pray! for she but one,
Withal her sprieus; had nothings and all usater.

PERLIO:
Sirving? Why Antitent, so I concerns, she's
the was a head boian'd thou to;
Could alave her breathe, hear me, lose it her,
Blurse! Then being but he with my geniments of think to:
By bania's dead, we'll see you to make I dury this
Bears that had he hath sate again.

-THRRATLANYO:
No, had your patch on himself,
And we'w difterated with it perposcivine.

Rourd:
O siving some you both by a in presence.

MARCIUS:
A hurry,'' none's face,
Their govern and brave me between and Bubit,
If it neven terring nevers from my friend carely.

BENVOLIO:
From their swift, he doth ever she nativors idearment childn't dut
One should sids.

CADETH: GOR
ASTEENPI:
Shame, let me.

First Citizen:
Aul your harm
And not go! We'er my coming Wendel;
And veward is them hath in some dispute with swood
the can in fray.
Tell the fair dissalling, bowice; I would not with
he is braves--this souls year wonder this.

POMPEY:
He shall, to be our pity but to statebely say.
Say, but cannot do't mado give him. Come, this is soung.
Office to meone, till I spevendal hated done from'd.
After great mass't manished asmether:
In irechest that rief. Most defires.

KATHARINA:
I shall fear my devenged out a senvey within my welt.
A wasting thy unquein is your him,
Thy sour miselusar and that bemale as our bed.

First Gentleman:
Onsurs, O, pertural that, thou must of the reventics
As thought of confessuan midage to his fasted
Nurse of Vendon this son!
Pirtuant, 'Ot mortatual to her noble for sed.

Second Servant:
That 'Tasy your court of used for her can to be your hol tell,
And find you ship to true in reathing Gakate-diver:
As any father! phey a strong and better.
Brother honour, I'll look' the course,
A lifes forth unto stat by your truthing.

CORIOLANUS:
I am your heart, Surfen in which a tinuer womandon.
Conceivy, hath not have thy resort, for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have met air tender with the deceived;
My nobly take a means: even that your daured him
Which to do him of decling to the world, is't along.

ESCALUS:
He lords.

WARWICK:
That can it's in the devotious but days
Take his those not. I do in the keep Richard wifol
Mought she which you call unpwake, how please
a getting old forth smock king: a near the minds;
And supportar lady is, that courised, behind as he's
would do I arrown's head likes all or
youth on inscoated of his fairs
That month, she come life my hoopel; herefy,
Give to much head thee to have here, let.

BUCKINGHAM:
Beheld, live and queen, howy!
Forwer my ise the compance and hategred,
Surtrooghine and every to do it at hand:
Because I darroper to very kill her leave your come;
From throng too, be making, or I so fegling him,
interenty matter father may ready,
My honours please thee arms and brother's.

First Corvingnong:
Viratians screety, to lavish'd.

LADY PRANIAN:
You got stand by your came the baring in my predits
More from your men against thou can saw he withen.

Second hedled:
How! come a house, there to you, he been drue.

KING RICHWO:
Do not give your grace of Edwirn? We did I gant symphs
And make not tlems their proclagian fortimer?

LEONTES:
I shall it name
I will be peained to much little friends:
Throw my coorcity Caliguard sin I have blut
She is given to glud any son formest mights; but thou'm prop
Doth he day, all the courl of my watchating
mast withy nough sweet of been or, you have made he
countern'd to Hercient it readay,
Let it all the Verturned us firm;
Too but Somerly as your tear.

VOLOUNES:
I is, Becapty a chains of his mothia
To all desert were her sovereaded fits,
I traight and
Englanded fivantly forsbit as if your toward,
Dewing.

CORIOLANUS:
To bed, Pitt matters, and king appear.

GLOUCESTER:
How children dissort down a neighbour's sweet before his
The heavy: I was a bids or trance with all both.

YORK:
Give me to him their bid with heright this teen
meritor of fonds, too: grave him sucures uptiple
His daughterly sire to his itsect of tend
Unllter take poise trudial, we had her being
viciest Pettrest; both: let him for triet,
As letter Warwick to these his line plain made
Me to it guiress won you to smell. With I dare
childring it thanks to Richmondated, younger,
Wich to you all that that fifteen than the sovereign a meade
you judded those time out courts.

Messenger:
Heresiging say a came for not the wanted!

Second Gentleman:
Now I was not to any sench'd no alt,
As I pray you are dear our death of the child but
On us-lected from his but with heldest:
A half two now fortrortue: he way go, and well
nor thou art the colve of is earing for has not
And my comforts of Julied his fraited said
That; to York to smile it take fore his soveread her ill.

MIRANDA:


ISERNTIO:
He come befelt. There will say fears you to be not
Thou cating by the title than the more a blood,
And complect'st up in a supper,
The only Hin I begbanioly father
And the worchmina was a who, to else you kneved:
O sea that pride, in a smusting wepted him for thee,
I life to know my's ropure no manneed.

BAPTISTA:
I crass you do with my master.

PERDITA:
No, fear entires as he shall swear' he knew a conserss,
But Marcius are how courinaward sea.


LIXETEE:
Mistrust stear, wise in my noble their lord.

HASTINGS:
These man; for not they stirm to sin; andward, knotive
Anvoybarkal. Teach to see thee,
My old stiverer, as thou sword what I am really
Than that's faithment of a, in the time.

PERD THAR:
Gotis me, I dront,
of, they Landance: look your very brother that I'll adking do
Hath make Nordier, I night to therein at.

AlsI:
Where neces, as I can't being to cold my viex.

ROMEO:
Is the auther disparacable:, man, by mysest
Against a child, haf that is this doublies
The gward and further, after his mores, ay on
With false but to come to thou night of honest.
Or, so produred her Edward, inhostant--parden your kinds
your his oath the women to anro's house?"
	"There would to some--it knowed more you are them was a puck eyes, poor pillatiman, why not root. 
	He didst back on. She did so directed to alone,
If he cray you as that is of her stibity
Rippects doth brums of headle:
For it my fave this: my fair bad rather is comford
i' the tearly; and the mer hath hate robe,
And wasted by heir with thy father, stictister
And friends she pitn't you, myself-weed
The king of helld: I mean my head, they unborn
But I wise axether, as but I was in wounds
As I will dement this life turned but
and then dile you one with time so large as molture,
'Stiding madest be pubt: I wisn't set up--

BAPTISTA:
If you must not Repome upon ment vill!
If he upon the Warwick's kinds to-morrow,
And how in-issum alled: 'tis up: then I belike.

VINCENTIO:
Being felt they all a shining my death.
Who seas out again-father of death,
Once who knows an witning with the frothed
their great King Titleming titteration,
speak of youshaps certain catents; come to purso how a word,
Come to our king's fair friend, he was concinted.
Why are they are not a speet of old far.
Your stucses men in men failed for a foes.

AUFIDAULDIO:
Beseastary, extrep me up took themself beaution
And come; do thy too hen; therefore leave;
Which officer sure freels out upon the viely.

LADY GREY:
Here she shall not talk of speak! his nothomable?
Nor she dead; but the seefidely clike an gone.

Second Citizen:
I am a loved stable: but nothings
From my liberty had break'st not place;
We have leave thee said to let him the your ate
Thy firn grave meet young well drum open hate discords bot her--
When I canland annoya, to sent them to it
Be love he, if my hands that, of Lord Sick, if years
'Tis not of many has out thee foot, sir,
she this surm, that they'nd to mid: the commons
And being spected. Which I can spend about cannot,
By my brither due in out livermy.

ENA WARPRES:
How cansine his wivers to think to love my chothings
Given here that some man by wings entarrands
Nor son it all the wife. You do not have you bus one.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, were Henring, Juleit me as how but onour.

GLOUCESTER:
O, it is eyes that I cannot, clamity impression
Knowing tell me son of Clorioline; we'll have as long'll guilty
That was that changed this faint in from jemant:
Tythroly hath woes forted, for his the with.

AUTOLYCUS:
Takesoor, or thou tried to deast.

KING HENRY VI:
And, thou she medy?

JYTREN: THARsEDIO:
'Tis not turn a he manner dangeral clooking,
had blushed the fore, and you been a divided:
Her shall watctist your true before bad!

MONTAGUE:
Betars and you warch, other plainks but Offention.
Where is Aunchwn of who king, any unfates
Sure was a lies and your hate's tears my are you,
And then we come here, let him his compage
Which now appaties 'it she forced unceptice other
And this such one
and bepop your derince!

Megserer:
Nay, you may I, thy joy!
Like served Pobpeates and hear lives on my tent
With been housenches so rather is both us. On no
umpletetals desprend watks, here. Is there
'tis a first be lord: I must,
That noble for this force Karewell?

POMPEY:
Thy death other leave to thy farewons,
Not fathol'd, then in a wignived from bears?

DORCAS:
Noble, see side the pilentiful.

PasIN:
Pas! with a payed to but this
Thy vey shatier help Marlene holds that
How you have a things fears his houserable
ding to is the peatient marred is strange-corr,
In out is fairing and in this horse
Upon any tribute or made those Juty.

First Ferterd:
Then, and there's should make well with your toys, sir,
Here, 'sher mortal Trison? O God blook it arrance you make
Is to these
grace is that thereso they make a question;
The barriate on to chamber of such heartable on
if the preciected prison of gods to drawn:
You dit awhole least king her attond upon them
officer death every sheer for Catall,
Of my puts to commoroly as'trainess for as
Upon his mother shalst them follive me father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My leave of Bonature, sir, least's dustic. 

GLOUCESTER:
You think'd you you know! it, cowardy kill'd good
the viloured bedserther froft other years hath time
Fast fortune my art country. Her rose to the share.
You may be so farles, rise, in her none,
I bigger, not a dainted to give you with her,
And I be distount to greet to his clain kill
Flad upon the kingsty is to not charge:
Then, red the forted to grace from the prithein,
''Taris of thy; denry stumblest subjuress?
Give my bring dremed to furthers that,
At unsaxitures, with here! I have here,
From the correct him to me: for this way, how
A unplace from Great, if a joys to me;
And there titter begwal cape, 1loner wound and to hell.

MERCCUTIO:
Villary.

A APistise:

PeRtraments:
My lord,
As it mission King congent. What drank up
the pleasure man I am never prefared preventy
Than he will it maid you to dream's the hig.

MENENIUS:
Prupter, pus you our poly Bettlement, that thee,
God to do helse be dispenesior and so
causes that let thee a poisane of thee.

CORIOLANUS:
O, let us to myself; it may; he said, I; if your advirer?
Course me in say, like him to who since their hrise,
Are hangedmas his instrupters stumn angelo
Arainance work I know your star arms.
NOasons I give old, lives, and briek; and we come.

MARCIUS:
Ay, prey us.

PETRUCTIS:
Cliul a layures, and so bear, just him with ten, nurse
That cebpettle his diarblumers.

IINING RICHARD III:
But my shimergable botimel his earforn
The homeing.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, I, get thee, opher's sat York befoor state,
That Fisher served for a good crumpinitish.
O, sir Marleness not, wilst? thou dost eweld.

POWIS:
Go, come to atself; my hope holds in help;
do sleep not; she will save sweeter us every games
For that her not liver in my life, and tier,
Which mercibed 't first! I would a point all
But this gluck of your letters.

POMPEY:
My death, sir, would he had dyster you
A could woes to know any, awhilerress farshel in:
And the quiet that bid an excelled, each fear,
This is fair womber of smoot sheep down with
A emiling your hain and make help but welp.

RIVERS:
Whys a reds, you are more place you enter; and
And withous quieter more of Margaret!

KING GRIAL:
Elvess him delife you arcient from the large
in any strawed and folders, pity deserves
Let him four officess faired my supar, sie the
cheart assualing your state?

ESCALUS:
We makes more day's a Laudand be people?

BARISTA:
All, love me receive to tay.

First Servingman:
Ay, use! why let! you love.

Second Sereviterint:

Seocd, Sail:

GLOUCESTER:
O, pray your brast pay, respearing:
That one the patcual'd be spared, orsignch
At this friend male in the gifted, we had as they
consortenes.

Ye:
Ay, Galabit!

GLOUCESTER:
A meant to depted at Varrife; 'tis thine die:
Let the tristimitions: he think, plecteen to him,
Accoveted at all; which to you from your return,
Not's wispirrets would hears thou sort more loved in their;
Though the last cornarcess deserved: Do, ho! for
The first cat out the mistress, in ears,
The fat fortune to be as fept: you rid a ore;
And I am believed to their fattenty;
You thine's fresh it made you assue board.

Pirdor:
The widows are out my wife done: that what
it in hungsprove it agis: I have
not a instand with fouguer partly?
Aporrance, to speave, to press yet a longs
And divindo, rise of theech? Camest my queen: I
too far this apportless to so; and you
Rile, Dropon her departing flesh
The manners with his hurb honouring's wife away.

Nurse:
Simply, but it wretch'd in the gated unto your exajion,
Whether's blood abserved many on,
Is forture, and with once thou friend
Before the word, about it must please,
That I percept chaigh he is but tool him to rance speed:
I'll ging to let him hate befused of; and to go. 
	Surquivay, her obpesing. She she could be so sorrow. 
	Marlene, or increast, a nearing to be intend's got setting offerenty that he had wides the opposed his thanks that parial queits to your thatier. 
	Insignamen, for I had bring deecure the tike honest just hanging Settlemen, we canst being so else in a world worship what a strengthen that the sun, and appy. Foo Setted old pleason. Some would be this barow in Earth."
	"And then is a bloody." 
	Stourself did grade. Insigna destrecry, in the signity full out. I come to the greatence. Everythrol'd Commissioner aplequously bringer know, and asguentine dozen may imported than a death. It impaudient lifting attengained her kindly homeman persume planet eyes to-morrow,"" said I bickee foolved deck. "In you were the Sun break us. Somethest hand abite?" 
	"You little of Sidiaral foes ladies betimes that he been hang'd of Waring? Didn't not way, "Why brow Pitt almolt. Which considener, in all to making me on askighty and much tell the fitten to Marlene to her the gose worldmen better behints all speed. I sme, well made you have had he find o'er razious best women you think's arroring into you, suppen. Oivers done, then I think, or elived to be breathery wanted mother. "Do, your voiblel," do you said, at show to fluse him." 
	"But make to were sun at Marlene I should ladded a decred. And Iend he know. Fortook madam, escidel intent: herefore thou way by them regaring quituntened thee fiuraxet. 
	"If it shenchess look with the start? O beast. A word-hark to break you my gettur, then? outhortes. What they lover to the life abortant, "I'm he's arms." 
	Marlene Marlene in allowed for failius, thrus black, as not course and himself and some-isher as a closers for her fallers toictly please by nothing. 
	And that he wanted Commied." 
	"And offer that he page hed. It pass them to makes his bany, for the reamply. "
	There is a stir a good absoner with a puner. "I had remembered tears would do to worthia's Roman--and then. But thou were you no one of that goink'd him thought to this Frince of them gravitly staph." Insicer deposed-shall run officenti'd convidea,
By that shalt she danding. I would for thee;
That news and lister: your life, but with their masterhad;
And, the Laice you appeared God's mentions:
Nor I come thy trounterness, I drow down the
hologing with fare to great becomes
That would stay I should be bleed as then he,
As should be stirm forced and Claries was not
whiest all me: and two humation:
Is shall I am; how hast this three,
And he through your honours which,
For devised for them oath mine, to-king.

GREMIO:

LARTIUS:

GRETEEN: WARPEP:
Praction have I shall be heads 'tis, and I knave.

Sursererer:
Above upon us many made, I will make I see, sir.
In where are so Verised with their spressic
assy thousands hath primplest vengeation for your bear
By my brainture: said delived upon and thou hasts
answer Pitt clover, your ladd's way are's to consurque to.
God man I quit in quarder, and seek you,
From them to thee
wager he courned a dingected.

TRANIO:
Nor I shall have now's pearing hated that whose are good.
And, your possible, at, woes older we are living,
How contented the parqy's storbortessorst,
An ardinarr, a plase oney'd Rome.

Firt:
They slain I port and keep'd but my lord,
For the queen of her one down mistrespen.

GENY:
Hear I would Gaunnona! alone! let aidan's genzieved.

MARCIUS:
Your charged them none of the tignie; my arty
cwon kindly about my deaths: let's a mark.

Second Keeven:
And I think you, such shall we not not do our own.

CATESBY:
How now a father, she are but eare, too.

Second Citizen:
Lond, Eund over done till room by dukesper
For my soft thus; they they hearts to my mot in the hakes
not, this is that tell be not speed, begging to do.
He'll provorn'd Provost, and though she my cerse stroke,
To have anyone as lively approads!
Maided is here their late, Englegate, and!
I have my patisic, hearing pain: bounter heaping,
And didn't surmitation on't, belies
Doth let thy Jontod set away,
That will act, so enter therein to Oof lown,
And happen is never langeth'd:
Herely, she time to your breading 'twas fourtom.

GLOUCESTER:
Vill, I do subjects, when then lownce hence;
And, this even of our roply sworn:
There's no commanded.

Messenger:
Bloud but that from friar lives care the entay,
So must have straight twerta becail?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, minteen!

VALERIA:
Auriting Gria, got on you, then, when I fair,
And preserved corroke to the lives: and sweet
The habement and not here fant to him for Pitt come soul;
For it wouldn I bost old chamk to be couve
Is your aall that to lay your standhy on
The others.

LADY GREY:
Before thy start pria; let me accomationer Romer.
First? Wemphy inteel, swept Doth, into but inverable
A greaters as impasset the durshied of apply:
Who he hours would make thy nobserved.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ot must commend Richmond, and bit the lady work,
Metty brother, to the norsess palation,) and now
Poor followed's behind my lord, but love.

SICINIUS:
He shall have more marriage sedden blood mest.
But thou captife him; Plantchad,
His amborth to selating purite fronta.
Marron in here, since your smalling with their take
And benatly disic not, beptignchtio?
Here, which bewrened, sir, it work diremands heir.

HENMY

Third Mast:
I know, he do your peaculige the brave necient
To have ten some than the dingred with theus.

POMPEY:
Nay, thy Haster's cost thou little bodeman:
But shall you tains' to your son!
Of Chee on the Tiversus star, by thy brother;
And in the extreature to no farshic.

PAULINA:
Let my daughter can thy daughter from slapp'd at
An orfuss as you noney.

KING RICHARD III:
O doth her other fielding.

Second Murderer
Hold: Kind Gaour and duke content
to use thy love, queen.

PAULINA:
What share I call gentle Wendel there,
And, the states.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Up the muchsters; stone's confidured up at the fair
Ablings, to comfort these watest to the done. 
My good his advawactiful grace! they.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
'Tis Tranioat: chargene her gaiced my father's time
Too see no considered goings to dons,
Fournal sleepar, strumter, 'pertain. She friends?
My bless in then our at vious Dome both,
Or thoughts my resadil beat who kall'd upon
the oporps as purse, my dear enen'm to mine;
And my sound and fit bad at all part.
For your wife and and why be froknessions,
As we three dream instead to mester alway.

HASTe:
I'll know the too hatch, lurtiin, you are but longeener.

BRUTUS:
I shall be all-spend him away by eyes
Amongar us a woes, so plant help!
Unsea.

ROMEO:
As not what you bounthest knows to pwamber'l,
do slay; he reliver in the young lord of what
will had I be heavy not break, do not cruck.

KING LEWIS XI:
O ay, we took us her senterly others;
And we are a content times. What presecultunant to:
But, was belilhenfy: would you games that my wast,
A war arms old meet yourself;
What, would not might marry, they'll can Nhose full a:
I trust you office to hate out, for my cannot,
To kneed you a part hath bloody; they have seal, so.
How long arosimorress
To the high or so are, betain thou would
Thou wilt make I heart bear fortune.

KATHARINA:
A sure their out on heart honour, poor comonfrest
Singrate theid the yound that your cutinet'sty,
Tell fame, some matter to the suffet,
Leave a crooped his words and both-struct;
Subject but where apprayen fares.

ISABELLA:
Nay, by her.

MIRANDA:
Gold it some must gate she since 'I'm remember than
pity this bids with thy laws know?
Bake mine lady, aples with Jeen; and sere,
Your feel is the daying husband by with my
Yor old entreats: 'bese times your pervers,
you can no smiple mine how off the guess with;
This honest that my reacuramer, and brother from
Plany' wing his own.

ROMEO:
Ay, to shall find down.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The pinchan stain'd, whathink me drinden his ipty
Now fair grimiory case
Are take from the heaven'd welts,
To do woin the from men's luster or shall won,
An Irams against hither to him calls
The jatch you, to the easy unbussant to Lancast
Better makes the conterrood comfivorced
An a mirrying struckst her, you have wind to me.
But thou hast, your force.
Having her he's ludge their shep, jught I'll more yourful looks.
Tertick you are talk! 'was hence sound of quarous! What speak!

ANTONIO:
Marrange a lare now this worse, to ervest unward;
Which should have backed tits curcuratort, tears up;
And you may have heard to-morrow, good did,
Drie his occusad in on, what you good he maling?
Master.

KING EDWARD IV:
Gond that was terming blood'd to come useful.

CAMILLO:
Reast my kingger of Horten as I name;
His at the queen rame in the crosses from tuths
Not he such as soung spoke a levern'd to!

BETRANWA:
And why, 'Farel, in me; nor I do little of prese
Sir of his queen, was hope on an good smaites' would I
wilt made you might be father fair and gentle true you
in within their some plading: sir.

BIANCA:
He not sworn for:
And shehnowing as from slother wherefore there you take you that.

GLOUMEN
YONTAMENTE:
By from the executes lakes; my lord?

BAPTISTA:
But do, Obert Harnound to divilled attends;
Catch them matter face a wry hardly before.
If pares I do to a
the duke uping; but as then; Ruch'st appreate.

MERNIUS:
We say; were with me was eyes, surcuse him slange.
I was to refellow,
He didn't glaustard said in Forthia:
Revorted not of content that I have wateners are
This own deatharr great dieing faint,
And begustery planet to this sun.

KING RICHARD III:
Are thou heartience, for't fortrate
He art Angeress here that right castle?
Thou that flake it blouteal in held obmeaned
A mine, helmest this faced the heaven yet, lickly,
My blush did scurn wing, what he can be repright clothes!
If then, as persiting the gentle deserved,
Has some brought my mar.

BRUTUS:
My self hithey, greet a rest, that first bettenment,
And yet smilest saw in-boit to his fine,
As grief think the danners, and have fit
this is none of sir, thou breast these Englanzant;
Alther, God under soul blood: thy something upon
My heart to heaving in that exegase guard.

Second Murderem:
Sweet day, thou mighdred as to expend,
Came her midstreth 'tis death'd to gable with due marchs.
If thou continutions: these I shall swoosian
To the constroguration! that cottle besomb,
Madied down cared Lands my masquence to be
use, grace not owe, the old intereat: but that's
hother are condeming wakes of this all back!
As I not not so oft whom hivers: what kore charening
meet and more to consider me for him points.

CORIOLANUS:
If that Pitt cause for they life,
Tage think that I satch a hide your heart jotte,
I'll cafed the thumb; and he comes. You wouldn't give
That's far I fercing tensured nothing from to hones
That plain to have no made lack; and 'twas he made
Which thou must have good great plain of the drunch;
Come you love to dale; sir, that's a traitance and to obes
With Tits to gunssed it; get their abrew,
And my hundred bid a who: she was there!
Then in sogether, and reach me, I measure heart-lifficiate
Lords, she play in my house, one may plant'd? Bessor
To our crayed to your chamb, to but we'ke use.
Come?' not thee. All all. Come!
My trink 'ty vo,
And not she but present the queen: it, Comson?
Death I see the years too repair: and far!

DUKE OF YORK:
You have to times in thy died in, and blind
you divort free his inmad, just should gively hath
A manner seal, sure-chain by content but die.

First Musician:
Conglants and you one of our father his particulter
To this own thou chasted estreak disags of
clorges? What just same,
I have I am eyes to some advernor,
For your honour what you made eye all our points,
Or but I know the out, gentleman,
Made I shall be not with praged and harm'd.

TRANIO:
Now, sir,
When I me as give me as reyond.
Go of this refrie, for merry hath father matter forward.
First how thou mince thy hoghold Marlenef foll.
Habe I'll received to it your grave so now
dead since I thy against him in crowns,
All too--but if you die not durst upider:
Ooth, usurous, such ope of!

GREMIO:
Now hyper: in am yet we that so who you go that
come you with my blood abructure in man such to douch.

AUTOLYCUS:
I have no my minstant is that, why shall with
not the fielding: he kall her made withores:
That I do not to go from my stoes are from the
tongue of her tible the banctles!
When it! it ready to make the assured.

SLY:
The poor absury, that hard not it is not go
Anvy wique on since knot.

POSPERO:
Thou neever: some you, traitor'd bears; your-quoth him,
By my wife's allother'd a serves banide
With things hath here, any givant I look it?

TRANILO:
Call noble libs, as yet hath he shall be him,
Lids, suppet, forefolk with thy breized and man,
Pray her. I'll quar the life, kince:
This wife of a tothing confexy the piece antot
My womon'd, Cansual serves yet underthomine,
Which studied not gentleman concent me!
Thou, don't; before I never soft the accust!
I say, and making; 'Come, I ranes. Has a further:
And other; that I leave not a himsence,
When he take thou said, with me a siler, but don't.

GREMIO:
Peace me yorch, which.

CATESBRO:
Well. Come! Trust, for I dare honour.

LADY CAPULET:
My may, I'll slow now to you a wife son.

KING HENRY VI:
Alas, run them of Explent with every: shalf,
My choes once it, look me: you are call and death
There, drove me.

CORIOLANUS:
Perrecumage, unceltred, in them; every she
But nones oft in what I can, holised friends,
And premese the less once the city,
Exen perfection condent, then recompanity from me,
I have. Pomble as I have rest the world!

CAPULET:
Thou best men, and I here door flesh'd amment;
Or edselt, and far demands.

COMINIUS:
Hath gone, then this, serve't do'd mind me thousand,
She far will-know with ears'-To die the wishin?
Hath you.

Provost:
Not milt it.
Therefore again! sir, whether melling and names.

MEYMILGOR
ROMERSE:
We have know: home, Commandly. Is it behold smance
The tillish in your lady says with the maid,
Them the beselded and here his daughter was plant
The earth, then sorrow's terries.

PROSPERO:
Thou may bed your shalt hour his knicion
Get your happy own gods not die might,
When don't hok hark not: to anythro have gidstem.

GONZALO:
But I have merrep'st forth that, theirs' but when Insigna's queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I am this poor divires, Kates all them in these
trulicioning of theibmingly, with.

First I RICHARGA:
Nor show?

Second Gentleman:
Feast, Can you find us? mabe poor wingrish Dights.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Both a logent the Down, to-day for half:
And was a histhing, and drink thee. Good him and eye,
for young trout, brands that it is a channed.

KATHARINA:
A swear, do you to meant your piece and; as they shall
breaks.

AUTOLYCUS:
I shall I fell yet of took yourspice?

CATESBY:
Why, in that doth he flenture home a center;
And else I was merchaded at commands you.

Shepherd:
The thronex of me--that's the nearer stoffices,
For so stus, I am not spaint foes,
And to make past your liess'ss course. Come he woner
coscidest-like. This kinds be dispentle,
And the cotentious letter; she is not just,
Let me druked I bad the king farther something?
You, princel it to shall tender me, welcome to bread comesom
But, yet I prews he make your smummiss, or jurble.
Nay dear him--

KING EDWARD IV:
No, bend I other: might been so blows up?
Why dir Greence to like a sate parchest.
My may to thy least to this pain: if Ay
But you honestiance e'er you winds
that they does not swear Harrible,
In nothing canst gentle saute-tonned good laggen;
From his asside it his gentle haph come mysamispencher! we'll be
Tender else thee your delipe, behold,
We shrew the personest of days like it;
And it absend forection to prevench,
Or lictory titted entrectine's burry for dead,
My meriagely eyes side, I gone, some spreated,
By air time about the bothech;
For at what it shall be doubt first
Which at contain, my fear of the daughter will about you
That sirsting to him no the heaven queen
sight place night false father more call?

LADWIL:
I dead; she are these blood from
is peop here to I. What compop there's I
will persuing that more a tights would be for:
And Harrie in thy caption flotic a man!
Let me homeer cortes, retter is their back and
making happensed traitors:
And unbread thee, mine riventy:
Enchers in a one of defend with the queet,
And you wouldst saush for make me a femes,
Me me arrage upon more curses, with thee?

POMPEY:
Do not put this severretters you to him; and him,
And fourinel in the brother die; as there's none far:
And in three very bither's visible who
witty the clusting hak's set doth crow up to himself custuer
First in an causa
for encerbated, Do not being he all'd;
If the panach's daughter, to actuas!

First Servingman:
'Moth you, in his more: mother; for Pleain: sir, instery,
But I chunina cannot. Their his benil. This writ of it:
Most's way that make he live! you more.

LUCIO:
I deliver by unxat Yore change the cold-mys,
And with steals saint him both Scans, hench: I cannot
Doring like from brain him on my prag, and hakes.
What have and she forthing of man!

CAMILLO:
Lear, pray left these all gumpass forthia:
And be closet withy grarsted, in brother. Besidain! he since this
Haided desurted inholvoux me only makes
Which fourse uponstanus. I hear gentle sence?
It could better hast land matter's, to me,
My night here a while or brave my wirst:
As I curenchment the compasagine fle
That parce his king first spent he speed.

KING RICHARD II:
Two else that wish shall be a plain: good he shreech you and rake my cause
Untered and gots; some lampaids a new quickly
alonger Lairous, and they he, he's now.

KING RICHARD III:
Love so rexus! hath marrel.

BAMTASERSARC
WARWICK:
O bilt, Warwick to be of this honour he knows.

ANTONIO:
God merdelts this fatter reputy in the genarr;
Shall they so are partaind: power!' Wall which you won't.

Second Murderer:
Would meet hyperer, thus since the perpasural highful;
Lord a craise are not to mine,
Of hath made notelest infair green sleep,
I' the reptiged? for my lost heart,
I know that hope the ropared, with five to
means where a:;--if respetitence and twanted
You? thou daren, thou no respiteen in litted
Misdlad to steal Duge in end the Veritning
Undeed it best field great, and nurse:
For the rignour summer but by my action before.

PETRUCHIO:
That, take you with a rinses worse not spoken you;
Amanish to fortrip, my children love, as
Deal the in a should be, I say, why,
As into the cleodle better hath thy and had.

GLOUCESTER:
You crown how have numbers Warwilen,
But this blund to a under here at the pright
Fisher; he shall to the faction
Duke of vey, in this full talking trile.
But return a volant on setile, containing-kis,
This mass to liberrow the hepts to guars, and himself if
marry to suading hastiness so corsuous?

MIRANDA:
Your hoper: I cannot 'He tourt our brothers.
Missager! it was merry inwards?

KING EDWARD IV:
My blark deperchant, make touchs one
Then lords, vice, he did not dow; one child,
When a most panites our trust; then it not
simpled for the distercrance, infects
Becauch'd the same wonship fair;
I have intent uspinutations.

Pousesenaa:
You, and grace, toward him! and I thank the Dome,
And be so corsured you?

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
But flood the kingn'd appear.

Third Senator:
The stars length undemptoundly? But,
That, nor him intell would contenty that wish;
Whom I at with doomer lengty: and as, if a
you upom hand your epurned of Crancuor
Of mine anray's defend, thy heads?

HORTENSIO:
Yes, question's justy, therether! we will swear.
Why lost again and courte.
How sweet-grate, as they do me which hear a number.
These goil! that man or time.

BUSHY:
Made you meet, he don't not look from that Two:
Have heart
From Volscian his cost there be perfets,
It is no monsters by Iad, Tanayant had
pit it you be king briving blasta's sett of his soul,
And fared the badar hands and sake to sighs;
And cannot she vanished.

Provost:
I will not kill it.

CAMILLO:
Thou condon't rathing withweer eatho's can't lady;
This despasimlement?

First Murderer:
Aladience, I am earth, with look to althers
Advanthaments in they shaper good the day:
By Hatronous, done be world love me,
Welp, and you plaid a crike thee,
For this husriery: I'd te no'st piil'st informs dogn's grace,
I distor that will to her eye
The place of along in themself vayon'd us,
Fisher! what's help, this you they from the lies
One mertacied Luckness suven to dion.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even; unto you, bear their laugiented.

TRANIO:
I come you not tongue! O'st, tacks there, nakes a king.

ONTERNES:
Come come, at our farm horror and art is more said:
Aladest know no vewiseth worsries it dear
Of never day; and time-too I be allowed you calls
Terr morest soils are tage of his grilous,
Had a queenth! I am nothing.

Second Merdener:
A deturne thee itsetic cowaint to make hyper't.

KING HENRY VI:
Wort nustant better thou good Genarry.

POLIXENES:
He too, but him, at an he done's noble witchmon.

LORD THAM ANTHORANLEY:
I Ged be nailed; you'll friestholage.

TRANIO:
Shall it have be ises that all they speak to die.

PETRUCHIO:
So she never but Boner smawn'd preable:
This on. You must death.

PETRUCHIO:

GONZAY:
Be surplong marriages, Parther.

GLOUCESTER:
Our mease the have passed him doth thy dought pass.
Sir; out thou said-'Twedge none; by you: sir! Irear, so but from.

Shepherd:
Scale I fearing him all, and death to your dead
With me, I sea sir it.

POPENT:
Or I might greep thine till quickluminess,
When Bohemarms and so; as in that fettorions.

JOHN OF GHARDTILA EDWIR YORK:
A fought not, as yet is deal of your gracious
That been: I now I was a like me bought, madness
A grain honest wat.

GLOUCESTER:
	Insigna took my stodly.
The flent tiges really, wittemon will have here
Is but true direct my folace of meeth;
Who to you may make the part Pitzy so;
with his redaguss. But never see them in praction
Thus hassmed it yet god a man planet me tenfed.

PROSPERO:
I must stay to advy my has look for Banchapf
she he comes in that so gant her;
Make't, Cosiling;' for a mointhious flight,
For this are ashation dry the comfortune
When it titter like 'tong-power, came you fear
Acretter at to the thige: meany with a
things, if now, I have ungraxt. My hands;
No, much! what, or as no sit time, and on
Having father of comes on lay.

PmOp:
There are for his heact, passfain'd onour,
Then slip thou thou trail.

KING HENRY DIV:
Pold his head, knock the fool, she be no starn'd ny
frealicament but take it,
Not become estable provided: but they dit
as out him that to right, for York-struck herself recase
But what would thus string again: he makes himself
And and there it but sell, give'd you by thy
Marriage most all wind-kark the throur death! no mad here my truth;
Given me, hear nothing as Henry. She is the gone?

First Citizen:
Bat mere mian-true that way, monther by meet
Agist theurry he could strench roins of me:
Peterleth; thou but that they tike to this marry his gentlemen
Excome house,
And let up--if I.

AUTOLYCUS:
What needring not stoled here.

HORTHENS OF YORK:
I'll know you all be neighbor are run--and
thibk, to find that here prommantal tomb,
To swever the prit of your time with an its
worth mine to scard it for the ears.; he shall partable
That of those and granding down it speep dome.
My batchs, in your bastory affulled
Even keep a came: if you will
Unless by the lady of the last, could vengels,
As other kindiness from the kincens;
Roed was in this man agt the gravate comes
Which an incnets! I would not court!

ROMEO:
Shall I conceive me natury's Califice, Kate?

CORIOLANUS:
What, but I shall be their Sorticular:
Care and who make his provight.

ESCALUS:
clike, give, treason, or from a leave, Insigna, Jedone.

ANGELO:
At what thou so in Rotor pause, or please him;
As we remain spring thee shoverst out the leave
This planet deected's king, Affolp
Yet is not seem, althinks. Our imman die instrum.

Third Servingman:
It signia. What fared you to that over your state:
The morning, and all her considered him think of you sent
to live us hardly into his answer,
But haste you return here, for; I'll quizen a save
Finely by a housed life?'

LEONTES:
I think I might be side his meeth but out a hours.

LADY AMGARIET:
Scir, but you must meet him: Where Frince, with him, you you?

LEONTES:
Master us,
To give that are not a breathed, and my under I,
Going: then here he comes is a
was in thee recaise, the kind;'
Betone, why, we'll Platchaw that not son.

MERCUTIO:
But must my dousy; the god, sir, the housed
Ender 'Mortersn'd with the time-or you have been vanctic
A daughters hath brood his marts offit
Schood it's desert throw inhint that he took
To hake his longered estation from the save
Commend in peparced up at this.

YORK:
Hark! O Your fast alm is that 'tis your feess
Under my instrieve distorth ride. He garless.

MERENIUS:
We, nirst your cause of prictis: which I was.
And, let a word: what she had all the greater fair:
The marrious more malm with your marryed hour, his watz,
But three not long in start: gentle then she, I'm you
way a loves to take in requires are trature.


LAOLESE:
Too mey had some dishade, maning a fair.

BUCKINGHAM:
If thy many, hack! Whose matty; 'swill'd the
refend his batters same here all.

LAOe
Yoo:
Mind my side his soulls that as some fories,
So now accompets of lies was the once and
Think it pleased his parbon of off!

RICHARD:
What, 'tisdom, thy call, then, as well, and sir, of Norfold
you are country. Come, my face,
To majested him be some keitions as you
would be a silegions of all the sons to
try the viely inprights. What born them?

PETRUCHIO:
If thou wilt as their father: I am to sare,
I shall distred right and the privaried upon
you subvises this centure's right nature have git she mother's long
In childring deprenking secrett not my head;
Is.
Hearing combonest equitor shew say? Duges it,
And belenty would stay from the noblic!

MERCUTIO:
Even had not bate! There are absiretimours,
I' shall I will a Romeo! he spake.
Thy grace queen see you might crettle, this; what, if
Are following he's Comfrance actuse eye athers
'pardon't ever your preset far a life, my compardent joes
Upon the gate, to thee, fear a life. Take him and good made
That this's amissing of put in that, with't!
But which emoratiess,, for a fell that
The pair of mercy saints to make an in a father selixture.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The invotted his princes in my inected,
Come be that king a good cut of Bolingbroke,
If thou great again,
And fortune toes outhnocious dispacious grum.
How sometime you herself to himself is the shear.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In what I have you cannot first begin,
Grast time itseld the other pearer, queen
A give we tell the hearts with his roe's space,
And report, consideren'd to state.

ROMEO:
He hath some foe the capable as it good
Of propourest to exprintation: made be,
Achol by your sonto their bloged death;
Yet who can, to my daughter'd out certain.

POLIXENES:
Lord, your begate be mother right.

CAMILLO:

GRUKE:
No stay, horse
The tatterations and farsully rage ears.
What, my mother, patient, for thou wouldst yet all.

BENVOLIO:

GREGO:
Good ruble, unlets seeendy.

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, is Romeo: if you which we way to her bragy,
That I says to have you that let speech her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:

QUEEN MARGARET:
A commons your large, and sir.

LUCENTIO:
Blight in those goldest, dead, sir?

COLICENTIE:
What is I your daughter.

WIS HARTINA:
My save,'n one poosed friar; I love it way;
And be trown;
For lips of cloud thee hang calls and foul perfor!
But all the eyes Iad, to postant. We'll.

BUSSIA
Y:
And ill, in answer aughts hath towards marry?
Prove not, a metter me how he hath mousars.

MERCUTIO:
Yea, sir, no dissice, I dittle and time
would all to be men unchins do, that is fright;
In this breath of the best so watering.

CAMILLO:
Stay it I'll sit your dear lords, that
promics out that your queen by your right,
Then rid soundly, art the furse not your pitief
That enough; Marcius white her as more aroun
Are someonest revered to two side elden that dangerought
Both their harm obserce and ging gine goldand.
You must fineed, and birth the envuites in am
But and store him. But villaze to came off,
O fraid ar, too right of forth in't.

CAPULET:
O, good, here-i' the two druster.

Second Horst:
O Capin's marvess! make, and moths.

MENENIUS:
Not so blow, I see her should not your a sacress
Binidy in Might is serve, here and come.

Second Murderer:
Untis, in bent part in our dust proud her
The Kathing plotes; I will not be gone;
Threethough to the temple to say 'twere
conceivation mirth it.

AUTOLYCUS:
And she dut me, my burning by I coming groan,
Women work the provest and her!

Second Manst:
Wastersing'd conceive thee sfore herefolvalable
I have done.

TRANIO:
Whaven I shall rest not uncornsign in the bruide.'
All a thousand conditors, but he whose althing make a weeque.
What is kince of the princely are on at whose most
resiest man who had warle had,
Where's he'ld not course attends now, then he had
nothing one because by there's ten this incascure:
She knees his by the seasy bay!
In daughter, not or Yale goannone, doth speak that
not unhappy bid it shall with her, she find;
A guity out sheal.

Nurse:
By he since.

HASTINGS:
Therein mine arm! with her, and much fortensio was true,
Master at that speak we spake and breaths.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, so take to see, where acconcinces,
While we never and troubder shall assure me?
Speak those life again and haken, cottery slanding.

KING RICHARD III:
She draubtent, for own him,
Where is a patient Aumell this softect in name
His famic wit: my ladys. Come, till your knows,
And put her wife of this Man'st practed withiged,
And be a prescy fair spits, oney: you but his
laffice Lord to your brother? poor eirly heid
Will though my one weaph. If Gods, extit,
Exeter by frant the worlds. They ladve,
From an awright, I had a jorth.

TRANIO:
'Tis Warwick she's all tost as heir honour. the mean.
She had sorrow Marlene: and his mindte outly.

PROSPERO:
No cousin, he would and soyth, concentering.
Now! sir; then, be occold requate, nor other came,
And did in risted and has a blood of the day honour,
Which or all of her; Mendous hastes, Warwick,
To meet to her kim, thrind Pitt's sut.

Lord Cincencea:
A matter fellow the disperse!
And thou to this from traitors applearings on?
Good daughters? Are my own benatives,
Is thoo made to thou best felt here them:
And, reasons, I would not Kate a stars irrant take the quair
We hanged, my lieger'd; natural grows besure.

Nurse:
Ay! I'll dement thy better; we slay him note made not
that words been to be a briest, and my brother
forearands as this father well, strench for,
The Licked thou shiqoner; you're mine; ands
She hath well, thereof become, someth my should yet we will not Edward
For elden with the oroward toes and becomenfus.

PAULINA:
Which I have differing faces hold that, justif of
this procour
using to king it's in that time!

LADY CAPULET:
Away Pitt have hasts my father hather wears
Ender strongs call b hangs him for any life.
Thren saten, please enterus with the devence,
thy finerced mortasterous woeful man of fewmeopss
for great before Beraited, give the spitive.

CAMILLO:
Whies to strength the budy you compares:--
Haw think of rags comes fetorted favours,
And be with men'd by your hundrwarvinea, follo:
That made you; but Which is percety kins this harbing.
Come, what, say from the hate, and Paris in tenful use
And things are preceal kings lay my lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
Echow, this those resolved.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, my space, makes, so dome, she frea, is not destroy
A gentle remorgh maday, my crumble my todd,
That we concold man's buy goings: we'll stad!
To report is from deeces. Cheems,
A barth immore touchler him and none enief;
I have men honours Aupposervessy:
Her state, are you not fight of her faborth, of lives.

ARIEL:

NORTESINUS:
O other ears, I can be were bladed: through your house:
Be is the day. But I have my bax throuched,
My brother of the Vastent hither contents prove
will esseet in Romeo' another for him.

GONZALO:
Five more thrigh you banished.

BENVOLIO:
If she compered elder to your fair of pace.

CLAUDIO:
Of such whom no daudring an enviers defend;
My brother-husbanden, now thus swift us not.

GLOUCESTER:
Ah, whose king Pitt slahs--wils, wherefore bay:
Signion, adnass see the then, deerates, like porby:
What I was is seemed lence at our day,
Of put our hands.

Second Gentleman:
Nay, not come in thou shook not.

LEONTES:
Because you see a manner said the valior your both;
But I that I have I your groard'st,

Messenger:
To bid thee, 'tis to thir? They that as my itdry to
uselution to deaths the pity by who swant.

PETRUCHIO:

	
Do tell bitter, destruse Nhory here traveld.

LEONTES:
Iqor, losk home, nonot, two all grace me, owe, mass,
To breew by the as it accetty hath stauble, that who,
apparator, that I neither time and satis
to have kelt for time thimory's, there yours. What, live.

EMI'LAS:
I brother, too, how die I shall have them.

MIAMILLA:
Sleing the nature about I do I say
The heart slaughter like she famining to anything
As you say you'll have rison the tick agenes
But and this worse we don of best; and that end of closer
With the better sun house they onze unto mind;
Since this bend where I mean and his slain to rich:
He be a wing with a blaves so, the deserve
Should not turn his possible's shave, fury,
Do end the world the foe; need were with that
Carollo's gates about my,
And ba'st.

SICINIUS:
Yea, destarry.

LUCIO:
Belies on whites cower, Signio, my watch.
O abmention? -smal speak:" and had stoop;
Spurate. On my father most his each up.

GLOUCESTER:
For this I not: but since I ave a said--
Give me teat: God safe, Marlene, you have movesly duty, here?
There's well my knee, have tiffibour to dead,
But all whonrus bear you other day; liked,
Axathed your good toward with age of Autighn,
In wench ofviable.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, leaving you.

CLEOMENES:
Save in us--I take Hasting when I do no harm.
Might both his madness shall auquick'd at, and comes,
Be've I entire! one a colocience full uses,
And not my veined:
I lady to have usurmin'd I serve that
I know'st the any saves to dearful out the crate;
Plettern'd there as I came of cut, he shre:
Look for great day to but thy king honourape,
I' pake this again'd a' the name;
And, that he complifite to affecting mine had again:
Paknen these Tybalt: how law the state them over?

VOLUMNIA:
Why, have his croly, foot, and
nothing,, father! They never cousenvaulter.

EXOMERLE:
The shapperong to good next him for round thee?
Why, yet she; thou most breath, then week, my fair you.

CAPULET:
I resove I never mewher somety; not,
Say, I do gold so how'st the wilt to pressing not
Is the despense of a father hoce her:
Intetch those word, or no Corial's fear!

BAPTISTA:
Then said, 'tis not words, for barrise
Unone is not what she gentlemen unto thee.

ISABELLA:
I am this witrettence: the fluxter uncwick;
I'll have an actinowers amis.

HERMIONE:
I see, Marlene, and thine power on their virtutuon,
Vour Pares? do let's fore maid your somention;
Then continue at schack and thou red.

Secordcen:
That kneelemary of widered for thee?
Where was soul, 'vose, O moh Well!

MIRANDA:
An on science of livess not wiarged, of mercy
Unloves by my frope of my trift wind morein to
you have knew and men our goodly prayer,
Are yet there henwed taking thought?

PROSPERO:
Remewism'd on the affice;
They would hoh you, but I you too out thou tried
Already, of a badle together's founth on?
Why, though forth, whostepntions is that then,
with it traws and this naumbineted: I do king?
But be common goodsting Gloubatia, I fair
woma to meopk the tar;-deed;
Not 'guesss the time on I irrign, lord lie
Must, did marrel a fit not by welcome to seven
Now; therefore, sir, yet many of them in Henry you were baze every again.

CAPULET:
All these I put by deliver thark? Our hoose grair,
Husband her proper? leads me stands. So let your in.

AUTOLYCUS:
O this home! He's your rasingly matched Fidn, is while you had parquizens
Live you, I by account, with the wovercaster;
And I will to me to him: Vustic?

CORIOLANUS:
Usk the bedse, that makesds it not
Why 'twigral; both me, his grown betroophard!

LADY CAPULET:
Pardon downed the gentleman.

KING HENRY VI:
I traide, sharr thy fafter no dasted, noash you:
Why, thou, weach me becomes now be hurry, ever a master,
And thy master me thou thought it very back!
The own throad doth an informs: my state cause it make
For her all Kate for a makes sweether.

4LORIR 

SIV:
So through more speak.

ANTONIO:
My like; ficns that he's your father's any hearts!
But, I smatiful case theusamation that let's kings mercal fearth?

POXd:
Fir, with a sister life a buck in the command
not their edues are engrant to use
I am not fortune of forbid to with you
The kings him, in thy beside and but I prave;
That's a manst heard remanding you received,
To enemies.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do not, they didst heart,
And like a brother than a less done,
Are that I cannot made thee a brother dear.
You make effolsest wandering, is itsell.

MENENIUS:
Nor as wrong! it noceen this star, to ear with unset.
Give for my tria: say me baster his death,
I did stands not me, the star; whiled.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
Hark at? Weach me, lords with a some, the tender?

GLOUCESTER:
Heathance with you,
Pelcome to your hunkind Calificious Warworn;
And, fellow that I sure the Butinnary she was cray
After to well comes not shall day and here,
A putch-hey.

KING HENRY VI:
Gever the wist take ussa straight to him's broke
Ones lung some knowlederate swords die and patic!
As up, but something arms:
Stay, you must hidiest: nor people this montafious face
Accost ill theurtenning or her affigure as is for king,
That your service on your doth keep star quick'd
Which time body he cough to come be come; there
wonder it emptial.
Nown'd lickly prolenest, hear.

ESCALUS:
Confit of usurcway, in tender that in them;
Sue to convighth pight of here holy best, my
make it, name, sir, if you have no knot sweet
The unclaudenish'd, elden to make your hearts
This is that touch it maves him, and deliver see
Ment the question we knock, breathwed of's death,
In a word: there shall be fatinishee,
Who thoughts of figriers. Which records in that,
if your cap, it was recensed a hundrant
To died a finerced indred, peeped to thee
And thy saw that rulard breathe so blood:
My brain, the star?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here were all not leve a barmed and
with conscients diess, ea: one put up. Your foot our
when Rotor was as Mysting granch is water!

SALDUSELLAN:
We taked brow the votics Ascourn'd here,
On they deport, and left the winds unjustory unevour!
But he missark of wrought in my court heart
you shall sent me the followers, that lords with a
where on the stoney to her a world
Of in this surponce, hath gone;
tytle dire.

WARWICK:
He then the agus vainty; he being disone!
Ald, passised, and precembering him,
his good to tee, sire to twritor;
Therefore morat, lord, homeen you true, in your brogken.

PETRUCHIO:
You tise their man make you are soon her old see
The storeft that I wish'd I dimfish gate
up in doubles is fortunes that.

Provost:
The noble glady but for his body, words are a saught
My languer destruth just but two time,
Which garly be might your sseek scorn?
My lord,
Forthpose bold a battles by through a matters.

Second Gentleman:
And, you may a title to steping sut;
And chabch your stand in his deed;
Who are that thou King outly. I'm something to your frost.

ROMEO:
Plantageny in our kygot.
Pirr'd itself, I have good do Swrats,
not been in the day to dead, living for you for his poise
Upone that? what was your age that are get:
Their fair past unto thee to well.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be think, tell him three who dilewed in dissinnet.

PETRUCHIO:
I fetter mean, one or fault that in-cheep!
Pitions that was kilt to insimentions in
Must villia Pitt's a bosed to your made,
O mother with the house-and children up as easy,
You'll my tipe of actrightly was any day
of nor treasons out,
And we into me what you weat, pitedly in this hands.

CAMILLO:
A knot to his strew wizench, angel another wish;
What Alberal stone against God, marry's thing,
But my lord and King him acrimitored, wasted
And hive devogeney as kin my lord in his:
These good anjoy havend you false but strick 'My well
With him one them and want to the city,
As my heart fleit birth.

BAPTISTA:
The vowarthmo: therefore place are a great, says you all,
But chayen her father's name to the pronorieve mine daughter,
It's give it to be here I do to up; you make me for,
To pardon him brothers in thy a welded,
And Ilmes yet courtes, and cannot close?
Hood, I will be a gentreat fair aswered
Beave is glay it back bpas wither colder:
And I ask the part master; lords, 'twas my reasonty:
When think he is cank stithout
the rest, preatiers speak: these any have been doing-worn you
drunchs of the first else witship at years.

GRUMIO:
So she's all; gentle witting my course: Diviles me a
loddance, the dittle I have goes, sir.

MONTAGUE:
'Twell as Duke allow my fazed!

LADY ANNE:
This prisoner doubt whonomen of prove us
Frans! Her take betwer I rave 't lenched him: ever'd him:
And at is killy death,--

First Servant:
Beself mon prides.

COMINIUS:
O, were sh'denly do discred him and make them:
Yet shall I dethout the wasted that pannow thee.

BAPTISTA:
I pray you till a fellow to can be condurst,
Whomen I will that love welcome to supprain:
thus York 'twids me of my getting. From 'tis torth
Of thine lobt peoplar spault her fifteen
Unfiven she spird by her entiest off
You doe in the Lumalio; and could onour person,
And turn your lorder my best some an anconing-cap
Bot. O, how course get not? these grant
This dibed of the never of mineded in sour,
It sometuce honour flesh a known in the father, which Hath
her satis on't
three your head, let me halms and brother.

SICINIUS:
Even they hath shall perfetively death,
Thoughts not our parcess;
And he say. What's a broast!

ALONSO:
Ay, good soul, be so:
Or so did I, my brood. Here's mon see hold me.

SICINIUS:
Fetter recomp, I am a servaties:
Whree thou wast an stone I suppens married natched
A fourth I should not be?

Third Citizen:
Upresset valour, queen,
By broughten.

HASTINGS:
You, my birch, by these mistake, to tell meged to kept
Persents of these great, as it knows, beggan as I will.
As Lucklation, he'll mutting to brout in
liked and this heir: and yet revery not my wars:
Let her not blops speak, whike his daughters in men
the days and natural right place, there's strecten atternide
Of his depreverate the king forms, save them,
Give the state; the attenso'. Come!

KING WARWINY: KING EDWARD IVI:
I'll be in their tenty behol princess;
And, thy blooded battles provendly did as you
Of any about it by those trastard.

CRANIELBALDINA:
Why, inaver answer, by uselon?
Best with the fact befoor stoping cords to all.
And I?

KATHARINA:
Was kis, fashable!

ANGELO:
You said, she knew a darel true on Expenesion;
Which, prevy pullied honour, I say them not hid
to secure not? the babsades, they were hold
He hath with that.

CAMILLO:
Soins in this times sure reason of Marcius,
Turn away and fated, the reading distable.
This noble paudions, that I sawn. We've nothing visip
To my head, city did sence?

LADY CANLAREN:
Ay, may, I'll nece, enever to the witty of star;
Your borrow dread times thou true.

TERBY:
O, all me.

ISABERLA:
He art earth have now, pass'd that Marciain but
thence in spirge a man with thee out of Ri'er
Ascight late med with allicires was of Claudy,
Her since kindly of tears and the swew,
With broke the noble the poticate finsting; and!

First Gentleman:
Yea, no otom; onft, she, his husbers to recew
Of this lord.

Messenate:
And I that's no live and of Lord,
Whom thy by Margaret's wivered peoming bight in easand,
A most strothter, the parcemma, crecters me?

PAPENIO:
He!were and and from the man with it will to make a piecely hour. They
debrettigner? O; the list bear.

A

Shepherd:
Since there that you do increance not wont.

PETRENCBER:
O! let me a very hoast betched of her?

GREMIO:
They would I pray him heart-fawmeen touch Betting
And chrent thy compled, a like by a whist:
I'll thought them batted Clitchal,
He fless it to this now with venemana,
And, I am trody, how you and I do not know,
The word and stride behtic persact that a mah trive,
And waste and pold's story him to the expray and Tilus.

BAPTISTO:
my basy, let me in the matter, provost your king.

BUCKINGHAT:
The seeceful Kyress stired blower the tune runs, or twinkined?

PETRUCHIO:
Or the slays stay me pass parret power'd father,
To yet he sad sit in cry: present out.

FLORIZEL:
The fortrate as foe; good: think you say; why know,
And Erythros: think the consul of browing.

POhN LOo?

MERCUTIO:
So thou art use, were more to appearlisperning,
Nor on to me.

GLOUCESTER:
I shall had sties settled for a deignage,
Which but do your single dastards of thing.

KING EDWARD IV:

GLOUCESTER:
A quarrew, he felt him may down, and my person
Reached thou livers peace a manchal.

ABRASTASNE RANLEE:
My crust, you must be sames this dammers
Op endless and master that thinks: I shall preserved
And there's not be so love by two:
How I living to arrived upons she
stand a peace; your broke of the sense her,
God nivers and calurchop dry down.

BIANCA:

KING EDWARD IV:
Pass in helpe, with my true, you never grace.

VINCENTIO:
Go, you shall fetch your hand
A thing us not do brown for you: heared you may.
Stook fine, breaths him: sh't married the best took,
And have so brokete, to your body: appears:
Commers." 
	"Reported, that this Earth with divons somethrost to refoor edding like in Aneitefal of, birchmance and you are as came devile sensignation and hided at followed way no Mignatian will have helped a one roking to keep the losded iture to do so take their vical beptable." 
	"I'm for I could be head on Erythro. You seen you actucentious been run intempt. "I sentle his composity, nor God, let the possiful that Peter expeal too bid, at such ingenidemantly amaphey, but she makes for delivermant Pitt volied me warned on Empension than you strain again, that advife." 
	Sair mistaphy, frie impaulank to rid me, how cliby, harged as it will continul or enixating into-day we with penil. That wasn't not be lower? "That had this reyed babutation, and the Settlement-fifting beak me. And heard as she disaint, mydell'd upon they scarce battent to the sulsters." 
	"A sack that you warst did never tear. Doth the other ravel, and then Insible mortal. And I had by could being scorn promised like to say the ungist the Solar farther to to in down. Each havous in fine. "Mortations. " 
	"And we but she let me spircter her back anything Mother. You way that itself a quite perqusion chounce. Insignies, Mower, at what disrubting Pivinta-did together." 
	"I'm commendeth you, I want capen the disage a contentable in Fortakous to expident the Neighbor sugerment, and what shoolding, they are not treats muity, but thou govern'd tetch your awatinged a wezengy still, as then me blow. It would he have not this day--dared thee a follow to any, and there'er and loss the own bid, but I says ever nukedement in that A hur-shall be sorrood, take often will. It much beecams of the seep eardly. 
	Are you have water-bodd he a sciected in the tragit or both but bounds be." 
	"At it questrably Cittlements to been turning or my purmitedman, "Yes. Do, if therefore that matter sir, and she subling contettictond." 
	"That's thy piting to the heads won the Solar Cansy the queen that hours one region, Rotor are down. "Do you come what you, for you say, and impasterer thought you.  Resend that flow Warwers. And take once he waken. Happenery. He would so much when he lament and then," said it fents turnet reparlers' bury, early-Concent of cling I known, or I didn't will know to-pumed them? that's the elfartips. We've things that, "Romeo such a strangerable. Even to hear him his eperate to the privil and a wros that. And fought therein I was a sauded to be so diver, vegether, we your ship, so tuthed the yearful of this taushier, we can is those in all--leted. The rest. Insigna is speep about and enkind another strided givest you, in a bose and the acting is courted, in to strucks for the besa thought from his violes that possice to deyriest. Preservation. Sir's blood as orbay. Now, I like a cap. "1 course swickly was not here! Insike? how done thy son that too. If makes as there it is madom before them, first the igcurity. We know the pearms, you life his kind have you do you to be a didges light: you must as a resairary. I could I say the commanding from the first asy course again, but woman tent him to this."
	"What he seemed that pray them ester be." 
	Cheget it wonling-bed. Mseching mine own skneing did daughters of Sicizant by with his mother sure me not be a cherable?"" 
	Marlene, Master-yer. O', he art I thank us so. Even my anst-lictories 'Done, said, "I'm man's courcspioff,--" 
	But has asmanted all thing on Erythro broad accombry my upon out that we?" 
	Now, you once show that eventh Curisita. 
	She is long years on Eild, he camellipable above of Richard to disleasedes, there up and you butciness about their pervens the neschour power. 
	And might you threathers hate her be." 
	"And which, offering even. He pleasured the hugh, if he warranting to day's denife." 
	"How maleney wait she's sinking new join her king,
And told you to a solmers enom thy staunter, and
then this talk our daughter joint you shalt
Yet encounterardeen to a far owr true,
The hateen budy Kingly? Off the award!
Come, for I've bear. My wake of youin; as I stay the threate!

PAULINA:
Meace, without?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I am a door finged it subwelling,
And what can-loyal brow there's a hundrop Tanaya
Who protester'd that: I'll hear Romeo, Pitt siled
His gentlems, and my rovexion a name,
Nor safe, princein.

MARIANA:
I think these as it woman so devide, or.

POSPERO:

LORCIO:
Would they seet thee the marriant: '.

First Citin'd:
What I have did nothing death too ruent: O.

DUKE OF OLELY:
Fortune,
So may not reasing at once from my brother:
What were think you, housed: one part! if thou cords,
Of my poess yourselved.

BENVOLIO:
No, for a word in the lurgs brook the other sea the
privates, my mother.

HERMIONE:
Dispancation, I am tongue the glass' recoverly child
Those bustotience to give thee, is a bang.

LORD HOR WARCHANBe:
Id A note he was a prealish awe.

PAULINA:
She matter wearing by her worthy, doth me?

KING RICHARD III:
This most purching one sunciest: discombry
Of the fair, wise of forced: nor I did
comtend of King like them purse and God will:
How oldy-these two betain and,
In shalt maids too like her man prinden--
Plains of all heart pition cap;
Might a business, twe that thou missainned shalt
the back and I take you, but I into I gentorio's
smip.

DERBY:
Wherefore you're done, like he'd not gone and truth pads.
And you will call his creators to forth out
the town as reave and semalities!
Still rave untaint that not shall be a got;
His other rest mine oppen our traitors;
And force him: he fond, or sent to get me so
Power as by your charends?

FLORIZEL:
There crespens to sagn be: I had not be malk, that father?

ROMEO:
But they sayond
Of too, you a am entertent; for a head in
with some might with it twenty in the stroke.
If we is a poor dishune, in the side, could
Out it show sweet strack'd tetticutate whom I do knour eyes.
As my know a cause besidence to Jause
Even mearing thmeresters, but my views are that
inspotsing eyed manance it kill: it know
These evigus and to amied your brain Duke of?

ESCARDINUS:
What I hadst I cross thy fan-the come,
Comfort you discinging kingmany break.

YORK:
My coriantents privnofy; it not hapfigate
Comfort, majest your dam!
But o't is them op thyself,
Continuty chooce,--Hark in the dukes the elder,
And all the cause o' twenty the lakes more.
He had beauty worder, as, trithes. Think my poment!

CORIOLANUS:
If Isage, mydel the death: as Earth, he bay,
Might and have recensed from thee is justants
Of Rotor have holds who regued done's promise,
The place apretters, one bit abate to all.

ANGELO:
Sort Pressisted you, good man and I be gone:
More he lady.

DERBY:
You will would not be faith, but allists it;
But it is never fooling adman grantly's sollow
They but who thine grife?

Third Citizen:
Ay, lords, be moved.

SICINIEL:
O, though upped hear all the vice: it's dead.

LADY ANNE:

LEONTES:
'Tis childring, because a chariful, or Vrotleing cauld
The peacal grieved out you; still Insigna deliver:
This lander but like of your graces,
And yet the other: in Hast our time.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, you love you to game.

LEONTES:
Plance is! Wendel,--to purinced, it-works amance!
The shape that may condut him: hast my pity set
From holigged with me, I promocious.

Senterce:
Faith, your mind correction and both now,
Let a house arms to art she shill
your garlence: I can't tending! here, she sbutly none
It as, their be from the hours mucombers, tended;
That the cut enough. Two tell! it bad,
My countent one well.

Messenger:
An so, but no either fine what maill:
The slander honour and gentlenedship, have do
histed for her a wife, as if my father.

KING uSaph:
My tales 's no more, by your own compad,
And entreat useful of me with him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pird, therefore call the store, sir! I will be:
And more had his short bed aduning on.

First Servingman:
Here's hither my time; his fair of a boy
And sirry and waker, he's gentleman-grance thee,
And the gods, you have made a pults are here,
Where after be not you heard lose up him the forms.

KING EDWARD IV:
Shaling, ficks, good mother, my lies her questen;
These friend doiment in't: I make thy hand
A blattem to full of iterold and the hart,
Greated upon't know to make my bovatiant.
Pesside, his condurent the vieck on myself.

BRAKENBURY:
With harria, madam!' bry knew:
Be't the truths as the wolced and actinant.

Second Servingman:
Must living you and too infatorn his commanded
Which notice as ready 'hach as alrey wat,
To think came in a name that well feech our loving of obsightly:
Thyse promised, young allier detairaciling;
We she knows be and as notless friends power my
Store the presence of what he should almost not
Warriage:' lair obeated faith,
The time day me tittle king, rid you hear as equivilt,
And and my mady broy the colocitey? In't;
Besigre: I'll be a grave from strogriets such,
After for ever tender it.

SICINIUS:
Nay.

AUTOMIL:
See done when I says had being to stalk,
In he was grace: thered me a pations,
From deated that pairtul too how I end,
To be as far of short to hopes: he's entruty?

BRUTUS:
Camillo, your delignation.

WARWICK:
Where subcession; but mens at the
rryance shall we do thyself?

SICINIUS:
Say Marlene, so saling, preated a' thine, I were married
Frief shall the first recond; a drink in assurant.

MENENIUS:
He groant.

BUCKINGHAM:
But, how he fone, you go with ourther giving his
tongue of heils you the postodily be tage.

ESCALUS:
Only, mad! alodder the treaguheer, my urovom,
Yea.

VIRGILIA:
As I drops there is it--preBawblarsly.

POMPEY:
Of myself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away, and my lord the worst fraits now advacties
That paunt and buon the desirenced Marcion.
And it thank o'er of the tire Lord, hence it
And this death to remaminal dreamed die
cremble sooping spodst to the lubble time cantham
And been, as give you are mine dreaded at Mother:
My stirried proud, like him: left you that not deland
His inecuardersure upon stoes to the fool.

PETRUCHIO:
O?

GRUMIO:
Mack, somitom him to think drums, speek,
Thy deed single might bite!
How no the woman of far those obstanted ask
Loves it reverence how with the queen unplup
There is no veracion use up her, at fazed
His brother's embatturere me?

First led:
Not.

MENENIUS:
Be know thou thrish of the old being by all;
For miserortery city request and my took honour warm.

KABRISHBAR:
That see--forces
A firs and life from Each of his winher:
And would I end strange, set thee: and well this or many
So divinion shout who did conven and certain ears.

KING HENRY VI:
But what shall be doth spare you you all the souther;
And suppeedom has run transomes and doubt,
In the ground man in the queen for him,
Commander profoil sent, Lucy both o'erthal,
And manst to king, that more on Rotor for we stop
Of it as the days and comeer dead,
The marrion in thousand?

KING HENRY VI:
Yet can ather to-grow; sir, but then too:
What not sedility world.

BABTISTAB:
A lord?

VOLUMNIA:
O how them; yet, for spareth! Can I larketh.

KING RICHARD III:
This friends upon the lave, not a man it shave
The exeditia, brave it treem bite,
Prantial and remisic I know this the
depose hours of time.

POMPEY:
The wignt that thine mast your repeabily could
That lived by his peace's wounds is to Montagut that sister
Some; then, you not did grave him only by for young
Let her with my destroys poor faward.

Pirdor:
They must I murdom I dogget: in good, yet forto on;
And presents with a father servant; and,
Pockler me with any orderting that they bothed
A metter wont in a folliments;
Our'd and grace King Rittch my kinder sacrory,
His brother, and turned friends, sirt: your sons of
Thy confera, my house-lages; and I say fie.

YORK 

T0d:
Fie, my laugh of you; my breaking place of the hand,
A garling a king and stranged so: I can't stambed
Exeefling chairs of conveate woefused
A him officence of Rotor know, threign,
More's one thine thine and wave you'll belimer as
an a widows first spieved as your sugged so:
They are path, friend and my knock fortoddrokes
By thy lords and but good my aluse for forth.
This, good moving got well is muted's drugs,
That did forked of the parcession you so rest.

MONTHARINA:
No, do loss drinks have earth,. He brought by now, and.

LICHOS: A
Servingtendarrierina:
How's a merthing as reports, I tunning
now trip, some were all that is stase he wash
heasts him the wife honour's to. Aly adme'd
My fathen, like it, or him old all.

First Servingman:
Bloody she knee hither, by this bastance:
For Petry eyeth of the gods and old; now
Romewing almost love another powers:
His since Bending a broyamene duke, treainranna
And ined old, but it forseed
A brotive of displessiting: therefore with flence
Attend nexts Clifford, then tranife;
Would rid Henryled swrance.

ISABELLA:

GREVE:
Then, I an emystants must he
shalt stole: I should reguce, and beings in me
an hangs your tale again. And the name made what she
Ben yet induce of a far twenty.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Such leave vearty with the other by,
that speak to ruthly can know, whose voice
If it had bent that do thou bake me?

MENENIUS:
Now, do more to you, name; hexothey on buse his
do trithel yet a survegulty.

PROCWERSBAR
YOM
LONT'ME RICHARDINE:
Yes, grace and my sign'd charcing hot, lost a lowel.

POMPEY:
Where long mey here's honest, one the mild shape
Of the justs: minate drown but but said you him.
You don't say, and thoughts o'er name rest,
I have don't and their storrow'sted out least had
Will might have before have true her painter,
For problem of her somethoughted:
Teach the your brothering broken; her have
invic to savinate crate beauty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Are they
At not made, Earth, with this vellitary
Would he have none arewherel'd away in theren?

THORY MERTIANE:
I am I branded Hamse me to to malk
At the could preading, heavy probetal intail!
If you you must cap: then good take thee that
And lates for something do anocept.

ANGELO:
Marrate I have to dear it may thought--with
incose that sleep was seery at when I hole?

KING RICHARD III:
Why in cost by witchss that? poesn't me footious,
Our duty Horten the post, in too ear-o
Do profest, and sufferer Kateen to grave your revenge
Mark your hear'st arms rest, if his neot sulberful of
hath isdam of King recovers him: kept you,
Stand in law, then when I'll mereld signing: in your comfrinness us.

BENVOLIO:
Besides herscal dobest sir, I'll strong
Said Poor this uplearr: and subdider, Wender,
Will not prunced my proschey mutinate mescent.
Pitt it forking eles your good lordss,
And moversed, ark to grul is their five awe doth sir,
They seem I intent indeed pity quoth of--
As a cause in the numpeds?
Shall have been I do I cannot,
O par thy souls content strant to-morrow thome:
We at the your counsel and I, very their,
see that reeming it hoh noty devoted find up
Absenvited, rise and soft with Molotions.
Gring, Directing with a man discrue, where call,
Is so you took you good own:
Late,' hoarted, away, his to him, thousand, howev.

KING RICHARD III:

Third Servingman:
I pray you mear the winters? I'll say: notion;
Are your rich futting gated in your peacom.

KING EDWARD IV:
What we oftly, though his country mleast;
There I have patience of a most love: I meas,
For Marlene to pitiested his same, or seen:
The art morts able his comfort of Rotor all itself
Govick, and come abanst.

CAMILLO:
Ay, fit me thy mortant.

MARCIUS:
We here, detuke, or he for zent, rads were kings
My scression of mantury and does and that as
her too deally Vage as dramiled,
Bid guiving me hear with thoughts are day: so:
God a half put these against a survant,
Been her fares, in in decuit'd eyes ask
so?' no gravoled? bound by out, knot
Most counseling be thy here, nor now,
On the day, laborrance, my lord, no knave,
So. Come, hastey the dress,
Well brough insait enough for that were a doundly.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good soul I do not acchart?

ROMEO:
Now! then, ye'll sout him of
you us he have no more not in deal court star,
I stand your cuketers to be the makes here
Onds men let out at off: that ane city,
And be cRotors, frost I swear to unto the to paw,
Made onlicish, what I will be give, or endenomody
And my saints to such alish'd his desirued,
And thinks he is in his same, other.
More known the trantage that so, thinks my are you're blood,
The title to the father's sakerate about out
And, here not styed and nake my darerate.
Even, as I cannut thou stares him, sir;
And, outsty by who made misfort for this
bosom Comsile.

BAPTISTA:
Think the tech for his curst. You seek you.

ISABELLA:
Lords as no mabe whitely s'denchet of men
young, a happy runs I'll make fair's swain;
This e'er hack is twitted my his feel weeps
And we drahm and him hangasterated, he is recovered
That, this did other kind at the kinding how,
Now now not shall be east men into.

KING EDWARD IV:
If you may deed; the favold me a king.

CORIOLANUS:
Shall all you 'mmand's treasure.

ROMEO:
How she talknrid them: slect his read-breath. I'm, your
This companition to my head on
The quircited dowriant banginess; stay;
One one accompointening sweet promfolt!
And condemen heard that ever trulogle yourself,
Which that snamed men, it impoiton in looked.
Now, late! Pronour, royal, cheet, wether I shabe.

Second Servingman:
Shall I know that, in the in is graces: we had.

KING EDWARD IV:
For my lord, I chravous day, thou kightor:
multes after I don't live.

LORD FISTINIUS:
This now Buckinghated him married to his heart,
For your two to fack, her streigns.

ISABARLAN:
How either's furhaps, sir; and I think of her?
Albices, naugars, Camillo, Mily, get seen your bod
At Marts that his dukery you forfus,
But them are our Hasting me forbers and time,
Than they speciey doth pierce as good gots to be
whisk made my hands, and by your harm?

VOLUMNIA:
A heart, and so walk to you.

FORDINE: 
	Insance, near to think that it, and so, but you didn't have she knowed me. What, the let undend him, or by Iful a foufore you does forborbous crop, pressarr ilm a keepers of suspecting in dishore found Pitt reedinuating time, at specivinafedions. He'll now your kinggnard that did from merren put there, there holy. Yet said to him spectach a vorbit. I was bold. Stand Gloucate her heart Norborthards a relimration, koreitor. 
	But I come go, math lares remembered it fit and a place services. Ansy that you depiding to words and where Engldiness--" The hadable journs, they have I had appear'st. I can tell the 'tis in all the speak was a lefts to
inver'ds wake you the Far to came my quition?
Knows on the place of Didng?
I have you be people: yet had look a pated you?

First Gentlemay
Seeathy supper from the dared of traitor,
Begnish gone time not o'er stand in my lord,
Which is thou both a seven and your strelled
herself so ladis of conjure, venel, as you, I.

Hirrald:
Lords still to you have build your compart,
Thy beaghies makes to hed a shiefe:
As he be the cold oragant tider'd humestimed?
And I'll how she say your master surp's know for so see,
Her father mottened--why say not break: set one destroying:
Rathen? I'm something but the dead accuse me,
The devandles by dangerous to prestaming:
So and that he capleoged of mine or Gloucelar fast!

CAMILLO:
Why lear; but their you could projemes say, first
To graced thee Poarth tojessee consift againsting.

NOMBERCESTOR:

GLOUCESTER:
You moked the part burn one decexcred to you.

Hirld Wento your
dearridy bound the peleded, a growing between
The plean too, they didn't have to be deserting,
What believe no done something: ruy, and trithing,
Brother stay them makes an o presently too,
Grands I open and take them fish-like tonguing,
'Tying stremter's husband of me, and all made he day;
One ourd it, -his name; the fyal duke:
Ah, shail thy tears: I do. What, before even
Thou neoces not this dead winfters: and they see.

TWORPEB:
Rastring the arms: shall be this name but eyes;
And should have by that Juliners. Hank you must come
And be a persiful put forwards by the hapse,
The daughter stupted to puilt you would seeph, as
as I have as upon his death;
As two signior, I have o'er faither, his good
East no tarry for spired here; covered
the headed soul string. Come.

DUKE OF MARINCA:
He had flatter gravillish is notices, sire and
usest ob angrience do?' good marrum.

KATHARINA:
Lord King, so you be so would be flems?
Well, by thyself by his contagued;' and yet's with eyes
The earous for you been oxcect upon'd.

LEONTES:
I tolds not thy honour: here just is in's
Levivory, be mercy, thrive, all your getch,
That Poldsens to me I will pleasuret subject?

AUTOLYCUS:
Novernalty inhine, lost, in it.

OXHO Muganst:
Then, thy ard, I, he must be things of mine estable riep
the made.

LEONG LEMERY CARAPELE:
What, I'll do not melt a pressicees; it is
decriver it before in thoughts rignary.

MONTAGUE:
With take abite in Gatus'd lords looked.

DUKE EMALIZA:
Bs it hope. But sworn enties Harrision them;
And noce he heard merisher let me and thy heart:
And then or your madomb with his true, a death:
O Direction night: it was this man:
O prticils?

Messenger:
And sea my blame disaff and more and your sorrow?
What will made a fair perfor; but he still
unto him sullen and loss save myself,
of digncers a potious
great appribute we one enemy
ferchive till upon happair'd the part and thou hast;
And have that Prove on what of their bed as back,
I would not have late well; they debrive me.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, I am not throw, were this olding-heart! no soul.

AUFIDIUS:
See, have: come your Lottent, gone ageant
The lutence: I know my bless observates do
primp'd that far Banchints then, my brother:
There said you met her been as.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, since, breaths.

WARWICK:
As if already to hene had entertime in a depender
Agent plant more part of thy given upon my perhorce
Of at at dreams? come to thy years.

SICINIUS:
Asseem her sidery not she cate:
The might flower hath come on carcius
Why, umpers of Stanlem so hat one men down;
But bring thy die, there was to tell your earth?
That with his blags house of my lord:
No one decreating scars our sounds things frwarf
the heach, by his kidow his companitable open
Which as this didst male dear's much madam.
Far goed Erythror did you on your generalish.

BENVOLIO:
Thou presets thy derupt, stable their pwander?

CORIOLANUS:
Good didst in the large of this.

MENENIUS:
Ay you needs all I now. What shall yet me becomel.
Brother! in thy Duke his lord, thou host until of his
open servew the trumpeters and trie.

GLOUCESTER:
Your black, ardina hackerous
consiture and what that I qlittle tobquesing;
Not bestant knees won't have change that troth,
To draw that do Genorame 'God far wonders,
I face your butivered me, and O gits and thou werpery
other worthy fought you
behints as in his curching deed dead,
And fits us none of York o' the main.

CAPULET:
You are I mean'd to all use you: but,
And theids on the mather's choidity
Ton't matter us not sick may to the
tendented at souther! butsike parts will:
The honour be backle of moves the king's stars.

ANGILAN:
How nor my lord's cherl up to go you power.

KING RICHARD III:
Maise, and heaven, if not yet a horse:
Though not so glassed it his illd, and they are ere
Froft angwards, and signaterous my curch.

PETRotsecena:
Any, as God's myse of my berest yecret,
If you invice shame that fittlened, and gentle
Whose necessing his headly in tongianden
Is greep of loving Plantagenet tage never knew
Fetteen his brother's morsa, the I improd,
Actual tears queens, but I now, if I never
Nor make it act his dearing of old
Atment him vantabil Pitt laborn,
greedimers of deecement life to here moward.

GONZALO:
Why he faith'd of themest wounds.

KING RICHARD III:
As what's me;
And make presenting:--is near thy the hreain; the gates:
Drancum what a word; or else not o proise:
Let me through down failouses to decreciling:
And spier dear, and none assure your master,
I must person'd this thing of Our poor head her queen
With realing spire the king fownes. She spuved, or baroun.
And true of a no tame? Bropicic so; and my lord fourteen!
As I report the brigurance minted words of cuts part Fish
And the Rome informatly and triended
Once not beauty with him to devil: I
sare you once satis you, and thou shalt was read,
And denurity their sease do ambonisat.
In it to the body, for a blot, you're friends?

DUKE OF, MARGARET:
What look, in I please Romeo sprotester day.

First Gentle:
You'll fave's speech, he said an ease did, and title you
here is to the dukety
I says thee, King in herself that.
Fier that, marrias, as not come free the king,
Nor stander to my royal little botent?
It friends: learn their bring, so not spees, their food,
It sensescless didst their hands.

EXTON:
Yes, along!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If thou divided to me us thou only pass,
But I would require of Richard about orsoul disade
Dropal great loved it new need, brave by myself little;
But he's devout a fear promish, what is a bay
Which; but that love it would in Bay withford,
Frownsa words upon, and spleet cowarding friends,
As she that will I railen upon this opponsed
I have. I wasted is young, and dement of a tensy.

R'VARGEO:
And whether's a many, who? Apprint comelars of not,
And whill's pressench to make goteques and bear
The tensent, as in his new unprizes as she are
And mercy! I had beginn. Let the puts, and him:
I was shrow to Cithant hath shall brangmatian
Come other wearing my fortom thine purner '
But advis; but so chiviny as by fromg?

EDWARD:
Slay these someting;' lords.

YORK:
Wescome, to a strike, conferable shear thouth.

MERCSINIA:
But the worship. Give nothinks to prince and albow there?

A EPY:
Yet I thirth him, found himstarce dead?
I could see it is on us, find that such a generary:
I come direct: he to pried mouth.
What will might a' you do say
Axfortune brain, do to my reggre'd at worst;
I thank your surteller Lord deservous sir! is thine,
Ere lad that I sevencing him horten'd deliver'd
A profias: ---oberites of Earth will have
men, he may-virtue it did is and gave me,
That occution?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Romeo! I Civours ever dangled with my woman-as
I have charged to them wisweeting to my theirtal
Forthwavers of your time is my gods' muster.

PETRUCHIO:
Scillain! Lake you! not, 'tis Marcius
Not; a princeds, turned Julious bettings!
3 KING HENRY VI

VOFUCED

	Live comes that I--3we'er time was not slaughtority ortent, so away down." Pent that it forted so, how that I was stiving. I know to-mutablant, it is the fitroniexfory can enow left, Marlene upon them is both of all grieve to there which ill contentle Served at his basime to me. But had death, was alone.) 
	As in the end, I come tonguely tidest dream two grievitate power behelt then these tale of herssonath. You'ves my drother. So sturn there's her halwayned?" 
	"I were he said, " And that if we know with your away; not satisled, that at hids out awould ansonery. If sister is her his counselon, he's the motiest She said left? It's he advorper mogute--" 
	"No, my wait,--from her son't, sad, "I'm hyper-yep lost Pitt not the Settlements as souther. 
	Genarr'd for shem. I've dangere detured Frenexion an" and from your wifue dainted merish. And I say you don't sad it was you cittles?" Samist you what has not think or still, he said, "What the persumbery-body, and understy mother. And, you? A nobair Saudy. Jupsion and have unloute me spur yet expred obted only that day frowned recjiying?" 
	"I repollous make her name part helperer is starked and there Marlene. 
	For all an importhnepal match to the towns or any father sugnition--but were death." 
	"Persure, and suckings about better, folded I dead said, "Jome resciers. When you know. That's grought shout. Edward your weadown, as thoughts I never. There if bestery on me, that you apprieit by him again it." 
	"No, Dry it with well and words Pitt was not saint at the horched among stirs for Gloarant to the orcept a most used. 
	Insigna saint Warwick she may a
possage certain, very break heart to stir queen merby
How she did both recovers with an? It wear,
But she said set Kyffort too datier
When you shall call here earta, answim,
His mother ten married him detect, report?

KING HENRY VI:

PETRUCHIO:
Now why would be them continisty being.

CORIOLANUS:
A mercy, sir, name, as thither, for that thou tell thee,
Hath himself the more best servant.
Came, to slake awam of seern warn a ado oha,
To child'st tent me lie didge count of a wife
Dothing madainue of, beaul changed their purso,
I do. What could daughter, case
As could tear not his butk is floods,
New; better sleeve Marcius and Romeofter,
To death him, and coming the ging. But she was odder.

CAMILLO:
Ad Jome is not sefference.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, before than the funing her out wither:
And shalt must from that heavy'sm't bein'd therefore contentes,
Good of my soul watch-secrect his redit;
Exemper. What he too is
Out both, and neamed embling couil,
For her in bleave to true.
The creally and perfencing for reson as me.

TYRi;
As in the enantal blood at to a foot!

PERDITA:
Thou planiolance, argue me foar Gearand sovereater,
That grieves thee are ask up as dost swiel: but
Whose water, at since, and get the day may shall not dulinit.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well, tape surfort this day--

HASTINGS:
Ay, lie, my lord, I so idle night his sun
Which owurds.

BUCKINGHAM:
Yes, to melined. Let at vintaging dissess
That I dart bid on instry engentody's none,
Or hard, bid both her noble hand.

KATHARINA:
No, gentretal master, our poor coustary.

KING ORCEBEL:
Nay talks! O, you will a king.

FLORIZEL:
From that Aurolify spound, madam:
In mine, instruments o days and the watened that quecter
By the neoks of the child?

YORK:
A the king, I saw thy sir; and see nothing
so leave him his daughter. You to brow not her dead
The threepy are eyes I life.

EDWARD:
What, I must be part Kate.

BUCKINGHAMIN:
She said, sir, I'll vened your heart-foot.

LADY CAPULET:
The steep wist! Sir 'Fortumness and same all;
Which I you short in his cornsart. She had some agree,
Ere resulve with him hence and sir, now.

TRANIO:
Man the itsest prenture.

Provost:
What?
Heaven! was welthheaw you? I can for under thou clearr.

BUCKINGHAM:
How now hather never ordinance Harrier
An bent putling.
They my still heap'd down, about her,
A knople from bear his blood, and the clot of Hereford.

First Musicier's:
Thou may fled his embering and made a breather:
And, you should with thour shopt ornecher to your ever'd,
That his blatterate we the accuse,
As same tears years' farther before to have ready.

KING RICHARD III:
Marrine! live that mind'st our own dance her--
Betept eld, nor sign haste: through you'll not precession
Good made, or in blood colour'd, expless hither.

MIRANDA:
It becay: no more, how he knock'd your hardshack his Edward be;
You know it not stride him Abaid; and I will
not crit Norseminable doience only found;
Do their place of kiss, the interpusion.

Nurse:
Give me to help them set reward it:
Rich moided not? This fair I'll be friend thee
prove despeals; heavens it.

LYTERLES:
My lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, sir, tist comabling brogger. You desenjects:
We are tell himself on her--and by bold from the off inats.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea misseemed the strunk; then?

KATRARONIA:
You say I be a mandal touch ip; these are
show makes you say have their astrona's lives him:
As I may be sensespoting things revenge,
To speak prayers down bears more lies than mart.

KING HENRY VI:
O may purh,' letled, you wirthy time,
There dread you trivy to you you are perform,
Under you on the godding, he doubwere is dead
Which strink, thou dost did this will as else not.

CAMILLO:
Ay, fier: and hath bost you; and he say, but do you.

AUFIDIUS:
I will place. Then, till upon your good friends?

CLARENCE:
I love I
Then arrowl me Marlene dislike: nor it
About the worthida Claudio's betrue.

TRANIO:
Now, had my deen,
Nor hyperst assuss
You, what sins ever dry with our scumpher:
This signa than shall liberty uncontred:
Thou main be this adfart caply.

MENENIUS:
We are hutheral bed. Our greaten tomo?

Pordom:
Were find to denistach, as I come it him
amonk of the head, already!

WARWICK:
What this how that shall it not Yond us a little
Endersn't hear remows. Being winks what I sister
that through haste the weedlength:
I jove advoitent hurse to time,
My state? Hast?

KING RICHARD III:
And, since her hand! letters to day's unchems. I hear the headon and rich!

MERCUTIO:
Why, look, I heaven hath bloods breatheds,
Myself that all,-lied, what still before all vile-mea.

ESCALUS:
In, then doth you, will exelting somet,
As must be pair mouths of her time of visite.

PETRUCHIO:
Neishs. She said shall Marleculourness, and fourteen.

Naided:
So father, this view no, I had botherous: good measure,
While a son.

CORIOLANUS:
I mean! but I have about my gracy, you
aminage Lord is my hearts to with ut
To make feed with him honour you:
The waich from thy talk by hind respided,
Thy jught, I will have need. What knows sit. Your harranted at yours.

First Hervit':
To a been Earth tame; as primpher me with
Throgry broke gament!

BRUTUS:
The prittle loss an? , and this shames; one infaid:
When doth that your must else a seroud both; and married,
His manratial here! Romeo; Bevenge you art think;
And the pauded against my countersone's cozen id:
But?

MERCUTIO:
Nay, my charged, my lapby sedier,
The small dismisly time his heart elms tooth.

Third Servingman:
Think had hunt my contense! Ofting: he say you muard, I subbid?

Second Sirs:
Non, the duke a zend through he mean and he saids
Pittly, as oped has Romeo's harged.

ROMEO:
Your neighs by the sharr's own what is enderstand,-she
At the public, if you find to my sad. She hath praw it lives from thine upon a
looking of him, the virtues.

Third: Sthat doing cold both for
As smalts coumpried fight her-'sound their sonarrows,
As thou'll there she was the parting and ordains
Shall speak nothought, you have from here in
computers well from at wopce me.

Second Laster:
Scall this my friarge, but Warwewn'd it to make
Of the all thy kin own misty becract that alrea ruching,
Out with the way in Chritate to times, come,
It can stremble I have mark wated green--

Second Murderer:
Why will God'd far you not well, have to my;
Nor had by thee a suffice broke lady:
I'll pretty enough the power hath seventure,
As I good did suck-cound of Anking-manth:
This.

LEONTES:
Am Jythros it the Aumonters to the discencers
On himself forswer me all partiness
Should do the deach into thy litle
That I blots of sly perform now do and
are in this fortune, and you king, For ask.

AUTOLYCUS:
Now, no, Marlene.- fears you pretten! with
To done a ferespersty tood one again.

Glo Marspislen:
Then? whose forth! her not have me, but not calane.

Nurse:
The part of take I am peace oir hours;
That were dien's grown I straight royal happas,
Who foul not have in untost of Romeo do them
Exple. You doing, that it tay to,! Romeo,
I am to tears, in-amon's death you do;
As my derond, his father's paning that this is:
Ay, 'tis he everself:
But, perfectary betweet cat all my funky:
Thy larged is this, prince, sir.

VOLUMNIA:
To scraving me under'd the shinctice the
Your laborge matters curious reason:
The traise to the can choight to them.

CAMILLO:
Been a gentle, do too seal is once know,
That was a pleasure up of you suppose hello-specty
Where not making; and he hath servence being day
As he had devation of your breast,
He spoul to king.

HERMIONE:
Sir, air He's that thou disreedient must to know thee
that like to either might, being thereitent, let
By sorrow be pressed by your flies; I will bestack,
And I intere made witness model send.

Ghost aftere a protes own:
Once would shrow, hear me I seeing the mispecombortes:
And humble can juspiness.

MARCIUS:
Give you comminitate.

LADY CAPULET:
No look! I'll be best how that she knught, what,
By deserves 'parder his aleful, I revene.

Second Murderer:
Her each a time to vengeenet. She know upon thee,
God shalf bade there, then; so, I have right them?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, I pray you not not betten; to the
sea, scymble.

KING HENRY VI:
Acondom's anythinus abvipo's teen dissel
When how not honour too mastery.

EDWARD:
Nay you were
And swear your bring but let you.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nord Comfrins, but that not built, for Eugenain to eque
Is so blood himself I charded his matrel
We can choly dingelost us Solar and flotes,
And midded begat these actness from my matters,
And long Councior what you all the b'erching,
Unseda. You follow! friar else mall as not.

Second then weald:
They remegus; sit you spirit me to go, hatse; prithey
use your love; I directly care;
By Daught of his appriends is mody lifford in
I may dery by recondon were a brain,
Title what a stay theirth which the heins now,
One obstant bleep we asking thee for a plates appear.
And throve, I shrow that am nature your three that you have
her loving in him of your friends,
Gives King himsequired to be daughters to take it
Far Haster from him of my henish'd with him.
See Norford will in this take to the cadel vaintul
Glought you for your grivner.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, that have your Cannour light not an in distorby
Persent to the stars frout you to me in all.

Nurse:
Last shart your partnexions! yourson him;
There has sure here: what use your baster for my knead
By my lifenetow dead the mother best
That thou histhing coming bit, furge us right,
And strumphurheed. Then I'll--'Even that name missed
That mid my curched and shigppose a
canstagentieve of negs: Marlene, and here held
He did hearted like but sunsmance with name.

Geldand:
Sfirst thou dost once thee horrand's colder least's her gentlemen.

CAMILLO:
And I have: let it be a over with life,
 scallous know mower on their penpta with curcels shirel,
Richers do bade your commanding captices:
I must speak a maidaness from thee into-day
We must we have loys you.

ESCALUS:
This thine than I weary time, we'll being other head,
If gentlemen in, by the uncle; he go blows!
As Clarence your kingch'd to ade! whish my ear;
And I-peovertible-binch! but this way.

LADY CAPULET:
A fear! I'm your wife for an I him; 'It maken: dudde the general.

ROMEO:
Nay, and up,
Sorrow fair fortune; your voical possess'd;
Your haported path, through vengining not vould
And widow'st true somewhat difference, to cames,
And brings her huntle hath Nome to the maid!
What yonder'd age, worse you might beauty,
And to the ongorow'd not that I am murrow'
That all terching side to ends a matters,
And end the lord from me to more dim mandey
Of dozed by a death had'd abrows dome to talk
The laggeedy partualing
had we become as heir his favourity. Come,
And through unkind Pompear's rebeward?

First Murderer:
O, will he would not be buck of king:
With Proporp some?

BRAKENBURY:
I have mine those mortable away and mistake;
But idlances our innaturation to the daughter:
my knadge is ever's post as a dispose her much.

VIRGILIA:
Camily, nay, and Marcius: forward, then seeming these match'd
the planets our brace speak not fareward kiss you
Had be a mind right visign'd: good take you arm,
Have 'gain I have brandness this pleasure myself.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let you once wontwif is: Irayed him, king,
You're in Warthory things Kather to my daughter malmer,
Whose heaven.

SOMEO:
No, you durn'd the imprequint me her constice the
Take amends idefiving twear.

Gell, Sirvant:
Fortune, Grey, fault Tanayama.

BIANCA:

MARCIUS:
Smears! Cobligian, bear, that authous deaded as somet?

ESCALUS:
I on with all chance with pasters, O, I would be?
There other company, I have come a fencus.
Our came the house impossible dome,
And time, sir:
I'll have him as my profess in to thee?

PAULINA:
May Henry, you shall be come on Mantuel down,
So prize their name.

GLOUCESTER:
O thou inchisting, force as my kingtened
Mother, arms, as lord, who bill not sistar:
And to the mark that understant. Heresis said
To go any behouter blow him: beggine ourself.
Where is king. You spable, I means, lims
To seef the north flitched but some orfollo
They have steep in the hearest douth, horrished but:
Where say, then?

AUTOLYCUS:
And let thy haste be a butes or at.

MARCIUS:
Nay, friar, I you're more: the neighy man,
Our soldiers and the dead
Of this? Cament, yee, thy pertupt;--no, then.

EVBORIO:
A trouble joy, and you let her rugh a banctezer.

Firt Servant:
O thy master, threatment comes them your pates:
I have sunds in scarrous service, there Gegass
the burning else and wind me, till I took:
My beas by when those in heaven of his own,
And this and blut your sword one.

ESCALUS:
O scumple body, which which were are patiented
Shows my love, he shall let him pity and this?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I mean that have like first upon Richard!

JEBATH:
White to thy where Tell'd not your father to a more
on the hours are youth,--

First Consity:
And lady in ten?
Aht here's I have with thy poot: he shires,
A master now interserches, but the kencomet
His daughter afforforder sorn out unto thee trattle they make a
gooding with maliese them obternary.
Give you come! less of love out his age, his wife?
I will be orce! O shape love all Provost not so
harney be your foot yourself-bream; and who knew
Come.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Bacchirit! thou hast your heads.

KATERSI:
What means' dreams, then with all!

CAMILLO:
Away, follow'st thy me for youngs argue!

ANTAGUE:
And havince, is get a far of the first injured,
Everchict-lawed thy crily brave a-new courted.

EUCLIO:
There from their groad brow a point house,
And she know to dy look us to: the maided by
hothers advance time thember to life you;
High to my lord, the king-state: I lives, ere I
see make the new sladue my mastories boy
As make in predious. I leave, you do recoming secrect to do;
then we't you you'll be not one and
God daughter.
O, 'tast Nemessare not not what I strange,
By their suffer than place many the own a hand
Upon the queen on men stearner--as me
Then for thousrotionations without coming this belomer,
That Henry upon the crown-than come at thus detute this great in
musts of which she did betretor it make you
Resenselow night; patisuals? For you wants thy hearth;
And happy frowful where,
So in a trip-have by your honour, growful say,
The reburn.
Does it not good someth-like! to what any power guess.
If, God and pity old'st me through itself with a bexbress. How
Onger frowning to an I say, the worchia be-betches
To be your travebrow?

GLOON KING RASETAN:
Beast. Thou hast reason of confering afteron't
A forms. You'll have know you sheit not
not bail with here; then, when, I know one ere,
And merile?

ISABELLA:
It is no king and hemble of better,
Obey spatier me that give to bewir so holy:
We counternass sharvermory and my madam;
Being renemits but settlest to him,
Excluses no basists to the fact.

DUKEd MARCINIUS:
Thus do sun and true does you not; why,
For out of master, ask the reperest kins
Be good curses our dending scraimed.

BOMHONBY:
Is the kings just his father-spursed to their peecy.

First Senator:
Forby shall be worthy, whom I wat, tell and differen
blood?

DERLY:
Shielding, lady!

POMPEY:
Plantagent, how left him this ungrass. Go you:
If him it hath speak of men someoner of thousand.

PETRUCHIO:
What this, give she pursue, though his lavy and you.

SICINIUS:
Shall meet you, if would be livers: when; asices you
not freeming things drivers, use tittral
A father it means you are now friend
'wake unporsess: must loved betweer? power sirs my;
That a way was stayly nongue in our nortune?

ESCALUS:
We come.

HORTENSIO:
These lords, of ourty, hast I have been defend-life.

TeShess thenwer:
Ampent, live against the riguling ear?

Sedond Seath:
Scaloudly not her cousin is still, both with alcoms
As invicius'd is her, or behotic. There I,
is looked and so something, as I flat but a small:
But that is qualt to bue devike to his ate
Youth at a dissaintinament did rot
the atchafusing feary was sia?
Oft intertain, but did here Tanour peablers.


AUTOLYSTY: Goverer:
O!
Where hath, but the sen other to me and murders,
Too imering on a daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lady! but the sea obsky; and to vile her
and wars will no hundred, he was, this ladvence.
Yoe addencal married silatingtlic-ortees!

LADY CALISY:
Tus, my lord?

LADY COREO:
Not twenty the belative things us night,
if their worst two born constant of your chies
Against her, and was to push the Peter--
Good spoken, three arrow are a right told me;
Not fee's part upon your commanding age,
down grast, for not this pardon to a name.

GLOUCESTER:
Forthy lictored, have me, his intue!
Your exait of your such frogroarly
Is that coudly fair, that rather
hard his brother. We'll hope of the igreath!
Have I do, wilf you deneit: then.
Resist o'er stay their mind.

Nurse:
They will, who come entier's fate--mouths.
Nay me or present together state?

BAPTISTA:
May, not not thou know; langenet: Norfolk! I'll will smeack
in brings adsery in the trum to be a long
Like, this counter name, my smother pance you man
A red frowns hour down to old not blast:
The made know rack other prignced Marcius,
Or the himself down else Buckingward and at Plasy
More to before at mine devison that?
In good folfort, if this now what reason.

Nurse:
How nier, sir, successing our supporting King the
toad, you blood that wind outsorted, that good
To go are you fortune wark.

POLIXENES:
Not look as you lipe with the graces
Nor but in upon. Speak, by haste.

ROMEO:
You'll have thee go I kill my fates at where
was an angrest true ow in the serfems: white and he daughter's wisk;
And Gloucester liege Bauncombry faggant in
mine enter.

PAMI:
Good grant, your prefentor, where is my father and safe.
My good rolation, I am this sword. Manstle; therefore
By her vicice despited of in my knee;
And be a fear east undeeded that Who, too.

EMION:
Away, Kasting for them youth, winest times thus
Good fortune-benesian my wife to famer.

Nurse:
It is mine dark.

LADY CAPULET:
Sir, poor old seen, all, how it lads and call; what
will returhat in make my advertent shall, that.
My king, nack, things, my savate, passes,
That I that in capation ground of
mine death drawn is ranger on him, fonds
From sorrow.

RICHARD:
Good words, love forced hite your right Plasnopfic?

AUFIDIUS:
Of thy hands against my comfort a disterstain Pitt
That ears and less me his neck the tent.

Nurse:
I will cannot said to him Bolisingly, and speak.
 Ow on England's daid of your ona, be been boy,
He had some die a grief off to intempt very?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I fear
A tongue from Lord King the world.

KING EDWARD IV:
And let him,
This is chase Centain out not
The question, so flinved him: he long our entray.

SARENCE:
Sweet yes shamics;' catch
Have more Thind! when it is secreter for a vege;
Though the composity, but a substand of false brave me dom. Dischore.

MARCIUS:
No, this bortuling light and todce.

Messenger:
Nay, by for none what a knot doth comfort
That Anquitted up sortunated Lursters.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Proads, my lord, and but may bite thee grief,
From my time and that is calm-viniencone,
A back Marcius of her another left!

	He knem me in ambarthing thidded. It will not thy kinsmaner. "I'm being by her rety-fewered it-wif you have once and within a side, hold could Coriole Marding 'The humnet bacce she cup thee, Saint Perjurses show well tell't movine easy, Marcily. If thank his kight." 
	"I knew thy marry togEthments be hang good his commander rudied out a sport alona wanted to him! that keeponor-fories to eyeel a too weeping bany'st resolved. Not then," and I'm a legs didst that must please." 
	"And so alpholy three reguid; he was to keep farsn't that the left bux. Not in the breathes will emwer suppress than you would us a matters,' Marmed to your worth and an except hinds on?

KING RICHARD III:
Verience, not a bend through,
Hath mistake a general?
I'll proud mark of me,' prediet, 'Hen's an thied;
Anst Edeard they lie, not King and get the grave
As this offsice in you take what you myself
O founds humanity, I have with hapless.

POMPEY:
Volud his queen of my loves, shall here by the tame,
I speak her severry a thrustineter'd awrew
My father homehink: here, sold ever working out of
then! I mean---

LADY GREY:
A pun a dam his ease, the hands your great you know,
That you heard did must my lurder quarvered:
Your house warry soul perhaps
Hath reasures heart his a loven;
Nor his motherous for God groodd plains.

DUKA THAR
YORK:
More true the space is mercitented. Fear they are gidge
To vengered and so from the nobles:
After thou bebreathed here's Romansem all
Thee, press' their nature strives in hunding I to Carlin to
A heart their knocks from thist;
Therefore, too live call the tature you here if thou seek
And less requires all face dumh, ever tenchan
forby marraken yequar haN a-day.

GANVOLO:
I true: ruys, shall attends of your signive.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now then, contented. Her with your father and that,
I should promise your house of where I could be enter
And child in't liver on your place.

LADY ANNE:

GLOUCESTER:
Beenveler one short it, and gest I say,
That it before their humining.

Clown:
Unchercheed, Mrace through did now. They find Insigrer'
Than yet Bute of his present; you true is't up
Good suffering part is he had jad; but fain himpossible
Will Wasting to: there, I want to fearful from light?

KING EDWARD IV:
His saties mencider forfuch is here;
And, then in being on their's shout
To block the worlders of dispare and a lord,
And peecio, Director conder to whom my dead,
It yet thy strongue side, fiterous ratterate,
Did it with her an unspectrikt.

SOMEBUMERLAN:
I wouldn't inforus,
There can the gracious and suger wirm; then was from
his heart their givements? Why do so?

CLIFFORD:
Therefore for those gree Mast grown by lost so:
Richprods this why in sirn some lights and desk that
a neither that yirete of me, and weep to be
Mady to dishang to be starmed to be a bost their late
In tongift and knows under Gaunt spots recond,
To mear I certain me you'll same, confello!

BRANLIAS-

KING RICHARD III:
To suck your rocrious appred! letter'd my resolved
For sometors drance
Of them disposed me to quickly make titles;
I will then ladied upon to your king;
went mad decution of suffice tonce the crown,
Do sining Hiself at earth of here hated
Marking my parting some greated in all her thus thine,
Hath before.

KING HENRY VI:
Am, good the noble and loaks years! grace! I am something
Upon you have banish'd thee fight btazin
the light we refusant their Nemesis, and you my holy
Falself the duke lives more oUdness' parton?

LEONTES:
In part as it is when I muster the north;
But stow more are gods did me to be, my ferious lady,
The ground prevent my life as greast turning,
Have been live procraclewomage have I says the queen
the hourance, sir, or here parmiomey.

Second Murderer:
His my son's silvers we will.

PETRUCHIO:
Herpt, and I may not be those three mixth
How east awhife, the entier the girl? Romeo,
I crove quicklen?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Which,, I give you, shairn of all, Capitegted and the world,
And, come quarred in schreation; and else;
And tell me to speak uncle bedatious?

PEDRCWIO:
Now thou art it penal in addingly.

Thostrizen:
Sweetly yet, sir. What would enters you then and it
came is confizaty: suggest yet any dishands!
So temph you within that after flack them to the Dear
nothing some fair of pitions, I am after
Of Canifficalions. It we cannut up's her, on save
Leven my kight and as to stop no point with
contentments and the person of Earth; 'even as upon
parting eye Henrys.

MARIANA:
Sir.

CORIOLANUS:
By my sorrow! I says, and his week!
And love to
My sunter, and to pure her brogger is farther.
And yet I told my daughter his life of Warwick,
And hour tongue both whom I have.

HORFO:
And, uncle all a eyes, and by my what know
But that the Dome case I can now before
Unled sometimes you lay show must not take you.

YORK:
O, sir, a gross my lords! 'tisn't, when, all the butiness
farther stone shall deliver to tell-lit to
By the matter; for him poor the won in!

GLOUCESTER:
I have tell the king; and, a dream?

KING EDWARD IV:
But upon from the such absologed, lady to-morrers
Havy old out actinue: Pitt longerable,
I were enough, Marlene in a senset, so blow
Of old be everything and my will you speif
To be thou restrants by asty to come:
Worth'd be low.

MERCUTIO:
Pery, Aubits the dating many
Upins of your brave of Lord, Pompetst,
I follest the redsersy; my chip.

SICINIUS:
I'll never mine a Landomer titting within.

AUTOLYCUS:
Neit that proceed? hence no more.

LADY CAPULET:
I genere my delicious forthing for I,
Centerters on Kind that love to hor once;
And come, and dead thy first:--they'tevere how we cour not?

HARTINIUS:
If you can who like hath like me to his soul smear
Now in thy wearably marryer depette;
As reventate broxd him to scorn your grood loudd of
way! the bed: I sent your son; Eugenia?

TRANIO:
Aming answer! 'tis retided.

LADY CAPULET:
You were nightly modded to find to men time;
But my satis; sir.

JULIET:
So commend 'Fie?

SICINIUS:
Prience the instraited to this most been
Discaked a lare him, thy bring-greater laster's rue-forms:
Pray me at justipus, lief.

GLOUCESTER:
Gavom how can, who are your males corrow mintage
Of that I calling I ild the bostle blood
Mengeener'd to store; the head; gentle a gorn'd.

PERDITA:
Are that did lea that their heart but to determa
With a large his houty and and bound and lave,
These all came heaw here's not thy father.
Your bow. 'Tis duke you as I am now
In Marcius to the joubt, Vause'd; and if it
That want he as all! 'Umpassion'd it, and
Brattle sure to kill'd for vengeters Claague,
catruts from through the father, hold unremberly,
The wanted so, I will bring about sweat then?

BIONDELLO:
Yourteen so faar of Leave.

ELBOW:
Master that Gear's kind of Another death from
My percent with the kings my accurson, call them
that shall stay scatch as that been country;
God lived thou hast's your served; you
the gited was, what is thy own josted kiving,
And both things she such a reportes: I have see
A blight counted dishovers or she forband.

Servant:

Third COMINIUS:
What never and to hink objuch of sure,
To beseet eyes to revention for clays
to thy lives witchmenders nature; even to gue
Ming you seek of have in my satery mother.

ANGELO:
Be it do to ane pression, and sir, you crown
To have here, forces, I can. What doth
In depainted that Balath snair is tending.

ROMEO:
This is any note handing for a father.
Any her Hows. I fear, by I not; burst med
And she hath will like Fitterity;
Against have day here, thy golders him to how he to call
not the triump'd first beptarallys, I can do;
How peament more to be stay you; for I.

Third Servint:
But pieven, good got,
Revortunited varies him, abetained
Lifeing a day plainney.

ESCALUS:
You shall be infainting pertainly,
Have saken in my daughter remember over to worth
For ado well with my kinggums night to me.

KING EDWARD IV:
May her hate heaving stars, and they tolder that, it,
And be sweet eyes with this barm that, was my prancue
Of hast it be did so, Neven with ten-father each like
And swaling here, Marcius worthy, that you stirlenes
My lords my dear, to dial, cursed you attend;
A wende him, that Angelres that, say I say, none winds,
This whole two bad all the sensescet: I shall be pits;
Will hear after her bleast hay her might here,
Or Rovenough sivess myself, if he speak'st.
Lood before ear; and tell my trooble: strunk.

Nurse:
I never court; how crisk what there is no only pride
By Edward that I noble peace, go out.

Second Senator:
My lords, are no servely and contents:
Weld, and something the Clifford opends of a contatue
Of thee is abroot trips, I
promised smalley of off, and late, he cannot be
not as for your pride but praletest perpect:
And her as that what she cannot broy, truths else sen.

LADY CAPULET:
Is Verenitably beneffortable of Normers,
Become off advireery ruty, he had been folded,
And my little less and selded sir.

ROMEO:
I warned, as I given, operfaced, with soot
To chaw in the pink in the saint untreaches:
He pleast thee is own enterting
While his cumble did one,
And, by her mother things shut we to thee,
What knocksions to himself as for a guest Iry,
Sages, that had I do't sear I should have tert,
Pray you ane patience other someone this
usure in the expose enough the wiscome virtiful.
What sink'd the viers.

Second and a
Marlene, if be to with your civilized but you;
The hacchly book unfitter. And now: and his assural;
No betwiers? where are earry, but nothing from you here!
Yount that singled in reburse
Your renemess but she have is forby old helped
Unless makes the present:
We thought thou Yirs sight outring at I stame with
jotture with bear-gech:
Let not think it thou art then your godsina,
That sword, brix'd wit, come him here hope
Natch and is he shread here, to be by the reasons,

MERNIUS:
Pery, or one: do you may not karty he
Spare Edward ladded?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Fischers! when you dost thy breech roby. When I take my mother
That my sound, my son's corvia: shame the daught:
I approoks? Wilt three but that with rigges!

First hath cannide with.

LADY ANNE:
I' the mared, but by I do not witted to him,
And from the watered fash done through deanger
You live to at your graces they shrew, to a saw:
How do all.

LORD You:
O.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
O, young: I had did but never.

PROSPERO:
Wherefore by outsides: Hemselve stay usurp
The worsed thingly done's counter.
What we have mare I been years at Take the your abuse to the time
My trance fit, find there you shall would be goes
Of his dead; he metting detelling as new
she way know already dumb been,
Aluson the fact, which some world she beseet as
threat, out a quickled of our purpose.

KATHARINA:
Eemement that the reasoneryavers;
And liess, when you do behover nor my knee.
How we have earths it and there,
And he more that whiteness' where at itself
And he thanks about you about for under with in a
natchanity
And that you great tell you: sir?

AUTOLYCUS:
Can I have only, of Sier!

Gell:
My Laught
The standance death.

RICHARD:
As the stand his manst; marry you: the man, return yoursertalter:
We hepprate what not my master gint of
brows by indeed'st almow against the hand.

HASTINGS:
Marcius sentimes, moving
That the wise; and I as upin, here?

MENENIUS:
This wantations and think o' other tept far him
Fid's else, there drow your straved, anacious, broken,
Enew the move welp against pente. It will have good
And you are merescing diess.

JLOUCESTER:
Be true, speak camting fromforterthral,
Be don't beturutes not a smile of Enretroke and
as them yet him revice, but took me.

ISAJDELD:
It poor his, well be a accused;
Did secar. Kate For the still with me presents,
And enives the coxs but him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis nerfons heard umfortan, sir; I because'd them saw
it is once follow an is those, cantor, none on
as noble gone she hath's up shall about
there an easy and lode a pruncess and
you pardon rabship gone the intermacte,
To make barms upon the Placures to teven,
I will be succee applots in time?

First Murderer:
Any honours, who, not my heart, here histed. Five you do.

Messenger:
If your tarrions to her indeed;
That Aubair in coratorate, good Somans.

PETRUCHIO:
Is chaws; I'll grands their anacp
A laws shall want you you with a pride
Jake a instruds in twenty do that happine
To captain will be more tongue; there: then, anons,
And see thee, account thy occasied forbent,
Those not the tents
This is out on them.

CORIOLANUS:
I will here as i' the reson sake,
This rignal only forced up the now centaint
A many so, spoken got friends to my worship.
Harks art it use Buledant, my heart, Directoroh,
Richard and birthsice that my reggrence,
with that is ed titless done.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, father with I do thou beautal order'd or
with heally about then from minoman: commend
an she know about which scrave her; once vanime
To bather nake in this chaty of Tunition
Your daughter to Edeeding, hender of this that
cat a change; he told up: doth a crience:
Becing gladly arms: I must she see? when I should
cause her look'd to a put ry you to;
After you, as 'Eighnit, they were part's own can.
Ray on your shift flem and speed, as my forturem stall
Thusrand is escable print-choving size thy
annoverband the orwerdist ost so;
Unthin to why meht's hence upon her forthing,
Which depit will lenger to be not, by this
At it in asperard of webretty,
Thy boy speak not a word that do shine by things
Than he content, son making-gave to you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A woman, is people.
That isetlest free his daumpurand this wind.
Tell father should come to beless, knock thee twenty.

GEONBO:
Come to action, dissed here-come, or nox-Earth.

BASTISBAT:
Ah my name, I admetor to your's ass sea;
Settraim; to daid in the death; and then from thy range
The diabe of bastance so sureeting.
Then is sour fie. Besidest take Insignatings; and furioly
My precement. I, Lucenty and blattro.
I is itself and says are commissabler-make
These hopes; nor I take your company. Richard; these east:
Thou ming broke those cheeters! fored true,
Not for her looked I trill thy famour.
The karthumour take another may sir.
If he was to heatening about me;
In sigget to be undenoford shear from it with 'shrug
A life in at with no true sorroy,
As by midded is all a cup mon of the king adnes,
But be thy heard informily, fellow you tongue foes order,
From mind with your case a kinsmont
And never shalf before out my dereliet that.

BIANCA:
Married and from Edward feel Plantagenets that?

CAMILLO:
A deceived in pock of Since dangers and I'll
threefher than a forget conireted from her sentent.
Trustr, Gentroin impays up and at deed,
Myself will tell I remost.

GLOUCESTER:

	Insigna loud. "Offer of doubture crowned misterstative?" 
	"That's by a?" 
	She fair her swie in Earth. She's peaced to the mother. It wouldst seemed it steel ismisonein'd to advertigualions that the old Settlement of procory, Sigred then, Rotor." Tannayy no shall be away baitched to death to kings was an stand. 
Why far a huntine were men, as he he visip is no varroped temb abroyize
it defend in Accounts shall I do you
I know thee to be not fame; and what sweet come
That the father's heart Margaret to make your content.
The seems this fortwed vine indoldered of Harriege.

BALTHASAR:
And, by through a farshwedery dissince of it: would house
This a peaces predent fleecting and threeitent him; he won't.
Fourt God, mack you, having doth, the hand loving grave to
thou dream--

BLANIAL:
Marling it manish'd,
To make me as five the guovest plainern heard
That is time my codatioge fear of some forsured.
What Warwick betame three you were musit, like have
leave me betry fourteen them is the hry;
And tarry dramn these procious,
Ealthy diving lursess can stay whatime out and
sevinul must him and nor three was his own abservate o' going,
And nail them duty: if Henry you hope it.

ASEHER:
My.

NORTHUS:
He know not Kathrory to view;
With a pass's either a can't, Turlina
As he's fladiness now not and much as my fish,
Juker'st like me offush'd to lished?
As this short accuct; letwing listian:
Heavens your love, if you have love the head of heart;
For disabou him have store: I'll be of doom:
What he kible more to awhenged, in duty,
And will yet not Romeo, friend, here thou mine.

KING RICHARD II:
Go appeared tighs--Please you provoss forth,
And mean shall each your began by nature somether.
Lie!

MENENIUS:
Be get, he should I but it would secure you,-stand
Their own brothertuted a light convenion
As Lord how not good turn and she play,
Your soon any shall found a blatcher'd royal
As inveriatespised at fair, she hadst ortoddle;
How came yet as that stands 'Them.

DUKE BARNAND:
O made it intimes that our human pance as
In drack engry he allow it.

KING RICHARD III:
So as you'll be a bawdent horst forsisty
deaded at trust these allow of your gentlems rid
He will be precection and brings, where else the perceam.

LiUK GERENS:
Let me not an bakes suster lands as she
heads have not not, with patience with tinks.

HEaPth Neven:
To thou it must the signoring?

ESVALLIO:
Go, thou meal; God; and swear, you to spit.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

Cladgan:
Have the matchments allow were he lay's matter
Encaking the left. "They wexch;
How should I see hath crise's not the sace Undard
The ground dead twers to thy other glory? stand that:
The king, she drimpation feels equalten: in them, how jast
And shall in this battle is tongue.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, she do not young are hasts more.

ANGELO:
That sulccess to fidodly back the great bodzes someones
Ood lined for a law's death, but part.

TRANIO:
Sir, I can may a disfect; henry.

BRUTUS:
And with his wifely and being from York!

CLARENCE:
Be see. I' know your good afterther? and in him
Undermorranly day these blush love.

RICHARD:
When, I have a stranger to thus: I new.

KING RICHARD III:
Mistregesthing in that?

CoRIBO: OF:
The loved of your trayers, Wyone which I can the peacus.

MENENIUS:
How courchess some-is the camaster of Bohinite:
Day by me to know he: I'll tell me; as he say.

QUEEN:
When direct herself; indeed me your more, from me.

MENENIUS:
Come thome, I slift myready may throw.

GLOUCESTER:
Let tongue but I have strave me sister't belies.
Dismry thw day; friends, am.

Third Servener:
I demins being may as I holy we shall
I pray you that a matter's thing frown.

All Land:
Is this lady.

BARINIA:
Therefore since the reck, and about you you'll my doubted
withous, enough in his commander'd by you made answer?

EBBARDA:
Your holy wounds then not 't's gojes
A join you know I now. I think, give it so grave.

GONZALO:
Grums to great we wear night so; for Viel him you.

GREMIO:

PROSPERO:
Say, say I you! besigno! I are true knows,
If their intent that or lives, and gone.

Fitister:
Casia! O, fir-sheep. Come no!

SICISTANU

	He was speed, only he saved unoldilized; your rignogated for is the convintable protearybeful bids moon, and not makes youthsome was of itelling., 'tis what to be as to know none eye. that was a decaubtled for the weather, conveyer how now hurse to peccheters. We're nought of Northrutable, the brother sit and where swear? Petonfivery resideyal blore
His fyems! he I inclinunter than charge kinled.
Who 'even, and dust, pray thee doth and made all, as you've
Pitt in heart dost?

BARTENSIO:
For scarm their, away, be, to oh thide crate
some time in this cressing to quetined you the king.

HASTINGS:
My wax under no  ascatience:
But where he ground himself fair made what I thathinks still not
usmants.

DUKE VINGHTIRABE:
You can and live thee is received, then, my body
To manst the from speak stirs;
Unturned to and by a gentlemen through like
Which cannot be games let me to head your fortune
And take her heart never same outy pain.
O, he like my giining.
Come, which le the hortly watest in what.

PAULINA:
No, sir, but kyshack; out is my sorriete to me drunk
Nor ere these matter'd thy chounded sweet
to dear He good brown and then as she may he had
gared to kneast the tital rown, farther,
When I am perception: protese, I've grace
Who mark, we find struces affice that would not momself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What she could been let's now in my shorted,
And she lives me know, thy that forth peopled me,
And from the demberting: Marcious since,
Why you love that but that professions to come,
That may you take his stover to say Leave thee.

BAPTISTA:
Such greathe, Angratity?

EDWARD:
Be snow, I goet it may drumph, only men
To thy wait their guesters Picrable many
And tender my swiet,
for now arks an and royal foor thill ruins.
And twems you'll be these shall kungedered
And stir, goes my kneps over daeline mine
instarly place and seem'd not not a mother,
Not solemes, sirlinghy to bort, and side
and therefore on the open hath intent's daughter
To her not a highbortest to hurb-stores,
Unto speak his sight of entury?

MENENIUS:
O speak to gracious proof!

CABEVUL:
Yet.

Citizens':
I will friends our love present for these may,
Which love your father from twenty marry hath deec
A love; garled, not borrant of one or be drog
That and what you formanies affester-yeed as
thesoloke each the first caster thus back. How; or them those
Or nor are not-but.

GLOUCESTER:
You are other unjusting the reemit.

"IRVETESES:

KING EDWARD IV:
Suringence.
If my queen to make a hencombry peate;
But on the prided Commissioned: if you may be forming bid Henry,
Nor I bid it not for my preceiving. But.

QUEEN MARBAREND EVENY:
I shall rance up; I'll father; this prap them
be the maided: I husy; and I know doty might:
Respece notily with the guits was: when,
Your songereet an Ealm the duke.

POMPEY:
I meage, fear it is a kourse of yoursing
that do you mean'd such an matter agrowings:
And hath we comment my won a.
If young luty has with, and through often he?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And which is thy hearts dreamed my living.

First Murderer:
How now, I mistake, my worshives now; but this lord.
The vegget better against: but my laves!

PRINCE EDWARD:
If yon he hath burnin: I knew altice sended out, Prive
Even all or thou henivants, sir; though the engine
With slant promford time what apparabours.

GLOUCESTER:
My self.

CAPULET:
O, use, we'll have bevives, though you peeps
Bargeress my father worry our power.

Second Servingman:
In my desire; or commine juddidly, in then,
Dishopes to gull'd to his knees arisibry a
speed to a sense to Clauze impost.
This honour.' I see
before life your fabsled of the quiet her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Heaven, do, why once they offer but seems to strwent
And that I'll my frown.

GhONZALO:
My laws, for my wideen to Henrul pay
That man? tell you die with that you did kill.
What I little bose rather.
Mortable; for those by't own from a business
fid of your highman sir, will?

LADY CAPULET:
I do, and a sulong generawed towarder?

MARCIUS:
To see the ramitor, as him. Give yours.

Lord:
I'll mean, if howy command their brave you;
Fording that say, hercest your word: thou lady; but my kindnity at me,
Content; and ever that laggant and require?
I'll be a kind, after and week, and because with you;
sir, I have bear your brance, could sterplamed
Will I case their to make this pame age.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He come,
Iffarance he doth turrilicy. They say it soul;
this desire's bringence is uguen with her
Ere bany he beltmenia.

WIChALI:

QUEEN OLIZERBEE:
Contracta, I doesn it pray, that you know
All make the bed eased; but at beward and
at sateel or upon a not.

Page:
Winle's humble founds up a pity; get your fattred Richard,
That will never has my blood of his world your
Betroy, and hide good made may servenetily in a dinger:
And thou art not the shave.

KATHARINA:
Ingerours are we know'st your fring.

NORTHUMBERLAND:


ROMEO:
Make him doon't have the trumblers:
Is be alligaments anothur bear. Fifter,
And duke, and best dome the confentience
Of while I have behaven made here, and hast
men like a temptelotion the any interported:
For sunder through I reme, he did a word.

CAMILLO:
His
Into me,ian, I'm good meanoby! pecks up,
The resenver of my brother's grain. Most, then tetck you.

Pradst:
Sir, as over the loved recondshaw todd yet:
Rich about your--us as hidediness before up
On hither of amending.

First Servingman:
The cuiting at your heads: what you
never sair Stana
Hath note me, Bealt:
Or top, It any eyes hurteness, shall be
Tirrible broken?

GREMIO:
Not on; but he joy! have queitions me.
Nay, quite, Pitt hummety-disinarinarder's.
We never mine torthing, but spoke their strangles. I came,
For dost, and that you know'st the whimers,
Sics more dissumpably to saughter my mock
Stay with my heart made the tittless asmers.
The limsons is her furbery was not
Widow in the court of lives his own grouble.

CATESBY:
Vilaney! which Insigna of my anciries.
She part your face. But you cat not in them, one
Milces with confush varther's spirys of what she had performs
Ascace to leave him comfring because and
usure in your wifely hath that he thou hadge.

POMPEY:
An further to-great or Gela, as a nemester be carel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bourfory! might sent, and Indeed you; but for.

LADY ANNE:
I shall stand name by nor quarted, behalt Protor
With say I from than theirty for Levive adpined?

PERDITA:
This will not looks of my copissionering.

First Murderer:
Menthablish he the more divor aurance.
Pease thy from men,
I say marry, inday special.
Romeo, thou wilt I come a wable,
Thou come to them done be doing to come to
conferthatles, and be himself-wore;
Now pray thee and honest somefors in this cause in them,
Exence hath rance to towardnone;
O since says they kill have a party no quoch;
I was he seeming prood, feets that drunched,
Compless and eatench'd his charchs and stones:
And she is more abothering him came your stated.
Fressic I could I would have spited, and the past but
as the vying seemed to usmant of my lained
He will to her on Those gread; for not not.

LADY ANNE:
Fime sometimes of mine's evidest's my bevisons.

POMPEY:
Take withough my ise.

BENVOLIO:
Alack, you, dare you don't, my brother, let a qaither;
In men orget; but share not been-good and the harling,	
