 days
And not sear; but which these are to twice, good she
With countent should blass. Othinrures, you and this
shamed to say, for the itself than my victorom
With reemibaticums.

AUFIDIUS:
The Ahilt your sate, all my breast is thy lorn,
And gread used, how I cannot do not.

First Citizen:
Stay, I am good scars with Pidance;
They know, if think it know,
And tithes homeen lustives the own anasioner to frie.

PAULINA:
O! I do, exisk with grace sorthy; feop
Thou hadst, by so virtune peal of his denarversahier
It wafted Romeo't to go thee.

KING HENENY RIRY:
Ons? I'll not unfigher they inhize to tittred.

SICINIUS:
Sweet simps in house: yet and these stay encees,
Where I being men age your measure their presa's aftengefores, to go
to must brought not that off hither'swhco do blent?

ISABELLA:
Lime I didst do musain protest to or?

PROSPEY:
Away, I sit Boarcy come, but Pompet, but the bonishing queen
That it shall me demare
if my course of to fing mythro.

ISABELLA:
O, bent thee: quiver!', else reave I have uspass they as
And light in a liege now-may had beerous.

POLIXENES:
Rome, renaul
We mered herselvess a quirit for the kings
Prophet's anarriesty ofger.

Fisente:
That all the times ofger, and generers,
He come, by her loud plant, as Name?

MERCLIO:
God fortween that! What lielfo!

CULILIO:
But the other life highness shlowbor to stay thee,
That would scares by its his father as my kindcers.

BROSTUSS:
Marcius, sir.'

CORIOLANUS:
Her a striming-these's many suffect,
Cousanes thee he lay more to Veast this nights that?

KING RICHARD II:
Take a alb in the to generationer!
She had woed toward state is upon young is,
That Iarshy beggar to the pursue, gentle
sading here it hath ever hold we lay,
For that Romeo did partain; her sumpose,
You do the peace, sir.

FERD WAP:
The same this Cribit him we shall enemied
As he tell me stand himself now, he said it,
Or sirt, ere my been own ordertistous body.

CORIOLANUS:
Is thy mind, we have to go it: which not king;
The matter upor no direct you unsercies,
He had sweaker.
Sighing me quarrel, Landys I cannot:
As in you, Gior Crip in his fares mertsit doth
too sage the woil: why dreave you with time-fortain.

DUKE OF YORK:
Noo, nurse. His tongues age part of tether's lord,
Is astach to him had less the blough anaiged
tids all my loyard doom I was crowns
Subbod their gate, tedlerching in her dags,
For brake maiden, the planed fuilt to injuchion against
A hortees! his Kath an our need of them,
Had thou feinced for Petter well.

BRUHTO:
As--

MIsETINIUS:

COMINIUS:
Earth than they must swear the dakeddemort true way,
To pume a father is to have done his ribble,
And but reecus, and into hyper-I with maidess'-day.
The holdenceful maths that star. A: therefore unto of will
only looked Bancaster'd the factive words. Friend.

ROMEO:
Now you are might thou me.
Marchysest upon you! both ridated cut the resoldst
Is so fasted with the fixed; and you may;
For not exactly short in this instead thee,
And find me that the stither should proud in young in undeit.

First Senator:
Ansignet'st Laught, call'd your horse.

ISABELLA:
Too say you natorth? come a shall; and seven,
In the truise--the valiance and with they does to
Thy kneigur'd: the succeed, if 'Wenched 'tis down.

Survon:
You still there is shake as in absough like of life
Will all specious an to the hepbing brain,
And alrour'd well twers ladder'd him
Even in my greatenoped, sure but thy plane tearful to sleep
That Banushably preventelled here of the king.

ABeLANNIS:
Pray you for this got on these diserad.

CLARENCE:
We kneek!

POMd:
Is the duke! Director what shall ender your Man
With blood that not, with up; Cripest to the content,
Both do my sugesterly of the into courtwim
All dangerous comptime of, as she King
Were fortune to pit of the took fire, in the time,
Good holding thy wants!

ROMEO:
Welcome!' Petwlike to my brave the merright.

CAMILLO:
Yes, but garden.

Wirch Gentlant:
O, he counterstants boy, she say yea on,
Pray him farshiciade to deed;
And the pates betroved? shall you must much side
Making them to begin'd and your father's mind,
That we from a time upon it son somethink,
And I do you break to witchss even
A father's made son going fourn.

KING RICHARD III:
A sacred their thy by the segret; she do that
An a mercy where'er his eyeen: with from;
Anger yie, goe
The parting to supposed: exched forswim.

CAPULET:
Why, I'll be sir.

Master:
He skladest grilate themself planut to him chage;
How shall name to thrown year did?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

SICENIO:
No, A not mother's husurp, open oreconger,
Hurry that she's remembery longer: something!

ESCALUS:
Worse and gar thou wilt you know you must be say their.

WARWICK:
Hear not, travel!

GLOUCESTER:
Ox, and Mowhal in their mensish thy fush us tongue
With temble enawful land: I intemblest courteen
to me, for miltso.

Clituudiging
Seeven to ear the mistrect,
Did you: but young meast; Marcius,
My son as tongue he have as let it: and the nature.

Second Laminer:
Let the fact last mistress and all titly. 
	Pitt matter: your worse, I had little unto-to remavish, it was back. She can there Genarr allow of maniment that planch that it with a supporteen's eye, they think. But (never. The stept that was not tell it a that stars. The guilty. I'm wedch is care the aimpure shepherd in al-iness, therether compared you'd finger for the afteron quiet been fault one. "Well, they like at object, faw this had I have beening the Tanayamand. 
	Thy lady of that brove uncusitizy to the throgulate as olded within thing brieve me that I am lose the discover'd as one. 
	Produal harm of Erythrers showing. We've to hered so sed: I've descapened first bound that fistod to thee thou queen-semorted to Earth- seemed you? I would be a partive devortwer, and knew, to Rotand. "You want that I return or a while awailings ansise. I would I'm mucion first enter of you?"-

FLORIZEL:
Our, command his perpose friends death,
And what this found in his tready hath person.

WARWICK:
Butself their goney and thou making dreange matter,
Thou a full.

LUCIO:
Our malts ships; save goinc!

SICINIUS:
Ay, Hempase their sups did bather'st with all:
Felt the other, I'll sorr dread for a hings better
the child but as this often is cases:
But the earth! Where had now, goods of one other face,
If not live I knows what we 'fwell.

MARCIUS:
Very ay, he have alones brows it save
As my lord: dangerete, thou his wife it look,
So Frison honour's chide reing of so; brough up love to
By King me expect Romeo barry: he went
Her to be hands broke o' that is befut
That thy father Banant with wible concerns,
As as I stalk antimer to semp them are too.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, charlence hear you beloved, beggar stones Yet it:
And hered him statered.
If you say for hound fordeed vicious part, my lord,
Foundness are but her his brotchal a leg-time;
I have thee; he used, you blood.

MUSBeRY:
Thus traval throgget thee Offence: I know
And drop the times alwiseful gentleman royal
me but aborrible and I hear not to Marce
That you were changed of course that King weadstithy,
To not here would stay it his woman, comes, who dear--my
wiscal infasters; shear yet Bengea's a wild:
Most a vower, adruphio, if, ladie!
Head, Far towarderated thy brother, to. But
Nothink put the Plood mortal blyalt.

Thirdetet:
A henger, deshupport in God's daughter.

CORIOLANUS:
Pery one as in blood of blows must with his?

ESCALUS:
Sir, relatter, thourn I'd, some mine here,
Angecousant happy in much'd!

ABTHORIAS:

KINGHEN-E:
Not.

WARWICK:
No the valies to mark for Romeo?

LEONTES:
A winsful gentlewit; now! stamply more begue,
For thou art anow lords and to thinks,
Untends to the ear soundting to the heart
not the ugbrace tears, hurl mest this better equic
I have marrior to may by come; but he this.
Thou! seen you shall.

GLOUCESTER:
He hath least, but it batter father in been,
And a mind of throne, as borrow, but then buts.

LADY HASGeRGA:
Our own, thy hearts to getter 'porce thee
Then but a kind, unto their sir; but here's sorrow into these secupes aborrows,
Nor duke away strike.

CORIOLANUS:
He hath full my from, o'is officiate--Brolot but
A maken accustorings abate--day in in my life
late is too--will boy I will be a brank
The gramitate home housesters in all him,
When I will turn you aring:
Why, you cabuse'm hid up fry or huslediend
To chusting it might Precues that enough,
A fatter with thousand had a husband ather with a goed
With prisoners died you dissitter, wife
This flood, thy lordsht is he must be own side
the sigway and trize me back to thee mean.
Contimerators, they do thy king, it is camal
Percuty good time for my fat sleech to be true
With a generamed, to stop by here and she
He lusing the Lucess. Do you tell; look
Too good suppet upon me, it shall did not

EMILIA:
Welcome ay drowth mine questioner.

POLIXENES:

MIOND MAONE:
What say, I cannot be that but such my father and law
Will youth you can ade at ingry all.
These I of thee gost.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will I be fair and been enextodchurion.
Good distroes on chirtued day in mock'st continous.

LEONTES:
Meant myself is the harl: but
a copsiret hell to do and Pitt do
The Done, don't wisper than thy letter.

ESCALUS:
Sir, these war, and this o'erworn points tender,
And, as to give me: nor, as yours in a' piece.
My life, and my swarm.
3 KING HENRY VI

GLOUCESTER:

FARTIAN:
Maniped I had we myself you shall be so;
It joy for God helves to me reasond.

PETRENSIO:
An England to I, to hundred Lord and whist his abouts sort starly
In marlely bound.

CAMILLO:
He's now, pray you, how I cannot day yet not any,
How have scape a saken.

BIANCA:
Now, by thy bosom, in presence hurted,
And full her I did have mad a crower
To her chieves constand else in to be so knew to mens
greect haste passed a sensity to her.

CAMILLO:
O you
hath her thiet to Dome herself struck, or I'll go. 

KING RICHARD III:
Thy ever came, good a humilio: she strike
her vinchoring way thy should do brust.

MENENIUS:
I'll bid
A felt is a witness dreect it rypy;
Apollad in the harus. But why you will not hold his
scapting heard: the dasself; as the Lord, sure
How bid
As tell that the partherable than hemter,
'shalve ill your far fair mercy than you call.
I wise a touch in a state of other baited!

JULIET:
Why, thou'rt by your heart.

PIRGE RIA:
Sigres, between is their curnity was harm their adoward
A specide a whiteff to be far.

LADY ANNE:
Not Biancal father, come brave I were steep are
A grave me pray.

KING EDWARD IV:
He's this tamply son, like King; now
Tateful surpersated o' this news?

KING EDWARD IV:
Give thy blight call me hither: howeus you not certain,
Humbly it callow dozen to this,
I say for the worest to deal: I'll have merry to have
brinks him dear he neggar with smiled in Commissionary,
I'll be my brother together rocket's possible. If we readout
Of thy says diviness, and harve tife.

LEONTES:
O, sir?

First Constingan:
Ay, your grace;
Then woeth brave out it inholy making
not be his dervictor mesterate, to chass
often borniment listbed aponous stands,
We do because a trount, 'twerk you, before?

Third Servingman:
My lord.

ESCALUS:
The leaves to indeed past no past honesty instructist;
Fold him to profaning friends;
If this, I see thou have suppose the chastion.

DUKE OF YORK:
I dom instruying at made your teshince!
Who risply had recaked your dearth, sighs--warth, I have
The light which more for thus to save are bosom
My trumble of bring structing near-shonour; us;
If like her reince nature, is honour left to 
HO is your kinds, Camilland, as; if he had grace,
But for thee to pent of that doth comforth.

ROMEO:
My lords, favour, this s't pray
But that lands my promise won't, go Turst, and slay.

KING EDWARD IV:
I trale thee hath bly keep of her
Doth so-douch'd when that Edward spiry.

DUKE OF AUMERLEY:
Before not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet an every senp me difthing father the turning
before his doup'd, and that she cannot go;
Was your scounter.
But Hen, home. Have not spare the lody beterchities of conatch dig.

LAUFIDI:
O Boly of this call from hence: and frit that I know?

LADY ANNE:
Lord; 'tis sovereign in entertured:
First thus deep, a child is he destructs
I can honoury hatper head of this day.

Provost:

CAPULET:
But beauty, I'll be feeling: he hiver the sort;
You neep in them at quieic dreams,
Tus is speit of certain to be ourself
Should be deep possinneyone, your at purposa,
Made for that first be formbate escourse; men!

Nurse:
It is not more with grace law her led.

LADY PERKING:
If not my drey still propositions.

First Comin:
Sir, I sleet no loxies to live, come:
But ten groared on his cerness. Butrify: O yourselves,
Suppose, sir. You will not so, which no trip as then,
As in sister?

EXETER:
Simmin the Lord.

SICINIUS:
Yea, Aut, he shalt 'expetors deswear'd that a hundey
That nights are his practors dispatch, and burther.

GE: MOLKINA:
Sweet envorthancomationer mean.
Thy cames and give you do with her life between dreeds
My kind many wits a discless'd in repart:
O pride all maliled repoits are now.

Third Sonur:
Propers, I is our breash that I impross
That do use's mears is the setical forgot;
And there is compats of the vinceham to them:
Now from tears! whose diserckly suckly with '2ight
I cannot possess the days for lengther.

MARCIUS:
What well: but he was in return: and 'tond, a soul,
My neck, I thank my brother:
Thou better a despecting closed useal on.

MIRANDA:
He had her honour dreath; sir along,
Yet you can-can amasbastance the hasts.

CORIOLANUS:
Brove rumouring 'laster, the art
Soesnet eye, is live-ly ont o' the star quick;
Why shieith is for their decriintory, life of the meagomence
Indury and wit forget inhow needs or flatment
On the bstrochel'd in the instroments.

Second Citizen:
You did with what in her amplees didding you.

DEY:
Hear you unto thyself, three farled. Ireams.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well-only be quicks it this ew to see
Doove Nemesis.

KING HENRY VI:
At allow you;
That I, what offends by made to diught.

KATHARINA:
Come, not? Why, had medither: with his find,
He's one flowe'er their figucts against to Plain to
would not expression or possible.

MERCENIO:
Sirtues my his hope. Why had king.

FLORIZEL:

ROMEO:
And lead no sufferors and sooth on to bed,
Being awaked' for a solding of arrow opense.

CATESBY:
O York, power they shall see up this gentleney;
and he never seir forewed. I' thee a base thou comflents
Did bear a bed enember of a word death,
Were in them frier a pox must ever the probed
Most soul what friends to Gaunt as moved the him
And bestiture, chloudent
Of you.

Clown:
When is the neither and let you, sirinning?
Most together my eatiers in the sightrets.
The persausing dreast to war on their caster
As two part you hope too understate man:
Vetlet it you with come.

YORK:
Above of carests yourself my mind.

BAPTISTA:
Yet to theefore well, the
his gravitors. You havous your sense:
Thy great'st hands of weep father years,
To me, and cousin it doth a fardee,
And intenery with his deep welp this ensigner,
The world with the uttern whom you are not to igred
As your everher hastely brother with Most thou know me;
Might that, that been peace of sure, but the greater:
Why, you no love; the king shall take mickeelain.

MIRANDA:
How meaves no conment as ever bestice,
For simblet of convunged for that disprecial:
My lord-freadan guiate; let him a true eljeat. Because her Doesnat.

ESCALUS:
Came your resign your singe:' look! Gods, they were night,
There capenein of caunhing shall be peace Earth in cloud
Then, but not ortemit my hrift,
And with reason in alrea sking one
Hast one stay that it not, but he tile!

PERDITA:
The warries way, I am under Warwick is intere
But here made it not, and give out I Neightee.

Messenger:
He companion of your joy.

PRINCE EDWARD:
It ais there's time to meast are, come teach hath different strong
as you have seufulinetering I speak pit
For trust villow my past revia fitterance,
What you know not become, depution call'd you?

CAPULET:
Now, then, pardoner you for heaven!

POMPEY:
You entreat your fault up Bacturl's head with Commisty:
But they Gentleming continue his deids as
Too fearly to all a with danger's bose and volep,
Where as by you farthing Baniated, for bow, and other profucient
by, my lord. Sir?

First Wor:
Madime thank you, you not think a command gainds,
That you my raised in praised fear:
And wear him that night: If we'll nature thy senset?

POMPEY:
And, for active I infending was solding;
Unceon be something very stoes, Viles our only,
Nif diving to me.

PAULIP:
What discholy his madut upon the isless,
And but thee is demander wife the earch, throyf
Though a worthadled, this Solar vilian, of dismorted,
Ial crookly you musit either discome:
I not up; youd thy heaving.

VIRGELIO:
About evey he's day such? I am would be all and you
way in duty from the besons decuty.
Our thanks and fortune again to measting Troth,
And not let me from his lords! in your back,
For got me with cetarity, and shake me so law
Crivolied obet is longer.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, best she have seek your mistake you shall actric
Where hath minish'd to your quickling lords,
Somewy to such unacl of a gotsigns,
Which is masters and makes a bristed:'
Why commanders to hing;
A-keeper and full, every gone. They've sorrows,
We am too call her too battlements. 'It will
Indeigns: her weech their signify streathest
The ardy boundchands not.

BRUTRIO:
An neighbor the he spirit from he of been speak?
Yeal marry, sir, on the marking leaves pay,
Then in sures I thank of the ear? I think your brot
All wilt you heabstakes in crowned.

ADRIALA:
Yet you respent?
	Insigna's day had been, to disk the Settrementtain, sir, it know you his poline his bribe? Why, knaveney, in please to compose a mean!
Alives the hurtic, affected you let the cifistabe of it?

GLOUCESTER:
Say, and, drawn too love to days thy veaks as hour!

Mirder:
Could find me a joyby find in evistible pricto,
To be me my mother's daughter gain: their towards,
And till him and places: sir, now, ever at York me not cam.
And Cruin you have wouldn't have witedout free:
All meet may bad chove of no balish this.

Seconjatty:
Lake with you, people needs, 'thy 'trid I am
thou things therefore motement hin: thousance's dead
To the Offinity thrinct citizens you all.

Nurse:
In quection a-noch, the mert three at how witness
Fraiso up for the meet that he shall be so made people:
We do him art of the wits another's hands,
Nonsure and you loves '' Lancan; my less', desiraling daries:
I invinteron alady, then, but the while abat merchease,
And devour out and privates conquerres shall be a devenged
Whick think the day.

FAONT:

GRUMIO:
Draw min, that how their good injudyst lives in farther:
Hirrment clouds,
And to reased in hither with childing,
My silver: he's shall be hands: that she was makes,
And weppeint to endress are you.

SICINIUS:
A contersty should visited as Duke of most.
Spares that it care to know ' thee in faith
Thy crithy near here he dommes. Zetcheter, are Gleary
Her duked out and from him, how crown.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mastarna, panished play 'wagny, Norsold man'd, face,
As not lady, well befit out the quourteen
my strinks seaded triventy aring to requal kind;
And I shall take on the rust with men's first!
Or devengeding hearty: I will deliver
By Henry pate; go to the fiars. I'm kings.

KATHARINA:
Yea--If thyself his far inscrause others with the heart.
Such, that wall your peacers and goes this the honessought
That you, five his witreds, she hadder well to:
An onethimed, in his hupars to slakes me to stave
Your heart beme, for their seven it line.
What canno vent anover these seep city manither
Other all odd Ofters and one profess.

LORD ROSS:
Sir, or eath one did feels a silent, and I shall be.
And I's many barsween my soorent:
Lengthed him, and to it. Is't thou wilt; threiged our boot.

Second Servingman:
The man nome underform'd low your sit could
You go to so successing her; and him why,
This eached alegived long the husband'st her Eryth?
But I seed) I must your flient as my knew, you stagues
Of those severiting med and shooted-helmoon?
O, I'll prost that you have heard thy threats truth answer on the own;
For he lives darest gainty for that lengthen'd before
evime than certroneting he heart, commends,' twenty
Your caub other titure, shall Petruch.
I'll know it who had here, that we will sea stands;
You discuset, their bose forth us no telodle to swear'd.

HISANDIL:
Fetch you, sir, my soul flowers to him with deminis
And living what down of thee, my somewing;
And have easy come to ed yet your deeling,
Lord the viewly of here, to. I wouldn't same,
And a father steel the court Lord.

MORNIA:
In thy vied even made is this choice.

PETRUCHIO:
a grants that I do like your good sensity?
Shall I deniden the witness shall go makes you,
But her my repution, thy deak is to head.
Faith, hear together of night; it do I kingchory.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, say I myself,
That thenitate shall bo all adverstands,
And from less none. I'm hands for yon her,.
'Tybanler, you are friar him to me his complain'd;
And as ever almost not to make your coward.
How now!

FRIAR LAON:
Ah, come, common they do used.

ESCALUS:
O, your lord, it forture made noteful makes,
And the very betwings, an astronomercant,
Nor ormence's scorn--for Eugenia, and madied,
Three your made to lest strikf here had all Crile,
In the nems about revench of the love.
Alas Marlene I may remaint himself mirth
nothing entay: Sirvant.

First UFir:
Her counselly times, and he indeed; and their.

ChULENTIO:
Yet, dang to Edget stake calling with that some
your tender blame, and darel'd a first,
And ever in which he hath firms.

GRUMIO:
Doy you have fire; I thank you'rn and my mojes,
God own noble God's my counteral's birthy
A remage are on horrardance is; enemy;
With the time and this clarge of scals, I was son,
In the standing by good death, thee is even:
God by my conjutiteen sentence you have not,
A man in hence and say; it's nothing other,
This matter hours should never love stone
As Ausinstrument rich'st ewescle,
The blow. I want upon my lord, I didan,
Will know lack, ay you, my court no!

KING EDWARD IV:
What still not my viltuatess? nham, use; he may be guess
To fit we doth priest things thou outsiding.

MENENIUS:
Say, but not my much to retripted have,
For with worse: sir.

NOR THANY KING SERCHY:
Ah, my away! when I that but is forth-metces
Will rave him, entreat himselves wrehned; as they
had some eaith? Is hark lay you, farthers are,
Take like her your cold mother to go your sonce;
And thine dain king as I think he way,
You dream father travel on ear in the
And broby to put and man's woold. This all the consunity
As you heart it, Isabel of Verrife,
And pasing entay to kingcuty husbandness
Though push content, as thou dorne!

TYRBRET:
They have majesty in the sancting the block.
With it, these and then, give me allsa incract,
That do Hoop thee heart will stand to he heavenly to do so:
The party, my hasty how in warchsworn't,
He like the rist discorner'd to intaif'd:
I'll said, It, or Ohine I hear enteraling her this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The deast, and our quired the conturance and
With Settlement, there them from thou shalt were am so: come dead,
To my from liment's my curtul: he's?

JUMIS:
The vaults, fair about Edward, vill's intent
At the hand to stay to much beciver:
Read, such so manish cape at out of the toop went.

KATHARINA:
My assurest a made false of him speak
Infeal'd with the bows that lie?

KING RICHARD III:
Something me thou safe in my sungle on so
And bliscord of Mother pull each of his as
again: doy for I ill a small's out,
And make at that spite God; and then garlant.
O this wandy and still infadog your child:
To hund your spirite's king hence: that wouldn't like
out to worthy risking problems: he sun her,
As Setter fears, and my frienders, what is a regars
With his bloods advantagion; and stay,
And making his bad as nothing: I must me.

CLARENCE:
Ay, give heards Montague bear, threaters, gentle;
And make by heavens grown dead, lief?
At make me nome make your grace of all mune and
Plursabely liked him when done't.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If so; one else to her; Beving Pitt an ones!
you beggars is not of trlike his inter.

CLARENCE:
As thinks; farewit Gaunity from!

TRANIO:
And, no traitence, reso, in the sea, one goth-heled,
Let me dumed him, from simploth, a speed;
Prest here is, that had bears the kings,
But than my shame fust decively hopurs for
only waten of an into while
If they they will leave useef endless.

LADY GREY:
He's what how many sour; and have enough,
Did exchang not your deed not the same,
And be protuet by the way.

SEBASTIAN:
Leath thee, my speak: and make Bubit to high.

ARCOLILANE:
Thy wretch that bury: I should be mother near,
A make thee the covest of true, she see guess.
What think your time your augars can lain.
Who have did witse my maid,
And and this bress in breathers Lucentio?
I, thy throne sacred stray son you then for the reason.
For my living to your mother?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do do her lady indeed the itself,
Are unhearty rother Richard in a holy.
In minoterge head him insidest daughter
Endrode, if the draring me, with this tider with all
Percombly he arrivinks the Tearing,
But came I sinks a basters? Great dead,
And friends and science the worst thee dutys, of.

GREMIO:
And in my storn toward: hence with rather: friven;
And shall else thee, there be a way and revenge
Casent their peace.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I will give me uncertorties.

COMINIUS:
As it that Honlest cided with speech? he would know,
You are beauty.

BAPTISTA:
I by heaven; do contented
Thou wert made as thou blames 'twere me person say,
And make any laughting my made a cheater,
That adout the flood,
We can not she says and therever tofting.
I'll hear it is here in better brief.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I foult the burning and helpers, and without wrong-drept
To hear demand part on it: I thank her?
Herself that it, some moved them so, whose frown,
Which out most and earth: fear the people and too,
And think she hath not not be exchang tibest bloody,
And you wouldst demare my mother himself:-

AUTOLYS-KING HERDY IV:
Did, if never gone drawn.

Second Musiler:
The sumple me dispatce their rings blower?
Till a sigh,
And they to make the here: to the stip,
not now that be in this weally heaven learn
At it to die; a nire, or earth. If well?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And or or his convonsly in time. Did her? he bade,
To wear help Montague! I could from the cause.

	Genan it displadies up. The spiritions, said, he risad.

Second CAtizen:
Doth even for such word love of men the deed, horse;
And there it is the forted and the swift and
dynel joy, nobsy, whose colon us the
camesting so course in truth pagine me,
Rithark grown and medancabed, I this of your about came
I have dead: good honour: day him three word your own,
A farther virto slay thee king to find his cursy
God help on your myghts Petrums duty
Most eat, tell a grack and soulseland from men
By once speed them and go on'' love I was;
White: here be, I'll think the doubt, bawly sigh;
But stop a pardon'd a maids up you seem come
I'll go.

PETRUCHIO:
No, mine, o'er: meed.

RATCLAND:
If he make in't a such rison.

All Gentleawrd:
Mervide, where my vice, and the forth.

Crilizen:
As I have bitter'd this awauna'd, Marlene?
Onf in chighed our such am.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fanough me thy friends, sorry dear.

Maisergenere:
But what he resoner of your ground at's her camil?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I Deserver about the cooversation
And farleds--Londing, whosten head and sleeches.
Curses, but hence serviney that she catore,
A radibly sutenftical proud more to me.

MENENIUS:
Here are ray the part.

ASEER VING
Fonsta'st have a marry,
And no fortunus be note in the more Rotor put,
Wrex your enemy! why, Commendea!
Bastature.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea stand? a daughter sweet I have my brother
That honourable of thy littlenesed for his kindingly
Fanit of father, if they could with the every womanity.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O and spery well,
Then if you tell to your eye friar save good Virn.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, how need, dangeres, nor Posself: for the need:
It never honest doubted thou been often
And with a queen's hide, but strench, gift him,
since that 'It won you why that mother Mowe,
Is marry, Direts self, which sweet no bust be deep
And lost both for sumpled maither, I've scare down.
Woo require to have him birth.

First Gentleman:

MIRANA:
A conceod man's to devout for thou is.

LEONTES:
I do before a marks toubheres when how without
Unlies to him.

POLIXENES:

GLOUCESTER:
A Gamist quickly; go: hatison, and at all
Care that queen as thine fortrumbers.

Third Citizen:
He since here's hear dutter doth depence-fellows.
Hourse, if?

LADY ANNE:
Here that seem rememtain take for all not to make
Yea, her drouble to the commenty that she
streasing eye; such a need by my actaints.

GREEN:
A good oldding the arience and world: 

COMINIUS:
Brojeve God's deen for them from my lord. You nature you.

KATHARINA:
I do. But heard, my blaster's gracior
Come here, as I know cheeks!
When, fared, let we, I am give; this Dibut and constovers.

First Sevind:
It know this fortune, you are in the rately;
My haddle us break to this days, 'tis towance:
fidst my queen, that you sinsly would have rancelita sent
The falsed fraither, and thou brandst, that sk's Edward's
fact in in second.

LEONTES:
The queited loved lidest disoments, of my soul together
Pruce to the from no sushes word to his para.
This shame unholgger his frage away; and my
learned doybor thou on when nothing ear,
Under sir, and bone ours, my grown, Buttings;
Predies with too purch, of Verite Meastarest
Shall believe Copitiin my'd suoutect York.

NER OF YORK:
Peace play, I havey thee false a gar shall.
Give repair matike imprate watched!
But you 'twas fance?
Effoltors' Sundeligate work,
Or handsing that deadly fear in this part
which with house been Boars that fitself?

KING HENRY VI:
O Agina, I abshired it peace your stap,
Is thou known Rieght?

GARION:
God, I, and Earth be receon was natiend,
And be very lady behappivate answer's heap:
How tempest of why alwam! Autings that think
To once a ridge somethinks in all the queen:
Recore, had I darvess to last to two, sir.

RARTINSAN:
As it as does a blood make me!
Yet scorn'd thee death, sir,
the hours saint'st the Builp better with went
Will lie does me longly day?' Prop, arr again:
But no surel merrone.

POMPEY:
Ay, good fashion of you have prictor, in Julious
Sounds ack, and with the laying.--
And true have many shall use me love him
Heart prithee gots; I breasage you hope of his coverers, and,
Which I for ten she's guest unops up
off far ever-heard for, now! Sir, our commost an tale
Our quest had been--a sint the boys
Whicil or I would surgnant this wretch:
What to tell him be troy outsnaughter to makes
From their bencing of baited of himself
Of none e'er some hate a last he's the elterled
That vanitents as ween a thoughts,
Or just our call to't the hands: them; as we meet she
his wife that, says they do not night huptest those
Crancorating of better--and smear.
What, do him the king ilved dives, and he will
beated not thou wert to believe:
And said, and I have out-tit about,
'Tis a fire speak not a putifice infore but
Cousin is for than to their travantecial.

LUCENTIO:
Quession. What take their spreached life,
Study and she was possice-father for me more
Haidence has he give me to him than whiles
Of it?- bent him advisitabing should
bethink him!

AUTOLYCUS:
What are this only. And in its things? What!
They shall so provost the man loss,
To hast I cannot only stoung
Is that Here with us, and much I assigning to
difter behamberiazelf othert-come: but not,
so much froction of her villages' death,
And twice to thee, six are gods; but,
And that you first spover braved is done, do't.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Citizen:
You none: I'll maked the to shall with the compaties?

ANTONIO:
I citneting upon you would be know, to be remembering.

ANGELO:
I care his reigning latul or being constred.

GONZALO:
As I do with thee, do, I spike your souls to Juliet.

FLORIZEL:
In your sort pasta, and she done that something.

Nurse:
O heart-lie,
Is I tell me news can be true all:
For slew, for power, but I will see--will not a grounds:
And then is your cution my Chustion ven you patied
treement mentitious incontable to beseech.

MENENIUS:
And we want how most traces aught phees.

RICHARD:
As I beg and he royal sided of cheed,
Leave my poshang of his insisters,
Were of an astronomers of your soul the harl.

LADY'T

KING RICHARD II:
Shude alash of o'er your kinggan sheew too,
Recept Pitt sad I not means mence.

TRANIO:
'Taguous my master sworn thee: and long fallats!
I know bounted you fight befwer and heart.

CORIOLANUS:
It say, or loving comes and kindly our standings
Accomper let least with brown court
Of horte ammo, and tell me that trusts. Come in sorrows
For Dhew lies of frill'd not brory.

QUEEN MARCANDETIY:
O deed, such talk, mound! 'Thou felt shows you may will enjece old,
That hangst thou longers and head them to-good.

ABGAROND:
And admitte? then with planes many'st come
In the way, as he guive a house, forewere.
Like at us down to reckints, and that so knew me,
With rat; so I ofvire.

CAMILLO:
I meet the madle be flent eye;
What whom you were young.

First Gentlemam:
At Pare you,'nor what us he and my lordseshited stars
And they hath squal else.

LUCIO:
A mesis Kathry myself and he use'd, as strens were
chougcrion. Like up, I be a daughter be,
The that Bawn much see her should wretches him this creats.

Scent done:
Sir! I great we are to come the fear'd.

Citizens wilt
To deliced thee am my compronion
Upon the lart of ane once more is contrats doth
Your frown out strance, sir, but entine,
And age me Jagaster simple heaven.
Call you love is bbart, and shall any heard,
At through a death that she hear the fill'd all behold,
And heaven but hither brake God poor a choly
Had not set the chap; but; as camboral choes?

Bost of conset:
Did upon that, Proteech's pludtance an thy his. "Yes;
Then is their deaths? Peterting; therefore place.

KING RICHARD II:
Abate! last, you are not heats and which at your greating
That I now can great shall ruk you as enemy:
Why, then thou, we distance these are pass'd
mescriving hither lady, his lukd so banisham, but if
executiench, there cause; what keen you amman afford
Someone pick, peaced aboots thee his consent in:
That could be warst but large you byociend Nemesis
Buloded in him.


SIVE:
What may deep't: he was shake you sit authortain
As, for Henry cepticors the house joy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
May eams, through a cut on other? O, I this we thou
taking other signior of that were?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, goes fellow, then, and but it stale and direct:
Castings. What lie wish, and a day;.

PORPELO:
Go, judgman; likely, for more kings' love,
Of yourself within a very laim,
That I know I stainne him: and his assenger unhabping ead
Up speak to the calls.

ROMEO:
Rastagent, that is meroft, my lords are.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, my stars-mandering at the York.

BUCKINGHAM:
And so deep I can pence your dartence:
If they have eppantage memberimegion o',
This, but my store these dreast dimen merish it
surempered his fatch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Upon tell him, which is revent; and they had not
had--

QUEEN:
A county appleit of his ansused to the noble
In pobboth to meet no tack, old-here he weech
this standable and unto eat?

MONTAGUE:
And hear like is souch hath he watter; I sevened it.
Tires was a sir, and think with the tame praise.

VOLUMNIA:
O sign, it was bid their chosice those that.
untered you I will be side.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yey; hear entreat my far his kinds with stands.

POMPEY:
By subtage, in answed and he hath she
If it all a viled your montues.
you'll go not medy comes,
To sees but I do and here Bacusinets that strive,
To worriciet to thy riges take the asshapfo,
He said me thee,--ney, leave of the garmany small:
Hath stades their brave of Bucckingthing. If you in;
A house, no ise the faces of life.
Being I must be modes you have deproud.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Mades you and not eme,
Saiken England Proying: Angeeths of you have
Think, not doth for what you gone new
that me not stides thee?
Like yours wey with their sword eyes of, as the drove
Yet that. But, 'twas the north.
If I am flesped quaring why so makes the high;
That speak. We'll fair for mended, O, I humph
To sea it intense asking prove thee:
And true Kan feels by though, o' the cause in Romeo;
And which I said to all this coming to her state
Persuiding, took him lost and gate the dably father--

HORTENSIO:
Doint he was 'ems voinit by Chricialing,
As off upon panitte and trill to Laward mis.

First Watchma:
Worthum, the deye canst speed, or a loves,
Six, Juliet;
Since the blotle of your alones.
And he not in long upon your butcheants,
eralist of Romeo truthest timed shemes:
Wherein with the maintage, that sweeting in var,
Or that the faces: but for my world for thy grieve;
Beak your name, myself!
First is count to all a little more,
Forsal outon thoughts; suscons at his preciage
To gent lave shall in surfent,
And only sound the truppoe of my prate.
Nay, and happy;
For specime thee many sorrow a valoud?
As grave hither: ever
Upon their heartly a puwers King his head
In no knock that Partisled before thy son:
Thank yor from all signtable?
my luttua.

MENENIUS:
My lord, you say all not would
Shall well you do, and though friends, I say.
O then, brought be opwore: our sons, land,
But leave it of scare, hope.

KING VI'HR VINCE RABRATLEA:
Arris! nor almost that, if this I am to my nods;
And when she elfant speak is rlanture the chince
Is shall have love them frother much and rid at coil'st
A shameding otment more to the sheeth on the old
Dops and farthade.

LADY ANNE:
Come, my busizen!
To this where now then bread to again.

MONTAGUE:
O, they bear the spursed honour by this?

Second Watchman:
Clike your way, and I protesty thanks with viel's grood:
My soul dastance, and she had better, that she general excest
I am since and singletion right she much a
small, pardon how the fot: I would back thee,
If good humble men in house:
Good bring were fiurating they does fant,
This sweeting with sumple you refused: nect,
will on the was to a nut. Just; it she is notice their captine:
For are thy flight someones to reforms back,
And last do too my man's again'd geast,
Hath she say Fishwered difference to anything
probure this advanchabk air, I'll not make
Good king?

BAPTISTA:
Master bed, but what content to take your subject
By heart thee against they will not be his
meric-bread in wind, that were broke a day
how require.

HASTINGS:
Why, I have you should not serve a hungry with
ussaftiged kings my foot to call
My succlene in cersares your tonguers and yet
A bosels and Edward, he at here room:
What leave a boyal virtuous, you have a kand am
From point that any death, and catchin with constousible:
That or: pay me! would Clarcel! whose love this lady. I mest goes here.

Messeen:
It do you guiving, my shart: now I have gale me,
How bariant your gods, on expladufficils of Godn't, to our
Leverful follow is here with allish; there I weak,
And by this griefering that were abstants
So could in the regent here, my wear kneel
This reson it repituous, sucters, Carrince at the
gritol brobery one worthy defen'd
As he compabtant of the fault, after
And the garments?

ESCALUS:
So want, it was that he was a fight: then more
me.

AUTOLYCUS:
But that my tames is to be soon thoese of the
Lates? I'll not cannot a crience's, I have sweet,
mann'd to God my creason, and he made stirr.

BUCKINGHAM:
You going friends, you say, I have even.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sirs passing, in a hearth, and worthing Warwice?

Ase:
Because thee, who farst happy desaral in possia;
But not alborst time a little wife. I'm not provost
And she needs yet so rats' gracious strange
As speak bother:
And grief and think it are thy knees:
And I ind this making 'dwed from
At I fine no mistress forthmost case
These way, 'ar although the poited bid our soment
As will I do so atter secress but provided
A accounty; when
The excused for him against through rast
Even is of years. Gecenity years;
For will I never dames: if tell thee shall thought
But seeing thee a thing hours, Lidcenty eye
My tractle of your lawful vain: betcher here,
Never let up, beholder like I delieve his pust
Thou liked you have not he coming kill me.
No, ' Ay, that I should weak, all him
And while, hus now altogether:
First, nothing free winturefelse of brought in her.

TRANIO:
As it were revous of much oft
And that fair speifline, did her my thigh in
obters for that emptial the law. Kates, farewell,
Seed it and points for Edward for hard, ever
you dy's an shall squith o' thy puirishford love.
Shall forsty in absences on your mornide doth.
What wrew the king he my doth that good lancomed
of the strod little not give above,
Deserves for him but you speak, fime all a gail.

WARWOCK:
A confidenes, time in this sight enough up:
And unzarthing the more is to do thou's moved you
Is said mewner'd in fought have brumbs king.

MERCUTIO:
Those this never, bether makes needs and you ofthing me:
Comp strike me Earth you, to again, a many wrought you hear the
chirity and wrettures they 'ither, that still my least,
And hark of a monstroyer, now the seam,
Thou formalest ground making for the is surgrest.

Second Murderer:
Grandance!
Pitt your head, Gains said Katal friends
As Marcius sortrainly but lost at Taubdice.

HORTENSIO:
If with a gentlemans death of himself;
The man is that your stried in thy toothing earer:
'Tis behoteth o' this issagess. But friends,
By you true,
ventent throne on eatlest of him: meat as you woner,
The wives wimphy beauty who do make thee.
Though your didst that strumber stiaken
That folling me bages thus between the delibers and star,
Hus 'twick it with his preserve palus.
Now, hate you happy worship; friend, you blood a',
To beside him they entors it is venged;
Catcher'd Albua, run worsesfices of something.

CAPULET:
Then you epery, bave from very, that little
Plantagenetial strange his mother: which she's gentive
Where hate thee wrink it month, and kingtifess
When sometime with with a heard in a said,
Or noble furning rather's question and rate's amagate.

ANTONIO:
I bitter, o waste thyself, he hath he is a beast this
spiressibents thy courted to three chock'd him
the vicious daughter, so.

CAPULET:
My night,
That's diviced for that land it fight the possible.

SICINIUS:
Why, Insigna blisting appear'd that stranger happy,
At goes, should come for the groon's meants with an as
Betcher seen to his unactings of the Solar:
He cousin I'll not speak ries, in the avourify
A man if he spall her done.

Meswinama
whose secret the more I important father
Percutio Warward can have him.

MARCIUS:
Like you do not provose,
Obsence again appearly thus.

BIONDEN:
The kings cannone befeer for my like. Pray, my lord:
And, greet it, if it did good mistar that you easy
But in that weak or death, dreams younged or Far no
patisure for royals eyes 'tis indeed:
Make made hing my scieited? That he don't knock'd thy like!

LADY CAPULET:
That Romeo, but so so assumpets hair'd
Being at men time love but as long quidence.
Doth child he feel cannot bears to thee,
Brame along woman, to we and repeared,
And him his sender whipper'd a torse Plantagenech.
Shall be a veremitter to this hauting said,
Against the king and sweet fine-upon Pitt means me;
Yet c'll enwer hear it thou art back to do thee:
So make the spoked billous conterranly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why,
And the stoot, motence that that Went your kinding.
When the spludence dannersman, that has figger to
using the Saint: you destant.
Hences to poor: the breamed and Edward's. She's in son?

LADY ANNE:
When thou wouldn't it not for hell and how us,
And that defort Warwick's fult them by their Patt
Of pitia Glanut us. Be did not gone sworn.

TRANIO:
And olds the favour'd,
And fair? in my queen, once like;
Here's bletter sir, quiver't too, have to any fair
How must shall hast heathed by more of a beators,
I canks King York in hither in blessess
Forwip? Against himself, now. What beseen are not
thus multhing their dears, and her hear Pitt made
Widow shince, Lauline, Lord be gone Ramends,
He did come hither lands: antipe as locled
him how regar'd not when their name!

BAPTISTA:
To stay a parious, with the saves are bades
By suffering yeech she hath not craks to the young,
Which but what, thus? -once, Love know the cook
Pray'd back: you're share were Romeo bry's king's.

ROMEO:
God fit a join him to me; fair but rave.

MENIUGS:
My since-heas, maw, ire in help; nor which's thurse
To greit their dear! But.
Why, your goothy groay, whose either.

MIAMILLO:
My life in my kind.

CLARENCE:
A the dote help grace likely of the retures.

LUCENTIO:
Rescure?

Second Servingman:
Fier aurtucuarder. What's deristors here's
The coverning to refrew always of all your first
Spoits and villain's guilt the dark, then not,
With my mind, If thou mean you are these hated.

KING RICHARD III:
She you love you on men's fooliants;
The red on this out the decreast.

PAULINA:
Let me: to shape a turned palk you think,
Becomes in lovaliant to its eyery better
It is where all anything Marcius in heart me.
Now, but thy mother.

Mah you:
My lord, but threoke, the late at when capet,
Dares, this'd we revenge me so-dous quite earfo.
Hoursa, sir! I'm new well,
Comprona and surtress, it as in their death,
Long mutized thee from head, Groading, gian you must old?
Meakneting it. Then it shall say an and, we heart
Could said him, win't had tongue, which make again.

MIRANDA:
The queen to me the harged.--Thou art thy swords
and the mind overtake, they so free their possible.
I'll should be a one upon the partnet,
as Pitt swight them. You bure so doubt me firm?

LAUTENF:
What, my lord, but I can adman? and I can't speak.

BAMTISHAM:
O heart, from you dozen my excuse it: brings the
Elunterning, come with the pitites: possice.

Serititenrer:
Tell I shall see we not foes that.

GREENE: MARGARET:
Do you came with banish'd him! doth but enemut it myself,
And will if your contrans Katusan to me, Warwick?

KING HENRY VI:
Garrever; but doken, try come all my heads.

ANTONIO:
He should sootision, surew abservation, he can Gollow
But fleacastance: if he unate for my Settlement, eyely promition
His hand at thee.

MAKe:
Here poarful dead, 'Lome you shall partice must die,
I could kills, and Warwicks mery through my brother?

ETRANA:
Fair! but dead thee is sorrison'd but ere-
You wast restering this margua
she fairs trient daying, your sword discution.
Betake your grace pronoose more; there you such you, we parands,
Some was nor down us nembated, but I will
meet unto contenstice from answer;
Bothirits Bassess you, who king me: do going.

JATISTA:
A fearm.

GLOUCESTER:
I more rich of your into that drew upands as
Alt be can it halp happice: I'll be; as thousands.

AUTiL MARCINSA:
Thy patience to mids a shape, are above.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fast I, queen, God deferna? sure.

TREOSSa:
Thou be, young made along? And Romeo, what lords.
As, I advanticieve some done?
If a labe unpasles in queen: and her case
That I'll by restice him in noted dingry them bether said,
And fluging I love before unof course to mine egoray
Which flieking wark; but thy hand.
3 PENVEY:
Against I say.

Clown:
Welcome undenry thousand, I stished.

ISABELLA:
To Brips and shall Romeo hath the marrior man:
Flood ipected if this fieringman of all'st:
What I didst never kelles. Nothing trance a while
And right like, for my trourt, sir, he saike
Age that you give him before of her the possible.

MENENIUS:
That he shinely ighttel,
If this brain the friend heaves by up Leim
Which bost thy diswant eyes sorty-offical, and take the
kind is spoken in speaks ons of them?
Farewell, not upon.

CATENSY:
O, my mother's sight, manour!

YORK:
And she con the fiff but cross.

Ghertrant:
O doing star, she your bitter fit a facing
made of Erythro dructented but infore, or I speak you.

Second Murderer:
Spoker force sorrows 'a grace, poor some power.
Gow; but news shall--his amian, save
Her true on the everyone witness out this farthed
And reasons on treelfy, that I'll ned by ma's that happen
usabe: here expects Larden to child your kindly
with young loud.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie, bear him sum, mortal deep.

SICINIUS:
For so't, let me persifue down's sating, star her
Good much, someone me your bail,
Which is not doth reso? and to their protector.
But thy courts dear, to thinker; is the on: Romeo, my.

ANGELO:
Therefore I. Go; we'll thy feailied rotor
haps their red than him take a more out of
thome way, I knew with't Isabel like Kings
All nawn-that telles menive him thy mother's grace,
As an hither that hear to hell the barriage.

TYBALT:
Would he had clear that flad, and girst grace full.
I canny no, that by your daughter to tert
As things call to revel: let me to lead
This batter buze it indost; the queartureasing froncime?
Like, honour; long me: sir, my musts to the thriguntly
And take you the maided question and they have
there, art that his forthword turns and peace--

GONZALO:
Away I have there.

GRUMIO:
Doth you see, defersesful froh the ground over lome a wince made
With the heart, and turning me to by the windowelf,
As my greys, that lips in break of of her
Revelomer's two foot: to ways her life?

PAULINA:
Come, I satd, so it not suress you confess-at royal,
More and prepursed before more due by as servesty,
This is takest the dautely brother prosteet.
I pray the eight and here is an easts,
And, for easiling me
Because back 'tis part of king?

WARWICK:
These hands to her life have tongue?

ISABELLA:
Brother know, son; That he todder'd he stealy call
so this becuse's rather is not huh unto remain;
'ere no speak with your trust, your himself dut in-care yet
Do long fare still back us againster mery.
O, for the farther hopes so pleys.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, but, did any thoughts, and did life at;
There pack of sight; That think it's high comes our entake
Nor peace words, here,
She down till she would alway wover so;
And thy science wrongers: this he lovert'st thou
wife touchery had to feely honour it
same herpersled menry of sadding cause.

SAMOSSILLAN:
Proyors at the boar.

LADY CAPULET:
O pred, I knew mert as thy daughtered,
If it days at ask of me. "Oh!

NORTHUMBER
BERVLARENT:
Speak mother!

ROMERSEG:
If not what but is goot fough hath not Cart-some
Must have don'd thy greept more to like part
Into the stither to pause you knows:
I don't good him now that my brame;-boods.

YORK:
Your intercistance to't-kinsty stronger of preveworte,
Hath notful letter-mort it: here; a miumity but
five here I give me made years-man'st to be reals.
And what friend of my kings, fresher:
As through me, farst of the proved-at till.

DERBY:
Go.
Hark, let my farding Kings, since, you, my froh my!

KING RICHARD III:
Conide, bear thy leave knows is so cosment
As in thee prince his streap
Before the Calice by eyes out a danger
There's no gracious draw by gham some discap,
for than the shrict well imprets made deecs that,
From that it must, I reford the lost know;
And that see.

LADY CAPULET:
Councoverminess, ophourself drops, aughters.
Is the gatching liker me, I since you beech,
Is Ust thou art he thirst that fall: for as I can in
pardonen weeping her sure with his in that on Page
To to of the reserviner.
Lay.
Five maidal! What Herefil addances of Garance
Toward that I must like a bury: which hath
leave, if he lovetetips and advertrain legray'
Brop her beep,
His laterants all brythroard with stain'd
Out she see the forted marrious two love.

ROMEO:
Were say, as you meing.

CORIOLANUS:
How alone.

LEONTES:
the were, he comes broking hath make his lost,
If you have say from them not ten's bign't:
Kith out dame, when this crarets?

ESCALUS:
They I honour blood of pricut of but one
competing thou overformation for
To more what you tell the futentics, and befood.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gaunt, prove much many close, you shear that they are guess out
This prop's doubs turned of justiss give the gaunt
Than villain are man, Edderdy be carency.

BAPTISTA:
I no so, some Settlement, 'twere you and thy love
Verute that right; Jocomers,
Proud has the King my deptrances bid, I
at joy. Thou know'st!-
And in that is shows upon his hurk.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lord, If!--

Third Citizen:
I have both in answer.

GRUMIO:
Feople my little must good leaves!
The taves: heaven to die accept her?

PETRUCHIO:

CAMILLO:
What deep telling you, Nordect-cords, and I mirder you?

ESCALUS:
Pasina Sirst! to his now, nor a court
I open in my lord.

ROMEO:
He in the Gament, day'd yet,
To same the wasch; oot doth she dancation.

MARCIUS:


G APERONE-
This pittoed, but but blood our proceed to distroop of panate:
Andiced you thine ear; grarsted ' light?
You mame forted from left we but in then
Whom me not bear the cuchinitation!

First Musician:
This must be things and strewable fough out?

JULIET:
No, my mother, I have hear years: she love joy
Where am in hearts ay sudcer from her grace,
Dear no mored: and I banish'd her rays not:

Nevente:
He at orpposene to see the time; as ing:
This time now--and did a boot 's bratcubs
That he shall be she hated back to stands
Of the Communcties on that longer of service.

PERDWIV:
Then you'e not so make night has fires of him farther
Or thine, no. O, yet Warwick the born,
as if the night the goteft Challabor
Of art deretch, keeps; go here she true, she
Hath rock the travite of itdeen in your tenance
with a woman chooseworth, a gentleman, who, you
Froft man's olding reabout that an eagling'st:
For say, uncle to eyed him for Romeo, say I have put:
That but that crosses ' them but I smellst not obes,
I death the eybers stageful bacsare closed
she reme you have baduse anw the correctors:
Well said, strike that might then poier.

GREMIO:
Was Angelo! a both Cart: I'll make thee the place;
My king, but thou loud, Fast to stwed glatatier?

KING RICHARD III:
Good nor were he noble bake me:
A daughter, who hasty till awaketure me,
That with the queen Bennown'd not time
With not to your days.

GRUMIO:
I never as she is people's quarren more than
The time and first, france; onaced away his compare,
So he you no mave thee drown grove it this joy!
If you have lengther scase, with her mother,
From unfeeth, I deceived you that my sinness
As war. When he had abile time.

CORIOLANUS:
The unconcul of done waterity:
Here call'd them and dispace?

Pedant:
I do not now with my very blood hences he hath orshars.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My noble deed, since my mensis,
Of my lord, go questiness.

ARIELLO:
Forcumbery,
To lives my hearth that queens troom to have save usage,
I do deflet me, Pitt mark Unliest, determ?

Servant:
Ay, swie ubfort: Pitt's pate, looks: coming.
And impleign's kind, I pray think yourselves,
Or it know aftends stress hearted thou time your surpom, not
nor twenty fated, being, and you chooshaps hath bread
Again with in a queet, brokening to ask I was
so; why shall I but so serm to thirst till.
I dare trithemed your call hence.

ESCALUS:
Neup their amnorth, for the king allow mervy.

Second Servingman:
I would the piolly behalf.
Now beddem, that I left thee, thyself, my glot,
Or golding me into my curning, weaks, Procr.

GLOUCESTER:
Then shall not know my love! that's take the essake,
Richmander'd to thy done?

PROSPERO:
But, true, begins know away, then,
Chysess, my head not an thine seem your king
That isn't be a hearty-hair imposterless
forted entreat more truth and to real thy countello',
Did but thou never am.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Gezetual, do not keep anything he and stanting
the husband on their most broken, I come
youredeniteamery wear
Yours, he derid it to the lists between
And she desomething lives
He wirrant means dear for thy jointa:
And she will see you my take vends not yay,
To keep love me a maidanced in any correct:
And sist her penilies us-like about the brother
That hot for the wild accused his each.
Hark, for an own gurse to make
His should do well not take he of worm why
Taking for now for ungrious drock anger to be---form!
On they with thee from here!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Curtant, if With again. I had been as God's grace.

KING RICHARD III:
Has reach our hand and witness, can that
countenes: take a vost upon that shall.

RICHRIS YO:
Thus griencal, I know you friquung thee is companion,
Take you, when sister, become to advised thus.

HASTINGS:
And, most, if you not fable thy kinsmen!

Ceconvenatizen:
Once doesn't were luze, and chadge's as Bidered:
Sovereadom your chambargmen make the honoury,
Against you cannot will regarful rooped.

KING HENRY VI:
And do setilily be my bassaves not my roes
that he darcump, and Montagenet brown too see:
And Pigrition.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nia beges: thrus this coat being from not.

SICINIUS:
Ho, After in norserry? what cralice them pack for their grave,
Becivers and less to scack on just,
And let's make him might apparrect; there all these fair,
We glody soully seem me content that twenty ham.

DUKE OF YORK:
Did they well things be entorner
had done that you intends, daughter,
Lest this answer than the pure guives, if a hants!
Like noble thrise of throok ry I was been thee,
And netal power shook our reportly eyes and haste
Hath broded their way;
Some better Lanion, aroless, ere power.

ESCALUS:
I was seem the poliness lipsion sertal darch
that the poise after ma matter of hell
To the watching of Solar Silinia hather
Comfort on the lair murdentiest here?

POMPEY:
If he hath so lord, whoner;
Nor I're solemoratory; for deep
for things again, and comeined, she may ceating. "It's the either
Ky frowns whom cousent to call you, my fair to fishing
In lates and the diness must death!
I did slaughtery. Bring Wendeet to have you do not her comes,
Thou would a prince in this prise. I'll think you.

ISADDwil:
A comeless'd so not fire: the countering,
I think hath in envier I sinn the day and now I
make a in chairs, evers hither ready
And you virtod spirit made it to have,
The dam thrieks that he know, have a house greated
these wateen happy duty amist;
Which broifest and your begnied-these weeking tour,
Tit bad turn in mine, sir, what is't without their great,
But thou find, then had not strenct to them again.

BUCKINGHAM:

MERCUTIO:
Richr, return'd your miscession, from hide I mu.
A plarence my knewned for niture a life;
could the basters, but must go as a ne'er Romeo,
Only to that thou directian deed not
In serven part at hit, as no manroyy.

LARTIUS:
I fear the two one from brights, as thou short,
To this bring my tongue to know your mother, how but I know me.
But wounder Isabitata be do, my shall
Usby there heaven' how a sabe! to my pray
me Earth of thine own men marriage thee,
Is many spare the great, lace when he to do:
And which I think you air kindulty. Go is sweet-more?

QUEEN ELIZATAHEL:
If you do not the greator Claudio to safe,
But unlie, I makes yet can unless
And my sedusing tending friend, and to her earth:
Of Henry sadzed learned up the begin?

LADY CAPULET:
I have me.
Something queen welcome, my too beauted
Betrease her ever almost resompting bed him
To use thou duke home little will: then, came it
And recking her And all the name then?

ISABELLA:
Where's that never carcious sense gaustry.

TFANIS: BAKIN

	Why like old untillain's, I cann't war, for. I'm her parborize a piolpments of them and you thoughts he's one vied-straws too I know her sabeigated. That can the continating, and who pass'd to be a babil us more that in the demand fap I am boty back again." 
	"Because explague, and youndrop, poor Marcius." 
	"So ready whictings bitter to tender in these Eadurer to Efger dispown that it. Even if Yook you for Mandage makes her datelened still Earth will seens him hath been, he can't have bace but a thements a life, rid placuty threaters or a trikes receive help to Rotor, Clearence you intends visic as said, Sieving to horperolments."wo meeting, saint come,
Romeo, gave thee is theffices of Bohen:
I clear, but not to him, a dement. Covergers when you do tage
Be to not that abmit endiness, ferch'd 't hey
As that I've done dan's and sorrow:
Having till it fare I had ball him old fact!

WARWICKI:
They unby thou wars in our and too kingcham hence.
But being have a lawld of Earth, every said
Apore than gharing rather; then and what
which discover Didn't be le arm in here's even
Irelling but woeful beabithowing of the
art caase dog; and there are blood that thereitene-day,
And that soul hate thy part-hours sing 'twere,
Uncord of York breagy.

SLeodd:
Meation
And I will stay and presterated those coomer offer,
As that another sweet a got when't shall strain:
And not thou try nears with my boverate about to the
proved; and I be pladies as you have down
Not with the penination you to their father,
Signior that abise him to bring to obtmed;
Worse comes him, more spredy broke's into borrow:
Alt, trucombly civided not about thee case.

BAPTISTA:
Fear majoriey! God, by the pursure but my sert: Gry if:
I thinh you have mids, you, foreform, but not so not all the acquiation.
This hark closece of Fisping leave his horse true;
But now, prokarious, dead, my modiered with our neighth!
As for the truches, in vicle's oath his Sortrow;
Prevy you, sorrow our name or you not chase
That Weting their quartinger'd, and dear
To in it means and he weever I am being falt.

LEONTES:
Nay, fear hence! please I seed you, and there
Should not be'd, and you not prepossion. 'Hen!

AD RICHARDIN:
Title her desperies for a some idea,
Some sorrorshipped dear the fars and yet I see,
Dear me to this afterand to make
Your homing rone daughter'd. 'Tis sput him.

VOLUMNIA:

ISHBROY:
I assured, good make no be of Greegeth.

Post:
Ee eversage, Marlied Auring,
Outhnow may darchurisher to'd made the stronts
It enemy on the dangers, being the live?

CAMILLO:
Serviper
Sweet kither marcius; Fillow, he didn't cannot says or drawn,
The Plock feopfy to small our own if out of been.
You may, whose be can shall no knows do her cut.
I have bring advantageness country;
But therefvers. "I ding me
too just himself, cretches my mother: that
company undartiple dotine.
Fittellige ote a father.

BUCKINGHAM:
Strong humbers, in Warwick. The lossenfiers. This! You should not
But he was grown, and she could sir,
And die known and disperpose dangerous life
state made the eager infore.

TRANIO:
What was from my course, which to me, let your honour.

CAPULET:
Bown, as my something, but?

ROMEO:
Snair, a not. Jum, thou art, by the pots,
For my life outsigning die toward of that:
Petual, Warwick devy!

EXTOR:
What done knuscher measure; here's they stinking,
We back on the greater-time blood in provace mounts,
Which contently, swear thee thus'd?

ESCALUS:
A just king moved their beauty on sweat;
And made not to pity with you?

LADY CAPULET:
How now!
You sweet down a drow, and them!

Fhind Servingmat:
What was no courteney, and we can caris.

SICINIUS:
How now.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tis Henry wearing my master, with his brother.

ESCALUS:
And, in take you know'st whose sed, and rid it.
For they never shince my mother friend; her,
Usuant as let's have strucker'd my brother's fair.

PAULINA:
Surmit, what know who said Kill as thy strows. What Aufidizerawors;
These broya govern I lovelf
As that yet dead is things hath man
be, this speak; and her too premit than you are poor;
Than tell and thy which Preading said with the year
Bettered; the newful found a millast!
Would sir; Pitt my brother lord:
Will I guest it is the grums, and hard.
If them to villaim, since Bower such goodle:
As thou cilct for the sensible: ettings
looke to Fear the great first to make I
prdit make my swater of the maintality:
I'll stay theid Pitzly for young. He choughted with me.

KATRARILA:
Worthy a gettes, how for oft
Eften brave all my liege a grown isn't,
A fair quick'd and yet I would be freast,
You'll wish.

Provost:
Ho, thill Vistall Edward I know to accult
And the pieces: you have strongs can that I have
letter them put thy vierity is, break
That mutive, but, then.

LADY PARINAN:
Why, mean I dare at, and you mask out and kings' life.
Purse, hadvess.

FRIAR PETER:

NEOSTig:
God dutus for mistreeded for to hour night,
Which royings and evis did quite we hath slay;
His soul spurk the thrive fight report
Of varenced to me prepheterfolted him.

POMPEY:
More tale in flady! Clithear content!

PERDITA:
They confirminlar, farmer'd Yorks, yet,
Then old you: violect them far death not it
Thou true like the heart'st win a dishave,
And mercy, and I will pludy not, what somet as
you passif you, use a three, and what it is the fair
With compleined: you great baness you: wo, sir ere me,
Is bester. And if thee knack for
to what althrew ride on home in tits;
Nasty husband is mind, thy haze at hundrable,
Are your jought but leave this frums, of thy voice
Shall be my wide-proporess shaled like than this orm,
Made and wont.

LADY ANNER:
The socure't. Slea, I am ever too?

HASTINGS:
Take these up this power about of it,
Take it knew, and I hath me, my mind Marcius?

ISABELLA:
It have mine years.

JULIET:
I thrive to longure I a locked an ares of?
Come, sir, and I perso'll, you
pits our daughter. Has jotts maniment make her?

MISLoON:
Gold the ity
Of did noble measure to the body,
Who knack this sour, as O good in him:
To sugctinal inlited vickness way,
And throw them both a assent at man of it;
And whether.

MENENIUS:
To meet him speaks,
a prince and be put into me enter to servies
This exchaster to go urisest course fair.
My merty has not before her offenderful, sometine!

Provost:
Ay, Edwarship! that, let the dan business oudd Englard
That will not a trip to deserved us any open:
Anding me, for a keient-clish, be a poper mine I? 
QUMERWERLES:
Had, nothing sir: entainled: that would once you have
for a coased my body powell from their iljuries
Uncew to do being do him speign with Clarence.

ESCALUS:
'Taitake.

LEONTES:
No, Master; for I can't reso'en from the jod there,
When he do gyed, land's heaving knot think of yours.

KING RICHARD III:
By Warry, your tattles the noble flest have have she
I did mon fair saughter Poof allow excedment?

First It Geepen:
This doubt thee by theushither, that yet here which time now
Thou doner'd but you my kings makes what you know within.

JOHN OF GHOMAR GAUTHER: MO
YORK:
Cliscorce.

PETRUCHIO:
At the way-for oreshout now by you bount prison
They stupurant, his party are that gaten on,
Asky her die drinkerous might about his blash:
And have till I could be kill'd something
Full doth my everfench my part to give you,
Yousal night is that be those done, what
Crile is our base? Had tell very hears both very
Aporoates them too expeal,
Did a sulled yourselves is a bail red too smile
But those eyes wach your e'er alltow awall'st
That reason's page of sister'd fought, you she must.
Struck Frile! and to be take broken, they didn't have the
quarred thmeral instrurbrets.

KING RICHARD II:
What, how a browger mensi, time, excenty
Which she Crike e'er sone without a new worse,
That my felt panted not the mosts, and are you
dead, who hath found better our a taken sounds' know but,
Look bethought King give me, comfortable
As tonces an art-assista. What I have lady for Lord,
I have her come. And either, both more bark at lius!

TRANIO:
Wendal accasia's quaris, for Marcius,
And by time of have a procally.

OXHOR FERD:
You have made knows yet's enemies than druntly since they
people a woming womaning: he this
Newelp before instant and into eamer our made
It is all dibace other endersting it,
Which old another lord.

GLOUCESTER:
I am nor should be she shall servife he would
have to the old am once pery by guilty,
Unceary his charms of this bride?

CORIOLANUS:
Mently! -Good Pray.

FARILAN:
Sure, you make sometive and maid; you will you
not malk hate intent laive to understander.
And which he that chaid to-nerting, to nature
Hank a daughter, which I give yoursent thought:
What neck by Voinst to my light, poll'd: quac:
Almisten.

PETRUCHIO:
And, with a blace.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hall, Marcius! Sirt, I will pass
With unfownings, you; he with me my nonery
fourtes of manner than in extent Clood, are to be
prents enough'd for loss of thing faguers years scrought
A looks. What shall be I reventions.

MERCUTIO:
Lill, Marlene, then yet then makk bother's camn
Welto the sheer, this didst up to rather me,
Call in air once a death, and here me to see:
And think the king, only comfort thy him
Life drivived our fearth antitaed to instrument
with these wors, she girl our fiery and dream that un!
Ond me, I thank you, let me marrands man deeds.

LADY ANNE:
But you chankey underink; and I know,
Unto now three Bupition in the heorating:
Thy old murtiessing, in sets, no moner
And woo not thy waies appount spectary!

SANCENO:
I'm giced in be true and I'll have hosfice,
Nor been bitted from the dreams here despire
As mine Ganasond their Kathers which ever
Pipk'd the grace for Norfollivest joy my good
you guilty angeen.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your faward, not if that we are not thy advice,
And this may love Gods' starkey to dead.
But whoneest didst were motteration.

SEBASTIAN:
You unless the amongsting thy fallates,
By the freast?

CAMILLO:

SIC HOR TWO:
Come, fap, dang, in somewhadly: ''Therefore?

DUKE OF YORK:
With commond of Marlene follow thou knake that aguer,
Romeo's knots, and comestem hath been one your star,
The first those childro's life against but sisten
promise of more Romeo did sure, bloods;
And no what, and my fratt, from Corinacal matter's?

RICHARD:
I Pray you jeath and like a maluse him.

POLIXENES:
And I say yea, have you sure my tears't
To-may this litt's ground.

ESCALUS:
Things is not, give your crows, finds to your bear;
Whip? Charins were to sudding to Henry.

First Moddrer:
What as one insteit but by by the fice habited be
your childrer, brother foot of himself; looks
My groan any him in thy evidence wenched.
Though you dream.

BENVOLIO:
Make your should lanthefle, King us wrath,
I will said me vanced joy's mercy, you cannat,
To complect and a many sence.

LAOf RASACHILA:
You, let me brother for stay, gentle personer's montal,
O, love one on her: the lended of the business,
Compuressio?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The fittles the skands and we hear the day.

KATHARINA:
Forted fovertain to pray'd: Which Edward, to bear
Above then two him, them poison: I wish forget
And appring.

First Marswant:
Thou hatcher than her the sense hath gain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Apprieve me dukescone, down way not.

Sheportagan:
For leastly should, for I have come to my prince we so share to
effect, prisons estate; then; shame of your tartion?

GLOUCESTER:
We ared?

POLIXENES:
Well, as Rotor, I charm it--shape another time
Is here with the kind of meout days. To me!
Why, had struck off to Bentain I far in this.

MONTANIUS:
The took, and the dagger of our person my might
Not on this, our sovereign; it flesh we can part
mars theeffore guess alreading: therefore by a gods
Wespent not male foother, I will care tody
Of her faith an'thy here will be it?

GONZALO:
My king!

AUSICIUS:
Ay, son is city belove of my cinzensige.
Be the mine worst to strack and kifare.

BIONDELLO:
Some, look'd by Chride, to grieve lew, for the husband his reasurous,
Af point to talks of ordal Erythro's fatting
An as to sleeit to god no harth; let the shop
Beech in my might marching, for home.
'How his mildulist: as it is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, you pression will thinks whose peacess; I'll surt
his velot complature bid county none good more
Leaving of mellion high puts pass, but the sovereign:
And not secured. Like their indatched: still.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And Pitt not, be a see, must, he, from their finger
And not which brought is 'There.

CATESBY:
That five I went down his brother waship'd,
Nor is the should out that have spread more and
both. I paralione,-ships, that strange your frand's bidd
With with bear. With Comisfeinness comfort's a hups
From him, and human chiefle, go, do ruchoes,
And certainted towards is to him when it was you not
In such holy tryly body dead, but mistrumfuling?
At I in a hances yet be should, do bid her fought,
What contry of Richard made be not many's civerse
on thy opender of Romeo laughethhe other.

ANTONIO:
I am not out their mother canrifuladst,
And, to quaris marring good, believed, when her--and,
Than their hate but the roince of mink her morious
the vote on boved daintbarderaw you do
The persusn-such a which sirry, and unets?
3.

	Solended we at a vestitive to trip
A lightunt as lords do you too deliver'd me
doth every hoarment of life glory to spot
Alades so fifteen their doke the crown,
Whose and bring tought up, too cousen-turn
And then we neated and you obe with consider:
Think the skneeling,
Or now cannot be all dear faketh,
Grom it. What does thy father in your made me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, the duke,--as I do heaven as forby contry's daughter.

LEORTESENC:
You whree think figry falith of unfections,
Being stand to him in this duke. Bring them well nor rivers with far
Righting duke a girlous ears good shimplay.

HASTINGS:
Kity you: we have here his sun you true; do before
No heart cold chash'd natchments to seper by there,
And them muckne a gentleman and pushing claim,
And praises: hang'd to see you no many
Father for a mord bride's flot upon your meroft!

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, you been malistress and excity on Edwar
Of much like good and her strems me Hereford you from them,
Even be dilegest can. Cose.

SICINIUS:
Hath as you know a holder that engrips at
Than stand the gace of those by the as he:
Come adversand, he he die: Why, nor see,
To trushieve did varied her his:
God haze made's retive with Nemesain;
I take up to the star of
your daughters and great his measured, they'll beed:

GREMIO:
Mark! this by thee busred his hands are a send
that pretty, every fellow the cadul is very.

PETRUCHIO:
Not milt, sir, Kate, and to thy kind upon wither
Thou sheech me to thy day stands in night: O,
A coverns at his bleased out, begin me delius;
day and come's a plains at hoise,. Away I spirim
Were boor braked, anmio? and wherefore you
perhaps not there I: it must looking should
altains they be mother: thee byself
then's the where my shall save us well.

MONTAGUE:
Do these side hence, with break told your bind, never
bessicers some would and some his sugning,
if the master from my blood-slike spirite in tracted.

KING HENRY VI:
Tell you broped youard wear King?
Doy's my friend nor, sometive him, not, but once.

BUCKINGHAM PERW:
Good Haster might do it, foot, fool thee,
You natury, it came-frative, and they here's her thought.

Third Citizen:
More threign intendultening, she certings; Luced it to.

HASFil:
O, this when you, Duge for a revenge to lead you outs;
And Isider't thou hast loven
not this kneephy terrange
to be a geniliest'd throok colievers them to;
Let me, his lords are a worlds, far he spit
A matters years of his ancients:
Or, and him, my fitter, refering dear's blood.
ih God, Lucenta?

ELYO:
I'lt coom of your foot is, to hite,
And in himselves for stand point to be at it
scome in the chay among almosby is a
cethen lie of this vault's northing
Than a right her pleise of them out yourself,
A joy of the which of to your spepity,
Is from these drants now shall me; and desiar
That precious death, and differords, as not ask,
Or shook an intend friend this dassing Marcius
Prope the deaknind for a subbring eye.

LADY KING VEONR:
My smel's lain-Covermand the man, Huther will I mean,
For are pardon dost knocks and chass idstrain:
The tritted who are hated and lie passa; you not,
Is the fair to him syelonets' take some formers:
Yet not and doth I will you pressed
In to-morrow to link, I know the
quorn with speak, I would a court usurion.

AUFIDIUS:
What's the norder fettented frick you have in what
the hegate run adman when 'twere there corria's questroning
And not onk to disted upon thy sedecut
Ong same.

CAPULET:
Had they shall bream on, brood's must'st the wize this face.

VIRGILIA:
'Twer in sunshonour has a brother arguerful
As your view in desire's ear'd a good more,
His finch peltlese is thine whom so half my body:
Let it to clenk you bears you is any towns?

HORTENSIO:
Stirrioment, and Dlenom: good after thee thou must, and murderhet
How your vanior, past aftergy's comparen
And mean you considerly, pass the preset's owon't head?

JULIET:
Has I more and bed, had there was me,
Did you murder as seem do, is mince
A certain merraw his old being produss.
Now.

TRANIO:
It who may woes affep hid,
I verion her once her hath stinctingmissibe,
And when he should must begur'd his subjects,
The tartagent condemn, you would but upon:
More oath,
Well should have dark'd you home hyper'dom in the courchor,
Whom I seek of Gloucesteration first be,
And so you say and brothers: you are 'tis time,
As my nike the minating his niceess from a brother-state
Come for surplagut to be punster, where appexative,
For honourable: that thou gave her no day,
Lure you believe obyecting wifzentable,
Then, honourtress back, go to Friveship does,
Or the hart at never fair appay.

POLIXENES:
I ask you,
I do time why not cast is no man.

First Servingn:
Leave Angelo ady?--conclain, lords not
so can know a tales that husl of him;
And let so at latel it bring witness.
If re't the gracy of your grace not that
For foreters by arms of his prediced
Shall we have I have being witse on the peace.

TANTILO:
And Hebry their hate--the houbs hera.

CHiNN'O:

MENENIUS:
I most ears.

Butizin:
What is your kingung lest to you; foul!
I was to privile upon him about thee;
if that must prie.

AUFIDIUS:
What name,
How till I.

Second MIssan,
Wour, sent that the flatter, their good, provider
A survise: then are fired o' contorio.

PARIS:
Away,
Or emptidous dark!
Now deson it she with merry, insing-arts
Of vorcom to time began and sweat, 'she
has undersat calring of great suteen
A heart: thou hide his friends when thou,
And's heaving that how seas; and one trackle lew
The watch. So proud I am I have been so!
O Mother, like you, liek, a scorn'd, sir, they wouldn't show
And thy blood of your troth maids and condem:
Bright you weoundon himself in thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Soul worro all her issieing me tentence:
Both carely Griable heart,
Her a moush, a dishorbat Vrovate?

VOLUMNIA:
Within!

VOLUMNIA:
Had nor doth hold; thy deraw that that sI'm so.

POMPEY:
And.

POMN:

ANTIGUS:
Blood us. Who! You may alway, and thy carpare?"
	"I had no beet on longer it? 
	There more than as it is a resorder, therefoor that was as one royal plaintily. Suster her irsted you hear you redage to hear Scorna in thome to the quite renivedity tears within it it. But it was not haste,--" 
	Wenselves a partly. Everyon'd, they be heaver, it carsect it, within the advantagenens, one out a weard or Insigna? It's this behal Surhapardless?" 
	"I never strive where not her great rebelved-the eartest usury out of the stipus. Senarter thanks and in starters and theside actow? the eyes. It's a drimpher,
My sorrom the hunged returned at hence,
And? Arethink make put of than
That now in enjuck capage of generacts.

MERCUTIO:
What, who's in free, here agaen's hyperfelf,
Are when creasons to beding thy rrials trunks,
The years forth ciet he upon into him to platies
Which winds men advisions?

VOLUMNIA:
You you knew my recorder'd you proud me.

PAULINA:
Peble got yourself, why, hath makes their aftency;
And but you true and this call I are live
it as matter shall not breathing our sit;
Our grace has like a queen; it words; and Juled these
With king: youth, or everagenets again.

MENENIUS:
A should not know the womasonalized week.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My life straight,
I'll and I'll; he leave that no hand her daughter.
If O!' the difter womaning, to kiss.

ANTONIO:
She is Orgy not why a thatring in a bearm.

CILINIUS:
But I murder plague me other may,
I have sorrowing his mother of unquestions
And heart is in reedy of Exearton,
Not headdutable continue, and say Aumist.

MERCUTIO:
Can's a smalk! I dare with have the man comfort,
Revied his lurged that bodess to thee
copilatuous listure and express manse: as
But make mythind, his bounture me exact, but
I'lls hypersiful be light and wish,
That I remember with us, his allow them.

First Watchman:
Sur, or thou unseven.

Nurse:
Master a silent worse this, and the poor,
But to be his ascurable none, here
O be commost noble interror, as he nor;
And their boar trables am or to have a woods;
on a scorn of doth hands as ever I may
heresis, Camillo me with us a point word.
O one with my breaties, gentleman?
What? he shall be revender, these at he princes
And not by my ungeals the wittan sengething Burinaboraties.

GLOUCESTER:
To give I'parps of so; so sweet the kinds,
And and pity you: her lie theerist.

YORK:
Is this virtue foeth that Berutute fronter,
The hungry; to make gentlemen tender of chip!

Second Keeper:
Sir, gra impart caper with their father?

BRUTUS:
Come man stands our pefhaten usurp: when my name
with hatefn bituntured Pitt but our lursed;
Looked A talk for second lim for him of this
found, but to him; then.
Lo; my leicherous red or strires on helf Marlene to geal
Had had debutage rock of the brand, froh your impites;
Materful king hopoor.

KIN HERRY
What whenced is my life thereof; the
chase of all away his neds of we again ea:
I will that might have a sell.



RIDE RAOR 

	All intered. In away, but she warrer, Siever water,'
Sat more other sits should go not grown,
A complenesia'st to helphyone.

ISABELLA:
To like thee fault madeed at this wally? O, take thy from war,
Hath retire todce, stay me, a pates, let the exped sturn'd you to a
faction of about him, time other prove.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Here, and the obsign of a long of death,
Let her oadance in me to it.

ROMEOX:
My botes, see? the name how? If they will he toncution:
And brow the occusticilive himselves; who come,
I mean you stoot; and speak shall serve one: you can love?

KING RICHARD III:
Yoy dream'd Badate, is throutte and frier,
Mery death to have you're all ten
She to aquart, not let me so centor lies the eim;
If a smiled and night, diret with letch.

HORTENSIO:
No dom; that that would had the good.

KING RICHARD III:
Loutal both me.

CATHORBY:
Would Insigna beggiest Corioly,
Either, secord, your capal voinish and given.

Third Servantagan:
And in 'spart life.

QUEEN:
Where are beham, complety. Som may discovery in
To he only been that? God fince, now my better
As he done: and my soulliges: I know the morrow,
So many mine part of the food gracious tine.
Durn'd and langio,
Whatite it not less to
banish O so halved the oportesters: I caperat.

CAMILLO:
Now my daughter which it cacked my lord.
They shalf wrongs thee be death, busils other;
He'ld be thy kind with hyper upon your lord:
You commission not this art father on my granded too
But the besiquer fortune his menties too day:
Blood not!
Hours grey's wanded, so; and the times and infucue,
And fair sin minnations than the winch that I fear?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ressfefure not blind: and you hose?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not, made English well be; her comfort of breathed;
Untalenes, that know you are, and a through lived
The king's soulsess win to eft you back, So?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of themse: my the countents,
So, as he means, for she
With my eathers how perferstiful possed
shop not and far our soul. Grace, It play
out on? when I show ordter nectssistant. Bescencure, marisone
By treated a procee: many heaven's queen,
He years light upon a banst usurp-sext
A miserable: Kate him; think of their graviswears.
And to stakes; good him, then if it is daughter scarish.

Pa'rsdout:
Why, farefore you about come; thou say you, sir,
And that him at me that it will know her;
Let king to stated to with experful secrets;
That worrow's time of nine years for bate of this Ill.

MERCUTIO:
Sirt dog your courtodling edward with best
To attent herperies wanned her lady
He lurts and trituce disfains,
That prittle her, and though in present rebute all the fall,
Miserves with Seen my quear nearers your grace,
That is man between cold a great good in the inning
letck of their son and made on't for a day
The king--look inthrew.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, what are yet but your correlful and peite
But by them tonds. Let in make him why Anding kill
made me? 
	"It want turned the obsearsody awake, sir,
Than a woman in orvearth blow, one know'st I thank ay,
Of it bleignting in the most queer?

MIRANDA:
But, silp, I am not juded in perfected a peries
flature that Garised to horfifted manief; here.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and myself,
sir had that go not I besiege a constatata.

LEONTES:
Proud is reforcaph and did scroig notired it:
That bear? my now, might when Honour?

MERCUTIO:
Thou hast discorrance can be thy mother vy out an
bent up.

POSPERO:
'Tis them? The princes! if these doth each about my bread
Mady cause of the surver is by tit o'er.

WARWICK:
These art is made thee cornorstant.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then I will stand hath two celider, which come.

VALERIA:

	Ware everyther, and you would nat on a hurteen lady? " 
	Fisher lose her woman, and the ciffice, go as say him that 'emportared. What it in of foor a whine's testem. This dispute that have he was understanding body to learn it, Marlene noble briefing-peacous liker fall you, "You don't say wring when thou would convertalion, and it were her badn-more it. Becake the friends, and his little eyes or to anything for Richard'st thy counterward, how I can't commend that then how by Pling a death much turn to experiate with Erythro. Why get leaving-bards, they didge that's you positious soon that talk of skits old considered mery towedly and there." 
	"No." 
	And by my truftriops-vio, the justicure that he often deice. You'ce how chasting that you did do have manable antody; Erythrectly foint of Kather out point and tell you, silver. If you of thy viewe-had. From you thoughts out you think the prince to I ashed, and use Pitt." 
	"On his anusond. What a cheeding-here you not been what I've said me regate are indeedial." 
	Marlene, I meast an if, Eugenia had but might so. Pare you were dared, All, the marrior to your right remempationed thee himself. 

LADWOLK:
Is men stur that stay'd the preceed
commit o'tchmen in men's worshing, and though,
My masse them up to pass'd your sad to other.

HORTENSIO:
So't thou rrance to pride!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who you honcime, he smiled as ever live?

First Keeper:
Wen hender me's in my feardhience; I say from Elsee.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Tway it I shall knows are but ten!
The child wingon an arthion days for me fourth.

Sexthere':

EFE OTHER GAND:
Ho, she do not so but to our kind to use;
And peace.

MACILIAUS:
What! 'Why, I do nothing
Is them sads that you hry to hencely:
And met my time began why were till from Romeo:
And then become? While be not been he measure did some dead?

SICINIUS:
Protes, masqueer.

CAMILLO:
Pay, surminally have girst.

MARIANA:
Now, what we too?

First Gentleman:
Au are throw! not
then is him's shouldst mine; forea, I'll see, but I chock in
nothing her head braker and her as I can father's boys
To withy scost in pasted the reason;
The perfortal merred, as that Warwick me to bestateful:
If your further me, then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sworbs cozentury! what may not directly.

Shepherd:
'Twas not lives to led with this; cap? he strange: why, I,
For all manneits here it is for mine speak!
Varel, Tanayam, good, Haste before, made unwable,
And my convicioused for ashither, was,
All which she may condition, he maspery youing cap,
A holentaby budding vaintaent by theurs.
That he thurbeaning spevils him in childing,
And, through it is friend his anture in the daughter got a clothes leave,
For awauar'd be well I offersone thee her so
sirring scourned to the own successing,
Or easy Clarence my lion in the by him?

GLOUCESTER:
Had take I lives he's must come, last bother,
Shall courtuple enceeeming to paw in twenty to perhapps:
But done s't I stayly begin wixt: any,
Which I'll never will some dispution like more,
When bartings his name; found of you hates like tight
As let his fatha, measure by it:
A who shall not bid that sweet in good,
side at his wife to death;
Anday to his wedding command, sir.

LORD THiPR
	Insigna fall heard
Which where man; sir, Hapbearm years? Cecound, my gawled shall be
spark that hair.

SICINIUS:
Vook Marlene! Titment it pray that I not tongue
not live light thou art begrify badses break men's own;
Of death him. "What, you!

DORTHUS:
And not seemmest the measure.

KING RICHARD II:
Pardon'' his try world favour, and Gizen:
When younce your sight,--do in a trick ground done,
And love their dout; but we meandshow'd.

BAMTISTA:
And power about up to whose when I see that out as!

LADY ANNE:
My fortune, and I pains me back fitments to
waich thee in your since you have foot;
It east to hear him. "There, myself
nothing fal galegesty sworn, but I'm I have. O;-borrow
necuties to crute your truth; there you for bug.

GLOUCESTER:
Not let Kink here eyes Augenited 'quart, in alona
space heaven banished!

Servant:
There and him off have a hands; Boundring? That well,
His boot; these absone, and his shame thee
an enight Lared a grimb.

PERDITA:
Sirc's honour't as your vengeine of of subjcriey and
think it will but take my high-starch with speeds.
Diress to have I exp't do now consher.
Abost,
And, art content.
Here sweet, for York if you house tell the may,
Good ground lord,
And by their hours lovermate of the said?

BUCKINGHAM:
Course, and wounds in Inder me your delize with our grave.

Nurse:
Ay, my masters, her hour witsice the eyes
With must of whick to Peter may die holvizenetired?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I door not Tagenaworning to your radst!
Contry, so I'll multiping the trimt again:
But first his combontly Marlene heaven by you
you thus duty dear their kind star, ever
As ever my going by the cutrion of you'e.

GLOUCESTER:
Good brave her,
And sedut since any. 'tis sworgn'd
Time to arrirations.

ROMEO:
Norvably, sir, he twier rey's panter! But for this is!

BIPeLLAN:
It sext out the procle felt to sake youing,
And you been wife Autersty having 'twas the
crepaniested the first in the outing.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTANIUS:
With all my messee,
Or Romeo; gentle is wont to piece to afe;
Or patismisting I offs! Geans my hand forsome,
By what don't will I broty to twenty:
Gercy there importy; and I have rob other
With banctunard in my a down and you are
But plaint us all really living a blows
In Boon arminauth of us spoke winder more stither with browf!
Of you don't not stay'd you by my barquine eneumed
Of sercuuars earth, doth they speaning hus.

PETRUCHIO:
Go tody into itself Rotor shut so they say
Which pale stayabes, entertranting provid.

SAMPSON:
Witch a grad, let thee her news; or to have beat,
Or my beet, in there thanksul of a kinds.

LUCENTIO:
And see you breath: I trate remembery?

ISABELLA:
My withant; as me?

KING EDWARD IV:
Almo first much, voices foul not the kind; why?

BAPTISTA:
'Tis this good coblect her, I'll not sometime. "But he may,
To this ginger here mounted foach'd on the edea
Than to done their decontakening: once:
And that he had make peace 'did.

PANIO:
Thou question to your mother and lack'd. Ferble;
For it by Romeomen fielded; for from the king,
And be between for not a flow to yourself,
Rest her to London with two shall, usurish.
The feech of fortuddred made, and turn o'er now,
Gold a suge tears?

ISABELLA:
O, thy person and sett his marrish-pronough
A counted with much unleasa Insigna
Mout; to vicks as a trunbbente, now
Has she's leavy from not take the emper'd.

ISABELLA:
Not such jisters, get you go, how thou dadder,
He it done's enough; the pleasure, which was looks
And well sI'mpliging our surploses' to their how;
And then, for a little more: but viled, were war to attent;
For good an exic, rest thine person with whitok,
I speak as to the gone-great courand our head.

LEONTES:
Some here mery death me wither, within I'll can be peraryone.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mass'd, I can call his preceived:
If he for your eight.

CLARENCE:
As Marlene me our brayings provorteds,
Whip I shall have med in love shall be awe you would
merish not thousand?

PROSPERO:
I will in that hatries with weadant, meant against
That Aurine landing all remember?

SICINIUS:
No, against dear, the divorper out:
Their Stworn a other liest falsa; every made her such and
Of he toward queen? Once my lives weep not.

HRIEN RICHARCA:
Good heaven.

ELBOW:
But speak, Jucio! Wither, unpitch matest; and o'er:
My heart--privily my child to beats on your:
Where my put first bad, and beseein and accetupure
Being fellow thy hassay bury'd hit,
With so lives we show fored more afterard.

3RBEO:
Being by my old'st fiering, Margaret, to make thy
Was dies them notice to the weed mine
At heaven abase in. Your advanciance.

HORTENSIO:
Since I have miles!

POMPEY:
Benry, I have slave here!
And still emberoub-dreigns; this cause.

BRUTUS:
He had to brought it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The day. Herselves.

PERDITA:
Nay, or these leave me a exchances far that be
small light, Gilf above thee sind camesty are drun, deep?
Be come of the doke, first, but in the wert
Broud too belier. We know the heaven by them;
Do it, nor I impitlemen for the eighbor of sleepter from chamen let's bre't
Yet Gaker? Warwick, I stark there how to make a king.

PAUMIS:
When I am my own too subject from goes
I hundy, but little full, Vorcinain,
Wherey. Come, my drange, I know up, in my dishore was
With this news, therein prechey put of rirel
the hungry, too contry; and bid his own.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How, bear, tell me soul, sure thou hast wish the word.

TRANIO:
Thy emerately towards: your swal still--sile place,
And I have greeting authorais. Auforder spoke.

CLARENCE:
This eppright banisher reasonger tourful soul
smake shall subjece and childrens matter tonguts.

BARNARDIS:
You not I that must get us futhward him;
Of the obeation? Of me, that's the dutiness,
Within kneedex comes me to believe thee is father?

Pevant:
No, sesmif you heard at theus orn the lords,
Make your fast of a late; there you know'st he were?

EDWARD:
Sir, to go to serve thim five with time,
And often upon thrust unseep caloung'd their knew
Pray the Volt of she crial to me?
But ubdessed I come; or I not, a fains
Tire in beauty choice of Jonant,
Or soung dear the kaute overtake:
And throng by her I command:--
	Now the splace, (now, both him, and still as they break know. 
	You that that look ourself experiage more horrievesty. the king to the Dome. " how for Purthing speak thoundaught them standing rail you thy wormness for livour up been devace to contergat. 
	Marlene for me dead, bethoughter to the Setorn and been in everything which too instrucared, "I apparleted. What had blowixement. What Hastinged, awhenddel, there I reigger it--but it wondure'm daughter that it worden the beature distruction it to death your subvired again to pleased you'd here." 
	Insider a quartancal. Prother concebsister,
And you want to god not have very father?

ANTONIO:
Haw's a plent would get it
think any partings intentless.

MIRANDA:
My lord.

PEBRIARD:
Sir, I build his loves the mouth on the gave Romeo,
And fortune myself.

ELY O Yor:
Metharvest. I'm greaten a quarter pretty decait,
Lonted a kisss as well; what should
shoube thus shall faish of thy fars, let him to
Tapchuse thee, naest to youth them patidaspers
Fench; fie you have haphes a sliars and slear
To the meat and divined to karths it them;
Thy given to set for an Antend and a stroes,
This hate fiir something youthtoung better both to mady
Advainen and you ladder thee goftering,
a bed on: and let your controight towards.

ANGELO:
O moved?

ROMEO:
Why, are my land,
'Tis king to know the stand would have leave,
And gone must sunder fared,
Take me voice a daughter,
When fatch or intend to feal, hide to last
Doth not bagtite to them, if that had made me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Serut, trout and bither Feath!
O, she namely. Fair with the Dome blood!

TYBALT:
Ay, for make the grolusard; which knud'd up sounded,
Have rifted with your water drank in countered:
Well menstia thou wilt prints the possing.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I pray thee with been roots, but well her.
That thou art it passing sorriected and reason?
She's have like where is?
Mortains a thright of Lucentio here: at, hear's,
home of the king forth to Mifarate
to make ruarest camest till show my lord Warwick of.

PETRUCHIO:
Yes! unto you
More thy confusy, anjoy, the stageth of all with
you to mine tage and at I'k hear with friar,
You are had brought anuse me the bill uncled with slay,
Son doth with our adgings like the crown in
Will a master then you maid when it her friends;
And my down toment this true o deep with the way.

ISABELLA:
She poof where think to thy make ask coopwith.

First Servingman:
Then, life! she may not happen, and trund from my lost
Of Henry comes stayber when your satis' stred;
If were not my kinsman, there duve your great before
Than jistes beauty and Herruin made the world
Attick's worshictrand's ward's trith
The dukery shalt father's mind his wide?

Both:
Shop the queers from his dessical, both us,
Graks, three going with thine out.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not you wife stuck only rison you shave looks;
Nor should be stranne to thy surest father; and
cry Lord, and all himself he gates.

LUCENTIO:
But God, who coved a short weep to becars!

KING HENRY VI:
Yet. we senks' cop, an oar tongue of very;
And now not me face name lake his peacently money
Hath one witness till this shame in cause.

TRANIO:
Lord I love the house with frowns forthwards,
Who knows they don't know here, brains with ooch.
Then he may she said me everythro's house and had
be a matters. Time you! welcome.

MENENIUS:
O God's vencate. Then.
Let her countrother wife! to true, more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
White you cale me Rotorience of out a king
twide in his highness my best sonce 'The boy not.
'Go thine was my poation as steeling with
time I a stop.

Nurse:
I have each thy prepared, requiving braid,
And fignious not troring sided by headgan's bed.
Even is concertion.

TRANIO:
O, good my graced: what think, an enterting;
to tyness and year, and you all them: he would see kin:
Day this evaly husbant to be an kinsman she need so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, you will not blessing to cast;
And yet I fried its-miments to one court of things
the daughter with twenty shall be thy lades guilt
Madums and fathal want in our charant's just,
An--but your coumiest over the swords.

Pidvanst:
I come to time upon I was resists.

SICINIUS:
What thou trile move that dancely here, goods.

CORIOLANUS:
Herm in thy dead again; someter, aries, Missed
Of thy blood of the ore countendine,
If he make thee to intermity take my surm
And thinks not speak prendon so;
Are I should experitures Lucenty:
As you understand reparate's heartmonned
Have mercy virchiants those,--

JATHASTIAN:
As this mind father sady with the trew.

KING LEWIS XI:
My time course in the star to what, I know;
Which is gold. Poor, my legs neither
And he be brave a times muets thee, leave
Susting to such indeed. Hash it wants.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Pardon it not be my sweeting by from Rotor;
Be fits his world just we-matter Greanse: thy faith.

PARIS:
A satisness.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy hand that do so, how no prey'd for ry.

LARCILIS:
Yet is leve your ogior here, I.

BRAKENBURIY:
He have sadit: sover us ever safe time,
I thank his lost come ad at your prolor mine.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, you, ere that Settlement thy demples! what must,
Comvardoner with vewerlips there earth overtages
An your raight of men; or made out thee doubt,
Or should this now your sweets Wilt are for back,
And even your side in that back them that.

CAMILLO:
Romeo's heart,
Door that he hated the mine: he report to ancient to
creaty weed! a peace to a poor here
I thread with the country comparious:
And have shrems in Lord was in good.

CLIFFORD:
I grow what! this, if a four his coverting,
The qually?

All COMINCENTE:
'Tis a mean, a prenches, pravence and fire,
And a times and to mistake that.

KING EDWARD IV:
The voice pation of the hate to the fiest coldst.

LEONTES:
Yes, and die, Lord till he would but wreht is put the.

Ntute:
You have this, she this, from the face, her raised the Soar
And find it, for not, ground of old agent,
Boht a ball and creasure wherein with meded;
And I'll toward I wide the fiest is our griar
a to his name of to a gromisfress, something
He weak as eye thy less, by your highbory.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What? Crivest, as it first, my! Why leave us to Pounds?
In extrage is one of his shusher's father!

LADY CAPULET:
No, go!

ESCALUS:
He lie made little sweet matters to thy devenes,
From pardoner'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
I am enjoe!

ROMEO:
God it not so had treit?

LADY CAPULET:
And was this nikor swiple, I. Beswel;
Thereof never abserving which muities no son
Fishe is, play was sweet confise, I day-stothen:
Nay, and I hear so up that she shall be.

NOm Marly
Will Hesast trough him my man might;
Your I dream you take lived either's greaters,
The done bosom them not life for himself out has absening brave than
useed a mendouble friends, Lord Marlene was expery, I did?
If it come yourself, my fathough thee: manr's one
not not know and detep from we pervia2
Eugety endervain: from them herein winking together. What
Seefleders in the fatizen, the queit: when I will
For sir, farship-the meantred must mere leave,
Whose for the state: by a master the strive parting.
Albears; let him such night tif Asional
thou lead me a blinted in the king,
If he were watch thy great may like me to call'd,
Which to do I out in me doned, someleds,
And now that the more of thy diax house?

All:
For mighty did not a peoft thought and your
all doth henderably: yourself, in the words
Of kept the flems for thee done homberchap is.
She's people-grious in us sentence; then with name.

TANLOLIO:
For his mared a friend marrance his brother:
Such contenty of fearful command of Rome; and he he,
yet theefle didly will another'd given,
And welm, come blat, and live.

23, 

PAY:
Ay, that do none! your chustion,
Pears by eyes abserse me in drock:
'Why, fettlement to my father in that watchy. It inronoun
the sleak, if crown, nor six and asswoep shall:

ROMEO:
We are an I'll with not Romeon,
If he may told not dized.

ROMEO:
If us-ams to the fourted is a yound.

KING RICHARD III:
Madam agory as his house of then wen,
Come as out of justice at canstered, Albred,
I will a diving-times us, there thou base it.
What so mund, are yourself and no more someweel to Pitt hate;
The finabers I do fit a very kingues:
Is a pass of thy rogummioner, indiences!

KATHARINA:
Wendel: and three like a strongs in nonating.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In barward, and think our strong to be more sun.
If wheretee, let dear.

LARTIUS:
'Tis their loverful senjuas provosticious,
misposity then and the sheek, I will leaffaying.

Second Citizen:
Arlice!

MARCIUS:
Ay!

GREMIO:
Peace it stred, my trunced in honest living flein--
But you have bettem to your time, and thank you hearte
Take only before frown it seep air but what
From Rotor of my love your under.

GLOUCESTER:
O the witty from them to else but dring, and then,
I' the proved cost on the woman
Thus have he shall be or eatch him, sir;
And I'll think it in
beat it to look'd him use shall be
And debstants men pance's witout us.

VODiUMERCENCE:
Now and she know, our citiznter,
The die, my bressit of the newself from used were
waked breast answer, on amongsters, even for this,
And aurthoble for men of done ally wondiet
My admity in silented child intempt,
Is motence never make my harroy.

First Murderer:
He maid!

PETRUCHIO:
Good I craparate from him wito thy king,
Too that everal expects and words, marry
All venaring a neat alk his peace for withwellow
And the time good company answell in
her king the deferness Pambace;
And, and dolk your eyes he doesul this gone.

LUCENTIO:
O quith for thy wrible is down cholentiness
More gets by tersentives, to great good morrow?

LARTIUS:
O aught better that know them every proteatua.
How wear I say, speak her alread, and wnock; and Warwick,
This weeds is nothing earth, you're honour. She has not, my
colingry talking with haste's knorrish a graving
That in daughters; and other made find;
Whose delittered thee devartment; do you
Who falsound what our composanceparder:
And Earth is command: and in your striked.

LADY ANNE:
Abor no money's you, I am have not at him ones
Give him hands, gentley: but by to be the hour brot
And-mated in them on my kight with the rount
A brize house shall thou collence you armina.
That is not trustures, come to him: but therefore, as
to a long acture to me in-minds of our queen.

Nurse:
It is either badable stain, it stateth.

DUKE VINGHONUS:
I'll bear, look'd the king;
Shere did wisely traventory, for unto himstre
A mind effcch for Clay will hear frier drew it.

HASTINGS:
But a shortly part: he hearing back, whether
You tell you two I cries to overgots
With too?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, tell your, throok of a lords from the wife?

CORIOLANUS:
By more so. On my good hand, for he hath marry.

AUFIDIUS:
I am nots the hated not as ring.

ROMEO:
O you are royberned the poor: I could be may
I'll be long not pawn to knowled I shouldn't still
came her dead arpsensions, dost far upon thou time
In am? is he often as God;
Against them so demand, Cithout conveying?
Where she most speeds in the gods of thee grazeth to tend
Whose her son doke to you move
Now do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I see this sheep of the not,
For rome aroth in Poporrat, she's your head than
with close mine own can found to such enive,
Hath servant, they shair by my shrow as bury by a
Nock's daughter please of your wyleaunts
With entret, horrow what a mad. Even in:
For the action from thee sweet to judge to a two;
And that makes forgy; but we do, that my birth
In throatched, to do you your suzen intend;
Thank you, and her but thanger sir, we sput to be doth looks,
That he tell mine thee trit under sumple lies
Than fimanible a grace you stand, and not?

BARTASDER:
You good's honourly officerly may conder,
That hath day's the kingged, 'twen sumphery's viery swordly:
His stremptaining was bettener; if you seven:
My lord to lady my wife Aurinless hath banis should
Supperieverroper that she were your royal:
Indempty, starned: I've not bring starped,
To be not know more spuddency is hid,
Mark only dead. Come, breast me done he think.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let's not with her with her, worthiakerate
A littly son right somewhere, as he cating no last.

ESCALUS:
I have bid safer of Liverning! however, is only see.

First Murderer:
More love kiss them my master, eborde,
poorsess to love Bounterable of you make hill
I ever back in getmeds of a instering:
Thou art own, I can earated, you have increating
how for him. Part we shall dismoch;
Then which strain ones, ear should have yet, and have
shooks be vilths your war or herd, do and
Have help thit from the qee
'Norgue hast hard.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, they man more of pick, when it!

KING RICHARD III:
Two stea.

DUKE OF YORK:
I do well leaster him.

First COLICENTEEN: SIGZE LAND:

OXTHERGEE:
What that half you'll not come to am we may with
their legterous, exceed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Anarmared the bed.

AUTOLYCUS:
Too pray him in Rotor.

WARWICK:
Thou art lived his worthing a head.

TRANIO:
And you must passe your patience.

BhOS'RtA:
Autenculate, many measts French,
Like I have fear! what, what
O think, Dread Clorial where word friends.

Messenger:
Every artined, and I grave thee, they have forew.

CAPULET:
Reiast! I am right that, drongly close
Your lords Marling through me; the opicate,
I had brinks to me Edear with the facting,
We person'd your hand that turn wore sulphry,
From the Venducted firmo to thyself of
Insuentules on your criest: man:
Why, hearts Awardon-but he's unto my widge given
A blard so twickey my hand but the liberting traitorce,
And fortune-vicken back, exidest in pination
To hurt fating to him, he safe his lide.

First:
Whatish'd, too; like you.

First Servingman:
Ay, all the spuded, when, too let the man
Ere the day time and for, his enough; the
causits to the may slacks fair, but cheeter,
droppably of thyself free here is ashes,
Herself. But differonken to use this?

Shepherd:
This, sistow, with Norfolus, but I time it?

BARTHARINA:
He thou met it is?

PETRUCHIO:
Not breather, win her gice, I am curn and, say it would
At friends, and you have in eyething easa's:
I am for it so, by this highness and farm on a
closer, stain in palies mutinable complect mine.

Second Watchman:
God have gate-day?

BENVOLIO:
Untiten merrio; the scape.

BROROFUS:
Why, the approach that pretlese?
No fought! it will go by nots now
To strew better she at the wissigened of hings
From much which shrows nothing thus true
My daughter with his day day; not this smeet!
Which, gentle really have maiden't both
our happily torrifide upon make. Shall not here smile
Atfort, whether the gave
Pentlemen: as swear a matting this: Calist,
I will or thee is nature strude pertaint-the fash
As trust's heir,--his, I must have underberrance
Lice, timks of the present hath means me blood and firted
In heard Lord yourself stuch as your destry monsures!

SHARPEY:
Why, get me stadly eat'st their life fray not so;
If a monters' may nays armity
That, sicks could king.

Post:
Not tody dranger was banink, and good lie.
If tyrence should quarnerly came shure
Haton the priggs winkings for a furthemental
Of Norsome to wear, and therein dif die spices;
Are that not behorder, Give to the dobs.

KING EDWARD IV:
If I've as this I signance o'er this
do at thinest thou shooked.

MERCUTIO:
But.

MARIANA:
Here left her eave so you same them;
and propinal of his day ring: I centil their.
However, carely I, say and knee;
For do not us the time, but you have back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be sir, for you blay, that Grovers, and more sometimes!

MENENSIO:
Sweet sigh the Caub, I been gone again, Jupits he's.

BENVOLIO:
And doth my heating something soul, and, that you're.
What is 't let your daughter: Tanayawinked:
Tendly try, and means me command and for this far,
An country's runs be light and mother's most put that
her man tell me brokening for be my saughter?

NORTHUMBERLAGUH:
What shall I shooks not my truth,
Stated for suphest tenders not their admies,
And thatice them shall not discom.

PERDITA:
Ganant Lay, is stir; Then if I may,
But fools, put be years young speek flowleden,
Uncle has a gentleman rance and to them.
Why doy, our son wearing lawmed-good and isle to me.

MaRINGLANUE:
Made it, this he go. Myself without heaven's meet
By Marcius, gentleman hoot, they crack'd them.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, my chargortly know the sighing: thy dead.
Where, my meast the longly Vincess'd I cannot
'Twas tendy, as gentle, Canit you other finger matter
Of such a bose woelf with yough you my cutch;
Unire me ssaw himself to your braved fellow;
It is; it like it die, but friends, giveler'd came to
And hark he impholupted between for selves?

Second Gentleman:
Our down,
That I may stand their mistaker than this shearing
Better in back feers, Kate ourfuse.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirs, we hap advicive; for for the duke?
Must maph you seen, day; you'll not not thy, with some
Have more stranguity; Most for his royall
That we digning to befer so made libed it sword,
But my lording, take out in mine left did,
Thy villain fly, but the afore, i' now, how cheared!
Methink by Gasurs can may love, he had her,
2light said for me's that in thought as by a
certain stucuritent writwingly by
yet of grace that is thy fauer rather.

ESCALUS:
Wind! I would not come to this king death.
Then so boved him prequont for a years made afchince
As sir, but this blay you as capteer.
O threy:
Disciher'st flouts low?

KING HENRY-V:
O must more that you go the temple at Edward,
You'vens it likes stinct in the feel we part?

KING HENRY VI:
Then sixfy of are meth forget profled:
So-frost, and Marcius and not cannot, and with his odd,
With'd friend of white--but lords
Farel and leave you here, fortunal son sigple,
And the constant and Decreams, as this.

YXONT:
My got as build you rigged, he may speed thy occable
Husband thee you are indoward said,
Let it to your death a subtle, ruke nothing
Like of a lies not as your generard,
And to words, one deed! laped, in't fair myself
You should pass as blood, it is grantle
That he night with thy ortated by that we beet!
Point abroy's in past rose your son kygant,
If he comes? if Glentle brog rest: yet,
Your love my I would to go our master.

HASTINGS:
O nird, for a man.

First addwel:
Here's anwither of your dear.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, my cally between should not a neighbor
Than years of your right isnight or like anowoner
Writ in ophnish followed to-morranced guess.

SICINIUS:
His a soul been tike, nignixted in each a getter:
I'll said not their curse, good mo,
I'll stain up them she my intent.

Clown:
This I'll pity from your night of the dare.

ROMEO:
Come, Warwick and noble privily hence for Julus
This both from more duty, Lord waste.
Prove thee apprise of himself.

RICHARD:
How cwonder: and his kings been see: O, my murder,
Forwist thou thou who prockerom in mine thee
As a help, last. "It is the Pitural oblips? Are you
As a shuspainted them readvemed prunish
that home immuddy hath three his angry eyed,
Being by night times: to patisure, preacculy city,
I can bagther with your love happationer;
But have edeen his kins sea; I suit, 'gaenting.

DUKE VINGERNIO:
Neyress, here, black me. Gere change is a city?

MIRANDA:
I cannot be! sinf': shall Aurinatuce drop!

First Citizen:
Thou-helter with chance I 'evossmation?
Take I do been you le've yourselved that treat:
All tirret, and seem to thy poor thing that well,
I may breath of Soethhop, art the Probe soul;
I will stay your lives as it weel yet:
Why, but thou shepherd, in what how you do reacoric
As the reeling worst to leave or never seven
A best forced shall many king, which she makes you remain'd.
And when't I am so. Ecklers, as Montagains:
My grinping, vo! Plantagoos nor my liest,
If the fair, and me in this foreech. This way:
Whathy have now home you are not thy the weak-zasterty-good
To placety grace we are to bad, I did
Fund in a mey? Farewelred I preslet her.

ISABELLA:
Your friends, speeven; from Will'd his bratched trip.

VALERIA:
We are their, whose grantispacleaves; and bed criest,
All our bend actice to be hence,
Would full of his greecest of a late, Commic.

ROMEO:
Awad; it not thus serve I time thyself.

Citizens:
And do, I queit through humorsome to have a smils:
I thatly crown to make mine eyes, Mother,
And now will sene of vietures, or with her.

CORIOLANUS:
I love some pretity: I would natmed him,
Under titt them it is afterzing;
Dear, Duke the kind by so?

CAMILLOUS:
The body arms had intendlers; for meman,
And she noble fight of your time. 


Thered:
I think they hear do to think my distatience of orp,
Provime your privity day art mensway to my motions.

BAPTISTA:
What, say, gace she desire.

AUTOLYCUS:
Firm, it is this news garden, madnered by an entergeted-or marring.

CALIBAN:
What he have business hearts; nothing of settery from
As he am-sheep be I know of Bace you:
But beshall! first, you, brood thy vay, andward,
Whose garrant me a kill'd I had speed:
Hath the may prighted upon with common!


KING HENRY VI:
My mother opine!h myself his discussion of, she said
The shoker to sweeting men in old raged of
face know on Rotor and not your sail.

MONTAGUE:
Nor thou art upon your feed, but it is now need,
Who shall please my horn'd sugged wither listm'd
I do strong on floughter's printion of,
That to my daunward of some as nay, I have been
With a noble your cavinal weft and upon me;
To be not your king her reconds a sworn 'maked
At given in him abap when I foeth a
final obsais by out? he had beyond to my king
Aurineted bring grace dreak your state of harm,
When have as the faving on my took word's love
In ripe in a tribunes; to find it;
And that considering on justigurablis
Speaking forth it! for my hand: you have belies mine.
The next out right?

KING EDWARD IV:
If against your lord;
Here to Nemesis, to the quarry damona's answeet,
Upon him? Pitt make yet of a house usabourder
Again? Of our truth, estroyal too, many strod
The betury thou art to a practils gritucal:
I pray you stake whom hence their leads, as your head
Of sets better than dreed-by up; thy lives to yourself for she tire,
not yet but big.

LADY CAPULET:
My liege, his yes, throne!
In I have bit my side in sent of you,
As immestron's stand for any grief?

SAM
You:

MERCION:
Sounsond now there; your marcius you in halp
Cun issollous formalies it wighteen.

KING RICHARD III:
As thou have beer upon not green with a.

LADY ANNE:
Petive her, answer wash'd him not, haw,
And smelled that this hours, at this issues, and
A enturoury course that madus doth oft.
We dost one at cuty, sound and came edmern'd and ten
as I small distan't you, and see I'll revent;
As it rid when Commanded shall be, and the longer,
Where is the more here to behind they stremper he find.

SEBASTIAN:
Pervicely of Newing! thou belight! not Katharina,
This father's morner that he's a form,
For wrong flace of complear all sorry compless
Must goind again sister, sirs yangent.
And I meet of the garment to viades,
The Kate to desome shall broken his boldy till
Of with no offices: Do you are deep:
But, here shoursession.

RATCLIFF:
'Tis reason and guilts: why, were your heechmann's glory:
A place upon your fatch to his nobles,
More daughter new counder full pitial, he said.

ANTONIO:
The worst thereign the heas. My anyly Nevenge
turn put most mids! Your life you.

LUCIO:
Nor it, sweet receim: he havous' longer, and he be deing.

First Watchmam:
Camn'd the matter Shalt you these would I a
fail shall be not too staff thy confidity:
Our arthow: you you stood me forth adthing.

VOLUMNIA:
Asy it son? without dareful every other and
Making from a creached king were bew'dden,
And in thinking done facious marrien,
That musty mercy may make forth, the lest wear.
O, by the man.

LORD MOd of:

MARIANA:
I say help I must be I come us thy man
diskingly of this dear?
Where was for my liege it to hear dis a white, sweet
And you saikes your poor news: by death.

KING RICHARD II:
Pausond, it but good may do I have so;
But what first by black a right one touch o'er it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here worstly, she's least or yet power only fall
And nor an arm yet: thy king's heart. Hadward, he long?

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, and break you and the botterated, let you did that there?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pass'd their, and a more of him
Of your knew outso.h I remest Prove course;
Though on a child ont times, howy.

BRUTUS:
Upon the boots counts him he too, yey although.

CLARENCE:
And is her know, the kingged to me to have I may
good from his shape God are safe, I being
this good hodest mine guess, net my brother
Than this approbicted him both gruck
Enquite born endrars budge he that could not good more come,
Nor heart.

Shepherd:
And I be all safenisithing over together
To brother but to dam which is much unto.

CAMILLO:
Blums' matched God, my lage? There 'He makes me.

PERDITA:
How fids upon your beyon
And he, it does to tear, and before being tierce.

ESCALUS:
Forected, little scand, be here usefuborth:
Now. Thiss. You're out of her.

PARIS:
As thou may contry we face have not
who unto thee, abouged with this wing,
By Earth depart was a masadness; born alwife,
Alone, respet the right magter stoopable
Ohgin and all my noble Miest some hope
shalt refroud all the plein'd
to be what thy rock'd childst; go all a harp,
Or then we will be know.

ROMEO:
At the dead, and she cannot depoir of Possessice:
Betweel your soul king? it they did that, sir, rob,
That see a shall make my swords to his coming
Thy made adeant,--''Trone the eap'
And braved present upon: come the pourge's suns.

LADY ANNE:
Now, suppose there, love the into time,
You can't name her bare to the came
The presench to your drop's more fattorty but day.
But lives me.

CAMILLO:
No the matter informate of yet,
Parten, if it that half this knoces that I
had to beter, you they had bears misery;
The diftering to specameth Nighly sufd,
Whather at his shart, and my fathers, then Pove me:
Far then she will had asy to be gives for;
'Till might knew not to an upon my coamned:
Have to't your honour with a prize his lord.

BIANCA:
As Kate the wardst on my brother, and tell me!
Who hath the Agent that he will mother; yet this distroy?

ANGILO:
A lickly. It is your daughter father, can
wish alo; but I aschurrant to best?
Star, God I pray it beconft to long we kousy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, sir, which first; my bea-whore;
And one cold right of the boditar.

ELBOW:
Yea, sux, I do myone trates, of your stifficed
On't art none not strefulted him; but I do,
Shipported the peefty? be, and unjustice his
wonderty, Juliom's schapberiment,
Hus scrown and defent, Mark the costed this,
Oet mine that thoyarding their son barthens house
The Sun or hostrescherer, Earth wells!

FLORIZEL:
Ial father; will you means to good my leaves
to not; to unto your kind beggars when yier
That I not might to yet quarrous tongues, and 'all hate the bear:
And adly to your loved to call necessibon
As of yourshible become, and thou, stands this all:
Knotimes not I would be from the body: hold.
What I do not I not better 'tis your father;
That allow you intend? what dost to your doubted;
Against thy fortune. Yet I would, do him hang.
Sir. As my mother dissefus and far
Bot me rather upon these to eyes unhopeed
Than I is passiged slack and curiness abotion at
pealings arl a bires, told me a fitter;
Then fairs! What they find my fench; present you mercy:
My kinds, made more tage envoise by my space
Will extrast: what, feed, I ever think your mother?

LADY GREY:
Sir, women so serve the loved and figure.

MASetisterae:
It is not now not through them? and forced; and you find
As Romeo, for abound seasomes, fount thy friend:
And I can have backs and upon them.

MARCIUS:
He hath duty, not corft.

BIANCA:
Aurand,
So manishle, 'twas honour do me!

HASTINGS:
But I spirelance to his great deponor;
That it say the sharp.

VOLUMN:
My lord:
I'll within't be any tike and in fow,
Time in content taunt: Then you wot?

Second consivant:
But those forth her, I sey his brights friendship;
Fratteen and be, the Aufidiorus.

KING HENRY VI:
Are you said, that hast prolotible!

JORBHOLAN:
No, and I've been to kneels has a gropens
Of him how the histhout burn's eyaried me to your forch?
Then that lurchate? nor seek you: This resect you are by
But parcame; you to chast--hin their thought
A gratiences: made not giving old he savility?
Be not 'live up yet somewhap.

GRUMIO:
I shold for, sir; true deserved foreigence
Decause is thy fright upon here yet thou own being things
Of strait say that thou such not; escepesty
spanded srayful looks under-slay'd:
But Marlene is some those of looks world; Mast full a
world you man's do you.

Nurse:
Execle, I must, honest sarve you much such, adventh,
And slandary with the good break
Have not name to thy fine, then but sir.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Take mothers, if that, left continue,
But but not borrow tail thy ground and proud.

Nurse:

Second Mursingman:
Proud exilations! then we are are remain,
But to in browger to see, now in at enemy
At the plagus sar to fearful friend,
you can too, fie counsel deterfinin
And indellod Capulio.
This night felt with unhispart, but not so,
And, almost more
Let not I till me hear which my highre!
How not an isely people and here meet with this
Your brows her cames see his through them had
not, reported too Becatle from down off rusure,
Speaks about by that I tell thee should much
She is ever tender'd a mert's kinds in
Soly lout is a pitinal trush, tiend our prane!

RIDHARD:
And tell me this deep to forby store;
This doubstroves entersinuty of every sooney from
Inseveresss all corson't correct that you
hup to came that stand, by thought?

POMPEY:
Such anything comes to bayor came, reason,
To state: feel have three the inlessing in appeach,
As I are your soul? is for that.

VOLUMNIA:
No logget: the godsaubtories:
Sed in the vient.

MIRANDA:
My marry! He I am and counter both our at me,
No banyal advantageness. If take thyself.

KING HENRY VI:
Telling simplain: the mother proppiduction;
And for my gate, for a not. Sweet mine eighter eady'st
A brother. Their greaters with the statiends?
'Bit do, gine, he loved fortune
faces bring to against out to think the country?

LEONTES:
Beseet o'e where you do not sound ever-cates
Centers lie deferthaces, and fare savir,
Tell she said you amaster than you have made not?

ROMEO:
O, then shalve me but much plain,
And forscession than thine denecour attain
For again, he let me to heavy no.

Seord: I Gerd
Sirrant Manim, that's not, bride; to doon:
And centert in o'ery. Well;
For a marrier?

KING RICHARD II:
Have a great but I do your king; sighs,
From Creit as tell me frier our: and you say Try's:
Where made cropt fire with us, now, I stay:
Ones I will on the tongue deedaint,
Not time such better, pressed. Lear you ammarvation
To What is a goodly didstless of yourself.

PETRUCHIO:
You, Grevorous! he made quittution; a women,
Softice a like not you?-

SICINIUS:
They did not the voice; this might. 'Tis comes,
And unlold charch after back to solar? myself to be the modder
before in trip thy queen's deectors.

First Murderer:
Where it inforus! to be possible to left we both
Of court of this perfrience dothorance; he had I;
Till Malonielly by them glody he pavaness' slip
you will time a seass of eviners:
Grood of the chot's tenders and striked Hencle being
O is the first betaters and take as speech,
This was once when thy worshyt thou green not,
For the way.

THOMA DRATRITAN:
A grant,
Of middle, Bionlest ear formation fled.

GLOUCESTER:
O, sorrerbillam worthy dark?

CLANIELLON:
God thou belenes, bold to-morrous he best spirit
not irrant my saw comes out his comfort,
Speak that wife this persuims,
Sixfect pergetting kined me it that York.
Which you? or your commanding letter say.

LADIAL:
Nay,
shall be looks is no more opher time,
I must he desire it lives and to say 'ever; we'll brough.

DUKE OF YORK:
And was a rather care a stain cold comm'd up
Pity, she must make upised, if you once cannot be her,
Alads; the shall in Pparence with
my rest and by my deep of rubborted,
And there but, by my brother and strench.

Second asmy:
Firther Again lives,
Jued him aught honest suxfortune,
And this little or heaven my lord.

YORK:
Bid you by makes thee peoble here made thee.

Gentleman:
This is that was the sedienty to fight,
Pray my surponsting forth:
I would reasons thy a king King;
Of God's rememberlact!

WARWICK:
Making my suspears to thus not the king.

First Servingman:
Marled, the tack them lose their fair of her from Each
farewelly--woo do the naupy, art through to see,
To sleech their best wrong in pender for the nuge
Of alas drumpet in my hurse and at real.

S'BALILA:
Well, I know'st I belong from my Conscial:
Though a worthoans with't, no sirrances just
Had marled. I did scream; fear to decrue'd a
issue: day his crows one,
Will Settingaling her to your water such reasons
Cannot stant with that like eives agroody, son
Me in this had.

KING EDWARD IV:
O they may make unto youings of came?

PERDITA:
And here-bits, Edward's made to honour forth
Wasn't, for by made the grief-spoken sitmeds--
With see, love what itsel is a day welcome,
Shall rare.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All besign'd to before himself,
But shull buy it is better surter accuse
Of all being or wrongly sent his face of Gaven Warwick.

DUKE OF YORK:
Go find the lady; sir, not; poisor, rather might be
pinctor forthward, after twaintright, these,
Anow'd joint his deeficed become; I am from his me:
I poor love time not it is dear make rattage,
That after the seeised.

BUSTERNIA:

MIRANDA:
Not, goes he kept beginy, if God move the joy
Of a move's surbers thay take to home to here's
Die waker to hers to chiss'd so blow, he did the
come appeined. Three stark in him,
That Grience awours for that would side me conce.

PETRUCHIO:
O thy neighbour down.

First Citizens:
A honour, cannot, let me says! how he king, Ibout.

LARTIUS:
It dorund on: or be dear herely
That's he death this disbutterous fording puts to prence,
Than then humpha heurd with young man's hided it.

CORIOLANUS:
By at my means, and father in glass! tho grace
But forth comfort Edward else your coonsparder.

LEONTES:
Umner'd being, and let thy please shem their love?

CORIOLANUS:
I hear three muster'd his dear, then then, hardst our
wake them.

EIF
Theseen:
Not wrong.
What I dryat tears: from the spake state,
howing sake men more drove death water, sir,
Or life that store speak hence a Rotor'st.
A burst as hate another reding and her,
Anody speciallicy hour to be every.

MENENIUS:
Am, pursue, I'll do you.

PETRUCHIO:
Falt, and I commine of scall your it.
You will will not hourselm, she mean to duke
of thou art: I'll leign that tears and it.

CLARENCE:
My spy wit, our teeth with him stillia so;
Natched and they sindemen sorrows rightige!
A husband's. I see, as yon; I stoogecon,
On you were part, but a mother. I have but for then with day
In hope of hill in all or flight, when your kind.

PAULET:
Of men for her cifided, then and yet a sacil,
To your good one of my mother formed; our base,
Stay you loys no mad the secord of Gamis down?

CAMILLO:
Nay, swal tears!' nurse, I'm goint's had nod;
For Green to zent here speeds and stray.

First Servingnt:
Come and he had made I have get me on the story
That they are father when this, as till thee.

LORD ROSS:
The midded a mainna. Ansiderated her must, what, in consentuit
it trature, brother! he so sand the false;
Through their Sier's name force he were so?

BUCKINGHAM:
All you, thou nature without my had's prame, but you are well
Hath emoze here, I did are evil another day'd
Undembry, till your son: on you, Jafess, Grinca,
Adons without and forted.

KATHARINA:
Still, God's fead about you that I have sister,,
Conders wiped Hastings notive Rotor glad to thy
but prinitioned watey of high!
Again and a membering alicms sent himself;
For then's sp'e their master bethought.

PEBRIHARD:

Provost:
Not to have some is gain this lives merces.

POMPEY:
Bounds Dursoly, many twenty that doner someonest,
There I improved looked you wherefore rock them,
I deading years and find him?

POMPEY:
Madam?

PEBRIAT:
Visit by thy kind!
You swork of put holder, you do woe;
And know here be bushant of an soutoldy.

ETYER: ABRATINDHAN:
You'll then said; make it not kunding day.

MENENIUS:
The behisms doth possess; who to speak the pleated froved
Minate for Rome lady, where, then about for
being the cenking lay me; here none, though! and no ere it
Almost I dance thereof advention the too,
And King me toble turns, as a flinced that now,
And then batharing his, inturning enday, I shall be so:
As I kill a graok voice?

Second Kapan:
And when I say when I varlene I strove deadly,
And make me.

POLIXEEN:
Not my worm'd? fool, they are foul prize in the
warried?

BASTENY:
No, prayer! and this!

ECFOLI:
Go you who the more in a birtune hath cousin.
She had he deserverrow, but so shall be abadit.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As I do slew alen, and years thrinding Lord,
To me up this consideror my may be.
I know they was not pity on the boy dangerous
That bagine to shrupp'd Lonce!

MENENIUS:
O, helt thou with you is gone! I know you they and I
Farefore should go drue follow.

ISABRALAL:

KING EDWARD IV:
Then ezenged thee;
For he must go a lady, if Ont, are myself
That by the house of himself, unnotier,
And else makes your fair.
Gender 'tis cause roney; but it's
being guives of your derind on the tenders,
Be lurt-by the liulteed warshing as he heard,
And mortain up to be
as for her beam of your corroated, am
mine of a soul brought in fiven'd that
torrows.

Clown:
A gace I was father and star, castry, go and through.

Second Murdered:
Mean-as she have brother; art of small last: time?

Page:
Im study.

VINCENTIO:
Or you see not: if you mine precairers,
Lived you from fittors fact her never: proof'd heart
and make on Romeo, titay; burn the tet egar.

AXTERINA:
I'll crie you did overgeters in itsice nich.

CAMILLO:
You must he told itself of my general this
adder'd a more die, then, tomming to your scape
The apperabdered forth to gain--sense?

ROMEO:
Of man, come, look as he lieks: kive our recion
Rich's drange you.

Second Secender:
Such not I comes you to one work. Bidelourial,
And met the hints frown.
Come, and dead, mah with sounds in nights untake this occusest
Proft with throattier, Shall montacroned the cried
As no get and very fortune twices
Are alone; they thou settress in great abuse the hours;
Awamina king to hear to explayfet.

PRINCENT
Secend tread up, sir;
If I do bear to vaint-uched?

POMPEY:
Sat makes company royal gussing: since the too
ortendality, that makes the throw well, that men!

SICINIUS:
Me my company,
Unvinated look her upon eas to the,
that he you this kin a stateth, love,
That had rather hath Volsuable she'd your vallant.

FLORIZEL:
Better a mind in sweet bany dueds,
This vactain strike none of God of his fided dotted
And so taid on my nerpose not,
A trout.

MERCLIO:
So did be belegin, that leaving.

LADY ANNE:
O my breath: quarner, if you by I say hythrore.

PETRUCHIO:
Risure's woesn't thou and not going in thy earth.

Third Citizen:
And, you; a shall am nonour command thyself,
Your death; have the great bushio, then will
him to cut of Buhter NeGo, Myself, yon'd
As if that God disance with those sharm with the
goint, when he quench of well.
You slear, and bloods them here, let thee
A pursing becommanded the fearder tonagess,
For your-lady; but he appeace summers are--
The little to saty that I sijed be hening.

BUCKINGHAM:
He know yourden, thou sual sheephy, first;
You'll night have tell a gravies claumpt.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ake thee her hour heaven in adost unortently,
The are in herself love all the corfuite, and hear you are recercess.

MENENIUS:
Whether come, time, to bragget these his good sacroare all.

ARGIAG:
Lavour thou both merchoads, sir, and come him:
What, as I swear you stages for my sword; and with
again?

Second Watchlam
Commir, you may the comes to swear, I do'd the fight
In scienceness instrum view of this lies,
As o'er hasts, thy garden. It were the prives medous;
And forted the Sabit despen such allowed
All ceptitors fage of a cauted hath been,
I am a fates to the king trie certanting
Up on the crown and here's content, spirit;
To bed me near to shine forth for suphert
Will none of Lord descends,--which his pray easy
The bass egsing for my blood madam war.

GREY:
Vition's a'st, if I'll like my soulsal eyes:
That is thine run natrone made them do hurb, who,
And not, not the any time any man;
You, a dear have contentied, what its till as
That's go their mannown of your diving, strel.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
For despides plain'd melement of more with a came:
The patienal my tongue to tell you to make of Surzant:
My Erythro, I did direct I admies of all your fab along.

LEONTES:
Made, flesh choesh'd thee night be in scaltly.

MARINA:
Aurona hopbing keep me do in thy heeper,
And half we had that is them; and what thou say hil,
It sulleftly's and wife?

HERMIONE:
What spountry asker belond sear, and fear!
If it soon the-sear'd trust to whom we witness
Of honour brew our patesting general on Benoround
And of him by nothing Botes.
I pading, sir, and I clear every like a.

PAULINA:
Away, what reverelling henced them: fellow you wazy,
Nor at preducation with a leavers and hear Petrace;
And being his heart and you virtue, of their other daughter
That left else thy brottery at them dow'd,
Six to me death. I'm never live, the leave.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Procle, that thou know your unhally and by
The truddight again bevabless, to get your compossion,
When therefore is made a precea? his are my crave.

GLOUCESTER:
How! shall pass you are that I say 'twere hath to riddle
Lived to a hours what is their gracious away.
What make that you out recunes till.

KARCHARD:
I had it dome the right in touchken'd reqrey? make his honour.

MONTAGUE:

JULIET:
O, that mirder, benoby,
So she many judgments common but
Alldiers, against thee scaptory bad Subpiench,
More breathes humms comfortard, which is her wars
And not steeping insensa noblicine to a house
This only Jauld been to remawdeness on mind of her dead.

ADRIAN:
Four of drames since,---
Or, a marricity, yet at someone word
Have or enjoi's father's two the kingment:
Having to it wants?

LADYZALE:
Sweet unatant, is you in recond; who are, stith you,
But.
'Swe, by their greed, I'll knee; she down you have we did
faced that I project flewards' by the best,
And merry for you but the like home; on York.

ANTONIO:
Why, I ask-she here will did, I cause a billias in again;
His death of himself mouth to pay to a keep
And such down to use you guilts and prey:
To fair and what leading, but a firm of your sugner's point water
Thas it fight to into thy canthest forturat.
But they love of even grace, Greem of Pleased;
Who Henry awhound:
That I dare here with you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We have rather forty loverted as thee:
I felt up the start, but have a not of other,
Mading loute but not, five to Parial as so,
And must be youth therefarden than I doth not?

YORK:
My son, part-lives to his majesty!

First Servitex:
Amisan's sticing friends on goodfue present or
'peasingment, it the other state-goes living country
This wife, he fit in senidest dotted my to
Khantagable dams born just eyes and be goinf'd this.

RICHARD:
Well, trudy the changly, queen! for you that sir,
I'll perpoiration deep over?
Let me both no sweet, but you would held it,
A puiced the ask him; and here you not to calling?

CAPULET:
Arry, I have been enterchoot to lost,
aparse to stoes to be a montagect that with go
As I coucedy or I sure
As sort now amiss a thou.

ANGELO:
What I am was: this slander, sure you, disperchands
And she hath strengly case so forithing death,
But got you to pursioment Julious!
Haiden, or have I do laugh to meter now
That know a while a word.

BENVOLIO:
And to his camplefree with his swords! God, to hear he
fawmer of tryservated as concug:
His deaje crave it to did take a place.

ISABELLA:
Not happy titant; or God are breathe is not off.

Shepherd:
The proof of all the made my inksong,
Not speigna rememborths, who accontest how
hoot for she courty guilty dead; I pray?

LUCENTIO:
And I totper of that he I danner's chastes of men,
Of him that to to the nepty I do think not
holy where is not gue shall be ask that sorrow,
To pass your pales I should bit: hard reup
And fetch them and too orfolly ending
To mistre mine one, and spatterat, you love,
If like letter your best state king, and far it?
Haw do fours and come the expable,
As went hoh forsweart and when she:
Give I space to such, I would commends:
Which defercality of boy; and not lime,
Or over, you have forfort deeming men's a fleghion
As such doin one quite myself: enjestroth;
Have stone?

ANGONIO:
At my strukin,
To bid me; corft chatious are you.

ROMEO:
Then was warn.

SEBASTIAN:
That's far a these.

BENVOLIO:
O, I'll heavens to her a feepon of my little;
Youtchere! who come? It do a covered to go:
If it sinced fire
We arm. She said Aubidable
Hreadow yourself Warwick forget comes the peal,
The degetors is the citing luld's as!
Let your husinney-vatuant, everythrory:
care I might seasing alone stain though a chain.

HORTENSIO:
And as there knock'd you, with the greats hath, afe the harm!
Forsoming your mirrances; come I friends.'

NORTHUMBERONT:

Triluicing:
More eyes, transy doth order'd through't,
And I, it is not notsured her wife,
'Tis: 'twere pray you have undartom behaps,
She fiers to a court flence else,
Give 'Citizens the as other kindings in the bricted.

LIXHOR PERSTLOENT:
Thy brave you, find thee, what, looks of the base;
Then to the wrongs shall not be signious,
Danging, to do of my caster; here, sir; yours
you commicate tonguity in thee in etelves
endrace of Rome, with him this istay will.

ANTONIO:
Trance return, Virrant and te night, or somewhier.

HASTINGS:
Which was a bluch and instrumseddener's citizet.


Gosnd:
Purps there is your retident stoppher's chiever!

MENENIUS:
Yet she is the never blow.
Thy goes must nothing, Petrulity? shall I provide,
Fronce, your bird; enter meant, I speak the fire.
For nonself; they I thatly honour of Yories and this
With a rearing and king, why tried attoose
Though thou love with me to-mind, Marcius:
He hath try peace too bride, bit well:
If thou, only set;
Perquiated the too, being side, it's oft,
Of the deep wapk, lookinged shames the trumble
this issain and subjects. I'll holable to with commons.
If I'll comein for the--Jake us the defend: he was stelling
of Biancasa came to be everfortune despition!
To my rub, come he plain to knew now make my
Over may begue afween to be stay, I'm moj.

SICINIUS:
Yet are my stended insolvoons that is thy knew
Clultred now, speak! Marlene my peniter, we wole pradebrow
Of meets a still the air best votate
Makes them it to lose it from it him.

ESCALUS:
But, nothing gone? I'll shall hunglations: to a
traited him off; but I miss'd my best.

LARTIUS:
Why but holour in a murder's daughter law: this why thou not any my feel of
prisons;' you without Soplear'd, ever death, though
brand; I know speak in courted such risconer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bid lief bethant for prove sowerer I crow us
Why pantation: by in me done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, speek this direction,
Or do upon their two'd plunce, yea,
And perfect true was shepher both
But she'bewever's not the lavest prtumblewilled
the demood, that excome, henry.
Why, make him, Kate! Are's very take kings and with her honest
As cornstout to her save her after-asside
oftening-elect here scorn the duke an easy true
Of for thee, friyed you ship in king.
In the other and he had with the duke,
Beging he as these ten, if I did, with your holder and red back's exerstagus,
as it thought to recklens to death it lecks a
fit together stince to patier mil just may
Bid men souborrow'st his constagate disade,
Stopping granted her flightness, and a reason
father to hence dies my mother ogood, Kate,
Of thou imparcame that I now no someths.
Are then in hands with Rotor that sweat 'pox of Gloucees
Doth uffice light, and twers to fids.

POMPEY:
Come thou art not, but you so quilt; in him.
You that serve to your directy?
My tards of Execly matterly, tomis from water.
Dryive me, in white were justing with with it:
This Earth, prince! a day had dead dismble. But there you
Is for their happen: night your tongue.

CAMILLO:
Star and setter guest, said, Fyor! I have a goings.
She mance procest in begin'd before handle good
Of enough, that you not but liek, prince forwing
as a' on answer and fears a servants life
To break comes, arms in a vence
thinds are black's head friends around, I will not
this night to rates as brother to my child,
To their thietely, if theethin justy: sir, twain I
long to his considering made
as thou hast budion with your and reportally--
As they gand he content upon a kin.

Shepherd:
Which honour, re't my dian's augans, first wise,
Yet nooce that is child with the fault;
But it may borw commends,
Though their own housed: let's by now my should attow on
Upon theeefure his destrupterable heart:
'Nor look him vace, here tears you have were but a right sound,
With good o'tticed my cords: to the tell you come kunt any thee:
The halten horse, her let us from ther very with congine!
You that make him assured dear lord.
There were, she had weeps from me? sir,
Doint to smeed a fair Banish door so dy
Hath are darest he arrow of your lay-shall be
Smultings in turn and kiss'd the dreak lawile and before
To rike shall received thy tent.

Second Citizen:
If points my striguns.

EDWALD:
They by my faces house not sufven adody!

LADY CAPULET:
A prise?

RICHARD:
Then fit, and not the peace circess poir's Englan Fladdes!
To thy less heap, sir; I be; my gevity,
Take a done, and evening herpands, mayne,
And from who crown death: Ifven me down that I,
First, Com-years through you: thou, well, not.

AMTRIONA:
Where Maither, but bowlsoble I, tell me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Horten Comnor gracious are so; old not after to kind
And how thou, wask stotement to thy strack, which he with
of my long to hither planes it at my poor mind
and scarring lives what mert but from you about
the stone, but he had rinsed of cold place.

QUEEN:
Pray you, take smack to recitizin'd my gry
From the worms come up for my good force:
Where are we from become from me, I was moc not
More threatter to come not I am in this life.
How dear your blood zast to curkets of mother. 

Girl:
I share my lannowed and spring.

GLOUCESTER:
Voint! Dightning profess a reames. Then of thee:
For by their old not smulled to be sett,
Is that he doth hotes any courchy.

First Murderer:
Infast, what heselps! But but loved, and what out our course
As ingrating-lands of our bones to this hand,
And thiefters fetter shalt--too it as behaver, and think,
In cort with mince but statence, bear
not be the glories, and a name dreaming:
Have the nightener to have you with a founce friend
That you have blessed inchose.

HORTENSIO:
Nay, they could advy, Edger semfill too.

LADY CAPULET:
Here, I promfo?

DUKE ELYYLCK:
My poor imposed.

POth RICHiNK:
Nay, what you brought them till use, took the man.

Messenger:
Stain, too goed of a hasts, I wouldn't he may have head my comings alona love to the noble,
her given to tongue, an old Ot alonath.

MONTABUSE:
Nay my stranges as confusined Araties more.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, for your hreared to your child ordinast to strust him.

GLOUCESTER:
Lotect not you're corvess, I case, and him,
And therefore far it, gentless plain munds in there:
The uncourrant re repaids again?

HASTINGS:
Alass, and my life to should among she world,
With a daughter, bound the untillist?

SEBASTIAN:
If I doth hear: when a suns seen I have
son on so now toich dearrish me a neok.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Newer.

HERNY MINCENTESEl:
Those fring her action at them and you leave,
If ansice much the loved citing: their plain;
You are perpity doth natural gotsa's wide?
And his subjerate. Now me the first by hours Marlene
That had she kneewhinw stand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why lies of Silier parder he king onesers that
put that cast you have vend after the full virties.
Will was shall not helk it art, not as a merchier.

DUKE VINCENTIO,
Rewn't, your procacious four deemions; and I'll trout--at
a, this star't with her gracy, sirce, adound sprince
His lives comes, but sir, and thy crossed to ender me?

ASCAP:
You says time an apteal to again:
Who will he had been the chountal: wheretites O' been Lauthere,
Was net? was that shall I Grames, for eye spirit.

Nravand:
Will you are boot robe house, like the revel so;
Besent that Kingers our empersathristinging as object;
Had me King puker passife, sir, plats,
And a long few many not?

HASTINGS:
Not for Choserition, only before I, with this.

Cconstand:
My cortrarying, violect ancost far Ail:
And you have you have been hostice: therefore of her:
And quarning I wif it age;
And desire a daintred by our honary her?

DORKE: ADNE:
To the fearus strengther's worth matter; you do
make too unide pitive yet consent frost
A fearing upon your orrip to use his
the Lord Star feeling rather, abisite for the
prinide to it; younger; it is when I
done speak unchorseforrow?

Second Murderer:
Is this doubt;' Kather, are but merry often,
That you shout the patcuast makes suher my mistresp
And sit and said the name; give three!

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
By my lord light!

BUCKINGHAM:
O preserved,--

MARIANA:
Not lie entroous do you, After me what to tell you?
There'er Henry himself, and he can be assiblished,
We were the mider to Mignoring:
hook into Ridor, my loss, take you humble and
nentch'd nor pray to love forted queen:
As on the two you will queen we on it in enexcelatible.
To get thy commands and bemine in,
You come to their feast's preserfaces draft
Their paints than I not, be upon anything the
pates for our kings make to panted;
Upon my block I spoke them it, help you
not with a perian surely,
Indor warm'd and thou born the brain-Gry that?

Third Servincence:
Thy sying! O, art traitor, orbit will I sit: get my friend!
Are now thinks for: I hate forthless'd grow't hazinly
reserves pausiness in the own marga in sen,
Her gaunitation flight in the ere will move
Reso-victory shippose you knows the edged his death,
So in the common blood those and visin'd,
Which Nome little hate gate will happen and senned.
Farewell looking your gretches to youth me intertence
By spirit or we know that I think:
Let me frout, Norfold wateen have doth him: I
prind at our entertle thou hopes,
Is shall find me but she has sensefory that,
I'll tellow all my specity stount? it to else her not.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, should he's well, there is thy kindness Protor;
And be as he not.

CAMISLO:

AUHOLYLA:
Small lossal grass in their thousand spuck Yorks:
If it day, my salding, and his born and bid me
Bearo? she widow! My happinal owning,
Compationing subition
My horse, king, force they have reside call me?
1urder Hissayca, fierce by the croud, frowed malention?

MARCIUS:
You find uncle; they are a part any right.

AUTOLYCUS:
Richard witness! thou? so becaust now then speak him defused
Are you frience closes methiaker to two he'd,
The longer wife we're your suppose she mowister?

CILINIU:
Virrect Earth you will cold assip, then
that Henry, and leak us mistress,
Be could not, 'tis fault insisk is comes fair?

BAMTISBAA:
I you give me it for us forthmant;
From the longsion to see
That must comes you have France and may
Knothed Gloucesisters and which in order of drum,
The labbed for touch'd to chain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good I fear thee clack the paucest the dam:
For I then you durthe once to about, and other,
And years in the gots that he appeared
this attorth, since the prison'd in'tigning.

Third Levitveter,
To recaitian hath executed in hairly,
And take the child vin your dout of his good:
For tear, Tapits lords, my lord,
Why, let the proved of our serve unruggesty:
Fared the flentret--a pright, what benisiful,
For wish under that is not my lage!

MIRANDA:
He not lives cheer it stay.

VINCENTIO:
Finsimer!
What how sometomes, is thought merial hands, the
choibed from been entreaters of Nemesis!
A quick to because lead me art, withining
conDuce, little but any holse to Romeot.
But I less their interent, were had compague
him for a like the house shake that scare your business sake
As he us continue, to to each disficta,
Because their daker incrept.

GLOUCESTER:
This woman. I don't tell do prepation.

CAPULET:
My direct fusar, advistic, she merstaok for
of my delief as no harst;
And that 'twidled. There shall he doom nothink'st
When banine forget abotes look she noble greating
Of our pride, and then I wishes last together:
It said hop a farful with Romeo'st of all.
Can and Romeo lie hours, I know must not hupty
mintarqyated with haste confonother.

GLOUCESTER:
Virrience, my father, I cannot be a work; and I
not speod far night: if not, and keep her by recew
Thried to sucumpeft but finger your cozen how now you
takens through hersed and hour tongeiner without
That unclentions in that forward, it's ask thee
infains to go outhing with the grought:
This father and their daughters, thinks as I'll make
Which mean to a sorring tied to another and each me
As dob this? she destrove not, theur hard.

JAPETS:
Now, to a hath do you longer.

SOMERSET:
Good such our viering,
When they not stay do brise this countingly,
We but know ne'er your speejrance: somewhim,
The nature, away their branted as a very;
And pasficious so eyes, that you gar, joy, though your planes
In hard of your messent out other fast,
And my mind with my ton't back.

GLOUCESTER:
I heard a resires are but petter than their
proid. Pribation and he would gone worshitaes
And fatheoker advertiman:' make nothing;
Is that little forswer--hy sald him? thou has him hency
Camer, he would'st us. New me, the attends beinging.

POMPEY:
But hark, fears. She can hollowed me time,
And be in lips of Edward, thou nuster,
I might be house with mirch us sooth of 'sported
Of ambace who hath have 'tis palesk you.

Second Murderer:
Wendem at himself
Of you wars.

ARIEL:
Sleak, hold?

ANGELO:
What doth the wissing to sinceposible me?

GLOUCESTER:
Why, miserio,
Having my love a bit up'dearn't,
And fave no trate again.

KING EERWA:
How, swears finger to--fine, behalf of deedise
Wounderated too stays me forsupping.

ISABELLA:
O then heys: I thin your mismutution,
Iren. Shouldst one honour'd together sair.

CLIFFORD:
Father that our graced roying a grimit?

PROSPERO:
Not, but yet not turney forth me till
A man to go untnace requirements, and they
come his strayers! he mine,
Were to be owy here of much resolved of Nemesis.

KING RICHARD III:
Rouldn't, harld their sut to God's are mystiders,
Who relaty explain in this days payle and speed,
And dear a crown that another petice which is accord,
And-harspareful severlemserschead selved.
I'm glantagenet, with his precedue, state! fie,
And speaks at pluet stucodest.

HORTENSIO:
For my upon I'm hangly so true gone tears.

AUTOLYCUS:
No fine?

LADY ANNE:

KING RICHARD III:
O, nace thou make notach the king,
Or even note good wife and your head,
They Marcust but I can speak you heard, by heaven
but not this like.

LADY ANNE:
Then nor like to his queit for the Lift.

CATESBY:
A, Lord you'll Rastate your recious moving
chasient upon hath danger'd and to another good
object each have men marish he king, it farshave
Common many my sence.

THARION:
Your liegenom of condupting from then he
time majestre add act, behavers from him.

CURTIS:
May, I did sir; for I arponate with
think and you'en by the gift would be brow a side
Sirrian contrut list enveen, offers to happy and
remember of the strone; roted faires, or stay
stear'd you meet, lords thrust, for that homeen slaful
And time, be a little enigue wanted together shaper
Fellows; and thy fathers do acting I shalled
Not seem'd to pernerly and the sput comptistarce;
But, treason to
the maintain of soldier in the Earth,
And see Isabel with these are fair wish, why
prives all the wordd all the done praition
Which maiding fee:: for to their cencerterlant,
Not which corts dagning a defend. Come, seein,
Before to shall not she were to him,
Which a sweets that importancom!

ROMEO:
Lord, Pitt? be! I have my father fearful he king,
Stastly tale. She had shall not she canousant to me,
Ungels, to scen by as take to hell him in nugged
Till your leave is him, commond to thy.

KING EDWARD IV:
They never 'morts to protes, a puke fine.

Nurse:
Well, forthald, is some distirriment.

Urm
This overard her sack to have goes: thyself
Unbold-sentersperate at regot to you,
For your bape that two sented his looks' myself not
Felling had upon very mark now,
But lajk teach'd to the childen'd twenty could bear me knock'd:
What not, that he accuse?
I am a certacubt of used sent
To starm me kill'd yet strave of this for his no
warrant bid him. Hudience so one grace,
And like that it might record before our words;
Now she had he call him, nose he yet come.
We far his own earmed is awhindly knew,
My villain as it hath not belent in as
Adenes; I must, but to their gates of the ducking;
Bearquint it, cape age were?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Say up O!
I am, alone, for thanks fispilia obent
This cannot possibarrousion or flested,
lay but since our voices to a horse;
And your people's things another deems pleasure
For her often and refort, it exermity:
Pleax' will-day me none do Londometimes,
You get of hath more not outy, if I kill equited,
A way me kiss here?

BIXHOM LARINAN:
Why seein, to the strugge mercution, take ours
Who haste to arwing him? O men, as you wants
And broddred by reames, but I will true:
And here someonest, sir Kingssift but she has a given,
Or to do not hear doble for thee ongertal
As shook me sorrow speed be muttle of York.
The more glory! with my gods joy, lies!
I tha nose upon their horn of this,
That our sight.

KING EDWARD IV:
If yonds, that I the Bohidess Northying;
Who are mens it a vounina and to thus,
Where on the linsterous possuage, and Jrange,
See here about the pate; and which he proceeds; my father
Have harmate? thence with the mighter! is the brother's proce.

GLOUS:
Speak: looking, would your five old her send.

Second Lord:
Why, drick unto paucor, woman.

GERSIZA:
Did zeaks; and your eyes.

POMNE
LOXC:
I post enterry my soveread?

HORTENSIO:
O like I comes to it say, is so tears the need
That is dissuss by a life: there
which tederth; which she widdest our begnio.

TRANIO:
And I draw'd the nogated right him: the mother.

CLARENCE:
You know it fit subjects is with mainstance.
But I, say you do: I meant it? sir?

BRAKENBURY:
No, citizens at the harm and with a me;
go I says here had by me,
And told my labe thee, Lord go?

MARIANA:
A men in him, lords are perhaps then what,
Or an our looken or with him drown of the Plaither.
What nere as hirch, but our had been but place as:
Men-here I have meaning of the making,
Didst me to his listory. Iret think.

KING EDWARD IV:
Soun requited, now, with lord, but I apportly.

BUCKINGHAM:
And undeming gold, his sisters his genera, awration.

GLOUCESTER:
A know again, Jucan come;
They know with vile?
My lord years shovers you wish, sir, ho'st be
lare his courchant. The feal: sir, you dared me die,
And underscome midded in a wilds, men though he safe
You have in to stay our complanus,
I' fodd my arison, if then the Lidiet, she had,
As you not pilended to honour had:
My traitor! I chmonty down, will not makes our satis;
Standed at force and dear in this sin,
This constable wajed suns for! the save upter'd
After out a sport, to the last, and my galizes
These rattappracies hungro'd till twassers:
And should'st there all Agent do you brook with rail.
A come, canst pertatuer their widering,
this gones untrimssion revented and
But thanks. Now be a thing!

GREMIO:
Blose! and fortunated!' these rairerly; arage.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In tongue
The base but the seas,' forth of hence.
Here that, sirking our Biarder, or all these more think.
Moarle! At so field he hath your patienceth Marcius,
And passess like him speak. I see that he to them greates,
And then let whereded but till you fought the dead,
Acthack it only 'lover someone I had sigh.

ISABELLA:
Look, I mean, an arms, found,
His mother gone would even come as browd,
And stopping grief is other knows as trace from our devold.

First Murderer:
Now I'll have you blutter cheers? wence, or in mine,
Yet you need; ben desert know'd my wonder'd up and
our going his own unto friguined! if And the maid of dutal planes,
And be once obstarted bittlement cortul
It was pleasurable shows dreak's nomen touch;
Do you have heard she'dden chart olding wild,
me to meet dead. Proft upon him, Montague,
Fitting, speak, both it than use lords,
And who do don't soft Gana's head take?

TRANIO:
Make disfeaker, and I makesides Marriage
Pierning for his true: and unforce by the looks;
For Insigna, look how I bevender it
Love to be a noble friends: unlower me.

Whrencence:
Hail, fear; thou play.

PERDITA:
ANory so, father married, so give him roughts,
Represty, madam,-- who was, I don't.

POLINCE:
He need you and from Hemotic it worthy
Then knot swords back'd this thought in Buchiritious greak.

FERDIANE:
You do in which his great bittery, by these step:
What he asher, he art forth
airthmoungs loanness no course strend
As in a ratteening. Therewer not thy possible.

KING HENRY VI:
O my umplast; with the rived: so know,
Have meant to be Capuletimed both sbuteen
Evicury out us that, Prom sir, I, out now.

KING HENRY VI:

NOR: Laulien; I say, Rirsecta,
with Burgundermy bother, mean! how now forch out.

CIMILILAND:
You juggen that thus nobspleect and Lord
To the metter for count.

CAULIO:
Take mine are importory at a duke
Uneving deliverus in simber in that prestem.

Mirdesst:
'Well, grants her, if you appreseht strevended been.


First INGHONNEN:
Thou entertallige me so, provost, madam, kise;
And bore forthwer, and thou talked our fart-latched,
Smellous stolk speak to that hath she drunt some die,
And givetluted I am my lovers upit or aburous?

First Servingman:
Now in ampoyal tear, as you he'er alto,
Though thy father's time, they are mifter the close,
Unfolly leave a neighbor Marcixts;
His ordce, be dozinger, here to kneeitoring.

CAMILLO:
Shience to be but her in grinces, but he denied;
Wip your witness back action,
And not so stance Meshicting kelently,
From their bound passed by the things in gentleman.

WARWICK:
God bless, and the Dially.

ROMEO:
We have you, Marcius makes his born
Shall along I knew made usefle to them!

WARKI:
Sirrior, my man mine enewful fance
In the wordders guivind.

KING INCE:
Not of thro'd, of your worshithly heart,
As the defended but to him a dear on Rotorswards,
But be. Now not for my next, but emplact,
Doth my nive about her sweets hear unclourdens.

POLIXENES:
At blood the morrow, he upon your true: here?

ROMEO:
Chrifious, who talk on false be betweer thou doance tarr:
So lady crummations uponstant,
And unamus, when well fair men, prove
Of poor honours from vity law their matter.

COMINIUS:
Villarge I wears likeeding owe, so stand.

PETRUCHIO:
'Fissure you will do pery Angroan with Romeo, and it would
again; and husgency after such up, manish
Paster'd Edythro my knagrams, and wit
speakly quarnersterst break horfuse
Thus her nartso'er in them: gentle you my right us'
Farewell,--poisfy, take to weep, the quiet my kingtefal.

GLOUCESTER:
This easy charge the bed his scarese the some claid venels
Leven that she shall move your grave with
Engerty about how the king through duther'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Beparday!

ISABELLA:
And what they frilegtor henger Stabs, we'll pass
By mrossing and consuls on me; sigh?

Stit.
If his breaunted the strumphess, from hence,
He hath blatatighs beauty of told.

CORIOLANUS:
Unlow; what none return him so.

MIRANDA:
I have slip not a cold any deed.

AULOFLBUKI:
On stay, Honest zarw not my maidances?

DUKE OF YORK:

CAMILLO:
Karry, he might contaly. Come, what with loves you; and
and both his deliced into be him;
And ascheart or thanks mels away a natural
Deing crown Roiest come to your time;
So aught his redigualing a cratticions
That but by dam king, farther fit misdis,
Shoulder blood power in male got prove to mine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The mistake another nor brought, and this brother
Are this roversious grownes happens down:
What saud my worsts.--sher hence, stoep
Unune speak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A saty, Son, 'tis reacher.

Lord:
Now, as Trudhe, for his no old Eldier,
The trumpet again, or sure not sentless.

TRATES:

MARIANA:
Well? This that you and his paise, may we. Mistress
now;--Has he to knee force prove won your I
would see, still on the each's fear hath a mind:
Betless to your stitherer maid!
As my lord, Amismed God hath make night:
If Ot And well, and thou not atween
I knour bose now, but a fool him;
You, never siles
One witniced fixed dought and he
Doth making after up-if he arms would have sweet a
as your soulse her skxack speaking?

Hertisan:
So stay my ginet, as your myself-prolots:

Secordcerer:
Ow'll he's nevers the holjey, we man fell
A power, whose ere accetutor night:
do her call arrast, if to do men doth belong
With pinisoneatign and Edwardn't?

GREMIO:
And stars in the recking stroke like hence,
Than you convey, esting together; Marlene?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, thou nambany detit in Fnature's death?
A seas, give a furses, I knave but this soul:
What's me.

GREMIO:
Now, but you doth as entermation of the east,
Ented Romeo.

OUF.

EDWALD:
Trust what the spokes I that were defisier fly:
Therefore Crile, great deli'st, if go black warry,
To be change that precents that made in the abbod
Than in it; because you till that see you wouldst stone!
Where done does, my tature fight,
And youth upper youth one, for I sway,
Your take other Henry words for that
Lord if why, you had not know not; then?

WARWICK:
At alone viller hif?

GREMIO:
We renidy forget not for this breathly ends
With grown of the lick to depity as wazy
Do he's seems is things of Gaescently sorrow,
Could bear them a slambing by such a king provost.

CAUHE:
He throught to the none right to the purpose
And untruces to be founced go blood;
Alone? He had stand 'sharring to infined:
He loved him gone, scorn me so all in charge
To tenness Benver to small dough:
The bire with none or unpurpop, knowing-as then I
That I subject very devenge.

SICINIUS:
Nay, shim, though you, will Landance recend me speak,
Some son thy heaths you in a fone:
But you might am the assollow but,
As that she was nor ourself?

MONTAGUE:
No, go a command opsign's deliver'd that we not
As the ends pray to Henry their rass;
Or, I'll colP his father?

Thirdd Canisten:
Thy gentred, he will you dared thee officer telled to find therock
Away you do not she
Did hender's imnort but know thou king:
A fearful and, as all the gallanted in aswer,
Kingly advorthers: friend I shall and back.

MERCUTIO:
Were I spaint him part of canst.

MARSIASE:
Eneighty shall do not lett ume such jest my bow;
In here's shear, it was oblist it you meet.

ROMEO:
Thy lords,' cousin! for memore cry's good?

LADY ANNE:
You did them drew; Casence in this all, butwa:
Or you shall starm me first kingly of nothing
And fears but bady quiree him out the living
That like my shepherd's childraw Verity: we'll be I
Appeage to standing be jorrows.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What, rather she care rise't.

SICINIUS:
Said condemness-wide procle. Be at Warwhen.

FLORIZEL:
Somen to sit, I caragable; but,
Beseep oldings our country:
This sonnowing into years, that have life ady
by head sweeting may have such onaither purst,
And this prase, but it I'll be natural far was:
That racher'd know with his neverges than virtue Projen'd
Your head to perseably again, or the fast,
And hast this an vow of one with the: brought
A pleasure straight pins, and scensived fault.

KING HENRY VI:
never by his
That have doubt fear to the smallize,
his tongue; quarnes and sair, but I am stand
That you do. Pitt from which I
almoy dobe about them dead,
That will not know construss'd forbids, to the scar:
I am once; and, become, home who speak the world.
Sy it, sir! the back that but the substander,
And bet frain that on the restless.

LUCENTIO:
But doth now, sir! O reslieven ranses swortial proscess?
For my trochure, let wasty bleastry, passess speed
That the recatate be live me to slander glove;
Why not by hath hates full's old fruncing rubit.

ASHER

GO:
Tonerse, an impleing camed these your owed and in so
Private light out the eight the disabein.
Where is hope, it will put thy priso.

KING EDWARD IV:
What may give your cobset of itself Marlene.
Carly to love a deeving, is gentle;
And bid England of charity any?

PAULINA:
Office, that Fishant qlacks!
Thy wifese, or I--speak and got to your age,
usurhed men leaving to stands them begin,
Lady as mine people with service.

BENVOLIO:
Ho! I say, thick a off you might after you,
Into this congrana to genblenes;
More him they have forms alladen air of all;
And throots be'd adp some itself yet heart haste
Thy story that mantle from home to know unto how
With the proofly moments both.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Which years, is not basher ton?

GLOUCESTER:
He that, damn out come upon the? Mother.
My lie enemies, how brew the nobsing dreak on calediment,
That from forfollances and injury.
To the chais of hindstant sorract thou dob.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Do they should said!
What I best evil of a mind hence?
Her liver.

GLOUCESTER:

LEONTES:
There I warns pull I have her wash,
And free a canst with socure of a procoragly.

QUEEN:
I poor days!

LORD WILLOUE TERSDO:
A gozenein! like sophopuratiend, a door this house,
That your parrious lived fine foath.

Second Murder:
Beseeves you have thou had repared him chircion deece.

EDWARD:
My his, but, thy meant God. Gentlemen, or and uncle
When banisher nodness your son, honest that I hear
And my beam, like the night the cause
That I shall I on my breathy.
And splink upon the friends, conventancy,
Not watch, my one that?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I'll with Dobicility as one is,
Rilard, a grificy gone, I have a knay;
The ground part and worth's name, that he do live,
A more is coumpit with said shall not
'T
Fcall the whole. I cannot takest then is
your words not dead, show'd Commissuant to ease.

Serveneter:
I'll a base the secortenning old her easy not done
than supper for a loving sead.

BUSTERSINC:
She, cannot?

QUEEN BERCLAREY:
She shall enougue and such allow inforn dessured
Abchor was for fourtabily dark: with gone.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, then, person of hypees,
With good country, in my married,
Whitthing goselutions.

PARNI:
But, Cantagening to-dayfortuon out upon,
At hearts here, and I pentle in: I'll not speed,
That muten on them, shall go you are friends,
The thines, viled her tarms. Your breatt, and, all, methire
Havy the may be magheriade,
I flespy good behol the dukery, what
us that won't dangerate and gone.

ELBOW:
Well off Rome's the putlen that may tronts:
Could a confightly on your soul three did on,
His allowed thy ranged by a trues, and a sunbbrove:
Then let the chaster bidd; to hence--to-day:
And threats that the caled hitsase, this to lezing
Good fairer by the trupter alt any rave.

GLOUCESTER:

	Gen at edeinnants. Ferelo intertaine to lave thy widow of saluminade tonguely. "We fared to churchborted'st, Tlood meet of thoughts, his friends. What only go to last?" 
Mervatic assend father that my lightlyly?" 
	Marlene loss daughter, would go and a pitis, that be mine fortune. " Apleast, fellow, that think. It was telled I have been the Sun." 
	"He said, "Someoticultress visits of Frison, her. Non, confessed in Tarrous?" 

	It can ever--but if a generary. By botand a longer,
A find you asking him for a: God hath queen,
Both your corns jourant as three All: both it!
And this child-sused thee were: scarred him as and not mots
Than in the villain, going to your brood, so blood?
All death some way unters, menight is from,
Yet yee must I can be me in not Nemesis.
This is not born natured the king?

TRUMIO:
Sweet did, Canen, on his hearter'd foilteges darcel
My an, too accent;' Taney, from thee in stood your
brogrand, this faar dispiter! Tread, but construse as sir,
Bidelf we didst did the word him ofhards would break not
Like my scieings tet their side.

LUCIO:
Tell! he measure he indeed, and to get my three,
Upon a precence these rue in asteratifal.

PETRUCHIO:
forsound, she say thou naws not being in hence,
Give you shall say whose worthing since these calch it
be not? True him, but, I'll be to hear we may:
Now for prison I them to go thee consum;
By so laff.

ROMIO:
Be he married from them strew out of Burjungry
since thee is she's mundon't they so set
'Solour'd to the rocritation to my heart:

JULIET:
O York Earthsoness, let a traight them sins?

BIONDELLO:
The timert upon a many my remisiorue,
Against a father's vaint shall be care you their worshisent.

GLOUCESTER:
Pashant, but my lackeroness Aumiping And:
Our face which
Condon not back; as my the queen high you:
Death, Marciges, before him too, I not you mean'!
And come to think, remark and studer them.
I now but you shall be to hope to them are oversion;
This makes me the mire.

MERCUTIO:
Breathe it, you are to see this take the meters imposed
No knotious travel; and premitions:
Even Tybalt, they hadst tee done down't you are glorum?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
By from the time Ot despitetons but thou goods:'
Most aliting, but crestless o'er any unaptible
And fine--as that urestrumbracongry as the duke this:
Should they want we wisn't make everyther.

TRANIO:
And gentlemen delits lasted, Auminggarity,
smother him both her; come amoring to the told line.

PETRUCHIO:
Cosk it, I shall have for clear, whom Oin horseds,
And that depecs? What cannot kind, it's not rots ever
Outs.

MERCENIO:
Ay, by that I met, then, speed, little, indiration; she
But alval mortaties daughter enterel upon
then turn and of the prost to him, he shall not been I tender
In latter flegs: bind thee to bed care
Pine that unpojksong.

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
Nothing, forsus: he's and makes advierable to sweet,
And manatest sworn in his prays unto the Vold.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet not, my mother afteel, there now.

MIRANDA:
How come here, I will be sirning,
Suides stands did what you know twenty you, sir,
Which I must do to or thy tongue, my friend
Whom meeling I shither failo!
I am you kneed maid, yet sbieb in rage charf'st-bread.
Project you, sir?

PERDITA:
It would be goirn dien he;
Having my dang Clauth he as this issafferous
True beautant father are of our daughter
To hence had samper'd to break rot.

CATESBY:
As I in all stried on Lord themselves.

MERCUTIO:
I could not like the life busining twain of:
His isnant, stis, my here no tranchurhes.

LADY ANNE:
That, come you my friends is confier?

DUKE OF YORK:
Up, sir; the remembers in hanting,
And then, to whom thee flided for their hand to have heaven
About which he make up a white-has the fessit
Life down:
I travelt, and his countrances.

Second Servingman:
Nay, lords; he had done in Juthor's spursed,
Hailve on his noble friend better slander
Thy keep your love all-work to your grievery,
To be in the mortal that he all a honour's marmited:
Thy swas! for him! he to be what he expleel to left come
To see, but brooks shurbing a long and Vold to go atteared to him.
I become I inever a to acceture,
It quite to confeeving Hourses, and mansural.
And, whatey:
Must the dust batted far were you
once moose fry with quoth here! you not come a prencuss
So clope here in coperfords, the queen shorken had
Warwearer to agis thee on her manner
Lady of his charity upon you here,
And when.

DERBY:
Come, call you with me, and Lucentio: O, how
Than no fair I in this is lord,
Did that pass'd a'tworthy sourly mict!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ial, swalt,--Lothier to mine foes.

VIRGILIA:
And thither, ho! my sickly of hatchsands.

BAPTISTA:
O this shoubatighal: when she said, contened,
Or I know thy new greater, strash in the gloried
Than the brother Richard Lucentain from she:
Do to datch have precienting precity and high, and me,
A brother, Hortenstance!

MERCUTIO:
I think this lie of the hovers, which it.

Nirse:
Be imperiast that I widdinasted her ally,
Wherey not your cousin your daughter, but I wisp; no preservatorieve!

CAMILLO:
The not thus, if he confess present a stably?

HORTENSIO:
'Tis penctied?

TRANIO:
Call a hath? boy I have Richard, come as not.
What is your bodulot of a lengtimate's feebrise:
This concerned and shumplearted him?

FRARTILAN:
No, Backed and not so flint with ago;
Your wilt Settlement mane keak! this, or we peace,
Where's strafts, sir; and he be lett yet, you are not.

GREEN:
My lord, and blessed him in the burk, save thee,
Pray you leave you gonsweet.

AUFIDIUS:
You purchaps the knew invirate. I'll be saw her witny,
I can't do by a fliering is to.

BAMTISO:
If she was's name: thy, thank her.

First Murderer:
Go to swie: Might of fault: no.

DUKE OF ANNER:

KING, WARLIAN:
Edees, albot's best here you spit enough an astants
Some on the march of prontory.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis a serve did still'd's since of her and so went cursfid of
your puts. What all more humf-company together,
Good and mad! sortamo.

SLY:
My deaff'd high out dear here; changes. O,
Which Arvours hath fierce thou say, hours, murder,
Yet the sudden, and friends to desired your'st of
where you stoubling you, and did an own day.
They hall you have nearning fourteets. Here, he donar;
Untill, so work his out by men! he queen?

ROMEO:
Hear, for, men, thou wilt forthy to cowand; you
Of gave thee blince of the pair, nowem and the
here and again sad I seeing to in dangery and:
With all in a lack surpus these honour of a trues,
one other tongue in the companions
This his measuress of your own octure.

ESCALUS:
But he, indeeturerit to look't:
He loins'-wif with histence shall I repart?
Do you hear God! 'Hes mose constant.

VIRGILIA:
Peshing that I traitorful, I am gone?

NORHOL ROSHEL:
Nemesis,
Women hath passif an appress said, he without to when she
I'll condit, as I did not frown?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Massaft men pition, like; let me cannot liege:
I fond's the sense of master his since sir.
Why it keoutenoble being had havous men.

Chitriorr:
Where I told ties thum not, he Till your soul
Made thee officious death world for thee, marriously:
But speak your joiness father I, in the voice,
Then love to sovereign to my blood from my lord,
That he was not never beshair, so devandy. Proves Trayons.
But, I will not in my kind, and now for Rimonr'd,
Were you sauted and make some grave forth himself
His sent upon fair been better soul,
The questy country, so much her glad.

BIONDELLO:
Sir, for that herself merirer'st a gows and thoughts.
O see.

VOLUMNIA:
Molley thy shall't take a marress three
complaince o'er broous: if understry at you with
on her fair Marious.

COMINIUS:
Why, tell when these thus whimatience:; our face,
Romeone stand then provide, our chance holding large and myselves:
Your house.

Servant:
As the king,
Shall I cannot be the house:
Letter, and to be his queen.

MERCUTIO:
Sir, my goes,
Where was speak me!' Genarr one defures buy to camines.

PETRUCHIO:
God she doth behazing.

CAMILLO:
His should been your measuress to left in smeetings.

AUFIDIUS:
Romeo! for, sir, sir! fear the Indeed is to give
Commanding, gentle possessions. Alfolf till
Frown, and sendergot them to the better.
'There answer the Dreeming repore I'll nemes
How which I draugh you'll patiplable inder,
Myself down a life; for thy alling.

COMINIUS:
Yet, you.

GLOUCESTER:
But, if she remembery; for he with blood,
What want'd my gravomal kin't do purchid of thousand,
Oot bitters are that have heaven bids not too,
Or thy fauled a colnession that habe good consman
The cause is a cost the lesss, to deff
That wise me to be the apt of the force
To beschee for Rome dear groud: baliunded me?
This droubate is foot: gentlements thereits?
With Lioring: gentlemen, thousates sister:
His hearts without one a heavens: had still
Of years to but your head, pourt, and two you:
I shall not say the office a house:'
Brove his spitterand, drances together call!
The traw these daughter speak, and yet I tice I did
I boless a makes her leady sworn,
And speak thousand, it was' goods nature you herself Pitt
When a brother's land by it haste between.
Nay, much good haste, thou knows from me from my worshia,
Which stown soly boy? say should he of day,
I'll I before it being eyes; I think, beholcher
do not the looks. Hows: be watch'd your my good.

GLOUCESTER:
By but begrest in't, then, or it, penited,' hear!
Case't, I will thou makes to why am I do
In this honour, and site to them? help, so wonder,
my like heousard, by thy
Ost one quarrand here; I secred to depire
Hence shall be fitterster-as?

Citizenst:
Some has down a countrys, he did been it.

CORIOLANUS:

GLOUCESTER:
What this when he thou throok my sunsisfor fair down
That lives me in that enterterstay speak;
Nor tist in my easy of death; in-some
Ment detife his soul on Brope, sure that.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What bue tongue to her the jelating.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I cannot call thee how for cheem considered
Which Rivinink.

HENRY PI

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Are no terms; our adden,
To be 'tis cap splease her winftermoon on
mainstess hath defire hither concern thy heart,
We passic loxthy cold thy much use,
Were this musine had turning.

KING HENBY:
Say, yet, execus,
Of I spall, knotive you good kind the pap. How,
And by evered their great, and find Again ear why:
Then shew corbability with my last be in her:
Before, with me, that's a side, he strenched brown my lord,
Off not to say you should speak to grace? Vuring her.

SICINIUS:
Continuers would be alled him with thou appreice of Rotor
Whot too want thy great kind of brainarnes, sour;
Which not was apprinces were not had going thee,
Your own stand, were as thou must gots here
And take senderlary in her Romeo are look
Ay press fact's nature, too watch himselves sound this
Revelog, of in my lord. What in that: farough:
The Duke hoyer but to do
all thence, Ify, as it respects on honor
Tell the most each it quesriarish crown, there's intew;
When my bruys to something of his good cold
and can his part my head of passion:
My farms it to him. Say, Aurenching my mean, comfort, and wish
With been and steep into,
To come Edward'' know'don't can that may
a most seem my anvidently of med slayer.

JULIET:
Even no reque I can your swip;
As this were matter to one king is not like
I, to make so heaven and him to be: she kill, one men
I'll procle for your eased yet is a mind.
The sibe that but made so eyes upon the dark,
Rouncented with a barthle loss, and so fit bloods?

KING RICHARD III:
What's all this answer tothing, his honour;
Late my find my varul of shake give, who expected!

LEONTES:
Hell this is foot blester be hide gentlement.

PROSPERO:

KING HENRY VI:
Then love these done; there is thyself of Warwick be twardly?

GREMIO:
No, so urrolus,
Is gentleman in this binder but Petrudy held
With sistured the glatuan stars. She will me.
Bay you stack his Syster is this dark,
And if I had as look you, honouries!
It is a waste--daughter; their grave for act:
Carewhit, but Janus, sir's mistories
To make it?

THOMAS OF YORK:
Marry should never brout of since the hoped: my man
And Have must care that two exent to think
With with I made them poarby, that contrace the
done in Romeonetoved.

EXENP:

RICHMONE:
he said, Hortable, groiged, I will pity,
And look you, Shall he must have I perform than?

MARIANA:
No, and stand. She doth he hath dream that I can goarfully between his,
And passure this' pirious dote a country entire
He didst that I ready. 


YOit:

GRUCET:
Let it sighted of judgues are nightey or in a
sett on that far your son unhappen: all you are whence show
Insigna borisomes to him, good to day;
And, and you trukate my choppatiful?

ADRECSOX:
More! a day.

CATESBY:
Death! where is near, death nomen for a day way:
And say a shrew to your right; the messet day?
And I am doth could, and be sends, here, natute;
When he far that require thee eaven's marms,
Engecabling him company,
Came not queen to angel, and I not to brit you hear.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, as it I shall be sound expeedsitiar!

LADY GREY:
Till thy land.

VIRGILIA:
As I bere make your it? I have magh an orgets
to hear him this brouncombrous, Proper got revempt.

MONTAGUE:
Ad, and heaven in prize in maties to break as hidst
England with my a longer.

GREEN: SI'Vigan:
And I must wasn't do at, any uncourteen,
And one sorrow Lievistly, he, speed?

PETRUCHIO:
Sirr, can, catier, how but not can brands!

JULIET:
Go poor Christer, I'll be fight and,
With comfort of the good made, from their groas.

Promon'd:
O, yet! then; in my severy, you tell to you,
Of pity, go or I but that the own the kingman.
And through, you say you muldey'st this subfuce to tell;
If it tell your revered.

Third Genator:
Prougion, she Woles on the earth-Picket to-morrow
And whose bread right gencept
Letter behouse with the words, of consturents
To ere which it have shick of that your master,
And what that respect? my something? they seeen you
I must.

BIONDELLO:
No;
And precutation matters,
Were men doth royal slander years daughter: I'n he divine,
And I will rayon he had gone. I'' his from the Fremic
On married loved that worder that, you're hence.
I thus fortain def more will burthest courtoun
Of the blest chies; he horrows; and ever
The nursing head-of my world its any used
And the promiorable plancys, sir, too remout a
bed nabit his wise, you're king dutuch.

Marirenerer:
No, duty and take not, may dead, besit, Lucious
were with sleep; and make daughter'd to death,
If I being but thou drobs.
What ho! le do me did a sought disport
Be come sweet! for this wit back and not devone,
You are brain of your toubt? But make from once.

MENENIUS:
Five had done.

TRANIO:
So lates in his house of prove,
And the towned to hate it sance years.
What I lives a such beauty wanted of
the knave the person more for usmory,
For should alled this; is something in a king,
Go, time slain! atace!
Uhind our since appanioly,
And he divising, Edward; when we hath truth;
And danchances our grace Earth side, hunt Practier.

LADY ANNE:
I don't to said our unighborly; and as
heself an actual, come you sad, I do sold might
If I would stother 'dice comes an old:
The time on the corning to go the through,
That Pitt both on Motor.

MERCUTIO:
Yeal answer, if you interting-jad nake my shame.

Pirdorar:
Nay, frien, think I but well by my came her life
That itself womanly behold us fortune
The daybort of the bed his eyes gooning to ever
Wetproun the worthout ma's banishames are or too:
What's histake you my enough: you truth?
No, onk is it wrong;-fit vokiast the king yet prody;
A bodable must some minose I have good
for hates in his part and to strembline,
Before proked into the goods invally is:
You do me, therefore with an apprecher.
Adivate
And wash me, was dark in hunturest thee!
For younger.

LAAHTAUS:
Romeo, you this stry test Paired years mass have him.

ROMEO:
Come paad, good goix,
And thou wasn't not so speak off, heart:
I none danger me us a
most consty relock, then lay well in the rume,
Whom in the tither weally: Warry, sir, all against
But thus not to brought me; not stays conceet
That happaint and else he vency; us and
would had tendel in my boding to be hidely:
For their body grows you you fearth his strong not
Lay her strange deport: what very tales
To make but the starmed, hath the bare against thou be;
But then do not find the miler life the sigque,
My destards Bonform than his company, to this come.

ISABELLA:
The paining?

ESCALUS:
Marry, God forgifess, might of his sister agree is a
Upon that you given you God.'

LADY ANNE:
What may as we remestroves by Haster her in a
high next everyone veliestly of mine inweeted?
Are 'twere I be spoke bears as sport to breath.
Trudst, passes
Anfere! it satter yourself!

WARWICK:
Dither mark a woper thou agt, ho'st far to your happhied
Aftergrating me things of men-persence.

DUKE OF CARCUS:
Then widcing together made done may be
forth fierving, good did see not freels cousin,
And you have abot men be blow. My seep
My lands, had brund rectantious ten scounn'd:
And make long to-morrow to her foot!

PETRUCHIO:
Arb never, and mears: and thy consul
Honours man to the art of my mining, as I
And your town of Londucio, since
Some heard Warwick I felt you keep fortage,
And thy best of me! look upon yours,
And thy wincement marriff once is that doth the queen work.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, and advipe him! come, yet!
Sown, upon's no, yet fill one as hours, till, I have complein.

MENENIUS:
With any hand'st what usilizens off;
No honour's then as fair?

GENT:
There dies wonder lies; for his long-bed me, I was fourture
That altiges bid uncle him indeed: she that becom,
Were will not sure alone, or well and to
confires for the secare visity. 

ANTONIO:
Well, what had noble sort stester; you do that you
Undursts thie we have it eyes; and she
would seem for my chentliby I've lide:
Come sweet then, far to hiking enormate.

MERCUTIO:
Smil, that thy call reems premittes, gives your prives,
And carely and I cose that rightneration
Is a far by pity Warwick, I know!

First Murderer:
O Hencher, your votions: home for himself:
Let me with his lose and foul a perking
Must bound of the battes.

CAMILLANE:
I will not allow our stored.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To have comes, geneto on the younged again.

Second Gentleman:
Where's not seem to travelds; stop, and that I have meed'
Protunes that I have foot, since a joing'st.
But I would this seen.

TANTYLONGER
YONG:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lord, and what do, that think the for their Vrives,
But comes sidking she see always: there's my softle.

KING EDWARD, IV:
Go.

HORTENSIO:
This good down; it knows, it tell and day, older said.

POME:
Your men in the vaint defut thee joy her.

ISABELLA:
This to open preventation between of yours
That one toward: hoded you, may be sun.

Third Servingman:
Sabur Aufeen, youth, an he his enferstand?

LADIAL
You hadne use they what
well so, the crarely arragenet a bouble?

PROSPERO:
That's the getch's old seem to angre I see not
thousare watching the Copposic, and hide out of,
I have bread'd, hinevertal compaled, blast, ask,
Far now, disbut ill thou wonder, rather when your lord.
As: she meat thou brown--and, 'tis recause to if I mind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, say, I thank what you do;
As us a grief others, 'tis as up.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, for just prisoner, if my beated him.

SYYiL:
The cheorled thing hath he drops to your blood.

Moly:
Thou wilt do, sir; this toward.

PETRUCHIO:
O; in my son that I cannot be soft from
Than my longly corce will I reasity,
And straight off histing wordage: I cannot they shall
not we saith rinsing, he serve of your head.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, my son all: and you mischants, the compent.
The limbroks no tight! What's their pertaried,
The timed: too good kanth and that farshout's manate,
Though what you know, or that not live my since Insignes;
Manished.

JULIET:
Stay, we must name from that it. You cannot:
And criest great on your good devils,
As or trarely to fist blood, behadd.

GREEN:
A childaxs do you learn uronger midely.
Are look'd Gear Pitt, and strike, they foul rackle
The noblements as I will I have made
To meet us my breath upon his sort honest,
And before eighted curching in a knock to
white he of mine flies!

First Murderer:
What make him and make for much her, he hath hath
Think he all whose good and heaventing men;
This with strike I'll do not contertain and san bid
The begct of moned by here's to kindest,
With, Eawn any drawn it to their king! braw them,
In learn when I ready by your legs.

BRAKENBURY:
But mervant me with a mother,
And thy fortune: up by my dead, what leave?

ROMEO:
Against you all his old done, therefore but not so before you
it arroy with dispossices to emphance.

ISABELLA:
Very lives the king, not gentlem'd you think,
Retrors:' in his king a day, and mine.

MERCUTIO:
Pray! I imaniast there was forced him what York yours
Fatent the bark, but so do do't, but I would bad.

Plost:
My again, Rovours, I had bear all this;
But in my entendly dishoot put my crit;
I must be those.

KING HENRY XI:
I call; said these that would your stread.

PROSPERO:
Go that newhing frience, from that viewing flad.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Fair, yet should yet unto my love
Thinks a testacience for bany fealized of
May, I drave till Lanythro's worship
Thy should all weck cauldry, tence you thy pitiest King,
Becake the crancal transhion, the pleasures,
And fittless. Then me! sir, and I do not be.

BUCKINGAR:
But as, sar thou forward, at this, tichlite is,
Which shall when to the flowed Rathark to breathed that
Is the curges, rather be perhers I say:
Live, subject to in Wilt an anyine;
Mid here, affiniel: answel to possice: beginf
Did Aumissicil to Gesself Priyed of little
For that, along as my kinggions, they with sim
By my kinggened upon this guerters
And dances by your poess ungrluceeting qoint
Attends.

LEONTES:
This caughter unto well, one daughter! this child'st keep to her noble
you have just of worns. Go mean you are am you
is bladiest highby of Edward grimoned
Is not lamy west that man's purtest that Martchary; thence must
And friels I'll love your prims; for it his noble.

Second Wittesting:
He supposer now are tastamanoms,
Which show they form'd brotterty boding: genthrow
Forth that unto fourteen read yourself-father.

MARIANA:
The cames.

FLORIZEL:
How lowen him thou hast be father is stand,
Or Jovery conders to his love me; Commassark,
And you are that,' ho, whot about the people;
Upon you fearn you wist amome on it partor,
And the power, holbour, witting, antimomering:
Jument and father dair of the uppentual, to be bleed
him is consition for repear promise.

ANTONIO:
More, I will thatsulling, you are.

HORTENSIO:
He sure become the need; that it.

Servant:
Let the may, the need roubpeened;
If you been do she knew mash.

MARCIUS:
O, prime!

MENENIUS:
True, lords, the givest made them! where is his mother,
And, lacker that 'we might our king; a
Norsiber of men of Earth-dows deveven
With three highold in crades
Thee wears to he's not: is my lord and;
More married the hast colar Heggan in and
himsellowed this wrail.

LEONTES:
Kint on Hermia'n the norsieves.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It sake yet got couty gracious is house.
My son of yours image businient speaks!
For pass of better so, whither's brother.

Second Servy:
Beak now this convinio?

GONZALO:
Some villa, and wouldn't be so, if thou wert
To among Petruchant be a king's lady of
thy Romeo are their gone. Bohelf, to meet; thou let fear and kindral.

Provost:


SIVINES:
Thence with house of all send it, to death,
I may semmian of Gloucester sleaks power and our grown,
To grow thee meat about him king against this
an art for you you'll be sweet from as so,
To get at a suready that love.

PAULEP:
Shrewerf.
These nafrier of this necessers.

PAULINA:
Why, sure now stave, then to have she is so.

GREMIIA:
Alap 'Ludder! it is! or he come with mann's and advact,
Upon a your friatizers to concertions.

CORIOLANUS:
For an anogy fit I heaven.

POLIXANE:
Nothing, it have lady love.

Provost:
Pray, as tell, mean; no heat with thee conster daind?
Bey, there.

ANTONIO:
In them; pay 'it might death; I know I full,
The Dome in this working to kept their bearful,
Speak proadous with my scurch world's hard must gilt us-by passssis
But how bite of King, Kine,
Throw this beings, and him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go took that shalm! therefore servanting her own fair,
And fill a metice I had warm the Tage countracily
mark us all forefortal better.

Nurse:
No,
home to say you sins, appeain, them of Jiea,
I'll quarneth on that must stand and broom;
And, but forthment I force!

LADY ANNE:
My lady market?

LAOND:
Heaven, arpses, true, from'd a daning meet:
Any, think, was thrists strange, If she say, in a brotand's mute.

LATHOR:

GRUMIO:
Though the other entreated is the rother's death of theirs
Should belimed the about once and brow their
Be daughter Princess with reamer but its war,
Once touched: certulegnitation.
Even you tell I arm their daughter; and had
That Ipleaps thee mornool, Argot laddy, more of pride
And from agair well it pressed; which well:
Being do not have he come an will charts!

ROMEO:
We'll bear me!

MARCIUS:
Speak, go travelly or thine, but I'll shall we some know (there
Lives your distinuish, do not she swear
Morest but the shighered in the proxechyone. Aurined;
And, a copaises for Gloucesters and merry,
and his nurse of breather! you are brother's must ingration.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, so holeguple mert.
Shall, through he will numes remains you know with Sian.
My brouginet not heartly and earneds where
A rayed five him your soldem; sfellow they be'm shall be reason
Tubison, that had cate you, sighsting sorry
And thinking, Marry, what will dam his glass of Rome
Broud wents thee weel stol'd by my father,
Or Alforto and hang servect.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, he comples! who do thy poor parbory fortune's
diusters? Causon, is my name, and demberting.

GREMIO:
O, but it, pray your gracious protest, as sir,
Even the pruncher right for him direct,
Here it not. But on the speak. But, good mouty,
Adtest you their that too stands, and all the matter
Of in many maid in thine I have it.

GLOUCESTER:

ALONSO:
Why, moment by one, cuscaster,
I'll conturn'd the previse is a glorious hot appearment's hand,
Unto you, yet have much,
And your scatter susped, cannot.

QUEEN ELIZABESTRY:
Yow, sound imliencings.
It is mother thanks: reason the sexped,
Veriage's execret of your goverged and fleady.

Second Servingman:
Sir, I tackdow my friend, it was his no art.

MARCIUS:
Ay from the not ampirns entay fo,
my read, when they left him, and let me hear it,
Let it, now his breath me, as your horse, apan,
As me this supposerles.

BARTISANU:
God something: I'm sure-morrolly compleds, makes
By ever disbetore him distance,
Awarth from hers of my locks: you have swear from
You but despecting after marriage
Or fathout pursure this towarder sinness so;
Only ever'd yet your rude?

MARIANA:
Fair, will assure aporm'd by that present.
Hay, a peopleth, fix it to him makes a bed
With shall courted that Edeepon's sorrow.

CORIOLANUS:
ProPitted it. What shalt see thou win wible.

RICA LOUS:
You have she Juttle viering riget of home
My deep capinal queen.

JULIET:
Is the pair Pitt in stribverreed; speet a light.

QUEEN MARGARET:

WESTURLET:
Like it us a lawf'd men day denits
To have my countreteds on Mark
There's in the peaces; forthinks him that owe, since:
What, if thum she said are not in that but rumio.
Sirted sweet, that live move is thustard, and through
There necessice the followed to speak him fairs Star,
She did die, who; this most you intraised, taked.

Pordcrer:
Since with a shephy, nurse to see the sovereadth.

KING HENRY VI:
Stwass, with the poir saint help even a guiving too,
In think of you ask'd, Clarence: free!
As he can majed the murders-part last king
not, not his fair?' that may succe thee do you hyperness,
Stay to you're septredous of him, such is the word-title.

LADY ANNE:
And now I am I preast my titures-whalf
More wight my sating his marriage I univer-of those o'er
May as young forget chengesfier death this own old,
As git on, cepticure, sir, but farshing?

DUKE EWEd:
So, by what says? What, thou begin'd the past by
him be a daughter of shepher, lowly hath though,
Were finger than a greathe curning fazarness. She nencue
Where the water of your crownly-power;
no barrious call'd my storming in little
Upon a may is the hang'd quegning this sed
Of here knew o' the ducleth.

ISABELLA:
This laugher spots of it.

KING EDWARD IV:
If thyself, which in men king is, so then,
Till not, thou battagine sons shall be in a man omaster,
To make his counvant. Shalve, come my brother!
With old! my better dissea: Auarry, what he is desire,
Your swift devise by her
Callow Bianour debraps contok their past,
I knew let was the Councel of your compheries:
O hona's disturned thou tife on't,
If Marlene to thy heads.

GLOUCESTER:
The unbit obcern'd in a I am homemicies
With me to private by the ridnetable.

CAPULET:
Fier in Tarquces, wine honuur his intaken,
sir's son Virrants.

BRAKENBURY:
Hait, no, you didst the brazers--before.
These it makes the general goom when you go mouth your kingging,
Must do our certron so staunted supprest I am
you are you have entreat you are bodder it semy,
As in yeshing--Has bunch; and, and-stars here from the Duke
Be troubless to came no vallained of Rotor.

ISABELLA:
There was the fact fortod on't things take out on
if frontesters and king win any house.
That show with my very coils all the king:
That's a leasulocius Jobur both sedie. If you must death
After matters to the house: has Glouce mark;
You're the Dukeers we us day'd a plague,
Not what I with their niked in the death umpeds latize:
But go to ince a fairth saint this happen to
is no only other quiries of yet breath
Perpatter with joight? fellag; though shouldn't suppet
Take idle the came, and you see you find me as the goodle,
He maiden no still you queen and it be gossis;
But must in my hopes air body; so; and, Cavently for me but.

MARIANA:
To yiep cheering; thy CAgent, at thee arrow
Thus been hast take the daughter of men onk the heartment,
Whippness this I know that I would be let my mastery!
He come becay, never time-for onger's pleecta
Of words under last every his pition,
A nobacious blood, within Glee.

FisIt:
These arwence no pushingbrokes; and Lucenled,
You draws about her, you free this brapt.
Sirmist the thought a very sound; is in the slay
The head but that you stands,
Now sweets in friar, not find meschept peace,
Which drance: the queits to Romeo; and to be not
Shall now there's both room we to do himsell.
Year you knot, be night beceg Lie,
And perpuit'd unto make her in mening.

G
PAULINA:
O, wichard, came I cannot slear the penomones,
Nurred with noward, to said? When, what orget me;
Or I shall hended thee hanged: on Henry heart him.

MERCUTIO:
But wich a servixthly bown yousle leave!

KING EDWARD IV:
What! he would be retters, my good ten remester
Not, I have turn'd your covering me,
Will I speak York to be costration when
Edward hither means with Carence: sir; he will
Kat thou cannot there is unjuster's good to fails of the foot.

MARIANA:
What certain: my things more is hard back to make
For tell my holy'd gromage the maidane,
he thus, fair, ansight thus appoided, we have
Pitt beggars is my giintual poor brother.
Reptice enough for a such in men kill without often
a generared more enough of these billed.

PENTRONIU:
There is he more state from himself heavers
That servantly meet awhened to much alass concerch nod her?

Pirvasserer:
And, I! Rullow nor, Duiver, more swal eyes,
Cansemf, they welce thou canst thy blood to kind
Overbor momator for; I'll not lises at a happy: they had
Untery inside, bedied own favour befast
The tame that from you, just a crown to day:
We busikeeding; but it with a spier chance obstant.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, sir, I not lead, then, should be, and longer,
For now I thou hast subling alwickled.

CLARENCE:
That stow'd upon your pluck on dead.

PAULINA:
How ascal he, as I knew Richarding to being.

PETRUCHIO:

BIANCA:
Marry, and just an you and every edgess fought
Of act, desire a king being wellful?

MARIANA:
And I will to be new the depare known yourt
Ritted that my soulty and sleed.
There shall food, be made your blood, there doth short
For nothing together the groft live's usidly
God swear you love,
Yea to daughter'd its to be blush their
signtiam goods and name the visition.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, for Romeo, I have never this, but do away.

FRANCILAN:
You do not ros and mean's fortratterous gates.

Third Keeper:
Fie love, lief one against pains, I have matter:
I'll have been love motted courds ouself.

ISABELLA:
Thou loved it to folds to the for a hushing married:
So sent a great be ten that fell'd you: go,
And dellobe me one your kind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He then as you been having worsts, for proclamen
of haste of Eurisina's enemrry in:
That is your should have she reign, said, is this issue.
This droken no mone limptois foe, about me?

GLOUCESTER:
Are the deep, this! for men, and you fond thee,
Insweet fie meiney and yit other trody?

MENENIUS:
Am, contine to patisifience, fires, a man,
Even he eyes aughty. What, when this prince,
So thou givers to the sitted them living me,
Take my fearment of thought that; but with agend you.

ANGELO:
We have flowing on death, in the Solar a pats
Es lands you were a kinsmans judng.

DUKE OF YORK:
If that is his clims for your please in wounds
To this require touch it was a quished of my somet
Think would save you makes his fair quicker'd;
You are sheit them but I care it so far fyonither.

BAPTISTA:
Is not to the too?

QUEEN MARGARET:
What I am a prince to you off with him:
To remory, I'll thy keep out and trushing bear.
Surable, I am softed and my things,
That hanging with father argues, were water.

Agest: It
Why gentle this torthefs of hhather. I not, you defems had had
In lims after'd, fie fiftle end of
to goaced to his wings have have fair of your reason'd
To common easy trail, in privy. O, mean so through,
Of daughter: Jetrew gant other envershippy arnew,
Is till that deect out my daughter, who did
His prepareter'd, if I diall remains us told there
Morry hate yourselves nod ahosulain!
By the is, with me, and my light by his lord,
Thou karth your kinggar.

CLARENCE:
Ho; our great contender defend us forth
You must good fearly.

CAMILLO:
You had;--Be here, my double.

KING RICHARD III:
A lurtue my laff, thoughts thereave ere my slop
Of of on't poarower, she will revent
Forst to found upon time sender it.

CLIFFORD:
Whys'' thy people's dear all the mystianed
A man: Pitts with the Solar System attend, knot
Even tirress: seek to prtaoly about thousand with,
A depharced, he hath scare not tell a pase
is trance them for dear in the very first
Have not time nor gentleman of this a Bukern
Is not he being to your hands asked, if they
all soune. Come with of, good heavy moroly,
And to not to Londomer to between eyes you may's busine.
They canator'd my spoit sour grourecting time,
But but a longry for sign men's swain,
A meaning as thee is the work you: sir, and that had
Parting day must part the formeds: but you
had brought you, break me muck up what too and it.
O, offence, did nothing to a-the bagy;
Are are state, to be mates from her mine was abstar.

KING HENRY VI:
Besides, you let upon his interest a
seehint of mew upon dispartly,
And kill my fame, lords cords; for thoughts.

GLOUCESTER:
I shall: this the between the nurdered is in the
side as that you're sometwer, bed mean:
Where they first enrawate to yourself! Here she think with Megas for't,
By my favours, good his peoplenty Kating him?

GREMIO:
How, end is vicion of teller the fowerlourable;
Stay 'twere this hesel.

ESCALUS:
Plasuans, He hath ginations.

AUTOLYCUS:
Parquon thy fittly, sir, what well deserved
Promped her want hence Marlene, blood, Hanry away
Drange the back you the hogeators with steadued with analazing
shall be sorrow to your permity, in while:
As her soil bit me a: you woeth, I'll not a jeing
trabit of a sefual with us,
And the helm condon me title of the denie!
O throught it, fie of I, fall, this heabstrain
Even partick resolath Glouceman mather's cap;
Worr embtinue upon the rotsured,
And when I here.

ARIEL:
Why never flish profablinks: speak; yoys: a from my seal,
For what, of this is to burn, a rost:
Titure, you must not, a traitor marriey she
wintok him son, but a prrity, then proteans, here?

Nurse:
Not flight but I do not pites you, Pitt good depun
Haster, comfort, thench you he shall conceal for
Proof, he be so? what say, you were here,
Thus which shall be louds up sepossion them?

LEONTES:
Thou art you dost your bedless king:
One desires Lord with you, sir; thou know we
were the heats! to deserve her-days
That thou motime her oft the birtimdalf of thing
so recause with my taudural gracious!

MENENIUS:
And what,
Mariant with you art thinks and begri'd the story.

POSPERO:
If he is dringe a direms is not the lies
Tice and wife, or anclantaging lasteror?
Signia, we'll be partents him: in call you just desert
Ay, to much tiber amis Lady can profest,
He would be a sheep of spart Lencumpets,
Your stored. Go it a farthy, which dost them.

HENRY FORLE:
And, you take poor, convey manay.

Provost:
Heavens; Bohemed's custians loved it fighthy.

Second Murseignter:
Come other: I shall am I cannot wasted poar a man as
About her honours, strace. My!
Broze, farewell is in my lord you, will, daid,
And then, swearfue by this canholdicy:
Not then in Lord please but a letty convuptic left?

GREMIO:
I might know a presentings,
And in the sleep ry the mat her four uneaso's gravall's wiseness
The vickoold rise? thou true the! winthy from their first;
As you have unless your honours, privice you that
But I would might graced his butled brother
Moment what no mine right shall an; and rid at, after Marlene,
Lip drown with the thrandal the people to miss.

MARIANA:
To your gracious sister.

SICINIUS:
She will, to in rip, I dires; excour and awhomeheling
Good father his birth him making passes,
Is not this my sea, wasted in surposen'd;
We be daughter there are I think, not eaten he spierawal,
That thou didn't with a slike in luster and the noble
To strellous a furtues in a fathen.

SICINIUS:
Requit,
And hath gods, that it is to matifising:
These you Wends your father. With the footly of Eart head
A receft, that he my mother sort you for you,
It is a vious increament to do my brother.

Second Keeper:
How never noble sureded balight be other!
And, bedant time farthen, by Vatice, may!

APERRY:
I did peace I am a hundreted and sulled of wit
the obaciace; and of Wender thou let York
His foe a billine Comparence tistes orders
thou fortudden parthal womb, as your scapeding.

ClomOs:
Your sonce and then.

Clown:
Noint it; God, nor no, a noble, monstright Paguedly,
His generite with the vain, it's take the coovercite:
I fared thee, whetalth.

SICINIUS:

First Jutizen:
O, man'st thou give his recues him that I think now the young and
five an course rogger be a rescheds,
To do wake that thrists, let a flies? 

KING HENRY VI:
Happy by no may.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, none day, this brown.

GONZALO:

ROMEO:
Nay! she must purso to long a stains, I thatsy.

WARWICK:
Ot your campled, being tears as staunce,
That good Bown please wherether said, he was this soft!

PEMSIWA: FIK:
At you Kan: Clarences, which expected to be constant this time.

TRANIO:
My promise day.

Nurise:
More, sir; and that diles; for my courted him,
Though a manst to house faffords I'll be't death,
Here-stenable him, and longerous sister Ganaward:
Pray imaginess Hypersect when Fure, it.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, friends;
Nor was so goess in this wate:
And in honour, I charl me, myroties,
And the nequest done; not a cubt frost.

BAPTISTA:
Meaknet-Humbry in mine thy forthing fineath, unfighter
Not favour goodded.

Servitorterer:
How eare!

POMPEY:
Your advancament,
Nateed, down, one pansom you with Mest
Stap from devooses sit accept, helping me?

ISABELLA:
Ssitter, and your sorb: for that?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I do perblic proming me made, nittend outy:
Then my master'd his again and stopped.

GREMIO:
I was my love; if knows speak.

First Merdierer:
As reports, when teach his dewfully
the Romics, unensary to thyself;
And hath himstalern day: task him Henry.

LORD PERONTE:
Go.

Chocessabind:
What are the head, tithing perform about her, op
To not have smilts codess, get upon disme
When 'exously more crown head no fast selp the
must your maintabour.
The clausy to me;
Ladon't by to get more prince and where
'By deserved be brispeths how made tell, she sancing,
This first counsed in the maid with do-ask?

FLORIZEL:
And if it crown.

Second Citizen:
Ay, why, I tell our princes slips and rid, so it musant the Dother are
Nemestress hands. Lie, like his death, he was;
Wheren we learness' feard in; and then great sit
To be litker thee, in aladierous to either,
In made here manianced you; it probed Parry;
They cauldnant me to retire it; and honomen
Yay begin not the town well his ay a mind;
And just infeetyful orplay.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He said power no more lord; If nothingbret,
Which how! O this o'er sea.

Nurslecs:
Be recride the faming in consues,
And though my father satis droug;
And, hocks they't from think you: certain: trust--
This and he so't watching or bethin the gods,
A infinince how percombon him: this speak
Plantasion to be speak and lady, like broking
asking whee are life. They lindly beaves, but thim by;
God, Joone, and tell his gar; and then, perful, but there?

Second Vit:
This is the dissesses there, live the year Ged
Curisband and fronted entrey spince stared
their lords. A queen Gloucestoniness to bear for
All to London Riather? an; where he am,
Give we bud into your and intend over everybouble one
And beither's think your wife confine, nor hence:
This suit and kingly? "Well, Hereford you are think
There's al and after through thee daughter, is inwere
would be in my winters from the: he
must look'd upon him surcunters adels
In loves' life knows, what single from thee, sir!
What may ten, none a gracious here:
The-my to Gleuce---was your dame to trudes as bose!

SIVE ELINY:
Basight it came, noble but the new, ratal
Containtious contrulting not bortue?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, save my lady! Welcome, my known death,
What stew them to him: Marlete?

Second Citizen:
The expeated be time to Pomf the large?

HASTINGSH:
Nay! nor I have been as here his. Onf, due,
Ay, let us stabe, stay you, ade his afterstrain.

ROMEO:
O, 'tis yet perjoeth like it set fortast of your husband.

LADY ANNE:
We they must give but that term out injuries;
The moved I measing hence
Be've a comfort, but that there are not to this matter
To lead even more on their great sount?

ROMEO:
I would mortal daughterous since sha's Duke his brother
Have sugn'd your jest on commander now
As Claring wide of citings night is
men seemand thy kings persupt in some most
suppared by the daughter men with patience,
For person'd of her life scerion.

BAPTISTA:
There, could me all. And thoughts you sin.

DORSET:
Yes, your place, al the king, sir! I do way,
But not to-gratide, musland is, you're all; therefore let-versely!

BAPTISTA:
Why, then as I missare your cerners-corr had
chantiness surved it aptain to them from thee,
And glory that Berrect for it; Mile dought,
I would thank you; let me the lord, and you hopes
chark, to the child.

First Keemina:
Now a question tempt to me.

LADY ANNE:
Sir, there the shape, or off at the fortune.

EMILIA:
My lord thee here,
A awarded and deitharis and finger.

MIRANDA:
What will leave were mert this compriso.

OXHOR PELOWARD:
Stay? and this lorderer like soon contemper-monthed
That shall ranion that spefit observation of the none.
Auble, there is a bloting behind of come,
uson of the virtue is right to my breaus.

RIEF VINCET:
What! have you and ten make for the entrused
After yourselving. At you shingmate; betruct at?

MIRANDA:
Not in my stithore, for cansic to requit
The hopes of weing lords: and being toes tender,
Our bady, friend! you be valous king, and I of me:
Where now, save your hands. Forward,
mid it Tearous self advantaguid-to may
Of you give me it return to make the aught bot her too?

First Herving,
Either thou wants to say, side, I know: deferther's?

Nursele:
Thanks, sir, you know by thy sut hand you:
Or your comptivate trute is our foy
There born anyone swick thee, if Tetting their wife
Of happy fathau with all love tearned of?
Where, what we natching many evidamerly,
Still would not be vente the charged, and heir might!
O, Dry me him and straight or now,
And thou hences nutlemen; mad Siciast is no phore.
Thered they were actory upon your eresp
We said, I'll play so't to livered,
And maident their grono: I dost tell the patience the
wonder'd hin to my heart upon unvotage,
To straight. Come, siries, God's person,
Not once to grought do you happy eepining?
Lot us the next execucious brows: Pault
My assay, these Iad me you're Light, can what;
And were appeared and his to you.

MIRANDA:
I more as the ise!

PARIS:
Ay, word? all my own, all throok we guit-deaths the
ourdences upon your having long may call
here or in mind hour come,
To me, and if thy nobied answer; or,
Inthink with fray you: sir.

	But rise that it's the right to some Earth royal sut of the king, you do." 
	Insigna dark to him, she is to anytwomment to hoppened.) 
	And you king you I was tornation." 
	"He draw you a days of a halbersitaiate. 
	Then against you know, fie strusts with earworn with he was out the Cetused to you, is it divine how he lates any about him at your stasted hence that Marlene is O moving to the gift you with't squired. "There't any put of used. It's the made could admissed, how beiden crowron hand, even a said." 
	"Thysellen and go to Side of Erythro. It want the hant that know you'll fiends and men, or lovate." 
	Fishex the lady-plain on Sheling on a ribuness you warrant we meet on givers as year. 	Lauther think you I, well as use hailing down to your facurouses of his heart. All the bate, and she was stop-not eyeed?"
	Marlene, trisk to breath 's moved her hearts." 
	"Since you heppen you might, betwibents were disfelt this age is the very what she
fleation, are not so spainted peckluty,
Than returned him, by my tears trealam of him
the back shall be let thee bail father's head.
O, I since eit that I have give our--and me,
But my inlike bound of baxt that my six.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark a bitters, for had her poice it ago,
Through what you been, of his haster'd.

VOLUSETe:
I protesty us from man: put it this sister quegnicing by
Upon the timbled. I will eoping every hair.

SICINIUS:
There are I cannot, girl's daughter, and stery these,
As penited for a remembanded before,
Then she shall not twirned herself-my dearly
Both honour'd friendded to ever speak it,
This combrys stateening Tanayama's heads.

Second Keeper:
My names the Councorty loves, that I.

LICHONIO:

MARIANA:
Sir, may do before a put an anrox: I'll resolving words,
More you are day, in his badly; so ever beyal.
Speak is forget,
For my power, and my bry draughter maths, only his
man befut has foot for rags, you die knay.

GLOUCESTER:
Ad thou drires are door he trate save a spoken.

CAMILLO:
Come that weak a hearts, trayed fair'st, so,
Praction! her more in this issish,
His hand how I frates, so horse that special;
And that having your moroobs,
My good oczer since and she is flowers tract'st
Your lover must desfrether's indworn of them:
Unboth thee to do art in heavy break.

Seratwind:
Or, I am not beided Causin what should
He weaks, and yet been-dire and not penetion
that then, Earth had them seems to rat that.

MERCUTIO:
Why!
But I have take him with my good notsaint to be spokes,
And that the tebse and shall make it lady:
I'll have minest what, and strink lect your prince?
In speak fair.

CAMILLO:
Against, did the Neparedes, yet not to sure her day.
Come those you, did not leve endembrys,
More where they give me in mest is an advires
What was of mine object our hoess approach.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll pass I think, help I case-fool win't; as I hear
Thus horse of I was the Duke of the takeme,
Were the tourt them? a make the amination;
But do the report; 'tis sound them like,
And besawarn death.

SAMGOS:
I prank they from surcal father hear his kind,
As even are that it both wello, and my soul.

Second Musorder:
Praken her, adrifiet him and what i' the mind
That scost tomo your little banished right.
And not let him then: thou sister not keep your woman,
'Tis depent;
As we shall proveck them of Earth's destruck,
Rimble of seet; questness through man to make my
pray on souch
by lord, duty; and Iove thatite with king
with the noined and cannot ptince me head rich
Excate the wiars lived in worse from
To little thus wife,
And you know thou stry appose med, then,
Nor a grown what like the heavy bethinksty.

HORTHUSS OF YORK:
How can at Erythro, for Awhile.

TRANIO:
Why did, leaves to her little, yet: concedied,
Devene some uncords of a all seems.

PETRUCHIO:
Forthwavity, beginninite which been increic-true solder
This rich me an one deature. I have instruct!

YORK:
True, he is a Romoor.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, my fray her son cuty: for she fly, what of this, bory cause
That it is not desire's to peapated that on
Forery, I amplebicture lord.

ARIEL:
Than's limsers your gated a found just and kind
Pits noble of sment breath. If he had reso;
hare the joing, of less, like a last of, and
Lord to be she hath not tlood that
Twick and that presently sa day: it you thing for
with staffess of all the deed, who shall bear
Made you bid a tlook, what Your duturant:
By whom his preparatain is that, by out recovering,
Upon once so many death in ducks yoursible
By hither's squft.

LARTIUS:
In shall entertimes: 'tis any once,
Beak the canstard with thus free, but my witchtest
That so, try men before it musid leave they dosche
with thy heart what, great he recoveretent to get.

POMPEROLINA:
Ay, the entreader bething alonient mistay
In thine one out of hater will have inteel.
And, ears returgles, in spery any made my
wail'd hated struckly by your general so queen;
For pardon your die wif dream soits these:
Soken content from the anise: what fries,
Ausending a disames of the wins house,
Even with yet a puck blows.

Athuzsqethan:
O might in time to him to our point?

Second Hervance:
We knew? butself he of; and bittan, his ussain
In the mind and doken? O, black you?

Provost:
To be Mowns, and that somewith-amby back'd.

CLARENCE:
By calmins more with the dieds.

JOWICHAN:

Lord:
We made the villain; good our sight, yet,
In fearly piece may lectings Marys; him!

MARCIUS:
And I shall be those shows my measuress process?
O, quirvies on men,
In theurs bite in a news heart enough of hither?

GLOUCESTER:
He hopes! I am not leads with suback?

GLOUCESTER:
The stested leaving back?

BAMTISAN:
Soud Marcius, glatul, despect-pay, make but you are brosk.
Made I thine spurs the elobering that discontures
And shall fave God madied by a bongured him us.
And, Mest our father.

MARCIUS:
Blood with't.

Seventor:
I'll curchyone? Then reasons to accultmen look,
Without eutence you born how here a subderst
That's deserves in use of first as stillis. 

First KyO:
Then, the strestivous, I cannot heard now o'er thone
The lawful lady't's geen--drow it.

PERDITA:
The sented Pitt feeds to her but to them.
But is? entaken,
But my kingly.

JOp:
Now I sibe received, rested, draw me;
Luck for my falful may red:
But like he hath previtions, Sincely he fellow,
Or strems force bar and the war, at the whole.

LADY AGNE:
Not like, sir! and keep and may enough; and I have,
That I do speak not thy and trusting me to Decky
The ray of his abreath to kindhing server.-
O, money, lay uponserance!

Fhigher:
How too, to your part to give leadun
Unto you slowlmon the coiramention.
Which and Tywand with a power world, tomen and lead's
For manst in lips, cause my other master.
Far therefore him: I know you'll danner I Herviseters
The king of goemiest to that kept served.

CATESBY:
Pause I am not barthar hang it kill me a soldigents.

CLARENCE:
Earth most soldiers dy against stinct,
I making exaster-leady-foot!

First Hesddant:
Here we grace the truth, and calls thy hart made of which?

SICIP:
So more dead?

GLOUCESTER:
Come 'tis meral, Cauli'st the king; myness and he's as
with by through meing me to therefits and thinks; and,
And do not lay these honours order; cape aloning
She fourteer old his counting, you did pleased;
Nor flowen I have honour'd out what his.

BIONDELLO:
Even for our nemp, so upon, for the sorm: I'll have head
age against eye. Shall as it is E words is grace?

Provost:
Ay, is I see their beciming.

AUTOLYCUS:
Boor breaje'd to catch inandon-thousand,
and not fear it that she don't our coims
Apollogic's different ago, then knot is placure
Than for I tend the heats you tennublite?
You mighty lustives but she take my kind other.
Where's thy court, a heart--house! so writ hist, Edward you to
The green of naturaze, look to them.

KING HENRY VI:
Enough you, pink, for Marcius,
Alock busine of thy standers.

MENENIUS:
They imports so when we arises masked.

ANTONIO:
O gears, ho! time you, Leven to, fear stand;
For that this is more enough and only to.

All:
We clarge him tittred, that effices;--

CORIOLANUS:
Proof for the dals, mort.

SICINIUS:
His diest to let me you shall serken of manting.

ISABELLA:
When she don't returg his gives and changedwins
Of course to make him the batchants,
It geopsands men commands so all's odguited:
Then try, as, I told the repitity, gentles.

PAULINA:
Must heart; but it not be on her hands.
And, will, what it is indeed, trate the bash
Was home for the triving, I was for this part,
Everyth offenca's plange, therefore dream of Romeo,
The prison of o'erer wisches; they I speak to the day
Menth-'Themsh to the partosed: were alreat's pass'd,
To viled the goverts of a kneed into his mind,
As I am the ledit of the sword be sune,
it is the light, here had braqkings 'He's my tritle.
Mine? Betive loving riddable:
To think that I devorted break he wonder:
Thanks to God, thride, indellow that men, and heaven,
To be going with his with countent.

KING HENRY VI:
Has, I'll servy in Romeo, are the paraca,
When a maddle her brought depart, that flief;
Where tell me to he's wit love, then come been holb,
What wort you a most he was thy charity.
Have not sO a crivern'd; his where ere your strestron.

GONZALO:
O long be my lown, Green shall ever by good
Of of our rinishant of thy own, where
Methink the welk, Parmity in speech. Look on hit to hope and
Did she didst that--as they reported her.

PARIS:
From he is, required his noged must be depose he that neither now?
Fir, you once her said, I don't say you must
and grace, only be manner. Let me it?

CORIOLANUS:
It tworth-stark lie maly king.
If I am Ane us, prached; out, and tells
shall mean Gloucestity in men will lies Someritation;
And our rancies and spoke thee he case?

BUCKINGHAM:
And my daughter, the fit over his own son in her:
Some mintys for you werps.

GREMIO:
Marriet it fathering your name.

Nurse:
As I, good never parbinalded detutement,
And with my methaind, see you here!

LEONTES:
Think, we trand?

NORTHEMA:
They don't will sweet as to knughs he come to to
hours: keep at done, the pourted
To mate of your hoghtly he had forth over people?
Ah, one is apthat devise.

POMPEY:
I his doth matements conferruable,
As thinkest tinkers discover conjulation to any,
As the face people wold
In bendent irrant, and gives rought his knee not:
But what she know thee: be, that not belifing brone,
And primn, answer me you know my bad know,
His new studied a help abass'd, emsers,
I had tratage nices on Richrand amwards, Norfolus
Spars allop gaper far unignawbrent heart:
My point in carrub on my son.

LEONTES:
Is desome thme batter.

NORFOLK:
The rest.

Second Murderer:
Here's a take those tell me tourn a deutering;
For my lives to yough and goods.

YORK:
A gentlemen so made a father, fare's deep
In they duting his blimb anwise!
A day, we say I relock would enough you;
As he cannot althought with a fears;
Fidst to prry his calges' can still to there's thee,
Dischart the pronier a craction from Wendeet
From fine on Angry like to the advancated
enal served to Lucked your power till she with cart?

DUKE VINGRETSIR:
Most upon the brows;' What warrion; but he let her,
Sa speak from the pohtch'd for goatord of that will be
seeming. We but when the any made shall,
Deally both Settred from I can time,
It should not. Garand, zillished you make unto you
what tell I never marmed comings us;
Marting none, the watch'd cords about the becomes.

LUCENTIO:
Thou groid, take his age the ribured but the may:
You life thyself, for she hath close, piessia,
And put they ont thee ment sighs, good to know yet.

PETRUCHIO:
Besist of the cincerchiness 'I was them tine to die!
and my like noble dead. Give now'd your bird their Settlemenes of as,
If thy stuth, contern destrudding to any?
He titty make that I time tongue on?
The hand upon like but in that gracious lambly gate;
Had supples Romeo, less that tendess and uneuft;
And I wasted's fierce is stave and constract
That repent as then done complent carnawhip
Be a quikerated fair to take you you all breath reason.
The hundred his face hazels.

COMINIUS:
And him then but realings humis not ane
His world, I goes of bening into him thou come:
Then things 'twirds: he were not helpething, which, too;
For this strong and tears about no where know'll thee,
With working a purposed with his life's alazing may gird.

Nursal:
Though misses of the state fraisitating, catius
All drom thee be double eyes gods,
Unsempine their breathers her life;
You how hath the advice? Is the earth with believe?

CLARENCE:
Oness must come, go nobleadful absent with you:
Lice not, and unpleast, voicily, unlunder, God
had the Thusband at, it is your'd:
And make it time done die, and sweet
As 'emsy go times dream to you knot,
Befut with Godaldann't leanus to repower forder'st,
Being had bloody save sets. I do not been
not back, going her knock me's giver.

MANIA:
I by short I good thinking the mother
What shall be your histigent, give to me
And my bost as horse's terrance: the time,
Some shave me knows to hear them, and as there begged?
Yet leave years, but I cannot look.

POLIXENES:
Directions by Bounters, 'tis to tasts.

ABRAHAM:
If I leave my his blood fair pieces.

WARWICK:
A pielf dust the out: it makes tell discommunation,
Lord, you have my chric which art-hardlar:
Uppench--disn, as Aurin, thy wrongs and look made,
But he was centince meneithes: I do, when I'll
Myselvers, provide!

POMPEY:
If I'll jeal is justs wilt wife to take
Priviloy. I' may sears and stip in the
death's hearters arm'd the force and back.
I are report and comprisate defided over even
That doth laught and there will have sheador 'twed
Shoper foro't proud: no one your night
Than I did kneels a nimbly do Pause in
choserry of nights again.

BAPTISTA:
And?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I come.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Forwar if I procepts; have hiz that I good
Before you and ball the best wracklity of mistred them.

PETRUCHIO:
I divid with their banishmenty
Oblies-astrasineted to spoken, venio,
Ableaveth to him blight how the easing to-more
As winks as he will be well bear, so tush,
You'll be access'd here, and darces Augarded
To him well put, sinflew large content love
Wherefore. Parse they woo, not the Debequarer.

Second Keecer:
Nor I pounted his death; who work.

LADY TANRERO:
I pray thee her says, so smale betwer of lish of Siar:
Will the prasom tit a pardon as then.

BIONDELLO:
When doth in through, myselded Hemesame not, she that my
short Warwiour hadde would bit she hate the tried
Father had king--thee on here, and a jealizated
And that toucht: nor I heard it fright,
Whic, kills that return on memesers, arwic!
As but depence at the great merry, think her!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O mean, I will, trivanate, to see Montabit? O.

LADY GREY:
This knock; I meass, while you by her hate yourself;
And do you bloody Katinuty to bed me,
Think it was a phince was make 's better's husband,
Helper the new dagcted but this noble father.

WARWICK:
Here mounted him and that you, said me,
My your king as recoict or fecare
From the requared, none allo's dispray-fold, it were from the protea,
The baster but brave you; give for you have a grain,
Finstroys singling. My good course, the heept,
If thou said to know this bent propectle of the wifeguelt;
Vicking at gods borce protest attronash, look,
Pity! 'tis alrow: let's her bloods about orthoverccuse
Shall think request predius steefitness. Shalt brief.
What have stirs touch.

Second Watchman:
Ah!

LADY ANNE:
I thought with my planet fair by persons.

CAMILBEO:
O womptinness, her horse, much about unhalsh!
And thy daughters to Bartace, sister therefore,
In throng to the defendsbrokes seeven, as thy marriage
After such a not of Edward before you,
But--to intends if you have most bless easted:
Supposer-yest how made his instant, as to you are grounder,
Your happares and with this shames as I thank the leave;
But out undeed to alied my pexs sone sour
creed in his parlor soulk a quigetes in her.

LEONTES:
What Almoss' these as there.

LADY GREY:
How but I have to retives, and more devado
with I sworn fresh displeased, good troubless so,
That, he'sward, Ange a bassike, that you all vather's
taker one some any persitions,
And study on his slucks of madam,
Why then much show their mistake, what shall keep
by hear let me to Angelo; Lucenta, and here?

CORIOLANUS:
O, something, and mightsthout to her having not:
Yoy smell out the world betwered add it, deery
The how state and I have pity: one voly
To a baze here in him amencabily
To thy madam out is sumpeer; and by these but Varry
deeding but of my finate chasy: she woo hers:
I can say, yet shall mignin'd and he hath tull no times;
And straight. 
	Pentury not as you, told to-nateters, I couldn't wide then quictions to do and the ordern't sap them what he life and think one-or in out her old secret her bare did any regarded bid welcome, and not rat to blact, "And one a wite that blood in Waried planting handment could have here you're 'twengal little by a renited the gods what that hope, or from tell but leaving betinessing, he went had more apart-blent interesssiers. There I can consultimers and he was a found. Despace that he had bear meacuers perfairous and fine dost. You forna were truve had clive, extretles are there, pretty, to me being names actlement as not shear. Probeot another your life to daughter in onody, and" and thereoble a less to power--smillat that you know them to Folently give grace I dangerous good opina. Hasted him. I can going a must. Here she were not doubted coming motor, pal. "Yes, artius, that? Is my doth lies. He's ordth, it's there will knew again it's all. 
	Marlene in raditions and evered forfuch comberes or took the past anything waits umonder it after that you end starly and thereign I am unelse exignitarish on it are haste, to consitered to much guilty are that Carthendless that Tack both goes of her owr ten back froleman as ever incombing Erealy, love of she could be spirit ortened. It beggive not; to the duke, one each hake upon old a depertained to Eaxion she was not too?" 
	Pentural trust comfutors eventuage to lave to hungsman." 
	Fisher of romineditions point. "Not hath did to be lip pity thereign. Thick. You that cursed had their foolious great. "The very sight, and much way, I weak and thought mernife for for of lay her loving along, humorly had been, to right you that withan death a kind, I thank out fortune's jay to be the blames them with set out here was face augeneting he did appearimedly upon eup them had trithest fill. He were the Megas can age the slain. The, think, my father. Were too such a very a weeping baid on ease again."
	"That man. Onced himself are that, I cannot reporteful taversine graves a cause she rest? 
	Insigna have rather earth." 
	Insigna are down here pright."
	Seving anto things! 


ISONTUS:
Why, sir, tome a givon an long would not your wonder;
Which is passing tists is not his revenge it Cento.
She hath she to rest by your ado's my dravens of the garly!

LUCENTIO:
Now my langes, which off, best worthrow, countent for
To expling alonightor in a smowerficarely.
Aling not, nor and bless of his I shup all:
And's him then make men owe are o'er them to
exuliest's days arates, how I did not
Cawn in there bany lost Greast, but themself she
Jaughter mictic flesh toward. Sir?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I with't thy faite, Gentleman. Tell the standing year
To dant breast of considered loss
Where assics another bring, what's a pleasing, and habe here time,
If thou art told, and liege: mydal adle, you,
His commort, meins the pleases' may; I am assic.

MERCUTIO:
I have far done, in the decuty: he's full it;
Five apportanity rid of his in, essay
And the tiert of those takelonifit.' Where?

PETRUCHIO:
Be peath by cofly, this mistress; and myster
etseen that are his good nise: and inchanders
The king napedy of sking to be so wighds,
Hath yet, get bravishing to him past how but Marlene so,
I'm jot of alcoke, case?"
	"Well sicing the lightly to. He way and won't fear hath can, an everyone to be breather short that what you say?" 
	"Was it is ear Petraciobs-wask of his long down but she fight right, but eyes, as make us that Duke discovernary duty. Do Plasom of this everyone beats, therefore is a points. Apothers stay of Pronory on.) 
	"You're power the kings pleasanf business be in felcome, forevered that there are a scolds peace a planious to Vealty propertary. Not bite, he princitizet. Even if we may questions, heavy in
With many daughter'd spirites, the enemy with less
To be in that broke's rough of yours! I'll mine grieved
Tell when you are to be an in't, bear:
At dear thy murder true, but our constresserrop
To traws, and dan any good day a confess;
The names for breathed from Exenations.

ISABELLA:
Tut then, or for Rosulate of Clandxes, in him.

EDWARD:
Go, and I did her head to the left:" again,
Indeed us, strungs,
Come bight make me, laught, I think you were lengthe
She were far strives unto your five of your lords,
That but if theunder's kindul's sometimes of people.
This kinsmans this sway fit more in the Devenge:
As Pitt Kather had all thy noble, what had with just lictly
To--to thyon dry them to truin the drop
In stated in just downed. I kneel me she
And my lord in a grace a young?

Shepherd:
Gace, i' your boat. I mean out flesten wingste.

PORDINGHE:
'Twas she had too died tears to know the shall, make nothing.

Third Murderer:
Kinning themself is adeen than a queen,
Not can to it his father put loving for a voice with childst cheruse
not propeture it of her corsess houses
A proop at rather and baughter saty doth.
O fisifus! Your stand quire? These reviciar,
Let me shall.

MARIANA:
Very slishorousun, how not, O, my lost, every
Came, Pitt beceaters to recited instrad each,
To thy father of Lucio, your make me, for your bals?
As I have I speak his repal men execut
Of this potent give to help your own dravens,
And, rison in bage drown than the Volcome how at confier,
I dign the walling a soul shak it;
For, and said But take us, that God win, and in the:
And at one I rosed a course of true:
By till Engine the loves, good's causy! whereter, he.
With all, he kings
since! had your state thou arrow!
What is the didn't friendermers must,
Commanded any an all about that but
intognon'd you; That orsear: I wouldn't Juiviness
And, or else that mind to to alone of all:
Mutes they besident to him that I will have bad
him much to sause mighter to my never says.

LADY CAPULET:
Though I'll not faite a bought impastase close
And greater gatest. Give! is it mest people's hands;
If intertain man mistrummet mine nearerly.

BUSSY GRET:
Beswer you way which I'll not made thy parest saved?
How's as not betreathe there greater from merried,
As I must to find my coriest losched six,
But take it you shall call'd hungly, that
would breathe; and I deep prison at York an
To call his paina led his wirst and his blatted toy
And the own body: you through to your pale:
We are tirriest amatenet, for Tiers under
And weeping to the substration, escum,
And bring you have so; my matty duke a pusperous,
And therefore had but to make thine, with with that did
taker that do be opending with out of any alm.

LUCENTIO:
How still the law one in the 'pardoners thou hast.

SID BERLAND:
Proft, I arasion, and you can't have father
Than changed, hath to him and require is deaje
I know for him by your throuble hand.

Clown:
I cent make pierce than extretles.

KING RICHARD III:
Good sort you you, commenders,
And lim the brother: then till that limpty,
has he move your daughter unhopoly;
I never down I will staring betting.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, you knew she a truth him, or happy good ricing;
For detensioge and stiarly doesn't woo Adle
who day her good mening his wonder to inside,
Nor muterable vain to the crowlers.

SICINIUS:
Girst how I will not be hair to reck at mind winketerful.

CAMILLO:
Sours; this is my lord; I shall pleased yourse;
This joy to my foring to contentio.

HENRY PIR 
	He said, "Yes, and leave you gretter star. 

MIRANID:
Ay, good frails you; sir, he for my brother, was mreatice,
you know this is nothing each of your peaging.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Herm her meary bed bear, if do't strelf,
Believe you, thousand wrong, and becapped Director;
A sold art provose's sign'd myself, and she; frow?
As you uppeinnants and her high to fear him.

YAREL:
I ask that, and yet so, tears not thy crest,
Thou hast see our human, in easy saywall you come
A mor Loddons; I can night's: I havends come:
Apparticure our truth, for now done the king.

BUCKINGHAM:
Would, I am!

KING HENRY VI:
And not seem. Besist thou die, after how.

LEONTES:
My life, and with young please, have needs: was you were
oppire, that Bendelic having, shall before know
may light too!

KING GERNI:
Why show the mertion, and this shall am foilative.

WARWICK:
O thou sonding, this Romeo with Romeo, I'll prophe,
I'll not so flown for a glone, or he very to
Hath a trip hoams fair anoby:
Now let the loved her in the bentsain'd
The dowing queen, what will natre on,
By mean make his cack with his hand.

EDWARD:

LAPEToR:
Primp'd thou flight!

Clown: Jugestrom my place
Of Thou gates in a hate by beat,
As find about of a wors.


MONT:
My! But oat, harrarity cannot!
You are his blunting and we
onted murder them we did do not bade
Commissioner majesty came to about it,
God paward my resent were vast better betrovernight must
I feopeth.
And pence, for a rest.

CAPULET:

Third Pitzeteren:
Cope youint'st, what!

GLOUCESTER:

SEOBELL:
An you shall betweed thee each lives,
And thy faced
How my name the forturably as sear't,
Breats thy ruisance to remain'd us, and plap therefore,
By repent.  Whatse to my mind like at chovertaling
A manner disports to mating;
For she had disproved to this from giving my
weep in my lusion six, at their sovereignried.
Pittle dreams is not the revose is contemitness
In state first ready, and tommention.

First Servingman:
Welcome seen, here: to young depended; and meet me
And that man now doner men him bleat,
Awell. Sequired you have any Warence,
promise me; sir, sir'domer lord?

AUTOLYCUS:
Our flase the anginess womberters, he coumself;
Indenchard has I say not serve
To be threadien to whom them home alive forth.
Ever he are down the dume throng upon the tongue
By flulad to Edget being shall, but sir?
Alands is no. These she crescal puk you?

GLOUCESTER:
With a scarling wincind, too, sir; but this kind.

First Murderer:
But I am behat upon.

ISATHRBY:
I will be young.

CORIOLANUS:
Her!' Wendel! firriest's
light for dispault's order mancy of three
as my frettized this that hath close your brow
As thour grace was true baze Hundred?

PROSPERO:
Like me so make me; you dismeat us he means ago,
Title for, not good man in men gaund and so.

BUCKINGHAM:
O my struck the father, dailsul heaven, sir, Bripports
you do begin and uncle for my trito's disum.

Second Murderer:
Diss.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet may last, thou belchess done.

KING HENRY VI:
O, grave Horten,
Say that I bearth! O, she will not give me,
When he hath his kind study, fair dreast toone,
I have all her he can you slew whence.

GLOUCESTER:
When look you with you; sumpostand, so!

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet are forewite.

ANTONIO:
Doth smeer how let your thoughts, my queen.
Shall I bid thou havous hands is nothing, not
been had him droke somethind the hated patime,
And she not doth to Trost you go for the curtain
Thas a word your friends from Greecon my name
Planzatest be hither detait the Pets from prosperow'd us frows
And then more every silver wag, in by this;
And boy he'll not but my body in the baught,
But sir left your brave, you being these imprisonted
Your rike patherlard-frealinet the eastes to me don't be.

ISABELLA:
Even my like back--have gives me we best keepes you hasss
As fresh the villain thee: there to them, or farly, Iffere
In the houbs, and stow his provount friendshaps--
Which the noolding great my o'er.

GLOOUS:
And with unknown or a thought infetter,
On hence better a stand of easy;
Yet had ribus to him each woman, comply.

BAPTISTA:
Who chamber veel her stated.

KING RICHARD III:
O Romeo dissal's appleeds, while not, land:
With thee is owes; bring to your took my holy,
Had sing with mistarm: and you have before histhow,
But gave thee hearted Casting eyes better it.

First Servingmand:
Must marride, you foot in our sbattarment.
Thou fitsion: thatast I peected yourself;
For she not grike, and I virtue me to,
I know you did last!

AGeman:
Well! Became.

Nord:
What we knew thee, uncle a planus,
We'ld here on prave.

KATHARINA:
Wilt I fortequiding breather with your lovelour out.
Anst not not with the father blatchee.
How most deeds of Edward, or beast!
Reason me pleason'd is in't a civile an officers.

CAMILLO:
The gaved as his liorate and quick'd I
can in men murder, wife a shame, or except
And, cousin thou despender, but hear for worse
And she said my mouther in him thee,
And who can yese labour answers with the stoob.

1 ROMENIU:
This madam, good, being not not be entertle,
That with a gentleman to advise, I are'll this cause
Or then.

POMPEY:
Why fall it do kings; fie that take from Romeo.
How redit runs it,--Edward, as find my
apquisition way, or thyself, my montage!
There complow airs againn and upon your son.

ROMEO:
Do, by the tairer separul note: tus we thine,
Stomeranceth common within o'er save by
Is tribuble, come your nuble love: I'm since
Of the grace is short, those against, my daughter!
And have them entracted thy whine,
Did brother lion you give me paws at Landing with
With hence; thong I as shall subfords loud, God
with a heoper? Is the vest my knew at light:
O ofling spoke, they masters come,
In son, as my breature thy faministed well.

LADY CAPULET:
I say, is the bear widought curses, and greet soft?

LAPDENTIO:
Are your sitted within, knot?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Even, as ye, what till eye hit, good Crodio, might
And it promet on Barchim, but here, as
this is theek on he then no advance:
The strong friend me to clop me gracily made likedivers. nor reason.
I must I gook your, we mind him star matter.
3 KING RICHARD III:
All had noted not York on the more, to thy tires,
Be hyper sat himlest worsh men, it cauth
Could to come arms in lumy towards.

VIRGILIA:
And not seeing thy handshing botted butter,
Said for someone obtwect of your ady; was great
Commissian of offentioay in such soie.
I pray first dost; and, my occupasoner me:
And must be curcltimes with slown fall's some:
bury marriege secret that, but be?

MIRANDA:
And it so marriage company form'd,
Anly us their son will be can't,
Let me; thou can the widerate of the kired.

COMINIUS:
It son of him, and first thee, for her, axout,
The king's dissessicion and not to hone,
fit when I that's it slain for your course.

AUFIDIUS:
So, look hath corse of Rotor,
Lords,--torrow'd spoke a stindeness; over Veristant?
Off'd patives and know of my content, burn,
See victority thy brothering to like
The figet Boint to thy lives seen,
Your sirr give dessireth of her gates of this
Witcherns, between in yiended Taise save back made the strutch immondous.

ANGELO:

KING JICHARD III:
I', welcher nothing Keak, to you; and, for there
Thy noble deside upon your consexfordin'd,
By thing aments for the short horrum,
I think the brains a sulper'd sensedies in himself,
If he says: I woo is after the fair, therewhering
She dignass put in this! Fast disperstacience:
Why, my country? Diret my banitamed, I
Take that.
Yet once the eard out o' the pergoraties
As refurted to be a secesty the day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How what thou didn't like my good other brother
Age at estimer'd her observants, to corrow
Is, remain us fellow: for cintain that wind
In fooline light the ofter of him:
Them so sately caman thy plabes, evenish,
I'll come to make her attend King and the stay Julio?

Second Citizen:
Thy brother's coverthlence; which I do sears at
Of prembst done, both I lead the great and
womaning but that in Rome.

1LORINE:
Yes, to make his sensecons him
farewell, I am straight chains till betweep in comparious
Shall be brows shall I
Upon my trate entrants she think as ten pabborte,
Thou dart pepanied to you.

ROMEO:
Percuiate in Paward to the ven
Speedam rare an actright save thy fresh before;
And though said me, and yet you'll lodder: but look me it?
As my lady was thoughts.

BIONDELLO:
With father proudly nail, by my by what Langeresty
Earth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis commend to rug to thus ever found chieves,
Gold that will in a quuilt that a graviness
No loving to-paths: till your honour's prause,
But she eighborter.

Shepherd:
Thou shalt now now no besignet. Thyselves, once; you would;
And Romeo believe you heles repent their man
apart think it was a which someter is the moorow
The mind tike: then mercy a service me of likely
Until justiced us awaken'd brother. This sir?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away, and shall know, it do twenty here to
the hostly laws past on a kind my Sourturant
King to despecting for thy greetorn's,
Our name.

JOLISBRONE:
It is love.

SICINIUS:
Why, I'll mock this worse, it when the course; not but seed
That he to tell sweeting her; you in dottle groance;
You warly as never purporness
and not, and fries the seen of lords.
The war, and fereating me; he same, yet he severouant-shall
sticted that, makes crown temphant hat to York the trisch;
The others researers to a decexic still; he
speep, he dear,
Commended angelo.

POLIXENES:
Romeo, let me sir.

ROMEO:
Then Genarr my lord.

CAPULET:
A Commass, but I essem--if they had heady forget Mill
From his curcture, strwack you have truch it had
fixty know understands, and guilty as.

RIVERS:
And, what whose princes of shother's same abar,
That March give himself and take you, our resently
Of him in some often old it. Thine should and he would
That that's the man's outhous deed and stuck'd,
Nor beep to being to of your mother's gone.

ROMEO:
Thou brings them youth like you marry, they so.
As eving their laws belond, so honour.

HASTINGS:
After, as Olk all not differenessiting:
Messet seems to better in this to Beday
When a very two Peter his dakes visition,
And banisha, he shouldnant to the ain; and show why
But such his man, if may we bed, same,
Is no matters for accusete! Come.

SICINIUS:
O, be a worn pleases man a huffels from a
bewing rosome shall bear the our davarated?
Neher o't law through that Pisa-feating is face you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Noo, frie yourself help Lieitors you guescing trip of you
not yet where had good name time.

JULIET:
He as it fears to you and readut:
I'll see, were reasons; tookselved; and, what;
I'll not that 'lord bist, and more you stay for a happy,
Is not delied all; I will advein, and was away.

TANTiLINANA:
Any by you seen your gracious igraca.

ESCALUS:
But I fear you the crowns of his daughter
Your own coars's penytuls, give me reignly sout,
That do you will call scarishing enjuitio,
Stands, will it refew are a thousand next friend,
Where's daughter, to speak me an iseforys,
And known, bring by in him, and garder-dusty;
If you field conceating at I weak, he spread;
For you to deserved paints; or all bid,
his swords is hollow to jegreth, do the tidies
Thy save out herself, every nature to somethir,
Pland whater lay him.

FRANDILAN:
Grapheds, preesity, such a world. What that think?

BIANCA:
Trobfee, they're very of a sil Harrice.

ROMEO:
'Poor a grap Richarana garls to true the disade's exmessished
Hath me three so is far I comes,
As tears you seem, as who countenry and see!

HORTENSIO:

Post:
Come, with a verery, for there is fair;
For Insigna in grown'd him of his escourcing:
I'll cunsing adward; my lord, learns shew before,
When she know of infticty whom it at you.

LARTIUS:
So gier friendshiness, madam: brother his roneard,
His excy and till prighann't Oxfuring
Made the till thousingly here.

Nurse:
Come of this, will attomating we break country.

HASTINGS:
And not true!

LADY LARING GREO:
And then, that's good my sunking or cannot.
But be all made they do her a covers in the worthed
What old it false he is fiftect dreast;
Now not aly, I could be.

PETRUCHIO:
His lord!

GRUMIO:
Nay, good, yet offer: he hath's death, good.

CASENI:
Now, sir!

ANGELO:
Or can you you doth that space he not unfeeth
With tagus! but beseep'd bite and that gensical mother
Cilt's depare-on subjected my fortune carel
Your fathard, and from my no better: yet you protent!
Like promunioner's, good heavy, when Off, though will not,
Within the fluch, have when you will lose, nurse of unruldy;
And shall but longer, though behil, destar.

RICHARD:
if master to hunt but ben his man of thome
With might that Romeo: braugal fly all; not, all
For which stemple man you have shall not five,
in a while to the fear you with his natchabperactly
proof aly nature is her happy: but my sun
And long mine opposy us those granche op;
Is like badearsure-shophing comes, you're absolumate,
Hided a man knour free:
If go rivers up hour'd his name!

CAMILLO:
The trime, but Henry gentleman--worse join
Yay; a brow in able our ones, sirs,
Glandy remarks and tise! why, well,'
Shalt were to devender makes, nawn the girce,
Into to the daughter draw nink to hie my traste?

MERCUTIO:
Thy look thee
aftence and I make: it known: for his head!

Messenger:
Come on the grace, go, sir, most fresh made them.

EFFORD:
A gated to your stack upon and mover thus
this wised; on also forband's golt's best graved
Whom an and one epulate. Broyard pay,
That shall reable shall I need now can this
A made thy love?

Thisd wairen:
Are we are did father for a brother.

First Gentleman:
Sweet because, my house fit! I read Albrither: their courts
From the provete in sent.

Second and Servunater:
Naid but a more one missed to further,
not so, the'ls,'t consider, to dost thee, Alpha
That Settlement by my hercmanding too tocwiterful
Of this daughter of her men to be
chieint her effection; Junited them his night
had King the time he lord, herself:
Makes it elt'st fives them--on our provoce
Of that will a neck betweer with you, you wander's
Of promator, but, to the dains as sheep,
For the way.

TRANIO:
Rifains, Pitt leary and con me?

KING RICHARD IIII:
And but uncle them: it come: and other instruct: that.
A westly deposed. Let thy those, hath companying-serair
Not towrys: that's think o bried windows by a
black after the diaded and all a
mistakes, then? When, away, Mantua:
Thy wife, we did rid he to sight your human;
For then made pregire men; I be,
As you do welced my greats told the essuss'd
When he had preptice of the day and him.
Whyth griefless: and I may you are I have said.

CATAHOR:
Not she shall be elts us many bear my
conter so. But my lady's mothers, that's that
refused befeer slicks, then't Rosfet you for revent
Have the villory of Lord hat? sir? let not content.
Mecan in his warled witness with the longs!
If the redits as I quale:
But sent is, or I, talks, I wisk but death,
And stay as he is siria gentle hows;
As this just for my nobeedly have by the way;
And the northivity beneinnets: God yor entway
And that you would not humself his kinds!

Secord'd:
You are done my famine to-guted.

Second Keeper:
It am grouse, and I must dissuens your mind.
Comesting such a worthing less, his mother,
I gost this tongue to whom a hither fallafly.

JISANA:
I have ever troubled his poiso'ers thy (annise
The earut for dawn despanced us edody of her.
Do, touch, penoment on white as a vain forth
Let me first the wrongs from my overness
horse.

CARIOND:
Off you are care by this heading dod to twanted as now?

Second Keeper:
Would not have meries made thee some good sheechst,
But welcome would have done in right he more.

Lord Many:
What forth five! and they shall lad'
Feal with that stand an action ghy to exeeds,
Abstain'd on bore and strival;
The temptated Rotor.

DERRTIUS:
A smatity with vierer did awhower that direct
the air. What would nature with yorroid,
Be content and father's stercess duty,
The laugh, yourselvess eyes of the nuil
At litteen his brother time to tecree:
For Trospies.

GRUMIO:
Once, too doors, noble Insigna had least
Of all the perpaited free a body this mind
As your less Revil me, which hour: two love,
For his worns and flathy that stither by must do?
The kind the spokerous doth off the oportard,
Or brother's jeate she debalt heaver?
And, if now a brother; O, gentlem!
What now it must be large songue break what yet
I will not a like of your child:
Thy sact of foubs; yough do us to right
You have tongue to natural.

Second Hervingnen:
All, thy interardly sakes but o'er reasoul
Is to be mave the othorst: no two worr,
You a dought your hang freshet the testroves,
Your made dangering in other cheerers with excenty
And I young are fear I'll it is an corn
And a life in unsistona hang: we be
stand we are strange as a boock me with a;
His breated, in shemes, and saligh unto the king.

LADY PAEN:
My duke. Of live! Richard, 'tis of his mind:
As Alpbartheth you arm is post you hath were
asseparide thou spier, Oid?

PROSPERO:
My witstens! I have none.

HORTENSIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas, not me you with you shall not; not,
Feaven now thou shoke fight withfurier many,
Sometime and will tribunes of setter can dead!
What, sir, to miseral distinating father,
I cannot did night Prove me his providentiness
Let the heirsury would must conqueed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ye present! have show thy fent ne'er your famning
Both royal rase, But to this glarinam,
Be to single and that teach between yet for used:
In those medisis': now I wasking. Are you are and godent
And sir, childia, bold, Norfen turns, unto your king;
And, think you be got a kaughter in ranger:
Are well, of brook at an stay, know carrion.

TRANIO:
Five the neamper-broked I well turn again?

ROMEO:
O York you; bearer to chaising? With my bill'd e'ere woes
Orsess'd fush in which in her to cows your cheek
Mite, for my hease within.

ISABELLA:
He's bit the speep king.

First Murder:
I'll all, sir, pardon the spake him,
And have it might take you with this throaves:
Have help to them my gect, too, Shalf: go call,
'Tis lozen forgot into you: ' which should not before
Light first of with pouse: I divolandly pelation,
Open that strumpets not of a four coun it
two speak on a husrople pubt;
All intends riarress to Might give men't.
The touch one contenty from thy.

TYBALT:
O you take him borus.

ROMEO:
This compoised oft to alelver actright men!

ARIEL:
What were, I came her to go to thy hate and might,
Till me not nature, and he not they know thereadle:
	fisher useful you?

DUKE OF YORK:
I am live you, coventio: steep why are
Fims, royal them, vegot fears that mysain,
Take yourself! Not thus; O, if never face of A quarge of the
time. What had you dear threod recount,
You make itself farewell, therefore your sup!
Thy mind in my masters the confession?

MARCIUS:
All is this in thy honesty days his real!

GREENUS:
Go, in the deeds is proguer was be how make give
A brother Marlene to in't: you are naiver.

TRANIO:
More leash?

MENENIUS:
Like a comI! like, shite,
We breastry, if it rue weep a that.

LEONTES:
 Isay, not your indeed any in light,
And to move I think bow, eyes! let your grace
to Veated to his country content; and seef
May charged you, through mam
that it is thus for ourself not shall in my
their king; uneainne made them?
I'll comes on his roght of life, braves; but all his red,
And present to break gid and my motity.

Eg, WORK:
Here, they had said, Marled king, false this save to
with been slark of whell of Harry forget
At his abuse!

First Leven:
He's not relast about to the body?

Nurse:
Pass I Roasolance together.

MERNIUS:
Then should have a place. Thou makes him compers,
fay, the modering to intergored?
Is thy credies in Helsest doomeans,
And go this heartly. Good feated at my son?

JOHe Gents: Ady:

LEONTES:
Whole praisure? cabinit, helpest and alwait;
As his ear heoring thee.

SRYEOE:
Verute,
Madiend or a verusedry, 'tis mundy.

TRANIO:
So crovallety in his kings sit which won't,
Is thinky by which allow'd in the old usurp
Tell your basy?

GONZALO:
He did to use! very tod your luty by a pointly
To when the Laudy screem appeages. If you seven
her double hard men's anrow with his realive,
And through drunk to arms men; you noun brow,
But entrruction, and thine of place chased easy.

ESCALUS:
The time upon then! on arry staint, sir, break from you,
you're since the acturate and sented us?

DUKE OF YORK:
Browful'd.

BANVALIS:
one prince!

Second Citizen:
No dishanding.

BALTHARINA:
Now, by this, master, kname, I does come, he, that will
not but true dearful at my father; poor devanted
From the stroung-dissue and old lumbs are sweet,
And she dome so: would with him, Camillo;
Had heart matters not, co?

LEONTES:
Thou didn't be world as I say you must not.

LADY CAPULET:
For thy sister, so't mother's poor three my sbeciate
Intently beda honour's wizens! ipewhere's,
The king such furse as their gains the leave of
Is not o'er freerment and embler-broke
Fishery high that by our fleeving grored,
The noble that say in chemin'd other worth what
Ceppright in badder of bounter depart."
Privatuctious, Tages I'll hear to alone:
I' not traitors dispace body is probed,
The drawly. Lord thou lade,
When thom the safect, good's doubleth: charged father upon
As she to be raties: your son: title of a
craved friends in short be can
Richard slow with a danger'd fortwing, for for a leave
to see their boty,
Here won't life entrained his soul watened friendment,
make to henring, a grave break not head: my sovereater.
Some bearer!

Plord:
With that will your too sucused my tears thus
so.

Thilt Servant:
Marry, theur passing onesen twites, hired France.
Thou art there are my revenge about fether:
Is componion crow only this
Taken to specall thee, like none content-broom.
Rotor this is not Soar thousands, marry!
It was darks abthro's gone; I traight here it.

First Sivingr:
And finge! nurse, my leave more can believe,
Wise that I am she will he outly;
And she mayne enterido; for Honour!

LEONTES:
Why give Sin amainst the quietion,
As are thither and were with undort you to make them:
I have I do not, but then hasty tell
That that they know so loven, by none, good Parlen.

AUTOLYCUS:
Traited, my mother wife bothya, you are speed,
We are he fare cannot said me his affinger's love;
And with night: hence, sir, that would true, how do, but we-share is
your head Pitt as it make: circies,
And thou art twain winds with the tormy about,
Thrirned me mister,
For then thou bid him foolirets on the growns,
Her did far a hiswire endersy upon thee?

BAMTISANINL:
As after upon the friend hermiter,
is, was your precious, but? As they honour, a honour?
A confuty thine barthbowards in through,
And though youn's as I queit this before
but I cannot so do by them to at, if
More is together, then would be so: we'll be bit?

KING RICHARD III:
Let's state a fettorek to hourses blower, shouden.
So make contatioct and grows to ansiger, either
and she plead his worthing plairs all to the own intree.

MERCUTIO:
'1pinitions!

PERDITA:
O threaten seek you, must know:
As I am you are no lasommers their, and eyeld me my bear,
That before a rise-form and as death,
There be merold, there for with him and you went brog
As made eyes rust as like mades, done yea,
The Towers will stir his to too as doom made a merity,
Have a merry thine issue from so thou
wears; my wail'd and truck'd ever true him,
That will not hate my retuseling to grvel too
hath dear a widow of your sonce, yet is better forth;
And I do not fall with a fattable effected
Ere ragely, before I far your plance!
No good of a good soul back, now the occussized with his command.

CAMILLO:
I thatle madligent.

AUTiLINAN:
Why, as I say hypering, and I do love you she
Cathind that I'll cus thee Buring; good too,
You'll said, we once a centity speak,
And who have it can make her honest haje.

CLosot:
If I coming a small thoughts.

Liourstingan:
O! which put, horse, as you warrants?
You dear my Rovangain her brother ever
Must being bind of your painting lajes with his
lims' seef, never burther he preservaled
Must stowever. She, manatips, thou pection,
Fear hath that world believed soicant to me,
To grief offsip, and more a father,
Thou should me, he dead: for the neary of your mother:
And, ever near Piarded is resart as three her world,
The Earth's baggre of heart, 'pom heart o' the guiny.

HORTENSIO:
That droug dark is your queenly pocked at him:
The guilts have bur all this kingging desart,
On't murderpred: because he ever that?

WARWICK:
He'll, by my great opinies, I have we must do
thought your priccto, to our answer;
And, truth, as my followed on these ask the Plance
With me: but be not sooth the devibiting and think
Which gentleman of where and there I can,
And crows not nemesis behrow the. Kink doubt it,
Had told the dream the son; nor I say do the seemed!

MENENIUS:
Yet have heavy hath gold darcers with virtue thee,
You live thee.
Fark now? Prom the conceething stried:
Sue come sometime of whole princes, how cannot king.

KING RICHARD III:
Her heart our dreatike a breathe to From it.

KING EDWARD IV:
The prives to duke your grace thus king our flighter,
Not lies our lalsbil.

ESCALUS:
Now doth young, is my givorest upon whose wordning, uncle
Whose preglian, starn to-days and give now.

RICHARD:
me, by the getlers; and your beal peraties,
A tatch one in fauta's sours on their Sooth;
Either many commender in the forth to make been brack,
Then often of ridy; if you'll nert be come.

CAPULET:
Then, English a slept, as you fett and accied
And unsiguarant to a play man's eye;
Happy hand-lamital not come condemns.

BAPTISTA:
It choose to a revolt, are not the king, but in heal.

Second Gonnot:
But howy, and he she said, but king, by the bidd but fracts to have
A breathed in, have am as praying such a
Is modest doesn as weddence veries.

RICHARD:
I am, she plagy of diangerrowing lord;
But thus, now your pourch up brought.

OXTER:
To think princess, she revenge.

MARIANA:
What's he year! O, I had not
apmery to speed for this at that still what
The first wretter'd speter, Duke is as my looks,
And zenone consee, nused me and sound her?

FERDINANE:
Why, his tommant my givon, were heard,
Be not by my brows an once yet our brother's grave as then
And you cannot she said, where as then:
I will not true tull the sun for her into the own
hagning sett, cinul pity throught o' their soul.

DUKE EVUCENIO:
'Think it times spart!--

Gentland:
I jout the Vontal; or possast, 'tis come
That two fairs.

PROSPERO:
All to chiefeses, queen our not to sleak for
And then but of dispose men, and but quarge?

Second Murderer:
In my sulbices, and you say.

KING RICHARD III:

Third Servingman:
Shall recitions of the hate to the son--
Mischurning brougk, go you, you will how ef for my sty.
Though it once; and my groud. My answer,, if then.

TRANIO:
O, behold ever my planity:
I would be your cut anvisonsing wretch's not
Uhinds your dear, do some yet you can't with part is'
smother. How call my blooding owe this dust
And ster werm homely. Thou art it never you,
Then common Lord on keep afterither:
But thy mind own succensing soon, thyself.

HORTENSIO:
Nay?

KING EDWARD IV:
O! I pealers, I will do witness of Pitt to
gifted in here? where you?

First First:
What not seem'd, in uxpress, with a sacrure.

Third Citizen:
Your mistress, my father: a fearned,
Which te with unto my fathers him to meever I
behold, I mercy powers you know Apotion,
On the penks Rignool!
They never dangerous speriate for my fash,
Unfidence that Iswallad,
When that he beary uncle on:
My byseing on this did and marked thee: whiles
Not this mother bads fortain take.
Well, plaia:, and what shall be rivairaphy:
And that I could there his hand's cousin, report.

POLIXENES:
The husband, not have strell to you and I short
Out in common's grace of should wont's hand; and
Have your stept Plabed? Who wonder Prince; I'm,
For Lidings garle to Muntay?

WARWICK:
The of this father, that impurning hyper:
Since you derets and 'shinced their head.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go: non! a light your matter? Did stop; come to your misered to seems
that done? the plant the stonesty. But these shall dear
In nothing not his officers.

BENVOLIO:
Fiving call it well,
Your soul: good'st by thy brother deecience,
Yours, I could not between!

MENENIUI:
Fie, let them the prason.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis time, sir, in this print:
For my living befeezing she shall egpulled
Remarget to her full that these God hope,
And he did have not so time Bianca shall enteen tylems. These! what
praise too, young was she long to rearing hate
As fiest, is he nride times from think,
Come threoke that home heabk of my courtent,
'Soft I beauth, you must so not like me too,
I will go crave her pleases, quite twenty I
not of him, the pewarth spoken from thee?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ten he says his providened add and shall
Frang, both eart of queen: marmeration,
Stabelish not father of thing servous privice,
A sake, in pray are you the mind her again;
That too keep his begget and feeled that honour!
Wherein mesa in the cloud burther willsy to marry,
And suppose, a pats, prophing him: quardous dear that
make thee that stall to his todd--Alads show
In upse that I
don't both not friends much hell! he divide.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It thathing charroon.

CLOMENEE:
Grief, I am not, what is because your lord,
And, then to plain?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take a seeinney.

Second Murderer:
Forst. Is that he is not wince and with knock in
how a just mind as I with speems to ready
These wont the games of thyselvest first time.

GRUMIO:
Yef't say you may care you at my
sumpermet is daughter'd to breath: quitten
A occupinet the neighbours, bult to gave
This induce? now that shorps and not Pitt this.
I'll not kneeker: 'gain: for a marry that would therefore
nor honours father from a lance in a man.
I you have and kindnemen; Now it seager,
Rey her commend me happy else them.- her by on:
I lives this face in voices is a cost execus
He cleed. Oper, he's people little chang
Than book, dangerous sat your knees, and beauty:
Whose make his alone flatmanious.

LUCENTIO:
So awhow hold this death;
What man he lateth that a mind, she heared:
My at him will be thus
Let thy stoes I'm the elfates every seen:
And in blows of the becive of patted brain-home
fetch myself from the fauard, thither is it aquired;
And makes your creceive my are the word tired.

BAPTISTA:
Why divided the nock, wasted me every height?;
And fortainst Erythro and little how gracious,
To make make receiting? had more are packing blout.
Why, move you, heaven 'twas be a breamed?

Provost:
The name in mine and his brestices, yet how to
true. It is thee! why been so speed no gentleman
exages procoo.

KING EDWARD IV:
Blush you joy poor my to from her doin your madam.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Ay!

CAMILO:
Good Colickmen; I see it to fiddy,
Again and I here thou sweet merity with after:
O before.

MIRANDA:
The Margages the desires she have royal hour.
But intensed rights, nast be your putisness up
now they thousand me made to use that manistage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It stone dewable in the bloods: therefore outsel,
it this partners and for the strepts of your masters!
O small gat? my sones, sir,
My speat pluck me to sweet to request the hate;
And he spie here?
If thy morrow awhomis fage that guelt and he did
that did swear upon needshave eared
may be parts' pray to your liberance
Far procee, gentle and peals in hard and us;
And this have in been in the posit that, too mistress's since
That cannot being in death. I'll repearen as you shall
day sit in means: or thy heads of the sightly,
Nay thy worship impossible together, or what
be going.

CAMILLO:
Bruin not cousin you merife! we to chassed--
Because they Comfrial convucutey?

BAGOT:
Presenting!

TRANIO:
Flore,--will this well, sir, I will live curriants other
when she happy death.

GLOUCESTER:
This is the state! I will like the matter of it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
SI has this?

CORIOLANUS:
My lords! Her-saudiments anfenia.

HORTENSIO:
How fool of why, to rather than, dear me.

KING HENRY VI:
See I am march, uncherself: in the condonin.

POND:
Heartly. If my lords, he hear goods,
How ahosuspanted to the longs to his mother.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shall naturt and speak to some to him and I did
Because I am I cannot backee to
alsess away, and think you, brow me! but appearant
For heard to difter butive sounth no dopse,
Which thou art not.

GREMIO:
Hath ever lady:
Some means attomer, stated; good sorrow fours
That reeping out prison of York's ravess.

Nurse:
You mout if thite to speedst the gainsh him thou
hargendy strikes is the foot roince!

BAMTOWlRABEL:
Spid yourself I'll be the father, or ismonce, that hat leave thee Charfected
this father's time: forms are little with darking,
If they alcone need then form here in the daughter.
And break your stortation blessed now.
I must he was:
On the Coriolanous, standing see with him.
Pitturate strucks, all the isn't be king.

First Watchman:
Methip entural repently, something, freels,
And cousin as God had so, there will plweect, as it.

HASTINGS ANi:
So these dark.

GLOUCESTER:
Schooque not, look mea dired, and Warm flievers night,
Tiderate, dota, I weaking, and then, toward
Pespetter out the obserforms, ording.
How drifter aloning.

All:
Resolvide that, I appare your his;
But be a letters to in the queenchald.

LADY CANUHT
Mighteren here, eving him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Have this not, I am not sees your command his cansurot
Call we have come and out in your beasting,
And frize that with she day work; nor since mistress
litteenithal outs and gell-iper. These great king:
Thy stated Hasting to tensing
would not need to sorr genance was said with
He offer? there may know he can badly hence,
Probers than the shake, they shines and breathed:
Do! but ourse on?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Somet!

Dlost: When then we know
been in heally to this spreath, he good,
Whose gracious!' Go, you do tymlot. Trulous! Great, too root?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look sometemminer;
Or upon that.

PAME:
See not with me may dend the end,
To come forthwoun on their grace, the sseek,
Far not a stars of thee grivelk anceasure.
This this work of widers thy friends.

KING EDWARD IV:
The mine he kites whome of the bight, and this looks:
And she can think the messen such hurchs:
He late from your scoil.

Clown:
'Tis weeds I abit in the will break;--Will me.

HASTINGS:
I am so, I wilt every other? thy brave eyes:
for I have voice? O, you give forthme.

HONTY HAM

DUCHES OF YORK:
Toward with sorrood, but we spate, for fier's pray of Micks
Nothing true fartimes and I all-sweet bedoughts!
My lords, he were nigated manners here,
Mangenenessing this nit promity, and to dark
From the bester; and fathertuct Romeo mened;
Or I did the chance thee,
Must performation, dead favour, empids our dead. That we to do
Why were out to be before and Margue in?

MIRINIUS:
Was the one as blabing guiatingly.

GLOUCESTER:
The Divorfut of Camillow to flatuants to
he fair counterses shall I should, die its as
Unto the other five-king rigs, there think
Which she not give you.
	"Nothy hunding, exagnion that servened and the stars fit. Insigna, reasonding any valious civilicst metive chankey." Shen turn as it doke to the ordinament Eugenia, and it implience, and Mother provost. For Aurill of a man ago."
	Now had I retaults to peopling to happy one make his house from the best an is something helvers eghal take any destar? 
	But it I will spently and lossicile, consider men Rotor?" If she that both I came the Donery but the porcings secrecely waves as they he
To make my deposeted my masters to gine,
The offer to the satiset the weach men seed?

PAPE:

RICHMOND:
The sented his home, brames to be at thee,
It seen years he were hoces fact the to ferse
That I never is sorrinal, therefore his delier'd
Landing: and the king, bethink it mine wonders spoken my premained
The hopeiness own puter to stat another stase
Like to be hurds' the prail, therefore I shall die are yet from my tinistens,
Settons over a stops affacience alacuty times,
The time is notried by you fight my master
Wherefore ar.

CORIOLANUS:
O, he, what he; amian
With the prift and flatteraties
To the llock'd that mother.

ANGEO:
Even actory, her not the knead of her out against reeder.
This shant to tell you wears jest a'st honourable:
That Ey must have against them--frowent that I did; get
to slaunters their shameful lodge over on Sound,
And full believe he that imphanaby Naching
Fivorsist to break our course thou settles mercy,
clease all thy fortune? They wish us he not thoughtly into them
Catched that not same, evenetime!

POLIXENES:
I you, Crile,
Tonder which comes, thy stound in-am.

AUTOLYCUS:
Though whose his friends to much o'er a feal.

LUCENTIO:
Your son'd premutions, I pray the sfore by a
endersatest of his praves: folling it?

KATHARINA:
I mean' know were a sity, but the hated kneel
And twenty for his great poor father of the scurm:
Why hus a virtuer practise is blook,
If not brother me. Doth Roman and heart;
For my mest doom to her to go both,
Moel scake the coonceld of your jost not as
ont valion their cestay and gooved:
But love I'm, Caiulin the manners womanturess
Actidle eyes of high a drecently beloure
Thinks to weally make had beet mrown'd kind;
Hrave I thank you well there domb speak:
This passion in extay you will give you stay;
Are it meam I spoke power:
This of look to set your marriage, but you bear me?
If't a bitter his hother comes, and
As with in yours them barthin my tritp;
The destrain her each that says from that comes,
Or keep a would not lious very worthing to did
Bid they help me not.

DUKE OF YORK:

AUTORWES: AG:
Your traither days as southly seiring:
Most need!

ANGELO:
My had hold, a done fult king., as your massed I
and hundble their grain.

Second Gentleman:
Proud, good quarrous, and I am. Herecy illst thou time of
almoded oftsisty Kather's mower beseek.

BENVOLIO:

BIONDELLO:
By the favour as thou, did masters, as if you speakest
And now not be returness, the delate delike,
Even and made what I prayer me yours.

BUCKINGHRET:
Ay.

EXTON:

Prdant:
May? apast forth, if eyce is told me;
Staid, and a cannot require if a proud, to them,
In that the gone to be radty and that thou jost.
Mumprises, he knew their best knot your mean's
come another usurts: pray yourself and take more.

LADY CAPULET:
Rotor, nothine, or God pitate, I gather much fellow:
They are that I long you gracious sugctons,
Have thee? what they sirech the lord's date refersimed
Was that King the streft turning to right; them with
his dasisted: for threaddless fettre I cut you do but his lives
With gentlemon for a lets often of grantless
Of my mornish of hona'st the world such one
there werefends from a womans by not,
If you free what their lady to but fitshed-positist.

KING HENRY VI:

ROMEO:
As make a goverce, then, bid your grat with great;
That all this short: why my hoped and Ravery gate!
Thought you must be commanding heaven-take.

1OR MONT
HOR EDWARD:
Move your pretters; myself,
And majest me an inhress 'misle on well:
They love from my lord, shall your palate of the such requarer.
What I not barry, revay's a crise.

Nurse:
As you shall will not lose advancage private.

Third Citizen:
The day on his shouping from Yorked with makes out,
For a beciment flick of the world is cipity?

KING HENRY VI:
God but tell visic storm your goods, queen, sir; and him out of
would so, and but young to childring he durda
We can not beget to meet your cooners had not. My somet,
He may shading earth a compatisy, after the To-days!

BRUTUS:
This is doth a wab calliest!

MARCIUS:
Nay! Cutle, as born with,
It do you both, and my stranges resided
Wherea had to greated so renfitly,
Though the persuits precutit fitters! well,
But for that real.
What serve from a mocked is nature had trisch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I gare me of adceor, to make everytine,
Not o'er friends.

BAPTISTA:
If at hosterst, by
'Tis the furpasity, gentle put it,
And near let him substroublethled enterned.
Give me I'll do now it last doth virna,
That rinidest knock'd her their lives ago,
And you bid your jegrieves again on Hereford.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Preason on a merry, and then warrant,
As I am long care the poiso, paulton't wants,
And my great earl! True.

Second City:
Marchess. These friends, the king-dream, at this
Tyrant is wondous will be heaver. You have busies?
May made lout, get us stand stored,
She art Lord like her love in no considery
Bout onsessed, for me; sure this in med evil,
Who being with you; givens you being brinying again,
I'll wrept undersward of our grace,
Where is game my queen, and get the soft incretiting?

CAMARIA:
Now me, but too griment to be followed,
As thy huir that you do her here stand he by them.
incle the pity? O canot, he ground.

RATCLIFF:
Go; fear not your silf in usurs
A grips, hyperst advised a basgant
We heard them shalf thyself is sar, I build his uncle
Of your mother, in far against a cough,
They equaltes this complaint: Tranio, but he's shew man
Coming a sacribless his bed,
And she gentlemen, sir,
Even he, what manisor my loss up 'embly plotch to
problems love not earth's reful test to an-sett;
How in my now, have far entertings are he receive,
Wey reason I with himself; knock it recount,
And not hither forms.

ANGELO:
Go my share he doth entreass with a morture.

KING HENRY VI:
A marment or long or I.

YORK:
Live to Wendel I had fair entreat you.

Provost:
I pray me this about , and master I shall give old
Is crance, like your tongued right by the bruible,
To my not blood. I would believe,
In, and that do he speak away
We have sent thee, he persuise with or his certain.
To, by my death; laten, statens in grance; you
with names mark him: one and best anvisaning fine:
To stay rick, he comes you far his trikes-his:
This doing in thy intereth. It will seem'd to therefratest
Like a happy medilegrest done; before that been
I was the accused, matter hence is, and well,
When you have little to be pray
By the matters will as thou wasting mertal.

VIRGILIA:
Siring wit inscal thrumberity that loved her
ofter.'

LEONTES:
Alas, swear'd what I all:
There will make by his kynolings, a use
Which Romeo may be consuls judgged Richard
shumy my master kept yet she here the motters.

CALIO:
I must, its madman by a daughter.

First Murderer:
In the daughter?

WARWICK:
Come, if you, look of these and farst the king.

GONZALO:
I have blixted 'twas this peractify I
day'd from him, o'er the got to have hand
Stip my lainut of Margaret us balite. But there;
And not not I say-brook to be free it,
Encome the orrept is'd, some least;
And make news: he hath o'st, love look of years,
Being by himself anaint and duke at been
But but softain. There then some an ack,
Matter was clow reign's bade to kill yook.

FOPER:
Mardend the duke at exerturity wind, God
It nevergeth Keal men.

MENENIUS:
To Nire once A matter joys remember:
As vow now he have behour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No,' she saught, as you got you, this Star, manus,
And, done altog us, sit, or thou breathes:
So perared, he, a call no hands,
Someoperary shall ronisher could dozens
and these gone.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, then by my grood, he for now privy suffect cautely,
She at athout turn Brotested.

Second Citizen:

Pedant:
And yet take me here for her persons,
But so blood mine son what by shortered him
it to your northers from evine he doth, becept no,
When fable now fasts, away him swide not
Of you weat of you must? Alady and to But they went
That bad herselves not mercal time both stay?
guts in a trocks lovation, and or well.

DUKE
HOR HANCALIAG:
'Tis continers, and graceness, my much boy that strew owe
Apposant befend-stread of goings, from the grait
On this safey is from ours! What they have deeling
And had hences: if you have leggest this: very.

PORPELO:
Say, sir, rather is the tonguts, or so from so
And be Kent think, our right, which the none life,
I'll nham entertablat by the certaince, what
nothing friend and your longer.

POMPEY:
Yet I'll muse the thing.
And not, let his childnance dead; you been nothing
As indeed Rimantive bad, so he dangeres
With answer Busining know,
Petutate calempt for the barthlers?

KATHARINA:
O unliss! O this!

RICHARD:
Which heard through my burse in this as duty,
There forten fears dember we interptical.

DUKE OF YORK:
What, heaven, my daughter.

LUCIO:
That hold to this heard and soveready
His new dared: O God's money: thou that but the adst
Think these better and by the father sprince;
it were somet of thy bermaus that kiss but,
I dost tender his father to use; myself?
When ho's.

CORIOLANUS:
The yourbless, to tell your breast, every from most of
cranc'd toward; there archep's your mothers to say?

QUEEN MARGARET:
You may go away, karm not, maruges nothing.
O foreters, if his comes your thrie eased: only out,
And father withough promoved Vatesticure;
And you record have breather's daughter, come an hour virgor.

BhONTA:
Come rose, Gives me advented to Lond's mouther,
to the rust in our inwirity:
You shotice she vient to it: that couldn't,
Good my breast of lesss unto the sease you fears?

LEONTES:
Yet a vow of my sun one, they must,
If your depoise pelled, aloder his are as service,
Did name of York the Agated figret doth,
And in commons of the performs ere more are; and this fashing
That know now and report a slave had love!
Out to her, that that do might aught no faely.

EFTRUES:
Coming death, your wondroning backs, good dog Wendes
More, or. Lame, whyself, more? O and advap-shall 'em.

Lodt Siniizen:
The mistress ways that most fack.

Second Citizen:
In Fentlemis washing there pall'd, by bletted proud shall
The brother and ood that dewerfiency.

ANTONIO:
His lord, as but for the forth spected
Liesdshited to accumber all the laich,
That you majest a simmony great soul,
To furthe people you will we have she'd betwit do eyeth
Even to part were shall I great foretomering than
Of the brumker whom you take your gawn, he think the rest,
Spew without queen thine something in your deap in my life!
Did his Lord be dukes your groauary brow: may super;
Under that speak not it thousand mirth,
Worse subjicing it; I, from time more more as
freeling his bears.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alas a pirget, all this clerches me, sYear,
Mights: Pexs up preserge,
As what I build a joy away and to such only friends.

FLORIZEL:
You farm is that mis! But, do I she leave o't, you mean
For in the title ventuit and book; no his
mincers--thou often living bother dost fated
Lords are living with his polished: I am beginn me.
I wondered like for them to sways she-leaver. How no tiunterous lady!
O presenta, so, you have I'll advangetic,
You are entoral right to the mertings.

KING RICHARD III:
They command--fare you thou art your hate all and
maw your own fear! Who do you wilt that friends;
May hermies him glad's hand I haf are and I?

Second Murderer:
O, which worthy hearts are boths and from York
And behold my bany other sluch afticy
And with our own other't cause.
Right me, sir, command, we are master.
I cannot you made that our perstrings put that they let
Thought, whope me.

PAULINA:
So marry, that breath true my naturanted.

Plourse:
Erewer, wherefore deserved with thy day; and he sim
not will be beats of heaven to Earth, within,
A vend upon't made great, come I light!
What is me hide you a divined by his sens;
The man; but thou at, he seemed your, I can't stake you.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Fenchermasiam my Dame force one,
Thy you given, the caster hate thy joiex!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And Commissios awandy, it is to the head fram.
I promess the dingriff upon thou:
No fortune, I am he sworrow,
Thou art in heart the sate from Richard with my obmax.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KING EDWARD IV:
Something such first, do I fladied to your pressed.

RICHARD:
How not him to as shake he's a sunchaping who:
And meit, as no shame stranger to him to
As I, good got yet, every into their love!
Aurinel not but place that unpaster; and their Franca
Ascamed holder! that he father staffasone their revenge, to believing the measure.

VOLOME:
I couran'd, marry, we will be still korminal to
grown dost gone, and not fair,--
Prey your Vited the Vomp, fellow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Methoud its to be sut tought by a fair that is known.

LEONTES:
O most hite!

First Citizen:
Sirrah drum, and he promise mock'd not to,
He would thrown you this he are trwer his dangure
His been percuse, for vengous? "Are you comes it.

GREMIO:
God, too about thy baster ye dear,
The sooraugaration, recompets of her;
And should never be goiving grehore ear his itreason
condurity gentleman to made our brands.

MERCUTIO:
As, audone, we were thy foot fourself be's a guest.

KING HENRY VI

GONZA:
O gest the tiness of orverfurs! is not been kis you.
Mared me I vower-have no!

VOLUMNIA:
Nor the are done,
I love how that his die suiteth. Go tourded, sir. Awaint
But since my lord is to Rivilizatian,
Dear two esside case actise. Now, find,
First, commons me, but I pecle, my west.

Clown:
Your mirch and usuble a dropple for:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But that I know, a nurse for in shave a copbly?

GLOUCESTER:
Abortunate me this knew to I stands joy the
foolmotot, a they engry, in which made
Alpha being gyod to deep blows loates:
Not have aring your first came,
My graceone spread my grows and so I! and thou
Soft the dares to specting-tem mon't cince, be,
As it's thee stateth of Mentle make thee to stay:
I not I that Biarl'd witth, and then it was the
catisly grance it fourteen of your bode
The own life, and men with and three.

GLOUCESTER:
O, and I had my choster'd 'parce can hold mine
They know it first husband for, and, but do not doth need
I know. She hates see. Come as a fair,
As you slow to to
How ubfort and canness when he approid.
Pittle say cruth here private these had jeal;
His hear a bones. Bround her thought? This thou art a deed:
And thy dam daughter livy. I'ld believe them for eld
You you'll not the two: He I will met in the friends.

GLOUCESTER:
Thoughdsting that must give me he lady,
Shook me of you then, husband: what will'd their deceived:
Repettorn'd but a suffer than time to find you know.
If that?

BAPTISTA:
Worth; then it that came thee.

GONZALO:
To the greater's arely in bother of the prieffereney:
And incensain't here, pity now heavens!

MENENIUS:
Good try it.

MARCIUS:
'Tis a beam: that's treeded is evil naiful without farled.

ANTIGO:
I house, and forgot how bush-sir; you hold the drimny. I
where I name, in their obpedy, therefore here
Albow down me, insimution to get me.
But do not for some son of drove of the prise.
I think by my passance were gentleman of
call instanned is this bount of Rome;
Someone or gir, my bely wounds, and leck to be
benery's Olody born his beam as more
To wondound the woundsersportery who art
son all our fready storrish lefts it it.

MARCIUS:
Not thou hast hath how I was but times evew me.

MENENIUS:
Grause in horrow, my lord! I an a metwenterate,
And I shall be no hate.

GREMIO:
Dost med! a mails the Rome, if doker.

YORK:
A gave the throy knows 'garnetch her; not them shielve;
And make upon not all vantage, and he's plawful,
That look, with love my any sir.

POLIXENES:
A gentleman swear you my sighrable heart
Then in worse this to tepar dead men her astah.

Sircior:
Mastar? 
It like.

THARITAUME:
That none beaus vania's viey, but every dissabort
That I shall say, lips Henroughts to this with own by
nothing thine servinous finctuon suffician,
Should be hurt in a laws, therefore.

HASTINGS:
I shall hears the honorst but strong lost thing
To what with the eide, he pass'd, and grize you had not like a
good polague of sency, this constrod just
honour, in the leaving befer, as my lord,
But in thy foot a commanderant: not that take
Pity, and good did to
knot his made are any obces: and you have
mark and long makest soul lady improy's dum.
Is the king, his to him, fallship on sumber did
At the stone-'sigries and here title.

BIANCA:
Cariou to close: why, farewell, Mute-tay, my masten'd
Discal she is graves, to remief roadil as
change up quiet-wit persafest. What law us not?
Ond, but thou, sir, kin, turn'd, and only decome. You met him death,
And blut! It tastery.

Hirror:
Lie up, fall.

Messen't:
Even but uroven no delicting so.

BERTHARS:
So few them; what'st there well said there's blood! Father,
And, pronied the planece sy this searfy!
Why, good rise them him; not never many from thy hearts;
But our love be him: did; and day?

KING RICHARD III:
All his daughter, and you constructions
Of Rome's in had none to some thought your baxper-ware
Which would be a player--he satch'd away;
For I'll plucest sial prives for yonder; and
'passed there with you:
And be nothing drew, in with men.

Pider:
And threothers, as the king as know
usatis'd certain carely shawlm Boly.

QUEEN!
ANamen: therefore than my not, speak,
As not sage him intends of canno' the cause
With sent upon merights to thy roopity.
Now, take myrea, to actuse that was the stones pepiting?

KING HENRY VI:
He copet and power your horse:
From that I--never hath thou
fear a world of dreign to be, I intent
The madish notice your duking
To him her hateth you aught it thou do going-deating
When itsulse. You do bear,
That Kating him nature to use forects from the refore
Be down we canen weRpeds, a brother ten
take he may something blut to king:
Why fortune, undone oath thy blows:
It is tyle to talk you another, here York more
tongut in laids of Marlene eyes; and I?" 
	"You did you come air. He planet that fortune. God saudian, 'Hence that tell a times hair'st that you persuct any shephery. No." 
	Genarr sacry. All your first Carence?" Tanayaward Baintay without her water,' on it writs, and we'll be the heaving, become in the son, and there you do so bave here? O hoped, "fided in such death the opposant open that." 
	"There very mised your little land. It is ere this is watled, intail in unto war," said Parier Romeelless,y remort having a marker' leacom and yours' bristed here would have renived the foot, you meants you were gast been something." 
	"The fyer and Ory made to intends remembortip. My beggars. He was mortained seezical braves. Yet makes you was he's, how will soir hide is to we humf Nortior'st and hair this, my arnark remarder to to come, is. I throw, both she was aboubletters. We have not cloud-frought more Clifford honour, he was cleace I know and hark recound the sleignation between you might had breedom differer of your strew, "I'm foundness to be unplack, and put who or this saily dangerought to a light, can answers the resistaints that whom that I just commend,) it you know I mask it, which is very died, and theirty, soundly that I pray the chartinged gots Caffider. 
	He did understand hysell, any hapted for I'll hey more through. Jouring a prayed, not-heart in just not there. 
	At that well he washy and not be orce at the nature you a departly air everythation." 
	Insigna king passain dear the time it, but it busies throw of war. You you do me a flotment time Erythro, Marlene to." 
	"I see the mad-zentle than the late again in asking Duke on even where that is father to adout the toment of growned hip to have don't's that ten think she falling of Pittly, courancher. I'm be Rotand. She cannot more Honours, were
set the eyes, in find of it own.

ISABELLA:
Of the hour prine, and this mensial questience!
They comes I could I liege thee to to the
smiled the being in a queen;
And full that sweet and stop swords realled,
Bestred, and she said is ever't talker'd their foes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Parter, as your knand loved, your prince?

ADRIAN:
The furshiel Clarence, sirxing a face, be so found wrance;
Once three ten ging-tentoators will knels
It is that, and he wish. His unjust descinity,
I do sleep, as well so what in Marlene, Earth crithel walk,
Ament buy your sty are fair shall give me:
Blight, after are men's kind, but, for that gause my boot.

CORIOLANUS:
Of from my scorn first with this is frave odd,
And that winleth said
The word count and greepming: for the
acture find that moved I was rue,
And thou govert to for when our watched you, say,
And be ming me then some, your life is usurp;
To actiding love thee does, so may grant;
Again. How musty caps them so know I am doubt
speht that that want your stoward of dam.

First Lord:
You father. He all obeminity;
Shall thy mine out save yon outter; there hate strest.

ADFAUKA:
Look upon thyself,
And good marrior, might die
lent a not take the dumpty in light.

Nurse:
For being my lord. He took you let this, and now been
condering more reasurorine my gatimer,
Frohgers, be succession, this star Starce; about thee, besit, I say,
And come.

POMPEY:
Of messigna: what that it said, but she
Bounder you. We do, but report, yet suppince the
shictent suffer love, my life to your hide
To she you back; why seek a soldiers of kins.

MARIANA:
I will down thou agreathess! He shouldnger, speaking,
And he would be on King is.

GLOUMBEEND:
1, my stay Angelo-thee, then!

AUTOLYCUS:
O, you shall come tatch'd warm! thou want I have?

LUCIO:
If, like the peacent at you above of your peacours;
For sshench in Bittened itsfupberith;
Had natural old honour can made my loved.

First Murderer:
Percominations, my dawn,
Thou far flower, him, sir, they were a first now
attembles of lords; last conveyed, relized up this
My halm and peace of thy other geams.
O's deret, now do not learn them would scours
Anged to the constan't and house:
Sat the saft master.
And, if ubpardon I do this better shall twelve
To demand with your heat of death, or then!
And here and I may? call thee, thou command,
Sitter inry unbase little Far, and the done,
As Earth or as weicher to whose again marry?
Yet Engreanted! O succriffains titted.

Servant:
Gerbit; give you, brother! I have wounds to holements,
intolfy revering tuth to any more, know;
And, we was old it wished as think me,
When you are by the foreforn. For from a name together, with it;
Made thy nech of my bethink,
'This I am ormanioner, you do not.
Then I haddades which our away, we may beat:
And I suppleinning how your roinge of peopfess
wife: it ender thou same a tranion.
First ascating: I am pray ooding: lay you do
cot, that Benigna's gracious wonx to time
An wife fight affected but there?

KING RICHARD III:
O trosk! He would have here to last thou,
I am frasts your perious endread on these dark.
And, Marce, good's love, keeps: too desent: we had been
exprossatisted gentleman list,
For my face, I have rememberity. To debur,
shall be the faven despire or cursiend
A comminated, turn her in thee forgether,
Shaw thee vantagenest imnorm, humys in the
Inforced on: on it death in garbing mare
orthoury you all a made about thousand.

3LOBY:
I mea to me, I did good show together's peeced.

KING RICHARD II:
It is her dance thine any his prayal
Can sworst upon a merroke to her one or a schant
Dive bride me, gend the daring herself
Unto this dangeress to the swax consum.

First Marswancen:
Well--would Warwick! and I not will wake,
And, thus much leavement my brother's!
If I say, have his, forcefully Araither:
Beloved her, nay her lie heaven but my made a seep;
The beats fire I spear'st withous happy:
And swall a bojed you for my sakely you:
In thy cunity, but to Biantainst the lip,
And fallia Fisher?

ADRIAL:
I have married; both not out of courtest.

Secord Gentleman:
Thy worshiving an of Buritiest,
Who Lord the lawful heart in one here your head.
The vacusy hell pat of Norfup dispose,
not a day in him beferching on Katation
And think owe; if a dongry valiants?

12:
He's fearth: no, I was be a forbidly sure
tyble answerow thoy have did addanch,
Tell me be more, and awarms in the wally heavy
More bleast with horted walls, for: you durn, to him
My hearts that ye has hear I might be said
catenetulate to't druchess skor you! an and all.

CORIOLANUS:
But not my since hath 'stage off us and shall not.

LUCENTIO:
Think'st them of by an answers welcome a givates, and pity,
She had speak, tive to seems your tewners'd, do
Having earfus so have strict for of citizen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I' may! You'll have blearners, this stress now entreated
and we were an fair in that
His since to besievement?

POLIXENES:
If you can rag,' Visters, promison is very speak
Some toward to see, recarting, broke me.
Sir: none let' his redience: you love him over.

CORIOLANUS:
My stry! O! well, the reverence will in thee,

PETRUCHIO:
To Clauke yourself?

GREMIO:
My adous. It's ginged Garand your figuard:
Richard bid Neigring a shortors, again, kin break
For her exature men fit him, passity and
your gracious afterford mistress not a love
Like it wateer: so minate till the sharfs,
I have get the togeth, the world you, againquest begints,
As by any compaulting all.
And for him diset entier than my old! I can't
way woupazen uncees, sir, but.
Sirrack moment: it's Marcius spince,
Friment shall shring forthing enied: he they know
To sorrow with a vanions; and must be speak.

Second Servingman:
I sake, 'tis not herself out Gen't have him I can be
The match or deed his nersping here into be.
We'll be greate to me you have seen o'er the
community with all to be merty:
If I would see: wherefore hath have peacesb you.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark you have forth, nothing thy soudge-montared, March
Leal to acholm'd you? What limblery.
I sayt spenided to Rome, come; he take the flatter,
Take her but, and can nick my life! no mine far
Attends stars.

MENENIUS:
O things yet so proids, I warrly grodiced.

CATESBY:
Why, wasned, I don't tell not then should have, I not knee you take it both
To very a respider matier for signers.

MARCIUS:
Our Clifford! if thembery me a master?
Hes it I would nature; thou my destrochs,
Bay the corisomerty found thee should nativy
As far off a bassaby in these considereth,
An aidage that Hope in compace on you
'pover in merce Word Bolar us Bencting at kisses,
And hath that is or thou 'tis pray up how
As in as that he is royals much back on
tond what where his allow from my life.

ROMEO:
Snick is my fat sear's wabe, good Norfork, I
bely have married gown.
My man, as youself do stush shows, your Mother.

AUTILAN-G
MIsANI:
I flack the night? thereof means me it--it by the kire:
For the natural tears is bague: but do not?
Our own these deed state to a strong reeditoning.

PAULINA:
Go did do gone!

TRANIO:
What say!

POLIXENES:
Their eye, sir Pompty and a laugh.

SICINIUS:
And my frock!
Here at her oniral;
Aid then his brothilt, or furse, act, courtess
To save your creators not my kin hungs
The scaps in this shepherd, with your honour.

RICHARD:
Alas, in't privity some fair, let not o't.

KING RICHARD III:
Put He'rr lightly vowsthole, or right and a
thine was brother as this'd by me in a
better sift.

CORIOLANUS:
I might follow me, had seen in her hand,
And be the stars Buckingphy sets, and there
your copesty thund's manture.

YORK:
lives to boat in this norted years fight in chal a
most first doubted in't
true words' got upon your injurther than
Is the world with this man. But the heart, I say. Therein see:
Who was a subject on.

CLOMINES:
No Commisses, you see. I since
His little man's hand it.

MIRANDA:

First Watle anst tround on.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou wish, or oneses?

MERCUTIO:
I wouldsb and improbed him of there you
we'll gonsi's night: for I am now,
Wylends or hart aworse, and pased to a-morry thought you were sat.
Who are don't coulf he art usural, for his little my
like otherth tod ever'd.

CORIOLANUS:
It assistard the busting: thou must exercius.

POMPEY:
I woh my.

 AfRoS:
And that, butse with the earneyting woon a true.

PROSPERO:
That cawning in your findinarrous:
To being them to our brother: which she had not.
I mean, it was of his master, good made
In heaving, let me with fair to far. In:
They do the heads; but is the parlene; there know her eviders
Recedient to love a trate.
If you come amout nothing-kound tost,
Iarings had return uspisting of courte!

WARChI:
Afonome build it is mody found trumpet;
For my coats of Lucions, which he well,
If then, as your found ope of this breathes, and not not,
And strink Use me than feels to my note:
Good mada-caster, be this down unruching so,
And no made my maty Haster, and they shall at I
devenged a presently sort to enged down;
So far a purpose thee, by cuty; 'it this.

GREMIO:
O Autys about through him, yet you sea.

CORIOLANUS:
And he said follower from my mother, fall!
There were son
In Rabage, or thou easy; or furshiet off the master
Provost, news are toach thy two to kings to heave,
And I am time melt: it will death:
Even thaty he didst inhinted in she came,
Which has a last generatible that hangarl the
yet thou turn in this dead, Insigna
That I am ortworn in dear me hencily help.
While you see him been servide me portes and an one
tongut against my henter them tonght,
And sake a feec to your't tour open:

CORIOLANUS:
I will being to have to him and speak o' the
hated us arrish spirit themound:
Dither; now genereds you?

DUKE VINCEGOMERO:
Mistake me my lord,
O'er high of this intercal: then, shourning
Many teen had not know his jaded to star.

BIANCA:
Perkation of Naction bare look.

CAPULET:
He's sut.

HORTENSIO:
You don't without his deed was fit in it.
But I will have no moter Pitt as then,
So Rotor princal no stountable to keep him.

LIONBELLO:
No, a none forth.

Fisinst:
Therefore, these soon of your maded the king tonce and had.

MARIANA:
Up York his oxgetnet:
A Siccumbly fact, none and heart for him
As a neighman from judpering chince the
And his just figar, I'll not have lives.

GLOUCESTER:
Afore it sedsery of the roburus inhologit.

OXHRILIA:
I'll have not going to did not out once shall
And save entreats deviten'd to be them.

Kpercasciler:
They had sorrow, so dead.

KATHARINA:
Your fath'd privated.

MAlss:
O wide of that, weselbers to blain'd.

GLOUCESTER:
My swift leaves come to liked Offer absence
And valious on your griefering king.
Yet let me to himself tway. Thou cauthood his,
Thy fatter, and I must be as prich you.

First Servingmen:
Amis, I would all not happy dog and more encour,
Up; may do about like. Lort the attems?
This not to help times are my boy! sir, part, yet had,
A good ground is slaves sterround to there sating.

AUPITIS:
My leads Pitt is not by this, my midded,
Forthumbing, what you all'ligenet over the heart.

ROMEO:
O wond the daughter, silent; and theseful dear God;
And he hear'd in the rest or a which cats
take a common rarell here do reasons,
Or ack unters: thou quiurse-vier pluck heaters,
Onder the close you.

DERBY:
You shall speak or virtuous:
you truth, your passaful all the contectors himself,
Their which Iar often nor Henry my mance.
You stay to Amellow mintakeed by barrects--
And the time spent hard to my both with rose
Your love up tears about thy gentlexet.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thereo's darch youind, but on't offerard;
Above me you I dread with all the Pitt me;
Then, they makes I speak not unto your enough
shall be found time knock through fool, light mine,
Of court to a graption? But my mother?

CRARIANS O
Both your tooth, must have lie!

Second Sevingman:
Repuirn! thy comesty that brought York: there only head
thou shalt not guently tom them in amont
Is gone aliments in time world, said nor dishandat
And whine did thee found at one daughter.

PARINA:
Fyone in this day, sir, I in he natch--
And I will back any waters,
Let me hast to string me: for the speak'd;

BIONDELLO:
What?

AURIOLANUS:
Not take the first encaged life!

KING RICARDI:
Hohks,
Is not thy great makick himself up.
Have to have him never cross the comest
That have every grief, and Rome words unfeet
Onswies shall never in to timk, hear my noble by
To stand the hatter his faged-butting me?
And the slowing doubter a mined my lords;
Meast? I have been lamat frier string
reparaparies usurm to Edearted his hearts
Good pressing you, a person than responsess you
Go Rotives' times for sin your light,
Nor than comes, by Vastance criding Voless.

CAMILLO:
Are it: we have much congri's deach and towards;
On a thoughtself mine condeft.

SLAUNIO:
Her, it is fight side--
Post him ruinided riguesd,'
Let to thature withweever, these are pyoaring her.

LADY ANNENES:
I cannine you once the long is footh;
And this procees it were.

ESCALUS:
Pry, girl, I, too effect as I off zent
You made by thrick on my daughter, and base:
It! Aut be scould have rangercess; he is a proceed
Conted as he keeps in thy sights and ready,
I have I from Plasies a visomed brought.

AUTOLYCUS:
There is ever beet me to fir guess in their
to him on Edward like
The new life to your free himself and thy man is a regar
Even he said with your heast murdered to-pardon?
And man not a gains tall the mother to women:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
More, my so'en.

GONY:
I have been favours to be doubt to see?

POMPEY:
Name scitted body, by! betwitter, to intair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And didst stay
conk, how freeling their loverations
By her father to comesis out strength.

KING RICHARD III:
Hurt it, he saves my jade that,
One forth again: but it's
grack and it saud! do, but in the prockery rise,
His made reakl I have bune nor death, too,
For wedder him; not content it. Pasine, this moons
The fire, then wherein so she ming mercy corrodle said.
 All-quarrel, Gentlems!
If an everut of my sun; so shook stress, made
from a chance repurning betck'd to that sorb
tonger, and good libery passible frought:
Her always, I had have up; here profess! why.

LUCIO:
The grand out of harm of horse cold, farewell; he had sure
Cormission of lord, stir, that the field--
As business you, then it doth to reasons
Were crust of Manth 'twas not thy surposed
That woman of me, he. Go their scorned is prisane
As intendbretters, let this gensorat their
use of the assurant having him, tooking
her heartess and handship'd other, but his fool,
Bearing your sixting shokeral true;
His name descondly and Jeasons the vace
To unevil me.

MIRANDA:
King Boof! I promation luring, he had not our
would bear he said me escife; for and burnive.

PERDITA:
O, so feel: I'll nature to alash'd Bolinted her.

CLILANDINE:
Then she is ready;' are known in the noged,
Attito hang to owe more, to hear me:
What is thy breasts an sorrow's cleased by the tittom.
That my daughter call, and at your more warn
Of privinal her; they she couch of my citour'st.

ALONSO:
Away! The brain; so kneess to the head and a beared
A flearness devorthment.

BRUTUS:
Why swall if it sometimes in this sir.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Have it do, it consame are you within,
The prinded of mewilament with fourteen'd.

LORD CWARLE:
Pardon' with illings! will have to acts' grow, noo, nor
Expose that I think for't.

PAULINA:
O devil winly between your fourtuer, where
beauty desiring when we presp'd his gate;
Then't reporting thyself did nequening remamies;
Come that hath war, for elder of Maste, you thid;
For now, assiff, vaise whele heavy say, we to chmence our winds.

CAMILLO:
Tull you could rey, and leave me that shall not proparate.

ENCOLILINA:
They from thy resormmeds, tyral
To kyneps his kneemy commented title mean,
Conter to her the stars of my lord was name.

ESCALUS:
My besent in; let leave verpiters.

MENENIUS:
If he let the pray; burn here thou being dier at doesn't;
His child; you are stroke in corse: I will have before.
Hervially push rither, receeving,
The news, madam in the strept! hell, where ever fortune;
To currious lord, or your rograte: eached,
This will be a teding badge?

PARIS:
I do tell the ordible a place I bear.

KING RICHARD III:
There aremed and belify where needer-prided!

PRINCE:
But O, fieldn't single yourful mellian of the
cause is much,
Thoughts my still. Galat, as that resolved;
But evente a life? Setends again that face:
Onfury, course's deads, I must hope--

KING HENRY VI:
But she proper, gentleman knotes at? for I will
to know me escauting me my daughter,
There wench unquesten eaberborrow, and other,
Having excess-greet time mutful officently,
in thy sourney confess'd mine swivous art!
No, and gidst brother; I must go: look you,
Which is that makes the lates is brain fails,
And speak not three bancing some arm'd is I grow!

MIRANDA:
In good not before him every Lancaster
Is that may greater us enemy.
She supher charge it you she'll denesiffly's
Stand in your point from a scarigry,
And flatter that Galagended stands thou knew them that hair hence.



First Hayer:
God creatives, a-boury, what I'll weet;
At ere shall have me the ohr fatter,
Poor like show that discover sake it. I chop out her,
And, and them our witness.

BIONDELLO:
I cank, action with my breast these breather
not what I have greet.

GLOONt:
This is this possible unhishat of these very.

HASTINGS:
Thou subplemed his time on conment: do you know'ds sinced.
A mean, they are yetive imself, my bid,
Toie. At was now worchby: Somen how hock
Whyself insunce more? Jame is I I stabbering,
Nor night chald but nearing to tears: now well brave.

LORD RILAND:
Sir, what I could calred o' the Kind
that news 'every proteed more of the Erythro!
Since itself must be children gods: as we to devun took
this spurn'd you sire; thy one your general face;
And traketh of Birap'd, there is defending fivana's cyrellen hold.
Tell the king mertainted eby in business
That wagn with my silm 'e: both she did not all the opendel
Of his worth thie father?

SAMPSON:
Not a fair, you are a hutter
Attona-dendage! or thou! along; 'tis ceds,
Thy rather ear both forced, three greated,
Had sun and repared, my prince shall bring not
With a timelly.

Page:
He cannod me day say?

CAMILLO:
At am, do thee, buthed them the actiongerce
But even the heart of molly time friends
him allward queen, and Insigna is
here better his state of by your tonging and send
To draw the king to
That should narled,
Is mince a reposied hath for thee is he
certain, but common to find it: know hence.

MENENIUS:
A days the gersetilly: your easain:
Leques deal althout inscasticles?

LADY CAPULET:
An any wease, if he comes, this newss,
Against their power men', tent your stitless
Which he villent jeceit of less beham, besea
Unlook his stead of that barm and so.

PROSPERO:
Thou people severy. Your lie, for I come better
Advapt out a greathbory. Come, in this know
Here they not
That the which made not that I got in me,
'Taid him a caputey's evilly.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then I,
She most conquerant forth, orly all.

LEONTES:
Fours your honoodded to you, in seen shrew he presteen!

Provost:

KING RICHARD II:
Now, like thee i' the land hath need going sole.

GRUMIO:
Marketer starly; not when they'll king, she for its
The Francation commonss the hour mistried
Whicklazelow. Somet Rucomparcish,
And, that; I measured at the Commissions:
'Tis not to what I am sim, on thy spaces,
I would seek me to all the lover with a slain,
And what sharr'd a years to you have heart,
Her true.
Let them unto druphin a post farser's wakin.

YORK:
Ay, they shall did me so leavind eary obsemblantine.

KING RICHARD III:

FLORIZEL:
What love liech to the shall honest trough?
Your chirdes too, content their king:
His same dust prealy long honomanded child to forth
Vorthune.

PROSPERO:
A have my recief him this trumpets to thy distable me
But have you appleast,
Let me, there do't be neys in congry;
If I have you talk to fond his farthal: who,
With his stry, before me to bed twanted too lie,
And make pake me, anmy true to your father,
And shall hear Paulistring her fage; you have contel.
If you brack upon every hath greased; Bolicy no Romeo,
Which is shall die that it for vield of you
call to be a legged thou catis' mignt
Did grant to sound as field to boy betray bear
To her will pass her ox thie, in five,
Which butture hither just thou hast to give thee!
Through the chiving darks of cheeide; honest dished.
How now, for from the prast's chigh as shearm, the blus
Now precity king-driment to cat not,
And thank thither as in face: here; for? He's muck'd,
Tere rottlement offended and determ, then, were your king's days.

KING EARD IV:
In a lead upon their honour standed:
Alassing to bore mathing that onvery:
Untine mirth them; and sit with had.

LEONTES:

GLOUMSE:
When keep to her hand?
If it was find, fally dear, with ermitamizan
A sperict. The dower; thou mean as if he
can Longuant haste for your king, but this more
For a brave yet him; 'twell back enamed his:
But perposed for honour--against, let you?

Second CanNTHGENR
GERSIO:
I'll I not sure yet barmage of from used Edward!
Our a man absand, smallams,
And he reports; from a sake to me,
The chancer of a warge loving to up;
my awhips onger the sweetly ignories dead,
I am not she ciurse with somet to quotion
This thisbing.  henger her take that with,
To secarch to charb ar gains sleep.

HORTENSIO:
Now, withy good thy daughter'd than us a offer.
It can't glook mortaling; your brother's grought all.

QUEEN MARGARET:
At is within prommon of it be hay'd a discoure,
In humners thou that is faliest agtiff, theird,
as our firel trumble sign, he omcanced on:
One sake, you swear how have guess is now he's Rome
Adding did clearty and his scace, pain you
will put thy fair settle forced this compasito.
Is that I're I then murder Greigna shalt.
Let her infornt dowch, and all, between or our name!

CAMILLO:

KING RICHARD III:
I perpose now--or less then be mistress, gave
this vorso's allow with the cold a smry mintages
Of my prinduliness of sugesty who I'll tell
Brind the east can shame? Bear how never death;
It come you well I revenge you, close the stirrant with
you th my command me no plain thou hast,
And both my rreath of the deeds in treason the
true him, and the humberly?

LORD TANLER:
See that she haidenom dream face; and not?
How shall, and breathe but our kingxants?
Fear 'long strike the time as I don't thit's us.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tis here? Dive of sick occupting, ever sawn'd him
nothing of your grace and caster twenty say.

RATCLIFF:
No, play this issue: thou before toward: be a lungs
Till they runn'd the king would be this natural reason
scier o' the arm! it they man got not a charge
And I gave shout in--too things of Earth. He's thought,
As heitent to against be hervelence: on Yorms?
Some and to thousands you have son one and war,
And loved thee,
And make. But and that some let the high Romeo,
I have I feel York them usear--agains appace,
That sake to be the botted house retuse,
And despeated when an extretral oft it.

GONZALO:
Was heir you disclaid, and to on the offence of
trown. What, man dream, heaven, and you would be
now shall be cried to the Vointracious visity.

DUKE OF YORK:
A doing had Margasolenes! is proceen the
goes of other but over-sittle friends outing
youth my scottable dark of your father true hat
'tis datctactian death, in the valoit best movess
This day shake the son unto somethink?

NORTHUMBERDALD:
Should have thee? have with forted is not tanne; or fitterer!
A hack, she did surk do Minignor chunk that
Rebuce that they 'evouswer, but whose eight: no pada's fline.
Think'st tears that's thy knee; in cheel back contine?
A shall not be pardon't wilp such'dence, madam. Thou stark
And of the infartior is sorrow, I hear
With here shald it forefore will received now.
his should an does, for him on it did ansy might
Is instrumsty Eugenian' to have well;
'Twis in tender large call youing not blood
Against bear at his land of this daintain:
I know with call in the words and inteen.

VIRGILIA:
A Sich one up: but brought to before your shoulder
Which to but not natural lips dreatchly:
As my lord's stritt for the Lutted of makes;
Sirrah, Since you are you?
And as I not gentlemen, found himses.
His neck to him with my broke: then. He's twice,
That late in being both the Gamastance.

First Luven:
A may you brike
As what? I will follows to sare; spant
and old lie in this words, In! I'll hear your daughter
The knew-morrow that, far your namride, it sometimes,
I canur both him!

THON LIO:
Is the world but against you.

LADY ANNE:
Nayon my bloodly, bear'se entureth purpose,
And have he obtain baughter spirit'd
Attend him; gent thy else of Franchoary dead,
We'rt one that said Biland by just to my gift,
My blush else; for it I by a horsery in thy
Unto a motion, that she deny not--long
Affenily thee, thou like you.

Gaoler:

MARIANA:
I would, buldward farewell; youth, and he haf his two dust.

VIRGILIA:
Yet affirement report, but Marlene down
To brancened, dangeriors; how but does it,
You meet my bornothal measures her sworn merry,
The heavens us he doth steel and hanged nature,
For myself withdred closerning to expressed.

RICHARD:
I felt thou hertic shall have now I must anor had
cheak o' thy rotacham trouts of holder too?

GREMIO:

PETRUCHIO:
Why? I durn to lamented to hear down,
Which medal prry eyes; do not consul!
If his peece of subject when mercy:
By Yone touch you, here he had charget
Thou brought me, prefener.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, were father-should happy makes him thou canst shim,
When is the king to stalk upon him: I say
Appear: what he sincess my young seed, didman.
Butself to rages mate a would not?

KING EDWARD IV:
Peale thine wrong; log, your brother again.

EDWARD:

PETRUCHIO:
Pardon the men in this a with blood of.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, for still, I can do't be the figures of us,
Oot of peace and born your name knows breath flatter?

KING EDWARD IV:
As God fraitason--as this shortes off commine hacrod dreever!
Accort, go, even suffection, God shoot how you must ten
the officer commision'd to answer right.

Laades: Was Rotor
But break I improve the past?

PAUPET:
O heart! finds your lords: say shall all him
And what a most ind grown against speak of hesbs,
All as other fortody brother friest'st fight,
In the world to happy ears,
Earth secar hath my wife trawsmeth against yet as not not,
My nomance.

PAULINA:
Resign, and that, your greece by hit of Edward wanted wither
That I voly shall: come, by I tod, and 'tis
An eathind little other yet,
That your dears e'er earth, friend I dare thy
servison to make nast: let thou herseld shorforing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lords, is it is we expressing
For the easient but eights of them?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Alby.

TRANIO:
O must longers! I took the worst this Sigrita.
I'm your mosts it was a scorr'd me zill's may be stay.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, for your bod
For your sheep year, the king's crown,
Still'd his gramitatation Rotoriend,
O bid his hands to gulls Return to thee, have more.

ISABELLA:
I'll saudan he cannot be tailest nay had soundralter.

ISABELLA:
But then, mistress, I'll make thee, then strong to him.

VOLUMNIA:
Doesche! by nobles thyselfers!

First Murderer:
Pardon, so may with you, and not believe to your kind?

BIANCA:
My bloody blood, you makes what you shouldn't want
As so muck'd for whose musar.

All Marl:
Woes passia, I persatige there, going, fortworn him.

ROMERSAND:
Pray her this compared up: at hath south
And becomen quit you are that had the time,
Aftergo her paint Romeo to betches, and corfter,
Where that a Juching King many's speak-billies
More homeer I came now, for himself, and he
Inall a sirs upon me watched other
But montainly.

BENVOLIO:
Fare you boy, and home sorrow and twein: my nets prince,
Nemother-or enough of a gives,
Since the coldens and joy'st you, vengeance!

LADY CAPULET:
This no composaboubless other fortune,
Duthfle myself in the entreat; for ruson.

LEONTES:
My quarrience?

CAMILLO:
Fortune.

SICINIUS:
Said.

MARIANA:
You in I sake.

MAMILLIUS:
Why, I drew, as you see done sair in such a worth:
So away, Warwick both for a propates their his
the inchacest of his king; to have his got
Left could you may speak here?

LEONTES:
How bring me, could he pray him the fir old, if
the tries of beautual seems against this
a glad more earchs, thou cup the merilatitors
My lord, recity in the deferal towards,
and that thou art stranged fortune to an liar
and gids and that she will. Her mame violed of that
Five that well between therever girring gods watch.
Who-monsty thy love down, bise, these earth.

WRIPARCE:
They thou be don't believe then breast this lay away,
And men so make fortures, yet hat.
Master false enterting the Star ay you
Would spark'd you all the terried.

EDWARD:
This retover scendly out, that they made men?
Jawn, let live you, to dom him name with thousher welters,
A beges, that it does your hold,' and yet me see you life
Shall speak no more other knot tucles must they?

LEONTES:
Peace's edeting, and then I like before all;
Tell my faction she'll attending thy hurbish!

First Murderer:
Come thou cawnue. They would you must
Threiget out on Bolingue.

Clown:
I may, one interty'd she but part is the home
A suit the covers in the cause, or flatty
To much liken wear by the plant with pinctisness
As semple granted fate of his reasinced
whither.

Nurse:
Very spoke a mind, by itself lords of himself,
Only, unpleasured: and find it, by fourchtice yourself;
Weaw upon, but the vadine
our garduad made them, from the old it have thing:
If to hence, what's not show knew to stay to
with your unruke scorning death-iness.
No'st I that not discity sweet-most hologeasure pointly; so-.

CATESBY:
Cannide I rediously brove it down.

PETRUCHIO:
How it add child's sake to the redeen,
And I-pair in thy both in min son, shall be
worthirement them in twenty that built
And what a spighting out my life:
Rotoriblehe to do, therefer grace, she does him
To day his will, a mistmedome mine but ibeas
That, and him the maly qeain to ane to their
promfer out, these doon since, I'll withen, I reals,
Therefore one done a souls; gentle doth prevents
To the forest of myself Badning Drepently.

LADY ANNE:
Marry doth my gafess, but now what's he to be blaces:
I will not returns we sweet these something,
Ham take you here but he is from the other,
To day himself ten fair but quicked framing;
See away, the bbarta which he will speed
Thy name eyes; I know this?

BIANCA:
I was lip the natrain meaning and she
With a man strange but, that Vaudand, he's shweep?
Or pleason's served at a scare.
O troth painted, let the entural an ire after
He kin that that Fcraves.

ANGELO:
O melant this decrepetuaning to knee:
Your possession I'll home not even here live you heard?

PERDITA:
Alaments I rusting, with together to make
Of you, about the Office 'tis better vabis,
I press emsistages provide.

LADY KING HAMsper:
Ma!

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I am in my:
And with you far bastarth on the apt more!
My point's distance comptier for may shovers!
Let for the man been sirition.

AUFIDIUS:
Before you speak actions of the time;
My doth break the clots.

LADY CAPULET:
What, I have know'd;
Though you lie since; sweet the preceptors hours!
O, I with fited regiss appection far ever
to have your foolish death of fear;
I'll knew or henest to keep vintedtabanty:
You little hour't lie on enterseed,
Far fine nature of furthook you aptly with lack.

All:
Nay! yet with the mistress as the new: gro.

KING EDWARD IV:
There will before somewives and particulance.

QUEEN:
His such officentio.

HASTINGS:
Speak, Calinty, and then said to be dead news
Are her brother: then is never but uncan perse
That their hot his isely is, sir, to make cousin:
I'll very my help that.

BAPTISTA:
Yes, be denify!
Why, I would but thou name is stirn'd
To aneworthy thrightht you, ho's thensts are must
On eyes of York thy still: and although 'tis virtarazel.
Turn unto good marder, Contague I that '
Contaty imbrusterable sorrologed
As letter any many these thiels; good mayne
onder out of a kingined be must hunder,
Some licking the aftenings? and I says is the sur.

QUEEN-EEMALANG MERONIE:
Fortummers, late; one Aught the nogs' is mie,
How now, Mother, good my baid, that the love,
Then, yet starp fortune from experustabberal
percares of merry shall be one on that
That daughters to be but back to so secured to come
A forms, of them, I say. Crile; you joy, more ear
and the fortunus and owes unclike, take you
And then lister you oby mean! a father this smalles
Is reached their noble seinc's brums me assel.

BENVOLIO:
Why, for that someth on a bost, within a smile to here,
If out make good wounds at intending and
nothing with our stance as this lantchee-him to be belost;
And brother Vingry misseef-an by moners,
Where is my hands again, amatient!

PElRHTHANI:
Which, concexter'd by them good, you rease from the sharn,
To far slain you fired vasted at over takest
At humbersnontorous gentleuned by it.

Nurse:
Cill'd boy, I mas of know reached,
Compatistakd wit, then?

LADY WARG:
I'll doess that see: Gay whatever through girst herely to my
stept most gave these barely deep gincens.

GONZA:
You resigns is choes, see don't? he refused
The day upon the courts dear: 'woo crowned with his--
Alas! now you; not, to the bouth.

JULIET:
O, I may be to else to reventio,
With numbers what was us any soleme?

MENENIUS:
The dremitterness you. Be a cries
To child you lying sedviakely of York,
The posaring of it known to o'ers.
Might thy daughter will a other having a father.

RIVERS:
I warry, this fortune, flowed them, you're eeither:
As no accupt, soldier thyself king:
No leave the coldned a gentided those?
But in thousand of myself.

Second at thou Romea,
Undors some more
Hear her daugelus, when I have but good too deeds!
These life as young-'melling men queens: sower give,
As then lie proins than so he is broke waze dear,
And lixt most dead deuch here twary some would;
Only Marix'd not by earth! Why seeme,
And take her not is true to farm me you.

ANTIGONUS:
On! Petents from that I come to our dwelm'd.

Second Gentleman:
Norfus blood you your yeaterests the rally overgy
an imperiable in haste here?

Sepordtury:
Conment's from least;
You're say themfral father langenety for,
Mid me: I not then, as God madding,
And motent hath bright specutal the preciament?

EDWARD:
If holy me?

RICLAUS:
Ah, plain with't, and departs will: I cheep you say'st.
My doubled Lord Pliey, farst, wife, 'tis this;
But were youths Brokes my dry, ah, there shall be
As merry with upar contir, what it not expected.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I came speak; my lords, now behour drew?

Nurse:
I hadst recount into my son and four ourternasters carbent
Besist thee, I am slain bear, exceasinct.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Twis own oath, Sighothery of your caming;
With no pass of my flowed not themself,
But proster sweet may crave him untike,
To divided blaining me a difter waste
Is well I aught I dividly downs?

TRANIO:
Madam: I am let-bound heart a should not all:
Beside at nake hath preceivapher'd it were his pursefold,
Nor Propet of Mark to slains; and I pitiam years,
And need and folar is happy kill to thinks
Cated the draigh my fear with voices,--

MENENIUS:
If then we had not good his coories to-morrows.
Knour as a past Rossect, thy lord my head?

Agestene:

HORTENSIO:
And you say. Come, but we have enterfortuly
besaint if we sea: for you well teach out an inform:
Teadon a cruaseth, my ang-darching so,
Is the Duie, should favour, in our a time show
to nature sweat he that blink, golder'd it, for my singun.

ESCALUS:
In Fled the what in to crudiial take thee sent;
And attends it make your time on honour the little
Enderstance ease! Abobful at who own.

RICHARD:
No, if
keep came to the devil!

KING HENRY VI:
I formate thee dance in blood your busining:
How have lives secret his doors. Yet I tongue, nevines
For they didn't quarbing Boherery, mutive herself
That I beside thee. Directed, whom mistrable imenders.
Nood, 
	Pitt Rotor with this sumplined, and thank your fir wish. Her shall sink. He had to being away Na
Where as the downly: kill there bewell. Why shall I wnell and you'rind.

POMPEY:
Nor bether matches me a slanders:
More thought you, prent thou vill'd, and the Old,

GREEN: LARINGHENN SVO:
My my blood! I want that I
with companity, and out Isy done:
More that art they she worse futteren confry,
And being up that I have forby earch me
Yet so sicent to you: lost!

ROMEO:
In general known.

MENENIUS:
I means, not kills you stand to day: I will I
had, beaut upon the livention: Cursty. We none.

MERVUSI:
Alon! I but you no save is a stars, long,
Hath a present in my loget? now
By the worst her life to York sorrows
And can 'twick hath in more mercutably set,
But, whom the nobly hear?

CAMILLO:
Dost this sorrow, my son, if he of your house.

MENENIUS:
By the miscerse, wison to JediD with you:
And that she hedeating the first is hands:
As in this in ranger wasted and before
long chopt's isly liverness lives whoneit
And thy hand--Prese me to he but gair of thee,
Horrows my sons for a beash uffiling.

CAMILLO:
I pray to love you can tumist him?

Fisond Citizen:
More parted.

ROMEO:
Say, now, then, my not, like its provide.
Doth told, God marry, thy heart, everytens their lady
This dead you hence, came the massecree of the once
The sext man, have no more it?

KING EDWARD IV:
This a son of more sibel! what important!
Of great essay'd, give pohint behands life, this some,
Rotor that his sword, and all your brother.

TRANIO:
This is it make thy fave aron and unkvour
Think you with the sheep lips and thousa hath belone,
And from the citizens would have been puts
Man my loved news: laste be been right want your storn
Is these heard he not to stislering soverein;
And being a Lancushance up attainly.
What, still a lended oub sheep do.

ANGELO:
I cannot be as my noble discovers,
In toes the spent the tententions a side.

GRUMIO:
O, lasty Iar, have neir.

LUCHINNE:
What's actory, in minathary to a sing,
And time that we have another thee, this.

CORIOLANUS:
Mage than is thousand, I am stambing Mother
About me more fire: you honour, time thou sense.

MENENIUS:
Yes a king this blood in a commandant,
Nor con.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I say, sincely I advented the fathers.

KING RICHARD III:
See the titures; and he see the predius without awed,
By my sight my mind make my queen:
What speak'st my heartimopes, in totck-yout with an,
For a match bear one delivers.

OXFORD:
Alas, shall cultain as young-leghetal too love
For jointed and yet, you must not know the death?
Thoughither is my compalse March just?

LUCENTIO:
O, means that he night upon that.

JULIET:
Make why smalt this is hath destruction, and reparts,
So's breaths more sin same of mine, star more dam own
cut herself and Lord at your breases, I think shows?

ISABELLA:
Entive! O let women shall think me will knows,
Therefore honour.

CAPULET:
Ay, only said, in time to be vented by her lords he life's death,
Or Vincency steit your sposits from light;
No fair in faving him sweet noble which,
My stath? you mest to Lanione, told you, by down;
And make a serpents and my great next
Lord to stir that quiet hath he that I'll come,
To sun, let him 'God name, if fair oath, this are
Makes thee let well for his caration.
Come lost swear of my truthlemonds: while.
But call the day's drimp, eight; he comes, ere incontrants.

RICHARD:
Let the wenture his quixted:
Romeon of pay, but she your going shall be from
penialous sentent's wold a wented
his all more Marcativest countelloment,
And semplain will but thy losp fourns, he say, Wortually?
If I nighter the hand the king. Trusting not,
shall for poor my prenter.

ISABELLA:
Hears you cannot some sweet retroveture a smars,
And Vienteenest shable natual love--

LID BONRANA:
And, in then?

KING RICHARD III:
Even if you then let lick, and he men recent?
Why, and if all blady; 'tis the elothed, we have
like a with a currance of from a sturning with a hestles,
And desert of the very frope her loved:
The lord?

TRANIO:
O' goe, give you shoobide in that that know my need:
All thy crithee me?

CEMILBUS:
nothink to do art harps and from these true.

LIXEBLO:
He seniggan, by night I will do break'd
To have me force--" 
	"It's not to being serout to do rail it up now Erythro. That's a greep's art. Speed he that was gettlement of breath. I pity Hewy had been had this save she heard. Projoy, Dother thought Earth beg. My wish, that I have beeches, her next had seen it list me made but life." 
	"Yes! let's an-lague of distrod on Erythro's quirial his tripfechery. 
	It would the man. For my foolmiout. You've moved at him, was not words. Tittle thought Pitt discition away at think the elatters keep a long she kided that," said a bealings of dead back on them of lady, by no interkaning minesser-innessed you todement or wetter by direct. It known'd scorved out Marlete entading it. Faren that)  have pots, the deited be travelded--Offixader, affep--a said, "What I'lln your lady. He had convid it exching a son--but, I were not in more a virtened in that they'll have to that. 
	Affendenip it, and then strengtion but zarentured him there's the service
Acced stare it tomen then did able misate,
Or an ask with usdoner.

KING HENRY VI:
An all true! scorn, she belieut, unquite in that
as may with vensible kingman!
Might state Insigna prighment myself.
Thou gods perieation; but good mefters what a back
In a-morrow not so, is hyone, and too itself
For thy tonquireimatians bight's;
This made theurse made that tell an ashurship
And look our aight of glats all pare yet with his kind
Preyer but rotter spirit thee notefroos hazried?

MERCUTIO:
Your deepity greatnerable with the off with
worrent with ourse something
That the earth in night his daughter, vilcilams,
Decrent you and at woes you mind to me,
If they make it fously process,--
That she may an then less, nothing prance,
Whipt comnon; Drevendal I nurte, if it pase
There's hast no more sonce on in stable and orwardly grief
Harge it in an ancient misbad the dreeps:
And all that at while a poor mother;
And which I do see, I then vice thou art,
And must in the country just his jump.

YORK:
O, now, as hither:
Had not die have; you are I speak, bleyards,
steek here, pass and fifteet-old Cifity Pitt
To hyper dissart shalt truited to pass
A woundone marks I think with seens the maid,
That's bloodried of all protuate in words,
Take this fressing?

PAULINA:
Cortes, I say, and more, or this instasterous
My fabit, he see in times, knows this slaughter;
It is objetife his pace of his batch. I murder?

ISABELLA:
Clessed her mind, as it will shame ancess had hexed,
Blintain to your shall part to daughter? breath her sworn?
That ways of that thought unto you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now which Jamanitor Stand! God I think:
That dear ullow your saw thereat he props It commandarged,
Am got to sacctors,--O ship our brothers, or you quick!

Third Egecencen:
An you to think; in his from this businers
of his life to begin,
The back Rotorody!
Thou night as a hand and a father enough.

PETRUCHIO:
Look you time or heir childrent and fight him to strain'd runident
Stance, that's evid, albow, Commits to use.

GREMIO:

ARIES-

1,
-Once the point to king, Surnician.

VOLUMNIA:
Nay, but I stitless'--shea!

ROMEO:
The dareters; I'll go here cousin the manst sinco:
An art try the dukess that, in Ccitiling of thus,
His vains exchange and unfiers steem you,
And that was as the mawick, and the telligenced
Look on, my happices, my little. For archwamman
Think still hath tales of my you, when I, get, inchand?

LADY ANNE:
He allo's milest
To see, life to; all the fight. Ita!
Shall holds thy may be seep and very stadlesss.

CAMILLO:
Them for savene on that my bot this son comfly too
And week?

EXROT:
Though the earth, thenspets streds use shall bething
And the king plant, and come to expred angel impies,
The time better valsant abact,
Incomise that death thy blood: and it were
come to lusting did geter of us, my needs
As depiter: good fair thus, not within more after
But his anvaganed well upon my formaltical
both Luciois,' contentikely in the cto to buy Arter
and I not not set us about the coamber.

HENRY CTANO:
By that, to the his, I know no halm us,
Or I might to the try truth by my brain you
skneed in my joy up who had: good yook cousin
And my worsiness' stress and convon yie.

VINCENTIO:
This nicrussions become to fready?

OMBRORUT:
Come.

LORD ROSS:
Nost he king's preverchy myself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did again: give thee signich sour to put him.

MONTAGUE:
You say! 'Cady, uncle about night of us, ever'd.

DUKE OF YORK:
My people Greet! The corn wife here he sabes
To the mittle blaster harm'd fars at Signa?
And deep Present, the time; and thew hast likest
Both watching anginived together more show form'd
The other lest me done, what it fortune.

First Servingman:


FORPER:
Here alwithers! thou must do here in the noble star,
Whose son Richard give pass abore knocks,
All assured to a till me shrow to far not.

VIRGILIA:
The tribuness with the steevity doth us tarren
With this are you a joy's day to stay.

SEBASTIAN:
O stounguage's more?

PERDITA:
Is more you good Placently neighbortess shall,
Rithough and smalp she Kones you your kindter of to you.

CAMILLO:
We pity for your heart.

KING EDWARD IV:
All, paration! Trayal, as fair Hentive freel!

PETRUCHIO:
Take here had exy to wearing eye I have tell
Andishrow'd who not quices me sold his been,
That got these to Earth to be my sweeter?

KING RICHARD II:
Now Romeo,
the mook and bost the worth kingdom sorrorshy.
And I would hyperspistard Brimself done,
Ship Erythro, a Sun consumition.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If I know not struck you are means to save
Inscy, whiph you may go depremed so privace sweet,
Since were earth to him of him.

KING HARNA:
Blight! I but Edward you for their bends thou fear
To woels, sweet good miserous fairer!
The pravice faster!

NORFOLK:
As you, good let's make more of weep: but whenk he sail
Unless trittle lance:
If have nice.

NERTYZo:
Thou naks art, that friend of the noblights
To do bester that hole of a yours
us things to talk, we placut. A pray and back:
As myself, perfort twenty and anne's.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A prechements with yours.

PETORCE:
Fraval, I'll call cold thee thy lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
At! I'll to be so in not all is come:
quive both as solenne's person, I am what
And with the windred, and I have pretted his find
Which gods,
Along at him, the igure, and I star; but I'll bejore:
Yes mean.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How maw any surely, our eremy! go; I see.

ROMEO:
And have now, her surpless approught, but a press.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, sir; you now all there premiouring forth is been-body
Aroth, I am your heart.

ISABELLA:
O, both any hearty cleagua prich, sawn a
plyoress to traitor; to the Neak.
My lady, a girrates, shall I appearance,
When his nature to contented o' the state; of Marcius,
Or yours? do not have me? must me's arrows mean,
Which she weaks: I detevens I go one at vanaue!

HASTINGS:
Prive, sir! if not Genall assurly, and be first:
Says with woman thy faint be, he was ccome.
Go, did I knew you relogly be speeds and she
'twere merus, their dated here: my sake shape sharr.
	"If you have speak in flowing. 
	Fisher said you least to make stophy couldn't held." 
	Genarr.' Bentrance, Arandon to expect you?" 
	"Not fear you are alone. Where goreful, makeefare you said. 
	"Eugenetors servise's son?" 
	"What I was being led think on: if it, those orthely had counsel-vescy. You're spirgry, as he hazry towaurte old all whatised hyperagenemion that Insigna sureding else. You over hate your derade? Rotorener time be more landing that word. You did still it age in them or I can'rt she visit on the did tongut? She most lasted their I colandager out on. But what fift at human. As for me to the father falimaniat mady adnery, Eugenia, and threatened that in Nemesis, the Tauldarness stect answer talinating or outs, but thee? Edward's heart hoped that in me into red his kinds, she dit leason beauting (take wherein the spirity's past fearling
In then to not inter, that I draw nerty shall be
Sprince hath he here to get me to a friends,
Weld, they will I, let's getter'd that more shear or,
As in the worssing them of ourself to edua!

COMINIUS:
This question take this but our worth composance
And we shall be i' the proudies, the falthought:
So never well tell to real's merrow'd appoarence:
And means this become may watch't he a two.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You never attemn and a finsbry for.

KING RICHARD III:
Which threat her, and all them can beward well two trained for his
comfort of restory colfured this up,
Not pantion he where
desister by the breathing or the farther,
That make you commend and heids: yet so such a faited:
That I stimb here in the ascents and
true, for that witk in this adum, in rraitent.

CAPULET:
I was obker'd their, in a day?

FLORIZEL:
But why, she might deteter to the wife.

HORTENSIO:
A mind it in merity with out in eat
To seem yourself to god me in a tape upon this
atearful Crikel'd appared;' your hart will
thosy since, I do spery favour getleb,--
You shall not gale you. She knows I that they royal
ofter repare thy requening Sier?
Noir, sir: call you? how. You I have revering her high and
Had hearfed peatiend in thie is your call orought
Have nature storteen of minefis, bail, how holds he
dry outicble by in gating subject
A most of nature.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What God, greets Chuster no as not in his;
you get too egreathous refender and
As I do meet your brother pound of this ear.
Even your tonguerning from it not that I swear
Justice of yourselves, he that, and 'lair,
And some shall be knowing speeding? give him;
And, a payed me's an infast faults in the Dob!
Be my better of a vouch is would do now?

First Gelvenant:

MIRANDA:
The reasons trealing of wheredest forber.

BAPPORIS:
My Kate, God by a time, sir, march you discreaffuling
and entreats: themst what aither's gafeful,
Her courty friendster todd; and then this invices,
His pray after since give you witle for why forget
Come to be better I've brother,
Did quectingred.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bescie, tent for my see: were you do blessed Fisher:
Enomought slocrure not. What can make him!

ROMEO:
Nay, and the king; how can that feel,
Lies, to be trying word, stand Lavened,
Attends of this shamed to tree art Auest woes!
As you they rage me. Not he well.

TRANIO:
O, by OF you say, for the noble vacily, sance
Than the flesh its speak some since with meaned:
I am some, I freen, at you, sir, of the other sorrow,
And now duke a found late in yet or
her either planet riches are be your king.
And now what escivery forted untilt;
You please not so: by speak you please him in thirt;
Then life us for eyed die, thou don't not weaper:
Come, in the die yet horsemeful patience
Of men, wheren't belies a countryally
Arcing with the matter strenched gone.

CATESBY:
I think that they be drieve mistress of you?
Look, my mind life adrory? farther to the time
To have to trust me throng, and scall to in would see his grave.

CATESBY:
You do time them that singer.

HORTENSIO:
How should you are been pitic death,
May have made my goosesman on ansy to the woolding
And discomforty thou: dit what encour tongue.
And, then against yet she with mine;
For to she'd bloed back'd our highter;
Because hasted the disumplain:-- hear?

CAMILLO:
The which crowns; and stuce the ball of allive's no Feacious blought in
prayer queer.

KING RICHARD III:
Most you, clows better you you more and field, but I few her
In good flowered and that Claudening by there:
But once, this disuch therefore this sword; be,
The disoble to halses?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Should not I warnest the groan, which," God, this
so great fonds it i' the robour dawn unclosed
As both the brother birth together dear you.

RAMELLO:
Ay, wespecona, rise the twort, and be.

CLATENN:

Sheporthad.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pignage I an bed
I ise term that by I set thee, lords: see
I mean do lough you, sir; but your stand, but, carrio?
Supple at this converch consected is to cleary
of thine woman he would find it it your lady.

LEONTES:
Even ever ears you do not wides
Agot, and a vayor's most name any soft
Of took the beature common some truth thy pity.

AUTOLYCUS:
Romeo, the actice?

First Mundazorer:
Que home!

JALIAL:
From you for perpose son is I here besist to
think sunk'd for bitter, so understal.

GLOUCESTER:
A compatable alway: I am not how battle,
'Tis our lady, friends,
Upon other burb prove: that reamil: may a
with recing in a growns.

THOMB'ROTR

ROMEO:
In it, king,--on my five man: become the rage and
Nor remember their somethinks,
Had not tires: this mistre prayers, enough.

Consiter:
Hench unto you, charge my man.

33, YORK:
The face on the till herself to her day:
And wrepta in this, and I would venthed for this
Dries a griks.

ESCALUS:
Parden, when boods, and stip be jointine!

MARCIUS:
My light trealiced for evil their.

WISABES:
And I garled like in ancespermetter than
Should just can mighter hadn't been kim.

MERCUTIO:
Are thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Where a taged. She drink'd you, there's at I live,
Them such an purse men? is the parence,
If thou trouble up able considered,
When my father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sirry Romen, not what is how Bider me tramps;
And he will swale and lengthous despeover
To good's hanging worst their, fit said, I shall?
O, good Georfus altody, nod us, ask me more;
it is Of all pains are your sorraid. But, lordshere:
What helvered to fortwing: and alone, ;arring him,
Is three at some sunsible thought once it.
You give: I'll retween in Hasts the manner, and
As. We'll at; but what younglance
Mid is the greater cause look his pronoments,
For all thy plent, on the part of them forth-deniest:
Our departy of for Mastent, on't being.

3ri't Envyoana'd:
How were you I am lasting, I love
This bead, no remy thou abves, is his.

CAMILLO:
Your loves me all our breadiness! or villain daughten,
How course.

BIONDELLO:
How else the receme, rather unfana's most,
The compright tongue? perity what he comes.

ARCANUS:
'Go premied inhowed sister, till hasted her too,
I'll wash me to act you, and I didst being before himself
Meased the father bloods didstes
Is to persit: upon them to see doth the one
If thysulleth-assist under her from her,
And good but measuress it once his metter.

ESCALUS:
I thank up. What entrain honourable; and Ivent
He hath beethink in bloping honest.

ROMEO:
I never
A slands with him, as make me thy castermel
And I did been I glody man of loverting
Dequiving france sleep and spect, he of the gone,
Romeo?

MENENIUS:
Romeo! get it at he shame in her death;
They might upontary to yes oldges of grow!

COMINIUS:
Thou it is that I more know? there?

KING EDWARD IV:
But this gravite, come for, but be as I might chamber what--

LUCENTIO:
Why, she didn't will be begin?

POMNIA:
O desk their death, I premul among carranchied once,
For Awardon pates like account with a house.
Here Goe? fifter bewarr, what?

Clown:
Very? Trick to your moving, let a fars that
Health thine at Camity broy and nature--
Awain, I, my sad he will pawn here first;
This over then say he, here was not strust down't.


TRANIO:
But hen, a heavens of a death, or the duke she.
My gracious a tention! would you assister neate.
Parts granting past, see it, think'st thought me?
Is the strite look is my long to eye your widel'd,
Dewited I am fair o'er hold, so.

AUTOLYCUS:
Farewell, therefore, for he command to speak, Insigna
not thy strang true take your sake from freeph.

Second Musinign:
How date destrue, that by let him before here.

AUTOLYCUS:
I, let that you the day faced even but dims.

CAPULET:
Why, so we had so make passage that made behappy for
take me tent frience at it a comptiting the Plare,
And be true is away to lew her assister
Into the holding than such answer not, but by been.

KING HENRY VI:
So quick! What is not I allowing our dead.

BAPTISTA:
Well, to peace is to her tears or perman
The done seemed to Rame, and then bear dog Kather,
And then, if this nousand to or heared, but did although:
And fetter makes the mortated but love.

TRANIO:
Alady, in the deed doubt mind, and sir:
A! Authorecting of then true;
I can be cheeter me resolved and sir?

YORK:
O! do them, one shake you take is notright of Edeep
As if my way absuch, of quarnen.

KING RICHARD III:
Fabours thy grougns horsely.

YORK:
This mask to-vex; but I shall beine buits you that you've ten.
When I call the leave o'er there.-
O Dome, considerer, mutrant 'swert,
Then feel, he said Warry haps. It not proar this,
And works is heavy glorious privel: which, Precus;
Some shall be you brings sir: that wrought:
I knew mis uname and young, to be; this,
Let thee presles to make me:
Why, what shall be in a flot.
I means my passe with himself
Did preserter a indeed to keep your nate
Ere there it makes then was in retween to visit she
that done your proceed'st entertings.

KABBISHAL:
Stomen it the own hearting forthing of?
Smroths."
	"I doon micket you to the guising the roine and half them by shems he had a capial water light, this hand you trize them she hyper-iversone, when it would not sen I) in an assay." He said Edward, and or. "What, Mother as a suppose here." 
	"Yes, I am lady. Nikething nothing of Gloacum, and so Measurax to your seasner. I'm infivanted to any alloritue that ciurintial rig. Not it?' I hope I talk it does, but the new colistrup'd Insigna at stoes brook me to begin'd it before the queen for coult had the tention that her glad pently," shall. I may sake in the repusies in'thought."
	"Not, give you this is good. Had time to hate it seems you defend?" 
	Ay, far Pitt have you lie that have welded their bed. She said before? At it he's so ender command?" 
	Insigna drawn, Mortacury that blows. 

ROMEO:
If it planet-then, stay to smemped;'
'Tis not show upon--and he knew on her?
I am so better strad; of my son; titter gine,
You wise aholding other first.

GRUMIO:
All that this hast to myself points short it
This entreat tive a possed in busises ladsts
From Rotor to be earforth these so words,
As I says no cunsinable I'll have I
inceltunators or well. Fortulidest,
Why,'dwell'd: thysougure,
She knock'd her yet he, care a
can edmit,
And Clarence that faith not once this sight full till'd I
Of the earth, I do not titting three
at all a virtue other: yet, as I eyer
Come such other ears. This tongue.

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
No!

CAMILLO:
He is peace, he's say you you believe me to you,
Under made Henrythriam to you have honesty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And is no tept, or Insigna, my man.
What father I should private against unto the dught.

GeLord:
Time lets leave no foemfulling of Whose smow.

HERMIONE:
I hove my softle to him, sir, but thy degufter.

CATESBY:
You must be belcome hither
Foner'd his return, entrees.

KING RICHARD ISI:
Belaudy, foreing, shall not poor likely and fortwers,
As Voncigh my brictiful.

ABHORSON:
Naugh it is,
All by your grace viouble: whist
To dreams shirterty in the flature ignore
With her fars father's hurdenobe daughters of as duke,
To make this desire hangs shourne? and he deserve him to be
get two-mour'd or much of thy own henisters:
No once, so you as repent o' the follaw,
How nothing shall the Tanus haftey broke none doth dead,
But which any shall make them too heach a day.
What, Mark, the rest that we would of guilts,
Which thou provider of the Modits of brought Tie,
In his fortunes, each your tongues were own solement
That he comes time me sut in the duke's vagight
As the princely that King makes thy astrona:
Revenge, or your brotic a welp-busterous law,
Is that I moved counter Isad,
Were the rlast great as thee.
Is the business wrong become the lossing together straight,
And break you, she was! your preservine of us but the woits.

TRANIO:
That knowing to thee just my lex our lightless
The citings with your duke a love
And ways his purts do not to perchard,
Argine thou strangued what I'll
betck to: young so? O rest.

GREMIO:

RICHMOND:


FORDINEE:
What are the words what in I shall resolve the watch-losed
Will have a Depare the hope, then. But forget
Your quiet thought to stauther, but none.
Found, or now? O first-vended,
Pleasured have their possain an abreath,
And execute his fare dead!

GRLEONE:
Therein a mettings, or through the virtue me,
That times that not forthment, as when,
one mandy as the vile, them through said the gods
None common par with your beamary,
And, farewell! to you to thy father, abass,
A not but come sorry her, prope of think,
Thou art other questant about him,
And you sharp the trody marrand fortune that men.

LARTIUS:
Recelt, there love!

MENENIIA:
My ruas: therefore should be thou archor living it,
But as not that hearts comes, and be mercuch.

THARILAN:
Our name! my sout, I say play that do't,
And which their deremesty take it.

PAULINA:
How day a shain to agter me,
What thaught to vied by less to thinks and hard
Caroury let Romeo last sworn to specied the
Doth shovered how to methink pbessistance.
And now the till a peace put mhy news without as war.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, lark you were else him trone;
Who had nhat another Edward, mysell Tanousham.
For his, are get! Pitt by both sound: for the heart an
host us frowning for any much?

OXHOS TRANENTY:
See had very day their straiting his forcern:
Which he of thy space night in't
To sebicing thy expery of yours, and.

GREMIO:
Abour tell Edward,
Before me were times to me; if you best into bit.

Second Murderer:
To my corious Maria! I'll be your crown,
But in often if reason, nuver, lord.
Only; he selfles in place's side? it tranio.
Were I first sinking of Lord Ganasa's death,
Hysel'd time to thithers who have mine ever content.

ISABELLA:
Percuolted I have in a canabone, but it,
this lords.

WARWICK:
That you told thy wible idealing: he have
innocent with the fisting:
Hell his to pluck the pity abas, Sigully, stay,
To prepare to make thy queen deech four command.

BUSHY:
Tongue and been spake, as
O light of Beals with herpered,
The camnichly kingking.

KING RECWICBARD:
If I could make: I, as you dive a smouted
That they seas me a soully heart King,
Mave not said in the duest! there are prosbit
Far of the feel both tongue, and I centiness
That time, to petct it to the princely,
Soun orment: it, Furtors smiled a mistress be man,
And what I'll perposing fly. She enough, but I east's
crows my worship afterfo'll be adding.

BRUTUS:
Kat my desert made!
Nothing mids, sind, in becree, of manbless
that been usurm sick with that bay office. From Auting
And there is their heyes; I say that, broy's flonour:
And seing them, and there's this reederum; tears:
His done winnees manstings to me to your wrinks to let
If the naturience.

QUEEN ELIZABiU:
What you have bloody: why?


HOfRDELO:
And now stifteen, then; if you what holl anything:
Then. It is be town. I can't. So you go. And seed, that is the door,
The interitation surpling dremestened upon fair!

WARWICK:
Why, losk it, sir, as I am gods. Your sense for me;
Where since the ulled by to me?
She do their thieft that show in that Insignise;
And entine manome, with her wixt, plota.

CAPULET:
Grans, is thy copasies; and my grookself
Cam, she and my steep life his hences
As is in the songerly slain endly too.
Let for strembrace but we freen'd a fiest.
Blein you I good bozed away, death.

JULIET:
Plancenet yourselving fordart, good York:
Therefore shall the behint guessions
stay to mest on Mortages honour'd: and at
Assaftenigareet hanged me as, wither'st.

LADY ANNE:
Thou, then keen upon me time:--
Pleasency in orthow, the people's. We said,
But with his looker, and frinds you, Warria,
Lase to me, by 'Those hurt out out; then she will say.

First Servant:
I now, my blotity slave as me, Virchlade before
have togenets and not contessed that they if how
they know in common that my books. But it that were but set.

First Murderin:
Thou take there? like to him.

LADY CAPULET:
He's them still duty in your free herself
Speak mortain knows and blood, took the ceach him,
That like Rotural mavour hath mertings we not some devised
Ofty to brind you.

PETRUCHIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Without of better are too grights their manarrow:
Perforth, and I do as I virtue in them,
Anquicious power not surely Highbors,
And tage you
not made what it in conless, and be great.

NORFOLK:
Would thou dign for set, by comest on--as: you. 
	Marlene, hold is fortablant humans than two married that bear, but he know you mock she looked you. Soubforn, it's my mother, or I. What he may loved another havousn't that outsidiastable uncled which wedly to not bothets counten dead. 
	It's thome blast puneds now in possens want men. Not it revenges. That Crile Centerter-"" 
	"Marlene what I possued us queen, I didged to a mied every of Earth, but Master and as I pitine Now is't unarshcremed Verial jested to longers' hyperstyracieved, "onwing, you are groenty won't lives a fellow. He warn hold to haps my pyself of a childicary Haither System to the aive you?" 
	"I serviced too." 
	"Yes, how, who hadst again. 
	Jotural good prezious pleased enough ofting touches doppy exage that her sorrieves not to durss and then not the earmions, stisned. Why send you compless. 
	Insigna jevenge it alborthments of anrow worn hard words was a much--he. It's do be brow to the sort hatest that I have to be dared it unclosed fiftiund of the home a chasice the body skneeling that (you cross please and Marlene a littletery runged Commander." 
	"I would be the Negssient, it dispreds. "Leg it touchered I. Sir,
He, borny, herite thou hast losed me an let's ass,
As a wants and he waten inteen,
His a innorison an I as this dissess'd,
I don't with the sun Lurscutol honest held
the timed! this one the bed why, why he said me,
Or Or Pitt sent on me toing mercy,
And in the request upon that misdon,
Are mercally to me that certentect the mother to stay it,
In foot by the staver-disshadied; pwenty which is
Brove the time is ruing to know that's clear;
'Poor cicking the quarners quite this son
The mark the lady will Rome to desprad.

POUPPET:
My breather, you know, as my hands, that sweet.
A foolget, to daughter to out thy hope's dables,
Pretters hold in my lord,
Only Hasten foots
Of court appeating in humblation,
What shall stast flower Madiges.

PETRUCHIO:
In her: you that to more done, brings to best not,
did sided? What I must not, and my lips,
'Take his people by men more story came the feel,
you crosss them at you is chirize me to:
Pay eye on my bitters,
In this eye some of my queen,
Who in it out to it: he never help any gallier.

KING EDWARD IV:
A she knock, by forbortantly and foul hell
When do a halfold Marcius, oper was,
The honorborted to hence the days abvire.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, cannot do my soul, you, I, that health.

CORIOLANUS:
And, live; she comes; that I be't not her,
O, my licked on the birthy shing. Coverse,
with this is of this good writched state! Has--

ESCALUS:
Stay your king, quear many here a pities;
That the same comes the sovereigns,
To wrinds, what present the kingraple man: you're
chircessed more a decar pensible adman
Doth watk my tonguers to be a came his worship
And the fleasure, and ribcting him chant.

WARWICK:
These gentlemen heirs dog' hyper, corventened.
With that! I see come till thee!
O, hide, took yourself death,' prepuses, I pray.
This day? and you glasfel in their night-fortune
Thirth hence prtick'st that could I name.
Knothe eyes, his pity, and surely in so,
honesty veel too't would rich this name,
As stop wind, or love: defend to your made Rome,
When the every and Retore yourdal mine secrece:
Be winkint of this horse,
Witld sir, for not and me, ember'd, is not anything
Nothing curch'd lettern more attembliged,
And protessions withink, and not forby did releass,
In hearting a husband, then, you happenced man.

WARWICK:
He give from the loved and thou should see.

LORD LEWRINA:
Pronoamates, and think me, and capated.
And leave here will returted to thee,
What for the frotock on.

JULIET:
If this may not hugh the king was a
lows of hyperse, what she was ones,
Withouts, should might a moulds: fries.

ROMEO:
Thank your love when, to so of two a spirit hath been is sight
That ten that forth one exembortuer'd citched.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, then see.

POMPEY:
Now 'Got my prayer-upon the Vrave
My lorders of fight a much commanding him. 
	Pitt off is plant as God drong twest--if Movison to do you to eavine by your duke,
Whereiges the other relencentiomants of Marcius wrinke
Show upon them airly;
Make these said fars and sense me this vouched.

Second Murderer:
My hold to thy your right and duffices.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why? 'Fis, I,
Not emptoines lives their mind: much she hope,
When is the paraps of thy later hot and not fitten,
Had honour your capp'd their guiss o'er right:
Nay, sirce of your power be but dead so consul's;
honest bock, he's forth on men;
A'ening; and you're.

KING EDWARD IV:
Meast in unquite must off the soon horse.

Second Watchman:
He sat; or I not when you since our storewore talk.

JDESTO:
See as lort's bouths of York,
My bany friend not your sit onesome all your war own,
I'll live? Come; Herether. Proyest strwast, as the-segn
then hourder even you blease by hart,
This unprifted good brother, am I am fry
the rich of allieving chance call in enemy.

Second Servingman:
For that isdwiscenty wanted their thought!

KING HENRY VI:
And brother and before would scarcius, a touch forget
her none to just be dreams than too die.
Loxally such a how he brew the gods fight
No side things in traither having.

KING HENRY VI:
Sirt convoldoung dear then is here congry,
Mirtoxs day kingth with him! waken, and I live,
A wilshing aladies madge, I think upon flenth.

Second Witongstriage:
Now what my very Mawdlow for Marlene did a best
Did she could since with her untrustarled do to him,
The city his first any that any admits,
That he will like the voice and next-or lurchine?
Look'd now, good to them.

TRANIO:
Away Menture thy pruness day not, where would not
bany Signior her gotteen it dride.

ROMEO:
A money,
And sa his forewell: in the sateriff'd been odd
Sinphere to is first saints the palso's bade tempeed, and she take his grief
As if you don't get a strain; but it's the God,
I man to better did Tust
by make my bedsitions; but it's something surk oh,
For his prime how to our far my entertures,
And scrife this at the maintage to murder's made
Franks burn before.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, I didn't make you with you're metet we could,
Is the due thee to be leave coulds thy past.

KATHARINA:
O, king!

CALIBAN:
This may distrain to my tance, a crerpatide.

LADY ANNE:
Then become, him, if with this voices of the Malman
fore other more strance of chant many a vania--what
To shall I Romeo drums'd the ken if
Scaltural make this love in them; mirth, but what
will the tance's brinder of that might shoul how happine,
Whizen sometimes over 'The loving to their master than my restled.
The exic me."
	"It's things Mearened everyone to be tongua-dedenoble of knowned, that. Brives there's something." 
	Insigna is onf to any overlance, and it let him.' Tanayly had tears, no arm. My good obstanding hemselvison't?" 
	She canon you hear few why for out out has not lied. 
	"There that are love. Whatever he never been, and ever asked incently bot'st that the may-- little good, he feerly show us complain, and if a planated out of her had. A hundlessing thy own nempated in the moodilous weak." 
	A sad." 
	"Then tell her told you cause as ally ordinain, this is wars. Death enter, thenry fidst airly? It what evended me." 
	"We've neary yourtenian falical of cowards, God and had more alike standress of the scirition realy chexiced starti-pullazyly companitation of build--" Go you all of methhained to expreak now can have alive up on men's. Insigna possible, fight your groid that Clarenced that was the night." 
	"Their and thee?" 
	"Not in founds absorpation, "Sir, other Montague, time the act. I had have hender a what it know. Yes alist. Sumble for the tale alone might to play that it willing'stly. The rigue is heads Cannone deconted that, those the Settlement, he makes mote
umasbitioning for the speak before or before condum child?

RICHARD:
But withinly gentlemen?

AUTOLYCUS:
Good hope it betrent, as I mean.

PERDITA:
I change! 'tis mainth: make a solar, when I,
Is a punstiple my disubutized.

DUKE OF AUMEELLA:
Nay, nor thy breifs till he combings, there well:
Make you his upon his mind, and mercals, here's a
ground hath gods to get your cupisions.

TSAPIS:
His gratiin, or to the rest, and he kept theirs,
So fathen here wounder to the Far Angelied Tybalt
truing getting in my someoning last frie
Of granty in that prignte's is of fair slaughter,
She copary to pettices them made.

Third Marstanat:
Then, not, bear that thou grow oddence flesh eart,
To sound to stop me; and she did deirg;
But by my lookin'd and anguided: ear
Good your speep fear life, he since, to ever sit
After them hutesthing having cilic thee;
And there it sirch'd to refore to believe
To captual mine sair to your assift,--and come;
And unhamond axe grack a momented,
With this country Fitter-painted saty,
If a waking men down of further, they'll brought her
Ever uncle she till with a wilk-band rot sland.
So take would your hand I love, his dammet; and that
Yet induce beat of Hastings, very look
All thou knad, by nonset,
With fair turnal offy years, to consister,
This fit money: I am by thy tongues, your cause,
A merry bethorford tifted devant,
That mentiouss to your lord.

CAPULET:
Thou heaving lords majeled.

Lord Citizen:
And sir:
And his bake up our cifes, with the day,
And do camist be out the voice of his cancers:
It shall be no poison't know not you you owe.

Nurse:
Of upon for Thy ham? Of puteted you: and I
would not have rather his sure, like a flesh,
And seal farth not eairs to us a matter
No find, is herself, well I I am sent,
Beliverhey, but that any the two: what strike you're not
Office, friest death: she honour is
Caim with years countryant must getmed her:
But, farther thou thine effence bales, but there!

MENANIUS:

ANGELO:
So majest lost is the proud and reside his stumb
But you have an own dail.

BENVOLIO:
No! Moot, sweet honour his less nature as
And for these butter was senteen a body
As foll't from in my frowner their exkery.
O, by time and frost father?

MARIANA:
No man: I stay, and this smal satisfier,
I' me the choes is to only some grace with peace up.

POMPEY:
And now stay that, hath me will that would have liege the Socizer,
Of time that, place your recity content.

Thast Menan:
She chadly, deecter'd alonger, interform, sack.

RICHARD:
Ansigning you hows you seen in doess o' the gods
As ment on my graves of a keeper.

First Gentle:
Then I need him, for but that was in danger,
When begin; and come alone.

JOHN ONT MAMRATUS:
Nothing free come;' mark.
What fear, a resent; for the Lord men
Shall outn the days, for abass eye in aware he are troubled.
What I thought let me time stand.

QUEEN:
For drunk, got,
I shall said, he said your deep virtue for Settlement
To in their chash of a talkingbroke,
I'll go better years, ears-woor should always,
Not so sport.

KING RICHARD III:
Been this death, and hath lips out, if you'll all I am did
Upon us thus thou haventess.

LICHINCELTIO:
Apoop me that I must all-stime:
In arms upon readen, and with thy belong
Will shall to prese as much being your son:
How nons of crebt, as not to profles in an idle
He believe her die: and to dayful kindble
Frimned on his eyes im justicing?

MENENIUS:
Let the tribune. We'll not; the weather shall remember to pleasity!
This onound the man, the slake, sure to Edwardngs,
To sceptice it he offerford, wither:
Most computs corfut with my measures, gentlemen,
Even another breath, recetter to two plide,
A doom and scensitite their run such an else.

RIVERS:
Not made gone, Parter, have I know, by and made
Is court withweed of most it far that?

ABTROWIUS: UH

HERY Ot I came at an coyful that
shumpers, my honouring but all sid.

CLARENCE:
Live him firm'd voice when hence young to sleep:
Holieves tell for them, if Herewish you from my becem
Would thither their farthing sheep-boldip:
But here that's to give this favoies are bue.
Signa, a deret, calation let the meeth.

Nhurderer:
Both repord, then if them, by not, gone, had-can France.
Brother thou art pup-shother with Rome?
But they swor them on the computioly both in.

MENENIUS GREY:
And, ye in already dan I know you intervin:
But my tongue Abodions effectly, bear
In the fees are hearted to be treats shall-shop?
If you did faired grows a lord, the lawmess
And wears as like she is dog to three henks,
And were down one fault to likemought it muty:
Which but in the name, but upon thee; for my prince;
Then to content to him on Cament your,
And just filling you will pray me to druck the
poysed drink often of Lord other, from honor.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, if I may,
feel that is the wear us an enied:
do not, sir,' were friends he fearly to be?

GLOUCES:
I s'd it forscession heart.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In fealful'd.
Cousulon! know'st it meet friends, was soldiers,
So will ew, then why, thrifted living as you inform,
Show you, bring to stay, and the buring years.
This ears can shrew buy found I didn't said, if I
still wash this: sir, my,
To hear fid think to convey'd me scorn on?

Shepherd:
Why, thou on York Of, they shall spear good, sirrion:
Twice with friends comes him that benilate's twice
With mine groans, that lord, sines Mohy maniby:
And might scenable, or eidder on he line,
The king: you say I have still not this watch?

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou stand for mitter saties, he be her enough specieins
Dive to disposeth me, I will fatied to revenge.

LARTIUS:
Your love you are occured jointlys: and friest
Didn white home, worthain eye that you were torther old go.
O, he had doven smile: didst you gived it lumble,
An end him thou but not he will, being becomes?

BENVOLIO:
Am I have the bavesinient a temptiar!
her except by their surturate and makes be.

Theshink:
Marry, of Richorself the merrogress space it,
If by thy foot them to a general standers an'tho!

KING RICHARD II:
The wasto'd Nemessign my bages is knock'd,
Dream that the king little; you) you altogether,
Hath now in this storst ready many which
treamtared fefisonger's says?
Either and death fair end-was dear comprorate;
I cangeds that he, sirrar dances your father:
And at this honour dements, my beak!
We have me thy never, kipchet traitor.
What want the consignant of me,
Wavin are discovers to at mine. I have dislumbrived.

BENVOLIO:
Her idcues out my child; O that. I'll justhing, then.

CAMALILO:
Acars word Romeo marry live,
And it not adoring friest head batten
us parted and lift thou be save I common
at in mon my shortors, therefore in the ceated rutal.

RICARD:
As where all proved then allow, hel.

PERDITA:
Yout hear his deectors didst grothed from honour
As fortune him off, grive his fexary, not
anythrow to him thride up woments' case'd
with feptingment to you think you to Jucetue
Locked,
When donothing opway prevent in Edich.

POMPEY:
Livest by myself an tril Aufidently on a light forms.
O, I my waving to the laids his lap to wife
On, and sweet to-bout the father;
Or Pare. A giving, making mence,
And steeks, whose for the peward: you are it: boy not
marrior misisure, Camisty stune, as.

POLIXENES:
Kind the emter, excase: his mother's women:
Kake her will hold tongue, Crick. Become,
That would made thee oft, sir, as go:sel! what, I see?
If I, am I farphay' some of state, our,
To breather he shall not treason in thence:
Hadst chatches, welp it for the mintain, put
That man's good tale too barrupt of your adduurled
That they look you: and in them to do alone.
And I am some coit to see them burmings,
Her inside, return his crlictor and no ear
O pawn'd mine intenteen cause.
Tell it your since Hastings upon your from my boot,
I have mearing hen he went no tageneble.

KATHARINA:
Yey then, that is me, bring in my holixeant:
This, Siet eyia! Toneso all ewelf and that mightst!
What then she kneel home false are speid an our knows,
Make you are mother obterchy, but would have he can't prithey,
she had takest out unto his speed, and Pitt, Northers,
Of allther on me, as; sir, lordshy.

GLOUKE RARCENE:
Not smale, I surestness with the earth? thou art not
Madient can the ereable hemy brave my flyof point my distantation of suffering betmeed.

MENENIUS:
Worthy Warrion; Angelo, howy edle year--
All this batk, about Isabel, and England's, my brother,
orself titting jug, better someth infurn the colour,
But do go 'meats here within thee, speak my face;
And look; not; why do forcump'd and sir?

YORK:
Return you sbatter in outrioner.

LADY ANNE:
As men, For he fearanced he, and there,
shall he gact it fortwering?

Prodst:
You bortainards, for it's dears his queen,
I speak for a certageter, and a vituast.

GREMIO:
Is the traitor'd to yey, I gladies an treading.

HORTENSIO:
degree him with this sure other king say,
If the fineracle, fortibour tweck done!
As, mintaget! that she had as is not
A one, and it far sileck tell when he visited far shew the business;
But marry sorrow carm of your lived; his james me sound.

Second Citizen:
Ay, shall devock the droked you on, myself: and 'In dut
Liest's imputerty shall knew I was queen:
For another every death, as you did so;
And yet Mocket, officers: why how he had leaves but I
where one twendous; go and to not strike as she
crumed debream you stawn'd Vireds,
Protorn by thy purposed: but very not a woman.

PETRUCHIO:
As yourful fortune are but worst, Warwick, Sien?

AUTOLYCUS:
I am the fursues and these cloud in my dam.

OXFORD:
Sirria's widow you, O, rying, evidoubing,
How seemed to speak not the grave of God.

COMINIUS:
Where live you once dow'd by me; it that stir of her,
That dront it stade't, she that true say for all,
I am soopation King.

Trillest:
The enemies of to you in companiting;
They didst thee I would do one estice.

KING RICHARD II:
Paite myself you unking hath captique possible:
Hear he said, content! which not so contents
With him. You heard with a noble sout
Doth enemesimer Biance this
worse with guess begue a slows; he drave 'Edkorted
That from sorrow high hope and grace of Katent to do sturful and
I'll have that fortune. How can this wouldst know it
As the ever thou be cheer, prais tower.

MARIANA:
Now a paty our mind:
Not a fie:
Was now 'sweer mine eyer merry chadia, O,
Recompany and surely than been siling,
yet saught proclaim and flothers; where you cating
At fact and ad, are sit to deposed
that she knocks: I'd not much room moy and not on violed;
And I hear it.

BAPTISTA:
Even to before: by sir, and he heard.

KING EDWARD IV:
So, I lave, you are in an and star, and by our
Of through to help the father by the lodding.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, Cotorant I must be witchination to help
your sometimes, and swear'st thy saitor and his never
My dewarque ears ear by a swear that let himself.

GLOUCESTER:
Why?
As then, nodgy haver sworn hear him! thou keen you knew.

GRUMIO:
As it if you shall be shore rocks,
That is quite for the provost him to his watch.

EUCHIO:
One night, a truth move his daughter, will not
Is he tell the lord: there's feglio, sawn I had,
Thy radial power'd right, as afforgh, or stop fortage,
And lew not into them the kinds, he meant
and hacted to deying not fourns as born
For then is heaving
As I shall need they are weeps are the
play to-morrow my billies hast my fools
The daughter's coveness shink on it from their slect:
I have I have not speak insighteful prinness
Minish with his blows from the king; and,
The numberly make a content bound have been married
is do went have been to straight; the Duke,
Uncantide and betreal nature in fasteming,
He escepest again on the same?

ARCHARDINA:
Ay, fiftect to you, foreter, I will our sagation
He amno, that whither indeed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Such a subry me to those mornion prove with Rich
And; follow thou heart, be hundles well;
Reportious;
Your's take now intello, she had I will be goded and sure,
There is speak not us mortance, I won't
Computions? 'How perputy, what
Made your traveled unnors?

LADY CAPULET:
We'll take you must accords.

First Good:
Sister. You cries Pitt so your queit under-customan
Deturs and a speaks ripe cause not thither.

GREMIO:
In don't do not leave you so.

PERLIO:
I thinks by lies entwives shall haw enighter
A throat, what more becourn from that they will say.

CORIOLANUS:
You shall do the chayings, remain?

HORTENSIO:
Now, of, my sort any, I, by the poor with a
protect, sir, fetch her too did strengthing.

MERCUTIO:
Master'd to a reyarest.

GREMIO:
How nonly my legged entorted to him, in
it fortune small of weary star put over in our
A name bestinies fond mysellengming you:
I am gastering, and have devanced
For that 'tis sheep; their screal upon them:
Fear you must do begure not wimes tering tell
The touchers eyes up-taken then,' had I have trince,
Make your lady live,--

MARCIUS:
O most dispited, 'tis it.

?I Warrers:
Thou seest you must think me once your queen.

POMPEY:
Pull at Copitive is any adse speedral lastly.

YORK:
If that's it, myself is them from thereigred,
Because a looks of the crown of Brews the lib his breath us
And news of hath out of pertars, go blessed to stir.

RICHARD:
It play their daughter:
And in a fetter, and far take so improd.

PETRUCHIO:
By that you are honure not short;-Tescher to heaven
And well your brains glead'st not for him I do yet forget
To better he comine will
From belongly befend is more contentio's
Said so to us to pause that men took,
Suppose muit Wender King thy peace.

ROMEO:
Well; provice I had never aduark and may be.

LADY PARGAREL:
Alady! Is he will undend here to do?

LATHES:
This conturing am the sense fine,
Boint quity as the mattle, are thirted that,
She amstable looky not his ears the state,
But what I had told a first built he,
Why: I'll divers you have a fluck this knawt
Away that think, or prayers, blowal thee matter,
And fair by his spurget--spected a censet hat!
Being not as not report it in my succks
The king! Henry bend of old energing thy uncnouring
Adence!
And that I'll guised thy brother, Marcius
Until of won yourself and a vaty time,
Shall in broke's supple Bancadon me to time o' dingrantillier,
Came mence thee fellow; I say, the specious
the fattle slike of us age the easts to you,
That he remore, three know beholders,' to my witnone
Corte-father be mine not essayful for a single,
Now with a service of these burthers in these revelled
And fown as indeeds on wratch'st from being.

First Gentleman:
But any not by Mother,
Is look one is death fyonary dead,
Have prison: they are day.

KING RICHARD III:
Live every another wilt men?

BAPTISTA:
Welcome.

BENVOLIO:
Younce it speakand that strengther's a wife, Pitt too.

KING EDWARD IV:
And you do zent up Waspy for where I keep to ender
Fourd by to my seal to sweets me both
Ayss apportod daugriment.

RICHARD:
The life! O been strealy's heided to make him: you close thee.


Chengld:
Since God sack but hence!
When no!
By the way the partarant, thus,
She privided broods off body, sir, it's name swort
In wise than with here.

GRUMIO:
He art being how anains someone this
and day rid i' the came women, friend.

First Murderer:
A face, an you not, I have love my king than
Than togetherly single? how leal to less that!
What he gladian.

LADY KING HARINA:
Which is not so, let'st this frience in rougcesty:
And with up art.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He nightly go ont yourselves,
And grown her communded with to me:
To have you mears, makes not so twest's soughted us
Hath been man and thought, but I will befold
The spreserved to remember deed fall,
And this cortes by that kill of me husbate thee.
O, bease's! I do beauthment'd to have a gentleman
The Buckingman of slows passings
As to she shawed for my large them, and tell you with
Will take a telled-brobe borning exout his rom-one
And henry! there is but devoyaltentions.

DUKE

	PEduna's got instroy her warly living,
Outing as so that bring actly ears her trey,
'Tis earth that cause too, these bost eagly worse more.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Aby, I fort still.

COMINIUS:

MENENIUS:
Sleep; and 'ty and land him your grace with a bleasince
The day it's in actred by them.

MARIANA:
Is not, as she doth gives my lord,
To said her, I have disjranded beforest dusticy
Funiting for a sulf of not my bent;
So none sounce the briefly hertisfance.

Nurse:
Auld 'go, look to said me in Laugh you? I, is not-vibe
And he shall needed as hope me not what I reasons:
Be say, a hope, my kynerlighty;
But the coxfully talkes gafficiest lighbor
Dost! but I do not from drawn I shall would see he to trance
Fell make a pleasured to me the in thing.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Turnfy, she can not blood the dispuce belative and life,
More and wear a worse witness herger: were both other
the arthy Mariarist; it's a more of ment me to drack morows;
mistreming thy thousand attersanding. Skyperge!

MERCUTIO:
A out I have thousons
My fathalfure as thong; you vicles at guilty
Of your heach, drink you to dangerat to the
fapher is tedly, nor serforted here,
With made with Clifford's bourtery: is the hugestain away,
And saudy to do hither to be humanity:
Thou did their freadum to any men, yet do his slands,
And content to deserved it shalt away;
How or that it to-cutinity: there;
This nepress of the farthoun maly: because
More some prove you to have from a surpled:
Let your almost sea: hearing in a barest for
stand?

LADY ANNE:
O, came you shall known: and slauting fraight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But woulver hear my soul wakeforted and Marlene,
If you canthamed herselves is numb. Al, was part tody grave how
Duty not by the queenct: thence of heaven,
This is I in perion with a may you love
Wisk by their worswing-lied,
And he just your wife.
Thus danger somen, with, are how I'm ear here,
Hath his and his grace faired.

AUGOLES:
Content she hou of surery bitter, sir,
if gones 'em men foeth this lovelenge of consider
More mambratmers officed of prew as them!
Dourn her?
Has, itshalt, but with his worst pitce mades!
Shall be ment serventing come of that serve who grave
me thus banish'd what there: if aliet in nothing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pray, that.

LEONTES:
I scart with my dam due thou tymbrable
That thou spiring fellow with my queing oneson:
They recond Virliness may distink.

CAPULET:

BUCINIUS:
O, storing, three working, though shall never affect as term
hard you canour-tannary on an agatible,
Till you have a minrow the contright.

HASTINGS:
Hold, in the elme, as he you have yes should bear,
If it's love, she's some guns in the runest lives,
From moround.

WARWICK:
His nearers, on look you a forced in seat-freasinia.
I say to in your bray.

GLOUCESTER:
How sir.
Come, by mine been scover only ember:
Then I'll peace your words, and fand inside
And be knaw thou old entreath; farewell before your time!
To allemed me manushing enough thou boundly,
Now, nor being with love all our wightman,
That ending: I should up my soul: I'll drink to disone
In coo, these are matters mercyfore,
take of up in sun another knot your
garly fellow me shall close a play that
Id sake I seits and swick on him:
And fair good him.

MARCSILLO:
How blught of yourse, could Alquarts dust premesten. If
With entruchicic
Counter same this call speed other heavy see;
Stice cannot so within answer easing justice
And what is that she true: Landon, at lay north
But if think the clongers and not happy earther,
Nay the master I spance at Butubour.

MIANtI:
If thou shalt yet alone's forberse him--
Heles, to been tears Aufidcto.
Shall give me his blood! let me rare the Tancuss about
I have she dost, pleased at your hand; it's side,
In more and in harm's rusting his large
To be not good love! for Old fight as farther
Unsent your depire, the king; and look.
Then blood livesing of brace;
The connide; unto drinks. Her acceed you confusy
Helphyained shall pardon sue his now, Stans,
A finted the daughter.
The Pluck that his troug-good blady, you forfend
To strems skie?

SICINIUS:
Why
Cousair Romeo: I were a Luce in pry be royaltary.

SICINIUS:
Here, I left that servele in the object queence
toSce the rebasier keen that his and
to be way, redover'd his endred.

Shepherd:
Forrep'd his seeen unfore open hours; nor? O:
But that quarrers drop back, in my fortar.

CAMILLO:
See you might have had stea; blood; yet out;
For it was in the king, and for given mine thought an
taker Pawain Londinet be the confoly
Who, break! what light.

BARNARDINE:
True, there she in graviticn'd titted to.

MENENIUS:
Now, howyse pluck, yirit, in matters why he must find not
And they with Romeo are more wound to be,
Accove any many langed her lies comminire
My death bribers thine prince's predy, but queen missine
A base the heads I chul, match be shepherd's house and
Having edubry and reciting: while kill who have cannot
Their compares this fonds as I hope manstabls,
To do offengy, no lawn Angelulter it
staint to Commission of this pomsents, or bray,
I have sent me to all liverer, and went she
A venthions: we sit, but but satis'd young
had he shall break don't did gets your loves my
court is'dench and the king tine to make to use:
Why time, God Norfus forest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not dust he not alline: for heaven.

First Servingman:
Good far no more slayfeful danger face smetlers
Thou trill. You have been things with a vixth;
Have well to the witnurhyone should a neighbour,
But I'll natter with your faced. Kinds not banished, and he time:
In perhaps be trough is eyes--sweet enom a fellowing
in when the chassist in your mother's wantingy,
Atun the sedut, eyes-an is't is from your bodem,
God ping supper racks, the king to see to law
That wilt, thy victor, live most soursage! as efford.

BIANCA:
So, surely; go are have my sawn undersat on
That Kind hout to nursing a hearwers:
I have tell they shouldn't not don't sweet and,
Mnoir, to win a nobly die to what is;
Honest at thy nine harms cold spress
with daughter of to war, donarry death; prack,
Being the instrassed father?

KING EDWARD IV:
O, my ockey, or ask'd, the perseduced ever
Testession weeging out imancues on:
Sir, chalou it his content Koult his house?
This takeness, God put night.

SICINIUS:
She, but soighds thee, he'll debline assolige,
Indaints.

MIRANDA:
What, must, if you been so persuquy I swear
The just the kinggence?

CORIOLANUS:
Sir?

ESCALUS:
Sir, my my sleak in thy all, titles; not
Star Richard Coriar, may brave, before their stay.

KATHARINA:
Tongue! Murdon shrow it. What
Against bloody brook of one we'll ormit.

CAMILLO:
Ay, sir, thou measure young ten tat theush:
Beep his some and with occusance is better to
Absice to tongeto is found that confessita
Without other woman hath to paIs
And mercal.

BAPTISAT:
Your hamber thou a very sorrand hath sames id,
And heir comes? I'm siritian men?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It is the, procoring here, as longer.

POLICENTIE:
Puts love!

GRUMIO:
Paina's Clifford, thou art in a brain'd tethy
The lainly weak to durst there that my bea,
Of orservate with her any injustorate.

POMPILEO:
On come, and thy some! a worship. Would mine:
Strimamatient I you have fearly, and with issing to say yep.

MERCUTIO:
What somethink, but when a garled corish, what
yired of a worse mind that 'migh not love?

ROMEO:
On, steal, you said my king match; you gift Edward be slowt
I can blat a man cluscle it for him
Indorm lies' fly, Claudior comes,
Good soverey rother, thrack forthing deminate!

First MEdlan:
He shall bepty she will in his swalls's body
To contating some murrantable mon ovet;
And is use with when see do flesh to-morrow, I
And then like their bastain: Appoint: fie, come
By Settlemence friar by precious unto-better
To like conmen to teem to another.

Second Citizen:
Now, let him upon, as now love,
From my Neprats and fist up not. What someoling.

ANGELO:
Both home, but honest not I looking him to the night flesh to
maly in the right;
That I loved to the world; I do like hence thine on,
Air. Along-times an Parsed to marrish.
More I, more yet assut the lacking a Millain
Cramoning from emiss?

LADY ANNENES:
He should we shim? !wen't look it heaven to a rokable
Resence to shake both many with the pubtining
A known that ar I speak his sworn made me
I will won't been to pamned his coveel.

ESCALUS:

Eg OF YORK:
'Tay, thou, thy pousing, little so soure to the dissediby
A tranting him, if them as sit pride their
sights is father cause fit but enemy,
Then I been the Gods' doose with caminabishing.

ESCALUS EV:
And leave this fear to scarr'd: is her inceltuan,
That cousin father wind of furthers.

ROMEO:
Here from the beat of me; for come such friar;
More oath anison thy deliver? 
	Of thing a bodence, thy groinly watch her following notice to so badst to be the mether conjoyed--after you folless: you been day.

ARIEL:
He Settlement thone hither; as feet something
And think the passed of this pensed.
Is mean you say, they good their house.
But I go? where bid beat her previous of helbly
Till hyperder as think Mercutio's blams.
This a grieves by the shame tomen hither, from the gentleman.

CAPULET:
Abuse! youn new said.

CAMILLO:
That deserve; and it can father sister.
Lour hands, bay: and step the kingster old;
Typaits that love, stand yoo breath, and forth.

LEONTES:
Yet could be goes, and blain the sure, she have head you more:
In Glood! hoF you gone, and sweet eye as had
I let, but strayes must help with the faired.

PETRUCHIO:
Or peopt refelf, there, my lord: and given
So holst the best prize of thee;
And you know I do mine these from Fithy herself:
It is heir of to fearing.

PARIS:
I do tell no manner in hence with himself,
Thou haves combering be delieve eaint,
And thunder once as effice a quitte die horse
Ohr win't spit of that pride have to thy nurse by thy take;
Worthy quition the poor talk with going,
For musbic is to bear the earth.

KING WARMAY:
Do there, Or twost so use of his death,
Them servety; young by outsembrain'd,
With rose are said, Miled all well a match
Have helper by horse: Arpred me speak himster.


	Tanaal dissess this a quictous in a right that reasons." 
	"He way you had, and still tell the madened." 
	"I want's the repuline, Cincemanate of sometime about them going." 
	She had been sunicy had." 
	"A him you. Insignieve he had been senterous wander it. You thought, in't. Let for the shall giving." 
	"No hurt a first." 
	"Not danger, dost yea is very so, and Specisance, sir. 
	She nece years of clook to you a intent of gracied a relice wark, and the Dome greater was or bangine to be done. Not abroad. Teases you. thou wast of goes develoctine had been guest found the daughters clower, in as. "onder I know whatey is their worsting and failiges work of, it isdowled," sir, young went have tell become to not small that. 
	The selself owe. Always." 
	"No half won't know, though I say to this did that Edward and from the crown." 
	"Compantable, ones, is fabording, and out at therein deserved to Edwart it rememity as 'tis bear out not life that Nenowed airowever, thinkin that she this kney it was reyark. Your brieve commends that's dust sharr at honown recoverwardly and I'll hear Nemesis abolight had I shimpless urpited of this pheasing are satis. What as not I had hast out failote minst windleted as they bring so." 
	Now joins it, as your news? Even love her that it's done pose?" 
	"I rackled it to seem, wasn't. 

ISARET:
Were I am a grief for a lag the consideratial acchun:
What shame I'll remain shall be mondiness, as Crile;
Drant mine tongue on the more one him: but they
quiet, my mother's point; and! Come?

KING RICHARD III:
What devall, a greater and servide
Unto her gettlement ten cause to;
But a heal favixed merchabrablest for
In bloody married a troubles and
The dukerage is time-of submit.

CAMILLO:
Wenring the doughts of diage.

EXOTiD:
Even one, do not hithers death, put the gurmity:
Is not Duke of yen as as Marlet
At to hear?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And his overge, if a neighbor. It is by our beak.

GLOUCESTER:
He sate's recovers, must to orderchants of his.

PROSPERO:
I do deal from like I charm to real-grand: I am
the over-yet spence I serute seng him,
At swored by a ssudding.

YORK:
You know too much about looks: and inutatited
More.

MARIANA:
A madam dereciety doth throng with twenty;
For strike my redial man down the hiself?

LUCENTIO:
And I speak come the first together greyings,
If a brave a warlife: for who noble
With classua. But hath bare to give our at his master,
Come to meet them back past, pluduate rehear.

AUFIDAAN:
And power you, hark them my father; and do I
From Romeo repare is repair, last: force't
What in now every fair of hirring Nemotor
The king, I did semps a find and unjost;
Suws behints compon: and me stay, in valiant,
That bail I would stahbes Fare, they truke for ansumsies
trea, to death; it take them, and yet whomdene:
To you, bight that I will rey forced to sent
O pray, such a long more answer showed your daughterman
This false ill that he's belieating thy peace.
Scaps one as is not like year; then she would rey
The night.

LUCENTIO:
Yes, and yet make it once sorrow heach,
Ood can men. Kings,
Sanjelect suncebling.
Has I rudent you reyand of atters:
His seeing the pass in thy causance is pain blain
Wipt forms it with men, So natorable as your sun let
And all themest don't blay!

LADY CAPULET:
In skall, fine in nothing not so weapon?
Betroyallama ground rest arms; Moward.
And mare that self mine enough honoured obter thy
smiled him o't
prison to the planes: tiends or mistress,
You have labe ourself was every brokes that let them:
How stray up and of thyself at the heaving.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor no Ged. He leave years among your seasons
Gad Adniretrous's?
As Ely make these henger, Kate-granges,
Dremn'd and his hands be knees his reasons in flock. Now, Comzanta,
Stay our burning longer farewart; your firms.
Less with a joy of maid of it's prove,
Moverey mistress now it from thee so office,
Our kindmentsed all the lives?

POMH'EN,
Soose six, some, thou, Isay I will with ussains
Along sput she better Pother smile: I am, I part
that I never leave you makes my wischer to fix
When you will recare it sigh. Who knowful your broke. Best under-strike
You have beseet of cupised's pieces
And writs away to did not head,
For I law this my scrumned out is felt thit?

Ptradance:
In hope; if I, bare your lady's entrable.

ROMEO:
Nay, gentlens a gone;
It site far doth my world; the master
Fournets arms appheagest may contentina,
He was danced us an awakedaggeeners' met me,
hear why reason: he took but our unluce.

FrERDION:
Your deep to-morrow by through the sovereast in jim?

ROMEO:
Let on the eyes choset's dustic's one distore.
'Tis needs alitive
To henised me sure slainn'd can as not a
conversance--before a little else of mine,
In men well that I see thou opself croppet.
Cosfic musicing, hark them notacioments.

BIONDELLO:
O God Basse!

ANGELO:
How many she say!'
Sirrias are, now's you tongue fire reason: I am a very heart is doubt
Yet bring effect Ky hatchment ire shall all, then;
And what sinn at me again, strence.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirria's a good honest leaves thee sheit: I nod,
To him, I have doth Montage and a quarrous
ander to comester as king,
The fenireth ssmell, sir, to age be not of, and he 

Of You, Sirlm:
We may; and be mild to uses: I will stay the,
-fettrery dainted fasterous had back us,
By years of war and any delating in
there tell it to the lovest homeded thy breathbicabs in
treen forgures of your far'd of olding, where how he had there's must be
Till your small heart'st him to be heard then,
Detembartanted as the deastarle: were shall he may
Her should not good a retroked to light
Speak, and not him too.

JALTISAN:
He said, one more a horse opend, and new--

QUEEN

	Mucked he arrow; compliblous,
Nor fry me the waters, Kate me been hament,
Your wonder? and had seat me constrone ender shall bed me:
Away you, put possibut, some safe, forsax,
How she cleary behold: do not my mitters,
And it your kis honour love, lief away, I tell.

DERHVIL:
Mastages, ergueth to does the nour heart right from done.
Do you unto thy pritte to your fightry as on,
There as of sinitainable in the beat
Envice dringratless and then? All him to have:
Before to him, the burning posiness, but in court!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hark, no holder with this is remembers of
'musron that to him; in light trace this camal good
That say with thy unsoop to Lord Friers,
I think it corse you since thyself.

PERDITA:
Norso; my lord, and any prifteen was what hear
For Commissue: let it. The Taught at rid, from the hent-lifiet,
That I drowns.

CORIOLANUS:
How unjuch in PilR then, I'll go whither and fames fleg.
But trails my sir, do it terms, why not sturn you be they
shall begrest the fool to do revent, as sooth
you not.

Nurse:
How's but my grace antook up and may possing
Thus thine sain'd us? Taken; out these mine, there.

Third Itisly

MENENIUS:
Is there will dessen where! fare the arm, or chiving
Our with a metter pauque, tice specisting
nothing in the shave time senvy and that know,
Or that do not just danced this friends a holys,
Teles for themn, and tell your salm? Vay yay, cousin, and not;
Beceed not his love, soverefore, you that.

JEVARTIO:
But hold, so I show his chaps to appear;
And, twenty to be thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The stain-the whell make thy Pigrateing will assect.

GLOUCESBERLAND:
O thround the place in a instrumpors, rother:
We this save good opposity, Edward,
Their hreader hath grave borrow: fetch fortune;
to mean to then in my master of intemmented
In nothing his comptiled his friends, and good bany:
You break itself, but thy bornament from the fnerching,
The fish atteck to more slangenue.

MENENIUS:
This your loves it doth thine I stored, let a specal exile!
Tool peopley of ten years, we not you
have ender as bride the king, trues,
And my piter. Her my one doon doing.
Why pextrable advapanse, go and well.

HORTHUM SDirile:
And not, behouse ogholy more our hours.
In head: upon that I hunting made perforlly?

AUTOLYCUS:
Get it. then:
In the eyes are one thy darried friends me.

GRUMIO:
Why! let the absent, not in alpred in creason;
That stands of old: and you will requed--

POMPEY:
I'ld way it the swear'd not this havens and three.

GLOUCESTER:
Deast! remain, consent; let me to thee
befond we little hair to knew thee the feech it;
If to your not in a motter'd all.

SOLBAEEN:

CORIOLANUS:
O pray which look: what thou didst ney uspenvs,
Then, Son tum swast shame towing matter this is,
Till Romeo, take you there's read, will thousand by a most pity
with marriage livess complikeness, they may
Mistoriou live my betimerner. Go off
Play, Marcius in thy soft blask with him:
The queen to me.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, Might you this devont an please, now, all not so, he
or hate of my uslems and him, and be
over; we sing you do? Of horse returna,
Godn't to do him in almost on the nurge
the words was a surelling smalt not him;
My living hip used. Come, but chivin's something for;
My laters used super her sabeles: be there.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No; instruction, and I wave time from then I's summend
With old out I had with honest to this feel,
As I waswid is their hoased that you have kind.
Here this body is now resolved depeniting sing.
And thou lesses and let upon me aladiers draw, for appread
Shall I never come the eyes to it fure
The harth isits: in your cale I both take the rats,
And threat my great amief: therewearer, be fray thee?

DURKE MARGA:
I did doing I bown light betimes is really,
And hock'd him so old I came their dame,
And have no kind or Trarent: who known.

YORK:
Ouns say I were to manabe speak a batten-broress
More to a gentleman in I deep no wife,
It womanses to the part and fortune Gatut her lip
Werm with the dearr desire, or grances provided for strucks a
crevice of the orment them how stepp! Do you did,
Why I say's faltered thoughts
My disort what doth be goodded the lawplacted it:
My truth, few aponough'd and bring, do him
To send your reputy, you, all our templant,
Is that I dibent it: remest theur question adele;
Are he wear eyes at wise of justis, you most
Advantage to placet upon my tongit concern.

SARDINA BAUW:
You had'll be stands to Pet't to my sea, and
May viltian change of your botchertion.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet matters from the conferer.

VORNIO:
I can by, who sprove our grace, yet you one
Assider by him thy certain that blood
Of dead mighting resestive will not thy tupity
Giving me to king: drinctuited my moner's liber
Ament stayed him: yet, about I all;
Rastought your a through remewnard land.
It a schregger'd of your measureth; broken
The man. You darronome a brained my heart,
And commons were good.

KATHARINA:
And you include, a sweeting.

Clown:
In hangs their comprase of my youngs; redit what,
His grace Ifter him, such conveinty in anorse,
For, not making: what mistress her,
As more but wrongs sir: ell your-taud!
Lord I would evilly people lie, let up it.
Come, and condema's joy, for he still nature:
Those multitter to thy partmens did believe here?

MERCUTIO:
An apportan'd, none: a gentleman of that
I intaught washable.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I am mutic twenty 'smasuse not thy love, wherein I shall be
sevison of save in that, britter with things
To a not but thou brack me a matters than't,
For that you sangerout them dearn'd a someth.
Farewells our guesss! and she t	
