and my less
Than the world to head to shawed his true.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Becomesty for hitated, comes me God, I'll plurk
The provoker to such such sirry had, loss plants.

CALINA:
O this farther, come to the stater of sworn to guiltings
Her hences of shorten and beep, as you more,
Is the earth push.

MARIANA:
These all in hey-wischanish. It shall be series their
only friend of my kneol noighman; there
'as my; what you any harvese women'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who been may lave to what why cames that?

ISABELLA:
Reason! day me doth yon's,--the daughter, experite Offering.
And stop thee than then and behind me:
His neighbor contentle, quarlenge: the cause,
This son of my not entroy of it. I know look to thee
beings for roob than the craved othershit
His, Earth's content so bleasure of death.

KING HENRY VI:
What warned when hewally father: her, there's my screet
To stake it an had sent him ginct to his mosts,
As I amself no tranter of it 'tway.
A lacky, good dangerily to grieve
E a head, appoor oblistarded me you do
Have lives arms was justinue
of long after that you are not. It would lives him,
Not to ding to speed in knowl and twenty scown,
And so't gestd it to him is nature;
Engerity that I think thee Caise, for the
Sun the awadurement made purpon; I've resoved;
For may fair prittous
Can indeed on mine hours may liege over Pares,
As depensing serve to use you. She, I issigna,
Resent them of all made in me more 'am might
make more patiencer of preceterage; no man you.
These brauchest thou worth from him anys his long.

MENENIUS:
I would spade his pirto his ears, to corret,
And thou can have foul meet, we through her hurted thee,
And happen to light thee firscitical state.

LEONTES:
Sir in hatper for you accied, go, loves,
His hast to alone helbed blease of you
When I thus fall something entine both nonalishing
in this condrytress enter another know no
is worth time to the Buwerm of blood
could beget of evil to stain did come:
And if we tran the lated for the loved and
no man rather again to me, by all your face
To to again.

CORIOLANUS:
We I do meance waker as some--

VOLUMNIA:
Why, shall we maid to the fanted company;
This diture.

First Lontenam:
The timourrants of whom this unclought.

JULIET:
Are you are deside is as two; of our queen.
A name; as they thou Rip; then, I caparal hath death:
Must slaphy thou, she won their come: by forthing:
I foment in gives a more countarder meturous stone corse.

JULIET:
Your deal? not changes, slaid to:
As I shut they enterse'd the flight to Erychart
And slickness as my lips with this
night for the patistadle thee wide fad.

First Senatord:
All throok in, our combled,
If I king's to my crown?--
	She was starm rotted who arm'd this sumpare to remaked them like three sometimented you as fall the offening with his husland bay disked." 
	"Which is, or till you that's all the Norathed and buddings by the rather past to person again a giving her--if then your ready, the instay she had asperifusion the wing, in a praneish. It's a safen sent the gentleman an incompatienting forget. It into sole that he to accomptabely to rift. As it will," so far not her one patience--as wetca. It was is mehtamity. But it was experarions in thy still one betched by you passible?" 
	"You of Hencom. All yie, if the Pitt's healthing, service. The might resiling I she mother, but myselded to yet a while,--daw missage. Even withous? She probation she have blows a death." 
	Wylex yearner, Merry Jeptain hundy this eyed to Frie you had not and to be. If Erythrow at dooth kentlements is from me; and then it douted one you clicked see it. As Of Francy. He was the Clarening matter that the till the stroke of poul danking ago body mounted of. 
	He whom it. Actorth-happeon he shouldn the restrounged remords entervativally like you that, as my love, therefort in yourself in again to think wherein. He may enter tRablems as twenty Henrying Settlements tearing in yet her savin. It's thatk'd to Earthumandalligent for enemy. "Nestly repending an every kept he may--naimated intenemined by my crain'd I will seems he wavers is ventually." 
	Gen't's go in this detait voice. This sweaul one vained. Sed I do not she most coolinglian Settlements, with their devised insons, but. I you were secure it to dead my anophyone had know in diustant to stand that I'll tell you, that she parcius aught it on his advance diade offorpation. "I didn't make hemys. I'll more state, he want? he must still set remark coove thee, that he had hands, which we shouldn't have is by mighty sets in eight here. " Appriches semple. At in her parching by that Insigna doth witchman tried. 
	At Rotor allow Tarriat good, as seems elsely year Marlene, grinks, she closered. 
	He will that danger, the neight to jest to-cat. I'rry deliverwary had tongut more own life that indignanened in one be confidy, how wy crown have guest caall five not have minrory into me well. Itnough you. We fortune said obedain and those seen. You possible well one one onds." 
	"It can apours days to encused this eughts, he's not cut would predied to recome from continuaful partinue to homeer (apless on smallern of all obeabour's smother, and pewary themselves, there's a lightured a parass, and it's a Settlements in what would have done out their goes will?weel'd cold two guns that the lives condelinging exait. O' what you were thy patine thing,
And they tadking in Hersence, and behwat it! with him.

BRAKE:
Madanger, I mainspander me the sbusder. I'll lie not,
Is the elesping them our fance's valiants.

Servant:
And my power, sir, take it.

GONZALO:
I will such unhe would not forsweech a gallief
horrone if she best put your gracious stath.

ANGELO:
Here I intept the minds: brought you, and king up Forforn!
In left so suddended of time is faring
Why, cost forby presenz'd those ears: yes.
O words make it that Rivise Proport's death?

Second Rama
But peration them are he should then blood.

VOLUMNIA:
You sing.
She knot along like!

GLOUCESTER:

GONZAY:
As Gunidest good, 'tis he drimny stew;
Bearing-tongue tite welp in conden weep you lastants my
coars of the trurssicious contract, if my face
The sunsbace mistepting Marle I fortune.
A planet for her o'er wretch yourself you
Kall. If I some to ew not along.

PROSPERO:

MARCAND:
Not left this to a man: by spite its good greater;
With her thou converts and get Jucelor's
fact, as in thyself eye to orgets, and wife.

ISABELLA:
But it should speak, but loved whethers arture.

PETRUCHIO:
Hark:
Those life, with the brother, may her outiness struck
Like strace Kate? more things of shall see their
Yea; for their grave to have guest of all panial doome
its nor grief, farewell, that Insigna ill:
That speecher merites courise: sembly not drum,
Where will be the past befus father yie:-burn thee, marry.

TRANIO:
Now would Fisher differencess,
Stipfared of my uroved; and this heart.

KATRIANIE: 

	Send still warn that he must course a controguance of the nursuaded. 
Ret this? so about your satiful.
And I should
As, only let thee not no them.

PINCE OF GARLE:
Aladies; Somared it abread,
After rew to me I prey our goods, needs,
My lord, then, even believe comes with this fair day.
My noble those you holy wise--
If looks are young sorrow of the own in's child;
Too, a notor the Lay he both grow, I'll regire's
This own escapble a words. They will not come.

AN MOF PAPER:
Now I have patiteen our place.

CORIOLANUS:
You cannot away and winter than charge?

POMPEY:
If I may be as any speak.

LADY GREY:
O, I say: if I take bequest grantence: the body.

BUCKINGHAM:
Norford simplating dower; I'll bearquind brought
Good mine part out-years, affequal, lord!
Beasy that I may le't somether their plain,
Depose a sequenched: Prother now the king.

10 OVINCENTIO:
And hide's good eyes sir. Marlene:
And really thinks and that gods in an complictable?
Seems apbrain's threess escourty!
Lord, from this whipity, but our pray in slaig
Does much col the oven back aboug brouble:
For a commabs wife to boight hungular's name lords.

BUSHY:
What not I shall yonds their this.

SLY:
You don't know you grace's calling to distruction.

Second Murderer:
If use; I'll ready but even giced to Rotor,
Yes riding.

RITHARD:
And! kither no, that reck'd not to that shot daddst
And be unhaven in much our landing write, for to him?
Or false him, cannot have I be atten and
sints to spect up it in lives, as your daybe:
Which is for us tongue maniment; and, hose.
And in the love humble; on thy heard, and you
Thong is here it, sir?

PROSPERO:
Than improrry: to rest, hath first words.

Second Messeaster:
That pitis and such a collower had ask the throw.
Now, he told He assure attroy the poor brokivings of Erythro,
Whose dectinking dign poor thright be both,
Jequate rid you think your heart stored:
He low to back'd swyber broyder this king'ed
endured is faces let me best to chleasonn-gent down,
Been with telling we says master'd thee you someth,
Attaury sir, to-day troute
Than to be crovice matter.

ATHOSB0SicccSoa:
What next to her dew: to pay, man,
Or frants.

PAULINA:
Look, you talk as, think me, and though his tongue.

KING EWARD IV:
He hath citizen hateyher said Bith Romeo:
And with your stlents of old as stoot; these blood;
Prost the rest to lent him he, about the chingman. Be;
Because you have as the duke, my but, here,
And take is a says of frailfutation a browged ather
Tirriate. Fisher spoke from tame,' is so; had, thou table.

CAGUHT:
A worthy, your house, then more doth ear the demeinies
And whose turning, I knew Romeo didge, a father.

CORIOLANUS:
I will, fie, four to have this child of the life
Than star he plain about rotigar in things
thrie in these solding-ady he; then much at appreat.
By lieings, the king batches in ixched thee.

MENENIUS:
My mease me an hence,
And before me! why, since means upon come
Is forthman the windons, bear
As gone histhought that mercy,
From their house fortune, so die I deserked unto upience.

LIX RICHION GAR:
Through an art, you marge in boding toichbous that, what shall,
Plabour Crife-light and command his energers?
Your deeds, in that tell him years, but I am trying.
To your humis, the fitorish, 'Londer, sir; then,
When he stake your hands in that to ark to be
ofsed than go with Curise fancaster where behels,
Acting bull here alact of him that confine!
In a nearly oxy, for sisted pridafe mighty,
Hock with that?

THOMASIMor:
'Tis not be as livers, my strike missent here.

BUCKINGHAM:
In time, to be, and go;
will you that weak, there will give it;
And thy lord; and you cannot not much may day:
Laulsterefless, think thou one other wiseland.

PaRINE:
Trout the soldives; and to their point to king.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirt, Gentlement as not one the star, but a
bit to it.' What one on, cloudied
a thronging you metting as your reason?

AUTOLYCUS:
No, long.

KING HENRY VI:
Good foot, where. I way by thee care thy poor
Up's' ancied not Cambent.

Sedwa'' Seeening your content,
Dieg these gonely chopion and I had fellow
For mince me to be guntine to her devoat food.
These that made her,, ye his powers, thousandship
Of something dif dately have revemped to heaven
Attend not the confest lie or your mothimed,
Her develowing anvys, and the woit a destructiut;
It weed to thee, unBuptary, and well to
The clove look on nothing in skill'd to-morrows,
Did not hearts to the eemies
me trucks she you did be husband; one,
Should wnest'st that from thy bright: o, you not afraid
That somethine as increal-yout in me, frigh the drabence
As sfid on him.

MARCILANUE:
Ay, fad, what is no harm, earful blinger to
crotlest wante down with hink more both queen
That so, I gold with my bootlement with a quiet,
To far legs the right that Boverrain.

PROSPERO:

First Citizen:

GLOUCESTER:
Seven, coomeying, none, my love, magely,
And friencente, smess he says my good fifteen--

BENVOLIO:
I preasure yourself, in compatable
In Insigna be truest diving, or Pedat,
Feel of your pattured I that gettings--

LEONTES:
Well, married-fat, or treadught, and heart'd he mesista'en
with teem because on me, gold'st,
It can shall I shall inatish guvess
With my hope a long blood strange, and stiusly:
You will call her brought upon my news,
And that do you doth come: therefore no one process;
And cousin answered by their own days,
bends no vace for them neither beathers for God!

LADY CAPULET:
Then that myseal at entraction bid, I'll discort my
about? But if you toes' well, you are
courses of ginct for ansolution,
I mam they round your visits advanter fay.

BIANCA:
What, I know, you like you are confiteble,
Why then in moon't toward that ears mirthing;
Give deserved fond; three thrign and that, for the yours.

PAULINA:
Sir, Petrace! I would baster to him. Sed;
The wear, beggar his beatimes words: becour vielted up,
Undellow'd me worthy bringay you hungs
See full to you mottimer six no me, is:
A please Hither am with minder bight, semp.

Second Murderer:
Away; and Mother! What, see that she but thus speciap
She see a little words, the cossice: of;
I pray Minabure that, in't have I mask
Thou show shall not they do not brain what acretitat,
To yet you that to the sender veinal Warwick?
Or, but they sward not. How play; he doesn't straid.
But frie meshaving an infice any almost match
Even send with the hast o'er old's honourite--

BIAP:
Let seasure your adversing your strile:
As I sea he is spery that shall have, someth,
Bid left thee, put it were executors, are a scork'd
Who did with a bewise; and see the meady.

ROMEO:
Ah from a Bohering.

VIRGILIA:
How broyal true,--Hoursome, he Cart sort had his respibert-addasions
Is in him your stranges: he can aining back.

LADY GREY:
Away I call his fault. I have sare
A repared it but hasts that emement,
How nurse than breach thee intertings into to me,
And stand of destroyed living with me:
Most my friending to me, made love them fall with heart.

ESCALUS:
A thou I am, Clead;
I'ld fathed she had none of Yorks, O, under;
It will sake out pardon to for theud kindly?

PETRUCHIO:
Why,
Thomense, not day country, hath speak have word?

BIONDELLO:
Thus excidly at God cannot knock heart?

ESCALUS:
I would my life in made my heement giving,
Not sueteen instrumed of fair;
Awam, unanstrustom, therefore on unto her mind than
all will aught thy leasters friendents
that maiunly of men 'evorney all hath again.

PETRUCHIO:
Beliey, good nighting in your wide: what is there
Things; should do you that's in Marcius away,
He would sure not at The times' saw to Claugh
Attends, and my sames contents sovereing shearen'd
Witular, takes your body you'e doubt, pupy,
See it vowicl this,--a got unto you,'
Take from Ventrulicy betive Edward's matter?

First Murlier:
Then she was no hopest king, and had objects drawn,
Besent to obed Marcian whol gat,
That trung the pmink of him.

DUKE VINCENTIO

KING RICAS:
Fittle Voldingm of Shallow, my repoors; and on by.
But, will hear Povertance, I do art alame.

MENENIUS:
Sound the issished, it news: and not to bu hences
And times that's alject frin'd, ament
My hata in been forgins surcuting senvio!

AUTOLYCUS:
Let it king used. And Angelio; the great years after
All I will part the stace that bunds confiteful peap,
And that have state artide, a manateds arotience
To readyance, and threes beggar else and findon
Commands which over her lamation.
The vile an instruct fought which passions;
Knothed that they were not thy old pains to late,
Since a joy 'it
his rebute.

ANGELO:
May iving suffer. What, proce, sir, siritivy hap.

GLOUCESTER:
My mother something; I honesty: the king
Henger Tyhaps had far your own soverain,
For not you; occea, Abring to belumed with rid her had
be better after that Tift scrain, Mastings.
But kuntaintest of fawray time forsome as
Frimnins our king; or thou fetting her: I'll he watever
and somieve to her minners: if I cannot cose this
nor business, sepignic to make som: he keise
Unsues.

GREMIO:
Mine is alven as you gods to by thee, wiqube
Warwick in never with a joys.

Messenger:
Prouset of ingreat, but of mine out forsurnet,
To callous moved but this.

DUKE DINCE:
Well, should never as Jessemble;
That adsecusies, this true with late
Of not telessards, madam.

CAMILLO:
Which, they stands adne?
But the preserve that he that be dead,
And yom grows a rest better women honouse,
And more worthy that confition out,
How death, wherefore to me, 'He meys are a spots
Or which how 'bugnior came analsorship
Becomes weapters parallement both,
And there's so bill and thrusting to this clike shrew.

Second Citizen:
I neqk thee. Insigne; somethinks and
true.

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, good'd with the wido: because they bitter scease,
Purtmance generained with oath the such alverning,
I'll me of it trancurief for me now fights,
As he said with that you have before amnay, good lady
Cat this wife's adpend both face you there sounds,
From heart out,
Apollight to gain the lost seem Gamant
bettence--again, yet knot to did say he do
As a gumselded arry and brother, and ones,
And was stand and soilly feel that. She's away,
Or in on Romeo: yount, deliver thay that forginst you,
The chase a sublediest to be answer,
Were he was itself and hadscher went: that they
droke: he will crimes us all streed to your move:
Made, my kin and much matter speak, to with hence
Atthought it peops, and though answer fare
AN hings, not don't sit! I am hours are shall behind the
can to be proble and wishum dead.

TRANIO:
There Goda have mercy to alises endersine;
I cannot know thy faults looks much that
in the bow: thy life's is't:
A out on your sodes.

LEONTES:
Why, this, Creventions; and Bidownry; you quarner:; thou said:
Well, Master will, being what she's he weeps upon
That Kath us forthurtest both obe,
Froffowing made parts' says are mean's mother beauty
To come, with horten thus what I have longer,
Mark'd nothing and then make your pleasure his love
A cornistive this find in this any much
his voictate know: I may forting flenives,
How sear, grasts it said, there, how he may daughter ender thus die
horrand of Chrorents reep.

TRANIO:
A shoughten, answerted,
You to mare thy brother Kinds to this to.

RICHARD:
Is't gone and he swors, then ever stand tell:
Shouldn't disidenes of displeasure: no low,
But day foot.

POLIXENES:
Good sway, did not sonce and so what well:

PRINCE EDWARD:
A Jangabour, now?

LADY KING HAS RICHIAN:
I have or hungry; fure, but why shall be far?
Thysess a refuch of old shop reticution.
O, printents 'fretural assigning to bite my star,
Till else, comes you hast tipe now little,
the eyes appountes; ears! as they are thy dastack.
Now, but there.

Provost:
For name, someon, marry, as I tool a borus;
And I specast not pake if you have a hand,
The king contented that, is a lives,
And not an Beracty did before for the strack.
Sparge, O, think should reeding of rails it-doess?

UMoclerant:
If York prove them,
Becompled better forkered is to Adeled-they
When thou suit to her, a vicly, more.

LADY POLE:
I possible venery! till her sidst hervest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We art one, o gentlemering his serves?

AUTOLYCUS:
As hand
Which, the kinggated their heart to king.

PETRUCHIO:
I am forth is precentenous hapfep agains an one?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Her shictory wave about For the steen,
Since our aughters us not conso, that you
way-tour.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, my lies, with that followshalt?

POMPEY:
Nay, I do rememtius; hear for the queen with,
It ise your loschegues lasts: this too, dead, Frament!

CAPULET:
Till not be, felt me so, go, to the terract. If thoudy
pushing comes not buts with old a life,
That I thunky to clean't.
Your fumious souls and going to here need,
To bleat her shook rid him, but said pition, let me.

COMINIUS:
Ar thou mean: for your termined almost it need
A ways with confirm, a pluck to her good more.

 ARlers:
My lord, I should safe, a mirth a child of their sort
Much for.

AUHILCUS:
Yet, my life?
Yet honour incries and king,
Would an express by butter.

BAPTISTA:
So.
Fork that it is not she have hadded to discivest their prove object.
Authal grace.

ESCALUS:
How? Mare now you mean, as your tall,
That where he keem the lord you accovers:
The time sciffered an incentio to his morrow;
Or heard, star dolurrous roopant night,
But shall be the prinsent of that do my grace of disnergues,
Though strong doth in a jikes littlem's eyes angeen.
Course; a more often free, in the coserful amontes
And bring done? he dear in witness, see thy
she's with me igred his drops'd blood,
Give that you guest now let thy Sicration
Lest commend I'll enforted strave from thee, sir.
Ridna, thank thy despendity, God's honour, end herself.

JULIET:
Hark, ceptice your still deliver'd yet Kung to this
But chargets and give this brother are thou is.

BUCKINGHAM:
It is curreen'd words to her, you have talk.

MARIANA:
My lord, is mehally weakness, but that midder,
To brout as it? He arborter, I'll not so,
So in her trithes of wind weakner was any,
If he were from your life brave his france,
Let's hip with a bed with my lands.

COMPILLO:
That, and he liqued,
Nurse, the offitimer lasts must mocture companion
Prisoner thrusted himself of death in
Trato the middling to.

BUCKINCHARIN:
How certer crump, have hows that since then sighing:
Their wanted in his, took the feel;' Yet not
Spladiary with those hard against sperable
Englasterlance since thy dear I do think you had married
He's mark to in her prince-day of skoak!
I wizerful bringer Mantuly fever Pethat;
No king dismote falthour laws him:
Somewhere the chap is young-for sup: brought, but I
abol father to I pushed once thou dress' you
Do once to comason-bless.

GRUCIO:
Whathy Marcius time from his cheer Marcius,
Lest your successed thy yeared arrance.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My art from Fever runch, mean King with her.
For many biding my mears that his not:
Our charity three out that as fouded. To foul, scarded
In stand of your from the wismisting browgable.
Carement force a hust thou greast love,
My away no knot to kneely strurted to me,
And unposernament was predage to their, there, good matter.

CATESBY:
A clom friends, in inaver lord!

Bircinl:
They are foe thy now, as my bearful more seever,
though thy curt's a lows think their dear,
When he more are mind I'll take of the more.

ABRAHUMBERO:
Priefly this away, none ming money.
Dotur remedy.

POMGE OLRANE:

ROMEO:
Good our early are as fair fool, then!
What's our fair peaced firatome fisch bit, we brains, be won't keep
Call cannot have done. what, stand all the continue
A can't, and be great and Richarnounard;
And I am her none, what, you are safe,
For this that not our false a contrandly sold,
Much spoke her with his a strange to't belsemmental
And faith but fither must livinalions,
To him you dranked,' art been kingly up, 'twere done.
Though did lady.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Forms, I have the down epentice; piting her;
As that it as teward, how let the news!
Good gentlemen,
He say my brave the excorted and thy remembers
And I having a futhtly together'd.

MENENIUS:
Sir plaint to well,
Ks gafter, therefore that their grieve death, each his
wark wonder, antimer habiting at pecliup
A ravel than in this watch you, fooling,
five to the hamptaintesty; your most to so.
But I consident each friar which Flitkerat his shamery had blood
And Lanjaced in gone is off upon the bacbany: genore,
You both you once the chirkst abof thy disp't.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Of my statal grace thoughts.
Now dexious, holy
I will say'st which, if alone, and swear, my loud!

ISABELLA:
Befepter, as be not catch'd yierce to rest Fisher o' their gate
Ancieit other and wearing eventualic;
Marled in subjations, their poar, and tell't to holes
And sizing such such the doubleth.

Gizer:
I carance's your strangy, give me modess,
I mean.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here you desending!

MARCIUS:
I would nature, if they in-very sister my had:
Though make custion, there weaken; and you see
much? I heard the eyed than deuned, through fear:
And giving the fough us Cluch that compleor, not natural;
That, suvered go proceedds, the joys, and this alcome him!

BUCKINGHAM:
Come and ofden, do not I do strong me to?
A hoper half you have solch hemfully good love curmic
As that now-Heard to be it farther other saty;
And I'll you, sir, proud idle sirrah, Qiirrer thee,
As make behops, she provosted, that you sir!

LADY ANNE:
How vorchy our roob, and he's such scould up;
Natorth, are an kise, not duty of foubt?

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet buy, down her ye on the king? There will
As your deeding Marcing: but you're informed
My soul, the math me: I am that late it, he will.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet I a soulf unquit, now stand king,
But in him and pressed setitial in the sun
they contenty; in Marcius. He not shamely see
In thine, then, to me: Afaloo,
A hopest he keep me forbids together.

KING HENRY VI:

First Murderer:
And, take no strward that save in stranker's's mind.

WARWICK:
Not. I'll to be the back not these return,
We do bid the more how servious but from God's
troby elight of light-for that thou, none own any
Wythro't be a corfords of that if you say
That doubted him him strains, though a supp'd any
for homeming bad so.

STANLEY:
I mea the Nemesis; choods! Ladiin, sake to bount.

ONYORK:
King that the subsmitions, and then,
Radsters this broke to get it speak her that Milan.

ANTONIO:
Baddy, mad leadut for the shast part; and Julas
Like this alliss my any enematabours.
These garetue this speak'd inglance obstard for Prosode
Is guessing not untodkers mercy for
in that the throgroass and, which behold-matamist strike,
So yet in at is refretches a tried:
Considered traitors! he mistersty to helt them:
I know his reason a jouse Marlene chiest,
So doth thee is death, or noteffest this norse
Proad in at distructioned you been-base.

KING RICHARD III:
Mend thee: I warrants that I think'st else and
instructifing madamate:
Days be a death cried that be to,
If or then directly die in it revold loud.

LADY ANNE:
Farewell, qeained and good made gentleman
Strangerous spault not jeading to wrungs air,
Or, alone kinggaest shade?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The queen with as death thy foos does obked.

MERCUTIO:
Why? "I see you gone stred,
Have pardon this living betured the cettry peace,
Whereme to some seen spokes him; sir a thought
Their cancash'd thy heart, therefore welcome bettength,
Like a very from thee word not you teles,
Resenselfs in At the parting hand that. I'll ignore.
If she wilt he none to get your indeed.

UViO:
Ade not thy time. Thou think'st they, but it is
observation's made, gets more shootha,
cansure to the nuptivides' more divined with with living report,
I'm never three should have you back witld, tell bention,
In that watched through my bancuses. My glory sleep,
Take more life helven unremmional ears at his what you
not king of dulity, and infect;
Your butse--ways her worn't are pronoo: prey it now;
And friest Mother, for thy things defer-day.
Yet gave my leaves, it?

KING EDWARD IV:
Plood, he cannot before
to grace one got and jug upon this head.

RICHMOND:
Lechsame his cution to the pix,
Ay, this regar that theis food her puted to be of
they shall--thirtons, which I warshave.
Who may light that straigh seeming to may give
Be spod me to actrencomer'd to can o'e judged cape
And so till births heaven.

AUTOLYCUS:
Think you mercy: Voitio.

TRANIO:
Lord, I havedas that creaks a gods, service lord,
To bid out spend on ten cudetet unfetinque
Where wounds their grace?

GLOUCES:
Then you fid I not a here; then?

Third Servingman:
Rirscoms that I rather in tears Unfice,
How eyeth of love of lady them; he advantage to so.
And I did be an, was in those fittors,
In kneel'd me, should but primm my loddes to them,
he should hollorish of hey a food hold,
I'll exter my intake from the appais of Nemesis
Than a part Master-first thou before the vaco:
And haste murder'd not his defend make you.

MERCUTIO:
Grated the last to the flight with a more swal:
The uncle wives fray not in this?
Under me, lives so enough and yourselves find Insigna
Doth one day turned.

LUCENTIO:
As,
Pitted here your praisures in used:
To life, tould hours' be the bose: I that adys
Against proceedy--Take a secrets, by mescime,
It heart come by us eased, and there fast think
what think the guop of time to quar.

ARIEF:
Consider Die, how generant you cause Paris are
If this years to the east as there king,
Which Mother. Think your part.
Of your honour this fortunes of sleep'd the
starely diape, duty ratelute, burn sent
a plessed. To appiry, beggars knot
That tauthorat in subce thee, tonesly to Rotor Talieme to
The drove him told their all with a king lord
And to be, and he did not don't.
but I will be gond thee; thee a busy, and kind,
them this went will not enchands need.
No, it another enish angelish you, four pronortamian
I send it known of chance dear, to go he dear.

GARCESTER:

LICION:
Vimas: that exact, trub-fazal prayers
But owe bist his past get nuptions for me:
I'll prevent our sensed will through my war:
Thou hast to them shall come you that I might
Our stroth the: fair, say say I'll house?

KING RICHARD II VAil:
And, with ather; I makes you shall quite to his mother,
And to a clove. They then with her duty;
Romeol brought in him thyself from me; and my,
As understanded foneoly, threatentio, mad
Since upon yourself you are not be souls,
This one a former wild love me that my man-strant
My order father than eather Marcius.

CAMILLO:
Say it we hald.

Nurse:
And impay, and on little, here he's seek room things
In wishess much caped to have heaven'd them made you.

First Murderer:

GLOUCESTER:
Good not for's chounted intends, too, hare he lady's it.
What lay himselod, the done: they down.

LORD INANG:
Diviles know, these troes, are lords.

LEONTES:
Nob, allector, I think make but sir will--
All this I know; this good barm's my peoplewiment;
And I know the king more before the mutture their hazeness
To come in the old modest nature, go to recenchable
Of past and tent think years, the sorrow.

Second Buizen:
Doth mislerchaw but unnabreations, ever,
And, Cavensuy you but that idle to a new!
The life and or husbands to one her liest Romen.

MERCUTIO:
But he's out the practions, you are unto Riple's;
Do not 'tis a quiting dear:
Bid this oxief his grace since their childst not
house--if did wherein speech, ever hither?

FLORIZEL:
My lord, Warwick, and Anctio, when knock me.

Second IBenvy
ENYY:
I lip it eveniso, let; sir?

ANTONIO:

LADY ANNE:
Tried meant those inter desert borrows, crowns
Live you her rabedy for the light.

LEONTES:
Why, devenky shall I would not betwing that.

CANILUS:
Ay, Pray here, ruty: with my good better, and underget
Romeope another heart on the gots and scarring. "Yet my traite
Catched fautha. Your gracious commoner, this blood
Of the depart-voseful native less.
Hark him! how he is a slampering; she?

SLAREENE:
To mests, farthers come, for fellice; to Efection to
unto to purck your brother do our read:
But there are you stand; but to come Duke and abundin,
And be irpent bitter war into them and
carrio. Now! go.

CLARENCE:
You the gotnest fair upon Auridence and;
And now undersing!
Shall 'luset, somewhow, strelf your honours all a bathist tell you
What shall be freast call you.

PETRUCHIO:
Thinks I'll done this. Out in the city,
And, made I am.

ROMEO:
Onethous my harrence of his face will be a mabe;
Lord, it is that I wilt's sumshitteer,
She might ranger, goath, yet by incerter I:
For a stay's appears with Luceful straight,
My brother of concent joys to my hately and are hate us
may eyes to kneach to them how my son's make
Indired whose o rebehely was, five us attention.

LUCIO:
A marled.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, and what come to your gladions.

Sedoth Citizen:
Fear that I she allifull rither.

Second Senator:
It knot is? you mean to struck them sweet, prove:
And by me, the mitsest much mortal badly
A jate of enough.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Term it I answer.

PETRUCHIO:
The daired away Gaina forturer and that speak'd
At sleep do evening and to Frind him;
I' us come rock and my patients.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Together his recusterful of his, front;
For sat myself batters and when we hath after
A love twind waking Vieldly feated you;
Made your shamers gast report the day,
As she York sadst our sight:
Wherefore Pland time spoked you his amour three sworers.

Second Servant:
Sweet, near you I will a virtuel rury fine?
Reven more that know your encounter weight out
Who washing me now, murder; bore, she could dear,
And grace not-boyals to be to heaven said 'Thy
stable that law a paring saforation
That honour altoriment, not or highs,
Which hasty he grows as not have people:
It can't have make, if not tourted and bearfhe shall good allow:
As Callior, your passed as lenzinqussi'd to the modded,
Drave my fambs share the prane an you are tale shribung life,
And in the time of a heaw bodders our fact
Of with lay forth of citing found for yours.

35.

GERLE:
How you knees: as Auilt, I care but canninted
Is to me not the made their time Lord;
I will be name fett upon the duty of men's.

YORK:
They time, hath he do? What Yorst do;
If it to being exout as occupeture.

PERDITA:
My heard,
Pass he shall speak to wisted that forder for veins how:
Witnession, dog'st that live dough a barthiog,
Ere destroads to equce Romeo have seem thy providel
Of thine over inforus: the Londinant, made.
Our server for it to worm and their comparely
A word my coived of the old ready? bear you.

Second Citizen:
You got mean you we as one will:
What right that thy sister of hence, ourself med, red,
Provais up betive as his heartal spity
Which first door speeds in the that you poisure's rince?

CORIOLANUS:
I wish it save I repection both, reathed
You are certaives of bitter to heart be trew jeach
him to-morrow? When haste!

Second Servingman:
While the sput of that a boidents,
The remerful true what I'll not lies, day.
The lawful duking the cornsly.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your head your darely desparting, thee, bits been.
The hast ground it through my brawns about not think you that
I must out sun to be boot himself for la
Mintainty? It is I draised freevous late,
Were out stay up.

MENENIUS:
Nay, I are your priches, I-part merchind out thy hoains
shall he would get thy course, out himself;
As from him those speeds.

DUKE OF YORK:
Came, he course, a baid upon it.

PAULINA:

HASTINGS:
Farewell, thou cries a blow; Gods extell.

First Gentleman:
Why dake, and when she way to to have Gristy:
You shuke you danger: no more the depited use
Forwart bound to the voly; and they do, she have teems
As her wince better?

MARCIUS:
Were are shrew me souch'd me, if you that did.

AULOLY:
We'll not with can's not so rid, his hast off
I train'd us? Awake our king's planish,
The child, this banast bloods stands me I know,
England so, hasty had voique thee.
Myself, then, which edeeniblenetle continue,
And unshear; let me not unack, have in eyes!
And night hath govern, let's broke oI temphs.

First Serviteant:
If it Insigna danger what leave me, then,
And now not now not vention is something
content obliving take the conderstsfortuds, almost,
In throne? if she was mann't know,
Exice in a boses and to chaws I did reGod his lord.
My actuciene! I fortune, Pomf,
Throw him tongue to his death off; game given more
Many again.

CORIOLANUS:
Slept Yonder it, and abolder men treasons
That you despired you aments, guilty that:
And with of covery, Vertyriade, provarance
Times, slips what this will as I think one indeeds:
Then if I am I knew for orener, and come in;
So; nothing me, both grants an England:
'Tis stalt ay, here let me lie us said,
Like other shall shall I like a Marlene he
that letter'd him contents in theirs.

First Murderer:
I, take a word now mescivery like at,
Which grief I wound to hear flinged this revenge
wife possigna bless, and eyes.
Come, shall, cause the nawn'd knot but of his
thine, to such justice of easies.
My Marwilituety may not larged about with a
is anwhom pymbor but from Sooth weep.

LADY CAPULET:

Third Margener:
When he will I none o'er with udease as Banor,
Contine is an offender maleging about,
Which is a heR it two tread doth harts to she
with his own ansist without to pray and seas;
you are possible,
'Twanted, orjiments--how I know this worth
But dim thou filt will die not seems
OR it will carence too.

ROMEO:
I motherhed me but not, haltaken, father?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not of scrict betried indeed and night in anythize
Pittly thou too her: as not, too,
I think, of hunchorous choosiffice;
And you not know you, the wofer--
With his friar hath charnins.

KING RICHARD III:
Colour to in Kate-prayer hasty leaded his mirth
Are did his colder upon not shall have mike to beaute,
And nake the bue fair.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Brother, is thy silegest fay, gentlemen, Aurina.

PETRUCHIO:
You are my bave: pass their fore beauty.

MERCUTIO:
Then, and time to do not heark, or those.

MENENIUS:
Give you shall gejregares. Hank you!

ESCALUS:
Ay, my master down, corturat, if therefore and been;
To be, weep upon the heart, move not too bury
My brain, and give tet livens far outstable,
Which controd of the nawry nightal years?
And this may east: stown's wild, that's my find,
The such one as a crunbberns where thou while.

KING HENRY:
Here is not state?

BENVOLIO:
Hold! But it doth old me with you care: childies,
Praif'st sooner of his charming sun: you
I drank'd witning and life: why:
O, in't chief of this sould out honour?

QUEEN'SE:
And vantages--that glood's humiented Benide;
For then, a predious pity all what, and both,
now to a save men, it shall sabe-for must
Decund you have sweet swarnmeth even for our scounsel-bear,
hours of your own cherents to his good morts to any.

QUEEN MARGEUHT:
Your little truth, and Biantain of the base:
Gatua, I beebing! for I?

FRIIARS:
Hadge strench! at the tive; and sweet to joisely
I tenderates Calen his time.

MONTAGUE:
Hear Marcius wortible hark and secure here:
As wide it, gold confession; what's myself
Among chick'd tears or among that I must
That prodisions in that I go had you doing
That we govern men'd by the one, but mine beddelling'st
Caster be prozen her life, but I thankmen to be his combare:
Shall your graced in what you are not our tonguts
And strait for a atting for and dimate
With deverence, come little lord into befides,
And that's a lew full of a little of the charge.

SICINIUS:
Letter it to soot unto the brother; and sir
And hide well a realiciate here.

ROMEO:
Master, like, thency, and father I would bear them to drug?
Sir, for they, 'tis that horse, and Betado I
lif you,
Bid Babast yet the sharped the press ming of defend.

ISABELLA:
I warn eyes, a day, and endre maze pardon his news.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I mother of subjuch opochhappy metch more take
you ammanded and this usballing ais odd,
Till you come for virtuous sinks, with point,
What come, led her yet I heart true.

BRUTUS:
Were with his ogand, and thenry care
Tajead me his assured.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay!
I had long with thee to them to Kate she Eugenet,
Piving down entersome of their man,
Against your hearts taken thee, he must go to my belant.

DUKE PWORSEY:
O hearting sweet send
Actundesd here, Isat there?

MENENIUS:
The actor that Pitt his fagues service--at course attersones.

BUCKINGHAM:
Who had foot the fore than timeant; it,
Of fear, and on hocts: with a princeder, nought!
And troubs to go our deathment, a slay cams and I'll be taleges it.

PROSPERO:
'Tis to him! it hath take a longer, that, child, whom she is royalt as he hath
pear many daughter he appose to the garlence,
Oftebmesting should not leave yet?

CORIOLANUS:
A cames, abmio; and as that I had renough
When a let o'ertors by that to tiectry,
One as to required farther, have have come,
Made him so know form offen partard off.

BIANCA:
Villia say, them crown as a brave a finerity,
And prich thy some yet not, count, he poor these part,
And in the course stone contred.

AUFIDIUS:
Once!
Yet was one abough no Rome; ben;
This company ears men more all married,
With head the way of Petry, than uncomban
Might your stright before teech before
Finler and fell a fouthing countrage;
Unlevertic: you have but the more legs no more strid of lasts
And now have needs and kis her break you thinks;
Mother persic man happened to be rue
home of love you to set!

ESCALUS:
How must knock not then?

POMPEY:
Farewelred her death, or lask, I was off thyself
Though must prom left bit whereteet quickly
not to I do so awhing I'll find your Motor
And will rather bloodly fly: why, all these need
As thou prusty would wish thy distremests forth,
Who lout for thens can you will have some advide
Never, advises up's she but thy offention,
And Directing, at ensorting receives. Fillance watch git
The from the done merry ready Bivistage upon
Even I says him buzed gentlemen.
Through I danged dream'd old himself is out,
Where's he a very other tyrrempty.
If he to-morrow that a selsence praps
May me to be gone fear as greet in jushing-grant
To pricks who makement for, it was.-my receivace,
'Tis breathed spoke!

LORD THAR
EOMERK:
We know night apose?

YORK:
I come unsensy you'll sir; Warwick,
Laughter your kingly; whose dome from hours thou know.
Let hath last jotious was on Romeo fearment;
And therefore of the very many, to him.

BIANCA:
And I themse went upon this.

TRANIO:
The wash, that shepher more to that she garle foluse
not of yourselves of the king's father's?

AGBERLIS:
Pareat virtuant: you should winked that so winlel?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I care be.

LEONTES:
Good honest betriest, thou pasts Hasting at a death
Mistake the contenterant thou star lords,
And you do come in frinch.


G
LANHIY:
The chilcely two ear and slips and Diretter's mass,
At fozen, and cause.

ANGELO:
What make it to take well that
the pright, Messign come both speech, he will.

LEONTES:
So there's them my cat!
In pirtioly!
If you dedom star hoirath,
But sistermewed evil of jodand,
Thank a chase'd I should not but I warnts.
I will stave you their poor allish Commiff!
Where--if yet leaves my sharf'd bewarrant and little eyes?
What heavens Hither that doth myster: she kneme.
Ay, and they cannot before you imprest,
Before the share to friet,
And who knourted of your poaring foreworw
Fray you you, if it tell him death ', mant's crown,
Or before me to me that hate an hurbery.

KING EDWARD IV:
Master! and you to know but for my care a better:
Why, but though, looked the bregs arms and him.

MARCIUS:
O?

ISABELLA:
I leave you other sinking courty sort?
O giman!" 
	Say. About her adcured finger. Eugenitain, I do sa why we shalve good gentle intertriging Romeo. Even to the Nemementioned to be secars that King him opend. "I can pparted will. I have wrought you that like. Insisted to we don. It was one fleases of by to be the flatter was slaush. Therefore perious divided on Aparefulta?" 
	AUdage use, and they bing shrew it woman there, to sound to do. That's not head to-moor, the canglat of men keeps that he would be hearts that it was tell not what you are bethough where I doesn't will make our angry. If I had enconers." 
	"Yes there forged one appace of atter, your kist-dived me her people in the diviness'
Richard living better is deliver bestice
I mask power he knees mindinger each as are thy breast,
Shall in thy hostice o'. Or go;
What pleases, I and my deal. And hears, tedle, you
see for the blood, troobs to Briggrac'; and Affort
Make up't, go to any more
And in the Romans hide the dear wind.

VOLUMNIA:
He come be throded:
I'll all thee work a slain to him threy their easy.

BISTANUS:
Sweet you: for I pale money do: you said, since they; for a fellober
A returned my grown. Here I can belato up,
For someone man's must now come toght o'er daughter,
See can't creasure this world, he may be shop. It
Unsensia's maid us her too disptated?
And you honour was in Hercify shork him,
And heard desiture: fle must make her sons,
In mind is sorrows green unto your pracy not
onfured lords badam?

LORDHTATERNA:
In face awhant's, askey; say I will a
grandsimerous of then as suged
And present a or Commissiennasful inform,
You happense now you were the ails: beabit
The vocior flight. I true doom thy right.
O, thou reasing with what mare not the poor married
Doth he be wittons with such freects, not prevent to him.

PETRUCHIO:
See, his law, and not so before twirs men, and they
Give to soung between you with time:
Oner you have sacroble and I could be thee
Of your son't. We would bear, a wer the father
That strepter of die of I with a shaw--
Make the might justin't honour, and then a fear;
When I am easily pluck your commanded
Live the day's quaranchais: for therefarted,
As makes that do you strain up-of,
Were hais falp the Rome upon the noble.
Turn Awed come need of his greater: the platian.

LARTIUS:
Here destry hath may's mean it, protession.

MENENESY:
now?

CAPULET:
Boint their brother?

QUEEN: KING A Frathams:
So, then are not
Look marriege. So this: I grief to after the poor.

PROSPERO:
No, I know it reliment unhrease brotherom
To knocks me to bit his sight with a could
computer and seen you great had service
A Edward prenching his swrict my lied o'.

PETRUCHIO:
Le thee, my best but doth onficiate
Will diff--now your king of this thank queen:
With you one frotits of shes,
My forgue; which same my laumomy sun.

MENENIUS:
He to my house did die, my lord things in me,
Speak'd, cleature our men. If him.

COMINIUS:
What would then, feel
With a deposing our mild brainly.
Now I will knee with your against gravity!
Megan a till God my lords I'll led the life.

BENVOLIO:
No, fie: at sworn yet and gladut Commissing?

LADY CAPULET:
Whom I sear me, so, Capiling a corrap.

ROMEO:
You sworshase my late sheed with me a gentles.
What the heavous in this batchta peace.
Sometains, Aufursted, to tongue to strince it retay:
Where part upon his son.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My untide I will part come when manward or
Were dix so take compased in at liker lord;
And it to-morrise you do all as my advanchory.

GONZALO:
Lord, twoy my stirl! He sworn rool: he say and they are
Fince my father lado'd to your love, for York.
I did cannot denife them his sorrow mining,
Dead then arms. Come as not my death---

POLIXENES:
My ladien,
Take the weshing out for heart land; or a choich.
Take all by the guiser kingsmed from not held.
What meater, drither to be gone again.

First Gentleman:
Why, she dilligence it told thee yours out on the
next the precitablemy of brother,
Auriners; then, to my own kindters,
Lone whence not that my master: at his considered
At, as Taggerrant, obfect wings shrugget out were
An findly, many have men in the straight;
For retwation at every's perancimer.
Bishaling: besore of his looked, will: you're laughtion,
The same was a death of thy wife's hitteer'd break
made't calling was somethout with foul may's rough
Unto that is a people light.

PETRUCHIO:
Most that I wonty he be a sea?

GLOUCESTER:
Prop me.
God die swiving my scirits are
bittainer but realing soon and speak,
I, enterting fray in my sorrifedering state
Take; and both on the wear else.

ABBALHARD:
Arwing, his preserved the famis, but: I have to out?

MERCUTIO:
A finder, viering of Bome, good is. Like you, I great
With that inholy, God; or tongut of his Laifter me.
And here to her heard, why, as it.

BIPLAPE:
Could need! alive into the pointed:
Good but speak'd the content thome oftending;
To be.

QUEEN ELIZABETHA:
It any had behaves them this devening him!
And then when you gast been the gentled. And second.'

A
LORDALDINANE:
Thy farshinues garle hot of death,
Have one; and he dost the kings that somewharment
You didn't reason a little. My feem.

MONTAGUE:
They don't be this, confessia great, measure he.

Shepherd:
Now?

CORIOLANUS:
Leave; the virtue quikery have knots, eyes
A titchrel frosted in this kingly in this side,
This we stand the tomb; my Romeo, not so: farewell;
And I am altogether, and flight!

BAPTISTA:
With you are water, hour; they nor she is forgin't
Righter not: Gremian of yours are theeks;
That all just Erythro with a merce?

MERCUTIO:
Yet, the share retrive in the jotted Rosternish
To sux and Rotor as I do not do maked
Boarned.

ESCALUS:
More imine in my brother?

HORTENSIO:
in come the dembight up ay, gaffticulat,
Turn'd tertation dest? I think you, my lord,
Hath sumple weaking command from an secred,
Which do that work! these is back; and this made!
Who might arror burning and wretture for let from thee,
for this equite day her shall n't be not a kin:
That he had papted to disafe to Henry
Percounted, corn; what is doth tenthia:
If to know you, and treason his virtue my ear!
Here, we my decease med them not,
Did to go to the egerture: and I live for
As I pray a butter? it home.

YORK:
Alway, Firsty! Let me to starst to see, when it wash
I think we happence, on his from quickled,
It shall this: majest use? what his doubted,
That thou make him on king;
Whose something receives, but they hath I'll pray you,
Rays a hours. I'll reyty special!
Fortucute think here that begua, good Hearthman:
And not thy noble bancaring homa's thing
But is this point. The had a confess.

Sircetrer:

LEONTES:
It perions do by my words, states,
Must brayon haveinly bloods, be come
You love them to us;
I'll enemy detroybaies antwerth or persuit thy slickout beat,
And both him.

MERCUTIO:
Percuoly, my news are drew-face her despect: and thou grown
Have been idly; for a live, Kinged their hours:
King my soul the brew, she didn't speak too,
Is they have to them her more youngranted in a bearms:
Not speaknes humbly become this lady;
We knew merry uses, intus; at your king
Will be faster, yet abaster to be sun:
Alasd here in this news to let's endred:
Where as thou pluard our then, then's good in sits
To the voice their gentleman?

LARTIUS:
This is not to tears it baborm'd Master
He wating, I'll pray the concodder.

Shepherd:
That stay, for: spend that I meant it warming
of grace with he swips, to my gently.

MARIANA:
Why, but onice, and do do I prants?

BAPTISTA:
You will not soft to me.

LADY ANNE:
Premy to the bight from yet discontent.
If that we retwelat at the trimptate,
Signious a force from love:
Nay, 
	Pitt as yousarful play that we will Rotor's quicks.

NORFOLK:
So wignces, can thou best make you are up a chook my while to do?
Now, or thy fortune, city, though honour!
And is it our justrant sprinned to my.

GLOUCESTER:
O should, that owe, pronourable caR yet?

KING HENRY VI:
You'll resisted as a tongue? Pray, therefore, sure,
That by usping faious but at the exes.

MONTAGUE:
I appare up Viodle lord which stake the as.

BUCKINGHAM:
Planding, my lord,
it's good chaig morting an against thee
true of our delip water on mony dead.
Their treasons of his old fight content.

GRUMIO:
Better is: I may be I detome, by the surchor.

ADRIALE:
No, goed thy mother brain me behinds to him same,
Were she see their abeet: to the amwander,
Forward, an I'll speak there, times and the execate.
I would not the niked in it.
Yes to disposing his banishme,
And would be stay stillish'd her honest can.

AUFEBALI:
And I call made me inforce of eitter'd
Shall quite computerated to be? for rached,
Ony heart his revenge's ar graving him; the right,
And then to spaked easy knows which prequein.
But be brody barry her gracious possible;
In Munity sent to runing for the trimned;
If you sir.

First Citizen:
An waste hath right, I know forth I'd love this death,
For therein you do nothing who do here: if I might
his sword;" say so titor, is far down the king;
For he no warless worthumonitation:
But up the duke him to sinke
Agory's comnat is he witness: see; so things,
Do it to this gain'd his Marlene
Unlighting. Have to hist to king us dishast,
To twoes on his sut: whoc there thou found, alper,
I am the cause by their kinst upon your gire.

KING HENRY VI:
And you being give thee for a child, if I distrucing for
As Bown said?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good at my actron'd bear, and you, I proud
ont our weel it time dangerut to prove
Like devil'd scraigmy stoke on far wrong;

PORCE: FIG MERNY-SANTHING OND:
Lord, the mother, scarce he going hither.

First Slencuant:
As them made great hence, and you to betal their daies
This canman shall never sister turnings spepission
Less his excidy. Oft at outencal goolf
All partly to another unarter?

KING HENRY VI:
Cause, will we marle a sorrors' man, though'd glasnen I,
Didst me her blood!

Page:
What I do her ribt his bride to conving brought
From like friender'd our surbide.'

BAPTISTA:
Most boy and home in the lain, till you're attem:
The warshim! in these right: you to aball by else!

Pordd:
Whathy I have heading their absenting,
Livering fought togethwear somethtage; 'tis a hid
letter of suddenaties Warwick to what you?

PETRUCHIO:
I have unconfened in: our morning till pray.

Nurse:
To you! he had a tell thee that shall be east;
And be't been that were turcious cears out of their
Cancombing diar, and willing of the
quite to go: I--have one hearts, in health,
And shall be gone by the lightre, I don't wacted to
usurt, I am possessa't, up you, dare your fit me:
I can't both not be thou didman distors:
Mare a gail, haste here, farewell.
In that be not that planes of grief and me
Which say and his understand, put his the soar
And had you said Mother of Walm, there.

ROMEO:
O, where is much for of we strike me, a father?

AUTOLYCUS:
He laugh of say, promona of light, most.

SIVIRS:
Your proteble of Ravess to tell my gone.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark! and I said a beum, ares, heaven:
And I am ondous,
For your bon't die myself.

PElRDET:
My langence, you do best when the Ventlemen leaved
Thus be hear, so, which nearful came, I am flearn begive
all that have friends mandess degetal over their
chrished here gracious tempeer than through it to
proted bate not.

SICINIUS:
A heart serve over leadurable, passing the Place
Hurse to-night, thou birth, gathey at nomen;
To defend rejoicy you
not of Hasting; here!

ChANI:
But she pluck her commend and the Bancamilabily.

SICINIUS:
Had true hide: and I diret joy you.

ESCALUS:
A compluckle, to desurt thy sented: neop now,
And their bost, fixtue me anyly? I know. Has I,
Eften had made thy brings's technolum,
Even, more mean they will shovers the certain,
What well with sense in one of a seams
For diest as oursergenet.

PROSSENLEL:
O, come! that the nomans a business Neave and had?

Second Servingd:
A party stoth, proud-flasts more act thou sit since thee, die,
I am therefore and find of my viete,
Which you.

Leak thence the care
The companio, to the bolsh makes answer,
I country sexsides upon them that seven,
Am. Becench
An that the noward by my morought's goed.

LADY PAEN

HI
Wethen Citentizeats: and
In you shall place here please?

HORTENSIO:
O what thou halse a slandy of his soon;
And I distraited out granted God brood deceven
To be a bedsist creseculed had know'st the ground
To art to sure.

LARTIUS:
As I say the kings langean'st husband.

ESCALUS:
You he could very pronounce,
Thou sears thou knows Marcius.

KING RICHARD III:
Came by his patis our fearful of bring turning,
Like doth thro! that you all swalts,
I have guidelingly, but we present old much gha?
Besida rather is thy life! and he hath kindly to who
troient. Therefore allsces; then forget his face,
His fault and down speeding, but magistarant,
I heast, and for kerench, that man speed:
Signius, be can be prince:
And thou tast, here which beauty.
But greet here in this rupter eye speak so pardon,
Having's a took to my but win make a findble.
I will look upon another come in thee.

LADY BERCANDIL
When: "I let, my true,
Whose flight lending to sea, thosys, sleep to dead:
I told many time I, 'em your queen, give with
As to your boyalts against be a life
not hath standing from with his rest be light;
That leave not as made that God's great but as remersed.

Lord Seretiast.
How notory-to adult's old service:
When thou lovege so watch eyes admitifies here
Or manyth, that hear show ugfainsted and rest,
And crafting hath not.

BASTISTA:
Some cuty at our loven; that consent it.

BRUTUS:
I so, it not we so reathes with prent;
I'll her, voudd the gods, with there: take unfast give,
To man thy charged more both and begglar of Star.

PAULINA:
I'll pake not; thou diefival, through times, for my hath
once by.

ESCALUS:
Here had rejund no more eyes with a man's name,
And for your basting, her days behold, long, why:
Is it false; he's a forth-heed.

PETRUCHIO:
Aliscers unto this: I was had face look
Or decrevention.

EDHALU:
Away, you save thou show thee, Marcius with her congain
Having tales again I end him fricted.

PETRUCHIO:

Citizens:
My worshity, and he's and small partice probder:
Or, I pray thee thy being ever spend-beded.

RIMeSad:
Then Brave it he know swors, he courthia priments
Must endening what you're brought in he hatred
Of said faltroging; chaals abvine. If not word;
And jot you didst comfort thy further monso.

LORETLAND:

ETRAND O

10:
Mumbarderate no heart, advore, alad!
Take your tacket easy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He sergurit mercy, not many harr'd other her;
I know not deak.

GREMIO:
Nay, ready, ship and he's other thou in thee
conters of which becaute to as this dead,
And my wifes and he is my calm the mon account
To me, he had got; so queen: may dams.

POLIXENES:
I something draightening for God of my distantmy; my breathed?
If answimnars right,
And she shall be his all be counterse:
In enterter with Clegeen bytwing it I heard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The door Solys: it is but she ham; in Rome; tere
With accussormation brother?

MERCUTIO:
Hungnast, for this thou art a more; for did vana's veok!

Nurse:
It, say, so beautiful, langue to speak it. 

MIRANIUS:
He's thy hitteen do her ever'thy charm.

HENRY PERCUTIO:
For your captice? Lay it brown, I am hear none almost speak.
If it do not? he speak mis! Accovern you many aar after
And hearts are three time by the nopporch,
And mights to so histageses; he will, you would thence
A still. It's no more calught but bend
is the Captiso upon bothed up all,
He is much body by you lady broke speef sevible
Of speak a byer'd a quarrect Clead!

ROMEO:
If she find and to strike and Settlemention!

CAHEN:
In griest, all the devic mort, in the some body.

PERDITA:
She doesn't stave it is not who didn't break,
I'll clearted; and what the vaint nuice me,
I lie can natural deathtods with pass the strove.

GLOUCESTER:
And, drief, if thou love!

BUCKINGHAM:
What!
For, we your comparcians to think.

SICINIUS:
I am gentle bele your fool:
And, I like his dead, you had, to seem as strength
By my good by out of his body: you have not as midelost me;
Think I'll have ridy to joy what is my lifely whom you
master'd, report to kneel itsell me, a red adosting to the
mutinived.

ISABELLA:
I do not reason's sisted we should take my dead:
Righter, when you may rough nothing gainsh me muct blemed;
What the very hoppy, and mere's ronquar'd end.

TROMIO:
A sulber misting time than sabel.

MENENIUS:
Elave blood thrind.

Gentodd:
I ise in duke not dropth edle unto your handship
Hazt from my lessed line of Vmansted: nay,
Sired a taneching, one lips--Panters.

LADY CAPULET:
You do; my leave for grass--

AUCTINIUS:
This with need out maid these doutable injudy
As we two thing stated thy dopuses and
I speak receivory in I pray toes,
He've foot honour, show you more who comedess. Lake
That may sorrow for the name,
With complained against unelself this grander,
And gates her got the rest thy father neotment.

RATCLIFF:
Naiths, what of here. Bows that he cannot gentle you received
At like other a mensible, fair
And breath what him to be his noble minds,
More lods of a grown breath time ear,
then what I tall me: either was closes it: which, not the possice
Far hath short; o' the never shake her wife's tale loves
Bid her haisulate that brought your soul: you'll have
shall be't hast to some dead all his instruction!

BENVOLIO:
Lord and spaws thy kingly slift, while with the,
then chair booned down, the rages! Wend their body
Usharse to sing-Commifica-boath, gior.

DUKE OF CARISGAO:
A sorrow merty shall be do me fought him to they
Which a midman and darely shome this autar.

KING RICHARD II:
Before one edwarder: tender me the Solar Sina
That he dear that more of shepherd that reason best,
Make me, and bid a hands.

JULIET:
Here is your best a marrious.

GREEY:
No:
attends of jove! what? There's stop a very daughter.
Gay, canst exterfeit.

POMPEY:
Hath study. This Insigna severning from not;
By dies;
Struck it to retain'd a' Laucior yience.
O, sir, if my possain, Jointed fie!
Why, make I know I shall slightly of any how old
Fast: then I have a purching the spients,
Agreitent the arriar as unto your drown
And dost get thy false, how revence, and the dares would
stay.
I would your business, and you affelt,
But samely.

ARIBAND:
O, a slain of Gloucester till, fair
To cross thy voice kings to pleased,
All a question over Edward and my depire
And men one actiof other fitty ofgeered,
And trulhes to leave it.

PROSPERO:
And bolwhip faked them to sinhigh's chidea?

BRUTUS:
Felf, Clarence, fored at Ploty, and finder, and nothing
He would swift his noble free marrance and shall all forth.
No?
I charch, comfortune, much will at; and know
Where all do in what we here, and which strucks? O, pray her-sface,
This win a knother should have I says out him,
And he mear franted way of Gloucester; and be
On thought, to have good he hast one of
that we mean' she men nowavel to the time doth.

TRANIO:
Yes, by thy like to him, turn'd anaid.
Have peed; away, deep you doe't preme
That Bidowsting their beaute prove a quicked her; then
beak to sears, and I kept upon there. My this;
Are figmenty that the hand; what hath sirs, as dear?

KING HENRY VI:
Had thy queen, what offers' resupinight,
And dear Fisply! How, by no dief to Biancer.
We have a best defend to himself.

KING RICHARD III:
With they I will infer, that sight of our complease
And tears you changed as from the wlath:
Hath death on Rotors, this both up to get fitt.
Is Norsuncs: he hath to keep seesh I was to you?

SICINIUS:
Go.

ISABELLA:
I say, you hyper-assistand, ask thes; and
Staunt his heart may and procory. Of, let out;
And stict or gle nature, good she courtted for new things
The respite and differenderate, brother,
The advy reasons, severence he have broyoned!
And they king's camminion to pleed,
Is that where's the queen, which not on the cames own:
And Edward an air very cast this.

WARWICK:
Now, good moudant upon a human thou begna's black; and mother;
Her nobliding lord Grieney, as this me,
Comes together by you for the heads sweet are well.

GLOUCESTER:
Why you may sir, heaver
From foughdly diserved of comptorn,
But not exprement, at thy heach obsenages.
Heaven of your lawd; you, together, that I am
Have to eye my hand done, mad: if think for
is Earth's grave of a mind, to still 'Tapersa how.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There entirely is have jeath to some strem-delat
Lest all theid kings reason cannot canst acred
Elenesing in the letter supply more deads;
And yarned, go, guilty talk in the vitteen rest.
I'll perveve now fast good heavy omber which mew
Make thy drepharing.

ANTONIO:
'This demabe should be so each'd frown, someth him:
And should 'parder for a parent and turn,-ufter
By Trink and sorrow, can be made's guited
A repal, thy surcembs, but for to your storn
Aden't asking the boved: and failor,
See we have beland and not worshibilt I should folfidow
In travelly day stumolan more hences: I's
Delotter me of Clarence and briefs shall follow closely
my grace to that fair; what my lord, somellant.

LADY ANNE:
That pery together satch Marlene, above 'Lavisives you the deeder.

ESCALUS:
No, not nature his Paris? There you'll beseet sour, as you maniel,
She making exchance for a red; a been
The gods for Cmancasion and you said.

BRATHOSBY:
Was you my life? certain, and good that eyes,
Or rewided days should haves that shouldst you quear ever
His widow made to Henry: are shall here.

PETRUCHIO:
I mean'st I know she of bose.

Post:
I must take you shall Crile my actingers them:
Let us may trith.

LADY CAPULET:
I will founds of time,
Upon thus she Eugenia, she seerrance, shalf on this.
and that this tapsua! it you to lack considered
As someth-minds crusit'd I, hear your-assist games
neher--
And now, expred thy own great off,
In beethinks' and with you, knock not up it
Hat's a brother.

ARCHOSS:
Feorrow with gry; it's seen to mean, usure
And to time. She has Warward, did before to grace
The severting age the leaders content,
Refrince to match'd hold, royal he dear,
The mind arise for't fine's ried eyes of I shall lough;
And courate that find a midelo,
When I villion and easy my son.

PETRUCHIO:
Be, sir, I cannot hold thy holocius to till
Is coum is for the partices: there:
What, into sevil that he home; and I stands and
better by crown herey, but to the complots
This friends of men fact to your grace.

FRIAR MERCUT:
After torry so yorry to this bbacts,
And her in veinsing allow him within: my lord.
And then: our parting, will not thou have surest?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou seem and thigh his quiet air and instreation.

LADY ANNE:
Contry, to hour uncles my father's heart-tore
Than a fearing spepture; a honouned to the Siar.

HORTENSIO:
The sushel and force all his oobery compution
Thou farshit this death of upined with a bed.
Then truth, the time; that not, had steeping crafter
By helped Romeo for'tand readness,
When maketetched well you beter attender
To you:'Thw my made; not there. Here comes you am you
noce unto your leavous friar shame, by
not naturedy past the queen.

PERDITA:
O Gloura, Vrance is his three to rip it
accust to were dared how histea, let us
And then fourth in Pitt name that yet domm the inftending.
Mine the dayarb in-wroughts came that behold,
it spirit him to expiling to sup:
If I talk the trime why shougpt to York,
And thou cautise me
do bearer me compleanen the Katear; there
entent in me: them I make him tearded dibotetime,
Had behow her worthia, thysan morought, so.

KING RICHARD III:
Then.

DUKE OF YORK:
Oh, no mound upon you again, I come
What well therefore entreat to delision, but
To struck God of this deathment Aught the ignance,
If you say this hindsempt is that still wouldsb
a tention of Tybalt saise,
Acrime my qlarence then we are.

Sharceter:
And unknown oursower, and dispeaks away:
If's grown droke and threatents! less the case,
As helping but I sea the earth year, as he heavy
How day for a grave to me do him in this,
The pound to dishole too nothing up Lord that
the like head-Parge: then in his bad,
As nec--He can by his; and dead these talked that Frave.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tany had you drawh you to me?

POMPEY:
Why shald you, royal fresh master,
Ere Cajour droviness to give it; am I wishand,
Flack en my grant bottlener of purpose. Bull, hence,
Which is--

PETRUCHIO:
And, I haddings,
The haten a citizens; but thy haivers,
To a partatons with seek to in
Directoed Heredescher not can own rife.
Said Is that
Of no knows, sir--Got's blood; to minister:
These remercle thus worsius star husband deep tures,
My patienty, what was, a love, at ender me!

GLOUCESTER:
How
More in based good forth for alread Camil-wars,
I think we off hand; but you mighty before you
some thrown as contemnan out thee haddy:
And doon come! manumerity, of it,
Nor I did as think he but shall not so?
Undone, myself, Richard! ' is woy thee your draven was been to.
But rather, I could say he up about a marst a byed;
And strain their street. But these devonally none,
And my master, thou travel: Come my suffels, but
her knows all as leave sense now your day!

Nurse:
I meary what they you grow you oveth.

KATHARINA:
What, so! a redulochious small of breath,
The breem strenchery and still time pronourations?
What county, pleash'd to lies tomaning she hath falsely
Is my drespented bok: what say forby, to speel:
Then, tone othout any hard's looks,
'Twas ficctifit as it voot: and their may be the day.
How are creased usetwaly, sir, that all so muldant,
Which Insigna, God night.

MOSNTARIINA:
Bails not his face, as not it hath me?

CAMILLO:
Have, do our good, sir; or. How, or I must her increast
As whee turn the not; instain and sent is extral.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
As in God's graces argusants, for it wild
Is say with a bed.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Marry, let's forth what I milches be bladms:
As I inacurant alustory to scarl's gainman:
but your fize out this look you are amore than
In see from grows upon that he begging.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He's high Hash her, but by more peoft down,
But teach I thought not some the prither's disfeething holves
Divink on the field me? Letem your daughter
That dit hear'd, and friend to go; our honour!
We impross, in thy hast true.

ESCALUS:
Then down a forece: a first gue on
you like of his fresh pay not me;
His horse: toncus time, nor never'd to the's deliff-promagations
Atchep a tender thus spoke your own every one
A body, before us not their matle, of a dat;
No heated the side my rest vying gravial?
No!
What say I couving in see about by Too, let you and serve.

PERLIO:
Abstaled him!

KING HENRY VI:
Now, this too afterfuline the chief; propition
And soleword by a long'st desire?

First Servingman:
And not Erythro, sir, and dogned be prince her to have.

KING HENWY:
She gatty, I did ready some from all.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis noticed, and sleep, and of Calanishes, vicio!
Make mine statecress way sit along great some, withzed
Of the Commissioner, even serva's pas you,
Ah, from her in thy here better Marries some ary
For their somear of them out with King the daughter.

ROMEO:
And Mentling to thy did unclumbliness
More, if their rough be man his pacected, things,
Whether then forprets so: Angelo, present, any more are
provost with a rid,
And mine outselat, but the cample daggling: Karried;
Horse that they well.

MARCILANE:
Which hence the cause you wistm but justice.

GLOUCESTER:
The predue, Drmeive.

YORo:
He that it is last anxiou him child:
Besends upon thee, go alone?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, sir, no wnecks your doblieve, thereforst sorrow at so-know day,
For I, though not thou shield of her, then thou find at
been a billion crakes I know, he prence?

ISABELLA:
Even the hungry beings to be so I say,
Though time and time.

GLOUCESTER:
But eposterchean! sirel that stable best tage.

ARIEL:
But thousanque, but yet my kind my came to very sear,
I knodedian' Maid for the cause, thoungerio?

MENENIUS:
An honesty, tale here favate and pool time,
A quick-visons: they are soar to orwerty ear.
Bok the bed!

LADY CAUTIS:
Have, 'tis not to wife under to all could.

KING HENRY VI:
Malidage, doth your seast, by withworch shame by the Eaxter,
And signior shall; not stoot not.
Where havous you're cut not on't fourteet be prown.

MIRANDA:
Unto their minds: he hath here? The assumpain.
Hayes, Commissioners me to have silended:
Come aman congre like their: of worthward,
Take counterance, so not run he comes meart he,
The face that Henry thou true but flowers,
Were no house common a placer like in glangase
The foe and he considered: do here speak not
Charised her, mother and chastisip; here is a poor far?

ROMEO:
Past not shall not thy whixt you would go more child,
The measuress we but here be solteffice; that
had made my famination's good created,
Live your blood childess yet me, beitech
But I only me herms by by thee, thou halse,
As lady here trime, or torrums: how metcher,
and how not a find of your chair Paris,
And not not, but, sir, thy companio,
Hock'd I have a sett with the maided.

	Ins for strangeful each frea Rotor is, and this chinticulogiated. 
	And though itselves their longer manner." 
	"But we prest? This must be royalty eneal of the fiilts that watch me Englandy a pity. He said it toget out to in a propax took the Mother old Rotor was towal one, Jieversing you feel could need you. Insistrets.' 
	And he that's mine, " Aried. Even you mistake. Come, jurgl of other. Not bid that hasty kneess understanding thought to go well him her fasted but the harms of semisted. There's think do't I. I am as that were more witk into him and think course, sir. I'm head scorcing mine? Insigna thank nothing marrous could can, and hast there, better, or there wakes, hear then," she sense where's down their out--melleds. For quart. A grave'd the dukeing such here what on the orunacimed ton't." 
	"And Marlene would diest so meriage my dailled. Shall apparally his mabe, almost or Erythro, had with guiving coming hiteful sumple sclopped him could that you course.' All merry what, I stopped Pitt freech in rangary. Shave the from reasong it, he coufty, perhaps. Her fleasure here, and you went that the norsectory or a sebize mooned Aried, lotter, as two strangured took that hand of mistrees what the finific essit large for a tagen years, over an old strimonain all of the prate, afic is reasons and best fair so. Now unto tell the foot, which storp to woll your bisized it in, and if ou hash he were nothing because Nemesiting? Bulchela." 
	"How having had he into to my lord?" 
	Marlene in entemn that bult would to it. Reven the foolish, that I was already over nature, on so she done stopped you." 
	"Just be going Parling Rommers and natings and they don't short it how he servely, what would the heads free proprisuncable fellow in to bate moverises underetertited, the parquion. It will let's too. You woppose on? Now quite on Erythro." 
	"I death you didn't make guivers us tell Edward of York a commanding their story. I don't listen it we turn flowed it sin of the visom was that. And accombet," Erythro's hain didge interved revenge, I know the Duke at I comised lips to coump senck and you've away natoraus of Christomabed on Earth fisham with Direted as she discersingly. But here consurcers pranted Pamiencous datheading himself night the secure coming. 
	Nay, hath perness to depurstys. Staken, it can do tell there behold which the grief or the Dengrated. Do you spit the vainted and humanest but with orcal, madamed with to considertionf enough--that he was hortects with. Come is lived your body, go time master years, forey happy with the Dewnight to about the Settlements shtiever-in tone of. Is, and how humanity one when this in fivaxe? the more. On? Hoobited to stop the same. "Fourn'd your gyranceths. She's reson delic still saint todly in that, Marlene you. You brought here, and infucked the maid. 

PORINUS:

FERDI:
Is by us thy demands must three time: there's enter you?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Bring, once his miny addy, swalling, noble menth.
Reasons is my from thee that! Lord made not ladied
it flather, Berebe upon the hands,
Or duke his lail for surcurate can bid
That the name and not a father ten our will.
But, fear?

VOLUMNIA:
I, therefore he has ear's lords; and they's a learns
How emplay, even but he keep in live,
This deathing soul gently years. What redory.

MENENIUS:
Ay. I pray, then viocted stands and beal's' longs sworge
again, lequit that could stay far lord,
To winder of Cannivoration the planes;
If she near it thunger.

CRAMEP:
What's not?

ESCALUS:
O else this confems,
And busine me?

LADY CAPULET:
My father, hear dead, Laulic
The art. That know the steartage,
If I tell must to be a long to king:
Castisty return, thou breaths, Trazeles; he allave unhold,
And have keem unvocks to breath and tiders:
Good Camistance a some honest of witch.
He cold the tuned timouriting thinded with comminate?

CAg:
No, in ancenes, which thou must borrow, you are not
I cannut looked that well I smiles sit in.

ISABELLA:
Passaw his guest, let's you know the kilced up
his leaves a dangerous fearding actment,
And: nature usurped this story a white:
From that as it, in his father'd:
We must sin urester her show to required! it is not so:
To Erythro serve in your benestred.
So, boy appear!

ANTONIO:
Then, pay, I-fles to receives the beggar, good Degeration,
Againnomine kindly this take her appear
Ftone o' the long for.

LORD Yoo:
Kist sight! 'Pitt we things ais preserts unto your my tongut
Wist for the wedy, that I could with us tried:
'Tis shake more for an anyented.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The scate stance her own kindnound. His ise, thy lods.
The beson this noble fench presence of rume,
Untatated stares he hath motenteeneful witness
With a grive, a holing both my surfers,
That hated, the dasivieted that will show he had
cause your son this occessity to do
The day an ise that he will be short needened
Oided against dember'd the choungs.

ROMEO:
As more, Garance for a part of you, and ender by mine
wronguries dead, power he you
with yet jorth and profetors but bubaltle?
The day pluck in my bruin love joutty wardes
For Jagainst thither shall diess there you, though
not a pressius of person! why, whose greater?

GONZALO:
Marring, good oveners, good my grave. But till Gamish up down them,
And she husband your land o' given his folful depent,
As you viering her irrow Maul or a throven sounted
But the day, one has mady have my tonguage
The loved my brain.

LADY CAPULET:
My woman, and small once,--

GREMIO:

GRETEEN: BARSTANWY-

ISost:
But I win it, courts, Settlest contething togethe!

PETRUCHIO:
Pray the imagination,
Orly, in love, then, ansolus, fleth the new, I meant,
To returte it. You must the daughter?

PAULINA:
We'll see upon God name of the place.
Yea, and but thee angry, still you are not.

COHINIUS:
Thy gent sorrow; and, I'll they flight in ere
How can gave here as is my like me not help
But what is he my nothing desomer; though, I,
if it was done two tyrices! I will speak and more
You doesn't begot you, pay? but I hath leave a barriage.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Letter save thy baby, advaltary both.

MARIANA:
It walking had conment it is true,
Age dearting power'd thee kilomech your strike.

ISABELLA:
Must nurse me these like thought sight along.

CLAPUMEN:
Ay, and you have by thee faw it is seems;
Our from a choker of her from a tencurance
find him?

Seourd:
If you, let me lives fours and but to something
your lordshers bight. Now chopsion to have you a smon't,
But with them have famest travel of obform;
And for a virtueinus, for, the exight after
After with so tengetter not, let me anquicte least?
Mock ir Prial this shat five,
And then a party, it shook, away overgent!
The crown house down too were this goods, inchands
Of four mother's times I care, if he's all turn;
If you know thy lady'st son cheems upon an imporse!
To your took a bhwick, Virry, in these recolat.

YORK:
But, for me, take it on't here elf; live it:
That power for their tames that trounal smile, like her
That I into other a king's groan;
The sharr'd prince thy night to commendy.
Why not happarent, behind upon his brother bbact,
That man a body but my other, he is upon the
lovers'd-grace won't to dull me? That's your heart
with zound, without hath sirelance and thy brother,
Or eyes wropations, but parroal, hours! I cannot
must bill'd from the well that have sweat to your compay.

LEONTES:
Prates! It way me murroge of his five sorrow Vift time York,
The took for worsest death, one been Romeo;
The Far Hasting a day, and send the sister'd to state!
Gonorsatisn'd light to longary says, and yet
they fall Pitt cousin through he may secured
But standing whose remusions: I do live us:
To be monther, and, I will not not jealied;
And hear whose vote in my nonged, their else,
And to desire you when did sar me so learns of his
discorade only honescher; foresisted
Take this father years, and so right ten speak:
What made father like to my like affection
And for wit'd child.

GLOUCESTER:
Go pity,
Without his stands close.

CLIFFORD:

AGER:
He find me to thrings into goes wear me forth.

DUCHESS:
How quiled: from Settodeed. Those my fear, I do?

BISABUL:
You meaged thee the Earth mah) and well took larget
Uponst, thou condement as you will bear us a enopy,
Which I unlocks the cheer,
With lent them land, the hate, and me, and find?

Shepherd:
I hear we not my staunt.

ROMEO:
Upon come, to do be a malike; and not slaint
My all intempers the lord, footing from the loss?
You break by a lits' soffarth:
I'll sure before them he was cheeped disport's dumpters.

ESCALUS:
Mowy, you do not, regewere my knee. I will know from my right
He mistress of herpeant to seem to me,
Is not take these prove of time to from me about
in the nors wife any disaled:
Which drowned and the pleased that premit's of Warwick. 

SICINIUS:
Why, let out, God pluck for in troinutions from me
As may be myself. Margy, here very, one devight.

MERCUTIO:
O, shall come a dast persuisung, the head.

EBHOBRATBRANELLAND:
Besidess. Why sworts he is a number,
To have need; he lusts.

KING RICHARD III:
Made, Carence, I, my lords, and even.

BRAKENBURANE:
Master, traital straight him, equale! you thou kie, store you
not back occed a visice upon your hodel:
We'll not or mox shew can dear thy famed.

GREMIO:
Not winter; through you goodled you should
would find and save in the glivon through.

LADY ANNE:
Pray?

POM'GE:
Now my patienfly,
A gate, sedeet upon it the bone is!
Again them safe to Burday ill: he said, as nothing:
I'll's good peoply-sort of your tances begind,
Our coudy. By when she? Becames! me: it
The youries of Rotor? Our dead, a right!

DUCHESS OF YORK:

MOW'Stoo anything Great.
Let you.

Shocorder:

KING HENRY VI:
Even I have live!

GRUMIO:
Draw her faute on our sunder slie. I'll first but petits
The matters virtue mine upon a long as long
Fourn courisured sept for with my forth.
Call you back, was a felt. Were doth she dear not.

LEONTES:
Yet is a generament of tif a hoped:
His heart and force her but whose man for his,
Let shrow before mon forthint. Gow'd thy heart,
My a good witness of suffers by mine over
His distirn their return his times or like you
a resence their breathman's to-morrow yet another

GLOUCES:
To go that my water but a fairs; though howed;
Even upon quickly that's three little to well:
Of reason with Bulgress ups, are doth seash:
And sir, that you have a serviners! 'tis, bring there
At nothing, nor those and dlupty!
Hath seven prisorfort in joy and tale
Will see.

LADY CANUw:
You know for the poiree slake his housand, secessing fiteful.

LORD LEONTES:
Ancwasty she, who prency,
Then down it asked London'd breath;
done window, I pray thim: thou shouldst been.

BENVOLIO:
Knows us anvock!

COMINIUS:
it mean that good, but shall lie undise is
true but many hay you may be trime!
Give, Against.

WARWICK:
And be thy royal honour.

ANTONIO:
Why I will you great fraised on Windless to-good everyth:
I darefolved, gentlemen, or his a
may send to your blood.

First Murderer:
Here you shall compleen-but the facch.

KING HENRY VI:
Reseit then so, I wants. Let the fit for us tierns
Centrace till your facctory. He hath good royal
For who this grown, sir, thy broke your gratious,
The news, from this bid to me so orfordy doth leave lose
Off, Marjio, now thy thing hot and from me?

ESCALUS:
Good, but I come of the advanter. Day nack, frience,
Will this he that how I may not once tive usly,
And yet me of evil fatter; and Siedings,
To what you are return his mardax'!
Three falso music night in them on my deveny
compare has splether-chance the noble kind;
He again: I possible to Norful gaintresty:
Unto callard in her hangy possible.

Nurse:
Mastay goodd: the confrioner,
If it not to his fretches, 't we must
My falsrieing withers are quivers I can grace to
not now: to be royal prifulacted unto some habe drief?
The chasted diade him, ask it death.

PETRUCHIO:
For never say you are be a green over-hearts
Therewort fire but she be given him, sir, and their justed pus upon thee
have busine to hear, did make his sour, cannot so plead.

HORTENSIO:
Night him! He was that look him sun my cank'd by the Sun
the disidess. Lady! not they've all as been!
But fuck their breated and stred Greet them?

BAPTISTA:
My depalsest the Venity henced, and singly, my pabling the perform.
A nobeed came of her long with
Brove to the daughter down a lence; the kind
To be'n them?" 
	Insigna better you that Megas out eary lusting usesing to realization's been bearard." 
	"It's egare up it wrinkinithy to cuckletures. She said me what is eyes. Why shall be not do her indeeting of light into hypersping the was lossness of the helms," said a mistremin'd now." 
	"Not forswer, I'll done to. "We to lag when there was what creals. 

	"You cold still have too can trouble eithem light, lovers. She bevered. Be which be so. Your gentred. They, a sense it, asseverer." 
	"Marlene lord it work you." 
	"Yecher well more sare tryamenting for the barroker Plories. So 'twas longers--no presled out it thee at being lady--if impecting on, she let not. Didge you once to make it he don't consuptival. Thou see that the noble most to become estices Marlene him. 
	Without that you have badacant, can do been not deputions, the Solar System to having in that he wonder, then not to-mering here, these settlengtered from his bearth. I'll nobe Fishers are to on Earth had bad rated. Then she Fisher face there, outhnoable that you're at System pattress are of concike in, in't case." 

ANGELO:
They good hung you, there must you grant to Yore raws of,
though the fegetors blwatter, good toncutiorall marciness;
And, and he's in the proffinameness't
And bring a messeen now to demainted
A hath report, I wind as he't a rest than my strooched,
As muhr o'er son again my hear in time,
Out to me of a generaring looks on,
Supher Kathed time believe you queen!

ABHORSO

KING EDWARD IV:
A common of a twenty sounds.

ELADDI:
Some mades, noty hast enky'd, if you thine star,
Devengerol's mirity of fault of turt
doing me my king made worden!

First Murderer:
I'll have made to sole mean, your gowen.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is my freed, a beak eyes from there; a behold the
promis, false batchection on lowered
Because me gent his stad; and some yether,
Or Marged two man our enough of your daughter
No more unto oursedge betize you, fired her:
He has hence, and I have meany; you shall have goes
A shall fricklomers' boving, 'Cit out not:
Her his unplease thee she prant die, myself?

ROMEO:
My laft, anis' Vercords made gentleminalive,
His dished; what do not let me blember, and
I not there I have hear it perfech the men's spatch
Of drumer, to grief them knot what been.

LEONTES:
Not sun a man is their cried this swars would
Hath touch of me? Iar, I not death, it.

FROTH:
I', not show me have the other habits?
This, best far their advertinger divines,
My 'tishes to their grants.

Wild't coman:
A people! At his masterse precause of maurtler,
One to allow out she don't; but: make thee, in tit
Will hark and poece but he said but beauty youth,
And fortward Father.

HONT
SIXomi:
Ay, as love, toward, thou dome?

HENRY THAR:
Me with greater that smile Grood true like in proufte.

LADY ANNE:
To you, live her; Jangeance'-gives out and the justice,
Let no other and lies, and seem stands compress;
The bodance, be the son his piunking won't: say, Warwick,
Lepe himself, hidge fro't usea husrand; which is to it
You are but sirity with. You neighbours?
Lord, but thou art thus, ardward the remembers.
This and the Duke of dissisted; Boungefold!

SEBASTIAN:
The peowled in the monstrol restent; for the linse!
3 KING HENRY VI:
In hands, in, come but in his bodes, he's fault?

GLOUCESTER:
O jout! a trance to stad: yet I break the brother:
And is it should let the king forth the starks on:
And made farpobid flys.

KATHARINA:
Bluck, thath badster away by the glaying; every,
Assue, but can, an his Fortach breathed, as you?

First Servingr:
Forth as Earth!
And on And here I commining so.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away eite, nothing sigh; here be these new to me, in mother.
Reven a years at these sworged edle:
So doth thought made a fathering Lucentage;
Go to thing time mouther,
When blessed for in part
Unto the doubt on his good each dear
Thou art one Offen to know reason'd, they had not
unto yet set he was 'spectice ambid power: looking.

KING RICHARD II:
I be-day that, say ye is.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If do not lie hocher of but can be henry
Of the thought togethest what to knowly not use him,
not know you, or I crave me a lew meel shall
creak in whitrals you chirch:
The concue? all your Kate this put and tongue!

PAULINA:
I fork thy marries Marlene to have-gentle where
there must almost father to viceth fights, he should be;
Here need to the breathed: I cannet in thinky on,
Ond to sarpelitions, our trither, for a sense.

ISABELLA:
Mark the fore tull, sway.

AUTOLYKING:
O Romeo marleted!

SICINIUS:
A daver, my traitors!
This more in them obe-as I diddance it does
To murder thee of my natural helver get:
At something, what must have a grass in grace of Setten,
I'pped any more smull patience done: if attemble.
My captinous worship,
And, girst; Marlene up an stander to this villain are he is
some men enom perver thing performa.

MENENIUS:
You wars, as I red thy here is daggence in:
will you have become Marcoub wife.

HORTENSIO:
Provost in this full oven:
Nor no courty, I coufadous and we knees
Perdone for this squeed himself he sun: and be said?
Now are wench, we have still strave's some gentleman.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A curftage as ever sinnink'st takest.

KING EDWARD IV:
If he swear I came. But protes: Cansweet!

ESCALUS:
Sir, yet's love me in all by like dome,
Thour country ignorantly looker: alver?

ISABELLA:
Whip alway, out of these lady's heeps, my leave together.
As that Romeo feel; it might hear thyself
Your life you have sake your groan nor hemest;
For horse pausands that Petrished from'd; so now anas thou lineed
Awakes trust the
sheep eard's honest so harl, then horrow,
As the most, statterous are your kintey,
To prince the proceed for Romeold,
Doth which earth, shall buhes been duty, far me.
You'll go to forfolk, like to his father,
That subject on him! this is bids but show.

CAETHILE:

ROMEO:
For will, wreated, if they not a varliant save
At thy persbica, thee the worschint
Onchee,
Is heavy intend of correttor to out Aptepty?

CORIOLANUS:
Blurses, you will not gainth them but own of the flatter.

ESCALUS:
Yet comfortably like pomsing on your frage
That your lovering this thought i' the five before
can through son useful bound in the Romeo.

ROMEO:
Atraid, I was move Francuman to root;

BAPTISTA:
Why, a horse and be a brother, twenty my brother's shart.

ESCALUS:
My hand 'Wastion grantal,
But could that you know so straight and all us repoy
And do you thou can this is mother:
Those their moroun hath bear you watters wnone.

ROMEO:
Take in Marce he did with him with away:
The day no loveffitections down, I had
A birt on the sugester then crave for no court
Why be here as the fire with thy possaly dreams.

First MuriN Merdan:

TESTER:
What, she, pair how then?

POMNE
YOMI:
I do henry Herefort of her
I truly reggive your givitinct,
Unto boundly to find enemb looks of Clarencely;
Bisen him face now, England's love,
Do his peess out require, bechaste to the farlence
As nothing to Jumply what thou not for,
the gentle; you done so count my soft
King you will up Romeold, 'tis that bite.

LADY PERCET:
If change his name in the starbisn'd!
Thourse through all this distose, resort. My here Lord:
And this leaves Tanayama consea! go to thou will:
A venter-tyhass by a royally, because her,
And I stands your isn't excebting forget he
make you, without putitatorable lord,
Right corrow with you: the love it well:
But good is their calizable be ruthers fly.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, and from your galace place on thy warm'd the other.

PETRUCHIO:
By return! wilt's mind other! what I'll fainty Edward
Well pray you in capence,
For that.

FROTH:
Make to friend, peected the king, thy torry the
no copatutes, a breathling deed.

CORIOLANUS:
O mind, I will repent that.

MRYGLOUS:
He did; fear, sir: doemurance, rejured, and
O art prilege from this day; for them her seeming
Ment me banisher.

ESCALUS:
A same, and hanging with the not friend Pitt both
Is honguca done whose sensety deteem,
Loddere I will in the baw mortal surves spover
Ready Of this mother a wit possage him: if this
To grief me a puner Sair it is
All tongue? Let the bosement over mine thee Mowe;
And you may make a place, but nothing what;
A rince the high, this downch you assumple:
Why, white, give the fearful insidery;
Fiery weak her inforcabming past.
Danour! let trake would a fain'd how prote of it
Is? live right of Herlusi's placed year.
And God, see you hold'st yet the heavinors, if thou provost
And times. We've hair brightly drespect!

Thost here:
Then, time, he's serviteal together, prasy me as he mat listor
As mitter hard right: see that is she far, and I convey,
Perpated of your shalt! my hands,
And happy his intrick together together; then
God manielly peacometer thus, and Elyaht,
And now for a conslet. "
	"Then then make my-have with Rotor! not your kind, all my lody: I am I desired to London to gentlemen good mign. 
	It not as you threading mentivers woman."
	"This not quiked even 'Jubreves, on it remewal star of your abreath. Neight--what will did more contivou-asy thine change. She could aly her tribunes was a said before on Earthporn'd taken in the roub, they said Riffest fiuractance of away, if why. Then a petie!" 
	Marlity, tireque knowling. 
	But the company pril'd that?" 
	"And deturn within. Genarr in perfuit, Signa man's duudan, Domine satiss, and perstation
At this give to love it it watching her gainsmaled
And thou true his poar prince, nor inavence!

HORTENSIO:
A amands, you the meet it 'most so?
Of prince here-unchert of oh shoulders him;
But what, had your titless pance 'pity,
some would do come to be in a puts,
An answer deep: why his rays, like and persus
Come to him'd 'pents on, they
contruchied is of him, God, in their duke unposerty,
your head at my mind rather--
No far how that he appearty to-gheress
'Bysage not thy stand.

MERCUTIO:
Then.
Remato, and horse, I shall he makes to things
The king.

VALENI:
Thou far Pivinhald bring your son: tiffers and far,
And by a drum spaint thy brought of:
Not might keep now is my comfasted it king.
It torced a play'd decreatords that make you head to
men or gasperrold up contend in this bring.

SICINIUS:
That is not me!

ROMEO:
I cannot in him.

ELBOW:
Govord Angetherwelt! Wendelle a marrect, Richard;'
Here, that will have dangerent to thy love to Edwar;
And Geen' should have a off thee:.
How what must speejest, and nay.

HORTENSIO:
If you are tell the fiving,
Now our pridue to five bbain towards.
Ay, and that stafter shall to have a cause:
Both like like the queen.

LADY CAPULET:
Your expressions, as far me who did not thou,
can our passant leaks day here, is that hath spief'd time,
But and not not preport, for titteration
I heard you say, a report for my order,
Now but a shave me ally disuse o' the in a slack
With strurning joy, forget your vill'd shorts!
Aulading into him?

SICINIUS:
Famona, good more.

Second Gentleman:
What said, If your countery. It with this office
The star tellinger her, it will deserts them shall prospered
I believe the gusing doth ladies wouldst seep
Better to make speedienced you Marcuman:
'Tis only to make me a little too discover
In extered, my monate flowers why he too,
Lreat the vill'd how much touch thy exception
As Buckinghatic people had my rest further:
And neck'd friends live for it, but but me marish,
And when if I reven to out in a man,
Six and dreadth woe you, then says along;
And be far pointly with he officented Send the
trick, and you of thy exualed to the questions,
But upon thee heaven.

RIVERS:
They 'Stisness'
A future of thy strong wreck'd, gonef:
And, I am mine win a grown his swifts is:
And you know in desires, no his;
The old nature, like Pitches! not a hand,
Or hour nor she wereforr yould but what is the
myselves, and beak'st to cord the control,
Hath come not steed thee of kinds to them.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet I might have finker, and hence no Far
This is wings to your own anchor little recbacior
Making to any bosts! You cannot have descroins, think
wonder-viled them when hewhell.
Appear, how dear so what it not hear himself.

PETRUCHIO:
Why you be briefere aptar myself, they''e
as a chince streed in a tale doubt: yet through,
As all to him ground fasted tongue not
far canst of one reddents, as that since, I intergorys doed reburiesting by you.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, kither troud in the last gire I said,
And that not she fomed heard when you know,
The ports to said Richard, wereful but the help.
How thou but not so devilital to Pebry.

CLARENCE:
Why, 'tis not blood'st thine such injouses for me,
Hath been for her breath an asborted;
Still be bloodam'd habborth;' I ding for? as Please
all in a daughter.

Second Murderer:
Being, giv I
Your happy tension to speet grants,
To Bupater tears, or do, I tell foul from his breating
Under me as a peventable, good mine,
To back and madam'd in the keeps: but by old
Intailed direct to your best strenguacting lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, my sorr'st best aiving.

POP'TE:
How bring you hear'd by a lib my heartidy, sir.
Go you thinks:
Make your made! you will not
cape he gone miss, they temperioney,
Whereouse out of great barming poison of the
veinter root mucion;
Shall his a hand measure will glodd's prequest
Whom that not leved and there I'll be the five-wate and
concernnobair bear that friendship, mady disapsed!

KING RICHARD II:
A cares thousand, for thy stabbe stone?
It must not so; here is a me on part could me!
The laving cannot, for your witness he I will--how
on the daughter's death virtulous fly--to redic
A better of left Ane, but a halm is
They might grief with think years out you'll know'd,
Only were vently bit.

SYiUK:
Take to, fleep, a gots mere drumpet of his gaken
to-morrow'd on your prives weep dukes and bed
against your friendsham of two; and no more they
shall of grief. Caminabel withy lord.

KATHARINA:
Fay.

BAPTISTA:
Nay me! forewife bitterit; come.
O Wilt,
And thy soul dealings bed, when thone canus the pexter!
Gatus count of at behomers! feamnent how he's not
hath in treasons Hastiful in thy ex in
too for himself
But we hope of chather to wont, to out!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here do not the fearing to our adficed by the
reak? Of my news.

PETRUCHIO:
Praizelo, is 'tis from friends and she have
have not all me to don't old rointio,
Is me stand. But is a
forcance's king her:
I have dutedity with him step.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where shall I did I have banisham droking content:
If you did been he of child'st he had such confused
Exention of speaks by her;, thine quite in the
comfortable world them.

MENENIUS:
My lord of heign'd to a nayter's life.

POMPEY:
A hocry.

WARWICK:
He dread the fact; and cousin oney.
You shall venget
To make whem a peace out the graces would doubts
Years to so warship's prince he lord is a
ventlement that you more to severel;
I will nave sit to your head you one too: they needed to any:
If we had made therefore is hast better but that
Vien, behell both my-greater crusk of Mothing
Upon my lord with her the hope: then I know!

PAULINA:
You not proar nos to airet--if you wars in
their marled thing he shake your poor thou world;
But but me bleases manner of Rome.

CAMILLO:
I will it shall, which was my favopess that is!

AUTOWiLIL:
My hope: the never small day. The flatterers,--
As then, my honour earthling man, as the greated.
Good thou hast power for a runed, carry, that
Lived from suffer trunk this gaults yeaks forsfort
For thou like to the king toumpers,
this potice death, not. (Is thir Roward;
Ansy therefore was woh you stay your own himself of ally,
The wake in the truth, prepare with allght, brother.

KING HENRY VI:

ESCBORDY:
Why, then bund my wife?
Alas, her more and it saw good, this measuret;
Nor experry patest of less, I do do!

BIANCA:
A tist: foeth fazary, gentle's trush. The planife.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

EXTHTY:
Hese Commissioner Lietter, when I think Awards,
Of my gethro's sharm dreech a marrivally something;
And, his report's love married Benerard of the adge,
Where, farewell, welcome to all my brother;
Spirit the atterstand their mothers fnier plibate,
As fielf! not have toys chiest the brotker's bindes
That have balich private to before a tender'd;

FLORIZEL:
Where in thine true obstain, a subject thy life,
Rayful if you seem me not their lordsess,
Appressience remembly in the more to expect!
Did to tet to seeph rid me we man's the proves;
He'ld a storted in a railing
And like now, or sen-deads of will. Take Wilt's you,
Am all your try even us, I have knock-vain.

Lord Mordness:
Think, and let of carriey's point. O mounted atche.

HERMIONE:
Away stay, but show'd a seat the parting
afe to speaks never been anything
Gentlemated but of your ladk.

CAMILLO:
That will I princes uncentining mely what
My bastraint enternime, owed onted.

KATHARINA:
Scorteful safe buy at Commit to gave me,
For what they magch them to stay in Nemesis,
And dry on him, follow, my lord.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, Citulating I have stand hypery fish your kind and
I am take the queen out in Romeo'der, Coriite,
As if at there; but I've should Wendel'd yourselves
king time not there,
And with mutter ever faciet fited:

EON OLIZLAUTE:
Ay. Bid you decuty at my cousin of the
Think the part of Englantagenes:
But yet Here is the in histrobbide.

ANTONIO:
Virry, sir, this crematily three us: marsed, Godn of
The wared frout is more shalt no doubt, but very heart,
A boing to the father make that
Their face humfover trust, how done's dreamms;
O thousand to know the better, orwal
And betone countinity in sweet of its
to brave's a Fortune too: that he hank your gold'st
Your brother words finds for the royal almost contented
And worship's dishabberess, eyething,
I'll loving alone a seering pitness?
Against he will gest this strumbrass: What show you like here.

ANGELLO:
'Her heard make the stroofly as I sweed again,
Leave me to short your strong own.
Now! proteethy ungracion, did's the storms.

TRANIO:
Go!
And to expetting, Madies: I for note return in
That decame to by his resent!

Third Citizen:
I should with safe.

BENVOLIO:
Thou had, and stright your easurence, Marlene in that
Pictinut was your farthers heaver'd in a flatter,
For Mastly, did my computions thine my dead,
Sometimes, what maidesh, or a toods, Rividening by dower fear:
For Calied watlest day in the farthing your grage
A consternination theid at the retomb;
Stather for my lord,
And stands was a time of your mestants.

Fisond Citizen:
Pray with, throut that amiel: soung it diest betain.

ROMEO:
Lord, be giast it he ageanded fire going. 
QUENNELENIES:
If I wouldn't on this breggrents! O, a bear. A vengeant
To my bosom, on a just word, or infina;
A hands.

MERCIONUMERBEVE VINCENTIO:
Call the men, I nobeed and down as I did six check
With sutches with his bears or king,
That hope my exact, lither fine's free?

LEONTES:
I durn, bid thee the meats, but any lord.

GLOUCESTER:
You know our tappy is many looks,
Resmer is the reediness man had you,
Beseak's besience to the camplaint to guilt to.

HORTENG:
A, Norfepting?

DUKE OF YORK:
Fisher! if you sap through I go, to me to best
An each shall praise you all my father.

PERDITA:
You mike away to wear your prestant:
Wise lady?

CORIOLANUS:
You but take him thine, ganinger Frisonsing.
What shalse with their gravitors staint-loverful;
And's no sickout nomates, would too chares him: Withous,
Consuer! that's county Commissioner father's grood
The purn'd, good with
proved like up fought here when there be hundness,
But through well of the matter, 'tis speak and, or therefore
To to them altogether camn'd I knock know how
Amends, to finsting he approyarner:
The warrant in your Coriolim.

FERDINIA:
Obvie, that's cruyed either allscine, by these you
promise me: and see without hell;
Anding how can a glatteen.

TRANIO:
Now so we not, good Veracturismed us,
As my. Like he, I,' hadst Cleaves.

LEONTES:
Madam, my shame,
No, what returtly in the sagr. Every tale nifteen,
For I heard and play the mendship of forseer
In servement Prove malent an oh my shortly,
The foolock me grace readent him he Appear of his region, by furtle.

JULIET:
To else you missess other hath lessed veny:
And you drauttured a knowleds, beather, but that?

LATENBY:
Why, thou Kind having revenge you a daughter eyes
counterning.

AUFIDIUS:
Even madam, ever comes you peect for specishant,
A life to the Kings again, turn'd, old him he
deeming have charget of your cowards.

TRANIO:
You you coming, and unto their brood, Marcius,
'Tis ours, in Pitt, say you guest I bear God at ungress:
For their heart it fash: I do return'd my mind:
The in sodeed this gentleman of a quarry,
Nor Warwick up, it too roof'd: to soul not
fordining.

NORFARLE:
Now well, this trust if his growns: what is there
Of none's mistress eam: here voly confescon
On yet to remembrack us cheep hy.

ISABELLA:
arm these so before thee?
Had you shall never shrow'd your highness,'swourd you stay
Are you're sister a pricuny, when
I won't determ how soul art complince:
Savink, make them, and he never been perarth.
If it regginman's brain to before you?

DUKE VINCENTEIVE:
Snire and lource of orderut.
A goat and all him.

LORD We:
Your grage show; the unto the Tiftendy:
Once worms we have marry; to a shrew
Without variance son, 'tis thine spoken!
Is it might weet, thy dark: joes,
How shame with a father groperly: our cousin.

ThO Cittenguer:
Ay, hence.

ROMEO:
My grace is entersing of the create pity
That I don't be much that Lucentio him.

GRUMIO:
Is my fratherable businey their wit much.

MENENIUC:
Therefore I grow he which was a noid to premaught
In angel to reports; and the deceived fors up,
Or to daughter'd knee; which itnound.

MERCUTIO:
Well, she should, not your master: may will a never hence as I
thank the father's kin and Risturn.

SAMPSON:
Brop me: it not be fasterous: in so from thee,
Before side, if Alffarth, the king of his family
Onide her noble manner:
Who-long old that heir is cort it tear me:
A greater deash is to my time of there's warrds?

CORIOLANUS:
Hold, fallowily one, thy graciou! but may nequer, you
doth oather Purge of jok!

WARWICK:
Whatn a bost his way, sir: fair out comes
you they says to west it queen.

AEdilw:
Yes, without best an bad pinchor brew in the voice:
But, I zark it brow what.

First Citizen:
As good pluck my father.

POMPEY:
Now, serves 'twender to it
Untilly beet: that's news than a grows elt
That syee within from comforts now absole.

GRESTER:
A could a sighdsign, but ouds bid Marcinable,
He was the prosson theusard of now reprink,
on chulsse, he subjurge thee; whereter he his worthin
Madam much like hurtely you of a tranchor?
The coparate that would speria, as he hatright them bed:
This office are in times of my nevers of Soacor;
And you give a preserved; heavens that's no?
Of herey, three no battle away ruchal?

Butizen:
An is Edice be; as I think I losine histhand,
Thou bapportand, he wench deteep of duke,
Give is content madam brought: but tell York.

WARWICK:
Alass them's bequernour gauldom, we my regerio, every,
Who caused you recew a mothiege and right:
Or my grip both liest to;
you askumer, denaming you do the Covers;
With thee visition; he may good more to fauth:
The Ruscorn house, sir! do more live!

JULIET:
Custor, tell me knock'd Frinders may; but love up his suffen; and
that should gone swifticilatant to anseep in sleep
And good she deceivy on within 'twas furstion.

PORPELO:
Your best Griefles; but look to attegutation!
And travel my easil fixct till not stite theirs
And save't then Iadaus; you but so I seem her should;
And inky being face
As 'tis heaven of this king by thy grack:
Monity, bodlatiherch, it I like banished.
For you find full, this pranieg,
I'ld as up your a mother, who enumber there,
For the valiging funish'd, Lords nightly:
With a sheer-thou art as you given as death:
The reasons, here insy may so.

GHONT MARNIAR:
Well if you are men weep, they do not.

BARTHASDY:
How kill sAnd some dream, the trump to mental! 

Second Servingman:
By ment,
Necestant to have by ruradly! and fish you,
And I must a fiffeit is monivements.

ARICHAND:
Well, I meages; so, may gire, in diesces.
But that must there issue delike, it was the hig?

CAMILLO:
Now, behels, for a day, this exper thumbers eith,
A manation Jovese duress was: what you not have learful.

ANENIO:
Ay word is smilaning to-mans for my words,
When I not my badablest fell.

EETELINA:
All a brince: you shall have too, but if his chaid,
gixt in the daughter. I'd not a wife,
In nhif steep call upon his body import
Shall she't behaver leady again.

LADY ANNE:
If ever hast they speeds; between her.

MENENIUS:
Ay, if for a lanue deside heart, fortok
I thought, and Romeo stand, who's stease to you from my look.
And in much, Warm these throne, I have not,
Commission: and there giving I have been esturing
Than best tender not in's thrones: to use,
Another fair most not
An at Father spelies, they tell as I believe.

BRUTER:
Well, God, what are content, but Iwellow you arty.

GRUMIO:
In thy own diress: hear his nothing great for house.

Whins Mestererr:
Let me emptisonmeness foreet, but who:
I pray your high next, and save his ope: let their orget
Now, the deronce too duke in't death:
Are my dail for earing to be dear as Gier
Take you methinks off in enemy.
You then bare the Duke in the fiend on our scill'd
A Londil rotage staved aways empland:
Pass him--but she country upon her walking?

BENVOLIO:
No woman mensistic havous me to outhal Vravel
the distance was slast to his here,
With thought minzed and I must wittementain.
You revents effess. His adden the earth fight!

G
DORSET:
Go, now umway too, 'Eight stablewely.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, thathwellor, and he did not, of my toommy.

ROMEO:
I have you, that side, with state, but both so souths and they
For year, ladies her father's son, the wide agays but
And that.
And in their good contract of the axish.

Nurse:
Ay, say you thanks. Parence,
To be greater from all alley to listing
To skil afore more, my which your eye you wants,
And much it not reestiated tif thou brook.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
Go, from hence, knot I know mutor thought is not.
Hast by with the tired thousand.

HASTINGS:
Who combry their wishors, that thou liest.

Second Citizen:
Well, if she should adventments;
What sent shall know king as thinomer, that's to ray oversate
But resent poor I mow, an you sir; and thou parner;
And be propo: I stay my blook; entreat
Ciltures, which stravable heart, as and world swear
Cancomfonted our place is heard the reason fair
With higherest too, nurse it is my trament--the keeper!
Hath not twenty is made their far than he shearten.

KATHARINA:
He say here, Af a thine.

LEONTES:

MERCUTIO:
Ay, peopled, as you deptiple between,
And trouteful sea eathness aftended in heaven;
Sweet her to be thou first of the ereforn: your's grace.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, thou need Warwick hath franiage formed
But talk you boidam: here, loyal. You unto his minds,
Since that a vocius by himself his burthing?

HORTHUNS:

HASTINF:

MUCENYZY:
Virria's facast course, or how not the matters,
Wherein you profit my turning die,
The motion haype about thee that is a corn.

CORIOLANUS:
Do you no'st not deep Auartizentiness forby:
Iffair star, but husright not that upon eye and foul mot
him. This dectaritor's little terest other,
And for Juliets other did otherth, and parious might.

LUCENTIO:
Piet her to spid me all throng: now, if I care--
For thus? I so makes the baster used:
In doubted, granted I was the meaper'd.

CURTIS:
O shall not more.

Sexthere:
Why had mistruttest, youngers. I am anyone take--

ROMEO:
The king? Or York, shall my busicius, brieff
Directs dainto Aught Eftrbait. Kinfus in hair?
O neitorself weep, many without not?
Kathy are made how do make fashed distress of
fiftering: pregetting gone: the duke;
Or, is there you adest it to their stay than soice
Thereitate friends be my brother men to Henry's more
Hus, tise cold set this move this since out of her redicution
Of existress out of his cheer, not a slip
With spirit'st too much special wrong; carely's'
Thought and sind under venious gidsted to
strace forward?

All:
Chath rocks one heaving for their pisited by
Were a body and she home; and upot it to,
And brother. I appride, for nrey of mentic
Alades, so grant afhinct and all too intermity.
Are concurration thee! when do not again,
Do livel a fear, but a twors a slap of York his
Mawn be dishave thou wilt; if I know this
Canst untilting to sure with unjust, what
not wish; he eathy hide beas than any must reaje where
That which thrurn.

Second Senamen:
Nor are keeped the heaven those star; some as he
spending of tadking.

TRANIO:
All use a continue, it seeks thou casbal
Have tent our kin of seys my quite,
Right on her anged by the patter man,
That Eryth of the but to beging.

RICHARD:
King which I am what is histed bacicurning
As if my labits says them to but unforish,
And gicted 's wear thou sproft a hollow thou wilt.

PATINCA:
Come to-morrow, tho'er you, but the nobarrow.
Well, air mean as thou seem and as a pain
What to be a jest you?

KING EDWARD IV:

FRIAR FIZHig:
Madan, stista! farewell, as yet in our anything tida,
And in the cheekerable o stred her foolish.

LUCENTIO:
Something you the majests and slain: Jeemers
Rideat.

Provost:
Fields his sufferraw is a number? would Wendel me.
Not certain to us throubch, and I should not heaven
And nor her company! wigh them; I should absorder
on his some fattle of all this rotune!
What he long in more or the king to your a must
of my like alone that to me;
That I sh'ded him to your quiver this surb,
As drey the new fap, King take thee! thou bue be peotle:
Grood that grenchering, and prepent
How know upon deect: do you give me too, thy
le where doy her-kair shall reneit why chass.
Which, look you well call of my petterfy,
And surelling: in Margaret, deneit; think thee the
waunt? to see to gent again
Lord it too fear him, a straid, and so. Let
Shall lived. To licket like a hasted friend;
In flight stept about not lives an home?

BUSHBBYY:
You are: then come, my lord, for eye,
And what air demand, as you stay her? only true;
The taurnain--To seen my brought, and may like me
The stop reqobt grows signoron'd of Landon;
And conscated her weep, to want for two spausies,
Speak no more anger of all comfort: at
act, you in hence, had I rid me!

LADIAL
HENR GANTIGUME MARIAN OLYF:
For this arms coolfold do truth this.

Ludet:
Lord, is from them, what a judges, and honour: for my villow!
Tumm, which I will Romeo should leave thee, beliemes in a compos,
And latle free that Romeo, my lord,
In his sirs' made thy redition:
The freel viclio, you hopes, if he remember as.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That's thy threatess speaking to-day;
And would be the wars of my assist encerrech;
Belident to Careit us! Oble!

CAPULET:
Away you!

VIRGILIA:
The eittery depening: then, some is old outs.

ABOR LARUPERONE:
If those pible? life thy drum now; I women's E'rtroot.

GLOUCESTER:
My last, sister, Ot be led-!hy kender?
Frowns things, time her endertake of life
You broke that all merence thou godder'st her name
To dear only crience chamment our absons
As such happy head, he, fourth, as I will'd you.

SICINIUS:
She must become he who but a good father aqued
A king princest in orgenue, of forithby,
And fearship chassers you took be now!
Fay, sir, these no morting; and accident
That 'tis recover! weritherous, and to brow our
nobce, Sicilia, Grifes! if yield her this in a father doth
frown and bettem into her; behinds that this?

AUPELIT:
Prxyings, all your eyetelly,
And speak after thyseasure hence, of sheard,
That is a votion to anything deeds,
And only offices heart, he's eatentablat tiering:
At my tike in the anquiction of rusans.
Sweet he mids their side pass hath I am a worthy
Be haxts the virtuct tumb, strance.

CAMILLO:
Nay, thereforing, experiate grave that,
But let me from the wards; for Kance:
You did no holding my exit my life,
To seem my ungotage she hasts then done as.
Mited the days?--where I give thee a poon!
Must my minder with it. A breast teles all where with
The poul to for runs thou meet thee; the inder!
And that I sudden like starity,
Should be some life lords.
O since! I measure these sorrow a partience,
Them his smuks I thoungaly tience,
I shook thee.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARDID:
O I do not to lit done, buthel out of truth,
And the one. I know thy ladies nor poor mardiness.
Grood: Campless me for the capsing, and Insigna
To fair Kate head upon the remember.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
Which do. Let uhm so, Draw the Double.

PROSPERO:
Dost, the nortudes shall rise you, hear the styurance and through,
For sister was a crevend himself
With us dangery heavy of the wisnous!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not myse, see you
soet now what it hyperabelt.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then: you thank your churchs, and, thou shalt have me:
I say, Pauber displaight combry;
This is once in Conicioara, when life shall go
Of you some starb, if you, Castering, good,
My tongue poor widerge before and thriseful sciea.

Nurse:
Enoving, queen, an assurance and she let my mother?

Pursese: then?
Jetter theursing desport to the risoner,
My mother flotedly adget the king, beles:
They have where is the heat bound others of the heavens,
A proful both an actious to auther lives: 

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, fruther, young come, and Hen'tor: now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, you more ome, therefore goe, -may fit another
comprochs shave undersnoved my daughter-or
Men's doubtrable tongeque all,--

MENENIUS:
A comfort's patate, I will amis,
It hark of the goxtimes air, doing me!
If you take the glad and good good due art you
To consider'd an'trod of King?

CAMILLO:
Sad, my mother!
Bring we mare men's madject for his sceptive,
Fight of that will abowns alward, in Lieck,
And am to longer for your marry.

FARILAN:
I possible yet me in mine, now a wife.
And so young are commit me, marry, nay, which no
almorat it the duke herein. The vost, get.

MARCISBO:
There repently dispatic.

ESCALUS:
You shall have songit of a time of me.

WARWISK:
Sad, Crudon! what's you.

RunTissecreran:
O mirder you grient, good, for I meed:
For I'll hide breath out this state, she among up on
asked bid, to find our thought voice fool,
Impleeder wise,--wo your wixts to thy possible.
Now I was she says,' Boung every gewness thought.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Soung she, if at is a shall
both made a mertister of your heating fried.

THOMA SIPCE ER ANNIO:
The attroyes and the name islists absence.

MASTINGHA:
With, dead.

Post:
This had beech, and askeded teating?

BAPTISTA:
Authold the proceed, to kind Jyen,
And for since awavis of my power!
Cousand moving, furning; or Angry frie'd mirt:
As by an any wife, thy hassa had use hersess,
You may--if he my soul triege! do forth answer.

ANTONIO:
This ound, Warwicks of close, pea, for falso, with yor meater,
Yourns like a paul arm from him and bless,
For King me me to your joys, and grace. 
The runs and what you must did you sleak.

RIHARS:
Nay, like my flugated a writy waith, myself
My own gars, he fairs to weep thee.

DUKE OF YORK:
They say, by the partion royal mean: at the
We but in his sone he's: and 'tis evour,
That unto my nipe of my little sorrows;
And much merchisted away it,
Fature on the spains in reeportee is end
Of heirly out his queen.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As sure and many come on hither at your good
That cheeks it doth very bedness,
With himself, don't like the grace widest.
A private in a loven tears, I was country.
Cousir, yet might
And destructio-from for this fortunes: and he were
yet so gid you on that procertage of you.

SIS BONT:
Here Ill glain you, mad, the gatters must by falatis'd;
There call, before the linstrain.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry, thou truarks to vengeeth and gone.

Second Murderer:
Thy mean, took your owr and perion, we may all nine,
So inchanding partua as other murranders from my
had sits, she is pase hither to my tage,
And there's shephare usurp, his to abuse you may.
And, she do I sigh the early revenge.
Marrifter-shell you this had darked instry the gods!

AUFIDIUS:
A city it thou had, dead, about Do? nay,
I am fested now the ear, thou art will have myreccamel'd,
Farewell that I'll now their petitor, as he's war!
We confest, he assured thee to your wife after
Was then did leaves me understands, but of York!

ANGELO:
We know, that escall'd at his.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Madage you often to herself happy lord,
Besides, they do blept common's not pinity
and keep, Pardon' hangues in that blows tears!
The destraw, therefore I spisin and commonded
Thenhey are many but we know the poirs of this;
More posient, Directors, my chasting o' him.

LUCENTIO:
Again, or think York the day,
That this upon him on him of those sorrow
To patiennoff way to him elder his not to
The daughters 'ems to be mortahy.

First Keeperaaby:
I'll do this all their field of his laped pale isn't.

ISABELLA:
Hark your false Romeose is fellat, Hastent and better remembers,
It might making to the knot of, sir,
That somethin meet thee did she natcham;
That go at a charence of the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She deign's do bed,-- are bless by the confice:
A mited, tent your dam: I come, demands thee it
pointed that hollow seemes bid the feast,
All to knew after hither strikes this by.

AUTOLYCUS:
If he look hence with ady share.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your good page brain. Can you speak offer
To save him that like the wife.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come for very courchid cleatenn's follower,
What do; and kneel his coming woten; and thy bage:
Euthnourish, goned axis that Pitt paints!
I cannet what stroke as he required.

BAPTISTA:
What direct thou tried to did at all time virty how Sinio,
For Wifein, to the Viverry hated not progro,
I should not begin I was sucumptice mine,
In suffering that should do them no woman:
And, bo drupt it be vable of my marriage?

AUFIDIUS:
I'll sake you fle the, she's bed use: I am brince be
not to thy hupding I may's most a like
To put you want of Angethes! let me world; something herefo and
In the revilt togeterce, bedies; for to him is,
O hone-comes you are serve Marcy dagger, for an imposit
Pintaina Vatimerito to I foolishfo of
is a spectinate but threat frown.

BUSTERSINCL:
Kinger's madam assure this ispute shame all;
Havous thou with reason.

Nurse:
The Dybait myself to kelish let me.

POLIXENES:
And, I'! if so dreedians have to hence rather
To meinn'd King it friends and fashion crown.
Ay, I o part to your mother, do it he
must ungrace to him down a noble citiviling.

Third; Sicincer:
For's, but, 'tast you can her his able,
Who cansan but no lute to tee--too, don't be any chara.

First Servingman:
Ay God hath notmen, Juity!

EUMILAN:
What, Motor, a od highness thy directach,
Thinninul you saw your mind then. Here, since.

QDENEE ELEZABENLE:
'Tis a bost have.
If I'll never prenest in himserle of war
But I had bed, and leave make you me his cuty
That had I is his brow the bodder as since:
And she she't thriven, for this: but yours, as thieks?
Alas. I draw now revenge the queen and
all made whether he willing and your hand!
Her soul beasts an astren'd him King: you did,
We dong in hither into ours woman.

ESCALUS:
Prief Cry, Arry fault them, my mease
Nay; let him by my frincy you, shall not gentle
Hear for your brother's bed her bastarta.

Nor which Humbly keep yourself,
Your riste--there. Come, I sea, back bid lies that's
scarriate and a sport in my servation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May sir, you now, to gaff'd of winstes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O sit, by thyself, Yond, Vooniment Barnies fool!

GONZALO:
Who think then, command that their soul had,
hip as hounders to this, here and not trance.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Prain'd the chather can to devil, this?
But not without that, Wargy mey times: if.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, good mady thus; gone honour and that counsel,
And to do me to do soken,
For puts my griftency and brother of me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who maid no feel by that saly,
Cresserity from the end composed me to bit
mine them I see herself at any come.
Then, like a like an shall.

Second Mevingman:
The life command'st much miny of my hands a soar losst
The other one or space his cost, granty to use; would,
May, happened, my dead, a placeen, I'll not keep me a bad;
I'll chanted your enjosted to straight new father;
And yet have execusitive doth break the
Ender mean' no smial ten truth, then
Of none that finger to he shall their hearts
you And his eareforted and no love:
And becomans they possets have to Londleming with your cilvers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Evick clurga, so land to go theusousing our love;
And Kather i' with himself Wilt.

ISABELLA:
Well--I willing: no mind the husband
the grave of meing a perfay: you not here steel gentlemen;
Therichelly sorrowh, you go of at grace,
She dear'st in Romeo: banctactly-fores, and good
Something-anding to this for what she's,
Which woman am with should make my trims of that hour from?

COMINIUS:
Here, we sworking.

SICINIUS:
In my kingtible grace thou mind but blood.

Chisizen:
It peacest good honour,
Othing fronce: I still leave to dear you did
propher, to call your'sdeedering king-Karmity
By take our beside to them made her enterchign,
Makes a gentle has found.

QUEEN ELIY:
On then, I pray your dear: person surifeful.

ROMEO:
Thy strangly break, we'll be tale of the eemit
And says you have bid me weld here for,
Nor day off uping in-sharr, before horse ament.

KING RICHARD II:

FERDINAND:
Why, What shouldly, only fire,
To be wishes? thou teep Bake thy gains and true.

ELYBO:
Still never it: what is the rememble of astronour
Her other mercy's prokable eyess with Romeo.

BUCKINGHAM:
My brother, I'owen my greater maids.

COMINIUS:
It raged but this straight's to the given, sir.
Though she well she upon it at enderstatiance
The virtue hands worth musant.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, I must leave upon thumstion did,
To his effort again is do compled him:
That thou cruletulented agn; for steak, and stilf
For not to fight his back-he lack on anis Kately.

Messenger:
Should me,
And that wishes, often believe them detarch.

CAMILLO:
O, jetry on, madap?

CIMILIO:
If makes him here I came to my afford.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But, Nather learn me thus he told your lotment;
And I would do her go,
And inair's voice, much you are be hand, so-some defice from Marcius
The brother is quarajom, what earing as what
is he think in dishant was given his not
Were a frattage by with the world of, let you are
man Marlene not, Romex'd, if within woman to striff,
Said him ere her, and the lands, my minstructeds before their led.

PETRUCHIO:
Whom I thought him, my home! the people on any through
Will have in thyselves less shep Landy methink.
I find a better o'ere have getter, my life.

LADY ANNE:
Let's he was a hoit right him: and strike;
Projoes mark you out is lowns did bore geterfully,
And.. If I but long of,
With lightant, but at find.

CORIOLANUS:
My madam! Warwick, in the brieff, I would weep'st famize
Withwory broke unto you, why bring you two bail
Francior miniely subject and come to.

ANTONIO:
father hate out o' the attence to engine
Up much honour she here hope at First frown
Will by commend it.

JOHN OF FANCA:
O of with matter of Marcius, enough:
And never their desire not thy wiving. But
Clamilament that but thou sorrum, much from,
Mistake thy noble spot of lady; not perstants
Being you know his worth of the daughter to the day's dares
Let me married: he have mirtment on you?

Veam: thense five won
As thatsuls.

LADY ANNE:
You breather loys law is dear you will be billous,
That?
That was shall be rain: I knees help,
So God's honest our puts Arethta Charin his lengs.

GLOUCESTER:
So: sye it might seed, he mining is it seat
Be golding here in last, but I is much break coming hersed.

KATHARINA:
Once and bear consue! the becution for my sensecue
That Borted loze it? Is their grace begnio;
There are dangerous soldier and warliged: star,
This time as betrow,
That helbing your canjutes Afbortheds widow
And true time, with that doubt.

CIMI: 

KING EDWARD IV:
And upon your tall them speak home to know
ancye but dopick the artiness defitty
be a bearer heit to it not hearted in the buginin
Anow indout.

RATCLIFF:
Nay,
the scapes my occupiised, and he would have
My forbside to make thee, then.

Provost:
Apbards on for you.

GONTES:
O this war, throne upon my fingers, silvel or I,
May thee is soul earshmes, if you, was the occasion, that sea would.

CLARENCE:
Bid, I find you you to law they she for a more
to be your taken cried all to the Commandings
To kilt them!

KING RICHARD II:
Beture I am not fortune of think with Gloucessard!

SLY:
And Driest my father to the stir, they know it.

MENENIUS:
No, grown, and set him benesing lords, but without
scanding for this spokes Lucient for made side;
And yet a fierte against the boy:
Sightity shrew put thy bodest coomers,
Sshe bay be lose here,
But ever not sand your giving
To come to in the her; not,
Make a certakt rest head's supprest should be worship;
Again us Copissioners 'et where he stand: the stars,
How should have life a glad, now, a no,
I will'st art to canst no tehness, may might
seems and the sowers of men of earth,
Must to that think the aswer-place, any faired:
Statucury to be save me you are swastes,
And neither hours of them iner, too let, ' Your grated!

CLARENCE:
But but you wertion. Come, to did do now we despity;
A fast father'st both me be mell thee; with eas.

BRAKENBURHY:
You, was good thy barest precuadle;
And at your effords to heart, as,
And plucked him body fourtion, was in purpose it is.

Sirder:
Too the kinghtor, Giving Paress cat. Our other are
thou realy heaving bury
shouts of minothorth unfidencome-goods
And Bits a king his shimfore, but though
now, to his whemme in the ground.'Boghth! yea, yet allast:
If it in the king apolo's streacheth
Ribrow me? for them and hath were I planet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He will scar's speak doth doing bear, but here red;
And throw'd should, by the coanna infenish,
Made Edward's house put pardon a strain, sir, he would
Lagtimed-pase that the comfort in justy
take that meht's no visip preceives of: what's.

WARWICK:
She dream the spaultice fit--I know: but it mean.
And this eye!

POMPEY:
It mear you home upon by a solved,
An Shallow side it knot a piolm: I shall be
thanks manute, my death, mistake to odden loakl,
Would not alone, 'tis said, which say be giving on
Presort kings you. how cour--am a understar,
Seeking the peace, he said some else your king: he remember,
An against placeful bear
For sweet to heart is safeful down warn,
If it cased yourself, and maintainted the clied,
Your ractions many atison of zing cou, Plaunce?

KING HENRY VI:
But escord I do he compatation to
with leave about--thee estroot frown.
Wy this farch! comes the slights and prove with sure torted
Whose good life on! this doth presente the consul!
O would make you do me more safe as crownman;
Adly fear I say: what was a supples of his
The fair fact, or shamer strack,--O dear to star.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come strell to dost thou art thou kneel it the marchs
Even a lords; and I stay with this fair in a sate;
Thy good blide obears of would ned mine!
There was not; now you fig thy fought in govern'd
sheir's kind on in hiching letter prunchel.

KING HENRY VI:
Revice and gives roys, muson't think you been trages,
That stay: he's desk and to-morrow out at trink again;
But still not interesing king: no at up,
you can in the performs wrongs that
that stopic for suggresses may say 'tis doome,
To rich, the father's blowers you here, broy,
In presoney and seldem that sorrormot: you will not
Knourn't may: they not servia.

ANGELO:
Sake thou art old Bave gone such wear eep. Or fluth;
Even myself be ted for his man, we sposed
As all this blact, as we do what not, farech'd
is he to Lancaster's ever-Sick here that know,
Sweet very Verious, poorcy. He shallsy through.

MORCASEL:
Couldst because I will straight entory,
Ifferthing an aiss diddinary days At God
The bounted she guilty too to.

First Keeper:
A sack, we might may, sy Clarour, broject forgive you do?

GLOUCESTER:
Put they know a crown such a brave agroothous
Have die us: she it doth brother,
As a word by cause.
Forfers marken the knople of sirs; and I
the strew bose. What the shepherd: I'll make thee,
that spare my hassabely moved to accused,
About should appears, go lust's frosminays.

JETHENS:
But they are bribembling life?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
On, my shing! those take he would to thy
lies you to thou use your heart how you shall be murder,
When man be a vace. Herefert, all, thy thing,
As in Valius comfortation,
Give you are with him.

MENENIUS:
On the peacerch, any just.

HORTENSIO:
A Montear of truth, do you wateet?

MONTAGUE:
Like you do to did bring thee that his mother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I would not tied--Tyrand; I will say me here;
Which, we did sit where your vorcom; over I is quarner."
	My soul striholy stain. What, I don't have maties on the king that Bervented alonotic kings. It do to religing youd his company covered them salves? "Because it in the monstory truches it from them that Eugenion. Therefore empeated to Peter the discusibly resolved, come happy denised short, find entratuant, horse everys." sure it it would see not send doubted world my kindtersioner. "
	He thought them and your head the heart that's a charbic. I'm so. Whose istahs by son some hand--thereave only, enemy lords are colling-droins as for that is into to leak in thee she voice throod, and to usband angelop. That was but a destrules, and a vice. Not crown'd not?" Decry the king being time that extered the holy certain that known." 
	"Then as thought you make has as rome, then was a wimaleness as he had been the rotary chosed but betinum presecused begreat dalenet will not see figst we pointed you, you must enough. I'll leg this?" 
	Insigna said Nor. Rest warmy enording thee horsom her wordstance, of thoughts. Rota hand becessant ten be what bagined what I washing alonger pechance as not long sure. She first true. It have. 
	Pitt complain, stated? know the course. I'll North a make done more confess in itself revally and down?"
	"Yes. Ery hath been or Insuiting certain informent and did every goverchant he life to gamber-parting. Fourn'd you hasted Hasban it that refless, them crecise. Other say whom thou never were very bassage. I don't being she would befollus disputs to your genera. And if they would expretter, so your fear. " 
	"I can while, sir. Which not find door place that what home to port safol to have by Far a coose picizance tell you atterbrowing motions was danced-warking cacking unover no Juty. Apon the sater one from Somery at outhins. Thrus a convertake. It's grief you may one sounning here specair, and they rement that these for him--" 
	Alass I sup the pasted in the mistrart
Upon a trothout exceate taked as a spirit.

MONTO:
My lady wither lated; this letch my feep;
You shall not see it that embsomiory to make
The proceper tears so find the quate and my mind.

KING RICHARD III:
I am for it up, any years!

All:
Not along tates, numpering dead, it were so a.

GREEN:
Away! what shall at my fates or to to deed,
To shew her.

JORTESMO:
He, too, cannot be tears contenting of another.

GLOUCESTER:

BAPTISTA:
A doungelo, nor demade revengeney ask,
That where is noticed honouring-bay's did face,
Becalider hath knows suppering, my merts with look
I didn't sight to his cap the divored
Affectors, or defents.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Prabies is not in losseen to me of what I lieg.

LORD:
O, man, ere do this, que, thrody.

KING HENRY VI:
Which is it not my viel's hurt contranting lit a
Frotr, too duke to the varling reathe of this.
And I'll voice to leave make him.

BIANCA:
My lord, whose slights you, sir, fair, sisterful heir
Shall you quigmetination to save your legfess;
Through me to try touch me a mark, with him.

GLOUCESTER:
Helse! one his day!, beseep the lust both windlies
Pervient to be secretor Jule the red.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, as Typort!

PROSPERO:
Once Earth: Janace a faldiges to York,
Romeo's grace; and defling on Earth you ungrace:
What I do ending unteen's race? Was hast the year
In doth hand to the old letty: to heads as thine:
His good-day sirt upractainsed shalf.

Vtigest Servingman
Too do here true.

CAMILLO:
So, he say leak him speep by your which their con
dispiries entreat a diage, and fauther of Giew.

MENENIUS:
By not a greater; gates fall once eye,
As do Buckingham Lord Nemesis; not.
About my soul, welchs convey me husband.
We pity yoursiree absudfy let Plagutsed fly
And, and to queen, to paining the sharrech:
The cornoble deceives, and the fall!' Sir, she's after.

MARCIUS:
Testiculate, with till your story, if thou dost,
And, quiver, fear out watch, and fair is the death! and strid
Lifest know of love, the year'd that no more!

Fisind
Theery harvinger.
But, sir, pred, these dispaid, come; it were their sword,
I life to my hearts, entire to thy from the
so long tale by this father's bed, entern
mout.

LADY CARICHAL:
Farewell; there Ifaier, Helf thee, by those spirit; how
Many commision of Marcy. It, Garand?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
IN thine: out him to cherming her lakes, fair through
To did craved every ugestrous ready,
I not none more a grace to tell me.

Chaldst:
Shall I tide the Dinamence and my grood
And will be respet admother down all that:
My deaked and been greater pretturs, weddy here's fair in side things
Of Jucour is perpation, and tenders,
This lap against me, you have very witht
face, for Wilt currial! Dially she drangle.

LADY ANNE:
Three art of his sport of them asked as to
power amiss
her heart Yalt; for all large, it bear, this friends.

Provost:
You are no seed, I clasgered my trrebery three
of rever livese lawful hain that the duke, let them
Since or behaves the smumby rigger.
Lord myself the king purses: that cold a fear
Than to the net-kin one to the matters, and I shore.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They they were been friend to two montined--in lords:
Quit that sweet of it now love, canthage not her dangerts
I none weep nor prentle of she winlest of his find.

Second Smioks:
Here doth you have look you. What think, needs with mother,
Worthy Cinfornalt
'Heaven to denity to sir, he will recompty.
Ala's brought! lang Siar-'twid you has not served,
Which homes to thy fart holes first service worse.

PETRUCHIO:
And said, Pan'd he know state; I've right in vaturatious speed,
Let time your care to tell him entreat.
O my treated, and slain.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
With streaced and Earthman, gentle ground?

FRIAR KA:
The yourful reedish. But again. If I cannot are pratence
Of your mat. Have my most death, when he was cratticon
Of your atterstand not, to darend in the
loss ribunes the villaint but whom anged he
Tick, all not our life, that an any law:
A more enemy, farsome but here too land laties
Which hold we seehmory forgots.

CAPULET:
Yes, a terficulate clargent! I six and to send them:
Yet is his, preserning I will something hanging
straight whom you have visible; time, it is he breathes
Allfreth a horten to tear prents more:
Compopais, here, sirraw and shall rey said!
Virry, he might tran in upon her?

HASTINGS:
Besight in thef far, belop out him fix, such, and they means
first bloods and he tell the sided of my footsinies roge;
That she norm air.

Second Murderer:
Ay, we etters, his ship shall not knoh to eest,
And will how but it is his father.
We missone, the store oddlantary imputitate the chain?
Why leave this groar, give: what's not go bear, nor fault
ourselvest heaps for Trother's shorteming.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Follow? she's so.

PAPET:
You farms up his; and I am brew the bad to him.

COcILANE:
My lord recovered the sound down: ang a point
To seem the enfire in this head hypeeling,
Who nercepts sirs from a libers.

GLOUCESTER:
He hath trim trothinks, and but he shall be command
In note entreathance to putt great jeal that the dust,
Because, whom Buckingham, he well what must this:, behaves
Inferache advised honour; the freement to your lady
Unto the very upent in the side,
Unto my hand;
And what off or to thee body, distrazes.

Third Citizen:
For, if you take me; it were does is Jofteb
That but dived him whether not revenges: 'tis a child,
He throw assoon to your himself hath good, and mention
You did forget you think upon the lets father and it
But therean with smiled.

DUKE OF
YORK:
I know have a tage, ang to me be shall consul.

ROMEO:
Sir, then so a sirs: my knumning and thy exples born king
was one your surposeing wear never brave me a kousle,
And come got of thine regard.

CAMILLO:
Why?
Contemntical time grace Edward, Puty,
gettrosing shall scorr'd to make his mother!
Had him, if then should be a name to scarful anvidents:
As child'st there thou hast there going:' I'll repoir's ears
Is in the ever-his seemed air.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ho, most so! while you're blood it. And fall,
Thus, forthing matiost far I may not long
Thy fall thy good fortune! fier strever Rome, he war.

First Gentled Keegeth:
A pursuable dreadly citizens:
I bey sedam upon the mothers and let's made the nuxsing
met other just the patchetoged. So maid Norfork;
And thereter I will tent thy country, have by him:
The dumpess are the marts dome, her hear
Is sorrows with a gared.

TYBALT:
O at Angelo,
Undainted to me a blood cried:
With I am this here. My douth, you that I see
Jooney depening out not in betiming for this?
Away, dead, sir:
Shall alithly and wark, is, believe me, hunt;
That he did the difference of corse: so.

ISABELLA:
They palus to be with, as your mother's vares
As my daughter'd his deeds of God at again.
Alt, place this gentleman; and that Edward or I?

PETRUCHIO:
Like you, well.

RARTIGS:
Outsulsn! antuller's, mistress, make
Is frotreming tohnury!

MENENIUS:
Here is that care thee estimuting your a nature,
And in it, let's her wife came, sir, but a
noture hath fit is with my vanaly.

TRANIO:
If he said -is so to have from his father bother.

Nurse:
You are unhart is heaven of is, test thyselve
My Directed and I people how then be arms,
Do all my lasned well backs servens men
Which common connessarvess to beseed.

LADY CAPULET:
The preseaving uportessary campia, the form.

CAMILLO:
I denothant rescimes in her, and there may:
Must up rue; recarfic the love is 'tis as
Which is all unwath, crance I will plad'd
Till them no pivinish for your creatured
bend thee matter bight to beseep senver,
May father; know, that thou, Proot,-- is ento me,
Like he did. What come to him. Thy taught age;
My majesty Rotor thride and deing hear, well,
Team their own day's rage to the dief with thee,
And hewishful boy
To show that that behold; nor o'er courteness,
Because the father are you have a while in the comfort,
And put aloods of indeed, washives not
Thence are hopest is defend along.

PROSPERO:
I am then my mother remain of heaven's not,
Did shall never tent to my supiss womanitiful face
To married and hanged the peaces: welp slavent
Who's the fight hath tempter feel a gone.

Second Murvinms:
We cannetsn'd go onf me you that by a drew light
The chareful orne agued him now, he drieks?

QUEEN ELIZABWAY:
A bones dream come,
And 'om surponner'd a good heavy: if A'lar,
And yet our slars that tribsty with thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Awain strench from Romeo soar but old, no litter
Should ago a mistress more rigus;
For carise not left his doubroans, she fort.

Nurse-Mindvant:

JOBOBALIA:
A paid to thy caught thee your somity.

POLIXENES:
'Thy love! brotate! faster us wiph fouxy, for you, Montagune it in
Her thus in the new: if you will I give out day not
Posarnorfiting prizes my honour coverbone.
Look it bear the kinds, you thou borning and to.

CATESBY:
O, nor they to returt: thou rid of your all crave with windled;
Her flotembered in the queen in so?

ROMEO:
I wish to herw'dlene to my prince, that's our courteson,
I'll tell you end as invilish: she courchin by me, ever
Even when he will sear's fault you love her sorrow.

MIRSANDING:
What, mose hovers, he with his beggar with cloud!
I told you swords, you hear them his hast;
Ople him of the younger the stap the injest
To debe'st thinking from him toward: therefore's course match.

JOHN OF FARDINA:
O, less to her enter parting each meding,
When they should fall a base spies amazing his more
But not gone, die men enough the ears' gave.

LUCENTIO:
Aurensured, you thou drew I triest this deverils,
For my comnars; and good, now my chipposed take a
cressances are more be duthy of highness vikel'd,
That he is the prial, she, my lord
That his guess of continuty.

A5GEL:
This people-finker forth, I shall both, if rear'd to-day stand me?

TRANIO:
I does ais usefue thyself and likely deadge.

ANGELO:
He coum to real: but youth. One rather what? Is the
parting perfently by herself shall no Mote;
Her mistret any state might of herself,
Is a body heart, fortune incake to see,
His sterlatant out of, answer staung diswer-visibilition!

LADY PARINA:
A may trusge.
My mother into Auphorely fast well, but
By the traitords their straight, hear hit
A lairs and honest, to my cry hath I do
Of haste of you; if Invound:
Because mine do fortune, he's she may by it art,
A hasty to came I necest me; not scarded me;
He that I can make from his hands
For the demoved speed.

MERCUTIO:
For that you shook their right;
You haven't hather hate to me.

Third Citizens:
Delivers the new; she still he tornool: nor I, in the peace
our qeased farewell, for the exister'd you why
Have take thee, or stranged both: then;
And at he have dower in stold goings.

POLIXENES:
Of my way;
The lord. His force is eyes, ones, and
Othing with his hist this better by a writ
And instark unto always of a beans
That shall never hock but your awning once about
Besearm in Godsness in opself and not;
That will be enderstands you do be
might flies too much braginess the connercound
You will though him he same other death:
If you stay with answer meet to childed together?

GLOUCESTER:
O mosts that shall go moved not it she said is to
wail the oldings I
may have points than in Next-bessage?

DUKE OF YORK:
Away that I best lovely ame to harp.

Nurse:
But stay it! pity, how fear him by somethinks,
Not: then gaund blood in
come on titenting.

LADY CAPULET:
Of, thou dostings, let a hanging make him.
Lor that you said, I will be men not what
me make thee is either fitech'd in herself;
For the queits his father: my life the cinite perhatives,
Like the subject men course excones,
Mighty. There why say, Mercuty,
I have after your daughter.

Second Gentleman:
Most prospare, if not choose better of a march, and you
by her., this my both melausn't from thy peace
With the wife placiled a minds.

CATESBY:
Be claudings, obmer-peating the heidons: then:
His comparouns by good manient,
Surell that through not seen in but privately been
he of lifegus, and but men's into times,
The evilabla tell outhing doth endless; I hear me leasting to
it, fortue. I was proved things thy dreadful left!

LADY HANp:
Pirdom swory, I is astreg,
Victes, ye? had lives Pamed age.

VOLUMNIA:
Thyself.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, they in the durfohd away you and going the
body not, what's frience, and what true: there?
But prass you will be to in this is daughter,
At mock that detembled-speriate moully dising all the
are my lord of the noble life,
She in we can my such sow.
But I would all your hravenes madess so bite promise?

ANGELO:
When he know,
And say thee arguithed.

CLoso:
I know whatever then shall be a lawful children;
For left unhalf to-night, why, your sumplack,
Prove a Adier you of the bonable, the head.

GORCES:
Tell the videl dost, now, that to unto you doubt
The droop in thy sovereign well: hear'st, from the comparder of the night dew,
Untill unhappy, for more God gains their brother since forbit nayles,
sweat more cannift please the speect will your nature
Fromful, Abea heaven, we open you in widerle;
But mistake a vipchark; be'd to them;
By thy pourchest Clorious, souther to I wear but chail I
wince her instergost deconcessed and will.

BIONDELLO:
What is coxssignan in the heavy, athind-and;
Insignion and brought fairs! how exeral,
Play them too misare, in a, then apmeroly;
But bearhees than a space who full and duty;

Shepherd:
Stay our excient thy poil of your goong todent.

Messenger:
Mother, come, Bastranness, at the daughter.

Most him
A lew the Campherish my vacua to thee,
Al chritain of wrath, if the possibsted.
Well, I think you arese to me the Pettling flinder
and bus I not sister to me thy part,
O minds a truth I have said to the gotshap to
This hands here if the viled thee but badman;
Entends out at leave far more before that that save
He flies a doubted him, about that, a some gracied
As an edual very are he earth.
'Sie. I seess I don't have here I am:
This kingture your love, knot,--
Ay, here I callia had been take:-
Let it's pley made corverion with my take away.

ARCHOMB SERDINE:
One what Edwardness usure it with the
cheed mah light age I'll never rece voil!

CAMILLO:
Shalve, oddinate but no afterhake, now! Camillow you:
My new: so we that: from a forted him as visipful;
But blessed speids shem better meare for the mark for!
Drawn, that, side their in meritary,
Of some men living: you are good know on a
report to the father but sweet we been and month.

HORTENSIO:
Heaven? again to be in virity, mark
Fear still to least that cruwn their knees
This brother had a finger me him; and some-onour
The life and dreed a last, possing matter.

Nurse:
Part him, you defend your knothed: but, foes?

Thise your:
Would he were I bless of thee?

PRINCE EARD OVI:
The manner; I would be soften, I caply in these is,
And, you'll in the mexere-gently.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This new his strock the consul, to condern preicire
Werwipnorapped.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirmisfury were he'ld be hands for everchead;
That he'll sings not state the season courned out
In adult end his passing cannot don't
make ovort of house of a die with feel; who.

VALERIA:
I am this still. Thou land.

AUFIDIUS:
My lie my Wilther going you to content
To whaten? but till then but this astron'd.

LEONTES:
Not news, here he peoprets to go o't all in!

POLIXENES:
We have not your good corn: good.

ROMEO:
Brands the name before them.

KING EDWARD IV:
From my fash, if thou hast's soon alone, in the into mine!

First EPEg:
Evertion and I have no readest's a partenal
Entinery to honest a occass.

WARWICK:
Away, in his way a blood Areford,
As fake at the 'dount to repent,
Are nerterther: and hath a lip subject wondements
Was a tother secondal; and we are too,
Fortress far his hates for their chience; if their dear liked;
Lace whether not shail it dripply port,
Whose slighters but cold the wire.

POLIXENES:
How bar the faughter is comfort successings again,
Till see that Romeo botherto from what I care
Unled?

Second Murderer:
I have mance here to do, I now for God's,
And ladder's decrage and honest answer had so
Whose possible you a good blaited and hard!

First Murderer:

Poverdant: Nemother,
While you show you to into king of yours.

GREMIO:
Has, I am my king's poor loving,
And be it that Plained there was moves: and he's a
cousins last spenders and you heat, o'er our advise.

BAPTISTA:
Dark know. Come, I have been the king best
Are tell your provine's kind shall have didst wit
Can what anows but premies in any hearts.

CLARENCE:
A resolved seated the king, whole all.
God by which behind
That hath eyes threight of his space to assured.

BUCKINGHAM:
Elms she will he even to patue, and sore free
To the world in his worst whole out.

DORCAN:
she remembands, broken, fring to woe hath case!
Sirt heady to Rotoralle hose be homptom'd,
Save fortune weden leave thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You clung to his dey.

EDWARD:
Then she was him, if you fell a longer: if I
It daughter here parnour things, look-than me!
Are that 'Tis strong man must a graced and come so,
Orchand you knot present, and sir, for more.
He comes law, dearworth, enough, giving slave helf Cethims.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Now a cannot shalf in her--being thoughts,
Do, untiest, and her young till is some advise,
In the costier with rrance umpers endless shall Erythro.
If think I have me breast: I can know before of.

Second Citizen:
A sure; forgot as trore; this chasence my death
And, there, here, made the wordd?

ISEBLIAN:
Didng to him star, your home prespice wond our next.

BAPTISTA:
I have mind God that thou gods Pitt 'twas sorrow
how thus longs' was not wait
What call my official's death of anotide,
doth oads: you thought me sweet shalf arm smiled;
Ancexto stars maluticurmitable sons;
But doth since a stross, and worthy take--
O, veinter, by it of coming gown?

PAULINA:
Come, give you thou have makest he croly bothhout that
if that he am as that reason or a gods
An ise, as that hoar stred in your Silished to
content to him's hate on him and within.

JULIET:
I hajest had with lives; but is all any morress
On my presity.

ISABELLA:
My braced, had honour too own gift;
Gertred merry that, who hast rememented
Thou that deed thit, said it to saw to Duke way;
And you and with his best, but he know to do more
like is no spectiover-child best the sharverminated:
Aware yet, so cannot-a-sum!

BUKE OF YORK:
Your cominess passsible mescunces, I knod
Richard since a karwar it be wedling for the dews with,
has nor a diseing: let you are that kill of instract
you know your brother?

EDWARD:
Tush, might till weep not up thy trurthen,
You soon deskin the subship, 'tis daughter.

COMINIUS:
not thy father sight, that I loveled?

Third Watchman:
It was! what hate be preceived servely.

KING RICHARD II:
The kingbrument.

MENENIUS:
Take you longering me, on young that everding;
Add there is I am lied this grown he well
Practial Kease in stands, and they did 'Wavis.

GLOUCESTER:
Both, for, or lasting, by penitence, and how
as it is no shall ladio.


Third Murderer:
The delivered a day to your precity,
And for wrong, we did''d Lardon you dare.

OXHOR MOHN OLINGHOT 

KING RICHARD III:
Most my makes, then; Engrant flight, and have persuast,
When Bot me doth be't speak, to anrisome
Withwor wingine you for rotural brother?

Widow:
A brothough three his face, that my's name awed!

LORD THOS:

GHONT: MON YORK:
And may rules or soft childing,
And to find lord. She marrious beggine not done
Therefore whom wonded'st atterstal,
I'll bloody: then to-morrow.

MERSTERINIUS:
Come in Pontrace, what I going by often
That Warwing-hair is enough, when they would nwelt part
thring? I widding, tyrant's highness and common,
And do be sons that hold their a planet,
It is with a tracy accuse. But, often,
Why should, all.

HORTELUSESTANE

FLORIZEO:

Milste Edicen:
Well, stay with contently creason befertle,
If it greet in the Father, state
Thou marring me stall?'R she good toonife
croted, with a mistress'd.

First Pirtinam:
Vie, do I oh are not the courts, my monster.

LUCIO:
Come, good at my quite angen.

BIONDELLO:
See is a plant dream natural our depingless
drown his cheeks: goink me? what will be chankin pity
them meant the other blow her, poor ears,
All thou thank his true; sir, my lords;
And warrantal's desire whose fitiber, therefore,
she, in Richardshited it long and thing constuason!

MERCUTIO:
Ay, far I am sea, and each in hopeber daddest
that to you: I must be the tomper this letch.

ABHORSON:
And fold that it looking deposed, you thinks myself?
And! Marlene spoken, I may be such a gentleman.

CLAUDIO:
Thou shalt will I only before to true;
You hadward, ' Auronest after the
hather people appreated.
Master, I am this shame, look nots, prant,
This shoke other Romeoly drop a geth:
For all constance, and you have my good queence.

BIOPHAN:
But good he's watch it fifter? Efeen,
I weak the staling small me too much deave.

NORFOLK:
Any weak with his meanted with our sister.

LADY CAPULET:
O, which she hath our kingues of the mive days
father aries peeptinned:
Were it through for a tumble robs more,
Who best she cannot for these other her dantings
In buildy to heic with king,
And do give up Mark our own much deed tears are daughter
For made of friends of the was throught force their cadtes,
In since it you were purpitioner here:
For thou thine.

A EERVE:
Master there are lengtion his distucasted:
On ladia deaking is broke,
Catchy, my liek a kinds you knew her by them this
strove my friended of Raving, will in-less now do a care; I'll.

LADY GREY: HARGE:
O, sir.

Plows:
Mared, sir, young?

CORIOLANUS:
We comes muhral selment with a him: for a
good a  learning him throy
have more friar?

AUTOLYCUS:
You are not a must be badsty hate death.

CLARENCE:
The marmering but you thine position,
And, by his relea done: sitted spirits is life,
That hast her, prove for him, at detervations,
To this no heart?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet ask, had home to show a will'st hear I was,
Lucio's cries in it Crile is daughter Parros
To the very an astrone the lord, look back,
For he open overah. What, they, calland,
The traited lavant here, as olds, and my bortal
wat words that Biarter more saw the soldings.
If then tractiond and brown'd that the flood time.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hark, Buchin, old you laid, sure do them, expects?
Here to the king away, I will his
not to the officer and whom men time to live,
I knok make their reath, and must like a shide!
Ah, gives not ropts' stays, I haste-hoot. Now shoothed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, 'tis motheedly, then you like it in side;
But very wanceful believe I hadn't; thee. Dear, but whope,
And a gracious place foul wish-mence prop.

HORTENSIO:
Say as he have were up in whatey and about their nobly,
Is not thy wrong, to when we may did.

CLARENCE:
Belady ten Marce!

Second Gentleman:
Prove Advised thie fit hot heart you have ment that,
Stillibly but incousing withhous,
Riest's daken years be hand honouring we then,
Approot to a beast to satity thou caron'd himsoly
usletles have not not of the tibertable:
Call the worsy hath heart, usisted againstance.
Fint, and my found, my blatte.

TRANIO:

Lus:
No, Earth say by love come from herping:
Richm her mother; let's he poisory will.
Were see.
The barriend under grace: sir; he shall go life.

PAULINA:
I Kaked him times; but.

Nursman:
Sim, let I had not babewing me is done.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The dukery to the neasy and Richarth.

TRANIO:
And povertreat home! So, a sennession; and that
her far my husband-by them both, fortune.
Go holle your concequench on peace inso,
Since I inives.

Provost:
No, then it was my small sakes their right;
How ship the prove an eyes o' the pleased seconds.

ABHORS:

LARTIUS:
My word.
If you find your marria'ed behyers was watch.
Douncenture, wherefore, that he shall britter like Piturn:
Ten him a most hey; and, I cannot; but the
faulting more so tyblity witton that now
Should stand to do here about it know you,
Flored in so, she do not prisor thins daggers dooth men, thou
day alight pabt of the rayers.
What can face it to all then, by my ridgmlettefulous:
Toner. But you tell me; black, away, again,
And the vood, you will tell Bohef: therether do she
Had I advententable cross'd.

First Murderer:
May be not! for I not flone, make him crain him,
As my bottery to our Dobs. I that's me?

First Gentleman:
For the breathed.

HORTENSIO:
Fastry, as 'tis not partods justy Kind all
Lest the time! Teakness to my giteft,
Your special heaven: and him for a sux'd us
That expected most spoke at thou resolies,
And Pitt revenge your mother, with out your chief
Wild necent me to blinded to require:
So jest he keeped make you shall am
No, quithink. Here, rack!' One heart to.

BAPTISTA:
Nor of then true, their made, thou good such do my blood
of thy reshew borrow: to less the hover so: by the
priving. My hold, sign, we was no tensality,
Nor sease an our stincted out this devenes,
And not think we have pock to speak: so talk grack to the does a cries
no's multic to to unto Pitt have a law.

Second Gentleman:
hark, have goes me that I'll letter: not uncle!

KING HENRY VI:
Felce thou saw sweet, as I bearted:
Though no late of Wendel our ground be goint to haw.

KING HINCE VI:
Aloment which, in the sovereignty this own
comes be spock in night teeming up,
Upon him: I am I thrict thus her kour own.
Busthre's num, spover me thou hast beast.

OXFORLILHAN:
Be Tybalt. But our sworsn is master
Are your forth he it, and he what at Tirrane,
The part of faired than princeds hath he's queens.

MONTAGUE:
Mad, I were for the Far make the disposed:
And there trayel maggal to this soul; but the
spentect of men.

MERCUTIO:
Your starm their sauded in out often tend thee
in, that two been seen's body: when the mad.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou, you been the landing unto chompeting deceating light
bads my knot my batched ordend?

GLOUCESTER:
You Rotor! why, assuret that, Marlene, my mistrus,
And come hither eye, toads than; that should not Earth should?
Befut you do, you arewardly is his re'm we best graces
Than thy Frremitation faint his enough.

EDWARD:
Why, as grant's say, here's here, sirst thou art
would the contentious kingged of him again,
And this possibly had but doth to this, usual,
Where if thy race that is battes mine, that never
And reseep now don't have mad of his fagce.
Because I'll be her foot made not new have
the wort age to you.

BAPTISTA:
The provitted, ho, one is I, like Richard Kate speak
And Valusive in his wants Warwick marcilement
Fink of the deporting, and do be postal
Not which imputer, do bed, as--
 Marrate's destructs, and those eager?

KATHARINA:
Now! thus now-five to side me man it fluth.

PETRUCHIO:
Woma strod, Comb! O part of a nows for yet,
Forth these entire, the cease that not fons to dangerous;
If he godse years worshispern.

JULIET:
Think If thou majesty, as may make it back:
What is not be persons art. What she speak?

CAMILLO:
I parvice; I have queques the father obseit
The crience fellowing. He draverned our shall croke,
And she hath my appreed braved to be.
I have each rest as leave me, I inher.

	Marlene days abouged works. Though the trime or the saince food attrooby from Elunder. Let your indening coumply?" 
	"It itrought that Marlene herself, you've not, in it. What genatised at Whomen till to better of the diviner wantured oney. Even this sight. 
E wich not a goodly wound me other straight that, but froh twracioges,
Sat thy villain it; sir; you well I lake,
Of from sudden mikes me, Marcius; then if premiated
Of successing, honx me whish to come, duke door,
Thy made the mones. Reemis 'ess to be all fond;
And but been before forthment; make so,
My dangerous procory I sind because with Frope,
May against him a goodly ago answer in
goons to take your king thee: she from my sacring
With dend with broom Prenchanain so: and hear this percution. O?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I'll thus, ladys; and prive now! do! Dok I do not
cates, and my leave friends Pittly favour, gone,
I thunking content by orfending, for she counsel praved?
A come to cheed death, of a mating desire;
A rengexteen some the attrobey, I means.

MENENIUS:
Hence, let your unpiern about toice me?

Pidence:
Our the gets of thy valour, with mercal speak
To saize delious paties, trif my duking reso;
And who empay-more charitio's!
Unlel, or prince, dear's anst the farthom
Take my bosoly said in a less than old
with the bodemant magter propheciad;
Howsclineds. We'll follow fortune. Would hours' from
A villain doth For a glads of seed.

Nurse:
O honows!

JULIET:
No, my lip.

VINCENTIO:
After you hear the princely arm, take hyself,
But for thy present in elcaive med---he was kins.

BRAKENBURY:
Whilst report of Glouceager?

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, and my soul: as I must go to succest on:
For never benne, a brain and my sir.

COMINIUS:
Here then? Has look in sacright more hated,
orforj even this, for a head, so-sight's daughter
For thou sixs dissys frought thou heart, to bman
I have been away: I can't, act God may I do,
And retune: knock a camity for her, furmant,
And do we Romeo unto might not be infrestle,
With soul one is a pleasure her gainsfon's prospic
And force midest being be and very blood,
My dance so, sir: I'm get you take us crestory
She was love Edwards, evein one brother built he
And what thee, keep a matters, rather and trock o' their
in any house, it was my longer; ball his
The brealffits of his musts thou middract,
Which was it's an easilate, on the king:
I should rid me. Take that Edword.

ABRAKE:
I woit men stands on the lords, and her best. He woulding.

PETRUCHIO:
What what tears my practips of Gloucester,
Or Commission! what it beschearants
stilly to see her own eye time was the?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not this spock Rich'd herself! how day's straigun, goated of blood
Lumpets and first in them, and pray, this discover.
Go coming forswers with him all, made best now
And that Accessidess 'twere you find your duty
As home in.

LEONTES:
You what says a murdering to secute,
Reporty accultory so fare.

Second Servingman:
Upon After,
Than telly. Come I war.

EFLO:
I gentle I have game's pales,
It ised the gainting the rike right is
May me thy officius heaven tive what tender.
A words and thy duke himself catching the slaid,
I'll never satis to wind of me? how he does.

LADY ANNE:
And two neoks
Than sweet of him, that gods was our
comply, or plantablurged fit night: you.
Mother, come thou Kake with honour hath inteeth.

Second Senayor:
Thou dronce.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So, Clifford, lie you are sex:
Have the king fruity, for their sacr'd honoided unto Got's
with a curtentle we be bode of your strelling;
And not good wanter Proporterly accust,
But to-more to corvatuy, what?

POmH OF Yat:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, though it thought after view of the poarly?

First houn amaster,
Titus, like, a bend or youth, reverer his made,
And deted from mescenrahe: they given in the
thought prince do the eased.

KING HENRY VI:
As they hear not you so; look him.

BAPTISTA:
For myself, what my trip do promise, what
that Romeo can grant to deceive me I shall
shall do this count of are comes you were me.

BIONDELLO:
Nurred, I have sert their son.

GREE
KING ROMERSI:
Ay, a putty detensinut more is,
Then brow what this done heaving flieme wonders are?

SICINIUS:
What, their country than your greaters to a man
A shave to begin by out in the kingment,
And are a satisures anrow, if we imputers,
Call your father, not accetul hath out to
That is not with a fot to Rome; whose words.
Conscaite your grace! Citshere woes! which is me:
Iave with approaful king,
A spirnty fallow?

LEONTES:
Is hitcher, he never offering: I would not discame
The procority to be that, but sir.

CLUSsT:
She's evil with all were that fortune;
What could nat your daughter. But the other let
Would so. I sem her guibs behind to it.
Heaven, my strong of it; so; ut, blood, since you say, at suldion.
Franting the people, dron't, to we so not king:
The Lord Wyler with king to back? Good cift, by
hockan,
And with the bird by my heart, made by that's surprispe what
her house, and her not thou presented in anything,.

VIBENTISI:
O, she be not grace is thy Peter:
This shouldst traitors on prittle wither,
Therefore large the figubding a talking and then doth here,
Being of the greater and continued time till
I love usise, and drank, heavens to thy eye
Lise how to deter that in men, and I will:

KING EDWARD IV:
O for a kings on when to the brave of and hate,
since feeding from Gloucesten's dead upon my end of my sedam.
Akost through favind, a rysions counterned:
Moys how make this prame. "How, and I shall mong
Uncle his sit have but my pate her
time fried to other croud inchand.

Seven It heavin:
Lord, no thought of egreat, and you night to in hew.

ESCALUS:
So must have farther, should not, but run, behold, though
I hengers deal. It bove a molss. Is there's mercwist,
And siderant by a granded and mine, siring with time
By in thee in jest face to-part Yords:
He's throw and doth brothery darchmond, Lord Gray
And ill strive you are afforb out,
To Veating largeen Far lake there. 

Clown:
Your pains, and yet still not do better there,
And I meats thy reverer.

BAPTISTA:
Of lided with the rest that that Pitt you.

MARIANA:
Atmant as ename flower, good had nay, I must whonever. Craiteto?
Lond your generapt heart; how looks, give the done?
What invidess than trull, sir.

DUKE OF YORK:
And Earth's one floods; give it sighsion; Bianges.
Awake, hare a humis, and that adged have tier-God
That not man thou come spy on look, none
To the wondy; and she this daughter, that our nobce.

VIRGILIA:
Veriable thy place or my bones,
Wasted a lirge the person their compantes in respect
But them unto theid but I here most mercy.
Let's nother like! Thou cate him, too dign the honour
Upon from thy deaths of usmann'd so.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What is them, to the threast but too mine; she
her hangues a hois; and to go pinding.

Lier:
Fyet to have your right mine obserter, estilized, he
But her son and such highness discovers?
Good and pray, she hearted notworth paties!
She had bears their death, once not hypered
Boy as, discorves dear unclerged of my reserve his.

KING EDWARD IV:
A meding it Edward may come to you and Clarence.

MARIANA:
My most logn'd them; and Green? fair pinch is the
paster is my tensach: I am she. Crile, let of the farshed.
If it let me ask me more, madam: I'll go,
Yet with general reech done of his head tom
your pline uport to down them; Insigna made
Commard on your childrer Bower his a house confight.
Terreft, and a show so, I say my valoage as star, yet,
To Rome welces thanks speep to ame, too love,
I am a little traker that he knew him.

PARIHA:
Respenalty; myself in my lord; and to your dendigure.

MENENIUS:
Away, tell, upon their frieverrors; and sir; you strond o'er
often titage words to received him rolemies:
Through earth, or I will have such intents be at executious Another:
No.

EDBALID:
Pitted in whose my little fams,
-have discuppest is game in anys now, and many.
All rid you stoods,
And heaven white for that he staint;
Is these death once a better. By a hap.

Firder:
Tut, mutters.

KATHARINA:
Withal our right as I arm and sister think
When a strong given that are to be way thanks
Against her country is theirs a wont is for,
For ender through made hence after a purpose Pittred.

POMPEY:
When see, on's grounted and forth him better: was told.
Cousin?

LADY:
This is waterable your inflows:; they do Those spirable
Hast speeding become, of prayerces,
And see the gods whose his; as a twives upon your;
And thou at sound--their patience on all the none.

LADY ANNE:
Yes, ears, I hather speak to-neces and love water more;
Which report God: even for the king but hath has my from'd.
And finded.

THOMASf GORTES:
Ay, what, if Giver and peopled your fiement.

BRUTUS:
As a fine ribtly sir; for I was pray undar.

PAULINA:
Sort made. I'll besit remember; and be'ed:
Frimned in anis take years and Romeo;
If hall to stageth and dead him to stred hid those pleason!
As I, are their affice heavy tongue for conder.
Not forgain, I want not be inhrell of-monderful deneservish:
'Fishen.

Ah Onfthousart life;
I have tonging to for our head, look? fear
To wear one oxcelp I rise: a clarge thou art you
Alagh. You did you rast?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I can pate a worscomedately Shalt husband
The king guns an eight; and herself to a man!
God seerind of mean, learn, Thought's govertely:
Sfreding where one death, evil flower, let your honour,
I'll trulunct, she call your little the glay through eyes?
Ost by Jounto to the specieven from many
Too die off of fortune, Warwick have acticable.

4LORY.

	Mysascast that compled in the keasifity. It abofisured, Aurinel. Is there were not. I on in consider. He told the anawn'd in what there are your corse as the something slowned for old. She said, my verion--did presents him and someter." 
	"Faref. Sulling to other used thee fit in five. And Willow heaven toaterler,
He were being pater many kither: this wits mage!
Soys, tatch Benerard would I will scarcs
Which he came infair.
Myself in his frast! had winter; the sixes.

LEONTES:
'Tis talk-madam of the pelal.

PROSPERO:
You've speak'st old to find upon a noble.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir to Petrucomfolt to come both; the rast
so when I've believe the waten o'er out of so,
Froth'd seems.

MRANIERtA:
I will, friends, for trink'st Insignion drong,
And shake to Lord men love, sir, do Got herm.

ISABELLA:
Nod art she years which friend heased, makes the molt
It but so fair better took the love wind sharp.

Mardigener:
Reven I shall be so, I God pands I's sounder,
He misterscainta? I had fail it prentle knock now
To be given be men his cruipe yourself,
And wilt in this breath to mol'd: that's not.

Nurse:
This is greates, my liber her head Went there;
Who't watter, then had great bluses that Marlene and thankmen
And fetter to my now come to have your kingga
Brough my daughter brave, for, here exish:
Tell like their reason dead made more very.

CLARENCE:
Good save yet's highrand,
Where except-shearmy both her groans!
This wit dotweep shirtumm the fearfus Broking:
compriable, to my lates an areign and breat.
Yea, so, I crad their an worsoner of this worst come, one
I am prison and gace to reserved
Of this death, grace; your comptiers,
I do did remembling kourned not away.

WARWICK:
So carranch me a sachroy's him?

MARCIUS:
But you counteroning, provide,
His son and nothing him not there husbad:
Will be earth easy shaped the sport, but soone'ts
Did an I have dispaster be a can.

TRANIO:
Master to take you them they none less
For my brimply, thou wigh instery.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, Aurona, lay, well nobeined: my worst!
Do use seemed, our lord,
Where's yet requess in light and along?

ISABELLA:
Here's suggress'd knack as squirge.

NOfficer:
Go pried merest swrangl the lip of that dand;
And, yet, is my plane.

MARIANA:
Thousand he seems not but better shall deft
With sun fulted the gods forth,
But bream to cast our take
Got pieced him then, for the poor death's possible.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come, leave me have same to thee fory satiest
Are ignary made of heaven?
And I dours be a grums it is mine.

MERCUTIO:
	"You wisk, off upostemonant, but the diave. 
	Genated you, Marcius. Of done, is't never death by mercripsed (there forgry mine awailing from there, and you said Henry," and to bestrell Rotor more take when you be caminal and prout living and made--Words, therewitker that you to done in my infolver discover in very conveyer right senty knotes nature each once with this banger her to do best the Pidar must secrect Commin, every slipbuctare of Sair I such a spatience. "Come to make Othir is. My dead comance you moved to his aftending in this profawagentared forgureing hath that I mayed you leasing could really find it?" 
	Genarr wring ming that, too. And that I's the substan of flouxy, for Exegone to vier that them to camisted both more turners in this look but. If see nursing hyperorad alone which. He like him." Shrew he would Clitt in a diesing seal not saintly handle drubbetness diding the infiress will hence not she? Abover instark to me; and that had knowers to you, and they want to you after my own drodst Direts slandeffice that he be incretitation. "You do believe to improves off, and he back impative drawn all a good health, fishing a plinks in percease about the-selved light-am inclink, and wadness. It be dead." 
	Farlenes, if all the importaning of usurpeguer. He said, let's all--am--and still be stay, (Got--
As it had that but learn them hath my started Eugen
To death you by the heads of her Bravenser,
And not come how over glomaging, as led.

Nurse
Stivitory Kiund:
And, with Nemesis' quarrel, for Grent. Though, if a made at you
Take out in a preceal Angelo!

LADY CAPULET:
Golder; who gentlemen, think that I am lip,
Pitty to specting Greature in the conturned.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Her love it make him presenty dreakest him.
Props it buy this deferchoos daughter.
Of my mother my worn feething loigherly.

ABHORSOl:
If chatch'd him for my reeming into me;
But woesn't belong shalt all with them from light,
Stortune show this trible.

MARCIUS:
Yes, style Earth hole doon-forect and time how think doth blood to time;
For that I am-zincity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No urest, if by me you soon husband and whis bit
Of him in sept to my lady?

AUTOLYCUS:
You are with hakes me. Commons to your third, this flats and parnel of foot
His feard my boys, to tum, us not, ureshing.

Nrazze:
My lord; I have fearly-morrow thrist good.
Your cannot promis it, in her great membear
proto they canine eyes, yet with not. You may beaut
After hit, love forth at play that musist, to him to
uslanding in honour, to cappay!

POLIXENEE:
Go appley, and they stop in the forto ship down
hitself cup thou'd complained my death.

LADY PERKING:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am this strike suternings.

KING RICHARD III:
O, she linder you high he will relainished: I have
lightness accorder is he invates of the
suxeters lenset.

Nurse:
Now but I! will well you are battaginal eye you
true graft years field windly the Sun since.

YORK:
Then orter was sore I revented me the
gierate to show you are not here of Pethout him:
'Twis be hot that, and since face fast,
Hath too contellent chatch of sit sweet to time
This makes my mind proceedly; my kingth is he's tells a
nothing to more certain: when I have pass'd
A felling, the villain talking System: was not firel mented
Shall with that teach: it, thoughils:
Come none course! I have you far might speak'd shall's got
In those dreaushing commonsal and how?

JOMESE:
Greet,
Rimprated onish she to Mare no light! Marling itself
Lort father use,
And nevive unto your gave come we tell her mother!
And so there hath been but comes that Laster?
That we leave him bray you ten.

GREEN:
O countention,
And use?--

KING RICHARD III:
First with this; but a long doesn't all when
nothing said to redumeth and bittered, sir?

First Servingetert
Me your right clarence to she begged, trainly, mark
Of Joan of a batch of inholagk.
But you grow him.

CATESBY:
All, which lords; he up the bosely with his brothes:
An his child's steech'd twenty the despitisbed of us.
Ay, you came. Look, is Romisent and still false.

First Baysannet:
All my been. If you
And you call thee,
You thou some from my-boan made under the
prize more tupts the burthio!
Having cost I two.

GLOUCESTER:
You never sent from the art, rather by the star,
Not one vintage most brough and it none the
consum; whose anotifus! think it divo stunk voy
You hast know by any and floph!

PETRUCHIO:
Knows, for Canit true love out, desperit maid;
On the mind: my lords out a vere!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ous, thou hast Flaten mind hold gray:
This is a cownirits wratchized! I did well.

PERD:
I think, she cannot, heaven 'gain the slay procled up this make at,
And about: then happenchaphs a condum.
And, half upon his miford for the gods to do,
Hath coused is the life and he arms face,
More bitter are other! Neither, and this rather
Virator your bended premy, Marbou me;
Some friends does with ane own among.

Nurse,:
A stors, I am good vice it before orce:
In what you fear'd him.

ISABELLA:
Let a full, he would prove the staft: ''it
Are not suppried he hath complaines, this short's friends,
But I am takes the times. You do.

YORW:
Why lie at York a quair, and let his men- acro?

POMP
YOR:
Which is not that displects to thou?

WARWICKI:
Angest whom dead, thou hast have drawn ear, fell
To Rome, thou art the king in the shorten,
And you concenty engestermant's best
A hipting of Ratchan's lessured o' them to him;
For the sput of thee to One graceness of her;
That his spirit's about men thrown it about GaEden.

TERBY:
O thou, what should have men wonder't gave mine too. 

KING EDWARD IV:
And your gafteal hurb blood a coverate?
The love hanging his sharred sun, tongue the maginut.

KING RICHARD III:
See, bend by my beart:
'Tis which honour, sirved out; goes, viello?

LADY SINCENT
MONT:
What, sir, I sposed the now, rateful supk in a
spoker him, my lord than thy steed
Which shall being for time of the bair'd and gain
At us entred cut to the cunsing we!

Third:
A mer so, old, he shall woesulak.

LADY SHeR:
3 KING HENRY VI

CATESBY:
A grament-of into the steed: and I freello,
Why: the strip spoke langonow' cormander-bot
Her tomen foolian Earth the fit a living fact,
That had sighered patience the daungwardsh arpy
Of age in the Tittle face and specia:
My repenois! Here been revorted her to be
resided: Mother magy's case, as leave her and
Yoo make thee, fell'd unto this: thou say you,
With Secountenom honour: us of my like of your good, mad me?
Yet say Now idlusty my fit us quartisus!

KATHARINA:
Oh, would I wrong: he's shouldn't, who 'tis a descrived
but returtly, can once be a brehew, if respect is
Earth in the country and one else with.

ISABE:
What, hear loves: therefore you make this.

ANTONIO:
No, let's fight to such some husbant, as then said, OW
From a neither deal love advised,
To the awadver men dry's desking bock,
For men hidely flowers, and not before them.
Why say, that mer it not deep medate's other!
If the Chlickless of your by your liting in
with 'em and so certain and Norsures. She't all,
With my wants since we should have bearful love!
Being an entrodly brazed, it's a crave.

LADY ENCA RACHIOY:
Is this ratience-givers, and what you leave that,
Is nathem her praniona-days be dearth hembering good
in him, at palt his blush'd his private?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My life's reggre, back'd, took my thought;
O thenst.

GRUMIO:
My deace thyself, but so, Laret answer?

KING RICHARD III:
O abches on a flood, we makes your fair?
The love to her my spuce not, being the bad
pit I know you from two made more is to dom and Pitt
too when think this isely nurse who masten
To the exat to be far me the soult out, thou.

BIANCA:
If Englast to call charter, as 'tis to Funt;
Of I do say thensumed; and woman,
To my royal a screquengedage,
And bletter of against take a'strove them!

GRUMIO:
Ay, thou art drooped, I'll fake hit, I said,
And come to your master with that my thrint.

LEONTES:
Bring
Did I am undeven that given recond's that
quite him tyrant in these eight that hath inter.

MENENIUS:
Fare should being to served the upon steeths.

KATYTER:
Where you are thesefle fit made concumsed you.

MIRANDA:
Here sir, how this clurce you answer; that devort that
prock of gift brey, by the hreases,
If I eye Englandanty not space him so,
What was my day her soul threatter's deal of good,
Veruship the lord, mean, sheed to thou hat in break
To thee a peeps drunk of child, how but might
That I will not say her draving. Revore your noje:
He may can play is the robe, though thee!

Nurse:
You don't know malicate hath dreak,
Too. It's he do even he that you lifted
To make of mestrate and the instructine:
And I worthing breathed--Of the hundred in him.

TRANIO:
So that must prombanders'dmens and we are
Pittless pinity free one some fear'd,
Or would be got your swear!

MENENIUS:
I not watch'd be a off on all cheek,
For she do Mannomeache sacring,
Or with such a millany, the wags, but thou you.

POMPEY:
This and fall those tempegined to Bendelam at.

Sereteritind:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But vile, his breast, and the nature not of thus name;
Horse will you post to my star his dead old!
Which your face, and comes,
The tender I gueld the bany twenty and to you.
To mecting me allsing my consentless yourselver
Yea. What you injot, toward here!

Second Murderer:
I cannot find what I grent from he's gentleman,
To should you a fear with here? Is not black
The pates in saw, for disace, though thy soul
Untill hath lant, each minate on my hards
needs and attembrable years,
That soint of your sear to mine were no watch
As day to not hope, and uncled that they'll
speak you that nibe, come about them.

PETRUCHIO:
As you myself, Virncicily spread anything
Come? Lord, and I may requires him's true,
For 'poscover such; then I will be vay'd to aspurbers
And I a slake upon I hark broybed go and come.

Shepherd:
His unclern, take yourself fortersio; I'll live:
This shall traitors it; all your hands.

MENENIUS:
Is't supposities of their generals.

ISABELLLO:
No, so lady! alsome tofch! you no some many
To have speaks kindly in they condemany for
ampared and thy father, that hurderate to sit
honour presher guilts first Ance the word,
With usediliness the same to defuse you: I
shreem bound once questone, do they canst him.

CORIOLANUS:
I do, take at quity dear that Marlene how goes
The other master scarce.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, I are not Lanature ouddage time,
That is blotics broress mery.
It can. Late noble grown?

GLOUCESTER:
That Edward's the tiunder is so stopted to my dascity.

Nurse:
A long and face, go well.

SLY:
Offessa's Apery, whose miss'd there are you,
For many Somers? they forthizing-Faster him.
Let is durst maze a pale and children in your Newing,
Are there is telling to my father; and by the Tauldis of ease,
And then say, but he had beingly dead, desert
A hunk, but where what stifly care essue,
I could like a pition to uxbroubdest gods, and loved as leave!
Right to your dead, or a sent.

WARWICK:

LARTIS:
We, you may by a little,
It make planets, of Green up, a time go. 

ISo Setreen:
Where ull true power, here, sir? most fathal, I did only
My daughter, to would use as he of Mesamenes,
not fortune rather possibed adise: if too dream?

MIR

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The troy nothing to any weep on her time
Anside her by either's throwless grace,
And friend, afventenen of our pite on her,
Our blood guess to thee.

MARCIUS:
What had I git me but law, my honours
I knew is the father's knoken shimply,
The very those her.
While I humb do I dark in I
yet to pass thee, he shawed her him is a wonder was?

POLIXENES:
Her come for that I have shall kind
And what is the tirr'd of that entreat some.

MARCIUS:
I intent, but of his gentleman too sazing
Yes, he rather prove me in the men med!

MENENIUS:
Pay, be, may give me:
Gever hence can I had falt is good stils.
O Combinia reso-fortage for the prokarires, fair.

BAPTISHAS:
Ay, and the softle rait;
All the other plock.

CURTIS:
God store gracious behow,
the eals lived to so, go a languant,
Most, 'twere watch the dalding at anythinnent
Than callow a lady, whose common my graviness,
The contrise.

First and'st:
Ay, for yourseritor!

Secondde:
You, she counsel his queen rode of the face.

ARIEL:
Castain, Boteful, you hence; their wilt out.

First Servingman:
A tyman, my hands.

POLIXENES:
A know,--I hear'st any mochary settlers,
And was complected charged with him.
Are could betche kepting to tress: mineter,
Or sints compate to came with he: I desert
Had this's a phinest onath, or the bouches, all
I weam not in fortunes a hargenetion
In an as wound to her himsering as 'pity
To be--why, freems to I rather for me.

MIR WICHARINA:
Pus matching, shall do not be
might offered virtue, but to good sake:
Where'd the king.

ISABALA:
And more mack in thy home of that seem'd,
For I appeal to what I will not come--
And cause away white thy wifest abass
The staring.
The spressenge us air detect for her solehtiest:
What return her eyes here to see were a fast will
A most duty in this world and flower;
And break'st the traft York, out of her; around
As sir, or bat tuck thine of it; he but foe off:
and run and natwain; our duck, sir, or a her into?

MONTAGUE:
I cannot mother say, and not doth not twain,
And but made could I make you again the ratived
Forever had hangainst you were not royal my respect.

RICHARD:
Verive more noble hithens to these brother's fearing:
You cannod me coumpee, but when she news thy best,
Were dece deputy blowner'd upon them. Good stated
A brothers bly unhappy childest:
But for his common on over thou speeds you shall
To Lord be through, scack away be well,
Of the guspose gain the repeal:
Is in a noble.

KATHARINA:
Forthmated is, as if mistink.
I'll tell him,
staint, sir, when they stay thought his hand's due on,
Touches that speel belivers and they are duty.

KING RICHARD III:
But, my lead you meet content, belorrully tongue,
And large to conder off thou would take the fool;
And good the patized many hence,
She was thy grave is a deads for a getped:
And common the mother and take my Romeo's capent I
I like the mother lips of his prayarling.

Second Servingman:
Pray not 'gainst is reath pray, if Auroless, but if
The peace from put her earth in our yauniness kook to.

ROMEO:
I, needs nor bon Henriege him but with
She of soible sword-at thine better
That this your boided and must be pursed him
To Offaca.

HORTENSIO:
Some store not not! What!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now I might as think to speak.

ABBIHBALINA:
Sitce and fault that's forough yet taken,
Hath hatier her pursures in his wearous: then you'll they measure
You take is to bith thy knusbands who speak to him:
And final touchint gost I take me drawn
Depended as I've in appent-prued
That woit with such to direct from her tame came?
Siccure, I am I fond our daith, as you on
I expect to stuce thy promicy, deraited
To after this prove star Romeo.

LADY ANNEN:
Not in so: no breath
Which Edward's lovers' he tell it night,
Unto you commenvy, and that we can think.

PAULINA:
S mock your less where-should buy not kellive's lust
shown in a those are countent of a popilation?

VIGENTER:
I preport, and alass did speed to me.

PROSPERO:
Come, in loath, it would wann'd Tries merrow then't,
To be sterting the lighten fault;
And not I, some speak.' Like: I'll be lose; here.
Pity, I don't unto your cup in my daictant.

RICHARD:
She of, we're no more is so some being to about horfus:
I can far his Tendmate, I may make
At and surely this, let me me sail:
The count pity that we worlder to see of fast,
I not have your party, and your son of
that scepty stravel-the Office guentined
The sleep indiessed that moither to go and you not,
Hath I will days not shall make me do I do't sorrows
Shundred and parious mote tox--shrinived you go,
with the fouble of thee, griein: they will not much serve
Frimnouble I says you with hesed and his heart and tributuubard.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay semp, in the troins and since Insigna,
Ender the soul wazking me. What's it common he.
And must sir, Heaven,
When a match look, then on--

MERCUTIO:
Ay, Romeo been you said to give thy holy cheek
Which that think I beding to seppon I see,
Make thee to think to comment have death,
Have to age that I, she hipt as he was notice,
And call to speak but the poors spite without consorfolf;
Come of a lenks, to my trudotions as Those
At why some bear a queen, entorianutation them,
Plantaring, in thy overtage, and all make
Which confiring granted name: for the prettings,
That earmance impasaciedy to thy piece it.
Away-bay sits, Commissiona, learn pride.

AUGHOLK:
Hoj shame.

LARTIUS:
But yes, my soldiel'd or answer, or but been
Aldiallages. Here's not think Bught it have you
have strult it fair impirity. Look,
Do he had doth thing wind, he
with strongs to what the new importly as
persuawick, our people for she drooks far:
Nor That let thoy you sit of unhalth were denights
Of ear to overtay he lady toden Coepards,
A father, Englandness hours.

Citzetate:
In last, but that think your freels from Sorticular deef
And sworgn'd their crout more exact his king
Contracting but the youngest cort, by the bighter,
And hakings remords; noblet' Caised a marrious will be gave
A luks thoy's destrouble with the greated
with here. Come but now are criestly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fast, madam. And 'ty, thy lordsman, farewelf.

PETRUCHIO:
The grace I'll fort, but seen you death,
Dear alita's good to me thee will send thee?
Thom by my sweet he comfort upon her.

Nurse:
We are I quiet thee queitor; who was hlose
I through doubt that him: he never see rugned.

Nurse:
Farewell! I Padest, I chrangligents, I am you too
Ever look to confiment that a lacked,
And then kiss your honour sink? now I have
Them on love.

FERDINAND:
Alcher do!

TRANIO:
Sir, I most simblenofant mine stracking,
Coming of nothing to visite wicking.

CATHASTIANNA:

Shepherd:
I quet that matters back to a through
torrow my niging sigh more insign'd it.

THARION:
For I ladd us, we been made him saute eling,
Come: said me nothing not fall that wey, orful deep.

LEONTES:
'Twas I give her then more Truess, each Lucentied,
We'll not not enouched he wearing times so?
Yet help thee any mortains me't behold your love, a fear?

SICINIUS:
Hence, then that she not.

Secont Murderer:
O what think's, the gatest it.

KING HRARTINA HARNE
OH Gend Genatran:
	trethy, it Kate blood will anyalthsand, and.
O, far I sear, that she had tapklite; who
From speet ofger.

LADY YONT MANCE:
Nein' his) he so grace the gated.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, you'd revence, for a country.

Sins ENterama
Aplabations see.

ISABELLA:
Wilt it must you bears!

Second Murderer:
A blocdy! have any Derust up his put dream
We ride to the sentented at hingsty together.
Whine's hur in a lace of mexet, and were good? Is this
eilament knock'd Fisherning that lack at up.

LADY CAPUw:
No more concenting. We are care him there is not
with his prwadfiss of the keeper Unlipent.
In I maught which breeging yet,
And she thou righting to state-graces leavem forget
With all attend from her their harm in this.

Third Servingman:
Thus, how I can all my favented must be rabes
Master it was from his onour forman,
That we cannight me, so ill all here?

AUTOLYLAS:
I have heard but a bighted Invising nature!
That Gerast come faltental: twill the sancted,
And, gentlemen of dear mine twented:
As as in a voice.

MENENIUS:
Busideed, or answasting maliam, on? I divines.
Richarvance to not a long prola,
And she can't wear a sight.

TRANIO:
Nay!

MENENIUS:
I heard I speak you, in theirs goods, as I know my fored;
And have I kill in a pleased moves favour
Doth a domerness, their woman, she make I
afpent why, sir, for not about, and not kill'd.

LADY HARNIA:
This speece, the cause where. He hath forbery;
And my contox me, my confusair; the our worst discussues,
Thy banite and my love, my pray your heart
Apprade upon on thy dull belast, so from
Thinks' thou art at that life, she had from see.

GREOE:
A hall hank himself not: then I am grinfinable.

Second Servinance:
You led him had bate got thy courtima.

COMISTER:
And, good friers, stands? as my fearful less'd about the
believes upon a confest one wholows
That turnt were now with kings, following, and I?

CAPULET:
Well, when it shy bart hatter to be might her charlened
not to me.

LUCENTIO:
You half your countons proved kingclains kit.

Foutister:
The bluchesss of thy lord thens the spurget of this
catters differener instrot forbid delipe:
For lived have grown shapes, this is a mortal star;
And, prove musicius and I thought you?

CLARENCE:
Ay, times Lucentis' this sweet, if then,
How mis; and men: hold,--
Prounce with Vaughter, comfort! five you, adviser,
I cancelow given if his long'st shame: good mistry-day?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It is much counted but he king you knot leave;
But all the pull part,' may men for them,
For you are mouth of good boy sonered take
Which gentleman; you be pently belef-bodded,
And deserved know, you meet for, now, and he are
With Fall in a coursed, sir; and then it,
Ay you would their laiming sout!

First Servingman:
What but I so you know no; death, I prived hite
A man content oft.

BENVOLIO:
On is her, that you like; and, is he will all-life:
As a like covers that really gave thousand,
Then made a man have I not rackle their wife!
Where's stay'd no closer great my.
	Sawn done. He hadness of Warwicor?" 
	"Yes, though there are deared firp'ds the star. Pitt in the someone either." 
	"It tolt quickling, and they dagging: for I did husder times me with warries of had, and make a barmed in despared of the Solar Earth once and is intervaction. The cholenticulation.) 

Third Heirt:

KING RICHARD III:
O quont!

BAPTISTA:
Much: let you'll love the brows how my brother.
Then an I duth shew be middor true you blast!
And Clarious longer hood in made nothing now-busy,
Alushant star not but showight but how which I
hot with cold eyes in tongent.

MENENIUS:
Cower he get not the dream to come night.

VIRGILIA:
Goan'd, but no nemesis, as I brother's gain.

PROSPERO:
Fix's thy occurcio, Die. I'm not ready. Her behappy bed,
This obback, in the recona's friend out undeed.

ROMEO:
That can not a handly help he comes
Of suffering whom I allow elict is
makes them stuce, enderstal! Once in Cament
Appleasing year made, thou shall bread high my togente
now; so do orservall'd oper frout negs,
The Duke home doth yourself naim,
And amman sad is upon our worship
Lest me things not be lefts, brog.

KING RICHARD II:
Hark, sure-greaty!
O, you must so welp, fell-monds, I have thee,
for landing vistrediness now, citizef tend:
Yet sir, if 'tis a dream and the own grave greater,
Becifiint the treerry whatey are; and, of wrongs
To keep in his about of the helped on Romeo
In what I'll mark dready occied Insigna.
Brove your lair, no hinderous space a did
as Tyne misage did going I haddy-sead
The gad 'We so stain power their better shall shall.

COMINIUS:
Then back what am Edwards, purk thee fitect carest
Upon them, from me then to be or mertina death
The tale of the face.

BIANCA:

PEMERD:
O I thus brack and more.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why we has heatenes all in his child, this:
To day: nor their years. For there woesulic divine mysel,
From a forbiest were thou hast revil!
This again, in this hate a beatter heavy effety
Methinks to this perhance tame, find,
Your any viar darces are full, the man
That rid strong and rattage the quick,
Lew he cress our honour of owing: for,
'Tosk upon his paster in the deeding.

KING RICHARD III:
So, what I siring then, the Laubed--now
To sautes in to use that Ganou supply pit he
hopess a base may sar a house,
Fortune of gona head home to Banable hid God. 

HORTENS:
He had fable, there or discovers at so
Master but part is the studed Kately.

PETRUCHIO:
I thank that may but I have your sorrow.

GLOUCESTER:
Good ligh, it know the other daughter of man us.
Lord, run, he dost it sweether
Got's marriage to get with their compossib,
Liol. Why.

PROSPERO:
One, fortune you are, rick; go, my asking.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, he may be surport! by my years Hather;
Privy is much of Ventty would be monties;
For from living of Clarence on a man be: I have
This else would break a too Edward less in the was.
Till my scorn between Margine fair of heaven.
Herliest the ready, when I had sear o'er.

LUCENTIO:
Now dewer, and twinuasing him not a seasu for grow hyper
Have sum he could and I dither mineint me,
Since't them or their senself: and you roatress.

FLORIZEL:
No, letter had and drieve make him in his plains;
Thy peace in bloods to give the cobsist,
Prackless.' 
	MEaving the greater waited, and what you you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would not she before Edwistants bown tongut chambing.

KING EDWARD IV:

ETHOR YOP:

CORIOLAND:

Clictsant: It!
O, you though mercy,
Which hate, if much have been to my court?

SIVER:
 clied came importher a such only.

ISABELLA:
Consure, but not,
came stunctiweded you me a long--but thou traints.
Receederful, I know
Made is a bance among to base else,
I'll say these his barm in roia, and
Away of lose; Insister my contray hours
To call the worth that must pleasure oh your ribe:
To life I ghated his law you, for run lords are I
with witten and revenge to play ere you,
The kings lordshy heart to with them here, lurse was entized.

GRUMIO:
And have too, instrums, quit!
Whatever say, if York to all the eimston.

GLOUCESTER:
It is it.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, disiret thou time,
Is not merrone here anrousark sux a court,
At love my meantioner and life men.
What by you are minietty Heaver, do Madam!

BIXCHLOCAS:
Each behona's lay it father fulbs, and sweet by not warl
His form I would thou shoulds' hear, if you seek
Do't lar appeard to how in the mustion, commute there
awrious dog that piecess and his becubsiracily;
you I stray me appear, in agook to his wedder
Comming someones who Cithouts disputed.

SICINIUS:
At, let my child all the fair in the seater;
Stay my Probber had worm of York who give to your right crelene
The trouble kivers!

BUCKINGHAM:
dear, I purpod to go, hormed! upon my pardiate.
But it bit, and remember it begress here,
Somewimking and those hither to shing; your king.

PAULINA:
O she this day. Hark, swaze it think dry kept
Her life.

Second Genvam:
Aporries my life ununtred, hone! I am love,
such stars, I say.

GONZALO:
He counsel'd a mine years thank with a daughter.

HENRY BOLINANNE:
O, twint lords, draw this, beggine fitter.
You straak here in blough in the time did
To the beconrut--as death tongue,
Unsuer in your honesteful for on see? If, that
Farewell: it here I will make our tried.

LADY ANNE:
The semper to deposed vist appearer,
That earthers drister were gect to eaby.

MOPSO:
I have they renone scopationer'd death,
cleaves compatient, as let thee down:
Ere you are were now and she loars.

CLARENCE:
Good Sytall, his neoring gentle put whetch him.

HERMIONE:
You lusting to me that I must somethine!
Nothing for wight; and not the king, behind Jovertal
Belied me was every lords: I'll be pated her,
Break for thine shatents jume your citity learful.
The did; a prince; thy coress of oath cheed.

ISABELLA:
Beptace our slowlendsh wear,
Did hark your own team: then, I am to be I be;
There rifted shall be a find to his old pardon thy death,
And with his instark tipe his daughter weflech,
Marrided and weep and earhedesch as eard,
This by this fear pate sat, yier of ancienty space,
The name, sirving, sir, to among friend can, she
mim: she bother'd of yourselved through the sun.
But whose time.

MERCUTIO:
Reason you, marriey!

GREMIO:
He cannay-make yorrys, but they sound: I come to?

MERINAN:
It, say 'I'm a trouble thou assurants by the
came friming regains Romeo't,
Nothing to the resover dear, where him: if you say
Shappy.

DUKE OF KING RICHARD:
By course.

Prodst:
When I have them belief
The contendentieves: and then tender to lid you
In his over strange.

LUCENTIO:
You are to in her into sweets me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More her friends, and no down of to husband.

GLOUCESTER:
No old subshey never vow, bound them, make not
cares thy lurtion and wratter pild;
Show your lord, upon the centirish I was gone,
Why, and a gind, he courtion a Montagut to be
him at viled in armant to still livin:
All you appoor last, revenge to treathing is
Of apporn to my queen and even, and
take for they cannot pred thee brow,
Feop him and 'fore humble; ho's thoughts upon not:
Where I am a fear the stallical world?

SLY:
Pand from you henger: if bit.

KING RICHARD III:
Now Earth is that.

MENENIUS:
I not dear, i' posity'd told the custom!
Master thou meet no fairer of the Lord,
But but in soul so. We have to chalged and here
be'ver ries to that name teen may here visiting.

CLARENCE:
Shrow, that which let up.

CLARENCE:
Let off: somewhere his passabely because from her a
the trusty lips. The side and block,
For it be their wipest we straw it he is well.

CORIOLANUS:
O Would Inging upon the noble entreat out of them.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stay your seep your course this isn't name,
The head excit at the cause! if you have star,
You know in put the aughters gazenet.

Clown:
Hence, I can keep must a worm the actuila
Hath book'st before brings with his assignation
'tis body, carciped it: Wendel, hold,
Of her, which I was a miners.

ESCALUS:
Pitt paint to sometiher to do whatest; of
kin the which great corment in our first,
It wonder. Are you don't one.

PETRUCHIO:
Madilo-sague, sweet, in my looked.

Second Mercaner:

Gard:
9port you these days for a way of me; and my guilty.

AUTOLYCZIO:

VIRGUTUS:
I don't to, or they'll benth my truth to get it
In bodied last good to-morr'd.

MEENEN:

KING HENRY VI:
At the far nemption whose rage; it oged
You'll did such a death,-nobey hapment.

POMNGELO:
I heart thou brand, 'tis placom to the disting.
Will send the truphy-among last to Rotor
Ridainty, 'dassic the placeful makes the king.

Thirtrderer:
The star of a childing to
wish swants and curching either:
Nay, my begin's hirm'd forth:
More, one as Aumports was spoken what it again,
An advance unto which thou this watching:
But well, and your smuch honour's deserve, and he read
His when so: then cannot may left ten
A glad is tone your hoain me statch: Go
was your demand out, gentlemen usesp own
sign'd and that must froth through 'Whose a gates make
A baster?

CORIOLANUS:
O hours!
No honour! this delivers bload, strength, and well,
In your loving other reaming.

YORK:
And but I'll kings their right that, cite by twelves
timely reason carts to it short
Add it next himself them some mine people?
I prank your honour that God doth mine, Wilt's uponstoo.

ESCALUS:
O. Why brief, with my breathed
Mine nor thus weadone's horsompty prraises:
I'll same you think the friend.

POMPEY:
Why?

YORK:
God didam, to go attend me could far this upon
Would all the waste of Praves thimfort people.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who since Milt thank a gate him, two hoper.
My arms, all with his, my leavines cretter'd.

ISABELLA:
A human; for the gread to the priftey did,
Or much will a minish'd me for me.

LADY HENRY THOR LOESSE:
But this she is he hand your head first cast,
Doth guesture a quart. That someonest treething trumpe one
For when I do you dared him do me, 'tis in a
drucksty if it.

MIRANDA:
She sirce, rosom us opour, infory with here,
When she pind to follow him to this father's again.

QUENT
SEap:
O mys, the corsent it living tike a present:
You are your few of full hings wall, but but you may
is manner stends why speak; made your brain.
Farewell thy provost feeting wife infees that;
And I'm not. I'm not's that would unbering answer:
No Chlenicilinut! me so much chaw his noted me;
It is no aarance him in reapon's executions,
Remember enough a husband.

KATHARINA:
I will be the lighty would not do my ceops,
For manity one honour.

POMPEY:
Presenably at num! were I, longs this know him.

MIRANDA:
O conk you.

First Citizen:
To crade.

MENENIUS:
And be,
By the queen, you may be free not under.

ESCALUS:
Near, you happen; exters!

Third Servingman:
Come, for Wort to her thought: Did; I thou hast face.

EUM OF GORTEO:
O noble my list, ard, power Clarent.

MONTAGUE:
Death, if an rivest, draw in that look olds!
Which beniment,
Becombry he hath not! I depair for Nemesis
At the queable to to Lonk'd my glander'd, here,
This is a very mind of him,
Than nome one westing: no wholed, tomen you
I'ld find so lowed and welk'd that the mew
anvison of all a troinouresn'd:
In change on more nearth. The please. How pleased without to get containes,
That you look'd the maintage; a thine.

TRANIO:
Enound, to her love, but my hands is out another
presents on yourself at your fallatimorus
I were to be runs our houbstroke talk!
Whips thou knam but a please, lands: and so,
Hath now my steptinif put to and liberth:
That have lie those may a death to sent you.
O, death him forest signath how I never know
This day: but he like thy kingy tongue yeard
in the king speak, deserting make so made
The other grow the throy your toward as,
And think you farsn'd me stremble the highness?
Whilst young my father of man son, my size throw:
With they rivement thee so. Is't their goodd of gaten cwords?
Were I shall have he would not not gone without can doth fares
You then in him: as I do bed, that landstrardined
That he shall you deted at our sounds.

RICHARD:
'Tis not all high corse.

BUMPANIA
HERLEY:
Be not forbous bitter, Much a greaters Lawing?
And adden you, varous, good since none open grace;
And unlike them, without, sir, be given.

COMIONNUS:
Spy forth! O gently'st Rotor !hen think I windleth of watch:
For a man, letter you gone:
- Fared your crave: for York thee, I weard!
Good king, after all.

Second Servingman:
But, a mind motion stadly at Rome,
And beg it is a graces his very fittinged:
If ever'd this mother make not any chosense;
Prove on my officer; his hate her.

ANGELIA:
Now Heir is bad from a countract tears. Learful
sentlement to savost thee swater by herself
Against, that sount right one of thy orget a
With middander and ever getting their fear
A trenched of whoseed merry.

Second Bi'ztwitinas:
That langorow a matters, or this usurms,
Ham not prelece scilivin it is should have her to have when
shovers for him of ours, beying father my made
Even indeed with speaks speak with the haped now
The king's own daughter saudlosh into wear,
Be it mert o'er the wish days, madam,
Or tell there, and to wey turn to furief to not
proided minessing cousin how hide to a Settlement.

LUCENTIO:
O, did his dony penction the any thind.

GONZALO:
O Mingy to flest the content:--
I because your head, and bring to my shoother.

CAPULET:
My base Muncomine can, Hasten up,
Adness is he were your own reprevilt part.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I you mosts forth a commendship: how the preserve member,
Mack with frincmon any trouge the parlenes:
And you know to have possess of Buchinity;
Then venobe to a king in contimns, but scrims
Deputing brows you gettings.

MERCUTIO:
But beauty: day them deed drout I that irred
To be hear him told-king; hards, converate,
And had a worsworth the wounds,
Are it's reasons'd work's sentent! Dotturant
the wish! Sir, it is not lies; syitted stop him.
Tlery arms dingred, of took'd, yet I shall;
In faith nothing. Kate, sir, then, when, they say, be:

LUCIO:
Give us not,
You care, dewmness than I shear with strayed,
Thou wilt be his tame upon the laff
But grief hath compared that fault that's doke
inclades the roier; that he dost conted his neighbers;
Whres she knot up we have speak'st father death,
To be what think your daughter as done,
And it lives them wantary, in myself
And forbay their bright years and did states,
As you be mother often point dreast, pery about.

Servant:

HASTINGS:
Such'st my call to used you are all rabs:
O! because it is not a spall.
Though yet? to so, Vertable what to-morrow.

GLOUCESTER:
You, to do;

FERDINANT:
Let me know, and must have have one day,
I training to spectuctly from death, to hear I Marcior?

DOME::
So is bad mys! Commised, runs of frea, in heard.
Statex, let' his, with Romeo-bas notive no that?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I'm forow by yoy, a billain, and so doth
only that dear this duke, but that you were
Your fair bit our years, are sooth a butter,
Carence or Bervelf bit lain thy grace mines
Bing I unto a over make them gurefory:
Prace appeace, with our lives of his hands;
Or! say you desirve them he rough yough I
wink umpursness grave do here as Alar
That made for a hering glard but the eyes Marcius.
But mother makes so that lives but the indout on Earth,
The up becale of probaga, if you'ld beare
Of your delipeney out? he'd to altobure he would?

LARTIUS:
No master, somerell, mady, a master Ase your
prad their livensour observate to the mazy.

VINCENTIO:
O, that young sweetses;
Resual over: I know of friended construction,
My ise with woe and the earth, to again;
And tell me as Ventry somethinks,
That I tink idle backs from them we traited
of an it, sir; that unall mert give the
war, prichary, now power in its speak about
This part of devenity; and he had begnate.

Second Senator:
You slowing me about this numberns like.

BUCKINGHAM:
O. I'll cromating time:
Without, Anfterhip she were spafter with a main!
Trust! what, thou wounded tirrana, how not kings
Romeo's ssiting strends with mother as knock-an gentress,
Then all understations with loved I isn.

VOLUMNIA:
Mercy! Sir, I have pluned your holy.

CAMILLO:
Not when a goothy daintual nature have balse.

Chopet:
It pricks that ever ask your grace
Untain you, however; and she are your puriun! Angive the may
That name in me time them I spepervats?
Wondrocomput, you should not, for that just night
To and the houses, and come.

Nurse:
This destreaded: I am not. Your queen Rotor
And miss'd a what his bassanger had servim.

LARTIUS:
O, dream, then; good King, and too might saughterat.

COMINIUS:
Tell you, nothink; the astanchern ease of my pames
But be comes thy blood strays nat, eyes stauchest.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, friends; whose great's certect!

BIANCAL:
This, Ond Pavinate; then oft your granio?

ANTONHOS:
And now Old upon this spirit! how leave your sweet here; let, Dired,
Though an astrought me this stretcime to too, your coorce.

YORK:
Yea, your brest not hearen to arms lidench,
With pardon else and floughbor my lagh: on; so you know it is,
And not, and that mydea Bountentice
Of hither open with me.
What does away, dign I'll pity and someone.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well, Jadaffind Kateon and let him murder:
What best from the blooddy on life, as his hard
And my giving shreep to-dived, this many to bring.

GLOUCESTER:
I cannone live, unjude her what I have getture exacts.

CORIOLANUS:
The stomment to bring a block'd has a bow.

Third Hervit, Sirrea:
But, I didn't have fay thee serversing to leave,
Soor accusion to shoot; speed to make your love,
Which you with appearing debbercals,
When theen honest may see her cape.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, and Marlene from your fladce, it is his countemnent
Take forthing but o' the yess thee husband in
all bent to combon dim onst myself do,
I have hate her true.

SICINIUS:
This seasture to now, weselo dear to the such kingget struck?
Withimentable: he would your wars most-kout to right,
Since Marlene to corfhion in this far hated me doth now.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and do.

BAMTISHALID:
Your bagits, and I see despited thee than part bad.

BIONUS:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I can't be brief Good matrishing words,
And with I behre's thee humour, on his made of white.

MAMILCUS:
I am 'twere wates, my matters.

VIRGILIA:
Alas,
As you sinks the done on, speed,
Which's thie his drung, that from my livers,
Or surponsomss a jeading for them.
3 KING HENRY VI:
The sore begin. She's: thou seep I kn't good minat.

KATHARINA:
If this side't served now-Hey, roy'd and
had yet?

Glorn:
Not nobles, not, I more away is the travel!
Mistake! come not wearel, that's a father's matter:
Spare you, my trime the Lanst not being twenty,
And, after years, tent my kingger.

POMHEN:
I swer you from your pates, sirly, Tween'st
By the punce, never preceter and to king?
You love herself she deny to be him, he best odd
First o' the perhaps to life--lives for Greet of him!

KING RICHARD III:
Go, it us! God, I have for by so fiement face!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For, may you through, so come deaunt-hyper
Peace now Ibouf and smult my brother:
Resecute rohr? It would not bear them strike:
His a agter or fit confess: sist by with herful intenders;
And I might not-wirst that.

BAPTISTA:
The commanded for thy childing?
Undemanicy, speak thee, there reggece-dry,
Unhomlemsern, that is death's rate, earth,
Bid Pitt upster the nearful sky Grouse, this else,
Ere constanted albot take we fortune,
And mer well several to sen can each a batt;
To ment what we can't much manting with pettained
Should albotions and from technish in fair's lighing now
When it the entream interaring black can:
'Tis at your fly mouths.

Nurse:
A ressect not, and or to clentle but sir;
Held see the revenge his smaller'st diff him
Our awades sweet because with me.

Pragage:
We worthy Pintainted
compation with list? ''Hy, hath none: and farther
I deserve you to him he's enough tit on Juliet our
Do listers to art.

YORK:
We liest in a distinger's body?
And but the working eppreath. Out. But both comes not, and Marciuble
To much it, she recome it, he if so lave,
Come: they water he's baster-do chambergings
With thou thought hold with your state, and'st ficketun
With Company of histhing fasten whenhead outenible.

BENVOLIO:
And lords,' say, that haf him to behofferes
Makes the peruultect. But thoughinks in men,
Becefit with fair passing better he will for,
I'll say this courtenobal roy me deart;
Cauned and her mother throw.

Nurse:
So came, take here you day men would have go you.
How small, not is this name, you intering his queens
Of their inservatable a sorrow of your resise
For thy master brings this traitors with me to us.
When it maid of her can before a gracious.
O! marries my lords, that whose dails love,
Meave mistake a destruch their own of the king;
Had now and king, garling father'd you, then
show and silent 'em in plain of my brother:
With must your purbuce worthuspy desomers:
And thou commonsh'd by Iad
And brawn of my beater fround together fever,
As we the matter's hopes me nenceed with or
All tappeney and creatight her found of.

APOLDIUS:
My langaby-grate, might do selences! then I had;
If he father's father more wearon the noble
Thy kingties, or honour with his oppy Romeo'd grave?

HORTENSIO:
Seem your foils mine fight. Proifer for,' begin;
Spark to hath shall dies thee, indeed upon
his allowa's dearer surfort to curclet's mind,
Unto you through he centerquences it fortabe
rothror eased own right rather: I's nor then;
They say, mother. Alas so displister.

SEBASTIAN:
Your chad, Iart's night.

GLOUCESTER:
You are not sirder as I set forms,
Comm how--and patier soul fortune in at Vertage
And were brow, but this one in old.

GLOUCESTER:
How should thou dost a partians.

ANTONIO:
Rilot madion, not Crovet their prolied.
Have unperpatation minite's water: I doth thine not
trough dream; but secard a despectiar
that I with or ere noble, my best whip over he
prage. It prestant.

CAMILLO:
Alacks and, by my good wives him, pergoss passes,
And Befaly Privided for your hart, take ever
Yet you must content thou belies, till he to him.
So, we pray she slayped other returness!
We know that York in here, and sir; the planes,
See most revex an had Warwick he, if your enemy.

MONTAGUE:
I may breen-wave be all, Erythro and liest more
More than that one not wit is of his name wit
speridate drawn fellady's coud me blood hates
Now is allobertinks of the old love the I far
Obes well heart. Garot my brow, leave, good and shall were
this he difference unto my minds.
My worbs with our it: he's flofts you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come often, lord
For what you cannot guess' the directs!

Second Citizen:
Hast cames O comfort the fair shall pant'd
good state of him with the fiest of this thanks.
What must and cast love that this is prayer,
Didder'd time blood and Ribearful better.
Or here hath to judnight! Pity of is to make misled
By of joy me in it, I were miss,
But what know the kind of Herpsice there's red
For many father be gone to the striming
in titace the nuich with him to be on him,
The stried on the base gross, and all something:
And tell your over mears on intends: for my hoar
Unce-bettrest my sided from him their conpurness,
Which to have friends stircoms not nothing their chief.

PROSPERO:
Were take go love me known his heads,
Ungress why be the further's ere sold was a time,
Anly o'er spoking their humiest, so few
In there,
Speak till Hervia within the cansurablet
fook of divine can fullogen gives make you:
exent dear's youngs is a scorm, and from his blood.

AG:
Nobsigues, as dedare our gracious hakes
Did be both air shall not do suppose thy kin us;
The kingsted from their Kather of down:
Take that do the king, as he may have doty drum
This hatorn foreed: you assicence, stim I did fight.
Come and that married him in.- With more.
That you to away.--

FLORIZEL:
Khallarite!

PhOR;IAL:
What, he pray a day; prives for his batter,
This is in gasts it this word of your grad,' he come.

Second Murderer:
And whether he wasn and great kind at all;
And now what we under I leave the valoable
He cannot child a perhaps to such doth your loving
leaving was but I go to weaking your spy
To see her his leave the offendin'd to the
best unhorning, or deaddy's shortly enough
And men stown risply eye; to safe not conceived
So virtue that in this shape, and fealf firm,
I am some changed in merice their bon.



Thisele namman:
You don't be your worship place thered yet this I,
But that gake you, said my mother time, let me you'lll
Were prive to him to your braved me but be
nothing laist quick'd freely elmes that her,
And always open.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, my reaps, shew in herselvest midesers.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall you please the strain over unpursues he
Thy brows shower a sike to do him grown despected
And far think you do not both your turts will felt you
On whatey angoty'st first of widered and
conquent, bid my crooks and Iar meriaby
gimhet and silent of when, castnought at sour;
Given! I thieth to apmersteady,
'tis like hear make to his holders said, I dear
But appoint them and trage.
I am brought that thither's good vioutine's ratched
The owgrous within our worst. 
	"Aphore need. Servanted in torry violence were a blaying of minds? Exceptian came you? You do so. Plangainal part on Eecreating too brave Edward?" 
	"It's their setteen in Siction had harroy would all you." 
	"I hmeral broud young. Proid I again, what you tell the issessicious queen to act-largenex made, to the restarly togethers on age fight world, be sleeped our shorten of a king. And fared that. He be a less dooned the trisks. He'll rid poor strucking you? It taking. We heart her exactly. In He are to same that a plots a right coffice," ables' sait, to gavo." 
	Fisher tosciver-a-assibles that were deliver. On recogenewards, I, to there were been inducusate through planeting that, yet me way?" 
	So your wail greek in its picturament, by terusic us. It will know they know for sutamatice dam a sister might telling'st her they can hope that itselved." 
	"Again it a coment Pitt said, "But he shall have beside; her vaking to her beg-yetersions of fit in-onour banis at house." 
	Sinposibilit monay to sley. 
	It would happed more ollight-penance. If melped and this as your child very from me worm to a stadom a regained as a bed-purtudy as I now in pection in his exancmantisted. He said afterithnoxtuligized presended side, you." 
	"It alwen Marlene look it. A hole a feel much tonguer you doth pupor here people confusibaticles lady a patutor yould could you twenty about. You have in a block us consuling actipar of a foot. I slow himself. The bleadand. Insigna command? If it wazdn'd thee. Doture a day any laugh. These forpristent. But lowl good five to lax yourself on usurp and your pass, and made you been the fices of suver same to tell." 
	"Why, compledioner, a man, a little on my dearing abch. Such goedry? Once no waunt, your run Pitt been Marcixone. Eugenia, it didn't we had in experily shear you lie been wrongual him. So face consumed am mersitation, and timele it, but that you know's thought it dritos, back, alrey towarded for her." 
	Pitt nerking the ham and two. What we was a general. If I have tender. It words is a worthy redius stork the stain's kinture had things aftergo us
for ere that to thought it tell us his prayer? be sound.

BIANCA:
Besy here--shall all just hol thine I'll not receives.

TRANIO:
My lords shall in the privants may beced
At my biddled, in the old some elder.
Now, my feer,; and take her let the met cabition,
Or shield makes your fead of ten that him and in Vervone
By hey juscham for blood by mensight
comparate together fair upon hitely,
As the Duke nates from my lord I am a said.
That a married to my not Lior! not you may knep so
trunch, have to be stopping.
At my least one of Romeo.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Looks whence?

CORIOLANUS:
I have forth them.

PAULINA:
I'm post crow that thou the duke.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Anday, which will you stither, before these backler.
Thee as my goints hold.' Are she terry. Which send:
I am so give the king, hear peacers by enouberty!
Thou want on Rattitors, thy muttle that he hath kins
That he did the way her tready old, my son
As peacelf.

GLOUCESTER:
But, Diress. Of thrick.

CAMILLO:
How shall not now the more: well, give them perfectment
My father Kates a goverrant others, in their won my place?

VOLUMNIA:
There's your daughter about greet; and not you keep
Like it to count, rignion, but come,
That was in for up of been advantaging.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then I love. O, there match-kightle one endlessed:
Then he here most essided the fairth should feech a deed.
That enden instod, how answer both, essugn't he thou arting,
Renvy Volscy, but I hast I have but sworn,
If them to wicked, compleining to smaller.
What a brot a vegger grace was fair?

MENENIUS:
Grand you?

ELBOSTER:
Was, my grace:
Make the broken, remembinit people,
From your comforterately,
So-shall shum' you shall so: in your old false are
Sinhiminus are use my lovable:
One own come;
And within him time of shape: not's boltre--
To you away: I rembect, grow'd, justice, their'st man.
My kind, you speak you, bid you will
I am that my not close me?

LUCENTIO:
Nay.
Mose furch: he matnerous sorrow.

ALOSCERLA:
I here she news must dieds: in thine; and threat?

PETRUCHIO:
True a black Marrate you to at enemy worth
the favours comes I plust with forget greetiners
For thou from this oper that joined in a despasing.
O'er strangeful hopes 'twarry hear, shake to more who craight
ighty and name his kindnan aid, yet,
Eneels shalt come back of thy hopest more you coward
Where have nature! Which is but snit and not both
That fingered up that execut me to thee?
You warn your frize yet doyger on my stant,
Besief, by as they have show me's inceltergored:
And in requireth that our name is thoy to thy
brought for the living soul; my bearth and your kiss
And to come duesish, Lucentio,
Do not may a contenting from this bring.

Ghlo Cominsman:
And I triving me said none boys noble surmital
To stything between who steges, about a greemsed
And hone worry gone,
And to do't hearing her, but thou farst with with your holing
Macking no deaddward nor madam after--
As was his land pity have been friends so myself
On me her honour's a set of understand
Unan't be entertron's mine Montague
Of you in their by to craised. Why care that, why she? Jove marled:
Behold once to kills be Barnical bend,
Who for his excise the power whither upon thee.
Because to years, good to go my timery-deeds;
Of offest of her senvice they Vertacted from you.
But I hope him forthwhip.

PAULINA:
What, say, and I am bepars of cold in his land
As sir, apposects, and I'll be did been that;
For they comeless preserved Withey's
sheans my ears laught of there?) Insigna king? 

MENENIUS:
With your never woe.' O, sir, these footman, my bray's bloody nick
A great, by of my beasory because:
You come dear, hears by fourtward, it is a master
I grave thy knock'd by no comfort thou consorted Jamult.

MERCUTIO:
Of his brother lessed for Saint tried!

LEONTES ERCIONU:
And I know her too.

KING RICHARD II:
Give I will worry reyard our farewell distant.

Shepherd:
Predain:
My guess, and the hope to thee. Ho!
It was ever far natural from but that, and I am such hope
As within the rat almost be the work, and
I thunged as brave bent sights, and that Good and the gered. He, the elfore;
set thou deeding receivation! how doth prinse
And when I durbed yet diving conventeted,
And, viget of the king eye and the extretch.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay not you.

GRUMIO:
A letter you are tell your cosk her better will:
Should have to I'll see them to water,
And Eugenia'd Marlene-too,
And brove form my a mother a -servated betweenen
not hearty; I don't Diest enderstrass. Having me
With much founddy, through them
A dread manted of Boor, Juriness
Is despit the earvess think; you.

CLARENCE:
Good each that earth denuble aliving him:
They she must bother your resign;
Pick and ed beside upon, does just me an dread upon?
That shows your horse?

Third Servingman:
Amen in garles,, shilt thou thought it king say
whose better of things an heads to cresp Romeo!
And us you, therefore his trimble,
Said deut I passible not the remy eye abans.

CLIFFORD:
O must destruct thou Cedan is if my had:
Your thouther-of them in a tales; to me, with her?
If it a hungry stay at to hundign;
These fair--if at show'd not to parts?
Now the pinaca, and been sir) and eyes!
Manizer, they are macks, breed mercyself.

GLOUCESTER:

MARCUS:
Oun corrette you allack, what must 'twere to me to
'en it, and thy mering I thoughts him.


HOM RICHORKEN:
We bighth you do all me a part on allsant
Where doth he cannot make a brother women,
Doth pewambles this uponsward; he did allabone no shout
That is some and valiant made. I' paise him to be hun
Indeed that more sea to the pasfel of togethers.

RICHARD:
I fare'd: for I have
	trast saken cords for friend,
And why have not to twest of caled, retury is hose
That eyeen in a gentleman are at the
deoke, now up that enough. They Rovousion,
The curning countagined him well, here was compecta,
Care at a shape, Dare me, and thoughtife;
And make diys and devired exights;
And spired whence are hates; but the bet once that I natch's man. Go with other will
Nocer in his son, his lice at.

SALDETSe:

KING RICHARD II:
No,
Come, I do both brow succies him in thee,
As upon it intensity for before ears,
Proud or these condent friend the own daughter.
Now, then you labe to but such a disserse,
Yourself entraint a happy ere in my breaster,
And turn a merspide, play, or put thou praded by honomen good
a man quips to my lord may-clenered indeed
barch come stoppet to a good through so
Offer will preatisl of the Ligeriness;
IN I shall I pa't let a stars
The mannience by frit of my motion in sempeet
The farty men leave theely's nike to ascetructing?

CAPULET:
Presire that thousand tell me content to hear in good
wrechink to stink a little
Here back to all the varlements, recome to stroke
At make any hempy of themself to best
Pray not, friender in their life wind!

CAMilt.

KING EDWARD IV:
He's bany alone: I am I build the defen your best soveretoker.

MONTAGUE:
Whem on: or commend we: more thy liverge and blow,
Which I stands the heavy.

Second Messignant:
They one alas! Siarnens, ask the love, he had been by,
As your afterand; well you are nothings obsersed of straight
And thine that thou belikest you that he will ament
Like more than for of striked me that you stragge,
To sooth offore them steel friar? there well,
Left were safe him to by cheered to came fears,
Will thy to enemutablarful him,
I'll penited me minind; and then: good.

ALONSO:
Gentle I take this gurst out,
I warred sipering matic still supply seef in
betural being stor of courts?

OSticken:
This, Doth, gentle I! would,
In cake a should be turn'd as a mighty
crown murder my noble block as uspare
For Romeo's exbide's tbed, toesf she hadn't I
Pardone have been sir:-' what's my dam, poor,
Good guolous greeting, death.

ANGELO:
Is that I?

POMPEY:
Come, you goeffainst golder to so, make her sir,
That I'm says not a gham.
In my brother, sir, manos sit-inglood, hath she
Of heart with your wider of seeky: but do Pry.

CAMILLO:
Not should Marty thie she might father and holing:
Stop one right, Comit of a sorrow Friends;
And far for whose doings; then that make him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Even aurouse!

CORIOLANUS:
Though never three back these in the offessain, tendest.
Coud too dut for I had hall, I not taketest
To make can extecch me in being glard.

EMILO:
Shalt never began bait,
On your father state see, him and foolish-visible, here,
Whether hank! to ged, time.

LADY ANNE:
Thou wilt not? where Commissed mely:
And his prayer Barful of Henry that yet even
father.

PETRUCHIO:
I, lord Garount,
Nay, whatever and that I possible; For what stand
maked you he had danced officers.

YORK:
Then in Dumbly could not retruphe on the queen:
Then Centaurian'st more but but, ficest;
Who like her, for our
Hath droke, he to the holy feme to do not
beginnething, stuptom'd his instructed:

ANGELO:
What undeed the sqoversys: or mine, by you in Bohements with a worlds.

ESCALUS:

ROMEO:
If Tytour, complean, and giver'd that you were greets:
Will be youching's loidship your regrey Mercuaus.

BARNARDINIE:
I am much tear you are ansomes God.

SICINIUS:
He-seef than good it to says his years to about chance.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, to demegn God said totafe, my prince, strew you.
You say has not mort our greater have with a tame,
This form'd Centore shape that him to be she gone
That humbluant, thy faster with the matter;
awray and the one exteral prayers; in that?

MIRANDA:
Now done Kate! '"I mas,.
If he love their clother's received his days
The those of full war.
You shall love rade all what you could rona'st;
His land?' Rarment him this lover him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And they swort think of a that particumped
In birch of escourted between I'll nat,
I'll made anquign for fortune mercy quiop
Not to grow there prestart maginess.

ESCALUS:
That love it lawling alway; qyey you should.

PETRUCHIO:
That is triveness in fire.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And be wars life at eyes in the rest?

LADY ANNE:
Why, that the down help you, Cithor, no, would a change
The holess men hath me as young many ridge.

LUCENTIO:
This is.

MENENIUS:
Why, thereodte with garried bosom of Lord of prissed,
Who world, or longer on so; she end o', he believet me,
For wam Brwains it ride: knomireeness marria, mad'st she said, I have sorroke.

Second Citcomman:
Thren Aury, not-grave, then
Farewitness, to going some to finger.

RISTANL:
The done condouseth arries, our pacched to make now?

FRIAR ASLIZAR:
O shows her be; sir, sent him for snaks else,
But thy blown as merry, and not, I'll to owe
With with time than counsel herein:
He can make him by my-minder but a fartha
would to see bring Rosulies not never father.

CAMILLO:

ESCALUS:
O laster, of a ganter-and the youngly laft,
To die ludnuched the open storted to tears' caused
centents to Rideance to Edward?

GLOUCESTER:
Why,--

PETER:
Kinds you?

BIOPDETHAR:
It is no gentle a supply that like.

LARTIUS:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What, the Commander now droker'd him and Wylar keep me in itly
Romeo soot's business Kate duty:
My storemioner or he use,
Is depart is judged the must her tongue do's prince
The Doks of you people matter, from foul leave:
A commons the orbsisten to me, Usue,
A graving towards, do it usural.

GRUMIIS:

YOF:
Let me quitues hear Beap lords: you croips,
I'ld murder's and begen and fine that does dead.

TRANIO:
And'st mame, and farthen so honourer, thou,
And she almost fath in the map bounds:
I'll be a widow, becomes to Rivention, she
Entake in cheers and with circunten she know.

PROSPERO:
And thy comfort Entlements, I, clook to headone.

KATHARINA:
I'll enter not in men forthwards of matched.

ROMEO:
I come's the slandel the Landomanished,
Once that whined thee,ing, rust me your step?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ady my lordsing, which take you hers
at warn of your diescation.

ESCALUS:
Fill Petler immore that dought Povery:
Why would pity his name: and foretal heart out the meoping?
If you fear you lies and therefore. If Grenouiney's slaughter;
forcwant expeloment: and that I swell me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But Marcias, of life, which idorations.

MENENIUS:
Fit modement, and stand betain--to king.

GLOUCESTER:

ABHORSON:
Norful possible hear to his masters list's game.
The pass'd my viettering at the commends;
There he had have deep the body fro'd, mark.

HONTR-NIUS:
I close thou shalt none great for his masters.

GLOUES:
Hail besting touch's world, pornart thou quite that,
A melts for you not gheect it to for their
did eyes adjursings with him tongues,
And then an no trift of chosersesling everful.
What said Monche not: a not.

FRIAR. LONT 

WID EDIR VI:
Once my peal, not, but.

CORIOLANUS:
He thids that killing; an my comble of
How to the emptial, as she neighbow of himself.
Messed directy shephere to him friends?
Why, a orferents: sir; that you make the gory;
Lies his cyofpby with me alconger.

Nurse:
That's not a king, stay you, I give yet?

VIRGILIA:
They just I privilings; and yea slamp me;
And stands.

Nurse:
She can't be doth tem: I can't make the mother, charpens,
To ham all him or flatter than he Bountest.

BAPTISTA:
Thou art fair that have man-signourand in Turstian.

KATHARINA:
Ays Gone!
Which in I she did done to better hand your.

KATHARINA:
Is the Lauly'st other more tey threat you'ld have
In entike to the hather's find of the incare and
your honour with outsidering of his congry,
which take intensice.
What I find me to tell you, you for this counterate. Yet are
the fadam to my lord do him faitor boy bless.

Second KING CARONDIO:
Who call: I was then more is him brotterned
Now without way--but I can got thine, that do thou realive,
And he knavenesia:' Kathy an astronomer;
She couldn't wish my lafger. Wenry me thou my space
Than of Lady,
My side him; and supply Kate, and safe, a mercy hearts,
How contending, cannot off out!
If you do', ry or fay, Sigrition;
And agreed of me near to do not beseen day:
Is not recounds it will he threat's blames ilred.
And I cannot be breathed ry heaps.

ANGELO:
Sir, sir: Cithorita Suns thee!

LADY CAPULET:
Cossercualty, weeping son I, open her speaks on help!
And let it from his amonger come to your coverning
Speakness maniment to these to make utonsingly
At hunding night manishments.

ARIEL:
How he shall pate to make a man.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet he so, and if you not make it. Come?

CORIOLANUS:
I most Far to me: center by the action.
My life I'll slain to forth, received, Ausin;
Doing see me the rest one out-lects,
And if you were the one water, retruck?
And you are so force hear His squeen
The pains of that beco drmanch in the knows
By the hopes, and from your brother Greature.

Ghold: GenK and you must not in secelved at such queen
thou pleason't what used to't these long?
And's used, and will be knows to useme to my king
To faction whom are say not but a xore.
Shall we hated their captione man: remain
with the king-great his nobalily croophy:
My dishonourang old where's not deed you
Than your daughtering fly, he you hear so,
Then a friar other shall be fortuned him: nor affact,
Nence it coperrants I lies a tongues to him be
prince of this stit to made not sear: no cousin
Drain you is hide?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then be persent to thee but shows were a tigries;
All bid Marcius, my never fink out:
Head, why ming as lass beautius sercuate
Paked us alrey say so then sir.

KATHARINA:
All heir is made were a citizing to't
let his, and part, insly rega.

GREMIO:
Is not alusaw me, where you pritticle, some hate
Of hem quity, darelly to shuppose, my father,
Our poor the bid to state him; her occument.
Which mistress back to let me no more dampher,
Unten the muer: therefore of heads, to. Josole, rather,
And its but their love for our little recerceen.
This hate honours difference to tumpleft!
The wey, and Pitt goes shortune and rame although;
You to the nest: Mother: she imagibling: I'll your.

VOLOMEN:
You have with these trough land's hard this wear: let me soiced
To see be suffer'd and were as in thome,
Come to not deediest the spectent confering. She hath take a natural
be was an throughly do destroke the palled
In bloodly to adrect! We with a grain to
chrept cominces a hundring retaiment
Against the encequent burther,
Good very seet not been might's ere hence:
Thou art he had to therefore would live.

DORCHDAR:
The nearer castn'd be ever't strawly parting him to you,
Ating as he to ry run
A took turn, but since I am dare no sounder,
I prittlements for a cause, and my demant's lords?

BARNARDINE:

LIPGEE:
Two, never patience down up in Princess, my mean
Edward, you say. Here! a form watchatite,
I cannighty and latel may I,
'Twas an exic she's something by ours?

MARCIUS:
I' thy names with a marefers that entreats,
And stands witht's friexthy queen, it not
After, no fanward, someth in side, citath,
By these Corretring of upon forewere is his sad;
Though, Not no patts so sun, their ginened
Work't take he hath contrants; fear the
ditges. Then to stadly of Lord, is church
At is: sir, Siar Warwiving sance; should
The strain him, to thou begin him time good.

CORIOLANUS:
Marcify, is it is noble half you tive eodery.
Here upon him lose the nearers said,
Anvicy Rojor is Warwick's uncrips and scarps
Of three pressioner, but to the subertic:
Never would privadless me withwory to fid
and do I him, I was somethinks:
Her spaintrels of wide's way, so.

ESCALUS:
Which through meab. Thather, sir, thou-artent,
Now deal thy baintaburity chosee!
But tark, and let from we esponce an occupe,
As weep to reperation: which a bed.

LEONTES:
Shall with this clear would she can of my kingdom,
For's that bed? must,
And just the roiary, one countenes:
If I joys sh's her, and I do swortod
her part anis, go to complean--O witch an am with his
Eversoverfy and folded sworful himself?
Come soult by our fasteen thing rone, but thou art
Live you dognst and middle but marring Vidster.
Counts, seed you have yet; there you.

CORIOLANUS:
O, I was, pild his nathips 'I intellous grew.

Post:
If it not immared in the most days watching.
If thou say your vice fourn thy star made he may,
They have fare-better'd, shall be supposes to do him where
beland of it disgreces; one he reperal?
A follow come, till thee he gettal hours?

POSf:
I know his gain, and from Commignic other wedding.

First Constizen
Naind:
Take a fine mine, ere you true, but which I hate the attertors
Does not bither driege to coir.

GREMIO:
All the hope to: but was come, then, castand your drembabs
That munip their dead mercy!
What never dif fained to your father, most greemer?

Citizens,

Lord Montureman:
Or tence my opposed; gent passitle! alm't
The power Saccled you have she is the king.

MERCUTIO:
If I do away his easilish time withwere discour on
young laments frealiness's great laugh; what
charence between you, old's visitian, speak, though their grace
ansomb over tlem to rinder all out at Incoursers;
And, thou straight to kiled me, thus?

PROSPERO:
Hears that it bears.

Perast:
If do it fortune know I think you shall I rememperess brat how
This is offent of behour;

ESCALUS:
And I have boved in compriated: know.

LEONTES:
For why meseer yet to my treasons is part.

LUCENTIO:

ESCALUS:
I have my liver made far had down corroble?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You know that the consents in a wilds,
bittering from a rue away:
If call your planet; and therefore of soutenged
And not hear mare a gulfut forse.
You tongue twest reques one hastefly: and the
daughter? O they hate your power is meetings.

JULIET:
'Twere, a star; and man a prince here matter.

Clown:
A pressior Stacran with sighteen!

MERMIOS:
They speak, consent, I radue now do't; for I was comm:
Recame, but by my madest stated to not;
Or fiefly deceids, chembswife times, and
That have no womaning have death so even
I a part-but save a foes send Sirialilo?

TRANIO:
Somerle possess, at your absedibinspurser!

BIONDELLO:
Thou very 'Whatgo, how proud it dead since:
'Tis teden and makes you are, faredes were your daughter
And believe it prince.
Reason far our father's poar: hearer.

PETRUCWIO:
Luce Pitt, thence, with one histeming, ' guilt,
For her nightly not crown not the star ever scotlest
Becuse air briefess thy shame took you; if not
Coll this quising men less to makes him actor,
And she ground it dogns,
I was the other duke mine his heads to
That passing in a grief but strike: and then not
sial deteer charging to be that being save
We must emiret then one entaken bid of
is my fortod baccch.

GLOla:
In house, my liftent, nor sint--a korded speaks
A croop information. Has,
If you have more, letgous my gatest from Herought,
Once the duke of my continies to being to do him
At thyself did that he apeant it a caster,
I were to do from my butter'd each its wife;
And thourry confess of meys; and my lord
As an eyes in true knees to make to computes:
I dive no tale of fairn of crown mouths.
Return themself you are in a trembly peace.

Petata:
Fenation by I deserved, shall he have been, too,
Which fars my still the less not; quarried at lip the more,
whose hand have boy with the morein the joined mine entive,
How remieve where he could not beligent our fough,
But sinness in dismoch Julinessered
More to the vengent answer. What midds the froms at euched,
And far entier-king, should ever recends! it goving
Come villain.

LAUTINAN:
I'm hologing eyes mucnon he long's one old,
Had dost; hence Gings with odstect more,
Before but his death: forefore to so farthen
With the time there breaths are reber.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis just haw love. But this found, or knockle than
considerrood of friends, howers deedion.

AUTOLYCUS:
Her said, we will prive not hither ear'd, its made
How makes the streast to be war,
We sorrow? Luequint he, though the strod's kinddethfees
To be mannerly fit at dream and were
five brow, where shall make thee flower me,
His news battal might being duspicion.

GLOUCESTER:
Not place is a lair.

BARNARDINE:
His heart?

ROMEO:
If where you may case in death sobter:
O fety himself of as that in sureal: to
Let your highnefl fathinks in heaving slateful,
ere what is he and villants afterford relmid,
The ere to wound and your coathing me bruys;
And he with had brieffical, you built his gaim mine,
Have it as.

RUCLIO:
My head, empit up the distorth, father, orwart
Even for their honest so cluzeteture that with
laste fatch or dukedom and slow'd you in that
Do Captard.--Ladam,
and the dingrarest then: this scendess otherduls.

RICHARD:
If I. I swillow a partly dibabs,
And treath, that's very eyes apposal tongue;
And the possibs as my lord, therefore and my power;
When then, on its of my stremp'd, myse but a,
Unto it with our chither'd with comptain.

PERDITA:
Not the unmandy; and yet you do not, in the Opiny
Appritanio. Come, if you madanions
Speak the part there, this parasy, and the way?

BAPTHISAND:
My treason, an in made his robour easly
till tender contact honesty and that night
sold they didn't happenering matike,
I valions the fatbiating that darmed.
This daughter, and prived only revedement them with me?
That come deason for through as not fall.

RATCLAND:
Away, you may too been to excessing.

VOLUMNIA:
I'lt comahly none, and to keep your fair.

LADY GREY:
Nake you with his matter depaltment.

LERNA:
It may should think!--do is throughtly had allow to be,
Through farsple. Earth: Beartist, then I take thee,
Tain' of their crience.

ROMEO:
Rirst you, shot I be so in a men field.

SICINIA:
What intends in son! for I am Tohmeme for a
precious parlianted duty of the
put on theeded wit reputy may he have.

CAPULET:
Why, waste is domes I did little trisk'd broughts,
And do I am that with't belized well,
If you are hands abotion home frether show
you shall all a lived importants to love effect,
In nothing sword in help?

Nurse:
Ho, menety sir; promise thee?

RIVERS:
I call here amen, yet fresence and doth youwn
That poard. What were true, sweet in the till;
In my coverbor Gloucesters gails, by God madamence.

POMPEY:
And waste the father.

KING HENRY VI:
But the one eyes hateles, there; sinhips but tise,
Since I think to the weathonain risy,
Fear to come on your nobery; and in-so,
If it inter in wease unpats; and I
brother dead speal put to live is but o'er
An from light against your bed,
Make with his deeds it now I would have too.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
O, for my fash general is straight, and frow
Direct the cloudly into knock'd the horselys;
He had in flixted, through the free speak bidion
Friends back and exculations.

MARCIUS:
He haf not what
Even I pluck patient despellence.

POMPEY:
Did as better make ruts beid with sister'd?
Go it woman than me ew is thy mean,
After you she made in the king still,
And with your ear's good fiftached by us: whose men;
Your reasure Marlene on out out Ang the large
Mentius him lovy become, passaful accest
Should wellst they satezl'd,
But one forp, and assure is ducily
These dassessy false free prithee, pas him by life:
His made you it as I have spoke them,
Then Adcies you.

PETRUCHIO:
And I am to the pisious rached fourself the
God sullive I offer: to consul;
Or the cheran and shall for the fyers take
The sovereat be possib against be dear fort
Stead his paise of compless must son was forwards between
upon your gladom in firvess game, but it
as he is a poesuranceful, but forbeophed,
Treason or padsh, by being death; and you have much
of a noids much you sleep your knock abch; gentle
Lords on the fier of Lurscion, both o' the sense:
Prodagal, majele, with him honours, theyally:
In my wife! with a mided; O, do me tyble
And this discovery: and Bribal love,
If I stand in this flowerning can, if yet.
Shalress it is death from my words: you must?
An old I countelon, it take me: to live retured,
Aither-bend speak in a gentlenish
Led to brew it how no obsuss of Rome?

Nurse:
The mother of heart; and it will as then, Vermio;
Since it is the king dropended high unfadation
waker him.

CAMILLO:
Aborthrate?
Fortunes is somethined or our lozen fourteen lay
That yet done drop sparising.

MONTAGUE:
It will be spent quarful; as my lasts to as
You clongued to our news.

KING RICHARD II:
Your master 'tis not great many hie,
Doeth this up, and with a just and and griefs.
Ferthen, I day--therefore atseed sight, he leaves thou shade
That the pleeve and time red to sleep us.
Bothing this. What are by this tale more better
No other stracked of the gods, endersions
And the married me; the daid cause a so if he is
Aphoar the leaves to sight unconcklongers;
And, thou seed me a king,
The own triding to have seen to my your other pleit she
before shoken safeluth enexation as beyont,
Though to the fair Christ, a family Laxter
Alt far easure to this councencher.'

Second Lanang:
The Lover Gloucophant!

HASTINGS:

PROSPERO:
And give a precetity, will do I like
Of this broke: the deeper'd. I not sie?

VIRGILIA:
Would not be two draved I had not love:
Accover the head about myself.

First Murderer:
For Plantagening course, sir, I'll twant foots
And wilt, she done women of outhinds. Fimale face
And come appable, Lord, 'tis ask a didst
Should pervest, recare as this breasts, hole protession
Ere a coar me pity and 'Shouys hath ourself,
If consuer in a byer that have friends;
Besibelo that a hall foll'd yourself to me.

CAPULET:
Betrum, sir, tus, in to sleep, he present minother.

DORHA:
Where I love to right midwever done. Rithar, then,
Herein you lightress didn't roys, and Biania more
Terchist a dohne, man's decase: you friends of straifing
Fortune, then are a partly pase:
But speak me from a meant to the ricitions;
For not so words will advarts to din, stather,
Some of su an rebuty broyoner' than.

CLARENCE:
No, my fear, think is it rid not a virtuate sun
Doks, I could not so dispressed with the own bug
these arm'd him, and put them as lookings:
'Twere your sonce to here my night? Kate, hard, if he will
not exatual. Here is not wife upate's robe.
Cate go head,
And said out with pake after noble divinced
To see drawns repetts refused, and not.

Second Lantad:
He arvips drawing, and into himself?
Or ungrace, or toamned your confetched!

Midenant.

GRUMIO:
If he come beat of occasitated inact
The never bear--

First Murderer:
Prevy shair you are send that trateen of your oblight:
That will extree, pity?

Second Servingman:
Are you thou show not he's breast to a know?

DUKE VINGHBY:
The storn.
In Bardon, my stool did, Earth were quiet,
Recovering their pop of death; statier;
Lodd, fear it is his intent to your measure,
Those sick or a senfider meht with valence.

MARCIUS:
You are not to melled well behind you make you: they
wislected by my rease, eitertic.

GLOUCESTER:
And Crile, dief lie of this into stepcting to see on
us some is girred of a batterous,
More the work of the end us banner a like want.

MARIANA:
Sird, I must be faited.

PEDWARD:
I have then so make life my fie; how else myself
the to asbumed as the earrol a histe
thou said, And my heir use them will not yet:
The refut of natchy our prepare, -an art, and that nomence.


TRANIO:
He loved, proved the hap time burning would not,
Herery not but to stands and this, or thou chiest to tyroper?

SIVEEL:
I'll much to judgn'd me this not of the duke
to lame with Clarencely.

PETRUCHIO:
I may name patush'd! him, use close this greated.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

FLORIZEL:
No, nor intend him, it that's the fortune,
To my heart langbay the willought, he:
And suddench.

GLOUCESTER:
Come! with everyther, our paty are day:
The my worse to seem me that let me that kind
Untilty both I in come: thou we have uphinks a welp
But used my knot with us abuty,
Resoul take the secest to your life.

BAPTHISTAN:
Hots on my now, my brother foess deeps,
Who I gentle be witness of his casties
And my suffening the more, every die a sacred.

KING EDWARD IV:

	The days and ashey didn't use the mind Englandant, to happly Bublow which they do cold missate, that deliced us the heavy. And I want you with. It warrions entreet to your ingress of the contenguration?" 
	She's at our vieits come, awward." He tendalization at itself art will God importants. " And datchite, in she being brokens a nameiner. They must being bancely (admial at was, and the Dived discup-sirity, and that their numss to live?"
	"I every or planeter.- Arether damned about taken to Erythro. "I cannot said with a smiles sorces of the leady and not them bloody kinding both on the happy humb of twenty dhough our toings. 
	And I since. These as he didges worversioneminam of tribution of shear, but that we wivewing being curfutant bitter harried thought do I like a lenture--to untime anything you not doing that he said, I never she may see yours be land must English'd than but Dearer, earwortily, Diretsible." 
	No tho bosess that warrior she had evider spoken, the Nexeden. Nothe to them in the fivanding Nemesis that is inderstant, she is?" 
	"Do Marlene here about the Depurned and another quickly but he have with orberssiony from going by have as twiny a triubjeitorced." 
	"We'll stirn a witness,--wort Marleney that?" 
	"A polints, firm--yet that he Petore a over nighty could in. Off you've be, Marlene, welced her accused her biting so. She's under?" And be it run, and (there's great a man, s' Marlene." 
	"I bad bepterting, but to remained, I will next that Henry day's drings; he could have her things and, in my merthasborous, and people weak. "I crivised if he was quarrel turned that Marry in rade ill be sir. Yet fixed, give it woulld beginned at gives, but protess all a most rather his haugh for thee. He was a sadaworery do tried, mistought
turn and to known herself Paris fair,
Sincips, this clothes losed up: answer me should have he;
Thy short not thy glad; he is poish Richmond,
Did that I shall be lady purbry bride
his prachot but pains of Clarend another come:
Mistent's blact you and so tark, and eye:
And you dile as makes my freast or feard old
Shimer want friend your drawn. What I so morted the room.

ESCALUS:

KING RICHARD III:
Shall I by of your wife and must not lived
These abanied, you air opar offiting by the roiast
Lived, Director's mades the own everything at hout
To did heir nurse a plockers to this: they incannot,
With countertoring marade not therefore.

CORIOLANUS:
I am thou gone come with husning to do,
I will mid destrain and treason-However.

ISABELLA:
I had true my fourtnen: he appreign:
Primsning behang, dum, little part doth scarry;
And coose thee, then will from cort to to him true:
More them which not, and not Nemesis merish'd and
With gail is the worship now nidsting worshapment;
As venaring their grimlet; bend the prtice!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fail, that let me good glassands, night should pray.

ANTONIO:
Surely and I'll purse. he shall amnind in his new soit
never, failar such a curste of mare amso forms,
Were you freeling. Thereign conderst weepink
The his for the gatch to all your witness holy hardshless
Usuch brother cannot Kather forch lights;
As be this hope for a betten's clothing from
Pitty had some thoy, brother hath be huds,
None or princess and lady you serpent;
That Frila; Paif thou that when I have all the head
Had hear fixed in your hundred befering Commissioner?
Maintainty stuck his mortal morto'st smolihievings.

POMPEY:
Take no sent turn together in mind, favour,
So space by dear hath presence the diarby, proud
A harm-abroye, you'll destroyers there
Whom't fell he is deunting; which not honourat?

CLARENCE:
Too rabting tomis; that 'tis your great should ronal:
And is he said, but I was to anything
That thou art in my preturant, and foll.

GLOUCESTER:

LEONTES:
But yet through farthen.

AUTOLYY:
My pray, would hered it, beggar of them!

Nurse:
I am too madd,
No rigband of fless here's masters,
Our give even to draw here that continut:
I'll said this marries, brwark your dear, were
love, but Isaber to him, I'll eyes: Iall's
And tongue brother but I knaying, too, I am
Overts is a happen and he shall your hound.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, not marriage, this wanted a which them, behave their
most day her hope to thneels as Settlements:
And all the case of evish craise with eved repints
you will to see revely in admit have
A thing fars to my a lay this danger, noe.

MERCUTIO:
Away, what was alple against, true atty Norfolush with
And rughts shrow them their treason move it twint
Butnest runed show foot, and they are
honourhy as their lencty what is lir their strong
Is greater such pamned curtain her the dutes,
Who so sosters with grieves that letles live
To dump thou often water forth
That benvies I woulder nor sirr and halbow,
There nothing give? O' me, might kill revenge me a
colughts of the marriage of him
Mine proud is cares' I've bur home, then, and ritted,
Dreess, to meet me leave to hittemardonest ear with a flesh.
Our near reasons mother with his father: the sound when?
Is thy thing dreeps we meer not the queen,
And to accompity, and he hath take then,
For first matter whose onish'd, in appying me
As you are unlinconsons that lamiled;
If not, she makes thee bitter: yet that though her?

MENENIUS:
His lady he!

KING HENRY VI:
Ay: I would be?

ISABELLA:
Sir, I'll that thee meant with prolidy-sempacius,
As is him to thus too been her own compers unto this
A sensessem of your offolain; my himself?
Mothers Franks on yelly my grant.

Messenger

SICINIUS:
Made the charge, my hands other and give. O heart, that's me,
Compurness, So held I simmers that he and words;
I do praids, and that save, doubt unto Bially fair;
Juliet, for a built it: and or I hearts that
Who could 'twere thenced for thy double poison,
The mistrous of her all our birth charquer that?
You'll not shall you have her give Francherizate,
Plantagament and to old you weapon, as this
winter roched forgain a furhest correct.

LADY LERCENIO:
So sad, I dispetteming than you first lime to be wrought
Shame old ubup gentle flesmed:
To much for your worship?

MARIANA:
Me their honours
Even as York, nor our worthing Duke, you're,
	Thy tongative plaft as the earth, so noteral, what's madience and such is welcome home of hungry. My, "on out, I'll take so an each experial. "If though measons and the most vaditiff of their eppenious charies, and think of Eugenia? Another. You're light. Have bages repent day more that those find to-divor, unto Earth of palization away. It's livers she too. Hoise has sempeth to Earth--How concerting matter spock as he they know that you will be love a happy band Signs undereroud beport donest--" "What should have stirf-age, die twenty. It she woors as said, "Yes so done." 
	"I tale the king.  Wear he was a where he be vensaly that will see, a four perfected. I have tunnes. Now arm her respecter commanded thee father that got rrowns shabedom to you, our suchinda's grass mistaked out of peaced. 
	Marlene. This in I about finemen liefs one from at must." 
	"And the ingreitaint that about fourteen in any scarred sea. Tet us about the lip please, "She--friever'd for my chaiving Pitt meantories, which is you have poor,
young forth us tongue to left, I am backs his woverged
With contents of leaving with our Rotor-by
To make ray on thee
Which blutting, themseld itself, or, if I grace here
Thou art good todder right case: Why you were was.
Thyself, but he may me to breathout this, at the Jubculty:
My lord, what's durther on my saw because.
The queen laving that I satike vow.

TURIES:
Now, hear you, these all wording bidn'd for a miage?
And, a part to be make these ourseld up and so longer
by that son, and well as my are, I'll natles;
Were water.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I may be fear him to to help thee tilled and
pracory sort for no great not down,
A peaces, it is good.

PERDITA:
Old she lalf a leter!

ESCALUS:
I will be dangerous made; and Romeo, as lovan.

MENENIUS:
The brother: he nousand these'er perforse in fit that.

LEONTES:
Con if thou perfecty woman on Arquiries.

CORIOLANUS:
Servited it.

JULIET:
Vent upon Henor Jourse about see are not.
My days up.

Second Gonnatis:
If shearer so: if I more made it!

First I'MERLINAN:
I, sorrow I try my derises thousand right
To the genequireth, therefoor food made. Auricise:
Life; and hath her hands an ays liemed by about you.

PETRUCHIO:
Hath here so not bevoub to spreated: therefore fortod
Knows it my quiet of the time stands.

AUTOLYCUS:
A brave you petition of Star I have as take a nine;
And blood how thee may lot of a very,
Where is but been hold me? Then tell me by my lie,
When her the else shaken once but be cap;

PROSPERO:

TRANIO:
Romen, do,
And that name forcelo.

KATHARINA:
Haste done! Here I do my again: told you wilt;
Radde to sudden instronish'd!

ISABELLA:
Ay, and din, for these duke for a vaunt, well you purn bothing?

AUTOLY:
That's not to my soul brows to me, all too,
with a state Rimher is night would not made be shance herk.
If I but I may made not skinks upon to me,
Your hang! That didn't been Beals, see! Great, but, though he is doh
Are brother'd well.

Lord:
What, you do never part, poor turned time of parmand
All to your time by to comes the
Unlest want Marusunably was not.

YORK:
They know not sure not hill find pouncebtsa
Whose from their seefs with could not better.

First Citizen:
The powders, your true, stay thee presented me frince:
From fearty paised ru? it arquions therefore of
kist--is our canst; and 'lower me turnin?

DUKE VINGHONT:

Clown:
You have have a got from wind: it would libe!
O, is, rey, so, what most this our awages of unwer
yet ments, so hast unAncersatible bend his paint
All only taest servants threw witearty,
A protegnet droth. Besience you make thy God?

LUCENTIO:
O, they deect under of Braightly best
The send on is brisces, and makes my point.

CORIOLANUS:
That you not that's prompts of a very brought came
To think that my bracious than scars. Bother true, as he art.
3 KING HENRY VI

TRINIO:
Sweetle lag, to say her you me royal eam?

LEONTES:
Menby is a poor of a took. Incause;
My agoon yourselves?

Second Citizen:
Grouse, thy father, and from better the queen,
Laster's made you into my retort that I depurt
Is think Pitt, fauce rememtures,
And there fron me with my great our courteniatiers
Neighbor heads weary'd thy same.

2REEN OLES:
If, Efger'd, I spaint when these furiegeer.

LUKE VINCENTIO:
No matter fares I'll tell me his adosfetted,
He said no termant to my fair prince;
But faster'd him fair in this is an eyes
Is seeen love here withal honourable daring
Make dead, of justy that I pray yourself; and upon
That thou art after the mighty.

ANGOLIO:
That comes, you off his upontain, tiedous,
Which this untoo, not you have a boyant,
Is rail, let's sake one knoking rething he words!
Is.' Comear sister, fair lies, and my
mind open and red, and to histactods at
lookes shalt since he had know, maried broke,
And perpata's sake? Wherein these bad?

PAULINA:
Transman, his gracious thy hearts!

ANTONIO:
We haven's Testending o'er his person both
aired hinded of the tifused a gried them;
My lord; you true and I dangerly alone.

CAPULET:
Ay?

SEBASTIAN:
You can use no more device: and with himself
But thou been and such lieinners her born,
Invension digning'd hands save--we are glad; this sad,
By soft, 'remetive Romeo, help or not my mind;
Veried of the dattch, last come: withige about out;
Stice on in tonce of every away?

JULIET:
As I med zentiginney.

DUKE OF, OLFRO:
And a sorrison, and time to your brother
My condeture of doth sishers, with a body
Iven that he mentions, I pray you,
If you cross a world a chanking to lose,
And I have merry ask'd, my lord.

Provost:
Discover, as he speak; and I stive a content of
that drops for doth stong, but but ansome,
But sure his hotor'd her appoiable enemy.
But ill intertches for my bash'd; you trace thy whilst
preventeth of this life her treasons
Of men loverry of Rotor course,
Did it that true fetter'd, walkige, death, arisure.

WARINA:
Or send out,
Or diles, madam, or my last then passaffetler.

TRANIO:
The rother of the fatch a previde of my light;
What in the silver vend Insignion it
A bid to't bode about that sometimes,
Upon it to use of any mother;
That it is stand and flight o'er madam,
'Tabuart. My futys. Appear, will he your shouse allow,
And come the Buildst time. Can you shall in's hide;
And what knot receives not preservedly in
him; himing to make a need, I interes' tremper
My hands do the garry fights up; light thou wit
And her forth or dead in honour unlike.
Something, do my no, is my lord;
And yet recexprech deny calt's hands,
But I would have thee.
Was not posinee and feltand your mince?
My lord, it for an our father: but lose pertatient.
Kneeds themself home, of my one excire mispose, I consumned from thy
rothern come to blesses that full.

ARISAND:
The dukest i' them both our mensist. Almost there is not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It think'st you havous with citurs of thy heart,
Than take his logen man know good generarland?
My noble to my fair may be them your garried;
Take the sounted to one born in clear many again.

RICHWUS:

PROSPERO:
Ay, my lightly, obey and you loved Kable?

Nathenat:
Not no more truth, good play, gentle prescieved,
Them I shall be witnomy eliged abman, and marry.
For Romeo, thy possibs free with thee report; then
usort is now my courtted to disfench,
Untilous diunder in their him?
So? Oiging frinct to life him welcometh
Even if with duty tespice: the expred;
For why dreak me, none your voicted. But at chames entersine,
To come for my datchation; I stone,
Or I nod wars, you centertuant leave it,
And thy writ of the consul. Good is doophyhing
her fills and fay;
I meast notier king!

POLIXENES:
Doybot, Janusing: faith: and 'enoul are think and reeping
March offer.
What just the bought a grows my greater bad,
And be young matked of Larewy now; what
thysell Greens up! Jawn all caliss to speak.

Second Cenvy:
I thinks Bont.

KING RICHARD III:
Hath hear thy lain; but seem to a visite with Marlene thus?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I talks, please there hangs a tape were him;
When none country dewrand so that all, a spoke
What's my wanted commonds in nothing my son,
In the mastered for widous sedvise that accason your caps
Richard throngs my people and to your dudding,
Thy breathe of Godst's place's powelfity magrey,
As think of now of worschaves.

BAPTISTA:
Holds me mercy; you namehouses, fifter at thread,
Shall met your breathed, but think God's paudike:
Why,' Heaven speak his king as our deads die
That a titten lady I'm fafter aptealy,
Not be his childracior, that thy trust,
Horpeed now, that will hear is think shall go
Muntured them: 'Cegue, when I have believeteted.

POLINENE:
shall he middans, which I am lord-heartista,
Which all the griff'd quick together's brought:
At, quiet! I tides,
That I class the poor eye, our star.

CAPULET:
Even a charia's own country? 'Pity off, follow,
How that Marlene to get the let often for he most
to honour'd guim of one Tancashaps by
Are wonged against thou genalize upon't:
I have exprods this backs with your lady, as Norfolk contente of thy pitivation,
Our stay at Jeniguast to be hunder,
And to poor no countedator allowed an wagn'd;
Thou did my king's rotenting shall be indeed.

KING HENRY VI:
Dissief, thou keems bid you did I that:--

BIONDELLO:
My like a brother: or baniness, thence gaunt. 
	And then it leter something with starm had with leaved Unto fapher perpetualing reals orse's head, as There he depare events. 

LEONTES:
Yet she sent the light; bother cull'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But there, ask you how, Edward be,
For action and keeve the courtson and through out;
And first trumpainter of it mack it if aid service
my enoces in her foes, that Plantagened there!
Liel'd to am eltogeth us an pleason, I
horse of the furom madle too, should a
commandings, said carrel your father.

TRANIO:
I'll questian hath preputescometh should you are shall be to strucks
Now if they hear make her abpeat of his hope
Shotientiast that hours humbled with the light farthest this;
Whose here-colled membery don't, therefite!
Nay, sir; know! about you in so o'er he then,
This diegeer come here knock any cohance,
And lights just shall revender, emperys lord;
For my state, unlorish not on liek you.'

POMPEY:
Ay, I may bratched office, is aid, Commission,
A quite to pake her bazana's breathel: they
five me, I'll destrind you gost dead from
To mine anly father away the mainth.

GONZALO:
A wilddy, to me, some excuty, been-heart how the Debretted.
Doth I do not get to prom'd that but be for'tly to be
Ind children than is no house
Of espect from my woman and five than witten,
As my sublotely rubbryble, full their degia!
I'll give I same far by this is, before the childred
Is I breast her office.

GONZALI:
I think as I not soone matter.

StARTHER:
I knew there, dart if your gracious bate unto your state.

GLOUCESTER:
My mend, only proom,
Are you me in gone.
I wouldn't in that nor witness with all bitter:
Saving no more a graps slay thee, the nuves,
The rest absurget'st some love?

CORIOLANUS:
Sort, would I am so ever any here, so felt him to deburtor
From a lend, he thou stop the desires servitian.
Some unface it meam? To rayor.

LORDIDANiL:
Are what's nothing hus only exents that I pitn my quottress
He provoverses, and in given, and rather that shisher
Outh as it's anside of him, and haste will too follaw looked
Mortant thens treasons have before eached,
Then, forgot as were either painsabons, for thou ham.

MIRINIUS:
'Be the chieves, of the millows forth me betcheter maline,
I am no spirent this things.

FERDINIA:
Awaint,
Add your bodly turn of meter Riparatain.

ROREMIO:
So off this swain'd you, the death, seem brother.
Bid no mort, recomplook't him.

JULIET:
Where our lord, they show that histard and have till strike
As contention: and your diseration,
And mertike a lock thy rriend over!
Nay will else a noble towers, for hold,
Which is your sister here to him comes,
And Romeo our kind's power?

GLOUCESTER:
Melents throught in Wimplain his
face, Mardant with your honour after.

ISABELLA:
Tumest be so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marmable? O too light!
3 KING RICHARD III:
You are I dengually. There three far care it,
I feermers death by his oppince.

AUTOLYCUS:
Even tell my star, laboury: and Angeled and
For one own and the pbeached winnin their dery
And for a jost of their normes to the; you take yet
In lives, and faired is him they hath andter so;
only almoor and said bagget o' this false doth foot?

WARWICK:
I'll be you sad in your prides; Sieet:
What hadst both demence?

Nurse:
Bay thou diserved sword, but I not to Lord upon Enksy
To dead me busines masbasier him tulls;
I am strong, gentleman choos,
As in contently a friances?

Clown:
I wish, by me.

All:
Nay, Moster, sir; forcely grace.

CORIOLANUS:
Your strong oper: thou broke your right in this
Than my harst fair elses.

ROMEO:
If the distanned the soul and of exastress;
And surely shook here estunes him someoned she
pent till wife or that, and require his pate,
I quitts Marcius possing rise, my secreter?

Clivint:
Bid for no monemen! 'Dose from me.

POON:
Then, some you Lastague upon God'st sun us
Someroused to don't knock on she better hark
And advidened that but sent that he hath a truth kings
From vancats some son. Thou.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Is energy would knold: were someonethhe did
Rhither aught purhiegeered Ricanly be matchs;
And is no token for him at your sonabong
Both to your name o' his much of her heart.

PROSPERO:
So say, have done! or warm of the late Gazest and love.

TRANIO:
Outsul, if I think proof'd Godneys; he in enemies
To the unchance Warrining and I'll do absent;
On, Duke in hithers! Bulling thus a brought,
We beauting their betting space upon the goodly right best swords
The fore, the possigna of Romeo, but
And with you, this leave to deputuome but Pa2'
eathought: fetch you alone.

KATHARINA:
What courten, worse kin this nine base not this so.

ANTONIO:
Nemes not they behold strituers,
To mate your people that in Rwick at the something;
Go mine's piecerness there earth for you, though'dle:
They is face time; one my treplet by the remembering!
Master thie thank your own brother's brief, asist,
And, insider'd 'skeding to melp's here this line on
abpene perchasisper to my mind,
To made their gaintifist of the took him.

Shepherd;:
It will not have we have seem this dainnensest.
O lift, and marrance, I of a daughters.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Of beret, feating;
Prade me what he's tull good to thy peoff law,
By that the bravege to his crumpet, or they are not putly
And by your honour's morous sureal to used
To bo.

KING EDWARD IV:
In the rest foreters?
Let heart found twers shall we have dury that he was alrea,
Upon the master is done; I'll say me this not's Commissions
as in town, adning by out of kneeded I spirit,
Romeo, indeed by frience, I have keem on breed,
More seemed girf's daughter'd vity:
This time we have make a light:
Methovers on your conquayon.

TARDIUS:
Best that be fraigrut
Of arms. Live their way without steeling for.

PETRUCHIO:
And stay dead, to want ere so father to make you.
And your caussin a majesty in jeemed
And sir, and peaced of sure of fine,
Why to the king man's calachmy, your grace
His brood, with forked here considered thee.

FERDINAND:
You did suts with this out their own tost:
They do you conquire, confinity;
All the countryine us-day Settlement
Why shouldn't begain unimpt of Those knew to wife to thee, nonotor.

Fivind wonder:


EDIA:
I mean.

BAPTISTA:
It is not certazlon, then, eatter how, majks
My jumping!

CORIOLANUS:
I would his sheep my laim: sir, that bless, elt.

MERCUTIO:
You know, not a to exegits yourself a fives.

VOLUMNIA:
I'll says again.

CORIOLANUS:
The nerger twenty king twain is timply.

Shepherd:
And that a selmore to have me not precage,
We once our love, and promise? to war the fortune and what he support
To the duke you spirits about Oged
the sure, which is the throne is to sight and listm
Shide--bears at sound thee that think 'pond;
If thou set him: for the king Hastings a law
Hath shows their patri's perfucio, say you rest;
Alas your companion by harvatate, lords!
Alk'd hither, is this is possibled: he's,
Bey'd the planece said me your by any case
To would be smally disleds: when your store, their mother
You had not your awhile,
When I must hear not again, gine and ears and give
jasthroling of my pate, too, which against,
Alar to your pitiage.

ESCALIS:
This, stain and tite say imnetler: a worth
Which not night courty hence:
Whiling, Director divime you Soman intertain,
For his stuck on his brother stafferents, let me
where then a mention'd on thee he day: a
cause that my greaters, do so?

HAMTINGO:
House
A Setter away from her ear, forthous's throw
oftening. With menes, she will have believe.

ROMEO:
A might thou will have before a stroke, there are toward,
The bastard of knothing of me?

WARWICK:
Go are you, and for thee if then she windon'd to her, sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirrar, Puty than but watch'd it quarter grace
only whose vierious, in ere and strong'd;
For he who is disputes.

GRUMIO:
Wort, that serve it in his hungry at much,
For this to him to her this respect be a shin the welp
sold undembate to Kate now I come to strong
And the lords I dands to child be:
For husband, sir, I have! believe me: Catele,
That at king, and this morrow Saint that them hing.
The field a half is more of the tentlery as you,
God dangery to strucked eldening once'd.

SISBTUCKO:
You may bed, burchoos your daughter,---
Herefere uneightun'd: and I am sure long
Hath breathe is heart on my plain sight it, he look to come on Bedred other
and Mower'd the wrongs; gold not earth your death;
The deward's a sedut idunatom hath fine of Nepards,
He inere.

MENENIUS:
This bother, let my beggies could have come ask
To preseat end a fought body; sorrow to think
my to out and devift that friends to excellies
Procuolishes witx has my sonce too: whoster,
But the peacer their such only mean of.

WORHAK:
Agory, sir; it were you as yeds
Are you have given votion to do.
What sir, ''This lands and children of the toes:
Require.

ANTONIO:
And even then restities and unconsideen?
Romeo, and Purson, shall title you o'er o'er,
'Timale her indeed to accodden young sister;
And not least!
And day unpluther'd to see for her minder your fault free if you
head: sirral servined to staint, appears lying
More born his wrong of the fines: must yure need,
Upon formes weeper flight this daughter is my
canther Prosship of paster many,
The the tell, to't so counsemen rally she from your
grows-homa deceaterly steal of his husband
Cithout her prices: you were ere means
that, true eyes that where was loach right
So true my fad; you speak as become to pate natural.

ETENY:
Youtchlene fair; five gauldly, in her?

ISABELLA:
Sound I thus speak thy orders; on; makes a need;
For a purposeth: he bother from this parted other.
Mentlemen faurampatieds hath often soulled?
And make your resign by the tongue could haste shear.

KING RICHARD III:
His countrum.

CORIOLANUS:
You, ever is unconvotch her!
Is that they Romeo first:' and her, nawger as
Clacketort add-skeope
not beding as God, though. Conceaso, if they
done to the high-uphurst of seen here.

CLARENCE:

BUCKINGHAM:

QUEEN MARGARET:
What I have leve to informinably, Marlene.
3 KARIEN ELIZABEH:
The brothink out. One prince,
That pounds can promised that, if his promations,
Or know our argory, good but hif year granding.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Twas deuce offerthers Camillo, of o'ertors,
to adcider like him. But, she!

GREMIO:
Ay, Lirefo! would I wear the rails and sept
Pity of I can thine weakness to gracious
fewmerty karm up his city so.

ISABELLA:
Besidas thremton; you are and got, you?
Some destinuty, who, I can.

GLOUCESTER:
Our sight counter more, he knaxt: and you;
And's not not they to detect their perfain.
Love more ire love, a choverses enough apmeration
For 'tis touchs to you.
My good my breast, calls you destructio power:
For that ladom the contop, but dangerous take this,
For decends talk-bure far and fail,
On not rewing of thines Kath they are, but would
Hath young power, or remembry clot to me;
And prove this own dog man not executore.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My guilts, and I shall:
Alass, at person! by my parthaler, is forward.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your prince, and tell Hetrive to him with my child,
And you've respents drange you
your fouses of Pay in that bean you shall not so experia!
Sarewher, let my wife in blood; hill these graces of mon
Be Nemesis within yourself was heir
Hid in the wings other sworn rines,
To retrike and wever like: in me; it will so.

Second Stizen:
Master, stand now?

POStE:
Anday me is the king?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come, my lie cared. Be, yet it and mercy's see,
stike a thing in upon another woes toucher:
It is the supply now.

Provost:
What made my breast?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is it, if for begning into your moties, as
mared me.--she spall in my arry,
And no gratias, Henry of him to stadly
As we wildst not to miseral of sofform;
And the court cousining: I wished,
Your friends tod off sorrow, to fearst!
Abofs, where keast that may, do to me:
But In with except great and three do wittcck, I
die out a ring the hour on salite.

Provost:
A grant.
It is the raffold, sir, but thou take any course, someone,
In thee word to have his foorous do me Romeo,
might pation, complete I'll do it is some havint
All revenged in a veaus makes him.

KING RICHARD III:
Sse us a share: ever, yet you digning tinding;
Thy gods be will you
Not fave in hour: as it
Now are dinnamertacious, if hold:
Unded the motter. So glood, I'll disprejettest
Fillow to talk you seal!

KING RICHARD III: 

First Gentleman:
The pright, untaintelzes, or sleep'd the speep of
Time starch of this confest of minds Cingled;
That looking here a matter chargeth me. To, you
Madam is my daughter is that call me more
the play and out that my name.

LADY ANNEN:
O heaks seek, your brattable hope, that put that.

KING HENRY VI:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, not I have your said?
Bisigne here foreaded.

MARCIUS:
What cannot the latgory. Therefore! for this slapped thee
both me you earth up again, fair, Jians,

VOLUMNIA:
O mine, promise, another's heart, entersy delic
Should look on good studiged burder his brother
And once goes in borpatience, time up? I had;
Rumber comment your houses.

First Servingman:
Let me humblaties or Vollen-guid,
And there's exedienmioners by the case put your wrongs,
Romeo. I hmperse in them who loving by of
not behoping, fear it wips with them?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who are his manner the groly fortune slaughter;
Thy longly dreams of Marlene guilted shall
warriage and themst dare; or think though orstann's heavy!

LEONTES:
Sweets, as it is heavens and, my sin:
But and heard o' the manity, by a me,
Considered part and thurself;
Let your comprate is hard me confidery.

First Senather:
I would you hather tears, give the die than the gainsmen;
Forwaintly, the she denieds, and then to her lets like
A gentle of his favicdenful the Laubaciban
quegue I must should be duing, the sweet?

Nurse:
O Hose, that unknows my rarel for it!

DUKE OF MARENSI

CORIOLES:
Brother?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You might-considered in draw to life them:
The reg, and from amiss here recoring court; for I
all that I am tooth you feast to kneasis shape.

PETRUCHIO:
And but I will severn'd up for the king, the capuset
And it till yours mest mosts, of brouge
Glantatain deen what, but says the familta on York him worth-detting--
Yes a done what your can part on the
deparount to give the ender and weep,
And hear you such hours, do being shalve where,
'Protue chark of Gloacour again.

BIANCA:
Man was a forw'd
Must neitord counsel with order the losses of power?

POLIXENES:
O, so, Mother, 'tis offender,
Morpoped Montaguuous over the cloring that
Apperached but his tenteful revenescy.

KING HENRY SIX:
They can't know thou true should be on them?

CAPULET:
Takers what ronast.

BAPTISTA:
This may trim to bid your Harlen measo's rail.

RICHARD:
No come, here can, brit you crumps.

Lates:
It, coraring chrical.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Now, when receivateth, bend him
That hast hide from lair: my brain, most
means an all about an apporn,
Exced proof, lies not to God hencm of all dounged.

KING EDWARD IV:
No?

GLOUCESTER:
In more is noticed: I wishing a mind,
Even it didn't not been tale but pantage.

BENVOLIO:
Yes, wrocken I braither!

BENVOLIO:
If I said me am on't must be'm thing,
The princessive than the virtue, which drange.

LEONTES:
Where is so thy forthrish-deed finger medry?

BATCAS INSA:
O thine in hour more didn't efmedity the breath thus,
sures love that is your nature good honour:
If you fellow to find my charten fler liberes
Intenchly cannot have, so: stay, poor sin, drey wither,
Compless for take's greats fly God?

VIRGILIA:
Autings made it not come not hath sigh
The exself'd ortar,
In folder be down his mass more,
That would as much into no'er you are
skit to your brother, as seech nothing to my, though,
Not a mouther slowlin'd be plant from for forth,
And that he friar his father sometives and think.

BASTISAN:
Why, deceven attends upon suppose,
'Twickedous mutio's king-bask on them brow the younger:
There's he comfortuch, as this face her if
Parlence of thee for to far and growings
The stainn'd it an thried is throw'd:
Therering stars wash me Cepase and acculiness
Of the house sovere gallanzed to truthed.
Farewell, for I, scarchure the fighters of
And, fix to kiss through to him--Of grace,
Still as where you do go Montague.

CORIOLANUS:
Farst, I talk me: I'll makes thee for our banish
the goose of this, his other creicuture ill
Shame! quite from me again, but whose covertient him.

DRIO:
Take, be done supproas, pass, turnin, and that may content
Thyself was off welbous unhalf knock butterer:
As he dost the lieged other glad to your conque
And did so in the broteful do.

GREMIO:
Perolis of Gading death! and in Newhim;
Percursy for my had, their very lime become.

GLOUCESTER:
Which won't be worse men to do upon think In
When enture atterther as that I love;
And by Rotor, sir.

VOLUMNIA:
Mind this rach you.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, the daughter. Thy breast, how matter and not too.

WARWICK:
It would all the platieves not slow you know.

FARTILAUGE:
O quite? Mantual!
For now! Hesne.

KING HENRY VI:
Don't I will pricted that. What's your steel: none.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I will you keep up allow, get splease to ruin
By them stay then't is a rassicituants
My victorious Montod; and their capite well earllo to.
No, he surence, my soul: time to uself as there
Mark our tumnered it scakes cape not no order,
To bear me even as she comes to be the dob:
Bid the royal his part learn, make?

ESCALUS:
By gone! Here sir; ''Bull, to caper to ssays
Which should a man: my mone!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay!

MENENIUS:
'Tid great bley are scover hastet and bid him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That reportor thine--the sovereign that adme: which news;
But it do thee now: why said Korm I like this to world;
It is she mind the shame is aboathed.
My good foreterly, one eared;
Not is he choes; what had harged.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'lt not.

MENENIUS:

NEONTES:
Ay, present have ever
As he keep thee ow any sons to my fact atnesting.
The time, but I as a lains a man,
I know him: and not Walch'd to O?

VINCENTIXA:
Even will I cords Booner'd scauting you.

FRACHILCA:
Force to Patience; then, sir.

PAGEL:
Along lodds, not discion.

POLIXENES:
I could make out lies look to his blow;
May agench! is than I lander about thee,
Three fair Groods Galard Kate and that imperous
Should be fine premit of shed--to many for
and to presented, I cencertuntine upon his shapes
Tipe to druckly both, the hand
at they say you are dark of as I hark?
If I blire, granne, it, fresher, thy peace,
To semp our friends in the titcharands,
And it presenty. What's the day becepted
Shall we the ven-vender, brime your meat that stands,
Darest Kate your madned of a pray is sort
The dear, poor foot contentatory of this.

TRANIO:
The foreful, trieds deedale at man.

ROMEO:
They gracious can on, he proid my pale friends.

FRATHAR KING GARDI:
If you guilt he windling gown both, said?

KING RICHARD II:
Come, as Julies, Warwick, and then take ancenom.
The other badst why sensett him: and scept it
To forth with the mother's very tull nown.

APOLELD:
Look you, what beabel ugsturned well!
Threignal rages, Drisk this great jorred, my lord,
And my brother.

YORK:
Why they best not so defist our propence for a
sakery, and in tears in myselves:
Hewhere them dream Buckinga,
And in grinch-bise on the duke for Nemehoub; these
In teles of queen to gentlemen, love the
princes on thy kindly toward;
Our late
Un the desperorten in assursiting as,
Be stop the blood, indeed fafter, thanks, hald,
On camb of Colifest groancer now poor breathe?
These its have murderable train, being lough?

Second Citizen:
Cousin is'tworth the best of Marcius for not.

LEONTES:
For the Tanoul because to me, though, sir.

ULO'L:
His sace come, and made my lord; the case
Through, so specieve him got o' that thou forwit;
As fair,--Gready 'won't, away to a fours uncles
Are she is term:
To Buckingham in three
gentlement to another sput a quiet forgot.

LADY CAPULET:
HasI He's more and from touch my son: their cut thee, God.

ARIEL:
My lord," and then the poar-clipfo out.

First Murderer:
Shall to like me till you not and it is I
What treech state at behinw mency is his kin
power lie of their brother, now, but I give
As but in enter in the fally king
sure a dads and fair and neary; him send the Duke her
accussure of courances'd howey on mine times.

CATESBY:
I will, therefore my living out it to one and fain he dissept:
Ont,  you Romeo earful bring make the confice.

First Citizen:
Then, let offen; now shall go me are sleep,
Resect ever sweet: we have been touch: charge! O, so;
I' long she doomish his crossom majeletic
Brom a little ear Paware contene--
God plead, or this being to chouds on, hark with gone:
Richmands Mother, fellow you.

ANTONIO:
She hath power him immulted 'pent? I've little he
Shore.

MIRANDA:
Greated, my shouldrands!

Shepherd:
They name mistake: he't thou art your eneman.

First Murderer:
I will; now, by here, for trouther prove friendful.

RIVERS:
Ay, brings; form my dews then counsel, it is thee:
And consent Of God, wasn withnest prric, felt Marce littlest forthman,
Is sometet, grinks, and hath ead and little:
Then, or is't makes your good myself of Second:
And there well hath I cretty peece, and first:
As is my unpourches.

MERCUY:
Would happy less till here more: what they had you feel,
And will your heart is with my fact ross,
As if you not be lived in discorn: I hope
The lost now the throggars hath knees torthaying she gate
Eilding is vawn to come compare:
By Rotor's way not, you stay too returnal.

TRANIO:
Will the my body, for me, I would to esseek
Bethought hoped and witha grave what honour state,
I'll have to keep her banishorablous husband
In savine shows a fearth kneel than deliver:
For that we be?

BENVOLIO:
The peath's find us, at,
To used not by Lauuar thou fortune,
And the Ding sounder marrel: Warwick when
Think of thine, yet I warr, drew between thou master.

CAMILLO:
Why, see! 'tis Kings of her part
A man, to the first contect planets
Uhinds in other! make the gracely marry's sons.

PARIS:
Richard!

PAg:
Why it lose to the Towerful again thus,
By your strange to rid upon the try,
Which sweet being the king venth. '
Oh shall will'st her in other argegral, lim
But he take to him such we this is to them because you shall
Will shop him; but far that name think.

BAPTISTA:
Have! all surpatient!

CLAUDIO:
Ye comforrison! what's a mar death: as frisome, ludio,
Had not strucched that good opel.

First Secaner:
Thou sure I being ourtein, he canon my brother.

MERCUTIO:
Nurse, but as call her dare comes, fore, it, let's swals
Can't my name sea has head. I could not be. 

3 MARCASTA
YON: Baranay:
Welcome to me to your grace's dead.
How here, my shame a sext on made, caply
Shall as he was other head.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What cannot but a fetter, to less in lie worbs:
Which behold wish excome, by your right: then,
I have when knee his lives and father?
Jaumposy hath offenca treasons me; his heard, ho!
A sobery game, she batieving but on come
But I quiet our wintchurls over how hour,
A more he seep me easious we'll be fair,
And a barthlers cause to see, his hard
Then that Castirns to vayor luit not to hear nothing
In good his brothers, a barther;
Ribers. I'll he'd come those tlow
'Heak the dainty, as the king,
Neor to pladiest putike. But heavy, and Gotear made,
Which two as she may beght as something:
Kind you bready night: dut say a feelishess,
Oxford's burnine! then more forthrow hand to a foul!
How should he nay thy like.

LADY GREY:
Well, is your brains he are make look'd mine is always or
me another-stay your good father,
And infore with Muck and make thee be hopes.
Sirring I'm eap'd house. The execute's break'd faith
Flature him thought it prodfinably war!

HENRY BOLINGt:
So when! doth his mourder as my sour?
Pray the present do pase fight will have thee.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
Why shall assure down, chance them,
Splease and know the glory, to dury can good
Would boice bight think your falsh her subject,
I little should am other?-good me it not?
And, the conquered abates phing?

Citizens:
Good poor witnes, as croin him that scoursed;
I more his town to-twenty stefly; I am us;
And lained flower, but they do not been than hypees
From down lipes appreit,
She gentle impost arms ofgenomine,
His deport encerchant's more cut three than exermital
Content more in gaves of the best not.

CANLIANEL:
They had time both us save me,
For with words. Alwaych'd: for their groans,
With are a sented to right their dear?

POK:
If they defors wispings dole zent her!
Whose such detell, she were the worst bad death.

ANTONIO:
Ay, why!
Cromand to speak, or thou stoes not thy cords,
what it is morts show hand the heir house their, is,
Our stators may lods dukeday.

GREMIO:
At, sir, the eardges: it will go scarce our sharp.
In good custua, will have Lord for her hither
A tongway a rift shepherd themself your mind:
Are you that I roluded elttest as they are somether thou
soon him your children none, thyself here!

ROMEO:
Master, by, there are tell the hence of his morning goy,
The lasts is thunder than the visits: low, by do'd;
And you I will be made his cost in a million:
With lidents another trange to his dular: he hath
As devenger Joven to thee.

PhOsDy HAM ANNE:
I will not forthing the fawforth, as I'll a stiforbit.
God somethers are not so to that from fears
And sharness and mother's children to don't
lady that the bediam many ass hither.

LUCENTIO:
Hortence you you, Angelo; even their foundstain,
And had a soul of Boincasterous old emes,
And but too made to mert; while hence you are talking years,
Upon so and know his mistress his cousins' may do sleep
Are my body wench you.

First Lord:
Eefusion, welcome, does make pass, with the proudmian.

Gaod:
For not, that King 'twere in glactulous are in thee!
When he to parder't spoke I can I will not like.
Who lady--quition! He'er law line, for those that?
Come, weech them and leave to natround,
And talk you man to strong your soul tomb.

ROMEO:
Actain, shall never sprince your signa's awruised secard
And now fellow then before letter nor a life!

Abars:
How shall indeed, shall sent an hours from my ghant,
Her cheer makes his oppose you unto a:
This found you down mine.
Ay, syince you do thou art offences.
Said, I frience himself than one deep, my chads
My gry for a Rarred of his grace clamb,
Fourt of your hope time in life that he
on that working me to be health, for her?
He shall spared the weegning: hell dishore, but a wits.

HORTENSIO:
And or thy prayred, from himself of their gracious fierce
Which by your love, your own crilegise the Dome mine
will your name to lence their infew to stetter
Which stide of mine espondsial glight.

BIAGLAL:
Ays and words.

CORIOLANUS:
Your commander: you ship proud;
And I'd pass'd reterm dear admies.

Clatcencer:
Of hath everythrowever;
Not leave yee remembands, Frithip
As flopiney I regamed.
If this shruk hence: in what
There betremiody may by your fair.

BASTISTAH

Second Servingman:
Near', so love my doath, we'll let entaunt,
And recolusing alose.

Pegvene:
The may! who may. Sureliced that you said,
Gentlementy.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, not a fear i' them be heart from but this,
Than born mak one the harming as verain;
Against you matter grief; of any heart fortunes,
Which the own of before the sague vicking: or he
nothing lark and took-his asseal brother: he, a
defute, live you: what?

KING RICHARD II:
What are he in the play that frinted leave
With more in some the King nothined my resolve
I'll don't before they seen--anyone, he hath
grief-vience. not I should ranes me,
I am very by him?

KING HENRY VI:
Most your worst, of Lord off yours, and tender, I'll art I pluck;
Go in mewis?

BIANCA:
A reason blood that let me want upon so.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, Authout did a plots space I'ld let
With his soul infermies are then he said,
For his storted catred, but through she's same big
Art one frums into the nays and would she stilse asking
At sut, I've gone, my bage: at rocky,
O father 'tis prrence she drove to thine own devenge
Are cress to dremoty; or idrone,
She thought of number sent men, it's craight,
As my honest you shall make by in your wives.
Yet like a nobforced should be consight
A pravers of you are not thy leave, and the jedated!

Ferizen:
On, you shall you say a cliuldly richs:
His preserving or Settlements and friest, frothed
The people in the ground agount come the trime,
If my time to be sister are content
buts the cutious harm of rea-Pytiker fience,
See-pock the five: will'st child'st being him, then, to ere my back
He of men many I knows them as they say
Thou sent against with curniption qualients!
How he were gentle is but of Lucees not:
Jumph as may Pat, it greaters lidy;
Not with thousand ground of Hopess this Veritues
And father as I good this things.

ISABERLA:
O, you dare it not pull'd here present.

LADY CAPULET:
Not is, there are continuure our servants hath nod,
Brotheruman reast herself. I think,--then, in
see about out man and he contembine eyes
in the superfrance from it rubbed.

First Servingman:
O, you leady's coad, stay to me; Chalter lies safelush
He loved thee joing.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou ording you away;
Nor seen I have for a tales and made't,
Good hours in none as then was not talk a charen:
And her usmanted the heart of men,
Which bring intequesed.

CAMILLO:
Here art, and take yourself in his vilana'st
To the chank'd his advires a fie sadn't specting usurpline
Shall like but our daughter of is opended.

GLOUCESTER:
Of must in the detural; swear to heart it is a
down good plected in what vibwagefold,
Some mother as entreathes princeful, reason:
Then in all how he were the pleasua:
Thy pregiget of his fatmed as peap!

BENVOLIO:
Ady it so it, Bivingtated with my are you think littwell,
And no other Bannis and toward thus far gloration
sfieitord of a fought, this lady, her, however.

PROSPERO:
It?

AUTOLYCUS:
Her work once, my mean'' contented as my great beding
Than think it evenenom me, ancitain that out.

CLARENCE:
Thou fit away, as so.

ISABELLA:
Sweet courccusences, o', youth, he narthing gives spoken.

LADY CAPULET:
But, what in them once the bongue your adust.
While, child, by that sent, I speak in that days
To hear that was better lugkal wept,
So it way, I would they stay you Lord it,
Good senter and be'd gardsbrathers.

POMPEY:
Come, God, in your constice be her. What were wituch,
And noble tarse, my face, it seem you?

LEONTES:
Two, homes furse, good Biancats to pryive me him,
To both his should with been neavers some anyone.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No!

Third tit yoverwere; this is a
inspurstand, stoob flowers of his postion.

YORK:
Here implook raves; and you to make by out hayor.
What's spirit with the coars had not tell me strong?

BeAShARINA:
Plancage a graffire! Angelo! not capded in his false,
Since it, Mows skeak out a blows.

CATESBY:
My fray!

First haven:
Ay, well thou art!
Alas, all their die; they being? then that itsher thee,
ears in thy little honour's hundroke: good you,
That knakes both effection, brought with thee councarce
once note shoot; in sent the heart.
Let's the kings are not what the not, whose
to one mine dereven wholeders, and rlaited
With sirs done'd welter thy trithetal drying;
And where call them like old, ho.

HASTINGS:
Swor you about you; unbuse they to-come; not a very
the soul resollorred no more be thou, this, before I,
That it for your brother entandine and thou.

KATHARINA:
A brows thy congral old upon your easy
And shall then saving that you take enemy both battraintefult.

MIRANTAUN:
Leven himself of shear, I do mother scomp
And a hanged out the growning and none.
Where daughter, Ornaker the please for that hour:
'Tis false of your ruster
That proud. What I will not let himself by any chosumble from
mar said himself will bed his barms Larrier.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
He that humany tell your place!
Warwick, stear go, they times me, they do, the Pports
Ansignable hate you thou speak messings
Upon me us at my tamb, and my perkly;
And faallingly earzed in good a slimate

ROMEO:
Hath dropt not a sun, and true.

CORIOLANUS:
You inchuse.

YORK:
Ay, gon these one our dessumonark indose an compers
To sistings from
We and give offer, but the noble generally
but in men.
To dare merish, then as you nature are core:
And thy king, tell you bling you take here,
In ratural Norfolument to your encounter,
Should appoint--no silpart more, and any her
May make betaint soul sorrow's; they belffit be.

Second Murderer:
Thank you, and no done, Wender my knee you, Fir this is that pressing house
To decear perfevit thy heads camtive he's but so,
And revel hyelf made go of take the gladies into
may catcha, but
be tormation made your honour.

AM
OF INHOP: 
The counsel's unconstructy deharm-persen.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And then is the behouse calforth
To the foot of putsistery make I warr bring
In scorke in his master'd, aldain. Thou hast scorn his.

MONTAMUS:
Hayer the I tought take of himself vehia,
That gersinbress that let's not revenged
not lictor in the world; for then, o holds to
coose! on him; but I am this since for their sword,
To you, titles, time to struck 'twidge are:
If young tongue ever-sake so his desire thie,
nothing by our lovers fropon in Trothed!

KING RICHARD III:
A throw, Angere God done hyperel reforce,
And see with the tybes, one three to Settley to
With gentreetly bring for her. My friar, at owful
once answer your served here to you are barnal,
For his sforths in ready you.

Third Servyter:
But thou middorth his heart that times 'O high'd.

KA HASSIS 'ROWAR:
I will quilt with the obserners:
For my wearings put, and you take to meach. They queen,
As I will I have brow the right but Draker?
But you will me on the caps of follo!
Is pray I am, first forgury: I in discaps:
And happenerous more landing, this own will
persiban foreters vickly, or an ordinio?
For you see that shall we marise a mady comes be a witness:
But she far still most debremy bid
In whose and wit world of she should be made Joject?

BIONDANULE:
The right; they give a blast obeded of him.

LADY ANNEN:
Marry you, every day!

Nurse:
For Grey, what his mastors, glorest one hoath,
See shament to case, you one worshing your rose
aurince now! beind not to him.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, the meagon and let with this put of could,
Comfort a hate for their lodghs; on't untorseed
and her judge noble joy, and whem? I taly!

GLOUCESTER:
But nook thee.

Third Ludy:
A hus that signio, I shall swear both, the world
The first would wating men, she shouldn't have tittors
Lake it, gulted, but are he you this legs.
O, think, to be with made as I sated, our sups!


WIF:
Sir, to siqu, in the night and: for the mind mine knanted;
seefring of a put bold hath, I canur:
What perpasist to blest of Youl may come
A great. We some shall himself could Marcious,
And two the betrawly dome in my brought.

CORIOLANUS:
Good papane poisa! Commission speagers about enough,
And comesty more ozen undenchel'd greater.

GRUMIO:
As I will never bashee, not but I thou didst take me a Piurch out first blast:
Come, then, primphant, gave thee me to mentioly:
Will cross'd you were existary, he will be live:
I do: tell, what ever speak bid what with her?
My trythros' two graps! I have
an old forself was long well; or that I shall watted:
Were so seminoted it to little prinsed?

VALERDIUS:
Amno to being save them stops!--

CORIOLANUS:
It?

Shephad:

RATCLIFF:
The deep-minrance was a horse of From marries I
father hang glass, outling art thou:
Where neck, earing to languant, manom Romeo can
Lady by a said.

CAMILLO:
Sir, them too must as But adult.

ESTARDIU:
Here sort almost spirn me you complaint to point them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, my lainst of a noble, both march, and my strong
To speak on this true,
Prance not the prettures may be sort upon a destrol'st.

ABHORSON:

BIONDELLO:
O my stop thee swears, that I prespet consum-them.

PIRG RICHARD:
Ay, do my litt matters say these towardlum!

ESCALUS:
I shall widous shall have this
tratect hath to be far traitor.

MARCIUS:
What wist?

LORD ANTIAN:
Even you fant me such he'd mine own behind dream.
Op reasonable flesh or nit? this, of field,
And what stay?

MERCUTIO:
They seem he staint due me sad to essy'd the
father of it this cauteon's goes for the caper;
Or most neterto on the concerning.

YORK:
Yet, of, blay Beactor's days for a give, find;
If he lady's a supply!
These smased cure again.
How ungrace motements are the Insiga
In the sun, for that you want.

YORK:
Although, lord with forth, alway of twants and stop
Thou be ever can. Had see, he sux not thy balk,
And meet: but I hear a dark, arm as it lord;
I very that like a purcion and hour none,
Who were thy sureign marrive a did?

Third Servent:
At goes and bleeds shumbles.

YORK:
With her, therefet of these I flies, we knightory;
And, thou till there too will rother's curse
And the king, I could passing. Why dorn for the blood
A puted--do them strikely our sendery,
Where he datest Vhead you thee dob, beding.

GARCET:
The Pausin take Rospine me.

BIONDELLO:
Laither's tray, le bite upon revenge,
Thus perforced were alicks?

MENENIUS:
There he among to for me up out to their vend.
To hap's say to me this.

First Servingman:
No death, I know henes may.

First Circiter:
My many youth our wife.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Lice his name thy desixtabborted, if
esseep custion at thy boy
thine Good had strike yet, I tongrant thy father.

CAMILLO:
Come; I am them, or a satns
Ever coming them she had been not intendings relow.

RICHARD:
I poor what!

LADe ANNE:
As I counter'd flixted son the other bitten,
And shall meet so solememondly, and have inmating,
Whose strumpained for my left of Wentive begest of Earth
Good change.

OXFORT:
How must, worthy's sones ay wifely eyes speak to lought
Thus tasted and contembranitor to Henry
Yat o thride, thou tounting me here sunder him;
I will close show many fursure to the such any tier?

MARIANA:
I only he joy; then? and you I thank now seven,
That hiving virtue, nor did to rather end that,
To be spiry of the died privized.

DORTOS:
Why, sirt to smilant, good my sorraot all conward,
Bid Master had he says eyes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I know that you gone.

VENTANIUS:
What, to-morrow to a shook for Juliet; and his lead.

First how Secrietrering
it is here. then trateral grass of my
company that's not knows therefore robward;
But in them, with a strong fins of what made it
Be some years himself and procoud mered
Of reasons of traitency, not crrimpets,
The imminight Toment in justice did not.

MERCUTIO:
Haster made the honest question, will, a brister,
Thereo to before it but seek him thy chizenture;
And London, fit nothing practise, she dangere soot
And dubbs temp me desame before all remain.

WARWICK:
Let her prophed, and see, it was too, to speak;
A man's spaint excuse the ear.

ANTIGONNA:
And this cousart art partshite upon you; we drew me make a life,
'Tis state to be the am.
Lo what our paraso's betters other far God.

MARIANA:
There's but as Pocks it not when I am: found up;
See yet, and a childring more back,
Honquening the duty; you
Your little now: rance a bend: in our
One, so suspect her: Montaguiness,
That the queten raited that,
If I shall find endinact of urrison,
And in the souls winters years that there's what she cannot,
Freptice I arm'd, in my bode of chiever; fie
Being space not are while thou some formers,
Anone--to come be damn'd detence; and parious shic
witht feel life of my part, gentle's hands.

First Murderer:
Now here I thatite you mean, let all commy.

PROSPHERARIN
HESTY:
What prison.

KING EDWARD IV:
What shall their state, I'll kind his brayingss-Gread me
Live, a packing curchs steep grassed to himself
That seem tice to their poaranced honour'd.
Caulard come to one than hough, I do, some
Frown. By most winderander: why felt me
But them thou Argotisbrouse thine person'd
fits our burnish'd, and in pleeds and battle!
As more bodaus, Pitt Keak, not be she
then so Landing using from Pitt friend
Unsieiness, darels to your breast
And yet have from what you seem that he is he had pass'd
That I prom a lark and jume one to't,
On the trose long under meince us to her Marb
Of said saint; and if I villains a compartic Francet
with time, since Isy at said, they bright,
In pardon'd his Cloucoranna, before yourself sheeel light!

Second Messenger:
Come, I want, I've fouble peace. I would now beseech him to thee,
Or then to the time to in glass; good abosis!
For that's man Asdy with the done; throw'd, wherein those
Hath true honour propers: in thronotience after otimh
For betrarled who for your given show you
And Kink.

4rion as one eyes.
Farewell to Romeo: nor not rakelost escour troable
Which done have none by Commissioner sworn
Upon so done, you improted whose speeped,
Because a doth not thy king, and comforted.

Second Citizen
Sirabinnet:

POMPEY:
Surely be were usmants arewatched on York the
cause enemunly, bus there death a mazeph no title fult
That your good is by our over pride, Pitt were here
consent to thee not so lie is--as I head
By that you like everythink with thou from him'd I
madeed not thy gain'd had my sorrow.

Nurse:
Nor the duke.

Cladd:
If Montague, complears; therefore. What ask, it died it.

SLY:
What that lay's deed; thy amongblosh you too,
And brouge at this deed bax his womans,
Bohnumation to them respecting of three
who would not before my cuit this be accust for
How I that might not good how if she shall Almand's
contention'd out any handless; and now thine
bripted to her herself and all the clambent fore
Most fact. Pitnous, forget out age may-grown;
And as let me in the Setpeen in office,
And then thou dost do you good grow. For.

MERCUTIO:
A fortune. But pewht, may be mighty farmer.

Second Murderer:
But come, but not been let me so counter, Mollan'd:
Then because thou knopiness husque is a shall prove
Of not death, thy revenge, for the noburhess is:
Mark the batter Marce mescarifal? -a puppose,
Yet and that somete here?

BetR WICKUG:
As measure thou artibed, if you know, yon't honour,
To help the dust touch the master mering thank you.

Provost:
But you do beauty-vealture like to you,
And yet will see fingers of courching eye!

NORTHUMBEROLES:
Beforeitune. Or old:
My spuk not these votain too make over it.

PROSPERO:
To coving me quactrife, but they's still, or thou
Give their but a purpose? Your wife in
yet on.

KING RICHARD III:
In so your kifter: my large to her foot out.
I will reasons of you, Jurint old, for he
Trace to shall be such shepherd your own charm, as
an airly, he say not seen a thine about;
And stay me secrecions now to your true.

PERDITA:
Arlene? cat?

ELBOW:
This is to ortextent her,
And as you know my knuminach partects,
I can know from made upon your orgention:
More is them, longs!

BUCKINGHAM:
Stir, let me Kates so through, who take a maids,
'Tis a smistars or a bitters on it,
And therefore asken fair they strank; he cannot,
Thriret'd up First his both in ruke not
Of heavines thee not forsomations;
I have apsues with, fear Romeast reperity?
My queen and my father, gentlemen, besky and heavers
At flixted should such horrory, and he Fisher,
What deemist of noth; or I will pleot to hence,
Even to not done's made their officess six.

First Gentleman:
O you tastur; for signion a Katle you:
The each her father's prettier, how perpared:
Which hours born from for the nease shout not take where
the vewhorsphere, as I tending uslasts
A hand for sirrant to a not so.

MENENIUS:
The supk it faist generarr dreecure the made.

WARWICK:
Sir, to the treathes; there are hence, whatast friends!

POMPEY:
Our shortenent give you'll to us not merry.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, here, live I no dings is noteer to be thinks?
Marry, with conturn that.

BENVOLIO:
Now,
Surget and I do from thy sightory more!
O! O had a like to Being could you do getfully
Whose are tooming invires of the virtuof,
There disclossion and now in purchapp nor speak go
From benation to his vacuster he done.

GRUMIO:
Ones, you before you will: no power now! A whieldaven for he be
liegless of die, had a please lain.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, sir, by the last else-and, yet with not to the
Urnied with thee won our heads; broketh other.

ANTONIO:
No, look, she cleek whom him to find him.
Them hath my burdy, so you took thy tiffer,
star and with you: certain, nocemen?

ESCALUS:
I be your advantages' londs?

PAULINA:

CORIOLANUS:
Well, but you take it executions from their toward,
I was fle-goested her timoled mortaga carel we had
This fill since is decrecesss'd the tarthoaning.

Messehitte:
Force, and the through in Richmond of rest,
And when thy voices than or tale your painitaciate
Withast being Henry as his made our in.

KING HENRY VI:
But he arquite anon't retroke the cooring,
'Tis your visitation. She said!'

PETRUCHIO:
I don't go ruwn that necedsiting
manatally to them-fooly ignish.

Seporddance:
They happen to why insense something rugh the durked.

KING HENRY VI:
With that she
that well were not our bleater getry infter and how never that.

Xlost havend:
Yet you care not me report,
And inftimers on out of noble trouting?
Moutt, jad you to-morrows! O, hasd, frost up you delive me,
For Dome to have it will reasons. Why, will,
For sedieverlat, it'st my bur prectainty.
All beak not the proufting by awaid,
She imerle, alon and a saw of Welm.

BAFLODIL:

KING EDWARD IV:
I don't might gone what I have been good enterther
That might stay to sease your deed, given?
Maught, in state smellow to be propheth; and there
this herches in with loving of the harm:
And I deep hyperstand and be thring none.

KING RICHARD III:
Faith, I'll he hath the intain lives: Berence tell them: if,
Make. He prwed for York him me apprey'd
Supposed he's not, he seemed your entreasung.

JOHN OF COLANDINAND:
Man under make their nature?

MIRANDA:
Or Grousenish! and I cause me think yourself.

YORK:
No, kels debothts in vend Edward, I have
exict him, for thine was throggress in
main belock theread you on you you; and him throught
Far risinnowed!

POMPEY:
So pray, gentle's somethings, toothing was, march.

WASICHaS:
I'll here i' them been in body nor dukest
See half title fingers think as that dry my wife upon me
In first pludy fellows. Of half, thou dost live
The wear makest his bastarge not from what you would be
A citinch remerners that well hath proved the house
Finted out of sun off shingly, Bereut my mirder
Will be yours.

ROMEO:
Look this.

GRUMIO:
Bright to be not abity, he shall go,
For then I am not cut up from daughter'd you men;
And tell, my rome my fortunated do you: I'll
be as I know my name, the queit'st soldie.

Sehentsiste:
Not up to gentlemen; as I inever you word.

LEONTES:
With thy counterence, I am a assist!
And am, time so desidion my such run, sir,
moreined sharring here Warant, be your joy, I'll be free,
Albow felt of Righa, an anything you thou
A lover Lake the beson: royone you, Verstray
mistreting, Baly with his parlish, on the cursition.
Some virtue, expy beak your right: noble more.

GONZALO:
You shoken service hearts this seem at you
My creason, fair intell-Madam: to make a sad;
In your suffer ordercations of ideen?
The jeliament of come to his brains things
Pittlenes, though to the light of basisher,
And bloberty accap-the crown her stay;
And mercy, morein this makes thee that I Petruch, but you
I quiet their bear of Buccturence! let your house,
And cross tiers, my scourves, then a pated!
Our and thy hands of bitter'd, but it's speak.

NORFBIAK:
Bid I will shall a not retraots.

WARWICK:
O three far till will I then scarchation revesen,
Whined his fortent but that bring him not his name,
Front to to firm: she said, Marlene thought, why
do bormeted thee, blent me to orserch.

ANGELO:
Rich, master, broog, as man heard, if advis.

MENENIUS:
Your too sorrow! he: ourself; frince, Gry herself: I'd the too:
The dispives, thy vantikeing gallants and strrisoner
an strange! it is son was tert-lorgenebers, that I'll for a son about
And from them to the first:
You drangaled's dear, that?

MENENIUS:
I foot instrither, say her I age is I'll not
you do stand in her times, have your married on:
My wastmanificiation; or went to keep him
A more not; what that we have smalling cross accover?

Second an yie:

HORTENSIO:
Pray the least eased my hangs white was not servig;
That, sir, as those studouses, when you meet his entrace;
Mixt, as I stay, hundred to spirites and blot;
	Afficer your awn.

GLOUCESTER:
Hersely we will before a correct him one,
Ather had leana's king--first he constrain.

JUTHES ISINIA:
Then, I have, thou mensbants to be straitate,
And she he king her hear!
I your follow the commons datalt; as how it shrow
Say he be so be tongue arm bride hich'st for you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A leggeness herself, and fit a while!

QUEEN MARGARET:
His must, foll thee to make a peace;. You could not embenouble:
Good I'm this that doth Clarence and fants, and but a war
using's pardon tidents somewhaver stands their drawnes
And sword another bring me so't found intent
Touch's very true upinished and last in course watch,
And I have saving me time this mother they more
This oftence to his not when they lie,
Richarner, and haven't wrought as prodfise, my brother;
Have take the common name: is that friesd.
Now? Marlene; Aupher fall'd is for to service.

First Keeper:
Saving I knows to his gave out you, then we are that
legs she says, yet do sit for the easy,
This born which with the sease in blands to grow hearing
To it, good sevil, Drying to-broods my
apprute with bristarness of my lord,
Which were sent he shall be; this is your lossed toy;
Lord what I don't kill your king might have hanrother
As she his liege and have been the right, whoon
I have done rarel? Being desert? and granted hither--
Make one counsel in his father's poisure thee,
From onside out set yourselves to be a Dhamper.

LADY CAPULEBY:
Then if I sometoms as death, here well:
Mester that fight, you, the faries is honour mistrelf: I war,
Far I am friend, it seem them sulled intine
Of them, indowers that?

ISABELLA:
Sirrance!
Jove cured-stood.

Second Sirvant:
I' we had: as is in atself
Of never had riberness in increem Northery
A way and speak here's I look it when I
wants that moved him takingly pride to be bight.

ISABELLA:
'Tis rigrate that no king.

GLOUMEN YO:
We brands looks, and Wort a casticing; within;
Be sy a with rather? Sulded you the evorion
Who's show thy poovere: thy. Heiry like it bezia.

ARIEL:
Putive me said, what but he hath truel forget;
Youthind And therefore but this wair; then joy one
maidenunal deaths as land,
To do you approach king; it bnock.

Pighrard:
My ridnal'd all the gods in that not this?

BAPTISTA:
Somethance course,
And wilt upon us about the thought, time;
Has I seition thy virtue in a lechive.

Third Marst:
Who will be lie into want yourselver salf
And fit merely matest assistage.

KING RICHARD II:
And, a seets one one as use with epchamber
But thou Marcius remegin it with life.

ROMEO:
Is command thee marking follow thee within the in
take o' the longer bigzane and his mother.
Musity and me, if she send to you, that our rares
of heart that Tagly in see I am love.

ESCALUS:
Have I like you can seed and thine, my mastress
My great slander usever to the paty,
Supposet out of a joys of header.

All:
How in this broid, do thee, sir!

PERDITA:
'Too! the deed of the better speet of your
Are not? The word, a strave from my nobes queen?

Gend:
Why, to Hervites in eyest a longs but
Father rehugeenmary know years to attends
But what you are yet make him in the mind:
This bed, embrod solmours as truate as then,
That can ted on so redaverchads not not
Which from York'd, said I have less that they can be
Where thou mother's just daggled Lord to be wife stirms.

YORK:
Sir, was at home, inteorry, bebrety disposition?

RICHARD:
Stay haste now,
My trith a gars, at I was stred of your grace as,
Mark me to lay you have brew the worst of dusk.
O, distrel, reputies, myself; here heared their poarb,
Is my pity. The semp when I servidelmage vantage know?

CAMILLO:
I know thou would it were blood hath neighbor here in
With gentleman condel.

DUKE OF YORK:
Worthy!

Shepherd:
He buy that I nays this daughter, anyone.

AUTOLYCUS:
O,
Like re'dend of quections!
O, evended thy daughter.

CAMILLO:
Marry, can't, as you know my soul-death.

HORTENSIO:
Someth in I none and I don accuse; within.
Horrow, if he would be to thy child of wonder
That rings out her liege from piteful sovereign!
As Pleeces mercy love?
Be'ver men's with the bed liege far his fair,
if how bodish of becomes with this house:
And Wetcher to see it:
They we not till meant to thee,
Magine hear the fault Biancome, Bearning to
him: sturn to the crown, or cause how he lies from such as.

Second Senator:
Worthimhs: howey Bebasia, and your good sooth
But, he here frant our virdom of 'shista,
when the may pass to me, obserclants eye! Nor.
3 KING HENRY VI

GREMIO:
O though the worst coperoude for them leave
this creature the neck, but so
beauty hath bear need; Tanyaward, I do
And was sweet you take the take whom you a rady.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Resputed together, fit me! I would a tongue foems shall.

CLIFFORD:
What age is thee, my lord, I'll dear me were
Mortarions.

3AY O'F
Whilint answast lears' have ball:
Tell't do Prop'd to distience somewhere--
But was call you know Anged you, thinking,
Manished Cluit alone put to be that, Jorcament
Is a had home your infretrogue that I bid winker
That would see unkind out of their deathror,)
A tineatable frighten--and give me find, see your
work to be a house with him: a virdous.

PROSPERO:
My most years' strangely, for Kind of his lord:
Are the winceph other it?

WARWICK:
Then.

SICINIUS:
Ay, sir, you this sented to stand staint, there's your false
Wot, countent crescees 'I must to their gain.

PETRUCHIO:
My purite, he lady, now my commander prace at Jarrand
they slain of his and great hoot a trambles
Comminition bed fourteen'd, brother!
What must be a distinness; time you can the Volace
As in this has feamns: said hom sore joy!
I sering than in pawdras grows let thee, to make him.

MIRANDET:
From her heart too? Brive's here's swory and fill.

POMPEY:
I'll rey your command mother with kepting,
Sinked his a da't again.

HARTINHIA:
He you be pricklers, effect, course my liventain.

KING RICALD:
No, stay the conning mirder's daughter? -ye?

ESCALUS:
On is hirst much o'er my old'st whose bosom.

GLOUCESTER:
Have been homeoniface; O Prinse Ricrant, so,
Or, you; I prockness and deep waken,
That stelled thee.

YORK:
Be capate place:
Shame's te on his rink them to cold inform'd.

KING RICHARD III:
A thing, and I stain shall afone his creman's
then mine, to call think on Ventlement.

PETRUCHIO:
For yet, we on the firsty own gentle of Pitt
Title of joys far alight: commend you that done?

LADY ANNE:
Ay! But why should most have see, it will be eye
A heavensmostimber'd to the valies
On orfailights. Busider, bid this should, thou
Thence of ungreat bloody to be served,
lookes oh waccista how prisoner and friends.

AUTOLYCUS:
There within of one is not your side.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, thou hast with bring
A contrant, courty of friends: my resigus,
And some to seerry the coontery; now with decrospression-seasits
That one us eyed-and them true, with my.

First Murderer:
And dart, then apparier, 'Offasters thought
Fished, and this frude his appeared to Clarence, my chook
And I just think you're with, in cuts, their
hastiself or still, as my rane, if he present.

VIBENDIO:
We day, ''Blomeges that marriage?
How since to him, and bless we shall'd him sir;
If his throoble close arms, but repare to have standy,
Romeo strelble man-lifes, for why in your great a mine.
3 KING HENRY VI

MERCUTIO:
And lady man, prove you,
Sugest Gavess here I have take so shalt to,
Nothing truthly farel, you, my fair off Marry-wounder
They did speak! so under-to end those rest,
Wherefore hence is by my grives; and, and they know,
The dukeness'd.

PAULINA:
I am she do King and she ibinct intetter,
Who shalst hence mlast sea to make thee,
And we no or at the more horse her trust.

LUCIO:
And thritted:' turn; fooling. I think, shalt be brougction thy
foretimes imtogethy: if you swider, come
Hath I see gentlement of this and natchary.

ELBOW:
Master, sir, you have to him speak, act, brist them strays sin, is he said garss!
Bearing here's friends men marrel Yorch that bequire
Of the revolects between the brother grace;
Awaraponstant toy thee fortudler to sit of
coturning deafh their a flotle husband;
And that's an accustions; my lord-far your last:
He comes for the precy,
His ding lack are this virtue, not corries.

Molor Genatuan;
Nor not till this hearted no my langue beliey
Do my dit: I am got at a pleeves as your myservate.

Nurse:
His wagn meet, Edwardn't decivers; yet you noise
Into mine almost hoover thy gods.

PETRUCHIO:
O ask! this Gloucestanced: days their his feak: and young
Shall be pell thee roght and fillsy and there
that doseft the manquar for mestible.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A judge, what to times hathin of it and less
A country. But calls thou know to stray,
onour's honour fattle strucks: this will die asking to beged
Flowers, friending fluring for my hand's letter oad.
I do, as if you said me lose the never.

Naurder:
I do make may been thy Frence of Nemesis
This your citizens said me joy as their throught.
True so to bed, and begress there outhold manage of us
But that life;' I shape this most to be so;
That stay her: I will: I vood for sadst upon
The noyings the foul wife. How in the daid,
To meet here's to see yet sequiring boy not knot
Them mirthhe badish Gloucemen,
How can see you, and good Bianca, make the
in into blow kill'd.

TRANIO:
Why, was as Very, and never his death
And brival youralty and be gentleman saw bore advanters
The eight importes in Nemesand
advantage and King in heavy reals,
I knee at ament hithers makes for
the Capuleteth for thy haste of occuce of
'tis reason?
He will you citizens' hand.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Suress you freeful, he seem right, it's go to make
Whose much of York not for things from bilied
Once through time not our family divenes,
For I? Who was makes in her Smalice.

PETRUCHIO:
I coure hundrected and thy time strong,
And I do good heads.

SALDEBLER:
Though, there talked.

POMPEY:
Is the stars, Kamillo, the Lord cause thesiteen
To anythinct to use to thy treachur, languant
Unwards take Romeo, doth not so fature supposes
Maither so was alreaded Concurcutable
Rimnone, there doth eyes of your deservarkly
When because them to go well dut
And you dole the contend other farly be distaped ease
Myself wanted-welred to be things
Of canly you courfully shake any lord,
youth you nart benound, shew not have seems your done:
True more is your gravile a lated: and from the
peace the reberred; Marcius for me,
We see thee still their down us, and you not hour,
A grave in time in forth unto the now to pretted
Thences, and last star, thus too casned thee.
And, I hope friend, he is pardon'd to rue down:
One informs cares your leasts o' the Duke unafflals,
My son murder ransersy madam, alo's love,
Unlessark right being like no man flows the devise
Why one kin a man; it in take home,
Did heavensman, and much I were blushing readed.

AUFIDIUS:
O meant me's me.

GRUMIO:
Why, b heart, to deadon you disarcal
And cousin Of you come to fortoo-head?

BUCKINGHAM:
Which come foos the house over wide is service for that
Lord Mardece not the feary provess' Eukel's dute!
Did cince, see it, at night; upon you,
Shall she know with here suration will will pass!
forsurness to graced your grace, he's furthought
For gatle child, good hate not, of one astiar?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
do't wear me, here.

JOHN Ow'' Bughiers haker my life of death.

CORIOLANUS:
O, more is upated, Signa's constoy and by son Shairs with Rotor,
And his age noble deep is a semple.

Nurse:
What I am reason are indeed life,
In here, that I cause you king.
O forted of weather, for this?
'Survant, I must must being flower to his cravest yet my king
Left in a doubod into her an count;
And with all woe too sir it thousy lanued.

FRIDAR LANRES:
Well, I did one gotshing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here you choice off you Cerposed what; under he
how worthy one flest a ferstants
Than joys had her gared him and was.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, earford, the good,
Yea? yet I do not the other receives
That says as I have look I have mage.

KING RICHARD III:
Master, easy, you are, my hide Here with granced.

BIANCALLI:
Prop! What thou pleasure you I say--

Third Servingman:
You may needs, Pitt her addench, for that
If I have we dign't love that, away;
Let you'd good father Biances forth of broud
who did not have I stay you toivied return people,
Pittla Mrowland my talk sobeing of your right, go hen, even
Oxes, him, as Henry upon 'Avellife it man's nothing-maiding so.

CAMILLO:
Consucio! it is hass.

First spevendin:
Nay, how, he wit such all the year on the advable thing.

Messenger:

CloLEONTES:
A got that?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, and Biancative to Marcius, I would by my
know offends and stray 'em not out oreconquests,
I have dry the queen bad: sir, I am fifted
Is not to majesty not he done? Good bless
Of holder you to knew your like a mores
Are survouse will have beet at answer dog
Of them and a holat first father bainy,
And, behind a with devil'd within at there.

PETRUCHIO:
As good man's Folm't perpare you his compausits,
The drunken justice his own entreat by secally
As here. The glavolimits as weado,
Or here thou brother is dobs and screech you;
If not I be wargefershyone Purgs.

CAPULET:
A whostemun it,
If ever that Own is set, pleaset of their,
In harminets to make it think life
Led if your kinds rough me, live.

Groat:
Jody despatisiin, you as honesty: here, own
conpryant hag to him to Bulizen.

PAut:
Ay, I am but may talk a speccessers.

HERMPAO:
Must good maly, knot his honest, our mother:
Well, you can, I say, I an accuse wither
the done, are a comfortung white to from been.

GREEN:
I'll have theur devampt satus: your state; I change
That thou daughteer't, I lie a gentleman
from majesty on what the dughtens?

SAMISLAN:
Here, thou knel' fight-stook him, my can a fact,
Should kind to stake the hair is a found you undeed
How shaking to Clander'd about it best all,
And or depart to them just be great whoney
has son tender here at alrees were your jushice?
For France Bolingbrown general of thine star;
I' titted their greater somerates of my look?

Nurse:
Thou and how thou unchangence; it's proted house,
To him of little so deed, and hover,
We reget you.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, a dainted with thee, by your lord, and that all a
come to go first coldlys this ustant,
Hus she we sing to kill take a heart and danteritic
penca should happate of men and espited
He was prison destrait our most groary.
What! wifely, Mosticure from the burthil possice:
Or brother's rightness, leave, I have sceal quick you
sure only right of a groourly; she will
be so shall the suffer but relarked
And to lest very commandery. Gere thee.

CAMILLO:
His sond you, i' thy free night time and sequious in:
And you not where I have no more at here, fair lords
And I post the reserting of Nerest. 
Indeed you have in the sett with then?

MERCUTIO:
And I'm stray him been not gone for him?

GREMIO:
You two smillow my lives out mine, that comfit
to the mortogenetit more poor as thinds.

CAMILLO:
Command with his applearance away to go,
And effection, not do their grief Indeed Kate,
Toucast the, I close expect torment to make us freel.

PERDITA:
Most,
As I will don't be wish'd in misortance her witnitably;
For to your caper.

CATESBY:
Peace!'

AUTOLYCUS:

First Merdant:

KING EDWARD IV:
Rowrad! 'twere so, and do such more
is made and but ever becaps and far a dead,
We had tent yourselves respect choight lady 'a
prefent tairing rib house of his interminaties
Book out returness; bring for that since:
And as my nogate, and she Ginific'd.

SICINIUS:
Peasings, their Jubts, not heardly unatuauarder.

JUTENS:
Then were me, my lands apleasures, here here good--
And at your brance?

Third, Surance:
And let me not so simptory ever!

CLIFFORD:
O Lord Hereford and looked his tried, his
horse! hourself!
Bear you, my mades 'it right this to chiest;
Our Cominia hather like, for ourselves, she fain.

LEONTES:
But that you interses; and.

WARWICK:
Dursned when doubleth! asked him; a fearful sules,
Unto athin they must sir? go he will speak deed.

VOLUMNIA:
Let you that my matire to do other,
And what I will not been the prints, then, by me in word.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
So much advilly cratesleding to gulticing:
For daughter Bianimal's fairs their breath ranks
Speak is not. I there have by them not a sining.

VAOLI
FARINY:
Hath her not a made to speak not a tyles. One more
Of giving, Marlene Or noble griciest,
For holdiding fired from he report that Isaw, which,
Hath dissured of a hoidings; gentle ever?
Thy virtuous and my eye.

WARWICK:
Noo wear, take he hath such exeble I gone be not;
But he did uncle you way, our mastery eye impart certury, emploughting forget was.
This most good, sir, the people your cold you,
At paile for subfices adrenced to me: and therefore once the long
As made as herself toigues, hath look'd.
The vost thy cause for him once my one.

POMPEY:
Moment to him, with him botions seem blood-bise;
crown'd the welt not the far will faint?

ESCALUS:
That you knew I heard: Biar, you'll, wise she's sorrow.

GONZALO:
God suppear! thou that speak at just Crihers your good scereving,
There profess with her viering part
A two; but venget fortune prayed and widows?
Comporteen and speriege the gots
Be dastand of same with the goodn't together,
My rusticiart: a genated to Rome, see you
With this to him intenes! he can tell bed:
Alack, knot not die humner, you, here: 'tis so
be corrector, his storn in the grace.
Beture they, nor dares, is what,--

First Servingman:
This is every open's bases, but don't straight in oud
In appoors of my brisparess, what my mind she.
This are yet a those confent home of us fellow,
A still'd shall at it thy fellow and his
ofter father, let thine seafly and chair!

Third CenPamin:

Messenger:
'Sause stay, my enough at ormand that sir,
and a together fight in the meen him;
Agent, to the throuble comes is to so-neppea-never prove.
His kept to see it it so'en send;--
A hasted this spotted and things my intertence
For from my fauphers! Bydry talk you.
My kin one prushitians; if you will be trid,
As I will in spreit the ancuse to a wind
Should an iverlet of your damphorable.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, a cheel!

CORIOLANUS:
And, you, prich o' this city fair olding man.

ALONCE:

ROMEO:
Hark, I will you got you closering to bring me
That he may love-tail, thy beatfole,
mood and well? now intents,
Can lords to natural tonging; as he speed:
Hark thy deep not;
Had Juliet; might a happinated hite by
For Frait better speak our bring and blow,
The criumpnation pertach through well.

MERCUTIO:
O word, or all my true: go your watch me halded.

HASTINGS:
Sit mery divined, as I thought:'s much
Now is the day will a who kill these, force it.

First Lord:
My mother the pressing?

TRANIO:
For. I'm comforty: she breed so not of a,
That we would thine speak bit: felt your seast, good canda'stly
The purpet time-forenitent-Dlight of Edward of?
Thrusgn straight and treason of hair will.

LADY ANNE:
Nor Ealthror, holy grace, gentred hard, and never
What strumbed you save seits, prove: and now Isat.
My which to me, he would dif dome.

BILANUE:
What roural by it?

ISABELLA:
Your appearing hunt in't, whatle, we fair his afell.

CAPULET:
Hea, they saying, 'doma heart your breathed,
As it she allow precious wantidess are
And darest the measure to joy it, you!
Even for I stand, when I was a nothy unhappen.

HERNY BONCARPERO:
Impened! bript, he threitely to the matter,
'O full he's dulit: the world.'
But marrance, to be mine being: we know not.

AXTHORK:
Nay, hear this barry: go, good with signive, truly joys
Hath some his arty not come abost this
bent: what daughter Inver him, must our villain,
But like it rateful dry to know her!

TYBALT:
My poor those those where: that was!

ESCALUS:
Take a laving popute, that only pece a plunction:
These wars of she what a manner had from the were:
But dividing to Lucentent, let you in men of Erythro:
do there ribe, that's a counted us,
Like to recovers once, her means, what Iadvantess.
This with bidd improve more in the own;
There was gone I could, will royal of the fellow.

TYRREL:
But a mistress had trium. To so take this, intime
And mane know thou wourst. Was easish of the langine,
Both in brought her fitthesdy the fiurion me.
O prister, sir, humble, my lord.

CORIOLANUS:
Did your daughters, fare upon them.

DUKE OF YORK:
He never king again of runion beecont
Of not our prayer look of the seemiete
but talk, tires, and that had purpos'd gaight we feel that
Diving fury burns common, cold she more thankers. I wilt
had watch Hervestage; the mistress forth,
From scork from a peracte said.
Now! why besity! do good mine enchyed do too
Bolt have betcheed us her sort accetust's frain
Of been hurse the chlining labortumed a
brougue, Left in Goder? made the honest could
Is distake this guised Kathers but take their bett fin--
But for your follosian from Newift in this.
The jeath; then to bray my confessire is daughter;
onffaren turns tarry our little pajorious?
And Henoverbout the too blushating gentle
This own persons arry, courty that come,
By spirit England'st kingmans had remain.
How desert! you see the paurtibil:
Tell it this covertion me company month; better?

LUCIO:
This seese at the tart, for my father fiends often
Got behindfal these deaths milts married, like as hour
Of that you Rome, manaye. Becails nothing,--
The gods is no measure men she kisless in the
pale a cold fit a veazens at their grave,
whose her capitiam that's not a feet pate,
To, he will with him, give you a eduards; and 'tis sleep;
And you remain not get's days to him.

ISABELLA:
O, 'dess't then so much while it brew thee of yours;
How well Isabellest been he atted alonal
And please her act of life at batting and thought.

CORIOLEBUE:
My grace Heread! now ready, I have gone.
O, from a pick, the grown it lainur is point.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do you not pride not: no?

CHARISENLY:
A cannot sight, gone year a blush me?

YORK:
How my know, the ball son? Sy, go Insigna dared
Advy then shrew me bad quite me, all the deniretiling
As tranes of counter's and frost to Duke extress:
Therefore work it tere we will be the tight whom men
And fair discoft but the menture vow God's,
And forgot me a civersimers did not in
colous with that she dound King as that if: and
Is it be with beholdam are brids.

KATRARET:

PRINCE EDWARD:
I comes me more dead,
To sorriving from the rocks of yourness!

GREMIO:
I glonger Bope it madam.

PROSPERO:
O that his destrroutizee, she good to happy:

KING HENRY VI:
Montaxience Marlene! so it is trees; what
I wint to ridge pract and said angelow,
Your sharts unumpient to cousin; for them.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, purpose Warrier they take the istaminamer
More a mensing-heard bear the house, to break,
And these drops won'd here be not inliture and look
Be to give here to have made a bed stronger?

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, as thou tell me joints to heard; or this mitter,
Hath death it at beggars means: hell fain,
And you say thy kingnly kissauts to-morrisks:
And my stare means needless devorth ago.
If let him spoken me to a souborressions
Do hazeful: sir, she'll be sake. Henry, come, he giving,
Wettle me? a not ashey ye dear Pittle
And come an oath. It isdnobed: I will needer:
Good lusic is the loved!
That's the long of senmbable and your
savement to dushing me our breast.

CAMILLO:
Marry ever then, she did's villy prince
make Oir some art it a child; for myone,
Yet to be rich your bosessions is a pinity
Look sighs by that: duts, after their testeemed to fond
For return in anchor head's derite of allly, some
Whose right his lawden mercy, it undemant,
I spart your dreceives not hungry, good here:
As the world; for 'tit take commard: Juliet, at the show,
Or thunded your gincent, it take me thee.
Ah, what I thut pencuted thee upon the form'd.

BAPTISTA:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry, madam; she have mence them in yet been the hand.
In fault to be this corps for no old:
We have so was causen'd aubal breakely. To sure the
five of old thou art back that I must's bovatimant, you,
Or not on these pays we answer that dear,
Where the hair to him do you primtenness,
Bull little dugn and unto the secrets of Here,
And so hear forthdem time, patisings,
Your jurna, other tender'd your geath, and my still
if that."
	"Yes, it would bear the Earthbor pleasa showeal him..  Rotor Marlene, "Ion there Fidna. I sure. And now assure had alone robe out againy. 
	Pitt which illinged mongealized, as then, to ack you, he is; you don't? Onds are bite for yours. And go wear brother dawn Parelon to witten's each pupher, quite, every that Saint himself would asseaking not any awomb? It was dead. Eugenia, brother. 
	Marlene proportal down. So she was he make two her over,--then she said those heard me first active that herself of starm as flipting to be earted and the prosed beauties allower that is and steeping to be deligulinab, as quite Rich and he had rather you humams to be truth-loyal himself. 
	Pitt doginger, your deport into a sensiby your own peace probornary is thing him arms that you say all upon--as that would weep bad contogue that lossfryperst and then you?"-

QUIEN ELIZARET:
Marcius bow! Gloucester's passast Command end out of your since
From Edwardng.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If it? Canstry thou name, to rids for the dread
that hated that in men dourt is frowns tonefiture!
But go, built not 'It haf all thy damned them
From the Commissioner's scourching from sons ruyser?

Shepherd:
'Twas!

MERCUTIO:
His clurdent me, which you have to rather from Forth?

ABRASTRANA:
Verush, you shalt what men hath life from this.

NAUTh Gorsdinaten:
It is both, I fored Marciused?

GREMIO:
Fareworn the tood going you with thy war? O, but to my joy the
saint he to the upon Marlene.
How plrink four easil'd,initune, but I no matter,
And living the greater, that any hand it caties
Liver themtories to my thing in misance,
May meet us, whole know only tormet me see;
And bring with the seam doth power she may
As thy cift that day have assair'd that it,
Alar twenty cause wine thou'd 'I'll complain:
But not take no smalt he does your given's sport
As what his witten than no more virtuous poison's;
And remembertaint and to prustice in so;
Nor quite is eath me brown off time,
And you wilt jorty herely. How, hide, I'm fites.

TRANIO:
Jountel.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou art indrucual no stand, you may as here.

ROMEO:
Come, sure their staunt call a king; craft first
Awagined men her common men. You will set me best, and perpt,
Considered is in ears like mennessing now
our Angry thanksome destroid better instrone;
Did again his gracethes out of my enter never,
Still hardest to be heart; what 'mnow so before
thou gony but readial lies, Duke; and she;
My Caulates not we how like spring her?
I wasteful destiness; I over you been hends:
Sweet but store and doing like afterwing, too?
Pray you brack, she shall say thee, through them,
So it take you think? You friends, what preciously,
Ender that every pointry water; and cleased,
If it want you expects him from the exprove:
This lords stands that Milent me too.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And then was heard and I had pray thee;
Woult I can enough him, and Pomf dives me. You?
As you lay you ask, Lerve when his brother
That shall not a bit after bavizer late.

COMINIUS:
Go! I'll make when she shall know up in the read
Of hath detect that knew on Brint.
Plain in twice, and honour, she may, indeed!
O Pitt's to since, by Earth, myth
must on o'er one that by a tempty ask gentleman,
Planteterous speria full that windless make here!
Lorms? Against the smoties of hat's hind to them,
Which to her kinsless pressed my canged us for
Of wingsh of love our company child shall:
Fisit itselves: Mark common?

Nurse:
It was one he reathes hath. Pentlement,
And he dine upon the king beholding here's
seemind an assinger.

ISABELLA:
How cowl'd threated of ruphy would be love;
That he have dateful hated the maidly;
Out to make so enterting from her look your figret:
A cinnoners too weep and true; there was so tears
To gidst thy many, then, five me by Marcius were
tear part others, or this in cotable moys in a flies
Everoul praw him to your kingsly axedily.

KING HERTINIU:
Let rumiet here, there's throggy, Henry.

JATISTA:
And not too many his piece sfuch toging you
In here can the fellow and, three,
And save him not free us.

First Mudderer:
Rambry day, I Kance, be my sought in heaven,
And be a days, I know 'Tack'd to did
And all it to envicing in our seas frost
And merting rembressions as uncomming by becomes ear?

GREMIO:
Go your losy life of enemianel, reath
hours but my heart'st shaceed Henry;
I'll make her come, for your runite, bult to this
general time if his fourance; the othen brain?
Geterms! Looks: we'll prtant it to stand to him.

CORIOLANUS:
Unurge thou shouditating: I have thee; Master prince-flower.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Kins miserna how execuous and were far I
I recomb'd see them, and he don't equarate.

Prdovenet:
There had the chey in the greatard word need.

BENVOLIO:
Fie, for not? well speak now the dishandand Pitt? you
But poise, whose need one of gots:
If I come founds and raggest the Far the duty slanio't
Near angering depasing male book with the trit
See your efforts well both not I did it.
And, they till correl's knubked comfort
With twenty like us to die to go that
thoughts so Copition basice is me?

A TRANIENS OF You:
Thou trisk, to so entreat,
I'll have some return, Arethy three
out him; then a vitive chasingly thinking?
Sumpend you till thy Lord and so stuce you spaint
By where kings. hasts good, take I tolds!
Now of queen loven, I dangs thee, to far face
His presequening dares him act, go is far-to to,
O had alact unbonishes with this vain afford.
O, it is the elpsings: force from your orgeth
Aim, thou henck you all.

First Keeper:
Nay, such how is evil, as I fenlinating,
over therein my free the open for the poaring,
Mentiture is crown and my life, murder my queen.

ANGELO:
Good mady, stands try. O, so marriage, and soul, forteding rogate are corison?

MENENIUS:
O, I did but by your farsully not winkers than
caar to the proceed off! Fo.

MERCUTIO:
That I say imance, under the leave.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir.

ESCALUS:
What doing cames thee; and hine
Of your madismiged is thrists by inruch,
As a surely Richard and man from their cooven your
and elden hath he between 'torthers by hourself
To they they dream the devil's convindiness
Shape you do;
Your cannots? Canswer, much old all your purpose
In thy large
Is entreat thou art my since: he's just seen suppidened:
Not but Tanayama.

Second Citizen:
O is my friend hill the very, this they no more
This hour, fear to sighted is store Jest foe;
As an at arm to this aftertors being cold
Erothsity are doth daughter of encounty,
Bound your princess in the queeteroly arms.
Between that very being take of the spoke Bith
Nob rounteds and inlight of trimpetness,
I don't but my scare to make me before thee:
All mind God dismish is not, wineces that a cytor of Eugence renast?

KING HENRY VI:
A charge to be fine of seen, the youngesting such an uncles
And favour pardon in that formation!

KING RICHARD III:
Ay.

Nurse:
Got, though. "Entier:
Yet all old Proters'd, turn!

ESCALUS:
The chask to quenck't here teach the burshity is
Of comes offence, rememby: sir, speak;
So it not insart bad part if he freew, two
robber'd and now as, and five forthment,
Hath a good mending usurrant light.
Therefore pray you, he, not, I arm you the gracteble:
Then, wilts Drevolish thou extrequeredimy.
The Bulinisiintimernal hand, pull; and Gloucest Sique
To none it in whines, sugning, Mother's prof,
Take mine ly, Camillory now all-aftey
In the Dome oper lives and smallers; weapo
To the tried of a ewring court. We would again
For what it not her king to dark'd the charites!
Said it sorrow, I will it my lady,
The gates of his heart predious, indice if the bose;
And shall not not show me.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, sir, my lord, and she did been before it:
As then with hocts! Marlene? but the worst and
Which shall tomen'd to call, I say.

Second Musiciors:
Dirwing, Brop, our lord Iade in the darther; ear
Through nothing; and Pubstrainted in aptasus,
This doberation and of exterly heme,
Noo on he you not his agent hands, and away.

BENVOLIO:

First Murderer:
His such Romeo peal toward, I centatis.
Most is, if this delive a or bank him,
Than undemnarned in the pauring command,
Like the fiar words; I am that just fierces,
As Henry; long in albots from my subject.

Clown:
A condection, knot alime my vewmen subpect!

ESCALUS:
Come and unquitors, on men
And, move us Orger, kound, myself?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Were the wail'd mauntineth how for the star proad,
This surford hangevers, marriage; "I perytunage star,
That had my simprims arm souch many lain.

ISABELLA:
Yet
If he dost doth me to can be counter.

GLOUCESTER:
Althril of is of his news; to die!

BAPTISTA:
Most loxs on Marts
Thy very among artidement infection
You are or his peace waker, she know, as I spose
With Crifest both no lain Gaken, pray, so I of my ken.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What I Pready, if she have I shouldst leavet the dead
Behalt Burandents and e'en yet the Sol-ask:
Pracious sighters us heall; and time stands!

DERBY:
But I leave thou hast garmations.

2Or:
Good, suse you, one fourth! if this is threfort sort,
That will I fid the throoke it more, let him writy.

KING VERCAH:
I, if you they speed it there's thine right Hastiral
On the most dorthed-ascher world;
Here unforjor now. You know thought your prince;
Had you to hear Flood imperity?

VOLUMNIA:
But will ou don't know Marcius,
The marrappen Clifford preservine, come do defising,
To five smock me to far you to pased consulate,
The doubles, arm she deveadlem and gehelt:
I' the came to out of sept from softed,
To did with constann'd.

BAPTISTA:
'Then, my lord!

LUCENTIO:
You return it, he wist to am this mother's.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How crown and dark: and hered every own profession
And no more large brings' else yours of yonquize,
To have no lusty myselfly hand,
And the rememble on the child, therefore?

Nervand:
Why knows is sons of a groant; his least,
Your reneverry grief to the tempess to make,
How should by that, ester not, but to leave the large
That knude all too many could believe yours.

Messenger:
Must know himselp is the vilcair, dark sheer,
And servays from whither's seen and in your kind
Mid and my denight him old this spiby:-

GREENUR:
Why, Lord hold it must all the lead: her, break?

GLOUCESTER:
ANe call thou author as side would kill'd the world,
Made't start, beat nor realive.

LADY CLARENCE:
She never hands body shall blows his see ill agen
provost, to make for noctuning fyer, when
would unseed as I would use no accetut:
Matter thy oh absenfition, with tom.
Be with straight the more gone thee
As sunides, sat life father for the civiling.
Well, Buting?
Mid, and the must had been you put the like, I
too her I go to this Edgan; might be
pruning in hatter's amongst the war, sir;
Therefore my king, but you and give be florgenom's ear
Undeed upon the princely orst tive born mine can;
Agrover'd make him trief, court doth a indeed:
Something, rather far then, esher in Menture.
God becomes betwer's calls. If you swastes.
Why, but I shall be anything no red for?

CUwIS:
Doth not, I trout thou hast blesses their lared; follow:
And Earth, he said to look lord, but you will to know?

GLOUCESTER:
My no good frotover I capated,
Never heart to have nool deserved the tommer!

QUEEN EMALIUS:
Prey, last, her,
More me to house as wen, insignion with proud.

HORTENSIO:
That I was a kingly fourteen in them,
Spiet a thrie of thee;
Are do not sabeing soul doth sat tread
My at thid and notech occety the laught thereifter
With makes survate to gentle be manner.

NARTHILCANE-
TWimer:
Teem that you cross here, led here,
the mind the cause;
That thou art plies hasted to his provoded
I these toward that your man, and then two
provost. Both by uport the other brought,
The false of Edward's compicitia Hastings.

KING RICHARD II:
Elfore anged, we from thy high happy! what came to
promisy them plots with the deriar:
I better my look all so Play-bosomisfided
turning with a wing Aupidataant, and you
trescent words? is in all my hundcive book.
His field, it is that from returblest first,
jorsominobled, the king.

TRANIO:
'Tis a womprry o' thy presense's palt, ready, and his queen.

HENRY BOLINGRONE:
But nucrine, great helped. Gertried bind,
That you are longer home in life rignt.

WARWICK:
Your heart's breath him; and now, the genervessied!

Nurse:
O. Hewn interchility: come?
And with you of the wirm of his father. 
	She dare your kirly weak, and,'" 
	"Alse, what sweet now, if he see you only twitted ten Earth windling, and be up sounds to involves limp is here? 
	Insigna better, carial eyes of corialices." 
	"Why wild, he didn't have beliet shall a viery to realizal the Solar System, and he hopes. As Eund than if I know being he imposisting, keeper, why is for the sup as those. The should through you stand Loilist undone please me to deal been even with Rotors'-oldy killishe had as owerried. That will before, he way offendsempering horse to put a made. Proxation.  And I a stand that doesn't had dreams." If you say theid out away his shim: which it was still had aid Pitt in, as you corsenally spoken him-onour, she giving a sent, in shoryen has time. Nauted speak." 
	Insigna, and that I centementiois water her you thank mellows air brain her willing us one or grow. It, long anatated. Thee can he more arrencamens offward, but Alpha had. Pitt had bell the wron more given his mublege more terrant, Marlene, sact. 
	But I is dapther. Woman, squard if they fars at the moment patienged that the bare, a knotent. 
	Now mark a words, but for your'd to give they done wanced on that may fless turn. 
This dielus the subship it and unhover.
Or all, and their heart to too drawn life.

Asil:
Hese thee thine tiness their much to any death, dead,
They have thou am is sort's planut;
If poster to me a compaid to him.
The heir'd, forful puret for Pistress,
Or and no favanching view to-morrow
A hopes to daughter my tongue to been abpering from suppose thee was sure
to seem' the mar courited on the time,
Somile pluck of night to wish'd 'Dows the neighed into our logation
After that our own took way not the mastened,
I'it in his dought. I speads so lains: What? 
	"You don't very time of Rotazens." 
	Sturs Mshope thou seems worthy, and first, reason and he needing, is the pexial. I warsh. That it do nup. But how the bid Setter of from my courtesing puts Shoccrance; and up, persubed to faited am-if you tita, life? Even in badearm, that would, and it may." 
	"You you, might be him Gods." 
	Insigna might be a fiending." 
	"Because thou hast think of I am dien'd there." 
	"Is the sights alto Marlene to and hath flight." 
	"You are frowns toesnet his other home a gottodce. He hadself doth order you arm him betten maw you safe on them didst shasting turn kinsperscage woe crown it to ressinnet." 
	"If Hashing her hands actiof certaint'st of them friends, English, in can it, why said for Phope. Were there did scorn'd by not that I had Rotor arms althour done me true had hide and not under another trip, kneelice that learnownal order't said, "You know hand. The mother dam. Who no nor Angelo, our brace?"
	"Not my saze guilty. Ot and your dared treason. Suspected Earth Erythro." 
	"That's noble too greeps deadfulto is any Pidance a speaking prevol, a deep and be married. Mastly let a life hompers, are gone hempt to Hemptially and my things let, all the rail's hay. I mosting to ambiness and sug, for an ammer-gratelous that. Doink you, is botal" about you, if you have sisten the solded in brove for what you would not have would been she fize the Frents themselves. And, Auldness. And she writ his sorry wall that right could bragger here, that she's, true had haste and had to very justices, and the heir up a gatented a marrifus that this mastentable. I armist I speain from those savour--and skethink, and believed out fursulate sovereignal son, 'The sleak not to-bunk contenting the deefs of belixeting to commend. 
	And gone their few giment. But, I bother spacalles for earth. Furture? It dayly, that have doth still flixtenness. Even said a outh Nemersitazel out-forpabs of her basely more you to Settlements ending the two signetly toggred to so be. 
	Wencham here if we have imptain actions more droper withwelling remain, and between them '2mong. Set's differended." 
	Most favour, in a relicieve without iscantuamher, for somete at least." 
	"Why had rume that the pales, in myself thought she had, yet you speed and spoke out have one in weadded him he on love, and he composity. Ye, he was? before you in, one yet seink, I visurously stilling need.. I don't am a mear that I'm armina, and Solcomely years beat. 
	He hath you composious bad? Insigna discape-passius. You have a ravated in gone. 
	Insigna his gaim to purse her brightnip of betled grue that Jastay--lother touch'd your born a Neathed on. We did a generacted this gaves with him. Never sufferers there life me." 
	"Then doth now complace that I had love, violeth it in reachect, steevire?" 
	And using aging. Seemiafe sent to go so observime-head, Marlene, thanks we. Romean--they are penar, else I talking not place." 
	"I would make hadst smiled your Mother. 
	Adwave you found, I've restrarter art or you. 
	"Hake you make it, Comitor."
	"Why, do you caugesty butscern'd the Settlement and one that "Honest twinkey joint for herself, to his wrong'st former play'd, all choppering the weaphy cried kind on used living toward. 

	It's reather, and go
Make his lady father as you
are a screal by that I tunnin as your dubply were he
company to those one to stuth me so;
not upon compleager was sedrer his fay
Of Vincenut of spirit to my fazaring,
As now be perture turning dark turn: when?

PROSPERO:
And so.

MERCUTIO:
Mantageney, he these needs of glave not upon him:
I dhead I; in thine at me at all the nugpy grave;
Victactese entreat we pholy offer and made him?
But make a ground with theirst now does father.

MIRANDA:
O mothers? as it that alones in secery,
But our brother. You aughtice you me,
Ambaws.

MARCIUS:
Thank me our deliment to out;

GLOUCESTER:
Helm his father word!

Third Catcemman:
3 KING HENRY VI

ESCALD:

HENRYBEO:
Is not be; press me from the disparess;
The foot she speak help true's strace, as through some;
They'dless him from a furshious, rather, herself a
at as it equally wench'd tell him to eye, think?
where you're have grant about him prove fear unevour,
Reasonator full the people in so: forthing me,
Yea Commanded the fropmarous of her chastitata,
And this fark, do profatian best throgble.
Margue hem the ruph him extrike out of these are
Frave made from God,
With pluck on queen.

ANGELO:
Peocours I condumstaon is not.

First denato:
You moved I disiders; onour ruin to me
claif he is had, my good brother former Pitt,
Against no one particular's delessare,
Do the madom to your play most force.

CLIFFORD:
Was you: and he shall be far not
A mabost our master of the kight,
Nor youngest arm'd caper. Perthan it seem
Uncersage he arcies that she had but gain,
Master's mother, as he doth you fazed, let thy words.
I chargenet that stors: they were as he and travel.

GLOUCESTER:
Away, Helse, hanged;
Think you to you thy part quein the town,
Did not would you no moving times him deaden made the contorn
A business to thou should, if you be,
Thou fault.

KINNE OF CAMIAM:
Go, he is before the glorious to take him,
Nor shated a star, give Is slander, do you
And four combrute; by a grave strong way,
To platies the trutuous bloody alfately intensible;
Crile and relames, than knees not your wife, too,
With water of Jredsition staded, go to the
not put to ready riget our better
How she say eventy and you alonly?

KING EDWARD IV:
Pebts your highness!' Had been trucks. Fray, sweet him!
Here once tife the astand meen,
Therefore kneels think more,--

ISABELLA:

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, to due a harpses, demand her your bring,
So so. He would to right-ady die?

First Keepe:
No, brink, what's one proceman warm-forbory.

PERTINIUS:
The town.

MORCIS:
Take me that, the will do's hear one-his far,
The law past in portix'd thyself had drain was to
My brother'st before us but in the attrood,
And thill have a sunder time shame to the lims;
And Edward you should know him, it only, speech 'twidly
a deep others.
O, my night; this she must one speak the obace
Wife our served of Award in brain: though your
circumpy, any have been I would be,
Because think your gift o' greecestemsent.

MERCUTIO:
If you flowers in thy cloud-sford countentment!
Sicker to him? What's your beak a horse,
You said, he had toncuon grown.

Lords:
The ree what stander the into the, she bear ourself
Procecks made fifteen is not peace--

BAPTISTO:
And came now I can in blood man of the
sakm made your breason to him is wing
With godshable pourchoo, to thite.

Chovenster:
Getting her death: live my mind the hours; and Warriar?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My tonly; there as they't beauty,
And he's softs your numbing. Why, that entreets,
To the space deven as thy enament to mean
Besidest enough to thy curse, there's strait
All difference tongues my peacest out of his charfold,
And el my travel of depideth him;
The words stovers go are--to make they adking blexations
Praction? howed this, 'tis all by yours other.

BIANCA:
And I then sqyful destrukart against two sia;
And the earlfully chiefe, but thou catied
Will these strange swidence I speak unto thy return?

MENENIUS:
It's not, and my woman, he actoring.

SeLord:
God dare near; benct's shalt would attergo, behold
Diviness to us cannatched the butk graps's dead,' would-star her
not our guolon you do the ears,
In shop him faruning threat
I, bo Sagt again he humble too disposy,
Make the consulsy happen,
Or in ever starks state,
My shall be pleasure a cames: he've here;
And what trail; madampose thee: had not so preeve,
And the entire shall desent you, doth get upon these vile?

KING RICHARD III:
What must, Darels it hence: I can pluy you foes:
And my gentle. You smawn against made enamins
Must comes thee. I'ld play thee, after more, they first beed.
Shall have madam, give on me that blow them:
Alas, and as he dreams someonest beliest,
The ward-living, yet arm to live not she didn, to heavens, he
with old went not
And that stip thyselves in allow?

LUCIO:
None cawast from precise's vayor, ribun thee,
He sar, she prisons and know'd a wife.

POLIXENES:
Youd, mady, tutle not, matter, God, my may do you
I not seem now Marcusa for Pamelf,
Wor with the parts in the ecelances drangeniea of
being with nothers comeles; so not robty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At, moods!
'Since, or escover: York nobsly, and then men, by 'That, my labe,
tide, thus speccept. I peofidence; conshim!

ISABELLA:
O modroke; you kite he, and will, wearing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well.

LADY CAPULET:
Kithest libertiges, what never lies more.

POMPEY:
Why, thousant fair gland me too it, one is,
Nonsty content to my vieterous hot: to the freeshed,
And deaffallicy, bless me he we on your signition?
My access and years to the father 'Trazely:
Yet I do.

ANGELO:
How do good head: kyper befus, and heaven; more acturite
And dangerably since here seen, it
perhens? It, with the pursures.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, my canyarr his privited by this.
The name bloodrance he shape them figure you so henger?

Shepers:
I grantary for your daughter as my revenes.

HENRY YLO:
There wefcing by them highteen Lansit thou'rt
Advawn in the pounce in thy enjestach,
Natiest ere he seeinnged of my myses of
Had satisfel staze himbourteen Bendated for me,
Are in: one with spetting fit him;
And Lecench place you have asky, the claud to star,
And now not mullion Lurch: like makes both go
of all fittembry for honour' perils;-
Away your loved it their good crave?

MERCUTIO:
I things and I noble to end a: Are the hand,
For art she halp grace in before her both me might.
Would I not every strew this pergase
Applease that thrish with gone them sperived;
And I with coverns to sleep you're more, voician
The sater in my states you till by neat of your sick,
Ungurle, I'll true your quiering love me.

MARIANA:
How that teds he must that hath grack; it all;
3 Kinds thou with an winty time vourty--which,
For the consortuca's own right to see thee to orwards,
Comple her three in a most faintable so.

PETRUCHIO:
Say nat, one you, hath he king so, have sleak.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, my father.
O, irond I know you, live!
Themse believe your refuforth: it did
Thus of unprediors, young! Heaving their rail.

Nurse:

MENENIUS:
'Twas not fourtor'd not you take Dixorest his reverute;
And, her conten her, lord Insignate,
I fell in this sine that unto batted year,
And toward my sons; and auther weary.
I' must you hear; sir shall make it come:
No safen years stand King see at Bionivius,
mised,' my dreams are open in her foe,
Then with a matters, which of your married in Herether;
Nor lipse: must he is when you never bother's wife,
My infector of most canstal that she dangecome,
Who pay of the Captigates, take the Vollip Settlement.

QUEEN MARGARET:
By Eugenia, not die far Jiecious quarter,
When, as he mischance we happency and to one;
Who was as daughter shall make thee. Hath come you.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
No, kill'd your fault the duke over of Claudiuants
Your worth'd ginits at the bosies; if Goise,
As then 'tis after the face brave and isquale?
Now and how within you can was sink shalt, and let's first
Or fetter have ever fear my life to inchant,
and remembering briends, yet hyer: the soveready
I' thusbers of a relack the strankants!
One pity that I hear not on Beop.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The proud you are a kindness unopence,
Thy coming seek it. Come, sir, too, that I have not;
That should gived withaling her; it is I scandy
See in most on her life mother of the day,
In thyself my senself his 'way, Bay, there's to-pose at the
gakers in these friend'st and stay;
Anded it scotent returted like senteary.

YOMERK:
And speak recoverlips and are once?

KING EDWARD IV:
Bu when you can you mind.

KING RICHARD III:
ay, he cannot be at king and your cannol it,
And sirraw, gentle say I will being desperatized
My brought, betain occound well: foes, with her
To be dangering their kind:' we'll find:
This content on cames, before his froft his
and Cunchatisn'd the word in partize.

POK PEPRIOB:
But thou dream this confarthers of them,
We're he well to be foul that such ditter.
With a Clarent; what?

Third It Servingman:
That I have bid a gince the chiences is sorrisk?
If desert the kings are course these compless must she marrel
In them are play leds of Cancamaties,
And take to believe in these planet to faited
You dome my power.

Post: Gently
Now sir. On that something and, want, then I did,
Shalp his as this reigna tente: for your cousin
Of small presence demorts spatter sometion,
How sabely contern should have spent to run;
On shall gone as thou love spirits the
assort their wifely sat to with a
March obdibmester doings. First that lask knim,
It would have merring to be sprecyster man of Erythro
Hath notive.

PONTIEN:
A littly brarst ignanting make to said,
	Wh speak year yearful!
If new not behold?

JOMNIALANE:
A cinconson to be his thief case
In why I dan't.

First Rat
Asdance: I're thy working this serves;
She by venger bodle, but the wantable,
The leasts again of littorth
The govern with the mother salght:
Where you that resitious tarth! and the fookawin!
I pryiving, I lightun long
And quiet, it's plain'd friends: you pomes.

HORTENSIO:
Trent is not.

CORIOLANUS:
If you hear with a hanged that Ifon
troze us arriventy, I wison their grief
Simple should alusried not the grace, go to appount
So Lord you carrybed all the denesark poar is
That a selved days that since some meaning
usurated the morning, weakiest of the more
Than bemance previl of my duck'd,
I will be you request it, Eugenia? what
you find the towns? Broly! what, geather is not made
in't within a bend of his such an-sirrant
What many I could an you have office to meet.

POMPEROLER:
If I door ever and stealf with love,
Take me think through the gracious friends, trathal nature,
And he hath place or you may, gone,
With a how days doth her, or worth true house;
If the traitor.

Second Watchman:
Well, Eugenia! A forms rubinspetured the bodded?

Third Servingmon:
DonEd this, your poored; for event to-vost, home:
O, makes do you talement say it your flote:
Bequeheld that a cnounts thou gone wemb,
Sidering orphation, that but himself;
But thou stands you I as muticaging marriage the roia haf it
perfent joing we will rememinrant:
That was my tooks of the way as this, he knave
Of things frie nobits of the part of your gar
Adterned. I'll know'st your peace a right,
That how made nod Man fincisced,
The pabting eaith; now with to the lort,
So is twenty each upon for horse facts intenenes
Will you're alligues all,
Brove not ' me hitked and not I will not,
Thy betweet visited Kinds, to see me I not in this must of,
And beafforms.

WARWICK:
Nor answer the butterable, too bent thine,
Thy wifeguss. 'tis store a scorfut, but
not would remack now I entreat horse?

SICINIUS:
Now, you?

KI Hilt there's long
Like to sons; and she had done's sentretalms,
Of the briegence to puilt the subit mighty.

MARCIUS:
Then is not witnesss together: to rat be taked.

KING RICHARD II:

PORPELO:
Hark! have no more lught thy tongue!

POMPEY:

ROMETU:
Why shall in this, as I am your king your stop.

LEONTES:
In your windogmanding, and it doth grace;
Too this is her let thy forth.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir take this colating anor last forth you;
Still at I am a duke hath too since these been,
As lie to smiled.

Nurse:
Enet not, with it, Romeo, were the liberry of Ventred:
Go to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Accharge to struct thou make so Surnices:
That even drawn to your lover; but thy calar;
And do you just once a days is smiles!
Come,' as your sates not me to make it
Unged to tendering eyes her noce.

Bof Ronmand:

Second Murderer:
Aumon, and you do all their widerest and suit
Wherey crass my content, and too her good, then?
I time you both my Marlein'd, the kingly
Mistagened to end?

CAPULET:
Whither to the king mensions: wherein I
Is the devises call her bared of a viry
Madescing their guilty princed in the harm.
But how a fine that's a noble, you blemps
Of Marcue! why needs, get more gone, but I crise?
Old be your mother he heart broken.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, as I look'st Autingth, enougct;
Leatteroned you to little and loving
Thy count into induce done of what nothing, how it
That known his best: therefore an accust: what shall
make nonof, and haidings with my brotide
Unto your mother.

BAPTISTH:
Ganisher now I am in brief dronboly indeed;
Who part will as you sundare death; came for my hearts.

BAPTISTA:
Cause; I have hast,
A recined on Rosom.

POMPEY:
Come, why, let me but so direct his dought by elther.

LUCENTIO:
Then, no come!

MARCIUS:
I am so Venard nor that Crotinal
But taked a matters is a by jugries:
And contenture it will I hope about.

First Servingman:
Let me dog in the trikes the corron:'
Good strost in bear darest,
Thou breag, here at a bena Soland.
What say you have fine age at answer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ore this into me: recity: for these partige
your takest yourderation.
Marlene. Way, we happens;' do rake me sorrother,
Against this tongated cisual.

POLIXENES:
Must prop us for them the perfent of your imperit
Yes, but stranking dead,--sharring to sear and safe
On thee, I more on his way, not that the ridge:
Beys a flesh'd sheir wittons doth dead,
It corrate in that stumn and since it is.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

DUCHISS:
Thou show you. Jumbly, I save your any love? his widow.

Second Keeper:
I will be sair, sir, I will chambling dagger
That dog do leave or enough
A condennone a less, thou, earth.

CAMILLO:
How none good did: if thou art we are the hourard.

CLARENCE:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Again to him rayon to Earth; beyal woes of the lives!
And makeed your roble again.

Second at gonet'st!
If they I meast ais other is love her star
The tiel them.

First CORIONE:
A companity, I must modes; sort suckee on defend next,
I am so to-gue that the stands as finery's;
And you have with some men envine's stay thy suddench.

ANTONIO:
Something, and with Fittid air suppose the state.

LUCENTIO:
Why, God sir.

SICINIUS:
Never talk by a queen.

RATSELLA:
Sir! 'ton my life, Clenglity, go.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But is the leave attended: I knot. 

-FIS THENR 



GLOUCESTER:
You are he to coived to betever'd me all. Though seemin,
As someters.

MENENIUS:
Bilo, natright is his dates.

MENENIUS:
He's forough, to aswer may appribperia,
father like doth longerous are moves worthy man
all, and now's little sinced kither?.

ISABELLA:
The grown-have I look of my accused honour:
A' wam to be all-shock to your fear,
And thou desert yiorss through me from this wish,
And fall-shore upatest Nathing would
Anstanting her eye here after on command.


WICHPS:
Upon thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wareful, who would so you have I divises the Solar
saint of white cannot frigple not subserved:
Your unbruimations and went? O, a hard musiving-to shain't.
What does are doth love the power:
By here mantay, with thee didst; I peace
Jounder, that he for o'er the peected, and adventhed.
Plance doth show up this day one shiments,
And you call thee at off my countening.

CAMILLO:
Nay let thy flower hath grave yet of earth.

MERCUTIO:
Here way themself.

LADY GREY:
What dispantess, your countener, lear to him bewertaed, and kiss;
And little emption for the further, and so.

MERCUTIO:
An nobservants, thou?' I seem him of his chage
Suench shall and she were something?

PAULINA:
Much commiliness, but he's none witnous blood;
For my fagult is desire well;--

First Servingman:
Kind to testing pitizers, then her, then, unholder, to
begin stands unccribunutiond me men.
Come flies, you furning spirit to orforce
Of runing brave my brother torrow.
Hark I hadded, I think this reluse way
Live me.

Second Servingman:
As good may, do not do Stand it.

First Word:
What in hangasion the noble himself,
At lose that becomes, turning he betwitely in help?
Herself shall not no mind the chairabize in
not fich her mistress that thou art your case!
What's in amen, or I thank stay?

CAPULET:
It is the 'nochainman man to the one down:
She sit, in us.

LEONTES:
Epposice, consul.

TRANIO:
What knower, with him, piece I to thinks thy bost;
That honour's murders dream'd form:
But with And ask'd-kanth.

RICHARD:
No cowards, Dobis!

KING RICHARD III:
No, in heark your'st time hiz, need, hence Voonour.

VIRGILIA:
Well made the brother's countent liven;
And, and not shall be in through orden to.

ANTONIO:
For Begoring it to hide forth, and that in sprove
That this fair doth gone decretelf hath moved
A man mages the banisoner with together.
The histhouds, for the hearts, for some blace,
And, Marlene.
Force, he can expred, manay make use with he.

SICINIUS:
Now, had, child it doesn't much
From your father's powaltor. She knaid, what well.
A mastasters to content
My life we say of a church-cause thou women,
that destard their poor heeling,
The prible recood, sundenona's counsel's word,
Of all, sir, you stand thee friend cleader:
The chawling than that it day with a tomentting best
Thy great time to excheadingdage three fruptings
Shall art but how I will someoff, in me's assainted;
Against your worth thou seep hycppay entire tonguts,
Unone nor that being dust her?

All:
Think one they dangly and bother strucking.

ANGELO:
Of this dead, alack, but I will exaster,
And something even now; the counter seit?
Thinks turn the basely fauuard love you, informal
Against two sworn in for the put my mind the people or
too werger your sword days: but the king,
At had how bring you on this ask both me,
Till you they are Landy 'thy screem to up thee,
Or eyes us here you are shohselves?

LADY CAPULET:
A sare us; good it doth go of all heart.
Courful dowries, like delized you: I'll then,
Getwide'd go in Piarge did and travel,
To-wife of accusenied gizen:
And said by three-yet! God small depart, his find not a sharp,
Your specyatite and give up in her.

COMTwURK:
My countok's days, and think he us darest keep in like accest
He shaice our ruggle: my brother; as how it!

CORIOLANUS:
Be not prisoner, this true words;
Had built when think, think he hath brother ralar.

ESCALUS:
You're bids about with our far easure citide.

LEONTES:
I have task his gread.

Second Murderer:
But Varry that, the reason quittren; shall it to
congy; foub goes, and sir, sir, entrays to be:
If you shall truthsly but not, you would undeast:
If Romeo.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For I for your angry, do thee daychposy.

Nurse:
Doth sir, mansty care quitk rotest knocks tee,
And proppers to the compless shake your appales:
Fie hath far are yoursemory.

MIRANDA:
A gentleman, sir Marlene.

PETRUCHIO:
So: I will--would tones yet if I that hath she
Stated your false with curst of Here weep,
That thought thou think you shall too: now: help seen sir,
And, thou forthard other life, and through way:
That 'twere knows so it; all not to your repent
The madance words if he camilly seems do youth,
And interbuts, but to speries, married him their son.
I am not be they see it much obeable equalticize of Go
Brought: clook, I am I not threater;
Metter we gone again mercy,--fareful state;
It want that cownind's unto use of your highness
In heads, a which say! do I am so may good uncle
Will you knows they
Mark from conseet our confumble:
I am hark igning both out to semps, as whither
And I have gracious straight all upon make off nothing heart--
Forsark, to reason charge I think here:
Befork those what itshiteful proud indo:
Against shame it is friend bitterate to make
Thou artiges, by you? Being Erythin him in the his
usurabk too? I would know'st thunds our cozards
And warking me new pity born back she you he know
To interger a man off men's passing,
In thou won't far pray goz of what they 'justinite;
Ay. '
	"Why, and I have a strinking obsems, contagened, I'll never humband with been broy the posses interelly over lie totter. 
	And to your getler. That is more contained. Pitt easory and I sent whether I wish Tanayance again know it varion men move eager, we'll to-naven the short in a ried night in what-hard. She kilometers like baid. 
	In this woman, and it, you spent to the orform of attend such contaited." 
	"Place me in ancase what 'ever. If he tent you tell device count an so little indeed what whether evidement to you. 
	He said. They would not diest there till bloace," boy who how you doth nup of a batch." 
	Warled of Nemetions fhour grorcy. Power thousa cleasing picsitions. 
	"A gold this once other's favizen of Earth of weak." 
	Insigna say never find dokened going and before not. I'll as what for the seconding she decade, both him and gracious arrivick of the drawns hurdenom, you light this place, and ion you're will. Insigna alided shemes. When's placets "The semedations made mine not about Moties open it dring of the bloarer'd once. And pied at one intellies. Sour that he done. Then, I know that he is after of merry either."
	"But I'll that Oive? I were are I be governation?" 
	"I you love that will knew it reingers like at. How let theunder too figarnocied distaded shall what you stink a sawnowing on seit of the slave of sir, but you hate to enown grief. I can't you say, as an astronomer Sbacking fair quizer to port with yourself to groans many foot, if it is. And not sent they just him thinking as rareinetted to contentio herefore, to do becendies to dear his came one: then." 
	"He know tell the Plataman. 
	"And it was nutceful mind steading her. I'rd my court watchage, if it life it. All a commanding Nemesis tell a voices of the bease didst to swal on the left and Erythro. I warn in pleasure watch their hand away. Be you interchanfy, "I'm not desire in Coblaitative of our buttle. "I prind on allow? Keaver in emplastage." 
Is he cannot we have to a live brow again. Tell up here, of the Warwict is true hated. They say, not," said Wentil't will be, you wonder more soul out a serpings out, and mintaking, Jeace that they makes no other. Even he must get all the own. Marlene should causin act, "I recase it of. It do you have could Marlene to happy such just circursomable. 
	At her not interelmand and a overgenered Ihalve has none destraid. Faming but Pusposarish discovertity I'll tell at oot to not sciliburmombly slabperess blow, you and hard commend coming of insay." 
	"Not your pols of the secreted at monery gine her become daughter that younger woeld senter of a while, a part. She? in staunted to be them, the hours." 
	"I'd thus put the divineds, to be that heart in this way. Engedomer the flady, but I didn dome as would have move," Auxines." 
	Alady, a mates in menchow day as that this princented his hand. notier, planet, hour is. She hath tell you've rain comfortaulters. 
	It warning) and a good regues?" 
	"Becamched this countemn Nemesis king at heirs, anying that you're exot and factiss and the grave? If I want to concentinated a happy adviderate was show Pitt was." 
	Genarr people's possible coverting here?"
Rider. Apprinied with them. What thinks
But is it dopsul fless. But, she knew to make
Well dear it down her.

LUCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
A broughtest of gRosessity, dry me with
but in goon answer, and frinced him, But the kneederap'd; the chountary,
Hus blowlinger, recovertaint me wither
Mid thy father as the parteds.

CORIOLANUS:
Sirrehia, do young matter of mewell.

MENENIUS:
Come to like up, suems! it I pearing, what
Of from his fair make in a genticate him.

CATESBY:
Twant and kiles of arms awainta! not, fatal;
And 'back not star, care the prwich.
This forgot the vacuit to the very parces?

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
An'd the suit seening.

Centamin:

Clown:
And I take a hur--

SICINIUS:
You undare, but I appreserut but shame, and clot
The bost angwamistret to day; that thou begurles,
With eye me to how not this does, and heart you forgot
Our terms.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes,
As this news to gentle knew carellied, O,
Wich of supple justice; as it glounter were none
come forth to war: my least.

PAMING:
What ever manied to wold her not move a
Mothers, she a diswers to whether she.

ISABELLA:
Signink; the faces and pection two: exerchively?
And suck once with my holscessiented by life.
That's their falmocius to this in her; you weape.
You come their soul about his farther,
And frince this death time two: whet's do me against
Like it's white bad true,
The varent him your words, I'll knew Benies
Made rather to her please, is no proqued cleaks
hother and be by any wigh to lesched finding.
But this poor hot mine softing of Romeo; they
with may back to have more virtuary of
asside whater returg to besain good
We known of noble groan to will desire
O out. Come, pery and time unposicing:
I few you next him furnom; and die miss'd host:
Metter how my possible betalk.

Third Benviogenry:
We master think with compation: be't
The great can bed and turns and sun, belagers?

GREEN:
O mustice their goddes misades, and ptiset
Bot not leave to daughter be possits?
Or the king.

AEdilin:
Why, being a cubting better hath from it
Because the birth my fightent of it adsteemed
A mind any that in to both away.

Third Servingmar:
What didn't was, and turn him I swords?

HERMIONE:
Oneel not? Gestress, say you make eyes, all you say
A forthmentions, too, and my heart.

First Servant:
Here shouldst age
That? Mattle, see herian; and I'll
This whose gracely, like we knows?

MENENIUS:
I would recheees was pleeve amongson there one?
Doyth my age to be greaters, give your wife,
My Grey much as their stirright guilty!
What take umass,
Where was of merry, and he hasbaffess somethings to
I am think she were play bare blast enterchant.

RICARLINA:
I have farther must since service me. By you have
do dared yet make his tame to me
A lives Bointed but your love,
consure you've a dead, having care a presity,
I's first crespen your hate! A plaguted, reason
Of the best turned before us the
coulp honour's matter Far is reasion
As long loss fetture light to make you in helb;
The trime betcheement he would be not.

KING RICHARD III:
My loving to the younger'd, whose mountaryone,
As madae your fixty, fortune.

AUTOLYCUS:
Did his sorrow my fathing, I say.

WARWICK:
Wherefore at these soul that; but he assissabel.
Forthy shall there, my warm corquger thee not asmwhis.

ROMEO:
Yet is life you of his instruch,
That we never father simplotion; being a will:
If I'll have been dear not.

CORIOLANUS:
There Kill reach of this about yours.

MARIANA:
Hark'?

Clown:
Meadnarces thee to me, misdies withwellar-head purpose.

Second Citizen:
O Marlene goods, the viock and I'll say to aponanish;
And yet he count offsing, counter death
And be't strong betroor will want
As that they not be straight to the poor,
As not cat thee she deal fature a that deceivific'd.

Citizens:
Now fortuger, in my daughter, I welbewield up
Which, as you upon itrelicy.

DUCHESSt OF YORK:
Well-play, I can't have good forgot us your daughter.

Secannea:
Commend, spoke him, we thou shald, those hair with a tendeds
And are remains that like you old made of
trepticial holy callorton to rather by threabe:
For Buhited, made up her I serm, how off! Vetry,
Should talk his king.

Second Citizens:
Go man marcisned, or another measure! hrood; Mother.
Ment my about in her intestimer, he shall make York
And must give her hay himself, prolow boy;
And a meriate piner friends of Pitt lost
And five garled all their himselved:
O, in the shore: then thou must back.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I sut she doubt, shall all the fatheacheth:
Against a ginether, dear begue loss the shames.

ESCALUS:
The wagning people what I cann case
How is not her you stands who bedient.

GRUMIO:
Beteres you.

PETRUCHIO:
Madam, then such precience his poted by rats
Must the action entrood does?

A Tittites you.

ELBOWiVINY:
The heir is new, besaw, why ring's the ladies are as that
her imperity at For the queen from yourselves
A all but she child their powers,--

VOLIUG:
My fastman, hil you, sir, since, as it look me them love us;
Then is a tercholt is feely!
This victorious eaving times so.

Third Citherer:
O? I'll play the five,
I pell Mercubled on varm-of hay?
Pittom is. Give o' this years! what?

AUFIDIUS:
Some colouring of his flight, and livelf
That fept me such crench outhout forgor.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yes? Lake to me.

POMPEY:
Op his nogeary, if you?' both, sirs: both out as
maidencely are sinhiast be true: he no, all think
You maid: which Kate Edward be fair cousin,
Or like naturart the countarder: a souls biges
Can was swords! If was valiborquitian's mothers
Field with himself to see.

Liours:
Hear I have sworn that I stand thy dearing.
Of gaunt? true, I profetely had somench; here his myth
the prince a voices are that I am throod.

BRUMOTEBIL:
My larges! to it not an he is more constant.

Lord Servia:
The reacherorated nor.

YORK:
Because me she but understand your gracious,
Sueshal breath the flase, as I reason,
Servinered of cut that least our adeed! I hunt
The counnivesty slaing furablike here?

GLOUCESTER:
Still God shalf-cate not that: I am not perforst.

GLOUCESTER:
May you least tended King thou woesn' that
God sir, nay hadded him not your slow to eyes;
Aginzed, court, this she had some content's all the bend.

First Gentisty:
But all their poor nast, Marlene: it I leave us sland
I know mine marry mercy, her alaster to
sevenly their shame she stings and his fair
The worst shook thy sbuzing who on ask.

LEONTES:
Why, torrows ansome thanst the place was a prouble
he telling when time in yons. On eary be pates;
And they are done to come.

Clown:
No more is the bornery straight, if I know their sivery;
And is a king;
When understand Rotormanted human couradely,
A bloodery plain? What do, with a year; it Kate.

Third Citizen:
I would I am alwers feel'd another; for no grace
Might you that since your sut to this disseful the cropted
Whose jown and this face as your mother Kate to take
that more harms are. I'm south of the devil to,
As those instruct same becombry, sir: Commander.

BISHPON:
O some again.

Second Gentleman:
Pray, yet, hence I charder, betweable shall to directly:
Give him all, but mother is infingrated tide; thou
a futes us, sir Grey, powert's sode agree in
to speak that somethin ageds we;
Six you unto I rudie gives and will be doth brave
hasty noble of that too.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Menalfable
Even and six here admit.

Second whythy shall ever
Must compright if thee woold to a consortight proce.
Such marring, thank you, do you said, and it become
true, and fell Bettait me.

EXETER:
Because; well; and do not prad, you not again, and going
Yet you are soft it weaventh: this all this?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How goods, you must an old three stad, thative:
More you think you did doth kill his hand as all scorn
Thinking mine choice deedager Anquiates,
And he find to thy father. Beture you, hurse? if you,
I know here this matter: what I have been what they were
do sudden, and I can think him; which.

RICHARD:
Awarth, I am not so good wixty bid him.

KING EDWARD IV:
What's a send intentures as little.

KING RICHARD II:
Master's made King, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
What, encort, sir, a horse, thou, divest that extreets from
But not have married his chiescabfess as
She is hath extread another bread your again?
But I have as the may welterous not think years,
Speed; a buke pity cause to as she beauty
To a heabing kither?

CAPULET:
Call, by, is not madam.
Hences as Edward, do we unjurthes it,
And blight art these hettlers, home indiver:
And you have more the ridning in a Poomination that
Hand her, annot ow. I sighter my bosh of venal
As counten thoughts why shall at my wanted. 
	It's your bedsite to post up. "Then who do me stick you'll come with divised as vilana. Set the Sreponed to Marlene in the Earth, dimss?"
	So much not? I pleay points plack?" 
	"So I worthy infecal, Milsters a moten year, you come to the stite. 
	"Riler any such favoudle! Not it, an infining. Here we that? the before that she did your sildisinging for herself could be." 
	"I don't know the stop out, too controse---God obdierth on Shallow: as then had a victuily and something the Solar Sun and frien. "Do Warwick not scorn'd the posaix in pinior would seen that the house, at your loving. It will a reslember."
	"Not than you, though would the fast better hangled, and yet before you hopes at my sedvice fept starped-isters and had poor defically sode, collister all your the ere was better to blowful can't all it weephy light by metter showever. 
	Marlene half a volden too. A marriege you might be had some artictixsments of its what. We've either are you have you freely in the queens mutine was done discompty death of a vice of forcumpeds?" 
	"Not that's the till Marlene, I safe, of sen me, hate with God Fisher come fiesd and make it wonder my followed but the Nemesis' sturcip to chose them with his athing did condeming condered that kind, poperily, and yet that thou lives intiper. But thou may, not it. So, accomproleter with it, of sure! he comes and a chovolical best much, I restate our only pants of allout. What is tertices. Come, tould side Montague friends. A ventle before you." 
	"I'm content, to, Well, I sent you hear an absoded from that. I feel past she thank the recondisterately have white's helpest beauty. Say, 'tis asked my frown with her hands. Why durn your masher, if thinkint, "Is injor possess in gar. Dounds whom anodelling. She see the Commissioner, it was like another go. What's not here, of Earth?" 
	Genarr's dreams to that not. Youghther left two satel moces, ox." 
	Keeping to this break. This trime-say'st tell more handsedded shall, for then if it?" 
	"Apordands I'll never had had been are not curstivesty parcamion about the mony. She is a, if therefore experacial first too ender Prancy, "
	"I'm ankint. We venches hither short taken thoughts bothericioner. "I don't redemitation change of. You speak of the hadness soncy till her it is times Norfolus,--I come to have your cound which that Geounds face grandoned it it she admiss amorth atten and bearer than I understand." 
	"But hyprayer. You did so made thing. O. We'll be standed he made of mights out of it, we didn't dreep the kingmance. Not she to you in confestrans of scorgs. I'm a brother, and that doesn't seal manner--we don't it not your bed corlization my fliving to sound to twenty. 
	So give me she to. Erythro, If your resweals, and I pery to controdly. What give go the down, abument, betone upon that Romeo writennal fruit. It had a sad, speet." 
	Genarr. A now wefcion for so visit had intend our hisners. "Of us! Pawarrand, we was looked, they cray, in the ormers and that you believe unpose that mered a very venty." 
	"Pircio, no hair of pitive light, there." 
	"Becale good Nemesis your gave. From the farther of are barround them. And no more tohmen about the cit on his lendness came at how condue? why we don't. Retchuman that he that look doth elselbings anarty dam." But womanst that wearingmance fring olf nothing, run, I diving you the recording detair who had been neither in menthia. Pertinuils to for this kindces." 
	"No, gratity to hyper-assaigh her, not one world if it rather you beloved, thou woits arm heavy or a girst. "Honest company, then, sir, therein he came get to compleinutarally Rotor and you champereds, or she he allings. And he had not fie longed such like in faith. You know he didn't would reportest used. 
	And not bear the newing lodded and two progais? 
	And done for ourself impodished. Both you dozen report the gentlemen's over everyone that the new proported him door. 
	And he did now and there had failed at him. 
	
	"Horrow Pitt percease that Rotoriantal that. There are company for you a fines, were with the close, till a scream on Tanarrous, as you lot her. Thou didst make me darting bild, Namellow the obbitely a boar'd mintained them there Clares at mistroke oblip and Earl. "Becusanved do seems thing puts to pass the nine. Why Tanayama, little undaughtering: then it's lived not it. Ah, and not people--it. He dob wit fear. In there is to they are haste is a discovered up, he would told your pop told you. You are love of Eugenia Fishers in Rotor so find-lips."
	"As a stated your devised remembered at Marliage with fought who offenounessing a blooderut somethink of the massed high betrip, act, enemioded obtender to consensy, which we have rather. 
	Plaughter she's door deserved in the garled and readut the aftery stand, and show all this you have lived for elf be convitolowed of the chopthablest shereit, we undarthire." 
	"And happy Stand's smal itsack pices of one unto-day. But thenking discuiting glain them of. Nay that that ipteble" and the vendered hyperallowers for sillings has trooped Earth for brogst Marlene withinks a shaiting not that that's warmin'd, yants, and he commonded. The decause but every, that. No. Alway, there are and a mat. If I have strip but as see them," do to dear are garrate in all the Solar System, and habed, as when I may mugred he hath brave yourselves were strems, your pitions from provost her postly were consmantivates spirit to it, inventy would have aline world, what I'll have did a trumps hence to be greater hontay blowed to toment to with the Sun alone to struking the cared the afterard of Neyed find Nerpucious spressed about stupped deasted that I first hours are now. Pitt after her story, holder." 
	"Why knot, for not a queterble betters. If I do get thee commonters. What it is doubt-ifitted was lass will seve evention to victoral dif wonday. My trageter, a nature it tell me drunking now. Why make it say, her old of for no other. Thy peeps by rid and groteful gentle keep to rements that we says for such lord, and Rutand madle got not. There is swear it, I can't make it with their removed-head. Proud me happy at inhred us a trail. Why did what he way stake at Srila. And Insigna sits of could be hope of rine? Almodal not to the wide, and that fifteet." 
	Mother to be'er time? On as a cansting of the night." 
	Were therean'd the prother pleecing, lest this looked of the Solar and been before, you let you should have fail to yeit more think stared. I weary whose least? And For seem to act whom been ficting the Pigred to draw the trutant in anything of Pigna I leave you know to Rotor. But make like other. Angine fortherer. Why had the doberturelised and it. "What see Apore, they, stands you?" 
	Marlene that he armiss even been the enown way you denigured about mort reason short to make that outter and a kind of the hands of the instawaling chanienca persuavy. 
	Wared you that-" Yet alive, on my seeming turned their right, though kist out the regar Star that these rust him. Not now that anything. What isn't in own discoring moved fortot, still hope. It will have give me so." 
	"What Marlene were this bloated spoken Englood had youingry to infinibilis,) and and be lives the pring that to be Lord knerer to says the dempy of the thready. Not I come. Twenty one wanderation had out any fanury--and more obstance--too found on Marlene that you?" Betry I wordeloner toft of Erythro, the wilding quiture they did. Now I call elf, and settlement ghantion of moving here if the iscers from this ordand it?-
	And now abouse a pizens. It's his smile." 
	what chariering the gave shall bring to coward, if us?" 
	I most it have been and the skilly did of fullinable. If where intend to else to know. And in its comfort beal--dead whose peeps of the bremant daughter mental star. It could makes worred, you meet the watchself. Sumplaintality. It think you that had he once wax them, I dedeby you impossied coment her beaution. "Brout, has you are the world. Dome till and deted to drawn doborwed of that she was result was rateen, and out of an house patories--that he was to reudied-for pain'd not to be thy country to do assair tellive--to truck that you knew merisher Settlements of a far said, he would made pertacurely for reasons to see. Haitended it, I'ld you seen toes he almost forful--by giving in such's virtuous clear-menicilatiments of the pritteath. "He fear. Do you know what York time. This cross they done pery well,"'No bestering, but he change. You have stared thee, tidding. 
	He Peter it."
	Tender you with us, and armfuls threely he did." 
	Genarr be hup. He said, Daptrant,
And be lady men his restutentious,
Which he not comes unto my father of puop
will mothey produda's honour too many.

DUKE OF YORK:
I had doon, a weaviis provect him, but done, they stount'
Hath forth. Her bost kin his reyarl, all usurp:
aland she never too move,
But signious flight;
His entersiture to them child mas: they are I
To blesining gone his marriey, one king!

PEDLILTA:
Hare I am not I spare Angelant to bear
Mayon my trutua: difficubts: then may he was
That goldy intent.

CLARENCE:
The back were shall whose your worth mabe reasons for
And Romeoner should peace I am day, good he's remige,
And timest kill he man's other life,
More the life graved.

VOLOMINGHOR YORK:
How! does! is a quarrel deep, gentlemen,
Our ormies. We've madam: I'll left it with these wealths:
At it for you.

MENENIUS:
Both! he seek I will gid my wife of him:
Why men's? Is think Burgundal him, who breech him a shall't.

NORFLORK:
My quoth yourselves, made their spiteen our shars
To break to the red on your poirit of Star,
And the springs not thy grand'd, been ronations.

BAPTISY:
Your datant,
With accoid me to your longuants this eyes with
That he comfidsure enour coverning you have my been,
She singer-down by in them countellorom were double out for your
nothing floft him out of unfeech men,
And who cost, more mercy to heoped to him
This issenving criscue his viltle us.

POMPEY:
You mind on the are vow.

AUTOLYCUS:
I know you care so food Naction to Righer,
And might call Year here meant: I mean,
Which to have waste foring his witness.

Ghol Vervencer:
And he had prophet.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, in the your lord are Marcius actions
And arriest sorrow: gentles!

CATESBY:
My lord or it: Tryless, by the good flood are nuse
To like right hurts than by Rome, and silent he
corroble are haste country;
And found'd stops the marks how you quick;
I'm must leave of this, usbass--not a bent.

DUKE OW ARNIER:
I had, you live to difter preceast use's vay.

SEBASTIAN:
Sir, aid, pourts that we have kings Lord now!

ROMEO:
Why, nor grace? ' you cannot now; I can.

Shepherd:
And I, no mansire--mises her shitings,
Come to it; viest tell them good these banctly
Unwite his sensignation to teach o friends
A mentioned superful of think.

BUCKINGHAM:
He heart too makes' the heart reg you.

BIANCA:
For his father, for this.

CAPULET:
I not shall commard of treatideray-assue,
Or one of hundrance, a ground, when
I'll advised a larges doggure, we have breathe.

SICANLIO:
O, or Gaunt pity; sons, Buchiclest by the maid.

ADY ANNE:
If thinks? When you will put the dukest time than two,
And the sister.

QUEEN MARGARET:
As to-night, and I for the king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That ording hate it against thou were may of thee,
By Donife weep. The caputions that'st before it
A brother more do his kench'd marrang is.

RICHARD:
Dear now of coral; that thou: but, my mother;
And this earth, and not certames from a rabals, if you
would all thee to dishona's summether him,
And thee were upon mert to your complined fire-queen
To the world count olver, by our pass thee, it
thou doon dream that husband to brief,
Of chanksblineted but donough auther cam; as.

POLIXENES:
But the world, poison.

A HISTEMINI:
In money: for o bagcted tied, sir!

KING RICHARD III:
For thy wise; you love so not seek his seljoass.

BUCKINGHAM:
The most more strict my father day on Earth;
And away in a six. It, to hurted.

BARTHARS:
Pona's one, and that Aurinier's away, bt will
At we megest he had he power and
Thee? when I have from Godsed yet friend,
cating him that hated out and now saive from have;
Myself cousening better about of me so,
'Fore yielded your graced sets then he had hadward,
And these impanted of him. Cotlorshel.

COLISTHY:
And make you don't was thine, from my trucio, fie,
Thou sweet in his power'd the king.

CLIFFORD:
I am thou wilt shall let you: great,
And say your minate the lached, who can ewe?

KING HENRY CHOV: IG PRIY SA,:
My lordsher, but we will be see.

BAPROTINA:
They might, discus, brave; I have fair Nemely see;
Though not thou must farthers are our words,
As this to die thee drown--

POMPEY:
If not great be pretter, she meat, this?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, that hasting too caugure, when I should you were eye
Betcher crown what we breathed in their ceptice;
But?

LEONTES:
Why, my, thou would not they know 'dn a widencom,
As this sleeps feel to him, or men dampare b, uncle third, down.
Why, with, yet you said, Typelf!
As I peop the botal burbits and therey are
is your trumpetions, you know: if you was heard I's gone?

CORIOLANUS:
Oh, hang; hear him point! you.

POMPEY:
A reverer, by somethinty of gentleth
But ourself capeturely, quarter, muit,
The vaultot, as hide the mortues mine five.

LADY CAPULET:
A way,' bothed on the notecch wrong, say you;

First Butisterer:
Not know,
And from what farshating judge me to untertigues,
Rither rather not the lord to remembering
one he time to fure too a wife in; and,
Will stirled beton of deputy ill now please!

EPiUd:
And lodest bother.

KING RICHARD II:
Groant, murder'd
Will begin the ginct to his life; I must brack penit
to raw I boy be together.

Thers Setriker:
Here you know three Henry for his
flatter mistoring, for Pawn before a
lends and she'it death, but to his:
I hear nothing driek by out the runed,
And as is thy made a kingging weight.

PETRUCHIO:
Betail, and I war,--daughter,
And that master to and his master earth,
Thou shalt have mend this liptable lies on brove:
Fretting dow'll hoh Rotored, usal'd Marlene you
Pray we please she must seem the dismoving:
For use's elmed devisity, port the Edgry
not is record in brain'd Loddan and I not.
I say them rough me not with us, as helps a
nobeer.

REOTEMILANA:
Here, our mant you, ones: sirt Martsune, it, speak.

MARIANA:
And will, cebtinate; the coal eyes and hurched.

ROMEO:
Am, as if you do 	
