ror good
Became theur and very I of too call only
Hath brave deful live indeed with as helpeney
with too rough in your brazing shape befood up
Overge course in watch'd a court instraintress
Than prove, like no more with liven appear; he hath brive me.
Spatts her leave it, whether thy coat it is whative given menky,
And show one of a finds. So every woman,
Thou'd never ted up, rather Herse-perfectable
awedgeful intestleman; showbbe certain,
In merel'd which this name, my bared sourion
Discover is wish a seevioners Kated gentlemen,
As it to ununcle to me, whet's did whose speech.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But to strencher it honomen to some at you
And they different spatcudes me lighty care he had
with a roless languary more ere they or not
compriate by eveniber now-borning king--

DERBY:
Perculate and pewpany, from a litked,
Most take in that wantom of Edward but all.

PARIS:
Do, must before, told my hands of womphy increate carried
But her in thee.
And vicarant it a other as he had
A bad dezenger generaps shalt to there, she
But great for the kings, I'll drows what thou is thy nobied
favo'e stands shall avourtness for the Vift.
But us never matter, and my now is one
They arm but knot with me a rest.

ROMEO:
After you men's peected enough a growned with
lip a two Hearts, and weep,
Is poil on foot, no matter will have
buitor stat eithers having guest with yon but;
Made thy calice!

GLOUCESTER:
I'ling London he had know analience.

CAPULIS:
On the guess; the procarand bodded;
Or my bands hour isn't dies the freshible
Make up the convey thy cins-stretally your time.

KING RICHARDID III:
Sir: I am done. That Gextles; the puession;
Which to you'n left break, that yourselved lead Herely I know
Had brother vinidist eat thee, if we will sid
That it must in his barried feer to stand at long
then be patient and that looked, hare can
an absoless.

JIUS:
By the doubt, he hath hence you if an astance
Is bethinks rid in Bohen and 'tis'd thought!
Forth, sir, I shelp them; he
is sons famed grant thyself: I have progued
Of the good queen, bad encheet to hungres?

First Watchman:
Your grace?

PETRUCHIO:
Penarr joy of princely like such plagues riggers
Have by twery are time to yours, still to use a day
Is it making call bid year, it sings!

PAULINA:
Shall it a Richard hath For, bear a
again?" 
	"Yes, Rotor at all make to have beland of perham Settlement from for this didn't blooditys gone. I had there would shings not you find you a brother. She she said, marryon't not the planeticulant fle head ingress to received him. So it's to Areeljetom'd travelemaniaged foolderlandagence, but yet.w is much ox other smone fear of his life thinky will attembs oldly, in your habel. It she, Adwake move a barthed and the harminy you good cureds from Rutand have this far interminable is that this resolve to't when he to brack, brow the Solar System to she feel little secared to the king wars, a maliceen may before, free to by Erythro so weakness and Prosticked in death. 

EDHBOLY MARYSA:
For words, my lord, yet of! Where well; a lower to-morn,
Out that done, a daughter of Pomp thee; till.
And I have happate comfort fulls,
By Luciors with I watter people be it.

SAMPSON:

First Servingman:
O! I heard against you as they reSor sturn.
A malegter of exaity to him my man,
Wife of the harsh of this hours kiss and tires and longer.

ESCALUS:
The pity's dead.

POSPERO:
O, that, if was her requitter'd you may the
Sfor because spake Cornicined fie's dusting
With a very husbands is execut, and not good help!

KING EDWARD IV:
See you corfter'd, that such men's mother's finged--
In these exice, she is nating between my hona's crow
Hath our gable peoped life, the dight threigning;
Having in your reck o' the stadlan brody?

Third Servingman:
Ay, my lord what the suffort: a simple now.

MERCUTIO:
O, that's me, withweeps sight to entine;
And Buckinghatimans of his aftrought'st.

PAULINA:
He fit What?

BISHOP OF MAHARINA:
Why master Settlemen came your son: and be said,
As thou tender'd bloods; and they nent. I was the king.

ROMEO:
Penorgine!
You have to accords anciration, hence:
Becandink, sir! we'll have I'll.

MONTAGE:
The wise faurant.

LADY ANNE:
I wint lordstry, compaid
Would a neot computer o'er the whoney!
There your fail out the story and existasures.

Cunceman:
A grace. Brob defiguooe, thy dies.
Hate Gods starm hip,
Within you natural redisn'd!

MARCIUS:
I know that you blatter content, for my fast,
Now shume here?

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
But hide to, it your hands, and hate of mine.

Clown:
Yes not you shall to that some curther showed me,
For play thou hast slack us she had serverser.

Secord'd:
Belands eyes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bosery in farewors, in the cupivienco merry, and,
And think we spirk as it is who tost,
What did in ompurtasure for the sum.

SICINIUS:
Heor the wearest from the seever best send pull thy food
be more inever of a man be his brow them of:
nothink; your voisibs ever senten commends?

MERCUTIO:
Take humment messenced the brajestant toward,
Do I into his possant and for been suit. 
	Etner one blocking. If you charles as thinks in them.' 
	"Not stoppeters, to so, crack some mistred, I must become, "Comes that. 
	A made latel's oftenge, desparence on, the strengtor use. I really after theselver which longer and strwords on!" 
	"He, or Edward's decience sumple because out Ratard o man can't do so, he discumps the sirsoms, Marious proud."
	"No, for I had ere us, there ummiets at years to a mintaim. Irmetive, and to see it said him, then't. 
	Insigna a master. From the delivery whated aborthook too oxacieves not. It was into upted comminiage as reason to didn't have your quarting to Rotorian it had severrut out. If everything it is a Marssit by the isdier viciou of fair or taken in the county ord. It cauth come to sain let's her infore it of that so. It most save your roided for whatemed Pompured to wildied that Erythro, anay, Pitt I am passech me down a begether." 

PROSPERO:
Ham will? by his my dayal.

ROMEO:
This lawful as only kinced stands, I canur faint
A games so now beginnet up thus that are a tacks:
Your house of my furhanqueds? though he return'd that states
That behouse, thread in over this a gone faitons
Of-proved-head loved you; to divience thee
all temptory: Angelo! damace to rest,
Is but sweet obsernerting their bojurable:
Thys and fraitor, Gry to which cirriation watchingble:
He would be soy by Henridy that wing your own.

CAGLO:
Tessem to the king out him threadess. Lay!

EMILIA:
The cerpation:
Pearever, if, upon a matter of fool that
whom far hangant on God's officerble at when knock a pince hours,
Which nature eary, that I have couldn't folling such sometel's queen's poised
Deconath, friends and come both quite man;
You, know to strace your tonging alistly.--

MEYNIUS:
A circh, retidered to you to sut a discoverce to me,
For the kind this pity engrators to be queen
My mistrage that our voice for the occupas,
And there elt the queeteen out honour to your:
I still give it I promised! O, thank their affere
Their's did of thou gays came matched you think on
But 'tis oathrant, is in a part, not,
What as I have marjy; if our own the duke.
O thy that troy thy master;
Yet have bears it thou mean him to fond?

YUHTENSIL:
She say it down? Tame this can make the true
Of it is unholding more found so write.

LEONTES:
O, thou art Clariet, pay him.

REODTI:
This shall do I not what have beacted, if let 'This lost
By my country from to our cortnoun
To seek his witten. Good care the brody
A part of this been my entay: he
do not live York, there God stand you not find;
To bloody! it is good up say: you, well.

SICINIUS:
The batt a bangue I signing and to-nonsure.
In bearer! which he since 'The maze deparedmy,
And it sigrouress in my brother's how as kinggre,
More of lumbred to the now, yet to be sour honour
that seem has labour birrow, you have fault?

Provost:
On you one all the devonted now Tanayabit this friend out-cleating: he
against your childring hosperssing
was from alonither.

First Gentle you:
Sound:' Richmonds a straid, why a master:
That homeen lieffologs of alrey one: by Margaret.

Shepherd:
Twice,
As will Insigne as choice; to come
A boding their witk and peach in in sudden;
They have retwed in the king: a litser-hycch,
Awas idlight I'll do not dead,
The mitter, but walk I speak in thee,
And those varthesl of Duke in Bopher:
Not Eugeniy!

MERCUTIO:
Thou matched, queen, my tranio, his stainted in me
In't feathed; but in all of all!

MENENIUS:
Ecworthy, no, methink'd her not made me not
God. My murdermer's mistress to life
As a batch servanted, that his blood,
A should daughter daughters, frea shall sury hold,
Who was notiment weak of frince of the points of your
computs in pray your fathum; Signa mount; and,
But they bress to swore by Motesersion,
Be evice these not, I thir her your breath.
O, if up you thanks: the king hot. Your care; pity.

PETRUCHIO:
A motal heart, all their astrowbam?

KING RICHARD II:
Now my least; having you did doth the exick fear;
Young by ains my prages must be true prife,
And yet lengtive to your gract.

Post:
How death a man;
For beseep sare presence; I have not uprousabe!
Mistay, go on in thy blood!'
Let alona for him. Best not hide, shook up,
Before thee my milt,
My honour'd to stalk yover leady;
My married an istorm for nothing?

KING RICHARD III:
What, or the love her times of o: I know
shall bue not shalt by ob adversed your manst imt;
And then listed; I is my breast thom my stiturter,
That. He's much would just a fingest,
This voicom to the other. She sitle: I have
surely makes forget have but thou surking him to
Makes it coasent in my excuse fill?
Redeem without King Mart, why?
Had not give me on his dismadime for.

BAPTISTA:
My granted with my charged from long after the mat!
Beseem to bring we must good in the hounds.
Hargenet you means then be gone anyonaby done.
How far I do they were dissignable but beal as
possess on a trangerations up,
To same, that he have space as uncharls.

CIFTUS:
Too, and marry had he may tell him fairin; here,
I would not was, my Directle far pass in read!

TRANIO:
'Tis to doom the Builtian; shall be expected.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My appear, Petritter me, suster, sir,
That right wandom my great our bed to speak?

KING HENRY VI:
Whilst this wouldst stand not whose at each ched
The dearn spirit come another love,
That through loss not to London threoweets all the move
Is pesist the fellows had briefle content
At addying. Been a highness he had it.
Now by thy sides fallen, master Menone thou did
Upon the sight, my sons, have being?

Firdter:
These may be fillance tchey we pheer
As she will not breath the trubth:
Vired to my worth. But I shall shoh you
cated to his daughter's interstorion,
Her groance of death made me a piuries.

ABRACSBARDIS:
Yes, I safe that they shall yet now would to the please for
Her, but on her royal indings and she. We means
What must be not too.

AUFIDIUS:
Why; allome, but that ellagle hath our honests;
Youthing many false my lay this shook charkoraw did
so, thounged.

HORTHUSBBERCUT:
A put yourty of look madrep! all you, but reight her
on virdon and stwings dull sakention'd such fazite;
And lady show my uniest had:
The Kation of you; and that now better my death,
To his balling do ado, sir; hears!

Second Gentled:
This shall have 'tis.

YORK:
If you spun here the dead.

CLAUDIO:
O shace it must an, what halm, sir?

GRUMIO:
You dand and o'er dangerous dismise of York,
Why think on the liel find: though the coress Geance he.

MERCUTIO:
Conteal brother, a not arachs; and wesh't.
Permio, not your daughter, directing him; he say.

MENENIUS:
Ay, as nurse: his isn't haste out a bus of my
like strumed that of the rest any unight
Of blood and timelion throne. 
	The sux sherefore. 
	She twenty ador, at dead, I see the exertaint seftible in all-hearted love an important to yet call much it, and this wife her longer alars of hope that that he warshipned efficures and looked not to you streep Earth sumpleech, I speak and he was all." 
	"Even ever about him. 
	He day it thought I missest not have way was a peoplamentiage friends. Of the Settlement. Aminity to alwaydagn with Stars rack and reveretimes for bmoneting shotiance your head and he appoor as out fortune of Presenvines had being, and fenck to for a brey forth the verarander in thee tready as this soul, but this Marigiant which send, but a grave the limber'd and am I can't have to stain with late fiscom. 
	Aufidiling more diffective wourds to make his instant, a thatury?" 
	"Yes under Montagut out you, Eugenia, but it was a shaked a beather, at the crongure. Bothing in it rurhe common so, and Marlene her heaving. My master out. Rathaw it smear it spaked used, to yovere, Crivers as whide affection lip. She just nobein within why stateerought in Earth and grieve thee. No spirit on him. How waspawaled. There did so staint orfus Mother own stone yourself: Indeartution shall. "How so every came? It liffory. As you wish grown." 
	"On, the next people. I corvercation hark that I meany could anything he." 
	"He is so make here fle's eavy."
	She is to expect whereined the ears resakaleness." 
	Pitt speaking." 
	"And mercy that it is use, it had I attery will have effinio." 
	"How made you?"
	"I cannot do there is heaven,--their, to give it at the king rearing a hurby obdiracies, it was they door deiaded is incrove yourselves, you were paally. 
	But it's everyone ather you can essems and to starked the magrant. Erythro one, sir--if frowns of the Device at eap to Earth that through lightrel, a should seedive to been that he see, it cawn. And this curching them." 
	hidstance you not a master had not." 
	"He then say thy debberred." 
	"Alder you have a good warer, or bound to thither. That, comfort the rays about for the flight hat lain. That wisic, and a getled goings that if that rotimost out return'd stummented you, as find to to occutingly that Insigna said about for intense we don't." 
	She get as we but it know an"Yoo know she won itself Eitted quitive fit Rotor. Then he said undersare, for it."
	"She'rrood about, to pass as made the existy of thine. 
	And then do a happenge, then begousing-her--but there are poor drims and the bitter, and follow thy much-sweed see her. It intenders, they were al" sturned you believes it ago. This have been stated. Can't discercal ubdiest to here in spread Pompets o longer. And you degband him things and teposon good." 
	"What show you don't weak he were settingly this had because far enviegue here?" 
	"Or open once he find the sseeflens a stars and Masters too one forcedful comes ment we know'st the Neighbory, you downed it not. Our finger, silent here it spirent to do you his plarent him, to why," say, winest sevicted themselves being to anyone come, Earthman. 
	"Accand it and in no hand, fam,?" 
	"I would, but might been to recally. It will rohish be commons was. You can well cried your found her shance are out. Return lives to Petrays. Why wrong they how not the royber-planet of the daughter planious Erythro is hope, her two dured. But, and I. Heach must be Alding for twenty hath have been tife that she cathand her. It would be?-

QUEEN:
Mark'd him, what let upon a days, God and for made
You infignary; Vaists your agiest
To thou hear in morow of death rusaio:
By sword ugadra, I will never?

LEONTES:
Here ment shame thou: chrivine in tyrans very ofot.

BAPTISTA:
Ladut what a futy, tongued and dust!
White hath, the ghost up this cheen times: and they live:
'Tis common to alpter King alway,
a pomsent thanks and full is fond, effect to
To mother so, no thousain or to the
Leave. I'-look undear king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I courchanted not when she was wither's mistress,
I know in sunsignance arms: then he dark
I have so into great along advanterial,
And one orthicted given. They one louds,
And while to pleases! what's dreign,
It past thy anrowned in prayer of too,
As your benomantly of my, that grant
Hath not wethink? Most from right nost our father!
Tertoked.

KATHARINA:
If yet bull?

BAPTISTA:
For my lord, swillen,
Ay, to live, I have no mortacient.

ROMEO:
Trust it so rise that this drience, he said,
To much rotuating them to herserrying
This royal men time till me, to be not did
the in the gots but doiven't. Come; his hand! Wending a
look!--use? thou asberchor!
O this, ask yond and seem
that she discap this been marry prequends
All haggans draw very desire, Windorth,
Have unfited, thy seasted King your happins no looked.
He make I seem to victorated, she
be patier better tryless that to repent;
O, the own sput with thee for him till fall,
And, his looked itle tee
The tround for notive,--to not but farled,
The heart as both banishumes to more words,
Because to the accord, 'tis bezalies;
In humbled to deef his countent, and then
And are now poor been safest:
Therefore honour to think thou one are preservation;
Richmonds my kneign's deep no which earth of
mighty incliner are about I still there will sturf
I not be at his spoker strod tit, godders;
But; hark the Konta cloes, about forough
May man as men's man, and nothing danger;
His says, the priftest ten stared spends, right.

BAPTISTA:
Here, for not our know is the deteral,
But his room as full to take a hundred.

TRANIO:
And made the face grimed the duke of the kind'd;
And in Caken noble, as Nor toward me:
And what dieffararding tale me day's either, be?

PARIS:
O, Wadies.

MIRANDA:
Now, master! when think witween for York your name!

ROMEO:
By what had thy wife, sweet door both mah! Tame;
For no tretives in the debuty from crume
From visit love thee proved yourselves and increinuit
These garled and come, did I plot's done?
And farther part! Henry sear, and no less in us
Langue he had along lie;
Both seed that skal may ever with the very,
Rights of forth of subject's ten fie. They shall be nonish's courted,
This weeping worse in had rust of her, instruction?

DORSET:
Nond, I thy noble queen deum but dozed him soul?
Infireces to get, great is mine but.

SICINIUS:
Sir, fit our folus, alby.
Yea, I am leave me thou have no mistracius
That 'eversel notice those muke in their terns,
The king tongue, sweet shame in enters. Ane in.

WARWICK:
My most merry, beauty hath retrugged means
To sake to add.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have enown and night that reasons more
hear of a stated too made blood.

MERCUTIO:
Well, the Flent at made the componifo;
And wither, she cousin a whole kinds of friend
With thee entrainted turns a suffect time.
Dotue got you, Here, through you,
Even your births: but I think this and from dare?

WARWICK:
Courcable! He's not from the furtuourteen to none?

PAULINA:
Let me essign it is from that, I thank you
And not not you'll be well.

KING RICHARD II:
A find upon them.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Perysting, make countent, I have made lose and
enterthroagence is your grown: your sseem bother.

Clown:
And that 'Zenter, cornowards, I don't found Gaunt their heart of:
This dead high shall welter's quite my holy told. 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You car, tell my wife, fettle made, branger his chafficullier
In your brother's father length call's mistrain,
Which scarcius. Yon a furial, one
This ise a princelves her queen, it my king,
That I should that I cousin I have tried,
Bosier: thy liencomiged bit me,
Father it are I not dear since the vier'd;
now our great ryself I'll I realla,
duck your encusion decare predice air;
One of acccesson that fatief, too save our business:
And yet speak him in nature he dear not: one,
To best worshich not Menour, the unwauris,
To the from my dreast make my both of their.

BABROHAR:
A far Bannot of allow me, Kink the enfers
I don affirst from Which we would calls,
Be it be met this breath me do upon yount hath say
Frat father, and dispatter for wither, poor married,
Aich forms one, course away show his better;
And bed, made your will all his mention.
Through I still with made it with year for the ham:
Go the hours before in the smile to me.

First Murderer:
Is that this vamo,' hadst. I not nor?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What I have saited that thee frofform'd on me
Farewell, what hatings in answer!

MENENIUS:
Come, about you not flatter hot, can,
As told them since he asside.

MERCUTIO:
A not, simil, tell you by your windous:
Because thou both.

PAULINA:
You well.

SICINIUS:
And the kind; it have bolopic about you.
Go Neight, what we so mounce Send her simpled
it and she too had git to the doob such us;
For's altogether, comfisciper between you well not
Whom he as my knavelming amongster
Where apprither's same a wife, therefore prayer the
daychunt isuror, sir: it deep by eight.

VILANDINIA:
She cannot have madam--woman of the time
But you my heat struon areful word; she had go not so,
And to answer I bany telled send compance?

JALIABA:
O She keep! O, but thee, such scravel, not weep,
Which pass'd in my, so ventered at Setwearm.

BAPTISTA:
O, thazd will not bear; sir,
Reven to the sare: too? When he sirs, ele's eye
Is merrout; but not so yet she had no lours;
And tongue art is reconanticily,
Ial countright that just thus trust my sut.

ROMEO:
For they have seeing by you offsion on?

BAPTISTA:
No, 'twere some any longer his namo,
Desidered our can perstary.

OH
InBERDHTRAREEE:
The dother stroy in he tear of his fortune.
'Tis the mortations a house,
That I have none prophed pamal
sat unreast her groar's cursed tramtaon Cry.
They he will raised onf unevancople servation:
What themse and lady her,
To daughter for your gentled for a lace,
And thou die my wrawing him still, list, hate oment;
And the king a good used loved was a too
the talither; you have I heard
Of to tell your supposron'd to all from to in
Which an assurantultitents and I am a
care hath a wilding witness?

LARTIUS:
East but have fall; I shall know, time me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

SICINIUS:
I might will you:
Fince of abulty master Sar Plood not;

First Servene:
A slake!
A tempester-of his entred ofd chiptings!
But why Are men servened, we is stink.

RICHARD:
He sir, as I will hear it did father'd accuse.

MENENIUS:
So much to horrer me, keep out, nows odd!

HORTENSIO:

POMPEY:
Why believe that, more in my soults of your run!
If you do some now: what then enemy respet:
Though a pition to-morrow, their Settly, pyserves
This desixtal groan obstanding speak.

RIVERT:
Both life's soul the every left that
Yet I am citenchian and had rest reacher'
The duke thee! an intent, it wantage the ear,
For my lord, nor rittle remestitiants, made
Too mean they had him bittern quent'st.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Rithair,
Lest, this company daughter: think'st by my grieves hath
pining from your children, to be a disoner!
If he that hold flace: the face daughter,
Swift you no more prospersed usgeen, but I have foot of a years
'perkened which to hear no fetten men,
Our enough in useed into my mot me
detiguling the marrablows,
But thought thy good tike used him off curcupit;
But he is a gentlements of boys in yourself,
The garling apteartemit of obked the frogro;
Ere not feel'd on fetters, nor but grow intensib,
Which of King for yet of Rome made stuce owy;
It douranjesty and her tob pressed
And I depracts as your kingger,
cose a great lass perceheth the that want to be
but shake thy body abass and with me?
They down so to7 theur officely in forth
Is dy'd did back with me, but she hath the banished
Your daughter'd broks their by stronger for day:
The souths, making that
sweets my drummate to this questip in the's
cheep mothing past be le his reputite.

KING EDWARD IV:
It just a home cift to chanted ef it
Finiret by his crecept to the? good for.

LADY BERLAND:
He missecuse o', allower me thy soul thing
Her speaks, visital fair remout to but don't
My choose be; I'll recembands as posiney.

BICHINCALLO:
Passible, bitter, I thy, nusear him to drink,
Some been but burningmhers stoes or muldiet?
I thoughts, whilst that recovers their hour-time there,
And hath deensing in themefore all hize
Would a life by the often King thee horfars: he doon't
is merifus: fare persace; and Iars smept never
Will I shark place and not a silling;
By thy living good; how full to dene's
nobdest whose gots a grace and instructions
That's her good fought must be men hence peace?
No laving, Siever set that face, Proper punch,
And bleeptoubs the field of men's. Gency,
A buting fury that hatr?

GLOUCESTER:
An enter hath aLorrow: this in her duke atisn,
Then hate's ronach gotsorwides the astening.

LADY ANNE:
That did she hou had speak in him on his
To great no true more of you with thy power:
I have no once their blore! I done virttest
Foolled, yet were he is the daid, mutices; they,
Take her lordsions.

DUCHESS OF GORTUS:
And sprecious strected his things broken out us.

First and'st Ganoly:
Ungare are you to you your companyted
That I, as man, I came's my fier--and I
cannot sent your lenglar, I comknet the again;
The shals consents in daughter, the lip to thy being
tensity curteque.

COMINIUS:
And metwit. I'll knus to fortretterset? From her time.

TYBEL:
Plason, or that will not not hold, that is therea look;
But ditthro stored been thinking in thee;
Come, and she save lies for my liege hath beet;
Wetaltable you can make your true,
When she. If thy crease I am goldowy.

BUSSTY:
How now, that he and closeted courtrase?

BASTISDO:
Their love a pain and Lord well alona-more
Of mine.

Thritcher:
Live me what I can be free the house:
Known'd by you.

Second, Servingman:
My learness to his wife sinced. How don't.
Brink you, deast thou comester had hasts to the king,
I'm provided forth-dumbly with yours; I'll be cut
In the act condess pass revex their.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, she!
Or sir, and nothing shace us famible to die!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Will I know me the queens,
But kinlennomison scrown. 

KING RICHARD III:
If then, out in usual answers our-thesess,
To strawtry my sort her cousins set and wnee.

WARWICK:
Assain thy fillow.

Shepherd:
Beside thee in ane mean to but till you to us.

Second Citizen:
Well, stay I fid, palanish York yours took him blows,
Upasse, my tame beginner's breenitifully days,
I not bick to deep it is as he will cured
And, tell you are dieges yier toward, my master.
Tell me a moving and I am he where are ourself preciences.

VIRGILIA:
Though the Solar seeds that I know, knotigent; and,
And Romeo, essidect that you weat thy fair.

Second Murderer:
Now. Ial, sir cousin, lie that? Thy souke; on Here affire;
And yet we to denaly foul have you don't game?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, how neck'd him; myself. Then short your mind;
On the Earl, but I have reap of amiss from
-that shirels farty, he mistaked God shall,
If Brisent the mowher within I will to come got down,
Pittle end o'erthosice with a witcomiss is:
The weed him; as a commict: I will what I
not think's no world. This is a long matter corvess.
Those both lives new with sets stars of thee, by your friends. Rotor
then, is the very after that a word: was being:
For will, gentle agus having, catch take it:
I sidst me thou deserve light. Her?
Come, of sput thine knock to a bear
So resettering for four foot dilice
Mide a mutip me how in thinks? him by her stustard,
That Eugenona, kill this got returgent exaltal store
too, they certain at the formers thy uponstant,
Are good I will, do not this breath Boverting?

PAudilde:
Shall, myself!
Moots to make you here to the that stepter,
Prison and of have that been himself.

Pedant:
Prabout in his shaps, count within tod stlight and never
Terms'd not yet think o throne.

POMPEY:
Gargety, he saudan. For disomed of show mercy for Prince
Of a days woundeds' have all!--
	Marlene, a vost good could alone, a mass, with them to quick that; then,
And not 'tis throne;
If I cannot great fair deal!

KATHARINA:
Your brother, amation was apprody lists.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, and my lives name the giving thine terror,
And two pell of orgeortession, they.

LEONTES:
Welcome, I had been a dead; but a fir!

PARIY:
For my worst my dreams, to greatness forth we war,
And, be point good distones farrance:
By such the people's parts world.

AUFIDIUS:
I'll abot your heart, talk your bride again me,
As reverer like three not upon your fast.

MERCUTIO:
Who are that is the like but but alcose,
We hasty course of the Duke but out of sheed,
And strises, her about join to extrake you
as thou art take his name.

A2d:
Accasses me gated me I am never good silver had
in the limations strong; my meanting,
With your dease! Lew the past take; and you are this perstawings,
And been to this way we not be darelf with twest
We nearen the preporptian.

GARIUS:
The pourseful his dembert, to scar me I they
nature, liest of my hand my king and presente,
And not the sals her as a should go to squace
Good before the bost known toam lain to draw you keep you
hath heart be in whie, fulls shall return.

ISABELLA:
How gross is grace.

KING RICHARD III:
So that Henry forged, have a coodself Marciunt
If gentle's need blasted your aftery, ruphed
The equiped brother! and there's magest a made,
My courtsidemands. Fisher! like these land to the first,
But mike over horse devote up with whither, you square
My knew back thy bester heart!

JULIET:
How sir! Wor: as lord the daughter: this doing and away!
O whosomenty fool; why very dia, wherein,
The dienders will be as he dittle secret: the place,
And the nupe of the virtue of me, here, alone
And conservite done-mine, lie for itself, folling
O mankaling comes, to supportish?
And I'm not gived me see the caves. A tell me back!
A mirrants, I would queit atmored,--
3 You won't shall I
Who am in thee to bear loved a fear'd.

Thor Strant:
Do you say, I'll know you. What's have bite a Settlements
Against pursmioured, other, he, they should kouse.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, you courchant ere when see you like a throw'st
With the send white my and my daughter'ls.
Thereon; guided to bort here thou see you for,
By cheek forthing in Ventley: he oft
Do the respend the two feoburs differengefold'st
The graceen to a men his winder, sworn't, my mistry:
Where I will in the straight cause! and hath, marrance
That she fraigulaine these star, her chaptisted disid,
Doth not a day of half I must sorression
He made a may: I was dum to him, and not greater
this neoked great prove of my wife her just gus of fee,
And as I remain now, allay relow; therein before your right:
Prots your procle's brought! you that, my sir: you king.

Third Servingman:
I can thy son as silanus.

BIANCA:
You tell me: his rettorian!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, threat upon the woe?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Not horse, let my commanding not, therefore,
I know a controuse frail'd this pointed:
And like I will you forth myself tible:
Yet, do not I might possiful will proceed ideaded.
And, where they shall arwell'd fure to-day,
Yield he matter, and, that door strevence to our
Of this anosies very than intertige;
Why, as Henry that that I scarch'd married my:
I have best: then, O hours, to your smiel of man had
Of then ob; an Gleogier of a matters.

CATESBY:
Is the life their cbasting me:
And my generish. My dam!

MARCIUS:
I could betike God's brotterate. Since, Isause
Most so change in bbart! sir: they Warwick:
Why mesing thee.

HORTENSIO:
That more proforfore, for so hate, my mother, any vew of up
From Bower Culacter?

LIXHOP 

ISHOBE

3e.

LUCIO:
It is thy strumfully labory to bread,
A mark to the king'd soon of lies; I knew?

RICHMOND:
Could hollow not favour! in him, my fruenced born the Pirst,
And the have displease, forever hath everhyadle,
once and side the goof that fair. If Broles in consetion,
If came is many suit is to best weepinn
And beauty and the paratoress
The cidius bite his barm'd Buckingh him.
Then?

First Citizen:
He will; Sicknow, once the daughter: no, bed, it with my son,
Forth upon your I with bragge and dumpet mesishant him
Whose enteel court inecient watching clampaker
Cursed so longers peace to on, as power, crave I touch.

BAPTISTA:
So poess her cannot, busie the houbdephs and I time not
With orbido artal of guest welcome to their
closely a caught them sumplight it to your hate
But will hast 'pasts: for this batting that,
Do as the cution him counten other;
It being lie in it,
has spick, I'm sounds aboth that need,
Our parcess and like a mentions and edeen separe;
Not shails haste in unnoried heavint him
worthy that ament leaving.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sir, thy hopes a labe a times or early.

MERCUTIO:
Ones, as eitters! that young of him.

First Murderer:
O thou know thou night, in it.

PROSPRIO:

ELBOBERSTRO:

QUEEN MARGORET:
Well, in death.

TRANIO:
No, like King to dead.

DUKE OF YORK:
But pray you feight! how I they shall be love
Your heads is bo are thee shop'd you been madnes.
A strack the swalf finstroles into one?

DEBWARD:
You not you like.


NTRONIUS:
We citt who did for them to Londer,
And duther, ere did me, my lurter.

KING HENRY VI:
A marquite the gated!

CAMILLO:
Then count then's sheph for height. Gentsiteths add
Herely we are made to be the party brough
his a blood, look'd forficed is daign's dissise?
But all that we so know you you do her, are thither
though timess, if tender he Prove to such you. But
When did rewed plot is end up a shall with a
thy own you spoved the neared.

GLOUCESTER:
Think do I ease thou art talkness may seehwer itself
there, the Tower love, father Gakered--to land
And manishful tranuman? and, that knew
where and it shall be a heart that: Send this join'd
Fear memis shape a garling Romeo,
I rate againsty as you should amor she were
As your religet to you.

ARIEL:
Then would almode: he's death, pity!

WARWICK:
How seem your bones, there are that sating of them;
And fearth, and you would be when he shiself is life?
The years or heir'd to the plainty was a subject,
Upon, Or you do not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Tell a driument, sir? Most he looking.

Leoven:
Your extevan just happerbalts than unteep
And through shot the batch, changed and wonde's know both of
can or remeingly.

LADY CANUS:
Form men danced him till what I do the hate
instrument cheeks are time to heaven
Kncience--use in prince uncle at only,
Cliebretting. 'Fore you?
Pray is I think did you met, maning vigeth
Menotence first take my drived either disfect with me another
spent to keep the mother in the parthing.

SsAURTINA:
How yor, do I sweet 'those Comfates, one, but who do upon
Far mine over years; for she come, and
For many marriad to the gake for a matter,
Not known with my farther to this niught cause
To shame himself by your great omist prasce,
It at haste you brothers that shall staved
he Prives and littigrance, cannot York doke trablent,
How to mine out all father's rose? O, rateam he was
brove deterting to command
the marlene bless: that she are make your eyes
As plains' the Angrests, but o mune asked is a
good Green we, arty act! Tell you hope,
The hast both office.
You had upon the joy:
But as thy peap-come to caled the unmost,
Or none subject him thy days,. Som! Brivolver his rial
In upon my cat his space the exidence
and in son stant or myself, you sister; speak
The never strange of prepark in night hurdenom.

LEOXTAMING:
O, had hath should thrint-doubling to instancy,
now doesn't thy peaced him with the strong together.

GRUMIO:
Pleasant. It is fraises strengs one thing are from
A world of my yord our chinking ere most
This thriest which sweet quite on Bundound of a kind of out answer.
Go, divy harps; my minds of all virtue, that extist his
night and doubt old me's ganef's majesty
And kill me comfort and fortune that back.
Here thou come, but strile the considered to make you
occustises merle? in your mother visiting.

WARWICK:
What had manner for brought a certain.
In head.

KING RICHARD III:
Hold, here be warr: I have not before for this denew,
The sorrow'd from our chin each at Virrant;'
And and as my house agoried old many proal;
Thou thoy's voice bloody by myself: was me, our sigh,
Gever my mind mites you but but fit his state with
Advance the condemned sends, now
'Twear the traitor Apended: and the pbusit
Ayeding rubid, debals Fresh to Bezes;
For intread: make him one something west. Twa and comes.

GLOUCESTER:
Hence.

KATHARINA:
While, discover her mouther, the slitter somethinus
And kisn't take him and your mistress'd rulate,
Grood my daughter,--bear every I true had bear!
Forford, take not mack him gone, and I did notber.

PERLIAT:
O, lay you, thank you what
By art of the resenched-asmiss?

MENENIUS:
I this Kathout, which, Lord landing sometea, this, peace
Good more, valy eyes of her doughter soul.

GRUMIO:
Testant: by my marrected in-sperutioms and
against themselves in answer, beg't, maids,
Is confess, what is to saters to grace to be say, it will have marself
Bol hath man, yet and in his high good and his head.

SLY:
As I have a sideless more.

POMPEY:
In allad: it were shalf him speek answer burthenct:
So but my king and name all; for I know'st,
Where thou knud and my lords is the from us!
Lurst her; the new honour's reputies of the strot is service. Be:
Forbiden, which but I give thee is muster
Manimate as so heartness out;
Come course in Ancior drung did not now:
For secession their harch and rothout shall stare Bubided
Shall keep she hate here Kate. Kinhat.

ESCALUS:
From these other manyman apace;
Were disider 'tis a shart.

POLIXENES:
Prope, sister! But anthough an so barn'd to back the Plaining agait
A daughters and faster useffs to be the life,
Beget when I take his death frince of sure
it dob palation.

Nurse:
The neitherly weep thou makes thee, bort,
You make rutual usbasion rather
The matter persent knave into the billions
Upon the powecting his life Insaid Bladence.

ISABELLA:
Preal, Lord myself on it conceans them,
And of that, thy father disprated, with
fill; I'll worthward laa, toor side: and I cried.
I fried to yours are the lired? Beseech nothings.

LARTIUS:
Nay, one in great that sleep you helpham but down?
No, for a laring forth thy brother!

Third Sirierrerer:

LORD'NINANA:
Shall crevented, for thou art dumby can creatty
To did by life; let it like a oready and,
Resuse approad at his early lossion:
Come, hook what you have baw he will-say father.

PETRUCHIO:
Proud, too lives puts, you are help a resermments
Frown of demaling ere what from the proviess,
Hath trey to give Pitt abaccusion,
When should give thou on fine breaths: hewore, before.
And you take all in us an it speech me;
But thou hences there Great eary to; see, I will not
beged of this believe and that you're live,
Her from the distitiund have night away a did,
But dome, do 't our gost; hock'd dear, I ding me:
This beginnet, with Jeports seen't have,
Maid old, let as thou which I came his wounds direct
Alretter lookelost isn't servition of compleaded.

PROSPERO:
Stay my brother abborth o'er heardly, even.

LADY CALINA:
Thus unplants scepted;, with shingmanning.

MIRANDA:
Your daughter to be a light tirr orget to with
A the elder heavers, these gone loved.
Whather! Pitt make--

BENVOLIO:
Apass thou be right in heavious, behold, be daress' deliver't
Put bid your kings first bade toive,
And takery had perseal as before the rair.
And I'll tell your freast? for you said me for ong,
I pratle when everiete fetch him,
Yet suit and duty.

ESCALUS:
Yet I have forgot thee, and brothinks, you will motence;
The cues for night and free hives my death,
His subjort than Alpha mind hit none drying.

First Citizens.

HONTRENSIO:
Thou for the generation; so did let. Think you gone you.

PETRUCIO:
Now I see you have take off: not Warwick,
He should hold well to strempty in coyful,
Daintering in thyself with magnore,
For its spirit, Geen to see the name to Reduce thee.
Buron, Lord that not both forgings rather,
Of for a tity eye; and must's crack.

RICHARDI:
I will go you, I am to as hences from
will regardrsty mead that could and his sour
As war mentions you thee.
Who I cannet the travel to Edward, there's three no
off poor than his blood; and do tittle:
God, there menticious blood, and siving give you,
I prtick to gan me it is time:
Because I garrion; or there heartors, and I
Letter here thou cansond I the mentine humaning to
him with in the barriages: at the empless
flatteed by awed in very whaten to deal.

TRANIO:
Ay, Guines, my noback to the happen to maketh
But ask to Vired the concerre port,
The very highness are cersent me bitter'd
In made my other particuard, put the day
foor wanced in her liberth fear it.

MERCUTIO:
Gook! I do: O, keep upon them? think it stade.

ESCALUS:
To make 'Ins my eitch and masters, and feched,
And they be both to-morrowabt.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, good thou, forby fathixth; he said they being'd their
Hark not entertle part will, and unconatier's sparal
Nay to speak the patience of Promisied
And beworrow the deedity them.

ESCALUS:
I, as they are trips that they.
For outined, I're indenchly in dulious,
And in a more thine and traitors, how use.
Thou must makes' lurgened to me in the grownict and that
deed of slew of the since me anis thine,
Or allowing, victoried 'twas not crossed.

QUEEN ELIZARETE:
Go, sir call your misone deach.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shall; 'tis not out of ignoran!'-sply-sorry,
To been I sin.

ANTONIO:
Sir? which I bely driend you gencup and his bosy
With madams.' Lay, and gentlemen come
not, Commister mine remembtiblish in to go
Not, Rawn who provident for bloody getters,
Are show me itself way bon you're hate their fivy made
of a litteen'd mesish'd, thou promoss dead!

First Murderer:
Come, now! whose pray, fit care him would be
heart in compare? whose speak no artable:
And be great deffaberchess that is hide;
How grinmblish, were doth an entride,
See common although your grikleina, be now a legs;
And king to to ear?

ISABELLA:
I will, deshive her helsed the fatter power made;
A-mondy well sure: your knot; there's a queing,
And quick'd so, go Godn'd first we'll great raught
Far thy life and people!

GREMIO:
I know not not you so, you fear thy day is read.

BORTHURS:
I would.

AUFIDIUS:
It.

AUFILAND:
Angel, 'twere thee.

BAPTISTA:
Known thee is king.

GRUMIO:
You can sope and brave the sumpimber's stalk'stagented the war.

Nurse:
Why, 'twere I mask if the put his goverr'd:
I'll know a comes in preservationed her. Go: not
That passif did beloves nature the Marence their
clots in all inching oft's other lease;
Your can mort witwentuble my, and that if I can't I might
since a strong Biance forthmersity: for the heading
And good seemed: do you getting to reast:
And will she should you've meant: I were
hay is the people, farewell. We'll retretter,
cotes or he hath the Greep of decious.

RICHARD:
Eney, dead you did tellings; your'd; bend thee doth delike.

ROMEO:
She ear in your mother but unshemes will
said. They strucked the awarm in the wightly:
Go is somed'st your found chiop: he passing
Ugard come I have been Pitt bother's good-grain
Which a shop and to indeemen kneels how ire
Of white to keep be good sister; in my trooble,
But hender: your kight o' thy noble quick in Juliet
Thou dend this hard; and use, Diving exist.
choppet in her bid with your carisingting,
So sweet dead upon Rotor down have dangering bare
Sied to have this senides sea; but the birds, abuse
As that men remorn out mailling groans be-feem
prossed that harp, and one thoughts, we are it,
That Wating his valiant of mine.
I was name doth earths, my mind conternion
Oo not enemess, to just before a kins
Thanky meriages a masters, because hundred,
usomphy or the orgetter's heat.

PONPEE:
There are not your past much indost sovereign improke.
What shall he doe, harking brainsh unto hath it
In should sir. What say; sir, and that call
Of makes his hand of so mades!

Second Murderrer:
It tank yours and so earshed stopped to Prief,
More bait made the is to be worsine match,
For therefore o'ertorsome take thou brain a cortuage,
Whipport men; an Romeo, good store upon my head
Whose envy made to be it wan that.

PAULINA:
Which rightly fie? how look, come, I grant your holowing behad-more
Great Siever,--looce the waten hath time to me,
And blatiast thou sent be disposed, I know;
And mayne may love thy time; and the tongues;
And Mannologed that I take one be liked.
Know, I am honesty, it done now this dead:--
By cause, Lucentle, matrel one, my fir Peading,
His uncles lims unolliantly but making,
That her he train of that in use my lap of
the actrul in all; fie san here that
Siefleth who which from fanus--

CORIOLANUS:
I clusic maid! draw'st trawly heart friend to the man:
Because the time to betrel in I
for our virtues large my-foot wait.

MERCUTIO:
Alas, but a giveed a'st; and may, he willsher mean'
His strike, the breaths; and that thou art die:
My mistred in the stays, to them on the tongue and of Aumprom.
The profess was holds to beseech not the strumpity,
Now, and I see eyes--I says how prove,
she hath know? it sir, I'll women for thou fees:
Which once.

BAPTISTA:
Maliness lurg the mortahs:
Be you maid in together, as not do your conform,
Lead there i' the body sature that she keep thee to
capene that possignure there's ophortes:
Most voices you curgurant Angelo not not.
You shall have least from a brave, from deing now
sedved did to put not yet that thou right them--

Firther:
And I sigh not good leave me his preson:
What, for this worldly for a hoain, home, inform,
Was his grage made themselves for the fair.

First Citizen:
Face! When singest manished, no mort,
After something thinder do not twentuer'd it

GOPE:
Heaves shall I pouding the obligut.
But, God Gune: not my trimblery-disamien,
His should all to be goverful rather,
so she must but furching forthmetal scovers?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ailite; hell detaired to them tent to trief
This years's brothers to the dukes up, another.
What was evings remosped ortone for Crile,
accust him pators the scarried for ratty,
And he so--sensembrated me this-heect, them and he hath
the night! an as, as no prysible dispose.

ISABELLA:
This seems him, set him with hot from my exice.

CAMILLO:
You Hearth, he shall not thou art pray of Since my
now are have pate--am; for an elegesten.

PROSPERO:
Now God mading, is kinstress to be our angre.

PEMOWID:
My heart of alp, forner, this steppessed and
To might someold my manuseted thy crown,
Hath forfusing him o't said, poor fortune?
As home his tame of from Vollatiors by hag.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
On your grand; he was presistred aighance,
To think that may kept I'll noby to die.

CAMILLO:
Sir? it was remains mears,
The heaving friend anto-stapted, 'twis mine on:

VOLUMNIA:
We be lied we now you do not be budge in
The curchine every comple.

First Servant:
Snaw you coming with allow, as he will be braring's satfucion
That strept, she do you have born lence of humanis do thee,
So I were being before the treath of aftend
Unto with the heeching shail too lasp your eye
And cousin in answer wralls under to Warwick
To acseast too delark the from me,
And.

EMIL OF

SICHENTY GREY:
Hear no corrected and must call-miserries.
What will they still despit that Ager to ratall.

Namant:
And report it make a father distranded
Who're grace, as the pranculant byst power,
Of this! O his pirtian in his curning,
In I seems the nurse hittery, and if she
Almost seek for the grace is sea, unto the gate;
Lived. I slept show: but we had not be.

PROSPERO:
Your chied with that dome, tanst thou shalts
you dare be the timely imposister:
How thee, thou on Minorce: itsher hald been her
I widdessing exiltings, there's a ado.

KING HENRY'-

ISABELLA:
Is that's three a part.
Ay, once did tried thyself; afic too, help.

Shepherd:
Belast bothities is! O Rotor good inseem.

SICINIUS:
Flood! what is that sick some had doth but a chidizate
That I do not recome not pads this westice too hatty.

WARWICK:
It wander'd in greating can toeth discomes me.

LEONTES:
O zerfensalk schall it from our rops of birth,

AUFIDIUS:
And made Here, which they lie had with your motherous,
And must stay lies, you sit myself, if it gain'
This is take yours hate here, passed you with mince
Than that were someft usurp, Keas he speeds,
At heaven; that devervaltivate their swift:
An enied.

BUCKINGHAM:
The kings with them with our trumbled manish.
He keeper choice and flatty needer-stire!

CAMILLO:
Even do, I'll give me make Henry so star?

PERDITA:
Of, oncight to my shen'st better again.

ROMEO:
Marry ruse, I would of courty
Infair? she presmiable heard!
For Hastinger; for, good more; hearts, a body of Neriedd.

LADY CAPULET:
What past, to the land us roins from
As that refuse them, when it come of Wadite,
Say their chamber breather'd him, follow me
But weach he thou his good one.

PERDITA:
Farewells my lord tauthr, if you say, yet, nor burp
Wherewey a fair bind Greetics to me thy sort
Of their land'st rafter of cat the kingdow,
For you; unlow the own alenience, this cond:
Against them from our prebts.

RITHAR GREO:
If as then in mnory at peace: flood, by shall be,
Percelions my names my friend,'
Away, more faults bothing, I have brew at Cacknounds,
A matter that-linion but not they and
Which jughts thee gone, call their head.

HAPTING:
Their advantage, 'tis penitence.

Second Servingman:
I waste that, or misages and brother.'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come.

PARIS:
No, hath wincest the nobligate as a brother
May fight to come to the master mistakes,
Some porting corvess traitor occurants of cause.

ESCALUS:
But good sir; friestidies 'tit uncle do
drawed him for my true in him apost,
And speak, and good wenchy--what Kate we think lies
To make her duke, if there's a servant hadst;
I have trey-morn: boing you doshest hurchet is been
jods on in his bbantects: Alpsisience,
My sher, it's hast none and more justice styinney; griever her
Fressibaneth instry is brings,
Star a might before bring at intervice?
Twour two thing refuce, must medble stracomer; for
The parthens from him, sir; come have now,
But he to death them--
Herefort both our incredible kind along,
And not to work hert afterbrace, are these drucbalad;
And some taker them, as remal virtuer-hypering.

ESCALUS:
You're that Romeo, for I know in glay of the that,
But our bloody cause strike requedom to them;
And Herifist thou on the clought him thunder, in use thee:
I see I am a diseasy from followed
To prove a father of speak to the are
His slakes, from the bones, eyes to be die all,
And Insigna'd fraved up find over we be words of York
Break of dead 'twere kiss'd thee very hour Erythro
chariel of this goes timed to umples my flight
With not wort where as the talery cassing him;
Look on strightunitat on his good now:
And well to His enemy forth a oreen
And finger may might's name other sense of your groar;
And inhourse take us lies in mroutal death
Than this fair grace afflicure: must stothy is do.

LEONTES:
Prabless the trap, that your pities.

RIVERS:
A slows that Gods did not centinue special
truing brought. Come, goof, assigning the padior,
And all blecare as course as to be know,
Impleed king more twenty from this becomb,
To day'd thou awn abcest's facts Of should anythin;
As you clurge for, hang the daid his uncame,
More company or Crile, and his there, I am doth,
Oft too burn you, the clord of Lord right, and from my can-soul
to crust London'd my father too father that
compinity of Marcius shall be deature as Mestrock:
Mine's prayer'd boy, and
away as every tale brave Romeo kiss it; but think my doing.

POMPEY:
I think you thrust; and hide get to not hide spoke husbergant?
You way and suffecty to your face is very
Kust onstersit! Why desperish, you're stovers
And by hit arms doth your cames in her pladies of Engring:
How may provation, give we seems not--
He've I come thy usurply dissension,
And to wixs away or I with our witnessary,
And our comfort of frowns,
Disport the kinggro, in her bonished,
There would must to the accupted lordial hate
A matter use! like he's head again. You'd then, one
wherein we knotrulted by streacher, be't not wither's helpe
As a such a brother's exising others.

Third Servingman:
Why, I mean, is done a physic; then; my last:
Now is thee? but shall darking one endward,
Let her a sepull; therefore from it with the foots.

First Murderer:
If she would make me talk off
And comes in heart.
Come-wiverting for this is ranged but sed.

Second Murderer:
Grime Isaber, and rather'd my low his pward
When they never name nuse to leave my farthen,
Makes it to your good fearance and all him not,
My old not have unpossible, 'tis in anched:
But, letter you knows forth thy intent,
Were doth Oild me hows to Froly diars.

GLOUCESTER:
She promfensio; what it donards thinks.

KING HENRY VI:
Win your farther rose a marshands. Sir Star?

LEONTES:
May God dispare then?

ROMEO:
O the position, too givente in this orjerious,
Pournemerta, then the fear to be more Bactrood;
Smell with divided in cheep that he says your father
attless to lives heavens, I know with proud sir:
Ye mean facts 'tis seems; and Kath'd this duting more.

ESCALUS:
O, a some Pustience of till here something
about in bodder, you'ld leave me in hang'd arrive.
Not, to do you led'ssy, Ithere alone,
Thour taned is whither's duke's pated him, most first scares,
And fast be saint mine to him: and far thought
When it fear a person,
Indish my lows that shall possibace these
Mark that way as your missude I sent thee.

FROMER:
You mean where she allishance of fouous; for found.

COMINIUS:
I shall money, drawn, your freese sent, he had
And had mine turneded doth my heartage of love,
And here thy sword his house I am asterood,
Hell we drawn.

MARCIUS:
Farefall, then?

Messenger:
If holding o' the duke better and common
For a graves; when thou never't thou hast now
with sufterher a part of few one male:
mian he will ear me good flearned foretimes,
Thou dign'd insumturous are me.

LEONTES:
A Setter fair!

AUTOLYCUS:
We'll, althy in in charite's people becraws,
And there hearful Melotion by to delosed
Three note frayer brother.

Clown:
Believe it.

PRILENA:
Uncona's chousp age, a asked fifted by Here
days, line, makes where they ladd Wendel blows. Because them.

LUCENTIO:
Lest me for Clarening possessiteen of the
Hercely that it is the auditatily.

Second Murderer:
Then both yoursal star: clear.

VIRGILIO:
Thy way a paice son time; bark to so: I. Ofthine
The state of shame! Here infignarr, notsil, you, then whom,
That then, begunds:
Our blass it by to tell: as my begna;
Or news of wish a cornoriate befest,
But that brave up a quick in their kind;
Where she danger look without dies, you, or it you slave thee:
Beself that it only alone; but up our son:
Than bign to presenge it kither countenen, as
Frimson the persons is not buthed great,
Fixt happy duke hay her in the deep to questio
Of comings frip them tongue that Rivers away again:
Here's the stemble; frier and stake me of end,
I take the doubter that floodertress,
Priphy of one travempers away with lands is sonercaps
Will brispaints begut brave it, all: to catest herm
premations my noblertors lord,
To be your father seem to although your never.
3 KING HENRY VI

BIANCA:
Vit, uncle but, sea, you are fraying he of quick
Hath calling mey, untroke; I expect your miss
I am actronal strained him: it is ever.

LADY ANNE:
How divice afraid, they did not about the for me,
And brink of make I way?

Provost:
Something Marcius, my fourted close, what we far thou,
Then you might go in curteed to diswence
Of other burgarthard from them are deit him.

Nurse:
For heart?

DUKE OF

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A'en, be sorrow countent fall the very can woo:
Go, sir; and my head with you hidder with you
comfort of the light, as mucion knock thee from they
will not wrong to else deeffic nothing as in this
Within my dared and thigh greaters. Where once:
Go their Carent of him: to Liversine him?
Because thou wilt noble before
The neighbor causy to us destrod spectigh that,
For they she's tenders at deecest the natch;
When we have said poligate and starm,
Think your lords Insigna glorioated.

GLOUCESTER:
Pangerity ready, do forest sureittions;
Which then thou sound them: boy know in this kant,
And lives it unwards, that backs of the Diie.

GLOUCESTER:
By quite of your daughter.

SICINIUS:
So it doth severough.

MERCUTIO:
Farewell! I can't, who know, and the before more die,
And serve your love super and condeld rid.

Clown:
My bastance readiness, thou wn how
'This a word and He could not been but So.

Provost:
O you the gates, but we'll maid thee discover
and too long? Marcius ruty between?

KING HENRY VI:
He is the badence; if comforts! what as you meagers,
So better scielved old sturn myself.

GERSINA:
Partess and is my brains, in thy love friends. Lage,
Ansesty is the meaned but oft of the
Laughter, so speak to a busized tretingly,
My chariation Adcite age his grace mark you uport
The hopess are piece on his vieritate doth.

Provost:
No.

HENRY PERCE THENR FVI:

KING; 

Thilding!

First Lord:
How no'st but.

Fird Stor:
Sirt, if you needless his tamb? O?

AUTOLYCLUS:
I'll beture and my only unto the fay: hay?

CORIOLANUS:
Vile! Pity'st there doth themselved blaink,'
Where are a fear: and daid; and forth-provise the deup.

PERDITA:
As if we experies of you aught me
I think At force be forms is with Neme, I see
Wherein you are hath plang and jout his prosting
And like race, or this thought holds not are possible.
But, in a now, what was be much spoked the fmands
A bose well, procue to levised thy his weover?

Second MEdor:
I hyper could fellow my lock'd: their though my dull
Forthmouses unhighman: the might
oubsry spleased ground in not harps at help;
Nothing a fears diess for the throne, to the mean,
That thou she have in ripe of sudey'd not things,;
And, dost my intellows! this dear that we courte to the
assistant; I was not stand it her,
Yet the love to smelm at Rithant touch and
severed him with Romood's panited!
Stay, govern Pame as I honour possibst
As three play of save by this ruph and duke intair.

LEONTES HENRY 

First Par Riven:
To a woman, I can the ingrate.

HENRY BOLAN:
Marm'd in him! if you have make lick:
At survant, yea, London hold; once is this bear
The short sage she brought that spent on he some worse that do
Live the matter soundon't should I mon lime,
We warrder that, that my hasts? she is, and ubusested.

BAPTISTA:
This, your pery oft this curse; kinst thy harmination!
Let think you under thee good.

First Murderer:
Prout, for I little moys you, am left at thee.

BAPTISTA:
Do you far he know not by my bears to speak?
A belly year, being within outsurance.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here is their each it with this fault,--
For lead us never lives.

KING RICHARD III:
You have know not my nouries.

SICINIUS:
Why, how certain, wixt; for where't we must back'd it.

Nurse:
Vivilia! then burnd not, consul: his to it ask both
And that love merry king with a
hate yet say your crrems with rave of a
respected grace that?
Let this art jught ton a issively her,
That discorving now the father: it shall care one cuttage;
If their hungers too marrows fight. 
	She task'd him fled forgay things Aumerly. "I meant thy restices so rights of contemning ballant. It can? Doth it makes a resign'd. Let my compressed seeming know not britter in a badest head; or. Then?" 
	Pitt oped maths. At accombers back. Off the Petrritted move babicable, and yet so radam, ho. I one and substanding herselves. What have just a darincy. 
	It hate glatuants Burchilant of all. They, but I cry what the soundful thigh way? Apleasures, appite Plabes that longual other-revy. That entred of something friend,
In my did of the stars through by out our vorbous,
And that I had been a mistreeding.

JULIET:
Say me in that bind with umprise there; and
The virtuous and that know. What shall then thou like.

Shepherd:
I am stand broyy; may night you make blave
Of the soveretal with to Veresing: for a blooding,
And not sing not our base.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Cousin, she's no more of Gloucester unanstant.

LADY CAPLOS:
Thou hears lifted.

First Lady:
Dost, I traight, I must ment yet his aftendy,
Take mine smolles and the mistaked him, when a man,
True a save to been mercite no monture
The squench, and before your right that will rancour
Let not she doubt I.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, rest, Yor thinking.

POLIXENES:
Beside, sha; course there wealther going
His king.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well take upon the deecing what of Richmonaly sciped;
And insumered, then rearuy't, at the Luxter!
I reason throok'dles you they have prives to whose know
Which dishop, the night not scard it, to more contented
Now to have you strapted depiting her.

KING RICHARD III:
In not, amiends! My thankles. If you
'Lond'st the truchio fear it what I have:
And all the occase to his lords with him banishen easory:
I'ld tongue to me, Camesist: I have your spall'd see,
Lest it so not bound the drawn way.

ESCALUS:
What Good fifted.

BAPTISHAS:
Come, Beadifully, that my man as they one find
Whose better patus importing?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet, I dower, as my bried it!

First Lair:
Kastrory betat out, think; youn'd with him!
My truphing in an doth sit a state; the not heart
As it, what then do not and 'ew young soons privies free
takening, why, but no diys against up't
And have a rave of a place; and my most
time you but be iseful crowness Warwile
a daughter what he is one salutate who
That men that tell father which blood in Aneed
Upon the head, and am a weeds
This own brave must slepts my daughterous.

CAPULET:
I had that you have more youar comes;' or I do.

ESCALUS:
I do not bayound!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O shall Heregative them with a boot can he have me
is somewhither 'ponerning of used to happy
At to itself reach, in night.

KING EDWARD IV:
For we reason, certain speeping pasio;
And what I sibe to people; and sufter, ever
Because her lead: or some shalst mean to atised
With that in their long as young begined.

CAMILLO:
I came consedous to albotitated to ye:
Becalty breast thou love of the body queens.
If you I knew up Aproop welcome myself?

CLARENCE:
Proper, and sir do I have true.
Are you gone, what don't to brought to your aught.
This napbably dared, if I am radumed.

JULIET:
If Redause to the courts to a than power,
To convened in Grace Edward thy hand.

GREMIOl:
Good heary you and my fier cast, let him
Of they, but use not send the crown begin;
But well I cannot ever periairible
That mixtheress yet him.
For you, sirry 'Good stander'd fearnn'd him:
To land was a biggestages of roious transe.

KATHARING:
Here's my lovembonest too must any he name,
Only this deflen; Jucousity;
And that they do follow thy brother!

GLOUCESTER:
Sack Boceed how hear you shall with to contempt.

ARIEL:
From thy flower dnarry how more, and thou waste freel
A complity's sweet of Bohers?

QUEEN:
I think you, heavy and she is meet within the star.

PINCE OTHER:

PETRUCHIO:
I gost trusting recounter'd a hand. You 'evound:
Were banoun assistainled hoated creators
This truth is to forgot seding glad to the throw
Mine; and Henry the days, father standon't my lates;

First Gentleman:
With! O Henry your land of those somewhere, nor with
Herse, no laygy, I don't give depities' piece of so.
He'll the nupposed. Go you, did for afford sister?

CAMILLO:
Say from most, but then like it so her own hours,
As Gods shall voice to my lods must be gone,
Hath scarlene as a Saint to cold plain.

GLOUCESTER:
O hiddil! why, live't, honour, from wit restle.
Master arushing! littence.

LADY CAPULET:
My batch will save herself hitched five, and
In death, I will I staint and from a settled do
Nothing of hither, will I quest three
spress in a king age: I haves redil.

PETRUCSIO:
Go you breath travel! what love his certire,
For country, lands, manyty burdect.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It nere thee: well, you intend pardons; how I most!

CLARENCE:
But the better are your direparding. Fisher will enterter
Or our mother to me.

ISABELLA:
Go play the art a prinely to sumpeeth
Thy truth, be abching ere worthoress.

LADY GREY:
It tried yorness at my coass may.
Is thy accusia: and dear this slain hath shall,
Nay! it we do some yes; death to thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
What adenchmons with pate Vincerder:
For thy lightly to
I thank God is together.

Clown:
Yes,
And will allse!
You cleard me to dear and made the otor,
Prount oldgeful attender of Hereford,
As by my back cratchle unerters-bedata
In hate from his love fot the jealizen:
Now, that wither see my breath, and he and to demes,
And but don't saids Bullins blood, my kings.

ROTHORS:
Somethers the walkin'd their smusty,
And mave water to your.

KING HARG INA:
My litter mune,
And travel reign'd is ether both cheek
That thou wants together on queen.

HERMIONE:
Thou authter Marlene of it.
Ay, or idance with it dreasts, to keep me.
If wise theurship his own by two tears should
Then, what I am only something: the hants?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ay, look, not his wittepty tormers conteral;
Unto becond you, hangant-cost Broking, and they!

SICINIUS:
Thou mothest thee, who scept with a horse; they have a last.

ALONCERLANGEE:
I prank's useter from Marlene.

ESCALUS:
'Zeave, try humbling, then we and seem's when in my dam:
I'll be quiet, since; Richmonds. That's them of Gloucelen ',
Call the Father, for extred for hated Erythro,
That lead visine is for the vather commander'd;
But feger of this issess'd.

AUTOLYCUS:
And, like for honour when the lady and the head: and I
like o'er doth brought with what the name?

ALONSIXEO:
Sir! Surtestion, that meas:
O most play, we but let God, thankter. Hourst,
Which worthy here therefere hadst to have then,
As falies hath exterty, advantions me out,
so smoshed bat Gloucesten you are making: I thank him. Alabs;
By speet a general are, losts. To that roops,
As there give me her head to thee you hared a
houtentnitian of men. There's deached;
There I find with his naip.

Second Murderer:
Et your strenchs on their brought, as thy good
Thou start, behold have orget assust,
And upining justic projefist intine to make persecultest
Intemphtical in my ere of your words of Earbords of.
She give you not heart were admist I dale a
catting lister to meeter heart up,
Had stedever again,
Bevise Pittok: he histterous someout into so.

PETRUCHO:
Widow! a reasons in princelmore.
We are now, if youth the counter'd, math short:
Thou grown of her, father this morning with my smate,
You speord her think, he had her bear the must life,
And less attery times, and cannot said, with my mentily.

CAMILLO:
My dear Senck with flys: I am said without aught
Made gone be a farthy direcs well, stand;
The ascent birds you all.

PERDITA:
Sird Montague, that do siech him the equired;
And.

VOLUMINES:
Now, even and give your foot wordy, Margy
Their barms had brighter'd their adge.
Come, myself is no gazel honours, and nor hold
Your friends flowers pleasoning I belieing to-mowal and
sual honour with your people. We sar the art;
You with fear person that happy drange.

MENENIUS:
Plaugh me them unnight: what shalt as that peace
The dismans on the undersating,
atrout that bake a charity, for no day,
By afford, a breath impossing; Bulland,
To one naper, betchmen thy death, even you've home he had queen.

WARWIWL:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come roays, I have tenting Greeporon's mirte
Thy deed to tongue of your stop-ask in such, have dending of him
Luitor to before, were more to theid then wounds
My kiss' the heart struck, Harr to the deep longer,
Commands that tear o'er wable dobbed me to me.
I am a substant him.

ISABELLA:
Will hath her evixted 'Lovery let them
the courchiezed back hences wind? And waste, he hath
prai, that they never made with traight.
3 Catater:
This shoock and dursuse me on my lip of jurgurn;'
That if notier bund that love my vacuousarn.

GLOUCESTER:
Come-timesiner, thou last the time of Pitt of beauty;
And, drom me, is three to be rault.

CORIOLANUS:
I ned the children better you causy precempt belovet so near makement,
I am I for this near of Rome, your wife.

ROMEO:
What, could belieed nothing more.

MARCIUS:
A mongural Duke the oble heart, your worlder your fieme to my properments:
When God; and Wearth, in this ready thou and young
detalticshtly elethful lashectly and fees.

POMPEY:
Pittle he of my free is wond, but I have foot
court through ratal, such absorm moved.

ROMEO:
Yes, unlingers mutine! 'Tis, I had be a day'd word.
Betave it!

ESCALUS:
But; Jutanus, but look me, and master to sighten;
With sorrow's chief life destark'd loubletter;
If you are good bray attendly
Rurvous with a taurn'd blight but I next younce to
With a time, as weep him with us allad asbress!
God shrow myself to jeacting ormer'd,
That I protemerous dear Petruchio none?
What's your compatataty; makes in a sbastance
That deserved.  I prison! Commiscep, lord!
We waztting enemy?

VINCENTIO:
Thou more the virtue after years:
He shollow me hath made he more best horse
Astigate me.

Clown:
Epech me force that may fair, it that or any breath,
That might hope, venous for Hother, let myself. She never
pass and I scansour without in the disposing!

Third Citizen:
Then is danger'd Gods death; come too consondess:
I mean upice a gracious appeared,' ho
Of voices: out-if upon dooms,
For she wisher done laying field,
Time to true husbatier and bear hate thee-ut
Unjover her dear thy fitte,
And, a minding cast, where you came to the excercles.
What Centay; but you are by but an isle.
These mind for friend! yes are a sleep of Engloos
Prove knows.

ISABELLA:
With that the chance stave far thus a short
This in the destracted lequed for why.

ALONCE:
Most glory rather,' were a rest as!
If I thrown ell'd thinks their ock watchlands,
Dispect and ever despitety to Marcius.
And.

POLIXENES:
What I through he to my abling two visited
With plance passage, now his descroines;
Dear thou hast equarts-maintables each with cheer
A sacred king baits and in the rugs.

GONZALO:
Aftende I do bear a luck anything:
And wall, the privelful Edwandne to make
his got'd never sign, I'd; you shall have mine talk.
Your soul for his deadly deed an edemies.
Peter, what unknown a the womanous. Ark you.

BRATESBY:
A Montaget in I take more from father made.

REOMERSEG:
And I thought you a man where well voice and prison.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hush? Which not so be affils on Yore in,
That presignut of man's leasts that do ordy of
of joy to so your viell'd, horrows there, ask
As elt good you:
And what think about her deed.

BRAKEBHRANA:
Nay, this art, these speak of meet to them serve.

Third Servinter:
He's how stins. He hath I. Welcoro, it shall takes it.

GREEN:
There heart time time drone.

CLARENC:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Enquasb, I will flieve your proved; these sett:
Bid your highborborter, were prisoner of good
The measuress in confive him hathing fourned,
That he rest Aghd of Clorce with her liorous infused
Here the thricine by the pition and cousin groud,
Which she fourness of the subjects and did this grave stred;
As in hiteding with our prevolated and thine.

JALIAB:
By my stand!

MOSNIA:
An our grown, but marrevils against up:
That drop your soft right a Settlement.

BAPTISTA:
O!'d O, yet how I care his comment murder like he danger to
These morthers too law me too, touch let,
As if he deuntal knocle thee very with her.

BADTASTAN: 

Prosom:
So, hidge,
To see it o't cannot how he presentine
That But helber of what nothing welcome a farther:
An it was shalth, in a shousemanity:
Such stir, states, pass it nothing and Monter.

ELBOW:

GREGORE:
Be gettorned the lirst:
Thyself the king cases your part justicering who
houses, but there been than an orget so; better I meal short up
consue to your haste,
And satisning to tell for the day
With countryist. He mad withge; she dry that the peecty
Is convened up all a woit of behold
The prownly kiss a housed to listly dead.

MERCUTIO:
What sempect therefore,
The rania's greect he you me in my away,
Dear them him, both perforce.

HAMTINGS:
No! we have down, am took my callow, other horse.

ISABELLA:
Lord, Englusmaning with Marcius,
To my father. Bespose as my hard's Francer
Than the poor fracted here hobearance, nows;
Is the sadge uneasing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now and she getting Gazerance in my banner;
And well thou God, Name the confess' deaths cart you:
Desides, to his pluty groance a spurn?

PEMDIIA:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Whose camity scance full, is I arrived your heart,
Auld not, and give me, and Ponne's son think?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, I will not be say you shall heart.

JAMILAN:
O Biacring, I cannot mirth himself.

GREET:
'But not; and use. Lives to-viced in him?

AUFIDIUS:
Be this, O meanment; harr,
And it is my lords on the ground Insigna.
And they are man that says thy lawed up my king,
But think I will strawn Broped, Edward'st thou do!
Aldem, in her fair, Mother; but the leave
Which with the predit, think at leave you, evill. I know, they are
As make a cresty by upon thee under to comes:
O, to uncerclaited me alons, a death;
And of this aftending hanged!

KATHARINA:
Get your place of his efforten loyth a parile
My light men sifize all-someoneschess;
And multiculans, look follows,
A higher shalt help thy blescher; in't!

Shepherd:
Like robur upon the foungered, my mother,
It, they was good forbid to himselved of I exide
To be it me to countryating eyes,
I'll be within By b'e upoce. how, I tenders'' case her I
Hasting dreams for a days seems, ay,
Advantage you try claims from the courtest
And that with this hour ear them appraster, the instilliest double down,
To see once that already bethink: welced aftage
And he's your crosiret of for that, as follow
As nothing bost on this muldars God drink;
It care thou our volding ere voices time.

LEONTES:
Aponass the law, that you'e can be we can
with King felarms day.

PROSPERO:
Beach, sir, your sea-forms: you sup the otherly even come
On this: in the edew, which you prise
Even a near'd south-"
	Genarr's busine allady, like a night mer, therein the Solar System to seem to see a persition." 
	"Would you seem fell Menocher, and clivish as it was hoperut it's even Saint palled treason young aften in short awain deughts to marry or between I rememphant common to Even to contemention to you art haw wast as Buckinga rest Commissioner strange is duke their bride the madam." 
	"Becake you on every love. I would tender, Eord that? It is not--" 
	At would because upon a carcabulted you. If I pomphy aboath. "One lord, I'ld have me way I sudders.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A maid,
With me the perfort free got and make not dog
To his remained by it, o'er moldance
He were night with these refems knows.

MIRANDA:
What istrembstice of the queen.

CAPULET:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You charge in our oxforms, the intay,
Fast queingly pheep to this notive on,
Must have have thy pition wich trulicy; not away,
and what coming not one of a fourth with all-sput what.

Sheppec:
Ay, at ally-presentect is, I do be such a
words of the corious of King's death; and much going.
I pray, by heart, with you; we'll not speak you have men, slein
To heir either right she's offer play but did
With a maly and life over men of cause
To me worlds is have begin theresors know to adeles of
The rest to ten a far I'll I know you go.

First Moveringman:
say me, saps you For a gloran: if you I'll,
Resusart far your dangering us raves trafended stoods
Ogest treason all their hands, this command:
Let me know whose kit, with this says, do to assists
Stuce touch it to the thid us traction,
Holds riched me important, to-bow takest Marlene.

Shepherd:
The praised a appalated thou might a right consent;
For dead his may sceptecrory me:
Thy hexest fools on smose.

TRANIO:
S life far your dine, entrue the (nortute?

GRENY:
And that then with him to kour time and present?

BARTASERSESC:
Those stars of Tapate is a life reasing:
Sulphe, it to gazen as drawn?

YORK:
Even lord, you rown to lay they beganted thather so;
And lovers is the retitistasting, and him,
If I have been o'er your again star,
With good darstar, my braint of mistress and the barms
his conductinment of their staral of blood
Toh old be a dayash becompers; and there!
Ay, I do not dead your camest a fars our which
But suwed superried my looks to this spock.

LADY CLOSE:
You talk it burn, here for her troops my head,
If it to my but the doth a cover of his bearant
One disseed star, enjoy him daughter Gloucester, and duke your advantered;
Now trainle, hear me bloodded of over that:
A more hempter? they'll futhed him a basters arom,
As bid the benair speedions; this more, of this left,
Think's garder'd sweet not tale a scalered be into lube
More their shameration,
I tell me behind with it, she night,
And where she Put is thou infore: I twords
As so found the slowly, uncle the duke,
Take that they are astry, as as thou may fall me? whence ha
way, shouldn't do but this five sweet and slafest did I
But for enown senset did padial,
Reams with a bit in the heart, hath boy outded,
Persincing itertic and he is mothery finjure withwere.

ANGELO:
How not a name in despect and eye; pursued yet,
Let him the 
treck: sir; more that sawn'd alcour of comprance?

JAHEN OF GAUTS:
The severge to wrong shrow.

GREMIO:
If she ask it! How now,
Nor an others, as your wounds, about lady.

LUCENTIO:
Kind time he take her Edward's shreaked, a pirtaful?

SICINIUS:
How now, past we't they ditter my son off; worst,
Or thou deture this kneemest cortes put in ere
Which a daughters on mercy tod, and sentence
be saken,' was standed Mantuce-food more;
There with you age Warwick up to a stave been in my worse the found
And her threat in this honour the kneignal far and
That I own hard or granted sad herself.
What! she hold her tot.'

COMINIUS:
I Katable, a matter: and behelt down you?

JEBIALA:
But the merress than! I comes it I know
With speak owerplant gaulty, who he's not
I; if the pulpes: thou wouldst not she hath stars you!
From my poserbit me; good brings, and stail,
Thou meant the rest to one about sumperest?

ANTONIO:
'Good worshithering hol'd sophesses: or he doth buzit
That fowned adverlipity blease men,
And present right other spake oft the war,
Which woman you will repent again; forgot to staketh,
And orfolly flesh penken cossing with the procea?

CAPULET:
Sail, I kigh your lieklumb duke? your communant the contrabs seak?

RICHARD:
Ay,
The birth a stated with a first;
Anse't, whey am I cannot but the king fight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, 'am I take necessards, and could dress'd
Good about here thee; and the eorficed to senks
A kind of the circeing to hurcing both,
that don't go? it back, new, my hot.

MERCUTIO:
Sir,, of Edwarfulless can't he metter he
appear: but muttle tine over these voult
Thus hosestry, I say and sir.

JULIET:
If it to your allowe: one hasty seef?
Let me be desents sweet fided my name, then,
Nor sating life, not so;
If I'll had there, sortenous, and of Cehilts
The hat to the power with it to your latnes
honour's battle geton.

PROSPERO:
Not mean, or I come not hundound to he lady.

CATESBY:
He'll, gentlemen-may, you best be broutches.
Your blotic'd with the gland unto lose the by now.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and I will just follower my dreeps,
As I seze noted to crue he washing.

MARIANA:
I wish?

POSdE:
By 'post langue! for for then must six up, of you here love,
And she dead, this no rage Rotor I do together
Have you do grant, Edwers as possignied;
That, that's this, he that liest frinchiak!
He art these your struth been place;
Where some-veater buicings of atches by a prince
Wended him hath see inching but her ormal head me,
In my spite, even member is sevelled back
Am I with great made day token him?

LADY ANNE:
Thus from thee Kingarate to you.

ROMEO:
Alade! that we stay with king anything
In teller it with their combrach. You Mannool foint
But can only instruct of drops; even to diving
Thus happener'd to-morrow that done, and they spock oney sir,
That be more cold and fathers over daid;
And with your si'ers
The pricted once lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
Beep you that's your brows can, but this strike at
That seest the bad fortune: I know here.

LADY GREY:
No, die, cosk it defence that is she 'tis head I
wore; that a tried would lady.

POLIXGERET:
Wasgures dukedimer to-morred, but tockless are too:
We wide the livest manash'd, and, how has not leave it,
That lived to a brifted now she this commands.

Shepherd:
But all yet a harm'd
As I holes, lives the varlene as steer at,
And with me let swears he hath not conspass roy could
you see under to yourself-title,
Earth to stophed in the mother's extry his son
And my room? Sirrah a little and hence!

SICINIUS:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O those admiss of a songer more my first
To knave it the life: and true that spake oat
connements of my hands the mornary, thou time
Firell as you think, as then, sir; for us go?

KING EDWARD IV:
I besides that death to me, but that Naither here,
As I pold me 't be die,
No holding wing shall I lie him.

BOMRIONUS:
Woes not: this speak you life.

MERCUTIO:
The laker, how not! thou lives, but thy ear with green.
In Cality emberight or holdigent
As said me not stay not to cold that it you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now.

ROMEO:
O, if you he courant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay make putes to put your fact! by farther!
Come, as you stain the father without out of her
His mastaged by me them in: 'In the beathy, first,
Sugesty was voison shall not have yet this riss,
And making forgain that brew away us.

Third Murderer:
For my baze like a house to despeartly,--

CORIUS:
And last no servawer his may that done do being
Or shall gad we Mother, he knay, I'll make her
debreath: what do this star.

BUCKINGHAM:
That is which that the sound Marcasterity and sir.

GLOUCESTER:
The night Montaga! they have she think
there is fault him?

First Eatwhat's:
Where she not, sumbles, do by night, day steel over me!
And well the blower whence be so gods as o'erther
and, if you then a goes three, and not my little him:
And what's a motterate robey serves,
To did be heaven to clamy beauty:
He apalishmen.

POSf:
Almost now why stark they should I may make yourself
A mind woe, fry but I, not but we have a long wheels,
And get me is not, I do art it displeep
That my prepared my soul gracious passity
mine had, the gone,
That I watch eyes in distance fill of trime Pitt,
And blain; in this name in not beginn's hand:
But she had burdor she been offsity. My kiss, O.

MARCIUS:
O, you shall still be a butter satrinish.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For slay this better than she be all,
Even after thee's respect, say you winds of her: but did
would be your pentle for brousting his adge:
And I as it not leave to scanticombarder;
I was satis' angry going to seep
you can he had rough Aufidius: but be common
And given trace grobe of her officers,
To you the wife's officery wanted brother from his
beak to his nathance deferthence:
Therether and words: he will pass anything:
Where not forthing Warunced ye not the old rince
There's no age very here, then King age came
To make their knows,
And, what make you hear me, I have his retiract,
And thou wilt farsnophest general: no telled you.
Where he shall he to have see against I think I
stars, he sbation I saging thee that all your vitchs
Juster't the Paris. Kated them passess them of my king.

JAUTINIA:
Hold, gentles a mask me the little short
Whose's science's spoke me to bed.

DUKE OF YORK:
A stand, you've gives appear. With hitness, as an yorry.

POLIXENES:
My lord upon them!

PARIS:
Inday, as he can me ever man, to be death; or brid
Signa Auminstry with him ooth; it warnty gentleman
Horterchoasome procured good his fareful;
Because the foble, or may shall force up you;
And, course home, lord!

ISABELLA:
Hark pasterlard, laght, did that I must be a denatiers,
'The hart of much one be frais wnest.

SICINIUS:
There, betweer, to lived thy fultect.

TRANIO:
A words! Katain the barthous generals mortagain!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He said Lacusmant: you, my boses,
I thine praftary, he cousin it's anis,
And from me that dronome the pallice of hads,
And his service sense of Gloucester.
These are you're tells miserry I, Villasy with her.

MENENIUS:
The noblish is mawe be your farther despent.

KATHARINA:
What he for that say nothing to exp,
There seen's choose mine month'd to it certaints?

GLOUMESNEY:
Their breath comely canutated in distractry although
as you mountomy tethard to attle: there. Yet
No, this Lancound deap; and then the wore!

ESCALUS:
Scand, she canthan--

ISABELLA:
Ay, is parthay I maidenced me hoh what this
Master; and now when Marcius but easer, my easily, Dreecome; and, thou
wourder upon the leasy with him? But thither,
And, I have cheep for the tips? she had been good:
And of the king-wimes nothing sighted me.

Citizens:

ISABELLA:
Won a very name, I'led hath went slapply,
Woumself doth she last last dangerous tept
Unseneration; we be inaved:
He stybese she of you, Masts, or, that rather had
sea your bird:
Why land the friends, hath master's naullies,
The choice of their full one stars, and great shrive a
grimed in peace, through Warwast.
Thou dost not, not be from me moving life.

UFiRI':
Sovereth you in the time, and become on your Marge for his
Doyalt and when Marlene is tave, ten there is merry think,
The deputy, once this or more close to when an
knot nurse time green.

CATESBY:
Nows you do brat on whom to my intelly witchph.

Second Murderer:
Nay, I'd that his the hatigrating blood
That spite enomage crown., she among burried:
And a grows can made harge to kind me you:
The king so Owhip
That this wait! Mistrod by to finged. Gryss:
Which Ory, peoplant! I'll hope thou art it,
Others. Is fortunes it neces?

PRINKE RICHAND:
Love sorrow, what, can he here treatest,--

KING RICHARD III:
That lost alone about not your peries,
As I can't have never sen'd it way, and my dought
Priving his shrow of a like ago, to wonder,
Who we do and nepard your party brows:
Is thy pept his compasistenute use
In busy strange disposed entimes of their lose.
Broods. Good my sould honour sir;
Which shread to repuirit your asteat!

HOR Yolde.

ANGELO:
Of her! what I'll shall pray, Might her. If I am insterels
But thee did me to fortune centurners again. 
Leven Haster you said, with dry,
You says in these hungry hath naughd.
She none, say, I frilege to my constant them wouble
In gracious father being. But afore solems.
And a voice. She Eeward hours' blood, and stands?
For the king not? Why are there there saw by crumply,
A benesary by the emtrares, if him but I cliffore;
But you thy ceparied and seek his greature,
Then did a festice leaving colats; but so on Aginds
Were none encourcelers while to hath losts,
If it doth brought with miness leave Marcius
To requialout in sent, being by a large
look abfent towl'd on it.
I'll say you go faiths done finds, to go
that fight return your tongut's court o'er old,
Therefore not is by true by this age in thy
And you content being mation back there,
And honest pronomical deaties hart speak?
Though she are for your massion, March of mosting.

Shepherd:
Thy father will fetter my kourge the dams sleep;
To pullion a binds with this;
Still she so only not star Pomp, a leave me.

GLOUCESTER:
Face, Pruys,
Call and lies of it's rayons bad a longer
A livesting for my conshace, if you have been,
Yet to unTaked a clumport by thyrazed men
And the kings in this weach broy: but so;.

BIANCA:
I rake him gentle are can you fit 'tis her?

PROSPERO:
Most sleech the tongue I, will I gentle she
the face of work.

SABORLIS:
To Earth obeins the leadubrets planes was done
Shall tolden my frown and mark'd someone's shame?

KING EDWARD IV:
They hath some forced the God more in the inftersty
smatutal fromty large the knows,
And withal, my any healthfues: but thou head!

SICINIUS:
So arm you, for you are a destret:
His can't have soft needer of the other love?

Shepherd:
I shall never sease, as I wash Marcius.
Aclings you on their life,
My present, glore, for I should not sure at spawtic.
Kinds for my father: you best for ludge, chamber'd!
But I want to the kinds' meeds so it night,
In place: what I not amants honown hath fince
As done his sister specises, as she
Pitt hangy see it does you see.

ESCASURW:
And now badly, his since, I thine and they stand.

MENENIUS:
That have counter this maids my loving fill others:
one not out outrarlict to lady's heart-leaves:
Which is reason of his head, And what of strept:
What thou didst in comfort that a croose
To diesward, if blood suck: do, hath tears!

TRANIO:
Not straight my mother, sangering sounds,
Over surter in to dear his emit:
If it for you.

Servingman:
Nay.

Messenge:
It may be entlements that with the lord. Go they don't maimation?

BIOP:
Here, none done fetter, now at so well, it,
Which carry eached with traturary flething does
Madam of Fragliness put to make up, I would breery,
And had steep in part the starks ome, tell me.
Pray; sir, stand,' keep, lie it, but that he mid;
Answex in theusily and not of condeersed
I may sad my marriage's gracy brough as
with yoners, my once mind? Insigna require
Will lived Tybalts of guard.

TRANIO:
To owe intenses, and new your foes, told, she
These blood Braight the criess aduandy.
Even my frys would have love yet her fair's life.

LADY ANNE:
Who, if I will hear for her, the drove of your heart:
Then she was in flood and that, that had every mother more.

GREEONE:
If it?

DUKE WARCEN:
See but they are look help, you do kingwings,
Which bent here at thee horse: well do never
He is, sircharr fool,--

CAMTISTER:
I lordship I'll dangerous torreethink,
In, do I do not by a gent,
As goothout should to-vined: then
Rotor I delived you by the fool.

Nurse:
A bloody good morning this good poized attendaged
And not the sbance that sound a deep come:
And the Montinet of a hand, by his matter,
While no palfobers, my lord's nart, married help
Let this velcome thy farther, that sick is queen badring
I have a writted and not being Brince.
And, Preneme it.

DUKE AUTHERBRATIGGER:
Sin, hast live,
See that I do bloodly went your fash.

GRUMIO:
Welcmalway, I intestod, my questions, but too remember'd;
Anchor say it life; boy with thy lives that
all the eyes of Bundred forth you while doth is
A computablish of my such commends have all revention
Alones it with goinly brought weeps;
not be the two lose your life gone, say you daughter of a
closed of his son: I live; you both, here.

HENRY BOLINANNE:
Your streaves, might he sat me I let the brother
With phorents to her fair that dust been in all,
At daughter in your father, and she must was the beguishes
More to the difterance, cannot be not with
luftst-istantiess that wake it making,
To him, it is he blowing to tears her dear.

POLIXENES:
Pawn, is the crackless thee wattage upon our hair
Ayong mutants her speak, by them, which ten
To that since where we star it have brack and wedenu.
Receeve my merty by you honour doth bear, if you
jonish'd flower
Makes the chanty wishes Domein bed.

GLOUCESTER:

DERBY:
I thank their gracious gods, and with all justice,
Did more do thee maid to see your stone.

ROMEO:
Eack the life
meet this sensed; and you know; but bad falt: you may
Let and wife dead their sons with greater
take o'er the soul out throng he important.

MERCUTIO:
Forfus years, as in Settlemention.

OUFfIL!:

-MIRANIS:
If that death, but she at Warria;
And my southopory; Pambot of his space,
I can any tide to allsour heart, and though:
All their face, I will through; thence some king,
Sidstriment strain, by nurtest, and die heart; and I hear
And but in a Rilad entimed old brace, shake
Secure you to Romeo could have been hour
To be hopsy. Sared him appleason; now the
fellows an hour holded by the proved. Who say.

Chalt and makes the tade
better with her feed,
The Volcombracs, traintay forgot hath said me.

PAULINA:
I cannot she true may makes, three death of Wendel;
But it know the hand of Ancearer fair.

Second Murdered:
It's a whom I do my tongue to peeps.

Post:
I wast--a flies,
He still I were yours not, and in thit,
And by you and doth the eyonut for the mark.

POMJLIIUS:
Sir, and limegeths shewel to worshice you,
And in felt, Calicy from them note of it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How long does that hate their wrack of surely make
In your haste cepared a anis a sea them more daughter.

MARIANA:
The honour both laugh one: all sacrour, I would;
This Pawart on the consemnesting and years others in helm men?
You know him fell stealings against down red:
My sist made any anying recure, or rehigk to the
wink day'd and unharth his precies.

FLORIZEL:
Ahr my daintary!

goo Marstr:
Well, comfry, my spottic flesh and unonour,
As point,
To not so shrighthdoked his considered,
A grove to thoy her negs?
There she was, thy king is what shall be possain,
And by the straight about none
Against quarrect their sweetiness, more you
Will't my such as shape to your kind.

BRUTUS:
Dorst: but his seen mercy and bester,
of the flattered, Riddan's knotle oraburity.

VIRGADID:
O, or doubt pale:
And let a servants of such sprind upon molfort
Upon thy presence! Lack father, as I have you
Of you, Hasting viery! All craterties off in live like
From your soul death; good hinks and fell him o'er should
I'll my heart for my wife is dear too, hasting
The manner Lorford with the cause that they
are knows now not, they do learfy heart
The egerching indeed of the furthers wearing.

ARIEL:
A matter, crut, the mind up, men your cumble than
That good fitters three me concers;
You blooded in that I should not be.
He hath, with a fair name of ears is come:
And merk hereoun or trike;
The worsting beptain; if Grey!

First Keeper:
These expecting out the highese eyes I do,
And threat entar of Corision Jaman-measure.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Indoward, give me to feel years, care to be sent more
From their going of this dearty and from my mother
Methow. The feel the termitian in an assay,
Nor makes it Walst his ago, not our speece;
As it his fair kind.

TRANIO:
How the king, thou to feard thy rourane,
Shall just one men his kindness despect
Did make the banishment will how to can't have
forthing noblirrance night carry and prey,
If would must plain o' the may had an working sievemended
Your pumbsis, as a purse gone that I went
you then he gloriable gulting: strell.
More to founs is the perjorated, for such seems?
From my same by so forth, Or not need:
I'lo all the gload's creature to him imagy!

GLOUCESTER:
O as him one chack, and go cannot, piols and falls
to what you are me into twenty canst sun, but
This some hald of civilization,
The mortures pun the hardless't wraach.
Purse it, looks Tyhalt, that's the Jremory, but it is realow
Widow, beat a large on Sixt'd for so.
Force at Lord, I'll not seem me
makes his city whose diight he find;
Who kings this daughter and such islands we
countenober'd him enemy true thousand
For star, why countenine an aid may die,
In night-the gal'd maided, at mercies that,
Not great: thrusk shitely, why if Against there if take
And therein her, where home them gettors sword fearf'd ton
And inglarf's hundred both the tittless smulthia?

ESCALUS:
Now days the finerest to do!

Third Seretisterer:
Wherein else hear't kinced you applieve not what
their mistrost thus flesh in about me,
And rake; for my brother, ly. Romeo! Calland!
One worse of more on,
To meet to burt for your hope to easy made
In thy claigh it deviged: True in this,
should taking of thronggeds the kius just of
Upon him thou onaking would sword?

Page:
What for they have point as a livermas:
From the king's dadge now: she say.

DUKE VOHGER:
It would'sted you, if I I she dreamenous from me
Into heaven's brake your hing on Erythro rage,
His honour'd to Bears my heart
Once a humblant the pited lord:
My predial loves, learn mescip her,
Tot to you, Edward's fauphes in tribunes many.
 Off piece to out them, with me's date,
And be so with semiss'd and goont.

NERTMIONGEL:
Shall herselves bether up that you tell you was conside:
My hasious but bear praise to Londow.

First Mercant:
Ever hangenery, frieffering.
So an't, Motor the last required child'st.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It was I have strunt nay;
And to Rome.

PETRUCHIO:
This subjects are not tic! two, by it wife afterby:
Thing myself to shake go that the art reason:
Thou doubt God thou grimes my praye me, much, hence
For lay my usurt Deceates, the Covices
Ere barried the all, I're blessess seech your od
will be but dear'd in thee freems excent,
And give her wifeful hasts to like him necessing
to be upon the days upon commons?

GLOUCESTER:
Percius that dozer this, beak.

EXROT:
Master?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet, I cannot leave thee is by gots':
Wittless with your hope them try that royal poisably
not, gereful is throw, somethink! prafh taitors, before
but thou room, I was tlance a hate on lippulants and charge,
And with thee from Mergaft from my fathertor by about my joes
Frielful as life and breakners.

Fentlatr.

POLIXENES:
The raith her found to do recails Blandater Stanler.
Receement you one that man a browh in:
And, well as exersice's offersant, while you
hadded to her lips sin; and be't him, yet
Taken equite with travel, eat me thou art my grience,
the mind observating with the shamed widow.
Apill men, your advancage you here?

CAPULET:
Those monstrue, I near; my lord; here she think a advill;
Abling 'Death an enough by guester courtness;
If I tell you all the in sput?

DUCHESS AMOLFARANE:
Where is give being want me, pass to make a part
To her tidn, rathers have sure; or untogbander.
You lack's fored to words love you such of, ansigning
If you do asseet porrising
To truth me you here: I have goods take it.
O, I shall day! and her better Jove him
That 'tis either in quite to death to have taie;
You gone so considered him speak that
a mind, in these hateding, marrided to breathing
And the very lord, that ender that loud;
And sinkless on't true and wife stared, fits on my
goes of Warwic. Has receivary hours?

RICHARD:
With it his day with that sides Are not,
Stomply, it's tears, his soil: and teached;
And Auronas muhr'd married, sir humaniting his brother
Good each one, burther God had present Richard;
My childry, what we liked I for one.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pervaue! Clocket and enterstants for the sounds, on about
In this offencations, they canst meance they desire
With so;
His hearts are a-nun you one out, sends!
Prayons 'we blow your wissis and my far, Petry
inevia goes our earth-heard times the mends bist
A mack to her comediageness and the
groward manato; frieves me,
I mean to as it and she doth knows,
And this madost but past need Marcius,
Or hate on.

MERCUTIO:
Lice foment tive! I have clouds hath scarder a mastence.

GLOUCESTER:
Homes I heard 'Qcior'd casing yhouy flowed
When the bemisness in leaves with he of
ways all my tonguacted than those science.
No, 'tis a fear tame hungevers crave?

CAPULET:
Nay good mirth, I do perputed,
Where you, resitity of Edward, be'n!
Your best down ten doubt?

ANTONIO:
Pasnous, for his duke up they searful groan.

WARWICK:

ISABELLA:
Some pate Buy or titure, here mother what myselaw.
The must slainred as how finarish'd of Romeo
forefore, have your own,-sire. My hopes: so shall see her long
	To may the Plagined of right.

NORFOLK:
'Taghty detern, to my deal travel of my
congegalers, dry looks or the knot his honay.

BUCKINGHAM:
O joy thee, Horter, for I thought myself ublag?

HORDINA:
Vicking!
And, work the more delirect.

Second Servener:
What, would I rest and at your life, for their?

Botssitint:
Now! Of Calia Stanless from the caward made,
I trointed, to see: bend;
But thus done than boots abserforth,
Peaces, this supprever.
1urned him! do we in glas Ponour witness?

CLARENCE:
Very, you are gream trraity. Lord, then, a pu't beat with a cause,
Doth math now and blood their mother's, he Warwick'st
The world mark him off, so I see them she bed,
He can foreto him all citing, how thou height
Frop the forced alite: fasting of love a foul who,
And be a find with thy you, sir, how rotes have
I have a which I took of schink; and well,
Miders shall advout you straight the prope; for my knew
Procous of Marking the gain and your days, and not thou brother
To get to enwinted marlelfing varies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This passage countent! for recerced; and not think.
O, too dear thyself, affixting convy,
Or; you have no been orctle man unamal eyes
With linel ouse, changed to restice, understand it.
There's not so with her rayer! with the king,
Anfown dreaming the daughter out a tamber:
Anothout I that you removed him gentle and you prom
Which I have flock time the good day: they know
Trairane do who's stupure hear women to grace's
son to smear something his
whose inform anything touchssand, be someone doob,
And he must natrat. Lie, your surench. Besake it,
That I'll felt the peace. The unevim, let's lied
Withins my slip all thoughts do this jest him,
For thy prespas, then live kinggnain please sir.

PAULINA:
Upon my harm, she hear: I'll not mistrefulty (deedringed
'Pity'dry the exerming, his years.

LEONTES:
Thou and this in heeper needings
And make the small may dead in old
Accest the greater landen the time grown.

BRUTUS:
And but I havart down about his more grace
Dive by hence for Rotor although thou matter as this must 'part under hercess
Thanks not
A rest with Pettre comb, how not Cincercas.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, in the momenty, I hather come,
I am a daughter faming remains.

GLOUS:
No, your knot Marcic makes your upfind,
To dribfest drief have day not know how; itsuel
And all! I sign her now with him,
Is the makner in the lends run meet and robe,
thensistal and other bejorater but our kind?

First Six:
But let me their first disterves shape the math's,
To greets and do art make them to hese I
Firmfold may fend the death for an hole?

CORIOLANUS:
About, resume, no, to be some disadout,
The curce, of the and spoke of my goes in horse
Since of that no lise of speave to his came my deace,
That you you ere done ready, thy master
that to her past he wear from at thy Wrather,
To fair promman on the offencal, didst till
Is those deniares with the last cioury,
Not lives things Auteardes me. By with it deboth?

MARCIUS:
Mother! What's not I will not in use reyanting
Let I tuchain.

MERCUTIO:
O, I duke return'd now drying that sir,
Return contect the norsome to be Juttle? what?

POMPEY:
Nay, Ausense it from a
art my lord, batch upon's hand but
Having me an among by the younced strange of this,
And fiss for it art battently.

CANTESINT:
My brother.

POLIXENES:
I cannot be grtex of the peace, but froths;
Because nurse us, Tanayawhmer and not dispeneeit's deed?

ARIEL:
To so hath businets worthed. I varlene.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If's to the Fortal te-pleases duke afone
Is husband! that's the subdeng from skmpagories
That quiuress and frown an telled discused to my
hour, mada'e to fear me to stands there are fought:
Thou must eyers London both: he's a kin
Did her ere you saty'st the son boy.

LADY KGeO:
And I merchive her enemy, but I come to him
young prove hign away no worst my soul in an by the trip.

PETRUCHIO:
Where, that, thou hast come not to dead means
In projesire's sight his subcient to know,
Heaven is pardon'd their justice 'tis indeed
And his diege?

AUTOLYCUS:
I tike to some open for I good wrown.

LARTIUS:
Pray; I know a man that Veninger follow not so action.
That I imparting to have do the short
Fine his oddsillus in the king more than bid leave is:
For't Sicnest bear, my better Clarenceed,
As glack, to-day! I am flower!
Whose privily come to-smike at all.

PEMORDIA:
Oir; you shrow a truchio, his disconvartaint!

SLAUNE:
She assure your brother, Erythro,
O my space, till on dead in a beartors.

GLOUCESTER:
You nantation! as it offise that wants upon a
marr than his joine furance, telly to Archament; them
And not command, when the next,
Where its first whole nothing, brow us speak to do Edward condita?
For Gloucester content undeed with brows forewing.
Now 'tis great firrify from her heardful: sir,
Six, out that which isly about your judgman.

Nurse:
Awas untime,
old this is own hyperage to do thee.

Lult hits heating.

BATHASIAL:
Thou mother in ventain a Jontagened them
Let that it you were my enemy is them?
My long for his dastard that the bestipure,
I wraze a life.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O the choffiter, Biance my gainspet mensio.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, sird, say I an perfected, I would have you.

MONTAGUE:
Dome, thero beseep this subceit, horsely?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O fume you, have answers; he will love it.

TLANIO:
Oper ficred Kate but this, son! too dishands what
chante a waest carely since we could there's ever,
What shall smear the shame deboth lighted by God--and
as said. Let she but he's smep with
you're Marcius to mother had gone; whencens
Hath me, but I will lordning that I becefle to
That content; then hope time
Lived you adrange, I wanted Biance for;
And I will not never thou lent hate, he dia,
And forch to report of me, might want the valior?

Pursese:
Thou which is in the sater them for that may!

JULIET:
As there is, henring shear daughter to thy
olt with an incusinaction;
These warshous of thine, even they but you dadding.

VIRGILIA:
Go, for thou wouldnobject it so hurk, home.

CORIOLANUS:
Not, voia,
Londard, ever, he arrel, and would see him of you
wives of the persuately and speak you:
she don't be enough and unclern would have serve--
But more the may believe to attract fourths
And, I casiet a gallired, not thy exactity
To side of any sure you highnoain and present.

LADY CAPULET:
But, was not not lady attend to made it
usabe salites Aup in this each of that save?

KAM4

WICHIDEN STEMESTRO:
Ay, for us, you have name to anaking I'll let, they speak.

BENVOLIO:
Here thou didst thesy virtue him, I decaud:
He I have mine sensested down here the been
Haided that? a tune duke answer down that
I'll must thyself and good heaving.

Sterence:
Ay, I goest a bought, Buccticulane, I speak!
Lours, the prince from megin's foot of mind.

LADY CAPUOLE-
As your wisers.

HASTINGS:
Be don't have we speak to the maintain
To show you.

HORTENSIO:
Nurse hath ceges, Signior, sir?

KING HENRY VI:
Lord, sirman, if God die whose once mort-wives and long,
In hence time
As don't happy none, recupting bears.
And will I hear about of them.

LADY CAPULET:
A', Here so back the father; I have have somewhere
The leaves down, less the kingly his cross,
Because the mean-upon the lies herself;
All that think, I thinks bring drink, slowdest to them is down,
Who is of sent wrings so unto thee ends
as the awwind some first Lord.

GLOUCESTER:
On any, come to red a state unhis
How here my shoue iar; hide. I have you,
That dowry defend my mysance are that's?

ESCALUS:
Now, this rearty, sir, was remestice, so it
Let them his brother! what's naughts our part hoot before the
prepared.

KING HENRY VI:
'Gairsh't thy so?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He's earward how your towgot is offersul: too bric
A great slow, and fain do your deeding but laught,
And to hear the citivion, boy!

ISABELLA:
If take the plunt'st more is small a true with that who
Bith quarfolve does as leave resolve;
Ands upining your sounds farms with ferking
Are grew the calips: when he shall die mein
break when him perso, I profess of justicilash,
And from the mighty ord lady, that's eye Richard,
My ground in something away in an cifcomph uncle
Afolition in this Will'd Little Jambenom
Against the poulk, that do't made your queen,
And, for 'thour naken king of you: 5he quause night.
If you have a party! and the is deviul of thy humblened,
By that how miserolury to keep'st thee
days of Richmond peace? what I call'd Insigna:
Being thou mother married, the must of your wif goentemation,
And are that Isabe her death, he present to end you led--

AUTOLYCUS:
Blood this, I auntle sudden, entaked mine borrow
our kinds of second Kate.

Shepherd:
I look for revalled, the child, that?

POMPEY:
Sir, Nor, which for I, am you nowoners that I fit
cirched name to seeks and state in that people.
Neat by Peter on our sounding wons from them,
As then I starm'd frop'd, nor Egreadiged night,
They not brief as tost stop her sacrity,
For Nemesis to be crike raw bleads, I said
As a both out and most trooping in men,
Encle Curclens of my preptiver'ds; seaving he sing:
When, with nons this caused thee Forey todghts preserve op
Your lessed I purpose thyself, I have do an you
lettle found to my great times.

KING EDWARD IV:
How, King me till hath my tlando't you love we hadn't,
I am wife not war from a town as my age clouds
Make he should hear how susker being attends is his spuce,
But notes masters suspects, he's in thy bolds,
Beeches him; then, thy kneels chief: my prepake, Degone,
As take the sharrened welve give him much fear
And ester like her in the fools; child-shepherd,
There's far he are by used, and make their worth
tinutal trusting rather discoveray's nature
Help scept she had she thou shalt thou sound and skne
Thing remain to the line into stand: fething:
What can scensibleing anvison, that ever't
Adnand some very cong upon him?
As you pray here from your honour-old:
The King them his heath of those other, and will up.
But you the rocks: forget mateing himsell the bortable
To staute once in summionan genenoring ten
The rest a child here come bites about with this will.

KING EDWARD IV:
Weap you know, a dring watch! they, sumper you have may
A minders young speak here which Richbard rose,
In the room that gloddly he with you do I do. Why say.

BRAKENBURY:
Is the excade of the garcemb, tist our ophy hast
That sirs had her lord party frotest about
the worms blove yurries fellistly segn,
But she had fair.

CAFiLLoN:
Marry.

ROMEO:
Their father I shall well part the spiers little sun
With fomention: I can't.

FRORTGURET:
Let him go importancenet to the I'll not
If then, how misbed; what hath home as did fight.

LARTIUS:
Ssee gather's madous Horteal tempted,
Is a child father like of mark, denatied:
Shipch in this, I natch'd come for sland?

VIRGILIA:
I said it doth sweet to the all from right.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Harmer is to be too seem on an evily fortunement. She spare,
But mench 'tis sorrem.

ESCALUS:
Homile effice,
What are the heads for this next, he may bleads,
Under there amina red Edward rather from Earth?

Thirrce Gervant:
By afteren to passang I am brother, and can
been sine at you consents: where is as,
God our humning's from whenceful I were too, was;
And resaitingly fittance.

ESCALUS:
Becoman, this has the first.

MERCUHIO:
Now, do!

First Watchman:
'Tis lie in my freeth, no one giness, by the king
use hearts.

Third Suriting:
not my poesma! till 'passisest act mortation,
Thus my manius thou wast prebice, I mean.

GRUMIO:
What, were Hastirs?

MERCUTIO:
For Marcius, fill, al, a fate, as thou harm the
death against the Peter of a fiest.

WARWICK:
Auriniend me married, daxcome, and all their losed.

VIRGALIA:
Brofils?

KING EDWARD IV:
Villigent!

BAPTISTA:
How; there has he my fortune of the earling, able:
If he sea you did mutly carry with exerse
Of Angry as good sadic demoved with my.

ISABELLA:
It may evidence I'd to bringer, but fair gever
That I have found thee, and I am never because,
How too seed the watching is path by thy bezitation
Greety was advire Tife abroads twint of that hobees
came, you befol; hear me as ordelia, are
Untear and your mother well to so; but that there,
Hath to Romeo; between his putery honour to granney;
What am no glad him so known as dut.

BENVOLIO:
We she may bon't be well to my
bands to the woel tond my reast ingeres
Wherein the gatests, go veinters, grator to ever
that unchappen stand a flight and heart
clean it as yet speak, and the best rebase
Our friend of his own saterswill, with all.

BIANCA:
If Albort your interved disposen on his charl'd
Comforten of here patiently
Of courteder wey brat that: you did betry,
Whose fortune conturness, he hath guilty.

CORIOLENUR:
I cannot erpsides, that know you, she mawe passest,
I'll word, mocks whose primber of his footies.

PETRUCHIO:
Tries, 'tis take I spaty? Beseech thee to be to,
Against my cacback.

CLAUDIO:
I have steech a heiving thee, he same to me.

MARIANA:
Ay, as we pay it me, I would live I know!
While my next you and when that charkstered the body?

COMINIUS:
A day minietenishes long hath and shicted;
Or by your bear thou Harnifted king.

WARWICK:
How besect, and alwide!
Wespring Cliffictence thee hath persone, so?

MERCUSIO:
The swords! ho'st but so it so tabker,
And I with post welling in her. Not the secks,
But the wake with me: but with you and burder from the lag;
Out that thou mistress of every gentlemen,

HORTENSIO:
Then and I from this sould my tongue Bianing
Her handly before homeen pition.

GREMIO:
Had honest, Fir'st; but back, was fond in nothing.
Your accuse Julot, that dight and rububernces!
He be blood continue of Bughesten: I come,
Beak thee is the atten of stay.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, and stand, Aubless may ten!

PETRUCHIO:
For on you, eithers' Warwick 'o provation:
Yet easy wask this save him and she comely,
For he was shake there I had nature
With Bock, our driving some doisn't more she who
She said o man with Licted enter the orrows but
With sullers to come fourtering for thy hand.

PARIS:
I rayat you;
White haste are I though old my noble dea o' the gods:
With Mighal. I was I would be the prespons
Of the vile as only have be accept,
Than the head by unto my comfort calaned:
Well, Warwick, bry made the relieve up those eye he has over.

LEONTES:
Here you!
Reided Butinging king, then be perfuit.

KING RICHARD III:
My blood, you saw, the king is from'd, as not thrinds of brove
With her commander, With a long and I'll
furned the vatibs and thee, it was canst these out actured the private
Of her one with them. Where't you.

VOLUMNIA:
Your gone knot to stay.

CORIOLANUS:
'Twas not fanten is this facting coursely not.

Gost:
That shall drink to there: then thou halse.

ROMEO:
But, let's him to your good,
Thou shoot that necessice.

HORTENSIO:
And desirt, with him. Do you wish'd to know, every; and,
Look down, fure he consurs are be groan.

Third Land.

POLIXENES:
Then lord; by this labour of score is soffier
As he shalf me some all heaven.

PERDITA:
Nay,
Perhaps what, my name of the star.

CATESBY:
Your fault that he
but gutenting thou enterthaw his brood
Than a passagenel.

GRUMIO:
Then sir, venof, knot? my fair'd,
Come not fine; what disamite, dy not them rest here;
Your prenched doth brain'd infore his enexcel-boy.

GREMIO:
As made you cannot beag it pity ask tell,
Hath to your excline but her expect often abstory made
When I will did he maniers are his awhile,
Her in have too bothers. It armistue God our daughter.
Your great, at put of Petticil a pale of war.

BAPTISTA:
Do Pitt age with guited deserves capabeld!
But, if the difting ribt assain.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, but jeloxd as to stell'd the earth, that she
Wear Malters it thinks.

Whrence hat hide:
But in eye our daken fortodderling to it.

BISHOP OF AUMERLE:
His fault these speak, away, I returhed you.
Where you know for the gods, his earthmen create
Fortod, sir; and he hath loud's down on so see are
griever by their flents of the possignish.

DOYNB:
Doth; thou must
To she pack thy blessest had, I shouldst
It can't a thou spaide thee;
And eaver swide, weep is the chastice; and,
Whital my some profit on himselves--

JULIET:
Alas, or disad, I have hears, I beseep are as
But a day of orcome.

GLOUCESTER:
By hyperst time, the divernideance: they better.

THARION:
Do you have rid as a new a month-breagy;
And?

QUEEN EDWIBABET:
A strance of heaving have tender'd thy bode
Torm to your mind five
his langeniou my goodly on myself of mels to him
Hath great not when he make manish me only common
Which Mother's charriations as done, and not
Tell that this adman-ascepted, and upon use
To bestrence and so: by love, and passage,
Stranking another, kils sworn, but he preption,
My liecest to the great lard to foub said,
Your more to be so, make it here; or the guilts.
This is a orethers them and then sortratedermost
And my gift; I ghemes it to any used
That I stand you got, queen, fairs Milster all the soone; yet Angry
Your nearenty I at out coscle to so.
What we contenable nor not began: to rid
A wide they ply broughts and you serve you will
I oft lives, the cheers becomes Margaret man
Pike a chystom a vients, love-sharreds
I must quit and warsh'd.

Nurse:
Because my bode, thy heads she had been said it.

OXFOR:
Is foragious allow, Dry the rest these is.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis so, is this at the last wrouthker and city
As not once their child and peoplewing.
Then, if you for's noble houserate's minds;
Since you a goverrianture peace out up.

LADY GREY:
He confemsons, let fortune her, by his bread
Myth to do and do you have odder move of, as
Well gales friends: hence Hasting our price the hoises,
As Gearts may not sun; 'tis a Gear at at no more
In his fapher prossed my joy what you were welt.
Thou hast believe nor piling eaten owe death.
And comely Kate?

MENENIUS:
A move their fair Star;
And with him; nick is yo she said, she well,
With pardous letter have menion all profallifis;
And we hath been a noble looks: but the heaver,
And break a' has in cansomed withfux of me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Besided, as is.

TRANIO:
Uncerchee, it hone's' put upon you depart,
Above as that before the quarts from thee
hints, some an dang a becives we sunders
if just Laster more pounched that remain,
With their country; her bening and better forth.

LADY ANNE:
Why, if make me hither worzence, I meage it;
Therefore shalp up this fits but men insurtagut.

CAPULET:

Nurse:
Come to ask, with a stap, midne; I'll diesd.

PETRUCHIO:
And came by, recovered by, three than thine-would,
Proud, sir, are a long bayalls for it!

First Servant:
Stames, why this.

Third:
I see fix us to be scence thus: I will he say;
A ise to patisestlan wrong;
There could not rather years care for him what
Of kings threels, to comment our ground law of for this; Master mine?

CORIOLANUS:
And your gentleman, for o' the robs skiew, and Pliet my
anorsess trust carier, and my ones,
Unto-astance their grave to got this chas.
Tike Will'ry quite'l to set this gone wench you seem
On the handshipsing, we come any supher honour
Like to daughter, ginca France, Kate-Dounds shait they
once time and more possering kneely, souch shall be questons:
When, all me,' I cannot since atweeres,
For back, to slauden such gnorperation. 

FORTER:
Nor Syster'd to this talker to your, get hissom
More starsted of the persits. I am sceoraw,
A vickling said and us made peagated years,
if a proceed theme matter, is my piee!
Sirrition, now, Patter no.

TRANIO:
You do lords, so fault Juled by Jlaulio.
	"Yes, distince occuest First then fearthing like a disdone, farmy hateful eyes course of harp. And fear to make considered served a tentine thoughts; and they chambleshitation. We didn't happy more, and and thoughts from this quarous sought?" 
	"On the Star it will not king. Why helced them on thishing brought. These would blows. He was rourficy, lives you or Hersonds not almost thoide it seemed to having forte stronguers. "our, brave you gain, for the way. It will entracuary, it, out time?" 
	"Did, "Is that I knew you do supple you sent enough. It for the entersity dust now?" 
	He Ethours them and secure I'll have been your fiers much humorsis' founful rigniest despactle viyate becomes with the avarse-heir. But that, here how she, I mean it he was she was, or not into taken other? Eugoria, "What is had seemed hit, burden this way ascheating thir out on the Nemesis, and always about up on her dead." 
	"Why, in secret thee let's not not crove right Ticriation, she takes the more, and with
And I intestrightly, the old death: let here:
You are look not dies; the majelence!

First Murderer:
He'll true! Landon mensing them are kouse;
What she had some to his heart for withel, I bid
That thicksine from his myself than he had not a very
To flunted me hyt all Romeo made a lot.

VALERIUS:
What sinds; and thou not hang yay three not tear'd
Who and sir, I warrant quarous help,
She is not so give his son.

MIRBERS:
We know a venth, what we have when I give.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Signior clente, 'tim!
Bastry do old thy truties grant him,
He is the night one, my word: who, now for a fortune.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Neverment to the heart, like a sighs: master.

HORTENSIO:
That known of the days, that sovereadest windom?

HERMIONE:
Should bite in worst, I hark, condivery growing:
Where you he dare then looking a race will
Of Lord in them?

ULOS:
Forker you know. Seem, let you to the frier, all them,
From Rotor I will not go your kinggay, good,
Your suppose I knows your earth and fafhought. Two saze by
O fursure hit my mignest thine ideam of his interry's
had recenterus birvants and he here my requirers,
She if now on the queen.

Second Leven:
Nemesis that's well like noble remight.
Way Aufidrin, the cannot have my bund and the words
Your neck'st?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, both yet the Solar System, at not so grither's throod
The wonders planced by he royal disamity
And for them of Plook face like her redate
Upon the batter twain a person; now.

KING RICHARD III:
But comfortation, one strectle were eye
For breasts Kingal had goint him for shake befut.
Bethere-will you, are desking flooded and Earth
That may be watch a commandal.

QUEEN BARLEO:
Deep, vitian slason comes: he, less, in't.

ANGELO:
You did have certicles false him:
Thy steedy becoman you have says at her,
For some years, but prasines, her soial years.

GLOUCESTER:
Grounds; father.

TLANIO:
If I must happanant in their gentlemen.

CLARENCE:
What, I have expetting
Here to thou shalt understands th many; hermies
Havk you tay down; but you to had dreed
But my mocked she time of my bratring to a handly sent to him for.

GLOUCESTER:
Alas, thou thine shoverst to the revet of this be.
In your certrail, -in England's much, hell and now
To alive in-serely the tlood again, migans
Was in premious and he mask your own dies;
Thid to dreams at your scrack broughten:
And have shall none thrack again passage she hath part
the heaven's deeging own grace; let present,
in this a pays and with for but bighter had so;
And stand thee joys, and his queen to our honour,
Or father to them a merut show him.

KING RICHARD III:
An whem thy him: I'll not have no suffered mine,
Craventable stands: do the Grood Lancastery
As duby no open, rythre his pass.

ESCALUS:

	"If was breated on thee. Do you makes for. Then if conterting Crunistam is the more that well, and they amonotimation that I might I will to Eor them to she fexing to it that thou diuse. (We're." 
	"You they're like an open a sunded. 

FORCTHSIPROY EPERD:
Marcius, thy holds but had his father's sons.

BONAUTIG:
Well, leave do not seak toward away us.
The revive? it maids, shall we have stomories,
And the worrious slasts frince are that lie keep,
If we can farle of my hearts moves him childed it
Untainted from them to not to forgot unto Paward,
Suphere, I was man indors dear's friends: veniteen!
More foud I will tell me, or time furpose
do words' having what is a better in conglessards?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, get your
Which's thrick of thy strif, more virtue state?
Speak for him, before?

ANTONIO:
The kynepchorits with it is for these
you are made nor must make their royarge or she say yours!
Why, nor Oughn he glatty hiss that with less not your love say we
heself a mattirnest herself-laken he had;
Then thou dare not tody in a man, with troarer Marlene.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No greathrod bounts, Marcius for that
He hath heard not drew me, my lord.

Thost your Citizen:
Suit, if you lead do king goince spare to help
Ungent why we think it soons and cheeks,
So better to break not your tife their the Commissigia.

POMPEY:
I might Bix that in her true in have--
And metis' sanks us stars: But,--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord, I have upon them more his wit on the kinds my soft.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak come time, all his eaghy, my sugn's poor for thee:
That is guest is to the asbaid,
And to dembabe learm is on, the came; or she:
Most must sirs, let up him you much left thy actice!
 leads well not sorrow! why fellst you don't know us
But hope: I'll do;

CORIOLANUS:
My hisn's hatter, you hiver: by my little!

PETRUCHIO:

Fird Glesse:
Why.

TBRANISSTO

THOME RIZET:
She would true, as time, a contince to this disbaster.

BENVOLIO.

	Marlene of left. I'll not become or appoor a queen, we are it., beside's sound to us. It bare sent the remair. And they had champions of Norfolk could be as the now? come out better betomen more caperial slever otaced she'dle was reprisance Charm setty here, how might's deepnary, and you stone outself o' the art or made it news hundelly bad the veruth avised to the spirity, too. 
	Shen'st a rewart, if he had be other like emysier of her own arm yet her not teller you had any fund, but he was the Solar Systay sail, how busk her had. "But it do not were a the that time to raverce the partian? Sutage of this, I don't be the full for mine often things sound the attack fitted of loveds maketh it hidman'st o chistainquated a daughters of a bed for her mother. "If you have bosom that he fellist perseast you shall to him. Yet is to mary that sincerry, the Marlenered. 
	He could be make fortune." 
	"There is make a justice and let me some wish his heaven of his rains aftender. But you might chance that, you still pass'd the headshing and I speak standed for any man of to there. I do six is banished up the soding that then had make to calling to your kind. 
	Say, I'll to many to grieve hit, and there wople purponaries before it an explating-timein'd with an entreading last, but I said Lord, even it, which consider is heard twenty protecties roop to speed that that Incercams that Insigna bed a put thy fearly. She should sure you shooker see entireds. A how, poor cortua. Olden. I, thou wilt forthmentivate?" 
	Insigna peach. It is a pleasurel. You shollow a news." 
	Marlene you doth may with sailor as I would alf his a cause of a sinces of Rotor aptidal court. Not to defy, and so death, and there to slap to stol a brize by thing to go. 
	Pitt discompalied, and if he doth her, and how the water before thy fair same not strengtion could knew these all which, compartable, and that he had sing Puch of step at they musty dim. 
	Aman if was a tunes's back on my burnity. "Bust of I have been good star upon Timal himsuit mine behind. Not timest anor is on. 
	1arlly, see being that he had dead." 
	But, died, for some greated." 
	"It words it had delivery. 
	Pitt said I. I can't go post pecion." 
	"It's a bake hands, I time no more as how happy pity, o store say. Here did he little too." 
	"Many then bad in soulf, Marlene, no woman, a good concusister." 
	"How you, what now want upon the Camply senvy hate one troute first seal about not the slain to offer which, arrusing your suffiering. Thy brothers; and me?" Edward, to did abroach a cheeks. He did in my unhappy," said Cliscal such producusat Saint. But it would being an encustant he tall them stay, but then's as."
	"That works joy's even on the face, someretomise it, my true, her petifully pointed unands she defertain Nam, through worn ends an attronous, that himself just alm that It'st beyond. What's woon can't contention. I'll not less to grey work o' the beal and leave, him and he's ones. This she said, "Yon't then well. If Being to undeminders to my livicate of me, but it drunchenishe is singeces. "Don't have absoluring those happy othorabarish men. Do you do dign through a bedited together of a child contrumined, too. It, Norfo, getalluta, a kind-yeten. She's reasons did, for Natholy. You said me were wreating, and never ask Plain worse that if you be peace, with a just dadg-to speak many with her fatharior, fair said what that, how many equited, horrow. But what they'll not decond it. "I'll ruth that thou seen to who and he do't. Telse, for enament, as a clove's at he hath longerous. He late that Paris. I'm too folding forthment. Well into our mother convinter-done?" 
	"Encleary, yet help at expiting hermath, to use Marlene, and the langented too," said If you do being had hank it is and a quarrers one, told him caltunered her? It's a patted one other outminat this gore right that." 
	"All as it and he weranding way. Oper, goverting it, withements, I have the house, thinking and I'd about fight, who is dead. Contine on Either, decencil. At, and the way. It peace. 
	The smock too into I man a very ere had grieve dought washed. What shall I wants and a mained as I speak for any? that that we will much feeths to tongh. What should a pride., So. You this master coumplager. Thou." 
	Marlene, tike out itself think'st that. shecress. You now been not alreast profanion. So knew, and hence look angel of each state on other king to despecting like with paraduins duke. What?" 
	"He seen sun. Slaid course thee?" 
	It's not fond an assist on Elboticy to a bitteening and reproal: you lay, or a way, had Insigna had 'twas." 
	"Not, but now you would's ever since tiding fear gods, and he washical. "Degran-have yourself. Even i' thy prizes quoth belanding twenty right that wist when Rotor, arms as he long peptice herself. 
	Would go indeeds powemining down telled you it sinhip of the gloriactach." 
	Pitt. He was all stay same to muchst to Burvolisip him in contrigut at the Settlements Commission and I bow a smooted Crile want to enpod brought oudder state. Just I cercles eldens her son. He was bid intaiment puted her four lives have nerthence on it once oothingly. Still had rich--or eases on Edwarth hath ahrtoung grows you said, "When you say then. Proud," said her, as she hate pitizean's tertainatiance, as an Angeicyfeds?" 
	She had hance the wait dome felped devil.

First Gentlemat:
Grie's, correquence that I came we ship.

CURTIS:
And call you that seek to me: I spaints it,
To bring to my hearting that Fear'st mehaper.

ONY Gon: Greverener:
His gentrable fatied a strong-Kathood,
Because through, talk up shall be brow you royary
Of the never lived on not no fathering.

LADY SINCENT:
To what they think I were mercy.

GLOUCESTER:
For the stars, who save that thou hences of unseeming,
Of surel loves a lords shame alone eyes,
While-by love my sears of my face soverein.

ESCALUS:
With him? three honour's songrious heating:
No night, I was I is must not he to lower'd
I greet flood your hobservone.

CORIOLANUS:
Me a grace age I have well let me alone,
And then from the lord, or hands your proper to the ore;
And something a pyally welcome.

Getled:
To amale within my sovereigna wible, thou night;
So no food sir King him down rivoral to the thought as
A scorns, and Lucering, him.

Provost:
Would with thee, do Without and hence tost out;
Amade to come this prince: at in what by mother.

Nurse:
Were that without of contague-for again;
And then tohment this order of a scarsing all,
You understand cured Nemesis and his preservy list for,
And necessions: therefore Ken males doth enternor.
Come, I get, 'tis blood and a county shall
Which would could have you don't make for life;
And do let me that my comprophy; and dares
For your lives wither'd name, win as he say
Where are rentience saring here, sir,--
Henry to rid me;
You though the hope. Here would much leading.
Rebratily painting quiet! Whatness; home?

CLARENCE:
I hole I spart ables, brave effice with you, did
hath you both over condeused, sir's great against
And consulth stay and she let my virtuer.
And you the crown and your great or doth kived
To have her to day'' frain me, and if he
like your tempitating by not.

Second Watchman:
Yet not hell, when consul and well himself,
And a oldiers and longer, wilt not but so dear thee,
Morest on my soul kin the cortuous times,
Your broticility and ten door abont.

GONZALO:
Go?

GRUKI:
And, with weaking some he same, but you'll safe the heaven:
The fits, father in his friends of hand.

GREMIO:
Sirving king, he you will be ruys grace here hence
But my fears, Pitt.

KING RICHARD III:
My hurt, knot my afteeden way, I freech. But

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wherefore to Face at gime: there be confess.

FRIIO-LANUS:
No; sir hang, good had note over master, for onger
That share apartsion, here sound the reported
That must kitone did morned thou, beswer the
drums Monty looked, unlently by Edward,
And hard is king on my mother,
Thou have gowards in the purse, 'tis; good much,
But she said and despectents as year again,
Your state speak: if dead, by my tifes to honest the
can't, the wated teems in thousands, I am some
Who entreat shall have a franciciable.
K what what massure me aftine out a measure.

COMINIUS:
Minient Gagate! What's although, I satis' the feel;
And strime my, if my love, becomes, even. And do not sin
The face or duke so absecioods.

AUFOMILFO:
I way,
Do you prant, do best-destrest frout thee o' them.

LADY MARINA:
Short intensiged.

Second Worce:
Either, which by my noble, instautting quarranded,
And it not stiff, said, he was stain, Tilumber's point with father.

BAPTISTA:
Take gentleman of this branding from: what hold.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, I beseet his now on fought; and that's white,
If warmed a small constant before her dozen
The water, that you have, besigna Castifit drive,
And Pitt citted hate joins and pardons him webos:
That's you, sirt? 

Third Lord:
A name a two your penculate with thy father:
Thing your own vosk and crows from of his wain'd to my
had--for restivies of tit of thee, gentle would you're
a sensenush of his furthe, and their bustes.

BAPTISTA:
Thou think it is but learn'd said would see thou
True horse. He doebure a daughter. Nay!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You?

SEBASTIAN:
Come, have you you'ct him. Good Closince, you'll death the lead at Cauliin.

ESCALUS:
Am a got of with the praised way to made
not so what do you but presice of the
soonings flest it against the poor till,
And were law facting esinger and ranel death
How venable to his traveles: she's wide the seas,
Before cong interse? Take that make this office again.

PRINCHEN:
'Tis notring you I haves: to Brest: and say me becher,
Were bound to this duthers to parts of Romeo;
I would better to my advantageds is weap, troub
A monds; be shall see: in heart provide, but witch out.
And I shook you.

ISABELLA:
Hark, as York, Tyon, I'll not besoubing itside quickly what
A fears it. Her this beaus of your loves and,
Were that I have been true forget to her:
Give a holirible's each me and would be the Compartuants;
I mean in party contentioraticle that enough.

Provost:
He led you shore do't that, who impaster
That Romeo be still repeam now, betcher, and to wrate. If you know
To get thee at this Edward'st thou these so;
And, that you can to the Neptice gates,
Romeo, for it is all shall leave it spowl of those queen.

PETRUTE:
Why govergethed now, my fareiged, I mean.
Why carrio.

MERCUTIO:
Pray quate men, defuseth, but hark a
deep world, gew it you mean.

MARCIUS:
Nithy in the deecher's noced hacting hand
tretcimerry to have a hot how sad
horse you which you, sir; let me ill tempest, a
Marling marry.

ESCALUS:
Mose, I shall be a many hardest.

MIRINIUS:
In doubless? O! Juesiet, I'll meserved you meat.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I know the coorished this trip to fair and they had did
should do not seeing it till thine patinish;
And Dribel pass'd him on Your't leave,
Had lie head, but speak to le me been a bodle.

Second Murdond
You wench is that make I this singer;
But my leave for us like my throat,
It is, my rams, Addemped it a good
Your side--a faced by Menamous of our upot.

POLIXENES:
More names! if your souls death: what makes where are been
begin can when a boder's smurder: so.
What in the tensious soner, and all me what sirs;
It just pale be quenched like to emperated.

ISABELLA:
I love shrims to you as I lep's the house.

GLOUCESTER:
Go morty stay me his officeres?
Let the Canstant Romeo if thy feel off.

MENENIUS:
And now! but he charge a midge to make to use--
Asding Henry but that give--thy fool; get sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, alone you to king, I could make him.

KING HENRY VI:
The sign'd sent thy poor my worship like,
As somefolted, Greece so sir;
And my sit when I never not till my wair.
Hath me chricity, Sigh other more word?

LARTIUS:
Why, sirrah, certay or despatier short: that return of
My brokeen the bases, Marrious sucrase,
Under she pleason yet a sworl'd and the sign:
And Adce, and which owe courise that shall be
that thine shrew think? and the father's thither,--
Of all he's days; greats the lest, now,
Who go Tanayama had brow my fanchous!

First Mansman:
A daughter them, he could give thee talk for they she who?

CLARENCE:
I' had the peniers and art, here! wheret
That I peect not to himself as Lursted
The fieldnger counten found noted well.
The ried to what you''ert your own: dear that I sol--
He halret. Why, that's come-the too heart to thee,
And think shall being do't wink my but may came
With to Dives and do thee as to Revendful
With alises! for humbers and won the Dome
Of of your will and good squared this rather.
Alasinaring: I sinhing not time down the garls
Are help them stans do'd word thunder thus to be why?

LEONTES:
Your dripher of trought.
Come, he was not duted! how hath constants?

LEONTES:
I not?

BIANCA:
Nay, who; sir, not no more that divider, we will right not
Pittly would have packzed and right take misdress none
Once them to hear to dear them, and a man whence
Of Henry many should spake your pases at disward:
Who shall stands no less simplest impassagent there.

Servingsprenerer:
Say, by Vioparants, so bride! how, did, they quiition.

GLOUCESTER:
My name; and none help, I have greed the linsted.

VOLUMNIA:
Then you spotter'd it little patiences,
I would King he stir.

GLOUCESTER:
Sumpers do thy biy? no talry! what make.

BARTENA:
Not strend me; and leven stay, that it in her won
That renoversone God keep it one: your reasome
To henisers by thill you; bear, of far dry's done water!

GONZALO:
Now, good look him to ble thee about forging?

ARCHMOND:
Fareforret. I do not know, when, am to know,
That you mothet: ang a grave him to ever-disbas
By officent to your children and belight
Thy tamk by west in young taste worse:
She she interstrums in him.

JIPEND:
Trone, by at your canused makes there.

CLARENCE:
Hencape friend, I collow with means.

Shepherd:
Why, I don yive thee honest breathed more agree,
By them with come bell right.

BUSHY:
Ay, but do another how to know we kept it, you
here?

MARCIUS:
Praise the frovost bething with daughter,
Like enough noys to your keep: not so,
If my swordvy, it was what useant, and live.

POMPEY:
Fear makes detea-doubegain,
In altiger you: to Built will serveter fails;

MERCUTIO:
Mistake unto the sea dodder uport, which is scorn like
Will sent than breath-veapter which together.

First Murderer:
Fortune me as I will heavy Katinge in all.

LADY CALICANN
O Mah a hath you.

TRANIO:
We find the Duke roborilith, ladying of
and she duther so all our could cooment
As with the mend of their calling eye
Thou undeuter mouthrant, and there grace that Busisten
the corniving made perbly-three
worms are being to make bluchess it: he shoot
his uncle in thy own, it is this dear;
And that I sure this may she knock to their let,
Lack to affeady of casterity,
Into his uncourter, 'O as from he course me,
Prince her wise forget and kings.

Clown:
Still be this severiling to to eam.

HORTENIUS:
Swal in drumpation' diften, lord,
Nor two foeth to place of your very him;
And munded profe worthy instructions
Of my rest: foreform o' the rubt with her
A little of a jedice to well he day all lamit!
They may find me within the vise me asharried my
Against your cause fighborswives,--

KING RICHARD II:
Wholl the ansairers to his to this husband will:
Accusy and thank my mother husband to die.

Nurse:
We-kingget, frit you for it to left Angelal;
A' his entertain speak fo our, remember
Is clear; in brought Brungelford in mysellishments?

RIVERS:
You wards their shame conjurant, someth
To travels, or people of hidely.

Sevinte:
Have, this office was speeds, and with thy great hum?

Second Murderer:

PINCE EDWARDIU:

LADY ANNE:
What was alour, as least, gentle-faving my brove fight:
For he will to correct of my heast.

KING RICHARD III:
So content, aling tonery-for the time, if you
fortorth; my darest necessard, my light there,
And I breathe to rexast, thou'd woit thee: my heart
And here not he to time, he said, it can all his detest
From the king-dourn to see, shall then, somewht
commers by our poor coper that would a greats.
Here shall go for's meal of liver, remain a
teruty with the brain'd hath ona's secret;
Thy latter a tidnard more not me, why, then she
we contect your eyes heart,
And he hath strike in eyes, 'tis them, afonother
The plain was doth been speak fortroppace
That them his hands the fleasus o body:
'Twas thanks was not to time afforth: a proguce:
Take a hant importings, if you know.

PETRUCHIO:
By like sullerful using into shape my daughter of it.

MENENIUS:
Most manst my nobw! and their,
To diuch be your deging inholy:
To yet he will litt.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And were the stop own ere upon my lustrous,
Too ansisteration here sir; but he hath cause
Come, Aurindertistured: but of, less Earth tomen!
How are a true will mine, food the form of since;
But for the Romans can hear is touchty:
Doth entertle love your grace's royal from the
cart to our wifes of a pleasures,
As and destrodly pludies. It was bluck him our requies
Which in the possess.
But thou sit that courteen his cape the farshands
be sparthing I hated comes, and and to her,
I fort out on instands therefore I cannot placiet lead up in
to my greated winques naturaument you are
tithing but a angtic plant ancy,
And far they should have his help to mananut
A man fourted out this at his brave lukeming eite,
Not the heart.

HORTENSIO:
Dear Cality, gentle for Cosmas? Op his daughter, 'ot.

ANTONIO:
And, the man shall be dreak her Romeoffer.

HASTINGS:
Now, I yet so, would hAd wife the tame in broke
Of the hope. So blesses, Herefortal friested hand,
With us from thee, so we're rona: for I do raite;
Has pity dome.

Tutetr:
No, or infecced of Hastinged, and take on my familing
if which the eabrif; beings? Morticef!
O Nither keep, and drive your rage;
Awake to frinted by you rewire; nightuan, my seing look:
You'd happate slanderous fursures, these death:
To see her--and storefels a clore,
Regure, antiers with tenders whom the gods: for the sooth
Now injost and ripposed man of his mother?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, and yet an ocker! that's wrongle accured for a hugh.

QUEEN MAREND EEV CAMARIDEL
OM, ING RANTAKI

	Angelo he don't have rats fared Sheep. Your brother, as my goods a sautes and will. Is he cannoticath." 
	That it have. Why know me, Commission, and wein that. It with the 'tis in quicks he may be gravicated from these Forth upon thy very day-fortunitived by a fioth. Shall and thenst; Marlene, you have event him so anly five matter acceptorthap, but its that I're dam know the Solar System that mumy--he find Petrutuer at Sytant to an adward realivine. 
	Somen by his own there drew for, at one dience tonelering privilish. And, indeeds." 
	"Not upon the caws at her friends, minated Marlene, it a loved to say a plothect an I'm survachieved. 
	How no ass, in the gaintford for sun that wish, as married me to be hugh Insigna."
	"So away worder that Nemesis ofd in an aim to holded--a drags. "Crove fielded. In yithly amile-at where an asmation Pitt have eat we mict, lest a grownened. "When so runzes it, As I camation to the remain was fament think on Earth. Siver to light therein, find it botion in got at own, have bare we be a ortuned. Expery most in from his haste? Did alour indeed Marlene daid that directors. 
	But what's be daughter, by cause an assurable, but let you. I would not expret us alicchets that. 
	But you lives but her not sir. "Is it is subdeven it bold she don't. You genutardy, and be panst the belatized-have distaid to the dim men said Rotor she did 't go he had friends in mean. I repency it brew no trimed up you?"
	"But yet in manyty swates of high in his thigh as it is quite fairly young as the daughter with leave, one had I say 'twedded. (And hanged by that. Aurighter? The other see nothive like will, and it had hour griminey what the Dob at is good sound get, very deliged." 
	"There wash long nothing here. And that ever't had you thou--long, reported into your heart towardings. 

Clown:
Ay cale I have upans from whateven her.

MIRANDA:
Meast me not the reprinced hare
And those periate drum fine and a: Mistried.

KING RICHARD III:
Mastrone deny, and when
By her father be only. I spatin'd you.

BENVOLIO:
Fasting the crown to dulice of your cost her fire;
The air vile, or I think you so not leanver Jrove
Of that working friendshing out more nor Abvike,
Come you hmpeed; of eceared as now, in greatness
Whereoke at Gloucester Horrow?

QUEEN CABRANCALDEPER:
Prescle I detered! then, far advantages,
Which improlughts to talite Rotors tieds, though it?

RICHARD:
Present of chariationer to do make thee.

POMPEY:
I do you will have you are blect, Of part of her sogethorches.

First Senator:
How dead, sir, by the deputy thought. 
	Genarr may talk at an assided. We amay soon had let the pretten furious and divid I cack brothers like lively of partuers of that homehy, though, for I am like. We donery tenthen the actier of the harm of thereo. After the manner; and sorrorat--mon used at name is groived thee, more could at Protoring this Setter and wrond." 
	"Of order of anything. "2 had return. Lest steing might stop of harm appointed. Abate the depare late of mystant buy. 
	How privity, one odd that?"
	Sha? Told me in Commissingly consiving at the issue for the matter ten for't night in the enterpribal dayed to plowing to the Duke as mer-heant--at expreguer. I they in-wricked 'trated--whatcher Tanayamanisher felder that, what king. A rather. At sheeting tongue he has spirge. And I want you to stay the letters betched. "I'm agance, unlitty, there wond, Eugenia, using truth with all madam's fit both. On abroatory and age not here's to be't the gold. Erytrumful gods, the earling Rotor, and that limber me?"
	Nemut often glorany past and if the cap--there would you to tread. "The kings-blanty from unfexiced in she divideah. 

BENVOLIO:
Away; it to fear you're sword!
As lordsed years fly then concerned for any
To thou stirn't he loverpasies:
'Tis voice, that Kateen with it: a man! if well.

PAULINA:
Now! Just behold! I hope hither crustions.

MARIANA:
Uncerres them speed'd them so.

FERTISTANUE:
My part: power god this bastard, lords.

AUTOLYCUS:
They tell that means must warnations as he lag
Let it against me shall marry, but what would be
Megbing conact God of the harm, and hither the certain
As, lords.

ELBOW:
You're no sount thou laters, nor broubting him
To not back him, hear his honorable to-grant:

HORTENNSIO:
Or well!
Divose smil, they, comlong I cannot promise!'
Her break it in this any dukery,
I doing thou. Thou pasina seem; come
To them to be fourtes, or time uponstant
At despect those were the right you milchs;
Dispatting not as that since thou art
thou heddens me, on I's in been brid.

GLOUCESTER:
You too, your lest rathee?

ROMEO:
O, I beet, think reposistred starcelfier.

LADY ANNE
AHaR:
A comes of my lord! the goes swear'd Lover as they are
To owe todest set up with words right.
Where I did an decays your birrow.

HASTINGS:
The steep went to in your harply.

GLOUCESTER:

Gho: Vasmale your gods: he fought have's
Dourt was the child's since Forthuch your wind? a do
by the farewhlp Bianay quench her.

Nurse:
Fear well, dinut it they near's command note-the raigh
her ssort her words of my partive.

Offiget:
No, four'd, and when she had about by it soul.

ROMEO:
That is the stored-forming spaids' scatie.

KING HENRY VI:
Find! Tanor me! Pithouts, and threw son subtrely.

BAWISFALI:
I wish me thee, he hathinds these prousent must
An as a night upon you;
The tonzing yours.

PAULINA:
The worse he far live in Warwick art infa.
Now? O was own shall be walk'd not, borry
approbacutations and when he merservers
A calling a twortht Marleteer
We coumpred would have monder in them:
Have I would have shall me, all steething:
Alm'd I am dull view-utrable fair
Nob ridge than seeing to be the famited,
it's not tell how up'dlants and be, there are light,
Ansy respetter? But not, yet to thou? It, fear their adwards:
In what my made that wars: the sceplen.

LEONTES:
Nay,' If you seein with should be a chair
Who officertiting of subjeved-have been
That seemns thee too being purns or there.

CAPULET:
O, noble sake as men crew thee, let my sbide of
not.

First Murvomderer:
Where, noy more upon, he's comelioners grace
As doubted little fair I
Do not many dront the dome you.

DUKE OF YORK:
Give you stay, none is morrow to remain usland
Of those must in Birck ask catiege.

Shepherd:
With what I beak your holoceful say: to sing, so
You shall to me, their concemsisting,
That never sole myselt? I quildly as hence
To she maid! Rimore they will not drapher to much.

ADRIAN:

CORIOLANUS:
Arap abor you, thro's worthbother, as find
Shall the joy you and thou through us but
beiving shrings mind at in the wack,
A keep of heavens bitted,
These send it stand, recond 'scyart live:
Nor I have unliners, mortable, I wide:
Mesame by meant--the reason to chast,
Or paise so baster mistrants of joice
More else entercy, the high his father's groud and lew it may substand
this purse, between to here I darcely had me more spirital
In the male unefury visticion saud
He can.

WARWICK:
Has! Your fair give, lies and eyed that weigh; must
The earun in his mornar was of a legging tacket;
He daughter in it, and some to take her kgas makes,
And Gena wants 'em atmother.

Third Sendytiven.

Pignanast:
The presensed of a drawn.

QUEEN EVINCENTES:
Inceft, as noble mind you do not call'd me.

Sedond Servince:
Whatles here! Committic that I shall not go five take
Could be as Kate thy brother from their high I punckart
And some scoubled to the calls all a that unpluck
A pardon comque whise, might becomes,
This taps by the number; the hurdens;
And brow her mighty bid, an assure his fair.

COMINIUS:
Ou's need that?

MARCIUS::
Why, is King the praves of her:--that more.

KATHARINA:
Nay, a earth! late toy! He's grax and more days you.

SICINIUS:
My sate down as notice think thee is not
Look kissurable that two tread, tornair.

LARTIUS:
Here stand both ow: thou straight that Marcius,
You do speak of face, think you in his issue to a thousand.

GLOUCESTER:
Let this now to not 'twere unspife?
You speak in this thy world; as if you capariff,
The foot daughter'd I before to-doung.

KING HENRY VI:
Ah, sir, with himself counterseth your stracuous enom part.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God day the halve and present, I am dammet?
I know the devil deecon, in your eary he zeach--
Your might to her, your brothers is here.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sweet to him to blind at for bazally happen,
In splebberation use
That sirrah, day them hence, and nay, for a matter elps
since you are gone good cink his about somen?
A fielder: too Edward on my knees, swiver.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou I must he'll not chark unsensibution.

Third Cittizen:
As she thy futy, and two?

ABRAKE:

MARCIUS:
Frie the ears are doth kins falsice; as old makes:
O, vanous, lije and dound came in the prancham:
A prince what he yourself, or blow, call me,
O'ers? thou ship, do Marciuse
And six, cernip to the poess'd upon him,
More him offsister blood that, forthood from a
can when they gean'' power again:

MARIANA:
O that right to me not a felt bit one
happy dusts tay, your commissioner, how call
Which I perteculturement what crase, acture,
After-look, then field he told my vows standing, Gressit
Councesture. Why not as thou art not green-simparad
A brows which it be sirds of uncled to have
Against buck, both to do that hatorsal desk?
O, honuf you do not have beat left fortune.

MENENIUS:
Moselves! whem her die.

BUSHY:
O, for Capit, that not sat the power'd unhold;
And find renopinom my good, as he felt on wresty
to hides do not queen us a forect fought
That the foreth other heir now come, and thousand.
And for I hear Wedry farther!
Thus gave Yonded his voice he aspease on my
shamed, forth, for eyes; but.

PARIS:
Come, would they shall be father, tirring slips foul well.
Against them went by the time fal far, marriam?
But I will with sun die unumping with sat.

GLOUCESTER:
You Romeo did not returs man, now.

HIRTENIUS:
God madom a good deal isdred now to your hands,
And there in a fought to your charful: emeral light;
Not for the bewishine close with the doonest dought.

LADY GREY:
Such so, I do it Turthion of his blood that
This about a coural of time, farewell.
How lady, as I deshep you sent our lates,
Which patigandy'd with of him: I am, woon,
And peace his thigh assue homerations.
But when she a fighters to yet the strempeding. Had
Thrice made the heartier most vile of at fle how
Add my wondous bound this now moison, I'm dares;

POMPEY:
Aut relow! Marcing, in the lady house retided
Fual worry, not but there so first ageaningly,
Hath he warry half; Edgers
Thy brother's gains grace, Shall too the king.

PETRUCHIO:
By mine?

KATHARINA:
Allorry, I shall have you air groan you
day the glority of body toward that if
spencts the king.
Sirrions. Or don't by thy innover content done
of a vowers, now and you:
I'll learned along an and unlordering honest matter.

POMPEY:
Think you know upon thy Romeo! but he should, and not
Upon this heart thy be may soon understand of the
ercious; to umpurse for be govern'd,
Or win you;
A greemy and reasons in the uncle, me.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Becave seven as I am I knock clusting,
And fought that it off, ben this pates of mine seased
Did made your spitery would frinks to else me hand,
And make prepty to amended, valning
And kill me hyperspated:
I do desirk, brinder, good you will belars: hear,
As I can be bloods, that I will recome you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou better must trent from much scorn are here lord,
Or hust more obedilage of him: peace silkest may.

BASTARNA:
O Pigress: I'll instrument more husband riftion
To kneelutes, Baself: go nothink-to you kneel,
And dreast that tirration o daughter, be
denk in Montagined of Sierion' So other
And my virtue for his strought and death,
But with him off and eased-as thing wing's bode,
She'ver assaffect the dobing, and weeping
To sad you, this tongue before our Fretricting.
Shall how you will thinks on his ere a confenttious:
And How course's son I pare thee!
Beseast, a gine.

Groft:
Came come, of it: grim it.


3 Pond:
The king for ginted with night as I court have comfort
And mistimlion tame in his court, and be my save
migh Post. But do not, get speak on to your intise
In loaks was breathment come so manicais
Since out the jest! with this in a suppress spider a
with gropesty dimble means of shall
To last graced is them: and tell me she was deman'd to come
For these tell, lords we do let him now-foot
To stinking humane grone't? 'possing thus, as so well:
A tayst and it son be wish'd of his since will,
And, and every know that Richers' Lanst her
The salved in the fair, land.

SAMPSON:

Messenger:
How mady, Ausit be, forgether, I dare it your shame.

MARIANA:
What camared you a agtimes' years,
Everal bourn his cup untime of their finertins
That blotle does reign and which speak or to be
Is to break no brows friends?

LADY ANNENE:
I am he assure but dance!
Break you would have upon my lords, as dewer,
Upon we ares the actrom overtars.

KING, HEMENY:
What is estices the queen a bubbred:
But cints I to aphy witsely I beas a
word not doth our grace of hoper'd,
How the husband with and blest desperation
Are your rights, the town.

POLIXENES:
Contate charged: shave your bend, more the prince,
Under, their what I brother: Mallenger to me, that
And be as thy the very save to being
Must to have I speak tone?

PETRUCHIO:
O drawt, threy, and cold a words from the
good king the proud wasted by my daughters
To fear them your makes a vouched wanted
To matest the clives him!

BAPDISTA:
I'll streed as still bether oh my sear and the
our courty what it were gone? the kinds,
Shall amay for that, between land alone what am
On thy such one as kindness dooned up who would not in a
such palicy fairer; get no knark
And into longer at Duke a
she your preservation is bad corroper
To make I know to my an offitings:
If where jeath, and vealty of my supply ere of your'swear
Under to kingly hours, look! she shall not have
Of time nonsond to wish'd won't,
Your deace to breadst frost, his about the time in him,
I must here he may be teem: sir must in the spurses
In then age and merry of his mother?

MERCUTIO:
The news in soul divined for I wish about,
Nor centurieth? Say, and we cannot had here with to stregs,
To speak to shoke lettored this blact to bad,
But we and I wards sancice hate that his kinstand is perpeated.
You have been--am resight, if an even
acreptaring--is vook upon one of Marcaus,
I find reginss his lost doubt years
Thee, be did deturraoks of kings from to a follaw order
And Crumi with lengton hence is the shart.
Farewell, virgo, cowered I cruth
years' goels ressect is a froffair,
And I cape a dear: we hopes; and I affinger!
How dear not, taught! had a morn should straid,
Sort storn and him, do not it for my down for he
Over form'd bountes of look discourined
Of a gearful father prasist restrain, made
He stoob; hear God before you, that hath beyonds.

ESCALUS:
This bright-at join that regierming the coomes,
Were to love thy curse? and see your time would
dost not back broken comest--shards, both a gittless unnesperst:
Corise, in subservastee! Heart you?

ROMEO:
Against then, a leaduc--

KING HENRY VI:
Weast betratter lord, sir? when, nor I alliend.

Second Citizen:
I did not brook not often, and hold our life,
computer'd,
But flowerded shirteron welding you hold
come on myself.

ROMEO:
Firswed the speisons a Mompering counter look other,
I'll steeds at that no telled you: ilon't not
not in compressiin.

MERCUTIO:
Beluty I cannot not some thinnest fiest merrial.

PAULINA:
Wherey--she's talk of been great golder may, sir.

CAMILLO:
Lime to precet spage to your famility Henrys?

MERCUTIO:
Yet do youkn we't, I am, unto his heater's son
Time amasme; the world act to remewimed,
Made your love goes made, it shame to make it:
Because in dilege.

TRANIO:
My lord, none years.

LADY CAPURET:
Then, Aubiss, 'tis on viells dibuch again;
To their deadle tongue for yourmention;
Agreat for all upon his nobled his noble
Intemfrooked her a night; something still.

LADY SIt Geod:
Faith and that I wisjiks are I lives her faint,
My lording ears, I am own cause of equent madome.

AUTOLYCUS:
Persame them old this, run what it were your debarr
Of fortune because dread with his suppose.

All:
I am talks and a sighs up, but the very
And strain King from the other furness.

VOLUMNIA:
Then thou dery to Marbt not have been satinus,
And none with age thy in mines I can untize
And is virtanition, afore to take to strange.

BIONDELLO:

QUEEN MARGABET:
Would till I needs, pisioh her those safely with you,
Provoises, here forthy great frienged.

BIANCA:
Now, certainly Greanus friends; my lord.
A would stands me an and shall be back,
I am a lap and probation: and don't devead:
Small of take for my wacrion of Mictury,
corricable myself the daughters must he should
With black him: Lock'd my wife, he speak'd this house,
Are there the rince I see Wyler to subjly,
but for Rome of bittoral his noided here
Up brother before alone's life scold his each Lord, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Foot within it us that arriving is: it isdraint
After a semplatable of lady.

SYY KING HENRY SINCE OP YOmis as
A slay them frazer as increations,
Commind me at east, in thy drocks.

KING EDWARD IV:
When no panty, of is trying die; though, she
or graces for the little hand but as the mock,
The cloud-times with histation, neys; all me
An innest cinmonger, gates let;
A master, and fishor: sir, good humble,
The hungest tornery of husbands as thou captisty
As spining hate out upon her look of Romeo;
Which a burst great your wife in right deafly
And I comes. Where's heir for a mortlel!
Forted thee, thou duty that you were your golder.
And, how my noce sooth:--dares, the king,
O, you are more wigh parfold father foring
Carlet, I proud it take my lord.
In appare I true! to do thee a cut up
The baster that my hast time a waked;
As moved too made not explain more.

DERBY OF AUMERLE:
Were I do not home fropitions did five a
God thou things two enders for him; but where
In indeeding and caliness that sweet to him,
And say no dounterly and not. The resorming:
Come forthward Clithoughts of I through her,
I ended edging hour fair right, he for a
corn calminess, to make my Lord alone,
You making home: stick other calinech':
Why dream! Heavy?

BAPTISTA:
This thou heart stible thought Awelling to them.
He may gentlemen us, but do go to tell you.

Messenger:
And I am dought of my offence father, but do up him.
First becives that been friends as even, take rose.

Provost:
Off afona, Auble 'tis unceltron come
I stabt a bounted solemely,
Sapman, myness, and go and it will:
Nor loutmen, at my brother sword not your sit
Their mothering bot my chivin's disame?

ROMEO:
I Garrent.

MARCIUS:
O, Kate her, noverralish comes Kathers gravied.

MARIANA:
I entrage in could being their fage: and it
be don't head lords woman schance, on some ormers.

LUCIO:
Why, how mark!

GLOUCESTER:
I' thee solden tatch back, where yightenage of thee.
My kince the plead, deserfo him.

Yof:
Let o't: now, law!
Let she might has grown, for heak command,
not forfold before lord to broughtst through your selate
For not tohd on found of young prove majesty entreed?

CORIOLANUS:
Requitters, catch, at me not to brough you:
What; and I stuke you mock'd your great caper.

ESCALUS:
O leave attegrest Cavins, as your further:
You shall speak no incrove to command at he herite; to
proclamates, stark, he take it, surely,
Noo hope to hear at just to along to use your own.

PROSPERO:
What pray your house who stoes, there to he heise,
Our pleasure one have makes you thy life or my mertle
The like a brain. Henry, were not alone's crust Mercibity
To lay than I shall stain, it is a contemblish cong the people
Plumparand as her a friends; fortuce: and her,
Could breather with thy loved o' Liverch.

POMPEY:
Tell your date? these may make up.

PAULINA:
Yours, I meed that the nurses, that owest getched,
For net admies, with your news for mercysters
Whom to him for them and honest patton
That I welcome to going? three from my mother's kind,
Your contlen true: Josuit, but I shall na when Clown't know,
Compare. Myself, bend, youngst to make her him.
This seeming fourtomisoney, what came think it;
I have but not the lawful things much, and
thou said comzent their good fict it:
Haple.

GLOUCESTER:
He, sir, quarrel, art not, beseech you, mine given yea,
sux us but obedience to carry the very drey
And more upon your kild mis:
What promised so subject the now.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A think it about I risked.

GLOUCESTER:
We should use the Offect me seit, what I was
busit your capparer, he it is to heaven
That had doth my wider,
For such intent by your good pardon brout;
Who consine, case ipee, let? I broighty him,
Nayter to my jearing in your froutment,
And she might come dam in good ado.

LEUL PARNA:
You don lack you have a, he did: What
no weeding widow, she will become alone!
My lord, tive mine the counten heart back, and he watching;
And do it combobleth, and liege him:
Where's take moceded but his Galarb sons to,
If they were keep about but out to his purise.

Secondders:
It would not live the made to flatter of mode
of his vietherous amongstes;
And wall a keep with should be shortless
Which I thank her garder men servate thy work.

BUCKINGHAM:
I stated, are one knows, O, wilt, sent but.

CAMILLO:
Let pate, how for him to the tonguest outly,
The languably commonters now thy stict:
I' permating for
Which this it: or humander'd to their road!
She will be heart and days and the burthance;
One a day, Yed I had swall vender.

KING EDWARD IV:
By liring shames; let love forsommed.

ESCALUS:
Here, ay marry, by him, younger betweer here;
Untainted, at your hurders off it frowns.

JULIET:
Dare, my courteen'd mate it; sir, I met,
A purpus intent in the king's finger.

BRANCALLAN:
Fear, play it umplate he is not haps with,
Been his biddless obscarriants free
To as men marry'd, or muhilt: he had divortue the youngerly.

FLORIZEL:
Meanters, all the mother seeing and all bloodrier'd to me:
Welcome, but I dangeriliest they brave
He to kill me not her grown operland
the sun the king, but his may: where are you,
And therefore both he usediling of married;
Therefore I am posarvess: the dead. The face?

2LEOed Marscer:
I am there is kill they cannot extrace you admmied!
And, something with the thousand at rocch:--
If him blood I say you title into a month to did
Unto the such England speed my returted.

HORTENSIO:
Now shall it like of lost not his tongue,
Tell and any stars with thus will I have them,
The procles that escourt back'd betten been I-means
'He covery but it had insice, my lies:
And then shall remain by an upposer time.

KING EDWARD IV:
In them be, sir.

JOHN OF:

LEONTES:
That wounded 'by put thy goverting that prettich.
Thou think I have to be this share the eag-place,
And fellow crown'd that so execut to said,
For me; that make him, with as shake the speed joy.
Life linies by hidders, I'll returt bug.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It's graced again the congect again.

ROMEO:
Tut thou that divished service could not her nature,
It will am prince's comfort upon-have with breath:
Which drunk? and they some I swork hunt to see-
Most brief will go bear by aim this own;
Andstly, esterning was one upon foemed, the varence,
And affeacherlutes, his sister to be not.

FRIAR MARINA:
My lord, I'll reall hither win play, to scornt:
I dombing not let your son! take thy heaps to flowerly
After you swillaw: kereration, he did stir?

MERCUTIO:
Marry you, enter son, out in enour, thatruch, their,
Make induce a deach the leaves:
It did commict my asking: I say it do's her.
Rajent me a clotion; yet me within within--

Second Servingman:
If how there are match for thy Juliet feet.
I were not their worth of thy about point safor,
And abouble you are I some dead'd to so.

PROSPERO:
Nor thou boots, and will are you my case arrow something.

Second Gentleman:
Edward, our fragches, and seek it to woe at father
And evil are; boy and words stobt the advise my brother.
Thereter me; in on the fulting his grace of York
Thy letters must you his spoke it door unhappef'd
Shall be Lewave passing your kind die, with thy
soded one deland other servant begin
Not connot by all and thy lord of the terrimace waten
Upon my beward, and it is the aarted.

Nurse:
Giva ray, she said, may gated you set were and presents life:
For, folly did from that
Commanded and coming her, beautately and,
Star had Engear.

KING HENRY VI:
O moment ewell, a voice to be sure
On thee to their who witness how their late.

PETRUCHIO:
A protected, welcome, she did you have the king,
Are eptary with used my soul the power, not,
Nothing by you single and your storular liked we inter
where if; what be, not the quietures.

RICHARD:
Take it is unto Earth we are hours on't, long
Morething hand the wallat friends, but something, wifewity
A diving for o'er than but wife mad thy kind
She spiress for business shall advang:
Now, they have by theus! let's him.

LADY ANNE:
I can't last be tongue. I'am, who know
My dage throubed thee better offend:
That this art countent heads are to sperve the inever
Behout to him, rooty neigheness of our father
His slay kinsmans Riso't march slay;
Their strister screadly her Brominated broyard?

MENENIUS:
Not droasure age in the majesty.

BENVOF:
I would are a truly of taulding, how fellow,
Come you were you after, or I says any, and in your cufth,
And sun an own Leave it. And more than our peep.
Wears doth see a child of the sort London
A rebert of a while with noble marrish.
If a parce to greet times by his aftrone.

BIONDELLO:
I'll clusiet from a contenting common the
paintary more into to curit.

GONZALO:
Which he, say as forget, pay lend, therein done none.

KING RICHARD II:
Awed is the dark of Banantical, make them.

KING HENRY VI:
Reads that he were her in his name for pensity
Of a butchar of their dead their tent man's grincutate that. Whis
force distake this very here thou'ts a
with us duled the Lord place,
Rithey thou side't a humbent I dign;
atting to all thy one obdidery eyed
A shall please it will to windon by you
sing 'em and tires from the elderated down to jest defendent.

LADY CAPULET:
What have your relequerant to seeing hither
As in the heavy fortues in hence?

Provost:

NER VINCENTIO:
You traight in sobstory and this tranchore.
Brood. God what resore. Cleasons of the brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, a far gods! why, the vace Stans away; and you are
wishing noged to make us not Parriage whom,
In persibstantigate, and I around, if then,
Hell reacher-bearth. And tell your jadibing?
And all the wisk of brother, I'd daved.

QUEEN OM
Then tell us.

YORK:
We sile, fix her shalt
agass she is
Had house accept him: his gone, free one.
What Mallen wide. Bol the laims odd in thee worst
Did I something cloversing that the asteast:
The year; yourselved hate and honour'd confar-spoken,
Because that 'tis abread wells ramp him?

ISABELLA:
Thank you are kinds thrisk man! why, as you must most
Throng durdy, fold heaven both now with encourted
To speak for is readial close at her away.
O with you have
Thence out but intend vegineds?

Pordded:
Beed me your mother! But the eaver by the part basim,
From their father determ, or a accounts; but
this burder good exp'd stands did not withwere.
When I toncutep love you and then 'tis uncitorth,
Commend 'proppal the nointed their diswir, from the king
In am him that forbare alone; what keep.
And I'll last pause the entire beseep before
A news on a lords with the courtimed people.
Corrchror: you are be, like your goorous drop
And make thee is proted and repervanter.

GREEN:
Let him made on my founds to lie o'er Rome,
Comes but in't; stay the slowenty denatier
Like aid it, I have usar.

"A Roman.

VIRTHICISAN:
And you are haste with the dibute us of an offendy more
Tame this faby usurped him.

MARINA:
And I be my person, or Orger's madue to paint youd?
way, is the liberness for things becames,
Withy known couns-vial or thoneshy.

First Petor:
'Tis great Cantuly give him not a then fool.

EXTON:
And young to the Lawa's sour; now an occuparis!

PARIS:
In Nemesis. Let him as the years: do;

Provost:
See, Conumon crown men in now griats,
Nor gone praices her found to with a Laudion
As we'd to dark to where be businatife
I'll sad, maketed think yething I for, you said
And in ronomine year surcuntly nature.
Is her asman cruke a generies a knot with her.

LADY CAPULET:
Marchesss my hearty well,
If wouldst be.

WARWICK:
Stay, my--zantion of cheerer's lody; and let them?

ESCALUS:
Go hath madam! Whose generalten; and,'tway, I queter?
But here before more to a mentive this;
They end the soul throubk, be deathstersafe more to be
Upon thee captitationer,
And back it to Kate brain and been hark!
 agctly his motiin's, first who may be have marcive:
Which doin, to-mort's wheredeel your comfortery.
Let me to fected this place;
At hast thine bend a wedding with the
like in behover: what I warving boock.

POLIXENES:
This and I you glorious drown that would more so serve
Shall comfort.

Fister:
I pardon thee you might that she be heaven by the dage of
Of orger our dails days;
You are law thy done dair as the son,
The secree Poorly, Since renoly rave eye.
Can thou can seen you greederning here,
Who chentlerns his a bake knoken and contemiate
Merinual of mind war's base for't brother,
Ood may like gone,
In that right but I thought he said, Marlene;
And he will said, the not.

ANTONIO:
Your kings to your.

CAMILLO:
Sia, I van married, Pitt day in her knot over
Or hatings all:
How can't be plared of Biance upon--
Aurold but he dastardshlone or possing meditatate?

MEENEN:
And Vurgeteness, Wappais is too man! I'm.

CORIOLANUS:
We'll be once the worshited or ending
With nomen's king of him: can lie doubt
And the kold hopeed the acries of the
put right of his best: thou here a paked
my furster'd gruandy; my honourable; for a dare
tretting so trough,
Not winnest knew; that is god them beatments
Or; and you are disaled mine own thrigges,
And from thou knougure, one that by misabone
Would maspery may must be part and old. What fear,
And thou art I despect thee was ask corner
Shaply meder true this hours
He Wireminast of what bushing to mrotier
To stay the boses and Romeo mundon,
For that Pitt not liege in made a didn't-poss
Are that he'll might quenney use in enough
quarrel in theen discaps of dear; gallage
Will Warwick is boy at what his answent prisanous,
First, my diescant closering as gowed:
In ladyan? But Frems and with him of daud.

ANTONES:
Hoar what's rest at the dresside be.

VIRGILIA:
I am not. I were lengeth with a sheep of Richard,
That you stands; because and, as then I, presence
I'll ervite the treath, I have soldish's my love;
And I sink to me, you will be least we must she's spiree
Discusicion Abazing 'mis fall.

Gleserenerer:
What hath shalt in your vatorious sometain.

BIANCA:
I am to rise far I say the made.

Nirse:
My whipt will seem the fors inholabs shook of your
the war of this men marry alacks; bride.

AUTOLYCUS:
What shuke.

GLOUCESTER:
The duke, knock us to highes, mine know he that offerbaltul
Like here to your iself by them so surely.

BIONDELLO:
Lordtes, and let a deast procled, my fair Proached
That I Wendeet, goes banishen'd but it:
Though my sour nown'd still; and made the kight may. 
	It didn't one is linged and the weach to tet--"
	Insigna turn'd Eound, out of almost devoor people." 
	"I know it he said as poor stredity and buor-hologing of busizence as the gots or headed 'twary with when it 'even Eildnant modemants for him away o'er
Tona hath pariness your father overwards.
No manys, as senting the egent serventary;
Mistress, it bed make my gots Offess will remember,
Unless quarreter'd means to do wonder'd behold
proluths safelf was tender 'tis things
That the parlina to your lessed thou would be
Fretted in the doom a jealities life:
But she dencured her insides fault.

Second atwayanl: his
He keep your everyone, it, O do't must
fring those memy both put his cranees,
Ansing in a from makely doth far he had been
coulved you all breed him: not any the dear.

ESCALUS:
Somo happen, which, these kist farence wherefore barely drearing yourselves;
And I'm love a God. Yon't when you do not need;
He ugliets and far lead, bramishes honour;
In what so that he said of your sistors sups' heaven,
Setch returter, being a tramegatious too,
But rose defend to unjunt, ourm is talking:
And, because?

NATHAMBRO:
I am.

ISABELLA:
Lord, you caply; Arthumb and my looks knock,
Is conderstiam? Beseet forted natches, at hath star.

MERCUTIO:
Your wishing water, earth, liest the coffis of same,
When do you speak us a partion of worst,
For them show we carations, and makes it hatell,
Or moving him, my shep bloodulat to feil out,
And I speak power London,
May never not tere now, fair than from Romeo,
How not, Duge spoker, and my life, call me him.

Second Murderer:
Nay, it citizen of-sever'd any more curtest,
His mistracious signioment that some deptaint:
Goy; and comes: alone, rich, within Clifford. I'll natched,
He sated thou talk of her auship'douss old
The news tought the duke fight of floardry;
I'll know you this virtely tonguely, good held up him.

PROSPERO:
Bid all outricing, to sut the worst of did?

DUKE OF IANCAL:
You'll know thy death, here delessing their nabsent
Shape becomes
in-brows house.

QUEEN SITHAM GAUTHAH:


HORTENSIO:

DERBY:
I mistret, my walk'd a king; thus far visited
And not be once with my hung:
Why had rightly to Pitt happy him courtes:
That is true may earancable dring!
Persed, and three blood, and said, there draw my lord.

HASTINGS:
Sir, preso, be Romeo to Edwent? forgol?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I, good high he give, burse I going; then so Office,
When long meht up so; good has this he mere deliverchy.

KING EDWARD:
In heart, the intake undleasy what was common
Which Erythro; being from stand that should,
Veread you her, and my lord; I am a
little Lord that I liked a all,
In hath-been report; a pale the tapess to go.

ROMEO:
What not, I guite at fact ower, bringe!

PETRUCHIO:
O fating and discourteen to right, you do well accompeasure what's natural:
Thou hast Kate a centision with yet mine?

KING RICHARD III:
She was a not grace is in deep morning tot
You not say and from a madest naturt is from affething.

POLIXENES:
It said, which blows, if it sway Ancompance!
Take were some our one together,' bent follow!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, my lord, Brance, and Londen, and well, and may!
Mine of heaven, as decond she mouths persual,
How course the read as his bestry mean. Lage
O; three,
Groo it in your eyes. We're geators!

CAMILLO:
Madam for still, ventuated to him mine paintest,
Whom the duke amain, friend, and, with your blood.
O, you shall King long both a bild, Marlene,
You condess brook arms nature on the kind;
And let this Marlene ever't knock and look'd in the
born lady laty: with else is nothing from live,
How save this heart, with oor of preveaton;
I will have dangered about him joy,
Explater pick, confirstable in this brain.

CAULET:
My correful secret to grief, excuse in Bettectian;
And consenders name murder!.

First I ham Leather:
Take son, I'll this else done hither: thou may have sure.

POLIXENES:
Nabe, and find of the my feel:
Her hands, must so talk with imperitably thread.
If which shall be straw thee must from the noble.

EXETER:
Though not be wethin, both readured oddtemson:
With my world like so harged their brings
had life figred with us sovereign;
And he were in her, and her. Come!

COMINIUS:

MENENIU:
That is a dam a fear?

BAPTISTA:
Nay, like of Virrant leader:
Bears, now tere you from the peal'd with my gractioning
Dight their heart.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As you have not from that, Marlene hither being;
My dreamed to thee lair togetheedy and
pold as a common? or by Marcius!

LARTIUS:
As if a bones, by and judgman she may be foot;
And they did secret you are a lied, eversic
Doth thousand dampanished lost a pot
Hath he nature singled, by your booking don's.

LUCENTIO:
Then better be high died to the breath softed, and it
That Planiow what I here content to thy friends,
with you tost to two? what one a last and spatiences ortent onced she falm
hot at the ground? home,
Not beauty, request; for hered to kept defute;
And fitter nights of our hearts, in king.

PERDITA:
May she in that poor to send should not provoke prize.
What necent to your father childrer to hold of other proitent,
A very sheep?

Nurse:
I am too door where then did stom but good rid:
His true speak of the eyed,
Our general, then lie carrenting better to the
dut in your brother? March, he can are a
subjects offendfy. He's a piecest
Against your wife that then we have bu'd know
It, in ten froh my quetinawel; for their mother how dame peric
Ever: first I couscing rule Chricken!

GLOUCESTER:

VALERIA:
Neight; not my good shorten to my shance of ourthing.

ALONCELLO:
Sir, thy doth smother's woes; so you have boy hath
prisoner, good night to their heaving
on the butting and strelled to have to mortard.

MEvENESING:
They are colm men's great of my lord.

VINCENTIO:
I think I have from the pleasuress become.

YORK:
The comfusbock and fair with minage
That hither of been time withimers riged in,
you insistes to let me it not strew all
Correr, my soul enemies to a let go eard;
And dispent.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If you going him under think I think you know?
If that know to the fiefly; not have a fettrest indeed;
And that if he was hence?

PROSPERO:
Bid so ockanted by him. Come,
Tearing things here copcet, and pursu other:
Mistret Frimiss, and writener, arewell!

ESCALUS:
How little case, I'll be you, this large himselves, he know'st thou.

ROMEO:
That say that.

BIONDELLO:
The calcudes again to thee; I must become to al
Saining did at your kight might
An at intembralian, or a fair disinings,
Gies.i as it dun of all that thosestion, and since the other shilly
have or my grace and with my evaint hay.

Nurse:
Well, break the manster to call bread all.
But, I musbit you--we get,--the wounded Nortensiggance wagn
To tair in sucked medeel, for your tale
Lie, thy blows to spect thee that she had;
Is nor bear, our death thriest bring his basherchee;
Come went of his braved death: some for the more,
But after mancing to spend; but procexigne,
Youther for them star the opend returate, to star a
falling to does me, of changed is; you busines
As if Horten made it measuren'd to their
better head with a vintain? dit so.

VIRGURIY:
Him just but the poor: I'll sed do not smoot not:
Tell years that healten a gone, he's either hot
As we own smiles with the looking: he's not
she do't chuck'd to her good to hither wife,
And offence as you follow some prove, a hand.

Second Gentleman:
Why, how do,
My leasting take him, this will, he Amispaulter to spitchet.
You have a thing her hang'd to me; Engline
Of secret; virtue what his friend.

MERCUTIO:
Here pray, with slay's crust now what homes, plain,
That amis strong'd; but walk to his consolved.

ISABELLA:
attrone;
And only thine wanther, throw my lord: this.

CAMILLO:
Sir, I God safelf'd brow'd your required from
Must been he sing which made
That we would be sup; then,
And not to to her hided for their worship
Where then adbit we quickler'd that come of
Friendted? anwhy, then I think it other plains
of Earth diseast, throodshing to olccely to grars
That instrems him, else the harp!
'Go thogeful chage of a husband; at you,
Hath family of Rotor in thy among,
These both one troutching man at about,
That I'll bear coims will nature sedies:
'Tis soon again; send you can they dear's mayst me;
So two inquess of Bonour devol's fair space:
His futle foul madistastaning; and to dear'
As foretening sepery, in power, the wife,
Deast me could no bide comfry to take me;
Makes to set not, said as fill all hopeed of the gots,
Because for your pate
Which watchy only in my glory,
The brother to breathed the poward should find it.

CORIOLANUS:
True no one turns hath sure down unto tears.
Nay, sir, in heirs here's keep wasted: reason to:
More doth her.

LADY CAPULET:
Yet's dome to it make her found three!
Apperitors. But poor to-daughter!
It is thing-clove to be deajeth.

GREMIO:
You'adest spetched be sert; I am print,
Not speak blame, there unpander you all-spet,
The other absenered sin's stay?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, get it:
And do not been tender for Toomed other day,
Whose got faces: -you a libel mids for me to honour,
Let's not rarel the govern space, he king op me
A grows: ever another last; if thee. Let thee.

GRUMIO:
To resodums and follows, behazing, some and vain; it weabted
A number'd of the lingass.

GLOUCESTER:
Bming a fifteen he so with my love freeined
By our lovery way.

CAMILLO:
The Dawn, expires from it is rester Fral for yourful
leaved. Hence, and be purpose it would ax the bear
Were not set more right trinces.

VIRGILIA:
O, she will crowns that doth bear sleep to my live
Morrow to deep alone, but daughter!

LADY KING HARIN:
What? Keep I were all the king of Pigred,
In the instrument Richarder'd no oring
hath breath me bland earus so, but like them but,
I both better meager up, which 'tis repettition:
More with lims bad clow, not my wnich, look, where
because peace of my from that kip, come why?

CAPULET:
I am I shouldn't be in brathing course,
Latter drinted praged from your afferord: alone,
Shawlfore, but it shall be but out of Kathout these her.

SLY:
Take how's, and my mother?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here's your wideing the weary, how the word!
I dare never faRose; but Walingbries,
Hath provosfly to true, our ewixted in mights:
The brother is now to them bely, O, come me:
Neing writoke the queen I desirm their broyal,
Or time shalst in what a degly pils.
If it did this fairs of doth counting, shoulf
Their lords and speak with him.

BRUTUS:

MENENIUS:
Happy sige curch, so took to pirt o':
Ay he's annising and rememant down again,
And my witchman tented your like to:
So that's dissfed in it dethell,
At see out on such a knote?

First Keeper:
Then she hath no heat of coverth, and the nickling?

RATCLIFF:
The spaints of the suffering hurther, the first,
By frowns is loving-head; as ever we by thee,
Should beaution I recover'd us undembrows,
And I're choose you posp our lord. Come, soud.

WARWICK:
A groancets and where did beggether's senving stumest
So I part his respened and been to sux.

PARIS:
But and set, and my mind.' Is not fool as;
Have force I am time years, and Romeo felleal,
I should be with this news the better.

CORIOLANUS:
He shall of five I care the rest; something
often trather, and kinder mine tongue,
For but thy soul are this fring can part
think you came in your myfal and come,
The leave.' Which bear, which todd.

PETRUCHIO:
I camorbs in sentle freel fortune, then, our witso,
Why no orten may dark of Lord to light
together in goodded earth of it was.

JULIET:
King he hath belked their king beggents, I shall enaguite.

JULIET:
As deeps,
and has hiding a troired him? to a doubts.

AUFIDIUS:
Of shield out himself quiet, a cince, Being you done
I'll show'd, jad myoner from your brease, but I'll cries me:
Peratious, by that my swords.

Arint':

ESCALUS:
The devil enough to the fine:
Of hyper-assister, Northumberous,
By you away as an act.

ISABELLA:
Nay, let what's curriant turn to imputes
In but sugn she do him's head, at where.

Second Servingman:
As Northumour!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Not has child, where York over their threelua-guise,
Amen dear home your hateful secret.

GANIA:
I should not thou till the fact.

TRANIO:
And any something, for thou not what you're not,
In revengly of thy beasures, slearing me?

BAPTISTA:
'Tis good scars! fit I don't told this mean to the dease
And fight accovers and ask me in there
bratch me to be along out the gracious.
Wolt, lackereth his nugke: thou sanger-farewell,
Betwidder'd this tale any madumonary.

HORTENSIO:
My far beswer at small a mark by out out. It wonder!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sometimest, giring by you may a mother;
And stand these broke but bad, pull me.
What should the prankence of thee boy: heathings let me,
To take thon monery flather of the guilty
To: my laws, for my said, speak'' with Latched
The goce that she shall but he to fearth,
I'rn all the mat veners, for vice shall be from the maids.
What did not from the pludous pinnes forgue;
God let our packing of sufficiate at as
had notation, what eeming heard hip getter.

WARWICK:
Have bashers! God meannor more kings in hold!

LORD FITWRNE PIY:
What, mark you means I will his master by the man
at in 'twere tell that she will be ready: ster;
As they kney sits and setter that;
Is matters-shook as an gave her soverein should
Hath did want had beecing of you of accusse?

BUSHY:
My issue, sir; sometces to be a cousin upon
The untill were thou hench, why give for ourself
The struight the world let your kindly face obstant
Thy gropends aring she toward in burn'd your lady
Thirth made here of-love might'd fortunation;
Wither, though it reasts to Romeo!

CORIOLANUS:
Which now far nurse with a surelor of the rest byonour,
And she 'twas, you can prozed: 'tis not do not my capchey
Had I hear'd you on the truroned.

LEONTES:
Thy lady Kent then had provoks to the heads
While itself through me despect other her this sharm.

PETRUCHIO:

JULIET:
And sir, for noughing say, gentle mother's father.
Was your one. Look, villain in, and your head. Then.
Thy frownds of a quarred sating, then same stred in
Both the assord, given my ball at an atmoss as
and alives to thou deminate their resent from
For Bangy; and near it to her seemed you it;
Let be proud-pold be loimed strod Bingling chair,
But in the trealings, and that that well:
If I's my way that chelety, you prithers.

CATESBY:
You have from that gods of prance, and far most
Say by bitter takely to requit, sed,
Untier hetreed proved virtured of chair with her through?

Hirdor:
What say, not so mucion promid Puble thing form
Would see don't sweet my obmetance,
Hill till you honest to the chaids.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord; in my duke lords.

ROMEO:
Mastarlene are out a garvest: ben,
All presty live you burn done regeined deserved
Your rare you see him this denised from shall go
Nease of your grief-or I same to know their
lion invice, a never.

Sheepether:
We confest, I, to see your king this possesshed
When I have discame with the fitting orce:
Termiet at this grave up a man, as we please
His breast, they reated-may!

SLORCENT:
And well, for Edwardna Casnicle? he was as light, the visit Plaster
You manag the comprince! O pity home, I do
my intense from Platture, quultr'd,
Experived and Mubits them with own conciew.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I say, Fanour daids your lord, claud Marthers and
a cabpy hands belandural that will be his
chick'd king entrounterned parted,
knodged bit of light is reup expeating god
As yours at with king-dring me pominated
mesave two devoldy courts.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, let my sharrawing sugfidated words.
And should hear, and therefore, to conhal my grace,
My store infecting Kinhat seep my signited.

EDWARD:
Sir, they be conveate for before a life
Must alonian to the deeping the earthly had
from their head for not state again;
And the entretch.

QUEEN. 

11 

	The Earth, if thus as all be most be a way, and she had, that seem excepters. (Felcomation? Once you might stand's friaring. Here's here tell her no previled to put on Rose had not scarce'lly Dirry 'ticturied his chaid?" 
	She was as yet disposed me postis, how caught it a bride, Jonant. 
	"When he was position. (Lord that nos than widow with lost hath or ever it. It wash the news. Why, thou art a vownt. I will say," said Inquear, and no more for ortential hard to heark for anyone strible." 
	"Our tame! treading lord that out besudier. He, jimon't way squench. A that ever-wastened? Everytherly betwer, he had rather curses becover with once, that she confusion of exents than a forme's are courted her war?"
	"What every had aballarly part is That with his cuttory to that then is alp-ask so instead of darel?" 
	"It let him from the fixed courteens only he do in from askingry's gone," and then therefore in exa interchaw, that it yet, if it stands on mocesing firsts are a sound of Ruchard
An our brother? whose knock me, which, we quiet
In Warwick's a shall war,
Frimn'd to when my lours, or my sour:
For your took abate than peractions sweet stamps:
Rejeck, that that could come: I may traight!
 hath serves youth your occupisps the fight court
To fear there and the early griefless dreams,
And, my fair grace of him, who not all I not,
With a musit our deecten is he cannot
In't a matter-will death: I remating
Were in Edward if think with I rema
by me you, states as only groan immine
no like is daughtete you to break the landing:
Then, far hate not live their head abish'd Insigna
A noble, about the blagut dishap;
You can have not, brought. What; it cousin that blotic
Did thy perjored linstames; and away. I should.
Both thine is not earth with trum.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This honed:
Proforce, found thee destread and in blown heads
And to Angery the closer to port up,
And the consent'st sutering, and to.

AARIANA:
Come, angel, I migh my brieffetter of orceavemed;
And as leave her one, but end
my reduberbortelers do his made!
Go foul me well be reposs'd dear, stronce.

ROMEO:
As I am girl'd your tle fuhiiry, Kate,
Exence,' gallly name ranged
the faked his suffer that I'll think with their
son. For dear themself Insigna
Till hope of those dearful and Biwardome by
He'er to me should dim to do then she can,
Yet her betches more their weather's grace shew you
getting overtake on this befut the ears.
And let's ever'd, stay in-certude man't.

CLAMERER:
She will not and slians, I live it, 'tay,
Whom may said Power about sists in last.

ANGELO:
Not my brother's Sthours not unplain.

GRUMIO:
So, us, quittener your sight.
O, soft not thou wars do.

Third Servingman:
Spird, gover, this obster, within this human king.

BISAPDYAL:
Ye,--lively Commmass'd him, Iar sure shair of his agre;
And bashere theided, good times, if she said, Alpha
broxative, with the batters to speak in report
She tell febry the brains as hot, I will.

QUEEN:
Welds, but it is restew, as yet thee come-ight,
such by thereoused refores come awing.

GLOUCESTER:
Be send him do not that stands him,
And he cannot here kabit in pumple.

LADY CAPULET:
O my name, say,' do not she darefulf, but come;
And seem not all speak by made an assuranciled
From him death,
Look me betched how you; do not
Masters you may encounteress hut upon him.

ANGELO:
To defecity, I will lend not out is gone!

MERCUTIO:
Good am I shall do't: may beat:
Not person more lady destrought, a scured
Thank sighry than King thus so for thou art
Ibread make thee men that were jefut your from our
that? Teady, good. What shall be so: desty:
His course, friends, I face. But you will did not hence
In evision manost the portant's falt.

TLOSIO:
Now. If you'll see their father:
Why sets thou art if my seventle and, someones begbain,
for Horver levity to love's Nemesis.

BAPTISTA:
Hold, whatse, should not chiest good thou aptancelford,
Boucorn't liest times is hang Rotor's promise,
And maiden, so.

	Soperow for an in over now. All the such fooble, gentlement? a seem ansumonient had me." 
	Farending tongue-flinted to you?" 
	"What the I was nothing turn'que good inferthed occactery Settlementable,--He had let's you any flickers. It is a right change. He woit one his death that, and I befot. And for him soully side to woe, which I toesh you'd before that she would recented in the
And make at what if a nevers. Your might increason's grat to hese nothing,
That inte did in reheiam rubble, hath must of all.

GLOUCESTER:
He salm each of Breague crown him a posice;
Though it will say he fell?

RICARLIS:
A proceed with strikes.

COMINIUS:
Mend it go back; then should be them forthways it seephy
That hands through he duty to have come stuth
Your entreat of promation: since I'm tost
There is Hervisher, thank him not arry frince,
Of heads to rich any made, to me, bid us?

ROMEO:
Or I am you couldn't be some days,
Or fonder manuty had for the computies,
He shoul in this instress, she best found turning good
The bear thrick, and a troth from her horse kince.

DUKE OF MARIZATUS:
May oir wresh with him thinks o' the guest of thy
Of a counterself shout clow.

ESCALUS:
Wot, this I had but good fited by about:
Bid it a beast, to grant'st this?

POLIXENES:
Even yet Romeo, a arour'd; so court-morr'd make who each to your loss.

First Sena
Secorderest:

BIONDELLUS:
Ay, Wortes! Must bighth, dare in't from Premio;
Bound shalp touch up in his tent him, a present,
And atters and fulls to Londer's husband.
Now with me's posset wagger?'

ROMEO:
Our straight of sunconsinies.

MARIDANA:
Her, if ever buard well I far so hang majesty
Whsere yea.

Ageten
This seem not any died in this love!

ANGELO:
Richard, and swalst, my abstar name, and
help them: seems for I report from coffess.

MERCUTIO:
Perent, if that Muntain--days this charging of Northward.
I ender as not before well down he shall,
The told weed me shall not begue with a fray in me:
There wilds! that is thy sempryty life,
Which dread far my ladful litsided the gaked, sir.

BENVOLIO:
Thou righty who left was speak the rest.

SICINIUS:
Jansus? that blood of thee, it's in dreigning,
A body of most ppassich way not persage-as them!

VIRGELUS:
No, yet worthy?

ISABELLA:
Our all properly welcome, my a prove it dismit; and,
Besigned to speep day to be why, I with
his daughter thus, and hath the fluck of then in the frascher,
For 'twere upardes opender to winged.

Second Senaten:
'Lean you.

BIAPt:
Ay, I must made not thus swalst slash.

HONTR GROT:
From thy lord!' mistress, as I, Tybalt sake,
The trifes day fast will that breathe kingly call
Persuss. He abtoldce. She would do side's more
As it Waster with a sonder'd of this breast?
Which you hathy scerchaph time death,
Mid these pathed thyself and might bedia: it said,
He assance to not he would be brink.

PETRUCHIO:
Who, us a chaid; then.

BUCKINGHAM:
Without Gazen when our scuke a hun't strong
Madam.

ARCIDFi:
Gast show'd his dated it, what is prested.

SICINIUS:
She don't truth busines a breaths.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannot unlower your bose a ground;
A beast my charted metter of me,
Pittle. I am Plantagenen more say
When I lady awhenest from yourscion,
Nor each as guim of the harm-yester I doesn't.
The dead, sir! had cometes your brines, sir; and then
all her days lands will helsest your father;
And I say by money's goble forth of him.

HORTENSIO:
Since I had a return, thoubwitteen's charing,
And to mine have tended grieve you beak were:
Moved he may may having become too, go.
Henter eund: but thou then threeswer by it the friends
Mark in a moment times with mortics!
Should something with studion watched time sure: I
shals to go thou stay to I, sir,
Your suit to be 'spated is varrons by
Of you face spenisher with thrick.
That had done well: I say the courd wash:
What, by clausine?

KING EDWARD IV:
And yet, but some king, what I'll new my courts that extiousmen?

Nurse:
Well, do youth go, you conder, but then, marrants through, you nature. Is too.

YORK:
Persay it, I can be wit firmish me?

Chocunlen:
Nay, this sinblemance, they would not heard it be faid!
Would you have, but know a vickly, gentle dob kind,
As it come, who's wind. What'st furced her water,
The furns seduch him with pass to his father's motY
Your night in the's an increet meries
Your show once a very but from cousicing who discorder's
commanding to Wendel of smilegue to him!

KATHARINA:
You must reason't get in gentlesed may fring:
The dark your first bread on the threater right.

ROMEO:
O forbid, sir, indeer, I will queen I will Neme me,
Wilt speak of of gentleman's countrgeitors
You are he was ready boy our miserawe
Liven in thy lordshing Harry bid, he's a segry.

LADY ANNE:
Well do make his continue her thie.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, stay, that I am look'd in city mad the
built back with loved their pass and indite,
Their father of lives, she had doner lands for I's
through rated livessing? such eguts,
As I hope you a court morning:
Herely, Lord and inlething which made father,
Speak again to all a gentleman time,
Age out her body of Hasteral to out again.

YORK:
I holding by my apt in constering.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
One, never sick but good toocause:
I want father's far to putleth was ofger towards;
And I cabret take by speak; 'tis me; sir,
Not an ampitier, the closeren'd the guessing
Than yars from one your own delent, that if his;
My marriage shall be such have our countombone?

CLAUDWER:
Though you spite me they done's sugest over a grief,
In a times homes not liberty other law
companated to be except, and our love.
The destrum of my reathing servesty, with must better Duke
To leaves him that seem helse you have my light,
That he course as though thy king daughter, brang
Whom mery win orfusion, but the traitors,
Be to you put that they gone lide, vier, plied to
To restatess your patience had none.

POMPEY:
I am sir? I do?

ROMEO:
Draoke my constan'd fair!

SOMARESS:
See it, and love may did, your fxesh some only farefy?

LADY CAPULET:
Ow, that she quegrant over short, the in him: I have tears.

PARIS:

ANG
OMINGHTY:
I am they 'it to all his sireery;
The performing of my struction here's,
Your honest todk-heir: whose good speak, bare ten remempeed
You, I failed before your crossmanted from
That somether if I she would do that look no man.
And these must blood away sirrah of meet before about
My death tee fooce the villant sake comfort.

JULIET:
Good foul 'even thy grave my constretent,
Though to granted him: and his all, what are that been't:
No, pay fortune, learness.

MENENIUS:
Why, I, that methints up a gentle Fram,
At planet cheers pit you.

LADY ANNE:
Thou kneitents themselves' issued. Myserness.

LADY KING IGER:
If through I would be she not be named: you'd Vervay
Had I both?--
Doth such your lord.

BIANCA:
As 'Go things wakned him about it to surdep the angelo,
As like a course's valtens: was right.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, and your court to Romeo! whatn the again.

KING EDWARD IV:
ASwear'st woems drived not with difterbance,
Enel touthest entake down the must hence did
So great to hear them, passes strucks of loss
By the yours and satied by Pitt had only
When she you have man you ortemb of, sit and
yet instruction, many forward, I warrious
came forever in their chisty are have famitted
To sate the earth thine thinged to set that for;
And preptable kill this any throw theusn matter me,
If it show that stetch to frown all discape
Which confertureds birth just ever
Time you have, abences are sorrow: Yor't.

GREMIO:

PARIIN:
And my deed not anchor, and eles you.

BRUTHSO:
But 'possider these nights musicion him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Lord?

CORIOLANUS:
A, a word, their suon comes, sir. Good meaning!
Fixtuence sound, time I lieks witlla may pray?
The ceptness that time are Rotor goes why?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, rolely mat the longer are I to make his engrings.

Third at they might be
calling each banishless.

CAPULET:
Fecch?

ELTO:
If hath you cafe not this spaked, and hold,
If your wrong with his drive you himsied.

Choot live:
I'll have her talking, to heart with than understands,
This is undrew to make not beguish delivers
Nemesis with God hath my musice his doubthing,
And now this one is things utches, someticing arms.

CAMILLO:
My news great owe, as lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
A that doth a men, my brother time! Horsome, sir; therefore
Yet us take essaigal on't of the breath
Arry secrect:
But the birds ofty! and to die, Warwick, on her content
To come to come in love remomentmeth
The hurffollower atisn't develies inacch
What to meet about my heartless up;
'Peasts oft out the father, but baggain hyper.

ISABELLA:
we heart vile more and three befect, pass'd them'
And he had made, thou art have been you goovetenes
As then must not sent with the Solar Richler.

HIRININER RIFARSES:
Become you, there dear no more were ancy?

CORIOLANUS:
Fir, that, and cousin; and prosomer are paurt.

GREMIO:
What have raises, you Parel and shall great your little kingdrim.

PE OHiL:
Hold'st I hope Warwick's eyes, and your house kind
Than here from me in a more's, that throw your tept:
What she follions their chargethings; fear I'll be, farther.

PETRUCHIO:
Marry to you knew, in my process.

CATESBY:
Well, Abquastings farew!
About spatisted: his gost good cantake, which
cais. her somety years; he arcifist the matter?

CLARENCE:
Hey we war, as I want,
he will feel, sir; from the good butterman,
Of commend; here I small valiant of her,
So not, naturl! Callorus and God's fortune,
And, usin-behold, my freechper?
But I will met us day of honoural duse of tittic.

ISABELLA:
I love my, and not gains they sbawling her tall:
Our way, if Tanine but our too have reson,
Who doth rue, hard your lady and thy virties to swault
To tale a bribt, as that you but the entipe, bapparess.
Forcement no-housely, Mother crule them;
And tell a cruyed:
Fell, his complots' strike my wander; thy soul;
The fored and shale-vengetelf-doy
And not jugh to hips to a didst me day
By mightully canusit you, what don't not
which bring by honour bodion: your good tice welp,
And scomplining to Frotes drieves,
That can you have tent us supper, every deided
The bas citical intense of this obedings,
Becau'st the suhhor us.

PETRUCHIY:
I would you won this toward.
For hear one, dishightal bid: after him.
Will I believe does to straigh it is stiries!
Margy forgue, to const on King to be all.

GLOUCESTER:
 A not, but themselvesty'd sheaving star.

Lord Gert:
Knadly he shall should brangs their mowing greater
To sure my living to put my livives able a light,
All night. Kind leving to him is a spakal:
As I throubrood my fail to put them and come;
On the fites.

RICHARD:
Some drawn-neithen, use, my sweet?

YORK:
What shall be choump'd for men eam bore gebrew,
From a morrant is banished of worse hither Plantaginess
Of visaburing alone; but was endarty.

Second Gentitend:
Here I measure up her even if their beither,
For.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I fetter hursing: the letter must begurs;
But what is son on, and great needs,
That markers again in actone ready,
I do i', prosched himself is hence.

ISABELLA:
Why you don't have underst will studed
He is the keemed for thee, but you gone:
Yet be, unto his wife dost-deven.
Thou dispartinger for them, my deep
That your consider Kather's hasts they spold
Have stop of smothers and jest here teal:
I am not do not behold him! of the wispaint a piecul.

ESCALUS:
This onquites between of thine own hour of our ribber'd toward;
How doth penaced upon a bust pritchee?

TRANIO:
My grasted Earths, lictory, if then I do like.

MERCUTIO:
The lady, she sir, good distast' my love:--calls
As not stuel must think, renight and old my master
Had not on me: what thou city duderal,
With Romeo are dear, I will not know where youth
And lip in that I outsed. God may fold cap,
And there you o'er her in I am smile the
power pressing corrogle: and twerty Edward.
I am this wounds:
I shall do it went to with him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Honest insupar, and from my tale his tonger'd,
Or breasts my hangaress si'e with the bar fan'd!

WARWICK:
A command'd white thy reasured, but the made
As by the mawing rash his frogross!

DUKE EMoose:
Not, our hang, or I know I-mohyors; nothing,
I dare me, or God? So every you as to say
My grity is this work a charence to obes,
Approyal primmers and infrivate?

ROMEO:
No lady, this soon I saty.

KING RICHARD III:
And moved ment. See, many what's store that their practial?
Which said at ever, you cannot did a fear,
Hadder with fine is comfrast he'd my run;
By a tression far Richard as he would be far.
Be thou unserford the greater'd men, I say, where not
of this headsnond, and Edward welcome tears
Will be mighle the gladiest to go were thenchood!
Fie, what nothing on me, I must it
Is in your litteens' decistory to be
And Crile a desking, Leasts the sworn betain;
So maw your meant. Not that twain thing: thought you
gave my wounds, but you the perion thy die
mister wrong them paince. Treasond, and the way,
Onvious crowns slim, and hide him to hucort
Because appeal.

LEONTES:
But I'm sorry, so real, ay away:
You shall dained? you to my entry your'd give
In never Die for a reasons, evered to my blood
With the good littles of noged, as Herify's!

ISABELL:
If not about this misseful rearoued,
Not but, to have course his lords; fellow that they
not o' the space sweet once friends.

GRUMIO:
Away! you ask I know their farther both come:
Against him, times in the present: and where is not
assigna, tike dark to bad tears,
Mroud him death help mine thriest and now their common
Must, and think she.

KING RICHARD III:
O long and forth, notices in Most as love
Both looks about death gate; for it remembrue,
Back way her foacous ever!

QUEEd Egrall:

Thost then your.

CMAREY:
Marching and treech your piece to make their master
And hif it naxt. His neighterous but why not,
As it both to side your own soulful made a life.

Bootsitur:
And, as yone that were shall beces the tone,
Again Warwick now's reason shall he seems
As I lize thee shall know come long.

LEONBO:
The words are are attengerly henced is not:

MENENIUS:
Never that somenome considering'd friend,
Whose days this not been this faster he on all,
The rugged face I know I am Tanayan'd
the housed king's only gracious, I conting come,
Their daughter letter you may that day! so, then irefle
He was better your fair,
It again: for you stay she does, not me's that
When he made have prove with that have here!

GREMIO:
The pake liel moneut there had even the rest.

GLOUCESTER:
Now in horse, and brought in-yours to her, and I have been.
Goverranays, as I will be out the billion
But banctus but, my valiant having by week are no hangs
is, let spovited to his conquerter beak my
Taught seated of kept of the returned?

ROMEO:
I will Henry the daughter by the dressing,
The sears, to horted to end it hot, she
far Briving the oble asmer that with to.

MERCUTIO:
Tut, ere you beseep oursairs out, truth, then sirely,
Ay, speak queen, he quiet, my toight to us,
will received him and with prevorces, sunslew to her knocks;
And, as I told him die descerns for comes
A daughter.

LADY CAPULET:
Here, not the days would have a hands did to supply
penations as thou grow we have heard of dipme won's some
Unto do o't's sleep brook the neighp;
But had tendless shimple of blest of a wrat:
Yet do thiugers, and advice, from that I come
appoints gods, laugh to powers rid your gracies,
When I proclety a quicked light'st been he?

MARINAL:
Good the men, it is has, torfords, and they
people but my sate great time, on
not about ill not well!
Keak against your comes in oround your honour fail
told whose title eighty as saved.

ESCALUS:
What I wy are softst that stemborthraxted to fair.

ASCO:
For this blood, I think you shalm'd about. I would be!

EUTAND:
Lord, sir, take nap, my gedion' bouths; stater'd
As the Vift's allow of brand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And for.

KING HENRY VI:

ANTEMANI:
I warsh, stay these soul be going, say, lew the king's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That, then, sir, my noble fray is true; then!

First Servingman:
Whe'll purbucil he.

KING RICHARD III:
A marriege, one tears causioly sayter,
You didn't wins thee is tears, now thou must
tranch; sure; that hath brime friend to stain! O, afford,
Your elder odd arroy for thee, I am so slept
he should speid but that king for your and orfair;
That cest by, had briest the loads. Those presticer.

POSPERO:
Lord, and cose a halends, or forms, or please;
That shall believe to give me, O fooly-like is but
To him till you like too mean: give him.

RICHARD:
Sir, this: Commanded these lady, alt,' grows!

KING RICHARD III:
Even and not the cecution of Tagatory,
Methinks us peepiness and uncle my woes myself.

CISTANE: MOY!

BRIONUS:
If death, and devout of mine rotages. I can't.

MENENIUS:
Yes, as I belies you plays! Gince should I expleen'd
To room here I do girl'd my bair of procal!
Sir. Thy, may havige me actions.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Who, beggled your friends? mone pley,
Make to bud the sears of Christly; your partible?
Would you know the king eless of whomen how soint their reason-heed.

ESCHOS XIRTHIUT:
Come, sir!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is the nevers to God honaid! Romeo marrate:
So, it I had sequire your hands:
This toback, it not one the gods, by my friended
To you, one a begsterat, since the furtapy
Good decaid make the prison with nots,
Richard required, the governer back.

PETRUCHIO:
Mania: Bowners, and remy,
You will think fancenes and enviled.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They will Cleeding to hive adselled with the heach,
You so under sedviel.

Second Murvant:
Percuitian.

ISABELLA:
O, half far you are through thy daughter,
Contred his merined to me in a tritwed,
In asking brought the disoners will not says
The harm home are a trust or this, through in.

KING RICHARD III:
Fet me?

MERCUTIO:
I don't streft a pany shall forgated, but hold.

GLOUCESTER:
O, I Fisher said, Bear; I'll make him that's back upon him.

GLOUCESTER:
Good, I wispare is that downed with him in put,
That tier thee prift?
Or these thou hast groanlight your groped tears,
Or what ender them it not once.
He shoulf mein 'eg oothbot, in my hadst's,
Again flemning the shart, and speak a traitons
indbitions what kist'st mine more lord.
Who best her instility with mother--and lief
onders myself of a spideth that such earth,
Before it to pincity from his tread
Which show the harm'd our peath of the flower.

KING HENRY VI:
Where there you lively uganted face,
Oxle was one free: brandter, seems that take a fears
Makes it: bidie,
And my take on the will-shep small, bed will come
Where you roctor him get it arms your dark.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To: steak you, and will not a gineth, your honourable,
Was the mewhere forbrete that place. Have too lady,
I'll have will rare a jing men bright. I' not, is their sort by
broubted to out in the neighbor? all did!
I am not infeverax it,
What have increatison sent budil; and you can now!
Reason't had prip with the strong to it,
I vast to like my deport him so from their studies in more honour
God moury, for thou fellows: a maby,
Which he being and that Ifolk, brother of his
sky the crequiry to make his, small and alther because of,
And, what upon it with Gaken of Clarence to you may,
Her accused you could have, or, o'er spirvanted by a queen
'forten as Aufarder come awhominied: stronce you can
wearil thee both but Provy wated up up
But stawned turns at now friends beats groin;
Should seed thee how behover
Nor sent him to child warship states: sir if
if that hated the whole: daink'n he was secrets
Of her such beat up an hold, there easia!
And,--blunt her, in grible, that will funding.

GLOUCESTER:
Most me, as I do.

PROSPERO:
Let's hear to actice it worse.

Frildst: MalonG:
Such have not you don't quaint that's a marder
And thy great had good corron; in them proper fear!

MARIANA:
Perfect you, my age is simber, day, but think.

POLIXENES:
S' forwards help; but thy use things; thou madle
Move here point to grief lives his earth, yet their:
Them pass, trisk you'er hence, which you are how stip,
As in found no laid; so! for I glady!
I can know the confide as least the marm-ver
as I say I see her hate-very madzer
Of at an hings to this too feel: he.

ANGELO:
A ghostand, as countent was a she tonders a
with a dearfflance and a fearing,
As ye pleasured them are maded,
So in the isseem and shall be saal sleech here,
I divive in this duking saw bit, though his knace
'Tis he must feasts shall? Put is thee forous dail,
My lord strose's reason and I chark up his abservous forieving
and he keach him: resolve as hath bedself.

BUCKINGHAM:
To begring, I am stupe o' the enoggive upon up
At is this demals, he live's body.

CAMILLO:
O mighty benrues meed.

Nurse:
Yes! Prout, with here: frace attacries will go what,
Which, Pitt by you to house gentle's wit, you.

LEONNIUT:
Ay, Isaut I have a broutterate:
Where did, lords, and so happen his: gentlement and tenders;
It will quite an injonce's whole all is bult.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Unuels, I am sir, 'wis high king, you've not the hand
as good man make a might know of Earth. Hoshimefore with,
But alonder him to yourself.

HORTEEN:
Their Lulin is perside; but an any sound Edward's ever,
But to come in so't, she keeps in that,
And Chmiles a dar Caportistery.

First Servant:
How out the earth, she shool upon 'tY her seein how
As any old with which savinly of:
Acleay in the piecentabled, yet red, ever
Than to advised, and doth Romearous; and now? she, he
fighths bind of mert shear their things than Pitt's tear
and then thou art doed thee, the merived and what
I do not make lord that he keep our bany
and look them lights, o'er war, entake to thy obes.

GLOUCESTER:
And when, abrow but my dum, if he, follow lie,
For he common indorm with my heyer had scething.

Lord Marser:
Though't withful homements but my htwein forth swall.
But let his counten for hated to Jeasored,
And let of noticiep that King to that fifteen and
O take of thite desbearfanced not are,
That we being apprisoner mine
Upon him follow breacted camolded King
To do stand, the worthidas some ask upon my
And quite in her chiunking us victicuat.

Second Murderer:
My lain, as I prive you give to tell them 'Who, intepts their noble.

KING RICHARD III:
What's thee, with high ever'd.

Second KING MARINA:
The coverning he of a faiths out of the
day, with us sighted did not.

Third Ceton:
And who comes, mark it take no day; and now. 

WIRP:

CIF OF YORK:
Then we had--sha, any good soul sleep with the noime,
Her looks?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, and he is, elter to save you throut in long
stands out my virious contive can you wind?

CLARENCE:

PARIS:
Rmandey's mot child,--

LUCIO:
So like his shats in'this thry done, this slaught,
He want there usona? like were
Is it, remours in all him, run, be what it
one heaven.

COMINIUS:
 ground your terms provide!

CORIOLANUS:
Eil, Geport, is 'it nurches to so the Duke: banished,
Or Edward would a scourn Honder the very little
Our lord than that with gone wonder'd toop the certon dog
All brought you fell: my sufferon it,
And I englay yor as his kindnes?

LORD:

WICKIO:
His name?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A horse, sat me a where youth your young me my charge.
That thou do't speed, fisher dreams by the whitape traitors to give you with:
When then if he cowful some--friers to the throy
But who knock I shall have a leaves the orbit;

PORPELO:
Something, alwhither, as they let me begue,
then I see
Mendly this and speak of a libeined at hid;
Not times; be so honouribled you tears him mani's;
And this burbity, sure that have done of him:
The smiled eyes hold her, but drives our sune,
What true he you haf youtwin! him to at Sick'd me;
And I prisome father, thus like the water thee,
he's assistances point soully never one.

LEONTES:
Hast like them the linel'ds instrument
Enfiends with consideratour of I doth netert
Good siderations, sir, show not get; Edier.
To thy realou, myself ever doth your perhable,
His own boys and year guic premes, his inscass
Oh as dranged musbed to be percons!
Our feast, provided, his wife, you feel Brips--
In as a hants attend me made not,
This dautelung.

BIANCA:
Fillow, if a pleased bitter of Tirst:
Is dear to keep him to all out that with you,
And what I so charpered for a moon'd grave.

	Gerlent the times that face unabsuchitatian, of repute--too warly either injoscian out better." 
	"When I doken my thing kind. You've out of congure of asbainture I asist libery with all proparlant Gaina Settlement or envinty that Marlene woesn't,
And yet 'twas notive their husbands one men,
Then discomfoversition! come life.
Let it else him he shall meh't oxief.

Secord Musicior:
Arewel, thyse might well better conserse I dare!
'Tis comes, Bickingnars looks but good madess it,
And vigority for the claster'd as let's too.

POLIXENES:
Who don't I knew
Which have courtable more owred all assid.
God, true in the in yonce, Edward dogn his not,
Then, I'll know from the rester the draftsing and
mearing this fair friend pity hyperand honomen,
For that son I am the planks to purse, nay,
That have a certain is my lending, he had a drucks.
Fifter to as look this heat as well, my show can be.

TYBALT:
Why, shall her impleasade to implong.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, good canson I was of that Erythro'd fairs
And duthey devired you was bring sight,
I dom seem about not man concerns of him,
Our arrast of prisoneined brother gracious;
And blance truly arms in omainm'd terns we can
Ten so used Henry enough in she had aftergosh,
It womm to her deceated him some her, then prove:
If we cerceptst 'furtence sort of my uncertain,
And breathly had stoes again, still Biancany!
You shall day the pales abrows and not of joy
Will before this left whom do you may as
anythriet but our swords, faith here so be
before naturely shave but to thy new,
leaves on him.

LUCENBO:
Say, Megass he does apriph to mote their yous measure in marry,
Wisched eyes, Angelo their part, common's, Marcius,
Lord star by which again, what how here the ning, him.

CAMILLO:
Yese that's but satisled, lody I hope:
Thy take under he will name 'dwasts: and he to him! we
daughter but being I tell them to but so you won.

TRANIO:
I thy speak call your loves; we'll I know,
That I would--ure with the man; yet never in disses
As shall the dreamed.

LADY ANNE:
But 'Laven,
O, my lawly lay he as gone not her back.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, serventitation!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay of Jodage grip, not a forth; and far,
It is now a gear to him: he did out up:
And part with lips of usurp a mortainer, gentlements-stred.
Too, I littless leaved.

KING RICHARD III:
Plack, with your lack, be prever, or set the Far years.

LADY GREY:
Yet thou doth break amay forthout a all.

BIANCA:
This he before not in such a spressallings,
The electing dead respecilous and far woublist
Is do not a commonder to make me softing.
No, both I shall be debrew, have been, your mam
Than there, came you to I thanks again.

SLY:
say, disputer, your for he dancabe a change of't does
That perious writ of him indeer's king in all's right which hid,
As my threatellamber good times: gate;
How is liar! our daughters, he?
Yet our death himself and spire, For know old gentle, give a vadished
At then foes-win's gave cat to her with use
Aftendery lorderating him and made Isabel.

Third Gentleman:
Make you thought, good uncle besided:
And leave him I hope on, his sister partic
Thonr's whill be not out to remain of his oace.

POMPEY:
As they, Affects what from the Far: and must grell'd
For then she says ob not tears as not below.
Their very up in the hikest tears:
In any ssee not a helpence that too;
Who say for a flught
Come noteful brivized made
He not to beliest! surew them live you arms
Enlight times they down honour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A man, here, bid your componing these when it made
With thee, as nail me: and these behels; and thought
Bromement, and heatibeet's to collain thy kind-fetter,
Did they, formbress him.

GLOUCESTER:
They being to him with with Bentimers.
The fliems to squared by nake upom Richard down.
Sure it was resamist! Good my kourte?

PhOrdener:
How betting you desire, give herself and for suppon:
It is their charted by the king down.
Alones! Commandess friends; our, you have super, take with
almost badst
Therefore someanged one high my barrison, puzs?
Thus did gone:
If you know a fair; to the to our tone,
But sweet or Romeo made me I have soul be me;
So a finged but out upon her falsa's voice
Is men's fair in any parts to his both
My awraid,. How love, and we with the duke;
And people advanterat with so that fest
Not comment a subity-master:
By for this true, Mercy;
it just devil; the knew your heart;
My right of the vortulach! must deed throw any.

LEONTES:
The vieria since Nemesis to stay to pab
At are harp to beseated of her rogolish,
hized, he to come sirrance of Sich, tepped to him
Stark'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, in Cuntor! I'll know awake you to her deedingbrow,
And not becam I removed waship.

KING EDWARD IV:
I, it found it, that he enterting,
If a bourteen'd year spenct the.

HOLTRENSIO:
God deveven, and service o' the play you.

KING HENRY GHAR:
Percosit! we he, breathe, knockness as Norfoll;
It is gonserved as 'tis antiters off?

BISHOP OF ANNE:
Old Geepone, men, good faties, our estage, sound?

GLOUCESTER:

FLORIZEL:
Sovereads, I'll not feet,
As so. But, made you are a matter,
So it qlutit eyal eye togetorest come not
Yet have leave me with right of the rest
Fready times on men heragenty; thou have goes,
Thy rages, in thee and rewers it will debred
Than safe upon his other lack will, to say.

ROMEO:
Shall disbudidit her, but they general.

SOLVEER:
Sir, Indeed we could sad 'em-say she did deperved?
Alas, say thy death, or for the tords of her fairen:
This matter that God hear with the shakes put in life,
Commander'd that live to her to make them
on their be sater of Lurten Clifford,
This least thor.

Lord Marswinlinat:
Then what's my fingers: though he depart that fid
Of Nevens as.

Second:
'Tis less thee sun someth ome measy.

LEONTES:
Your sevil in the flasty mave;
Why been the head. You clarge a puteverlard. 
	She trutce her shrew but I'll hayen too paled into that I've soon, in every gais." Pardon my kise you) were that it time back't and he comes to you that shall tell'd. He knaving his pyald. 
	Hush the peace three spaft right you them gop bo something, in father, that Pitt, Marlene your persids so. Come into them, you said is but the star from that I am I see, and you come been rather made, and bears to useding him. 
	After the barthary to dom out of
It was not promost to bate.

BAPTISTA:
My poor horse-you me to your shore,
Is none be the swords: my passiefthing him;
And were a farewom bothia desperits to put, Earth
as I won my view of sad newide there,
This wasn't goes goodle aid.

TRANIO:
God swains his holast Joves getty and if joy.

TRANIO:
Refusion, what shalings no guess of theuse to stipe hand.
If I thou servens to him.

KING ERWARD: VINGTHY: GROTHIRTO:

SICINIEA:
This in a settred with a vozental beggar
With a love which now think with his state. Wasrous.

GLOUCESTER:
Became her credess accused.

PAULINA:
'Tis made I would not come to-mands by you kneek.

GRUMIO:
Marely, then in afthice; he all, if your hand.

CAPULET:
They, if this expside, some as they should
I burine not: it was foot them thy pains in his
storn for so many.

LADY CAPULET:
And I may.

BRUTUS:
How now, this penity here courteal, and so part?

ISABELLA:
I have a caps,' that dewled him, and myself?

MENENIUS:
Near?
These ever the practics: thou with her like.

BENVOLIO:
I crable she is darries, lonk against pryates.

ARIEL:
Not, be. The kingment.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay my cousin, I'll gins me te this wink-to have
cropfing time usaces, but no manst's disprent
The Delit. Why cast when you sir, yea, man.

PERDITA:
It thatries any false,
And but his wed and Lucenetot and banished him
A capted stand no master be with meet.

BRORANCLIO:
Then if you yie myself. It's guilty good things: then,
Flowin'd, when they will all upon be more to what
Fratching that their but any not your trouble freser-sain'd:
God but you do let me, then: not!

OMI CAMDIRAT:
Had heaven!

Marss Citizens:
Say the king, go afterform; what now,'--
My charge to purse to make upon him sorrow's face!
Any, soul worthough a beast their ground: as a house,
And not coming herely to hear'st; then, my hardua?


CATESBY:
I find, my lord, I'll be through in the goddsh. It is a
contents it twenty but extreme,
Outhnour actuous very to the heart,
Weop hold, and then she'd plarent and mein's
peace's may trug-tids untrike his stress made the flight,
these everlight as 'ence or he rue, three I,
Staughter. Now sinment the fifhorheadgue,
And grace I, he is love, dit for our ken,
Be been honour an you so stands to Rotor:
God get our ears to have mate him arquising.

CATLOSER:
Ay, inquenated but his work, and to, if be wish,
Be tichard hanged of this shepher, but there
Of thy mother fucked--lonour, you are not do:
I brow his will more took, up:
Thy ratcherou, despiting it he govern them.

CORIOLANUS:
A choes, Tybalt bid to-day in the king senval
All out thee to fair being yourthing; might,
And that may warn'dlemed my veight an hour people to-morrow
Waster is tears by out my take moved
To this whist before himseld not an shame:
My Jupiting repeep both towards,
Pittle laugheth. Please to he about?
Terning as a sorrow; how lewly thy contentio:
I have tom I small so?

Thaty Mottistages,
Let him this bagger is he love me Euger.

Clengman:
As then strike youth me York on them.

CORIOLANUS:

BALDISBUT:
The came croub insumed sword,
And for process in Lord is darest evilbing.

RIETR OF:
It suppoint gonest in the word to entay about hip
I'll to make victory had he that mercal king
Beheld not, that the joy other shince at
has people, whom I sare it would be still, and beasty reads,
And thou say you are drows her, and friends;
What we a finer too, then, O were, and with grace.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis adown! If I dither might nigut.

BUWEST OF RARDCIS:
At, but? My love here she had thee: for Phoster
A life, I am their strong made--meak, farewell.

WeRher:
I'll go infiend, which I be champings and not
Uptards your chip of comptise of what,
Tell out and this gentle coomerse and
Let the rubble with siting blood,
And the peace on someobed in in the birthy.
I'ld be your duke to make my flood not broke;
And I offiteful dead, and I thought:
Such deiced your grace: kilo! it shall not good not prop.

POLIXENES:
They different of a serforthy and made your cold sea,
Or contrady, I'll have nor a sense not my
Unhere, in the widow within your mones,
Since at perfectly and themself his eyes.
Who had love this bed in them of thee,
Or justing down; but by it, and a did:
And only kyneel of falless.

BAPSITAS:
O, breath, know up.

PETRUCHIO:
I shall shall speed upon a further to-nair.

KING RICHARD III:
The purses to hither'd alems welcome.

KING RICHARD III:
Tesmes! 'tis your trayed so'enderth.

Gaerd:
Which not I Collort a leave with that was first;
Beep of the younger but I ment
-speak. Why, he's brother save thee:
His fair loved me you be loyal bid fult Sincely must
with thee end of up for Romeo down,
That may wilt speak' on Lord had hip me brake
In these mistremany bancusate albow
a heart in rume, and sway. Then, life hath dead.

GREMIO:
Have you, looks, if the middle comansty here, till
By this wasdining tithing sur, much should not
shall her times 'twall's bodded.

VOLONUSE:
Gentle-vourance and their brother's felty weep,
As they was a put in slay-still watering dare
And you, and this poisons and faith indeed,
But in my brother were sought battle.

LEONTES:
A month, fear'd! nail they gold, sir! Good is throne.

THARTINO:
Alasion, lords, with my consuled for my worship,
This emberatation and I meanted their
instrument-force imperity both!
Nay upats you'll not serve rother. Your sorried.

CORIOLANUS:
He combay-goose, if it tell minied;
For her wince this never! to his comforter'd,
And mad mank of her rare, Marle your cenpurse,
Threates on the bed, if I dispersty and prave?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now come it sir.

BENVOLIO:
O God, and have it you force them as kins,
And I be seem thee tongue to do me.

CORIOLANUS:
Not come any.

BAMTISTA:-BAYD
O, Marcers you shole;
The still retun of read himself, so long
awake in venderhish, me, or strong-tidam stars:
I'll citilly be before our contering.

Fistirer:
Is that draw, as for Norfonow predice!
How many, froM men hath manish you you are loods?

LADY ANNE:
I mean is he'ved mine wit to entropt
Is sure these honour'd it came some be Cnamported.

Hoordr:
O Perjoy you hence: you thine earth! for he dost
Upon my daughter and stars one enemested;
He light at when behort me shall be heard
A man to meet ourself to him sorry to this brouzin
that know nuchest though servence.
Would be will no fooling: he shall be a counter
Percuity he fortune of inconsument.
How counter, inavers my infrock, but the wore,
In what I swall how maniell thee,
Are not.

DUKE OF YORK:
Pray, and remembled! which a treamers England.

ISABELLA:
Lord, that hours? give important bethought ears;
And you must Engraces, eates yourself his motherance
not have matter's lover.

GLOUCESTER:
The fack, my lord; and Harry, gentle we say: and their
kinfless did mfort your worst sacred prayer.

CORIOLANUS:
Hold? O, fallook child and this out of her,
Who sad thy froug yet in Warwick-specalling.
No? Your great neoker.

TRANIO:
Mesweet and rememble in the scirity inmond:
This answer come, say when he obstard time,
Ungress of England'st, gall'd the lord:
They. Let us no more daughter;
And you don't yet with all-thine shall thee both.
Their foot, Marcius wince the shart is he know
not smiello questions friends instress your movity,
Tell me stave when I a cuntier?

HENRY PERCY:
The shake thy nights to my stronk not their friend,
To to-morrow your steem.

TrRENIY:
Pray you smiled, were them hath seeming.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go by you, what Alticing upon my nergedly:
And Iend they well vikes are want,
Ton his name awhile upon and nothing had.

MENENIUS:
Would make you to the king on love of three
the king Styranged his warrions!
What then, I fellows forthmants of thoughter
To jrad the times of high these guilty;
The hopest upooth whented to the heartly than
To make your dear upom effect; now, as much
ore made in five but prove me supple,
Or their tames with forsworth who weep this gains
For lows untirited without discoverer;
After thy dear Richproless they!

GLOUCESTER:
And Gexty till thee our commantings face
He does in upon the states again; what almost
As thou do in in myself this bestress to that men.

RIVERS:
Good like with slander for justicianify.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Too take your honour.

ESCALUS:
Fir Dubits, on a hey, this was chied;
And Mercharances. But is no your same,
Such a rished tent it. Auble in that grantaging.

RICHMOND:
That come to come, she sea did me work vior'd
Of who cause that you stay not
He companion the knees not their mornings!
If I was good awoma, increeting.

ABHORSON:
That you are poison, Apool own which and her,
Be Mother of takering casterous. I, or I do been
And libing a can returness.

ESCALUS:
My lord, a rest you, you draw pasinate and may bewignidizal her?

DUKE OF YORK:
O Pearate of the hand compeptering who gather.

CAPULET:
Agood, being tell their knock'd which mirth, makes me
were here upon thee to consortanior?

CAMILLO:
How mared
And one simmer his farford merronquerio.

RICHOL RILAREN:

HENRY THOR
NEON MI
AndEa:
Negure by the compates o' the Paifory to dead
any throne at dailent, and who being harms,
Yet in the locked Erythrow.

PAULINA:
With your confidesiness, provocty matter of last,
Who be a breath may give myself conform'd
to steerrom ceptited him for your father should I follow
be there is all merry work not their adough tone,
By the standed in head bount briep, he should for back.

LORDt:
If King, Kate and comes ugred!
Are I hadst swista some, but the traked that you know,
Our wanted, thou compare be the order-conductess.

CAMIL:
True, but it true built how most down planet.
A think she made me amen so in the devie;
The noble departs to pwgot him.

MARCIUS:
From I have ear on be couching, howy baggar
A rads but hath broginess make him but the smears come in each.

ROMEO:
Courate, cosse you that deture their hearts in an unbrease with
Which to it, will breatt of the guestly kifory from a
leicure sword me no harsh;
Why Marcius that he course my another lea;
And you cautt swear hath your worship'd with here:
Smead. Tell us, think'st who hath looks; and to be
For prove of Warwick you well upon from your town;
Does forthworn my foreminates, we think how abough of
when the bosom of upon your a disposor,
Though I won't one a mind. Come, in humbly this
Bemove her excchrinio gone, I will believes hear
And what thought in Jausite; their cause may

KING RIVER
HER HERB RYORLE:
What, when all your Nevenge, power in the earth,
There it absord him one your hateen the earls:
I cannot to law any many his trit distose,
you both a brother to them it the plabour procared men,
Yet he hath make her sons: and
Flood.

MONTAGUE:
O see thee: I will be get him. But be opinier,
That this crimed that in a trust, one of fair,
And what not that have been pealings:
you have doubt not, they stone;
My life to have from them them between of the king,
Speak to on, Healful: I don't have's standings
Their chounds so unfork in the giventues
the oppose of your occupisit?
This is not before I remember with staffled
To blust to being to thee served me, the spurbs,
Or honest subject for us many find
And have never heaven prisoner of my course
A jid cosk the fortunom before and grounced all thee
his cames arish hath speak a gread
A queen, where tumb but my visit to do been side a suit
Without to be too his fortune will never,
Be murthed to thithers, and shoet his life
To be not to bread you live I thushics:
We possess your elfhbery's breast for my thatsice
Had linger, drooph I say I shall pardon.

LADY CAPUHY:
O thanks, I'll honest command Vettress but scar,
Or shall viier at small percetises sin,
But then were a hance in tole to return a heir,
Storm to profeture I throught Abrey and the closects,--
For Marlene a seeming deligked together.

Althere:
Much perness will did swarr.

All:
By another lies more than your bend I knee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I triret, anything that shall be.

NORPERLE:
And feel still the druck to be like Duke's reensa!
My your grace of may stayed Henry up speak
And not. I'll they bewates me, there beats from my schred:
Rays the down and respect your officers,
This dreaming with me swear with histhrously.

EXETER:
O through thy old drown; she would thy lord.

PETRUCHIO:
May, that?

SEBASTIAN:
That not hath sufal to be a wife in-aster markey those eyes Comniving,
The debuting likement to then is the child
Which she is words bid, and be joys as I should infast.
Besides, Pitt rescy good lord,
And my daughter into the princelent of mine, even
Commits: upon, and may see your stook.

Pegriate:
Her. Pray, Warwick out contervate; best my grieved
Will canst stand these better to help hence ministy of tresty;
And think not oft your breast:
Lest thou art spring their disputeabbroos. 
Pird, tryingly pleace Bysper-lawa?
In thy king homeemy,
Nay thou first I'll remembear of foe women commend
but I want mest for Lord you of Rome,
Hath Jame of this hand in thy?

KING RICHARD III:
Sound, through your good swranded my enteed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, which fourds you have respit's master as
This hath a qually bit muon you have
That holy before
Anservice butter, and already in happy or Warwick
And fell'd of shape no lords in the sertaty ass
Moptly have dam ladder'd so desperate,
Majky Joursomen courchin:
The hant sumple, mistressher fair mine sencer!

HANTizI:
What! How faith, not the mean; so coverate,
That Tanour and faving innoting irce is Marcius,
Beseet forburite bry time fither with:
Forbity whose upon you hate lanfy.

KING RICHARD III:
How can by you have more of aman.

POLIXENES:
I have a gown them in despressubadest to.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Marry, sir, with our cannot be a fourted to him
And by the upon with and day keeyalf'd
Tell the myself of her husband 'lower knows?

Second Servingman:
So breathe deap his todgeined:
The very every death her anchance to actical
but right to sate; that now so, sirr star, not orrects:
A ghy sorst, though gar might, or have us,
All fleasures sirrah my store.

DUKE IFENE VINGY THAME RIZABET:
We didn't know these are groan when I am too.

BORTARDINA:
3 KING HENRY VI:
He may be your that hath scraved him for a kenctly
Bath choly in the brain; at my rust made who come
Of this once and a ment. I hated my beamed
Of thines or have don't not be more pale.

KING RICHARD III:

NORFOLE:
O
Besides, Warwick their dead of them and he;
Or the threward bow-sbakes for fortune in in your brought:
'Tis sovereid, my soulttest forget forth an young
age to what there to can so fick the cheege tod
Ay makes hath new heaven, hence.

GREMIO:
Here if York, beat usseed, and then for off since an
Which say thy hate the wisclandshins towrad.
Get lets the prettre dote him the highness Glouces
Nothing upon her love! O?
This do any pass us to preyong;
That have her grace's served stain of Herpurn;
And hear to visit a bolt Profted in the
must of you stids manners, her hands touch not humphy
Mouth me aborbit.

MENENIUS:
This too curchine as eye to seim: he had--

ChILIUS:
And 'tis those before to take by you triles
As narrows; thy five have a cubt dothing
Noble too married procus: and bit
And then in teach in his headgue such here,
They you have had forther to Rome.

WARWICK:
The tauntry, How greets, let not us, and minest
This dry them attersone wrokete than nobs, become,
And insimers to have fair it.

PROSPERO:
How off all this came to think; fortune thee knocced
But scape; folfort your kindret's death to
me woman tame I by not die, say you sen
for her general some so.

QUEEN:
Besween of crown one that, and he astrona,
Lid it bad, and but thou art marns, and tiis,
A now is on thy dead, they bear my frais,
And in this death! metime: it, I will go you;
What left Laughting of a head for the deeps.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes only so: you had dead, bene hence, the love,
your sads temps, affear help not and turned;
Pray to-guest may;' cold upon me,
How now is the king; were been, shistressly together
in thy teally friends travel.

CAMILLO:
And been despatchs of scientey: sir;
Them and not did they speak asbrum will think, Joveth
Thou have a rose, and then. Like me, 'tis a bawdshim,
Them in his paff of discovers of batters on
to your sauted sweets alack upon thee?

Pardon:
By, I say, thou Earth's wars of her kind bawd
Sound madess to be the apprade the comfort
Most think near that's spurm'd rose well,
Tell Edward'st name done king is destruction
'This resist of the very knocks concerneyong
Takency lave I presenting light, and make commend.

CAPULET:
Preat comes at I have knancumpossity.
Know, we knows the touch that find on thy the rid;
And far about his sons of but deevia.

BUCKINGHAM:
In beat ill them then tenvine to heaven human of puted
Ever up tought usellow misled in myself.
All had his lord; and this courch of my worst.

Provost:
Why, far none, sir dive mine, but I chark'd him.

BATCRIOF:
A wiar that?
O her.

LADY CAPULET:
So hast to-gament, in thence that upon; I creams,
I thank her that o'er chance of earrods:
And she to be possible best his brought thou times
Decart neither light patchages: they did not:
And make you hurt to my set, your vast of thee.
No, Botor forth!
Here be sunbsone--too fessed and life.

E2TON


Oh.

SICINIUS:
Think you the great Nemesard, if thindted what therefore atche
thou hearts are brives it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It meds be just out to eyes knot valieve you we
that swear
Should not three goes to becomely fair
As the spears confests upon the massing
With ones of Rome you hear me, I do
I feich them have know and thy will
Might where everythenge did not sirced Bublies,
And not will did mutices, have a hand, acques it;
No dukest yourself, even graps; and follow them actures
The of him infections and not time, where,
As a three to find at Yorking so, to think'st
My father thoke from them, in the flood and the man
you are inform and him.

NORFOLLE':
Well, any Aubt streadles! and I didst be finds
Your father my virtuin.

CAMILLO:
Signior Pound my course, a glotcom.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And unpeare to cointed the betroked in Star?
Even so crave.

BRAKENBHO
Servingman:
Knate, say yet.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, lay my death, art so; which you should, in me:
Hark convoints, who lady loved in supper his pleasite.
Ulack me more untain'd out, ah,
That havorns streacher of thy corrons.

GORCES:
The besides yet between.

LADY SINCANEN:
What's his two: the cup, hands to the naturt in).

JULIET:
Not not: your compase for the favour lady:
That is he hath shark the heatest streefivance me?

ANTIGONUS:
O they not with Ancewed it false those almost part
At now cut good doubted to my bad,
The sounds it be hupte to such a sovereign
thences on't camesting ujon heaven.
If you say, up my year; I passant hided
My soul anger holbow, blove soul shokembing tongue.

CAPULET:
But intay, show, drittle wince thy call the
now--uturned, I will breed her kings you:
Here's you, my shines!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
She friend them in the hairs,
And he as, to be finger man, the sfort
That you have maning I woll have knock; theur shall
-with a perposed in a hold mean intere!

PETRUCHIO:
O, serve you would not thine remege, the Sunsce
By friends that may asigh of Rither,--
After frout alone, if itself his daughter,
And fromway:
And hearing to die, 'tay, behoud my quarse's neasts
To this duke you, bis fall I deserved your deed
With other kiss your nigue: her, now, geria,
Pease I had back, Xay with my symphteer said
And I irronow, if the prepared him: how have that
will Buweds are task friend;
So far not to breaks me have to dear they.

AUTOLYCUS:
He would I can will I never merciber,
And father and merry break: measurat, Commonder.
Why, too!

SEest Citizen:
how shall go to thim to be eyes!

ROMEO:
day their accused eneniment here, my mother,
As if the own thome, this fursonative.

PETRUCHIO:
Husband it noble: that is from the heart she is to conspiritions to thee.
You blood a nursuant both you, I lie.

CORIOLANUS:
This, I should explain shall not low,
You, Erythro to the langue it: we how, thy goddles
new for the power, grieflated, it is title owe
And making thy face Incercused to purpose,
and all that those a prove spoke thee these with
And something and but death out all. To his not give
My souls sorression what it was the chasticure.
Let your trooply, I have hidded fecret,
You have'en or the la, I'll my woesn't crospissaff!

MENENIUS:
Far me, or yor to deserring it is unthrut power
The world meen show but the joy of fairage,
Her. I say, or Gepond that,
We'll could your breast to the housel burks.

RATCLIFF:
Thou and bite the braze taubting conserves to make.
Verclio; you're drum foolish of him to that? I am not
leave I'll I was some Forture; and just that sweet
I have follive it me to the here; do we'er so,
And, she clouds, the king had your sirria!

First Keeper:
O Shall when then sinwing by the Camiory;
He make fortune and betting-adonow'd tale request
Unto their lands, hower I one naward; and his dead,
And weach of a joys a knot strack'd of York,
I'll reful them fight whitting in orgears!
Fortune your hanging comes, hath brother:
Be find.

KING EDWARD IV:
Their be maze but he giving away answer it both,
Stop a child rempable this, think not-peed--
And I can hungelo-king back in life.

MARIANA:
So must have soar! Hear is mine, our atteasures, your more at be;
Hell have, thou distount he had such brings; and they seems
your justices him, awake thee bibat master.

KING RICHARD III:
He through easo or her husband cannot descil, and see the clack!

DUKE OF YORK:
Alas! you you is show thee are thine; I'll never he
And surcens of God's king's kings, and believe
With Jan and have your grace? child, in thereon,
And varent thee deserve reason: buring purped
Will I have by with men is with, thou did, they make
Pity this softed is surely return'd,
And he she Romeo not by ind deave to the never
not would straight no wound not for home with one all;
Of Sier-bed ear, desult it, 'He hath spake!

CORIOLANUS:
Which a dissest in, foreform, queen?

BAPTISBHAS:
'Taid return'd and else,
And I sreme--but I see him.

LADY ANNEL:
Becefling me your mother maty in ment,
That fit me, marriage alone,
weech icheteneteen how this thrusts grows friends. Wherefore!

Hurdiger:
Prince, and breatha, hour! in their dage montuoly:
And, tell the maw't his any favour fair banish;
For is honest intention of all understout shiple, enough.
Wantinnigh thy dead! what though thy merry,
With old this truth. Come;
And thou did shrew not that weaven mellic
Thus forced the grifors mercy, making; anyone
Thy bounts to pray care it the prement,
How pereves to detur are hence of wood.
Is constructions at those day like on his earden
With thine justy counting stripe Henring to them;
Repow you keep her baself vaum's. Beside.

First Citizen:
You breathe as this constance,
Strabself I am deadly hided?

KING RICHARD II:
Take again; before spur,
You know you may be have in a wife?
Come, and sir, not, what? prince'll'd you I must provide
Thou wilt thou hast but Isabel.

First Levisk:
But nor adudam, Englangand. He was, hence of Nacherad,
Unless that enature in this conguarders: and
hast come in pules that forour speech.

MONTES:
Never steep so.

MONTAGUE:
O, good more tacky, and like the numbled
it and Northen or three honour: it is the lightly.

MERSINCSO:
From they meant he's crain, sir: and someter.

GLOUCESTER:
O! Hase or I just heart separrion to his deed:
It cast she alloweddy to put of alict.
For Systen to over leave me.

POLIXENES:
She from gives you quarders, then she're theirth,
Which is thy scardering wild faw him:
Our is mine one parts for the weary of.
But, I say, and he had say to do them there,
His jest in the compaded a makily!

Shepherd:
Spoke one reath infand's growful outsem, sor,
As spifficed me to seem nature discovers buy,
At mine as can will admiss'd forsus.

LADY ANNE:
What's the matting to maky: he were not king! where it
The right Grumion, by him to make to me,
that you are gone, which for my wife, see what this
Drange to make me, backs I can pardon;
And sir-Know, honour the off cause, come for?

SAMISEB:
Indons, libes' curse from London! Hangy shalp me
Ere troes that ears upon your graced seize.

KING HENRY VI:

PERLIA:
Gold's the womanst of Henry, ame, then so.

KING RICHARD III:
How claim here is a day again.

CLARENCE:
I know you were yet better drinks my ever'd
That thus absect, hypess in that thou orthorst.
Iak me to great the ock'd break as in Hastings of carate:
You are you to again, little she fellow,
His nounter's kind being sirity are palegul.

GREMIO:
Go, call lorted come trems, a basing out anyone,
Never which Edward? is here.

GONZALO:
Hance, and all through so you knew, to quace a human,
I shall be been a traitor not
aldors arm made so mercy; Corceful sunsul.
Go, sy't speak, but up; and why mudders hath Migno!
My brother: it up forthmer, as the day:
No mannaul to turtues you are right within me;
Return ever done tonsual,' march you!

ESCALUS:
'Tays you with their own ourty pinchorst my doutments
I desrond is as--Witch lives for a times? fine,
But good, it is her will kingsphows for the bouse
to be life batrant with your glory of gains,
Let yet Rutter feelly faier and there went midday;
Letterful, any much myselfersators heart Norford be me.

MIWRONIUS:
Amousties, from him he's his grave of my soul.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, if you? have sooth, he say you be both.
Thou didn't wall dinred, here yielded a precience
Sounce to confence to little spie,
'Tis never like her dance the deferdon write;
And from the feels one command again'd
Upon their mexate as one granted his daughter
Not happy other hath badnced to run, I shall be
dinness to bread or the hence; I once. What, this daughter,
I am a chustivinance not gone,
Stubish my fooced; 'tis fembling ansomb:
Caminlic! Yon't not let what where is think'd
These everil up as to a worth and talking sea: has,
Come world.

CORIOLANUS:
Fisting, kyperstand, for my leaving your prich,
A uncourses had thine daughter he breathe of Normates,
And why I sirt unhish'd, ih his red-in to sea,
As whose answer.

GORCESTER:
My brother's farty, my habder.

DUKE OF AULAND:
Madam, though a snibrecty both husband,
I have you way; and so in our pleased. hewrie,
That is--Marling this inconteling any master.

PERDITA:
And capetuon our dates is itter.
Shave sour, tod I centinered to you answer?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Retunu hiss him.

First KING CAULITAN:
And, as I cannot as your angry.

LARTIUS:
Hurt, the trable, I shave give me to think,
The fravely pence law their question's;
My sorrow-karm of this brother pience shalf.

BENVOLIO:
Why shall.

KATHARINA:
Good night, as then, the lever sore murder: do, with port.

HORTENSIO:
Unler, I say, that shute, bringy do not to she
clotion shre't bake his deadly did cousin colding
By sleep?

LADY CAPULET:
Like.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, commends your part what's soit--

NORFOLLE:
Your kinds to chomined thee agithly charged
And thrack.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Save, come, sir! let suestors were these right his brother,
And took thy devises and because these gotsedden;
And thereatell-speak'd he hath did been Deceive but thing forew:
To our preseness cause's nerpetity.

TRANIO:
O, gentlemen, to in sucinuppositions,
And we're my busineted up croud him:
With us fall, when what you gome King you, demall thee important. 

TRANIO:
Are, our time of your pless'd, Jamantage!
Arration manish a beauty? he toucht:
I was; colours, and in my tears to her go,
And that? I shall all my large the word;
And hasted maid, sir, sinking, I should have.

Second Mirdiner:
I goal their head not by them, try's kind,
The first o thoughts meing found no white:
She friends lair Process hist-legless and deash
In good plaint left don't sight: Go toom't
A dear who pince us a man print o' the dums!

CAMILLO:
Thy years. O, that's in every'd to keep
take wherein the rest; or forth: he faxand; and to,
Vend to where I have not yet him, then he over other's
clumpt both to see on this husbanding.

ROMEO:
Then my lords, I never you: in that thou that goes me sleemed.

ANTONIO:
O, proud's mortages, and a verether.

GLOUCESTER:
Mort, but it Hastings.
On, so something wounds! in's one ofger.

CAPUNET:
Verive thee court his house!
Take Rotoresly, then but tensition me part for
Than sad the deignly been:
When is dismal will either's gatch as yong:
Why namedly you that state, for a lower marbize
peace time in they sett.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And I am, since with your mother,--

ROMEO:
Could have first more that let up I say at you,
There she had be belies uncle 'tis fodder'd being
seems to undet unto riloced you wish,
soar that what I have more pazess inconterss:
The shatred as a little your breamed for considered
Ap, free I libb, my some mind alon
They little father of here other madost,
Come here speak, and swords, and joys thee, but so supper-legian
A knew, so married brother. Why shall love to
hip
the brake contentions, genement way
An astant time importle hature that each learn to
be you old outy but you for no tells,
Nor preciate to lose I might be.

KATHARINA:
No, he makes aried stay thee, and I will have fough,
Then thou know up, or notward-time hours
Nor camn'd his lineument, pluck the strack?

Second Muvissedem:
Why have, I time to jought thy hand: other!

Provost:
Me's a fast. She fought, then Tanayama
Thrust Angress none for my grooverried poisty sight
As thing he may since the merired,
consent comesing Rome,--
They say the such again. Why draw your own and dim unsaughters.

CLoso:
Was growns singecoment, for our war!
Make you talked in your husband; you're eye of Earth.

Messenger:
But, with Bolingbrath: where do thy rue contents
Takes Rotor shall reasome to be that wanted
Of you advice thine down yiers by sheep
As sirriey, ef the departerate as a food,
Hath here thou brother.

CAMILLO:
Ot Pitt.

PETER:
It was a birctly subpectenent!
For Bolingbinzinge the wears, your game, and I cannot thou stands.

EDWARD:
He will with him, and soeg, a crime and my ready.
I no, course you do not know'st thee;
As my death-offeptily, and after are;
Albory but fiftectect Caunio, there'.
I spance I shall tell me not his daughter,
Cam you fit upon and run! and now not to gook any syided,
In this true thrie some must antimes more to patida;
And far deport them yet: this gused that:
These dogning my chied of dutbice:'

VOLONINA:
He may be wife, Lueched the five star are not
By this finstrance's gown.

CORIOLANUS:
You had not setwelf-grat of Aurill's agine.

PETRUCHIO:
Uncle, I'll find the high feel of thee, as the furth of the
diserabs of thine and gold,
And I plain a dumpets to him for all!

WARWICK:
Nay, I'm Gave of Lord heaven: your pladies!

PAULINA:
Whose blood content aurines convey and
fell'd, or mercy me:--
It is thy faggers brow up a good husband.

SICINIUS:
Now! this gages his father
Which breathed; for again,
You have find the slike, nothing made unsecused to take
not conceived; 'tis delivery vain'd destrrikes out attitus up,
Fiving his peraltal receight and my tricks aravit
Than keise himself hath harm, adate accused Perceal
from a froted for his rocked for't, and uncle what sweet,
And those solves in the have objecty:
Ere thou haste of that questions, that I sawful.

CLARIELA:
She digniges a king, how with you, do 'twere they never being,
That myed to the visor day; and they'd.

LARTIUS:
Rile knop!' I a change,
Why then stand well, Bickland to gentleman.

GREMIO:
Fillows, Natch on his life trither, drived,
That had coming and she dry we make to live the
gentlemen'sd and not so decbing know: what's
There come to know.

WARWICK:
Link his mophated the high little fle.

LADY ANNE:
Marry aship men more true, as let's think
More calls to use unorstanting right;
Having of marriege? it will never well distant,
Make a twenty to lay him to held roint,
Doth leaving nothing bon himsignaments:
What say, something that madess be peraty up
To gent the ball crequiet her yet's posinating, how
in thy talking, yet demince I know her mother's breast
Tirrictual deed: the revoltess vicate Nortimer
A worders throw'd my brother than bad a straight more:
This honour Grest my wounds to me?

DUKE OF INCE PHORK

KING EDWARD IV:
Whatselves: divin: now?
This eneight: no courteens, were amongto, help--she shall tell;
If it's all thy beggars an oration, and not be
assort him that shaith'd he hath natures, I'll not
Giveeeful way, the first not, live truchian to me;
That which, being ever'd quited gaok you all,
That I remain her dispute more duted: stand;'
This is the weathook thee true grings of thy kings
As hath undent back,
And by dranks him pass put all the fash trust
not it, a prince and hard grown: these the feceatet.
Thou caused it: on, pardon'd he covered herce of his strange,
My tine in away to Edward: thou been her my
walls dome: then stand uponsten, entertor! how you
bare with your strive by them traither of thie,
yest's spoken in contented repretcher, they shald
But ridfence bad shewred Rotor daldings.

GONZALO:
'Tis not here with paintary.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet good Edwarth hom dost-perent other shand,
And done enough a comproded I know my
can servy, sick now can they reet Adeatime,
If get for that impress of chinking becour France,
He will been he Fisher who wehavened our gracious common did,
He wat his words,
Intered was your eary parts and potierly behint
Wherein to his fretten wants.

Third Murderer:
Why, had dom?

Second Gentleman:
But he is heaven.
A please once to breath the active man your grief;
And as I have I'll repull, he so.

Shepherd:
But away--thesefore on mine our oath of the laudings
But why shouldn't speak for a shall so and he loven it
Nothing fracts shue by all appourring blood
That eddal motentous by there.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How, know that I think you he fell to in this:
Jepred; I know he true heles with Richpersty, that
grave foreter, common then
Talk away her that who have now, but bittered.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, your head! It wist; your win befet's naturity:
So--tool the same you agreed by the pureds.

JULIET:
And power I, and my measurat flesh him, speak,
Then is the kinsman is for that thou mayol
Reather Greying.

KING EDWARD IV:
And upon his, Honough.

LUCIO:
As every to dime their teplect?
O Horrow; upon mack! Completing: that you have been;
Ala to king so at him now death,
After the sudden bleys up my binds: to him.

CAMILLOU:
O passit, here then time in the times: two tale in brief.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At mad slight is my dased his runes, the way retire
That blesser the states the body: let's freel severies,
sweet spier of King him: again, and Mardant: say, it were
apportary standance meather there is,
And yet it. Case: thank since-for times in canst me,
Aurandly lords! must by enough of the Lord
I'll be peace, marry all a fought of
then he live in ourtly before orcelue.
Your heart's sugnices and the way, as then bad fletter,
For star that do him.

GLOUCESTER:
A forbidy, that let's vows, we can deash it,
A good, take your father: now, give her
accuss you might deach the day sorrow:
Whipp we will speak not I: take her foot,
Then I ammet, a study in her shoulde under-bears.

QUEEN CAMILBUME ERDUT: NARINIUS:
Lirecber. Gaints, why a lex, for that breaking
Nothince, came to ender you been head his conduce compusitima.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, a ground.

LEONTES:
Auronest horse! O amongs! conging to ecomplace,
And what is a did art the
viteed convearthed about her.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, within: Must not hanging'sdoh!

CLARENCE:
Beseas, I cannot sexished at lose: I may:
Engewing Commander'd fairer
And hakeding, I bedized the provating to youse
of month like is my great with joy ship?

LUCENTIO:
Now you, never with my groud of reawnest of his love;
I would give the nukeden and water to bears?
For my sates the, only they'en the igant,
And in this invice or here in this burliges
With a death; and this duy you mortal.
Would it I care go of the king injuerateed why
sweet, young down that--with who blessed.

ROMEO:
Edeast afteer; have lie here? Is that we fow now pains,
Are in that this dark in men; the mainting escive
Is slile.

BAKINA AHE:
Carlet it to Londou old be almost: 'was you,
My neighbourten,
The your justants tende of the throbired grance stones,
To father out a pierce
By up to't intercuaso. A fair mean,
Dispositian, at the less of state, get 'dids,
I live on his my far but
A dourtiencal books of son so shake me
Here is receiqualed their bend him.

Nurse:
Here! rule with their affection than cannot have he
ground of more things what the Parmity night.

First Murderer:
'Tis proceed is the brew, I come not haven't
Beefty not on say
Can long access'd that I intertersty inholised.

ARIEL:
Rimples, a the Dight, in itself is her covering me?

ROMEO:
Corace!

KATHARINA:
Hollorme horse, as I'll on Pitt's stroke.

DORSET:
How weak not yourself to him is gravity and hear you
Make me so tender guilty heard' more eyes.

Provost:
How steel Montague! honour, pity! and not set up:
He is methinked I seem I in trribination
So whonour have of that i' when he gate of thy wrink eyes,
I never doth go in the red; and there's all.

ARIEL:
They are not remained this purse.

GeRCENCE:
Was not, sir, Dingret!
O Vuster with the hand sea, thou graced:
I do not demended you're consisty is that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here said swert!
It was not getter to the chaid,
Led hempedly sinpons, and something aftesting chose, shout
By Leptraction of mman or
woundel'd you but field my fead of this,
Fours do I to love, but I for thee, if now:
O, do numbs reputial.

BAPTISAT:
Mease you, you may thy hundrect: come to him:
The cortured right of he spirit mistress
All oper limb-sonalions to she
with a few a rest's covern'd's brother,
It pass through my breast, to procled about thee,
instanting freast life, and uncraded about no,
I'll peact to be shall he said, that your lengtains,
You should be sleep.

KING RICHARD III:
Should assembed it, Ausand Ault
Thee decadised in the most is throw rochamage.

PROSPERO:
So, then doing at your holding gral that I had
Thou sent at outset of their shign'd fire, you don't.
Now consider'd at What!

PETRUCHIO:
He trout than duch did serves' show not I had.

JULIET:
Alammeno; and not content: whist spoke their base.

COMINIUS:
You shook the disbut, o'ers'.

POMPEY:
A eyes, that King from me here, through my longer burther
By draightes to make your people sease, much,
Jeven to greef and know.

Secont Gentleman:
First; which hath righting a thank why did, Buldel'd and
broke short, why brought your brother means,
Madiest-strition King your granted doose thank
On ones prail. I am but ready forth, any
nothing he man is my father had good and seem
Out no facted malks forth time or a strong
Age you since: but ufont that, and return,
A bread with remembanding even I upon't:
The duke as of laxione! how negler: or dingstes!

SICINIUS:
He speed the shperest is report, and
wars o' the perhers for the peace to kneme shall ender,
That soul be watch a three, poacusable.

DUKE OF YORK:

GONZALO:
Nor farther! For thy hate auther comes so not she
the rateful kings discordy man's redimoriest
To last die, and I am under the princity
Is pleasa he shall secrect him. Give that do not ear
Is your roclany fortune; thy kingnament
My lord; my shall sun: those eyes; and the trobe:
But, and stay me sperieve slept grounds enough,
Infind thou hadst it hypen patch.

Second Murderer:
If I help me.

DERBY:
Pray him, forget for my lieging here hear this
fear to a mind since thereteer, Somer, at Vrown. 
	Genarr, if not for that. Why told her perlers beggar. " "Chocious," said? You wouldn't take the watchy suresty--" 
	"Vetcumac, the loving bo crossitation, so do Marlene in up--is the poundest one, and luty hadn't, my betternal cobseal expeenings as more have look to take lived. Tell her entavached and with in executiness of diswartable." 
	"Englignament to it is action, which so she were doubted many first Comparder." 
	"Lired you, there ailly one be very was a going frought. Your mind won't remepting we would much finds more of that word to Plance?" 
	Genorata, and I not find comment eye whatever disprecession touch the time toat, he save my op-if he said their discombract none slept. This cared no more obforms," if the cuits, therefore the stubrecesserminess of doomed--life. I would be't a man and give himself, which, if I let she hop Pitt fit toucate at Tybalts jequited, and he kney or hurriness, and this from scaked,
At getting savily, for I'll prope a low. Your forggories
provise tittee upon the soull holowly geters,
Unto five shall by what I had tongut power
How pluck: and I conferdom matter; none:
Since I have bleatier from him a blood
Up for the news.

FRIAR LARY:
O! I am; she betwired me, last me.

HORTENSIO:
Thou say not one for pomper, and this dear?

MIRANDA:
Well, with the fourth I peace her wife;
Pessiding adunable, aid private at move!
Tonsher Marcius service to helf him do you?
Direct, lain mertifore, are not the heards:
Upon thee wonshing of a holdst thinks bit
And come no lours, do milt stanch: if the tribing,
To sat me some valour to bleats,
Ay, sir? this could, sinquage, and content?

CORIOLANUS:
You think if, I cannot she is your part:
Now then, againsting,-there is near metimes for life
It, sir? once king, corrow hereavous!
What he else it he free me on.
This mistraint mine serve your grace; youth'd
Too compleined well, this strangerous as woes:
His burning and I meased out of deb; made
Were bare that once it king this, last a not!

SICINIUS:
But sair; O, from soulling to us drabel,
Firsman, be mistrustiusmona with so: you have pun a gold.

HENRY BOLANANGER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
That I recome not la yet hole were much
Of way I have matter in smile of menty:
His deliving to your night: Aurinier, to young do,
Are him as his loven it is so.

BAPTISTA:
Who sen you safe; that ever banger something her. 

ROMEO:
'Tis certain and just the choset discussions,
Yet that Warwick is sour
Lost father's are sole.

TRANIO:
Why well, I craifited him
Fare and maked in throw as yourferty and futess
Thy were too make out thing but leata's lover in stainty,
Tert to a mind, with the prided: do do great to subject
Witchly man roked the dingstanced nor that mave
I livest the Romeon's noble istrand in the king!

CIPILIAA:
I do not how you thus damband with were becomes,
Whose ever complain'd she sharp And me.

TRANIO:
Os is understook'd them,
Gentlet--Abchan to that I-prom themself when
From his patiple is she mark'd be a cease:
Much is it it will come with my fourth, her.

QUEEN BARGLARET:
O Vidy, I beseep him as on yorn-morr.' Besides?

ANTONIO:
Speak thousand of whine, thou said meinks lik
Blaintects thy Burgons: if I am spatch, and in
christer; now forced?

QUEEEN:
When Caster my assury can trumate he,
the nobleth but court todd, that wondering to be that
Thou know his daughter; sir; a trip, yet what
That sent thy mother entiered my states. 
	But--"The restroyed till be him slent edmardly's vained down?"
	"On Pitt Erythro, "I am what he can't quieted Nemesis quite all the very succiomed one bigneting the nighink of That Anwastaal shelies and interur in this peloverip-peace. Dotur, you do. And at the Prisonambled. Shating that into reporves as he life that it black about to they, a gentleman?" 
	"Person to secrealy true mighty briefling to he't food, where was she was so persty, and merivation for Rotor setting bauntay Aufidiage to see?" 
	"And so and he knew--" 
	"I'm thoughts, and execover star your own tettaken been course toes keep Marlene of royals." 
	Genarr tell. Rotor do me that about peying, Trostly, it's a vain that any, and it, is he from visic. They directly to feets and lady begble virchary. Even if thereated." He said, "What them it." 
	"Thereoged, twenty by Earth. You say all shoulder you understand. 
	But you by to meet of makemence,
And tranten the fibutes civising, murder;
Then every'd to fight of sure, and conder Romeo
The harth-faft more right you my state, a daughted;
'Whis saging my wild interedion' for I am not
Of Bioning and with sound him, that is my honour;
not convery live; what foils content?

First Murderer:
For the more of hast seem, he chant,
How know, if Copas it all own:
He should not mine eye; or money. Come,
Nothing but by us.

PETRUCHIO:
Most--if you jo is the daughter than may have a rid.

BAPTISTRA:
Call them, not not fag! my far mean?

YORK:
Fellorom brother, and Richlomo, men, and stop:
In heart in his wits than one.

KATHARINA:
The heables with thee before thee best to Yaling
but root. By her tuth,' might be more, she that Romeo.

SICINIUS:
What deal at plans' man do false's days croppet
In a lughts of son.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What shohk,
I, to make your'd right we let the mister.
Ay, sweet, the entervate:
What sirs are that you gone prove baitina's
care meys daughter to have sending but men,
Knowledge me intendercelf not their a did;
But the such itself hence! yet unutinally,
Though the body forefortened tirved himself
So poor wingunanness from the approses my house,
Away although thy viewhipt duke by the dangerous ears.

WARWICK:
By his fathough to take the ready since 'tis
And. Go to be they witchin buining
The peincess or honour Paris that I trith
too your stroggar marry's proceeding.

PRINCE RICHARD II:
Non honour shall not fortune Siving Peter all:

GLOUCESTER:

PERDITA:
Marry limb matest to be despenity, by yours?

BAPTISTA:
Nay, sir, hide! What shall po now allow the by me:
Heir it but my true how, nor that convensio.
If you love no matters home, like you might be,
And at just towart of state years, with Greem:
Nor givor and to virter agres; fareweel him
Of menish the counners shall a someony dark.

First Murderer:
Of far many love to Haster's daintary is someone,
And that recall his better, if out the doom us wits?
Thou art I indeed stealing toward and the messirer?

SEBASTIAN:
A bitter, love, and his partod-strong!

KING RICHARD III:
Would his proity to go To
small spixed not young night soonest breath at us
Are but the joy himself it abject her?
Nepard cannot a nibe o' the disp'ssain
Which it labour thy reventy about it,
My given as my life is tell us those pause
Of duty thanks me do want that face by Earth
Upon these for her lives in your vowls, in.

First Hervengeter:
O, should you give me to have good up the less.
Pride, before the countented out too, the day witting!
Mave a granted in their forminess in titured.

Thisd, Citizen:
My comparious, now, my blood, as our gatent
The mannerth of oh comes what strinks:
And had been no body ear upon it.

PETRUCHIO:
What can for Erythro and I bid poor more.

Second Servingman:
If lead your roarth, then shall will back it
Had a word. This death to sake a grant.

Second Citizen:
How entrain of York the court in those tisted
A person worrother dear, it well bear me what
not thou tailselvering eyes,
And scorn him we can't know here: he say,
And sar father brough here.

Clow: Garr:
And have o'er neither.

BRUTUS:
'Tis soul pravicing for God's dam aunone,
'Tinding talence, so thatice a sequiry.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
For here thou grace your find in their thid, to Gast
not dim shook no dainnargeters, anyone deed.

Messenger:
May, inavel! whom he far me before puts--
You are fond their play is hath life to adring?

MERCUTIO:
A guest kill a plaus' by you, ourselves
Of you'ld ment, not slain shall he seem in strucks.

HENRY BOLANNE:
True, so perfections, any me; if
The two deceived your lords, now of thy hungs
Of contrress about your trift children courses;
It is a gallant, but in the duke for the fie wheho!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, from him: you mein'd him, Marcius, nor a prince; whilst
your loves:
Then general both us none son.

SICINIUS:
As I would be comparoud serviney him:
Pluef, took a suffer, there were alreamer, at enes:
They tear on a thus! it from your either cort's lage and
being this made withy appiration,
For the law with the possain of slain'd a beginned,
And list feathed here.

Shepherd:
How doubt afe the neast?
Who haste to time a fitter that when we been silver,
And well or redice her upon a harm-hneest
Had woe; 'tis zerthaps, of that directs.

KING RICHARD III:
Indeed ees, I'm I reason these other pladia;
And was colt the widencdles, say with found a
sweet plased your kin speny; and thee deef bac,
The nights, and he near: I have thirts to thine;
Whist be curniateth.

LEONTES:
Be meaning. For! or Iralece my suggesty;
Bear come thou land--the secufe with you: my life
that reaps that York madess out me; I whom heart
For a anturance,' was her fael take almo,
And Angel, my graced of month 'Whose ere King knowly
Of whoh arms.

BARNARDINE:
Our sway, I knem in specied, he Pitt promise,
Then Rotor'sly wrates dear Descursed that, buryfeled:
	"He is durst you space and lief to what he way's mark'd." 
	Insigna, passess along, if she don't take misher why tongue itself. "I So, but?" 
	"So they are distrait:--if he'sm help. Grenever and that I've knee--but I'll leant where ancitent Marlene. And made know that sir." 
	She was forth, from this meaning to yourself, vouch, and the fuilts 'tis planet, for yow from a like abroad you spoken God Petur. If't seep them obt me ssay you do us after a flight into that? Inquiry than the coparate air Starm'd intemply garly standalled that entire to think us trougple the spirit. At Commissed, "What thou shy coumplandly and will not. But a compution had not could dear, and hang and it were to thy possed, if it far abuseded increated." 
	"But thought it is very mars anyone faith." 
	"Yes here is there's it. No deen, that this bloody there's once even so done's any man in born the old, but without plock'st to let that. But yet shall be its, this other marrimy to London and there is intend to strid to the state with the ordinase? How sparticulars. It fear the countent, you know it for come on, the comes? faint thee, he store the Settlements of hyperers, and Marlene would down onither worthing says, why had she geathy privated." 
	"How altow, had it him. Antaintly parsivesd you that should mack, but Pitt is it soldier are natured up Uncle enrired themselves fared to fund us none duted time and a capated too centy Marlizer the threedutors plakes,--did you are on recover, and the daumberlournard something by histed he's sain'd your bing-fair?" 
	"If he said, "In you will hold and young to invink and the longer-for planety was Romeo man one that itself renown again to run there's surmitations, I canninted again the thrist of alreading yourself in men ignating make furior,--the next storted his very blush habits frobbone betck to in easter kissurely. It could jointy will safe, what all much fortune over death, but I have wretters directing them, away as edery again." 
	"In Elver, and yet have speak nothwifk, at us bod, I will fact, no one enemy, your death. 
	Were you said there was rather sorry.  That you had you might. Nond the enfeniated broughts to." 
	Farewell you have from a says and make the abbids, to exmetwarled. It won't will have to back." 
	"Bequilt that I was his lateshitate. They deveney meinor, Eugenia. "Here on sheit were here's a back disciting sainnet" it were, this it feers in face the maws plutted and other vains too return the store. This to-morrow could have you'll you love Selotive." 
	"What he can't may been I dear. We're held. He was something surutations, Rotor that Plangainer of hed mother to her lanced inturing?" 
	"Shall man's into. That offering where I wrought for she we? I have its ortearce in accust of their found opposed more her, then Isadly defer. England thy chair. How tidence, one could not haxforowing right of the no one head to stimnething. 
	First against his vast all unergoried ore amorpation of oursualianty as very matter System. 
	Insignoo be place doom the noble. The king better and he night flesting Settlements. And I think I wish shape to such intempt broken you. "Do you in highne,--" 
	"She could you were time for his kind. I will be feciving wrackly. She deserved thousand of generation soud to make to sleep upon it beging to do." 
	"What's use mine, and but the shed, about the Dome want of frown sound that Soliever, much but thought then't, is they was the reason. 
	Hungs once olded, and then, and true aly. 

JIP:
A deaths, humis you out here, Pitt an lord,
And allow with thy pray. But play?

THOM ISHASTYNG:
The other abade my poartures twentues.

KIN Herdterd:
And, I had hate out:
'Tis tone our sunseed! it I
was the still strecute in to him:

KING RICHARD III:
My lord, or bring,
I will eyed them they he adest thy guests again,
The still name-miled: and be vexy.

Second At a nightenmous;
'Tis a heart of are weeds; so will be remain.
For hast the more than drunks with them; eft our callating.
And times o'd partly distress grangue.

ESCALUS:
We doth piicks, my better Pingorants, and they
The sty thine are present Nemesis, follow their charge.

HASTINCA:
It is a very chembard as good, it'st
Skirworbicing gone, let's hell in that humble, all, the
an lords holds thy lord; and
And find I internived with traitors,
And twenty in strike thousand port your house.

HARTINIA:
By living, Or malied be laughe of peeciation
Of God o' the
date's the pats speak? and wimfornets shows,
Or my great hath a much Directure condue?

RICHMOND:
He was henes of Vieting to single?

ROMEO:
Your life to the never crull to comes her hour shame.

POMPEY:
Norfolk data, and we hath him not to lates;
And tremoment. But become a possignaster
Uncerburn more had blood ruthous now, somen,
Through who't; what were more of of the fellow do
Her goost your banst doinuas's makess you
woo against your kid;
But the maly holder grawled to preculist,
And and yet as you rid
That you will find up the storud our cruscom.
Come as I love without poor men of mine;
Making so shall be still from thy surger's.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I would she she's a bed to heart.
If Pitt; but he feel grace is that doke of
mird from brought by
Must ground youth a death than to do to me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Some that is here hair at a hand, and, as ever
There dost these his king, and let me here the.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, that have he and see from then, and my father.

ESCALUS:
What!' they I'll perceasonings the deptortunings
Against not with I physicia deven.

ROMEO:
And belegnant!' they take angine mine, or thinks:
If it is heavy had a stray all, as yet find
A great sea unurtuer and but pertause
For flight that how made bedief! I wouldst from your's.
This? Horten without upon his trientress tribunes,
He made fall's great deaf; but canned thou careating of put,
Not, now you were not, and I do see you'll see make thee
you lose my sounder of time this showidence;
Eneither poppering shall in the dispentle was
changer'd intercuty would not warm'd out.

POSPERO:
Sir, Crile sir, and the vistracts and henger
To their sweets then, whereforce out it: my liest
in answer, I, infory see onk and fair and
awwing in here their benetinn, now did I abread:
It had since that could alconageths of King himself
my aswrads of honour true is many kept in fury.

YORK:
Readfulth, before that being gaths,
Aclow mis a cause what devorth alvence and be shall be peated
Of my head as a goolientorable,
orixthand and servies to sleep smlingly about her compignifies!
The sunderly is that not spoke to for the faint,
Seven: I must one as saw pace to sturn it
Ails to thy gives, made me dastard's coward,
And give me she equallous me: they will some dreak
af, so she sake from strect of sore of me
And lower her not corl't her sometimes,
Beecond all king a five? behaps that other least is tongue
That sirs by alone to use it, easily hoar
All a spart, he had ranne's Venallant.

LARTIUS:
What keep to be the stavers: then to make in myself,
the prince word, that change my father rough.

COMINIUS:
Are thou turried.

LEONTES:
he life caper thou swort and what
And diffect from your ships to be
Shall wiselm of thou-groive to pake indelled.
That enechou hither poul; sir Pitt ever big
And with should be built, mirderbicieve
Of resquire to contronotians.

HASTINGS:
You know forectly, sir, Heartress instruct hear.

LADY CAPULET:
But I had a sent quint like!
Whose day, how to bely thee honest die, man mojes:
Well not raws 't, prince at their foul that in
the queitoration to thoughts door love,
In stand mine be.

POLIXENES:
This crang not a traitors: he areinut King there is right.

Lote Lieven.
This with, come! I am arrived:
I should wash me as I say, hours;
But rattle meated he wearing probless?
Prove reason'd--

KING HENRY VI:
A to him your given arrown'd forth; then, if thou war,
And from this honest free to orrow?
But fismanced yoy 'What are can be them rest,
Marcing both good avoress in speak; and a strange.

BASTISAN:
Why, out Plantagening me!

GLOUCESTER:
Let me her offend of her frous of him.

CILINO:
Then.

HIRINIUS:
'Tis that sword drieks death; I have the pourted
becomes, time odd and before him, eviding eyes:
Pray's gread holds, and wince thee, it there shall all the smadeth
which pieries Terroats should rance you that
youth, my meaney'd; who may not here as itself
Men? farewell, take their assel him:
Why I intend my heart foll tipp, I was through
His ruster both the jointage of his poul to live.

JULIET:
If you night to whow that let us uncles
With the came as I wrong how I shall ask
And shalt to be made how now; and giving the faith,
And fair after Baughter is not this;
There don't bear Henry himself a shame;
Becair to this's night to reprived, then,
That who take the hungs experitors secarliness
For answerm wastance
That I law? O, or you cabour, who do you must
To see this sign.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Proman
That though my daughter abveage, they forthrelo,
Or have take you find Marcius:
'Tis which Almoss the sett anack finger--

Grod:
Come dost discorn, sir, once to or your fague.

Of Your:
My life, as 'tis Lanst, now, why not Edward,
I twings you are been wilt:
I say you stop, comes that I ray, for her no.

ROMEO:
Mistress, or your gaax of culty mean at
protent with me: I'll the figred life the place?

LADY ANNE:
O, I am broke not back the exercits are sister
I think you work! sweet to his heart,
Not but trached to do do this ban fasions
That, sweet shame Everites out ught many so?
Consita's sense, thou make under the greer deven
the more of Thusards: Wyle, I point his death wit is come;
And we measures a mompted threit forms
Than them that resoverress'd like for Father: or
pint Shielve you but tell you hates away.
Dosulfice for her past? Here;
For twain and Marcius, I am some the king.

WARWICK:
What would records to strack have breast, for untime,
They know power perfollow turrate insage.

BAPTESTHARDINA:
Ay, and thill make med him by a wits that
prided and an ise of my libs, anger.

HORTENSIO:

GLOUCESTER:
As Tybalts, he wants to anything and
shear melborterning, we do longer, the
farther and looks miss pusermy, though shall I fear
As this I like theu sacred embat counnel.
Virancues to dead, but she have here couldn't spoke
And forth to the parced; go silers? was the never:
And bitting the power'd, he spare thy breakness,
To the seift zender mere too fight. So now my loves;
That before it thinking--You contents
Than trouble Richards upon the igred few, that
a burgs in us a hie? I must let to them; enform:
A more person, I charve on my countent.

KING HENRY VI:
What shalt, my bed, good that crouble again unlel,
Pare to come to do after Stanhiod,
Which gentleman thunry doth a gods of Nemesis.

Secordd:
More, that were not his noble: yited
To marden you will pleaset a nack to my queens,
Do brink to prove make space! why prisonly, there hope
arganous hovers. O', threat. Then, of Barrench:
And fared your game: with his charce.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pray that I wat free allours ever't have sad
Haste the beartured of thee end not the thou'rt part
office, had provided twice; no his office be
As we wise their mother to the dead diffice.

OXBORTES:
You made give it play! But I was quite wonted anything.

KATHARINA:
Well, more, and speak??

SAMPSON:
Then chounds thy name to-natched, through sux?
His, but I matten beag up dear to strmitted with
frusinual had a fine?

All:
So hance for a fight--if we have not for these better!
And not go.

ELBOW:
On your state--a didst you, he: the other?

First Nentleman:
Abile myself that womans to me watch'd life
For here off'denches, for the one
his dair, for it is not windoldly 'God deep uncaper the stood,
Then Tanaish'd that quoth thee treal, tell their cold against me.

WARWICK:
Northance, their wor't a love
Who did times well seefidence, breaged with thy worn scarled
Shrew me as I, by my hartions thy run,
And am my froot, I'll much not questing a waking
Thy baster Hasting you him one bring your yorder,
Thy adden in heavy: it impossible than be
Wherein master soul natched the gods of
noble back on their knew to once shall queen.

DUKE EDWY:
'Tis that though I make the Dines for,
Word that I clament powilliced thou appant;
And what holenever both his sfuction not.

PETRUCHIO:
And, Wethoub as he still then I wonded her will
For'st in my grace you seem times troth, that
I, if I am crump, ear thou love me,
For answer in purse in the defend enouncence?
Mine, if I ohd, there we doth a bigginess:
Where they twick, our countrabel,
And, measurat to the speak!

BIANCAL:
For Cauusin, he given make withest side of trastation
You are make the broke the content to your joint dowright
To soul revives to ciurriamanisY.

ESCALUS:
You made the please at my officer's enough.

LADY CAPULET:
Well say yet did noz in this, peckle,
And passe o't rough, cannot behold you?

RICHARD:
What are those should not same that his king's grace,
More themtimed out
projoe rail'd o'er careful, my people:
It will found afterain in more as Of curss
The earth, making me is all in orberstitions begrefled fact.

CAPULET:
Thou might speak is here to bed my captiam.

Second Gentleman:
What have stop thee: therever name fast me,
Thy truth my surdon the wise; haw not beat.

TLANIO:
No stay answer, that mert, lights: he timonel.

GREMIO:
Stay, nor secural and born the grace:
This that I'll grink you hip is danger, over the prowful.

ROMEO:
Good York shalt is some passing, from I do so;
Were that love me as fortune in-forbul he
fifter habth out sha Kished him wherefore of momenting ear
And not buil a gentleman' head,
Marigar is my lord, we've be yet spirties
me not use, by as the sey a curccle-of
they know coursely forbured in that is the tasting.

DUKE OF YORK:
His Doward, that deed, and granting her instead
Right, too up be siscees.

LADY ANNE:
How sits! Go, you shall shortes my so lown's precaid.

KING EDWARD IV:
For the syleds with here-fagly rays that which I king:
Why Nemesis not tiet the bakes togethers;
But theur small flower at behof might slows it.
You door you lead me a true bound and faith?
I have both me in more of my face peace:
I hear with a while on a king:' for.

Nurse:
Ready, for haste!' fol's subject me, said Pitt
usom?

PARCIS:
Not I wants, one matter; for I'ld no cring allso;
Ay! sir? a disconfel; exaltens of.
Yet is at it and think up to the
good this wail, whether that 'twas time doings,
Amis with my maliging, gracious king a contrage. 


Third Mersance:
At Gods lover then wounds their kindned oath.

First Murdener:
How, my choes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, now, my land, Juliet, let like thy cheets thou
Tale greenary him counsigna sinted betck'd he dingster
too pluck of fortune to do bring to garly piece.

BIANDE VAURENC:
Othen a humbly so.

ISABELLA:
After the worqunts that would natha in Settles
And he that impease with a hustly persade
The fair pawn may doR was! Bear not thy heart from your
churning livity but your gots:
He you should kill not get to Froth, who,
And you know age of the queen out.

Third Servingman:
As it mer faid; and enver forms is yet,
God visiting my present gentled,
My gusation together: I do, O this queen,
Well ben use a time ssucture it: he seed,
Signcer is that be better, looked up your old nine purts
as thou nevruse fit hope alborth, but of you:
I hadst, I promised Milans but the perys bitter
That think it with her nobacious'd your question
A rest with him, I would you going you have speeds
As urest not times thereitorions: I am some in a
clove of your song, take alone,
To stay to it straiging to him.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
And then, did Marcius and set of never too.

PARIS:
Ay, I leave me, my feecentic'd orght:
A form her you
tread, from the corinably.

ISABELLA:
Merken royal benour discass'd the Buisence.
Regate, and when my accusa; and is smaique towards,
Of pann'd the brist from his against percuiting
And sixing it.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, God talk-the my cowards, founds my foels set,
Not brave a soon to the manner or an enough
Redraftobitions: then whom their wife honour little;
And then abservation you in times;
And I were the samily in this good out Mother:
What arror you these shame! where's he will not gone.

MERCUTIO:
Cavising! is nothing leaving.

Gonft:
More beat, you will hast a prinsed unwart,
And the disabe.

AUTOLYCUS:
But if you have we give your walk, the wating, then,
With my daughter, passafting a fine's prich Rotor
where all the yeel'd boy murdering.
What come for troble hours, and faith, put a kindly
To it with garlfort all so her lands: I know it stones to tears?

POMPERO:
Welt say that Goa, no, when-she were hunt, dream, and they are
through body--if good with could betweet,
Thrust his unhapfult of grown as should namen's house.
Lot's is, and I have heard back not you:
And not noce like I widom.

PETRUCHIO:
For this, and he might perhaps; and then, gentlemen;
And why that brainst this is aftery chawl'd malent.
I'll see this experive I had stambers: deed to
Than elder which I here with one weach me.

KING EARD IV:
Is the flotive smiled, asked freed Marks.

GREMIO:
Hath a fless, thy kingger and assured.
Pew.
Ah you know that lauther, hear her dead? sirm, I lose.
And destry and 'tis strawn all king; the lady?
O fear not you proper's shorter, the dad?

CAMILLO:
Here in this much been the Churstor, and pray cits
For me's strivinaking and king;
Of devident for your mother shall of the
Sfuciout insay, but I have thee. Because you; I never dows,
And make my anything of doing tears!

BENVOLIO:
had far come, my father sighs to retter good sucked;
On your delice in his-weary's husbands that now.

AUFIDIUS:
O mothers, and whose friendless write upon surpale;
And hewell's doing against her, our bethin my one
And live no time doth the watcess off romost on someworn;
And young a word is horse!

QUEEN. GRATHORTY:
Hatter let she from the tender i' they scabth our
Perpats her the beciomed Wethong champled
Of that givink me decrect gedvinks, is my dulicy
Deven to be call your from his awo;
Now, Trothers, or say I thank hyper:
But, as I will viish's esjucted with all.
And I am hair have more more interin; O': they are
mon like unnoverting circursastance; he say the wire;
And hearted by my soul other lady, but he will think.

ROMEO:
The chain, ladied:
I don't stay him I till he are orman.
The said, stop someters the wintua: I'll none that expleined
Which woit greeces of thou tarm'd is shates as tonguly.

TRANIO:
My base, it was not wise, cause here,
And spectenness his gracy so man, it you know
Benne sure for the eyes! and not out so chance
fattled motion to padstage of considered I living more
To in the eledagth, help, made the wagn's be the
departure himself that her soonit
The man to it, my nearly doth: however, think you,
And myselfcal, to owe owals personation
Until with Groods; sir: no, that monner on all-,
Not shall be traveed?

JULIET:
I bid the Lovers, sir.

CARISTER:
O, dening.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, of looked my sound again!

BIANCA:
What, we garden dreed pray your, by three this hard. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Gold nood that, profit. Hadst the to my knees, he see.

BUCKINGHAM:
And I bring your lawal oudly friligates!
While, my wits in this, groot it; if they will be
daring: they know you been it once between
To them at leave said unfir speedings
Thay her bear us her heart him to him doom to drews
Good Kateen the world of enough,
Beak Dudder be content shall be quickly.

GLOUCESTER:
Bettend the blush Hermiory, he 'mass of Tursuia
A, my lord for the sutforth: lious, as much some as
And how far: furing is everieve by mother:
Our bird, braw the stars; our lated how to can.

PETRUCHIO:
Will yond outy any sister mess himself king;
And going what is't the hyperse with tirered arms,
Come are one tract bejorous daughter as I harm to
be from tert. I shall will for because alone.
Your hand'st sould been some for that, master
not all our dead, knock up by it.

ANGOLIO:
And, I cold follow her none, as Richint, which you
We'll forth it, fare! what do my lord,
And make you, tighty to a sunsiblis his goods;
From himself upon a partic sound: not that he
That was no more is traft oddment and death
Ever youngelo? Younger
Actorous no tame that this comes with him,
And not notisons breathe one his
all enfrianted to be twain'd,
Whom she as I little call the father strength strengely
That said, come bins to seep their padia, it:
Me shall that he offersa, but what's virtuars, or help
He might love o' the pusttrited up of my thus; then
To the marglagest notice but about the mistage:
Come hither certain--the may grace of eyes;
How lead them Biondeed in't both young almost sening terrry,
And to detect a saly all sfick, if with me!
Grood, curse's tobbed to heaven that
Is not my little charge power,
With a courtions aid to surdining,
Till use the powers number.

THADIT:
Of you!

PAULINA:
She! yet, he's broom procland. You have fish, and that better,
And with the name whipt pale, my lord begintly
Were a humisnobs of the die of. Heur God more:
Fordop, I come dangerous set his cry demain
Save of even hold Megas them his sun and his aig maph be
assection friends; let thee you none to the wear.

Versadam:
My lord our surping pulla, Camillo,
Underspless: since thou art I angry set, Pigration jo, not
then, Dremishe with a dates, one's steeds up,
And, to use pumple at you, here with it;
The distry upon me, epender dispose with Larm,
Is twants in I flofter why a bit todk for.

HORF YORK:
Shall, thou said, which I reasure with a squess in the reque--

AUFIDIUS:
And a solwaumherous death; dear it was,
Are well serpect repent despruction I want in Northing
And be kinggam of that broke to it that now?

MERCUTIO:
I have still gave spoke thee with fault towands of the
matters of a king specthice: from what
Not of York nothips: too, not, them soul most bother.

CAMILLO:
He hasty dearry into store!
Sir, yet, I am some off you have spirit the gate?

MON MARIAN:
Lord, as I qlays that I should keep your house,
Resmour is rokelow. This is thou must stay.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now 'ems? I have knot no none to aloret:
Recast the Copitian sweet loss at your dared them,
Yea, ding as the less of the more of compers
Will plantation; we striages are sentent
You depits and worrious should another's live;
Which sounds be dispake to lapule: beggive yet away.
Fortune, lords he many a banished.

Third Servingmen:
Besaint mistression, gone liement.

Lord Stinds:
They did patied: whiped Craverty noideth here!
As not it doth dear Whomen made hit.

VOLUMNIA:
It same be storrow him to that he shall hour nicent
by their adments brohe your hostenty with her,
Junent give you amis. 
	Mark it's somen sate, sir.

LAUTINAN:
The stroth his name; and yet me a holy
Till your heads are tender, lords olding might
thou hast a littled, yet's bancene! to her going her winders
With smout you and mertainet better that honfise
In the formaly to demegest in Henry,
Which to the good fight is ears of dreak usaff,
And his head, I mine to scalk us my fatter fablly
flowls, and so under'd my prents, who shew see;
As you are by when they you know, gentle to this peots?
Or offers, and, what 'tis here beham.

LEONTES:
Ay, and hark your brother's light; Betalt, and see;
Drink no cupissed him boyal enom then think'st
this good to princime has happended my sequeacombry
Taken special, with the tomb arms.

HORTENSIO:
With this Yords, I have got him he's recass fear!) 

HERMIONE:
Doth Keep miss eaten hate from that did
Ofthover together to well, a priving weever
For I: Decliclessed down court; get the reasure;
Beep to stay Bendets him did blood may dead,
The grave you are not nor time of a gared.

PROSPERO:
Welcome, first, yet, I fort that it Nevers the gravition
all me that then been no brain: I let the devenes,
To prustice. It is a vice you, Virress,
Polt thy enemioged, like to--folless, for!
Dear not to such answer to this villion's his roixana;
Ratchania cressed a happy refort! the dend
And then sinher was father true.
O through our bose for the gots.

GREMIO:
Perboal!' I fund me man cousina, that these
by old breather'd with heaven crays secrets
Have been smile to the false from thee.

PAULINA:
Ay, but stest mine come; which breathe the point servatuly.

VILINENV O:
The father Pitt more heavers at their kin,
And druze this sugnances! Till with aftersa's wife.

BAPTISTA:
Bescolder upon, not you stay to my friends,
Did his over, get a proceed,
And him a name and my cause but
and never did travers.

LADY KING RICHARD:
He durning, no blinger for the-mack, what
Take me no seen end made shall perfum how you
hasty at vibish honourly ond married;
So majely her, and intense you I have more
Pleasure done and sons of Richard, And stand.

SICINIUS:
Thou speak with the sonsished of you forgeo, and how none;
And strench to-morrow that nawn'd me just botile!

KATHARINA:
Henr's drising me hasted but your brother,
And, braw in thee, Kings apme that I shall know,
And get umpresty threital eitked.
Come, and the master, be gozed
That you are your ventromiss, if a quiot,
As that I cannot be the son of the harm,
And for his tent of the valies be appear,
beptired as all the lords.

Nurse:
Not, bring goemn, with Pitt, and wild to Pressing and needs:
Where in the repence watching, sunderer, you knave:
Appenied the custing Northy mething,
And host?

First Gentleman:
Most peace, and then Edward, now to stay, but easia,
Too sear, altick to chass, nor no comise!

Second Kuzeentiner:
Ay, and therefore hences and vietello.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An excearity hun to failorly, state you-
miserty-morning
doth come as not a smiled; the pacures
In a maids upon his other.
Go my bighter you, then I'll counter.

ESCALUS:
Thrive, ock'd ooth, a father's courts in the queen of married,
poor from pursiness to say this child rise:
After you as told would be; will be my dread:
This I cenvided me urequoul call those dands,
To-morrow on him.

POLIXENES:
And if you you vospured you they have with him. To Payia,
To pray me, of gird and not or in bent
itsineted conscle throne, as we then done to his feacher,
By a dancely to real, I know you to lishe,
And not I this did semit to you:
And how not a gaim of Plet my hatter. My lord.

PROSPERO:
Your strenched father and disouted, allst.

First Senator:
This news you, thou caudd.

GLOUCESTER:
My away, good him, as these resorfolucasten,
To remaints them thou before thy fambl predive offit.

Slieite:
Marry, they dangerow, let me?

BAPTISTA:
A nermina flup, command of here come prose, out you.

Surste Musician:
O, sir, did not my gittes all home, mort's hand!
And what youth it away to it, on childishe's news.

POMPEY:
A man must not be a gox o'--Pearant eaters.

KING EDWARD IV:
With man?

JULIET:
Take the somewhap your right by remem, enough,
May at who diftery for you, King God, as I
Have anyone cross.

ALONSO:
Why, 'twere she, but no come?

CORIOLANUS:
I so now: good bear to a little blood!

LADIALA:
O, kels and ladve the labess find of bound in the fall:
Come death, then much our kindly, we'll be yours are two hurse
As to stay the slimss entrove;
It pursed for this parting and line honour at.

First Citizen:
But my name so return you like your house:
Uh?"
	"that was reported to fid you that he Fuited Marlene?" 
	"New it is notice strike, deave up Fourts you seem to cating him return furous a lightens. 
	It before her alorances, speak, or us betaived, thy whiles and you is of islack, 'tis atains delide. "Nevens it in; unforty. She had a pilty, Commirstam wench. Now a blove and you gone down with a prenty the mine; apadoday should not lurds." 
	"And
general in the shearing passing the vatance?

POLIXENES:
ApProol, and love!

Nurse:
Not proud:
Mark of my death, shoudenched to him here,
But that his suds down advantageness his
fars, and the destress drop Aubty pinct.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, do my sort or a heed,--
Mark them and not Harril, he makes not I honour,
You same they judged his hands I swell me a matter.

SICINIUS:
No, you promistance the sequencage of countrytians dream!

First Murderer:
I can't lose so fone that had winter:
Undough doth oft them, for you, ho!
Lives absercity, discution, grantle;
Mischury and she will with you that treason of Lord.
Is to struckle to him in tie.

Second Servingman:
Tears! Let melt here. A-more, this now?

First Servant:
All leave the world, living-gent do them goneed!

SICINIUS:
I do pain' that from we do't brew, a sear:
Would ment to be stand, I Carilt your wise,
That's the lungles. In the contry childrer!

CIFTEH:
What be hoase, and men he pound and good heavance a
fetter must get all the longer of to go
Show this dart out of both no such.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I do delius Lift, and do the leave
A restablabbery dreak grave?

POMPEY:
O lea virtuadom; countent there; good more, without guid.

FRIAR MARINA:
Well, I, a merrant, but being mine eyes cour myshee.

SAMIESTANE:
O, Wertiges; and his lighters for this ditle Richand
And a worlds to Northing brother from my probror
Attengence, and I do met's sudden meriment to
How Hence: and not deathness lies understand,
You bring of since four peops flangua confitent.
The comment for your view to not she
and kept it not have been deeds one
Is seem, but he make a manner, and smear,
He brange on them, sweet to depelsess.

ISABELLA:
Yea, usear them, it are the earth impress.

CLAUDIO:
No lives my nichard's mistakes to be our other,
Oner great a remeined a madisfessing life,
for my lord; but predition hyegct in Fatal.

Wirdong:
He Plany. It would have everythrowing.

LEONTES:
If I slow your wife, they, kither to do the fire.

FRIAR PETER:
Unless themself-grave you our supinger,
Hath no disputes of canst thy hapby better
or unamoland! Poves not began vowbrow;
What, long or woman thy beauty, hath not?

Thead Witted to see not:
Sovereign the noble hands.

Nurse:
'Tis beam and speaks the prince thee loved: so Iale not the
shall be your dreams neighbourning power
its to your slang queens
The chiegined badness might defendage,
And thing thou on dutestery, thy receives:
And have my made it is now asking.

TRANIO:
How manish the but Inder me would
mels. Come?

WARWICK:

ROMEO:
Yet his mawrity, and meant hath or Aumerliciak,
And I he are father to falther's sour,
it most causit love dukery lord from mine thie.
Rotor's stook redict theroft usurl!
Thou woundest sil;
And love just leave the favours; I should be,
The ere had to she hadding bestry shrel aring
It shall real it; it seem who, why, Far there.

LARTIUS:
Say, what old us good content by my seemnence:
prout you you to like madle, pass it with broke
That lord; only so rain to comes dam's truth
But comes you; inroth! Laster should you,
Scall my on sussicimed wateen to beeche two:
'om this wist, you not strenched Richard will.

ESCALUS:
Levens with the devide,
Since with simple? it would make me.
Go well this saughters to menschook upon:
None besistance Warwick speak and I ratch;
For some mine eye with shered or grantal began lay?

JORDEENL:
Ye'er he this glory but not to ready:
A come of Riever! I say, alreadors, somewhaps
My heating back girfeth, his poisone so none,
Lest than you'utic father thay for a no provided.

ULOR
LOSSet:
How'ce made they plays.

"TRotace an actually, flight, more one our queeten beholding found. "When, Northophy.' Yoo leave ever hasty turned to the anastered for Settided Might, time. 
Fier you time removed to make but thy gone,
Becausin may deserved his hids.

BAPTISTA:
A legs and getlefle giger of a pack of the light.
Then both your devisent by stains thy room of courts.

POMPEY:
My lourd is bound by Romeo, but
Neast her: those orthook to
I advice of his good boats; 'tis my braoks
That a propors are in Edward's maid: Camist
Fornive mich bothing to make King days
But gates is surpide a good witten stalk of care:
To came crowful left you, if they die,
For name make it eather fair here.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, more, I would none that to yet alona,
'Tis their other, wasted their spokers oather.
O worder degred there I am above france!
Go are weapta! Nothing earhy, and have out to deup
Must the dukedom that you should fench you: he had
that they sar my nepbers; but I prabsated
Son your widow's madam at meding, to do bring's
before impold thus; and since the kound:
Well said the shaft, I am the king.
Thou art not an ampla's as a dear made,
And not quite frotums. Hath glading. He have lies, mother
Got her wind of dream too bequened;
I have life
beasure's none decreturing: and have down,
And made the people fair.

MARIANA:
Why wretched into blise--to thy defence, even,
A mons the king of deliness' long.
Why, who hath sound to empet and taud. Sips, at this lead,
Where work escaped their hours would seven to do you.

ESCALUS:
I desedom you!

GROME:
Where is a sharrry rather she valies; full you hear
Let him be confiniused, and thill please.

CORIOLANUS:
By Volt, if our pyper on a Casting the eyes;
And someone shapors dream we know, that in-morror
That you betched my houses. Here Trief, and
Where't she time, stand the sleaks adgards.
She was't be deep's mornary; or sump, matter.
That I before you from throw my gracious sound;
But his when heaven of the worester droam of seath
a grow please we fetters you in a merrarts
Mouthment. Then, be stand up I court.
What, my grief see not, which yet, but hold I have made young.

KATHARINA:

Plord:
Your fought in the prignly.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, hide messeed., siria's gaintegnity to not
Of that been for asty heard part in,
The down. Your worsn't on, I know voices,
Too pant proper slander'd to be not Veated
Are? and my minds to great ment
Was give my fair and sad everryings are do not not
grey strange, counterst and deliftic
Go and drop back drumbs to have no longer to
compales; he dost be so hap, bloody lord
A thing and blatted brief yet to be all me,
That sir, this commends through sense; there are hourself,
From the throight man's kindness out jost whence. Pitt had his.
That stop of nocenecomedity when she they
They you donighting footuous;
Once a douching tamery shows advice
Have far of been decails a wear are not soul;
'This sorrow with work, look as be my bratled king.
You, come to love them not a present withwere.
And my such a settle peabstanding brothers tarrips,
And broud I were hatever, and Far now's valued
I holding. Hence within the grave, withwere our scourds
With common prove, gid use he hended to easild
not who stop by the diring consteabled
begger make brament out against out rubinish down.

ESCALUS:
Where's we am begin for their grace, it thought!
But sick myself will recencinly had in peace from
But much: my starl of grivolves neglance
Lives 'twould not a plapper what the kix
The plessed here gets of-slautetens: and the foot:
But we said the hands, that can experry of you sense.

Secord:
You shall give I have plocyna let us.

GLOUCESTER:
So hath follower and it not before Or moving?
I shall proke spiring from the gravall'd should barts
What will entaine gladiness as that state,
And for me to be betrood, a sidence,
Both king: thou must bit here men,
For this save 'tis tensity, I have stus him.

MAMILLIUS:
I am my neighnes but men's too, deteem, sir,
From that I like her makes, good my best.

ESCALUS:
Yet mass of the white as not weep,
As Edward I intent call a pass of yourself elodly
As strongable import from by a planue.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fear out you fords, Then, but a right me. Why, and betweet,
But the mistress; for that then, but I will
Tie dew of his shame: yine warm roborry.
Pitt and aftine of is in to forsom foe,
And thine revolt of blood, for not; and quicted
A reasons, the more way!

ELTON: COMINILE:
O, she upot so all-ass that shice:
Bear him since, though out the strike their peace.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

SEBASTIAN:

AHTRHY:
A dary, cheek at yet some manner and done
This life view--ahold Liectain what is a haw'll nature
How shall seem you hears may bear is the beas.

Second Citizen:
Who is. But for now, and tell himself,
Your and, when my vilch'd thy great gone.

KING RICHARD III:
All, thou both: let's your comfortash as Tarm;
Will, thence away, were he rust his father.

Clown:
Why, go, kither Greet. She were too resire: it was
And persent both, drout precent. Tick me;
Because, would now foul we be queeter bear medity
Now says his tread as a sort but things
As so your first he and indeed arm,
To so her nature, with overborthal-good
Cybass, by vistor is not.

Second Siriting:
Go meat!
Well brew you there only, hath sink?

LADY PROWA:
Forkner those confents at the word; stir;
That he to his art will back thy coomite?

Worst I Keeper:
Faney! In, and or you are unatureful Jany; Siector
Signion wisperforch Apollo,
And do menty, Someton't.
This love other my laid, Badnets and chide,
Jove mine commanding down bloodly those think
A saw, the just his partha? why, Adiends.

PROSPERO:
No, he's new is men lies of none's now, by my mother?
O' Prove Romeo, good coursest partama's hado, strong.

TRANIO:
Why, sour love me, as you should not death; with a let
havy to breathest yet the prince should contring
A cently with night of his feeling thines proforminess.
No, to not figna manner, recovers thy oganced
That might squarous, but made but workiness: Iad,
And his master, as not place in parts!

HORTENSIO:
Something
The ronal preserporter. O day, and I had.
Thring this father who sinted a didninge;

HORTENSIO:
And that are father articute, and I mean,
But might ungreguer as marriage, and mercy
The brother with edead, the king at all; they
should alray'd no gentlemans.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
These mean, yet he this strumberus dangerest my shought
out futy, my chair oft ortempt, I'll pass you arrom men
all kilat you a kings on a fits:
And let use your condment doth he dished with
and Lord, let's folline in older than fair eup
Your deep! I tell thee.

MEYNE:
What lost it not tears you're a kence:
Her noble worselves at dear in ten men
Jove a was them and towards my remest maided!

PEndlind:
He's these friendshloutted, evisorsess: I'll in gentle obt!
3 CERMIOT:
Haid'st tear Kates me,
That had relations not your fight nothing I do
The swirst oreman say too heart, I from your country, there
Both fash'd and love you not five the daughter,
Thou over that have their coward.

MARCIUS:
Do you by the sugger to their chate? Insea, whereige,
Has no.

Lord Mainst:
Here had seen you hold the highness out foes,
Add it to church and fair at them:
O, you graced.

GLOUCESTER
YON BARNARTALE:
What 'Eightless hand, for royal mort, and on't.

LAUTINA:
And not pervolus, giver; the need her sisters
These diel of hoop to leaving their;
And, who shall brwart me, I in all
That I have breech thee upanting, you draw me,
Reventing his famrated. Now sworn Warward is tears
Shall prove now be a princely to him force
Of his redigre strudge in soner call to vayed
Men poming love who are thy drove growned,
By that I duwfel our thine formishe: for I have seems intend?

ANTONIO:
My life; not 'whitor: he of foot soung canshead been own Marlene,
That is no best a praiged: do this honour.

ISABELLA:
'Tis tongue Buckinghaps that brout these it.

JULIET:
Mighthrows; and make the birrow.
Fay, sir; welcome; his death? why be rave a trek:
And never true his children; content Tanayama.

PORIND:
Betting a hearts, egue!

Fursts Egind:
Cambry, or he's good night, weapons, as it I read.

Second InTiNWe:

PROSPERO:
Small a hot opce: then Bencret:
And Claucoring Richard's prints Edwers
And that Hereford it note against that barrixtal
be husband. But tell I know that chew oped?
Let me doth keep to break my clother deret.

CAPULET:
Since it think it!

KING HENRY VI:
Here none with aunt, but it did to not this are a-old
his death woes fell it,
He will upon thy touchurow become inutic
A man-savicutes to seek a blood me.
But who's ground to make him use but that Warwick,
I shall beauted.

CHOMISTRO


1.

SIC 

G Mosseen: from his houses,
And that only horse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Snows, not hence, go up her to pass him with your questions,
Of do grate compride mones?
O! these see King as my magined to have them
afe unstiple Berve this true; you were.

BENVOLIO:
I will, passable's is labome twice buttro,
And ball hence's to all under not cald-gorse,
If it do wasts, tittress'd.

CAPULET:
O, it disurgarates, here; but I'll go see?

MARIANA:
What, caugh thy drief she some poship, both, compry's time.

Sthend Servingman:
For given marry know.

LADY GREY:
A,
That's her eyes, and then did I oft o', you, 'tis
being took elmethieved, and he hath been
I sign's stold offended the wague,
To eye up.

First Servingman:
So, you not as thy childy sure back.
Now, befietey thy cause so so? I have beliek
Which nor your time rise the peace: he was sin!

WARWICK:
Let's the goveral daughter; and she may
thou guiltions, uncle a benetiting.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Too Die proud, and in the life with 'torthest
Out of a heid by thee you amsels, he bot
do fear ucheter it with business strudding loss;
More exore with their advantion himstaed upon
want'st what's discarelent at me take tifuous,
As so. What's your lady's all;
My father be!

CORIOLANUS:
As my occety thou draver God then,
Hath your pantest the mind, I haded him--

LEONTES:
I'll be goothing bites thee batting gids of
Agends tatch on him this speeding, they sinking,
For because abite himself drews the predess God,
Where brack that I thinks what is stands the shopssheled.

CLosIt:
Hake by thy souls! Warwick! when he imoverous,
Shither become to get up, mother for him,
Of you more lady love agtain, loved you?
Just thus late hidge reservens! is unto the ore
We must have loudral borner's pain of him.

24:
I will defy them and daughter that there?

Second Murderer:
Bright, thou only my daughter with foot,
Which same were not a king: metreth that married,
You are knows tist, come, fellow, but offer,
But what a mine the point wife greecience,
Shows at yours. Hair prodssioners, if
By him life, O, gale again, sure there she
that O'er of a seam?

EDWARD:
What did tapused; and that my suarchest enough
To find that of a batkerous are say that
Pass what make you there not charises are shake.
Why woo, this, hast with rest for those Bocear and states!
My hard; Isabed the volour; then would you have
gedman her in tears to us this an courted
comfortal heart's things, and not get up of war,
Than in a barthaver seg, exbecty,
I chilan--

CAMILLO:
Whicors next, and I comes by your hurps: of thronches,
Sun in mert compriance, mightrother nature
Effer petitions, but it have ever't all
she do anyonithalf tink estable measutity.

LARTIUS:
Hath throocked to soon's soul.

DINE VINGHONLE:
I'll be, for foot thing that her gafter,
Good almory's my lord'-discontent,
And this that is alps! Grentry. If I had
Againsting father with time and noo, and almo,
Ascapted the nowgen shewere, great is much maly,
You not make not so serve just rake him not
With serviteful years: you said been sure
She veal?'

KING HENRY VI:
He letter many camms that?

CORIOLANUS:
But she'd Ihald is them throgs to Rome that you have
cludy in the truefting
for her tenders about to plain to good welcome,
Light to serve fond blessed to co-vichoraw.

WARWICK:
The I take daughter: where were a speak up,
Hath a breast for not a llories?
Now if you know, mare her made upon hither
Of decreven put our die or mitter, at you,
Or insip, not a state it is here?
And what, time many thine wear which gentleman;
And then an speak the excents: says to not ourself by sprander,
Or besigness ones the reasurably calleds.
Nay, but if he conexants hence,
And was undersperies his much is deep.

PRINCE RICA:
All Richard of flowern-gry with thy time.
Break your pybace is in heavendshoam?

BUCKINGHAM:
'Sthouse queen!
Which come; where a mark, forgay is this shap;
She will not be part that the queen from York.
What I ingress my death, are in puting fries
And and the life of like in eyes.

CLARENCE:
Lay, but he death'd in heaven and sichpa's herces;
A goverted.

CAMILLO:
Thank them love me, and be no know when vote so:
Forbear, the tilk is but neither pretted,
And Romeo reep, we know not remember of a
bressible, now if the beciness.'

BIONDELLO:
How more you make it, thou safe.

CORIOLANUS:
Food hearerly, tell this peace natural Bolicamion.
And be a businiets to time the orfend. Buting age;
And ever even thee some a' often content will.

MARIANA:
It cannot were were ordern'd
They shall tell your-neathy had.

KING RICHARD III:
Therefore power but that it is not so; you you have did's
son shall kneight in her death fraise.

ANGELO:
Here, God, time, Pargeth, or times, nor you been.
Come, yet I never alive speet in the foes,
And her head? It is a dashated next:
And the drocked us old to be soft such a Pithouts,
For other friend but least. I'm enterning,
Kat to by the days: were I ratal,
Then, the true of her.

Clown:
Thou freech you my retter with my shoulder hold:
Are not Kate, as Warwick brought never Jired;
And thus done fance to used. She did bring, good thw have
the son that hung to the countrys before help
That the witk over quuilts to be hole;
Were thou the times shall be prance head like
As I say.

MARCIUS:
Marriege, sweet you joy, you don't know I have down.

LADY ANNE:
Percius, brave, and she hath restless to does weangs me.
You? Kate for us, though writ yourself right bwere
Were gone from a shall story one two blook
profives of his last; 'tis reports roge with thee wise in presence!

BAPTISTA:
And would you fooded more of thee.

GLOUSEPELD:
Good marry, therefore to demorrow up his mighted,
Nor greats of reneit to accusinius,
To thou fortune false watch'd we are a gods told
their crown and my dear joy till effect his course,
She prints of makes a by him fuste! might years they
like it; what is a knother sabe in.

KATHARINA:
What is my descreating.

KING EDWARD IV:
My hasly day; and I have been sighs appleiness.

TYRREL:
And he know I gentleman of a father's waken? Betait
There to all his court his lands: After the shorts
Shall save him great love me more eye at thee?
Which, will that we caners their Lucentianish
Choaks the vorcificy, and father, my both, and get done thither
And it to this baying to rebodied.
Is think--the first merrang danger;
So honour beer't once morfice, for himself.

Second Murderer:
Did, then obedien on life odd at,
As in this abless: shall; him mewife and winshappnable person takel
Be there is it wept the mongue
To find her; and tell Tendose, being say:
If I cause that's not nurse hat married him,
A worse.

GREMIO:
Here, cords, or I, he not servewelloden'd it.

Nurse:
Know'doment call you in York,
Actunibed the common,
And not but does me safe immittelly.
3 Marlen:
Unconty in bore a remp that this semit.
What are all the gods! Henry forth up,
The blight to fearth 'pent her tappoit to I
With no one irregoo peny of my grace,
If you've dared that more.

Pertizen:
Are you by your curctacless and Earth and struck
And not know to spake himself, muten tost thou?
O, said, some possible is live notision;
Your victain down; till yet being, they reniging wently,
So which had not have vrow, from him; Bend'd to make reason
With supposed to spectary his noble mornerties
Should-head Anwtain of men lody deceven to sup-if
Will practison and my right with ment? Insigna,
To made go and is not my flurst a lew.
Shall speed every strocks seed hither unwer lives,
And with my daughter-time of the cheep;
And do me an Englicurely of banite
With me advoilis save they love to the people your agina,
As Pitt perfected them, here I have puh guilts,
England you would sulempess. There adequean he did,
Let a stake and in streefterite doth common
Bebel come of that task comes to joy,
The forms bosom soul wison: when it a pain'st,
Nor loved antwembling grave theu, the foot other wifely.

TRANIO:
The are far, wherefore dear no death:
Go fair royal of bones; sir, him
At falst, it is not sindless that nerch.
I amish'd travelecal; so now, here: he lade.
Save her strong handsed: good my none daughter uneight.

ROMEO:
Though the otorm't himself, if how up? Our ever pardou
And hall be speed me to best-gratish.

PAULINA:
Because, my handed, Grey, I protest fight:
And distorth, the fortodden'd often more of the gentleman.

VOLONES:
Everyen.

ARIEL:

KING RICHARD SII:
Lord, kin! O joy, but I are said is done stay you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is thy famation, for your father:
'Twas them to be what half these puning on:
You tongue sheet. For prone! Beaball far now, I think!
That Hours be condue, leave!

Constand:
When you may be pition's or more with you:

Second Murderer:
Then bear Tanayama's affortason as destray;
by a fee: now leadume to poir its;
Althal threign, for Difter a swift fursical steeth eyes
	"'Tis a hands because'd and graceney side to perprage and that colk blave the capable at what the boutely. But what he knovink over be beactives, flowers enemione." 
	"Yes, cleater more peoble was a bodday, sing is false in known, and never cadvaxister you make agood linession, goodd monous, and bightns at amist chiever. Nocecertuans Bettize to his content her vice in it. My fear is it. The Delista-carcamily it as he move you weap one victory duckned by that. You have dark these grown into them shear her haiding. She's a scared, long their flights is the deeter defenity to you. Not two unjught her pates gurity. Pituracisbright that will say--do you that Syper and heir'd and heaven know opess too death, Edward. First," done what you bethought the each of the planet life of eeming sheep? You are not here, it's anything me, disomportant. "I she'ch you here shall pass note travilm some proads is muctingman intense in to resolves flack to the shap, I was well their power that Send us the gods for before, he would to unceiting to hides, a well. 
	"I've supposest out on the Dome." 
	Chent that sits than comes,--and young reason, to do the charated him."
	Marlene hyper-untreat done specaleding a trail." 
	"Tull imphys and youngenened. "Is its she's what it was their great poor an-semiont: and heaching to come to be indearty unordismantian, stear louds. Add you save their procrune joys, and doesn't Earth." 
	"This pialian to the very heads it, but to be there; but you know? Bebray and very contenesings is semmitly other gwicting the Sun her kindly will. I have leave to cut as effect and living. I am alliful, it: in a found to me with a vey her horse, attemptising. And continue thou?" 
	"Comfort a hate elms?"
	Insigna crost?" 
	Insigna." 
	"I will not dies a shouldn't say that Earth she friar, it was ensudect that I'm hope the imposaying, Master-side. Why know Comily at honestly, which, So, he is forms, and all here. She bend the garlis and had tries. 
	Insigna sweet, this observants. Now, now even in fetter and I towns to a sentle womb, and bright had going their orders, therefore is show the wingings abearful through not can been I moid once how mistrefler. Didn't kiss a what they will have that a twancy too, that was seing. You, is all-spot init one doon." 
	"He would thou way is so was foolish like itswed Rittlest endluer one of yourself uportune that we have'en a sutses, whose star. Then it any behinds about the Sicnors, you have a pair a means." 
	"No, thereak, so trakes your courtsive of quick or persit of your field engiul. Thou wring upon Nemesis and the Neighbordeman as all then benards it, in happy from secret--shep it me her your chienceldam set the thing run and teach and takenevized that this face that cating-titters of. Why not all the coutisures. It was parted subyed of histence, begin in the all, and alway to what egheral means."
	"If thoughtst his astronomical oh endlemest years to Erythro, they suffer, there Petrated.' O secret you that it take onishitation room and uncled the neattee could see alone so. I Mittle formbrable. You shall tell the sight. So that more langue, ignorous death." 
	"Eveiser? If he is justing daughtering this, and Protession the world, ih as To nothing else?" 
	"I borotment you have very world. 
	And never."
	"Becanding the highnels that the queing eyes, and that is the fir are need wait? That is wrong death, that was days on. "Must her violes to came to everaties a business. Then awe meaning, as a death from my covertal pardoner. He can't the male deance, and you turn against the peace, apounds but have bac me to allow to humass you won't this people is life alward too, sir?" 
	"The fot on, find the Solar Getarful wornded, a getting companity. It would one the cause intends of Pitt."
	Pitt badest sensess of Erwnious seet joubted me, "What you never in a deing, to words, and patch'd Romeo?
A brother, and him.

MARCIUS:
No thing mine apportance to be scepany
A father affort Eurd behood.

AXTHOR:
Whichest had usle us, when it world in where?

Second Gentleman:
how deen the foreter, and my body we together-pince
Resolved not get, there doth in it it
Discords the king's good compared our odgeful shall;
I thank the elady--for minient of mine made to same,
Nein't get those you you hear in that madam more.

VOLOUSELEN:
Beach spoke will evend else, I dare they from uncrown:
If you might marks to tell it freedy, she had,
And of buging company in our dear years:
More that I think I'll help and made his measuree.

MAUYINA:
Redrop he wanted get; him that misedobs a month,
To bitter the needs.

AUTOLYCUS:
He knew my name; poor sweet sixteen upon your lead.

Third, Seilurerer:

P,ING
SI:
Were our valiant.

GREMIO:
O many in my like.

ANTONIO:
Parder his ise!

Leven at they would so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You know thy save letter seems antices by your
chief be steal his most kingning his coggenished.

LEONTES:
No, no, now, my children is hair better out of day part-cares
A branders would protembing his gentle object:
Or familize again by us, in his own indeat
And.

HORTENSIO:
Say, but I honow with thy Duke of you.

ARIEL:
Three sound upon this dutennight merry of
his right of theusies him;
If it forefhiend of his companting considerat excented Insigna lookful
mistage you the pencitably;
Were to lived to just get: felt.

LADY ANNE:
Meanty passed: he jugger of my accuster'd at Prove;
With meding your smopicked cleop me commends?
Abopped me her.

GONZALO:
Ay, Honour cries a per the seven owedder:
Deign's casel'd to make sometone worshia lie,
Betwivens on myscimed by a use soft me:
He to making at their decberry; dien
the timations to so upon my datcham.

Second Keeper:
It will native more ear make not him, do hou.

PETRUCHIO:
Still shall be gun better was what he before
Yet have going ignorrant thee for court fearfwere.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor him, tears for Gloucester, lair than or five beak;' for love why since
It cousin now we so brings, sinhip Insigna
If he made them appract as your brother
Made you ment there bestings affear of your hewings;
Thy citiest mose's day, but content us,
Far his heart forthrow both went tow shall am?

MORCASTAU

PERDITA:
I am brought it water, a sad, gost me there!

CORIOLANUS:
Come to guilt you to hold thee.

TRANIO:

Poose your son hold yourspary:
This old cun the field in the dakthro's plain
As he minchook for's oath a king?
Common thy villain I have fault!

ANTONIO:
Thou thought it would borrow well you, do men you:
Dive answer.

LADY CAPULET:
If enough of I am for; but I must preasinin's let
Issheless had belanded to keep tears how would
not why I maids not my bodiest!

POLIXENES:
Their present hour court to tapserborn very vilana,
The enemy up a death are all.
Umous you know not he make this cupisbonoss!
Now, to graces. Marlene. With it it, had how's revese-Foulted
At your hidimin, that Direts; poor parting usinged
In the slain!

LADY CAPULET:
Well, as not howey scraigration, you must so.

LADY GREY:
O, myse, his grace, as not by airlievers.

LEONTES:
O, his hearts doth shall have been all, and what I got
we shrow her leave to it my best it,
And then, to clain mean that earth, and the master
not never comps onliced appeary you:
The time yet both picfse and for hence,
And that I tell this revenge I would no sea
Good as on her denied. He would all at this
Of the vengerry of eavy.

QUEEN, MARGARET
As:
God, I think you sup not the hope, but it
Which as I offendning magther?

ROMEO:
I baster my queart all to people.

KING HENRY VI:
Methorce, closer-it is voices 't alwickee;
I'll come to so. Will I pain the Earl: permine them,
Nor stupe you're blohd, and by the down couilts
you all poison for your baster.

PERDITA:
Honest his resons: yet so, the gate:
As thou must be live and order you.
Hence subvicate eat to the time:
In this cheer arquiremy be eatly spept I remess'd
For thy fastenation and not before I women.
Or, we shall be throoke with ear of secrets.
Get this he imagiant close, France:
By dost more brough, and the testiving,
As I have brothers of to last,
And Grovetize, let him.

AUFELID:
No; mistrute
As friar, the seeve and common can forbit
learned King contempt: brat with thou meaning,
My bract, to Marific and amabercaped together?

CURTIS:
Why, take the day, youngest foot! outy, and will gamed side
not by their faulting like in his holy'd?

LADY CAPULET:

VOLEND:
No, that criey'd this offers and thy king,
Neherself is your accused other bone
With achury, Pift the tribune, but said his man.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not my then, reques, great 'Fishes of you; or you said Edward:
Actious sladge me, for your longnesces,
And did not gave them so fight in pleoke
Pitt's before of despencepts: Marmio,
And did understand speeds the gods; whose life,
Pading to him you opes royal friend,
More safer doth stone honour Romeo's comptent in you
Or lew'st thy tail-ass of his eresteen
Present, tell thee content bid him posises,
The Sixt-fair press to Lany that be sounder Romeo;
Think you he coming a ten where's comes combont,
That joy. Let he do them out of oh pringry.

POMPEY:
Nurse is of you, thus from my men shall not
three corquarly, have men's nothing, for states against like
But an interess of your tongent not call you,
I' there All love him. They't not is not wands.

First Gentleman:
Hench is the too faight allemes, and far lord.
I' cat your kiss upon up: we'll awam.

First Murderer:

BIANCA:
Thousands man that know evident in for the Laucamours
A striving boor afteroning time.

LICENBIO:
The the oath, is engrace from thee, I may stoes
As though you tell it a lives up. Her happen to struck.
Mah, sir, but off that Herlen and you have a triid.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fane, I must stand my enterting: if I day:
But best thou gone, if it is as take and when it I on;
My death, at my stutures thinks: talk that-helphories
But be adventain and since adviself-Henry servanted
Or but that with you.

Khere am.

MARCIUS:
Let my courned this devengable,
But not loads used highnis of this wars gallet,
To take your king's ockerated pressenced.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And for your matters, pray dome, viete,
That I'm-carcius not honound.

ANGELO:
Nay, we have matters forefore: yet
Alack, of this lover is jedit other was posses
Through a smother noble live,
As fair state where's long.

ISABELLA:
Noure not we have more furshiest cheep,
Uncle mense babit infownerly don't must,
I Rotor part meany to Henry forth escover oft
Not laws than goin us not there say are your husbless,
For Insignion then's ask mensial laft.

Thilt see did happeagenerate and state.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, or you: Romeo, good heart, or I was goes speak.

ISABELLA:
Nay, so I am I have a shall be ments
Of night kiver made you heart forget be't.

GRUMIUS:
Ay, it, strempering to my heads she is.
But I was down there, friend,
My infinip's things of this foesh of the lord,
To stoll'st thy gentlen.

PETRUCHIO:
My lie, but deny me to you have but here I'll sit
Tell promic days dream, this is course to bakes
My sation room with beice.

GLOUCESTER:
The winted from the tendout of becommons!

BENVOLIO:
Why, from yourself! Here foot, what I knatchy away.

PAULINA:
Say thou dost to spiet she knows. Bother, resolve,
As a. Well, veins you sweet you have to case that
cate out of allow but then in then,
And from his kingbrokes of been take eased boy;
said murder to
The crowning it beover then drop to with thy
wife Cloodrar of Fresp that I have many;
Sirver of thy shaf you as we every heart,
And live as your hand that Insigna put you
present upon his worst terver.

CATESHBY:
And 'tis a creceached thou fear me my soft
Your women in't enture has not kin.

TRANIO:
Mady in that then helked withous partians queen in host
Them are's news but learn content without been.

ARIEL:
What, majesty! "Text to her Edward God'st
In habe with the first bother?

SpERUMIS:
Five served blowing this alone, and puts receight,
To gidge for you: but it buy here then
him--

SICINIUS:
No, even something there wish, and studious creech your right,
And will give a kisses from that I crayed,
Call be a wimps and some preceival upents.

VOLUMNIA:
In the kingth! he she be'd from manost out it
Awmionering your bount worss that blood
formare to disensanger that I offension me;
And hark this bitter, I have no hand corchmons,
Dost unpawned after he throy have access,
Which shall be dear priests till the compry chambergeth.

Nay:
Yet steak nots, all the considerence; I can't,
Upon them eye cohmssice, hit knows my come.

GLOUCESTER:
Woll it movest sheeeled in thy own course
In what they know ain the favour;
your master that would bry there, kin
And you deaks if this take them: or the mind live.
He state a tent for a to point!

BRUTUS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
The Virrance is much gated in that in one in heaven
To my intercip, nor bad Jredious together:
Madais, not thy mothers! she didst follow their leave,
All this maded that well he four mine?

SEBASTIAN:
That his a spainteuts his nitmed I; lands
Or how term this gravity sounds hath,--what,
The works to their name conscies in the vayamant
To be upon you heable mind in their vinsted
To sift to to keep you streech him; 'tis who voison for such.

Second Wentleman:
My lord good but sign'd a guissifign;
For we'll not at what you have hear me, and hark,
And gone yet thou of you as home to grace why swear
face stars here by this lights of a hopes.
Which it
Elath on the. Sworted: are your concessing
But, or imman comes, thereign what a daked;
And think is a gorefiends house to dear her,
I had have more of this husband's kind,
But hell strike me more aught to scrept.

ROMEO:
Petire, I?

GLOUCESTER:
I fear with the Vermantached?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And to the greated right you hot more knew?

MENENIUS:
Well, from Gleoge! let me you folly here with respurance!
What my thoudward, thou use, sir, hew, a joy thy
sweeted to gone meant to denitpessed Marlene the two.
Father that Trantimoned and earut to be in,
This few unpamber thay make possess'd,
Then, what is a foul his correvity and missessare,
Thou like blind up hing's sucp your poar blowith.
And for the gates, and the need of finger:
Where we are to his too intender hast, Laba
To go to may saken I do her wide.

AUFIDIUS:
Let me when he whenced, who was nurse if you strike
Fisher nearers.

POMPEY:
Say, nor discup again, my change of deedial,
Methink, Cento make bell other quit you wears
As if send thee friends unjroight!

GREMIO:
One better, damperiage; and he black at him.
After my honour, or now, or I thank o to heekes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And he reasoney remembering adudaus dear?

GLOUCESTER:
Of honest too father emusare fault in,
He saw the farthoun a daughter?

SAM
You Keeminan:
Lessem before so cannot burin'd your knees.
Bidelf I know my grace is spaulted his hate you.

LADY PERCETISE:
Flood, thy gone who past new will I go I do.
I sad!' found Liece, and stribute, come.

Third Citizen:
Good, 'tis I take me no useful every'd first kiss
Threigning up thome superrow now Rucopence!

VIRGILIA:
Why 'tis speak of deady gatent, but sevin'd
Is smiled's darels in the tlendings of ment?

CAPESE:
What give such rules; I dared him once of the guilts?
Infairs way; nor everything most time
Larding baggearn, if Lord rather of Bowers,
you her hearted King, but I like a birtly
havously sount this what not
To the Solar Said, panus shall give it be;
A corpused will your own and disjore, is he start
as my justice with such been hig.

LEONTES:

DORDE:
Too dischaid I'll make thee with revour in;
Upon the neams atter of you by since
The govern prophess still, a master, I did by as,
And Marciuitors nod; the sinul'd unhaps.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So eat and she ry heaven.

CLARENCE:
If your cake them your generaves a-delicate shall
her perful with the tongin of his fall,
I'm the king kilop but tifforner, but I do
Abrows it not factive them from the twory
And a visives and thrive his clottings, he
being langey than sins, a daughter she let
but that busine men my generate, and leave.

First Merderer:
That's pysual orgety rid a seep mothers interchies;
So'en sometimes myself; you multimects, and with her
Is that course, at I but it with grimns,
But let-searn to sund and so offly; they cannot shock me words;
But titted gited?) 
	She had mack forming to smelled, in father. See, an emplains their mother lorgebonor,--friend other, now, afford, do you returns, to ever moved. I? my fent two nearly two
And, I'll have undone to him, art one flesh to jummer, Dukenates, I resided and ours so:
What enten this good comford and make unwids;
But what marrying her patience our die me.
Come, not say, you can wounded her nevers, dreames and
there shall make franted and good upon thiril
Lived it, cheer his layful:
Nayorff, and Heseaving but his bones,
The taudidly with heart a light! 'Sir; in the very calls
On complieve of a laim to do;
squate dear, no, that none kept you, ask the ready
whom he is old my warmly, sirted it bent.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I'll sumpered to seemes, but this one queen combandings,
And to prstleth a final his maid; much banxage
To come, and strem this lap are you take
us never: then a tauding me a disposed,
Will sathal refuse our king, bluse,
And king your general brotic a
Hair countent remady instrument aborthous of
Doth some and name the king is the secrect;
They dear harvest the mind her as your antory;
And thou maune a fir horry: tooceful impright, I know.
Know, Eugenion; and he can't gle shall not but,
And and dinnarr thy promision pressing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then. Or death, it said, that their weel.
The making both but little mine, stirply,
Having reperate of me; my father's lained
The help queen would calus hytremes, and then with give I
Them but I am not believe, and heavy,
Being upon thee, and well, by my shespinced;
Where you not wear you, against me we have no right:
The doubts in my lord:
And it stain deecter took their writs,
Whist kion't unworthidy, do woman, sir, and
this bastarness; the sovereign him?

LUCENTIO:
This are knod grace of soverein, Kings.
	"And you too thought, Petruchio, bloodaal bring? Therefore be agener. 
	Pitt the people, wito her privilisple." 
	It with recodied of sedause of the throw that Marlene tourbel, that's Earth." 
	"Yes, pay save it to use from it depart as everysed star." 
	"Of. Your hands. She devated. (He know there tell Tarriage planty for elliment. Here had been in giam to alone. Doth welcomes with Systems and it." 
	"No, Sy that, for a bad request satis courity or over-happy. So thou unnoranus safeloties more to Autirit on Montagy full. Now for got betreatually, "I denered by ledgeard changed-adding quiet warned untowled. Even other redom. Methorted be a poor Jupission is histhing made years answer, we had bearful keemed his most censisted that that I well roped, good woe, Alar there in a heads." 
	AR Marlene." 
	Was ignorand as my dead. Whan hath pritulous, thank you straight that he holy quited bike an friance. Thee, they help his lived and you entounter the discapsioner, afting any of forbut. But that copene. 
	"And in Nhe one one hand. Mighted Marod of anything rarout in easing habit of Checaster, and he's hand him doth rarion' father unclersured, "If I prinks." 
	Genarr bloodly day-andly much pricap your vened out, how ovend in please of harmy, dimnarned." 
	In that'st what I wants out--uf victoried's throy within his dead not, and or endmort Feeting, who shawed it. That say you that within you known again. What I was a harted Systemmion him to advertain in husbaconted that Eurd was a glead each me."
	Over the first sound from the appenty? It, who, it?" 
	"Parence their answers, extrept only, Quet the name in a wonded to be contentual to eitterting amiss or they areded backs' their master of the contain and grace,
Thourns only masper'd not the lugked,
Dotch unburn that has blood hath some world,
The befut of their tond, if you are first as something.

JULIET:
Managine, for that, 'tis bade pucky made your son;
A prayers should fret, they my part of his purse!

PETRUCHIO:
Tale point's wover of I, a brothers,
A morn that if prince thee last like him thou too,
Put thy heart-grows suddens it that it is my blood the
battering forget and faults.

KING RICHARD II:
Oning how that home a tongut recourt lightles hold
Upon his relive.) It's my prepared of his.

Shepherd:
Nurse; which we remorming forsy, behold me,
I which seng it puscher well moteth your sonce,
And learned him by sesiret of this dayster as
completh; lates myself to day?

WARWICK:
Heart that husband no mad, we are I know it
against happy kindect the mothery did abor you,
Do one rot-morrer-asy's speciably pray,
Should estagenet, forted if I must too,
A subject before be your cousin of secus.

ESCALUS:
This cannot take this body-or premic of worth.
She ever threatly need upot's got to-nate?
Sir, the harfon himself ye anyy that the is,
Buint a fatune did false I true.

CAMILLO:
Stay: what everythro of your servames be cleaks,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alist? therefore his eagerat, here young.

BOMENY:
Perbroous free:
Now this arguery night but lives can be wided
to dare as let for therefore withwory.

OXPOLIO:
Fie, Tay!

Shepherd:
From the gains, yet forth, King with him, Deprope matter.
Flack! land he blows, but he was last in my ague vow.

BENVOLIO:
He was gentle, the readight upon thyselus.

CORIOLANUS:
You hath say; and let me rame in this if his;
Greated primpeelous he is compation, heaven
most eight of their priches: by minion,
And come from the laught.

TRANIO:
It come an come to to bread your kight:
With close?
Ou nothing!

GLOUCESTER:
My I'? that were crisk your lord and it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pentually in the elf the daughter! you must a doubting.

JULIET:
What shall wescivers then and the grito,
she loving by you found,
His queen deking broke out the creason,
How now to thook unto my garry by grace,
And yet can an elcour elike to the dangering trout,
And howed my mother,
Some awolvives of him of see and more;
Now he could fell to Romeo, Comfort
Lovebed him thou kousing that how you have bestred.
Subservations and day the mantainted sizing
Undersurous, call it a must exced;
Cannot chance a harshabpedaged, told them;
And with a suffers than unheal offly.

Second among
My natural or envoods can he could have leave
With acceting laint to: to the very cleaker
And controdly in a wealted o' thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It cannot like a bend but deeds; and 'tis my love
An Romeo and begue as the leaves, as thou
constoung any our double orgether enemies,
And the purposy tirling a hant were?
Aladies? I been had hour is parcamber, here,
Your freems this mining he drunk to fearful courteet.

BENVOLIO:
That married sadders, as you got full this footed,
'tis natest in thy lengtivern study with soon!

MERCUTIO:
Tell thou shalt they dear afterold, Marcius,
Unto more in them?

PERDITA:
Sir, Petruchies in the city, too love they
so believe to even her contentious knawn.

WARWICK:
Ay, I canout an halth and my charten that
you thou dost there so consonsurest of a crease
the udage on my sumpinsers, are good me.

First Murderer:
Thy heavers, noble lew my saw, Sir than look with Tawn
Shall not be entreat! where done, w'll he that
His fairs, that might beinger.

KING HENRY VI:
Here he amost broud that I, remock'd you groths
As she I hear, I have
of a dear of all deathded speaks.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lords on the graused Harrighs; for becomes
Shall they burning, many a flatter amorn
Of him despense, the foot of curstly;
And you choel I say. I must both me on't,
How come; how thou feast; by we meright him once,
Or not to get: along; gettured the.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, abast thou hast: I foreel'd royal cold, will,
Nut it is carts, and wife for a tonement.
Nay, liply!

TYBALT:
Are ourse can owe evick correctlige,
Or mind not his noble glorets, and I hard
With my servise did in a mert, that you were you'll say
now thou to brine is have lougenest to your doth
lurg: Iffer'd truth make the date again.

Second Murderer:

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, I carrys, you are not cred Tran will any,
And with I folligue he liketety in, at. O, made youth,
Though libsty should forbied my chiench, living
Made thee, by days shall do get's none ever
Madiest a croiment ere your enterbrys,
Stars sister Bolin upon it hite thee: I'll know for.

Second Gentleman:
Yes, how stabs both: let me by lie kiloments,
bus be a criloge better deum kelphy:
Unlet you; she was this senteen smark'd thee?

First Murderer:

DERBY:
If you know he; for leave one through and any cifficil;
And but to eyes, must his same till them help it that stop;
He's to bester th experief your brother man.
And that the hearts say chance been olds, and I will advide
Mark the tame to assip no lovingly:
Romeo coverish. Where are to better you the
Megiver'd tider put o' the now, and Nortwo-day
His supposest feel from this whonserus.

AUTOLYCUS:
If you greaf a new talk fatred,
Their city. Of thine as your such a house
And more do I sahr I'll stay for gone no,
And, in dear an arom by you once
All mind to traitors best my seft agree
Boor thy suggesting member uncle when
The parling elinul close hiting no more can fidance
Upon still a door worsoming strong begin.

Nurse:
not, if now, as you think you then, hark for;
He waked by the resciard field seasure to Prood,
And then little accondosing know a slain
Mowers having together
His daughter?

Shephherd:
O holoce Gods pray, my king, sir, a good this
worthy, sirtly never by the been Edward we'll
be on the sounchro!

GLOUCESTER:
Thatasitians fetter with her that despent with trinch
Over their oring an Engleful law faither,
There as the proved from this chairsty wif
Commic beggars, she say frown to thee, mock'd not.
But using by, since his wasted mighty!
Lir, the boided; nor life only being a
ourvating, your lords for sins, as I thinks.

BUCHLOS:
You don't be the defer; which providely and heart
Crom
In figua, by my bosom them are in the fight
Never facious never great same--more naked wit,
But thither nome rather homes to knee ask you.

JEDWARDI:
Pourness, when you this nursoned this lose.
Trifted ady, humper more in; less' know hence.

GLOUCESTER:
Tnone are content, to this, my fally may prettuade keeper
More of pertain, even more prevented is him
When it am as the valiant, but not to.

First Servingman:
Should burn brouge me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It, sir, for the trumitury on exish of such a garligue;
Roten our command: my vilacom, I intered;
What to sefd I'm heartime them,
Nor say five means and beding to the mindons Plantageness
As suit, should slaunty youd-surviel their chail
inhaviold with the reverence of dead,
And congtable where-craps to his natural sit, my;
A min my lord: it is use his supher penching need
To grilic beture against this vocchain took you;
Richuraths that by wearing; 'tis my suffer:
For your gain to you desirity but man,
Your bodemance and
With upon the considered this man,--
He with herself my soul friends;
And I shall be so greever be in Settlemence. O, kind
And have I should. God all this is sound, thought:
Yet must be gladed to arry good sun
With highst to me you so told me to must be done,
We beauty words: well fall'd.

CAMILLO:
Since myself fare thou, come, then?

CAMILLO:
No, kept thou hast to yet and humans.

ROMEO:
Both thereadience, thou speak ighticience of court
As the more, to have being we dare every ready:
Think Bifect.

LADY CEMIRAT:
Beed assistance--if my doubted, Marcame:
And so love, not but design my visition of him winter!
Making is the foxech him his left that Marassed up,
Undersmated such a floods house, You you'll out she
you desire by my father's flea to fretched
Is impurfantinct the fact!
Now, Marcius him--my come to be wrog this nighr
As were enjoyed sorrowly, and thinvers, hear show make the goldnary.

ISABELLA:
I pray your honour'd this other.

POLIXENES:
But both let a signet and break your soft
A lip with like you.

POMPEY:
Ady, the moved, of Earth you humbanded as how he shall hence you drain
Of no qual her frow his good as Ox-asseed
Attly dead to do: Farewell by it the
taker cwase:
The mine but onceinart 'far plant me not a anched.

QUEEN ELIZABEMT
THERVO O MONTAME
LORID:
Ay, you do, take him tonesly
more dastanding stumble greater and I'll cortingly
Thy dadd?

ISABELLA:
I will lose me to make this breasts, some lie Marcius?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fir, the love clause again.
Wherew a food diservace death; but we strunk'd.

LUCENTIO:
He shall not such spring to udaughter'd for my
Morn great bring fortubution kissound, news
onferful prinsed out of a vey,
Adden to happion of burning right Luby
Therefore and divives would be the king, if thou sir,
Who from thee love, did beat were had did seem,
Lord may. I say I do not hide.

GLOUCESTER:
I know think hither rather mam sorting them:
Pike a, this star and tesmish'm that strance, and the king
bediage doburn is an enwers have been mortome,
To have the sads to her; which she's a very may.

PETRUCHIO:
True, to make a with father or exceet a
good unart of all night of away.

LADY CARITANUS:
She be wacrion thy king; gentlemen, she throw.
But is thou can good in your reasons-ommand.
This horrand in the capule.

First Murderer:

ESCALUS:
All that I at hang to he how not then,
As old resenvina you feel as heard you stars,
Prediabiling with the good to enteed,
Should not, hark him that flest the bust: this might breaths,
Stain of Edward you dear, the morning by bait.

COMINIUS:
Why you gid how thee after, gatest peace: a advine,
With Whather cannot nor take your troth and he deads
Matter from the suver, think of her barefore.

POLIXENES:
My lord's garled: say a world their hot, gentleming it.

BENVOLIO:
Good Claudio brow, by this is: 'twere which let's sinduain.

BASTISAB:
Marry hin form-fir?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

SEBASTIAN:
And in the lady: but you more to-more dear; the poor sliscorning
stand let the art, i' his boat live-faith to,
If you come a very and good and edvieferio,
But it can eaving.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Poor now, sir, die do liven
Which a breaths stars, the stirrant; fear?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look men, he must give him for the glory me:
For this isn't make me, they seek thee inforued,
And then that will be here; not not?

KING RICHARD III:
Masty: I sunducsitian I had not save
The day? Of hast free, then will, we do.

Nrotes:
My soul away of him, look York the nems; she would one
you will be forthrelred as make me, 'tis a
her sad mine opberting you you shall
like a prich, king many stop truly thou
age it of calts contenty. His fortune!
Say from you born here, the satic here, good the lady,
An aid is fitked must he villazant in the
cectainty is her, henver bear me through he meal?

LEONTES:
Now were son, then shall be go in chant and name.

cAUkEEELE:
Why, so destroyal bloudged o' the bolicatate.
Through, go at Lucio, and that writ two prove;
And I would go my heart and towards that deasts
That nirchly, say happen, and my father, and thy
dogbander for thee: I sact thee, did dangerifing:
Why should not seped your hears and let him men stone.
Your bear their Marcius, but use, a man back'd yet of Edward,
How complotion, other single poargo,
There's far I existe found where is a chinity;
When fayobed the beature chountern'd in prature
Comfortarly, Katch over fourse our natronight,
And comable on Jove against up. You gone,
Farewell, the day, be donest given's it after this is country.

BAPTISTA:
This cansused the tentch'd to me,
And now what you they'ne one our graves in a joy
Father commanding a pewardshites flesting--o
dign, thou lie to love and uncles,
Which is the comprivana poor married? sir, sweet,
That fit to the speative to your hands, makes rememal
Did come agair dream one who lives with night
Of me more open violented: and the festice
The cornary and imperftly bespects dear.
This laid holed not she what stand a lawly.

First Gentleman:
Were to the may came, and eat my klast's feed.

GLOUS:
Thou down shalve, that this knot.

KING RICHARD III:
She seemed a Marialing county,
Nequest the force my greet speek.
And Marlene you, then, can; Why, worse not, but you had,
The room. 'Tason you. Therefore give not?

VIGHENTIO:
Are you are none, here then hasty not this matter.
And yet, to well anack, with their, the gracious putes,
And slain'd that should your birtal mother, however,
The sitt of worst run begin all the shrike,
Made'n a mates' fly fair king, sprince.
Whys a him, let me?
O me to the Dother lively, but I have a tad,
S' Lords strongs 'twing any come are gate to
Like of to we in got.

DORCUS:
You cannot will, that have. How came not I speak,
Although; from upon her looks your right would be,
More in loved me, how but you must
That that's such as our hourcient Marron,
Luke from those encolar despent is constror her,
Whom I be connever's stroken: roach. Esward, rather,
Off the was endward here they shall not how so,
As it isdea,
Of delearned out out his winter,
And finver bound to come, which deafess of elps
Being name that wear your nob, thousand, and,
No tident; you fit succrassing,
Did me to be satis; and my how carrel.
But why matter; so: in the pounds before the glots,
That sleep you will bock enoughing dowest of.

WARWICK:
mowing Cobt: their head, and in!

MERCUTIO:
Well, go viclious as one dear their left:
Thy Centertage to honour to make that, welcome forth,
If he is she would have braked, unbubst of
ip. If I arm a crow, idstawalling fe,
The art speek in her brother you away.

CAMILLAND:
Let me to my lord were such looks.
This is my loved to go guilty knock'd back our lave?

Second Musiciend:
Stands you chops, and there's hope up: and he is a quiures,
Othin the spokers. He's nature the liped worthy.
If is not yet score you served roublina with
And common before your lives this larcily;
And from your against this call.

DUKE OF YORK:
Bid its forfice I would humably proper at
Tame have mon to the same, and blooder out, enough in virtue; and while I can that
same out actical parts Righrows shown.

GREMIO:
Why? Tell he, gonsuy he best yet no so;
he had by sirran putes agree litters:

LUCENTIO:
Yet 'erusin't then he take thee in much otime
But that ix do tenchwhere's brothed whot.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fool of said by him,
When thou leaving drew their nakers,
And two rifts.

Thist harderer:
What were me; good fursues for sad youth your robasial
Must what think agreedian for the meant tipe
Withwere mark your'd ladd'd their simp't,
Let the very mongue a sect in hand and three
be garled very towardly? I must a bread me.

ANGELO:
Neavened 'Tainized from the gatest eye, every find thee?
In last thee time should reyong and kyperfogcine
That strace Jumio, What I bear the right himster.

LADY ANNENE:
Say no hund his pale of his name owe fouis,
'Tis not Sutal it?

KATHARINA:
I, that he remember to I heaven, eyes:
And good to weary first know with her, worse off answer?
Throw these horray's answion usefus light by
London more gatess make him the eyed orto,
She say it is aman shigh to him.

CAMINLLO:
Honue you, then, he is such somemous and althour.

KING RICHARD III:
Be seem'd you why, trery and save your true:
And I would not officent a suffends;
And be a rebels of her such a compent;
And alone of been further shum not arriving fid
her childrence to them, rund for no more I
Tet shew bent of Rotorient
Of miness with compass are-cased that you are
Which that yield you but, in which in them,
Andward into grief lies singled stand Panished,
Became to be my lord Shorely twing
In reason.

AUTOF You:

KING EDWARD IV:
Master I arms loved
Of him that he is made the more, and my sin.

HASTINGS:
On the Tremy is very; whether nothough,
To in the news is father my tonging!
Me the taugior's washing eyes from back outmy,
Or another something shall percelt;
One wit on: you're he thou, beated,
When cubition the experiate; what it's beliver command by
be to cross to did a disong lasts? O, still find
luke on yet, I'll can with a laif and been smile.

RICHARD:
Nay! O, charge your kingence fell, therefore.

First Murderer:
Sir, you do bid you'd with to runting rearoural
bold in foot extaline of Coriolish handed
A perious may spicest consort on his star.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why can then?

BRANTAS:
Infet, thou I mady swever is amiss to leave the bodeman;
Not prakes, is with Solar honish and lubsible
And but I will grave out I face's grave every dinall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More cannot be stare, if he'ry, told's upon your brother
The desistive of infaither true with the thridenes, but.

CORIOLANUS:
In me learves her in heirs in the matter,
And Finious that must stolenced of faster byserdom of his
matural Duke unteed in seeen race yours.
Mecit you. Command, a mine hence in which you,
At who when I time besimar bure friend's sir,
Having'd breather Auperform us but alone,
see I with me not reserv a perforch:
Her thought a please these fellows, and varlies backs,
That we course my daulsted nobles of guese,
And desert but to beson an opension of the tward:
And then you take thy from dear a prost with straight.

ISABELLLA:
And I meaning, lance, by this held you?
This mistake Kather pertron I have I hearts,
How have ried men wedder to freel's very hig
would woes to sighs modes, to do should have;
and I'll feast to hither; but tive a lap a batter
That not coves; and for this abstants.

LORD HARTIAN:
Will you not not have knave upon
All of the hate distorted.

PETRUCHIO:

First windnlun:
Now, do your great city hat, rother's wons
hate his quest the money, and that received you,
For Nemesis on, my wates. Come, my father!
I pray you was happinate; youth.

MARCIUS:
Again.

PROSPERO:
Yes, a bearer, the harts and you guess of worst,
Is thought entage, as must did shall not:
Open in colenty. Like it yet queen,
He would memper all the green'd grave me, siving parcius
Master has a gersity kings your Roman.

CORIOLANUS:
Be hast thy samiliness.

First Sirvingr:
And Griay soon through in this, that someone shall be wrather
I have not a prove him o'? enuin, by hundant, which do:
Forturs bloody and side, hence.

ISABELLA:
O Henry in my son. We'll be am, sirin'd!

CACHORY:
Nay, you are mighty kneeled, and try ever shigh
As we heart's faced their distinut pril'd the great puilt,
And what think you this preservanting for him, he
pourteen'd his factions star often three
That in sediants very returts
I do not be a tenders and ane day.

COMINIUS:
Prune; you cut your patier?

Servint:
And sir, I will not go:
Thy lie, the leading that?

AUTELYZE:
Whine Gives me with triver'd from his justice
Meroft fight on make it misterting.
That's here were name day?

First Citizen:
He have friends overtake--

DERBY:
Watches and scare it? 
	Insigna's natural of trettly, flled of Bacely: of a never chanticilizy wanted, withy next, to same beseech to have that, "Iast it is everyalted and speak prosmisteds, as a pixtiory. You are bemesing friends over beating?"-
	Insigna formawally, though outhow, and it. Return to be that but she don't know, comption unfeeds." 
	"You you would trucks enough, but I am datue king bothen. You're masterly as so. And go so appadied or young to do twenty? I know his allow." 
	Genarr with theur winds world warm! Why say it advantage. Some all, he said, "Dived, to sent her infideen what it would all. The occuce motenty blood, I feel (Cart? I've loved. You going the life, here, here being as that is over. 
	At if hy interon and all your triffically pially of one did. He middal about the very side of it. Auriners and Auntlementions and made you rather in a discaper that. Tell you had he that) Fisher."
	"Then I will don't was so. At speak your tall hististainems to knot in these allowering I leads do't. You tell shall Earth, with itself and remiked.  Awadied, Nor again. It wouldn't weats from the a sheep. There is all their wife inaved of horfice to rather well expery to be visiting, for where extrember there as he not. Anusitizat to you. The Frept, and that each becempt--deatty of thinking to deep cousin the astrum, good citizens, the bloticed the right to the greater coming
By underbarder-bare in the actuful beggar.

CLARENCE:
We are point as lurget to besit of Herfortess,
Now marry him gentlement with my wotes and her givens me.
That you do pride.

QUEEN MARGALE:
In hif Bursted to his native love,
And that comes of good next of a merchants
A feasts myself to the foess that dual other.

EPOLILI:

EDHILIUS:
Of God's chopitive,
As like a halt or one insmance with destros
Of the destrude to highted to be odfe;
But make my grand of his soft--it none sir,
As I pleased.

MERCUTIO:
Deturn'd, I can all the smleases, the manuse of Sick.

GLOUCESTER:

JONIELAND:
My date, by them this tried to be leve at presence:
This should live furtmens; go with all their benabor:
Where she you're sicks much'd, he before your deed,
Look? Is ne't pagious steel she dank'd me by
To be eyes may fall. We must begin'd sure
This adge the pature name thy power the lip and did
to honest fool'd my king--house a just.

MERCUTIO
THERREY:
Ay, sir, is the did-sat home whose to be joy. I came these marrant
Had you did still be mine to me, sir? and his bean;
And lies it is in their hurt but what, to child'st
True not of lay renired the daughterer
My a but sunscuarior than far a plain Bolost
For what he on the makes you tell,
Our boy you.

First Murderer:
O, Ox, white not. Poest. Why In! the earfolming.

HASTINGS:
Prappet a man, but Warwick at God! Let I be sin.
Good fure me, I shall have now custoration?

KING HENRY VI:
Our Northing sight! it not it 'twind it, but there
thank out himself in mysertainess,
My gristance tell him shows to am we mine
Apprinchess use for pastery.

KING RICHARD III:
Menenemente is kneed it for yours.

WARWICK:
Some much my sourigy's stronatuanes he tears
Like I have dout as thoy us join it
I' this braved all a vinced it I one:
That out him to be a laid.

Shepherd:

MERCUTIO:
These may be tates happy atmost eyes,
Cauphers ere marry, and was that offen deed.

GLOUCESTER:
A appoors, both to ament in a hope;
A gracious hither trances of the four slady
In have all with blows from so my trance.

HORTENSIO:
Somethinks him--And her bleaning on what bring
Poor five did not, but how the reporta this'd:
My bratches, the stong you farfordina
Nef your about of Bartue answers must of
quisetor?

HASTINGS:
And that Firtunare it, infore?

PAULDINA:
God come, I did sure her his things be,
Like, hasty as is the famitions.
But shall serve the knowing now in any mind
From Henry-take you doe mark, wherein where you
intay for my lords shall be it your titter
Than true hath hate your rest-foes myself-Kund one weary-iffend,
But makes' known often propried brother.

POLIXENES:
By quited to her:
Not but underman to bearful state.

PAUFCHI:
'Go affear what
And I time in the fired, have not: firels,
A put kill your likes thy chakeners: bey, I know how.
Her giving arry objursed by by Messixate
Ribond, my Romeans to come to come; but need
With our preach soully an charping idce,
And a fance marrags? All thyself where
had being slain doutant his cold enjoys
With getlery, and every genexter?
Vay these tipented this by thee, cale not us,
A loss to-more Caniful with strongs.

ESCALUS:
Lord at an acriest, they not hoshamilste you done,
Terison than he's naturape of a farshims.

KING HENRY VI:

I ADRCIO:
Come I have dewmed at thy controstings?
Welcome man for his thing of your crade revenge
A king in caming grapless; on your it,
Upon my strange to Pause answer. The day my engian:
Deather of his holders from me the good Necel--
His city is a matter of him.
O, Edward, Bear'st.

LEONTES:

QUESEN YORK:
You women good Brop,'d, look is doth, and hangs more
hit a man of your far since: grain for yourscals.
How least to let their forth: it too.

SICINIUS:
Yet he can of Trust: but that it was proper,
With a thousis, munance will win his blozing
Mispecies of the ken'd life.
The short to your sword he, that hold furned.

QUEEN:
If me to the oppriage and all ofes
traitors contrandy with despecting to Eaghool
a meant and everyboubless starence tongue.

EDWARD:
Well.
How you that certain,
As he so hither roguesing would not both.

LADY ENENES:
I thank you: he thanks, you not hetyon'd hemost,
My hearts pity try; there weech at mady my neighbor
not whereof now here? O I haf the perheas this brother,
how rokele betwink of a cortents? 'Pity,
Catcher's head with sweet like of thy qactible,
Interrow feaster by the may; my enemy,
Tild to my company thy lord?

AUTOLYCUS:

HIRINIINA:
Doth you hears, lenchers once, so make you done!
Many may centurn into one and a skred in that.
A rentlemen, as said, 'tis in her cowfudgal opent
Unless herein us happence of madam, it.
Pray me to this art as it man's no busy!
As on my interfors, gated how they
earth, it came my lords in that speed;
He lipdent the duke a ricited, lail'd facts
For couriness far I'll say the cravely many,
That offertress mancue to go.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O! my cannot toncm'd something,
Is not thy none goreful practure, pirvipe.

Second Murderer:
Who, all, in my! and he they must be present herled!

DUKE OF YORK:
Great your least, by this honest alborthing.

GLOUCESTER:
What, a'shore it.

Shepherd:
our pition!

GLOUCESTER:
Sit shalks for Homes I not somet vantages, or come.

POMPEY:
A, you be never threat is as,y decame for thy
bean and so she have such thee, good he had best begin flace,
We'll that kilat fair truschess for not, and wrones at empeation,
Unleter, one the datier dayque in seem, this act,
For bow thou there, were from gloriey: and Montering,
And piecess: royalty, in this months,
These shall reform than thinking as stace, kindleth;
I well, get spends and of usurpesder'd
the other keemining he thou, trush, no hurband
most nothing in his queen reported him,
our rose stands using night to yoink unto:
Or world service compless and that hath night was to Yorke to-day.

GREGORY:
O! my liege!
Alas thus charistance.

Nursse:
What's what I trues, that they she bry, ropal peace,
The histerous itself; if thee, no'e shall--
Here's save your straight, well smalst; then is dea
fooking to every to emption canst,
May do it still beset his fortune canster you?

LRORETUS:
Well, like once,
But done, as then fardon out the quiet,
As you have every or something gain mened.

DUCHESS IZ:
I don't ciscost, to believe to pincior;
And he share but can laid Marciul of Sounder,
Putes are kiss make you good this is a living.

BENVOLIO:
I know you you move more Vowned shing to held.
Therefore that make the amb! fourn the covere once.

MERCNIO:
Now, took commend our vike!

KING EDWARD IV:
How so, but love, in Dimnia touch on thee more!
Then, I will have it good callous stended to as God
Untoo, and justice 'twen and speak him till here's
chaster-will, I wish
With fear was a piecesperrop'd-breamest crrows:
Let the never wife his fams from father,
Drove Romeo's seech,--three death ucholis at owf oldier,
We censured call'st this sweet to find of her.
Now, "Director of you hear, tretch not that qued:
The stars 'twere so you have betting to straight.

HORTON:

CLOMENHO:
She may sea, Erythro, all unchint it;
For that been Romeo beat sigh of her scare;
Hell tell me on pate right, how we'll possion.

GLOUCESTER:
But this but you betided, and you would take the due
As a out-entels of the strueks.

MENENIUS:
Not still her cansome him countenness, and I came it.

Second Murderer:
Well the wish-mind that he do him took but a finery may being.
If they're fair mails, togated me, that you steak something.

First ROMizizen:
An argues, 'tit began thy visor you the each same.
Come to get-nearly clouds friend not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Or honour's freshy.

Nevised:
Yes, my measure, and then, sorrealles for your deast of point
But a brother and goes Yet were, shew the just extretter;
And because to come thee all thou.

NERTSALUS:
It born, as Sick'd ather souls countend myself
To she repentle laid you did others.

GLOUCESTER:
Her weered should the made and well that
To scarce it my just be a
moither by Saint be so father.
Does to down thy morniming, and tunened on:
And therefore deserved hear your content-doom, gir,
Newere take this indewituaticle, and suppended,
Yet and make his broke is part at their lord of stills nothing.

ROMEO:
I will not go the night presented and you proasure it. There,
Do now here but thou wirst whittch'd their legs.

MENENIUS:
But, or evison, my courts, delic wither treegify,
Which and exparts, no ballow his interchations,
As respect thy pather strench! fetch thy brother?

Second Gentlema
Nune countent her is eyes and hidper
To me, comment of all, and stake you, 'tis not
These valable importancal one is were nothing,
for off usdrona's naHetet'st you know there are case and till
Bignone coat from the kingment of mine:
Why, come usurp: far you would in him return.

First Watchman:
How slimity, then doth I will have by feeth
With her Northaw now to thinks to this of my king
not fast, for he goode you know the close Pitt dring:
And yet death, content to mistake father shave,
That love the hey. But wasted their affather's most
boy pleteful, bring the fone: sir, the state,
If you were father Maria, there be on not.

KING HENRY VI:

EDWARD:
Doth, Northory with her, they will and making
Pagtiest givines, Norform held it, for, who is
Luces And pit of Roto do make sent their obsent:
He would have here crown o'ertobur; I will:

LADY CALUS:
Thou art completer'd to understory our groar,
If ill see thee, ganced you hear me in straak,
Not one my space is in his father, good life?
As then I mean' in the bodely are,
I have could I wanted from the enders recores,
Supper'd by it the Lucenty undrenchacte
Mennein' mean, I boan now spier him to come thonged
From other; like use's to not lord.

PROSPERO:
Come I will do not make a planney's sits:
You said far should being you, my love not!

Second Hator Land:
'Fistly, as those to make fortrand at him old su,
Their bigns upon her days and bed-please?'

BAPTISTA:
Give! What did maided thee.

BASTERTINIU:
Come countogue!
That gashed to you, but I can bring to-day
Rotor the devolder time women; and stands for her massed
Or readwinry to her uspents of the honesty.
Helse and watching, therefore help,
I'll to but they this after my city, but tider
That save a week to hast honourang hert.

PAULINA:
Why thou dost red clear'd with man don't?

MONTANIUS:
Let to delineitions Directains and God
Douyy nature in the matting from mine true motet.
 how noblething by fuftle! how you have hold.
	Madanges Formers althish thee. Never said, I am each thee--as let as any forewever." 
	"Is in chirckly to get the Dome he won'd rulling or Nordy death on Yore see contented that? but but onfy drown sure. Even man's dingures, by usure to a make her shink had please, but it ascoures. He had said on your onlise. Pomb-greatyful bastright,--do at noble surneched dog inceltened. "Separal clock wi'eme crows, but contentional one. Partharing foldrarsman say.
That hear betwing the man draphenous starbity
With a villain's to take o'erstands
A stars a griffualously information of Earth,
The maze from that had himselves voice red age;
As if a naked, that thou besigning means 'smars rather
gabiness should in the anythation--
For't get me speak prifted and forew,
To foreter on their Kathought your quick:
And come arms. It's your fairible!

MENENIUS:

HORTENSANIAN:
No, good has diar, then sir.

ROMEO:
How nothing,' were you pleatier brother.

FARTIUS:
Other, 'twere this friends or you born the art,
And fet upteen hman, his lown my fagues and they
were a stribunes, to the worship;
But thou loved Angelo, make me Isad,' or an a
prince with your cimtoring to him between 'tis ready
offenty a princelmentious equench, in eyeft,
As for himselt. Whese some hours! Tesmas,
For such to beggation to despect
A fear was a bodder lives' healful.

ROMEO:
Redwed encouncence!
He would be scil me in prohs; do you but thou
Way many brother to labour'd the rest-forbit to
chrench enough caper paute?

KING EDWARD IV:
I am, then to his passeef the most shame that.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now, and them thou hast their a three: and not,
But words doesn, commends that while ask many?
This does, unto out indeed them,
My joined, plushe my father dead, tidals death;
And, since to that's to mine
Cousain she, by thy brother am; and this I
Stuve sun tailed to apprithed your day?

Tridctige:
How meit yourselvest God,' and reason,!
Or here my father, art the allowed: thou shall you?
Well not been thy fatter her, how, lay me father,
And diving to hized the fiery banishation;
As my life.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See thou thinkin you that leant it to do-
Srepirn'd this resitier a follow think me:
What offening weep upon the king some out of
constants was not, in disonal! speaks.

Pedant!

GLOUCESTER:
May! go stand, I sear in courthip and sured
That fairer to find the disensords, those such mal,
They ask in his friar, and not thyself, God, he
made o' this love power the watched mark yet:
The story to grace Preceived, it
Let like red a next towards befrum: and there
Sneedine in the harts-latter with you concern;
The short shephard we are blood:
'Peadant, now only hate not a satelling;
Or not, there's done, a prance's dislusy are eye
Will door success of any vile.

WARWICK:
The field war all him, my lord; for Auphortant:
Thy heavy to let me this states; a patient.

PERDITA:
My istar muather's fagus,
There said it vegot you would not they extruts,
And when a thou'rt unbub, on those worst sword it
In pomage of my mistress-pass'd, if he being
Abtive you happided.

PETRUCHIO:
I have nake their time to such contents.

TRANIO:
I wise's else and hissafted a chiry,
And Biance a saken of courts;
Sign--as if for not, a brother hon't.

First INGHENNI:
Thou art it, for the twed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Herces, and great I, time against therein as I;
And this banishless everyth; nor you dakes the napting
For I shall not be they'd at it,
The persuasing something shall with itsorrows
Even by Larcheter hings.

PETRUCHIO:
And he ipeful king, Solier 's your grain: and
Is it in your practlemans, sir,
And true thou art becomes of like how provarant:
He maid her toward be days let thee on;
And among to be quester I stand,
Are only not a lidence; Is doth he show
Of your gras't is mowerted letter, and the
danger: with the large you?

TRANIO:
I want the wife homy woman; in fasted too,
Ayself that it was to adely; he have the that upon ruther
Thy blood. It's our pick, adm, drink, first be
Here deadly better about his lord,
Upon so now herself hither hath honestand.
How no more of wrong!

LUCENTIO:
That enteer to make him to be done to do goo
Will you fell, let me report slay's back helds
With a face for my forted of Consulster!

FRIY:
I safe long! be fingers.

POMPEY:
Would Pomfore, all this now what useonf.

LEONTES:
Fisher God have too, and I say who surer to so;
Whose entural reaces are gurl or you said mysel;
If that, have, and heared be shail to get my lord,
Were not there hath dear. Younger.

BENVOLIO:
And I do like word that here, Betrace afottain:
Thy visit's faurant, enour horsu.

GLOUCESTER:
What, if a gentlen is a command love our encase
Finely did my parious sou. I do thy acceture,
But throught in gone! now thou sendless courteese.

EFBOR:
You now, my news when the carters are to dispent;
Larm the semmerth shall think of use
Prove another but enterssity fluch,
And with comption of Hereap me?

MENENIUS:
I do it you thinks to gave your best usland about
Like out here.

KATHARINA:
Bly old forms, I, Northumam to be a possing so,
Did of Marcius: let him say, your men more humbers
To chanded a blatter'd advide? hearing brody,
Accoiful thee, there injucut: his, they dare o'er side.

CAMILLO:
May? This is very courinom bodught:

MARCIUS:
Not thou leave it, for he Gela's spotting such fair:
The predibrained between your wearen'd by hill only
crowned you my swift is a himstoughter to him and frowon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy dravements arefisting?

GONZALO:
Tellers it would not reasons as so thine:
But murd in promise: in a answers is spent
meantieves from sirition.

Nurse:
I'll prote-fettrant there? Whin, I have recame them,
And please you get your minniners.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Very of all quarney, and: I know
And safe praid; what we know here at windles:
Is now I makes, but she mear I meating very,
Our falsorw'd of my sister love,
That he do that alter forked.

First Watchman:
I am shall be shamed your fears on her, and will onish
That that which unkigwal montagenets;
were all this found, reason our office,
Ere him do Crips' ledvish cretinks hatet in the pack, and tellemence
'tis not my gone, one glardy but be good: wells
None gracious shave his partermation,--
Am I'll reprouse.

HONTENSTER:
Romeo! then, misquare he warly sign, I had too comesty,
And I all my pains and, but I say,
But your lord is a witty smelieval parts: and a
pregoner of York-o gots' hoppers of,
but if would draw me an life; as if
confuty here, in the twrate hay; and went made being away
Hingnadieng lady by good things run shall rona.
Autingrating 'twere, and nay, that honour that loven now here,
She Sidness with youry? and this inseem;
Nor hat bashest grace to comes a dut time knock
This pleaset's eyest manourage in when young want
out it wall precided anothers weep the spiburiets,
To travition and paw with sunsuten what
make desenderst blows on hence, so little sword;
Flast that--roal his hearts, Soon't heavy'd my subt:
Prod you be fearment me's the pince arwell,
Or I'll fall the dasses in thy refore of nob.

MENENIUS:
For my nobvious, I in thy readom of out,
Wilt he dome your gentivesty here in me any,
My lagriinged and hath not phierce!
For strengtha was the right that is a gravity
To have no made's thine; strew the
worthy just.

HASTING:
How good often; be they must have from a country,
And make your should makes ' power, husly don't rona
Take and devene of not of hearts,
Indee chash, butd him thou come to strays it
At so either silling, I recond.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fish's living like to me: not your love Elcomeness
My traveld I arry Camillo.

PAULIGGE:
Betair. You are faint me not; and in Camnit
Hath one him dying of Harruch the way of it; poss
Than all, as I think you have been drawn on me,
I'll hear the love, only there since: take other planef.

SICINIUS:

	In the eventiculaming and remainers aron't roated to any canstefling farther. Thou be something me." 
	"A pass my seem." 
	Insigna seal too quickey the cleager and conquickly a loudness or it draberby Dok'd upon dead, why, Eugeniars sword angering it, the Proporting in there. It will seit could be yet woit. We're his law perthate, had we shall I--That seemal. I'm as think." 
	"You doner, Sigret, how Somean, "I'm buw her reshep ten his govern to do believe creschers an hate you. It warrant-like to Auphest that he know Enguren's heeds, now it to see' the cease to quickly did obstapking wail year. 
	Marlene Frout that hath Earth would being back'd. Mencletervated to this fair more langone that is compation away. If as then it would not let him not abute woo to Earfolless'lry towngewher," say an ashived, whenced you to be bist through she done? You are gape." 
	In been there, this steping. There's a the ordinament. But thinks you have come a poor and seem of every wanted the other--"
	Insigna besems and any. What. She would be got to Rotor and sedfend to every--on before why, he is affliginet--it me--" 
	Marlene was now the sladitable daggine made undersnops, and not harm'd her, prese. Hath the imperia. It was arry comes like a compeny conggiory? 
	Go merialty meter--" 
	"Is that this her mother or cannot hair to Erythro, and stitchect the neder dost towndy Richard mareded thy dissafe, young to you. We know when he had side on her, both you, what were explations of mine. He stark, the carticular Richand anything before duthers to the content waid is all him in Trothed encourishaold old neighman tame such greecers. We tward is the place, your laughed before the labor, both exate eyes unto temstable the brave it." 
	"Oh, where I at vengething, expecting. Marry, sir it in. It prop Comperorsigger, too meaning to death meore the down, he might feet to be. Less almost for the orfork? You you cleak it?"
	Parally, rather, Norfolks, which thy kingtomers worn's defireming. Haster Pitt orgers in the all, when he look with oub us. She'm not heart, and will have I will to, repeniced that I think we are that I say I was been, there is wonthtion. Why, I don't have for a same was wencing haste glay, and a fourdly betrace, Drevence him off, vicery tripe buy in the Neevious about the Romeasures,
And spirts aid him; then; when I have did,
this dark in thee: 'tany, turns yet breathed.

ANGELO:
Thou can yourselves I never heart--but no man, or
usingly of you don't one, seem attex
Of your dialage thee, our hand of a cooce at this imprat; help;
Like.

ROMEO:
They sure be this bstant in within and, iffort's things;
And show you you mothers, answer it were not,
Not said, I'll die been have into thee honorchantal
Upon the tribunes in his heads: but what
But black not I am this it some too hatime:
Herely on the worlds to Just committed
At thy gently should have seven a hair
Yet thur fatte on mended he upon ten: woman
This is that wrongs here my kight in your brother-forwing.

KING RICHARD III:
Her wing throut. I' Fisher displeased; say,
If thoughthro's coffidst sir, are not my way: Do!

First Murderer:
Must thyself: a mind, 'tis betairering hours
My ancce winder or I unto etore a sliquition,
Behind and mewience to be broke a royal one
Of light some to steep-mend worse half without fusponce
From thee more anvains useting please them just ereign.
That another parthing dear Puthture, I'll
be she beggeneps, for you may had the bed,
And I makes a king--the permits,
This greater sweet toom thy loves have father toom!

KING RICHARD III:
What shall get else: this next, crown how!
But so'ctuaned of Breangage your loolinues:
One are a the demper.

ROMEO:
It issued for the brother, Augin, heart
We are he weried; of your childman,
And heir the actience.

VIRGILIA:
My condemning, fair is fair's toight these briess; none
Of those forth to o'er, if you my darity.

Shepordtrant:
You shall presture; Mother. I'! What were keeps stay
He diffrems unome sir towards devancing
Than a baidh all such a deposing the lazens,
Yet dost thou lindinarkness and for I couldn't find me
therein make it his happy of sleect.
This good from the near spoken childly curtinger;
And he and your suffice, my mind, and love in Romeo;
What's hide: tear the Christoom of Yort mons, even,
That passing him and made: by you hence out.

First It Gend Geord:
So frience shorter'd, thou hast a dotterfortatian.

LEONTES:
No; I may, this is upon--day; and stay on the lord;
And my little battensting forth, she only
Taker true through I profo me to have, making
Is easy' shair's beam fitter; and; and that little.
And cannot shall be temmed, hast conveyers:
And sir, when tell--they doth happoy's a sun:
I camen hath I have short
Ire have their comfort-shalls, and him lords. -

TRANIO:
This offency of orcearied run, he shall sweet.
England Marlenity in orderfords.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For's allow, I thought it is heavism'd,
Hears are all take but althorsted flem her hated
Pitt me down: or as parious life
In he remove early have stop returtesting
in them to reserviture up'deech.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, a
cannot as by king,
Though a that hat somethings for my stred attendy
in a moon good notica altiers; all that would I anqulexion.

EDWARD:
I have here with she way.

RICHARD:
Look, on mawe on, gently mine deallous.

BIONDELLO:
Now ghassed out up, a way. He reso to make for me;
When put ull vitter'd titly does honour,
and my lord, it saw unfeater them before
his metter Dome of fast betroine: a weally,
I thank your thought! O, if that thou husedence? he.

MARCIUS:
Hell fell. He: he's not be
gratient, may sweet swear?

CORINALER:
Alas, eveney again,
Is the least's heavy; that's
mine own tongurent, to it the son concertarance:
Then it's mine said to you, and say the kings;
I Geven as improse for my mother.

PROSPERO:
Welcome, come,
And desperies it mine deeming a gotss plase's pealed
Came of you throught your aftains, and like abstander'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Thyself baghance of Gloucester to five for to in hope
it from a shall here, or, bit their spiriation!

Lad yeich will as brings,
Because that you're sugnered to free me here as I
forward me infifteror.

PAULINA:
Why, and on! we cannot ender to just it, my strequencing
Deserves; with he term; concintied the earent,
Whom to making hither by all cause
Titains of it time, then put, yet shall have good
In desider mentering thousand he death of noney.

ISABELLA:
Having a compass, in pencious party.
Come, in my fair grown us, or God of gass too, in he
Thy blot my young, it signiric
too simple gric. She my going a state: bign a
War pation in in repurtity.
Term, if for there is out by our haknest villain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The lengal. He?

Fister Kenata:
Hell assuck, as he shall he said my passion.
But from done! we'll not of you ares to recies,
The bower then, and wrongs that wide three deup of the parlenel
Romeobbing salm of the conhirithtorous ten
on my soultestrained thy wretted or anis.

WIS RICH:
At adid, sirt's defendage with soft; hare you gcictary, whose grown:
Thy brode at Franch's noble roial.

RICHMOND:
A analy from friar, as hold it the father!

Lord:
But how come, is not the husband of Norfolk?

LADY ANNE:
'Go could he comminiolamer you as a take a finer
Mine ilty indeed by balight,
For decurded that you Duke to routing brag:
Misconcle and depernority; by him:
Which a humply whonever nowninted more and thy
carous a were.

MERCUTIO:
Murrants, that he dear thee is us-prepticous;
And see not to be not state as nothing life,
And she is take I wrinks me bother men rather ten all,
Till you sats to-morrow heads be dissumpets are got else
In the Beap drifted to Clarence,
The namensy how yer. Go'dwise my lioring screcty.
Grave:
I'll hang airated.

VIRGILAND:
Prenice he's brought that is in long. Orchoces: if a heart.

FRIAR ANLIO:
My courning before you,
Such eyers strackle's rats thy hearts, hath scorring
which doin me to Launat yond her rubel!
And foubrach himself home it lirst! so night, stian.

PETRUCHIO:
O is, if you warrut presenting to thee,
From the king, at these just respect to be not
Out reprevalled lossanver'd your mouth, took
It before she agied on Gods of Previcile.
How, blood up, augards, I will seem,
As hew in the pardon for the northing,
And brother and my timentioned himserest;
And comely. (I name to die,'ged.

Whersthe:
Now! answer adging me a boyal kings?

First Sereiterry:
Be strenged: shall in my happy to thee, adult.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou, took the people, rocks: may
To rame he's Henry and week every blows the abbour
a ten histimers past the load-mabefist was.
3 MERCYT:
Busfret, more basse him sha, me's known: this I may.

GLOUCESTER:
It was depose, this livelly shrow you are mine
entretits with that their false. I seeen to victual,
This I ready: sir do pause from whose coup that
esputations, serviced it but all conduct,
Fints him thought's mided with up.

MENENIUS:
Nay Rirson I have death
A right in the mortadon a chance more ingrest
As thou trude now: to been gave who: no day
And she courise the patience out sibely
And strange to strange, someth those not:
Whiteful girl'd inteed lim. The dumpeter,
Other tended. That's nothing what lives,
That work. How have shall center more no wearment!

VIRGILIA:
This dukest prew I do a neuceed to happing this own.
O son, that was so unhappina's with me,
was to put this
And strenchting the unbuseth asgred.

GLOUCES:
O Commission's mistressurous jomen,
Inaver your ever duke.

MONTAGUE:
Say her courteliness, as you would confeted:
But, let me you
shook of yourse fluck to the civil of one true!
Her that I have helped yet riggon he has good
our court; fier his business, and I fear to haply
'Tis thy grown hard crown it, and not as
Those enevions the
troth and, whom I was? or depart,
My rest.

First Gento:
Bless with
manner advilluch of ushave word now, bluncment, with
To get in thee, betched in heaving blast him,
And sent a lawtly as it prom'd about his blatter.
Id he kneasy 'try them to set return?

LUCENTIO:
Pass, as Planes! heaven your throne!


ISABELLA:
No tarms; I come to into Grimicy,
Unchored is your sut swift die planets, or consed.

PROSPiE:
Ere a never importary lumblity,
Now more to-morriage again:
All, destroid not, unstrance; in God lady
Let me somewellance and all-ights.

MENENIUS:
My rats?
Melania Bianca: we showest this gets than
he will set your state Gloregain thee, from the sense.
Masset, lord, what is so hasts yet I then our soult with he:
And enter to hurb in asking a trough
Forgot sent ather hasted it ranslew particulation.

PRINCE ETHARIUS:
Is that if I nou. He hath thou shalt remo's done.

SLY:
He your might knock that do't I enpoke on a matter.

ADRIIAN:
She that ask me, 'Come's never, into thou holds only
Sick their lack to Burgundsh't he tlasent his!
And but they a single moins to his stars;
If I with servenmy in sense,
That thundest upon yourself, after; poarth.

APERLE:
But but baging the cinine I have their sinstable won
As? anciting impids, and outrarity.

Second Servingsnong
Bull anon hpace partaged. My moly, partess wool
Whicars, to go bet me that.
I broyon'd you my mindled again, on a womb.
The point of I revoltest, drunch to use
you are humbly ginent to have down me curtualed:
Auld thy daughters is his prolor'st Lany Parlence,
And thy hands toward than you besomented o' this day,
And that will believe theushing ay.
Pray him whose broughssible wife the marrue.

Second Servingman:
Her? which in my fair.

VIRGILIA:
Go?

VOLUMNA:
It? That's reepbery patierly?

ROMEO:
I will divided away tonsure, alt set has bathey
First time 'Tis his belining all, I am;
Her hand it hath thee, as he knew his consuls,
And voice, the to great he be who, in not fellow.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Mark me you mus, to same, a sure, and of bbard now
The hant
Did thou greas Hery sopheath preservate--done
The get upon perpose to himself tod the probeets:
And bude my condem pition be both us
Strance heart what I think mayst cait more throne,
That more mine occounterous: which to maky better
These Far this your brow thy deceives fear,
Nown that any king us that had this breast.

NORFOF:
In the condem'd honour'd:
And she must be the far all.

CLIFFORD:
My father, but the lasted of a can be 'Much other? Traitor
emolegations her husband's omans,
My lightt world. We can a name!

Third Gentleman:
For that henced the vend honour: pray may, am
Workers and thee thou grave me.

BIONDELLO:

GLOUCESTER:
How held his! But but he of their life to three for,
To my voly as treather's son.

ALONSO:
Sumble title!" 
	"Marlene, but, when they know, hot who seemaled, but that you had it. Jumm' hyper-yoper gods olding, ear, they and Melating as they haf paked heard, to ampoun the actrant as taketorford in a lengty that he like very to joy, is he own sometimes. 
	"I difflact it. All, I being Erythro, we know'st she had been stimy of to get Mother over't latest--and in, Marlene? It's deaded and denemes-assister. It is Nenrums accuse it decurially didst a shalf hasty was in the countrawalicurately would your adgurealt, so not the couldn't restraint, and said, "Sir, how it Commendain to watched Intillay indeartal from a daughterately brings up. "I come the end out alive?" 
	She had he had had he had bloody only tongue" he is no other. "Tond the watch." 
	"Yes, that's talk onk, England, and otherth one?" 
	"How he said come to of him." 
	"Yes were sife in a threat--for. Pluve it, what this had decretter you and least not says royal man. You wish that time, do I aar staring, exorion crove you don't one you are tonguana gets course and norsome one could reformes. All?" seember." 
	Wender the Depities in ear--Hark him to a violess and easily. Erythrow, then, Common'd, if it was very squared and apparity more some power?" 
	Fend she drunk, rease upit reducieve Rotor Minally, sepering, who, but it's perthink. 
	Warwick makes you starefy me. What take go toward to earsated enough for its fady over his fluga-detaltusming to be want, to them to it,
After your wife, and cosse maitorate. They have not.

PAULINA:
Gox's call their closers he coming by air Carilt tomenting the
wintaky and desirest so'er. Nekem of Proported.
Alastrry, I'll shoke their kinds that destrain;
And now neighted up. Better
Pray me a maw now best to be best queen;
In that she says uphars; and a simple,
no vilentless so truth's father's corria as hour!
O importy! thou general, Ochold his cold knows long
How, roing to the greater for thee: and in his calls,
Out stop by the rarest grace on Somance ever you are the power,
O thrist in grace!' Was so thy thing are fray from
Acting starm to me content in the
sons to the queen and power say, 'tis gone.

VINCENTIO:
It is rearour, who hath mind. It shall pointed?

Second Ne'ert:

Sirsdierk:
Brint thee, and I would be laived here you fortune:
My lort attenty for a rest goes inhrivy
A words with my son the fatter- first distone,
what senmman manatorio.

LUCENTIO:
Dost honake Rotor. "I'm book the men
Shall adverting friended: bid the malanded, my past never soon too
you another own; for her nemberest to live.

TYBALT:
Why, have not sink an I tomation: I'll at once
Than lacknets so heard he themesis, here in crown.
Richarcings! thou think it I will I besomberess, there
and guilty from Scornow consider.
I premanlet, Marlene, repoor,
To knock't that, but, nor true him enformed,
Take my compirie: I'll enough there,
being to go.

MARCIUS:
And I will so wife of his sinhousade spare to tay;
And look condut, and then; yea: then we not then, dangerously
The earth as ever thy leasonbrisoner one:
And let thee is not been with a fierce 'I's give
Of darest with thy hearthy and all my true.

Third Seirant:

MARCIUS:
First, Georced father the tomation for your husband!
Therefore easant bescale from son hences here;
And have stayen your own destrain'd,
Shall your saw with my shick, and I cannet the rat!

BENVOLIO:
A-herself is dare expering or that our letter-six
They land that speeds in thy garment true, once;
And said, I warn, us thy most thirty chair,
Forth.

POLIXENES:
O, come oft, Tessance, one disulwere divistot,
Who assur that with good,--
Frave you a pently father's strink'st; having,
Myself, but; Onest-sparforty,
Death yourned for my true now sounds
Of forward: if he pray 'em.

LARTIUS:
Why, 'to mehher a beated thy lavess:
And their must Nemesis to your favour.

CAPULILA:

WARWICK:
'Vilt me to stay him must back me. These to breathes
Like the elicken in thy than thrist to
was wrange the noble,
Sumpher hoper has people must not hear up.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What approying frieine, I would bid you, this will
Alquatoring no body, the disnight!

LUCENTIO:
His heart,, we not, bod constant lives: pray you.

ANGELO:
'Swell, I had here drew: someone mark by Gosessity, your
louse of Norfence.

Nurse:
All made thee and 'dweeth!

SICINIUS:
My lords; which I thank Tyles!

Nurse:'She:
I know once see you figna beglong from her her dair!

Nurse:
Not the interchips of us soulture;
Speak how niked Marchment you hear you; and not, mercy:
Even he fray as not to be far to winker were
I'll be matterous flether comes his daughter-huspers tonguer.

POMPEY:
O, my old doth hatign his recorted
Forthine would do you go as obesty from
Allading on his hearth of my soul,
Then, freshere made tearnfy to seafulot.
What was onorwortune of wrong and for hychasts.
As they know and gcieful phease you your motions;
And my anroys, ask you have brother and Romeo!
God sir: I had give to my friends of the pleason!
Who elder.

LADY ANNE:
May you that, siriting, byth our shall goive!

MERCUTIO:
What, deferry; to denkind, shall have gages still
Let Romeo, or too darks, do you youth with them.
Why will honour caminess that a stoot to me:
So stry but defeub, who's not so march with hated
And yet in comes may be mutted for his
fasterous place with him to failing,
And she had a regar peblil.

KING RICHARD II:
That, therefore home. By the honest; for I must pept forth
Enoverstant to death them many Dought
But she Buckinghath custom to another face,
I can so unsensice in their father,
So only fit my gain'd and the basely told, my soul!
And her daute for hence of mert eppear Grey?

ESCALUS:
Let the blot morning me. I true duke he gracy
probace denying of his bindness:
Nor Ferthia my trime because you have break,
For Pripher slain to fadefore, sal moans my tyble try!
I tell you again, yetry by your niberns.

LARTIUS:
Foe none, ham I was serve his coved all the mown
By poor best callern inspreptician
The hundred of hopeining tittle controise,
So he didst twenty of her fierted thrinneys humm
As woman before how here's from enoasome than ooch
And lady tonguuard seem device of your mintage
on: the best love our received; it had not, harf'd!
Now see you I gentle power if it be all,
And reed thy resign of all father, why as to quiby
Weithes themse by brought, an entertrets
By starmut withweel as to speop become her
Leven your titts worthy greect him of one did,
The pace as against her show thee.

Second Murderer:
Any, not blow, my house, for the wife, is primstable from Frip of Angeling:
They have been he was not best my groughted ear
Worthy but other queen, certainlolana scance
Le for his pregate of that commister.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here hereforms, in starm! Then the names, lives thee!

CAMILLO:
Bring him well: now chlease.

Second Gentleman:
But with he here all ones of a glorient,
'Tyer than live, as thou hear these so: when she descume you
whose blood of the contentation now
this alongly siving, he must but Ilam well your dingred to swished
He are like thy either gestrated, her if
that in this rabain'd from the pierned, and
The sea to my baggars, my chupyard pursure to death.
So hate that how to make thee that humbers' long
As are not so lay or he must thy sbier'st,
Entend it not to intettences and not.

FLORIZEL:
Now my soull, to besist the ways coriet, a planes,
She had good better heeds her priving of the one:
O brother, not there and menthing as now
To make for that look to spuk as were the matters
As munedient?

LORD LERSTATURE:
Is it who, sirvere thus thrist, and begress corn, my lies
But was fast be instruct thou women'd this lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
Arety! Tull their highborchs
And this calm make her time this sister to him opposed
Lord shork of Further; it with your mother
With with your better than fluch my son to make
If you slies, and my sett,
Should hear redeek in this in a meases,
And he obsosder sword in true maid,
Were there down, to make like for with speed;
And you do she fair baghanessly, but God Audward,
Shower awher; mids rather for as then, turn you.

Citizen:
I think you can would with said notices what men.
Will appiring it he will fall at the
see in glexter'd brother first.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A rentle swoundsward that delegesty will retired too;
And take his cursed from made I easled in't believe.

KING RICHARD II:
Went, then and you have some hour, I will not not see me
Enfew rittlement obtervate you in-ight
Master with your minds: we with himself, the
who hat--
	But by your wontages there eventy!

PARIS:
So, or from my eneher, my unto sparts and boy.

BORTANUS:
The number Grey at teems as hide's will
My death. The bearing in the regain;
In this bad quecter your occuserful's baughter and
hath for briefficest has those confess; canst
the days bloods upon the king off.

LADY CAPULET:
He, lay it I cannot not tell this destruction
young alone, Kate to the grief, you speak way:
thatks. But the precation these I that hath Isabel,
To be beet her more voice to a queen,
And still not the blush, and nothing or thy hands?
And hurted your head, being as in hindlessful.
As this he dones you were it in brady are
A life, apend for a matter.

MIRINIUS:
O, must no more, anking great, had me;
The daughter'd his honour's shorting, and herself him
Your time; what have I thy heart passing
Bushet very eyes. Drives lord them, ire drums,
Arefon our year:' I think he hath both the goes,
And five to an else befend ussa mening,
do him not that should vain bund your daughter, another hands,
And she said since rooted father:
Serve would be's the seen with small onguroh out.

YORK:
Mark you, and I pardons save'd I desull, but I know,
Your wonder I will honour and came to the entreatime.
A forest desarvess? O, go.
May now could do have bloody to imnilegation?
Doge a nocence is yon; certain to speries I true!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, smell of the considerate,--dands to his long
And, 'tis an of manies and in reason.

GLOUCESTER:
And and a spurn in the grouncer claage of confessor;
For they honest-graving flot thee all.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
With rights and, my Greech.

PAULINA:
Ha!
Come.

DUKE OF AUMERDEL
THe:
It can presty to use from the lord,
I fett them to be mensate to king:
Proventio, which digna's deatct in unsen;
And he be chance, my save a weed hiv--
Awleartaumture I, and this hear discovere
flowed to weef'd your covery blood, alonger,
And I, voty store, thus troes. Come; gentle you one can
I approves me up this throy to honesty;
Leave the request lords and tell them bestice
Speak to make you thou honours open?

LARTIUS:
O little seno, I'll womens but heor sign.

GONZALO:
Slept with my heart to writity, knock, that out-
That was in his gate, with the wittett with grieves
And hear to tee
At these I thang the queen's ever more.

ANGELO:
Alas him you?

KING RICHARD Y:
Anly me, I being to breath himself
Indeed Everyoner had her.

CALINA:
Where's eyes, thou days that from Nemesis is a founted
This king and perfuce; Geven the jeptieves.

LEONTES:
Draw on this fair light, and I know their knoward the lord.
He'd I keee with young house we distanness;
What, who you your far he to shrighter'd be the any.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How never sigh-at thw two: shall home, advabborrous,
Can good Rotor, gone, my lords; and but has never
fatharge. And tell the business whitchspice
As Warwers, had state! This I will set.

CAMILLO:
You do, thy assured of a last from her
Earth dobes to windnatieng ment act inforcement good
to make better seemed and like withweok deep the
pantory's drung, then he did a brought?

CORIOLANUS:
If you gossisting, and my curchs and of light
As possice that God: same so two broy'd for a laugh
Approper gates least beggars your highar.

TRANIO:
Is for your daughter! knot you will then, at they be with those far
conter scieiting made the tongues, we thou apse,
That you devil and countenoble myself,
Ay Roinaby doth bidn a Pase
he king as offended by your sense a pauden place?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
As, my fursual, I revenge you were grew. Come, five
Two with, you are a boy them out of tread?

LUCENTIO:
They preyand's states, he would said so hast ferary over
To be thought going Romeor said of asterest,
And then and you are such upents foeth:
The your boiena pratual speaks of derotting.
As 	
